<Athletic_Park_(Vancouver)>	Vancouver Capilanos Western International Baseball League 1939-1950 Athletic Park was a sports facility in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada mainly used for baseball but also hosted soccer, football, lacrosse, bike races, and rallies.Bob Brown, the man who would later be known as Vancouver's "Mr. Baseball" cleared the stadium site himself, and was responsible for the building of the structure made entirely out of wood.
<Aro_Tolbukhin._En_la_mente_del_asesino>	Aro Tolbukhin: In the Mind of a Killer (Spanish: Aro Tolbukhin: En la mente del asesino) is a 2002 film, written and directed by Isaac Pierre Racine, Agustí Villaronga, and Lydia Zimmermann. It was the 2003 Mexican submission for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.The film tells the story of Aro Tolbukhin, a Hungarian salesman who sets fire to seven people in an infirmary in a mission in Guatemala. The film follows his life, from his childhood in Hungary to his arrival in Guatemala, in an attempt to determine his motivations.This article related to a Spanish film of the 2000s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Getafe_CF>	Getafe Club de Fútbol (Spanish pronunciation: [χeˈtafe ˈkluβ ðe ˈfuðβol]), or simply Getafe, is a professional football club based in Getafe, a city in the Community of Madrid. The team competes in La Liga, the highest tier of the Spanish football system. The club's home stadium (owned and operated by the municipality) is Coliseum Alfonso Pérez which was opened in 1998 and can hold 17,393 spectators. The club was founded in 1946 and refounded in 1983.Since promoting to La Liga for the first time in 2004, Getafe participated in the top level of Spanish football for twelve years between 2004 and 2016, and again since 2017.The club's main rivalry is against neighbours Leganés, who are based near the town of Getafe, and a friendly rivalry against Atlético Madrid and Real Madrid.
<Südtiroler_Sparkasse_–_Cassa_di_Risparmio_di_Bolzano>	The Savings Bank of the Province of Bolzano / South Tyrol (German: Südtiroler Sparkasse A.G., Italian: Cassa di Risparmio di Bolzano S.p.A.) is an Italian savings bank based in Bolzano, the capital of South Tyrol autonomous region.Due to Italian banking reform, the bank was separate into a S.p.A. and a banking foundation (Stiftung Südtiroler Sparkasse – Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Bolzano) in 1992.Banca Popolare di Lodi (BPL) was a minority shareholders of the bank, which Reti Bancarie acted as a sub-holding company for 19.99%. In 2006 Reti Bancarie was absorbed into BPL, as well as the bank sold 10% back to the banking foundation of the savings bank. On 20 December 2007 the remaining 9.99% was sold by Banco Popolare to the foundation.
<Fortuna_Düsseldorf>	Düsseldorfer Turn- und Sportverein Fortuna 1895 e.V., commonly known as Fortuna Düsseldorf (pronounced [fɔʁˈtuːna ˈdʏsl̩dɔʁf] (listen)), is a German football club in Düsseldorf, North Rhine-Westphalia, which competes in the 2. Bundesliga.Founded in 1895, Fortuna entered the league in 1913 and was a fixture in the top flight from the early 1920s up to the creation of the Bundesliga in 1963. 2022–23 will be their third season in a row in the 2. Bundesliga since getting relegated from the Bundesliga in the 2019–20 season. Fortuna captured one German championship in 1933 and two German cup DFB-Pokal wins in 1979 and 1980. Their greatest feat in European competition was a Cup Winners Cup final in 1979 where they lost to Barcelona.
<Jane_Bryan>	Jane Bryan (born Jane O'Brien, June 11, 1918 – April 8, 2009) was an American actress groomed by Warner Bros. to become one of its leading ladies but she chose to retire from acting in 1940 at age 22, after which she became a philanthropist and arts patron.Born in Hollywood, California,  Bryan was the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. James O'Brien. Her father was an attorney. Her first dramatic training came in Jean Muir's theatrical workshop, where she was discovered by Bette Davis.Bryan gained acting experience as an apprentice at the Hollywood Theatre Workshop. Her film debut came in The Case of the Black Cat (1936).
<Jean-Louis_Borloo>	Jean-Louis Marie Borloo (French pronunciation: ​[ʒɑ̃ lwi maʁi bɔʁlo]; born 7 April 1951) is a French politician who served as president of the Union of Democrats and Independents (UDI) from 2012 to 2014. He also was Minister of the Economy, Finance and Employment in 2007 and Minister of Ecology, Energy, Sustainable Development and the Sea from 2007 until 2010 under President Nicolas Sarkozy.Jean-Louis Marie Borloo was born in Paris, his parents were Lucien Borloo born in Guéméné-sur-Scorff and Mauricette Acquaviva from Marseille of Corsican origin. Borloo gained his Baccalauréat in 1969, in the Philosophy stream. In 1972 he took a first degree in Law and Philosophy at the Pantheon-Sorbonne University, in 1974 a further degree in History and Economics at Paris X Nanterre, and in 1976 an MBA at HEC Paris.
<Netanya>	Netanya (also known as Natanya, Hebrew: נְתַנְיָה) is a city in the Northern Central District of Israel, and is the capital of the surrounding Sharon plain. It is 30 km (18.6 mi) north of Tel Aviv, and 56 km (34.8 mi) south of Haifa, between Poleg stream and Wingate Institute in the south and the Avihayil stream in the north. Netanya was named in honor of Nathan Straus, a prominent Jewish American merchant and philanthropist in the early 20th century who was the co-owner of Macy's department store.Its 14 km (8.7 mi) of beaches have made the city a popular tourist resort. In 2019, it had a population of 221,353, making it the 7th-largest city in Israel by population. An additional 150,000 people live in the local and regional councils within 10 km (6 mi) of Netanya, which serves as a regional center for them. The city mayor is Miriam Feirberg.
<University_of_Adelaide>	The University of Adelaide (informally Adelaide University) is a public research university located in Adelaide, South Australia. Established in 1874, it is the third-oldest university in Australia. The university's main campus is located on North Terrace in the Adelaide city centre, adjacent to the Art Gallery of South Australia, the South Australian Museum, and the State Library of South Australia.The university has four campuses, three in South Australia: North Terrace campus in the city, Roseworthy campus at Roseworthy and Waite campus at Urrbrae, and one in Melbourne, Victoria. The university also operates out of other areas such as Thebarton, the National Wine Centre in the Adelaide Park Lands, and in Singapore through the Ngee Ann-Adelaide Education Centre.
<Granada_CF>	Granada Club de Fútbol, S.A.D. (Spanish pronunciation: [gɾaˈnaða ˈkluβ ðe ˈfuðβol]), known simply as Granada, is a Spanish football club based in the city of Granada, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, that plays in the Segunda División, after being relegated from La Liga in the 2021–22 season. Its main shareholder is the Chinese company Desport, and its president Jiang Lizhang. The club was founded in 1931 with the name of Club Recreativo Granada, and plays its home matches at the Nuevo Estadio de Los Cármenes.Since 17 July 2020 the club is located at position 22 of the historical points classification of the First Division, and 20 of the historical First Division number of seasons classification, where it has participated in 25 seasons and finished in sixth place twice. Granada was the Copa del Rey runner-up in 1959 (the competition was then known as the Copa del Generalísimo). The club finished the 2019–20 season in 7th, qualifying for the first time to the UEFA Europa League, where they were quarter-finalists.
<Daigaku_Honyaku_Center>	DHC Corporation (株式会社ディーエイチシー, Kabushiki-gaisha Dī Eichi Shī), initials of Daigaku Honyaku Center (大学翻訳センター, Daigaku Honyaku Sentā, lit. "University Translation Center") is a Japanese manufacturer dealing in cosmetics and health food supplements headquartered in Tokyo, Japan. It was established in 1972. Their flagship brand name is "Olive Virgin Oil".Originally started in Japan as a translation business, DHC Corporation ventured into other enterprises and is now a leading manufacturer of cosmetics, vitamins, healthy foods, and lingerie. In addition to these ventures, DHC Corporation has an educational and publishing department, hotel and spa, and two aesthetic salons. It is also a minor shareholder in the music chart operator Oricon Inc. and a parent company to JFL affiliate station Cross FM. It started a helicopter business in 2008.[non-primary source needed]In 2020 and 2021, CEO Yoshiaki Yoshida made statements promoting DHC's employment of "pure Japanese" employees and models, in contrast to competitors' employment of people with Korean heritage.  This has generated backlash and was followed by the company's exit from South Korea at the end of 2021.
<Albuquerque,_New_Mexico>	Albuquerque (/ˈælbəkɜːrki/ (listen) AL-bə-kur-kee; Spanish: [alβuˈkeɾke]), abbreviated ABQ, is the most populous city in the U.S. state of New Mexico. Its nicknames, The Duke City and Burque, both reference its founding in 1706 as La Villa de Alburquerque by Nuevo México governor Francisco Cuervo y Valdés. Named in honor of the Viceroy of New Spain, the 10th Duke of Alburquerque, the city was an outpost on El Camino Real linking Mexico City to the northernmost territories of New Spain. Located in the Albuquerque Basin, the city is flanked by the Sandia Mountains to the east and the West Mesa to the west, with the Rio Grande and bosque flowing from north-to-south. According to the 2020 census, Albuquerque had 564,559 residents, making it the 32nd-most populous city in the United States and the fourth largest in the Southwest. It is the principal city of the Albuquerque metropolitan area, which had 916,528 residents as of July 2020, and forms part of the Albuquerque–Santa Fe–Las Vegas combined statistical area, which numbers 1,162,523 as of January 2020.
<London_Transport_Board>	The London Transport Board was the organisation responsible for public transport (except main-line trains) in London, England, and its environs from 1963 to 1969. In common with all London transport authorities from 1933 to 2000, the public name and operational brand of the organisation was London Transport.The London Transport Board (LTB) was established on 1 January 1963 pursuant to the Transport Act 1962 and replaced the London Transport Executive (LTE) upon the dissolution of the British Transport Commission. It was an independent statutory undertaking reporting directly to the Minister of Transport, whose responsibilities were similar to those of the LTE, but with the addition of some railway lines previously the responsibility of British Railways. The first Chairman was Alexander Valentine, who had been the Chairman of the LTE.
<Robert_Lešnik>	Robert Lešnik is a car designer, born 1971 in Maribor, Slovenia. After three failed attempts to enter the Academy of Fine Arts and Design, he registered at the University of Pforzheim, and while there he took an exam to work with Volkswagen. He succeeded and stayed at Volkswagen for nine years as exterior design team leader. In April 2007 he moved to Kia Motors and left it in September 2009 for Mercedes-Benz, where he has headed the Exterior Design department, since 2014.He won the "Designer of the year, 2006" award, a Slovenian award for industrial design.
<A.C._Reggiana_1919>	Associazione Calcio Reggiana 1919, commonly referred to as Reggiana, is a professional football club based in Reggio Emilia, Emilia-Romagna, Italy. The club was formed in 2018 upon an idea of 1919, and plays in the Serie C, the third tier of Italian football. Reggiana is known as i Granata ("the Maroons") in reference to the club's main colour: maroon.The club was refounded two times after going bankrupt: in 2005 as Reggio Emilia Football Club, and in 2018 as Reggio Audace Football Club. In both occasions, the club subsequently regained the naming rights and the trophies of A.C. Reggiana via judicial auction. The club has participated in the Serie A, the top tier of Italian football, seven times; their last appearance dates back to the 1996–97 season.
<Shirley_Mitchell>	Shirley Mitchell (November 4, 1919 – November 11, 2013) was an American radio, film, and television actress.Mitchell was born in Toledo, Ohio, the daughter of Sam Mitchell and his wife, Jews who emigrated to America to escape the Russian Civil War. She also had a younger brother, Dr. Marvin Mitchell of Watertown, Massachusetts, with whom she was raised in Toledo, Ohio.Following a move to Chicago, Mitchell appeared in the network broadcast of The First Nighter Program and played small parts in various soap operas, including The Story of Mary Marlin and The Road of Life. After she moved to Los Angeles, she played opposite Joan Davis and Jack Haley in The Sealtest Village Store. She also starred as Louella in The Life of Riley and joined the cast of Fibber McGee and Molly as Alice Darling in 1943. She also played in Amos & Andy and The Charlotte Greenwood Show.
<Iván_Amaya>	Iván Amaya Carazo (born 3 September 1978) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender.Born in Madrid, Amaya started his professional career at hometown's Rayo Vallecano, playing a combined 31 games with the first team in his first two seasons, the first of which was spent in the second division with promotion. After that, he returned to the second level but stayed in the city, joining Atlético Madrid for another couple of years and being rarely utilised.
<Janet_Jagan>	Janet Rosenberg Jagan OE (October 20, 1920 – March 28, 2009) was a U.S.-born Guyanese politician who served as the President of Guyana, serving from December 19, 1997, to August 11, 1999. She was the first female President of Guyana. She previously served as the first female Prime Minister of Guyana from March 17, 1997, to December 19, 1997. The wife of Cheddi Jagan, whom she succeeded as president, she was awarded Guyana's highest national award, the Order of Excellence, in 1993, and the UNESCO Mahatma Gandhi Gold Medal for Women's Rights in 1998.Jagan was born Janet Rosenberg to middle-class Jewish parents on the south side of Chicago, Illinois, on October 20, 1920. Her maternal grandparents, Adolph and Rosa Kronberg (née Appelbaum), were Jewish immigrants. Adolph immigrated to Chicago from Romania and Rosa came from Hungary. In December 1942, aged 22, while working as a student nurse at Cook County Hospital, she met Cheddi Jagan, an Indo-Guyanese dentistry student at Northwestern University. They married on August 5, 1943, and in December that year she moved with him to Guyana, where he set up his dental practice.In Guyana, she took part in labour activism along with her husband and joined the British Guianese Labour Union. She also worked in her husband's dental clinic as a nurse for 10 years. In 1946, she founded the Women's Political and Economic Organization and co-founded the Political Affairs Committee.
<Stephen_Jackson_(scientist)>	Stephen Philip Jackson, FRS, FMedSci, (born 17 July 1962) is the Frederick James Quick Professor of Biology. He is a Senior Group Leader and Head of Cancer Research UK Laboratories at the Gurdon Institute.Professor Jackson was educated at the University of Leeds, graduating with a Bachelor of Science degree in Biochemistry in 1983. He then carried out his PhD research working with Jean Beggs on yeast RNA splicing at Imperial College London and Edinburgh University, earning his PhD in 1987.
<Harivansh_Rai_Bachchan>	Harivansh Rai Bachchan (né Srivastava; 27 November 1907 – 19 December 2002) was an Indian poet and writer of the Nayi Kavita literary movement (romantic upsurge) of early 20th century Hindi literature. He was also a poet of the Hindi Kavi Sammelan. He is best known for his early work Madhushala. He was also the husband of social activist, Teji Bachchan, father of Amitabh Bachchan and Ajitabh Bachchan, and grandfather of Abhishek Bachchan. In 1976, he received the Padma Bhushan for his service to Hindi literature.Bachchan was born at Babupatti, United Provinces of Agra and Oudh in British India on 27 November 1907 into an Awadhi Hindu Kayastha family. His family name was  Srivastav. He began using the pen name "Bachchan" (meaning child) instead of Srivastava when he wrote Hindi poetry. From 1941 to 1957, he taught in the English Department at the Allahabad University and after that, he spent the next two years at St Catharine's College, Cambridge, Cambridge University completing a PhD on W.B. Yeats.
<Fresno,_California>	Fresno (/ˈfrɛznoʊ/) is a major city in the San Joaquin Valley of California, United States. It is the county seat of Fresno County and the largest city in the greater Central Valley region. It covers about 115 square miles (300 km2) and had a population of 542,107 in 2020, making it the fifth-most populous city in California, the most populous inland city in California, and the 34th-most populous city in the nation. The Metro population of Fresno is  1,008,654 as of 2022. Named for the abundant ash trees lining the San Joaquin River, Fresno was founded in 1872 as a railway station of the Central Pacific Railroad before it was incorporated in 1885. It has since become an economic hub of Fresno County and the San Joaquin Valley, with much of the surrounding areas in the Metropolitan Fresno region predominantly tied to large-scale agricultural production. Fresno is near the geographic center of California, approximately 220 miles (350 km) north of Los Angeles, 170 miles (270 km) south of the state capital, Sacramento, and 185 miles (300 km) southeast of San Francisco. Yosemite National Park is about 60 miles (100 km) to the north, Kings Canyon National Park 60 miles (100 km) to the east, and Sequoia National Park 75 miles (120 km) to the southeast.
<Wilfrid_Kent_Hughes>	Second World WarSir Wilfrid Selwyn "Bill" Kent Hughes KBE, MVO, MC (12 June 1895 – 31 July 1970) was an Australian army officer and politician who had a long career in both state and federal politics, most notably as a minister in the Menzies Government. He also had a longstanding involvement with the Olympic movement, as both an athlete and organiser.
<Paul_Waldron_Reilly>	Paul Waldron Reilly, AIA (born 30 March 1932 - 25 May 2011), was an American architect who practiced in mid-20th-century New York, New Jersey, and Florida under the architectural firm name Paul W. ReillyBorn 30 March 1932 in New York City to father, architect Paul C. Reilly. Reilly earned his Bachelor of Architecture from the University of Notre Dame in 1956. He served in the government from 1956 to 1958. In 1970, he lived in Locust, New Jersey.He joined the New York Chapter of the American Institute of Architects in 1964. From 1966, he served on the New York City Mayor's Panel of Architects. In 1970, his office was located at 393 Seventh Ave, New York, New York 10001. Generally an advocate of contemporary architecture, AIA Guide to NYC (1978), conceded that "it is hard to miss [St. Francis de Chantal's Church, Bronx,]. Perhaps that's one of its problems." The small practice, Paul W Reilly & Associates, was listed as on Broad Street, Red Bank, New Jersey.
<Boston>	Boston (US: /ˈbɔːstən/), officially the City of Boston, is the state capital and most populous city of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, as well as the cultural and financial center of the New England region of the United States. It is the 24th-most populous city in the country. The city boundaries encompass an area of about 48.4 sq mi (125 km2) and a population of 675,647 as of 2020. It is the seat of Suffolk County (although the county government was disbanded on July 1, 1999). The city is the economic and cultural anchor of a substantially larger metropolitan area known as Greater Boston, a metropolitan statistical area (MSA) home to a census-estimated 4.8 million people in 2016 and ranking as the tenth-largest MSA in the country. A broader combined statistical area (CSA), generally corresponding to the commuting area and including Providence, Rhode Island, is home to approximately 8.2 million people, making it the sixth most populous in the United States.Boston is one of the oldest municipalities in America, founded on the Shawmut Peninsula in 1630 by Puritan settlers from the English town of the same name. It was the scene of several key events of the American Revolution and the nation's founding, such as the Boston Massacre, the Boston Tea Party, the Battle of Bunker Hill, and the siege of Boston. Upon American independence from Great Britain, the city continued to be an important port and manufacturing hub as well as a center for education and culture. The city has expanded beyond the original peninsula through land reclamation and municipal annexation. Its rich history attracts many tourists, with Faneuil Hall alone drawing more than 20 million visitors per year. Boston's many firsts include the United States' first public park (Boston Common, 1634), first public or state school (Boston Latin School, 1635) first subway system (Tremont Street subway, 1897), and first large public library (Boston Public Library, 1848).
<Philander_Smith_College>	Philander Smith College is a private historically black college in Little Rock, Arkansas. It is affiliated with the United Methodist Church and is a founding member of the United Negro College Fund (UNCF). Philander Smith College is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission.Philander Smith College was officially founded in 1877 under the name of Walden Seminary to provide educational opportunities for emancipated slaves west of the Mississippi River. In 1882 the school was renamed Philander Smith College in honor of the financial contributions of Adeline Smith, widow of Philander Smith.  It was chartered as a four-year college in 1883 and conferred its first bachelor's degree in 1888.  In 1933, it merged the assets of the George R. Smith College in Sedalia, Missouri, which burned down in 1925. In 1943, Philander Smith was accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools.
<The_Village_(poem)>	The Village is a narrative poem by George Crabbe, published in 1783. The poem contrasts the traditional representation of the rural idyll in Augustan poetry with the realities of village life.In early 1781 Crabbe wrote a letter to statesman and author Edmund Burke asking for help, in which he included samples of his poetry. Among the samples that Crabbe sent to Burke were pieces of his poems The Library and The Village which Burke viewed favourably, giving Crabbe a gift of money to relieve his immediate wants, and assuring him that he would do all in his power to further Crabbe's literary career. The Village was published in May 1783.
<Theodosius_Dobzhansky>	Theodosius Grigorovich Dobzhansky (Russian: Феодо́сий Григо́рьевич Добржа́нский; Ukrainian: Теодо́сій Григо́рович Добржа́нський; January 25, 1900 – December 18, 1975) was a prominent Ukrainian-American geneticist and evolutionary biologist, and a central figure in the field of evolutionary biology for his work in shaping the modern synthesis. Dobzhansky was born in Nemirov, in the Russian Empire (present-day Nemyriv, Ukraine) and emigrated to the United States in 1927, aged 27. He was a distant relation of the Russian writer Feodor Dostoevsky.His 1937 work Genetics and the Origin of Species became a major influence on the modern synthesis.  He was awarded the US National Medal of Science in 1964 and the Franklin Medal in 1973.Dobzhansky was born on January 25, 1900, in Nemyriv, Russian Empire, now part of Ukraine, an only child. He was given a rare name, Theodosius, because he was born after his middle-aged parents prayed for a child to St. Theodosius of Chernigov. His father, Grigory Dobzhansky, was a mathematics teacher, and his mother was Sophia Voinarsky. In 1910 the family moved to Kyiv. 
<Defy_Media>	Defy Media was an American digital media company that produced original online content for the 12–34 age group. Originally founded in 1996 as Alloy Online (later Alloy Digital), the final company was formed in 2013 by its merger with Break Media.On November 6, 2018, the company ceased operations after its assets were frozen by creditors leaving channels like Smosh without a company. Several former employees blamed poor financial management, while high overhead from YouTube, legal troubles, overly-aggressive expansion, and a shrinking advertising market were also described as contributing factors.
<Frank_McNeil>	Francis Kenneth McNeil was a professional American football player for the Brooklyn Dodgers. He attended Washington & Jefferson College.
<Beverly_Adams>	Beverly Sassoon (born 1944/1945) is a Canadian-American actress and author.Adams was born in Alberta, Canada, but was a citizen of the United States. She is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Wayne Adams. Raised Roman Catholic, she moved with her family to Burbank, California after the war where, as a teen, she competed in and won beauty contests before becoming an actress. She began working as a model while she was a student at Valley State College.
<Richard_Brautigan>	Richard Gary Brautigan  (January 30, 1935 –  c. September 16, 1984) was an American novelist, poet, and short story writer. A prolific writer, he wrote throughout his life and published ten novels, two collections of short stories, and four books of poetry. Brautigan's work has been published both in the United States and internationally throughout Europe, Japan, and China. He is best known for his novels Trout Fishing in America (1967), In Watermelon Sugar (1968), and The Abortion: An Historical Romance 1966 (1971).Brautigan began his career as a poet, with his first collection being published in 1957. He made his debut as a novelist with A Confederate General from Big Sur (1964), about a seemingly delusional man who believes himself to be the descendant of a Confederate general from Big Sur. Brautigan would go on to publish numerous prose and poetry collections until 1982. He died by suicide in 1984.
<Houston_Astros>	The Houston Astros are an American professional baseball team based in Houston, Texas. The Astros compete in Major League Baseball (MLB) as a member club of the American League (AL) West division, having moved to the division in 2013 after spending their first 51 seasons in the National League (NL).The Astros were established as the Houston Colt .45s and entered the National League as an expansion team in 1962 along with the New York Mets. The current name, reflecting Houston's role as the host of the Johnson Space Center, was adopted three years later, when they moved into the Astrodome, the first domed sports stadium and the so-called "Eighth Wonder of the World." The Astros moved to a new stadium called Minute Maid Park in 2000. The Astros played in the NL West division from 1969 to 1993, then the NL Central division from 1994 to 2012, before being moved to the AL West as part of a MLB realignment in 2013.
<Latvia_national_under-17_football_team>	The Latvia national under-17 football team or Latvia U-17 represents Latvia in association football at the under-17 youth level, and is controlled by the Latvian Football Federation.The team is for Latvian players aged 17 or under at the start of a two-year UEFA European Under-17 Championship cycle, so players appearing for the team can actually be up to 19 years of age. It is considered a feeder team of the Latvian under-19 and under-21 teams.Prior to Latvia's independence in 1991, Latvian players were eligible for selection to the Soviet Union U-16 team. Following the dissolution of the Soviet Union, the Latvian Football Federation was admitted to UEFA as a full member in 1992, and the Latvia U-16 team played their first competitive matches in the first phase of the qualifying tournament for the 1994 European U-16 Championship. The team's competitive debut came on 18 September 1993 against Russia U-16 and they finished their first qualifying campaign as 3rd out of 3 teams, behind Russia and Norway.
<Coventry_City_F.C.>	Coventry City Football Club is a professional association football club based in Coventry, West Midlands, England. The team currently compete in the Championship, the second tier of the English football league system. The club play at the 32,609 capacity Coventry Building Society Arena (or CBS Arena). The club is nicknamed the Sky Blues because of the colour of their home strip. From 1899 to 2005, Coventry City played at Highfield Road. The 32,609-capacity Coventry Building Society Arena (named the Ricoh Arena until 2021) was opened in August 2005 to replace Highfield Road. Coventry City formed as Singers F.C. in 1883 following a general meeting of the Singer Factory Gentleman's club. They adopted their current name in 1898 and joined the Southern League in 1908, before being elected into the Football League in 1919. Relegated in 1925, they returned to the Second Division as champions of the Third Division South and Third Division South Cup winners in 1935–36. Relegated in 1952, they won promotion in the inaugural Fourth Division season in 1958–59. Coventry reached the First Division after winning the Third Division title in 1963–64 and the Second Division title in 1966–67 under the management of Jimmy Hill. In the 1970–71 season, the team competed in the European Inter-Cities Fairs Cup, reaching the second round. Despite beating Bayern Munich 2–1 in the home leg, they had lost 6–1 in the first leg in Germany, and thus were eliminated.
<Carolco_Pictures>	Carolco Pictures, Inc. was an American independent film studio that existed from 1976 to 1995, founded by Mario Kassar and Andrew G. Vajna. Kassar and Vajna ran Carolco together until 1989, when Vajna left to form Cinergi Pictures. Carolco hit its peak in the 1980s and early 1990s, with blockbuster successes including the first three films of the Rambo franchise, Total Recall, Terminator 2: Judgment Day, Basic Instinct, Universal Soldier, Cliffhanger and Stargate. Nevertheless, the company was losing money overall and required a corporate restructuring in 1992. The 1995 film Cutthroat Island, intended to be a comeback for the studio, instead lost $147 million and brought the company to an end.The company was founded through the partnership of two film investors, Mario Kassar and Andrew Vajna. The two were hailed by Newsweek as some of the most successful independent producers. By the age of 25, Vajna went from wig-maker to the owner of two Hong Kong theaters. Then, Vajna ventured into the production and distribution of feature films. One of Vajna's early productions was a 1973 martial-arts film entitled The Deadly China Doll which made $3.7 million worldwide from a $100,000 budget.
<Alan_Dinehart>	Mason Alan Dinehart Sr. (born Harold Alan Dinehart; October 3, 1889 – July 18, 1944) was an American actor, director, writer, and stage manager.Dinehart initially studied to be a priest, but he turned to the theater instead. His first acting experience came at Missoula University in Montana. He was active in Vaudeville before moving into other areas of entertainment.
<AFC_Ajax>	Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈaːjɑks]), also known as AFC Ajax, Ajax Amsterdam, or simply Ajax, is a Dutch professional football club based in Amsterdam, that plays in the Eredivisiecode: nld promoted to code: nl , the top tier in Dutch football. Historically, Ajax (named after the legendary Greek hero) is the most successful club in the Netherlands, with 36 Eredivisie titlescode: nld promoted to code: nl  and 20 KNVB Cups. It has continuously played in the Eredivisiecode: nld promoted to code: nl , since the league's inception in 1956 and, along with Feyenoordcode: nld promoted to code: nl  and PSV Eindhovencode: nld promoted to code: nl , it is one of the country's "big three" clubs that have dominated that competition.Ajax was one of the most successful clubs in the world in the 20th century. According to the International Federation of Football History & Statistics, Ajax were the seventh-most successful European club of the 20th century and The World's Club Team of the Year in 1992. According to German magazine Kicker, Ajax were the second-most successful European club of the 20th century. The club is one of five teams that have earned the right to keep the European Cup and to wear a multiple-winner badge. In 1972, they completed the continental treble by winning the Eredivisiecode: nld promoted to code: nl , KNVB Cup, and the European Cup. They also won the first (albeit unofficial) European Super Cup against Rangers in January 1973. Ajax's most recent international trophies are the 1995 Intercontinental Cup, 1995 UEFA Super Cup and the 1995 Champions League, where they defeated Milan in the final; they lost the 1996 Champions League final on penalties to Juventus. In 1995, Ajax was crowned as World Team of the Year by World Soccer magazine.
<Ganbare!_Gian!!>	Nobita and the Winged Braves (ドラえもん のび太と翼の勇者たち, Doraemon Nobita to Tsubasa no Yūsha-tachi), also known as Doraemon and the Winged Warriors, is a 2001 Japanese animated science fiction adventure film which premiered in Taiwan on 8 March 2001, based on the 21st volume of the same name of the Doraemon Long Stories series. It's the 22nd Doraemon film. This is the first new millennium and new century-era Doraemon movie.After watching a televised showing about supposedly humanoid birds spotted in Africa, Nobita dreams of being able to fly with wings. He builds wooden wings after Doraemon refuses to help him, though he repeatedly fails to fly using them. While helping Shizuka to reclaim her pet canary, they witness a portal opens in the sky and a humanoid bird riding an airplane coming out. He introduces himself as Gusuke, a humanoid bird who lives in "Birdopia". Doraemon, Nobita, and Shizuka help Gusuke fix his airplane, where Nobita becomes fast friends with him. As Gusuke departs to his home, Gian and Suneo catch him and grab his plane. The other three follow them through the portal.
<WRRO>	WRRO (89.9 FM) is a non-commercial radio station which is licensed to Edon, Ohio, featuring a Catholic–based Christian format as a repeater station in the Annunciation Radio network. Owned by Our Lady of Guadalupe Radio, Inc. (d/b/a Annunciation Radio), the station serves Bryan, Ohio, and surrounding areas within the corner region of the Ohio, Indiana and Michigan state lines. WRRO was previously a sister station to WRDF, licensed in Columbia City, Indiana, and serving the Ft. Wayne market area.WRRO made its on-air premiere on Tuesday June 19, 2012 originally as a repeater of WLYV, 1450 AM in Fort Wayne, Indiana until June 2014 when Redeemer Radio programming moved to WRDF (formerly WHPP).WRRO is the fourth Catholic station to come on the air within the Roman Catholic Diocese of Toledo in Northwestern Ohio, the others being WJTA 88.9 FM licensed in Glandorf, based in Leipsic serving Ottawa, Findlay and portions of the Lima area and Annunciation Radio's owned stations WNOC licensed in Bowling Green serving Toledo and WHRQ in Sandusky.
<Dolly_Menga>	Dolly Domingos Menga (born 2 May 1993) is a Belgian-Angolan professional footballer, who plays as a forward for MCS Liège. He has played at international level for the Angola national team.On 30 August 2014, Menga signed for Portuguese champions Benfica until 2017. On 20 September, he made his debut for Benfica B, where he played 12 matches in Segunda Liga.
<Pierre_Claude_Nolin>	Pierre Claude Nolin (October 30, 1950 – April 23, 2015) was a Canadian politician and Senator. A prominent member of Conservative Party of Canada from 2004 till his death, he became an influential strongman in the Party's parliamentary caucus.Appointed to the Canadian senate on recommendation of Brian Mulroney on 1993, he was designated as speaker pro tempore in 2013 before being promoted to the office of Speaker of the Senate in November 2014. He held the office till his death on April 23, 2015.Nolin was born  in Montreal, Quebec, and attended the University of Ottawa.  He received a Degree in Law in 1975. In 1976, Nolin married Camille Desjardins, with whom he had three children, Simon, Louis and Virginie.
<Regiment_of_Women>	Regiment of Women is the debut novel of Winifred Ashton writing as Clemence Dane. First published in 1917, the novel has gained some notoriety due to its more or less veiled treatment of lesbian relationships inside and outside a school setting. It is said to have inspired Radclyffe Hall to write The Well of Loneliness."Regiment of women", which means "rule by women", are the final three words of the title of John Knox's polemical The First Blast of the Trumpet Against the Monstruous Regiment of Women (1558).
<Ian_Carnell>	Ian Gregory Carnell AM (born 24 October 1955) is an Australian public servant, who was Inspector-General of Intelligence and Security, responsible for oversight of Australia's intelligence agencies, from 2004 to 2010.Carnell was born in Melbourne, and moved to Queensland with his family where he attended Brisbane Grammar School and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Queensland. In 1977, he married Kate Carnell (née Frazer), who would later become Chief Minister of the Australian Capital Territory.
<Verree_Teasdale>	Verree Teasdale (March 15, 1903 – February 17, 1987) was an American actress born in Spokane, Washington.A second cousin of Edith Wharton, Teasdale attended Erasmus Hall High School in Brooklyn and trained as a stage actress at the New York School of Expression.Teasdale debuted on Broadway in the role of Augusta Winslow Martin in The Youngest (1924) and performed there regularly until 1932. After co-starring in Somerset Maugham's play The Constant Wife with Ethel Barrymore in 1926–1927, she was offered a film contract, and her first film, Syncopation, was released in 1929. Teasdale appeared older than her physical age, which enabled her to play bored society wives, scheming other women and second leads in comedies such as Roman Scandals (1933). In 1935, she played Hippolyta in A Midsummer Night's Dream.
<Sulamani>	Sulamani (April 9, 1999 – February 18, 2017) was an Irish-bred thoroughbred race horse who competed and won in Dubai, Europe and North America.A great-grandson of English Triple Crown champion, Nijinsky, he made his racing debut in April 2002 at age three and finished seventh. Racing in France, he went on to win the prestigious Prix du Jockey Club and was second in the 2002 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. After his Arc placing, he was purchased by Godolphin Racing.
<Vannevar_Bush_Award>	The National Science Board established the Vannevar Bush Award (/væˈniːvər/ van-NEE-vər) in 1980 to honor Vannevar Bush's unique contributions to public service. The annual award recognizes an individual who, through public service activities in science and technology, has made an outstanding "contribution toward the welfare of mankind and the Nation." The recipient of the award receives a bronze medal struck in the memory of Dr. Bush. Vannevar Bush (1890–1974) was a prominent scientist, adviser to US presidents, and the force behind the establishment of the National Science Foundation. In 1945, at the request of President Franklin D. Roosevelt, he wrote a famous essay entitled Science, the Endless Frontier which recommended that a foundation be established by the United States Congress to serve as a focal point for the USA Federal Government's support and encouragement of research and education in science and technology as well as the development of a national science policy. The legislation creating the National Science Foundation was signed by president Harry S. Truman on May 10, 1950.Source: National Science Board
<Mittag-Leffler_Institute>	Coordinates: 59°23′44″N 18°05′06″E﻿ / ﻿59.3956°N 18.0851°E﻿ / 59.3956; 18.0851The Mittag-Leffler Institute is a mathematical research institute located in Djursholm, a suburb of Stockholm. It invites scholars to participate in half-year programs in specialized mathematical subjects. The Institute is run by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences on behalf of research societies representing all the Scandinavian countries.The Institute's main building was originally the residence of Gösta Mittag-Leffler, who donated it along with his extensive mathematics library. At his death in 1927, however, Mittag-Leffler's fortune was insufficient to set up an active research institute, which began operation only in 1969 under the leadership of Lennart Carleson.
<Justin_Whitlock_Dart>	Justin Dart may refer to:
<Caroline_Blakiston>	Caroline Georgiana Blakiston (born 13 February 1933) is an English actress. She is best known in her native United Kingdom for her role in the television comedy series Brass, to international audiences as Mon Mothma in the Star Wars film Return of the Jedi, and Aunt Agatha in Poldark.Blakiston was born in London, the younger daughter of archivist—"the most widely known archivist of his generation in England"—and author Hugh Noel Blakiston (1905–1984), and (Rachel) Georgiana (1903–1995), daughter of barrister Harold John Hastings Russell (a descendant of the 6th Duke of Bedford) and Lady Victoria Alberta Leveson-Gower, whose father was the statesman Granville Leveson-Gower, 2nd Earl Granville. The Blakiston family originated in County Durham, and were related to the Blakiston baronets.
<Poppy_Z._Brite>	Billy Martin (born May 25, 1967), formerly Poppy Z. Brite, is an American author. He initially achieved fame in the gothic horror genre of literature in the early 1990s by publishing a string of successful novels and short story collections. He is best known for his novels Lost Souls (1992), Drawing Blood (1993), and Exquisite Corpse (1996). His later work moved into the genre of dark comedy, with many stories set in the New Orleans restaurant world. Martin's novels are typically standalone books but may feature recurring characters from previous novels and short stories. Much of his work features openly bisexual and gay characters.Martin is best known for writing gothic and horror novels and short stories. His trademarks include featuring gay men as main characters, graphic sexual descriptions, and an often wry treatment of gruesome events. Some of Martin's better known novels include Lost Souls (1992), Drawing Blood (1993), and the controversial serial killer novel Exquisite Corpse (1996); he has also released the short fiction collections Wormwood (originally published as Swamp Foetus; 1993), Are You Loathsome Tonight? (also published as Self-Made Man; 1998), Wrong Things (with Caitlin R. Kiernan; 2001), and The Devil You Know (2003). His "Calcutta: Lord of Nerves" was selected to represent the year 1992 in the story anthology The Century's Best Horror Fiction.
<Eiji_Sawamura_Award>	The Eiji Sawamura Award (沢村栄治賞, Sawamura Eiji-shō), commonly known as the Sawamura Award, is an honor bestowed upon the top starting pitcher in Nippon Professional Baseball each year.The award was originally established by Japanese magazine "Nekkyū" in 1947 to honor the career of Eiji Sawamura, a power pitcher who enjoyed an illustrious career for the Tokyo Giants before being killed in combat during World War II. It is a special award that is independent of the official Most Valuable Pitcher award that is presented to one pitcher in each league (Central and Pacific) each year.One starting pitcher in Nippon Professional Baseball is chosen at the end of each season based on the following selection criteria.
<CenturyLink>	Lumen Technologies, Inc. (formerly CenturyLink) is an American telecommunications company headquartered in Monroe, Louisiana, that offers communications, network services, security, cloud solutions, voice, and managed services. The company is a member of the S&P 500 index and the Fortune 500.  Its communications services include local and long-distance voice, broadband, Multi-Protocol Label Switching (MPLS), private line (including special access), Ethernet, hosting (including cloud hosting and managed hosting), data integration, video, network, public access, Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP), information technology, and other ancillary services. Lumen also serves global enterprise customers across North America, Latin America, EMEA (Europe, Middle East, and Africa), and Asia Pacific.The earliest predecessor of Lumen was the Oak Ridge Telephone Company in Oak Ridge, Louisiana, which was owned by F. E. Hogan, Sr. In 1930, Hogan sold the company, with 75 paid subscribers, to William Clarke and Marie Williams, for $500. They moved the switchboard to the Williams family front parlor. In 1946, the Williams' son, Clarke McRae Williams, received ownership of the family's telephone company as a wedding gift. In 1947, Clarke Williams learned the telephone company in Marion, Louisiana was for sale. With a loan from business associate Joe Sydney Carter, Clarke purchased the Marion Telephone Company and eventually made it his base of operation as he grew his company through more acquisitions. Lumen still maintains offices in the former headquarters building. The company remained as a family-operated business until it became incorporated in 1968.
<Archibald_Cox>	Archibald Cox Jr. (May 17, 1912 – May 29, 2004) was an American lawyer and law professor who served as U.S. Solicitor General under President John F. Kennedy and as a special prosecutor during the Watergate scandal. During his career, he was a pioneering expert on labor law and was also an authority on constitutional law. The Journal of Legal Studies has identified Cox as one of the most cited legal scholars of the 20th century.Cox was Senator John F. Kennedy's labor advisor and in 1961, President Kennedy appointed him solicitor general, an office he held for four and a half years. Cox became famous when, under mounting pressure and charges of corruption against persons closely associated with Richard Nixon, Attorney General nominee Elliot Richardson appointed him as Special Prosecutor to oversee the federal criminal investigation into the Watergate burglary and other related crimes that became popularly known as the Watergate scandal. He had a dramatic confrontation with Nixon when he subpoenaed the tapes the president had secretly recorded of his Oval Office conversations. When Cox refused a direct order from the White House to seek no further tapes or presidential materials, Nixon fired him in an incident that became known as the Saturday Night Massacre. Cox's firing produced a public relations disaster for Nixon and set in motion impeachment proceedings which ended with Nixon stepping down from the presidency.Cox returned to teaching, lecturing, and writing for the rest of his life, giving his opinions on the role of the Supreme Court in the development of the law and the role of the lawyer in society. Although he was recommended to President Jimmy Carter for a seat on the First Circuit Court of Appeals, Cox's nomination fell victim to the dispute between the president and Senator Ted Kennedy. He was appointed to head several public-service, watchdog and good-government organizations, including serving for 12 years as head of Common Cause. Cox was elected to the Common Cause National Governing Board in 1976 and 1997. In addition, he argued two important Supreme Court cases, winning both in part: one concerning the constitutionality of federal campaign finance restrictions (Buckley v. Valeo) and the other the leading early case testing affirmative action (Regents of the University of California v. Bakke).
<Tegan_Jovanka>	Tegan Jovanka is a fictional character played by Janet Fielding in the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who. An Australian airline stewardess and a native of Brisbane who was a companion of the Fourth and Fifth Doctors, she was a regular in the programme from 1981 to 1984. Tegan appeared in 20 stories (65 episodes).According to producer John Nathan-Turner, when he was thinking of a name for the character, it was either going to be Tegan, after his partner's niece in Australia, or Jovanka, after Jovanka Broz, the widow of Yugoslavian President Josip Broz Tito, so he wrote both down on a piece of paper. Script editor Christopher H. Bidmead mistakenly believed that Jovanka was the character's last name rather than an alternative, and so christened her Tegan Jovanka.[citation needed]
<Mike_Flanagan_(director)>	Mike Flanagan (born May 20, 1978) is an American filmmaker and partner in Intrepid Pictures. Flanagan is best known for his work in horror films and television series, which has attracted the praise of critics for his directing and lack of reliance on jump scares. Stephen King, Quentin Tarantino, and William Friedkin, among others, have praised him.Flanagan is best known for his horror films, all of which he directed, wrote, and edited, including Absentia (2011), Oculus (2013), Hush, Before I Wake, Ouija: Origin of Evil (all 2016), Gerald's Game (2017), and Doctor Sleep (2019). He is also known for having created, produced, and served as showrunner on the Netflix supernatural horror anthology series The Haunting which consists of The Haunting of Hill House (2018), a season based on Shirley Jackson's novel of the same name and The Haunting of Bly Manor (2020), a season based on the horror novella The Turn of the Screw by Henry James, both of which he has directed, written, and edited episodes of. Flanagan also created and directed the Netflix horror mini-series Midnight Mass (2021), as well as the teen horror series The Midnight Club and The Fall of the House of Usher. 
<Poste_italiane>	Poste Italiane S.p.A. is the Italian postal service provider. Besides providing postal services, Italian Post Group offers communication, postal savings products, logistics, and financial and insurance services throughout Italy.Law no. 604 of 5 May 1862 (the so-called Postal reform) created a national and centralised organisation for postal service by introducing a general fee to pay for services, including postal stamps, throughout the entire territory of the newly formed kingdom of Italy. Subsequently, with Royal Decree 5973 of 10 March 1889, the Directorate General of Posts and Telegraphs was separated from the Ministry of Public Works and thus turned into the Ministry of Posts and Telegraphs. It was commissioned to create a network of offices in Italy to forward and receive mail and telegrams, make and receive telephone calls, carry out financial transactions, and manage assets. It also worked as a branch office for the nascent electric services for a time.
<Song_of_Kali>	Song of Kali is a horror novel by American writer Dan Simmons, published in 1985. It was the winner of the 1986 World Fantasy Award. The story deals with an American intellectual who travels to Calcutta, where he becomes embroiled in mysterious and horrific events at the centre of which lies a cult of Kapalikas that worships Kali.Robert Luczak is sent by the American literary magazine Other Voices, where he works as an editor, to Calcutta to locate poetry alleged to have been recently authored by a legendary poet, M. Das.  The literary world considers this development newsworthy because Das disappeared and is presumed to have died eight years ago.  Robert's Indian wife, Amrita, and their infant child, Victoria, accompany him on his assignment.Upon arriving, he is met by a Mr. M. T. Krishna, a local intellectual who claims to have been asked to assist them by a mutual friend. The next day Robert meets with the local writers guild who were the source of the few bits of poetry that made their way to America. When he asks to meet Das, he is told this is impossible. Robert considers leaving Calcutta at this point, his duty done, but feels that he doesn't yet have enough material for an interesting article. The night before he and his family are to leave, Krishna returns and takes Robert to a man who can provide him with information relevant to his story.
<Studs_Terkel>	Louis "Studs" Terkel (May 16, 1912 – October 31, 2008) was an American writer, historian, actor, and broadcaster. He received the Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction in 1985 for The Good War and is best remembered for his oral histories of common Americans, and for hosting a long-running radio show in Chicago.Terkel was born to Russian Jewish immigrants, Samuel Terkel, a tailor, and Anna (Annie) Finkel, a seamstress, in New York City. At the age of eight, he moved with his family to Chicago, Illinois, where he spent most of his life. He had two brothers, Meyer (1905–1958) and Ben (1907–1965).  He attended McKinley High School.
<Juerg_Neuenschwander>	Juerg Neuenschwander (born 1953) is a Swiss independent documentary film director, film producer, politician and founding member of Container TV AG for film and television in Bern, Switzerland. He is a media consultant and lecturer in film and audiovisual design; director of short and feature-length documentary films, of artistic projects and interactive Multimedia productions.Documentary filmsJuerg Neuenschwander has made a name for himself with cinematic documentaries such as früher oder später (sooner or later), Kräuter und Kräfte (The Power of Healing), and Q – Begegnungen auf der Milchstrasse (Encounters on the Milky Way).He developed and directed a community TV project in Bern's Tscharnergut neighbourhood. He worked on location in Bangladesh, Bolivia, Burkina Faso, China (Tibet), Mali, Nepal, Switzerland and the US.
<Nikki_(Barbie)>	Nicole "Nikki" O'Neil (also known as Nikki Watkins) is a Mattel fashion doll, marketed as one of Barbie's best friends. Her character debuted in 1996 as part of the "Teen Skipper" line. Nikki was originally released as the younger sister of Christie, one of Barbie's former best friends, and was Skipper's first African American friend. Since 2005, she has replaced Christie as one of Barbie's friends. Nikki debuted as one of Barbie's best friends in the Beach Fun Line and later in Fashion Fever Line. Since then, Nikki has been featured in several Barbie doll series.In the trade paperbacks, Nikki is featured in "A Surprise for a Friend".With a new addition of friends for Barbie (Teresa is the only remaining character with Midge, Ken, and Steven) Nikki, along Summer, Raquelle, Ryan, and Blaine, is one of Barbie’s closest friends. She is featured in various Barbie movies and the Life in the Dreamhouse web series. She also appears as "Artsy" in Mattel's Barbie: Fashionistas line of dolls.
<Sins_of_My_Father_(film)>	Sins of My Father (Spanish: Pecados de mi padre) is a 2009 Argentine-Colombian documentary film directed by Nicolas Entel. It tells the story of the notorious drug lord Pablo Escobar from the inside perspective of his son, now living in Argentina under the name Sebastián Marroquín.In 1993, after Pablo Escobar is gunned down by the police, his then 16-year-old son Juan Pablo flees to Argentina together with his mother and sister. To avoid being identified and in fear of his life he changes his name to Sebastián Marroquín. "My life was worth $4 million ... That’s the price they put on my head," he said.After a decade of silence, Marroquín and his mother publicly speak about the life of their family member for the first time. In an attempt to end the cycle of violence and to ask for forgiveness Marroquín travels to Colombia to meet the sons of two of his father's most prominent murder victims: presidential candidate Luis Carlos Galán and Minister of Justice Rodrigo Lara Bonilla, as well as the son of the former Colombian president César Gaviria.
<Aerojet>	Aerojet was an American rocket and missile propulsion manufacturer based primarily in Rancho Cordova, California, with divisions in Redmond, Washington, Orange and Gainesville in Virginia, and Camden, Arkansas. Aerojet was owned by GenCorp. In 2013, Aerojet was merged by GenCorp with the former Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne to form Aerojet Rocketdyne.Aerojet developed from a 1936 meeting hosted by Theodore von Kármán at his home. Joining von Kármán, who was at the time director of Guggenheim Aeronautical Laboratory at the California Institute of Technology, were a number of Caltech professors and students, including rocket scientist and astrophysicist Fritz Zwicky and explosives expert Jack Parsons, all of whom were interested in the topic of spaceflight. The group continued to occasionally meet, but its activities were limited to discussions rather than experimentation.Their first design was tested on August 16, 1941, consisting of a small cylindrical solid-fuel motor attached to the bottom of a plane. Takeoff distance was shortened by half, and the USAAF placed an order for experimental production versions.
<Apollon_Limassol>	Apollon Limassol FC (Greek: Απόλλων Λεμεσού, Apollon Lemesou) is a Cypriot sports club, based in Limassol. It has football, basketball and volleyball teams. Founded in 1954, Apollon FC currently plays in the Cypriot First Division and has won the championship title four times, the cup nine times and the Super Cup four times.At the end of 1953, a team of young men placed as a dream and objective, the foundation of an association with national and athletic aims based on promoting the education and social skills of its young members. On 14 April 1954, the general assembly of these members with leader Mr Christakis Pavlides proposes the foundation of an athletic association called "APOLLON LIMASSOL".The assembly approved the proposal and thus from that date "APOLLON was born". The first administrative council of the team included: Charalambos Lymbourides (Secretary), Andreas Psyllides (Cashier), Antonakis Fourlas (Adviser), Melis Charalampous (Adviser), Andreas Theoharous (Adviser) Andreas Aggelopoulos (Adviser) and Kostas Panayiotou (Adviser).[citation needed]
<Theresa_May>	Theresa Mary May, Lady May (/təˈriːzə/; née Brasier; born 1 October 1956) is a British politician who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and Leader of the Conservative Party from 2016 to 2019. She previously served in David Cameron's cabinet as Home Secretary from 2010 to 2016, and has been Member of Parliament (MP) for Maidenhead in Berkshire since 1997. May is the UK's second female prime minister after Margaret Thatcher, and is the first woman to hold two of the Great Offices of State, the second being Liz Truss. Ideologically, May identifies herself as a one-nation conservative.
<Mercedes-Benz_W108>	The Mercedes-Benz W108 and W109 are luxury cars produced by Mercedes-Benz from 1965 through to 1972 (or 1973 in North America). The line was an upgrade of the Mercedes-Benz W114/W115, to succeed the W111 and W112 fintail sedans. The cars were successful in West Germany and in export markets including North America and Southeast Asia. During the seven-year run, a total of 383,361 units were manufactured.Since the W108 and W109 were only available as 4-door models, similarly squarish 2-door W111 and W112 coupés and cabriolets, without pronounced tailfins, filled those niches and are frequently mistaken for W108/109 two-doors.
<Kayf_Tara>	Kayf Tara (18 March 1994 – 8 December 2022) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.Kayf Tara was bred in England by the Meon Valley Stud. His dam Colorspin won the Irish Oaks and had previously produced the multiple Group One winner Opera House. He was owned by Ahmed Al Maktoum before being transferred to the ownership of Godolphin Racing.
<Arliss_Howard>	Leslie Richard "Arliss" Howard (born October 18, 1954) is an American actor, screenwriter, and film director. He is known for his roles in the films Full Metal Jacket (1987), Tequila Sunrise (1988), The Lost World: Jurassic Park (1997), The Time Traveler's Wife (2009), Moneyball (2011), and Mank (2020).Howard was born in Independence, Missouri. He has a sister, Joy Howard, and two younger brothers, Jim and Kip. He graduated from Truman High School and Columbia College.Howard established his career with roles in the films Full Metal Jacket, Men Don't Leave, Ruby, and Natural Born Killers. He was nominated for two CableACE Awards for his roles in the television films Somebody Has to Shoot the Picture and The Man Who Captured Eichmann, winning for the former.[citation needed]
<An_Obedient_Father>	An Obedient Father is a 2000 novel by Akhil Sharma. It received the 2001 Hemingway Foundation/PEN Award and Whiting Writers' Award. Set during the assassination of Indian Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi, the story is about a corrupt and loathsome bag man who lives with his daughter and granddaughter in a New Delhi slum. The novel started as a short story that was previously published.In his interview for the Paris Review's series "My First Time", Sharma described creating his main character as "looking for someone who was guilty appropriately... There's that Henry James quote that 'it doesn't matter if a character is good or bad, it matters if the character is interesting.' So that's how I began to figure how to write about someone like (the main character)."In July 2022, McNally Editions published a considerably revised, shorter edition of the novel, with a very different ending.
<Carlo_Wieth>	Carlo Rossini Wieth (born Carl Andersen; 11 December 1885 – 30 June 1943) was a Danish stage and film actor whose career began at the turn of the 20th-century and lasted until his death in 1943.Wieth was born as Carl Andersen in Copenhagen to Marius Hans Lindegaard Andersen, who was a judge, and his wife Jacobine Kirstine Wieth Andersen. He would begin his acting career after adding an "o" to his given name of Carl and taking his mother's maiden name. He was educated at the Royal Danish Theatre from 1903 to 1905 and made his stage debut in 1905. He was an actor at the Danish Royal Theatre from 1905 to 1907, 1908 to 1909 and again from 1923 to 1943.From 1907 to 1908 and 1909 to 1910, he was engaged as an actor at the Dagmar Theatre, from 1911 to 1922 at the Folketeatret, and spent a year at the Betty Nansen Teatret beginning in 1922 before traveling abroad.
<Ernst_Rolf>	Ernst Ragnar Johansson (20 January 1891– 25 December  1932), professionally known as Ernst Rolf was a Swedish actor, singer and composer and musical revue artist. Rolf was born in Falun in the Swedish province of Dalarna, where his father was a tailor and member of the temperance movement. His musical talent was evident from the start when even as a young child he performed at IOGT meetings. He would sing while his older brother Birger played the piano.In 1906 Rolf found work at the Åhlén & Holm mail order company in Insjön, Dalarna. He made his stage debut in a performance of The Wizard of Oz, playing Dorothy in an all-male cast. In 1907 he began touring the country as a singer and comedian, quickly becoming one of Sweden's most famous and successful entertainers.During the 1920s Rolf was known for producing revues that were acclaimed for their dazzling sets, first class actors and stirring music. He was also a lyricist and composer, who wrote, for instance, the words to Finska Valsen (The Finnish Waltz) and the music for Från Frisco Till Cap (From Frisco to the Cape). He recorded his first song in 1910 and throughout his career made over eight hundred recordings. He acted in a number of films as well.
<Peter_Ustinov>	Sir Peter Alexander Ustinov CBE FRSA (born Peter Alexander Freiherr von Ustinov /ˈ(j)uːstɪnɒf/; 16 April 1921 – 28 March 2004) was a British actor, filmmaker and writer. An internationally known raconteur, he was a fixture on television talk shows and lecture circuits for much of his career. An intellectual and diplomat, he held various academic posts and served as a goodwill ambassador for UNICEF and president of the World Federalist Movement.Ustinov was the winner of numerous awards during his life, including two Academy Awards for Best Supporting Actor, Emmy Awards, Golden Globes, and BAFTA Awards for acting, and a Grammy Award for best recording for children, as well as the recipient of governmental honours from, amongst others, the United Kingdom, France, and Germany. He also displayed a unique cultural versatility which frequently earned him the accolade of a Renaissance man. Miklós Rózsa, composer of the music for Quo Vadis and of numerous concert works, dedicated his String Quartet No. 1, Op. 22 (1950) to Ustinov.
<Richard_Quine>	Richard Quine (November 12, 1920 – June 10, 1989) was an American director, actor, and singer.He began acting as a child in radio, vaudeville, and stage productions before being signed to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in his early twenties. When his acting career began to wane after World War II, Quine began working as a film director. He later moved into producing and directing television. Quine's films as director include Bell, Book and Candle (1958), The World of Suzie Wong (1960), Paris When It Sizzles (1964), How to Murder Your Wife (1965), and The Prisoner of Zenda (1979).
<Warner_Bros._Records>	Warner Records Inc. (formerly Warner Bros. Records Inc.) is an American record label.  A subsidiary of the Warner Music Group, it is headquartered in Los Angeles, California. It was founded on March 19, 1958, as the recorded music division of the American film studio Warner Bros.Artists who have recorded for Warner Records include  Madonna, Prince, Cher, Devo, The B-52s, Frank Sinatra, Joni Mitchell, Van Halen, Alice Cooper, Kylie Minogue, Goo Goo Dolls, Tom Petty, Sheryl Crow, Gorillaz, Adam Lambert, Bette Midler, Grateful Dead, Jane's Addiction, Blur, Duran Duran, Deep Purple, Fleetwood Mac, Liam Gallagher, James Taylor, Lily Allen, JoJo, Linkin Park, Muse, George Benson, Nile Rodgers, Black Sabbath, Red Hot Chili Peppers, The Black Keys, My Chemical Romance, Tevin Campbell, Mac Miller, Dua Lipa, Bebe Rexha, R.E.M., and Sex Pistols.
<Trust_Me,_I'm_Lying>	Trust Me, I'm Lying: Confessions of a Media Manipulator is a book by Ryan Holiday. The book chronicles Holiday's time working as a media strategist for clients including authors Tucker Max and Robert Greene as well as American Apparel founder Dov Charney.Trust Me, I'm Lying was billed as an exposé of the  online journalism system that rose to prominence in the decade before the book's 2012 publication. Holiday is the former Director of Marketing for American Apparel, where he created controversial campaigns that garnered widespread publicity. Holiday has also done publicity work for Tucker Max, including marketing for the movie version of I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell and a media stunt about Max's failed attempt to donate $500,000 to Planned Parenthood.
<Mary_Ritter_Beard>	Mary Ritter Beard (August 5, 1876 – August 14, 1958) was an American historian, author, women's suffrage activist, and women's history archivist who was also a lifelong advocate of social justice. As a Progressive Era reformer, Beard was active in both the labor and women's rights movements. She also authored several books on women's role in history including On Understanding Women (1931), America Through Women's Eyes (editor, 1933), and Woman as Force in History: A Study in Traditions and Realities (1946), her major work. In addition, she collaborated with her husband, historian Charles Austin Beard, as coauthor of seven textbooks, most notably The Rise of American Civilization (1927), two volumes, and America in Midpassage: A Study of the Idea of Civilization (1939) and The American Spirit (1942), the third and fourth volume of The Rise of American Civilization series. A standalone book, Basic History of the United States, was their best-selling work.During the early decades of the twentieth century, Beard actively supported passage of the Nineteenth Amendment and was involved with several women's suffrage organizations that included the Women's Trade Union League, the Equality League of Self-Supporting Women (later renamed the Women's Political Union), the New York City Suffrage Party, and the Wage-Earners' Suffrage League. She was also a member of the advisory board of the Congressional Union for Woman Suffrage (later called the National Woman's Party. For a time, she edited suffrage publications, The Woman Voter and The Suffragist.Beard's interest in women's history led to her work in establishing the World Center for Women's Archives in 1935 in New York City. Although the center closed in 1940, largely due to internal issues and lack of funding, her efforts encouraged several colleges and universities to begin collecting similar records on women's history. Beard was a consultant on the early development of women's history archives at Radcliffe and Smith Colleges, which eventually led to establishment of the Arthur and Elizabeth Schlesinger Library on the History of Women in America at Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study, Harvard University, and the Sophia Smith Collection at Smith College.
<Busan>	Busan (Korean pronunciation: [pu.sa̠n]), officially known as Busan Metropolitan City, is South Korea's most populous city after Seoul, with a population of over 3.4 million inhabitants. Formerly romanized as Pusan, it is the economic, cultural and educational center of southeastern South Korea, with its port being Korea's busiest and the sixth-busiest in the world. The surrounding "Southeastern Maritime Industrial Region" (including Ulsan, South Gyeongsang, Daegu, and some of North Gyeongsang and South Jeolla) is South Korea's largest industrial area.Busan is divided into 15 major administrative districts and a single county, together housing a population of approximately 3.6 million. The full metropolitan area, the Southeastern Maritime Industrial Region, has a population of approximately 8 million. The most densely built-up areas of the city are situated in a number of narrow valleys between the Nakdong and the Suyeong Rivers, with mountains separating most of the districts. The Nakdong is Korea's longest river and Busan's Haeundae Beach is also the country's largest.
<Tony_Young_(actor)>	Carleton Leonard Young (June 28, 1937 – February 26, 2002) was an American film and television actor. He was known for playing Cord in the American western television series Gunslinger.Young was born in New York, the son of Barbara Davis and Carleton G. Young, a film, radio and television actor. He and his family moved to Hollywood, California in 1943. Young attended University High School, Fairfax High School, and Los Angeles City College, where he learned about drama and play management. He served in the United States Air Force.While serving, Young worked for the American Forces Network, as he directed, produced and wrote for the broadcast service. After being discharged, he was under contract for the 20th Century Studios. Young also attended acting coach and actor Ben Bard's drama school for which he worked on jobs such as a parcel packer and parking enforcement officer to pay his tuition. He began his career in 1959, appearing in the western television series Fury. Young also played Cabot in the 1960 film Walk Like a Dragon, which was his film debut.
<Melanie_Griffith>	Melanie Richards Griffith (born August 9, 1957) is an American actress. She began her career in the 1970s, appearing in several independent thriller films before achieving mainstream success in the mid-1980s.
<Alfred_Laliberté>	Alfred Laliberté RCA (19 May 1877 – 13 January 1953) was a French-Canadian sculptor and painter based in Montreal. His output includes more than 900 sculptures in bronze, marble, wood, and plaster. Many of his sculptures depict national figures and events in Canada and France such as Louis Hébert, François-Xavier-Antoine Labelle, Adam Dollard des Ormeaux, and the Lower Canada Rebellion. Although he produced hundreds of paintings as well, he is chiefly remembered for his work as a sculptor.Born in Sainte-Élisabeth-de-Warwick, Quebec, in the district of Arthabaska, Laliberté was the son of Joseph Laliberté, a farmer, and Marie Richard. From an early age he began learning the agricultural trade and he initially intended on working in the family business. He began sculpting as a hobby at the age of 15. His work drew the attention of the Honourable Wilfrid Laurier who encouraged him to enter the Conseil des arts et manufactures (CAM) in Montreal. It was largely through Laurier's attention that Laliberté earned his father's approval to enter the CAM in 1896. In 1888 he won first prize at the Québec City Provincial Exhibition for his life size sculpture of Laurier.
<Duncombe_Park>	Duncombe Park is the seat of the Duncombe family who previously held the Earldom of Feversham.  The title became extinct on the death of the 3rd Earl in 1963, since when the family have continued to hold the title Baron Feversham. The park is situated one mile south-west of Helmsley, North Yorkshire, England and stands in 300 acres (120 ha) of parkland. The estate has a commanding location above deeply incised meanders of the River Rye within the North York Moors National Park.The house was completed in 1713 for Thomas Duncombe (born Thomas Brown) to designs by the Yorkshire gentleman-architect William Wakefield. It was remodelled in 1843 by Sir Charles Barry. In 1879 the main block was gutted by fire and remained a ruin until 1895 when rebuilding was carried out by William Young. The reconstruction was based on the original design, though there were changes made, especially in the interior layout to meet contemporary needs. It is of two storeys with a basement and attic.
<Samir_Das>	Samir R. Das is an Indian-American Stony Brook University professor who attended Jadavpur University and Indian Institute of Science. He was also associated with Indian Statistical Institute in Kolkata. He obtained his Ph.D. from the Georgia Institute of Technology. He was former faculty in University of Texas at San Antonio and University of Cincinnati where he conducted research in computer science particularly in wireless networking. As of 2017 his work Ad hoc on-demand distance vector (AODV) was cited over 26,000+ times. Many of his research works are highly cited, giving him an h-index of 54.
<William_H._Bates>	William Henry Bates (April 26, 1917 – June 22, 1969) was a member of the United States House of Representatives notable for his staunch support of the United States Navy.Bates was born in Salem, Massachusetts, the son of Nora (Jennings) and Representative George J. Bates of the 6th Massachusetts Congressional District, who also served as Salem's mayor. He attended local schools and graduated from Worcester Academy in 1936.  He received his undergraduate education at Brown University, Providence, R.I., graduating in 1940.  Following graduation from Brown, he enlisted in the United States Navy in July 1940 and was commissioned as ensign in the Naval Reserve on January 30, 1941.  Bates then received instruction at the Naval Reserve Supply Officer's School at the Naval Medical Center, Washington, DC, before serving successive tours of duty at the Washington Navy Yard and in Constellation (IX-20).
<Jero_Miñarro>	Jerónimo "Jero" Miñarro Navarro (born 19 September 1977) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender.Born in Lorca, Region of Murcia, Jero began his senior career with Valencia CF's reserves at the age of 19, never appearing officially for the first team. Subsequently, he moved to Segunda División and joined Rayo Vallecano, only playing twice during the season as the Madrid club promoted to La Liga.
<Roger_Hall_(playwright)>	Sir Roger Leighton Hall KNZM QSO (born 17 January 1939) is one of New Zealand's most successful playwrights, arguably best known for comedies that carry a vein of social criticism and feelings of pathos.Hall was born in Woodford, Essex, England, and educated at London's University College School from 1952 until 1955, when he embarked on a career in insurance. He emigrated to New Zealand in 1957 and continued to work in insurance, also performing in amateur theatre in the city of Wellington. He continued to act while attending Wellington Teachers’ College and Victoria University of Wellington; fellow actor John Clarke praised his impression of then Prime Minister Keith Holyoake as the template for all others. Hall began writing plays for children while teaching, which included a spell at Berhampore School, Wellington. He became a naturalised New Zealander in 1980.
<George_L._Harrison>	George Leslie Harrison (January 26, 1887 – March 5, 1958) was an American banker, insurance executive and advisor to Secretary of War Henry L. Stimson during World War II.Harrison was born in San Francisco, California on January 26, 1887. In 1909, at Yale, he was elected to the Skull and Bones secret society.  He was graduated from Yale University in 1910 and Harvard Law School in 1913.After earning his law degree, Harrison became law clerk for one year to U.S. Supreme Court Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes.
<Nina_Wayne>	Nina Rae Wayne is an American actress.In her hometown of Chicago, Wayne began taking ballet lessons when she was three years old, and at age 6 she began taking classes in skating. She and her sister performed for the Ice Capades as The Wayne Sisters. That act ended when her sister fell. Wayne stayed with the show for a year as a solo performer, after which she left and became a dancer. She danced in Las Vegas for three years and then the Latin Quarter hired her.She first appeared on The Tonight Show in October 1964. Wayne, the younger sister of fellow actress Carol Wayne, started working in television in 1965, appearing in 12 episodes of the series Camp Runamuck (as Caprice Yeudleman) and in an episode of Bewitched.
<Henrik_Ibsen>	Henrik Johan Ibsen (/ˈɪbsən/; Norwegian: [ˈhɛ̀nrɪk ˈɪ̀psn̩]; 20 March 1828 – 23 May 1906) was a Norwegian playwright and theatre director. As one of the founders of modernism in theatre, Ibsen is often referred to as "the father of realism" and one of the most influential playwrights of his time. His major works include Brand, Peer Gynt, An Enemy of the People, Emperor and Galilean, A Doll's House, Hedda Gabler, Ghosts, The Wild Duck, When We Dead Awaken, Rosmersholm, and The Master Builder. Ibsen is the most frequently performed dramatist in the world after Shakespeare, and A Doll's House was the world's most performed play in 2006.Ibsen's early poetic and cinematic[clarification needed] play Peer Gynt has strong surreal elements. After Peer Gynt Ibsen abandoned verse and wrote in realistic prose. Several of his later dramas were considered scandalous to many of his era, when European theatre was expected to model strict morals of family life and propriety. Ibsen's later work examined the realities that lay behind the façades, revealing much that was disquieting to a number of his contemporaries. He had a critical eye and conducted a free inquiry into the conditions of life and issues of morality. In many critics' estimates The Wild Duck and Rosmersholm are "vying with each other as rivals for the top place among Ibsen's works"; Ibsen himself regarded Emperor and Galilean as his masterpiece.
<Lorraine_Bracco>	Lorraine Bracco (born October 2, 1954) is an American actress. Known for her distinct husky voice and Brooklyn accent, she has been nominated for an Academy Award, four Emmy Awards, four Golden Globe Awards, and three Screen Actors Guild Awards.Born in New York City, Bracco began her career modeling in France and began appearing in Italian-language films in the 1980s, including Lina Wertmüller's Camorra (1986), which featured Bracco's then-partner Harvey Keitel. Bracco's English-language debut came in The Pick-Up Artist (1987), which was followed by roles in Someone to Watch Over Me (1987), Sing (1989), and The Dream Team (1989). Her breakthrough role was that of Karen Hill, wife of mob associate Henry Hill, in Martin Scorsese's Goodfellas (1990), for which she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress and the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress – Motion Picture.
<Mary_Peach>	Mary Peach (born 20 October 1934) is a South African-born British film and television actress, who was married to the screenwriter and director Jimmy Sangster until his death in 2011.Peach was born in Durban. After being nominated for a BAFTA Award as most promising newcomer for the 1959 film Room at the Top, she went on to appear on many British films and television series over the next 25 years. She starred opposite Rock Hudson in the film A Gathering of Eagles and in 1970 she appeared in the film Scrooge, a musical version of Dickens' A Christmas Carol starring Albert Finney.
<C.D._Feirense>	Clube Desportivo Feirense, commonly known as CD Feirense or just Feirense, is a Portuguese football club based in Santa Maria da Feira. Founded on 18 March 1918, Feirense play in the LigaPro, the second tier of Portuguese football. Their chairman is Kunle Soname and their manager is Filipe Martins. The club plays its home matches at the Estádio Marcolino de Castro, with a capacity of 5,500 spectators.Founded in 1918, Feirense played only three Primeira Liga seasons in the 20th century – 1962–63, 1977–78 and 1989–90 – being relegated in each one. In 2009–10, the club came close to ending a two-decade exile but missed out on the last day, as local rivals S.C. Beira-Mar went up with Portimonense SC.
<Pinocchio_(1940_film)>	Pinocchio is a 1940 American animated musical fantasy film produced by Walt Disney Productions and based on the 1883 Italian children's novel The Adventures of Pinocchio by Carlo Collodi. It was the second animated feature film produced by Disney, made after the first animated success Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937).The plot involves an old Italian woodcarver named Geppetto who carves a wooden puppet named Pinocchio and wishes that he might be a real boy. The puppet is brought to life by a blue fairy, who informs him that he can become a real boy if he proves himself to be "brave, truthful, and unselfish". The key character of Jiminy Cricket, who takes the role of Pinocchio's conscience, attempts to guide Pinocchio in matters of right and wrong. Pinocchio's efforts to become a real boy involve encounters with a host of unsavory characters, representing the temptations and consequences of wrongdoing.
<Sam_Edwards_(physicist)>	Sir Samuel Frederick Edwards FRS FLSW (1 February 1928 – 7 May 2015) was a Welsh physicist.The Sam Edwards Medal and Prize is named in his honour.Edwards was born on 1 February 1928 in Swansea, Wales, the son of Richard and Mary Jane Edwards.He was educated at the Bishop Gore School, Swansea, and Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge, the University of Manchester, and at Harvard University, in the United States. He wrote his thesis under Julian Schwinger on the structure of the electron, and subsequently developed the functional integral form of field theory.
<China>	China, officially the People's Republic of China (PRC), is a country in East Asia. It is the world's most populous country, with a population exceeding 1.4 billion, slightly ahead of India. China spans the equivalent of five time zones and borders fourteen countries by land, the most of any country in the world, tied with Russia. Covering an area of approximately 9.6 million square kilometers (3,700,000 sq mi), it is the world's third largest country by total land area. The country consists of 22 provinces, five autonomous regions, four municipalities, and two Special Administrative Regions (Hong Kong and Macau). The national capital is Beijing, and the most populous city and financial center is Shanghai.Modern Chinese trace their origins to a cradle of civilization in the fertile basin of the Yellow River in the North China Plain. The semi-legendary Xia dynasty in the 21st century BCE and the well-attested Shang and Zhou dynasties developed a bureaucratic political system to serve hereditary monarchies, or dynasties. Chinese writing, Chinese classic literature, and the Hundred Schools of Thought emerged during this period and influenced China and its neighbors for centuries to come. In the third century BCE, Qin's wars of unification created the first Chinese empire, the short-lived Qin dynasty. The Qin was followed by the more stable Han dynasty (206 BCE – 220 CE), which established a model for nearly two millennia in which the Chinese empire was one of the world's foremost economic powers. The empire expanded, fractured and re-unified, was conquered and reestablished, absorbed foreign religions and ideas, and made world-leading scientific advances, such as the Four Great Inventions: gunpowder, paper, the compass, and printing. After centuries of disunion following the fall of the Han, the Sui (581–618) and Tang (618–907) dynasties reunified the empire. The multi-ethnic Tang welcomed foreign trade and culture that came over the Silk Road and adapted Buddhism to Chinese needs. The early modern Song dynasty (960–1279) became increasingly urban and commercial. The civilian scholar-official or literati used the examination system and  the doctrines of Neo-Confucianism to replace the military aristocrats of earlier dynasties. The Mongol invasion established the Yuan dynasty in 1279, but the Ming dynasty (1368–1644) re-established Han Chinese control. The Manchu-led Qing dynasty nearly doubled the empire's territory and established a multi-ethnic state that was the basis of the modern Chinese nation, but suffered heavy losses to foreign imperialism in the 19th century.
<Jerry_Blackwell>	Jerry Blackwell (April 26, 1949 – January 22, 1995) was an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name "Crusher" Jerry Blackwell. Blackwell competed in the 1979 World's Strongest Man contest, but withdrew early in the competition due to an injury. He was a main event star in the American Wrestling Association where he feuded with Mad Dog Vachon, Hulk Hogan, The Crusher, Bruiser Brody and Sheik Adnan Al-Kaissey.Nicknamed the "Mountain from Stone Mountain", "Crusher" Jerry Blackwell began his career in the 1970s. Despite his considerable bulk, Blackwell was quite nimble and a gifted worker, able to throw a standing dropkick and take bumps in the ring. In 1976, he wrestled in Pennsylvania, where he faced such wrestlers as Dominic DeNucci and Ivan Putski; in the latter match, he was disqualified for using brass knuckles against his opponent. He competed in the World Wide Wrestling Federation (WWWF) in 1978. He defeated such wrestlers as Larry Zbyszko, Dominic DeNucci and S.D. Jones but was unsuccessful in matches against high-profile stars such as André the Giant and WWF Champion Bob Backlund.In the 1980s, Blackwell settled in the AWA, where he became a main event star and feuded with Mad Dog Vachon, Hulk Hogan, and the "Crusher" Reginald Lisowski. Blackwell was tagged as the "Rattlesnake", given for his quick speed and aggression, a nickname which later in the 1990s was bestowed upon Steve Austin. After a bloody, unsuccessful feud with the Crusher, Blackwell dropped his "Crusher" moniker and eventually joined forces with hated AWA manager Sheik Adnan Al-Kaissey in 1983, wore Arab garments, and formed a successful tag team with Ken Patera known as the Sheiks. The Sheiks feuded with Verne Gagne, as well as the High Flyers (Greg Gagne and "Jumpin" Jim Brunzell) over the AWA world tag team title. The Sheiks beat the High Flyers for the tag team titles and remained champions for eleven months before being dethroned by the Crusher and Baron von Raschke.
<Terra_Nostra_(novel)>	Terra Nostra is a 1975 novel by the Mexican writer Carlos Fuentes. The narrative covers 20 centuries of European and American culture, and prominently features the construction of El Escorial by Philip II. The title is Latin for "Our earth". The novel received the Xavier Villaurrutia Award in 1976 and the Rómulo Gallegos Prize in 1977.Terra Nostra is divided into three parts, "The Old World", "The New World" and "The Next World" (it has been pointed out that the title of "The Next World" is mistranslated to English, and should be "The Other World"). Most of the book takes place in and around the unfinished El Escorial in the 16th century. Its main character is King Felipe II, his family and court, his friends the peasant girl Celestina and the student Ludovico, and three mysteriously identical youths, each with twelve toes and a red cross on their back. The main characters are reborn in different ages. The book opens in Paris on 14th July 1999 and ends in the same city five and a half months later on the eve of destruction. The middle part of the novel is a young Pilgrim's tale of his journey through the New World.Terra Nostra, perhaps Fuentes' most ambitious novel, is a "massive, Byzantine work" that tells the story of all Hispanic civilization. Modeled on James Joyce's Finnegans Wake, Terra Nostra shifts unpredictably between the sixteenth century and the twentieth, seeking the roots of contemporary Latin American society in the struggle between the conquistadors and indigenous Americans. Like The Death of Artemio Cruz, the novel also draws heavily on cinematic techniques.
<Berthold_Viertel>	Berthold Viertel (28 June 1885 – 24 September 1953) was an Austrian screenwriter and film director, known for his work in Germany, the UK and the US.Viertel was born in Vienna, the capital of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, but later went to work in Berlin. Viertel developed a reputation as a poet and theatre director, before moving into film work from 1922. As a screenwriter and director, he collaborated with some of the leading figures of the silent era of German cinema and worked on several influential films. Uneasy Money (1926) is a work of New Objectivity film movement.He was married to screenwriter and actress Salka Viertel from 30 April 1918 to 20 December 1947.
<S.L._Benfica_B>	Sport Lisboa e Benfica "B", commonly known as Benfica B, is a Portuguese professional football team based in Seixal. Founded in 1999, dissolved in 2006, and restarted in 2012, it is the reserve team of Portuguese club S.L. Benfica. They play in the Liga Portugal 2, holding home matches at Benfica Campus' main pitch.During the 2012–13 season, Benfica B played home matches at the Estádio da Luz until February, when they moved to Estádio da Tapadinha to prevent excessive wear of the stadium's grass. In 2013–14, they moved permanently to their own training ground, capable of receiving professional league matches.
<Heidelberg>	Heidelberg (German: [ˈhaɪdl̩bɛʁk] (listen); Palatine German: Heidlberg) is a city in the German state of Baden-Württemberg, situated on the river Neckar in south-west Germany. As of the 2016 census, its population was 159,914, of which roughly a quarter consisted of students.Located about 78 km (48 mi) south of Frankfurt, Heidelberg is the fifth-largest city in Baden-Württemberg. Heidelberg is part of the densely populated Rhine-Neckar Metropolitan Region.
<Emma_Eames>	Emma Eames (August 13, 1865 – June 13, 1952) was an American first dramatic soprano, later lyric soprano renowned for the beauty of her voice. She sang major lyric and lyric-dramatic roles in opera and had an important career in New York City, London and Paris during the last decade of the 19th century and the first decade of the 20th century.The daughter of an international lawyer, Eames was born in Shanghai, China, and raised in Portland and Bath in the American state of Maine. The promising quality of her voice was recognised early by her mother and she received singing lessons as a small girl. She attended school in Boston where she studied singing under Clara Munger, and later with Charles R. Adams.
<FC_Metz>	Football Club de Metz, commonly referred to as FC Metz  or simply Metz (French pronunciation: [mɛs] (listen)), is a French association football club based in Metz, Lorraine. The club was formed in 1932 and plays in Ligue 2, the second division in the French football league system. They plays its home matches at Stade Saint-Symphorien located within the city. The team is currently managed by László Bölöni. Despite never winning the top flight, they have won the Coupe de France twice and the Coupe de la Ligue twice.FC Metz was founded in 1932 by the amalgamation of two amateur athletic clubs, and shortly thereafter became a professional team; it is one of the oldest professional football teams in France. Its roots trace back further, to the SpVgg Metz club, formed in 1905 when the city of Metz was part of the German Empire. SpVgg played in the tier-one Westkreis-Liga for a season in 1913–14, before the outbreak of the First World War stopped all play. Some players of this club were part of the Cercle Athlétique Messin in 1919, which went on to become FC Metz in 1932. Messin was a leading club in the Division d'Honneur – Lorraine, taking out league titles in 1920, 1921, 1922, 1924, 1926, 1927, 1929 and 1931.
<The_Bodley_Head>	The Bodley Head is an English publishing house, founded in 1887 and existing as an independent entity until the 1970s. The name was used as an imprint of Random House Children's Books from 1987 to 2008. In April 2008, it was revived as an adult non-fiction imprint within Random House's CCV division.As of 2019, The Bodley Head is an imprint of Vintage Publishing UK.
<Oskar_Lafontaine>	Oskar Lafontaine (German pronunciation: [ˈlafɔntɛn]; born 16 September 1943) is a German politician. He served as Minister-President of the state of Saarland from 1985 to 1998, and was federal leader of the Social Democratic Party (SPD) from 1995 to 1999. He was the lead candidate for the SPD in the 1990 German federal election, but lost by a wide margin. He served as Minister of Finance under Chancellor Gerhard Schröder after the SPD's victory in the 1998 federal election, but resigned from both the ministry and Bundestag less than six months later, positioning himself as a popular opponent of Schröder's policies in the tabloid press.In the lead-up to the 2005 federal election, as a reaction to Schröder's Agenda 2010 reforms, Lafontaine co-founded the left-wing party Labour and Social Justice – The Electoral Alternative. Following a merger with the Party of Democratic Socialism in June 2007, he became co-chairman of The Left. He was the lead candidate for the Saarland branch of the party in the 2009 Saarland state election where it won over 20% of the vote. He announced his resignation from all federal political functions after being diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2009. He retained his position as a member of the Saarland legislature, and since May 2012 has been leader of the opposition in Saarland. Lafontaine resigned from the Left Party on 17 March 2022 because it was no longer an "alternative to the politics of social insecurity and inequality," he said.
<Norwich_City_F.C.>	Norwich City Football Club (also known as The Canaries or The Yellows) is an English professional football club based in Norwich, Norfolk. The club competes in the EFL Championship following their relegation from the Premier League in the 2021–22 season. The club was founded in 1902. Since 1935, Norwich have played their home games at Carrow Road and have a long-standing and fierce rivalry with East Anglian rivals Ipswich Town, with whom they have contested the East Anglian derby 134 times since 1902.Norwich have won the League Cup twice, in 1962 and 1985. The club's highest ever league finish came in the 1992–93 season when they finished third in the Premier League.  Norwich have featured in the UEFA Cup once, in the 1993–94 season, where they were defeated in the third round, but en route became the only English club to defeat German side Bayern Munich at the Olympic Stadium in Munich.
<F.C._Vizela>	Futebol Clube de Vizela is a Portuguese football club based in Vizela, Braga District. Founded in 1939, it currently plays in the Liga Portugal Bwin, holding home games at the Estádio do Futebol Clube de Vizela, with a capacity for 6,100 spectators.Vizela joined the Braga Football Association on 1 August 1940. Twenty-six years later, the first trophy came, with the conquest of the Taça de Campeão Nacional after defeating Tramagal Sport União (5–3). The club spent the vast majority of its early years in the Campeonato de Portugal.
<George_Kenneally>	George Vincent "Gigi" Kenneally, Sr (April 12, 1902 – September 3, 1968) was an American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Pottsville Maroons, the Boston Bulldogs, the Chicago Cardinals, the Boston Braves, and the Philadelphia Eagles.  He attended St. Bonaventure University.Kenneally began his athletic career at Boston Latin High School where he played varsity football, baseball, and held the city record for the fifty-yard dash.  Upon graduating in 1919 he joined a group of local youths who were forming a semi-pro football team to play out of the local Knights of Columbus.  He then followed his older brother and enrolled at St. Bonaventure, where in 1922, he began his collegiate career.  During his four years there he was given sixteen varsity letters, including ones for boxing, as well as being the captain of the football team.Kenneally joined the NFL in 1926 with the Pottsville Maroons of Pottsville, Pennsylvania.  After his rookie season, he was chosen as the team's captain and was also named to his first All-Pro Squad in 1927, as well as in 1928.  At the close of the 1928 season the team succumbed to financial difficulties and was no longer solvent.  He, along with his partner, then decided to purchase the Maroons franchise for $2,500.  Kenneally then transferred the team to Boston where they became the Boston Bulldogs.  Kenneally had many positions in the franchise; that of part owner, assistant Coach, team captain and offensive end.  The Bulldogs were a competitive team and would finish the season at 4-4, but the Wall Street Crash of 1929 caused the team to fold.
<Hornchurch_F.C.>	Hornchurch Football Club is a football club based in Upminster, England. They are currently members of the Isthmian League Premier Division and play at the Hornchurch Stadium.The first Hornchurch Football Club was founded in October 1881. Based at Grey Towers, they played a dozen matches in their first season. The club finished the season with a 7 shilling deficit, albeit thanks to a late half-guinea donation from Joseph Fry. The club was a founder member of the Essex Football Association in 1882, and entered the FA Cup in 1882–83. Drawn at home to Great Marlow in the first round, the visitors won 2–0, with their inexperience being shown up by not appealing for offside against the first goal until after kicking off again, preventing the referee from considering it.
<Pulitzer_Prize_for_Fiction>	The Pulitzer Prize for Fiction is one of the seven American Pulitzer Prizes that are annually awarded for Letters, Drama, and Music. It recognizes distinguished fiction by an American author, preferably dealing with American life, published during the preceding calendar year. As the Pulitzer Prize for the Novel (awarded 1918–1947), it was one of the original Pulitzers; the program was inaugurated in 1917 with seven prizes, four of which were awarded that year  (no Novel prize was awarded in 1917, the first one having been granted in 1918).The name was changed to the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1948, and eligibility was expanded to also includes short stories, novellas, novelettes, and poetry, as well as novels.
<Margaret_Mazzantini>	Margaret Mazzantini (Italian pronunciation: [ˈmarɡaret mattsanˈtiːni]; born 27 October 1961) is an Italian-Irish writer and actress. She became a film, television and stage actor, but is best known as a writer.  Mazzantini began her acting career in 1980 starring in the cult horror classic Antropophagus, she has also appeared in television and theatre.  As a successful writer, her novels include Non ti muovere (Don't Move) which was adapted into a film of the same name and is directed by her husband Sergio Castellitto and stars Penélope Cruz.  Her career as a writer and actress has earned her several awards and nominations including Campiello Awards, a Golden Ticket Award, and a Goya Award.Mazzantini was born in Dublin, Ireland to Carlo Mazzantini, an Italian writer and artist, and Anne Donnelly, an Irish artist. She has three sisters (one of whom is Giselda Volodi). She spent her childhood around Europe, Spain, and Tangier, until the family settled in Tivoli.  In 1982 she graduated from the Academy of Dramatic Arts in Rome.
<Lillie_Hayward>	Lillie Hayward (born Lillian Olenda Auen, September 12, 1891 – June 29, 1977) was an American screenwriter whose Hollywood career began during the silent era and continued well into the age of television.She wrote for more than 70 films and TV shows including the Disney film The Shaggy Dog and television series The Mickey Mouse Club and Walt Disney's Wonderful World of Color. She was also remembered for the films Her Husband's Secretary and Aloma of the South Seas, the latter written in part with the help of her sister, actress and screenwriter Seena Owen.
<Kimberly_Wright_Cassidy>	Kimberly Wright Cassidy (born c. 1963 in Pennsylvania) was named the ninth president of Bryn Mawr College on February 12, 2014 and was formally inaugurated on September 20, 2014.  She had served as interim president since Jane Dammen McAuliffe ended her term as president on June 30, 2013.Cassidy received her master's degree and Ph.D. in psychology from the University of Pennsylvania and earned a bachelor's degree with distinction in psychology from Swarthmore College.Cassidy joined the Bryn Mawr faculty in the Department of Psychology in 1993, and was Chair of Bryn Mawr's Department of Psychology from 2004 to 2007. She was the Provost from 2007 until she became the Interim President on July 1, 2013. She often holds pop up events to increase engagement of the students, faculty and staff.
<Argosy_Empress_Casino>	Argosy's Empress Casino (also known as Empress Casino Joliet) was a Riverboat casino and hotel located in Joliet, Illinois. Built in the 1990s by a group of investors headed by T.J. Lambrecht, Empress Casino become one of the first riverboat casinos in Illinois. It was destroyed by a fire on March 20, 2009.In the early 1990s construction company owner T.J. Lambrecht believed that a riverboat casino in Joliet could thrive, a risky idea at the time. Using a portion of his own money, he and a group of investors created Empress Casino. The Empress Casino opened on June 16, 1992, as a riverboat type casino in Joliet, Illinois. The casino made extensive use of the Egyptian theme including several pyramids on top of the entertainment complex, a large recreation of the Sphinx and faux hieroglyphics along the sides of the building. The unique Egyptian theme became the casino's hallmark. In 1996 its sister casino was opened in Hammond, Indiana, as Empress Casino Hammond. Empress sold both casino properties to Horseshoe Gaming Holding Corporation in 1999. Horseshoe sold the Empress Casino Joliet to the Argosy Gaming Company in 2001 for $465 million. The company re-branded it as Argosy's Empress Casino. Penn National Gaming acquired the Argosy Gaming Company in 2005 and took over all of its operations including the Empress Casino. While undergoing a renovation in 2009 the casino was destroyed by a fire. Penn National Gaming rebuilt the casino under its Hollywood Casino brand as Hollywood Casino Joliet, the Egyptian theme was mostly removed and replaced with 1920's-1930's art deco.The interiors were designed by the Varond Design Group, Inc.
<University_of_Warsaw>	The University of Warsaw (Polish: Uniwersytet Warszawski, Latin: Universitas Varsoviensis) is a public university in Warsaw, Poland. Established in 1816, it is the largest institution of higher learning in the country offering 37 different fields of study as well as 100 specializations in humanities, technical, and the natural sciences.The University of Warsaw consists of 126 buildings and educational complexes with over 18 faculties: biology, chemistry, journalism and political science, philosophy and sociology, physics, geography and regional studies, geology, history, applied linguistics and philology, Polish language, pedagogy, economics, law and public administration, psychology, applied social sciences, management and mathematics, computer science and mechanics.The University of Warsaw is one of the top Polish universities. It was ranked by Perspektywy magazine as best Polish university in 2010, 2011, 2014, and 2016. International rankings such as ARWU and University Web Ranking ranked the university as the best Polish higher level institution in 2012.
<Hong_Kong>	Hong Kong (/ˈhɒŋkɒŋ/ (US) or /hɒŋˈkɒŋ/ (UK); Chinese: 香港, Cantonese: [hœ́ːŋ.kɔ̌ːŋ] (listen)), officially the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China (abbr. Hong Kong SAR or HKSAR), is a city and special administrative region of China on the eastern Pearl River Delta in South China. With 7.5 million residents of various nationalities in a 1,104-square-kilometre (426 sq mi) territory, Hong Kong is one of the most densely populated places in the world. Hong Kong is also a major global financial centre and one of the most developed cities in the world.Hong Kong was established as a colony of the British Empire after the Qing Empire ceded Hong Kong Island from Xin'an County at the end of the First Opium War in 1841 then again in 1842. The colony expanded to the Kowloon Peninsula in 1860 after the Second Opium War and was further extended when Britain obtained a 99-year lease of the New Territories in 1898. British Hong Kong was occupied by Imperial Japan from 1941 to 1945 during World War II; British administration resumed after the surrender of Japan. The whole territory was transferred to China in 1997. As one of China's two special administrative regions (the other being Macau), Hong Kong maintains separate governing and economic systems from that of mainland China under the principle of "one country, two systems".
<Carnival!>	Carnival  is a musical, originally produced by David Merrick on Broadway in 1961, with the book by Michael Stewart and music and lyrics by Bob Merrill. The musical is based on the 1953 film Lili, which again was based on the short story and treatment titled "The Seven Souls of Clement O'Reilly" by Paul Gallico. The show's title originally used an exclamation point (as Carnival! ); it was eventually dropped during the show's run, as director Gower Champion felt it gave the wrong impression, saying, "It's not a blockbuster. It's a gentle show."In December 1958 producer David Merrick announced his intent to produce a stage musical based on the 1953 film Lili, a concept suggested to Merrick by that film's screenwriter Helen Deutsch. Originally Deutsch was to write the musical's book while the score was assigned to Gérard Calvi, a French composer — Lili was set in France — who authored the revue La Plume de Ma Tante which Merrick produced on Broadway. Calvi's lack of expertise with English lyrics would result in his dropping out of the Lili musical; on Deutsch's recommendation Merrick hired Bob Merrill to write the score.After seeing the musical Bye Bye Birdie which opened on Broadway in April 1960, Merrick recruited the production's stage director/choreographer Gower Champion to act in those capacities for the Lili musical. Helen Deutsch would soon be dropped from Merrick's project, as Merrick was finding the drafts she was submitting unworkable for the stage. Feeling he could get the desired result more expediently working with a writer with stage musical experience, Merrick recruited Bye Bye Birdie writer Michael Stewart in September 1960, the invitation being made through Gower Champion. (In its final form Carnival would credit its book to "Michael Stewart based on material by Helen Deutsch".) A month after Stewart submitted his first draft for Carnival! — as the Lili musical project was entitled by November 1960 — the writer was fired by Merrick; however he was rehired thirty-six hours later. Magician Roy Benson was the magical adviser teaching Marco the magic used in the show.
<Jean_Stewart>	Jean Stewart may refer to:
<Amy_Van_Nostrand>	Amy Van Nostrand (born April 11, 1953) is an American actress. She has appeared on Broadway in The Hothouse by Harold Pinter; off-Broadway, she appeared in Pearl Theatre's Dance With Me.Van Nostrand was born in Providence, Rhode Island.On Broadway, Van Nostrand appeared as Miss Cutts in The Hothouse. She has worked with many regional theatres including Huntington Theatre Company, George Street Playhouse, Williamstown Theatre Festival, Coast Playhouse, Pittsburgh Public Theater, Trinity Rep, Weston Playhouse Theatre Company, and The People's Light & Theatre Company.
<KT_Tunstall>	Kate Victoria "KT" Tunstall (born 23 June 1975) is a Scottish singer-songwriter and musician. She first gained attention with a 2004 live solo performance of her song "Black Horse and the Cherry Tree" on Later... with Jools Holland.The name of her debut studio album, Eye to the Telescope, was inspired by her childhood experiences at her father's physics laboratory at University of St Andrews. Released in 2004, the album led to her nominations for the Mercury Prize in 2005, a BRIT Award for Best British Live Act and BRIT Award for Best Breakthrough Act in 2006, and a Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance nomination in 2007. She won the BRIT Award for Best British Female Artist and the European Border Breakers Award, both in 2006. The single "Black Horse and the Cherry Tree" was given the Q Magazine Award for Best Track in 2005, and "Suddenly I See" won the Ivor Novello Award for Best Song in 2006. "Suddenly I See" became a popular hit and has been featured in The Devil Wears Prada, Blind Dating, Ugly Betty, Grey's Anatomy and Love, Rosie; Thrillville, and as a campaign song on the Hillary Clinton 2008 presidential campaign.
<Barbara_Rush>	Barbara Rush (born January 4, 1927) is an American actress. In 1954, Rush won the Golden Globe Award as most promising female newcomer for her role in the 1953 American science-fiction film It Came from Outer Space. Later in her career, Rush became a regular performer in the television series Peyton Place, and appeared in TV movies, miniseries, and a variety of other programs, including the soap opera All My Children and family drama 7th Heaven, as well as starring in films, including The Young Philadelphians, The Young Lions, Robin and the 7 Hoods, and Hombre.Rush was born in Denver. Her father, Roy, was a lawyer for a Midwest mining company. She grew up in Santa Barbara, California. She attended the University of California, Santa Barbara and graduated in 1948. She started her career in the university's theatre program.
<John_Horton_Conway>	John Horton Conway FRS (26 December 1937 – 11 April 2020) was an English mathematician active in the theory of finite groups, knot theory, number theory, combinatorial game theory and coding theory. He also made contributions to many branches of recreational mathematics, most notably the invention of the cellular automaton called the Game of Life.Born and raised in Liverpool, Conway spent the first half of his career at the University of Cambridge before moving to the United States, where he held the John von Neumann Professorship at Princeton University for the rest of his career. On 11 April 2020, at age 82, he died of complications from COVID-19.
<London_Necropolis_Railway>	The London Necropolis Railway was a railway line opened in November 1854 by the London Necropolis Company (LNC), to carry corpses and mourners between London and the LNC's newly opened Brookwood Cemetery 23 miles (37 km) southwest of London in Brookwood, Surrey. At the time the largest cemetery in the world, Brookwood Cemetery was designed to be large enough to accommodate all the deaths in London for centuries to come, and the LNC hoped to gain a monopoly on London's burial industry. The cemetery had intentionally been built far enough from London so as never to be affected by urban growth and was dependent on the recently invented railway to connect it to the city.
<AEL_Limassol>	Athlitiki Enosi Lemesou (Greek: Αθλητική Ένωση Λεμεσού, lit. 'Athletic Union of Limassol') commonly known as AEL, is a Cypriot sports club based in the city of Limassol, most famous for its football team.AEL also maintains a men's and women's basketball teams, a women's volleyball team and a (newly established in 1976) Futsal team, a women's handball team as well as a cricket team. AEL is one of the most successful clubs on the island and the most successful in Limassol with 17 official football trophies consisting of 6 first division championships, 7 cups and 4 super cups.Champions in running.
<Moscow_Art_Theatre_production_of_Hamlet>	The Moscow Art Theatre production of Hamlet was a 1911–12 production of Hamlet, produced by Konstantin Stanislavski and Edward Gordon Craig. It is particularly important in the history of performances of Hamlet and of 20th-century theatre in general. Despite hostile reviews from the Russian press, the production attracted enthusiastic and unprecedented worldwide attention for the theatre, with reviews in Britain's The Times and in the French press that praised its unqualified success. The production placed the Moscow Art Theatre "on the cultural map for Western Europe", and it came to be regarded as a seminal event that influenced the subsequent history of production style in the theatre and revolutionised the staging of Shakespeare's plays in the 20th century. It became "one of the most famous and passionately discussed productions in the history of the modern stage."The story of Craig and Stanislavski began in 1908 when the eccentric American dancer Isadora Duncan, who had a daughter with Craig, introduced the two to each other. Craig, an English theatre practitioner, had garnered interest for the symbolist and simplistic designs he brought to plays like Henrik Ibsen’s The Vikings at Helgeland. On the other end of the spectrum Constantin Stanislavski was creating a world of theatre based upon realism, the internal complexities of the mind, and the rise of psychology. As Benedetti stated, “Stanislavski hoped to use the production to prove that his recently developed 'system' for creating internally justified, realistic acting could meet the formal demands of a classic play”. In response to the enthusiasm expressed by Isadora Duncan about Craig's work, Stanislavski encouraged the board of the MAT to invite Craig to Moscow. He arrived in October 1908.The board decided in January 1909 to mount the production during its 1910 season, with work on the project to commence immediately. 
<Hugh_Jackman>	Hugh Michael Jackman AC (born 12 October 1968) is an Australian actor. Beginning in theatre and television, he landed his breakthrough role as James "Logan" Howlett / Wolverine in the 20th Century Fox X-Men film series (2000–2017), a role that earned him the Guinness World Record for "longest career as a live-action Marvel character", until his record was surpassed in 2021. Jackman has received various awards including two Tony Awards, a Grammy Award, a Emmy Award and a Golden Globe Award. Jackman was appointed a Companion of the Order of Australia in the 2019 Queen's Birthday Honours for services to performing arts and to the global community.During his career, Jackman has headlined films in various genres, including the romantic comedy Kate & Leopold (2001), the action-horror Van Helsing (2004), the drama The Prestige (2006), the period romance Australia (2008), the epic musical Les Misérables (2012), the thriller Prisoners (2013), the musical The Greatest Showman (2017), the political drama The Front Runner (2018), and the crime drama Bad Education (2019). For his role as Jean Valjean in Les Misérables, Jackman was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor and won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy, and for The Greatest Showman, he received a Grammy Award for Best Soundtrack Album. He also provided voice roles in the animated films Flushed Away, Happy Feet (both 2006), Rise of the Guardians (2012), and Missing Link (2019).
<Thomas_W._Reps>	Thomas W. Reps (born 28 May 1956, United States) is an American computer scientist known for his contributions to automatic program analysis. Dr. Reps is Professor of Computer Science in the Computer Sciences Department of the University of Wisconsin–Madison, which he joined in 1985. Reps is the author or co-author of four books and more than one hundred seventy-five papers describing his research. His work has covered a wide variety of topics, including program slicing, data-flow analysis, pointer analysis, model checking, computer security, instrumentation (computer programming), language-based program-development environments, the use of program profiling in software testing, software renovation, incremental algorithms, and attribute grammars.Reps’s current work focuses on static analysis of stripped (binary) executables, and methods that—without relying on symbol-table or debugging information—recover intermediate representations that are similar to those the intermediate phases of a compiler creates for a program written in a high-level language. The goal is to provide a disassembler or decompiler platform that an analyst can use to understand the workings of COTS components, plugins, mobile code, and DLLs, as well as memory snapshots of worms and virus-infected code.
<Evolution_Studios>	Evolution Studios Ltd. was a British video game developer based in Runcorn, Cheshire. The company was founded in 1999 by Martin Kenwright and Ian Hetherington, following the purchase of their studio Digital Image Design's publisher Ocean Software by Infogrames. Kenwright then left Digital Image Design with six members of staff to form Evolution Studios.Then based in Frodsham, Cheshire, it developed a racing demo on PC, depicting multiple rally cars racing on a circuit with cockpit views, which was subsequently picked up by Sony as it was interested in a PlayStation 2 game based on the World Rally Championship licence.
<Gary_Patterson>	Gary Allen Patterson (born February 13, 1960) is an American football coach and former player. He is currently the special assistant to the head coach at the University of Texas. He is the former head football coach at Texas Christian University and the coach with the most wins in Horned Frogs' history. Patterson led the TCU Horned Frogs to six conference championships—one Conference USA title in 2002; four Mountain West Conference titles in 2005, 2009, 2010 and 2011; —and eleven bowl game victories—including victories in the 2011 Rose Bowl and 2014 Peach Bowl. His 2010 squad finished the season undefeated at 13–0 after a 21–19 Rose Bowl victory over the Wisconsin Badgers on New Year's Day 2011, and ranked second in the final tallying of both major polls.Patterson grew up in Rozel, Kansas and played football at Dodge City Community College and at Kansas State University.  Patterson is married to Kelsey Patterson (née Hayes).  He has three sons: Josh, Cade, and Blake.  He received his bachelor's degree in physical education in 1983 from Kansas State University, where he became a member of the Acacia fraternity.  While coaching at Tennessee Tech, he earned a master's degree in educational administration in 1984. Outside of coaching, Patterson plays guitar and performs at charity events around the Dallas-Fort Worth area during the off-season.
<Taiwan>	Coordinates: 24°N 121°E﻿ / ﻿24°N 121°E﻿ / 24; 121Taiwan, officially the Republic of China (ROC), is a country in East Asia, at the junction of the East and South China Seas in the northwestern Pacific Ocean, with the People's Republic of China (PRC) to the northwest, Japan to the northeast, and the Philippines to the south. The territories controlled by the ROC consist of 168 islands, with a combined area of 36,193 square kilometres (13,974 sq mi). The main island of Taiwan, also known as Formosa, has an area of 35,808 square kilometres (13,826 sq mi), with mountain ranges dominating the eastern two-thirds and plains in the western third, where its highly urbanised population is concentrated. The capital, Taipei, forms along with New Taipei City and Keelung the largest metropolitan area of Taiwan. Other major cities include Taoyuan, Taichung, Tainan, and Kaohsiung. With around 23.9 million inhabitants, Taiwan is among the most densely populated countries in the world.Taiwan has been settled for at least 25,000 years. Ancestors of Taiwanese indigenous peoples settled the island around 6,000 years ago. In the 17th century, large-scale Han Chinese (specifically the Hakkas and Hoklos) immigration to western Taiwan began under a Dutch colony and continued under the Kingdom of Tungning. The island was annexed in 1683 by the Qing dynasty of China and ceded to the Empire of Japan in 1895. The Republic of China, which had overthrown the Qing in 1911, took control of Taiwan on behalf of the Allies of World War II following the surrender of Japan in 1945. The immediate resumption of the Chinese Civil War resulted in the loss of the Chinese mainland to Communist forces who established the People's Republic of China, and the flight of the ROC central government to Taiwan in 1949. The effective jurisdiction of the ROC has since been limited to Formosa, Penghu, and smaller islands.
<The_Hasty-Pudding>	The Hasty-Pudding is a mock-heroic poem by Joel Barlow. First published in 1796 in The New-York Magazine, it is now commonly anthologized.The poem, on the literal level, celebrates the simple life exemplified in the new America by hasty pudding (or cornmeal mush). In three cantos (the principal division known from epic and heroic poetry) he celebrates the mythical origin of corn, its production, and its consumption within the homely setting of the American farmer. That there are different levels of reading the poem is made clear by its many allusions to contemporary political, philosophical, and religious writers, and by the position of the narrator. According to Leo Lemay, Barlow's poem "concerns literature, mythology, politics, and culture":
<Deportivo_Alavés>	Deportivo Alavés, S.A.D. (Spanish pronunciation: [depoɾˈtiβo alaˈβes]; Sporting Alavés), usually abbreviated to Alavés, is a Spanish football club based in Vitoria-Gasteiz, Álava, in the autonomous community of the Basque Country. Founded on 1 July 1920 as Sport Friends Club, it has played in the highest football category of The Liga Nacional de Fútbol Profesional, La Liga, since the 2016–17 season. Alavés play in the Segunda División, after being relegated from La Liga in the 2021–22 season.It is recognized as the third most successful team in the Basque Country following Athletic Club of Bilbao and Real Sociedad de Futbol of San Sebastián. Its biggest success was in 2001 when, in the year of its debut in European competition, it reached the 2001 UEFA Cup Final, where it played against Liverpool. It was defeated 5–4 by golden goal. In 2017, the club reached the final of the Copa del Rey, losing out 3–1 to Barcelona.
<Sukumari>	Sukumari Amma (6 October 1940 – 26 March 2013) was an Indian actress best known for her works in Malayalam and Tamil films. In a career spanning more than five decades, She has appeared in more than 2500 films predominantly in Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, along with few  Hindi and one each in Sinhala, French, Bengali, Tulu, English and Kannada films. Sukumari began acting at the age of 10. In 2003, she was awarded the Padma Shri by the Government of India for her contributions toward the arts. She won the National Film Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role in the Tamil film Namma Gramam (2010). Sukumari died on 26 March 2013 in Chennai, following a heart attack.Sukumari was born on 6 October 1940 in Nagercoil, Travancore (Currently in Tamil Nadu), to Malayali parents Madhavan Nair (a bank manager) and Sathyabhama Amma of Tharishuthala Valia Veedu in Kalkulam (in present-day Kanyakumari District). Sathyabhama Amma was the niece of Narayani Pillai Kunjamma, a famous beauty who spurned the king in favour of marrying the aristocratic landowner Kesava Pillai of Kandamath Through her cousin, Ambika Sukumaran, she is related to the Travancore Royal Family.
<Reginald_Blundell>	Reginald Pole Blundell (4 February 1871 – 9 August 1945) was a member of the South Australian House of Assembly from 1907 to 1918 and the Australian House of Representatives from 1919 to 1922.Blundell was born in the Adelaide suburb of Norwood and educated at Norwood Public School.  He married Alice Clara Gates in 1894.  He joined the  Tobacco Twisters' Union and was its secretary for eight years.  He became secretary of the United Trades and Labour Council of South Australia and was its president in 1905.
<Moscow>	Moscow (/ˈmɒskoʊ/ MOS-koh, US chiefly /ˈmɒskaʊ/ MOS-kow; Russian: Москва, tr. Moskva, IPA: [mɐskˈva] (listen)) is the capital and largest city of Russia. The city stands on the Moskva River in Central Russia, with a population estimated at 13.0 million residents within the city limits, over 17 million residents in the urban area, and over 21.5 million residents in the metropolitan area. The city covers an area of 2,511 square kilometers (970 sq mi), while the urban area covers 5,891 square kilometers (2,275 sq mi), and the metropolitan area covers over 26,000 square kilometers (10,000 sq mi). Moscow is among the world's largest cities; being the most populous city entirely in Europe, the largest urban and metropolitan area in Europe, and the largest city by land area on the European continent.First documented in 1147, Moscow grew to become a prosperous and powerful city that served as the capital of the Grand Duchy that bears its name. When the Grand Duchy of Moscow evolved into the Tsardom of Russia, Moscow remained the political and economic center for most of the Tsardom's history. When the Tsardom was reformed into the Russian Empire, the capital was moved from Moscow to Saint Petersburg diminishing the influence of the city. The capital was then moved back to Moscow following the October Revolution and the city was brought back as the political center of the Russian SFSR and then the Soviet Union. In the aftermath of the dissolution of the Soviet Union, Moscow remained the capital city of the contemporary and newly established Russian Federation.
<Philip_Warren_Anderson>	Philip Warren Anderson ForMemRS HonFInstP (December 13, 1923 – March 29, 2020) was an American theoretical physicist and Nobel laureate. Anderson made contributions to the theories of localization, antiferromagnetism, symmetry breaking (including a paper in 1962 discussing symmetry breaking in particle physics, leading to the development of the Standard Model around 10 years later), and high-temperature superconductivity, and to the philosophy of science through his writings on emergent phenomena. Anderson is also responsible for naming the field of physics that is now known as condensed matter physics.Anderson was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, and grew up in Urbana, Illinois. His father, Harry Warren Anderson, was a professor of plant pathology at the University of Illinois at Urbana; his maternal grandfather was a mathematician at Wabash College, where Anderson's father studied; and his maternal uncle was a Rhodes Scholar who became a professor of English, also at Wabash College. He graduated from University Laboratory High School in Urbana in 1940. Under the encouragement of a math teacher by the name of Miles Hartley, Anderson enrolled at Harvard University to study under a fully-funded scholarship. He concentrated in "Electronic Physics" and completed his B.S. in 1943, after which he was drafted into the war effort and built antennas at the Naval Research Laboratory until the end of the Second World War in 1945. As an undergraduate, his close associates included particle-nuclear physicist H. Pierre Noyes, philosopher and historian of science Thomas Kuhn and molecular physicist Henry Silsbee. After the war, Anderson returned to Harvard to pursue graduate studies in physics under the mentorship of John Hasbrouck van Vleck; he received his Ph.D. in 1949 after completing a doctoral dissertation titled "The theory of pressure broadening of spectral lines in the microwave and infrared regions."
<Wendy_Benson>	Wendy Benson-Landes (born July 8, 1971) is an American actress, known for her roles on television. She played the role of Julie Harris in the 2001 biographical television movie James Dean. Benson also starred in the short-lived sitcoms Muscle (1995) and Secret Service Guy (1996) and was a regular cast member on Unhappily Ever After from 1997 to 1999.Benson starred in the 1997 slasher film Wishmaster. She had a recurring roles on I'll Fly Away  and Desperate Housewives. She guest starred in many television series, including Murder, She Wrote, The X-Files, Charmed, JAG, Ugly Betty, According to Jim, Ghost Whisperer, CSI: Miami, Mad Men and Grey's Anatomy. In 2019, she had a recurring role on the CBS daytime soap opera, The Young and the Restless.Benson was born in New York City, the daughter of Scottish photographer Harry Benson. She studied acting at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London and in the National Theater Institute at the Eugene O'Neill Center in Waterford, Connecticut. She married actor Michael Landes in October 2000. They have 2 children together.
<Pale_Fire>	Pale Fire is a 1962 novel by Vladimir Nabokov. The novel is presented as a 999-line poem titled "Pale Fire", written by the fictional poet John Shade, with a foreword, lengthy commentary and index written by Shade's neighbor and academic colleague, Charles Kinbote. Together these elements form a narrative in which both fictional authors are central characters. Nabokov wrote Pale Fire in 1960–61, after the success of Lolita had made him financially independent, allowing him to retire from teaching and return to Europe. It was commenced in Nice and completed in Montreux, Switzerland.Pale Fire has spawned a wide variety of interpretations and a large body of written criticism, which Finnish literary scholar Pekka Tammi [fi] estimated in 1995 as more than 80 studies. The Nabokov authority Brian Boyd has called it "Nabokov's most perfect novel", and the critic Harold Bloom called it "the surest demonstration of his own genius ... that remarkable tour de force".  It was ranked 53rd on the list of the Modern Library 100 Best Novels and 1st on the American literary critic Larry McCaffery's 20th Century's Greatest Hits: 100 English-Language Books of Fiction. Its title is taken from William Shakespeare's Timon of Athens.Starting with the epigraph and table of contents, Pale Fire looks like the publication of a 999-line poem in four cantos ("Pale Fire") by the fictional John Shade with a foreword, extensive commentary, and index by his self-appointed editor, Charles Kinbote.  Kinbote's commentary takes the form of notes to various numbered lines of the poem.  Here and in the rest of his critical apparatus, Kinbote explicates the poem very little. Focusing instead on his own concerns, he divulges what proves to be the plot piece by piece, some of which can be connected by following the many cross-references. Espen Aarseth noted that Pale Fire "can be read either unicursally, straight through, or multicursally, jumping between the comments and the poem." Thus, although the narration is non-linear and multidimensional, the reader can still choose to read the novel in a linear manner without risking misinterpretation.
<Otto_Hahn_Prize>	The Otto Hahn Prize is awarded biennially jointly by the Society of German Chemists (Gesellschaft Deutscher Chemiker), the German Physical Society (Deutschen Physikalischen Gesellschaft) and the city of Frankfurt am Main for outstanding achievement in the field of chemistry, physics or applied engineering science. It was established in 2005 by the merger of the previous Otto Hahn Prize for Chemistry and Physics and the Otto Hahn Prize of the City of Frankfurt am Main. The award is presented in the St. Paul's Church, Frankfurt am Main.The award named after the German nuclear scientist and Nobel laureate Otto Hahn and consists of a gold medal and a prize of 50,000 euros. It is awarded alternatively for Chemistry and Physics.Source: Society of German Chemists
<Damages_(TV_series)>	Damages is an American legal thriller television series created by writing and production trio Daniel Zelman, Glenn Kessler, and Todd A. Kessler. It premiered on July 24, 2007, on FX and aired for three seasons before moving to the DirecTV channel Audience Network in 2010, airing for two further seasons, and concluding in 2012.The plot revolves around the brilliant, ruthless lawyer Patty Hewes (Glenn Close) and her newest protégée, recent law school graduate Ellen Parsons (Rose Byrne). Each season features a major case that Hewes and her firm take on, while also examining a chapter of the complex relationship between Ellen and Patty. The first two seasons center on the law firm Hewes & Associates in New York City, while later seasons focus more on Patty and Ellen's relationship and Ellen’s attempts to distance herself from Hewes & Associates, both personally and professionally.
<Victory_Bateman>	Victory Bateman (April 6, 1865 in Philadelphia – March 2, 1926 in Los Angeles) was an American silent film actress. Her father, Thomas Creese, and her mother, Elizabeth "Lizzie" Creese, were both actors. On stage, Ms. Bateman appeared in the 1900 tour of "The Man From Mexico" and in the 1919 tour of "Seven Days' Leave".She was born nine days before Abraham Lincoln was assassinated but was named Victory because of the North's eventual win over the Confederate South finishing the Civil War. In the early 1890s she became embroiled in the divorce proceedings of actors Aubrey Boucicault and Amy Busby. Though later exonerated from all involvement in the case Bateman was forced to resign from an all-woman's group called The Professional Woman's League. At one time she was married to Wilfred Clarke, a son of John Sleeper Clarke and Asia Booth; and nephew of Edwin and John Wilkes Booth. They were separated for many years at the time of the Boucicault trial. She was also married, in later years, to Harry Mestayer and to George Cleveland. She and her last two husbands were eventually involved in the silent film industry.In looks Bateman bore a sisterly resemblance to the better remembered Marie Dressler and also to the later Frances Bavier, Aunt Bee on The Andy Griffith Show.
<Nene_Otsuka>	Nene Otsuka (大塚 寧々, Ōtsuka Nene, born 14 June 1968) is a Japanese actress. She starred in Masahiro Kobayashi's film Bashing, which was screened in competition at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival.Otuska has appeared in films such as Hirokazu Koreeda's I Wish and Yoshihiro Nakamura's See you tomorrow, everyone.  She also appeared in Shinji Aoyama's 2002 television film Mike Yokohama: A Forest with No Name.
<Paul_Snyder_(basketball)>	Paul Lewis Snyder, Sr. (born c. 1938) is a Buffalo, New York businessman and former owner of the Buffalo Braves basketball team.Snyder was born and raised in Mansfield, Pennsylvania, and first attended Alfred University before transferring to the University at Buffalo. He was on the football and wrestling teams in college.He founded the Freezer Queen frozen food company in Buffalo in 1958 and founded the Darien Lake theme park after purchasing 500 acres (2.0 km2) of land in Genesee County, New York, in 1964, owning the resort and slowly developing it into a major amusement park until he sold the resort in 1983. He also briefly operated a (now demolished) Industrial Park located on the southeastern grounds of the Buffalo Niagara International Airport in the late 1980s. Snyder owned the Buffalo Hyatt Regency in the 1990s and opened the renowned E.B. Green's Steakhouse within the hotel.
<Legion_of_Merit>	The Legion of Merit (LOM) is a military award of the United States Armed Forces that is given for exceptionally meritorious conduct in the performance of outstanding services and achievements. The decoration is issued to members of the eight uniformed services of the United States as well as to military and political figures of foreign governments.The Legion of Merit (Commander degree) is one of only two United States military decorations to be issued as a neck order (the other being the Medal of Honor), and the only United States military decoration that may be issued in degrees (much like an order of chivalry or certain Orders of Merit), although the degrees including a neck ribbon are only awarded to non-U.S. nationals.
<Rodgers_Instruments>	Rodgers Instruments Corporation is an American manufacturer of classical and church organs.  Rodgers was incorporated May 1, 1958 in Beaverton, Oregon by founders, Rodgers W. Jenkins and Fred Tinker,  employees of Tektronix, Inc., of Portland, Oregon, and members of a Tektronix team developing transistor-based oscillator circuits. Rodgers was the second manufacturer of solid state oscillator-based organs, completing their first instrument in 1958 (the first was the Gulbransen "B" home organ, introduced in July 1957. Both the Rodgers and the Gulbransen had vacuum-tube amplifiers. In 1962, upon introducing solid-state amplifiers, Rodgers became the world's first all-transistor organ). Other Rodgers innovations in the electronic organ industry include solid-state organ amplifiers (1962), single-contact diode keying (1961), reed switch pedal keying for pedalboards (1961), programmable computer memory pistons (1966), and the first MIDI-supported church organs (1986).Rodgers' manufacturing facility and world headquarters is located in Hillsboro, Oregon. All Rodgers organs are built in the Oregon factory.On January 4, 2016, Roland Corporation agreed to the Dutch Vandeweerd family’s acquisition of the American company Rodgers Instruments, effective January 15, 2016. The Vandeweerd family (Global Organ Group) already owned three other organ brands:  Johannus, Makin and Copeman Hart.
<Taito>	Taito Corporation is a Japanese company that specializes in video games, toys, arcade cabinets and game centers, based in Shinjuku, Tokyo. The company was founded by Michael Kogan in 1953 as the Taito Trading Company, importing vodka, vending machines and jukeboxes into Japan. It began production of video games in 1973. In 2005, Taito was purchased by Square Enix, becoming a wholly owned subsidiary by 2006.Taito is recognized as an important industry influencer in the early days of video games, producing a number of hit arcade games such as Speed Race (1974), Western Gun (1975), Space Invaders (1978), Bubble Bobble (1986) and Arkanoid (1986). Alongside Capcom, Konami, Namco and Sega, it is one of the most prominent video game companies from Japan and the first that exported its games into other countries. Several of its games have since been recognized as important and revolutionary for the industry - Space Invaders in particular was a major contributor to the growth of video games in the late-1970s, and the aliens featured in the games are seen as iconic emblems within the video game industry.
<The_Asiatic_Society>	The Asiatic Society is a government of India organisation founded during the Company rule in India to enhance and further the cause of "Oriental research", in this case, research into India and the surrounding regions. It was founded by the philologist William Jones on 15 January 1784 in a meeting presided over by Justice Robert Chambers in Calcutta, the then-capital of the Presidency of Fort William.At the time of its foundation, this Society was named as "Asiatick Society". In 1825, the society was renamed as "The Asiatic Society". In 1832 the name was changed to "The Asiatic Society of Bengal" and again in 1936 it was renamed as "The Royal Asiatic Society of Bengal". Finally, on 1 July 1951, the name of the society was changed to its present one. The Society is housed in a building at Park Street in Kolkata (Calcutta). The Society moved into this building during 1808. In 1823, the Medical and Physical Society of Calcutta was formed and all the meetings of this society were held in the Asiatic Society.
<Aeroporto_Guglielmo_Marconi_di_Bologna_(company)>	Aeroporto Guglielmo Marconi di Bologna S.p.A. (AdB) is the operator of Bologna Guglielmo Marconi Airport, The company is listed in Borsa Italiana (Milan Stock Exchange).Aeroporto Guglielmo Marconi di Bologna  and Società Azionaria Gestione Aeroporto Torino had a cross ownership until February 2014, which AdB sold their minority interests (4.13%) to 2i Aeroporti and Tecnoinvestimenti (a subsidiary of Tecno Holding) for €5.166 million.After the company was listed in the Milan Stock Exchange in 2015, Chamber of Commerce of Bologna was the major shareholders of 37.559% stake, followed by equity funds that runs by Amber Capital (15.082%) and Strategic Capital Advisers (10.510%). The fourth largest shareholders was 2i Aeroporti, which owned 0.970% shares directly, as well as through controlling interests in Aeroporti Holding, a subsidiary of Società Azionaria Gestione Aeroporto Torino (SAGAT) for 5.913% shares of AdB. 51% shares of 2i Aeroporti was owned by Primo Fondo Italiano per le Infrastrutture and around 45% shares of both SAGAT and Aeroporti Holding were owned by minority shareholders.
<James_Smith_McDonnell>	James Smith "Mac" McDonnell (April 9, 1899 – August 22, 1980) was an American aviator, engineer, and businessman. He was an aviation pioneer and founder of McDonnell Aircraft Corporation, later McDonnell Douglas, and the James S. McDonnell Foundation.Born in Denver, Colorado, McDonnell was raised in Little Rock, Arkansas, and graduated from Little Rock High School in 1917.  He was a graduate of Princeton University class of 1921, and earned a Master's of Science in Aeronautical Engineering from MIT in 1925. While attending MIT he joined the Delta Upsilon fraternity.  After graduating from MIT, he was hired by Tom Towle for the Stout Metal Airplane Division of the Ford Motor Company. In 1927, he was hired by the Hamilton Metalplane Company to develop similar metal monoplanes. He then went on to Huff Daland Airplane Company.In 1928, McDonnell left Huff Daland and set up J.S. McDonnell & Associates, and with the help of two other engineers, McDonnell set out to design his first aircraft with his company name. This aircraft then competed in a safe airplane contest which was sponsored by the Daniel Guggenheim Fund for the Promotion of Aeronautics and which offered a $100,000 prize for the winning entry. His design was the Doodle Bug. After the failure of the Doodle Bug to win the contest (the Curtiss Tanager won) or any commercial orders due to the Great Depression, he dissolved his firm and worked for the Great Lakes Aircraft Company in 1931 before he was hired as an engineer for the Glenn L. Martin Company.
<Matt_Besser>	Matthew Gregory Besser (born September 22, 1967) is an American actor, comedian, director, producer, and writer, best known as one of the four founding members of the Upright Citizens Brigade sketch comedy troupe, who had their own show on Comedy Central from 1998 to 2000. He currently hosts the improvisation-based podcast Improv4humans on the Earwolf podcasting network.Besser was born and raised in Little Rock, Arkansas, to parents Diane and Sandy Besser. His father was Jewish, whereas his mother was Christian. Besser is an atheist. He is a quarter German and a quarter French from his mother's side. Besser's grandfather's cousin was Joe Besser of The Three Stooges.He was recruited to play soccer after starting on his high school team, but instead attended Amherst College with a major in American Studies. There, he started doing stand-up comedy and competed in a contest at UMass that was judged by Judd Apatow. After graduating, he briefly moved to Denver in an attempt to pursue stand-up, but quickly moved to Chicago. He worked various odd jobs, including stints as a substitute teacher, a host at Carnegie Deli and as a host at Dick's Last Resort.
<River_City_FM_(Wanganui)>	River City FM was a radio station in Whanganui, New Zealand.The station was started by Radio New Zealand (which was known as the National Broadcasting Service at the time) in October 1949 broadcasting on 1200AM with the callsign 2XA. The callsign was later changed to 2ZW and the station was rebranded as 2ZW.
<Harvey_Pekar>	Harvey Lawrence Pekar (/ˈpiːkɑːr/; October 8, 1939 – July 12, 2010) was an American underground comic book writer, music critic, and media personality, best known for his autobiographical American Splendor comic series. In 2003, the series inspired a well-received film adaptation of the same name.Frequently described as the "poet laureate of Cleveland", Pekar "helped change the appreciation for, and perceptions of, the graphic novel, the drawn memoir, the autobiographical comic narrative." Pekar described his work as "autobiography written as it's happening. The theme is about staying alive, getting a job, finding a mate, having a place to live, finding a creative outlet. Life is a war of attrition. You have to stay active on all fronts. It's one thing after another. I've tried to control a chaotic universe. And it's a losing battle. But I can't let go. I've tried, but I can't."Among the awards given to Pekar for his work were the Inkpot Award, the American Book Award, a Harvey Award, and his posthumous induction into the Eisner Award Hall of Fame.
<Dragnet_(1951_TV_series)>	Dragnet—later syndicated as Badge 714—is an American television series, based on the radio series of the same name, both created by their star, Jack Webb. The shows take their name from the police term dragnet, a system of coordinated measures for apprehending criminals or suspects. Webb reprised his radio role of Los Angeles police detective Sergeant Joe Friday. Ben Alexander co-starred as Friday's partner, Officer Frank Smith.The ominous, four-note introduction to the brass and tympani theme music (titled "Danger Ahead"), composed by Walter Schumann, is instantly recognizable.  It is derived from Miklós Rózsa's score for the 1946 film The Killers.This was the first television series in a Dragnet media franchise encompassing film, television, books and comics. The series was filmed at Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, California.
<George_J._Armelagos>	George J. Armelagos (May 22, 1936 – May 15, 2014) was an American anthropologist, and Goodrich C. White Professor of Anthropology at Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia. Armelagos significantly impacted the field of physical anthropology in the disciplines of paleopathology and bioarchaeology. His work has provided invaluable contributions to the theoretical and methodological understanding human disease, diet and human variation within an evolutionary context. Relevant topics include epidemiology, paleopathology, paleodemography, bioarchaeology, evolutionary medicine, and the social interpretations of race, among others.Armelagos received a B.A. with honors in Anthropology from the University of Michigan-Ann Arbor in 1958. He then entered the Medical School at Michigan-Ann Arbor (1958), transferred a year later into the Rackham Graduate School in Anthropology at Michigan (1959), where he met Jack Kelso. He would later follow Kelso to the Anthropology Department at the University of Colorado, Boulder where he received both his M.A. (1963) and Ph.D. (1968) degrees. It was at Colorado that he formulated his early ideas the nature of disease and the need for a bio-cultural approach to explain the relationship between the evolution of disease and the human response to it.
<Clay_Felker>	Clay Schuette Felker (October 2, 1925 – July 1, 2008) was an American magazine editor and journalist who co-founded New York magazine in 1968. He was known for bringing numerous journalists into the profession. The New York Times wrote in 1995, "Few journalists have left a more enduring imprint on late 20th-century journalism—an imprint that was unabashedly mimicked even as it was being mocked—than Clay Felker."He was born in 1925 in Webster Groves, Missouri, son of Carl Felker, an editor of The Sporting News, and his wife, the former Cora Tyree, the former women's editor of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Both of Clay's parents, along with a grandfather and a grandmother, graduated from the University of Missouri School of Journalism. He had one sibling, Charlotte. Felker's grandfather, Henry Clay Felker, of German aristocratic origins, fled Germany after the 1848 Conservative takeover. The family surname was originally von Fredrikstein.Felker attended Duke University, where he first became interested in journalism and edited the student newspaper, The Duke Chronicle. He left school in 1943 to join the Navy, but returned to the school to graduate in 1951.
<G._Evelyn_Hutchinson>	George Evelyn Hutchinson ForMemRS (January 30, 1903 – May 17, 1991) was a British ecologist sometimes described  as the "father of modern ecology."  He contributed for more than sixty years to the fields of limnology, systems ecology, radiation ecology, entomology, genetics, biogeochemistry, a mathematical theory of population growth, art history, philosophy, religion, and anthropology. He worked on the passage of phosphorus through lakes, the chemistry and biology of lakes, the theory of interspecific competition, and on insect taxonomy and genetics, zoo-geography and African water bugs.  He is known as one of the first to combine ecology with mathematics. He became an international expert on lakes and wrote the four-volume Treatise on Limnology in 1957.Hutchinson earned his degree in zoology from Cambridge University but chose not to earn a doctorate, of which he came to be proud as he aged. Although born in England, he spent nearly his entire professional life at Yale University in the United States where he was Sterling Professor of Zoology and focused on working with graduate students.
<Never_the_Twain>	Never the Twain is a British sitcom that ran for eleven series from 7 September 1981 to 9 October 1991.It was created by Johnnie Mortimer, and was the only sitcom he ever created without his usual writing partner, Brian Cooke. Mortimer wrote the entirety of the first two series, one episode of the seventh, and five out of six episodes of the eighth, with the rest being mainly written by John Kane and Vince Powell (who wrote the whole of the last three series).
<Earl_Foreman>	Earl Marin Foreman (March 29, 1924 – January 23, 2017) was an American lawyer and sports executive.Foreman practiced law in the District of Columbia. He was the owner of the short-lived Washington Whips professional soccer club of the NASL and a minority owner of the Baltimore Bullets franchise in the National Basketball Association. He was owner of the Washington Caps/Virginia Squires of the American Basketball Association. At one time, he also owned an interest in the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League.Born in Baltimore, Maryland. Foreman served in the United States Army during World War II and was a medic. He graduated from University of Maryland and University of Maryland School of Law.
<Eve_Morey>	Eve Morey (born 4 June 1983) is an Australian actress. Her roles have included Lucy Green in Pig's Breakfast and Sonya Rebecchi in the soap opera Neighbours, the latter role played from 2009 to 2022. She has also appeared in All Saints, Home and Away and various theatre productions.Morey majored in drama and media studies, while undertaking a Bachelor of Arts Degree at Deakin University. She also completed a foundation course at the Victorian College of the Arts. Morey played the role of Lucy Green in the Nine Network children's television series, Pig's Breakfast, for two years. In 2000, she was accepted into National Institute of Dramatic Art.
<Shoba>	Mahalakshmi Menon, best known by her stagename Shobha (23 September 1962 – 1 May 1980), was an Indian actress best known for her work in Malayalam and Tamil films. At the age of 17, she won the National Film Award for Best Actress for her role in the 1979 Tamil film Pasi. She also received three Kerala State Film Awards: for Best Actress (1978), Best Supporting Actress (1977) and Best Child Artist (1971); and two Filmfare Awards South for Best Actress in Kannada (1978) and Tamil (1979) films. Considered one of the finest talents to have emerged in the Indian film world, her promising career was unexpectedly cut short as she committed suicide in 1980, due to unknown reasons. Her popularity resulted in considerable public scrutiny of the events that led to her death and also various conspiracy theories. The 1983 Malayalam film Lekhayude Maranam Oru Flashback is supposedly based on her life and death.Born to Malayali parents in Madras, she started her career in the Tamil film industry, making her debut as a child artist in Thattungal Thirakkappadum (1966). Her first film as the main lead actress was in the 1978 Malayalam film Uthrada Rathri.
<Eric_Villency>	Eric Scot Villency (born June 10, 1975) is an American businessman. He serves as the CEO of Villency Design Group, an interior and product design firm.In 1932, Villency's grandfather, Maurice Villency, started a furniture company in New York City. His grandfather's company became the Villency Design Group, and in 1998, Eric Villency became CEO.
<Studio_33>	Studio 33 was a game developer from Liverpool, UK. It was once partly owned by Psygnosis, making Newman-Haas Racing, Formula One 99, Formula One 2000, Formula One 2001, Formula One Arcade and Destruction Derby Raw for the PlayStation, and Destruction Derby Arenas for the PlayStation 2.In 1993, SCEE bought out Psygnosis, and Studio 33 was formed by John White, ex Director of Development from 1996 to October 16, 2003. EA bought out Studio 33. EA relocated the studio to Warrington and renamed it EA North West.
<International_Yacht_Restoration_School>	IYRS School of Technology & Trades (known as IYRS, from its previous name of the International Yacht Restoration School) is a private nonprofit school with a 3-acre campus on Thames Street in Newport, Rhode Island. IYRS focuses on training highly skilled craftspeople and technicians for careers in a wide range of industries.Currently four accredited programs are offered in Digital Modeling & Fabrication, Composites Technology, Boatbuilding & Restoration, and Marine Systems.  The school is planning to introduce additional programs based on the same model.  IYRS programs focus on making, building, restoring, and maintaining, using both traditional and modern materials from wood to composites and carbon fiber.  Programs are accredited by the ACCSC and qualified applicants are eligible for federal financial aid and veterans' benefits for post-secondary education.In 1993, the marine artist John Mecray, philanthropist Elizabeth Meyer, who restored the J-Class yacht Endeavor, and several others founded the school on a 1-hectare property on the Newport waterfront.  Today, the school owns several large buildings, including the 1831 stone Newport Steam Factory building listed on the National Register of Historic Places. From 1995 to 2006 major restoration work on the Coronet took place at the school.
<Lasker-DeBakey_Clinical_Medical_Research_Award>	Lasker-DeBakey Clinical Medical Research Award is one of four annual awards presented by the Lasker Foundation. The Lasker-DeBakey award is given to honor outstanding work for the understanding, diagnosis, prevention, treatment, and cure of disease. This award was renamed in 2008 in honor of Michael E. DeBakey. It was previously known as the Albert Lasker Award for Clinical Medical Research."The Lasker Foundation - Awards". - Official site
<Green_Party_(Brazil)>	The Green Party (Portuguese: Partido Verde, PV) is a political party in Brazil. It was constituted after the military dictatorship period and, like other green parties around the world, is committed to establishing a set of policies on ensuring social equity and sustainable development.[citation needed] One of the party's founding members was the journalist and former anti-dictatorship revolutionary Fernando Gabeira (a federal deputy between 1995 and 2011), Alfredo Sirkis and Carlos Minc. The founding of the Rio de Janeiro section of the Brazilian Green Party was led by a delegation from the southern Brazilian state of Santa Catarina, composed among others by Olga Maria Carvalho Luz, Luiz Henrique Gevaerd Odebrecht, Marcos Bayer, and Consuelo Luz Lins.Among the main items on PV's agenda are federalism, environmentalism, human rights, a form of direct democracy, parliamentarism, welfare, civil liberties, pacifism and marijuana legalization under specific conditions.The party, however, argues to be in a position on the political spectrum that supposedly goes beyond the issue "left-right", considered by its members to be anachronistic and unrealistic. Many critics also believe that the party broke the limit not to be a small party set in the context of the "legends of rent" (used by political parties only to be elected). This image is rejected by one of the theoreticians of the party, Tibor Rabóczkay, in the book Rethinking the Brazilian Green Party, with the argument that the going round and round between legends is so common in the big parties, as in the small ones. The author, however, acknowledges that in the effort to achieve the 5% barrier imposed by the barrier clause ("law of exclusion policy" in the words of Rabóczkay), the Green Party has opened its doors to politicians who are not concerned with ecological issues and consequently, tend to be amorphous benches from the green.
<Nil_by_Mouth_(film)>	Nil by Mouth is a 1997 drama film portraying a family in South East London. It was Gary Oldman's debut as a writer and director, and was produced by Oldman, Douglas Urbanski and Luc Besson. It stars Ray Winstone as Raymond, the abusive husband of Valerie, played by Kathy Burke. The score was composed by Eric Clapton.In a working-class South London district live Raymond; his wife, Valerie; her brother, Billy; Valerie and Billy's mother, Janet; and their grandmother, Kathy. Billy is a drug addict, and Raymond kicks him out when he steals drugs from him. Billy hangs out with his heroin addict friends and they shoot up together. The family is dysfunctional, mostly because of Raymond's fiery temper and violent outbursts. When Valerie gets pregnant again, she continues to smoke and drink.
<Union_for_a_Popular_Movement>	The Union for a Popular Movement (French: Union pour un mouvement populaire, French pronunciation: ​[ynjɔ̃ puʁ œ̃ muvmɑ̃ pɔpylɛʁ]; UMP, French pronunciation: ​[y.ɛmpe]) was a centre-right political party in France that was one of the two major contemporary political parties in France along with the centre-left Socialist Party (PS). The UMP was formed in 2002 as a merger of several centre-right parties under the leadership of President Jacques Chirac. In May 2015, the party was renamed and succeeded by The Republicans (Les Républicains).Nicolas Sarkozy, then the president of the UMP, was elected President of France in the 2007 presidential election, but was defeated by PS candidate François Hollande in a run-off five years later. After the November 2012 party congress, the UMP experienced internal fractioning and was plagued by monetary scandals which forced its president, Jean-François Copé, to resign. After his re-election as UMP president in November 2014, Sarkozy put forward an amendment to change the name of the party into The Republicans, which was approved and came into effect on 30 May 2015.
<Under_Western_Eyes_(novel)>	Under Western Eyes (1911) is a novel by Joseph Conrad. The novel takes place in St. Petersburg, Russia, and Geneva, Switzerland, and is viewed as Conrad's response to the themes explored in Fyodor Dostoevsky's Crime and Punishment; Conrad was reputed to have detested Dostoevsky. It has also been interpreted as Conrad's response to his own early life; his father was a Polish independence activist and would-be revolutionary imprisoned by the Russians, but, instead of following in his father's footsteps, at the age of sixteen Conrad left his native land, only to return briefly decades later. Indeed, while writing Under Western Eyes, Conrad suffered a weeks-long breakdown during which he conversed with the novel's characters in Polish.This novel is considered to be one of Conrad's major works and is close in subject matter to The Secret Agent. It is full of cynicism and conflict about the historical failures of revolutionary movements and ideals. Conrad remarks in this book, as well as others, on the irrationality of life, the opacity of character, the unfairness with which suffering is inflicted upon the innocent and poor and the careless disregard for the lives of those with whom we share existence.
<Felicia_Farr>	Felicia Farr (born Olive Dines; October 4, 1932) is a American former actress and modelFarr was born in Westchester County, New York. She attended Erasmus Hall High School and studied sociology at Penn State.
<State_Anthem_of_the_Soviet_Union>	The "State Anthem of the Soviet Union" was the national anthem of the Soviet Union and the regional anthem of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic from 1944 to 1991, replacing "The Internationale". Its original lyrics were written by Sergey Mikhalkov (1913–2009) in collaboration with Gabriyel’ Arkadyevich Ureklyan (1899–1945), and its music was composed by Alexander Alexandrov (1883–1946). For a two-decade interval following de-Stalinization, the anthem was performed without lyrics. The second set of lyrics, also written by Mikhalkov and in which Stalin's name was omitted, was adopted in 1977.A decade after the collapse of the Soviet Union, the music was adopted with new lyrics as the Russian national anthem.The anthem's music was originally composed by Alexander Alexandrov in 1938 for the Hymn of the Bolshevik Party. Its opening bars were borrowed from one of Alexandrov's previous pieces, "Life has become better", which was based on a quote by former Soviet Union General Secretary Joseph Stalin at the First All-Union Meeting of the Stakhanovites on 17 November 1935. The song alludes to Stalin's cult of personality.[citation needed]
<Kátia_Abreu>	Kátia Regina de Abreu (born 2 February 1962) is a Brazilian politician. She has been serving as the Senator from Tocantins since 2007. She was a congresswoman elected by the Tocantins State from 2003 to 2007. She is a member of Progressistas, since her leaving from Democratic Labour Party (PDT) in March 2020.On 23 December 2014, President Dilma Rousseff appointed Abreu as Minister of Agriculture, to serve during the president's second term, amid controversies among environmentalists, including the group Greenpeace. Abreu took office on 1 January 2015 during Rousseff's second inauguration. Abreu was fired on 12 May 2016, after president Rousseff was suspended by the Senate and vice-president Michel Temer was sworn as acting president, being replaced by Blairo Maggi.On 23 November 2017 she was expelled from the Brasilian Democratic Movement Party because of her support of the opposition. In 2018 she joined the Democratic Labour Party and supported Ciro Gomes in his bid for presidency.
<Dorothy_Stratten>	Dorothy Ruth Hoogstraten (February 28, 1960 – August 14, 1980), known professionally as Dorothy Stratten, was a Canadian Playboy Playmate and actress. Stratten was the Playboy Playmate of the Month for August 1979 and Playmate of the Year in 1980, and appeared in three comedy films and in at least two episodes of shows broadcast on American network television. She was murdered shortly after starring in the movie Galaxina at the age of 20 by her estranged husband and manager Paul Snider, who committed suicide on the same day. Stratten's death inspired two motion pictures, the 1981 TV movie Death of a Centerfold and the 1983 theatrical release Star 80, as well as the book The Killing of the Unicorn and the songs "Californication" by the Red Hot Chili Peppers, "The Best Was Yet to Come" by Bryan Adams, and "Cover Girl" by Prism.
<Yasuko_Konoe>	Yasuko Konoe (近衛 甯子, Konoe Yasuko, born 26 April 1944), formerly Princess Yasuko of Mikasa (甯子内親王, Yasuko Naishinnō), is the first child of Takahito, Prince Mikasa, and Yuriko, Princess Mikasa. She married Tadateru Konoe on 16 December 1966. As a result, she gave up her imperial title and left the Japanese Imperial Family, as required by law.Yasuko was born at Numazu Imperial Villa, Numazu, In her childhood, Konoe attended Gakushuin Elementary School and then Gakushuin Women's Secondary School. She later completed her studies by graduating from the Department of Japanese Language and Literature, Faculty of Letters, Gakushuin University.Princess Yasuko married Tadateru Konoe on 16 December 1966. Upon her marriage, she left the Imperial House of Japan and took the surname of her husband. Tadateru Konoe is the younger brother of former Prime Minister Morihiro Hosokawa and adopted grandson (and heir) of former Prime Minister Fumimaro Konoe. He is currently President of the Japanese Red Cross Society. They have a son named, Tadahiro (born 18 July 1970). Through Tadahiro and his wife, Keiko Kuni (m. 10 April 2004), Konoe has three grandchildren: two boys and one girl.
<Rosalyn_Sussman_Yalow>	Rosalyn Sussman Yalow (July 19, 1921 – May 30, 2011) was an American medical physicist, and a co-winner of the 1977 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine (together with Roger Guillemin and Andrew Schally) for development of the radioimmunoassay technique. She was the second woman (after Gerty Cori), and the first American-born woman, to be awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.Rosalyn Sussman Yalow was born in the Bronx, New York, the daughter of Clara (née Zipper) and Simon Sussman, and was raised in a Jewish household. She went to Walton High School (Bronx), New York City. After high school, she attended the all-female, tuition-free Hunter College, where her mother hoped she would learn to become a teacher. Instead, Yalow decided to study physics.I was excited about achieving a career in physics. My family, being more practical, thought the most desirable position for me would be as an elementary school teacher.
<So_ein_Millionär_hat's_schwer>	So ein Millionär hat's schwer is a 1958 Austrian film directed by Géza von Cziffra.This article about a musical comedy film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Amos_Oz>	Amos Oz (Hebrew: עמוס עוז; born Amos Klausner; 4 May 1939 – 28 December 2018) was an Israeli writer, novelist, journalist, and intellectual. He was also a professor of Hebrew literature at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev. From 1967 onwards, Oz was a prominent advocate of a two-state solution to the Israeli–Palestinian conflict.He was the author of 40 books, including novels, short story collections, children's books, and essays, and his work has been published in 45 languages, more than that of any other Israeli writer. He was the recipient of many honours and awards, among them the Friedenspreis des Deutschen Buchhandels, the Legion of Honour of France, the Israel Prize, the Goethe Prize, the Prince of Asturias Award in Literature, the Heinrich Heine Prize, and the Franz Kafka Prize.
<Sarah_Clarke>	Sarah Clarke (born February 16, 1972) is an American actress, best known for her role as Nina Myers on 24, and also for her roles as Renée Dwyer, Bella Swan's mother, in the 2008 film Twilight, Erin McGuire on the short-lived TV show Trust Me, and CIA Officer Lena Smith on the USA Network show Covert Affairs. She recently starred as Eleanor Wish in Amazon Studios' police procedural drama Bosch.Clarke was born in St. Louis, Missouri, the daughter of Ernest Clarke, an engineer, and Carolyn, a homemaker.[citation needed]
<Silk_Stockings_(film)>	Silk Stockings is a 1955 stage musical.Silk Stockings may also refer to:
<Ludwig_von_Bogdandy>	Ludwig von Bogdandy (born 10 February 1930 in Berlin, died 5 May 1996 in Linz) (Hungarian: Bogdándy Lajos) was a German metallurgist and industrial executive. He was a leading researcher on iron and steel production, and served as CEO of Voestalpine, an international steel based technology and capital goods group based in Linz. He also served as the honorary Hungarian Consul-General in Linz.Ludwig von Bogdandy was a son of the Hungarian physical chemist Stefan von Bogdándy, who moved to Berlin in the 1920s, and was the father of the legal scholar Armin von Bogdandy.He earned a Habilitation at RWTH Aachen University in 1959, and became associate professor at the same university in 1965. In 1985 he was awarded an honorary doctorate in engineering. He was a member of the board of directors of Thyssen Niederrhein and managing director of the Klöckner Works. From 1986 to 1988 he was a member of the board of directors and from 1988 to 1992 chairman of the board of directors and CEO of Voestalpine. From 1990 to 1992 he was a member of the board of directors of Österreichische Industrieholding, which administers the investments of the Republic of Austria in partially or entirely nationalized companies. He was Hungarian Consul-General in Linz from 1993.
<Herbert_Friedman>	Herbert Friedman (June 21, 1916 – September 9, 2000) was an American physicist and astronomer who did research in X-ray astronomy. During his career Friedman published hundreds of scientific papers. One such example is "Ultraviolet and X Rays from the Sun". He was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the United States National Academy of Sciences in 1960. He received the Eddington Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society in 1964. That same year, he was elected to the American Philosophical Society.This United States astronomer article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Michael_Jay_Solomon>	Michael Jay Solomon (born January 20, 1938) is an American businessman, and entertainment executive. Solomon's career spans more than 50 years in the media and content distribution business. He is the founder and president of several publicly and privately held companies which are listed in his Bloomberg profile. Solomon has founded or sits on the board of philanthropic organizations benefiting education, public health, and the arts.Solomon is the son of Mildred Rickmann & Leroy Solomon. He has a sister named Susan Goldberg, born in 1935.  He was born in New York City, New York, where his family has resided for 4 generations. Mr. Solomon was educated at the Milford Prep School, in Milford, Connecticut, the New York University Stern School of Business, where he served on NYU's Board of Overseers (33 years), and also at Emerson College in Boston, Massachusetts where he was awarded an Honorary Doctor of Law degree in May 1991, and in October 2019 he was appointed to their Board of Advisors.  He is a member of the international honor society Beta Gamma Sigma.Solomon began his career in film distribution with United Artists (UA) in 1956 at the age of 18. When he graduated from New York University at age 21, UA sent him to Panama to open the Central American territory for American films. A year later he was assigned to Bogota, Colombia and when he was 24 he became manager of Peru and Bolivia.
<WebMD>	WebMD is an American corporation known primarily as an online publisher of news and information pertaining to human health and well-being. The site includes information pertaining to drugs. It is one of the top healthcare websites.It was founded in 1998 by internet entrepreneur Jeff Arnold. In early 1999, it was part of a three way merger with Sapient Health Network (SHN) and Direct Medical Knowledge (DMK). SHN began in Portland, Oregon, in 1996 by Jim Kean, Bill Kelly, and Kris Nybakken, who worked together at a CD-ROM publishing firm, Creative Multimedia. Later in 1999, WebMD merged with Healtheon, founded by Netscape Communications founder James H. Clark.
<Minhyong_Kim>	Minhyong Kim is a South Korean mathematician who specialises in arithmetic geometry and anabelian geometry.Kim received his PhD at Yale University in 1990 under the supervision of Serge Lang and Barry Mazur, going on to work in a number of universities, including M.I.T., Columbia, Arizona, Purdue, the Korea Institute for Advanced Study, UCL (University College London) and the University of Oxford. He is currently the Christopher Zeeman Professor of Algebra, Geometry, and Public Understanding of Mathematics at University of Warwick.Kim has made contributions to the application of arithmetic homotopy theory to the study of Diophantine problems, especially to finiteness theorems of the Faltings–Siegel type.
<Christian_Slater>	Christian Michael Leonard Slater (born August 18, 1969) is an American actor and producer. He made his film debut with a leading role in The Legend of Billie Jean (1985) and gained wider recognition for his breakthrough role as Jason "J.D." Dean, a sociopathic high school student, in the satire Heathers (1988). He has received critical acclaim for his title role in the USA Network television series Mr. Robot (2015–2019), for which he earned the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor – Series, Miniseries or Television Film in 2016, with additional nominations in 2017 and 2018.Born in New York City to a theatrical family, Slater made his television debut at the age of eight on the ABC soap opera One Life to Live. He attended the Dalton School, the Professional Children's School, and the Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts. In the 1990s, Slater starred in a number of big-budget films, including Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves (1991), Interview with the Vampire (1994), Broken Arrow (1996), and Hard Rain (1998) as well as cult films like Gleaming the Cube (1989), Pump Up the Volume (1990) and True Romance (1993). His other notable films include roles in 3000 Miles to Graceland (2001), Windtalkers (2002), Alone in the Dark (2005), Bobby (2006), Nymphomaniac (2013), King Cobra (2016), The Wife (2017), The Public (2018), and We Can Be Heroes (2020). In addition to his film roles, Slater has also starred in television shows such as My Own Worst Enemy (2008), Breaking In (2011–2012), Mind Games (2012), Dirty John (2020), and Dr. Death (2021).
<Dominique_Dunne>	Dominique Ellen Dunne (November 23, 1959 – November 4, 1982) was an American actress. Born and raised in Santa Monica, California, Dunne studied acting at Milton Katselas' Workshop, where she appeared in stage productions. She made her on-screen debut with the television film Diary of a Teenage Hitchhiker, and thereafter played the recurring roles of Erica on the drama series Family (1980), and Paulina Bornstein on the comedy series Breaking Away (1980–1981).Dunne's breakthrough came with the starring role of Dana Freeling in the horror film Poltergeist (1982), establishing her as a horror icon. She went on to headline the western film The Shadow Riders (1982), and portray Amy Kent on the crime series CHiPs (1982). Before her murder, Dunne was cast in the miniseries V (1983); however, she died midway through filming, and was replaced by Blair Tefkin.
<Kingston_upon_Hull>	Kingston upon Hull, usually abbreviated to Hull, is a port city and unitary authority in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It lies upon the River Hull at its confluence with the Humber Estuary, 25 miles (40 km) inland from the North Sea and 50 miles (80 km) south-east of York, the historic county town. With a population of 259,778 (mid-2019 est.), it is the fourth-largest city in the Yorkshire and the Humber region after Leeds, Sheffield and Bradford.The town of Wyke on Hull was founded late in the 12th century by the monks of Meaux Abbey as a port from which to export their wool.Renamed Kings-town upon Hull in 1299, Hull had been a market town, military supply port, trading centre, fishing and whaling centre and industrial metropolis.Hull was an early theatre of battle in the English Civil Wars. Its 18th-century Member of Parliament, William Wilberforce, took a prominent part in the abolition of the slave trade in Britain.
<Rhea_Chiles>	Rhea May Chiles (née Grafton; December 1, 1930 – November 8, 2015) was First Lady of Florida from 1991–98 during the tenure of her husband, Governor Lawton Chiles. In 2009, she was designated a Distinguished Floridian by the Florida Economics Club at an event hosted by former Florida Supreme Court Chief Justice Major B. Harding and keynoted by former United States Senator Sam Nunn.Rhea Chiles spearheaded the creation of Florida House on Capitol Hill, the only "State Embassy" in Washington D.C.In the late 1960s, Lawton and Rhea Chiles were visiting Washington D.C. on vacation with their young children. They got lost and found themselves on Embassy Row. One of the children said, "Let's go to Florida's embassy, and they will tell us where we are." They explained that only foreign countries had embassies and that states did not. The idea, however, intrigued Chiles.
<Sevilla_Atlético>	Sevilla Atlético is a Spanish football team based in Seville in the autonomous community of Andalusia. Founded in 1950, it is the reserve team of Sevilla FC. It plays in Segunda Federación, and holds home games at Estadio Jesús Navas, with a 7,500-seat capacity.Reserve teams in Spain play in the same football pyramid as their senior team rather than a separate league. Reserve teams cannot play in the same division as their senior team, so Sevilla Atlético is not eligible for promotion to La Liga, the division in which Sevilla's first team plays. Reserve teams are also no longer permitted to enter the Copa del Rey.Founded in 1950, Sevilla Atlético quickly reached Tercera División, winning the competition in 1961 and 1962 and also spending the 1962–63 season in Segunda División. After three years in the regional leagues in the early 1970s, the club returned to the third level in 1976.
<Eva_Lundgren>	Eva Lundgren (born November 24, 1947) is a Norwegian-Swedish sociologist. She is an expert on violence against women and sexual violence, particularly in religious contexts. She is Professor Emerita of sociology at Uppsala University.Lundgren is best known for developing the theory of the process of normalization of violence, according to which, abused women gradually adopt the perspective of their abusers. Lundgren has written several books on violence, sexuality and religion. She held a government-appointed chair of sociology at Uppsala University 1993–2011, to study "the relation between power and gender in family and society, particularly in regard to men's violence against women", and has been a Visiting Professor at several universities, including New York University. Since 2017 she has been active in the Me Too debate.A native of Flekkefjord, she started her career as a model and studied at the University of Bergen, where she earned her (6-year) Candidate's degree in Theology in 1978 and her doctoral degree in 1985. She was first employed as a Research Fellow at the University of Bergen, and was appointed an Associate Professor in 1986. She was head of the Department of Gender Studies at the University of Bergen 1987-1988, and was found to be competent as a full professor in 1988. In 1989, she was appointed a Docent (Reader) in Theology at Uppsala University, relocating to Stockholm.
<Narapatisithu>	Narapati Sithu (Burmese: နရပတိ စည်သူ, pronounced [nəɹa̰pətḭ sìðù]; also Narapatisithu, Sithu II or Cansu II; 1138–1211) was king of Pagan dynasty of Burma (Myanmar) from 1174 to 1211. He is considered the last important king of Pagan. His peaceful and prosperous reign gave rise to Burmese culture which finally emerged from the shadows of Mon and Pyu cultures. The Burman leadership of the kingdom was now unquestioned. The Pagan Empire reached its peak during his reign, and would decline gradually after his death.The reign saw many firsts in Burmese history. For the first time, the term Mranma (the Burmans) was openly used in Burmese language inscriptions. Burmese became the primary written language of the kingdom, replacing Mon and Pyu. The first Burmese customary law based on his grandfather Alaungsithu's judgments was compiled, and used as the common system of law for the entire kingdom. He founded the Royal Palace Guards, which later evolved to become the nucleus of the Burmese army in war time.He encouraged further reforms of the Burmese Buddhism. By the efforts of his primate Shin Uttarajiva, the majority of the Burmese Buddhist monks realigned themselves with the Mahavihara school of Ceylon.
<John_Hollis>	John Hollis (12 November 1927 – 18 October 2005) was a British actor of TV and film. He is known for his uncredited appearance as Ernst Stavro Blofeld in the James Bond film For Your Eyes Only, as well as for his appearances in the Superman films, Casino Royale, The Dirty Dozen, Flash Gordon, and The Empire Strikes Back.John Hollis was born Bertie Wyn Hollis in southwest London in 1927.
<Guinio_Ganev>	Ginyo Gochev Ganev (Bulgarian: Гиньо Гочев Ганев; 2 March 1928 – 18 December 2016) was a prominent Bulgarian politician, MP and national ombudsman. He is known as "Man-Parliament" as a deputy in 8 consecutive National Assemblies (3 before 10 November 1989 and 5 thereafter). On 13 April 2005 he was selected from the 39 National Assembly for the first National Ombudsman of the Republic of Bulgaria.He graduated from the Law Faculty of Sofia University. Then he married the daughter of Kimon Georgiev, the first Prime Minister of Bulgaria after the 1944 coup d'état.
<Montreal>	Montreal (/ˌmʌntriˈɔːl/ (listen) MUN-tree-AWL; officially Montréal, French: [mɔ̃ʁeal] (listen)) is the second-most populous city in Canada and most populous city in the Canadian province of Quebec. Founded in 1642 as Ville-Marie, or "City of Mary", it is named after Mount Royal, the triple-peaked hill around which the early city of Ville-Marie is built. The city is centred on the Island of Montreal, which obtained its name from the same origin as the city, and a few much smaller peripheral islands, the largest of which is Île Bizard. The city is 196 km (122 mi) east of the national capital Ottawa, and 258 km (160 mi) southwest of the provincial capital, Quebec City.As of 2021, the city had a population of 1,762,949, and a metropolitan  population of 4,291,732, making it the second-largest city, and second-largest metropolitan area in Canada. French is the city's official language. In 2021, it was spoken at home by 59.1% of the population and 69.2% in the Montreal Census Metropolitan Area. Overall, 85.7% of the population of the city of Montreal considered themselves fluent in French while 90.2% could speak it in the metropolitan area. Montreal is one of the most bilingual cities in Quebec and Canada, with 58.5% of the population able to speak both English and French.
<Mother_(TV_series)>	A mother is a female parent.Mother  may also refer to:
<Paddy_Glynn>	Patrick McMahon Glynn KC (25 August 1855 – 28 October 1931) was an Irish-Australian lawyer and politician. He served in the House of Representatives from 1901 to 1919, and was a government minister under three prime ministers, as Attorney-General (1909–1910), Minister for External Affairs (1913–1914) and Minister for Home and Territories (1917–1920). Prior to entering federal politics, Glynn was involved in the drafting of the Constitution of Australia. Born in Ireland, he arrived in Australia in 1880 and served three terms in the South Australian House of Assembly, as well as a brief stint as Attorney-General of South Australia.Glynn was born on 25 August 1855 in Gort, County Galway, Ireland. He was the third of eleven children born to Ellen (née Wallsh) and John McMahon Glynn; his father ran a large general store. His younger brother was Joseph Glynn.Glynn received his initial schooling in Gort from the Sisters of Mercy. In 1869, he began boarding at Blackrock College on the outskirts of Dublin, where he won prizes in French, Latin and Greek. He left school in 1872 and began reading law, serving his articles of clerkship with a local solicitor James Blaquiere. Glynn enrolled at Trinity College Dublin, graduating Bachelor of Arts in 1878 and also attending the King's Inns in preparation for a career as a barrister. After a period in London at the Middle Temple he was called to the Irish Bar in April 1879.
<Rosemary_Theby>	Rosemary Theresa Theby (born Rose Masing, April 8, 1892 – November 10, 1973) was an American film actress. She appeared in some 250 films between 1911 and 1940.The daughter of George and Katherine Masing, Theby was born in St. Louis, Missouri. She studied at the Convent of St. Alphonsus in St. Louis and at Sargent's School in New York City. A contemporary newspaper account described her as being of "medium-height, well proportioned, with regular features and dark hair".
<Mignon_Anderson>	Mignon Anderson (March 31, 1892 – February 25, 1983) was an American film and stage actress. Her career was at its peak in the 1910s.Born in Baltimore, Anderson was the daughter of Hallie Howard and Frank Anderson, who were also actors. She grew up in New York City and acted on stage before she ventured into films.In 1911, she joined Thanhouser Studios in New Rochelle, New York. She was very diminutive and a blonde. Anderson starred alongside William Garwood in a number of short films including A New Cure for Divorce in 1912.
<John_Kingman>	Sir John Frank Charles Kingman FRS (born 28 August 1939) is a British mathematician. He served as N. M. Rothschild and Sons Professor of Mathematical Sciences and Director of the Isaac Newton Institute at the University of Cambridge from 2001 until 2006, when he was succeeded by David Wallace. He is known for developing the mathematics of the Coalescent theory, a theoretical model of inheritance, which is fundamental to modern population genetics.The grandson of a coal miner and son of a government scientist with a PhD in chemistry, Kingman was born in Beckenham, Kent, and grew up in the outskirts of London, where he attended Christ's College, Finchley, which was then a state grammar school. He was awarded a scholarship to read mathematics at Pembroke College, Cambridge, in 1956. On graduating in 1960, he began work on his PhD under the supervision of Peter Whittle, studying queueing theory, Markov chains and regenerative phenomena.
<Elizabeth_Hartman>	Mary Elizabeth Hartman (December 23, 1943 – June 10, 1987) was an American actress of the stage and screen. She debuted in the popular 1965 film A Patch of Blue, playing a blind girl named Selina D'Arcy, opposite Sidney Poitier, a role for which she was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress and a Golden Globe Award.She appeared in Francis Ford Coppola's You're a Big Boy Now as Barbara Darling, for which she was nominated for a second Golden Globe Award.
<Barnum_(musical)>	Barnum is an American musical with a book by Mark Bramble, lyrics by Michael Stewart, and music by Cy Coleman.  It is based on the life of showman P. T. Barnum, covering the period from 1835 through 1880 in America and major cities of the world where Barnum took his performing companies.  The production combines elements of traditional musical theater with the spectacle of the circus.  The characters include jugglers, trapeze artists and clowns, as well as such real-life personalities as Jenny Lind and General Tom Thumb.The original Broadway production ran for 854 performances and was followed by a London production, among others.In the middle of the 19th century, Phineas Taylor (P.T.) Barnum introduces his circus acts as he stands in front of a tent, proclaiming ("There Is a Sucker Born Ev'ry Minute"). He loves spectacle and excitement, using hype and "humbug" to promote his exhibits. His wife Charity disagrees with his use of "humbug" but loves him and aims to keep him grounded. Barnum then introduces the oldest woman alive, Joice Heth, and thanks to some Barnum humbug she becomes a success ("Thank God I'm Old"). His wife Charity ("Chairy") urges him to get a job in a factory, but Barnum refuses ("The Colors of My Life [Part One]") and Charity wryly admits and accepts the disparity between their views ("The Colors of My Life [Part Two]"). Barnum enlists clowns to help in building a museum to house his attractions (with expected comical results) and it's up to Charity to encourage him to keep going ("One Brick at a Time"), with the result that "everything about [his] museum was spectacular" ("Museum Song"); however, the museum burns down accidentally. Barnum finds two new star attractions, Tom Thumb, who appears to advise that "Bigger Isn't Better", and Jumbo the elephant. Barnum then becomes manager of the famous Swedish opera singer Jenny Lind ("Love Makes Such Fools of Us All"). Barnum becomes enamored of her and sees the attraction of going on tour with her ("Out There"). He accompanies Jenny on tour, leaving Charity behind, as a marching band greets them ("Come Follow the Band"). Although all seems to be going well for Barnum, he finds that without Charity in his life he is miserable, and he decides to break ties with Jenny and return home to the woman he loves ("Love Makes Such Fools of Us All [Reprise]"). Upon his return to Charity, he promises to live the more sedate life she desires for him, in "Black and White." After a failed stint running a clockworks factory and a failed attempt to build his own city, he turns to politics; when his campaign looks doomed to fail due to lack of interest, Charity realizes how important his talents and passion are in his life and allows him to inject color and life into his campaign. He is elected Mayor of Bridgeport, and the two of them recognize the value in each other's approach to life and how they complement one another ("The Colors of My Life [Reprise]"). Barnum is prepared to run for Senator, but his beloved Charity dies suddenly, leaving Barnum bereft and alone. When Barnum finds himself cheated of the Senatortial nomination by his political party, he laments his position, realizes that his talent for Humbug will never leave him and wishes to "make it right, shoot a rocket, shine a light" ("Prince of Humbug"). James Anthony Bailey arrives and offers him the chance to "Join the Circus". Initially resisting, he relents (thanks in part to Charity's two-headed coin, which she has used to humbug him throughout the show) and joins Bailey, and they form the famous circus Barnum and Bailey.
<Juanlu_(footballer,_born_1984)>	Juan Luis Hens Lorite (born 7 February 1984), commonly known as Juanlu, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a right midfielder.Juanlu was born in Fuente Palmera, Province of Córdoba. After starting out at local Córdoba CF he moved to Valencia CF in January 2003, playing mostly for their reserves. On 23 January 2005, he appeared in his first and only official match with the first team, against Villarreal CF: he came on as a substitute for Francisco Rufete in the seventh minute, being himself replaced at half-time by Marco Di Vaio in an eventual 1–3 away loss.After a loan at UE Lleida, Juanlu was released and resumed his career also in the second division, settling with CD Tenerife and contributing with four goals in 35 games in his second season as the club returned to La Liga after seven years.
<Doug_Gaffka>	Douglas Fredrick Gaffka is an American automotive designer who is best known for his work as the chief designer for the Taurus and Sable vehicle programs in 1994 and the Mustang in 1999. Since April 2001, Gaffka has been the design director of Ford Motor Company's Living Legends vehicle program, in which he oversees the development of classic Ford nameplates, like the Thunderbird and Mustang, as well as new vehicle design. He graduated from the Center for Creative Studies in Detroit, Michigan with a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in 1978. He then joined Ford that same year. Since joining the company in 1978,  he has held a number of vehicle design-related positions for Ford's North American operations and has worked in Ford's German and Australian operations. Gaffka was the chief designer for the Taurus and Sable vehicle programs in 1994, the Mustang in 1999, and the Thunderbird in 2001. He was also the chief designer behind the 2008 Mustang Bullitt and 2010 Mustang.
<Target_Corporation>	Target Corporation (doing business as Target and stylized in all lowercase since 2018) is an American big box department store chain headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota. It is the seventh largest retailer in the United States, and a component of the S&P 500 Index. Target was established as the discount division of Dayton's department store of Minneapolis in 1962. It began expanding the store nationwide in the 1980s (as part of the Dayton-Hudson Corporation), and introduced new store formats under the Target brand in the 1990s. The company has found success as a cheap-chic player in the industry. The parent company was renamed Target Corporation in 2000, and divested itself of its last department store chains in 2004. It suffered from a massive, highly publicized security breach of customer credit card data and the failure of its short-lived Target Canada subsidiary in the early 2010s, but experienced revitalized success with its expansion in urban markets within the United States. As of 2019[update], Target operates 1,931 stores throughout the United States, and is ranked number 37 on the 2020 Fortune 500 list of the largest U.S. corporations by total revenue. Their retail formats include the discount store Target, the hypermarket SuperTarget, and "small-format" stores previously named CityTarget and TargetExpress before being consolidated under the Target branding.
<Maccabi_Haifa_F.C.>	Maccabi Haifa Football Club (Hebrew: מועדון הכדורגל מכבי חיפה, Moadon HaKaduregel Maccabi Haifa) is an Israeli professional football club, based in the city of Haifa, Israel, a section of Maccabi Haifa sports club. The club plays in the Israeli Premier League. Maccabi Haifa home games are played at Sammy Ofer Stadium. The stadium, which is shared with rivals Hapoel Haifa, is the second largest in Israeli football, with a capacity of 30,858.Maccabi Haifa is one of the "Big Four" clubs in Israeli football. The meaning of the name Maccabi – 'there is no one like you among the gods' – also refers to the Star of David in the team's logo. The side has won fourteen league titles, six State Cups and five Toto Cups. Maccabi Haifa has won the championship and the cup in the same season (referred to as winning the "double") once, and was the first Israeli club to qualify for the group stage of the UEFA Champions League, in the 2002–03 UEFA Champions League season. Maccabi Haifa holds the record, for the most Champions League group stage qualifications for an Israeli team in three occasions. In 2020–21, Maccabi Haifa won the Israeli Premier League, their first championship in a decade.
<Demetrios_Christodoulou>	Demetrios Christodoulou (Greek: Δημήτριος Χριστοδούλου; born 19 October 1951) is a Greek mathematician and physicist, who first became well known for his proof, together with Sergiu Klainerman, of the nonlinear stability of the Minkowski spacetime of special relativity in the framework of general relativity. Christodoulou is a 1993 MacArthur Fellow.Christodoulou was born in Athens and received his doctorate in physics from Princeton University in 1971 under the direction of John Archibald Wheeler. After temporary positions at Caltech, CERN, and the Max Planck Institute for Physics,  he became Professor of Mathematics, first at Syracuse University, then at the Courant Institute, and at Princeton University, before taking up his last position as Professor of Mathematics and Physics at the ETH Zurich in Switzerland. He is Emeritus Professor since January 2017. He holds dual Greek and U.S. citizenship.
<Bradford>	Bradford is a city and the administrative centre of the City of Bradford district in West Yorkshire, England. The city is in the Pennines' eastern foothills on the banks of the Bradford Beck. Bradford had a population of 349,561 at the 2011 census; the second-largest population centre in the county after Leeds, which is 9 miles (14 km) to the east of the city. It shares a continuous built-up area with the towns of Shipley, Silsden, Bingley and Keighley in the district as well as with the metropolitan county's other districts. Its name is also given to Bradford Beck.It became a West Riding of Yorkshire municipal borough in 1847 and received its city charter in 1897. Since local government reform in 1974, the city is the administrative centre of a wider metropolitan district, city hall is the meeting place of Bradford City Council. The district has civil parishes and unparished areas and had a population of 539,776, making it the 7th most populous district in England. 
<Cold_Spring_Harbor_Laboratory>	Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory (CSHL) is a private, non-profit institution with research programs focusing on cancer, neuroscience, plant biology, genomics, and quantitative biology.It is one of 68 institutions supported by the Cancer Centers Program of the U.S. National Cancer Institute (NCI) and has been an NCI-designated Cancer Center since 1987.  The Laboratory is one of a handful of institutions that played a central role in the development of molecular genetics and molecular biology.It has been home to eight scientists who have been awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. CSHL is ranked among the leading basic research institutions in molecular biology and genetics with Thomson Reuters ranking it #1 in the world.  CSHL was also ranked #1 in research output worldwide by Nature. The Laboratory is led by Bruce Stillman, a biochemist and cancer researcher.
<ESPN_Asia>	Fox Sports (formerly ESPN Star Sports) was a pan-Asian pay television network broadcasting in Asia, operated by Fox Networks Group Asia Pacific, a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company (Southeast Asia) Pte. Ltd. It also oversaw a version of Star Sports available in Mainland China and South Korea.Originally launched in early 1990s as Star Sports (earlier Prime Sports) and ESPN by Satellite Television Asian Region (Star TV) and ESPN International respectively, both parties agreed to combine their operations in Asia in October 1996. News Corporation took the full control of the venture in 2012, and relaunched the channels in two phases in January 2013 and August 2014, respectively.
<University_of_California,_San_Diego>	The University of California, San Diego (UC San Diego or colloquially, UCSD) is a public land-grant research university in San Diego, California. Established in 1960 near the pre-existing Scripps Institution of Oceanography, UC San Diego is the southernmost of the ten campuses of the University of California, and offers over 200 undergraduate and graduate degree programs, enrolling 33,096 undergraduate and 9,872 graduate students. The university occupies 2,178 acres (881 ha) near the coast of the Pacific Ocean, with the main campus resting on approximately 1,152 acres (466 ha). UC San Diego is ranked among the best universities in the world by major college and university rankings.UC San Diego consists of twelve undergraduate, graduate and professional schools as well as seven undergraduate residential colleges. It received over 140,000 applications for undergraduate admissions in Fall 2021, making it the second most applied-to university in the United States. UC San Diego Health, the region's only academic health system, provides patient care, conducts medical research and educates future health care professionals at the UC San Diego Medical Center, Hillcrest, Jacobs Medical Center, Moores Cancer Center, Sulpizio Cardiovascular Center, Shiley Eye Institute, Institute for Genomic Medicine, Koman Family Outpatient Pavilion and various express care and urgent care clinics throughout San Diego.
<Julius_Youngner>	Julius S. Youngner (24 October 1920 – 27 April 2017) was an American Distinguished Service Professor in the School of Medicine and Department of Microbiology & Molecular Genetics at University of Pittsburgh responsible for advances necessary for development of a vaccine for poliomyelitis and the first intranasal equine influenza vaccine.Youngner survived many infections as a young child which left him with a lifelong interest in infectious disease. After completing an undergraduate degree in English, he was trained in Biology at University of Michigan before being drafted into the Army. After the war, he joined the U.S. Public Health Service, National Institutes of Health Cancer Institute before joining the Salk team responsible for polio vaccine.As a member of the Jonas Salk research team, Youngner contributed in the development of polio vaccine, including techniques for large scale production of poliovirus and the rapid color test measurement of polio virus in living tissue. He is considered "one of the seminal figures in contemporary virology and it's been that way for more than 50 years" by Arthur S. Levine, senior vice chancellor for the health sciences at University of Pittsburgh. Research by Youngner and colleague Samuel Salvin was also responsible for the discovery of gamma interferon.
<Rutgers_University>	Rutgers University (/ˈrʌtɡərz/; RU), officially Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey, is a public land-grant research university consisting of four campuses in New Jersey.  Chartered in 1766, Rutgers was originally called Queen's College, and was affiliated with the Dutch Reformed Church. It is the eighth-oldest college in the United States, the second-oldest in New Jersey (after Princeton University), and one of the nine U.S. colonial colleges that were chartered before the American Revolution. In 1825, Queen's College was renamed Rutgers College in honor of Colonel Henry Rutgers, whose substantial gift to the school had stabilized its finances during a period of uncertainty. For most of its existence, Rutgers was a private liberal arts college but it has evolved into a coeducational public research university after being designated The State University of New Jersey by the New Jersey Legislature via laws enacted in 1945 and 1956.Rutgers today has four distinct campuses; Rutgers University–New Brunswick (including grounds in adjacent Piscataway), Rutgers University–Newark, Rutgers University–Camden, and Rutgers Biomedical and Health Sciences. The university has additional facilities elsewhere in the state, including oceanographic research facilities at the New Jersey shore.
<Lokalavisene_Oslo>	As the capital of Norway, Oslo holds the headquarters of most national newspapers in Norway. On the other hand, there have been discussions on the lack of local newspapers covering the communities and day-to-day affairs of the boroughs of Oslo. At various times, there have been efforts to prop up local newspapers. The 1920s saw a wave of establishments which restricted themselves to covering specific outer boroughs of the former Aker municipality. The early 21st century saw several new borough-specific newspapers emerge, alongside some publications seeking to cover the politics of the city as a whole.Throughout the 1990s and 2000s, the two main competitors were Schibsted, which owned Aftenposten Aften, and a company called Lokalavisene Oslo. At the time, Lokalavisene Oslo published the Nordstrands Blad, Østkantavisa, Lokalavisen Groruddalen, Lokalavisen Frogner/St. Hanshaugen, Nordre Aker Budstikke and Ullern Avis Akersposten. The company employed two editors-in-chief who were responsible for three newspapers each.Both Aftenposten Aften and the mini-conglomerate Lokalavisene Oslo went defunct, the latter after a series of ownership changes.
<Vitan_Sud_Beej>	Vitan Sud Beej (Gujarati: વિતાન સુદ બીજ) is an anthology of poems written by Ramesh Parekh in the Gujarati language. The book won the Sahitya Akademi Award for Gujarati in 1994.The book was published in 1989 by Gujarat Sahitya Akademi. Later, the poems in this book were included in Chha Aksharnu Naam ("Name of Six Alphabet"), the complete works of Ramesh Parekh, published by Gujarat Sahitya Akademi.
<Michael_Tylo>	Michael Edward Tylo (October 16, 1948 – September 28, 2021) was an American actor.Among his numerous soap opera roles, he was best known for his portrayal of Quinton Chamberlain on Guiding Light. He played the role from 1981 to 1985 and again from 1996 to 1997. He was half of the very popular supercouple Quint and Nola, with the role of Nola played by actress Lisa Brown.Tylo also appeared on the soap operas All My Children (as Matt Connolly), General Hospital (as Charlie Prince), and The Young and the Restless as Blade Bladeson and Rick Bladeson. He also made a brief appearance in The Bold and the Beautiful (as Sherman Gale). In addition to soaps, Tylo has done several movie and television roles, including two seasons as Alcalde Luis Ramon in Zorro and as Dee Boot in Lonesome Dove.
<BMW_3_Series_(E21)>	The BMW E21 is the first generation of the BMW 3 Series compact executive cars, which were produced from June 1975 to 1983 and replaced the BMW 02 Series. The series was exclusively built in a two-door sedan body style (except for convertibles made by Baur). Contrary to its predecessor, a 'Touring' body with a sloped rear hatch was no longer offered.Initial models were produced with carburetted four-cylinder petrol engines of 1.6 L, 1.8 L, and 2.0 L. Fuel-injection was introduced in late 1975 on the 320i – but in 1977, a carburetted inline 6-cylinder engine replaced both the 320 and 320i models, while a detuned version of the four-cylinder injection went on sale in the United States. In 1978, the 3-series received its first fuel-injected six-cylinder in the 323i; and in 1981, a bottom end detuned 1.6 L was offered in the 315.
<Clara_Zetkin>	Clara Zetkin (/ˈzɛtkɪn/; German: [ˈtsɛtkiːn]; née Eißner [ˈaɪsnɐ]; 5 July 1857 – 20 June 1933) was a German Marxist theorist, communist activist, and advocate for women's rights.Until 1917, she was active in the Social Democratic Party of Germany. She then joined the Independent Social Democratic Party of Germany (USPD) and its far-left wing, the Spartacist League. This later became the Communist Party of Germany (KPD), which she represented in the Reichstag during the Weimar Republic from 1920 to 1933.
<Gennifer_Flowers>	Gennifer Flowers (born January 24, 1950) is an American author, singer, model, actress, former State of Arkansas employee, and former TV journalist.  In January 1998, President Bill Clinton testified under oath that he had a sexual encounter with Flowers.During Bill Clinton's 1992 presidential election campaign, Flowers came forward to say that she had had a 12-year extramarital relationship with Clinton, and that he had assisted her in securing a job as an administrative assistant with the Arkansas Appeal Tribunal. The State of Arkansas fired Flowers in early 1992 for failing to show up to work.
<Shari_Belafonte>	Shari Lynn Belafonte (born September 22, 1954) is an American actress, model, writer and singer. The daughter of singer Harry Belafonte, she began her career as a fashion model before making her big screen debut appearing in the 1982 drama film If You Could See What I Hear. She is best known for her role as Julie Gillette in the ABC drama series Hotel from 1983 to 1988. She later went to star in the Canadian science fiction series Beyond Reality (1991–93). Belafonte also released two studio albums in the 1980s, and acted on stage in later years.Shari Belafonte is the second daughter of Marguerite (née Byrd), a psychologist, and New York-born Harry Belafonte, a singer and actor. Her parents separated when her mother was pregnant with her. She attended Georgetown Day School in Washington, DC, Windsor Mountain School in Lenox, Massachusetts and Buxton School in Williamstown, Massachusetts, then Hampshire College in Amherst, Massachusetts before transferring to Carnegie-Mellon University in Pittsburgh where she earned her Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in drama. Her paternal grandmother was born in Jamaica, the child of a Scottish Jamaican mother and an Afro-Jamaican father. Her paternal grandfather also was born in Jamaica, the child of a black mother and Dutch-Jewish father of Sephardic Jewish descent. Harry, Jr. was raised Catholic.
<Jay_Asher>	Jay Asher (born September 30, 1975) is an American writer and novelist. He is best known for writing the bestselling 2007 book Thirteen Reasons Why.Asher was born in Arcadia, California, on September 30, 1975. He is half Jewish. He attended Cuesta Community College and later California Polytechnic State University in San Luis Obispo, before leaving during his junior year to pursue his career as a writer. Asher spent years trying to kick-start a career writing children's picture books.[citation needed] During this time, Asher worked at a shoe store, a trophy shop, libraries, and bookstores.Asher has published four books: Thirteen Reasons Why, a 2007 New York Times best-selling young-adult fiction novel; The Future of Us, co-written by Carolyn Mackler; What Light; and Piper. Asher has also written several picture books and middle school humor novels. Thirteen Reasons Why won several awards and received five stars from Teen Book Review. It also received high praise from Ellen Hopkins, Sherman Alexie, Chris Crutcher, and Gordon Korman.
<Tracy_Wright>	Tracy Wright (December 7, 1959 – June 22, 2010) was a Canadian actress who was known for her stage and film performances, as well as her presence in Canada's avant-garde for over 20 years.In 1989, she was a founding member of the Toronto's Augusta Company, along with her future husband Don McKellar and Daniel Brooks, and worked regularly throughout her theatre career with Brooks, McKellar, and Canadian writers and directors including Nadia Ross, Jacob Wren, Daniel MacIvor, Hillar Liitoja, Paul Bettis, and Sky Gilbert.In film, she worked closely with McKellar and Bruce McDonald whose Highway 61 (1991) was one of her first major film roles; McDonald's This Movie Is Broken and Trigger (both released in 2010) were her last films. She was also known for her roles in films such as Wasaga (1994), When Night Is Falling (1995), Last Night (1998), Elimination Dance (1998), Superstar (1999), Me and You and Everyone We Know (2005), Monkey Warfare (2006), and You Are Here (2010). Highlights of her television appearances include The Kids in the Hall and Twitch City.
<Trio_(TV_network)>	Trio (stylized as TR!O) is a former American cable and satellite television network.Trio went on the air in 1994, then originally owned and operated jointly by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation and Power Broadcasting Inc. (a subsidiary of Power Corporation of Canada) along with 24-hour international news channel Newsworld International. The channel served as a venue for airing the CBC's arts, culture and entertainment programming in the U.S. It was sold to USA Networks in 2000, and was subsequently transferred to Vivendi Universal and later NBC Universal.With the slogan, "pop, culture, TV", Trio programming under Vivendi/NBC Universal ownership focused on television as a cultural tool and art form.
<Royal_Antwerp_F.C.>	Royal Antwerp Football Club, often referred to as Royal Antwerp or simply Antwerp, is a Belgian football club based in the city of Antwerp. Founded around 1880 as Antwerp Cricket Club by English students residing in Antwerp, 15 years before the creation of the Royal Belgian Football Association, Antwerp is regarded as the oldest club in Belgium. At first there was no organised football played by its members, until 1887 when the football division was founded with an own board, named Antwerp Football Club. Being the oldest active club at the time, it was the first club to register to the Association in 1895. Consequently, when matriculation numbers were introduced in 1926, the club received matriculate number one.Over the course of the club's history, Royal Antwerp have won four Belgian league titles as well as three Belgian Cups.  In 1900, most of the players left the club for the new neighbouring club of K. Beerschot V.A.C., and this was the start of a long rivalry between both clubs.
<Point_of_Impact>	The point of impact is the point to where a munition such as a bullet or artillery shell is delivered: see Ballistic impact.Point of Impact may refer to:
<University_of_Strathclyde>	The University of Strathclyde (Scottish Gaelic: Oilthigh Shrath Chluaidh) is a public research university located in Glasgow, Scotland. Founded in 1796 as the Andersonian Institute, it is Glasgow's second-oldest university, having received its royal charter in 1964 as the first technological university in the United Kingdom. Taking its name from the historic Kingdom of Strathclyde, it is Scotland's third-largest university by number of students, with students and staff from over 100 countries.The institution was named University of the Year 2012 by Times Higher Education and again in 2019, becoming the first university to receive this award twice. The annual income of the institution for 2019–20 was £334.8 million of which £81.2 million was from research grants and contracts, with an expenditure of £298.8 million..
<Saab_900>	The Saab 900 is a mid-sized automobile which was produced by Saab from 1978 until 1998 in two generations; the first from 1978 to 1993, and the second from 1994 to 1998.The first-generation car was based on the Saab 99 chassis, though with a longer front end to meet U.S. frontal crash regulations[citation needed]. The 900 was produced in 2- and 4-door sedan, and 3- and 5-door hatchback configurations and, from 1986, as a cabriolet (convertible) model. There were single- and twin-Zenith carburettor; fuel injected, and turbocharged engines, including both Full Pressure Turbo (FPT), and, in European models during the early 1990s, Low Pressure Turbos (LPT).The Saab 900 is a front-engine, front-wheel-drive mid-size car with a longitudinally mounted, 45-degree slanted, inline four-cylinder engine, double wishbone front suspension and beam-axle rear suspension. It was originally introduced on 12 May 1978, for the 1979 model year. Sales commenced in the fall of 1978.
<Asif_Ali_Zardari>	Asif Ali Zardari (Urdu: آصف علی زرداری; Sindhi: آصف علي زرداري; born 26 July 1955) is a Pakistani politician who is the president of Pakistan Peoples Party Parliamentarians and was the co-chairperson of Pakistan People's Party. He served as the 11th president of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013, the first president born after Independence. He is the widower of twice-elected former Prime Minister of Pakistan Benazir Bhutto. He has been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan since August 2018.The son of Hakim Ali Zardari, a landowner from Sindh, Zardari rose to prominence after his marriage to Benazir Bhutto in 1987, who became the Prime Minister of Pakistan after her election in 1988. When Bhutto's government was dismissed by President Ghulam Ishaq Khan in 1990, Zardari was widely criticized for involvement in corruption scandals that led to its collapse. When Bhutto was reelected in 1993, Zardari served as Federal Investment Minister and Chairperson of Pakistan Environmental Protection Council. Following increasing tensions between Bhutto's brother Murtaza and Zardari, Murtaza was killed by police in Karachi on 20 September 1996. Bhutto's government was dismissed a month later by President Farooq Leghari, while Zardari was arrested and indicted for Murtaza's murder as well as corruption charges.
<Kompas_Gramedia_Group>	Kompas Gramedia is an Indonesian conglomerate.  It has focused on several businesses, predominantly mass media, as well as hospitality, manufacturing, and event organizing.The company's businesses comprises multiple divisions, such as media assets (including Kompas daily newspaper; the Kompas TV television network; Sonora radio network; and the Gramedia bookstore chain), the Santika Indonesia hospitality chain, Dyandra event organization firm, and as well as Graha Bumi Hijau, a tissue paper manufacturer known with its iconic brand Tessa.
<Sporting_de_Gijón>	Real Sporting de Gijón, S.A.D. (Spanish pronunciation: [reˈal esˈpoɾtin de xiˈxon]), commonly known as Real Sporting, Sporting Gijón, or simply Sporting (although in an international context this can lead to confusion with Sporting Clube de Portugal) is a Spanish football club from Gijón, Principality of Asturias. Founded on 1 July 1905, it plays in La Liga Santander. Known as Los Rojiblancos because of their red and white striped jerseys, their home ground is El Molinón stadium, the oldest professional football ground in Spain, in use since at least 1908. Traditionally their red and white shirts are accompanied by blue shorts with the socks recently also being blue. Its Asturian name is Real Sporting de Xixón.The most important milestones of the club were in the 1970s and 1980s, when it finished as runner-up of the 1978–79 La Liga and played two finals of the Copa del Rey in 1981 and 1982.
<Troy_Donahue>	Troy Donahue (born Merle Johnson Jr., January 27, 1936 – September 2, 2001) was an American film and television actor and singer. He was a popular sex symbol in the 1950s and 1960s.Born in New York City, Donahue was the son of a retired stage actress and the manager of the motion-picture department of General Motors. Donahue stated in a 1959 interview:
<James_Clerk_Maxwell>	James Clerk Maxwell FRSE FRS (13 June 1831 – 5 November 1879) was a Scottish mathematician and scientist responsible for the classical theory of electromagnetic radiation, which was the first theory to describe electricity, magnetism and light as different manifestations of the same phenomenon. Maxwell's equations for electromagnetism have been called the "second great unification in physics" where the first one had been realised by Isaac Newton.With the publication of "A Dynamical Theory of the Electromagnetic Field" in 1865, Maxwell demonstrated that electric and magnetic fields travel through space as waves moving at the speed of light.  He proposed that light is an undulation in the same medium that is the cause of electric and magnetic phenomena. The unification of light and electrical phenomena led to his prediction of the existence of radio waves. Maxwell is also regarded as a founder of the modern field of electrical engineering.
<Jack_Nicklaus>	Jack William Nicklaus (born January 21, 1940), nicknamed The Golden Bear, is a retired American professional golfer and golf course designer. He is widely considered to be one of the greatest golfers of all time. He won 117 professional tournaments in his career. Over a quarter-century, he won a record 18 major championships, three more than second-placed Tiger Woods. Nicklaus focused on the major championships—the Masters Tournament, U.S. Open, Open Championship and PGA Championship—and played a selective schedule of regular PGA Tour events. He competed in 164 major tournaments, more than any other player, and finished with 73 PGA Tour victories, third behind Sam Snead (82) and Woods (82).Nicklaus won the U.S. Amateur in 1959 and 1961 and finished second in the 1960 U.S. Open, two shots behind Arnold Palmer. Nicklaus turned professional at age 21 toward the end of 1961. He earned his first professional victory at the 1962 U.S. Open, defeating Palmer by three shots in a next-day 18-hole playoff and launching a rivalry between golf superstars. In 1966, Nicklaus became the first player to win the Masters Tournament two years running; he also won The Open Championship, becoming at age 26 the youngest player to win all four golf majors. He won another Open Championship in 1970.
<Ronnie_Ekelund>	Ronnie Michael Ekelund (born 21 August 1972) is a Danish former professional footballer who played as both a midfielder and forward.He notably played in La Liga for Barcelona and in the Premier League for Southampton and Manchester City. In his native land he played Brøndby IF where he won two Danish football championships and later had spells with Lyngby and Odense Boldklub. He would also play in Ligue 1 with Toulouse and in the English Football League with Walsall before finishing his career in the United States with Major League Soccer side San Jose Earthquakes. Ekelund played 21 matches and scored three goals for the Danish under-21 national team and represented Denmark at the 1992 Summer Olympics football tournament. He was named 1988 Danish under-17 Talent of the Year.
<Chris_Huhne>	Christopher Murray Paul-Huhne (born 2 July 1954), known as Chris Huhne, is a British energy and climate change consultant and former journalist and politician who was the Liberal Democrat Member of Parliament for Eastleigh from 2005 to 2013 and the Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change from 2010 to 2012. From September 2013 to August 2014 he wrote a weekly column for The Guardian.On 3 February 2012, Huhne resigned from the Cabinet when he was charged with perverting the course of justice over a 2003 speeding case. His wife at the time, Vicky Pryce, had claimed that she was driving the car, and accepted the licence penalty points on his behalf so that he could avoid being banned from driving. Huhne denied the charge until the trial began on 4 February 2013 when he changed his plea to guilty, resigned as a member of parliament, and left the Privy Council. He and Pryce were sentenced at Southwark Crown Court on 11 March to eight months in prison for perverting the course of justice. He served nine weeks of this sentence at HMP Leyhill in Gloucestershire before he was released.
<Brentford_F.C.>	Brentford Football Club is a professional football club in Brentford, West London, England, which competes in the Premier League, the highest tier of English football, having gained promotion via the playoffs at the end of the 2020–21 Championship season. Nicknamed "The Bees", the club was founded in 1889 and played home matches at Griffin Park from 1904 before moving to Gtech Community Stadium in 2020. Their main rivals are fellow West London-based clubs Fulham and Queens Park Rangers. Brentford initially played amateur football before they entered the London League in 1896 and finished as runners-up of the Second Division and then the First Division to win election into the Southern League in 1898. They won the Southern League Second Division in 1900–01 and were elected into the Football League in 1920. Brentford won the Third Division South title in 1932–33 and the Second Division title in 1934–35. The club enjoyed a successful spell in the top flight of English football, reaching a peak of fifth in the First Division, in 1935–36, their highest ever league finish, before three relegations left them in the Fourth Division by 1962. They were crowned Fourth Division champions in 1962–63, but were relegated in 1966 and again in 1973 after gaining promotion in 1971–72. Brentford spent 14 seasons in the Third Division after gaining promotion in 1977–78 and went on to win the Third Division title in 1991–92, though were relegated again in 1993.
<Anouk_Aimée>	Nicole Françoise Florence Dreyfus (born 27 April 1932), known professionally as Anouk Aimée (French pronunciation: ​[an'uk ɛm'e]) or Anouk, is a French film actress, who has appeared in 70 films since 1947, having begun her film career at age 14. In her early years, she studied acting and dance besides her regular education. Although the majority of her films were French, she also made films in Spain, Great Britain, Italy and Germany, along with some American productions.Among her films are Federico Fellini's La Dolce Vita (1960), after which she was considered a "rising star who exploded" onto the film world. She subsequently acted in Fellini's 8½ (1963), Jacques Demy's Lola (1961), George Cukor's Justine (1969), Bernardo Bertolucci's Tragedy of a Ridiculous Man (1981) and Robert Altman's Prêt à Porter (1994). She won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress - Motion Picture Drama and the BAFTA Award for Best Actress and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress for her acting in A Man and a Woman (1966). The film "virtually reignited the lush on-screen romance in an era of skeptical modernism," and brought her international fame.
<Roy_J._Glauber>	Roy Jay Glauber (September 1, 1925 – December 26, 2018) was an American theoretical physicist. He was the Mallinckrodt Professor of Physics at Harvard University and Adjunct Professor of Optical Sciences at the University of Arizona. Born in New York City, he was awarded one half of the 2005 Nobel Prize in Physics "for his contribution to the quantum theory of optical coherence", with the other half shared by John L. Hall and Theodor W. Hänsch. In this work, published in 1963, he created a model for photodetection and explained the fundamental characteristics of different types of light, such as laser light (see coherent state) and light from light bulbs (see blackbody). His theories are widely used in the field of quantum optics. In statistical physics he pioneered the study of the dynamics of first-order phase transitions, since he first defined and investigated the stochastic dynamics of an Ising model in a largely influential paper published in 1963.  He served on the National Advisory Board of the Center for Arms Control and Non-Proliferation, the research arms of Council for a Livable World.Glauber was born in 1925 in New York City, the son of Felicia (Fox) and Emanuel B. Glauber. He was a member of the 1941 graduating class of the Bronx High School of Science, the first graduating class from that school.  He then went on to do his undergraduate work at Harvard University. After his sophomore year he was recruited to work on the Manhattan Project, where (at the age of 18) he was one of the youngest scientists at Los Alamos National Laboratory. His work involved calculating the critical mass for the atom bomb. After two years at Los Alamos, he returned to Harvard, receiving his bachelor's degree in 1946 and his PhD in 1949.Glauber's recent research dealt with problems in a number of areas of quantum optics, a field which, broadly speaking, studies the quantum electrodynamical interactions of light and matter. He also continued work on several topics in high-energy collision theory, including the analysis of hadron collisions, and the statistical correlation of particles produced in high-energy reactions.[citation needed]
<Leonore_Annenberg>	Leonore Cohn Annenberg (February 20, 1918 – March 12, 2009), also known as Lee Annenberg, was an American businesswoman, diplomat, and philanthropist. She was noted for serving as Chief of Protocol of the United States from 1981 to 1982. Annenberg was married to Walter Annenberg, who was an Ambassador to the United Kingdom and newspaper publisher. She also served as the chairman and president of the Annenberg Foundation from 2002 until 2009.Born in New York City and raised in Los Angeles, she graduated from Stanford University. After her first two marriages ended in divorce, she married noted businessman Walter Annenberg, who was appointed U.S. Ambassador to the United Kingdom in 1969 under President Richard Nixon. In her role as the ambassador's wife, Leonore directed a major renovation of the ambassador's official residence. The Annenbergs contributed to Ronald Reagan's 1980 presidential campaign and upon his inauguration, Leonore was named Chief of Protocol, placing her in charge of advising the president, vice president, and Secretary of State on matters relating to diplomatic protocol.The Annenbergs became major philanthropists, donating money to education facilities, charitable causes, and the arts. Leonore Annenberg served on many committees and boards as well. After her husband's death in 2002, she continued to donate money and succeeded him as chairman and president of the Annenberg Foundation.
<Richard_Tsoi>	Richard Tsoi Yiu-cheong (Chinese: 蔡耀昌; born 11 September 1967) is a Hong Kong politician and the former vice-chairman of the Democratic Party. He ran for many Legislative Council and District Council elections and was elected as Sha Tin District Councillor in 2003. On March 5, 2020, Tsoi resigned from duties after joint petition from colleagues against his criticism of local restaurants being discriminatory towards Mainland Chinese amid the coronavirus epidemic.Tsoi has been active in many pressure groups and protests of the pro-democracy camp. On 18 April 2020, Tsoi was arrested as one of 15 Hong Kong high-profile democracy figures, on suspicion of organizing, publicizing or taking part in several unauthorized assemblies between August and October 2019 in the course of the anti-extradition bill protests. Following protocol, the police statement did not disclose the names of the accused.
<Willow_Bay>	Willow Bay (born Kristine Carlin Bay; December 28, 1963) is an American television journalist, editor, author, and former model. In 2017, she became dean of the USC Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism having earlier served as director of USC Annenberg School of Journalism. She was previously a senior editor for the Huffington Post and a special correspondent for Bloomberg Television.[citation needed]Bay was born in New York City, New York. She attended Dominican Academy, an all-girls Catholic school in New York, and graduated from Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts. She attended the University of Pennsylvania as an undergraduate, and earned her MBA from the New York University Stern School of Business.A former fashion model, she was represented by Ford Models. She was a spokesperson for Estée Lauder cosmetics from 1983 to 1989.
<Fires_on_the_Plain_(novel)>	Fires on the Plain (Japanese: 野火 Nobi) is a Yomiuri Prize-winning novel by Ooka Shohei, published in 1951. It describes the experiences of a soldier of the routed Imperial Japanese Army in the Philippines, as part of the Battle of Leyte and the Battle of Ormoc Bay, at the end of 1944, towards the final months of World War II.The story is told through the eyes of a Private Tamura who, after being thrown out by his own company due to illness, chooses to desert the military altogether and wanders aimlessly through the Philippine jungle during the Allied campaign. Descending into delirium, Tamura is forced to confront nature, his childhood faith, hunger, his own mortality, and in the end, cannibalism.The book received the Yomiuri Prize and, along with Tsukamaru made, is perhaps the best-known of Ooka's work among English readers.  An English language translation by Ivan Morris was completed in 1957. It was made into a film of the same name in 1959, directed by Kon Ichikawa and starring Eiji Funakoshi.  David C. Stahl has noted that Morris expunged sections where the narrator makes clear that he is manipulating the memoir, while Ichikawa focused on the helplessness of the individual in the face of war.  In both versions, the Tamura character is more passive and weak than in the original work.
<Dark_Palace>	Dark Palace is a novel by the Australian author Frank Moorhouse that won the 2001 Miles Franklin Literary Award.The novel forms the second part of the author's "Edith Trilogy", following Grand Days, which was published in 1993; and preceding Cold Light, which was published in 2011. The trilogy is a fictional account of the League of Nations; it traces the strange, convoluted life of a young woman who enters the world of diplomacy in the 1920s, through to her involvement in the newly formed International Atomic Energy Agency after World War II.
<Panofsky_Prize>	The Panofsky Prize in Experimental Particle Physics is an annual prize of the American Physical Society. It is given to recognize and encourage outstanding achievements in experimental particle physics, and is open to scientists of any nation. It was established in 1985 by friends of Wolfgang K. H. Panofsky and by the Division of Particles and Fields of the American Physical Society. Panofsky was a physics professor at Stanford University and the first director of the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center (SLAC). Several of the prize winners have subsequently won the Nobel Prize in Physics. As of 2021, the prize included a $10,000 award.The names, citations, and short biographies for Panofsky Prize winners are posted by the American Physical Society.
<Macclesfield>	Macclesfield is a market town and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire East in Cheshire, England. It is located on the River Bollin in the east of the county, on the edge of the Cheshire Plain, with Macclesfield Forest to its east; it is 16 miles (26 km) south of Manchester and 38 miles (61 km) east of Chester.Before the Norman Conquest, Macclesfield was held by Edwin, Earl of Mercia and was assessed at £8. The manor is recorded in the Domesday Book as "Maclesfeld", meaning "Maccel's open country". The medieval town grew up on the hilltop around what is now St Michael's Church. It was granted a charter by Edward I in 1261, before he became king. Macclesfield Grammar School was founded in 1502. The town had a silk-button industry from at least the middle of the 17th century and became a major silk-manufacturing centre from the mid-18th century. The Macclesfield Canal was constructed in 1826–31. 
<James_Dunn_(Australian_politician)>	James Patrick Digger Dunn (born James Patrick Dunn; 20 August 1887 – 21 November 1945) was an Australian politician who served as a Senator for New South Wales from 1929 to 1935. He was elected as a member of the Australian Labor Party (ALP), but after the 1931 party split joined the breakaway Lang Labor faction. He was one of only two Lang Labor senators, but was designated as the party's Senate leader. Dunn was a trade unionist and World War I soldier before entering politics. He was a perennial candidate for state and federal office between 1919 and 1945, but won only a single election.Dunn was born "probably" in Kirkdale, Liverpool, England. He was the son of Irish parents, Margaret (née Kavanagh) and Thomas Dunn. He went to sea at the age of 16, jumping ship in South Africa and taking up an engineering apprenticeship in Simon's Town. He later travelled to Australia, working for a glass company in Sydney, and then on to New Zealand where he worked as a miner, timber-trucker, and wharf labourer.
<Walter_Massy-Greene>	Sir Walter Massy-Greene KCMG (6 November 1874 – 16 November 1952) was an Australian politician and businessman. As a Liberal and Nationalist member of the House of Representatives, he became a protégé of Prime Minister Billy Hughes and was groomed as his successor. He served as Minister for Trade and Customs (1919–1921), Defence (1921–1923), and Health (1921–1923), but his prime ministerial aspirations were brought to an abrupt halt by his defeat at the 1922 federal election. Massy-Greene subsequently served two terms as a Senator for New South Wales (1923–1925, 1926–1938), but never regained his earlier influence in politics. In retirement he held numerous company directorships.Walter Massy Greene was born on 6 November 1874 in Camberwell, Surrey, England (now part of South London). He was the second son of Julia (née Sandeman) and John Greene, a brewer and hotel proprietor. He was of Anglo-Irish heritage on his paternal side, his father being a grandson of Irish MP William Greene and Archdeacon Richard Hobson. His maternal grandfather was General Robert Turnbull Sandeman, and his uncle Sir Robert Groves Sandeman was a colonial administrator in India. The family surname was Greene, but at some point Walter chose to treat his middle name as an additional surname; he officially added a hyphen in March 1933. The name "Massy" derived from William Greene's father-in-law Hugh Massy, 2nd Baron Massy.
<Edie_Adams>	Edie Adams (born Edith Elizabeth Enke; April 16, 1927 – October 15, 2008) was an American comedian, actress, singer and businesswoman. She earned the Tony Award and was nominated for an Emmy Award.Adams was well known for her impersonations of sexy stars on stage and television, especially Marilyn Monroe. She was the frequent television partner of Ernie Kovacs, her husband. Adams founded two beauty businesses: Edie Adams Cosmetics and Edie Adams Cut 'n' Curl.
<BlackBerry_Messenger>	BBM, also known by its full name BlackBerry Messenger, was a proprietary mobile instant messenger and videotelephony application included on BlackBerry devices that allows messaging and voice calls between BlackBerry OS, BlackBerry 10, iOS, Android, and Windows Mobile users. The consumer edition for iOS and Android, BBM Consumer, was developed by Indonesian company Emtek under licence from BlackBerry Limited (formerly known as Research In Motion). The consumer edition for BlackBerry OS and BlackBerry 10, as well as the paid enterprise edition, called BBM Enterprise (BBMe, formerly known as BBM Protected), were developed fully by BlackBerry Limited and continue to function. BBM Consumer for Android and iOS was shut down on 31 May 2019, however the paid enterprise version of the software, BBMe, is still supported on these platforms.Messages sent via BBM were sent over the Internet and used the BlackBerry PIN system. In the past, many service providers allowed sign-in to BBM using a dedicated BlackBerry data plan. Exchanging messages was possible to a single person or via dedicated discussion or chat groups, which allowed multiple BlackBerry devices to communicate in a single session. In addition to offering text-based instant messages, BBM also allowed users to send pictures, voicenotes (audio recordings), files (up to 16 MB), share real time location on a map, stickers and a wide selection of emojis.Communication was possible only among BlackBerry devices, until late 2013 when BBM was released on iOS and Android systems. Over 300 million Stickers were shared. Daily, approximately 150,000 BBM Voice Calls were placed. There were more than 190 million BBM users worldwide as of 2015, and BlackBerry infrastructure handled 30 petabytes of data traffic each month by early 2013.
<Nella_Larsen>	Nellallitea "Nella" Larsen (born Nellie Walker; April 13, 1891 – March 30, 1964) was an American novelist. Working as a nurse and a librarian, she published two novels, Quicksand (1928) and Passing (1929), and a few short stories. Though her literary output was scant, she earned recognition by her contemporaries.A revival of interest in her writing has occurred since the late 20th century, when issues of racial and sexual identity have been studied. Her works have been the subjects of numerous academic studies, and she is now widely lauded as "not only the premier novelist of the Harlem Renaissance, but also an important figure in American modernism."
<Bernardo_Tengarrinha>	Bernardo David Mendes Salgueiro Campos Tengarrinha (17 February 1989 – 30 October 2021) was a Portuguese professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder or a centre back.He made 106 Primeira Liga appearances for Estrela da Amadora, Olhanense, Vitória de Setúbal and Boavista, after starting his career at Porto.
<Sarah_Bolton_(physicist)>	Sarah Bolton is an American physicist and university administrator who currently serves as the president of Whitman College in Walla Walla, Washington. She assumed this position on July 1, 2022. Bolton has been a strong supporter of Dreamers, students who are undocumented but born in the United States, Posse scholars, a program to "empower diverse groups of leaders who transform communities, this country and the world," and international students, especially when many could not return home during the COVID-19 pandemic.Prior to her tenure at Whitman, Bolton was president of the College of Wooster in Wooster, Ohio from 2016 to 2022, as well as dean and professor of physics at Williams College in Williamstown, Massachusetts from 1995 to 2016.Bolton received her B.S. in physics and biophysics from Brown University in 1988, and her Masters and PhD from the University of California, Berkeley, in Physics. Her doctoral thesis is titled "Dimensionality dependence of indium gallium arsenide nonlinear optical response."
<Lionsgate>	Lions Gate Entertainment Corporation, doing business as Lionsgate, is a Canadian-American entertainment company. It was formed by Frank Giustra on July 10, 1997, domiciled in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada and is currently headquartered in Santa Monica, California, United States. In addition to its flagship Lionsgate Films division, the company contains other divisions such as Lionsgate Television and Lionsgate Interactive. It owns a variety of subsidiaries such as Summit Entertainment, Debmar-Mercury, and Starz Inc.Lionsgate was formed in 1997 by Frank Giustra with a $16 million investment including another $40 million from other investors which included Keyur Patel and Yorkton Securities' executives such as G. Scott Paterson. Giustra had recently retired as CEO from Yorkton, an investment bank, and Paterson was then president. Giustra then merged Lionsgate with Toronto Stock Exchange listed Beringer Gold Corp. (founded in 1986) to take the company public. Beringer's mining assets were soon sold off.
<Dale_Johnson>	Dale Johnson (August 15, 1902 – April 24, 1963) was a local businessman in Rock Island, Illinois, who is best known for his role in the ownership of the Rock Island Independents of the National Football League from 1923 until 1925. He took over the team from Walter Flanigan after Flanigan decided to refocus all of his time on his insurance and real estate businesses.Once he became owner of the team, Johnson made Vince McCarthy, the team's back-up quarterback, his new general manager. He also signed Jim Thorpe to the team in 1924. After the 1925 season, Johnson moved the team to the rival American Football League. Johnson felt that the AFL, which featured Red Grange, would out-perform the NFL. He signed Elmer Layden, one of the Four Horsemen of Notre Dame. However a lack of revenue prevented Johnson from signing and retaining many of his players. As a result, the Independents franchise folded after the 1926 season.
<Grover_Krantz>	Grover Sanders Krantz (November 5, 1931 – February 14, 2002) was an American anthropologist and cryptozoologist; he was one of few scientists not only to research Bigfoot, but also to express his belief in the animal's existence. Throughout his professional career, Krantz authored more than 60 academic articles and 10 books on human evolution, and conducted field research in Europe, China, and Java. He was a member of Mensa and Intertel, high-IQ societies.Outside of Krantz's formal studies in evolutionary anthropology and primatology, his cryptozoological research on Bigfoot drew heavy criticism and accusations of "fringe science" from his colleagues, costing him research grants and promotions, and delaying his tenure at the university. Further, his articles on the subject were rejected by peer-reviewed scholarly journals. However, Krantz was tenacious in his work and was often drawn to controversial subjects, such as the Kennewick Man remains, arguing for their preservation and study. He has been described as having been the "only scientist" and "lone professional" to seriously consider Bigfoot in his time, in a field largely dominated by amateur naturalists.Krantz was born in Salt Lake City in 1931 to Carl Victor Emmanuel Krantz and Esther Maria (née Sanders) Krantz. His parents were devout Latter Day Saints often referred to as Mormons, and while Krantz tried to follow the basic Christian philosophy of behaviour and morality, he was not active in the religion. He was raised in Rockford, Illinois until the age of 10, when his family relocated back to Utah. He attended the University of Utah for a year beginning in 1949 before joining the Air National Guard, where he served as a desert survival instructor at Clovis, New Mexico from 1951 to 1952. Krantz then transferred to the University of California, Berkeley, where he completed a Bachelor of Science degree in 1955 and a Master's degree in 1958. With the submission of his doctoral dissertation, titled The Origins of Man, Krantz obtained his doctorate in anthropology from the University of Minnesota in 1971.
<Giorgetto_Giugiaro>	Giorgetto Giugiaro (Italian pronunciation: [dʒorˈdʒetto dʒuˈdʒaːro]; born 7 August 1938) is an Italian automotive designer. He has worked on supercars and popular everyday vehicles. He was born in Garessio, Cuneo, Piedmont.Giugiaro was named Car Designer of the Century in 1999 and inducted into the Automotive Hall of Fame in 2002.In addition to cars, Giugiaro designed camera bodies for Nikon, Navigation promenade of Porto Santo Stefano, in 1983, the organ of the cathedral of Lausanne (composed of about 7000 pipes) in 2003, and developed a new pasta shape, "Marille". He also designed several watch models for Seiko, mainly racing chronographs, as well as office furniture for Okamura Corporation.
<Walter_Hasenclever>	Walter Georg Alfred Hasenclever (8 July 1890 – 22 June 1940) was a German Expressionist poet and playwright. His works were banned when the Nazis came to power and he went into exile in France. There he was imprisoned as a "foreign enemy". He died in Les Milles (Camp des Milles) near Aix-en-Provence.Born in Aachen, Germany, the son of the doctor Carl Georg Hasenclever (1855–1934) and his wife Mathilde Anna (née Reiss; 1869–1953), Walter Hasenclever began studying law at Oxford University in 1908 before changing to the University of Lausanne. From 1909 to 1914 he studied in Leipzig, where he became interested in literature and philosophy.In 1910 he published his first volume of poems, Towns, nights and people (Städte, Nächte und Menschen). In 1914 his play The Son (Der Sohn) was his first successful Expressionist drama.
<The_Secret_History>	The Secret History is the first novel by the American author Donna Tartt, published by Alfred A. Knopf in September 1992. Set in New England, the campus novel tells the story of a closely knit group of six classics students at Hampden College, a small, elite liberal arts college located in Vermont based upon Bennington College, where Tartt was a student between 1982 and 1986.The Secret History is an inverted detective story narrated by one of the six students, Richard Papen, who reflects years later upon the situation that led to the murder of their friend Edmund "Bunny" Corcoran – wherein the events leading up to the murder are revealed sequentially. The novel explores the circumstances and lasting effects of Bunny's death on the academically and socially isolated group of classics students of which he was a part.The novel was originally titled The God of Illusions, and its first-edition hardcover was designed by the acclaimed New York City graphic designer Chip Kidd, and Barbara de Wilde. A 75,000 print order was made for the first edition (as opposed to the usual 10,000 order for a debut novel) and the book became a bestseller. The book has since been credited as popularizing the growth of the dark academia literary sub-genre.
<Eduardo_Ruberté_Bisó>	Eduardo Ruberté Bisó (5 May 1918 – 30 March 1996) was a Puerto Rican real estate broker and Mayor of Ponce, Puerto Rico, from 1964 to 1968.Ruberté Bisó was the son of Dario Ruberté Casiano and Maria Bisó Hernandez, and married Eugenia Cordero Suárez on 7 June 1942. Ruberté Bisó had a sister from the same marriage, 7 years his younger, named Matilde. He worked as an assistant bookkeeper in the banking industry. His second wife was Olga Huertas. Later he worked his way into real estate brokerage.
<Chandrika_Kumaratunga>	Chandrika Bandaranaike Kumaratunga  (Sinhala: චන්ද්‍රිකා බණ්ඩාරනායක කුමාරතුංග,Tamil: சந்திரிகா பண்டாரநாயக்க குமாரதுங்க; born 29 June 1945) is a Sri Lankan politician who served as the fifth President of Sri Lanka, from 12 November 1994 to 19 November 2005. The country's first and only female president to date and the country's second female prime minister. She is the daughter of two former prime ministers and was the leader of the Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) until the end of 2005.Chandrika Bandaranaike was born on 29 June 1945, at Wentworth in Guildford Crescent, Colombo to Solomon West Ridgeway Dias Bandaranaike and Sirima Ratwatte Dias Bandaranaike.[citation needed] The family moved the year later to a mansion at Rosmead Place, Colombo purchased by her paternal grandfather.
<Bruce_Smith_(Australian_politician)>	Arthur Bruce Smith KC (28 June 1851 – 14 August 1937), commonly referred to as A. Bruce Smith, was a long serving Australian politician and leading political opponent of the White Australia policy. He has been described as the most prominent Australian advocate for classical liberalism in the late nineteenth and early twentieth century.Born in Rotherhithe, Surrey, England, Smith was the fifth of seven sons of wealthy ship owner William Howard Smith and his second wife Agnes. One brother, Edmund (1847–1914), would serve in the Victorian Legislative Council from 1901 to 1903. The family immigrated to Melbourne in 1854 where Smith was educated at Wesley College and studied law at the University of Melbourne before leaving for England where he was called to the Bar in 1877.
<Guaranteed_Rate_Field>	Guaranteed Rate Field is a baseball stadium located on the South Side of Chicago, Illinois, United States. It serves as the home stadium of the Chicago White Sox, one of the city's two Major League Baseball (MLB) teams, and is owned by the state of Illinois through the Illinois Sports Facilities Authority. Completed at a cost of US$137 million, the park opened as Comiskey Park on April 18, 1991, taking its name from the former ballpark at which the White Sox had played since 1910.Guaranteed Rate Field is situated just to the west of the Dan Ryan Expressway in Chicago's Armour Square neighborhood, adjacent to the more famous neighborhood of Bridgeport. The stadium was built directly across 35th Street from the original Comiskey Park, which was demolished to make room for a parking lot for the new venue. The location of Old Comiskey's home plate is represented by a marble plaque on the sidewalk next to Guaranteed Rate Field, with the foul lines painted in the parking lot. The spectator ramp across 35th Street is designed in such a way (partly curved, partly straight but angling east-northeast) that it echoes the contour of the old first-base grandstand.The stadium was the first new major sporting facility built in Chicago since Chicago Stadium in 1929. It was also the last one built before the wave of new "retro-classic" ballparks in the 1990s and 2000s.
<Ritchie_De_Laet>	Ritchie Ria Alfons De Laet (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈrɪci də ˈlaːt], born 28 November 1988) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Royal Antwerp in the Belgian First Division A.De Laet played for various youth teams before joining the Royal Antwerp youth academy, where he was eventually picked up by Stoke City in 2007. Two years later, De Laet was signed by Premier League champions Manchester United where he mainly appeared for the reserves besides being sent on loan spells. In 2012, he joined Leicester City where he played more consistently and was part of the historic team winning the 2015–16 Premier League. He then had a three-year stint with Aston Villa, before returning to Royal Antwerp in 2019.
<Shahid_Nadeem>	Shahid Mahmood Nadeem (Urdu: شاہد ندیم; born 1947) is a Pakistani journalist, playwright, screenwriter, theater and television director, and a human rights activist.He served as the general manager, program director, and deputy managing director of the Pakistan Television Corporation. He is currently director of the Ajoka Theater and director of the PTV Academy.
<Marvin_Zelen>	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, M.S., mathematical statistics, 1951;National Bureau of Standards (renamed National Institute of Standards & Technology), 1952-1961University of Maryland, 1960-1961National Cancer Institute, 1963-1967State University of New York (Buffalo), 1967-1977Frontier Science & Technology Research Foundation (Founmer)Dana–Farber Cancer Institute, * 1977-?? Harvard School of Public Health, Harvard University, 1977–2007University of California, Berkeley - visitingUniversity of Wisconsin - visitingImperial College of Science & Technology (London) - visitingLondon School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (London) - visitingMarvin Zelen (June 21, 1927 – November 15, 2014) was Professor Emeritus of Biostatistics in the Department of Biostatistics at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health (HSPH), and Lemuel Shattuck Research Professor of Statistical Science (the first recipient).  During the 1980s, Zelen chaired HSPH's Department of Biostatistics. Among colleagues in the field of statistics, he was widely known as a leader who shaped the discipline of biostatistics.  He "transformed clinical trial research into a statistically sophisticated branch of medical research."
<Dorothy_Dandridge>	Dorothy Jean Dandridge (November 9, 1922 – September 8, 1965) was an American actress, singer and dancer. She is the first African-American film star to be nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress, which was for her performance in Carmen Jones (1954). Dandridge performed as a vocalist in venues such as the Cotton Club and the Apollo Theater. During her early career, she performed as a part of The Wonder Children, later The Dandridge Sisters, and appeared in a succession of films, usually in uncredited roles.In 1959, Dandridge was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Porgy and Bess. She is the subject of the 1999 HBO biographical film, Introducing Dorothy Dandridge. She has been recognized with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
<Hiroshi_Gondoh>	As managerAs coachAs manager
<Fellow_of_the_Institute_of_Physics>	Fellowship of the Institute of Physics (FInstP) is "the highest level of membership attainable" by physicists who are members of the Institute of Physics (IoP), "for those with a degree in physics or related subject (or equivalent knowledge gained in the workplace) and who have made a significant impact on their sector"; Honorary Fellowship (HonFInstP) is for "exceptional individuals" who can be nominated in recognition of having "contributed to physics generally or to the work of the IOP", working in fields including business, education, research, and policy relating to physics.As of 2022[update] fellows include Steven Cowley, Heather Couper, and Philip Campbell. Fellows are entitled to use the post-nominal letters FInstP.The designation of Honorary Fellow of the Institute of Physics, as an honorary title. The award of Honorary Fellowship is "the highest accolade presented by the Institute of Physics to reflect an individual's exceptional services to physics". Awardees are entitled to use the post-nominal letters HonFInstP.
<Joseph_L._Hurley>	Joseph Leo Hurley (April 20, 1898 – April 29, 1956) was an American Democratic politician who served as the 52nd Lieutenant Governor for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts from 1935 to 1937.Hurley was born to John and Margaret (Sullivan) Hurley on April 20, 1898 in Fall River, Massachusetts. Hurley was of Irish descent.Hurley married Celeste Tracy they had 3 children.
<Rui_Baião>	Rui Miguel Marques Baião (born 4 September 1980) is a Portuguese former footballer who played as a midfielder.Born in Montijo, Setúbal District, Baião joined S.L. Benfica's youth system at the age of 15, making his senior debuts with the B-team in the third division. His maiden appearance in the Primeira Liga occurred on 8 April 2001, as he started in a 3–0 home win against C.S. Marítimo on 8 April 2001, and he scored the first of three goals in the competition during his career on 20 May of that year in a 1–1 draw at S.C. Salgueiros.After terminating his contract, Baião was supposed to sign with FC Porto via Varzim S.C. but it never materialized. From 2002 to 2011 he alternated between the top flight and the second level, representing Varzim, C.F. Estrela da Amadora, Gil Vicente FC, Portimonense SC, S.C. Olhanense and C.D. Fátima. He also had a brief stint in Greece, with A.O. Kerkyra.
<Joe_Kubert>	Joseph Kubert (/ˈkjuːbərt/; September 18, 1926 – August 12, 2012) was a Polish-born American comic book artist, art teacher, and founder of The Kubert School. He is best known for his work on the DC Comics characters Sgt. Rock and Hawkman. He is also known for working on his own creations, such as Tor, Son of Sinbad, and the Viking Prince, and, with writer Robin Moore, the comic strip Tales of the Green Beret. Two of Kubert's sons, Andy Kubert and Adam Kubert, themselves became recognized comic book artists, as did many of Kubert's former students, including Stephen R. Bissette, Amanda Conner, Rick Veitch, Eric Shanower, Steve Lieber, and Scott Kolins.Kubert was inducted into the Harvey Awards' Jack Kirby Hall of Fame in 1997, and the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 1998.Kubert was born September 18, 1926 to a Jewish family in Jezierzany in southeast Poland (now Ozeriany in Ukraine). He was the son of Etta (née Reisenberg) and Jacob Kubert. He immigrated  to Brooklyn, New York City, United States, at age two months with his parents and his two-and-a-half-year-old sister Ida. Raised in the East New York neighborhood, the son of a kosher butcher, Kubert started drawing at an early age, encouraged by his parents.
<Teji_Bachchan>	Teji Harivansh Rai Srivastava Bachchan (née Tejwant Kaur Suri; 12 August 1914 – 21 December 2007) was an Indian social activist, the wife of Hindi poet Harivansh Rai Bachchan and mother of Bollywood actor Amitabh Bachchan.Teji was Born into a Punjabi Sikh Khatri family in Lyallpur, Punjab Province, British India (present-day Faisalabad, Punjab, Pakistan). After completing her education, she took a job teaching psychology at Khoob Chand Degree College, Lahore. She met Harivansh Srivastava, then a lecturer of English at Allahabad University, when he attended a college event in Lahore. The couple got married in Allahabad in 1941, and upon her wedding, Teji became a home maker. She remained a lover of the stage, and she would also sing at social gatherings if pressed. During his lifetime, Harivansh remained completely engrossed in his work, leaving his wife to handle all family matters. Even in social engagements, the poet willingly played a minor role to his sociable wife. The Bachchans had two sons: Amitabh Bachchan and Ajitabh Bachchan.
<Katharine_Cornell>	Katharine Cornell (February 16, 1893 – June 9, 1974) was an American stage actress, writer, theater owner and producer. She was born in Berlin to American parents and raised in Buffalo, New York.Dubbed "The First Lady of the Theatre" by critic Alexander Woollcott, Cornell was the first performer to receive the Drama League Award, for Romeo and Juliet in 1935. Cornell is noted for her major Broadway roles in serious dramas, often directed by her husband, Guthrie McClintic.  The couple formed C. & M.C. Productions, Inc., a company that gave them complete artistic freedom in choosing and producing plays. Their production company gave first or prominent Broadway roles to some of the more notable actors of the 20th century, including many British Shakespearean actors.
<James_Cook_University>	James Cook University (JCU) is a public university in North Queensland, Australia. The second oldest university in Queensland, JCU is a teaching and research institution. The university's main campuses are located in the tropical cities of Cairns and Townsville, and one in the city state of Singapore. JCU also has study centres in Mount Isa, Mackay, Thursday Island and Rockhampton. A Brisbane campus, operated by Russo Higher Education, delivers undergraduate and postgraduate courses to international and domestic students. The university's main fields of research include environmental sciences, biological sciences, mathematical sciences, earth sciences, agricultural and veterinary sciences, technology and medical and health sciences.In 1957, Professor John Douglas Story, vice chancellor of the University of Queensland, proposed a regional university college be established to cater to the people of North Queensland. At that time, the only higher education providers were located in the state capital, Brisbane. On 27 February 1961, the University College of Townsville was opened.
<Hal_Rayle>	Hal Rayle (born January 4, 1955) is an American voice actor. He has done many roles for both animated series and live action movies.Rayle has had a number of voice acting jobs over his career. Rayle's animated series roles include Miss Piggy, Gonzo & Animal for the Little Muppet Monsters. Raphael in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, the Tin Man in The Wizard of Oz television series, Einstein the Dog and 65 other voices in Universal Animation's Back to the Future, Riddler's Henchman #1 in Batman: The Animated Series,  Inspector Clouseau in The Pink Panther series, Reflex and Howler in Pound Puppies and the Legend of Big Paw, Lieutenant Commander Steele in SWAT Kats: The Radical Squadron, Pipes, Snarl and Shrapnel in Transformers, Deep Six in the Sunbow/Marvel G.I. Joe series, Arzon and the Wise Owl in Visionaries: Knights of the Magical Light, and Doyle Cleverlobe in Galaxy High.Rayle also provided the voice of the Predator creature in Predator 2. Rayle provided the voice of Marvin the Martian in the commercials for Air Jordan.
<Hugh_Auchincloss_Steers>	Hugh Auchincloss Steers (June 12, 1962 – March 1, 1995) was an American painter whose work is in the Whitney Museum of American Art, the Walker Art Center, and the Denver Art Museum. He died of AIDS at the age of 32.Steers was born on June 12, 1962, to Nina Gore Auchincloss and Newton Steers. He was the second of three children born to his parents. Steers had two brothers, Ivan Steers the oldest and Burr Steers, the youngest,  the filmmaker. He attended the Hotchkiss School in Lakeville, Connecticut and graduated from Yale University in 1985. He later attended Skowhegan School of Painting and Sculpture in Maine, graduating in 1991.Steers was the grandson of Hugh D. Auchincloss and Nina Gore and the great-grandson of Thomas Gore. His mother was the half-sister of writer Gore Vidal and a stepsister of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis. In 1974, his parents divorced and later that same year, his mother married her second husband, Michael Straight. The wedding was attended by Hugh D. Auchincloss, Janet Auchincloss, Jackie Kennedy, Renata Adler, Beatrice Straight, and Peter Cookson.
<Hermann_Weber>	Hermann Weber (23 August 1928 – 29 December 2014) was a German historian and political scientist. He has been described as "the man who knew everything about the German Democratic Republic".Hermann Weber was born into a working-class family in the closing years of what would later become known as the Weimar Republic period. His father was a metal worker. When Weber was 4 years old, membership in the Communist Party of Germany (KPD) was banned by the Nazi Party. This impacted his family greatly – Weber's father was a Communist who found himself harassed and at one stage thrown into prison for a year and a half by the Gestapo.Weber joined the KPD himself in 1945. Early in 1946 he attended a four-week course near Berlin organised by the Free German Youth (FDJ / Freie Deutsche Jugend) which was in effect the newly created youth wing of the German Communist Party, legalized again following the defeat of Nazi Germany in the Second World War. In June of that year he was a delegate to the FDJ's first parliament, where he met its president, Erich Honecker, future head of state of the German Democratic Republic (GDR/East Germany). Weber's hometown of Mannheim was a part of the US occupation zone, but in 1947 he headed to the Soviet occupation zone in the east of what remained of Germany and spent two years as a student at the "Karl Marx" Party Academy in Berlin, leaving in 1949. A fellow student of Weber's was Herbert Mies, also from the Mannheim area. To his initial irritation, the Socialist Unity Party of Germany ruling over the Soviet occupation zone insisted that Weber study under a pseudonym, settling on "Hermann Wunderlich". Later he would joke that he was disappointed because the authorities had not permitted him to call himself "Walter", and in 2002 he published a volume of memoirs under the ironic title "Damals, als ich Wunderlich hieß" ("Back then, when they called me Wunderlich"). It was as a student at the "Karl Marx" Academy that he met his future wife, Gerda Röder.
<Alta_Allen>	Alta Allen (born Alta Crowin) (September 6, 1904 – July 24, 1998) was an American actress.Allen was born as Alta Crowin in Oakland, California in 1904 to a Scottish mother, Jessie (née Robertson), and W. J. Crowin, who hailed from the West Coast. She made her first professional performance at an Oakland theater in a production of Louisa May Alcott's Little Women. Allen's role in this production was as Beth March. She was ten years old at the time.[citation needed]Allen was "one of the most popular of Oakland's younger social set."
<Petrockstow_railway_station>	Petrockstow railway station was a station serving the village of Petrockstowe in West Devon, which is about one mile away. The station was, throughout its passenger-carrying life from 1925 to 1965, spelt without the final "e" of the village name.The railway was originally built as a narrow-gauge freight line to carry ball clay to Torrington from the Marland and Meeth clay pits. The Torrington and Marland Railway then became the basis of the northern section of the North Devon and Cornwall Junction Light Railway, which opened in 1925 and remained a private line until finally becoming part of the Southern Region of British Railways in 1948.
<John_Towey>	John Madden Towey (born February 13, 1940) is an American actor. He studied acting and directing at the Goodman Theatre in Chicago. He received B.F.A. degree in directing in 1967. Acted two seasons at the Arena Stage in Washington D.C. (1977–78 and 1981). Acted two seasons at the Guthrie Theatre in Minneapolis (1984–1986) and two seasons at The Public Theater in New York 1987-89, before moving to Los Angeles in 1990. A classically trained pianist, John has performed over 100 programs since 2001 at grade schools in the Los Angeles Unified School District. The program is an introduction to classical music entitled, Piano Masters. He also gives piano concerts at retirement homes throughout Southern California.Towey was born in Rochester, Minnesota, to Helen Madden and Robert F. Towey, an undertaker in business with his brother Richard L. Towey. Towey's father was the son of John H. Towey, who started the funeral business in Stewartville, Minnesota in the beginning of the 20th century. Towey served in the Army during the Vietnam War and was stationed for a time in San Juan, Puerto Rico. Prior to entering the Army he attended Saint John's University in Collegeville, Minnesota and subsequently moved to Chicago to attend the Goodman School of Drama at the Art Institute of Chicago (now at DePaul University).He appeared on Broadway in Amadeus (1999–2000) playing Giuseppi Bonno, directed by Sir Peter Hall. Off-Broadway he appeared in My Heart is in the East (1983), God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater (1979), Fashion (1974), A Dream Out of Time (1970), Arf and the Great Airplane Snatch (1969), To Be Young, Gifted, and Black (1969). At the New York Shakespeare Festival, he appeared in Cymbeline (1989), The Winter's Tale (1989), Coriolanus (1988), Romeo & Juliet (1988), Julius Caesar (1987), and Talk Radio (1986). At the Guthrie Theatre in Minneapolis he appeared in The Rainmaker (1986), Candida (1986), On the Razzle (1986), Execution of Justice (1986), Cyrano (1985), A Midsummer Night's Dream (1985), Great Expectations (1985), A Christmas Carol (1984), Twelfth Night (1984), and Three Sisters (1984).
<Emőke_Szathmáry>	Emőke J.E. Szathmáry, CM OM FRSC (born January 25, 1944, in Hungary) is a physical anthropologist, specializing in the study of human genetics. Dr. Szathmáry served as the 10th President and Vice-Chancellor of The University of Manitoba, 1996–2008.Dr. Szathmáry's first administrative post was as chairman of the department of anthropology at McMaster University, a position she left to become Dean of the Faculty of Social Science at the University of Western Ontario.[Citation needed] She left this position to serve as provost and vice-president (academic) at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario, before going to her position at the University of Manitoba. Szathmáry was appointed a member of the Order of Canada in 2003.[Citation needed] In 2004, she was named one of Canada's top 100 most powerful women by the Women's Executive Network and the Richard Ivey School of Business.[Citation needed] In 2005, she was made a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada. She was named also as a Distinguished Lecturer by the American Anthropological Association, which is the highest recognition given by the anthropological discipline for a lifetime of exemplary scholarship.[Citation needed]
<Collins_St.,_5_pm>	Collins St., 5 pm is a 1955 painting by Australian artist John Brack. The painting depicts office workers walking along busy Collins Street in Melbourne after finishing work for the day—"Blank-faced office workers hurry by like sleep-walkers, thinking only of the pubs or their homes in the suburbs". Brack conceived the work after reading T. S. Eliot's 1922 poem The Waste Land.It is considered a companion piece to Brack's earlier work The Bar.The painting was purchased from Peter Bray Gallery for the National Gallery of Victoria's permanent Australian art collection and is exhibited in the Ian Potter Centre in Federation Square in Melbourne.
<Julio_José_Iglesias_Rouget>	Julio José Iglesias Rouget (born 26 September 1972) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.Born in Avilés, Asturias, Iglesias spent most of his professional career in the second division, with two stints in La Liga: in the 2001–02 season he appeared in 16 games for CD Tenerife, which were relegated, and played second-fiddle to Albano Bizzarri in the following campaign, playing no matches for Real Valladolid.Over the course of 15 seasons, Julio Iglesias appeared in exactly 300 games in the second level, mainly for FC Barcelona B, Albacete Balompié and Xerez CD (three years apiece). He retired in June 2009 at the age of 36, then worked as a goalkeeper coach.
<Carey_Lowell>	Carey Lowell (born February 11, 1961) is an American actress and former model, best known as ADA Jamie Ross in Law & Order (1996–2001, 2022) and as Bond girl Pam Bouvier in the James Bond movie Licence to Kill (1989).Lowell was born in Huntington, New York, the daughter of  geologist James Lowell. She spent her childhood living in several countries, including Libya, the Netherlands, and France. In the US she also lived in Houston, Texas, and Denver, Colorado, where her family settled when she was 12.  After a year at the University of Colorado at Boulder, where she considered majoring in literature, she moved to New York City to pursue modeling, and worked for such clients as Ralph Lauren and Calvin Klein, and at one point attended New York University. She also studied at Manhattan's Neighborhood Playhouse School of the Theatre.
<Abdullah_Gül>	Abdullah Gül (/ɡuːl/ (listen); Turkish: [abduɫˈɫah ˈɟyl]; born 29 October 1950) is a Turkish politician who served as the 11th President of Turkey, in office from 2007 to 2014. He previously served for four months as Prime Minister from 2002 to 2003, and concurrently served as both Deputy Prime Minister and as Foreign Minister between 2003 and 2007. He is currently a member of the Advisory Panel for the President of the Islamic Development Bank.Advocating staunch Islamist political views during his university years, Gül became a Member of Parliament for Kayseri in 1991 and was re-elected in 1995, 1999, 2002 and 2007. Initially a member of the Islamist Welfare Party, Gül joined the Virtue Party in 1998 after the former was banned for anti-secular activities. When the party split into hardline Islamist and modernist factions in 2000, Gül joined fellow party member Recep Tayyip Erdoğan in advocating the need for reform and moderation. He ran against serving leader Recai Kutan for the Virtue Party leadership at a time when Erdoğan was banned from holding political office. As the candidate for the modernist camp, he came second with 521 votes while Kutan won 633. He co-founded the moderate Justice and Development Party (AKP) with Erdoğan in 2001 after the Virtue Party was shut down in the same year, while hardline conservative members founded the Felicity Party instead.
<Attack_(political_party)>	Attack (Bulgarian: Атака, romanized: Ataka) is a  nationalist political party in Bulgaria, founded in 2005 by Volen Siderov, who was at the time presenter of the homonymous TV show Attack on SKAT TV.There are different opinions on where to place the party in the political spectrum: according to most scholars it is extreme right, according to others extreme left, or a synthesis of left- and right-wing. The leadership of the party asserts that their party is "neither left nor right, but Bulgarian". The party is considered ultranationalist and anti-Roma, as well as being anti-Muslim and anti-Turkish. The party opposes Bulgarian membership in NATO and requires revision for what it calls the 'double standards' for the membership in the European Union, while members visit international Orthodox and anti-globalization congresses and the party is closely tied with the Bulgarian Orthodox Church. It advocates the re-nationalisation of privatised companies and seeks to prioritize spending on education, healthcare and welfare.
<Manning_Clark>	Charles Manning Hope Clark, AC (3 March 1915 – 23 May 1991) was an Australian historian and the author of the best-known general history of Australia, his six-volume A History of Australia, published between 1962 and 1987. He has been described as "Australia's most famous historian", but his work has been the target of much criticism, particularly from conservative and classical liberal academics and philosophers.Clark was born in Sydney on 3 March 1915, the son of the Reverend Charles Clark, an English-born Anglican priest from a working-class background (he was the son of a London carpenter), and Catherine Hope, who came from an old Australian establishment family. On his mother's side he was a descendant of the Reverend Samuel Marsden, the "flogging parson" of early colonial New South Wales. Clark had a difficult relationship with his mother, who never forgot her superior social origins, and came to identify her with the Protestant middle class he so vigorously attacked in his later work. Charles held various curacies in Sydney including St Andrew's Cathedral, Sydney, and St John's, Ashfield, where Catherine was a Sunday School teacher. The family moved to Melbourne when Clark was a child; and lived in what one biographer describes as "genteel poverty" on the modest income of an Anglican vicar.
<Paul_Konchesky>	Paul Martyn Konchesky (born 15 May 1981) is an English football coach and former professional player who currently manages West Ham United Women of the FA WSL.During a 21-year playing career, Konchesky played as a left back for Charlton Athletic, Tottenham Hotspur, West Ham United, Fulham, Liverpool, Nottingham Forest, Queens Park Rangers, Leicester City, Gillingham, Billericay Town and East Thurrock United. Konchesky made 15 appearances for the England under-21 team and was capped twice for England.
<Kathryn_Adams_Doty>	Kathryn Elizabeth Doty (née Hohn; July 15, 1920 – October 14, 2016), also known by her stage name Kathryn Adams or as Kathryn Adams Doty, was an American actress.The daughter of a Methodist minister, Dr. Chris G. Hohn, Doty was born in New Ulm, Minnesota. When she was six, the family moved to Warrenton, Missouri, where her father was chaplain and executive secretary at an orphans' home. After she developed lung problems, she spent two years at a camp in Minnesota. As early as age 13, she took her father's place in the pulpit when he was sick. In a 1939 newspaper article, she recalled: "It was quite a radical thing, in that small town, for a little girl to conduct the church services and preach the sermon, but the congregation understood and were very kind to me."
<Barbara_Hafer>	Barbara Hafer (born August 1, 1943) is an American politician and convicted felon from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. She served as a member of the Allegheny County Board of Commissioners from 1984 to 1989, as the Auditor General of Pennsylvania from 1989 to 1997 and as the Treasurer of Pennsylvania from 1997 to 2005.In 1990, Barbara Hafer won the Republican nomination for governor challenging incumbent Democratic governor Robert P. Casey Sr. in the general election. On many issues Auditor Hafer ran to the left of the moderate Governor Casey. Bob Casey supported government bans on abortion, with Hafer being pro-abortion rights. Governor Casey maintained a strong lead in the polls and enjoyed high approval ratings. Hafer campaigned hard, but hurt herself when during the campaign she called the governor a "redneck Irishman." Her campaign was widely criticized for the remark helping Governor Casey seal his lead in both rural areas of the state which are normally Republican, as well as cement strong support from more traditional Democratic districts. Auditor Hafer was defeated by thirty-six percentage points.
<Annie_Yi>	Wu Chin-yi (Chinese: 吳靜怡; pinyin: Wú Jìngyí; born March 4, 1968), better known as Annie Yi (Chinese: 伊能靜; pinyin: Yī Néngjìng) or Annie Shizuka Inoh (Japanese: 伊能 静, romanized: Inō Shizuka), is a Taiwanese singer, actress, and writer. Wu Chin-yi (traditional Chinese: 吳靜怡; simplified Chinese: 吴静怡; pinyin: Wú Jìngyí; Wade–Giles: Wu2 Ching4-yi1) was born on March 4, 1968 in Taipei, Taiwan, the youngest of seven daughters of Yang Shu-wan (traditional Chinese: 楊淑婉; simplified Chinese: 杨淑婉; pinyin: Yáng Shūwǎn; Wade–Giles: Yang2 Shu2-wan3) and Wu Min (traditional Chinese: 吳敏; simplified Chinese: 吴敏; pinyin: Wú Mǐn; Wade–Giles: Wu2 Min3). Her mother is from Keelung and her father is from Shandong. Her father divorced her mother to married another woman who gave him a boy, her half-brother Wu Pu-hui (traditional Chinese: 吳不悔; simplified Chinese: 吴不悔; pinyin: Wú Bùhuǐ; Wade–Giles: Wu2 Pu2-hui3; lit. 'no regrets').
<Mary_Merrall>	Mary Merrall (5 January 1890 – 31 August 1973), born Elsie Lloyd, was an English actress whose career of over 60 years encompassed stage, film and television work.Merrall's stage career started in her teens, making her first stage appearance in 1907, as Queenie Merrall, and for the rest of her life she remained a well-known and respected stage actress. Although she was based in London, she often appeared in other prestigious venues in the UK such as the Birmingham Repertory Theatre and the Theatre Royal, Glasgow.
<Hamden,_Connecticut>	Hamden is a town in New Haven County, Connecticut, United States. The town's nickname is "The Land of the Sleeping Giant".  The population was 61,169 at the 2020 census.The peaceful tribe of Quinnipiacs were the first residents of the land that is now Hamden, they had great regard awe and veneration for the Blue Hills Sleeping Giant Mountain. [1]Hamden was purchased by William Christopher Reilly and the Reverend John Davenport in 1638 from the local Quinnipiac Native American tribe. It was settled by Puritans as part of the town of New Haven.  It remained a part of New Haven until 1786 when 1,400 local residents incorporated the area as a separate town, naming it after the English statesman John Hampden.Largely developed as a nodal collection of village-like settlements (which remain distinct today), including Mount Carmel (home to Quinnipiac University), Whitneyville, Spring Glen, West Woods, and Highwood, Hamden has a long-standing industrial history. In 1798, four years after Eli Whitney began manufacturing the cotton gin in New Haven, he made arms for the U.S. government at a mill site in Hamden, where a waterfall provided a good source of power. At that site, Whitney introduced the modern era of mass production with the concept of interchangeable parts.
<Datang_Telecom_Group>	Datang Telecom Group (officially Datang Telecom Technology & Industry Group) is a Chinese state-owned telecommunications equipment group headquartered in Beijing, China. The group was founded in September 1998 by the China Academy of Telecommunications Technology (CATT) and manufactures telecommunications equipment. It is best known for its leading role in developing the Chinese TD-SCDMA 3G mobile telecommunications standard through its subsidiary DT Mobile (formerly known as Datang Mobile). Datang Telecom Group also provides military communications infrastructure to the People's Liberation Army.Datang Telecom Group was the trading name of the China Academy of Telecommunications Technology since September 1998. The academy itself was founded in 1957. In 1998 a limited company Datang Telecom Technology was also incorporated and floated in the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 21 October 1998.[citation needed]In April 2007, Datang secured a 36.6% share of China Mobile's first large-scale TD-SCDMA network construction contracts.
<Emily_H._Vokes>	Emily Hoskins Vokes (born May 21, 1930) is an American malacologist, palaeontologist, and former university professor. She is an authority on the Muricidae, a large and diverse family of predatory sea snails, or marine gastropod mollusks. Vokes worked both on her own and with her husband, geologist Harold Ernest Vokes.Emily Hoskins was born in Monroe, Louisiana, but the family moved to New Orleans when she was eight. Vokes attended Newcomb College, then the women's undergraduate college of Tulane University, but dropped out, uncertain of her future career. She went to work for the Biophysics Laboratory and found her way to the Geology Department, where she became interested in geomorphology and later paleontology. In 1955 she re-enrolled as an undergraduate, but because Newcomb College did not then offer geology degrees to its women students, Vokes switched to Tulane. She completed her B.S. degree in geology in 1960, while working part-time as a curator of fossils. Following this she obtained both her M.S. (1962) and Ph.D. (1967) degrees from Tulane.In 1959, Vokes married geologist Harold Ernest Vokes (1908–1998), whom she had met in 1956 when he came to Tulane to run the Geology Department.  She often collaborated with him on scientific research. She published 147 articles and books alongside the 144 published under his name.
<JakTV>	Jak TV is an Indonesian capital regional free-to-air television channel broadcasting from the Jabodetabek area. It owned by Mahaka Media and launched in 31 October 2004.JakTV's programming is focused towards news, air magazines and soft news. As of August 2018, JakTV transforms its broadcasting into 24 hours airtime, and added a new slogan "Dari Jakarta Untuk Indonesia" (From Jakarta to Indonesia).
<A_Chorus_Line>	A Chorus Line is a 1975 musical with music by Marvin Hamlisch, lyrics by Edward Kleban, and a book by James Kirkwood Jr. and Nicholas Dante.Set on the bare stage of a Broadway theater, the musical is centered on seventeen Broadway dancers auditioning for spots on a chorus line. A Chorus Line provides a glimpse into the personalities of the performers and the choreographer, as they describe the events that have shaped their lives and their decisions to become dancers.
<Kate_Pang>	Kate Pang (simplified Chinese: 庞蕾馨; traditional Chinese: 龐蕾馨; pinyin: Páng Léixīn, born 11 March 1983) is a Singaporean and Taiwanese former actress and television host. She was a full-time Mediacorp artist till 2017 but continues to film on an ad hoc basis. Pang left MediaCorp on 31 October 2017 as a full-time artiste and currently is based in Singapore. She legally changed her name to Kate Pang Lei Xin 庞蕾馨.Pang was a model in Taiwan before going into acting. She impressed during her audition and was given a contract with MediaCorp. Since giving birth to her son in 2014, she has put her career on hold.Pang is also brand ambassador of Dyson Vacuum Machine (2015), Maxi-Cash: Le Gold (2016) and Maggi Oat Mee (2017).
<Winnipeg>	Winnipeg (/ˈwɪnɪpɛɡ/ (listen)) is the capital and largest city of the province of Manitoba in Canada. It is centred on the confluence of the Red and Assiniboine rivers, near the longitudinal centre of North America. As of 2021[update], Winnipeg had a city population of 749,607 and a metropolitan population of 834,678, making it the sixth-largest city, and eighth-largest metropolitan area in Canada.The city is named after the nearby Lake Winnipeg; the name comes from the Western Cree words for "muddy water" - “winipīhk”. The region was a trading centre for Indigenous peoples long before the arrival of Europeans; it is the traditional territory of the Anishinabe (Ojibway), Ininew (Cree), Oji-Cree, Dene, and Dakota, and is the birthplace of the Métis Nation. French traders built the first fort on the site in 1738. A settlement was later founded by the Selkirk settlers of the Red River Colony in 1812, the nucleus of which was incorporated as the City of Winnipeg in 1873. Being far inland, the local climate is extremely seasonal even by Canadian standards with average January highs of around −11 °C (12 °F) and average July highs of 26 °C (79 °F).
<Inger_McCabe_Elliott>	Inger McCabe Elliott (born February 23, 1933) is a Norwegian-born American entrepreneur, photographer, artist, and socialite. She is the founder of China Seas, Inc., a textile company.A fictionalized version of her life involving the 1983 encounter she had with con artist David Hampton was chronicled in the film Six Degrees of Separation, in which she was portrayed by Stockard Channing, who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance.She was born in Norway, the daughter of Lova (née Katz d. 1966) and David Abrahamsen (1903–2002). She has a younger sister, Anne-Marie (Abrahamsen) Foltz. Elliott came to the United States with her family in 1941 and became a citizen in 1946. Her father was a prominent psychoanalyst who became blacklisted during World War II and the family was forced to leave the country. Her family was Jewish and from one of the oldest and most prominent Jewish families in Norway. In 1954 she graduated from Cornell University with a degree in History. She earned her master's degree at Radcliffe College in 1957 and did post-graduate work at Harvard.
<Elaine_Makatura_Bass>	Elaine Bass (née Makatura, born 1927) is an American title designer and filmmaker.Elaine worked for 40 years alongside Saul Bass, a graphic designer, title designer, and filmmaker whom she married in 1961. Together, they developed many projects for directors such as Martin Scorsese and Danny DeVito. She is one of the main designers who helped to elevate the short film and the title sequence to an art form.Elaine Bass was born in 1927 in New York City, United States, to Hungarian immigrants. The youngest of four daughters, Elaine showed early promise at art, creating stories and drawing them, frame by frame, on the sidewalk. In the early 1940s, the girls began singing professionally as the Belmont Sisters. At the age of twelve, Elaine was admitted to the New York High School of Music and Art but withdrew in order to pursue her professional singing. She was the lead singer and soloist, and recordings made when she was fourteen to eighteen reveal a surprisingly mature voice singing swing with touches of Billie Holiday. During World War II, the group sang in service clubs and on the radio until the oldest sisters left the group to get married.
<Arthur_Miller>	Arthur Asher Miller (October 17, 1915 – February 10, 2005) was an American playwright, essayist and screenwriter in the 20th-century American theater. Among his most popular plays are All My Sons (1947), Death of a Salesman (1949), The Crucible (1953), and A View from the Bridge (1955). He wrote several screenplays and was most noted for his work on The Misfits (1961). The drama Death of a Salesman is considered one of the best American plays of the 20th century.Miller was often in the public eye, particularly during the late 1940s, '50s and early '60s. During this time, he received a Pulitzer Prize for Drama, testified before the House Un-American Activities Committee, and married Marilyn Monroe. In 1980, he received the St. Louis Literary Award from the Saint Louis University Library Associates. He received the Praemium Imperiale prize in 2001, the Prince of Asturias Award in 2002, and the Jerusalem Prize in 2003, and the Dorothy and Lillian Gish Prize in 1999.
<Braxton_Sutter>	Jesse Guilmette (born June 3, 1980) is an American professional wrestler, currently signed to All Elite Wrestling (AEW) under the ring name The Blade. He is best known for his tag team work with The Butcher under the name The Butcher and the Blade. Outside of that, he is known for his work in Impact Wrestling under the ring name Braxton Sutter and on the independent promotions such as Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW) - where he was a one-time CZW World Tag Team Champion - under the ring name Pepper Parks.Guilmette was trained by Les Thatcher. He has worked a number of matches under his legal name with the WWE, facing wrestlers such as The Boogeyman, Vladimir Kozlov and Shad Gaspard in squash matches.In 2000, Guilmette began appearing for the Midwestern independent promotion Heartland Wrestling Association under the ring name Pepper Parks where he would be paired up with Chet Jablonski as the tag team, The A Squad. Debuting on July 27, 2000, the team faced Astin Ambrose and JJ Duquesne in a losing effort. Parks would wrestle for HWA for six years. During this time, he won the HWA Cruiserweight Championship on June 26, 2001, defeating Matt Stryker. On January 1, 2006, Parks gained his first heavyweight championship, defeating Jon Moxley in the tournament finals for the vacant HWA Heavyweight Championship. Parks would lose the title to Moxley on May 9, 2006 and regain it once again on November 11, 2006 defeating Chad Collyer in title vs. career match. His second reign lasted 28 days before vacating the title on December 5, 2006 and leaving HWA.
<Sid_Colin>	Sid Colin (born Sidney Coblentz; 31 August 1915 – 12 December 1989) was an English scriptwriter, working for radio, television and the cinema. He is best remembered for the television comedies The Army Game (1957–59), Up Pompeii! (1969–1970), and films including Carry On Spying and Percy's Progress.  He occasionally collaborated with regular Carry On series writer Talbot Rothwell.  Earlier in his career, he was a musician and occasional lyricist.He was born in Islington, London; his father Benjamin Coblentz was a Jewish immigrant from Vilnius in the Russian Empire, who worked in the fur trade.  Sid Colin learned guitar and became a jazz fan.
<Infamous_Second_Son>	Infamous Second Son (stylized as inFAMOUS Second Son) is a 2014 action-adventure game developed by Sucker Punch Productions and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 4. It is the third installment in the Infamous series. The game was released worldwide on March 21, 2014. The player-controlled protagonist possesses superpower abilities that players use in combat and when traveling across the city. The story follows protagonist Delsin Rowe fighting the Department of Unified Protection (D.U.P.) in a fictionalized Seattle. Over the course of the game, Delsin acquires new powers and becomes either good or evil as player choices influence his morality.Sucker Punch began planning the game as early as 2011, when they began discussion with Sony to bring the Infamous series onto a new generation of hardware. They provided feedback to Sony on what hardware evolutions they would like to see on PlayStation 4. Sucker Punch considers Second Son a fresh start for the series because it features a new protagonist. Delsin's powers were designed to feel fluid and suited to the open world design.
<Paul_Nuttall>	Paul Andrew Nuttall (born 30 November 1976) is a British politician who served as Leader of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) from 2016 to 2017. He was elected to the European Parliament in 2009 as a UK Independence Party (UKIP) candidate, and served as a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for North West England between 2009 and 2019, sitting in the Europe of Freedom and Direct Democracy group. He left UKIP in December 2018, criticising the party's association with far-right activist Tommy Robinson, and joined The Brexit Party in 2019.Nuttall was a Conservative Party candidate in a council election in Sefton before joining UKIP in 2004. He became deputy leader of UKIP, deputising for Nigel Farage, in November 2010 and the party's spokesperson for education, life skills and training in July 2014. He was elected party leader in the November 2016 leadership election. Nuttall stood unsuccessfully for UKIP six times in parliamentary elections between 2005 and 2017, of which his best result was finishing second in the 2017 Stoke-on-Trent Central by-election. He resigned as party leader after coming third in Boston and Skegness in the 2017 general election, with his party losing most of its electoral support.
<Drogheda_United_F.C.>	Drogheda United Football Club (Irish: Cumann Peile Dhroichead Átha Aontaithe) is a semi-professional Irish association football club based in Drogheda, County Louth playing in the League of Ireland Premier Division. They play their home matches at Head In The Game Park.The current club is the amalgamation of two former clubs in the town: Drogheda United, a non-league club founded in 1919; and Drogheda F.C., founded in 1962. The clubs merged their operations to form the current club in 1975 and have achieved success since 2005 by winning two Setanta Sports Cups, an FAI Cup, a League Cup, and their first league title, the 2007 League of Ireland Premier Division.
<Beitar_Nes_Tubruk_F.C.>	Beitar Nes Tubruk Netanya (Hebrew: בית"ר נס טוברוק נתניה), formerly Beitar Netanya, is a football club in Netanya, Israel.The original Beitar Netanya team spent several years in the lower divisions, mainly in the second division there the club played from 1961–77, 1981–82 and in 1986 the club was promoted to the top division (then Liga Leumit) as Liga Artzit champions. However, the club won only three games in its first and only season in the top flight, and were relegated with just 10 points, the lowest ever total during a 16-team season.At the end of the 1991–92 Liga Artzit season the club was relegated to the third tier and then disbanded in 1993. The club rights were sold to a group of Israeli businessmen.
<Paul_Danquah>	Paul Danquah, born Joseph Paul Walcott (25 May 1925 – 13 August 2015), was a British film actor, known particularly for his role in the film A Taste of Honey (1961), adapted from the 1958 play of the same name written by Shelagh Delaney. He later became a barrister and a bank consultant. His father was the Ghanaian statesman J. B. Danquah.He was born Joseph Paul Walcott in London, England, where he grew up. His mother, Bertha May Walcott, was English, and his father Joseph Boakye "J.B." Danquah was a Ghanaian politician and traditional aristocrat; Paul was the eldest of his many children from two marriages and various relationships.
<FC_Shakhtar-2_Donetsk>	 FC Shakhtar-2 Donetsk was a Ukrainian reserve football team based in Donetsk, Ukraine.The club was formed in 1992. It was preceded by Shakhter-D Donetsk (where D stood for double) which since 1949 participated in the Soviet football championship for reserve teams. With the fall of the Soviet Union the team was preserved, reorganized as Shkhtar-2 Donetsk and was admitted to the 1992 Ukrainian First League. Until 1994 the team represented the city of Kostiantynivka and in 1992–1994 played under the name of Metalurh Kostiantynivka. The team played at Avtosklo Stadium.In 1994-95 the team carried name of Garant Donetsk, but later changed back to Shakhtar-2. The team represented the city of Komsomolske, Donetsk Oblast playing at Metalurh Stadium.
<Temple_University>	Temple University (Temple or TU) is a public state-related research university in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was founded in 1884 by the Baptist minister Russell Conwell and his congregation Grace Baptist Church of Philadelphia then called Baptist Temple. On May 12, 1888, it was renamed the Temple College of Philadelphia.  By 1907, the institution revised its institutional status and was incorporated as a research university.As of 2020, about 37,289 undergraduate, graduate and professional students were enrolled at the university. Temple is among the world's largest providers of professional education (law, medicine, podiatry, pharmacy, dentistry, engineering and architecture), preparing the largest body of professional practitioners in Pennsylvania.Temple University was founded in 1884 by Grace Baptist Church of Philadelphia and its pastor Russell Conwell, a Yale-educated Boston lawyer, orator, and ordained Baptist minister, who had served in the Union Army during the American Civil War. Conwell came to Pennsylvania in 1882 to lead the Grace Baptist Church of Philadelphia while he began tutoring working class citizens late at night to accommodate their work schedules. These students, later dubbed "night owls," were taught in the basement of Conwell's Baptist Temple (hence the origin of the university's name and mascot).
<Scott_County,_Kentucky>	Scott County is a county located in the central part of the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 57,155. Scott County is part of the Lexington–Fayette, Kentucky Metropolitan Statistical Area.Native Americans inhabited the Scott County area from perhaps 15,000 years ago. Evidence has been identified that belongs the Adena culture (800 B.C. - 800 A.D.), including several significant Adena mounds.
<Thomas_H._Ince>	Thomas Harper Ince (November 16, 1880 – November 19, 1924) was an American silent film - era filmmaker and media proprietor.Ince was known as the "Father of the Western" and was responsible for making over 800 films. He revolutionized the motion picture industry by creating the first major Hollywood studio facility and invented movie production by introducing the "assembly line" system of filmmaking. He was the first mogul to build his own film studio dubbed "Inceville" in Palisades Highlands. Ince was also instrumental in developing the role of the producer in motion pictures. Three of his films, The Italian (1915), for which he wrote the screenplay, Hell's Hinges (1916) and Civilization (1916), which he directed, were selected for preservation by the National Film Registry. He later entered into a partnership with D. W. Griffith and Mack Sennett to form the Triangle Motion Picture Company, whose studios are the present-day site of Sony Pictures. He then built a new studio about a mile from Triangle, which is now the site of Culver Studios. Ince's untimely death at the height of his career, after he became severely ill aboard the private yacht of media tycoon William Randolph Hearst, has caused much speculation, although the official cause of his death was heart failure.Thomas Harper Ince was born on November 16, 1880 in Newport, Rhode Island, the middle of three sons and a daughter raised by English immigrants, John E. and Emma Ince. His father was born in Wigan, Lancashire in 1841, and was the youngest of nine boys who enlisted in the British Navy as a "powder monkey". He later disembarked at San Francisco, and found work as a reporter and coal miner. Around 1887, when Ince was about seven, the family moved to Manhattan to pursue theater work. Ince's father worked as both an actor and musical agent and his mother, Ince himself, sister Bertha and brothers, John and Ralph all worked as actors. Ince made his Broadway debut at 15 in a small role of a revival 1893 play, Shore Acres by James A. Herne. He appeared with several stock companies as a child and was later an office boy for theatrical manager Daniel Frohman. He later formed an unsuccessful vaudeville company known as "Thomas H. Ince and His Comedians" in Atlantic Highlands, New Jersey. In 1907, Ince met actress Elinor Kershaw ("Nell") and they were married on October 19 of that year. They had three children.Ince's directing career began in 1910 through a chance encounter in New York City with an employee from his old acting troupe, William S. Hart. Ince found his first film work as an actor for the Biograph Company, directed by his future partner, D.W. Griffith. Griffith was impressed enough with Ince to hire him as a production coordinator at Biograph. This led to more work coordinating productions at Carl Laemmle's Independent Motion Pictures Co. (IMP). That same year, a director at IMP was unable to complete work on a small feature film, so in a moment of bravado, Ince suggested that Laemmle hire him as a full-time director to complete the film. Impressed with the young man, Laemmle sent him to Cuba to make one-reel shorts with his new stars, Mary Pickford and Owen Moore, out of the reach of Thomas Edison's Motion Picture Patents Company-—the trust that was attempting to crush all independent production companies and corner the market on film production. Ince's output, however, was small. Although he tackled many different subjects, he was strongly drawn to westerns and American Civil War dramas.
<300_East_57th_Street>	Coordinates: 40°45′32″N 73°57′54″W﻿ / ﻿40.758923°N 73.965116°W﻿ / 40.758923; -73.965116300 East 57th Street is an apartment building on the corner of East 57th Street and Second Avenue in the Midtown neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. Designed by Emery Roth and completed in November 1947, it was one of the first new luxury buildings built in Manhattan during the housing boom following the end of World War II. In 1948, only a few months after the building opened, theater producer Max Jelin was killed in a gas explosion in his apartment.The building is the last known New York address for J. D. Salinger before he moved to a life of seclusion in the New Hampshire woods. Other notable tenants have included Liza Minnelli, Howard St. John, Peter Allen, Rocky Graziano, and Kay Thompson.
<Vasant_Sarwate>	Vasant Sarwate (Devanagari: वसंत सरवटे 3 February 1927 – 24 December 2016) was an Indian cartoonist and writer who was published primarily in Marathi publications during his lifetime.He was born in Kolhapur on 3 February 1927. He was a professional civil engineer, and worked at Associated Cement Companies for most of his working life. He died in Mumbai on 24 December 2016.
<George_Catlin_Woodruff>	George Catlin Woodruff (December 1, 1805 – November 21, 1885) was a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th congressional district from 1861 to 1863. He also served as member of the Connecticut House of Representatives in 1851, 1866, and 1874. He served terms as court clerk, justice of the peace, grand juror, probate judge, postmaster, town treasurer, town clerk, president and director of a bank, and colonel in the militia.Woodruff was born in Litchfield, Connecticut. He was the son of Major General Morris Woodruff and Candace Catlin. Woodruff was graduated from Yale College in 1825. He studied law at the Litchfield Law School. He was admitted to the bar in 1827 and began practice in Litchfield.He was Postmaster of Litchfield from January 4, 1832, to January 27, 1842, and from September 2, 1842, to September 28, 1846. He served as member of the Connecticut House of Representatives in 1851, 1866, and 1874. Woodruff was elected to the Thirty-seventh Congress (March 4, 1861 – March 3, 1863). He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1862 to the Thirty-eighth Congress. He continued the practice of law until his death in Litchfield, Connecticut, November 21, 1885. He was interred in East Cemetery.
<Nobel_Memorial_Prize_in_Economic_Sciences>	The Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences, officially the Sveriges Riksbank Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel (Swedish: Sveriges riksbanks pris i ekonomisk vetenskap till Alfred Nobels minne), is an economics award administered by the Nobel Foundation. Although not one of the five Nobel Prizes which were established by Alfred Nobel's will in 1895, it is commonly referred to as the Nobel Prize in Economics. The winners of the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences are chosen in a similar way, are announced along with the Nobel Prize recipients, and the prize is presented at the Nobel Prize Award Ceremony.The award was established in 1968 by an endowment "in perpetuity" from Sweden's central bank, Sveriges Riksbank, to commemorate the bank's 300th anniversary. It is administered and referred to along with the Nobel Prizes by the Nobel Foundation. Laureates in the Memorial Prize in Economics are selected by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. It was first awarded in 1969 to Dutch economist Jan Tinbergen and Norwegian economist Ragnar Frisch "for having developed and applied dynamic models for the analysis of economic processes".
<Bridget_Prentice>	Bridget Theresa Prentice (née  Corr; born 28 December 1952) is a British politician, who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Lewisham East from 1992 to 2010. She was married to the Labour MP Gordon Prentice from 1975 until their divorce in 2000. She was a member of the Labour Party until May 2019, when she resigned in protest at Jeremy Corbyn’s leadership.Bridget Prentice was born in Glasgow, Scotland, on 28 December 1952. She attended Our Lady and St Francis School, the University of Glasgow (MA English Literature and Modern History 1973), the University of London (PGCE 1974) and South Bank Polytechnic (LLB 1992).
<The_River_Why>	The River Why is a 1983 novel by David James Duncan. While it starts off as a fishing story, The River Why turns into the story of a young person struggling to come to grips with the modern world.A coming-of-age story narrated by Gus Orviston, a high school graduate and the oldest son in a fishing-crazed family. Frustrated with life in Portland, Oregon, and the constant bickering of his bait fishing mother (Ma) and tweed-wearing, fly-fishing father (H2O) over the proper way to fish, Gus moves to a small cabin in the foothills of the Oregon Coast Range. Once there he begins to follow an "ideal schedule" that has him doing nothing but eating, sleeping, and fishing. In the course of doing nothing but what he loves to do, he begins to notice the scars that humanity has inflicted on the river and forests he loves. Gus also goes through the traumatic event when he is fishing and finds and must transport a dead fisherman to shore, and through this experience he is able to realize how wrong his "ideal schedule" really is. As he wrestles with what to do, he begins to relate with the people in his neighborhood. He starts to regain his passion for life through his intense passion of the outdoors and fishing, but also through human contact. He also meets his new friend, though while rather eccentric, is also a brilliant thinker, helping Gus see the meaning in his life. Gus continues to grow and mature, mirroring the path to adulthood many experience, until he meets a young fisherwoman, Eddy. Although their relationship is unique, it is also a very true form of love that not only helps Gus to continue to grow into a man, but also teaches him to truly appreciate every aspect of his life. Gus is put to the test when Eddy hooks him a salmon, making him fight it all night up the river. Gus ultimately chooses her and the new life he has started to create for himself by releasing the fish when he finally catches it, mirroring man's quest for success, to only discover that true success is the happiness experienced by the abandonment of preconceived notions of success that are not applicable anymore to a growing life, entering into adulthood. The book ends with Gus completely growing up by confronting his parents with Eddy and forgiving them.Voted 35th best novel in the San Francisco Chronicle list of The 20th Century's 100 Best Books of the American West.
<Mercedes-Benz_W126>	The Mercedes-Benz W126 is the company's internal designation for its second generation S-Class, manufactured in sedan/saloon (1979–1991) and coupé (1981–1990) models, succeeding the company's W116 range. Mercedes introduced the 2-door C126 coupé model, marketed as the SEC, in September 1981. This generation was the first S-Class to have separate chassis codes for standard and long wheelbases (W126 and V126) and for coupé (C126).The long 12-year production (1979–1991) resulted in 818,063 sedans/saloons and 74,060 coupés being built, totalling 892,123. W126 is so far the most successful and the longest in production for S-Class.After the debut of W116 S-Class in 1972, Mercedes-Benz began preparing for the next generation S-Class in October 1973. The project, code-named "Project W126", aimed to provide an improved ride, better handling, and improved fuel efficiency. The oil crisis of 1973 and increasingly stringent emission and safety regulations in the United States had an important influence in developing the W126 for reduced emission and increased fuel efficiency.
<John_Zaborszky>	John Zaborszky (May 13, 1914 – February 11, 2008) was a noted Hungarian-born applied mathematician and a professor in the Department of systems science and mathematics, Washington University. He received the Richard E. Bellman Control Heritage Award in 1986. He was elected to the National Academy of Engineering in 1984.Zaborszky earned a master's degree and PhD in 1937 and 1943, respectively, "under auspices of the Regent of Hungary" from the Technical University of Budapest. He continued as a docent at that institution and was chief engineer of the city's municipal power system before emigrating to the United States in 1947. He joined UMR as an assistant professor upon his arrival and in 1954 moved to St. Louis to join Washington University. In 1974, he founded and was first chairman of the Systems Science Department. He was the 1970 President of the IEEE Control Systems Society and he received its Distinguished Member Award in 1983.  He was an IEEE Fellow and was elected to Eta Kappa Nu (HKN).
<Saad_Khan>	Saad Khan is an Indian director, screenwriter and acting teacher and Improv comedian who works in films and web series. He is the founder and creative head of FirstAction Studios that recently merged with Mumbai-based media conglomerate Rainshine Entertainment. Khan is known for his Kannada-English feature film Humble Politician Nograj (2018), which became a hit and the first Kannada film to achieve world-wide digital audience presence on Amazon's PrimeVideo platform.As a writer & director, Khan’s short film Another Kind of Black (2008) was screened at the Cannes Film Festival. During the first Covid lockdown, Khan created a Hindi web series and was also the chief writer for Ankahi Ansuni- a horror-thriller which is streaming on Disney+ Hotstar.
<Sydney_Lassick>	Sydney Lassick (July 23, 1922 – April 12, 2003) was an American character actor perhaps best known for his role as Charlie Cheswick in the feature film One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest. Lassick's first name was sometimes spelled Sidney.He was born in Chicago, Illinois, to Russian Jewish immigrants. Lassick, who served in the U.S. Navy during World War II, and afterwards studied drama at DePaul University, began acting in both films and TV shows in the late 1950s. Lassick is perhaps best known for his portrayal of Charlie Cheswick, a whiny and childish manic depressive patient in the 1975 Academy Award-winning film One Who Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. Other memorable roles include a fey Fairy Godfather in the lowbrow Sinderella and the Golden Bra;Mr. Fromm, the spitefully sarcastic English teacher in the 1976 film adaptation of Stephen King's novel Carrie; the perverse and abusive innkeeper Ernest Keller in slasher horror The Unseen; the slimy Charlie P. in the cult film Sonny Boy; and the effeminate lackey Gopher in Deep Cover (1992). Lassick also was the voice of Straycatcher #2 in the 1992 animated feature film Tom and Jerry: The Movie.
<Marsilio_Ficino>	Theology of Love and ErosTranslation of PlatonistsCommentary on the dialogues of PlatoNatural, medical use of Astrology and TheurgyMarsilio Ficino (Italian: [marˈsiːljo fiˈtʃiːno]; Latin name: Marsilius Ficinus; 19 October 1433 – 1 October 1499) was an Italian scholar and Catholic priest who was one of the most influential humanist philosophers of the early Italian Renaissance. He was an astrologer, a reviver of Neoplatonism in touch with the major academics of his day, and the first translator of Plato's complete extant works into Latin. His Florentine Academy, an attempt to revive Plato's Academy, influenced the direction and tenor of the Italian Renaissance and the development of European philosophy.
<Dancer_in_the_Dark>	Dancer in the Dark is a 2000 musical drama film written and directed by Danish filmmaker Lars von Trier. It stars Icelandic musician Björk as a factory worker who suffers from a degenerative eye condition and is saving for an operation to prevent her young son from suffering the same fate. Catherine Deneuve, David Morse, Cara Seymour, Peter Stormare, Siobhan Fallon Hogan and Joel Grey also star. The soundtrack for the film, Selmasongs, was written mainly by Björk, but a number of songs featured contributions from Mark Bell and some of the lyrics were written by von Trier and Sjón.Dancer in the Dark is the third film in von Trier's "Golden Heart Trilogy", following Breaking the Waves (1996) and The Idiots (1998). It was an international co-production among companies based in thirteen European and North American countries and regions. It was shot with a handheld camera, and inspired by a Dogme 95 look.
<Bradford_Tatum>	Bradford Steven Tatum (born March 29, 1965, in California) is an American actor and author, known for his role as Michael Hubbs in the cult favorite stoner film The Stoned Age (1994). He also played the bully, John Box in Powder (1995). In 1999, Bradford wrote, directed, and starred in the indie film Standing on Fishes. Bradford is married to actress Stacy Haiduk, whom he guest-starred with in the seaQuest DSV episode "Nothing but the Truth". In 2006, Tatum released the indie film Salt: A Fatal Attraction, which he wrote, produced and starred in. This film also featured his wife, Stacy Haiduk, and his daughter, Sophia Tatum. In 2016, he joined the cast of the HBO series Westworld.
<Sashadhar_Mukherjee>	Sashadhar Mukherjee (29 September 1909 – 3 November 1990) was an Indian filmmaker in Hindi cinema. He started his career with Bombay Talkies in the 1930s, and later established Filmistan Studio with Rai Bahadur Chunilal (father of music director Madan Mohan), Ashok Kumar and Gyan Mukherjee in 1943. In the 1950s, he went on to start his independent studio, Filmalaya. He is noted for films like Dil Deke Dekho (1959), Love in Simla (1960), Ek Musafir Ek Hasina (1962) and Leader  (1964). He is part of the distinguished Mukherjee clan of Bollywood.He won the Filmfare Award for Best Film in 1956 for Jagriti. In 1967, he was awarded the Padma Shri, India's fourth highest civilian honour by the Government of India.
<Peet's_Coffee_&_Tea>	Doug Welsh (Roastmaster)Jim Reynolds (Roastmaster Emeritus)Peet's Coffee is a San Francisco Bay Area-based specialty coffee roaster and retailer owned by JAB Holding Company via JDE Peet's. Founded in 1966 by Alfred Peet in Berkeley, California, Peet's introduced the United States to its darker roasted Arabica coffee in blends including French roast and grades appropriate for espresso drinks. Peet's offers freshly roasted beans, brewed coffee and espresso beverages, as well as bottled cold brew. In 2007, Peet's opened the first LEED Gold Certified roastery in the United States. Peet's coffee is sold in over 14,000 grocery stores across the United States.As of November 2021, the company had 200 stores in the United States.
<Anaheim_Amigos>	The Anaheim Amigos/Los Angeles Stars/Utah Stars were a charter member American Basketball Association (ABA) team based in Southern California. They were the Amigos during their first season in Anaheim and later moved to Los Angeles to become the Stars. The team existed from 1967 to 1976. In 1970, it moved from southern California to Utah.The Amigos were the first professional team in any sport to bill themselves as representing the city of Anaheim, and were the only team to do so until the National Hockey League's Mighty Ducks of Anaheim began play in 1993. The California Angels of Major League Baseball played at Anaheim Stadium during the Amigos' existence, but they would not use "Anaheim" in their name until 1997.With the founding of the ABA on February 2, 1967, a charter franchise in Anaheim, California was awarded to Art Kim and James Ackerman for $30,000.  A 'name the team' contest resulted in the Amigos name.  The team played most of its home games at the Anaheim Convention Center.  Five home games were scheduled elsewhere in California and three home games were scheduled in Honolulu, Hawaii.  Al Brightman was the first head coach.
<Joe_Sinnott>	Joseph Leonard Sinnott (/ˈsɪnət/; October 16, 1926  –  June 25, 2020) was an American comic book artist. Working primarily as an inker, Sinnott is best known for his long stint on Marvel Comics' Fantastic Four, from 1965 to 1981 (and briefly in the late 1980s), initially over the pencils of Jack Kirby. During his 60 years as a Marvel freelance artist and then remote worker salaried artist, Sinnott inked virtually every major title, with notable runs on The Avengers, The Defenders, and Thor.In the mid-2000s, Stan Lee cited Sinnott as the company's most in-demand inker, saying jocularly, "[P]encilers used to hurl all sorts of dire threats at me if I didn't make certain that Joe, and only Joe, inked their pages. I knew I couldn't satisfy everyone and I had to save the very most important strips for [him]. To most pencilers, having Joe Sinnott ink their artwork was tantamount to grabbing the brass ring." Sinnott's art appeared on two US Postal Service commemorative stamps in 2007, and he continued to ink The Amazing Spider-Man Sunday comic strip until his retirement in 2019.
<John_Cleese>	John Marwood Cleese (/kliːz/ KLEEZ; born 27 October 1939) is an English actor, comedian, screenwriter, and producer. Emerging from the Cambridge Footlights in the 1960s, he first achieved success at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe and as a scriptwriter and performer on The Frost Report. In the late 1960s, he co-founded Monty Python, the comedy troupe responsible for the sketch show Monty Python's Flying Circus. Along with his Python co-stars Terry Gilliam, Eric Idle, Terry Jones, Michael Palin and Graham Chapman, Cleese starred in Monty Python films, which include Monty Python and the Holy Grail (1975), Life of Brian (1979) and The Meaning of Life (1983).In the mid-1970s, Cleese and first wife Connie Booth co-wrote the sitcom Fawlty Towers, in which he starred as hotel owner Basil Fawlty, for which he won the 1980 British Academy Television Award for Best Entertainment Performance. In 2000 the show topped the British Film Institute's list of the 100 Greatest British Television Programmes; and in a 2001 Channel 4 poll, Basil was ranked second on its list of the 100 Greatest TV Characters.
<Silicon_Knights>	Silicon Knights was a Canadian video game developer. Founded in 1992 by Denis Dyack, the company was headquartered in St. Catharines, Ontario. They started developing for computers such as the Atari ST and IBM PC compatibles. After 1996, they moved to console titles.Dyack left Silicon Knights to form a new game studio, Precursor Games, after the loss of a court case against Epic Games over the game engine Unreal Engine 3. Epic Games won the case and a counter-suit for $4.45 million on grounds of copyright infringement, misappropriation of trade secrets, and breach of contract. Following the case, Silicon Knights filed for bankruptcy on May 16, 2014.
<Snøhetta_(company)>	Snøhetta (Norwegian pronunciation: [ˈsnø̀ːˌhɛtːɑ]) is an international architecture, landscape architecture, interior design and brand design office based in Oslo, Norway and New York City with studios in San Francisco, Innsbruck, Paris, Hong Kong, Adelaide and Stockholm. Founded by Kjetil Trædal Thorsen, Christoph Kapeller and Craig Edward Dykers.Snøhetta has received the World Architecture Award for the Bibliotheca Alexandrina and the Oslo Opera House, and the Aga Khan Award for Architecture for the Bibliotheca Alexandrina. Since its completion in 2008, the Oslo Opera House has also been awarded the Mies van der Rohe Award, the EDRA (Environmental Design Research Association) Great Places Award, the European Prize for Urban Public Space, In 2010, through Kjetil Trædal Thorsen’s lead, Snøhetta’s works’ coherence with their environment was awarded the Global Award for Sustainable Architecture, both from an international point of view, for their large scale projects, and at a local, small projects scale.James B. Hunt Jr. Library, North Carolina
<Bruno_Sacco>	Bruno Sacco (born 12 November 1933) is an Italian automobile designer who served as the head of styling at German car giant Daimler-Benz between 1975 and 1999.According to Sacco himself, he was first inspired towards car design as an eighteen-year-old, after seeing a Raymond Loewy-styled 1950 Studebaker Commander Regal as he cycled through the streets of Tarvisio in 1951. Afterwards he could not get the car out of his head, and "knew [his] life had been decided."After studying mechanical engineering at the Polytechnic University of Turin he attempted to seek work at the renowned Ghia and Pininfarina carrozzerie, before moving to Germany when his efforts proved unsuccessful. Daimler-Benz hired him as a stylist in 1958, and although he intended to stay only briefly, his marriage to Berliner Annemarie Ibe in 1959 and the birth of their daughter Marina the following year made him reassess his plans.
<Harrisburg_Line>	The Harrisburg Line is a rail line owned and operated by the Norfolk Southern Railway (NS) in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. The line runs from Philadelphia west to Harrisburg. The Harrisburg Line was formed the day Conrail began operations, April 1, 1976, from two former Reading Company lines, the original namesake main line to Reading, Pennsylvania, and the Lebanon Valley Branch.Today, the Harrisburg Line is owned by Norfolk Southern Railway under their Harrisburg Division. The Harrisburg Line runs through two tunnels, the Flat Rock Tunnel in Lower Merion Township and the Black Rock Tunnel in Phoenixville.
<Marc_Mezvinsky>	Marc Mezvinsky (born December 10, 1977) is an American investor and managing director at TPG. He has served previously as vice chairman at Social Capital. He is the husband of Chelsea Clinton, daughter of former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.Mezvinsky was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and grew up attending a Conservative Jewish synagogue and Friends' Central School, a Quaker school outside of Philadelphia. His parents are both former Democratic members of the U.S. House of Representatives. His father is Edward Mezvinsky (b. 1937) and his mother is Marjorie Margolies (b. 1942).Mezvinsky has 10 brothers and sisters, including five adopted siblings. His mother wrote a book, They Came to Stay, about her experiences adopting children from Korea and Vietnam as a single woman. The Mezvinskys took a number of refugee families into their home and arranged surgeries and adoptions for distressed children from abroad.
<Arizona_State_University>	Coordinates: 33°25′16″N 111°55′59″W﻿ / ﻿33.421°N 111.933°W﻿ / 33.421; -111.933Arizona State University (Arizona State or ASU) is a public research university in the Phoenix metropolitan area. Founded in 1885 by the 13th Arizona Territorial Legislature, ASU is one of the largest public universities by enrollment in the U.S.One of three universities governed by the Arizona Board of Regents, ASU is a member of the Universities Research Association and classified among "R1: Doctoral Universities – Very High Research Activity". ASU has nearly 150,000 students attending classes, with more than 38,000 students attending online, and 90,000 undergraduates and nearly 20,000 postgraduates across its five campuses and four regional learning centers throughout Arizona. ASU offers 350 degree options from its 17 colleges and more than 170 cross-discipline centers and institutes for undergraduates students, as well as more than 400 graduate degree and certificate programs. The Arizona State Sun Devils compete in 26 varsity-level sports in the NCAA Division I Pac-12 Conference and is home to over 1,100 registered student organizations.
<Cricket_Victoria>	Cricket Victoria (CV) is the governing body for the sport of cricket in the Australian state of Victoria. It was formed on 29 September 1875 as the Victorian Cricket Association.  It is integrated with the Victorian Women's Cricket Association to include funding, programs, office accommodation and staff assistance.As of 2019, CV administered the 1,065 cricket clubs and 448,000 registered cricketers in Victoria, who compete across 75 cricket competitions. It employs well over a hundred full time and part time staff, and is responsible for offering professional and semi-professional contracts to several dozen of its male and female cricketers.
<Hugh_Fraser_(actor)>	Hugh Fraser (born 23 October 1945) is an English actor, theatre director and author. He is best known for his portrayal of Captain Hastings in the television series Agatha Christie's Poirot opposite David Suchet as Hercule Poirot and for his role as the Duke of Wellington (replacing David Troughton) in the Sharpe television series. Fraser was born in Westminster but grew up in the Midlands. He studied acting at the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art and the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art. Fraser's first big break came after portraying Anthony Eden in the 1978 television series Edward & Mrs. Simpson, with Edward Fox, after which he was frequently cast as upper class or aristocratic characters, such as Mr Talmann in Peter Greenaway's The Draughtsman's Contract.
<Harriet_Bosse>	Harriet Sofie  Bosse (19 February 1878 – 2 November 1961) was a Swedish–Norwegian actress. A celebrity in her day, Bosse is now most commonly remembered as the third wife of the playwright August Strindberg.  Bosse began her career in a minor company run by her forceful older sister Alma Fahlstrøm in Kristiania (now Oslo, the capital of Norway).  Having secured an engagement at the Royal Dramatic Theatre ("Dramaten"), the main drama venue of Sweden's capital Stockholm, Bosse caught the attention of Strindberg with her intelligent acting and exotic "oriental" appearance.After a whirlwind courtship, which unfolds in detail in Strindberg's letters and diary, Strindberg and Bosse were married in 1901, when he was 52 and she 23. Strindberg wrote a number of major roles for Bosse during their short and stormy relationship, especially in 1900–01, a period of great creativity and productivity for him.  Like his previous two marriages, the relationship failed as a result of Strindberg's jealousy, which some biographers have characterized as paranoid. The spectrum of Strindberg's feelings about Bosse, ranging from worship to rage, is reflected in the roles he wrote for her to play, or as portraits of her. Despite her real-life role as muse to Strindberg, she remained an independent artist.
<England_national_under-18_football_team>	England national under-18 football team, also known as England under-18s or England U18(s), represents England in association football at under-18 age level and is controlled by the Football Association, the governing body for football in England. The team is coached by Neil Ryan. The team competed in the FIFA International Youth Tournament (later taken over by UEFA) and its successor, the UEFA European Under-18 Championship, and was often referred to as England Youth. After the tournament was renamed the European Under-18 Championship, England won twice more, in 1980 and 1993. In 1997, eligibility rules changed and the competition was rebranded as the UEFA European Under-19 Championship in 2001. 
<Frank_Howson>	Frank Michael Howson (born 1952) has had a career in entertainment. He directed Flynn (1996) on the early life of Errol Flynn and Hunting (1991). Howson, with Peter Boyle, helped establish Boulevard Films which produced thirteen films from Boulevard of Broken Dreams (1988) to Flynn; besides producing for Boulevard Films, Howson often wrote scripts and directed.Howson was born in Melbourne and started in show business when he was seven. After leaving school, Christian Brothers College, St. Kilda (1963–1967), Howson's first job was with Melbourne radio station 3UZ as office boy. Eventually promoted to panel operator, he worked on John McMahon's popular weekly show Radio Auditions (see 3UZ). Whenever not enough acts showed up, young Frank was summoned to perform under made up names. During this period Howson was nicknamed 'Magical Frank' when asked to perform on a pilot for a TV talent show by 3UZ's Jimmy Hannan.
<The_Prosecution_of_George_W._Bush_for_Murder>	The Prosecution of George W. Bush for Murder is a 2008 book by Vincent Bugliosi, a former prosecutor in Los Angeles. He argues that President George W. Bush took the United States into the invasion of Iraq under false pretenses and should be tried for murder for the deaths of American soldiers in Iraq.The book sold more than 130,000 copies within its first three months of release. It was the basis of a documentary titled The Prosecution of an American President (2012).Bugliosi says that the Bush administration intentionally misled Congress and the American people about the evidence of nuclear weapons which he said mandated the US and allies to invade Iraq in 2003 and overthrow ruler Saddam Hussein. Bugliosi said as a prosecutor he would seek the death penalty. He said that an impeachment of Bush (as discussed by other opponents) would be "a joke" because of the scale of Bush's alleged crimes.
<Cello_Concerto_(Waterhouse)>	The Cello Concerto, Op. 27, is a concerto for cello and orchestra by Graham Waterhouse, composed in 1990. It was first performed in 1995 in Toluca and Mexico City with the composer as the soloist, and published by Friedrich Hofmeister Musikverlag in Leipzig in 2000.The composer wrote a cello concerto in 1990 and played the solo part in the premiere in Yverdon, Switzerland, in June that year. He revised the work considerably, mentored by Siegfried Palm. He first performed the revised version in Toluca and Mexico City in June 1995 with the Orquesta Sinfónica del Estado de Mexico, conducted by Peter Robinson, along with Mozart's Symphony No. 38 and Stravinsky's Firebird Suite. The concerto was published by Friedrich Hofmeister Musikverlag in Leipzig in 2000. Waterhouse played the concerto also in Nizhny Novgorod, Weimar and Baden-Baden.Hofmeister published a version for cello and piano, which has been performed also with cello and organ. A version for cello and chamber orchestra, Op. 27a, was first performed in Idstein on 5 August 2005 by the Rumänische Nationalphilharmonie Oltenia, conducted by Angela Gehann-Dernbach.
<England>	– in Europe (green & dark grey)– in the United Kingdom (green)England is a country that is part of the United Kingdom. It shares land borders with Wales to its west and Scotland to its north. The Irish Sea lies northwest and the Celtic Sea to the southwest. It is separated from continental Europe by the North Sea to the east and the English Channel to the south. The country covers five-eighths of the island of Great Britain, which lies in the North Atlantic, and includes over 100 smaller islands, such as the Isles of Scilly and the Isle of Wight.
<Ritchie_Kitoko>	Ritchie Kitoko (born 11 June 1988) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Greek Super League 2 club Olympiacos Volos.Born in Kinshasa, Zaire, Kitoko moved to Belgium in his teens, entering Standard Liège's youth system in 2004. Two years later he signed his first professional contract, with Albacete Balompié in Spain, spending almost two full seasons with the B-team in the fourth division.
<C._Thomas_Howell>	Christopher Thomas Howell (born December 7, 1966) is an American actor and director. He has starred in the films Soul Man, The Hitcher, Grandview U.S.A., Red Dawn, Secret Admirer and The Outsiders. He has also appeared in Gettysburg and Gods and Generals as Thomas Chamberlain, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Amazing Spider-Man, Justice League: The Flashpoint Paradox and Suicide Squad: Hell to Pay.Howell was born in the Van Nuys neighborhood of Los Angeles to Christopher N. and Candice Howell. He has three siblings, sisters Stacy and Candy, and brother John.His father worked as a stunt coordinator and rodeo performer. He played the role of the Red Knight in Terry Gilliam’s The Fisher King. As a young boy, Howell wanted to be a stuntman and was a child stunt performer. He was also a rodeo star.
<Take-Two_Interactive>	Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. is an American video game holding company based in New York City and founded by Ryan Brant in September 1993.The company owns two major publishing labels, Rockstar Games and 2K, which operate internal game development studios. Take-Two created the Private Division label to support publishing from independent developers and more recently announced a new internal studio for the label called Intercept Games. The company also formed Ghost Story Games which was a former 2K studio under the name Irrational Games. The company acquired the developers Socialpoint, Playdots and Nordeus to establish itself in the mobile game market. The company also owns 50% of professional esports organization NBA 2K League. Take-Two's combined portfolio includes franchises such as BioShock, Borderlands, Grand Theft Auto, NBA 2K, and Red Dead among others.
<Paris_Saint-Germain_F.C.>	Paris Saint-Germain Football Club (French pronunciation: ​[paʁi sɛ̃ ʒɛʁmɛ̃]), commonly referred to as Paris Saint-Germain, Paris, Paris SG or simply PSG is a professional football club based in Paris, France. They compete in Ligue 1, the top division of French football. As France's most successful club, they have won over 40 official honours, including ten league titles and one major European trophy. Their home ground is the Parc des Princes.The Parisians were founded in 1970, following the merger of Paris FC and Stade Saint-Germain. PSG won their first major honour, the French Cup, in 1982 and their first Division 1 title in 1986. The 1990s was among the most successful periods in the club's history; they claimed a second league title, three French Cups, two French League Cups, two French Super Cups and the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup in 1996. After suffering a decline in fortunes during the 2000s, the Red and Blues have enjoyed a revival since 2011 with increased financial backing, achieving unparalleled dominance in domestic competitions, winning multiple league titles and national cups. PSG have also become a regular feature in the UEFA Champions League, reaching their first final in 2020.
<John_Sulston>	Sir John Edward Sulston CH FRS MAE (27 March 1942 – 6 March 2018) was a British biologist and academic who won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his work on the cell lineage and genome of the worm Caenorhabditis elegans in 2002 with his colleagues Sydney Brenner and Robert Horvitz. He was a leader in human genome research and Chair of the Institute for Science, Ethics and Innovation at the University of Manchester.Sulston was in favour of science in the public interest, such as free public access of scientific information and against the patenting of genes and the privatisation of genetic technologies.Sulston was born in Fulmer, Buckinghamshire, England to Arthur Edward Aubrey Sulston and Josephine Muriel Frearson, née Blocksidge. His father was an Anglican priest and administrator of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel. His mother quit her job as an English teacher at Watford Grammar School, to care for him and his sister Madeleine. and home-tutored them until he was five. At age five he entered the local preparatory school, York House School, where he soon developed an aversion to games. He developed an early interest in science, having fun with dissecting animals and sectioning plants to observe their structure and function. Sulston won a scholarship to Merchant Taylors' School, Northwood and then to Pembroke College, Cambridge graduating in 1963 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Natural Sciences (Chemistry). He joined the Department of Chemistry, University of Cambridge, after being interviewed by Alexander Todd and was awarded his PhD in 1966 for research in nucleotide chemistry.
<Hollywood_Shuffle>	Hollywood Shuffle is a 1987 American satirical comedy film about the racial stereotypes of African Americans in film and television.  The film tracks the attempts of Bobby Taylor to become a successful actor and the mental and external roadblocks he encounters, represented through a series of interspersed vignettes and fantasies.  Produced, directed, and co-written by Robert Townsend, the film is semi-autobiographical, reflecting Townsend's experiences as a black actor when he was told he was not "black enough" for certain roles.Bobby Taylor is a young black man aspiring to become an actor.  His younger brother Stevie watches him prepare to audition for a part in Jivetime Jimmy's Revenge, a movie about street gangs which is so full of stereotypes that the light-skinned black actors who audition are cast as Latino gang members and have to speak with cartoonish Spanish accents. Bobby's grandmother overhears the "jive talk" of Bobby's lines and expresses disapproval. His mother is more supportive, but Bobby's grandmother says that if he desires a respectable job, there is honest work at the post office. Bobby assures his mother that if he lands the part, their lives will change for the better.After the audition, Bobby talks to Mr. Jones, who questions Bobby's dedication to his job at Jones's restaurant, Winky Dinky Dog, because Bobby frequently misses work so he can attend auditions and casting calls. A limousine arrives, and its passenger is B. B. Sanders, a famous actor who plays a stereotypical black comedy character, Batty Boy, in the popular television sitcom There's a Bat in My House. Ecstatic to meet a potential role model, Bobby asks Sanders how to determine if a role is worth taking. Sanders says if Bobby's character does not die, then "it's a good script." He tells Bobby that acting is not about art, but making money through sequels, merchandising, etc.
<Rebecca_Rigg>	Rebecca Rigg is an Australian actress, best known for her roles in television and films including starting out as a child actor in Fatty Finn (1980) and also featured in films Hunting (1991) and Spotswood (1992) and short Ellie Parker (2001)Rebecca Rigg was born in Sydney, New South Wales.[citation needed]
<All_Saints_Church,_Huntsham>	All Saints' Church, Huntsham is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England. It is in the small village of Huntsham, about 5.8 miles (9.3 km) to the north-east of Tiverton. It is part of the Hukeley Mission group of parishes, which also includes St Michael & All Angels in Bampton, St Peter's in Clayhanger, St Petrock's in Petton and St George's in Morebath.Records indicate that Huntsham Church was one of several consecrated on 15 June 1336 and was extended in 1430; diocesan registers state that the first rector was Roger de Respremme, in 1263. The register which dates from 1558 records that in 1666 a donation of £2 0s 3d was sent by the parish for relief of the Great Fire of London.
<Ladies_Almanack>	Ladies Almanack, its complete title being Ladies Almanack: showing their Signs and their Tides; their Moons and their Changes; the Seasons as it is with them; their Eclipses and Equinoxes; as well as a full Record of diurnal and nocturnal Distempers, written & illustrated by a lady of fashion, was written by Djuna Barnes in 1928. This roman à clef catalogues the amorous intrigues of Barnes' lesbian network centered in Natalie Clifford Barney's salon in Paris. Written as a winking pastiche of Restoration wit, the slender volume is illustrated by Barnes's Elizabethan-inspired woodcuts.Natalie Barney appears as Dame Evangeline Musset, "who was in her Heart one Grand Red Cross for the Pursuance, the Relief and the Distraction, of such Girls as in their Hinder Parts, and their Fore Parts, and in whatsoever Parts did suffer them most, lament Cruelly". "[A] Pioneer and a Menace" in her youth, Dame Musset has reached "a witty and learned Fifty"; she rescues women in distress, dispenses wisdom, and upon her death is elevated to sainthood. Also appearing pseudonymously are Élisabeth de Gramont, Romaine Brooks, Dolly Wilde, Radclyffe Hall and her partner Una, Lady Troubridge, Janet Flanner and Solita Solano, and Mina Loy.The obscure language, inside jokes and ambiguity of Ladies Almanac have kept critics arguing about whether it is an affectionate satire or a bitter attack, but Barney herself loved the book and re-read it throughout her life.
<Macchi_M.26>	The Macchi M.26 was an Italian flying boat fighter prototype of 1924 designed and manufactured by Macchi.In 1924, the Regia Marina (Italian Royal Navy) issued a requirement for a replacement for its Macchi M.7ter flying boat fighter. To compete with the SIAI S.58 for a production order as the replacement, Macchi company designer Mario Castoldi (1888-1968) developed the M.26. It was a wooden, single-seat, single-bay biplane armed with two fixed, forward-firing 7.7-millimeter (0.303-inch) Vickers machine guns.  It had plywood and fabric skinning, and its wings were of equal span and unstaggered. The M.26's engine, a 221-kilowatt (296-brake horsepower) Hispano-Suiza HS 42 V8 driving a pusher propeller, was mounted on struts above the hull and below the upper wing. For an aircraft of its type, its aerodynamic design was very clean.The M.26 was completed in 1924 and made its first flight that year, demonstrating good performance. Macchi built two prototypes, but the Regia Marina opted to save money by re-engining the Macchi M.7ter to extend its service life rather than purchase a new aircraft, and Macchi received no production orders for the M.26. However, a few years later Macchi based the design of its M.41 fighter on that of the M.26.
<Manley_Laurence_Power>	Admiral Sir Manley Laurence Power KCB, CBE, DSO & Bar, DL (10 January 1904 – 17 May 1981) was a Royal Navy Admiral who fought in World War II as a Captain and later rose to more senior ranks, including the NATO position Allied Commander-in-Chief, Channel. One of his chief accomplishments was leading the 26th Destroyer Flotilla into the Malacca Strait during Operation Dukedom to sink the Japanese cruiser Haguro.Born the son of Admiral Sir Laurence E. Power KCB, CVO, Power was educated at the Royal Naval Colleges at Osborne and Dartmouth, becoming a Royal Navy officer cadet in 1917. In the early part of his career, he served mainly in submarines, attaining his first command (HMS H32) in 1933.
<Anthony_S._Fauci>	Anthony Stephen Fauci OMRI (/ˈfaʊtʃi/ FOW-chee; born December 24, 1940) is an American physician-scientist and immunologist serving as the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) and the chief medical advisor to the president.As a physician with the National Institutes of Health (NIH), Fauci has served the American public health sector in various capacities for more than fifty years and has acted as an advisor to every U.S. president since Ronald Reagan. He has been director of the NIAID since 1984 and has made contributions to HIV/AIDS research and other immunodeficiency diseases, both as a research scientist and as the head of the NIAID. From 1983 to 2002, Fauci was one of the world's most frequently cited scientists across all scientific journals. In 2008, President George W. Bush awarded him the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest civilian award in the United States, for his work on the AIDS relief program PEPFAR.
<Cleveland>	Cleveland (/ˈkliːvlənd/ KLEEV-lənd), officially the City of Cleveland, is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio and the county seat of Cuyahoga County. Located in the northeastern part of the state, it is situated along the southern shore of Lake Erie, across the U.S. maritime border with Canada, 252 miles (406 km) northeast of Cincinnati, 143 miles (230 km) northeast of Columbus, and approximately 60 miles (100 kilometers) west of Pennsylvania. The largest city on Lake Erie and one of the major cities of the Great Lakes region, Cleveland ranks as the 54th-largest city in the U.S. with a 2020 population of 372,624. The city anchors both the Greater Cleveland metropolitan statistical area (MSA) and the larger Cleveland–Akron–Canton combined statistical area (CSA). The CSA is the most populous in Ohio and the 17th largest in the country, with a population of 3.63 million in 2020, while the MSA ranks as 34th largest at 2.09 million.
<Christine_Norden>	Christine Norden (born Mary Lydia Thornton; 28 December 1924 – 21 September 1988) was a British actress.Norden was born in Mowbray Terrace, Sunderland. She was the daughter of a bus driver. Her childhood home was in Chester Road, Sunderland, and she was educated at Chester Road Primary School and Havelock School.
<Louisa_Gross_Horwitz_Prize>	The Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize for Biology or Biochemistry is an annual prize awarded by Columbia University to a researcher or group of researchers who have made an outstanding contribution in basic research in the fields of biology or biochemistry.The prize was established at the bequest of S. Gross Horwitz and is named to honor his mother, Louisa Gross Horwitz, the daughter of trauma surgeon Samuel D. Gross. The prize was first awarded in 1967.As of October 2018, 51 (50%) of the 101 prize recipients have subsequently been awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine (40) or Chemistry (11). It is regarded as one of the important precursors of a future Nobel Prize award.
<Kevin_Sharp_(footballer)>	Kevin Philip Sharp (born 19 September 1974) is a Canadian-born English former footballer.He began his career as at French club AJ Auxerre, but left in 1992 for England, where he spent the vast majority of his career. His first English club was Leeds United, joining for £60,000. He made just 17 league appearances in three years at the Yorkshire club, then one of the top clubs in England.
<Huddersfield_Town_A.F.C.>	Huddersfield Town Association Football Club is a professional football club based in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, England, which compete in the EFL Championship. The team have played home games at the Kirklees Stadium since moving from Leeds Road in 1994. The club colours of blue and white stripes were adopted in 1916. Their nickname, "The Terriers", was taken in 1969. Huddersfield's current emblem is based on the town's coat of arms. The team have long-standing West Yorkshire derby rivalries with Bradford City and Leeds United, as well as an A62 derby with Oldham Athletic.Founded in 1908, Huddersfield competed in the North Eastern League and Midland League, before gaining admittance to the Football League in 1910. They were promoted out of the Second Division in 1919–20 and went on to win the FA Cup in 1922, having been beaten finalists in 1920. Under the management of Herbert Chapman, Huddersfield were crowned league champions in three successive seasons: 1923–24, 1924–25 and 1925–26. They played on the losing side in three more FA Cup finals: 1928, 1930 and 1938. They were relegated from the First Division after 32 years in 1952, though secured an immediate promotion the following season. Relegated again in 1956, they won the Second Division title at the end of the 1969–70 season, though were relegated three times in four years by 1975.
<Calumet_Farm>	Calumet Farm is a 762-acre (3.08 km2) Thoroughbred breeding and training farm established in 1924 in Lexington, Kentucky, United States by William Monroe Wright, founding owner of the Calumet Baking Powder Company. Calumet is located in the heart of the Bluegrass, a well-known horse breeding region. Calumet Farm has a record history of Kentucky Derby and Triple Crown winners and 11 horses in the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame.Founded in Libertyville, Illinois, the Standardbred breeding operation was moved to the more favorable climate of Kentucky by W. M. Wright. At a time when harness racing was the most popular type of horse racing, in 1931 the farm's trotter "Calumet Butler" won the most prestigious event of the day, the Hambletonian.After Wright died in 1932, his son Warren Wright, Sr. took over the business and began converting it to Thoroughbred breeding and training. His acquisition of quality breeding stock saw Calumet Farm develop into one of North America's most successful stables in Thoroughbred racing history. Calumet Farm was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.  The Pennsylvania Railroad named its baggage car #5868 the "Calumet Farm".
<University_of_Oxford>	The University of Oxford is a collegiate research university in Oxford, England. There is evidence of teaching as early as 1096, making it the oldest university in the English-speaking world and the world's second-oldest university in continuous operation. It grew rapidly from 1167 when Henry II banned English students from attending the University of Paris. After disputes between students and Oxford townsfolk in 1209, some academics fled north-east to Cambridge where they established what became the University of Cambridge. The two English ancient universities share many common features and are jointly referred to as Oxbridge. Both are ranked among the most prestigious universities in the world.The university is made up of thirty-nine semi-autonomous constituent colleges, five permanent private halls, and a range of academic departments which are organised into four divisions. All the colleges are self-governing institutions within the university, each controlling its own membership and with its own internal structure and activities. All students are members of a college. It does not have a main campus, and its buildings and facilities are scattered throughout the city centre. Undergraduate teaching at Oxford consists of lectures, small-group tutorials at the colleges and halls, seminars, laboratory work and occasionally further tutorials provided by the central university faculties and departments. Postgraduate teaching is provided predominantly centrally.
<Silvia_Pinal>	Silvia Pinal Hidalgo (born 12 September 1931) is a Mexican actress. She began her career in the theater, venturing into cinema in 1949. Her film work and popularity in her native country led her to work in Europe (Spain and Italy). Pinal achieved international recognition by starring in a famous film trilogy by director Luis Buñuel: Viridiana (1961), El ángel exterminador (1962) and Simón del desierto (1965).In addition to her film career, she has also excelled in other areas. She was a pioneer of musical theatre in Mexico, ventured into television, and held some political office charges.
<Huntington,_New_York>	The Town of Huntington is one of ten towns in Suffolk County, New York. Founded in 1653, it is located on the north shore of Long Island in northwestern Suffolk County, with Long Island Sound to its north and Nassau County adjacent to the west. Huntington is part of the New York metropolitan area. As of the 2020 census, the town population was 204,127.Huntington is the only township in the United States to ban self-service gas stations at the township level and among the few places in the U.S. where full-service gas stations are compulsory and no self-service is allowed; the entire state of New Jersey and the western-Mid Valley portion of Oregon are the only other places in the country with similar laws.
<Penny_Nichols>	Penny Nichols (December 26, 1947 – October 29, 2017) was an American folk musician and songwriter.Nichols began her career in the Southern California folk circuit in Orange County, California, in 1964, singing in a bluegrass band with Alice, Bill & John McEuen. She formed a folk duo called Greasy Mountain Butterballs with Kathy Smith, touring Vietnam in 1966. In 1967 she moved to San Francisco, where she performed as an opening act at venues such as the Avalon Ballroom and Fillmore Auditorium and at outdoor music festivals. Her debut album, Penny's Arcade, was released by Buddha Records in 1967.
<Myrna_Loy>	Myrna Loy (born Myrna Adele Williams; August 2, 1905 – December 14, 1993) was an American film, television and stage actress. Trained as a dancer, Loy devoted herself fully to an acting career following a few minor roles in silent films. She was originally typecast in exotic roles, often as a vamp or a woman of Asian descent, but her career prospects improved greatly following her portrayal of Nora Charles in The Thin Man (1934).Born in Helena, Montana, Loy was raised in rural Radersburg during her early childhood, before relocating to Los Angeles with her mother in her early adolescence. There, she began studying dance, and trained extensively throughout her high school education. She was discovered by production designer Natacha Rambova, who helped facilitate film auditions for her, and she began obtaining small roles in the late 1920s, mainly portraying vamps. Her role in The Thin Man helped elevate her reputation as a versatile actress, and she reprised the role of Nora Charles five more times.
<James_M._McPherson>	James Munro McPherson (born October 11, 1936) is an American Civil War historian, and is the George Henry Davis '86 Professor Emeritus of United States History at Princeton University. He received the 1989 Pulitzer Prize for Battle Cry of Freedom: The Civil War Era. McPherson was the president of the American Historical Association in 2003.Born in Valley City, North Dakota, McPherson graduated from St. Peter High School, and he received his Bachelor of Arts at Gustavus Adolphus College (St. Peter, Minnesota) in 1958 (from which he graduated magna cum laude), and his Ph.D. at Johns Hopkins University in 1963 where he studied under C. Vann Woodward.
<Tex_Murphy>	Tex Murphy is a series of adventure games designed by Chris Jones. The eponymous main character is portrayed in live-action by Chris Jones himself. He is characterized as a down-on-his-luck private investigator in a post-nuclear future San Francisco, borrowing tropes from both the film noir and cyberpunk genres.Mean Streets is the first game in the Tex Murphy series. Unlike later games in the series, it features segments in a variety of genres, including adventure game sequences, side-scrolling action sequences, and an open-world flight simulator. It was notable at the time as one of the first commercially available games to use 256-color VGA graphics, as well as for its "RealSound" technology that allowed recorded digital audio to be played back without the need for an external sound card.
<David_Sánchez_Parrilla>	David Sánchez Parrilla (born 13 December 1978) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right back.
<Portsmouth_F.C.>	Portsmouth Football Club is a professional football club based in Portsmouth, Hampshire, England, which compete in EFL League One. They are also known as Pompey, a local nickname used by both HMNB Portsmouth and the city of Portsmouth; the Pompey nickname predates the club and has various unconfirmed origin sources and theories. The club was founded on 5 April 1898 by Sir John Brickwood and began playing home matches at Fratton Park the following year. Portsmouth are one of only five English football clubs to have been champions of all four tiers of the professional English football pyramid. Portsmouth's arch-rivals are Southampton, a rivalry based in part to geographic proximity and both cities' respective maritime histories.Portsmouth spent their early history in the Southern and Western leagues, winning five division titles before being admitted into the English Football League in 1920 as founder members of the Third Division. They won the Third Division South title in 1922–23 and were promoted out of the Second Division at the end of the 1926–27 season, becoming the first southern club outside of London to reach the top tier of English professional football. They competed in the 1929, 1934 and 1939 FA Cup finals, winning the competition for the first time in latter of these finals and thereby remaining as reigning champions throughout World War II. They won the First Division title in 1948–49 and 1949–50 under the stewardship of Bob Jackson. However, their 32 consecutive years in the top-flight ended in relegation in 1959 and was followed by another relegation two years later, though the goals of Ron Saunders helped the club to win promotion as Third Division champions in 1961–62.
<Ercole_Spada>	Ercole Spada (born 26 July 1937 in Busto Arsizio) is an Italian automobile designer. His most notable designs were produced in the 1960s, for the Zagato design studio house, where Spada was chief stylist. During this period some of the most notable sports cars by Aston Martin, Ferrari, Maserati, as well as Alfa Romeo, Abarth, Fiat and Lancia were clothed by Spada's designs.Spada earned a degree in industrial engineering from Istituto tecnico Feltrinelli in 1956. Following a military service, he joined Zagato in February 1960.The first design created by Spada for Zagato was the Aston Martin DB4 GT Zagato. Many avant-garde yet instantly-classic designs followed, soon becoming cornerstones of automotive design. Spada's designs were acknowledged as seminal by his fellow designers as well as by generations of new designers. One example of the attraction of Spada's work was the Mazda MX-3, which aimed to capture the magic of the Alfa Romeo Giulia TZ design, according to its creators. Shortly before leaving Zagato, Spada designed one of the most modern looking cars of the era, the Alfa Romeo Junior Z, as well as the popular and dramatic Lancia Fulvia Sport.
<Leeuwenhoek_Medal>	The Leeuwenhoek Medal, established in 1877 by the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences (KNAW), in honor of the 17th- and 18th-century microscopist Antoni van Leeuwenhoek, is granted every ten years to the scientist judged to have made the most significant contribution to microbiology during the preceding decade. From 2015 the Royal Dutch Society for Microbiology (KNVM) will be awarding the Leeuwenhoek Medal.Source: KNVM
<John_Okell>	John William Alan Okell OBE (/oʊˈkɛl/; 1934 – 3 August 2020) was a British linguist notable for his expertise in the field of Burma studies.Okell was born in Brighton and was educated at The Queen's College, University of Oxford, where he read Literae Humaniores ("Greats").
<Walter_Ulbricht>	Walter Ernst Paul Ulbricht (German: [ˈvaltɐ ˈʔʊlbʁɪçt]; 30 June 1893 – 1 August 1973) was a German communist politician. Ulbricht played a leading role in the creation of the Weimar-era Communist Party of Germany (KPD) and later (after spending the years of Nazi rule in exile in France and the Soviet Union) in the early development and establishment of the German Democratic Republic. As the First Secretary of the Socialist Unity Party from 1950 to 1971, he was the chief decision-maker in East Germany. From President Wilhelm Pieck's death in 1960 on, he was also the East German head of state until his own death in 1973. As the leader of a significant Communist satellite, Ulbricht had a degree of bargaining power with the Kremlin that he used effectively. For example, he demanded the building of the Berlin Wall in 1961 when the Kremlin was reluctant.Ulbricht began his political life during the German Empire, when he joined first the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) in 1912, the anti-World War I Independent Social Democratic Party of Germany (USPD) in 1917 and deserted the Imperial German Army in 1918. He joined the Communist Party of Germany in 1920 and became a leading party functionary, serving in its Central Committee from 1923 onward. After the Nazi takeover of Germany in 1933 and the 1934 exposure of his role in ordering the 1931 murder of Paul Anlauf and Franz Lenck, Ulbricht lived in Paris and Prague from 1933 to 1937 and in the Soviet Union from 1937 to 1945.
<Youth_in_Revolt>	Youth in Revolt: The Journals of Nick Twisp is a 1993 epistolary novel by C. D. Payne. The story is told in a picaresque fashion and makes heavy use of black humor and camp. The book contains parts one through three of an eleven-part series (the three sequential parts were published as three separate books).The book's main protagonist is Nicholas "Nick" Twisp, a 14-year-old boy of above-average intelligence from Oakland, California. Nick's life continues like a normal teenager's with his best friend Leroy, a.k.a. Lefty, and his divorced parents George and Estelle. His mother is dating a truck driver named Jerry, who sells a group of sailors a Chevy Nova that dies soon after the sailors get it. In response, the sailors go for revenge. After outsmarting them, Jerry strategically decides to take a vacation, so they all go to a religious mobile home camp in the resort town of Clearlake.It is there that Nick meets Sheridan "Sheeni" Saunders and his life is turned completely upside down. Through plots to get Sheeni closer to him he ends up with several crimes on his hands (including arson, grand theft auto, and foul play) and is forced to run from the police. Nick tricks everyone into thinking he went to India, thereby escaping the police. Nick hides out with his sister Joanie and returns with help from his friend in Ukiah, Frank "Fuzzy" DeFalco. He dresses in Fuzzy's late grandmother's clothes, adopting the name Carlotta and a conservative disposition. As Nick does so, he befriends Sheeni and several other people who Nick knew before. While spending the night with Sheeni on Christmas Eve, she reveals to him that she knew from the beginning it was him, not Carlotta. Nick then gets "the best Christmas present a youth could receive," starting a secret relationship with Sheeni.
<Night_(book)>	Night is the period in which the sun is below the horizon.Night or Nights may also refer to:
<Grand_Hotel_et_de_Milan>	Coordinates: 45°28′12.77″N 9°11′34.26″E﻿ / ﻿45.4702139°N 9.1928500°E﻿ / 45.4702139; 9.1928500The Grand Hotel et de Milan is a luxury hotel located in the center of Milan, Italy.The construction was commissioned to architect Andrea Pizzala (1798–1862) and was inspired by the neo-Gothic movement. Inaugurated in 1863, it offered services fitting of a grand hotel of the capital of the Kingdom of Lombardy–Venetia: postal and telegramming services, as well as a hydraulic elevator. It was a short carriage ride from La Scala Theatre, renowned amongst composers, musicians, singers and music lovers who simply coined the hotel "the Milan". Near the end of the 19th century the hotel gained significant importance as it was frequented by diplomats and businessmen.The hotel rose to prominence in 1872 when composer Giuseppe Verdi established his residence in one of the suites, which provided the privacy he needed when he was in town to work at the famous opera house La Scala.  His suite, perfectly preserved to the present day, resembled his study at his Sant'Agata home, outside Piacenza. The building was completely refurbished in 1931 and equipped with tap water and telephones in every room. In 1943, during World War II, the hotel was bombed, and the fourth floor was destroyed; in 1946, after the war, architect Giovanni Muzio was engaged to restore and renovate the building. The hotel was popular with fashion designers in the 1960s and 1970s, when Milan began hosting annual fashion weeks. In an early 1990s renovation, a defense wall dating back to the 3rd century was brought to light and featured in one of the hotel's restaurants.
<Brian_Friel>	Brian Patrick Friel (c. 9 January 1929 – 2 October 2015) was an Irish dramatist, short story writer and founder of the Field Day Theatre Company. He had been considered one of the greatest living English-language dramatists. He has been likened to an "Irish Chekhov" and described as "the universally accented voice of Ireland". His plays have been compared favourably to those of contemporaries such as Samuel Beckett, Arthur Miller, Harold Pinter and Tennessee Williams.Recognised for early works such as Philadelphia, Here I Come! and Faith Healer, Friel had 24 plays published in a career of more than a half-century. He was elected to the honorary position of Saoi of Aosdána. His plays were commonly produced on Broadway in New York City throughout this time, as well as in Ireland and the UK. In 1980 Friel co-founded Field Day Theatre Company and his play Translations was the company's first production. With Field Day, Friel collaborated with Seamus Heaney, 1995 recipient of the Nobel Prize in Literature. Heaney and Friel first became friends after Friel sent the young poet a letter following publication of his book Death of a Naturalist.
<Frederick_Ashton>	Sir Frederick William Mallandaine Ashton OM CH CBE (17 September 1904 – 18 August 1988) was a British ballet dancer and choreographer. He also worked as a director and choreographer in opera, film and revue.Determined to be a dancer despite the opposition of his conventional middle-class family, Ashton was accepted as a pupil by Léonide Massine and then by Marie Rambert. In 1926 Rambert encouraged him to try his hand at choreography, and though he continued to dance professionally, with success, it was as a choreographer that he became famous.
<Torn_(TV_series)>	Torn is a three-part original television drama series, which was broadcast on ITV from 19 September 2007 to 3 October 2007. The drama was controversial because it was reportedly based on real events, and was criticised because of its similarities to the disappearance of Madeleine McCann in May 2007. ITV denied any connection between the two, insisting that the series had been inspired by recent cases in the United States and had been written and filmed before Madeleine's disappearance.The series begins in 1996 with a married couple, Sarah (Holly Aird) and David (Adam Kotz) Hooper, going to a busy beach with their young children Alice, Jasmine (Emma Natasha Miles) and Sean (Owen Donovan) on a bank holiday. After some time three-year-old Alice is accidentally left alone and vanishes when her father goes to get ice cream and her mother fails to hear his cries to watch her and presumes she is with him. A frantic search fails to yield any results, and Alice is presumed dead by drowning and is remembered through a commemoration plaque near the beach.
<Club_Atlético_River_Plate_(Montevideo)>	Club Atlético River Plate is a Uruguayan football club based in Montevideo. The club currently plays in the Primera División, the top level of the Uruguayan football league system. This is not the same River Plate F.C. that won the Uruguayan league in the early 20th century.River Plate de Montevideo is the result of the merger of former clubs Olimpia and Capurro. After its foundation on 11 May 1932, one of the first objectives reached was the settlement of a new football pitch. The managers decided to establish the "Olimpia Park" (today called Estadio Saroldi) as its home stadium. The name of the stadium was settled in honour of River's first goalkeeper, Federico Omar Saroldi, who died after playing a match against Central Español from an injury suffered during the game.
<Gail_O'Grady>	Gail Ann O'Grady (born January 23, 1963), an American actress and producer, is best known for her roles on television. Her roles include Donna Abandando in the ABC police drama NYPD Blue, and Helen Pryor in the NBC drama series American Dreams. O'Grady is also well known for her lead roles in a number of television movies. She has been nominated for a Primetime Emmy Awards three times.O'Grady was born in Detroit, Michigan, the daughter of Jim and Jan O'Grady. Her father was a financial planner.[citation needed] She was raised in Wheaton, Illinois, and graduated from Wheaton North High School in 1981. She appeared in a few commercials before moving to Los Angeles in 1986.O'Grady began her career as a model for Montgomery Ward and as an actor in several commercials. In one commercial, she played the neighbor for whom Michael J. Fox's character chases down a Diet Pepsi. In time, she began making guest appearances, often as a villain. She made her big screen debut in the 1988 romantic comedy She's Having a Baby, and later was cast for two episodes on the ABC drama China Beach. She also guest starred on several other shows, and appeared in made for television and independent movies.
<Hayrünnisa_Gül>	Hayrünnisa Gül (pronounced [hajɾyˈnisa ˈɟyl]; née Özyurt, born August 18, 1966) is the 11th First Lady of Turkey, as the wife of Abdullah Gül.On October 7, 2010, Gül became the first First Lady to address the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE) on issues faced by children and women.Gül has also publicly spoken out against the imposition of the head scarf in Islamic countries upon young females who cannot make judgment for themselves.
<Welcome_to_St._Tropez>	"Welcome to St. Tropez" is a song by Swiss DJ and record producer DJ Antoine taken from his studio album 2011. It features vocals by Russian rapper Timati and American singer-songwriter Kalenna. Originally, the song is by Timati and Russian singer Blue Marine. The song became a top-ten hit in Austria, France, Germany, the Netherlands, Poland, Romania and Switzerland.There are two versions of the music video. Kalenna does not appear in either versions. In the first version DJ Antoine is on stage wearing a red suit and throwing different colored pairs of sunglasses into the audience, while clapping and waving around his hands in St. Tropez, singing at some clubs and doing several activities such as riding a horse bareback. There are several scenes showing people laughing. The second version features additional scenes with DJ Antoine driving a Ferrari dressed in a clown costume.
<Kate_Ryan>	Kate Ryan (born Katrien Verbeeck, 22 July 1980) is a Belgian singer and songwriter, and the winner of a World Music Award. She began her singing career in 2001 and later found fame with a string of dance hits. These included covers, mostly of Mylène Farmer and France Gall, such as "Désenchantée", "Libertine", and "Ella, elle l'a", and Desireless' "Voyage Voyage", as well as new material. Ryan represented Belgium in the Eurovision Song Contest 2006 with "Je t'adore" coming in 12th place in the semi-final.Ryan was born in the small village of Tessenderlo, Belgium, and grew up in a musical family. At eight years old she learned to play piano and guitar. She received singing and piano lessons from her aunt who teaches at a conservatory. She studied at an art school, specialising in jewellery design. Ryan played frequently in bars and cafés as a teenager, and one night she was offered a recording deal. She became a member of a pop group called Melt at the age of 16. The group was active for two years, but they did not release any material commercially. When she met producer Andy Janssens, she left Melt and the pair began to write music together. Their debut single "Scream for More" was released in 2001, and it became a chart success. Later that year Ryan's second single, "UR (My Love)", cemented her position in Belgian charts.[citation needed]
<Laura_Dave>	Laura Dave (born July 18, 1977) is an American novelist.Dave was born in New York City and grew up in Scarsdale, New York. Her interest in writing began when she was in elementary school. Dave graduated from the University of Pennsylvania in 1999, where she received a B.A. in English. She has an MFA from the University of Virginia's creative writing program. She was a Henry Hoyns Fellow and a recipient of the Tennessee Williams Scholarship. She received several awards for her writing including the AWP Intro Award in Short Fiction.Following graduate school, Dave worked as a freelance journalist for ESPN.
<James_Barnet>	James Johnstone Barnet, (1827 in Almericlose, Arbroath, Scotland – 16 December 1904 in Forest Lodge, Sydney, New South Wales) was the Colonial Architect for Colonial New South Wales, serving from 1862 to 1890.Born the son of a builder, Barnet was educated at the local high school. In 1843, at the age of sixteen, Barnet moved to London, where he became a builder's apprentice, studying drawing under William Dyce RA and architecture with CJ Richardson FRIBA.  He then became of clerk of works with the Worshipful Company of Fishmongers.  In 1854 he married and sailed for Sydney, Australia, with his new wife, Rosa. In Sydney, he worked first as a builder for Edmund Blacket, then became Clerk of Works at the University of Sydney.
<Gus_Grissom>	Virgil Ivan "Gus" Grissom (April 3, 1926 – January 27, 1967) was an American engineer, pilot in the United States Air Force, and member of the Mercury Seven selected by National Aeronautics and Space Administration's (NASA) as Project Mercury astronauts to be the first Americans in outer space. He was a Project Gemini and an Apollo program astronaut. As a member of the NASA Astronaut Corps, Grissom was the second American to fly in space in 1961. He was also the second American to fly in space twice, preceded only by Joe Walker with his sub-orbital X-15 flights.Grissom was a World War II and Korean War veteran, mechanical engineer, and USAF test pilot. He was a recipient of the Distinguished Flying Cross, the Air Medal with an oak leaf cluster, two NASA Distinguished Service Medals, and, posthumously, the Congressional Space Medal of Honor.
<Bruce_Mann_(legal_historian)>	Bruce Hartling Mann (born April 28, 1950) is an American legal scholar who is the Carl F. Schipper, Jr. Professor of Law at Harvard Law School, and husband of U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren. A legal historian, his research focuses on the relationship among legal, social, and economic change in early United States. He began teaching at Harvard Law School in 2006, after being the Leon Meltzer Professor of Law and Professor of History at the University of Pennsylvania Law School.Bruce Hartling Mann was born on April 28, 1950 in Massachusetts. He graduated in 1968 from Hingham High School in Hingham, Massachusetts. He received A.B. and A.M. degrees from Brown University (1972) and M.Phil., J.D., and Ph.D. degrees from Yale University (1975, 1975, and 1977, respectively). His dissertation is titled "Rationality, Legal Change, and Community in Connecticut, 1690–1760." Mann has been licensed to practice law in Connecticut since 1975.
<Wycombe_Wanderers_F.C.>	Wycombe Wanderers Football Club /ˈwɪkəm/ is an English professional association football club based in the town of High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire. The team compete in League One, the third tier of the English football league system. They play their home matches at Adams Park, located on the western outskirts of High Wycombe.Founded in 1887, they entered the Southern League in 1896. They switched to the Great Western Suburban League in 1908 and then the Spartan League in 1919, before joining the Isthmian League after winning the Spartan League in 1919–20 and 1920–21. They spent 64 years in the Isthmian League, winning eight league titles and one FA Amateur Cup title. Having rejected numerous invitations to join the Alliance Premier League (now National League), they finally accepted an offer in 1985 and eventually found success in the fifth tier of English football under the management of Martin O'Neill, winning promotion into the Football League as Football Conference champions in 1992–93. They also lifted the FA Trophy in 1991 and 1993, and won the Conference League Cup, Conference Shield (three times) and Conference Charity Shield.
<United_Kingdom>	in Europe (dark grey)The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, commonly known as the United Kingdom (UK) or Britain, is a country in Europe, off the north-western coast of the continental mainland. It comprises England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. The United Kingdom includes the island of Great Britain, the north-eastern part of the island of Ireland, and many smaller islands within the British Isles. Northern Ireland shares a land border with the Republic of Ireland; otherwise, the United Kingdom is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean, the North Sea, the English Channel, the Celtic Sea and the Irish Sea. The total area of the United Kingdom is 242,495 square kilometres (93,628 sq mi), with an estimated 2020 population of more than 67 million people.
<Steven_Vitória>	Steven de Sousa Vitória (born 11 January 1987) is a Canadian professional soccer player who plays as a centre-back for Primeira Liga club Chaves and the Canada national team.Having started out at Porto, he went on to play for several clubs in Portugal in both the Primeira Liga and the Segunda Liga, this including a one-year spell at Benfica. He also competed professionally in the United States and Poland.
<Jaime_Bravo>	Jaime Bravo (September 8, 1932 – February 2, 1970) was a Mexican matador during the 1950s and 1960s. Bravo was known for his death-defying style and numerous relationships with various women and Hollywood starlets.Bravo was born in the infamous Tepito District of México City, to Spanish parents. His way out of the ghetto was as a trapezista (trapeze artist) for a well-known Mexican circus.  In his early twenties he stowed away on a ship to Cuba, and then on another to Spain, where he learned his art.  Bravo took his Alternativa in Valencia, and was later confirmed in Madrid.During the 1950s and 1960s, Mexico was full of crossover movie stars including Antonio Aguilar, making western films and usually singing in them like a Latin version of Elvis, the scripts groomed to fit his more high-profile career. Gaston Santos, the rejoneador, was also making movies. Wrestlers like Blue Demon, El Santo, Chanoc, Mil Mascaras and Nathaniel Leon had roles in horror films, while bullfighters like Carlos Arruza, Luis Procuna, Manuel Capetillo, and David Liceaga also entered the field. As a bullfighter for many years, Bravo was especially popular with the ladies and border town crowds. In the eyes of some producers, he had the looks and the charm, if not the talent, to achieve screen stardom.
<Canadian_Alliance>	Provincial partiesProvincial parties
<By_the_Waters_of_Babylon>	"By the Waters of Babylon" is a post-apocalyptic short story by American writer Stephen Vincent Benét, first published July 31, 1937, in The Saturday Evening Post as "The Place of the Gods". It was republished in 1943  The Pocket Book of Science Fiction, and was adapted in 1971 into a one-act play by Brainerd Duffield.Set in a future following the destruction of industrial civilization, the story is narrated by a young man  who is the son of a priest. The priests of John's people (the Hill People) are inquisitive people associated with the divine. They are the only ones who can handle metal collected from the homes (called the "Dead Places") of long-dead people whom they believe to be gods. The plot follows John’s self-assigned mission to get to the Place of the Gods. His father allows him to go on a spiritual journey, not realizing John is going to this forbidden place.John journeys through the forest for eight days and crosses the river Ou-dis-sun. Once John gets to the Place of the Gods, he feels the energy and magic there. He sees a statue of a "god"—in point of fact, a human—that says "ASHING" on its base. He also sees a building marked "UBTREAS". After being chased by dogs and climbing the stairs of a large building, John sees a dead god. Upon viewing the visage, he has an epiphany that the gods were humans whose power overwhelmed their good judgment. After John returns to his tribe, he tells his father of "the place New York." His father warns him against recounting his experiences to others in the tribe, for sometimes too much truth is a bad thing, that it must be told little by little. The story ends with John stating his conviction that, once he becomes the head priest, "We must build again."
<Diane_Ravitch>	Diane Silvers Ravitch (born July 1, 1938) is a historian of education, an educational policy analyst, and a research professor at New York University's Steinhardt School of Culture, Education, and Human Development. Previously, she was a U.S. Assistant Secretary of Education. In 2010, she became "an activist on behalf of public schools". Her blog at DianeRavitch.net has received more than 36 million page views since she began blogging in 2012. Ravitch writes for the New York Review of Books.Ravitch was born into a Jewish family in 1938 in Houston, Texas, where she went to public schools from kindergarten through high school graduation from San Jacinto High School in 1956. She is one of eight children. She is a graduate of Wellesley College and earned a PhD from Columbia University.
<Square_Enix_Europe>	Square Enix Limited (formerly Domark Limited and Eidos Interactive Limited) is a British subsidiary of the Japanese video game company Square Enix, acting as their European publishing arm. The company formerly owned Tomb Raider, which was in development under CentreGold in 1996, and had acquired Crystal Dynamics in 1998, among numerous other assets, until 2022. Square Enix Limited and fellow group company Square Enix Incorporated shared "Phil" Rogers as CEO and other executives from 2013 to 2022.The company was founded as Domark in 1984 by Mark Strachan and Dominic Wheatley. In 1995, it was acquired by Eidos plc and merged with Simis and Big Red Software to create the subsidiary Eidos Interactive the following year. Ian Livingstone, who held a stake in Domark, became deputy chairman of Eidos and stayed in various roles, until his departure from the company in 2013. In 2005, Eidos plc was in turn acquired by British games publisher SCi. The combined company, SCi Entertainment Group, which was briefly renamed Eidos, was bought by Square Enix in 2009. In November 2009, Square Enix completed the merger of its existing European branch with Eidos Interactive, trading the resulting company as Square Enix Limited, which assumed the trade name Square Enix Europe. In August 2022, Embracer Group completed its acquisition of studios Crystal Dynamics, Eidos-Montréal and Square Enix Montréal and intellectual properties Tomb Raider, Deus Ex among other assets, with Rogers and management moving to Embracer.
<Nedlands,_Western_Australia>	Nedlands is an affluent western suburb of Perth, the capital city of Western Australia. It is a part of the local government areas of the City of Nedlands and the City of Perth. It is about 7 kilometres (4 mi) from the Perth CBD via either Thomas Street or Mounts Bay Road.Nedlands is a mixed-character suburb. It contains:
<Richard_Sharp_Smith>	Richard Sharp Smith (July 7, 1853 – February 8, 1924) was an English-born American architect, associated with Biltmore Estate and Asheville, North Carolina. Clay Griffith with the North Carolina State Historic Preservation Office says, "The influence of Richard Sharp Smith’s architecture in Asheville and western North Carolina during the first quarter of the twentieth century cannot be overstated." His vernacular style combines elements of Craftsman, Colonial Revival, English cottage, Shingle, and Tudor Revival architectural styles. He is associated with some of America's important architectural firms of the late 19th century—Richard Morris Hunt, Bradford Lee Gilbert, and Reid & Reid.Smith was born in Yorkshire, England, the son of Saleta (nee Watterson) and Jones Smith. He is thought to have studied architecture at the Kensington School of Art in London. He received additional architectural training in the office of a cousin, George Smith.  He worked with various firms in Manchester before immigrating to the United States in 1882.In 1882, Smith became an architect with Reid Brothers in Evansville, Indiana, an architectural and engineering firm. As Reid & Reid, this firm would go on to be one of the most important architects in San Francisco of that era; however, Smith only worked with them for a year. In 1883, he moved to New York City to work with the noted architect Bradford Lee Gilbert. Under Gilbert, Smith supervised the design and construction of railroad stations. However, in that era, Gilbert was also working on mansions for New York City's millionaires and a hotel, so  Smith was exposed to a range of projects.
<The_Battle_Hymn_of_the_Republic>	The "Battle Hymn of the Republic", also known as "Mine Eyes Have Seen the Glory" or "Glory, Glory Hallelujah" outside of the United States, is a popular American patriotic song written by the abolitionist writer Julia Ward Howe.Howe wrote her lyrics to the music of the song "John Brown's Body" in November 1861 and first published them in The Atlantic Monthly in February 1862. The song links the judgment of the wicked at the end of the age (through allusions to biblical passages such as Isaiah 63:1–6 and Revelation 14:14–19) with the American Civil War.
<Liberal_Democratic_Party_(Japan)>	The Liberal Democratic Party (自由民主党, Jiyū-Minshutō), frequently abbreviated to LDP or Jimintō (自民党), is a conservative political party in Japan.The LDP has been in power almost continuously since its foundation in 1955—a period called the 1955 System—except between 1993 and 1994, and again from 2009 to 2012. In the 2012 election, it regained control of the government. After the 2021 and 2022 elections it holds 261 seats in the House of Representatives and 119 seats in the House of Councillors, and in coalition with Komeito since 1999, a governing majority in both houses.The LDP is often described as a big tent conservative party, with several different ideological factions. The party's history and internal composition have been characterized by intense factionalism ever since its emergence in 1955, with its parliamentary members currently split among six factions, each of which vies for influence in the party and the government. The incumbent Prime Minister and party President, Fumio Kishida, is the leader of the party's Kōchikai faction.
<Alex_Gordon>	Alexander Jonathan Gordon (born February 10, 1984) is an American former professional baseball left fielder who played his entire career for the Kansas City Royals of Major League Baseball (MLB) from 2007 to 2020. Prior to playing professionally, Gordon attended the University of Nebraska–Lincoln, where he played college baseball for the Nebraska Cornhuskers.At Nebraska, Gordon won the Brooks Wallace Award, Dick Howser Trophy, and Golden Spikes Award in 2005. That year, the Royals selected Gordon with the second overall pick in the 2005 MLB Draft. Gordon made his major league debut in 2007 as a third baseman, but had an inconsistent beginning to his career.  In 2010, the Royals demoted Gordon to the minor leagues for a substantial period of time, and moved Gordon from third base to the outfield.  He returned to the Royals later that season as a full-time outfielder, and his play improved substantially.  A member of the Royals' 2015 World Series championship team, Gordon signed a four-year free agent contract that offseason to remain with the team. Gordon won eight Gold Glove Awards, four Fielding Bible Awards, and a Wilson Defensive Player of the Year Award, all after the move to the outfield.
<Phil_Redmond>	Sir Philip Redmond CBE (born 10 June 1949) is an English television producer and screenwriter from Huyton, England. He is known for creating the television series Grange Hill, Brookside and Hollyoaks.Redmond took the 11-plus and passed, but attended St Kevin's RC School in Northwood, Kirkby (it became All Saints Catholic High School, Kirkby). His mother was a cleaner and his father was a bus driver. 
<Dennis_Berry_(director)>	Dennis Charles Berry (August 11, 1944 – June 12, 2021) was an American-French film director, actor, and screenwriter. He was the son of director John Berry.
<Chen_Jianbin>	Chen Jianbin (born June 27, 1970) is a Chinese actor active in television and film. He is most notable for the portrayal of Cao Cao in the 2010 television series Three Kingdoms; as well as his performance in Decade of Marriage, Qiao's Grand Courtyard and Empresses in the Palace.Chen married his Qiao's Grand Courtyard costar Jiang Qinqin in 2006.
<Debbie_Dingell>	Deborah Ann Dingell (/ˈdɪŋɡəl/; née Insley; November 23, 1953) is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party who has been the U.S. representative for Michigan's 12th congressional district since 2015. She is the widow of John Dingell, her predecessor in the seat, who holds the record as the longest-serving member of Congress in U.S. history. She worked as a consultant to the American Automobile Policy Council. She was a superdelegate for the 2012 Democratic National Convention in Charlotte, North Carolina.Dingell is active in several Michigan and Washington, D.C., charities and serves on a number of charitable boards. She is a founder and past chair of the National Women's Health Resource Center and the Children's Inn at the National Institutes of Health (NIH). She is also a member of the board of directors for Vital Voices Global Partnership. She is a 1975 graduate of the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service at Georgetown University.
<Alan_Alda>	Alan Alda (/ˈɑːldə/; born Alphonso Joseph D'Abruzzo; January 28, 1936) is an American actor, screenwriter, and director. A six-time Emmy Award and Golden Globe Award winner, he is best known for playing Captain Benjamin "Hawkeye" Pierce in the war comedy-drama television series M*A*S*H (1972–1983). He also wrote and directed numerous episodes of the series.Alda is also known for recurring roles on television series, such as The West Wing and Ray Donovan, and received critical acclaim for his appearances in films such as Same Time, Next Year (1978) alongside Ellen Burstyn and for his directorial debut film The Four Seasons (1981). Other film appearances include Crimes and Misdemeanors (1989), Flirting with Disaster (1996), the Cold War drama Bridge of Spies (2015), and Marriage Story (2019). In 2004, Alda was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in The Aviator. Alda has also received three Tony Award nominations for his Broadway performances in The Apple Tree (1967), Jake's Women (1992), and Glengarry Glen Ross (2005). In 2019, Alda received the Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award.
<Franklin_Dyall>	Frank Poole Dyall (3 February 1870– 8 May 1950), professionally known as Franklin Dyall, was an English actor. In his early years he was a member of the companies of the actor-managers George Alexander, Ben Greet, John Martin-Harvey and Johnston Forbes-Robertson. During a 50-year stage career he played a wide range of parts in plays from Shakespeare to modern comedy, grand guignol, swashbuckling costume drama and the works of Ibsen. He broadcast on radio and television and made more than 20 films. He was the father of the actor Valentine Dyall.Dyall was born in Liverpool on 3 February 1870, the youngest of four sons of Charles Dyall, first curator of the Walker Art Gallery, and his wife Margaret Oliphant née Robertson. He was educated at the Liverpool Institute High School for Boys. He made his professional stage debut in April 1894 in George Alexander's company at the St James's Theatre, London, in The Masqueraders by Henry Arthur Jones. In his early career he appeared under his real name, and as Frank Dyall he played a servant in Alexander's production of Henry James's Guy Domville in January 1895 and created the role of Merriman in The Importance of Being Earnest the following month.
<Jim_Backus>	James Gilmore Backus (February 25, 1913 – July 3, 1989) was an American actor. Among his most famous roles were  Thurston Howell III on the 1960s sitcom Gilligan's Island, the father of James Dean's character in Rebel Without a Cause, the voice of the nearsighted cartoon character Mr. Magoo, the rich Hubert Updike III on the radio version of The Alan Young Show, and Joan Davis' character's husband (a domestic court judge) on TV's I Married Joan. He also starred in his own show of one season, The Jim Backus Show, also known as Hot Off the Wire.An avid golfer, Backus made the 36-hole cut at the 1964 Bing Crosby Pro-Am tournament. He was inducted to the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 1960.
<California_Institute_of_Technology>	The California Institute of Technology (branded as Caltech or CIT) is a private research university in Pasadena, California. Caltech is ranked among the best academic institutions in the world, and with an enrollment of approximately 2400 students, it is one of the world's most selective universities. The university is known for its strength in science and engineering, and is among a small group of institutes of technology in the United States which is primarily devoted to the instruction of pure and applied sciences.The institution was founded as a preparatory and vocational school by Amos G. Throop in 1891 and began attracting influential scientists such as George Ellery Hale, Arthur Amos Noyes, and Robert Andrews Millikan in the early 20th century. The vocational and preparatory schools were disbanded and spun off in 1910 and the college assumed its present name in 1920. In 1934, Caltech was elected to the Association of American Universities, and the antecedents of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, which Caltech continues to manage and operate, were established between 1936 and 1943 under Theodore von Kármán.
<Elk_(sculpture)>	Thompson Elk Fountain, also known as the David P. Thompson Fountain, David P. Thompson Monument, Elk Fountain, the Thompson Elk, or simply Elk, is a historic fountain and bronze sculpture by American artist Roland Hinton Perry. The fountain with its statue was donated to the city of Portland, Oregon, United States, in 1900 for display in Downtown Portland's Plaza Blocks. It is owned by the City of Portland.The monument became a gathering place for demonstrations by George Floyd protesters, who lit several fires in the troughs along the base in July 2020. The damaged bronze elk statue was removed for cleaning and safekeeping on July 2, 2020. The stone fountain was removed on July 17, 2020, after RACC determined there was severe damage to the stone and basin of the fountain.Elk, formerly installed on Southwest Main between 3rd and 4th Avenues between Chapman Square and Lownsdale Square in Portland's Plaza Blocks, features a bronze sculpture of an elk, resting on a granite base within an octagon-shaped basin. The statue and base are 9 feet (2.7 m) tall; the basin measures approximately 3 ft. 3 in. x 25 ft. x 8 ft.
<Léo_Lima>	 Leonardo Lima da Silva  (born 14 January 1982) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Madureira. He has played for teams such as Vasco da Gama, CSKA Sofia, Marítimo, Porto, Flamengo and Al-Nasr (Dubai).
<FK_Čukarički>	Fudbalski klub Čukarički (Serbian Cyrillic: Фудбалски клуб Чукарички) is a Serbian professional football club from Belgrade, more precisely from the Čukarica municipality, that currently plays in the Serbian SuperLiga, the top tier of Serbian football.Founded in 1926, the club spent the first years of its existence in the amateur field. In the days of Yugoslavia, Čukarički played predominantly in the lower divisions of the country. The first notable achievements for the club were in the seasons of 1971–72 and 1993–94, when they reached the Yugoslav Second League respectively and then reaching for the first time ever in the club's history the national top tier of football the Yugoslav First League the first tier in the newly created Serbia/Montenegro, as well as for the first time in the club's history playing on the European stage in the UEFA Intertoto Cup 1996 and the UEFA Intertoto Cup 1997.
<Russian_Post>	Coordinates: 55°41′18.37″N 37°37′24.69″E﻿ / ﻿55.6884361°N 37.6235250°E﻿ / 55.6884361; 37.6235250Russian Post (Russian: Почта России, Pochta Rossii) is an Aktsionernoye Obschestvo (AO, private limited company) which is the national postal operator of Russia. The company is responsible for the delivery of mail in Russia, and the issuing of postage stamps. Russian Post employs about 390,000 people and has over 42,000 post offices, with its headquarters in Moscow. In 2012 the Russian Post delivered more than 2.4 billion pieces of mail and accounted for more than 54 million parcels and more than 100 million in remittances. In March 2013 a presidential decree signed by President Vladimir Putin included the Russian Post in a list of so-called strategic enterprises.Russian Post owns 49.99% of the "Pochta Bank" (formerly Leto-Bank).
<Carrie_White>	Carrietta Nadine White is the title character and protagonist of American author Stephen King's first published 1974 horror novel, Carrie.In every adaptation and portrayal of Carrie, she is portrayed as a high school outcast, bullied, slandered and abused by students and even her own mother Margaret, an unstable religious fanatic. She also has telekinetic powers that confuse and frighten her, and fuel Margaret's conviction that her daughter is possessed by the Devil.Carrie White is blonde-haired with brown eyes, slightly overweight, shy, lonely, and isolated. She is severely bullied at school. Her widowed mother, Margaret, is a mentally unstable religious fanatic who beats her daughter and throws her into a "prayer closet" whenever she does something that her mother thinks is sinful. 
<Louis_H._Giele>	 Louis Heinrick Giele, AIA (1861–1932) was a German-born American architect, who designed a number of Catholic churches, schools, convents and rectories in New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, and elsewhere.Giele was born "Ludwig Heinrich Giele" in Hanover and emigrated to the United States in January 1882 as a carpenter. He married Linda Holder in July 1884 in Jersey City and set up an architectural practice there.Although Giele was not an especially prolific architect, the buildings he designed were very well appreciated and at least two of them are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
<Three_Corn_Patches>	Lyricist Jerome Leiber (April 25, 1933 – August 22, 2011) and composer Michael Stoller (born March 13, 1933) were American songwriting and record producing partners. They found success as the writers of such crossover hit songs as "Hound Dog" (1952) and "Kansas City" (1952). Later in the 1950s, particularly through their work with The Coasters, they created a string of ground-breaking hits—including "Young Blood" (1957), "Searchin'" (1957), and "Yakety Yak" (1958)—that used the humorous vernacular of teenagers sung in a style that was openly theatrical rather than personal.Leiber and Stoller wrote hits for Elvis Presley, including "Love Me" (1956), "Jailhouse Rock" (1957), "Loving You", "Don't", and "King Creole". They also collaborated with other writers on such songs as "On Broadway", written with Barry Mann and Cynthia Weil; "Stand By Me", written with Ben E. King; "Young Blood", written with Doc Pomus; and "Spanish Harlem", co-written by Leiber and Phil Spector. They were sometimes credited under the pseudonym Elmo Glick. In 1964, they launched Red Bird Records with George Goldner and, focusing on the "girl group" sound, released some of the notable songs of the Brill Building period.In all, Leiber and Stoller wrote or co-wrote over 70 chart hits. They were inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1985 and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
<Jerry_Goldsmith>	Jerrald King Goldsmith (February 10, 1929 – July 21, 2004) was an American composer and conductor known for his work in film and television scoring. He composed scores for five films in the Star Trek franchise and three in the Rambo franchise, as well as for Logan's Run, Planet of the Apes, Tora! Tora! Tora!, Patton, Chinatown, Alien, Poltergeist, Gremlins, Hoosiers, Total Recall, Air Force One, L.A. Confidential, Mulan, and The Mummy. He also composed the fanfares accompanying the production logos used by multiple major film studios, and music for the Disney attraction Soarin'. He collaborated with directors including Robert Wise, Howard Hawks, Otto Preminger, Joe Dante, Richard Donner, Ridley Scott, Steven Spielberg, Paul Verhoeven, and Franklin J. Schaffner. His work for Donner and Scott also involved a rejected score for Timeline and a controversially edited score for Alien, where music by Howard Hanson replaced Goldsmith's end titles and Goldsmith's own work on Freud: The Secret Passion was used without his approval in several scenes.Goldsmith was nominated for six Grammy Awards, five Primetime Emmy Awards, nine Golden Globe Awards, four British Academy Film Awards, and eighteen Academy Awards (winning in 1976 for The Omen).
<The_Unnamable_(novel)>	The Unnamable is a 1953 novel by Samuel Beckett. It was originally published in French as L'Innommable and later translated by the author into English. Grove Press published the English edition in 1958.Following the completion of Malone Dies in 1948, Beckett spent three months writing Waiting for Godot before beginning work on The Unnamable, which he completed in 1950. The Unnamable is the final volume in Beckett's "Trilogy" of novels, which begins with Molloy and continues with Malone Dies. As Benjamin Kunkel observes, "The trilogy proceeds by way of collapse. Beckett’s successive monologuists, confined to a series of small rooms, try and fail to tell their stories; and each narrator is then revealed to be the alias, and each story the alibi, of its successor, until, pulling all of Beckett’s earlier creations down upon its nonexistent head, there is only the disembodied voice of the Unnamable."  In this way, according to Gabriel Josipovici, "Beckett’s trilogy returns us to oral literature, to an art more honest and more immediate than that of the novel." Moreso than elsewhere in the trilogy, the themes of The Unnamable are explicitly spiritual, concerned with the search for the self, the meaning of existence, and the cause and cessation of suffering.
<Ronald_Weitzer>	Ronald Weitzer (born 1952) is a sociologist specializing in criminology and a professor at George Washington University, known for his publications on police-minority relations and on the sex industry.Weitzer has authored a number of papers on the sex industry, with a focus on laws and policies regarding prostitution and sex trafficking. He published a 1999 article evaluating US policies as well as a 2009 study of prostitution in Western Australia, whose state legislature voted to legalize brothel and escort prostitution in 2008.In 2012 he published a book on legal prostitution systems, Legalizing Prostitution: From Illicit Vice to Lawful Business. The book is based on Weitzer's review of studies of legal prostitution in various nations (New Zealand, Australia, Mexico, and the US state of Nevada) as well as his own research on Belgium, Germany, and the Netherlands. Weitzer notes that the notion of "legal prostitution" is not monolithic: it varies considerably from place to place. First, nations differ in the kinds of prostitution that they permit. Some allow brothels only, others restrict it to escort services, while others allow only independent operators (i.e., those who are self-employed and have no connection to a third-party manager or business establishment). A few societies, such as New Zealand, permit all types of consensual adult prostitution, but most continue to criminalize street prostitution because it is considered more risky and more of a public nuisance than indoor prostitution. In addition, in places where the trade has been decriminalized, at least some types of participants remain illegal. For example, minors are not allowed to work legally, exploitative pimping and trafficking are outlawed, and some societies prohibit migrants or persons infected with HIV from working legally. So, even where prostitution has been decriminalized and is now government-regulated, some types of participants are excluded from the legal regime.
<Hugo_Almeida>	Hugo Miguel Pereira de Almeida (born 23 May 1984) is a Portuguese former professional footballer who played as a centre-forward.After failing to establish himself at Porto, being loaned several times during his contract, he made a name for himself in Germany with Werder Bremen where he remained for four seasons, reaching one UEFA Cup final and scoring 63 competitive goals. He also spent several years in Turkey with Beşiktaş, netting 47 times in 109 total games.
<Earl_Ball>	Earl Wayne Ball (1885–1947) was a co-owner of the Muncie Flyers football team from 1917 until 1922, as well as a co-founder of the American Professional Football Association (renamed the National Football League in 1922).Earl first took over as the team's manager in 1917 and lined up some former college players, including Al Feeney of Notre Dame and Dick Abrel of Purdue. However, Ball was forced to cancel the 1918 season due to World War I.  In 1919, Ball and team quarterback, Cooney Checkaye reorganized the Flyers and guided them to a 4-1-1 record. The following year, Ball and Checkaye traveled to Canton, Ohio attended the organizational meeting of the American Professional Football Association located at Ralph Hay's Hupmobile dealership. The pair renamed their team, the Muncie Flyers, and the franchise  became a charter member of new the league.The Flyers lost their first scheduled league game, to the Rock Island Independents, 45-0. Because of the team's poor showing, the Decatur Staleys canceled their game against Muncie, scheduled for the following week.  Ball couldn't find any other APFA teams willing to play against a struggling team. Such a match-up would not draw many fans, or gate receipts. The Flyers only other scheduled game, against the Dayton Triangles in early November, was rained out. However, the Flyers did win three non-league games before the season ended.
<Julian_L._McPhillips>	Julian L. McPhillips, Jr. (born November 13, 1946, Birmingham, Alabama) is a U.S. lawyer and was a candidate for Attorney General of Alabama in 1978. In 2002, McPhillips lost out in the Democratic nomination to challenge first-term Republican incumbent Jeff Sessions for a U.S. Senate seat in Alabama.Julian McPhillips is the son of (died February 13, 2001) an Episcopalian priest, and Eleanor Elizabeth (née Dixon; died December 1, 2002). He was born in Birmingham, Alabama but raised in Cullman.His father served in the U.S. Navy during World War II. Julian was an All-American collegiate wrestler at Princeton, twice Eastern AAU heavyweight wrestling champion, and a finalist in the 1972 Olympic Tryouts.
<Digital_First_Media>	MNG Enterprises, Inc., doing business as Digital First Media and MediaNews Group, is a Denver, Colorado-based newspaper publisher owned by Alden Global Capital. The company has been growing its portfolio and as of May 2021, owns over 100 newspapers and 200 assorted other publications.With its acquisition of Tribune Publishing in late May 2021, Digital First Media became the second-largest owner of newspapers in the United States, as calculated by total number of subscribers. It is second to Gannett.
<Henry_Kautz>	Henry A. Kautz (born 1956) is a computer scientist, Founding Director of Institute for Data Science and Professor at University of Rochester. He is interested in knowledge representation, artificial intelligence, data science and pervasive computing.Kautz was born in 1956 in Youngstown, Ohio.Kautz entered the Case Institute of Technology in 1974, then a year later, transferred to Cornell University and got his B.A. in Englishand in mathematics in 1978 there. He wrote plays during a one-year fellowship creative writing program at Johns Hopkins University and got an M.A. by the Writing Seminars in 1980. As a foreign student supported by the Connaught Fellowship, he enrolled at University of Toronto in 1980. Kautz completed his master thesis A First-Order Dynamic Logic for Planning under the supervision of C. Raymond Perrault, and then received his M.S. in computer science in 1982. Before receiving his Ph.D. from University of Rochester in 1987 he was a teaching assistant for Patrick Hayes and a teaching assistant and research assistant for his thesis advisor James F. Allen. His PhD thesis was titled A Formal Theory of Plan Recognition (1987).
<New_York>	New York most commonly refers to:New York may also refer to:
<South_Korea_national_under-23_football_team>	The South Korea national under-23 football team (Korean: 대한민국 23세 이하 축구 국가대표팀; recognized as Korea Republic by FIFA, and Republic of Korea by IOC) represents South Korea at football in the Olympic Games and Asian Games. It was founded when the Olympic football was changed to an under-23 competition. It also can be managed as under-21 or under-22 team if necessary.Under the manager Hong Myung-bo, the South Korean under-23 team participated at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. In the group stage, South Korea qualified for the quarter-finals as runners-up of their group by beating Switzerland 2–1 and drawing with Mexico and Gabon in two goalless matches. In the quarter-finals, South Korea met the host Great Britain, formed for the first time in the Olympic football since 1960. South Korean forward Ji Dong-won scored the opening goal, but British midfielder Aaron Ramsey scored a penalty equaliser. Ramsey once again had a penalty chance four minutes after his penalty goal, but South Korea's over-aged goalkeeper Jung Sung-ryong blocked it this time. However, Jung was injured in a collision with Micah Richards in the middle of the second half, and was replaced by Lee Bum-young. Nevertheless, Lee did not concede a goal until the end of extra time, and made a save from the shot of Britain's fifth kicker Daniel Sturridge in the penalty shoot-out. South Korea beat Great Britain 5–4 on penalties and Lee was praised by finishing the game successfully, but the compliments turned to criticisms after the semi-finals. He conceded three goals against Brazil, failing to perform his role. After being eliminated by a 3–0 loss to Brazil, South Korea competed with their historical rival Japan for a bronze medal. Their over-aged striker Park Chu-young scored the opening goal with a solo effort against three Japanese defenders, and Koo Ja-cheol scored an additional goal, a decisive one for the victory. South Korea won their first-ever medal in Olympic football after defeating Japan 2–0, and the medalists were exempted from mandatory military service according to the laws of the country. They were called the "London Generation" in South Korea, and most of them played for the senior team in the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
<Super_Smash_Bros.>	Super Smash Bros. is a crossover fighting game series published by Nintendo. The series was created by Masahiro Sakurai, who has directed every game in the series. The series is known for its unique gameplay objective which differs from that of traditional fighters, in that the aim is to increase damage counters and knock opponents off the stage instead of depleting life bars.The original Super Smash Bros. was released in 1999 for the Nintendo 64. The series achieved even greater success with the release of Super Smash Bros. Melee, which was released in 2001 for the GameCube and became the best selling game on that system. A third installment, Super Smash Bros. Brawl, was released in 2008 for the Wii. Although HAL Laboratory had been the developer for the first two games, the third game was developed through the collaboration of several companies. The fourth installment, Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U, was released in 2014 for the Nintendo 3DS and Wii U, respectively. The 3DS installment was the first for a handheld platform. A fifth installment, Super Smash Bros. Ultimate, was released in 2018 for the Nintendo Switch.
<Funai>	Funai Electric Co., Ltd. (船井電機株式会社, Funai Denki Kabushiki Gaisha) is a Japanese consumer electronics company headquartered in Daitō, Osaka. Apart from producing its own branded electronic products, it is also an OEM providing assembled televisions and video players/recorders to major corporations such as Sharp, Toshiba, Denon, and others.[citation needed] Funai supplies inkjet printer hardware technology to Dell and Lexmark, and produces printers under the Kodak name.Its United States-based subsidiary Funai Corporation, Inc., based in Torrance, California, markets Funai products in the US, along with Funai-licensed brands including Philips, Magnavox, Emerson Radio, and Sanyo. Funai is the main supplier of electronics to Walmart and Sam's Club stores in the US,[citation needed] with production output in excess of 2 million flat-panel televisions during the summertime per year for Black Friday sale.Funai was founded by Tetsuro Funai, the son of a sewing machine manufacturer. During the 1950s before the company was formed, Funai produced sewing machines and was one of the first Japanese makers to enter the United States retail market. Then, the introduction of transistor technology had begun to change the face of the electronics market. The Funai company was formed, Tetsuro Funai became CEO for 47 years and a US dollar billionaire, and the first actual products produced were the transistor radios.
<Rafael_Edholm>	John Rafael Edholm (born 8 May 1966) is a Swedish actor, film director, screenwriter and model. In the SVT series The spiral which was broadcast in 2012, Edholm played the police Gunnarson, where one of his opponents was Tuva Novotny.He was married to Görel Crona 1997–2006 (with one son, Gabriel) and after that married Daga Lamy until the spring of 2011.
<Dundee_F.C.>	Dundee Football Club is a professional football club based in the city of Dundee, Scotland, founded in 1893. The team are nicknamed "The Dark Blues" or "The Dee". The club plays its home matches at Dens Park.The club was formed after a merger between clubs Dundee East End and Dundee Our Boys in order to apply for the SFL. Within a decade they had become a major force in Scottish football, finishing as league runners-up three times in the 1900s, and finished the decade as Scottish Cup winners in 1910. They remained a major side in Scottish football before a decline in the 1930s. After the return to football in the aftermath of the Second World War, the club experienced a revival in the late 1940s and 1950s under George Anderson with another runners-up finish and consecutive Scottish League Cup wins in 1952 and 1953.
<Louis_Cheung>	Louis Cheung (Chinese: 張繼聰; born 11 January 1980) is a Hong Kong singer, songwriter, and actor. He is an alumnus of The Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts, majoring in acting. His first play was in 1997, and he has performed in a total of more than 20 stage plays, including the classic "A Streetcar Named Desire", in which he played Stanley Kowalski.In 1984, Cheung started acting in front of the camera, including a well-known ad for Nestle instant milk's "The dairy cows raised at 15th floor". He has taken part in more than 100 TV shows, movies and ads.
<Sealed_Verdict>	Sealed Verdict is a 1948 American adventure drama war film directed by Lewis Allen and starring Ray Milland and Florence Marly.Maj. Robert Lawson (Ray Milland), a lawyer working in Germany as part of the American Army's tribunal for prosecuting Nazi war criminals, successfully convicts Gen. Otto Steigmann (John Hoyt) of war crimes. Defense witness Themis DeLisle (Florence Marly), whose French Resistance father's life was saved by Steigmann, insists the German officer is innocent. Despite pressure from his superiors, Lawson decides to reopen his investigation, uncovering evidence that may clear Steigmann.
<Roy_Innis>	Roy Emile Alfredo Innis (June 6, 1934 – January 8, 2017) was an American activist and politician. He was National Chairman of the Congress of Racial Equality (CORE) from 1968 until his death.One of his sons, Niger Roy Innis, serves as National Spokesman of the Congress of Racial Equality.Innis was born in Saint Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands in 1934. In 1947, Innis moved with his mother from the U.S. Virgin Islands to New York City, where he graduated from Stuyvesant High School in 1952. At age 16, Innis joined the U.S. Army, and at age 18 he received an honorable discharge. He entered a four-year program in chemistry at the City College of New York. He subsequently held positions as a research chemist at Vick Chemical Company and Montefiore Hospital.
<Bruno_Rossi>	Bruno Benedetto Rossi (/ˈrɒsi/; Italian: [ˈrossi]; 13 April 1905 – 21 November 1993) was an Italian experimental physicist.  He made major contributions to particle physics and the study of cosmic rays. A 1927 graduate of the University of Bologna, he became interested in cosmic rays. To study them, he invented an improved electronic coincidence circuit, and travelled to Eritrea to conduct experiments that showed that cosmic ray intensity from the West was significantly larger than that from the East.Forced to emigrate in October 1938 due to the Italian racial laws, Rossi moved to Denmark, where he worked with Niels Bohr. He then moved to Britain, where he worked with Patrick Blackett at the University of Manchester. Finally he went to the United States, where he worked with Enrico Fermi at the University of Chicago, and later at Cornell University. Rossi stayed in the United States, and became an American Citizen.
<Kensington>	Kensington is a district in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea in the West of Central London.The district's commercial heart is Kensington High Street, running on an east–west axis. The north-east is taken up by Kensington Gardens, containing the Albert Memorial, the Serpentine Gallery and Speke's monument. South Kensington and Gloucester Road are home to Imperial College London, the Royal College of Music, the Royal Albert Hall, Natural History Museum, Victoria and Albert Museum, and Science Museum. The area is also home to many embassies and consulates.
<Kevin_Hagen>	Kevin Hagen (April 3, 1928 – July 9, 2005) was an American actor best known for his role as Dr. Hiram Baker on NBC's Little House on the Prairie.Hagen was born in Chicago, Illinois, to professional ballroom dancers, Haakon Olaf Hagen and Marvel Lucile Wadsworth. After his father deserted the family, Hagen was raised by his mother, grandmother, and aunts. As a 15-year-old, he relocated to Portland, Oregon, where one of his aunts had taken a teaching job. 
<Reşat_Nuri_Güntekin>	Reşat Nuri Güntekin (Turkish pronunciation: [ɾeˈʃat nuːˈɾi ɟynteˈcin]) (25 November 1889 – 7 December 1956) was a Turkish novelist, storywriter, and playwright. His best known novel, Çalıkuşu ("The Wren", 1922) is about the destiny of a young Turkish female teacher in Anatolia. This work is translated into Persian by Seyyed Borhan Ghandili. His other significant novels include Dudaktan Kalbe ("From the Lips to the Heart", 1925), and Yaprak Dökümü ("The Fall of Leaves", 1930). Many of his novels have been adapted to cinema and television. Because he visited Anatolia with his duty as an inspector, he knew Anatolian people closely. In his works he dealt with life and social problems in Anatolia; reflects people in the human-environment relationship.His father was a medical doctor Doktor Nuri Bey. Reşat Nuri attended primary school in Çanakkale, the Çanakkale Secondary School and the İzmir School of Freres. He graduated from Istanbul University, Faculty of Literature in 1912. He worked as a teacher and administrator at high schools in Bursa and Istanbul, he taught literature, French and philosophy; then he worked as an inspector at the Ministry of National Education (1931). He served as the deputy of Çanakkale between 1933 and 1943 in the Turkish Parliament, the chief inspector at the Ministry of National Education (1947), and a cultural attaché to Paris (1950), when he was also the Turkish representative to UNESCO.After his retirement, he served at the literary board of the Istanbul Municipal Theatres. Reşat Nuri Güntekin died in London, where he had gone to be treated for his lung cancer. He is buried at the Karacaahmet Cemetery in Istanbul.
<T-Bone_Walker>	Aaron Thibeaux "T-Bone" Walker (May 28, 1910 – March 16, 1975) was an American blues musician, composer, songwriter and bandleader, who was a pioneer and innovator of the jump blues, West Coast blues, and electric blues sounds. In 2018  Rolling Stone magazine ranked him number 67 on its list of "The 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time".Aaron Thibeaux Walker was born in Linden, Texas, of African-American and Cherokee descent. His parents, Movelia Jimerson and Rance Walker, were both musicians. His stepfather, Marco Washington (a member of the Dallas String Band), taught him to play the guitar, ukulele, banjo, violin, mandolin, and piano.Walker began his career as a teenager in Dallas in the 1920s. His mother and stepfather were musicians, and Blind Lemon Jefferson, a family friend, sometimes came over for dinner. Walker left school at the age of 10, and by 15 he was a professional performer on the blues circuit. Initially, he was Jefferson's protégé and would guide him around town for his gigs. In 1929, Walker made his recording debut with Columbia Records, billed as Oak Cliff T-Bone, releasing the single "Wichita Falls Blues" backed with "Trinity River Blues". Oak Cliff is the community in which he lived at the time, and T-Bone is a corruption of his middle name. The pianist Douglas Fernell played accompaniment on the record.
<International_Cosmos_Prize>	The International Cosmos Prize was established in 1993, commemorating Expo '90 in Osaka, Japan. The objective of the prize was to develop the basic concept of Expo 90, "The Harmonious Coexistence between Nature and Mankind" and is awarded annually by the Commemorative Foundation for the International Garden and Greenery Exposition, Osaka, Japan, 1990 (Expo '90 Foundation).The prize, which may be awarded to an individual or team, consists of a commendation, a medallion and a monetary reward, currently 40 million yen. It is awarded during a ceremony held in each autumn, at which the individual or team delivers a commemorative lecture and takes part in a symposium held in their honor.The name of the prize, "Cosmos," refers to the Cosmos flower that bloomed during the Expo and the ancient Greek word kosmos meaning "universe in harmony." The prize was first awarded in 1993, to the then Director of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, Sir Ghillean Prance.
<Amara_(singer)>	Tuwuh Adijatitesih Amaranggana (born 8 July 1975) is an Indonesian actress, model, and singer better known as Amara or Mara.Amara was born in Jakarta, on 8 July 1975. She was a teenager in 1989, when she started her career as a model for the Indonesian fashion magazine Covergirl. he had plunged into an advertisement model in several advertisements and video clip models for several musicians. Her mother, Itje Komar, works as a producer for a recording studio called "Bintang Gemilang Jaya Sakti" in Jakarta.In 1996 she founded with Arie Widiawan, and her future husband Frans Mohede, the vocal trio, Lingua. An Indonesian musical group of country pop. Despite the great success that their group has obtained in Indonesia, the group ends in oblivion in the early 2000s. It has been said repeatedly that their decline was cause as a result of the Asian financial crisis.
<Hans_Zimmer>	Hans Florian Zimmer (German pronunciation: [ˈhans ˈfloːʁi̯aːn ˈtsɪmɐ] (listen); born 12 September 1957) is a German film score composer and music producer. He has won two Oscars and four Grammys, and has been nominated for two Emmys and a Tony. Zimmer was also named on the list of Top 100 Living Geniuses, published by The Daily Telegraph.His works are notable for integrating electronic music sounds with traditional orchestral arrangements. Since the 1980s, Zimmer has composed music for over 150 films. His works include The Lion King (for which he won the Academy Award for Best Original Score in 1995), Gladiator, The Last Samurai, the Pirates of the Caribbean series, The Dark Knight trilogy, Inception, Interstellar and Dunkirk. He won a second Academy Award for Dune in 2022.
<Conor_Wilkinson>	Conor Dominic Geoffrey Wilkinson (born 23 January 1995) is an English-born Irish footballer who plays as a striker for Walsall.
<Shirley_Ann_Russell>	Shirley Ann Russell (11 March 1935 – 4 March 2002) was a British costume designer, who was nominated for Academy Awards for her designs on Agatha (1979) and Reds (1981).Russell studied Fashion at Walthamstow College of Art, and she later attended the Royal College of Art. She ran her own firm of film costumiers, called The Last Picture Frock, particularly specialising in 1930s and 1940s clothing. The firm was sold to the costumier Angels in the 1970s. Her interest in historic costume began when she assisted Doris Langley Moore, the founder of the Bath Costume Museum.
<Bernard_Williams>	Sir Bernard Arthur Owen Williams, FBA (21 September 1929 – 10 June 2003) was an English moral philosopher. His publications include Problems of the Self (1973), Ethics and the Limits of Philosophy (1985), Shame and Necessity (1993), and Truth and Truthfulness (2002). He was knighted in 1999.As Knightbridge Professor of Philosophy at the University of Cambridge and Deutsch Professor of Philosophy at the University of California, Berkeley, Williams became known for his efforts to reorient the study of moral philosophy to psychology, history, and in particular to the Greeks. Described by Colin McGinn as an "analytical philosopher with the soul of a general humanist," he was sceptical about attempts to create a foundation for moral philosophy. Martha Nussbaum wrote that he demanded of philosophy that it "come to terms with, and contain, the difficulty and complexity of human life."
<Mochtar_Riady>	Mochtar Riady, (Chinese: 李文正; born 12 May 1929) also known as Lie Mon Tie, is an Indonesian financial magnate and the founder and chairman emeritus of Lippo Group. He was born in Malang to a Chinese Indonesian family. At five months old, his parents took him to his father's ancestral village in Fujian where he lived until he was six years old.Riady's father was a batik trader named Liapi (1888-1959), while his mother was named Sibelau (1889-1939). Both of his parents migrated from Fujian and arrived in Malang in 1918.
<Otto_Hittmair>	Wilhelm Exner Medal (1980)Erwin Schrödinger Prize (1974)Joseph Johann Ritter von Prechtl Medal from the Vienna University of TechnologyOtto Hittmair (1924–2003) was an Austrian theoretical physicist who made contributions to quantum mechanics, superconductivity and unified field theory. From 1987 to 1991 he was President of the Austrian Academy of Sciences.Otto Hittmair was born in Innsbruck (Tyrol) on March 16, 1924.  He graduated with distinction from the University of Innsbruck in 1942.  He worked with Erwin Schrödinger at the Dublin Institute for Advanced Studies in the late 1940s and together with him, published work on a unified field theory. He worked abroad at the Institut Henri Poincaré, the University of Sydney, and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in Cambridge where he was a Fulbright scholar.
<Josiah_Willard_Gibbs>	Josiah Willard Gibbs (/ɡɪbz/; February 11, 1839 – April 28, 1903) was an American scientist who made significant theoretical contributions to physics, chemistry, and mathematics. His work on the applications of thermodynamics was instrumental in transforming physical chemistry into a rigorous inductive science. Together with James Clerk Maxwell and Ludwig Boltzmann, he created statistical mechanics (a term that he coined), explaining the laws of thermodynamics as consequences of the statistical properties of ensembles of the possible states of a physical system composed of many particles. Gibbs also worked on the application of Maxwell's equations to problems in physical optics.  As a mathematician, he invented modern vector calculus (independently of the British scientist Oliver Heaviside, who carried out similar work during the same period).
<José_María_Fernández_Unsáin>	José María Fernández Unsáin (10 August 1918 – 18 June 1997) was an Argentine film director, screenwriter, and playwright.Although he studied medicine, Fernández Unsain chose literature as his career.He was exiled to Mexico after the 1955 Revolución Libertadora, because of his cultural relationship with Eva Perón and The National Theatre or Comedy, Cervantes National Theatre (first director), and the Labour Worker Theatre of the General Confederation of Workers (CGT) (founder with others artists and directors).
<Friedrich_Bürklein>	Georg Friedrich Christian Bürklein (30 March 1813 – 4 December 1872) was a German architect and a pupil of Friedrich von Gärtner.He was born in Burk, Middle Franconia. His first important work was the construction of the town hall in Fürth (1840–50) which is influenced by the Palazzo Vecchio in Florence.Bürklein created also the Hauptbahnhof in Munich (1847–1849) with its steel construction and the stations of Augsburg, Bamberg, Ansbach, Neu-Ulm, Hof, Nördlingen, Rosenheim, Würzburg, Nuremberg and Bad Kissingen.
<Stephen_Maher_(footballer)>	Stephen Maher (born 3 March 1988) is an Irish footballer and coach.Maher spent time at Home Farm, Cherry Orchard, Shelbourne and Dublin City, where he first tasted the League of Ireland experience, featuring a number of times on the bench towards the end of the season as they eventually secured promotion from the First Division. Having had the opportunity to stay on for the Premier Division campaign, Maher had trials at Portsmouth and Reading.
<Cornel_Wilde>	Cornel Wilde (born Kornél Lajos Weisz; October 13, 1912 – October 16, 1989) was a Hungarian-American actor and filmmaker.Wilde's acting career began in 1935, when he made his debut on Broadway. In 1936 he began making small, uncredited appearances in films. By the 1940s he had signed a contract with 20th Century Fox, and by the mid-1940s he was a major leading man. He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance in 1945's A Song to Remember. In the 1950s he moved to writing, producing and directing films, and still continued his career as an actor. He also went into songwriting during his career.
<A_Guy_Called_Gerald>	Gerald Rydel Simpson (born 16 February 1967), better known as A Guy Called Gerald, is a British record producer and musician. He was an early member of the electronic group 808 State, contributing to their debut LP Newbuild (1988) and hit single "Pacific State" (1989). He also achieved solo success with his 1988 hit single "Voodoo Ray", which became a touchstone of Manchester's acid house scene and reached No. 12 in the UK charts. He embraced breakbeat production in the 1990s, with his 1995 album Black Secret Technology becoming a "much-touted candidate for 'best jungle album ever.'" He also ran the London-based independent record label Juice Box Records from 1991 to 1998.Simpson was influenced by his Jamaican roots; his father's blue beat, ska and Trojan reggae record collection, his mother's Pentecostal church sessions and the Jamaican sound system parties in Manchester's Moss Side area where he grew up.
<Sharman_Macdonald>	Sharman Macdonald (born 8 February 1951) is a Scottish playwright, screenwriter, and actress.Macdonald was born in Glasgow, the daughter of Janet Rewat (née Williams) and Joseph Henry Hosgood MacDonald. She has Scottish and Welsh ancestry. Macdonald was educated at the University of Edinburgh, from which she graduated in 1972.  She credits fellow Scot Ian Charleson with supporting and encouraging her to follow her theatrical aspirations, and she later contributed a chapter to the 1990 book, For Ian Charleson: A Tribute. Macdonald moved to London after university, and worked as an actress with the 7:84 Theatre Company and at the Royal Court Theatre. Although her acting career included 7 years of television work, she eventually left it, due in large part to stage fright.
<Brief_Interviews_with_Hideous_Men>	Brief Interviews with Hideous Men is a short story collection by the late American writer David Foster Wallace, first published in 1999 by Little, Brown. According to the papers in the David Foster Wallace Archive at the Harry Ransom Center, University of Texas at Austin, the book had an estimated gross sales of 28,000 hardcover copies during the first year of its publication.The 23 metafictional pieces in the collection are "difficult to categorise, roaming wilfully across the boundaries of genres and inventing new ones", which one story ("Octet") appears to "self-mockingly acknowledge".Four of the stories are titled "Brief Interviews with Hideous Men" and consist of numbered sections of varying length presented as transcripts of interviews with male subjects. The interviewer's questions are omitted from the transcripts, rendered merely as "Q". The collection is characterized by dark humor, alienation and irony. 
<Robert_Langlands>	Robert Phelan Langlands, CC FRS FRSC (/ˈlæŋləndz/; born October 6, 1936) is a Canadian  mathematician. He is best known as the founder of the Langlands program, a vast web of conjectures and results connecting representation theory and automorphic forms to the study of Galois groups in number theory, for which he received the 2018 Abel Prize. He was an emeritus professor and occupied Albert Einstein's office at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, until 2020 when he retired.Langlands was born in New Westminster, British Columbia, Canada, in 1936 to Robert Langlands and Kathleen J Phelan. He has two younger sisters (Mary  b 1938; Sally b 1941). In 1945, his family moved to White Rock, near the US border, where his parents had a building supply and construction business.
<Helmut_Käutner>	Helmut Käutner (25 March 1908 – 20 April 1980) was a German film director active mainly in the 1940s and 1950s. He entered the film industry at the end of the Weimar Republic and released his first films as a director in Nazi Germany. Käutner is relatively unknown outside of Germany, although he is considered one of the best filmmakers in German film history. He was one of the most influential film directors of German post-war cinema and became known for his sophisticated literary adaptations.He was born in Düsseldorf, Germany. Käutner started out as a director in the Nazi era, but his films remained largely free of Nationalsocialist propaganda. One of his early successes was Romanze in Moll (1943), an adaptation of Guy du Maupassant’s short story “Les Bijoux". Other remarkable films were Große Freiheit Nr. 7 and Under the Bridges.His 1956 film Der Hauptmann von Köpenick was nominated for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 29th Academy Awards. Three years later, his film The Rest Is Silence was entered into the 9th Berlin International Film Festival. He died in Castellina in Chianti, Italy. Käutner made two films for Universal Pictures in Hollywood: The Restless Years (1958) and A Stranger in My Arms (1959). However, neither of them received critical success and Käutner was unhappy with the lack of creative freedom he had, so he returned to Germany.
<Little_Rock,_Arkansas>	Little Rock is the capital and most populous city of the U.S. state of Arkansas. The city's population was 202,591 in 2020, according to the United States Census Bureau. As the county seat of Pulaski County, the city was incorporated on November 7, 1831, on the south bank of the Arkansas River close to the state's geographic center. The city derived its name from a rock formation along the river, named the "Little Rock" (French: Le Petit Rocher) by the French explorer Jean-Baptiste Bénard de la Harpe in 1722. The capital of the Arkansas Territory was moved to Little Rock from Arkansas Post in 1821.  The six-county Little Rock–North Little Rock–Conway, AR Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) is ranked 81st in terms of population in the United States with 748,031 residents according to the 2020 estimate by the United States Census Bureau.Little Rock is a cultural, economic, government, and transportation center within Arkansas and the South. Several cultural institutions are in Little Rock, such as the Arkansas Museum of Fine Arts, the Arkansas Repertory Theatre, the Arkansas Symphony Orchestra, and the Mosaic Templars Cultural Center, in addition to hiking, boating, and other outdoor recreational opportunities. Little Rock's history is available through history museums, historic districts or neighborhoods of Little Rock like the Quapaw Quarter, and historic sites such as Little Rock Central High School. The city is the headquarters of Dillard's, Windstream Communications, Stephens Inc., University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences, Heifer International, Winrock International, the Clinton Foundation, and the Rose Law Firm. Other corporations, such as Amazon, Dassault Falcon Jet, LM Wind Power, Simmons Bank, Euronet Worldwide, AT&T, and Entergy have large operations in the city. The state government is a large employer, with many offices downtown. Two major Interstate highways, Interstate 30 and Interstate 40, meet in Little Rock, with the Port of Little Rock serving as a shipping hub.
<EA_Bright_Light>	EA Bright Light (formerly known as EA UK) was a British video game developer founded in 1995 by Electronic Arts. The studio was primarily known for its work on licensed franchises such as the video game adaptation of the Harry Potter series. As of 2019, a subsidiary known as EA UK exists, albeit being a publishing operation.EA UK was founded in Chertsey, England, United Kingdom in 1995 by Electronic Arts. In 2001, Bullfrog Productions was merged into EA UK, making it to inherit franchises such as Populous, Dungeon Keeper, Syndicate, and Theme Park.Originally focusing on developing original IPs, the studio released several well-received titles such as Zubo, the first EA title exclusive to Nintendo DS, in 2008. However, the title was a commercial failure, forcing the company to amend its policy and shift to develop casual games and games that were aiming for younger audience. In later years, they also worked on licensed franchises, such as the video game adaptation of the Harry Potter series, which generally received mixed reviews from critics. The company also worked on few Hasbro-related board game adaptations, such as Hasbro Family Game Night, which was released in 2008.
<Danny_Chan_Kwok-kwan>	Danny Chan Kwok-kwan (born 1 August 1975) is a Hong Kong actor, martial artist, dance choreographer, and lead singer of the rock band Poet. He is known for resembling Bruce Lee in appearance and has portrayed Lee in the 2008 television series The Legend of Bruce Lee, the 2015 film Ip Man 3, and its 2019 sequel, Ip Man 4. Chan is also a practitioner of Jeet Kune Do, the martial art created by Bruce Lee.Chan started his career as the lead singer of the rock band Poet. He also played minor roles in several Hong Kong films.
<Harry_Myers>	Harry C. Myers (September 5, 1882 – December 25, 1938) was an American film actor and director, sometimes credited as Henry Myers. He performed in many short comedy films with his wife Rosemary Theby. Myers appeared in 330 films between 1908 and 1938, and directed more than 50 films between 1913 and 1917.He was born in New Haven, Connecticut, on September 5, 1882. When he was young, Myers moved to Philadelphia, where he received most of his education. He studied drawing and design at the Philadelphia Art School for three years. Turning from art to drama, he acted for two years with the Girard Avenue Stock Company and with other troupes in subsequent years.
<IBM>	The International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) is an American multinational technology corporation headquartered in Armonk, New York, with operations in over 171 countries. The company began in 1911, founded in Endicott, New York, by trust businessman Charles Ranlett Flint, as the Computing-Tabulating-Recording Company (CTR) and was renamed "International Business Machines" in 1924. IBM is incorporated in New York.IBM produces and sells computer hardware, middleware and software, and provides hosting and consulting services in areas ranging from mainframe computers to nanotechnology. IBM is also a major research organization, holding the record for most annual U.S. patents generated by a business (as of 2021[update]) for 29 consecutive years.
<Ben_Feringa>	Bernard Lucas Feringa (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈbɛrnɑrt ˈlykɑz ˈbɛɱ ˈfeːrɪŋɣaː], born 18 May 1951) is a Dutch synthetic organic chemist, specializing in molecular nanotechnology and homogeneous catalysis. He is the Jacobus van 't Hoff Distinguished Professor of Molecular Sciences, at the Stratingh Institute for Chemistry, University of Groningen, Netherlands, and an Academy Professor of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences. He was awarded the 2016 Nobel Prize in Chemistry, together with Sir J. Fraser Stoddart and  Jean-Pierre Sauvage, "for the design and synthesis of molecular machines".Feringa was born as the son of farmer Geert Feringa (1918–1993) and his wife Lies Feringa née Hake (1924–2013). Feringa was the second of ten siblings in a Catholic family. He spent his youth on the family's farm, which is directly on the border with Germany, in Barger-Compascuum in the Bourtange moor. He is of Dutch and German descent. Among his ancestors is the settler Johann Gerhard Bekel. Together with his wife Betty Feringa, he has three daughters. He lives in Paterswolde near Groningen.
<Albert_Einstein_Medal>	The Albert Einstein Medal is an award presented by the Albert Einstein Society in Bern. First given in 1979, the award is presented to people for "scientific findings, works, or publications related to Albert Einstein" each year.Source: Einstein Society
<Chris_Baird>	Christopher Patrick Baird (born 25 February 1982) is a Northern Irish former professional footballer who last played for Derby County and represented the Northern Ireland national football team from 2003 to 2016. His preferred position was right-back or centre-half, but he also played on occasion as a left-back, defensive midfielder and central midfielder. In addition to his three-year stint at Derby County, Baird previously played for Southampton, Fulham, Reading, Burnley and West Bromwich Albion.Baird started his career at Northern Irish club, Ballymena United, before moving to Southampton in 1998. Baird went on to make his progress through the Southampton's Academy and in 2001, Baird signed his first professional contract with the club, keeping him until 2002.
<Joseph_Keller>	Joseph Bishop Keller (July 31, 1923 – September 7, 2016) was an American mathematician who specialized in applied mathematics. He was best known for his work on the "geometrical theory of diffraction" (GTD).Born in Paterson, New Jersey on July 31, 1923, Keller attended Eastside High School, where he was a member of the math team. After earning his undergraduate degree in 1943 at New York University, Keller obtained his PhD in 1948 from NYU under the supervision of Richard Courant.  He was a Professor of Mathematics in the Courant Institute at New York University until 1979. Then he was Professor of Mathematics and Mechanical Engineering at Stanford University until 1993, when he became Professor Emeritus.Keller worked on the application of mathematics to problems in science and engineering, such as wave propagation.  He contributed to the Einstein–Brillouin–Keller method for computing eigenvalues in quantum mechanical systems.
<Yuan_Chang>	Yuan Chang (simplified Chinese: 张远; traditional Chinese: 張遠; pinyin: Zhāng Yuǎn; born 17 November 1959) is a Taiwanese-American virologist and pathologist who co-discovered together with her husband, Patrick S. Moore, the Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus (KSHV) and Merkel cell polyomavirus, two of the seven known human oncoviruses.Chang was born in Taiwan and moved to the United States as a young child. She was raised in Salt Lake City, Utah and received an MD from the University of Utah College of Medicine. Chang trained in neuropathology at Stanford University under the noted clinical neuropathologist, Dikran Horoupian, publishing studies on eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome and progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy. During this period she contributed to studies led by her friend, Julie Parsonnet, showing that Helicobacter pylori is a cause for gastric cancer.Chang moved to Columbia University to pursue her first academic appointment as a clinician-scientist. Although initially interested in using representational difference analysis to study the genetic origins of brain tumors, she applied this technique to Kaposi's sarcoma resulting in the discovery of this new human tumor virus. In 1994, she co-discovered KSHV, also called human herpesvirus-8 (HHV-8), working with her husband Patrick S. Moore at Columbia University. Chang, Moore and collaborators subsequently showed that this virus was the etiologic agent of Kaposi's sarcoma and primary effusion lymphoma, while others showed it to be the cause of some forms of multicentric Castleman's disease. From two small DNA fragments representing less than 1% of the viral genome, she cloned the entire KSHV 165 kbase genome and fully sequenced the virus genome within two years after its initial discovery. This led to blood tests to detect infection for this virus, discovery of viral proteins likely to cause cancer and elucidation of the role of immune evasion in carcinogenesis caused by virus infection.
<Arnold_Nordsieck>	Arnold Theodore Nordsieck (January 5, 1911 – January 18, 1971) was an American theoretical physicist. He is best known for his work with Felix Bloch on the infrared problem in quantum electrodynamics. He developed the inertial electrostatic gyroscope (ESG) used as part of the inertial navigation system of nuclear submarines that allows them to remain underwater without having to surface to ascertain their location.Arnold Theodore Nordsieck was born in Marysville, Ohio, on January 5, 1911. He entered Ohio State University, where he earned a M.S. degree in physics in 1932. He then went to the University of California, Berkeley, where he wrote his 1935 doctoral dissertation under the supervision of Robert Oppenheimer on the "Scattering of Radiation by an Electric Field".
<Erwin_Data_Modeler>	erwin Data Modeler (stylized as erwin but formerly as ERwin) is computer software for data modeling. Originally developed by Logic Works, erwin has since been acquired by a series of companies, before being spun-off by the private equity firm Parallax Capital Partners, which acquired and incorporated it as a separate entity, erwin, Inc., managed by CEO Adam Famularo.The software’s engine is based on the IDEF1X method, although it now also supports diagrams displayed with a variant information technology engineering notation, as well as a dimensional modeling notation.ERwin was created by Logic Works, which was based in Princeton, New Jersey. In May 1993, Logic Works released ERwin/ERX, a version of the tool designed to work in conjunction with PowerBuilder. The database models created using ERwin could be translated into software built through the PowerBuilder integrated development environment (IDE). In May 1995, Logic Works ERwin was expanded to include several other IDEs, adding SQLWindows from Gupta Technologies and Visual Basic from Microsoft. As of 1996, ERwin was among several data modeling software solutions being used to facilitate a wide move to the client–server model in database management.
<Cowes_railway_station>	Cowes railway station was a railway station in Cowes on the Isle of Wight, off the south coast of England. It took pride in being the "prettiest station on the Garden Isle".Opened in 1862, the very first on the island, as part of the inaugural "Cowes and Newport" railway, it expanded to three platforms as the railway branched out towards Ryde in the years before the motor bus began to diminish trade. In its time prosperous enough to have a WH Smith bookstall, its  latter years were considerably leaner as more and more people took their holidays abroad. The station has long since been demolished and today the area is a supermarket and municipal car park.
<Paddy_McCourt>	Patrick James McCourt (born 16 December 1983) is a Northern Irish former footballer who played as a winger.He started his professional career with Third Division club Rochdale in 2001 before moving to League of Ireland club Shamrock Rovers in 2005. Later that year he moved to his hometown club, Derry City, where he won the League of Ireland Cup three times in 2005, 2006 and 2007, and the FAI Cup in 2006. At Derry, he gained the nickname "The Derry Pelé" for his skilful play. In 2008 he signed for Scottish Premier League club Celtic; the club he supported as a boy. In a five-season spell there, he won the Scottish Cup in 2011 and 2013 and the SPL title in 2011–12 and 2012–13. Despite being a fan favourite at the club, he failed to gain a regular first-team place and was released in June 2013. 
<Buriram_United_F.C.>	Buriram United Football Club (Thai: สโมสรฟุตบอลบุรีรัมย์ ยูไนเต็ด) is a professional football club based in Buriram, Thailand. The club has played at the top level of Thai football for the majority of their existence and is competing in the Thai League 1. The club was founded in 1970 as PEA FC (Provincial Electricity Authority Football Club) before being reformed as Buriram PEA and Buriram United in 2010 and 2012 respectively. Their home stadium is Chang Arena, which has a capacity of 32,600.Buriram United won their first Thai League 1 title in 2008 and the Kor Royal Cup in 1998, as PEA FC. The club was previously based in Ayutthaya before moving east to Buriram for the 2010 season. In the 2011 season, Buriram PEA were the first team in Thai football history to win all the domestic trophies, as the triple champions of the (2011 Thai Premier League, 2011 Thai FA Cup, and 2011 Thai League Cup).
<Ruslan_Fomin>	Ruslan Fomin (Ukrainian: Руслан Миколайович Фомін; born 2 March 1986) is a Ukrainian retired footballer who played as a striker.He was loaned to Metalist Kharkiv in 2007. Fomin was also a member of the Ukraine national under-21 football team, as well as a former member of the under-18 and under-19 national football teams.
<Jean_Lodge>	Jean Margaret Lodge (born 4 August 1927) is an English stage, film and television actress.In 1952 she appeared alongside Claude Hulbert in the West End in Constance Cox's Lord Arthur Savile's Crime. In 1954 she starred in William Douglas Home's The Manor of Northstead.
<Providence,_Rhode_Island>	Providence is the capital and most populous city of the U.S. state of Rhode Island. One of the oldest cities in New England, it was founded in 1636 by Roger Williams, a Reformed Baptist theologian and religious exile from the Massachusetts Bay Colony. He named the area in honor of "God's merciful Providence" which he believed was responsible for revealing such a haven for him and his followers. The city developed as a busy port as it is situated at the mouth of the Providence River in Providence County, at the head of Narragansett Bay.Providence was one of the first cities in the country to industrialize and became noted for its textile manufacturing and subsequent machine tool, jewelry, and silverware industries. Today, the city of Providence is home to eight hospitals and eight institutions of higher learning which have shifted the city's economy into service industries, though it still retains some manufacturing activity.
<Margaret_Morgan_Lawrence>	Margaret Cornelia Morgan Lawrence (August 19, 1914 – December 4, 2019) was an American psychiatrist and psychoanalyst, gaining those qualifications in 1948. Her work included clinical care, teaching, and research, particularly into the presence and development of ego strength in inner-city families. Lawrence studied young children identified as "strong" by their teachers in Georgia and Mississippi, as well as on sabbatical in Africa in 1973, writing two books on mental health of children and inner-city families. Lawrence was chief of the Developmental Psychiatry Service for Infants and Children (and their families) at Harlem Hospital for 21 years, as well as associate clinical professor of psychiatry at Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons (P&S), retiring in 1984.Lawrence grew up an only living child of Mary Elizabeth (Smith) Morgan, a schoolteacher, and the Reverend Sandy Alonzo Morgan, an Episcopal minister. They lived in Richmond, Virginia but traveled to New York City for Lawrence's birth, as their first child had died in the local segregated hospital. Lawrence said, "In childhood and through adolescence I said I wanted to become a doctor because of the death of my only sibling, a brother, at eleven months, and two years before I was born. Someone like me could have saved him." After Lawrence's birth, the family returned to Virginia, then moved to heavily segregated Vicksburg, Mississippi.
<Boulder,_Colorado>	Boulder is a home rule city that is the county seat and most populous municipality of Boulder County, Colorado, United States. The city population was 108,250 at the 2020 United States census, making it the 12th most populous city in Colorado. Boulder is the principal city of the Boulder, CO Metropolitan Statistical Area and an important part of the Front Range Urban Corridor.Boulder is located at the base of the foothills of the Rocky Mountains, at an elevation of 5,430 feet (1,655 m) above sea level. Boulder is 25 miles (40 km) northwest of the Colorado state capital of Denver. It is home of the main campus of the University of Colorado, the state's largest university.On November 7, 1861, the Colorado General Assembly passed legislation to locate the University of Colorado in Boulder. On September 20, 1875, the first cornerstone was laid for the first building (Old Main) on the CU campus. The university officially opened on September 5, 1877.
<Eduardo_Paes>	Eduardo da Costa Paes (Brazilian Portuguese: [eˈdwaʁdu dɐ ˈkɔstɐ pɐjs], born 14 November 1969) is a Brazilian politician who was the mayor of the city of Rio de Janeiro from 2009 to 2012, re-elected for a second term from 2013 to 2016 and returning elected again in 2021. He is currently the 13th mayor of Rio de Janeiro. On 12 August 2012, at the 2012 Summer Olympics closing ceremony, Paes received the Olympic Flag, via Jacques Rogge, from London Mayor Boris Johnson.Paes was a noted trenchant critic of the Lula administration, particularly during the Mensalão scandal in 2005 over alleged payments to congressmen for votes. When it came to his administration as Rio de Janeiro's mayor, scandals continued to occur.
<Old_Roosevelt_Bridge>	The Old Roosevelt Bridge (also called the St. Lucie River Bridge) is a bascule bridge that carries the old Dixie Highway (County Road 707) across the St. Lucie River in Stuart, Florida. It used to have twin parallel bascule drawbridges - one for northbound traffic (opened in 1934), and the other southbound (opened in 1964) - before the new Roosevelt Bridge (US 1) was built. When the new bridge was completed in 1996 the northbound span of the bridge was torn down, leaving the southbound span which now carries traffic in both directions. This bridge was enacted by Roosevelt's New Deal.Although the rest of the old Dixie Highway adjacent to the bridge has been given to the city of Stuart, the Florida Department of Transportation continues to maintain the bridge as unsigned State Road 707.[citation needed]This article about a bridge in Florida is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Héctor_Font>	Héctor Font Romero (born 15 June 1984) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder.He played 274 professional league matches in his career, split nearly exactly between La Liga and Segunda División, representing Villarreal, Osasuna and Valladolid in the former competition and seven teams in the latter.Born in Villarreal, Castellón, Valencian Community, Font started his career with hometown's Villarreal CF and appeared for the first team in the last two La Liga games in 2002–03, against RCD Espanyol and Real Betis. He spent the following season in the second division, on loan to Ciudad de Murcia.
<Peter_Jones_(Australian_politician)>	Peter Vernon Jones AM (28 January 1933 – 16 January 2017) was an Australian politician who served as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1974 to 1986, representing the seat of Narrogin. He was a minister in the governments of Charles Court and Ray O'Connor.Jones was born in Launceston, Tasmania, the son of Annie May (née Simmons) and Harold Vernon Jones. He attended Launceston Church Grammar School, where his father was the headmaster. After leaving school, Jones farmed at Hagley. He moved to Western Australia in 1968 and subsequently farmed at Narrogin, on a property of 2,700 hectares (6,700 acres). From 1972 to 1974, Jones was a member of the state marketing board for barley. He married Margaret Antonia Maslin in 1960, with whom he had three children. His children were called Philippa, Andrew and Angus.
<Trout_Fishing_in_America>	Trout Fishing in America is a novella written by Richard Brautigan and published in 1967. It is technically Brautigan's first novel; he wrote it in 1961 before A Confederate General from Big Sur, which was published first.Trout Fishing In America is an abstract book without a clear central storyline. Instead, the book contains a series of anecdotes broken into chapters, with the same characters often reappearing from story to story.  The settings of most of the chapters occur in three locales: Brautigan's childhood in the Pacific Northwest of the U.S.; his day-to-day adult life in San Francisco; and a camping trip in Idaho with his wife and infant daughter during the summer of 1961.  Most of the chapters were written during this trip.[circular reference] An excerpt appeared as the lead piece in the Evergreen Review, Volume 7, No. 31 (Oct.–Nov. 1963). The phrase "Trout Fishing in America" is used in various ways: it is the title of the book, a character, a hotel, the act of fishing itself, a modifier (one character is named "Trout Fishing in America Shorty") and other things.  Brautigan uses the theme of trout fishing as a point of departure for thinly veiled and often comical critiques of mainstream American society and culture.  Several symbolic objects, such as a mayonnaise jar, a Ben Franklin statue in San Francisco's Washington Square and trout, reappear throughout the book.
<Júlio_César_(football_goalkeeper,_born_1979)>	Júlio César Soares de Espíndola (born 3 September 1979), known as Júlio César (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈʒulju ˈsɛzaʁ]), is a Brazilian former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.Júlio César spent seven years at Italian club Inter Milan, with whom they won five Scudetti, the 2009–10 UEFA Champions League, and the 2010 FIFA Club World Cup. He was awarded the Serie A Goalkeeper of the Year title in both 2009 and 2010, and was nominated for the 2009 Ballon d'Or, where he was voted into 21st place. He was also named UEFA Club Goalkeeper of the Year after the 2009–10 season and won the Golden Glove award at the 2013 Confederations Cup.
<David_Freeman_(footballer)>	David Barry Freeman (born 25 November 1979) is an Irish former footballer who played as a striker or in central-midfield; he now works as a coach at Burton Albion.He began his career in England with Nottingham Forest in 1998, and had a loan spell at Port Vale in 2000. He had a brief spell with Carlisle United and Ilkeston Town in 2002 and 2003, before he returned to Ireland to play for St Patrick's Athletic. He helped the club to the League of Ireland Cup, before he signed with Drogheda United in 2004. The next year he moved on to Dublin City, before he joined Longford Town in 2006. He switched to Shelbourne in 2008, before he arrived at Monaghan United in 2009. He returned to Longford Town in 2010, before he finished his career with Drogheda United in 2011.
<Which_Way_to_the_War>	Which Way to the War is a failed pilot for a planned British television sitcom, which was written by David Croft and Jeremy Lloyd. The pilot episode originally aired on 19 August 1994. It was also Croft and Lloyd's only ITV sitcom and Croft's last World War II sitcom.In the Western Desert of World War Two, a party of British "Desert Rats" soldiers and a party of Australian soldiers are holed up in a remote building, when an ambulance of Italian "nurses" arrive.
<The_Land_of_Decoration>	The Land of Decoration is the debut novel by British author Grace McCleen published in 2012 by Chatto & Windus. It won the Desmond Elliott Prize in 2012 and the Betty Trask Award in 2013. It was chosen along with three American novels by The Sunday Times Literary Editor as one of the four most promising debuts of 2012.  It became one of Waterstones’ 11, an Oprah favourite, has so far been translated into nineteen languages and was selected by the Richard and Judy Book Club.  It has been optioned by Life of Pi producer Gil Netter to be adapted by Kelly Marcel.The story is about ten-year-old Judith, who lives with her father John in a small town, as members of a fundamentalist sect they warn their neighbours of the approaching armageddon. Motherless and bullied at school Judith seeks escape in her bedroom where she has recreated the town as an elaborate model, which she calls the 'Land of Decoration', a phrase she takes from Ezekiel. She wonders if she makes it snow in her miniature world whether she can prevent school from opening. The next morning the October landscape outside her window is blanketed in white. This is just the first of her miracles, but with her power comes trouble as her father's work-colleagues come out on strike and the bullying at school intensifies.
<Annie_Wersching>	Annie Wersching (born March 28, 1977) is an American actress known for her regular role as Renee Walker in 24 and recurring roles in several American television series, such as Bosch and Timeless. She also performed motion-capture and voice work for the character of Tess in Naughty Dog's video game The Last of Us.Wersching was born and raised in St. Louis, Missouri. She attended high school at Crossroads College Preparatory School in St. Louis's Central West End, graduating in 1995. During her youth, she competed in Irish dance and belonged to the St. Louis Celtic Stepdancers. She has a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in musical theatre from Millikin University, where she graduated in 1999.
<Harmonix>	Harmonix Music Systems, Inc., doing business as Harmonix, is an American video game developer company based in Boston, Massachusetts. The company was established in May 1995 by Alex Rigopulos and Eran Egozy. Harmonix is perhaps best known as being the developer of music video games series Dance Central and Rock Band, as well as being the original developer and creator of the Guitar Hero series before development moved to Neversoft and Vicarious Visions.Harmonix was founded on May 10, 1995 by Alex Rigopulos and Eran Egozy, who met while attending MIT. Egozy was an electrical/computer engineer with an interest in music, while Rigopulos was a music composition major with an interest in programming; both met while working in the MIT Media Lab. After building a computer music generation system that could algorithmically create music on the fly, the two considered how one could use a joystick to control the system, and set up a demonstration of the unit for the Lab, which gained interest from others in the Lab. The two realized that after graduation that they probably couldn't pursue such ideas working at any existing companies, so they chose to start their own. The company was built on the premise that the experience of performing music could become accessible to those who would otherwise have trouble learning a traditional instrument.
<William_Parker_(musician)>	William Parker (born January 10, 1952) is an American free jazz double bassist. Beginning in the 1980s, Parker played with Cecil Taylor for over a decade, and he has led the Little Huey Creative Music Orchestra since 1981. The Village Voice named him "the most consistently brilliant free jazz bassist of all time" and DownBeat has called him "one of the most adventurous and prolific bandleaders in jazz".Parker was born in the Bronx, New York City, and grew up in the Melrose housing project. His first instrument was the trumpet, followed by the trombone and cello. Parker was not formally trained as a classical player, but in his youth studied with Jimmy Garrison, Richard Davis, and Wilbur Ware in learning the tradition.
<Krapp's_Last_Tape>	Krapp's Last Tape is a 1958 one-act play, in English, by Samuel Beckett.  With a cast of one man, it was written for Northern Irish actor Patrick Magee and first titled "Magee monologue". It was inspired by Beckett's experience of listeningto Magee reading extracts from Molloy and From an Abandoned Work on the BBC Third Programme in December 1957.It is considered to be among Beckett’s major dramas.
<Clarence_Stein>	Clarence Samuel Stein (June 19, 1882 – February 7, 1975) was an American urban planner, architect, and writer, a major proponent of the garden city movement in the United States.Stein was born in Rochester, New York into an upwardly-mobile Jewish family. While a youth, his family decamped to New York City, where he was immersed in the milieu surrounding the Ethical Culture Society, attending its Workshop School and developing his sensibilities within the context of Progressive thought: the integration of physical and mental labor, the importance of a universal humanistic philosophy, the concept of a nurtured individualistic sensibility. Intense and self-absorbed, the young Stein had a nervous collapse shortly before he was scheduled to leave for college, experiencing a bout of what was then called neurasthenia for which he was sent to Florida to endure a rest cure.He returned to New York and worked in his family's casket business, where the combination of physical and mental labor matched the philosophy in which he had been educated, much in keeping with his contemporary John Dewey. After a year or so, he prepared to attend college, embarking on an American version of the Grand Tour: travel to the artistic and cultural centers of Europe, in this case in the company of his father. Returning to the United States, he immersed himself in work in the Progressive settlement house movement. In concert with his brothers and a small cohort of like-minded young men, many of whom would be influential partners for the rest of his career, Stein started the Young Men's Municipal Club, an organization modeled on many other such burgeoning social amelioration movements (Jane Adams's, Hull House is an example) and dedicated to studying and then agitating for improvements to the chaotic life of the modern city.
<Valerie_Hobson>	Babette Louisa Valerie Hobson (14 April 1917 – 13 November 1998) was a British actress whose film career spanned the 1930s to the early 1950s. Her second husband was John Profumo, a British government minister who became the subject of the Profumo affair in 1963.Hobson was born in Larne, County Antrim, in Ulster. Her father, Robert Gordon Hobson was a captain in the Royal Navy, her mother was Violette (née Willoughby) Hobson.
<CRRC_Corporation>	CRRC Corporation Limited (known as CRRC) is a Chinese state-owned and publicly traded rolling stock manufacturer. It is the world's largest rolling stock manufacturer in terms of revenue, eclipsing its major competitors of Alstom and Siemens.It was formed on 1 June 2015 through the merger of CNR and CSR. As of 2016 it had 183,061 employees. The parent company is CRRC Group, a state-owned enterprise supervised by the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council. The State Council also owned additional shares via China Securities Finance and Central Huijin Investment.CNR Group and CSR Group, were once one company, China National Railway Locomotive & Rolling Stock Industry Corporation [zh] (LORIC). The company was split up in 2002.
<Nightwood>	Nightwood is a 1936 novel by American author Djuna Barnes that was first published by publishing house Faber and Faber. It is one of the early prominent novels to portray explicit homosexuality between women, and as such can be considered lesbian literature.It is also notable for its intense, gothic prose style. The novel employs modernist techniques such as its unusual form or narrative and can be considered metafiction, and it was praised by other modernist authors including T. S. Eliot, who edited the novel, helped publish it, and wrote an introduction included in the 1937 edition published by Harcourt, Brace. As a roman à clef, the novel features a thinly veiled portrait of Barnes in the character of Nora Flood, whereas Nora's lover Robin Vote is a composite of Thelma Wood and the Baroness Elsa von Freytag-Loringhoven, Jenny Petherbridge is Henriette Alice McCrea-Metcalf, and Felix Volkbein is derived from Frederick Philip Grove.
<Touching_Evil>	Touching Evil is a British television drama serial following the exploits of a crack squad on the Organised & Serial Crime Unit, a rapid response police force that serves the entire country.The serial was produced by United Productions for Anglia Television, and screened on the ITV network in 1997. It was created by Paul Abbott. The first season consists of six 50-minute (one-hour with advertisements) episodes written by Abbott with Russell T Davies. The popularity of the serial led to two sequel serials in 1998 and 1999, although not written by Abbott or Davies. The first episode aired on 29 April 1997, and the last on 6 June 1999, after 16 episodes and 3 seasons.
<Toni_Mannix>	Toni Lanier Mannix (born Camille Bernice Froomess; February 19, 1906 – September 2, 1983) was an American actress and dancer in early motion pictures filmed with soundtracks, known as "talkies". Going by the name Toni Lanier, she became known in Hollywood circles for her  extramarital relationship with future husband MGM studio head Eddie Mannix, who was married at the time to Bernice Fitzmaurice.  Following Fitzmaurice's death in 1937, Lanier moved in with Mannix. The couple married in 1951.  It was not long after her marriage to Mannix that she began a notorious affair with actor George Reeves, also in 1951.Mannix was born Camille Bernice Froomess on February 19, 1906 in New York City. Her father, Charles, was a French immigrant, and her mother, Elizabeth, was a French Canadian Roman Catholic. The large family would ultimately include 11 children: seven boys and four girls. The children were raised in their mother's faith. Mannix's father was a department store window decorator in Rochester, New York, and her mother was a homemaker.For a time, Mannix was a Ziegfeld Follies showgirl, and appeared in the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer biography of Florenz Ziegfeld's life, The Great Ziegfeld (1936).
<İsmail_Kahraman>	İsmail Kahraman (born 7 December 1940) is a Turkish politician from the AK Party who served as the 27th Speaker of the Grand National Assembly from 22 November 2015 to 9 July 2018. He has been the Member of Parliament for Istanbul's first electoral district since 1 November 2015, having previously served as an MP for Istanbul between 1995 and 2002. He also served as Minister of Culture from 1996 to 1997 in the government of Necmettin Erbakan as a member of the Islamist Welfare Party.İsmail Kahraman was born in İkizdere in 1940 and graduated from Istanbul University Faculty of Law. During his youth, he was the president of the Student's Community and of the National Turkish Students' Union. He was a founding member and a chairman of the board of trustees of the Unity Foundation and the Voluntary Foundation of Turkey. In the private sector, he worked as the chairman of the board of directors of numerous companies and became the Undersecretary of the Ministry of Labour. He was one of the founding members of the Recep Tayyip Erdoğan University development foundation and is still the chairman of the board of trustees.İsmail Kahraman was first elected as a Member of Parliament for Istanbul in the 1995 general election as a member of the Welfare Party. The Welfare Party leader Necmettin Erbakan formed a coalition government with the True Path Party in June 1996, with Kahraman becoming the Minister of Culture. The government fell in June 1997 after the military memorandum on 28 February. He was re-elected as an MP in the 1999 general election as part of the RP's successor Virtue Party (FP), but lost his seat in the 2002 general election.
<Minneapolis>	Minneapolis (/ˌmɪniˈæpəlɪs/ (listen)) is the largest city in Minnesota, United States, and the county seat of Hennepin County. The city is abundant in water, with thirteen lakes, wetlands, the Mississippi River, creeks and waterfalls. Minneapolis has its origins in timber and as the flour milling capital of the world. It occupies both banks of the Mississippi River and adjoins Saint Paul, the state capital of Minnesota.Prior to European settlement, the site of Minneapolis was inhabited by Dakota people. The settlement was founded along Saint Anthony Falls on a section of land north of Fort Snelling; its growth is attributed to its proximity to the fort and the falls providing power for industrial activity. As of 2021[update], the city has an estimated 425,336 inhabitants. It is the most populous city in the state and the 46th-most-populous city in the United States. Minneapolis, Saint Paul and the surrounding area are collectively known as the Twin Cities.
<Heinz_Zöger>	Heinz Zöger (19 November 1915 in Leipzig – 21 March 2000 in Berlin) was a German political journalist.   Between 1968  and his death in 2000 he was married to Carola Stern.Heinz Zöger was born in Leipzig:  his adoptive father was a lithographer.   On leaving school Zöger, between 1930 and 1933, undertook an apprenticeship as a type setter.   In 1932, he was a member of the "Antifaschistischen Roten Garde" and also around this time of Revolutionary Union Opposition (RGO / Revolutionäre Gewerkschafts Opposition).  After 1933 he was twice arrested and sentenced to terms of imprisonment because of his resistance activities.After the war, almost all of which he had spent in prisons in Germany, he joined the German Communist Party (KPD / Kommunistische Partei Deutschlands) and held senior positions in what became the East German Broadcasting Corporation.
<Massachusetts_Institute_of_Technology>	The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) is a private land-grant research university in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Established in 1861, MIT has played a key role in the development of modern technology and science, and is one of the most prestigious and highly ranked academic institutions in the world.Founded in response to the increasing industrialization of the United States, MIT adopted a European polytechnic university model and stressed laboratory instruction in applied science and engineering. MIT is one of three private land grant universities in the United States, the others being Cornell University and Tuskegee University. The institute has an urban campus that extends more than a mile (1.6 km) alongside the Charles River, and encompasses a number of major off-campus facilities such as the MIT Lincoln Laboratory, the Bates Center, and the Haystack Observatory, as well as affiliated laboratories such as the Broad and Whitehead Institutes.
<George_Jessel_(actor)>	George Albert "Georgie" Jessel (April 3, 1898 – May 23, 1981) was an American, actor, singer, songwriter, film producer, and illustrated song "model." He was famous in his lifetime as a multitalented comedic entertainer, achieving a level of recognition that transcended his limited roles in movies. He was widely known by his nickname, the "Toastmaster General of the United States," for his frequent role as the master of ceremonies at political and entertainment gatherings. Jessel originated the title role in the stage production of The Jazz Singer.Jessel was born to a Jewish couple, Joseph and Charlotte "Lottie" (née Schwarz) Jessel, on 118th Street in Harlem, New York City. By age 10, he was appearing in vaudeville and on Broadway to support his family after the death of his father, who was a playwright.
<Dick_Spanner,_P.I.>	Dick Spanner, P.I. is a 1986 British stop-motion animated comedy series which parodied Chandleresque detective shows. The title character and protagonist was Dick Spanner, voiced by Shane Rimmer, a robotic private detective who works cases in a futuristic urban setting.  The show made frequent use of puns and visual gags.The series consisted of 22 six-minute episodes, covering two-story arcs of equal length: "The Case of the Human Cannonball" and "The Case of the Maltese Parrot". The programme was originally broadcast in the United Kingdom as a segment of the Sunday morning show Network 7 on Channel 4, and was later repeated on the same channel in a late night spot.
<DJ_Hyde>	David John Markland (born March 1, 1978) is an American professional wrestler and promoter, better known as D. J. Hyde.D. J. Hyde is the owner of Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW). Hyde purchased the promotion from its original owner, Zandig, in 2009. As a CZW competitor, he is a three-time CZW Iron Man Champion. In December 2012, D.J. Hyde faced "The Bulldozer" Matt Tremont in the main event of Cage of Death. Since 2013, he is also part owner of the all-woman Women Superstars Uncensored wrestling promotion. In addition, D. J. Hyde has traveled the world to compete for several independent promotions, including Big Japan Pro Wrestling and the East Coast Wrestling Association (ECWA), where he serves as the Commissioner of ECWA. Hyde has also appeared in such companies such as, Chikara, Westside Xtreme Wrestling, Jersey All Pro Wrestling, Fight Club Pro, Heartland Wrestling Association, IWA Mid South, Maryland Championship Wrestling, Championship Wrestling from Hollywood, and Dragon Gate USA, Pro Wrestling Empire, and Legacy Pro Wrestling.Hyde was an All-American football player at Middletown High School in Middletown, Delaware. His football skills awarded him a scholarship at Penn State University, but he later tore several ligaments in his right knee, ending up in a wheelchair for 19 months.
<Holy_Trinity_Church_(Manhattan)>	The Church of the Holy Trinity is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York, located at 209 West 82nd Street near Amsterdam Avenue in the Upper West Side neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. The parish was established in 1898.The church was built 1910–1912 to the designs of Joseph Hubert McGuire. It has a dome of Guastavino tile. According to Frederick D. Taylor in his article Medieval New York - Holy Trinity Church the church was built deliberately in the Byzantine style, unusual for the time, and has been "considered to be one of the finest examples of Byzantine architecture in this country."Coordinates: 40°47′08″N 73°58′39″W﻿ / ﻿40.785505°N 73.977447°W﻿ / 40.785505; -73.977447
<Edmund_Sedding>	Edmund Sedding (20 June 1836 – 1868) was an English architect and musician.Sedding, son of Richard and Peninnah Sedding of Summerstown, near Okehampton, Devon, was born on 20 June 1836: John Dando Sedding was his younger brother. He early displayed antiquarian tastes, which led to his visiting cathedrals, abbeys, and churches in England and France. In 1853 he entered the office of George Edmund Street, where he devoted himself to the study of Gothic architecture. For some time he resided as an architect in Bristol, and, after again spending a period in London, removed about 1862 to Penzance, where he obtained a large practice.In Cornwall he built or restored the churches of Gwithian, Wendron, Altarnun, North Hill, Ruan Major (modified during restoration), St. Peter's, Newlyn, and St Stephens by Launceston, while he had in progress at the time of his death a new church, St Martin's at Marple in Cheshire, together with its rectory  and two churches in Wales, the restoration of Bigbury church, and a mansion at Hayle for Mr. W. J. Rawlings.
<Mildred_Joanne_Smith>	Mildred Joanne Smith (May 16, 1921 – July 19, 2015) was an American actress, singer, magazine editor and teacher. In her brief acting career, she performed in a number of Broadway shows and in only one film, No Way Out, alongside Sidney Poitier.Raised in Struthers, Ohio, Smith performed in fourteen Broadway theatre productions during the 1940s, including Men to the Sea, Mamba's Daughters, Forward the Heart, and A Long Way From Home. She also played Alfred Drake's love interest in the Broadway production of  Beggar's Holiday. All of Smith's 1940s Broadway shows were short-lived, but her performances received excellent reviews.
<Cara_Williams>	Cara Williams (born Bernice Kamiat; June 29, 1925 – December 9, 2021) was an American film and television actress. She was best known for her role as Billy's Mother in The Defiant Ones (1958), for which she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, and for her role as Gladys Porter on the 1960–62 CBS television series Pete and Gladys, for which she was nominated for the Emmy Award for Best Lead Actress in a Comedy. At the time of her death, Williams was one of the last surviving actors from the Golden Age of Hollywood.Williams was born Bernice Kamiat to a Romanian Jewish mother and an Austrian Jewish father.She began making impersonations of all the screen stars she watched in the movies there, and knew she wanted to be an actress. Her parents divorced, and her mother relocated her to Los Angeles, where she chose Cara Williams as her stage name and attended the Hollywood Professional School. Soon she began performing in radio, and at the age of 16 in 1941, she was signed to a film contract and began performing in bit roles, credited as Bernice Kay.
<The_Texas_Chain_Saw_Massacre>	The Texas Chain Saw Massacre is a 1974 American slasher film produced and directed by Tobe Hooper from a story and screenplay by Hooper and Kim Henkel. It stars Marilyn Burns, Paul A. Partain, Edwin Neal, Jim Siedow and Gunnar Hansen, who respectively portray Sally Hardesty, Franklin Hardesty, the hitchhiker, the proprietor, and Leatherface. The film follows a group of friends who fall victim to a family of cannibals while on their way to visit an old homestead. The film was marketed as being based on true events to attract a wider audience and to act as a subtle commentary on the era's political climate. Although the character of Leatherface and minor story details were inspired by the crimes of murderer Ed Gein, its plot is largely fictional. It is the first film of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre franchise.
<Ruby_Lin>	Ruby Lin Xin-ru (Chinese: 林心如; pinyin: Lín Xīnrú; born January 27, 1976) is a Taiwanese actress, television and film producer, and pop singer. American entertainment critic Derek Elley named Lin as "Taiwan's TV Drama Queen".3 years after Lin made her acting debut in a TV commercial, she rose to national and regional prominence overnight for her role as Xia Ziwei in the TV series My Fair Princess 还珠格格 (1998-1999). My Fair Princess was highly popular in East and Southeast countries; launching Lin as a household name in Asia. She followed the success with other hit series including The Duke of Mount Deer (2000), Romance in the Rain (2001), Boy & Girl (2003), Affair of Half a Lifetime (2004), Beauty's Rival in Palace (2010), The Glamorous Imperial Concubine (2011) and The Way We Were (2014).
<The_Herd_(1978_film)>	The Herd (Turkish: Sürü) is a 1978 Turkish drama film, written, produced and co-directed by Yılmaz Güney with Zeki Ökten during Güney's second imprisonment, featuring Tarık Akan as a peasant, forced by a local blood feud to sell his sheep in faraway Ankara. According to his own account, the development of the script of Sürü, began in 1973 in prison in Selimya and finished it while in prison in Izmit. The conditions to write were at times rather difficult, in Izmit he wrote in a room he shared together with eighty other inmates. The film, which went on nationwide general release on 27 September 1978 (1978-09-27), was screened in competition at the 30th Berlin International Film Festival, where it won Interfilm and OCIC Awards, the Locarno International Film Festival, where it won Golden Leopard and Special Mention, was scheduled to compete in the cancelled 17th Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival, for which it received 6 Belated Golden Oranges, including Best Film and Best Director, was awarded the BFI Sutherland Trophy and was voted one of the 10 Best Turkish Films by the Ankara Cinema Association.This article related to a Turkish film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Vicky_Pryce>	Vasiliki "Vicky" Pryce (née  Kourmouzi (Greek: Βασιλική Κουρμούζη); born 15 July 1952) is a Greek-born British economist and a former Joint Head of the United Kingdom's Government Economic Service.She is currently the Chief Economic Adviser at the Centre for Economics and Business Research, in London, where she is also a board member. Pryce is a visiting professor at Birmingham City University and King's College London.
<David_Gest>	David Alan Gest (May 11, 1953 – April 12, 2016) was an American producer and television personality. Gest founded the American Cinema Awards Foundation in 1983. He produced the television special Michael Jackson: 30th Anniversary Celebration in 2001, which was the last reunion of Michael Jackson and the Jacksons coming 17 years after their previous reunion. Gest appeared on the 2006 series of the British reality television show I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here!. He frequently made tabloid headlines during his marriage with Liza Minnelli. In 2016, Gest appeared in Celebrity Big Brother in the UK but elected to leave the show after 13 days due to "medical reasons".At the age of 17, Gest landed a job as a publicist at London Records by passing himself off as 24. Nearly a year later, he was promoted to national director of publicity and transferred over to the New York office of the label. Singer Al Green encouraged him to start a P.R. and management firm, and at age 18, he created David Gest & Associates. Green became his first client and mentor. Shortly after, he had 25 artists on his roster and generated vast success.
<Salt_Lake_City>	Salt Lake City (often shortened to Salt Lake and abbreviated as SLC) is the capital and most populous city of Utah, United States. It is the seat of Salt Lake County, the most populous county in Utah. With a population of 200,133 in 2020, the city is the core of the Salt Lake City metropolitan area, which had a population of 1,257,936 at the 2020 census. Salt Lake City is further situated within a larger metropolis known as the Salt Lake City–Ogden–Provo Combined Statistical Area, a corridor of contiguous urban and suburban development stretched along a 120-mile (190 km) segment of the Wasatch Front, comprising a population of 2,746,164 (as of 2021 estimates), making it the 22nd largest in the nation. It is also the central core of the larger of only two major urban areas located within the Great Basin (the other being Reno, Nevada).Salt Lake City was founded July 24, 1847, by early pioneer settlers led by Brigham Young, who were seeking to escape persecution they had experienced while living farther east. The Mormon pioneers, as they would come to be known, entered a semi-arid valley and immediately began planning and building an extensive irrigation network which could feed the population and foster future growth. Salt Lake City's street grid system is based on a standard compass grid plan, with the southeast corner of Temple Square (the area containing the Salt Lake Temple in downtown Salt Lake City) serving as the origin of the Salt Lake meridian. Owing to its proximity to the Great Salt Lake, the city was originally named Great Salt Lake City. In 1868, the word "Great" was dropped from the city's name.
<Copenhagen>	Copenhagen (/ˌkoʊpənˈheɪɡən, -ˈhɑː-/ KOH-pən-HAY-gən, -⁠HAH- or /ˈkoʊpənheɪɡən, -hɑː-/ KOH-pən-hay-gən, -⁠hah-.; Danish: København [kʰøpm̩ˈhɑwˀn] (listen)) is the capital and most populous city of Denmark, with a proper population of around 815.000 in the last quarter of 2022; and some 1.370,000 in the urban area;  and the wider Copenhagen metropolitan area has 2,057,142 people. Copenhagen is on the islands of Zealand and Amager, separated from Malmö, Sweden, by the Øresund strait. The Øresund Bridge connects the two cities by rail and road.Originally a Viking fishing village established in the 10th century in the vicinity of what is now Gammel Strand, Copenhagen became the capital of Denmark in the early 15th century. Beginning in the 17th century, it consolidated its position as a regional centre of power with its institutions, defences, and armed forces. During the Renaissance the city served as the de facto capital of the Kalmar Union, being the seat of monarchy, governing the majority of the present day Nordic region in a personal union with Sweden and Norway ruled by the Danish monarch serving as the head of state. The city flourished as the cultural and economic centre of Scandinavia under the union for well over 120 years, starting in the 15th century up until the beginning of the 16th century when the union was dissolved with Sweden leaving the union through a rebellion. After a plague outbreak and fire in the 18th century, the city underwent a period of redevelopment. This included construction of the prestigious district of Frederiksstaden and founding of such cultural institutions as the Royal Theatre and the Royal Academy of Fine Arts. After further disasters in the early 19th century when Horatio Nelson attacked the Dano-Norwegian fleet and bombarded the city, rebuilding during the Danish Golden Age brought a Neoclassical look to Copenhagen's architecture. Later, following the Second World War, the Finger Plan fostered the development of housing and businesses along the five urban railway routes stretching out from the city centre.
<ProSiebenSat.1_Media>	ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE (officially abbreviated as P7S1, formerly ProSiebenSat.1 Media AG) is a German mass media & digital company. It operates in three segments: Entertainment, Dating and Commerce & Ventures. The company is listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.KirchMedia GmbH & Co. KGaA became the majority shareholder in ProSieben Media AG at the end of 1999. ProSieben Media AG and Sat.1 SatellitenFernsehen GmbH, which was also part of the Kirch group, merged in 2000. The company controlled various TV channels such as SAT.1, ProSieben and kabel eins.
<Scandlines>	Scandlines is a ferry company that operates the Rødby–Puttgarden and Gedser–Rostock ferry routes between Denmark and Germany.Scandlines owns 7 ferries, 6 of which are hybrid ferries, making Scandlines the owner of the world's largest fleet of hybrid ferries.In a normal year, Scandlines has over 41,500 departures, 7 million passengers, 1.7 million passenger cars and approx. 700,000 freight units on its two routes.
<Gordon_Moore>	Gordon Earle Moore (born January 3, 1929) is an American businessman, engineer, and the co-founder and chairman emeritus of Intel Corporation. He is also the original proponent of Moore's law.As of March 2021, Moore's net worth is reported to be $12.6 billion.
<Mary_Willis_Library>	The Mary Willis Library is a historic public library located in the city of Washington, in the U.S. state of Georgia.  The library, located at 204 East Liberty Street (corner of East Liberty and South Jefferson) in downtown Washington, is the designated public library for Wilkes County and headquarters of the Bartram Trail Regional Library System.  Built in 1889 in red brick and featuring Tiffany glass, the Mary Willis Library was listed with the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on April 11, 1972.The Mary Willis Library was the first free public library in the state of Georgia when it opened in 1889.  The free library was a revolutionary concept in a day when all the state's earlier libraries charged users a subscription fee.  The library was founded the previous year by Dr. Francis T. Willis in memory of his daughter, Mary.  Dr. Willis, a local by birth who had moved to Richmond, Virginia in 1867, left the library as a gift to his hometown and its citizens.  Dr. Willis donated his own private collection of books, plus $15,000 for the library's construction, $2,000 to purchase furnishings and more books, and another $10,000 as an endowment fund.Noted Atlanta architect Edmund George Lind designed the library in the Queen Anne style, with masonry construction featuring detailed brickwork, a steeply gabled roof and a dome-capped tower.  The library interior is lit by stained glass windows, including the central memorial window which was crafted by Tiffany Studios.  The historic original 1889 construction covered a size of 2,655 ft2 (246.7 m2).
<Berkeley_Breathed>	Guy Berkeley "Berke" Breathed (/ˈbrɛðɪd/; born June 21, 1957) is an American cartoonist, children's book author, director, and screenwriter, known for his comic strips Bloom County, Outland, and Opus. Bloom County earned Breathed the Pulitzer Prize for Editorial Cartooning in 1987.Born in Encino, California,[citation needed] but raised in Houston, Texas, Breathed attended Westchester High School in Houston.Breathed was first published when he was hired part-time by the Austin American-Statesman to draw editorial cartoons for the newspaper. This job was short-lived; he was dismissed shortly after one of his cartoons caused outrage. His first comic strip published regularly was The Academia Waltz, which appeared in the Daily Texan, in 1978 while he was a student at the University of Texas. During his time at the University of Texas, Breathed self-published two collections of The Academia Waltz, using the profits to pay his tuition. The comic strip attracted the notice of the editors of The Washington Post, who recruited him to do a nationally syndicated strip.
<David_James_Duncan>	David James Duncan (born 1952) is an American novelist and essayist, best known for his two bestselling novels, The River Why (1983) and The Brothers K (1992). Both novels received the Pacific Northwest Booksellers award; The Brothers K was a New York Times Notable Book in 1992 and won a Best Books Award from the American Library Association.In 2008, The River Why was adapted into a "low-budget film" of the same name starring William Hurt and Amber Heard.  On April 30, 2008, the film rights to The River Why became the subject of a lawsuit by Duncan alleging copyright infringement, among other issues. The lawsuit has been settled and Duncan has said, "I engaged in a three-year legal battle against the producers of the film over their handling of my film rights. That battle was settled last fall. My name is off the film, Sierra Club's name is off the film, and the rights have returned to me. I tried to remove my title from their film, too, but the federal magistrate in San Francisco let them keep it".Duncan has written a collection of short stories, River Teeth (1996), and a memoir of sorts, My Story As Told By Water (2001). God Laughs and Plays: Churchless Sermons in Response to the Preachments of the Fundamentalist Right was published in 2001. An essay, "Bird Watching as a Blood Sport," appeared in Harper's Magazine in 1998; Duncan wrote the foreword to Thoreau on Water: Reflecting Heaven (2001). An essay, "A Mickey Mantle Koan: The Obstinate Grip of an Autographed Baseball," appeared in Harper's Magazine in 1992.
<George_Henry_Williams>	George Henry Williams (March 26, 1823 – April 4, 1910) was an American judge and politician. He served as chief justice of the Oregon Supreme Court, was the 32nd Attorney General of the United States, and was elected Oregon's U.S. senator, and served one term. Williams, as U.S. senator, authored and supported legislation that allowed the U.S. military to be deployed in Reconstruction of the southern states to allow for an orderly process of re-admittance into the United States. Williams was the first presidential Cabinet member to be appointed from the Pacific Coast. As attorney general under President Ulysses S. Grant, Williams continued the prosecutions that shut down the Ku Klux Klan. He had to contend with controversial election disputes in Reconstructed southern states. President Grant and Williams legally recognized P. B. S. Pinchback as the first African American state governor. Williams ruled that the Virginius, a gun-running ship captured by Spain during the Virginius Affair, did not have the right to bear the U.S. flag. However, he argued that Spain did not have the right to execute American crew members. Nominated for Supreme Court Chief Justice by President Grant, Williams failed to be confirmed by the U.S. Senate primarily due to Williams's removal of A. C. Gibbs, United States District Attorney at Portland, Oregon.In 1875, Williams resigned as U.S. Attorney General under the controversy of his wife allegedly taking payment money from the custom house firm Pratt & Boyd in order to drop litigation by the U.S. Justice Department. After his resignation, Williams took part in counting Florida ballots for Rutherford B. Hayes in settling the controversial presidential election of 1876. Williams returned to Oregon, resumed private law practice, and was elected Portland's mayor, serving two terms from 1902 to 1905. Williams, at the age of 83, was indicted while Mayor of Portland for not enforcing gambling restriction statutes; he was acquitted and served out the rest of his term as mayor.George Henry Willams was born in upstate New York, New Lebanon, Columbia County, on March 26, 1823. When he was very young his family moved to Onondaga County, where was educated in public and private schools, including Pompey Academy; he did not attend college. Williams studied law under Honorable Daniel Scott having passed the bar in 1844 at the age of 21. In the same year Williams moved west, and practiced law in the Iowa Territory. After Iowa was admitted to statehood, Williams was elected district judge in 1847, serving until 1852. In 1853, Williams was appointed Chief Justice of the Oregon Territory by President Franklin Pierce. In 1857, at the Oregon Constitutional Convention, Williams urged that slavery be made illegal in Oregon as a requirement for statehood. Williams advocated unsuccessfully that a woman's property not be subject to her husband's debts.
<Eddington_Medal>	The Eddington Medal is awarded by the Royal Astronomical Society for investigations of outstanding merit in theoretical astrophysics. It is named after Sir Arthur Eddington. First awarded in 1953, the frequency of the prize has varied over the years, at times being every one, two or three years. Since 2013 it has been awarded annually.Source is  unless otherwise noted.
<Portugal_national_under-21_football_team>	The Portugal national under-21 football team is the national under-21 football team of Portugal and is controlled by the Portuguese Football Federation (FPF). They are nicknamed "Esperanças." Esperança means hope, thus they are Portugal's hopes for the future.Following the realignment of UEFA's youth competitions in 1976, the Portuguese under-21 team was formed. Until 1994, the team had a rather poor record, failing to qualify for each of the first eight UEFA under-21 Championships. Since 1994, the team has improved its record greatly, qualifying for five of the next seven tournaments, including the 2006 finals.Having qualified for the 2006 tournament finals, UEFA announced that Portugal would host the finals in May and June. From 2007 onwards, host nations will be announced before the qualification stage and will not need to qualify.
<The_Joke_(novel)>	The Joke (Czech: Žert) is Milan Kundera's first novel, originally published in 1967. It describes how a student's private joke derails his life, and the entwined stories of his lovers and friends grappling with the shifting roles of folk traditions and religion under Communist Czechoslovakia.Like most of Kundera's novels, the book is divided into seven parts; the parts switch among the viewpoints of four characters. Ludvik Jahn was expelled from school and the Communist Party for his irreverence. Jaroslav is an old friend with a cimbalom band which Ludvik had once played in. Helena Zemánková is a radio reporter going to interview Jaroslav, and the wife of Ludvik's old nemesis. Kostka is a Christian foil for Ludvik who spars with his life philosophy.The novel opens with Ludvik back in his hometown in Moravia for the first time in years, startled to recognize the woman cutting his hair, though neither acknowledges the other. He reflects on the joke that changed his life in the early 1950s over the next several chapters of flashback. Ludvik was a dashing, witty, and popular student who, like most of his friends, supported the still-young Communist regime. During their summer break, a girl in his class wrote to him about "optimistic young people filled through and through with the healthy spirit" of Marxism; he replied caustically, "Optimism is the opium of mankind! A healthy spirit stinks of stupidity! Long live Trotsky!"
<Miguel_Ángel_Luque>	Miguel Ángel Luque Santiago (born 23 July 1990) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for CE Manresa.Born in Sabadell, Barcelona, Catalonia, Luque only played lower league football in his country. He started with Villarreal CF's third team in Tercera División, then joined FC Barcelona's reserves in Segunda División B for the 2009–10 season. He totalled 980 minutes of action in his only campaign with the latter, helping them promote to Segunda División.
<Nikolay_Bogolyubov>	Nikolay Nikolayevich Bogolyubov (Russian: Никола́й Никола́евич Боголю́бов; 21 August 1909 – 13 February 1992), also transliterated as Bogoliubov and Bogolubov, was a Soviet and Russian mathematician and theoretical physicist known for a significant contribution to quantum field theory, classical and quantum statistical mechanics, and the theory of dynamical systems; he was the recipient of the 1992 Dirac Medal.Nikolay Bogolyubov was born on 21 August 1909 in Nizhny Novgorod, Russian Empire to Russian Orthodox Church priest and seminary teacher of theology, psychology and philosophy Nikolay Mikhaylovich Bogolyubov, and Olga Nikolayevna Bogolyubova, a teacher of music. The Bogolyubovs relocated to the village of Velikaya Krucha in the Poltava Governorate (now in Poltava Oblast, Ukraine) in 1919, where the young Nikolay Bogolyubov began to study physics and mathematics. The family soon moved to Kiev in 1921, where they continued to live in poverty as the elder Nikolay Bogolyubov only found a position as a priest in 1923.He attended research seminars in Kyiv University and soon started to work under the supervision of the well-known contemporary mathematician Nikolay Krylov. In 1924, at the age of 15, Nikolay Bogolyubov wrote his first published scientific paper On the behavior of solutions of linear differential equations at infinity. In 1925 he entered Ph.D. program at the Academy of Sciences of the Ukrainian SSR and obtained the degree of Kandidat Nauk (Candidate of Sciences, equivalent to a Ph.D.) in 1928, at the age of 19, with the doctoral thesis titled On direct methods of variational calculus. In 1930, at the age of 21, he obtained the degree of Doktor nauk (Doctor of Sciences, equivalent to Habilitation), the highest degree in the Soviet Union, which requires the recipient to have made a significant independent contribution to his or her scientific field.
<A-Channel_(Craig_Media)>	A-Channel (proposed as The Alberta Channel) was a Canadian television system initially owned by Craig Media from September 1997 to 2004, then by CHUM Limited from 2004 to 2005 through A-Channel, Inc. It consisted of Craig's television stations in Winnipeg, Calgary and Edmonton, and was the company's unsuccessful attempt to build a national network.CHUM Limited, which acquired Craig Media's television broadcasting assets in 2004 (resulting in Craig's re-incorporation to Craig Wireless), merged these stations into CHUM's flagship television network Citytv on August 2, 2005. On the same date, the A-Channel name was transferred to the NewNet stations in Southern Ontario and Vancouver Island, which are currently operated by Bell Media under the CTV 2 banner. The three original Craig Media A-Channel (now Citytv) stations are now owned by Rogers Sports & Media.Under the "A-Channel" branding, Craig Media sought to develop a national presence; the network was originally proposed under the "The Alberta Channel" branding before being launched under the shortened name.
<Jon_Lucas>	Jonathan Lucas (born October 29, 1975) is an American film director and screenwriter. He is best known for his collaborative work with Scott Moore, which includes The Hangover, 21 & Over and Bad Moms.He is a graduate of Yale University as well as an alumnus of Pingry School.[citation needed] He started working as an assistant for screenwriter Daniel Petrie, Jr. in the '90s along with Scott Moore, who would become his longtime writing partner.The first script Lucas and Moore ever wrote together was Flypaper, although the movie didn't get made until 2011. In addition, they both worked on providing uncredited rewrites on Wedding Crashers, 27 Dresses, Chicken Little, Monster-in-Law, and Mr. Woodcock.
<Lina_Wertmüller>	Arcangela Felice Assunta Wertmüller von Elgg Spanol von Braueich (14 August 1928 – 9 December 2021), known as Lina Wertmüller (Italian: [ˈliːna vertˈmyller]), was an Italian film director and screenwriter. She is best known for her 1970s art house films Seven Beauties (a genre-bending World War II film for which she became the first female director to be nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director in 1977), The Seduction of Mimi, Love and Anarchy, and Swept Away. In 2019, Wertmüller was announced as one of four recipients of the Academy Honorary Award for her career, the second female director to be so honoured.
<Deborra-Lee_Furness>	Deborra-Lee Furness AO (born 30 November 1955) is an Australian actress and producer.  She is married to actor Hugh Jackman.Furness was born in Annandale, a suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, and raised in Melbourne, Victoria. She studied acting at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York City, where she graduated in either 1981 or 1982. She performed on the stage in New York and played Kathleen, the Australian wife of Cole Gioberti (Billy Moses) on the television series Falcon Crest before returning to Australia to continue her acting career.
<Gabrielle_Hamilton_(actress)>	Gabrielle Hamilton (1923–2014) was a British actress who performed in TV movies and series from 1953 to 2014.She also worked extensively in theatre, including the Royal Shakespeare Company and at Oxford. Her facial and vocal similarities to Joan Hickson additionally saw her play Agatha Christie's Miss Marple on stage.
<NAS_Award_for_Scientific_Reviewing>	The NAS Award for Scientific Reviewing is awarded by the U.S. National Academy of Sciences  "to recognize authors whose reviews have synthesized extensive and difficult material, rendering a significant service to science and influencing the course of scientific thought." It has been awarded annually in specific fields since 1979.
<Alexander_Victorovich_Fedorov>	Alexander Victorovich Fedorov (Russian: Александр Викторович Фёдоров; born November 4, 1954) is a Russian scientist, teacher, media education specialist, film critic.  He completed his Ph.D. dissertation about media education (1993) at the Russian Academy of Education (Moscow).He was the president of the Russian Association for Film and Media Education (2003-2014)  and deputy director of the Anton Chekhov Taganrog Institute (Russia) (2005-2018) and main editor of journal "Media Education" (‘Mediaobrazovanie’). He is also a member of the Russian Academy of Film Arts and Science, Russian Union of Filmmakers, CIFEJ and  FIPRESCI. Alexander Fedorov is the author of 20 books on media education and media literacy and more than 400 articles (in Russian, English, Canadian, French, German, and Norwegian media studies and media literacy journals).Since 1997 he has received scientific research grants on media culture and media education from the President of the Russian Federation, Russian Foundation for Humanities, Russian Ministry of Education, Kennan Institute (US), IREX (US), MacArthure Foundation (US),  DAAD (Germany), and others.He was a guest professor and research fellow in Norway Association for Media Education, Oslo (1995), Central European University (Budapest, 1998, 2006), Kassel University (2000), Maison des sciences de l'homme, Paris (2002, 2009), Kennan Institute, Washington D.C. (2003), Humboldt University, Berlin (2005), University of Mainz  (2010),  Johann Wolfgang Goethe Universität Frankfurt am Main (2014).
<Werner_Dahm>	1941–1945: Peenemünde1947–1956: Ordnance Corps1956–1960: ABMA1960–2006: MSFCParents: Anton Dahm and Maria MorkramerSpouse: Kaethe Elizabeth Maxelon (1955), Nell Sheppard Carr (1981)Children: Stephan, Werner J A, Martin, & Thomas
<Israel_national_under-21_football_team>	The Israel national under-21 football team (Hebrew: הנבחרת הצעירה של ישראל בכדורגל) is the national under-21 football team of Israel and is controlled by the Israel Football Association (IFA). It is considered to be the feeder team for the senior Israel national football team.It has recently qualified for the European Championships to be held in the Netherlands after beating the French under-21 team 2–1 on aggregate.
<CD_Mirandés>	Club Deportivo Mirandés is a Spanish football team based in Miranda de Ebro, Province of Burgos, in the autonomous community of Castile and León. Founded on 3 May 1927, the club competes in the Segunda División, holding home matches at Estadio Municipal de Anduva.Mirandés' origins can be traced to the beginnings of the 20th century, with clubs such as El Deportivo Mirandés (1917), Sporting Club Mirandés (1919), Deportivo SC (1919), and Miranda Unión Club (1922) all being its predecessors. Club Deportivo was founded as such on 3 May 1927, playing its first game on 4 June in the Saint John of the Mountain Festival, against Arabarra, winning 1–0 courtesy of a Fidel Angulo goal; the team's first president was Arturo García del Río, with the organization's initial capital consisting of 666 shares of 15 pesetas each.
<Marc_Baril>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Republic_of_Ireland_national_football_team>	The Republic of Ireland national football team (Irish: Foireann peile náisiúnta Phoblacht na hÉireann) represents the Republic of Ireland in men's international football. It is governed by the Football Association of Ireland (FAI). The team made their debut at the 1924 Summer Olympics, reaching the quarter-finals. Between 1924 and 1936, the team competed as the Irish Free State and from then until 1950, it was referred to by the FAI as Éire or Ireland. During the same period, another Ireland team also existed; this was overseen by the Irish Football Association (IFA) and had previously been the sole national team for the entire island of Ireland. In 1953, FIFA decreed that for competitive matches in tournaments that both Irish teams could enter, the FAI team would be officially called Republic of Ireland while the IFA team was to be named Northern Ireland. Northern Ireland was allowed to keep using the title Ireland by FIFA in the British Home Championship (which was discontinued in 1984). The Republic of Ireland was the first nation from outside the United Kingdom to defeat England at home, in a fixture played at Goodison Park, Liverpool, in 1949. The team reached the quarter-final stage of the 1964 European Nations' Cup, where they lost to the eventual champions Spain.
<Robert_H._Dicke>	Robert Henry Dicke (/ˈdɪki/; May 6, 1916 – March 4, 1997) was an American astronomer and physicist who made important contributions to the fields of astrophysics, atomic physics, cosmology and gravity. He was the Albert Einstein Professor in Science at Princeton University (1975–1984).Born in St. Louis, Missouri, Dicke completed his bachelor's degree at Princeton University and his doctorate, in 1939, from the University of Rochester in nuclear physics. During the Second World War he worked in the Radiation Laboratory at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology where he worked on the development of radar and designed the Dicke radiometer, a microwave receiver. He used this to set a limit on the temperature of the microwave background radiation, from the roof of the Radiation Laboratory, of less than 20 kelvins.
<John_T._Riedl>	John Thomas Riedl (January 16, 1962 – July 15, 2013) was an American computer scientist and the McKnight Distinguished Professor at the University of Minnesota. His published works include highly influential research on the social web, recommendation systems, and collaborative systems.John Riedl received his B.S. in Mathematics from the University of Notre Dame in 1983 and his M.S. in Computer Science from Purdue University in 1985. He completed his Ph.D. in Computer Science at Purdue University in 1990. He became an assistant professor at the University of Minnesota in 1990 and was promoted to associate professor in 1996 and again to professor in 2003.At the university, he led the GroupLens Research group. In 2012 he was awarded the McKnight Distinguished Professor position. During his time as a professor he advised 16 Ph.D. students who went on to take faculty positions and work at technology companies like Google, PARC, Intel, eBay, and the Wikimedia Foundation. He was also the faculty advisor for a long-running project in which twelve undergraduates each year would hone their entrepreneurial and software-development skills by taking charge of the development and maintenance of Chipmark, an online bookmark-sharing service.
<Female_Serial_Killers>	Female Serial Killers: How and Why Women Become Monsters  is a non-fiction true crime history by Peter Vronsky, a criminal justice historian. It surveys the history of female serial killers and female-perpetrated serial homicide and its culture, psychopathology, and investigation from the Roman Empire to the mid 2000s.The book describes historical cases of female-perpetrated serial murder from early recorded instances in ancient Rome to medieval and Renaissance Europe and Victorian Britain and its rise and escalation in the United States and the world in the postmodern era. Vronsky's central contention is that female serial killers, while exhibiting different forensic 'signatures' from male counterparts, inevitably kill for the same reasons that male offenders do: for power and control. The major difference, according to Vronsky, between female and male serial killers is that females (unless partnered with a male offender) tend not to sexually assault or physically mutilate their victims.Vronsky cites statistics indicating that nearly one in six (16 percent) of serial killers apprehended in the United States since 1820 was a female, either acting alone or as a partner of a male or female offender. Vronsky argues that, contrary to popular belief, female serial killers prefer to murder their male intimates or family members, while recent data indicate that currently female serial killers marginally prefer strangers as victims and that historically in the United States, 53 percent of female serial killers had murdered at least one adult female, and 32 percent at least one female child.
<Artisan_Entertainment>	Artisan Entertainment (formerly known as U.S.A. Home Video, International Video Entertainment (IVE) and LIVE Entertainment) was an American film studio and home video company. It was considered one of the largest mini-major film studios until it was purchased by later mini-major film studio Lions Gate Entertainment in 2003. At the time of its acquisition, Artisan had a library of thousands of films developed through acquisition, original production, and production and distribution agreements. Its headquarters and private screening room were located in Santa Monica, California. It also had an office in Tribeca in Manhattan, New York.The company owned the home video rights to the film libraries of Republic Pictures, ITC Entertainment, EMI Films, Gladden Entertainment, Miramax Films, Hemdale Film Corporation, The Shooting Gallery, and Carolco Pictures before it went defunct.
<Julie_Bishop_(actress)>	Julie Bishop (born Jacqueline Brown; August 30, 1914 – August 30, 2001), previously known as Jacqueline Wells, was an American film and television actress. She appeared in more than 80 films between 1923 and 1957.Julie Bishop was born Jacqueline Brown in Denver, Colorado on August 30, 1914. She used the family name Wells professionally through 1941, and also appeared on stage (and in one film) as Diane Duval. She was a child actress, beginning her career in 1923, in either Children of Jazz or Maytime (sources are contradictory).
<Sunil_Dutt>	Sunil Dutt (born Balraj Dutt; 6 June 1929 — 25 May 2005) was an Indian actor, film producer, director and politician. Dutt was one of the major stars of Hindi cinema in the late 1950s and 1960s and continued to star in many successful films which included Mother India (1957) Sadhna (1958),  Insan Jaag Utha (1959), Sujata (1959), Mujhe Jeene Do (1963),  Gumraah (1963), Waqt (1965), Khandan (1965), Mera Saaya (1966) and Padosan (1967),  and Hamraaz (1967), Heera (1973), Pran Jaye Par Vachan Na Jaye (1974), Nagin (1976), Jaani Dushman  (1979), Muqabla (1979), and Shaan (1980). In 1968, he was honoured by the Padma Shri by the Government of India. He is the father of popular actor Sanjay Dutt.In 1984 he joined the Indian National Congress party and was elected to the Parliament of India for five terms from the constituency of Mumbai North West. He was the Minister of Youth Affairs and Sports in the Manmohan Singh government (2004–2005) and also a former Sheriff of Mumbai.
<Heike_Kamerlingh_Onnes>	Heike Kamerlingh Onnes (21 September 1853 – 21 February 1926) was a Dutch physicist and Nobel laureate. He exploited the Hampson–Linde cycle to investigate how materials behave when cooled to nearly absolute zero and later to liquefy helium for the first time, in 1908. He also discovered superconductivity in 1911.Kamerlingh Onnes was born in Groningen, Netherlands. His father, Harm Kamerlingh Onnes, was a brickworks owner. His mother was Anna Gerdina Coers of Arnhem.
<Monde_Nissin>	Monde Nissin Corporation is a Philippine food and beverage company with a portfolio of brands across instant noodles, biscuits, baked goods, culinary aids and alternative meat products categories, including Lucky Me!, SkyFlakes, Fita, M.Y. San Grahams and Nissin. Monde Nissin also sells its alternative meat products globally under Quorn Foods and the Quorn brand.Since 2000, Monde Nissin has been consistently included in the top 50 corporations in the Philippines based on gross revenues.On March 4, 2021, Monde Nissin filed for registration application with the Philippine Securities and Exchange Commission for an initial public offering of its common shares.
<Glenn_T._Seaborg_Medal>	The Glenn T. Seaborg Medal was first awarded in 1987 by the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), Department of Chemistry & Biochemistry to Nobel Prize–winning chemist Glenn T. Seaborg, a UCLA alumnus. The purpose of the award is to honor persons who have made exceptional scientific contributions in the fields of chemistry or biochemistry. It is awarded annually by an executive committee of the UCLA Department of Chemistry & Biochemistry.Source: MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology
<Shirley_Simons>	Thomas Shirley Simons, Sr. (March 12, 1897 – August 1, 1963), commonly known as Shirley Simons was a prominent architect of Tyler, Texas.  He was born in 1897 at Taylor, Texas, and raised in Fort Worth, Texas.  He graduated from Rice Institute in 1919 with a Bachelor of Science in architecture.  He also served in the field artillery during World War I from September through November 1918.After practicing with William Ward Watkin in Houston, Simons moved to Lufkin, Texas in 1922 where he established his own architecture practice.  In the late 1920s, he moved his architectural practice to Tyler, Texas.  He remained active as an architect in Tyler until his death in 1963.  Shirley's three sons (T. Shirley Simons, Jr., Edwin Simons, and Watson Townes Simons) later joined his architectural practice.A number of Simons' works, including the Tyler City Hall, San Augustine County Courthouse and Jail, and Austin Daily Tribune Building, are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
<Ursula_Kuczynski>	Ursula Kuczynski (15 May 1907 – 7 July 2000), also known as Ruth Werner, Ursula Beurton and Ursula Hamburger, was a German Communist activist who spied for the Soviet Union during the 1930s and 1940s, most famously as the handler of nuclear scientist Klaus Fuchs. She moved to East Germany in 1950 when Fuchs was unmasked, and published a series of books related to her espionage activities, including her bestselling autobiography, Sonjas Rapport.Sources concerned with her espionage work in the 1930s/40s sometimes use the cover name originally suggested to her in Shanghai by her fellow intelligence operative Richard Sorge: "Sonja", "Sonja Schultz" or, after she moved to Britain, "Sonya".
<Innsbruck>	Innsbruck (German: [ˈɪnsbʁʊk] (listen); Austro-Bavarian: Innschbruck [ˈɪnʃprʊk]) is the capital of Tyrol and the fifth-largest city in Austria. On the River Inn, at its junction with the Wipp Valley, which provides access to the Brenner Pass 30 km (18.6 mi) to the south, it had a population of 132,493 in 2018.In the broad valley between high mountains, the so-called North Chain in the Karwendel Alps (Hafelekarspitze, 2,334 metres or 7,657 feet) to the north and Patscherkofel (2,246 m or 7,369 ft) and Serles (2,718 m or 8,917 ft) to the south, Innsbruck is an internationally renowned winter sports centre; it hosted the 1964 and 1976 Winter Olympics as well as the 1984 and 1988 Winter Paralympics. It also hosted the first Winter Youth Olympics in 2012. The name means "bridge over the Inn".The earliest traces suggest initial inhabitation in the early Stone Age. Surviving pre-Roman place names show that the area has been populated continuously. In the 4th century the Romans established the army station Veldidena (the name survives in today's urban district Wilten) at Oenipons (Innsbruck), to protect the economically important commercial road from Verona-Brenner-Augsburg in their province of Raetia.
<Curtis_Obeng>	Curtis Obeng (born 14 February 1989) is an English professional footballer who plays as a right-back for United of Manchester. He previously played for Manchester City, Wrexham, Swansea City, Fleetwood Town, York City, Stevenage, Newport County, Macclesfield Town, Altrincham, Solihull Moors, Nuneaton Borough and Macclesfield F.C.Obeng was born in Stretford, Greater Manchester. He is of Ghanaian descent.
<Bill_Treacher>	William Charles Treacher (4 June 1930 – 5 November 2022) was an English actor. He was best known for portraying the role of Arthur Fowler in the BBC One soap opera EastEnders from 1985 to 1996, having been the first person to be cast for the show.Treacher was born in Dagenham, one of eight children (six boys and two girls) of roofer and tiler William Perks Treacher and Minnie (née Chappell). He grew up in Hackney, Bethnal Green, Mile End, and Waltham Cross, and was evacuated to Gloucestershire during the Second World War. He attended Kings Road JMI School in Waltham Cross and worked as a porter at Waltham Cross station. After his national service in the Royal Air Force, he worked for four years as a steward with P&O, where he saved enough money to attend drama school.
<Andrey_Kolmogorov>	Andrey Nikolaevich Kolmogorov (Russian: Андре́й Никола́евич Колмого́ров, IPA: [ɐnˈdrʲej nʲɪkɐˈlajɪvʲɪtɕ kəlmɐˈɡorəf] (listen), 25 April 1903 – 20 October 1987) was a Soviet mathematician who contributed to the mathematics of probability theory, topology, intuitionistic logic, turbulence, classical mechanics, algorithmic information theory and computational complexity.Andrey Kolmogorov was born in Tambov, about 500 kilometers south-southeast of Moscow, in 1903. His unmarried mother, Maria Y. Kolmogorova, died giving birth to him. Andrey was raised by two of his aunts in Tunoshna (near Yaroslavl) at the estate of his grandfather, a well-to-do nobleman.Little is known about Andrey's father. He was supposedly named Nikolai Matveevich Kataev and had been an agronomist. Kataev had been exiled from St. Petersburg to the Yaroslavl province after his participation in the revolutionary movement against the tsars. He disappeared in 1919 and was presumed to have been killed in the Russian Civil War.
<Heavy_Iron_Studios>	Heavy Iron Studios, Inc. is an American video game developer based in Manhattan Beach, California. The studio was founded within THQ in August 1999 after the publisher acquired Steve Gray's Chemistry Entertainment. As part of a series of cost reductions within THQ, Heavy Iron Studios was spun off as an independent company in June 2009. Keywords Studios acquired the developer in January 2021.Early in his career, Steve Gray worked for the visual effects companies Robert Abel and Associates, Rhythm & Hues, and Digital Domain. As Digital Domain was trying to get into the video game industry, Gray and the company's chief financial officer, Chris McKibbin, pitched their services to various larger video game companies. Although they were turned down due to Digital Domain's lack of experience in the field, Gray and McKibbin were offered positions at the game developer EA Canada, which both accepted. Gray quickly discovered the studio's sports games and quickly switched to Square USA, where he managed the development team for Parasite Eve. As the game was finished, Gray and several of the game's developers believed they could easily obtain publishing contracts from outside companies if they set up their own studio. In 1997, Gray established Chemistry Entertainment. The studio worked on several unreleased games, including a Godzilla game for Electronic Arts. Chemistry Entertainment was briefly part of Rainmaker Entertainment Group, which also housed Rainmaker Digital Effects, as Rainmaker Interactive. Eventually, the studio landed a deal with THQ for a game based on the Evil Dead franchise. Gray sold his studio to THQ, which then established Heavy Iron Studios as an internal developer on August 31, 1999. The finished game, Evil Dead: Hail to the King, was released in late 2000.
<Jan_Wilsgaard>	Jan Wilsgaard (23 January 1930 – 6 August 2016) was the Chief Designer at Volvo Cars from 1950–1990, having studied at the Gothenburg School of Applied Arts (now HDK, Högskolan för Design och Konsthantverk, at the University of Gothenburg) before joining Volvo when co-founder Assar Gabrielsson still headed the company.Wilsgaard was one of twenty-five designers nominated for Car Designer of the Century, and was followed at Volvo by the noted designer Peter Horbury.As Chief Designer, Wilsgaard designed all Volvo's projects during his tenure, with few exceptions (e.g., the Volvo P1900 Sport and P1800 Coupe). One of Wilsgaard's first jobs was to design better rear windows for the PV Duett Van, a prophetic project, given that Wilsgaard went on to design the estate versions of the company's Amazon, 145, 760 and 850 Series — during a period which saw Volvo become closely associated with the station wagon / estate body type.
<Igors_Labuts>	Igors Labuts (born 7 June 1990), is a Latvian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for the Latvian First League club FC New Project.Born in Daugavpils, Labuts career started in Ditton Daugavpils, being a member of the youth system since 2002. After five years, in 2007, at the age of 16, he was invited to join the Latvian Higher League newcomers Blāzma Rēzekne. Initially, he was the club's third-choice keeper, later that season he became the second choice. Labuts made his debut for Blāzma on 8 November 2008 in a 2-2 draw against Vindava Ventspils for the Latvian First League. 
<Swapnatirtha>	Swapnatirtha (Gujarati: સ્વપ્નતીર્થ) is a Gujarati novel by Radheshyam Sharma. It was published in 1979 and made a great impact on Gujarati novels.It is the story of an adolescent gullible boy Navin who being a religious one, pilgrims with a congregation on foot to a shrine of Vaishnava cult. His father Mathurdas's death is doubtful and his mother Shanta is illicitly connected with another two persons, first is his uncle Vinayak kaka, who visit their home frequently and second is Dharmaguru Ghanshyam Maharaj. These are the essential elements that interlace the plot of father-son relationship in the end. A dream follows the descriptions of each day in the diary.The novel runs on three levels: the subtle voice of the narrator, image-full dream sequence of the young boy and the flat monotonous repetitive and school-age tone of his diary. The techniques of dream sequence and dream vision are used in this novel.The prose of the novel is rough and boring.
<Jason_Jones_(actor)>	Jason Pierre Jones (born June 3, 1967) is a Canadian-American actor, comedian and writer. He was a correspondent on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart from 2005 to 2015. From 2016 to 2019 Jones starred in the TBS comedy series The Detour, which he created with his wife Samantha Bee.Jones was born and raised in Hamilton, Ontario. He attended Hill Park Secondary School and then Ryerson Theatre School in Toronto. He is married to Samantha Bee, the host of Full Frontal with Samantha Bee and fellow former The Daily Show correspondent; they have three children: daughter Piper Bee-Jones (born 2006), son Fletcher Bee-Jones (born 2008), and daughter Ripley Bee-Jones (born 2010). In 2014, he became a United States citizen.
<East_of_Eden_(novel)>	East of Eden is a novel by American author and Nobel Prize winner John Steinbeck. Published in September 1952, the work is regarded by many to be Steinbeck's most ambitious novel and by Steinbeck himself to be his magnum opus. Steinbeck stated about East of Eden: "It has everything in it I have been able to learn about my craft or profession in all these years," and later said: "I think everything else I have written has been, in a sense, practice for this." The novel was originally addressed to Steinbeck's young sons, Thom and John (then 61⁄2 and 41⁄2 years old, respectively). Steinbeck wanted to describe the Salinas Valley for them in detail: the sights, sounds, smells and colors.East of Eden brings to life the intricate details of two families, the Trasks and the Hamiltons, and their interwoven stories. The Hamilton family in the novel is said to be based on the real-life family of Samuel Hamilton, Steinbeck's maternal grandfather. A young John Steinbeck also appears briefly in the novel as a minor character.The story is primarily set in the Salinas Valley, California, between the beginning of the twentieth century and the end of World War I, though some chapters are set in Connecticut and Massachusetts, and the story goes as far back as the American Civil War.
<Old_State_House_(Boston)>	The Old State House is a historic building in Boston, Massachusetts.  Built in 1713, it was the seat of the Massachusetts General Court until 1798. It is located at the intersection of Washington and State streets, and is one of the oldest public buildings in the United States.One of the landmarks on Boston's Freedom Trail, it is the oldest surviving public building in Boston, and now serves as a history museum that, through 2019, was operated by the Bostonian Society. On January 1, 2020, the Bostonian Society merged with the Old South Association in Boston to form Revolutionary Spaces. The Old State House was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1960 and a Boston Landmark by the Boston Landmarks Commission in 1994.
<France_national_under-20_football_team>	The France national under-20 football team (French: Équipe de France des moins de 20 ans de football) represents France in men's international football at this age level and is controlled by the French Football Federation. Since there is no under-20 UEFA tournament, the team competes for the FIFA U-20 World Cup. The under-20 team also participates in the Toulon Tournament, usually replacing the under-21 team, and in the football tournaments of the Mediterranean Games and the Jeux de la Francophonie.France were the world champions, winning the 2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup. The team reached the semifinals for the first time in their history in 2011, and they have also made it to the quarterfinals in two occasions, in 1997 and 2001.
<Friedrich_Geiger>	Friedrich Geiger (24 November 1907 – 13 June 1996) was a German automobile designer whose most notable cars, the pre-World War II Mercedes-Benz 540K and post-war Mercedes-Benz 300SL, are among the most highly regarded in automotive history.Born in Süßen in the Swabian region of southern Germany, Geiger originally trained as a cartwright, before studying as a design engineer at University prior to joining Daimler-Benz in April 1933. He began in the special vehicles manufacturing department, where, in the 1930s, he was responsible for the 500K and 540K sports cars.Geiger left Daimler-Benz in April 1948, but returned to the company two years later, this time as a test engineer in the styling department. He became head of styling within a few years, after designing the 300SL gullwing coupé, named one of the ten greatest Mercedes ever built and one of the 25 greatest cars of the 20th century.
<Redeye_(comics)>	Redeye is a comic strip created by cartoonist Gordon Bess that was syndicated by King Features Syndicate to more than 100 newspapers. The strip debuted on September 11, 1967, and ran until July 13, 2008.Bess wrote and drew the strip from 1967 until 1988, when he was forced by illness to pass it on to Bill Yates (writing) and Mel Casson (artwork). Casson took over both roles in 1999 when Bill Yates became ill. Yates died in 2001. Casson continued the strip alone from 1999 until his own death in May 2008. Casson was not replaced, and publication ended as submitted material ran out. The strip came to an end on July 13, 2008.In recent years, a small number of newspapers have been carrying the strip on Sundays only, reprinting from the 1988-99 Yates/Casson era.
<Sidney_Homer>	Sidney Homer, Sr. (9 December 1864 – 10 July 1953) was a classical composer, primarily of songs.Homer was the youngest child born to deaf parents in Boston, Massachusetts on December 9, 1864 (some sources use 1865). He attended the 1884 class of Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts, but did not attend college, although he studied composition with George Whitefield Chadwick and with Josef Rheinberger in Munich. He married contralto Louise Dilworth Beatty in 1895. Sidney and Louise had six children, including twin daughters Anne Homer and Kathryn Homer, son Sidney Homer, Jr. (economist and author), and daughter Louise Homer. 
<Julie_Benz>	Julie Benz (born May 1, 1972) l is an American actress. She is known for her roles as Darla on Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel (1997–2004), and as Rita Bennett on Dexter (2006–2010), for which she won the 2006 Satellite Award for Best Supporting Actress and the 2009 Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress.Benz has also starred in the television series Roswell (1999–2000), Desperate Housewives (2010), No Ordinary Family (2010–2011), A Gifted Man (2011–2012), Defiance (2013–2015), Hawaii Five-0 (2015–2017), Training Day (2017) and Love, Victor (2021).
<Queenie_Leonard>	Queenie Leonard (born Pearl Walker; 18 February 1905 – 17 January 2002) was a British actress. She was the last surviving cast member of And Then There Were None (1945) until her death in 2002.She was born as Pearl Walker in Manchester, Lancashire, England in 1905 and began performing on stage with her father when she was 14 years old. She debuted on film in 1931. She had already amassed 20 years of stage and screen experience when, in 1941, she made the first of more than 30 Hollywood films. She also appeared in cabaret in Britain and in the United States, starred in a one-woman show, acted in television sitcoms, and provided voices for Disney animated films. She retired in 1966. Her last appearance was in 20th Century Fox's Doctor Dolittle.
<Housekeeping_(novel)>	Housekeeping is a 1980 novel by Marilynne Robinson. The novel was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and awarded the PEN/Hemingway Award for best first novel.In 2003, Guardian Unlimited named Housekeeping one of the 100 greatest novels of all time, describing the book as "Haunting, poetic story, drowned in water and light, about three generations of women". Time magazine also included the novel in its Time 100 Best English-language Novels from 1923 to 2005.Ruthie narrates the story of how she and her younger sister Lucille are raised by a succession of relatives in the fictional town of Fingerbone, Idaho (some details are similar to Robinson's hometown, Sandpoint, Idaho, particularly the presence of a major rail bridge and direct rail links to Spokane and Montana). Eventually their aunt Sylvie (who has been living as a transient) comes to take care of them. At first the three are a close knit group, but as Lucille grows up she comes to dislike their eccentric lifestyle and moves out. When Ruthie's well-being is questioned by the courts, Sylvie returns to life on the road and takes Ruthie with her.
<A.D._Ovarense>	Associação Desportiva Ovarense commonly known as simply as Ovarense is a Portuguese sports club from the city of Ovar, Aveiro. The club was founded on 19 December 1921. It currently plays at the Estádio Marques da Silva which they have played in since 1954. The stadium also plays host to the club's reserve and youth teams. As a club it is well known for its basketball team who have won nineteen major trophies since their establishment in 1970. The club currently competes in the AF Aveiro Second Division following a seventh-place finish in the 2011–12 AF Aveiro Second Division season.Ovarense was one of the founding members of the Aveiro Football Association along with Anadia, Beira-Mar, Bustelo, Clube dos Galitos, Espinho, Fogueirese, Paços Brandão, Sanjoanense, SC Oliveirense, Sociedade Recreio Artístico and UD Oliveirense. The association was founded on 22 September 1924. The club has played on various occasions in the Liga de Honra, Segunda Divisão and the Terceira Divisão. Their most recent Liga de Honra appearance came in the 2005–06 Liga de Honra season. Shortly after, serious financial problems led to the team's demotion to the fifth level of national football.
<Josiah_Francis>	Sir Josiah Francis (28 March 1890 – 22 February 1964) was an Australian politician who served in the House of Representatives from 1922 to 1955. He was a minister in the Lyons and Menzies governments, serving as Minister in charge of War Service Homes (1932–34), Minister for the Army (1949–55), and Minister for the Navy (1949–51; 1954–55). He held his defence portfolios during Australia's involvement in the Korean War.Francis was born on 28 March 1890 in Ipswich, Queensland. He was the son of Ada Florence (née Hooper) and Henry Alfred Francis, his father working as a draper. He was educated at Christian Brothers' College, Ipswich, before joining the Queensland Department of Justice as a clerk in 1908. Francis was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Australian Imperial Force (AIF) in 1916. He served with the 15th Battalion in France from April 1917 and was wounded in the shoulder in March 1918, rejoining his unit in September after several months in hospital. He was promoted captain in November before being discharged in Australia in September 1919. Francis became prominent in the Returned Sailors' and Soldiers' Imperial League of Australia, serving as president of the Ipswich sub-branch and Moreton district division.
<Southern_Championship_Wrestling_(Georgia)>	Southern Championship Wrestling (SCW) was a professional wrestling promotion that was founded in Marietta, Georgia by Jerry Blackwell and operated from 1988 to 1990, and was continued by his successor, Joe Pedicino, who ran the promotion as Georgia All-Star Wrestling for another year.Though short-lived, the group showcased some of the top talent from the American Wrestling Association and National Wrestling Alliance as well as notable on-air talent including Pedicino, Rick Stewart, Rhubarb Jones, Paul Heyman, and booker Buck Robley. It was one of the top independent organizations in Georgia during the late-1980s, rivaling Jody Hamilton's Deep South Wrestling, and the state's last territory-era promotion prior to the collapse of the NWA territory system.Southern Championship Wrestling was established in Georgia by Jerry Blackwell in early 1988. Blackwell, then a star in American Wrestling Association, had run shows under the "AWA Georgia" banner the previous year using talent from the AWA. One of its biggest shows was held at the Cobb Civic Center in Marietta and was headlined by Blackwell, Wahoo McDaniel, Sgt. Slaughter, The Iron Sheik, Curt Hennig, Jerry "The King" Lawler, and The Midnight Express (Dennis Condrey and Randy Rose). Condrey and Rose were scheduled to appear in SCW as the AWA World Tag Team Champions, however, the angle was dropped when Condrey was unable to appear. His place was taken by Comrade Busich and introduced by their manager, Paul E. Dangerously, as "Ravishing Randy and Comrade Busich, the substitute Midnight Express."
<Josh_Singer>	Josh Singer (born 1972) is an American screenwriter and producer. He is best known for writing The Fifth Estate (2013), Spotlight (2015), The Post (2017) and First Man (2018). He won the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for Spotlight and was nominated for the Golden Globe for Best Screenplay for Spotlight and The Post.Singer was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and was raised Jewish. His father was born Jewish, and his mother converted to Judaism (she herself was born to a Jewish father and a Catholic mother). Singer attended Upper Dublin High School in Fort Washington, Pennsylvania, where he appeared in musicals and was a member of math club, drama club, video club, and chorus. In high school, he was elected class treasurer, wrote for the school newspaper, and played for the school's baseball team. Singer won many awards, including the Upper Dublin Medal, science competition and literary prizes, and was co-winner of the school district's highest award. In his senior year, he was named class valedictorian, a Presidential Scholar and a National Merit Scholar.Singer graduated magna cum laude from Yale University, with distinction in mathematics and economics. At Yale, he was a member and business manager of both The Whiffenpoofs and The Yale Alley Cats. Three to four months prior to going to graduate school, he worked for Children's Television Workshop (the name, at that time, of the production company for the TV show "Sesame Street",) and then began doing internships. He did an internship for Nickelodeon in New York and an internship for Disney Channel out in L.A., working for Roy Price at Disney TV Animation for four or five weeks. As a result, he developed an interest in script writing.    He worked as a business analyst for McKinsey & Company before obtaining a J.D. from Harvard Law School and an MBA from Harvard Business School.
<Norah,_Lady_Docker>	Norah Royce Docker, Lady Docker (née Turner; 23 June 1906 – 11 December 1983) was an English socialite. A dance hostess at a club in her youth, she married three times, on each occasion to an executive of a business that sold luxury goods. Her third marriage, to Sir Bernard Docker, the chairman of Birmingham Small Arms Company (BSA) and its subsidiary, Daimler, was notable for the couple's extravagant lifestyle. This was often funded by tax writeoffs and company expenditure that could not be legitimately defended, which led to Sir Bernard's removal from BSA's board of directors.[citation needed]
<Joan_Howard_Maurer>	Joan Howard Maurer (April 2, 1927 – September 21, 2021) was an American writer and actress, and the daughter of Moe Howard of The Three Stooges. She wrote several books on the Three Stooges and had several roles as a supporting actress during the Golden Age of Hollywood.In the 1980s, Maurer helped to raise funds for a cancer center dedicated to her father at the City of Hope National Medical Center by providing his autographs as incentives for donors to the facility in Duarte, California. After she discovered about 4,000 cancelled checks that had been signed by Howard, she offered to give one of the checks to each donor who gave $10 or more to the center.
<Ming-Na_Wen>	Ming-Na Wen (Chinese: 溫明娜; born November 20, 1963) is an American actress and model. She is best known for voicing Mulan in the animated film Mulan and its sequel and for portraying Melinda May / The Cavalry in Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. (2013–2020). She was named TVLine's Performer of the Week for her work in the episode, "Melinda".Wen made her breakthrough in The Joy Luck Club (1993) as June Woo. She also played Dr. Jing-Mei "Deb" Chen in the medical drama series ER (1995–2004). She has also reprised the role as Mulan in the video game Kingdom Hearts II (2005), Sofia the First (2014), and Ralph Breaks the Internet (2018). Additionally, Wen made a cameo appearance in the live-action remake of Mulan (2020). She played Fennec Shand in the Star Wars franchise such as The Mandalorian (2019–2020), The Bad Batch (2021) and The Book of Boba Fett (2021–2022).
<Samuel_Mauger>	Samuel Mauger (pronounced "major"; 12 November 1857 – 26 June 1936) was an Australian social reformer and politician. He served in the Victorian Legislative Assembly (1900–1901) and the Australian House of Representatives (1901–1910), including as Postmaster-General in the Deakin Government (1907–1908). He championed a number of political causes, including workers' rights, protectionism and temperance.Mauger was born in Geelong, Victoria, son of immigrants from Guernsey, Channel Islands, Samuel Mauger Senior and Caroline née Liz who migrated to Australia in the 1850s. Mauger junior was educated at the Geelong National School, but left school early to become an errand boy for a hat maker when his father contracted rheumatic fever. Mauger later owned the hat manufacturing business. Mauger was a Bible class teacher at St Mark's Church of England in Fitzroy. He later became the Sunday-school superintendent at St Paul's Congregational Church in North Fitzroy. On 13 May 1880, Mauger married Hanna Rice, whom he had met at St Mark's; they eventually had four sons and four daughters.
<Postal_(video_game_series)>	Postal is a shooter game franchise created by Running with Scissors known for its excessive violence and controversial content. Nearly each game is set in a different genre; Postal is isometric, Postal 2 is a first-person shooter, Postal III is a third-person shooter and various spin-off titles were in genres such as top-down shooter. A film adaptation simply titled Postal was also produced by German director Uwe Boll.A film adaptation of the Postal series was directed and co-written by Uwe Boll. Though the film shares the title of the first Postal video game, it is more heavily drawn from the sequel, Postal 2. New characters are introduced in the film, such as Faith (Jackie Tohn), a young barista who joins the Postal Dude in his adventure, and former U.S. president George W. Bush (Brent Mendenhall).
<Rosa_Carmina>	Rosa Carmina Riverón Jiménez (born November 19, 1929) is a Cuban-Mexican actress and dancer.She was discovered in Cuba by the Spanish filmmaker Juan Orol, and made her debut in Mexican cinema in Orol's film A Woman from the East in 1946. She quickly achieved great popularity in the Mexico thanks to her talent, demeanor, and unconventional stature (being very tall for an actresses of the time). For several years, she was part of the film crew of Juan Orol in his best gangster films. Among these are the classic Gangsters Versus Cowboys (1948), considered one of the best Mexican films and considered a cult film in several film clubs around the world. Additionally, Rosa Carmina was one of the principal stars of the Rumberas film of the Golden Age of Mexican cinema in the 1940s and 1950s. Among her principal Rumberas films are Tania, the Beautiful Wild Girl (1947), Wild Love (1949), In the Flesh (1951), Voyager (1952) and Sandra, the Woman of Fire (1954), among others. In her versatile career, Rosa Carmina has worked in various film genres, as well as theater and television. In the 1980s and 1990s she appeared in some Mexican telenovelas. Thanks to her film collaboration with Orol, she was known as The Queen of the Gangsters of Mexican cinema. She is also known under the name Her Majesty The Rumba.Rosa Carmina Riverón Jimenez was born in Havana, Cuba on November 19, 1929. Daughter of Juán Bruno Riverón and Encarnacion Jimenez and the youngest of four brothers. From an early age she showed interest in dancing, and studied at the School of Dance in Cuba. In 1946 the famous Spanish producer, director and film actor Juan Orol divorced the Cuban rumbera María Antonieta Pons, ending their film collaboration in the Mexican Cinema. Orol then traveled to Cuba to search for a new star for his films. He launched a competition in Havana where about five hundred girls attended (among the contestants were the future stars Ninón Sevilla and Mary Esquivel). He was unable to find an actress to play the character of a Japanese spy in the film A Woman from the East, so he decided to return to Mexico. However, Orol unexpectedly received a call from Enrique Brion, his agent in Cuba. Brion had come by invitation to the graduation celebration  of Juanita Riverón, Rosa's sister, where he heard Rosa Carmina sing. Brion told Orol about his discovery. Upon meeting Rosa the next day, Orol claimed to have felt a great emotion, and thought to himself: She is the Woman from the East.
<Robin_Padilla>	Robinhood Ferdinand Cariño Padilla (Tagalog pronunciation: [kaˈriɲo paˈdiʎa]; born November 23, 1969), known professionally as Robin Padilla, is a Filipino politician, television personality, martial artist, actor and director currently serving as a Senator of the Philippines since June 30, 2022. He is known as the "Bad Boy" of Philippine cinema for portraying anti-hero gangster roles in films such as Anak ni Baby Ama (1990), Grease Gun Gang (1992), Bad Boy (1990), and Bad Boy 2 (1992). He has also been dubbed the "Prince of Action" in Philippine cinema.Padilla placed first in the 2022 Senate election, garnering 27 million votes. He assumed office in the Senate on June 30, 2022, becoming the first Muslim senator of the Philippines since Santanina Rasul, who served in the Senate until 1995.
<Bebe_Moore_Campbell>	Bebe Moore Campbell (February 18, 1950 – November 27, 2006) was an American author, journalist and teacher. Campbell was the author of three New York Times bestsellers: Brothers and Sisters, Singing in the Comeback Choir, and What You Owe Me, which was also a Los Angeles Times "Best Book of 2001". Her other works include the novel Your Blues Ain't Like Mine, which was a New York Times Notable Book of the Year and the winner of the NAACP Image Award for Literature; her memoir, Sweet Summer: Growing Up With and Without My Dad; and her first nonfiction book, Successful Women, Angry Men: Backlash in the Two-Career Marriage. Her essays, articles, and excerpts appear in many anthologies.Born Elizabeth Bebe Moore, an only child, and reared in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, she graduated from the Philadelphia High School for Girls and earned a Bachelor of Science degree in elementary education from the University of Pittsburgh. She was an honorary member of Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority.Campbell's works of fiction would often relay the harmful impact that racism would inflict on individuals and their relationships. In 1992 Campbell's would release her first, and most critically acclaimed novel, Your Blues Ain't Like Mine, which was described as one of the most influential books of 1992 by The New York Times Magazine. This book, which was inspired by the murder of Emmett Till in 1955, describes the impacts of this senseless crime experienced by the victim's family. Campbell, inspired by the Rodney King beating and the subsequent Los Angeles riots, wrote her second novel titled, Brothers and Sisters. This novel would be named as a The New York Times Magazine best seller just two weeks after its release in 1994.
<Renault_Laguna>	The Renault Laguna is a large family car that was manufactured and marketed by Renault for 21 years in three body styles: hatchback, coupé, and estate. The first generation Laguna was launched in 1994, the second generation was introduced in 2000, and the third generation was built from October 2007 until 2015.The production Renault passenger models are unrelated to the concept car of the same name, the Laguna, a two seater roadster presented by the automaker during the 1990 Paris Motor Show. The name was also previously used from 1973 to 1976 by Chevrolet, for a top-of-the-line Chevelle model, the Chevrolet Chevelle Laguna.With development underway from 1987, design work under Patrick Le Quément began in 1988, with a final design approval in March 1989, and a design freeze by the beginning of 1990. Road testing commenced in 1991 and continued through 1993. The first generation Renault Laguna was unveiled in November 1993, and launched in January 1994, as a replacement for the Renault 21, initially coming as a hatchback only.
<Hampton_&_Richmond_Borough_F.C.>	Hampton & Richmond Borough Football Club is an English semi-professional football club based in the suburb of Hampton, in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames. They were founded in 1921 and formerly known as Hampton FC until 1999 when they changed their name in an attempt to draw a wider support base from around the borough. As of the 2021–22 season, they compete in the National League South, at the sixth tier of English football.Hampton & Richmond Borough remains the only senior-level football club to represent the borough of Richmond upon Thames, but arguably struggles in attendance due to the popularity of rugby union in the borough. The club has a core support base of around 600 to 800 people. Before the start of the 2022/23 season, a new badge was revealed, which was designed by Lifelong fan Nick Taylor. There was a good response to this from many Hampton fans.
<Ferrari_F310>	The Ferrari F310, and its evolution, the F310B, were the Formula One racing cars with which the Ferrari team competed in the 1996 and 1997 seasons. It was driven in both years by Michael Schumacher and Eddie Irvine.This was the first Ferrari Formula One car to run on Shell fuel since the 1970s.The F310 proved to be a front-running car, but without the outright pace or superb reliability which led to the Williams FW18s dominating 1996.  Schumacher was able to win three Grands Prix, but the F310's shortcomings were shown by Irvine's run of eight consecutive retirements, most of them mechanical, as well as three straight double retirements. Schumacher was realistic about his aims for the season, saying that he hoped to win a few races before challenging for the title in 1997. Development also proved troublesome, with the cars having to use the 1995 car's parts early in the season whilst structural problems were cured.
<Vigor_Brown>	John Vigor Brown (18 June 1854 – 2 September 1942), known as Vigor Brown, was a New Zealand Member of Parliament for Napier, in the North Island. He was Mayor of Napier for a total of 18 years. He was a well-known figure in his adopted city, a successful businessman, and involved in many clubs and organisations.Brown was born in London in 1854. For his parents, Jessie Gilmour and John Brown, it was their third boy and last child. Both parents had Scottish ancestry. His father worked for a bank, and was later a commercial traveller. The family briefly lived in France before emigrating to Victoria, Australia. John Vigor Brown, his brothers and their mother arrived in Melbourne on 22 January 1862 on the Water Nymph. It is assumed that his father was already there. They made their home in South Yarra. He was educated at Melbourne Church of England Grammar School. James Drysdale Brown was an elder brother.
<Herbert_Barker_(golfer)>	Herbert Haydn Barker (1883 – 14 June 1924) was an English professional golfer and golf course architect who played in the early 20th century. Barker's best performance came in the 1909 U.S. Open when he tied for seventh place. He had an identical finish in the 1911 U.S. Open.Barker was born in Huddersfield, England, in 1883.
<Griffith_University>	Griffith University is a public research university in South East Queensland on the east coast of Australia. Formally founded in 1971, Griffith opened its doors in 1975, introducing Australia's first degrees in environmental science and Asian studies.The university is named after Sir Samuel Walker Griffith, who was twice Premier of Queensland and the first Chief Justice of the High Court of Australia. Sir Samuel Griffith played a major role in the Federation of Australia and was the principal author of the Australian constitution.
<Werner_Zerweck>	Werner Zerweck (14 March 1899 in Munich – 10 September 1965) was a German chemist, inventor and industrial leader, who served as CEO of the chemical and pharmaceutical company Cassella (later merged to become part of Sanofi) from 1953 to 1963. Under his leadership the company focused increasingly on pharmaceuticals and cosmetics rather than its former primary focus, dyes. He was also a member of the advisory board of Deutsche Bank from 1953. Zerweck was one of the pioneers in the development of synthetic fibers.He studied chemistry at the Technical University of Munich under the Nobel Prize-winning chemists Heinrich Otto Wieland and Hans Fischer, and obtained his doctorate in 1922 with Fischer as his doctoral advisor. He then worked for two years as Fischer's assistant, and was employed as a researcher at Cassella from 1924 after being recommended to the company by Fischer. He first worked in the research laboratory led by Arthur von Weinberg; he later worked closely with Richard Herz. In 1932 he became joint head of research together with Otto Bayer; after Otto Bayer had left Cassella to join Bayer the following year, Zerweck became Cassella's sole head of research. He received power of procuration in 1936 and became deputy head of the Cassella works in 1939. He was vice chairman of the board of directors (i.e. deputy CEO) from 1947 and chairman of the board of directors (i.e. CEO) of Cassella from 1953, and simultaneously continued to head its research activities. He was also a member of the supervisory board from 1956. He retired as CEO on 31 December 1963.In 1950, he became Honorary Professor of chemical engineering at the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg. He became a member of the advisory board of Deutsche Bank in 1953.
<Durban>	Durban (/ˈdɜːrbən/ DUR-bən) (Zulu: eThekwini, from itheku meaning 'the port' also called Zulu: eZibubulungwini for the mountain range that terminates in the area), nicknamed Durbs, is the third most populous city in South Africa after Johannesburg and Cape Town and the largest city in KwaZulu-Natal. Durban forms part of the eThekwini Metropolitan Municipality, which includes neighbouring towns and has a population of about 3.44 million, making the combined municipality one of the largest cities on the Indian Ocean coast of the African continent. Durban was also one of the host cities of the 2010 FIFA World Cup.Durban was formerly named Port Natal due to its position as the chief seaport of South Africa, and its location on the Natal Bay of the Indian Ocean. Durban is a highly ethnically diverse city, with large Zulu, White, and Indian/Asian populations.
<Los_Angeles>	Los Angeles (US: /lɔːs ˈændʒələs/ (listen) lawss AN-jəl-əs; Spanish: Los Ángeles [los ˈaŋxeles], lit. 'The Angels'), often referred to by its initials L.A., is the largest city in the state of California and the second most populous city in the United States after New York City, as well as one of the world's most populous megacities. Los Angeles is the commercial, financial, and cultural center of Southern California. With a population of roughly 3.9 million as of 2020[update], Los Angeles is known for its Mediterranean climate, ethnic and cultural diversity, Hollywood film industry, and sprawling metropolitan area. The city of Los Angeles lies in a basin in Southern California adjacent to the Pacific Ocean extending through the Santa Monica Mountains and into the San Fernando Valley. It covers about 469 square miles (1,210 km2), and is the seat of Los Angeles County, which is the most populous county in the United States with an estimated 9.86 million as of 2022[update].
<Ron_Greenberg>	Ron Greenberg (born 1940?) is an American television game show producer who worked on numerous network and syndicated programs of that genre from the 1960s through the 1990s.His credits include Camouflage, Word for Word, Let's Play Post Office, Reach for the Stars, Dream House, Sale of the Century, The Money Maze, The Joker's Wild, Tic-Tac-Dough, Hollywood Connection, Play the Percentages, and Bullseye.He packaged five games: The Who, What or Where Game (1969-1974); The Big Showdown (1974-1975); The Pop 'N Rocker Game (1983-1984); a remake of The Who, What, or Where Game titled The Challengers (1990-1991); and a remake of Let's Make a Deal (1990-1991).
<Manne_Siegbahn>	Karl Manne Georg Siegbahn FRS(For) HFRSE (3 December 1886 – 26 September 1978) was a Swedish physicist who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1924 "for his discoveries and research in the field of X-ray spectroscopy".Siegbahn was born in Örebro, Sweden, the son of Georg Siegbahn and his wife, Emma Zetterberg.He graduated in Stockholm 1906 and began his studies at Lund University in the same year. During his education he was secretarial assistant to Johannes Rydberg. In 1908 he studied at the University of Göttingen. He obtained his doctorate (PhD) at the Lund University in 1911, his thesis was titled Magnetische Feldmessungen (magnetic field measurements). He became acting professor for Rydberg when his (Rydberg's) health was failing, and succeeded him as full professor in 1920. However, in 1922 he left Lund for a professorship at Uppsala University.
<Earshot_(book)>	Earshot is a book of poems by Kimiko Hahn, published in 1992 by Hanging Loose Press. It is Hahn's second poetry collection, after Air Pocket (1989). The book contains 46 poems. In 1993, Earshot received an Association of Asian America Studies Literature Award. In 1995, it was awarded the Theodore Roethke Memorial Poetry Prize.This article about a collection of written poetry is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<The_Orphans'_Home_Cycle>	The Orphans' Home Cycle is a 3-play drama written by Horton Foote. Each of the three plays in the trilogy comprises three one-act plays. They are The Story of a Childhood (Part 1), The Story of a Marriage (Part 2), and The Story of a Family (Part 3).The plays focus on Horace Robedaux, whose character was inspired by Foote's father, from Texas, at the turn of the 20th Century to the beginning of the Depression. The plays follow Horace through three decades, as "seen through three generations of three families."Most of the individual plays had been produced previously, either on stage, in film, or for television. Hartford Stage and the Signature Theatre Company co-produced the cycle. Foote said "It's incredibly moving to see all of these plays from my years of writing come together into the theatrical cycle that I've always envisioned."
<Roberto_Clemente_Award>	The Roberto Clemente Award is given annually to the Major League Baseball (MLB) player who "best exemplifies the game of baseball, sportsmanship, community involvement and the individual's contribution to his team", as voted on by baseball fans and members of the media. It is named for Hall of Fame outfielder Roberto Clemente. Originally known as the Commissioner's Award, it has been presented by the MLB since 1971. In 1973, the award was renamed after Clemente following his death in a plane crash while he was delivering supplies to victims of the Nicaragua earthquake.Each year, a panel of baseball dignitaries selects one player from among 30 nominees, one from each club. Teams choose their nominee during the regular season, and the winner is announced at the World Series. The player who receives the most votes online via MLB's official website, MLB.com, gets one vote in addition to the votes cast by the panel. Since 2007, the Roberto Clemente Award has been presented by Chevy. Chevy donates money and a Chevy vehicle to the recipient's charity of choice and additional money is donated by Chevy to the Roberto Clemente Sports City, a non-profit organization in Carolina, Puerto Rico, that provides recreational sports activities for children. Chevy donates additional funds to the charity of choice of each of the 30 club nominees.
<Los_Angeles_Review_of_Books>	The Los Angeles Review of Books (LARB) is a literary review magazine covering the national and international book scenes.  A preview version launched on Tumblr in April 2011, and the official website followed one year later in April 2012. A print edition premiered in May 2013. Founded by Tom Lutz, Chair of the Creative Writing Department at the University of California, Riverside, the Review seeks to redress the decline in Sunday book supplements by creating an online “encyclopedia of contemporary literary discussion.”The LARB features reviews of new fiction, poetry, and nonfiction; original reviews of classic texts; essays on contemporary art, politics, and culture; and literary news from abroad, including Mexico City, London, and St. Petersburg.The site also proposes looking seriously at detective fiction, thrillers, comics, graphic novels, and other writing “often dismissed as genre fiction,” and printing reviews of books published by university presses.   Of these plans Lutz has said, “What's considered worthy of study in the literary world has shifted radically over the past 50 years, and it reflects the natural evolution of academic thought, which is constantly raising questions about what matters.”
<Francis_Preston_Blair>	Francis Preston Blair Sr. (April 12, 1791 – October 18, 1876) was an American journalist, newspaper editor, and influential figure in national politics advising several U.S. presidents across party lines.Blair was an early member of the Democratic Party, and a strong supporter of President Andrew Jackson, having helped him win Kentucky in the 1828 presidential election. From 1831 to 1845, Blair worked as Editor-in-Chief of the Washington Globe, which served as the primary propaganda instrument for the Democratic Party, and was largely successful. Blair was an influential advisor to President Jackson, and served prominently in a group of unofficial advisors and assistants known as the "Kitchen Cabinet".Blair, despite being a slaveholder from Kentucky, eventually came to oppose the expansion of slavery into western territories. He supported the Free Soil Party ticket of Martin Van Buren and Charles Francis Adams Sr. in the 1848 presidential election. In 1854, in opposition to the Kansas–Nebraska Act, he left the Democratic Party and helped establish the Republican Party. Blair served as an advisor to President Abraham Lincoln during the American Civil War. In 1861, he was sent by Lincoln to offer command of a large Union army to Colonel Robert E. Lee, who declined, and instead joined the Confederacy. Blair also helped organize the Hampton Roads Conference of 1865, a failed attempt to end the war.
<Pulitzer_Prize_for_Drama>	The Pulitzer Prize for Drama is one of the seven American Pulitzer Prizes that are annually awarded for Letters, Drama, and Music. It is one of the original Pulitzers, for the program was inaugurated in 1917 with seven prizes, four of which were awarded that year. (No Drama prize was given, however, so that one was inaugurated in 1918, in a sense.) It recognizes a theatrical work staged in the U.S. during the preceding calendar year.Until 2007, eligibility for the Drama Prize ran from March 1 to March 2 to reflect the Broadway "season" rather than the calendar year that governed most other Pulitzer Prizes. The drama jury, which consists of one academic and four critics, attends plays in New York and in regional theaters. The Pulitzer board can overrule the jury's choice; in 1986, the board's opposition to the jury's choice of the CIVIL warS resulted in no award being given.
<Andre_DeToth>	Endre Antal Miksa DeToth, better known as Andre de Toth (born Endre Antal Mihály Tóth; May 15, 1913 – October 27, 2002), was a Hungarian-American film director, born and raised in Makó, Austria-Hungary. He directed the 3D film House of Wax, despite being unable to see in 3D himself, having lost an eye at an early age. Upon naturalization as a United States citizen in 1945, he took Endre Antal Miksa de Toth as his legal name.Born in 1913 as Sasvári farkasfalvi tóthfalusi Tóth Endre Antal Mihály, de Toth earned a degree in law from the Royal Hungarian Pázmány Péter Science's University in Budapest in the early 1930s. He garnered acclaim for plays written as a college student, acquiring the mentorship of Ferenc Molnár and becoming part of the theater scene in Budapest.[citation needed]
<Liberal_Republican_Party_(United_States)>	The Liberal Republican Party was an American political party that was organized in May 1872 to oppose the reelection of President Ulysses S. Grant and his Radical Republican supporters in the presidential election of 1872. The party emerged in Missouri under the leadership of Senator Carl Schurz and soon attracted other opponents of Grant; Liberal Republicans decried the scandals of the Grant administration and sought civil service reform. The party opposed Grant's Reconstruction policies, particularly the Enforcement Acts that destroyed the Ku Klux Klan. It lost in a landslide, and disappeared from the national stage after the 1872 election.The Republican Party had emerged as the dominant party in the aftermath of the Civil War, but many original Republicans became dissatisfied with the leadership of President Grant. Prominent liberal leaders like Schurz, Charles Sumner and Lyman Trumbull had been leaders in the fight against slavery and for the first stages of Reconstruction. They considered the task accomplished, and thought continued radical policies to be oppressive. By 1872 they demanded an end to Reconstruction and a restoration of self-government to the South.The 1872 Liberal Republican convention nominated a ticket consisting of Horace Greeley, longtime publisher of the New-York Tribune; and Missouri Governor Benjamin Gratz Brown. Seeking to defeat Grant, the Democratic Party nominated the Liberal Republican ticket and endorsed the Liberal Republican platform. However, Grant emerged triumphant in the election, capitalizing on superior party organization. Democrats lacked enthusiasm for Greeley, who for decades had denounced them. Greeley received 44% of the popular vote, winning the states of Texas, Missouri, Kentucky, Tennessee, Georgia and Maryland. Grant received 286 of the 352 electoral college votes. Greeley died shortly after the election.
<Zhan_Videnov>	Zhan Vasilev Videnov (Bulgarian: Жан Василев Виденов [ˈʒan ˈvidɛnof]; born 22 March 1959), sometimes spelled in English as Jean Videnov, was Prime Minister of Bulgaria from 25 January 1995 until 13 February 1997, a term remembered for the most severe economic and financial crisis in recent Bulgarian history, which featured hyperinflation and a drastic fall in living standards. He was chairman of the Bulgarian Socialist Party (BSP) from 1991 to 1996. Currently he is a college lecturer and inspirer of Che Guevara of Plovdiv.Zhan Videnov was born 22 March 1959 in Plovdiv. He graduated from the Plovdiv English Language School (ELS). He subsequently graduated in Foreign Economic Relations from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations.
<Jennifer_Grey>	Jennifer Grey (born March 26, 1960) is an American actress. She made her acting debut with the film Reckless (1984), and had her breakthrough with the teen comedy film Ferris Bueller's Day Off (1986). She subsequently earned worldwide fame for starring as Frances "Baby" Houseman in the romantic drama film Dirty Dancing (1987), which earned her a Golden Globe Award nomination. Her other feature films include Red Dawn (1984), The Cotton Club (1984), Bloodhounds of Broadway (1989), Bounce (2000), Redbelt (2008), The Wind Rises (2013), In Your Eyes (2014), Duck Duck Goose (2018), and Bittersweet Symphony (2019).Grey's early television work includes the made-for-TV films Murder in Mississippi (1990), Criminal Justice (1990), and If the Shoe Fits as Kelly Carter / Prudence (1990). She starred as herself in the series It's Like, You Know... (1999–2001), won season eleven of the dancing competition series Dancing with the Stars (2010) and starred as Judy Meyers in the Amazon Prime Video comedy Red Oaks (2014–2017). She has done voice work in film and television, providing her voice in the 2018 film Duck Duck Goose and the 2008–2014 animated television series Phineas and Ferb.Jennifer Grey was born on March 26, 1960, in New York City, the daughter of stage and Academy Award-winning screen actor Joel Grey and former actress/singer Jo Wilder (née Brower). Her paternal grandfather was comedian and musician Mickey Katz. Grey's parents both came from Jewish families.
<Sam_Winchester>	Samuel "Sam" Winchester is a fictional character and one of the two protagonists of the American drama television series Supernatural along with his older brother, Dean. He is portrayed primarily by Jared Padalecki. Other versions of the character have been portrayed by Alex Ferris and Dylan Kingwell (child), Colin Ford (teenager), and Colton James (body switch with Gary Frankle in Season 5).Sam Winchester was created by Eric Kripke, creator and original showrunner of Supernatural, when he pitched a show to the WB about two brothers who investigate the supernatural. Sam's name is a homage to Sal Paradise in Jack Kerouac's road-trip novel On the Road, tying into Kripke's concept for an Americana road-trip television series. It was originally intended for the brothers' last name to be "Harrison" as a nod to actor Harrison Ford; however, there was a Sam Harrison living in Kansas, so the name had to be changed for legal reasons. Combining his interest in the Winchester Mystery House and his desire to give the series the feel of "a modern-day Western," Kripke settled on the surname of "Winchester." Sam and his brother Dean are from Lawrence, Kansas, due to its closeness to Stull Cemetery, a location famous for its urban legends. Jared Padalecki, who portrays Sam Winchester, was almost turned down for the role because he portrayed a blue-collar character with no aspirations of college for his role as Dean Forester on Gilmore Girls, but won his chance to audition after his manager pointed out that the actor was a National Merit Scholar, where his chemistry with Jensen Ackles earned him the role.
<Tom_Cruise>	Thomas Cruise Mapother IV (born July 3, 1962), known professionally as Tom Cruise, is an American actor and producer. One of the world's highest-paid actors, he has received various accolades, including an Honorary Palme d'Or and three Golden Globe Awards, in addition to nominations for three Academy Awards. His films have grossed over $4 billion in North America and over $11.1 billion worldwide, making him one of the highest-grossing box-office stars of all time.Cruise began acting in the early 1980s and made his breakthrough with leading roles in the comedy film Risky Business (1983) and action film Top Gun (1986). Critical acclaim came with his roles in the dramas The Color of Money (1986), Rain Man (1988), and Born on the Fourth of July (1989). For his portrayal of Ron Kovic in the latter, he won a Golden Globe Award and received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actor. As a leading Hollywood star in the 1990s, he starred in several commercially successful films, including the drama A Few Good Men (1992), the thriller The Firm (1993), the horror film Interview with the Vampire (1994), and the romance Jerry Maguire (1996). For the latter, he won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor and received his second Academy Award nomination. Cruise's performance as a motivational speaker in the drama Magnolia (1999) earned him another Golden Globe Award and a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
<Donald_Lynden-Bell>	Eddington Medal (1984)Brouwer Award (1991)Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society (1993)Bruce Medal (1998)John J. Carty Award for the Advancement of Science (2000)Henry Norris Russell Lectureship (2000)Donald Lynden-Bell CBE FRS (5 April 1935 – 6 February 2018) was a British theoretical astrophysicist. He was the first to determine that galaxies contain supermassive black holes at their centres, and that such black holes power quasars. Lynden-Bell was President of the Royal Astronomical Society (1985–1987) and received numerous awards for his work, including the inaugural Kavli Prize for Astrophysics. He worked at the University of Cambridge for his entire career, where he was the first director of its Institute of Astronomy.
<Jerzy_Neyman>	Jerzy Neyman (April 16, 1894 – August 5, 1981; born Jerzy Spława-Neyman; Polish: [ˈjɛʐɨ ˈspwava ˈnɛjman]) was a Polish mathematician and statistician who spent the first part of his professional career at various institutions in Warsaw, Poland and then at University College London, and the second part at the University of California, Berkeley. Neyman first introduced the modern concept of a confidence interval into statistical hypothesis testing and co-revised Ronald Fisher's null hypothesis testing (in collaboration with Egon Pearson).He was born into a Polish family in Bendery, in the Bessarabia Governorate of the Russian Empire, the fourth of four children of Czesław Spława-Neyman and Kazimiera Lutosławska. His family was Roman Catholic and Neyman served as an altar boy during his early childhood. Later, Neyman would become an agnostic. Neyman's family descended from a long line of Polish nobles and military heroes. He graduated from the Kamieniec Podolski gubernial gymnasium for boys in 1909 under the name Yuri Cheslavovich Neyman. He began studies at Kharkov University in 1912, where he was taught by Ukrainian probabilist Sergei Natanovich Bernstein. After he read 'Lessons on the integration and the research of the primitive functions' by Henri Lebesgue, he was fascinated with measure and integration.In 1921 he returned to Poland in a program of repatriation of POWs after the Polish-Soviet War.He earned his Doctor of Philosophy degree at University of Warsaw in 1924 for a dissertation titled "On the Applications of the Theory of Probability to Agricultural Experiments". He was examined by Wacław Sierpiński and Stefan Mazurkiewicz, among others. He spent a couple of years in London and Paris on a fellowship to study statistics with Karl Pearson and Émile Borel. After his return to Poland he established the Biometric Laboratory at the Nencki Institute of Experimental Biology in Warsaw.
<Los_Angeles_Bulldogs>	The Los Angeles Bulldogs were a professional American football team that competed from 1936 to 1948 (the last year as the Long Beach Bulldogs). Formed with the intention of joining the National Football League in 1937 (and turned down in favor of the Cleveland Rams), the Bulldogs were the first team on the  major league level to play its home games on the American West Coast (the NFL's Los Angeles Buccaneers and the first AFL's Wildcats of 1926 were actually traveling teams based in Chicago). They were considered "the best football team in existence outside the NFL".The 1937 Bulldogs are one of three pro football teams that have gone undefeated and untied during a season, joining the 1972 Miami Dolphins (17–0–0, NFL), and the 1948 Cleveland Browns (15–0–0, AAFC).  The Bulldogs hold the distinction of being the first.
<Elliot_Johnson_(politician)>	Sir William Elliot Johnson KCMG (10 April 1862 – 8 December 1932) was an Australian politician. He was a long-serving member of the House of Representatives (1903–1928) and served non-consecutive terms as Speaker of the House (1913–1914, 1917–1923), the first person to do so. He began his career in the Australian Labor Party (ALP) during the early 1890s, but was a member of the anti-Labor parties throughout his tenure in parliament.Johnson was born at Newcastle upon Tyne, England, the son of a scene-painter. He ran away from home at 13, worked in the telegraph office at London, and afterwards assisted his father scene-painting at Covent Garden theatre. He was then apprenticed on a sailing-ship and after obtaining his second mate's certificate, settled in Sydney in 1883. He took much interest in the free-trade movement and was also a follower of Henry George.
<Cheyenne_(catamaran)>	Cheyenne, formerly known as PlayStation is a large catamaran created for the 2000 around the world race known as The Race. Like its competitors, Cheyenne was created for sheer speed, pushing the state of the art in materials, construction, and operation. PlayStation was skippered and owned by Steve Fossett. It is owned by and operated by Virgin Oceanic's co-founder Chris Welsh.Construction of the boat was by Mick Cookson of Cookson Boatworks in Auckland, New Zealand in 1998 to 1999. The boats construction was made from pre-preg carbon fiber laminates in various orientations, with a 38 mm aluminum honeycomb core.
<J._Michael_Bishop>	John Michael Bishop (born February 22, 1936) is an American immunologist and microbiologist who shared the 1989 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Harold E. Varmus and was co-winner of 1984 Alfred P. Sloan Prize. He serves as an active faculty member at the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF), where he also served as chancellor from 1998 to 2009.Bishop was born in Pennsylvania.  He attended Gettysburg College as an undergraduate, where he was a brother of the Theta-Pi Zeta chapter of Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity. He later attended Harvard University, where he earned an MD in 1962.Bishop began his career working for the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, a part of the National Institutes of Health.  He then spent a year working for the Heinrich Pette Institute in Hamburg, Germany before joining the faculty of the University of California, San Francisco in 1968. Bishop has remained on the school's faculty since 1968, and was chancellor of the university from 1998 to 2009. He is director of the Bishop Lab.
<My_Queen>	My Queen (Chinese: 敗犬女王; pinyin: Bài Quǎn Nǚwáng), also known as Defeated Queen or Queen of No Marriage, is a 2009 Taiwanese romantic-comedy television series. The television drama was produced by Sanlih E-Television starring Ethan Juan and Cheryl Yang. It was first aired on January 4, 2009 on TTV after Invincible Shan Bao Mei and last aired on May 31, 2009.Shan Wu Shuang (Cheryl Yang), a 33-year-old beautiful, hardworking yet single woman, meets Lucas (Ethan Juan), a 25-year-old romantic and handsome regular worker. There is an 8-year age difference between the two lovers.My Queen Original Soundtrack (CD+DVD) (敗犬女王之情歌無雙影音雙冠原聲天作之盒 (1CD+1DVD)) was released on May 22, 2009 by Fish Leong under Believe In Music. It contains seventeen songs, and a DVD version which contains Fish Leong's Fall in Love & Songs album's music video and karaoke. The opening theme song is "No Ifs" or "Ru Guo", while the ending theme song is "The Reason For The Love Of Love".
<Sussex>	Sussex (/ˈsʌsɪks/), from the Old English Sūþsēaxe (lit. 'South Saxons'), is a historic county in South East England that was formerly an independent medieval Anglo-Saxon kingdom. It is bounded to the west by Hampshire, north by Surrey, northeast by Kent, south by the English Channel, and divided for many purposes into the ceremonial counties of West Sussex and East Sussex.Brighton and Hove, though part of East Sussex, was made a unitary authority in 1997, and as such, is administered independently of the rest of East Sussex. Brighton and Hove was granted city status in 2000. Until then, Chichester was Sussex's only city. The Brighton and Hove built-up area is the 15th largest conurbation in the UK and Brighton and Hove is the most populous city or town in Sussex. Crawley, Worthing and Eastbourne are major towns, each with a population over 100,000. Sussex has three main geographic sub-regions, each oriented approximately east to west. In the southwest is the fertile and densely populated coastal plain. North of this are the rolling chalk hills of the South Downs, beyond which is the well-wooded Sussex Weald.
<Robert_Donat>	Friedrich Robert Donat (18 March 1905 – 9 June 1958) was an English actor. He is best remembered for his roles in Alfred Hitchcock's The 39 Steps (1935) and Goodbye, Mr. Chips (1939), winning for the latter the Academy Award for Best Actor.In his book, The Age of the Dream Palace, Jeffrey Richards wrote that Donat was "British cinema's one undisputed romantic leading man in the 1930s". "The image he projected was that of the romantic idealist, often with a dash of the gentleman adventurer."
<Grupo_Silvio_Santos>	Grupo Silvio Santos (Silvio Santos Group in English), is a Brazilian holding led by the Brazilian billionaire media-man Silvio Santos.The principal member of the holding is SBT, the second biggest network television in Brazil. The group also controls the Tele Sena, the Teatro Imprensa, Jequiti, Sisan Empreendimentos  and many other investments such as hotels and shopping malls.The group may also be recognized by its initials,  GSS. In 2008 it was considered the 63rd largest company in Brazil.
<William_Mann_(Australian_politician)>	William Joseph Mann (17 October 1875 – 22 April 1951) was an Australian newspaperman and politician who was a member of the Legislative Council of Western Australia from 1926 until his death, representing South-West Province.Mann was born in Ballarat, Victoria, to Mary (née Callow) and William Quick Mann. Having learnt the printing trade in Victoria, he came to Western Australia in 1896, living for periods in Kalgoorlie, Perth, and Fremantle. Mann eventually moved to Busselton, where in 1903 he established what would become the town's main newspaper, the South-Western News. He would remain the proprietor and editor of the publication until 1935. He was also involved with various press organisations, serving as the president of the Australian Provincial Press Association (a forerunner of the Australian Press Council) from 1923 to 1925 and also as an Australian delegate to the Empire Press Union. Standing for the Nationalist Party, Mann was elected to parliament at the 1926 Legislative Council elections, defeating the sitting Country Party member, Francis Willmott. He was re-elected in 1932, 1938, and 1946, switching to the newly formed Liberal Party in 1945. Mann died in office in April 1951, aged 75.
<Stuart_Ballantine_Medal>	The Stuart Ballantine Medal was a science and engineering award presented by the Franklin Institute, of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA. It was named after the US inventor Stuart Ballantine.
<Bootle>	Bootle (pronounced /ˈbuːtəl/) is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of Sefton, Merseyside, England, which had a population of  51,394 in 2011; the wider Parliamentary constituency had a population of 98,449.Historically part of Lancashire, Bootle's proximity to the Irish Sea and the industrial city of Liverpool to the south saw it grow rapidly in the 1800s, first as a dormitory town for wealthy merchants, and then as a centre of commerce and industry in its own right following the arrival of the railway and the expansion of the docks and shipping industries. The subsequent population increase was fuelled heavily by Irish migration.
<Neighbours>	Neighbours is an Australian television soap opera, which has aired since 18 March 1985. It was created by television executive Reg Watson. The Seven Network commissioned the show following the success of Watson's earlier soap Sons and Daughters. Although successful in Melbourne, Neighbours underperformed in the Sydney market and was cancelled by Seven four months after it began airing. It was immediately commissioned by rival Network Ten for a second production season, which began screening on 20 January 1986. Neighbours went on to become the longest-running drama series in Australian television history. In 2005, it was inducted into the Logie Hall of Fame.The storylines concern the lives of the people who live and work in Erinsborough, a fictional suburb of Melbourne, Victoria. The series centres on the residents of Ramsay Street, a cul-de-sac, and its neighbouring area, the Lassiters complex, which includes a bar, hotel, café, police station, lawyers' office and park. Neighbours began with a focus on three households created by Watson – including the Ramsay and Robinson families, who have a long history, and an ongoing rivalry. Over the serial's early years, three additional houses on the street were introduced as regular settings. Pin Oak Court, in Vermont South, is the real cul-de-sac that has doubled for Ramsay Street. The houses featured are real and the residents allowed the production to shoot external scenes in their yards. The interior scenes were filmed at the Global Television studios in Forest Hill.
<Saipan>	Saipan (/saɪˈpæn/ Chamorro: Sa’ipan, Carolinian: Seipél, formerly in Spanish: Saipán, and in Japanese: 彩帆島, romanized: Saipan-tō) is the largest island of the Northern Mariana Islands, a commonwealth of the United States in the western Pacific Ocean. According to 2020 estimates by the United States Census Bureau, the population of Saipan was 43,385, a decline of 10% from its 2010 count of 48,220.The legislative and executive branches of Commonwealth government are located in the village of Capitol Hill on the island while the judicial branch is headquartered in the village of Susupe. Since the entire island is organized as a single municipality, most publications designate Saipan as the Commonwealth's capital. 
<S.C.U._Torreense>	Sport Clube União Torreense is a Portuguese sports club, best known for its association football section, founded in Torres Vedras in 1917, as Sport União Torreense.It participated six times in the Portuguese Liga (last in 1991–92 season) and its best result was two seventh final places (1955–56 and 1956–57), coincidentally the team's first two years in the top flight. Torreense participated in the 1956 final of the Cup of Portugal, where they lost 2–0 to FC Porto. 
<Eric_L._Harry>	Eric L. Harry (born December 2, 1958) is an American author and lawyer, best known for his novels Arc Light and Invasion. He has also written Society of the Mind, along with Protect and Defend.Harry was born in Ocean Springs, Mississippi on December 2, 1958, and grew up in Laurel, Mississippi. He attended the Marion Military Institute and the Marine Military Academy. He also attended Vanderbilt University, earning a B.A. in 1980, an MBA in 1983, and a JD in 1984.
<Lorenza_Izzo>	Lorenza Francesca Izzo Parsons (/ləˈrɛnzə ˈɪzoʊ/; Spanish: [loˈɾensa ˈiso]; born September 19, 1989) is a Chilean actress and model. She has appeared in films, including Aftershock (2012), The Green Inferno (2013),  Knock Knock (2015), and Quentin Tarantino's Once Upon a Time in Hollywood (2019).Izzo was born in Santiago, Chile, to Chilean model Rosita Parsons [es]. She is of Italian descent on her father's side. She has a younger sister, Clara Lyon Parsons, who is a model as well. When she was twelve years old, she moved to Atlanta with her father, then working towards a Ph.D. at Georgia Institute of Technology. She was bullied over her strong Chilean accent as a child, but stated she "got over [her] accent pretty fast" after watching the 2002 sports film Blue Crush several times. Izzo recalls becoming "obsessed with [Blue Crush star] Kate Bosworth."
<Fenerbahçe_S.K._(football)>	Fenerbahçe Spor Kulübü (Turkish: [feˈnæɾbahtʃe], Fenerbahçe Sports Club) are a Turkish professional football club based in Istanbul, Turkey. They are the men's football department of Fenerbahçe SK, a major professional multi-sport club. Fenerbahçe, known informally as Fener, are one of the most successful and best supported football teams in Turkey, having never been relegated, and currently compete in the Turkish Super League, the Turkish Cup and UEFA Europa League.They are nicknamed Sarı Kanaryalar (Turkish for "Yellow Canaries") and play their home games at Şükrü Saracoğlu Stadium, their own traditional home ground in Kadıköy, Istanbul. The club's name translates as "Lighthouse in the Garden" and comes from the Fenerbahçe neighbourhood of the Kadıköy district in Istanbul.
<Ventnor_railway_station>	Ventnor railway station was the terminus of the Isle of Wight Railway line from Ryde.The station occupied a ledge 294 feet (90 m) above sea level which had been quarried into the hill side. The station was at the end of a 1,312 yards (1,200 m) long tunnel through St Boniface Down.  A turntable was used to allow steam engines to runaround their trains. In later years it was replaced by a three way switch.  The tracks merged just before the tunnel and the locomotives had to enter the tunnel during runround manoeuvres.
<Sir_Charles_Nicholson,_2nd_Baronet>	Sir Charles Archibald Nicholson, 2nd Baronet (27 April 1867 – 4 March 1949), was an English architect and designer who specialised in ecclesiastical buildings and war memorials. He carried out the refurbishments of several cathedrals, the design and build of over a dozen new churches, and the restoration of many existing, medieval parish churches.Nicholson was born in Hadleigh, Essex to Sir Charles Nicholson, 1st Baronet, and his wife, Sarah Elizabeth Nicholson née  Keightley. His younger brothers were the stained-glass artist Archibald Keightley Nicholson and Sir Sydney Hugo Nicholson, the founder of the Royal School of Church Music.
<The_China_Study>	The China Study: The Most Comprehensive Study of Nutrition Ever Conducted and the Startling Implications for Diet, Weight Loss and Long-term Health is a book by T. Colin Campbell and his son, Thomas M. Campbell II. The book argues for health benefits of a whole food plant-based diet. It was first published in the United States in January 2005 and had sold over one million copies as of October 2013, making it one of America's best-selling books about nutrition.The China Study examines the link between the consumption of animal products (including dairy) and chronic illnesses such as coronary heart disease, diabetes, breast cancer, prostate cancer, and bowel cancer. The book is "loosely based" on the China–Cornell–Oxford Project, a 20-year study which looked at mortality rates from cancer and other chronic diseases from 1973 to 1975 in 65 counties in China, and correlated this data with 1983–84 dietary surveys and blood work from 100 people in each county.
<João_Paiva>	João Pedro de Lemos Paiva (born 8 February 1983) is a Portuguese football coach and a former striker.He spent the vast majority of his professional career in Switzerland.Born in Lisbon, Paiva played almost exclusively lower league football in his country: having been under contract with both Sporting Clube de Portugal and C.S. Marítimo, he only appeared for both clubs' reserve sides. In the 2004–05 season he competed with S.C. Espinho in the second division, but featured in less than one third of the league games and his team was also relegated after ranking 18th and last.
<Richard_A._Cash>	New York University School of Medicine, MD (1966)Richard Alan Cash, M.D., M.P.H. (born June 9, 1941) is an American global health researcher, public health physician, and internist.  He is a Senior Lecturer in International Health at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health in Boston. Cash began his international career over 40 years ago when he was assigned by NIAID of the NIH to the Pakistan-SEATO Cholera Research Laboratory (CRL) in Dhaka, East Pakistan (now the ICDDR,B in Dhaka, Bangladesh).  While there, he and his colleagues developed and conducted the first clinical trials of oral rehydration therapy (ORT) in adult and pediatric cholera patients and patients with other infectious causes of diarrhea.  This technology matches the volume of fluid losses from dehydration patients with the volume they consume so that the fluid replacement packets greatly reduce or completely replace IV therapy (particularly where it is not feasible or unavailable), which was then the only current treatment for cholera.  Discoveries in ORT have been estimated to have saved over 50 million lives worldwide. World Health Organization (WHO) estimates are that at least 60 million children have been spared painful deaths because of ORT.  They also conducted the first field trials of ORT, the first community-based trials of ORT, and the first use of amino acids (glycine) as an additional substrate.  In the late 1970s, Cash worked with BRAC (presently the world's largest NGO in terms of programs and personnel) on their OTEP (Oral Therapy Extension Programme), which taught over 13 million mothers and caregivers how to prepare and use ORT in the home using the "pinch and scoop" method.It is estimated by WHO researchers that, each year, around 500 million packs of the oral rehydration solution are used in more than 60 developing countries, saving over 60 million lives around the world.  For demonstrating how inexpensive and simple-to-use oral rehydration therapy (ORT) could treat cholera and other diarrheal diseases, then by promoting in the developing world customized applications of oral rehydration therapy (ORT) developed by Cash and David R. Nalin (at Merck in Vaccine Development from 1983 to 2002), Cash, David Nalin, and Dilip Mahalanabis became joint recipients of the 2006 Prince Mahidol Award in public health for "exemplary contributions in the field of public health" and for their contributions "to the application of the oral rehydration solution in the treatment of severe diarrhea worldwide, including Thailand.
<Yale_Law_School>	Yale Law School (Yale Law or YLS) is the law school of Yale University, a private research university in New Haven, Connecticut. It was established in 1824 and has been ranked as the best law school in the United States by U.S. News & World Report every year between 1990 and 2022, when Yale made a decision to voluntarily pull out of the rankings, citing issues they have with the methodology used in the rankings. One of the most selective academic institutions in the world, the 2020–21 acceptance rate was 4%, the lowest of any law school in the United States. Its yield rate of 87% is also consistently the highest of any law school in the United States.Yale Law alumni include many prominent figures in law and politics, including United States presidents Gerald Ford and Bill Clinton and former U.S. secretary of state and presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton. Alumni also include current United States Supreme Court associate justices Clarence Thomas, Samuel Alito, Sonia Sotomayor and Brett Kavanaugh, as well as a number of former justices, including Abe Fortas, Potter Stewart and Byron White; several heads of state, including Karl Carstens, the fifth president of Germany, Jose P. Laurel, the third president of the Republic of the Philippines; and Peter Mutharika, the immediate former president of Malawi; five current U.S. senators; the former governor of California and immediate former governor of Rhode Island and current United States Secretary of Commerce; and the current deans of two of the top fourteen-ranked law schools in the United States: Virginia and Cornell.Each class in Yale Law's three-year J.D. program enrolls approximately 200 students. Yale's flagship law review is the Yale Law Journal, one of the most highly cited legal publications in the United States. According to Yale Law School's ABA-required disclosures, 83% of the Class of 2019 obtained full-time, long-term, JD-required or JD-advantage employment nine months after graduation, excluding solo practitioners.
<United_States_men's_national_soccer_team>	The United States men's national soccer team (USMNT) represents the United States in men's international soccer competitions. The team is controlled by the United States Soccer Federation and is a member of FIFA and CONCACAF.
<Svante_Janson>	Carl Svante Janson (born 21 May 1955) is a Swedish mathematician. A member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences since 1994, Janson has been the chaired professor of mathematics at Uppsala University since 1987.In mathematical analysis, Janson has publications in functional analysis (especially harmonic analysis) and probability theory. In mathematical statistics, Janson has made contributions to the theory of U-statistics.  In combinatorics, Janson has publications in probabilistic combinatorics, particularly random graphs and in the analysis of algorithms: In the study of random graphs, Janson introduced U-statistics and the Hoeffding decomposition.Janson has published four books and over 300 academic papers (as of 2017[update]). He has an Erdős number of 1.
<Catherine_Schell>	Catherine Schell (born Katherina Freiin Schell von Bauschlott, 17 July 1944) is a Hungarian-born actress who came to prominence in British film and television productions from the 1960s. Her notable roles include the Bond girl Nancy in On Her Majesty's Secret Service (1969), Lady Claudine Litton in The Return of the Pink Panther (1975), Countess Scarlioni in the Doctor Who serial City of Death (1979), and a regular role as Maya in Series Two of the television series Space: 1999 (1975).Schell's father, Baron Paul Schell von Bauschlott, was a Hungarian diplomat of three-quarter Magyar ancestry; her mother was Countess Katharina Maria Etelka Georgina Elisabeth Teleki de Szék. "Schell" is the family name, while "von Bauschlott" indicates the place in Germany where the Schell family owned its main estate.
<Edward_Abraham>	Sir Edward Penley Abraham, CBE, FRS (10 June 1913 – 8 May 1999) was an English biochemist instrumental in the development of the first antibiotics penicillin and cephalosporin.Abraham was born on 10 June 1913 at 47 South View Road, Shirley, Southampton. From 1924 Abraham attended King Edward VI School, Southampton, before achieving a First in Chemistry at The Queen's College, Oxford.
<Shek_Kong_Airfield>	The Shek Kong Airfield (ICAO: VHSK), formerly Royal Air Force Station Sek Kong or Sek Kong Airfield, is an airfield (airbase) located in Shek Kong, New Territories, Hong Kong.The base currently houses air force units of People's Liberation Army Hong Kong Garrison (PLAHKG), as well as being open for restricted civilian use during weekends.
<Dean_Parrett>	Dean Gary Parrett (born 16 November 1991) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Biggleswade Town. He has played in the Football League for several clubs and has represented England from under-16 to under-20 level.Born in Hampstead, London, Parrett signed for the Tottenham Hotspur Academy from Queens Park Rangers in February 2007. He made his first team debut for Tottenham in a UEFA Cup match against Shakhtar Donetsk on 19 February 2009. He joined League Two team Aldershot Town on a month's loan on 17 September. Aldershot enquired for an extension but instead Parrett returned to Spurs on 23 October after playing four games. He signed a new three-year contract at White Hart Lane in August 2010, before joining Plymouth Argyle on loan until the end of the 2010–11 season. He scored his first career goal whilst at Plymouth in a 3–1 win over Bristol Rovers. On 10 November 2010, it was mutually agreed between Tottenham and Argyle that Parrett's loan be cut short and he returned to Tottenham.
<Henry_Augustus_Rowland>	Henry Augustus Rowland ForMemRS HonFRSE (November 27, 1848 – April 16, 1901) was an American physicist and Johns Hopkins educator.  Between 1899 and 1901 he served as the first president of the American Physical Society.  He is remembered primarily for the high quality of the diffraction gratings he made and for the work he did with them on the solar spectrum.Rowland was born in Honesdale, Pennsylvania, where his father Henry Augustus Rowland was a Presbyterian pastor. From an early age, the younger Rowland exhibited marked scientific tastes and spent his spare time in electrical and chemical experiments. 
<Eero_Saarinen>	Eero Saarinen (/ˈeɪroʊ ˈsɑːrɪnən, ˈɛəroʊ -/, Finnish: [ˈeːro ˈsɑːrinen]; August 20, 1910 – September 1, 1961) was a Finnish-American architect and industrial designer noted for his wide-ranging array of designs for buildings and monuments.  Saarinen is best known for designing the General Motors Technical Center in Michigan, Dulles International Airport outside Washington, D.C., the TWA Flight Center (now TWA Hotel) in New York City, and the Gateway Arch in St. Louis, Missouri. He was the son of Finnish architect Eliel Saarinen.Eero Saarinen was born in Hvitträsk on August 20, 1910, to Finnish architect Eliel Saarinen and his second wife, Louise, on his father's 37th birthday. They immigrated to the United States in 1923, when Eero was thirteen. He grew up in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, where his father taught and was dean of the Cranbrook Academy of Art, and he took courses in sculpture and furniture design there. He had a close relationship with fellow students Charles and Ray Eames, and became good friends with Florence Knoll (née Schust).
<The_Female_Eunuch>	The Female Eunuch is a 1970 book by Germaine Greer that became an international bestseller and an important text in the feminist movement. Greer's thesis is that the "traditional" suburban, consumerist, nuclear family represses women sexually, and that this devitalises them, rendering them eunuchs. The book was published in London in October 1970. It received a mixed reception, but by March 1971, it had nearly sold out its second printing. It has been translated into eleven languages.A sequel to The Female Eunuch, entitled The Whole Woman, was published in 1999.
<Charles_Doolittle_Walcott>	Charles Doolittle Walcott (March 31, 1850 – February 9, 1927) was an American paleontologist, administrator of the Smithsonian Institution from 1907 to 1927, and director of the United States Geological Survey. He is famous for his discovery in 1909 of well-preserved fossils, including some of the oldest soft-part imprints, in the Burgess Shale of British Columbia, Canada.Charles Doolittle Walcott was born on March 31, 1850 in New York Mills, New York. His grandfather, Benjamin S. Walcott, moved from Rhode Island in 1822. His father, also Charles Doolittle Walcott, died when Charles Jr. was only two.  Walcott was the youngest of four children. He was interested in nature from an early age, collecting minerals and bird eggs and, eventually, fossils. He attended various schools in the Utica area but left at the age of eighteen without completing high school, the end of his formal education. His interest in fossils solidified as he became a commercial fossil collector.On January 9, 1872, Walcott married Lura Ann Rust, daughter of the owner of a farm in New York where Walcott made one of his most important trilobite discoveries (Walcott-Rust quarry). She died on January 23, 1876. Walcott's interest in fossils led to his acquaintance with Louis Agassiz of Harvard University, who encouraged him to work in the field of paleontology; later that year, he began work as the assistant to the state paleontologist, James Hall. He lost this job after two years but was soon recruited to the newly formed US Geological Survey as a geological assistant.
<Dimitri_Obolensky>	Sir Dimitri Obolensky FBA FSA (19 March/1 April 1918, in St Petersburg – 23 December 2001) was a Russian-British historian who was Professor of Russian and Balkan History at the University of Oxford and the author of various historical works.Prince Dimitri Dimitrievich Obolensky was born in Russia on 1 April 1918 in St Petersburg, the son of Prince Dimitri Alexandrovich Obolensky (1882–1964) and Countess Maria (Shuvalova) (1894–1973). His family was descended from Rurik, Igor, Svyatoslav, St Vladimir of Kiev, St Michael of Chernigov, and Prince Mikhail Semyonovich Vorontsov - however, as one of his students has written, "he was a sober enough scholar to know that Rurik may not actually have existed." After the Russian Revolution, the Royal Navy helped the Obolensky family to escape from Russia in 1919, together with the Dowager Empress Marie Feodorovna and the Grand Duke Nicholas.  He was educated in Britain at Lynchmere Preparatory School, Eastbourne, and in France at the Lycée Pasteur in Neuilly-sur-Seine, before going up to Trinity College, Cambridge, where he distinguished himself with a Blue for lawn tennis and graduated in 1940.
<Clive_King>	David Clive King (28 April 1924 – 10 July 2018) was an English author best known for his children's book Stig of the Dump (1963). He served in the Royal Navy Volunteer Reserve in the last years of the Second World War and then worked for the British Council in a wide range of overseas postings, from which he later drew inspiration for his novels.Clive King was born in Richmond, Surrey England on 28 April 1924 and grew up in Ash, Kent. He was educated at the King's School, Rochester, Kent from 1933 to 1941 and then at Downing College, Cambridge from 1941 to 1943, graduating with a BA in English. From 1943 to 1946 He served as a Sub-Lieutenant in the Royal Navy Volunteer Reserve, which took him to the Arctic, India, Ceylon (now Sri Lanka), Australia, Malaya and Japan, where he saw the then recent devastation of Hiroshima.
<Harvard_Law_School>	Harvard Law School (Harvard Law or HLS) is the law school of Harvard University, a private research university in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Founded in 1817, it is the oldest continuously operating law school in the United States.Each class in the three-year JD program has approximately 560 students, among the largest of the top 150 ranked law schools in the United States. The first-year class is broken into seven sections of approximately 80 students, who take most first-year classes together. Aside from the JD program, Harvard also awards both LLM and SJD degrees. Harvard's uniquely large class size and prestige have led the law school to graduate a great many distinguished alumni in the judiciary, government, and the business world.
<Julia,_Lady_Inglis>	Julia Selina, Lady Inglis (19 April 1833 – 3 February 1904) was the daughter of Frederic Thesiger, 1st Baron Chelmsford, and wife of Major-General Sir John Eardley Inglis, who commanded the British troops at the Siege of Lucknow in 1857. She kept a diary of her life during the siege, which was published as The Siege of Lucknow: a Diary.  She aimed to give "a simple account of each day's events (which) may give a clear idea of what was done by the garrison under (her husband's) command".Her father was Frederic Thesiger (1794–1878), a lawyer who later became a Member of Parliament, serving as Attorney-General under Robert Peel and as Lord Chancellor under Lord Derby and was created the first Baron Chelmsford.
<Indépendance_Cha_Cha>	Congolese:"Indépendance Cha Cha" (French; "Independence cha cha") was a song performed by Joseph Kabasele (best known by his stage name Le Grand Kallé) from the group L'African Jazz in the popular African Rumba style. The song has been described as "Kabasele's most memorable song" and one of the first Pan-African hits.The song was composed and first performed in 1960, the so-called Year of Africa, to celebrate the imminent independence of the Belgian Congo (the modern-day Democratic Republic of the Congo). The song achieved considerable successes and remains the most internationally best-known examples of Congolese Rumba.
<360_Architecture>	360 Architecture was an American architectural practice acquired by HOK in 2015. The firm provided services for a range of project types including corporate headquarters and commercial office buildings, sports arenas, stadiums and ballparks, municipal facilities, single- and multi-family residential, and mixed-use entertainment districts. The firm was headquartered in Kansas City, Missouri, with offices in Columbus Ohio; and San Francisco, California. As of 2014[update], the firm had a staff of 200 professionals.In January 2015, HOK completed its acquisition of 360 Architecture for an undisclosed price and announced the launch of a new global Sports + Recreation + Entertainment practice. Brad Schrock, a 360 Architecture co-founder and a director of this new HOK practice, said the acquisition would help the firms compete at the highest level.CDFM2 Architecture Inc. and Heinlein Schrock Stearns merged in 2004 to form 360 Architecture. At the time, CDFM2 was a firm of sixty architects, interior architects, interior designers, 3D illustrators and graphic designers working in the corporate, developer service, government and higher education markets. Heinlein Schrock Stearns was a firm of thirty-six architects and designers focused on collegiate, minor- and major-league sports and commercial, residential and retail/entertainment projects. The merger combined thirty-four years of firm experience into 360 Architecture (CDFM2 founded in 1980 and Heinlein Schrock Stearns founded in 1995).
<Mark_A._Smith>	Mark Anthony Smith (August 15, 1965 – December 19, 2010) was a professor of pathology at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, Ohio, where he also served as the Director of Basic Science Research at the University Memory and Aging Center. At the time of his death, he had been serving as Executive Director of the American Aging Association.Smith served as Editor-in Chief of Journal of Alzheimer's Disease and also sat on the Editorial Board of over 20 leading journals including Science Translational Medicine, Discovery Medicine, Journal of Neurochemistry, Journal of Pathology and The American Journal of Pathology.  He is recognized in the field of Alzheimer's disease research particularly for his work on oxidative stress, mitochondria dysfunction and cell cycle re-entry and, with a h-index of 73 and over 800 peer-review articles and reviews that have received over 21,000 citations, he was named as one of the top Alzheimer's disease researchers in the world, one of the top 100 most-cited scientists in Neuroscience & Behavior and one of the top 25 scientists in free radical research.His many honors included the Jordi Folch-Pi Award from the American Society for Neurochemistry, the ASIP Outstanding Investigator Award from the American Society for Investigative Pathology and being elected as a Fellow of the Royal College of Pathologists, a Fellow of the American Aging Association, and a Fellow of American Association for the Advancement of Science, the world's largest scientific organization.
<Sheller-Globe_Corporation>	Sheller-Globe Corporation was a U.S. auto parts manufacturer and industrial conglomerate based in Toledo, Ohio. Formed in 1966 on a heritage of much older companies, Sheller-Globe grew through the acquisition (and divesture) of many other businesses before it was acquired by United Technologies Corporation in 1989.Sheller-Globe Corporation was established in 1966, with the combination of two much older companies, the earlier having been formed in the 19th century.Cincinnati, Ohio-based Globe Files Company was formed in Cincinnati in 1882. The original purpose of the Globe Files Company was to manufacture file cabinets and office equipment. Two years after the company was formed, its first catalogue was released. As business expanded into diverse areas, the company's name was changed to the Globe Company. In 1890, the Michigan-based office supply company Wernicke Company was acquired. The company became Globe Wernicke.
<Vladimir_Putin>	Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin (born 7 October 1952) is a Russian politician and former intelligence officer who has held office as president of Russia since 2012, having previously done so between 2000 and 2008. He was the Prime Minister of Russia from 1999 to 2000 and again from 2008 to 2012, thus having served continuously as either president or prime minister from 1999 onwards.Putin worked as a KGB foreign intelligence officer for 16 years, rising to the rank of lieutenant colonel before resigning in 1991 to begin a political career in Saint Petersburg. He moved to Moscow in 1996 to join the administration of president Boris Yeltsin. He briefly served as director of the Federal Security Service (FSB) and secretary of the Security Council of Russia, before being appointed as prime minister in August 1999. After the resignation of Yeltsin, Putin became Acting President of Russia and, less than four months later, was elected outright to his first term as president. He was reelected in 2004. As he was constitutionally limited to two consecutive terms as president at the time, Putin served as prime minister again from 2008 to 2012 under Dmitry Medvedev. He returned to the presidency in 2012 in an election marred by allegations of fraud and protests and was reelected in 2018. In April 2021, following a referendum, he signed into law constitutional amendments including one that would allow him to run for reelection twice more, potentially extending his presidency to 2036.
<New_Academy_(Moscopole)>	The New Academy or Greek Academy (Greek: Νέα Ἀκαδημία, Ελληνικό Φροντιστήριο) was a renowned educational institution, operating from 1743 to 1769 in Moscopole, an 18th-century cultural and commercial metropolis of the Aromanians and leading center of Greek culture in what is now southern Albania. It was nicknamed the "worthiest jewel of the city" and played a very active role in the inception of the modern Greek Enlightenment movement.Moscopole, currently a small village in southern Albania, used to be an 18th-century city, inhabited then and now predominantly by Aromanians. It became a center of Greek culture, with Greek being the language of education in the local schools, as well as the language of the books published by the local printing house, founded either in 1720 or in 1731. Seemingly it was the second printing press founded in the Ottoman Empire, after the also Greek printing press in Istanbul. Education was so actively promoted, that the city emerged as a leading center of Greek intellectual activity.An educational institution, called The Greek College, was active in the city as early as 1700. Its first director, Chrysanthos, was a monk from Zitsa, while, in 1724,  Ioannina born scholar, Nicolaos Stigmis, became schoolmaster. After 1730 and for a short period, Ioannis Chalkeus an Aristotelian philosopher also taught in the school. During that time the teaching staff included scholars from various ethnic backgrounds: Aromanian, Greek and Albanian.
<Stuart_Geman>	Stuart Alan Geman (born March 23, 1949) is an American mathematician, known for influential contributions to computer vision, statistics, probability theory, machine learning, and the neurosciences. He and his brother, Donald Geman, are well known for proposing the Gibbs sampler, and for the first proof of convergence of the simulated annealing algorithm.Geman was born and raised in Chicago. He was educated at the University of Michigan (B.S., Physics, 1971), Dartmouth Medical College (MS, Neurophysiology, 1973), and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (Ph.D, Applied Mathematics, 1977).Since 1977, he has been a member of the faculty at Brown University, where he has worked in the Pattern Theory group, and is currently the James Manning Professor of Applied Mathematics. He has received many honors and awards, including selection as a Presidential Young Investigator and as an ISI Highly Cited researcher. He is an elected member of the International Statistical Institute, and a fellow of the Institute of Mathematical Statistics and of the American Mathematical Society. He was elected to the US National Academy of Sciences in 2011.
<À_rebours>	À rebours (French pronunciation: ​[a ʁ(ə).buʁ]; translated Against Nature or Against the Grain) is an 1884 novel by the French writer Joris-Karl Huysmans. The narrative centers on a single character: Jean des Esseintes, an eccentric, reclusive, ailing aesthete. The last scion of an aristocratic family, Des Esseintes loathes nineteenth-century bourgeois society and tries to retreat into an ideal artistic world of his own creation. The narrative is almost entirely a catalogue of the neurotic Des Esseintes's aesthetic tastes, musings on literature, painting, and religion, and hyperaesthesic sensory experiences.À rebours contains many themes that became associated with the Symbolist aesthetic. In doing so, it broke from Naturalism and became the ultimate example of "Decadent" literature, inspiring works such as Oscar Wilde's The Picture of Dorian Gray (1890). In his preface for the 1903 publication of the novel, Huysmans wrote that he had the idea to portray a man "soaring upwards into dream, seeking refuge in illusions of extravagant fantasy, living alone, far from his century, among memories of more congenial times, of less base surroundings ... each chapter became the sublimate of a specialism, the refinement of a different art; it became condensed into an essence of jewellery, perfumes, religious and secular literature, of profane music and plain-chant."À rebours marked a watershed in Huysmans' career. His early works had been Naturalist in style, being realistic depictions of the drudgery and squalor of working- and lower-middle-class life in Paris. However, by the early 1880s, Huysmans regarded this approach to fiction as a dead end. As he wrote in his preface to the 1903 reissue of À rebours:
<New_Rochelle,_New_York>	New Rochelle (/ˌnɜːrəˈʃɛl/; older French: La Nouvelle-Rochelle) is a city in Westchester County, New York, United States, in the southeastern portion of the state. In 2020, the city had a population of 79,726, making it the seventh-largest in the state of New York. Some residents refer to the city as  New Ro or New Roc City. The European settlement was started by refugee Huguenots (French Protestants) in 1688, who were fleeing religious persecution in France (such as Dragonnades) after the king's revocation of the Edict of Nantes. Many of the settlers were artisans and craftsmen from the city of La Rochelle, France, thus influencing the choice of the name of "New Rochelle".[citation needed]
<Brühl_Palace,_Warsaw>	The Brühl Palace (Polish: Pałac Brühla), formerly known as Sandomierski Palace, was a palatial residence standing at Piłsudski Square, in central Warsaw, Poland. It was one of the largest palaces and one of the finest examples of rococo architecture in pre-World War II Warsaw.The palace was built between 1639 and 1642 by Lorenzo de Sent for Crown Grand Chancellor Jerzy Ossoliński in Mannerist style. It was built on the plan of an elongated rectangle with two hexagonal towers at garden side of the building. The palace was adorned with sculptures – an allegory of Poland above the main portal, four figures of kings of Poland in the niches and a statue of Minerva crowning the roof. A possible inspiration for the palace's upper pavilion and its characteristic roof was Bonifaz Wohlmut's reconstruction of Belvedere in Prague, 1557–1563.After the Chancellor's death the property was inherited by his daughter Helena Tekla Ossolińska, wife of Aleksander Michał Lubomirski, Starost of Sandomierz (from whom it takes its name). Later, between 1681 and 1696, it was rebuilt and remodeled by Tylman Gamerski and Giovanni Bellotti for Prince Józef Karol Lubomirski – Aleksander Michał's son.
<Macchi_M.C.94>	The Macchi M.C.94 was a 1930s Italian commercial flying boat built by Macchi.The M.C.94 was designed by Mario Castoldi as a commercial passenger transport flying boat to replace the Ala Littoria airline's  elderly CANT 10s. Constructed mainly of wood, it was a high-wing cantilever monoplane with a two-step hull and single fin and rudder. The prototype, which was an amphibian with a retractable wheeled undercarriage which swung forward into streamlined casings in the leading edges of the wings, was powered by two 574 kilowatts (770 hp) Wright SGR-1820-F Cyclone nine-cylinder air-cooled radial engines mounted above the wing, each driving a tractor propeller. It was followed by 11 production aircraft, which were all pure flying boats. From the seventh aircraft, 570 kilowatts (760 hp) Alfa Romeo 126 R.C.10 radial engines were fitted. The three-man crew was accommodated in a raised and enclosed cockpit and the main cabin could accommodate 12 passengers.Ala Littoria purchased the prototype and first five production aircraft in 1936. The Regia Aeronautica (Italian Royal Air Force) declined purchase of the final six production aircraft,[citation needed] which Ala Littoria then also bought.
<Henry_Maley>	Henry Kennedy Maley (17 June 1878 – 26 February 1956) was an Australian politician who was a Country Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1917 to 1924 and again from 1929 to 1930. He was the state leader of the Country Party from 1922 to 1923, and a minister in the government of Sir James Mitchell from 1921 to 1924.Maley was born in Greenough, Western Australia, to Elizabeth (née Waldeck) and John Stephen Maley. He attended the High School in Perth on a scholarship, and after leaving began working as a clerk for the Midland Railway Company. After two years, he moved to Kalgoorlie and was employed by a mining syndicate. During the Boer War, Maley served with the West Australian Mounted Infantry. He took over his father's farm in Greenough after the war's end, and also owned land in Three Springs from 1907 to 1913 (in partnership with his brothers). Maley served as secretary of the Greenough Road Board, and was also secretary of the Geraldton branch of the Farmers' and Settlers' Association.
<James_Bjorken>	James Daniel "BJ" Bjorken (born 1934) is an American theoretical physicist.  He was a Putnam Fellow in 1954, received a BS in physics from MIT in 1956, and obtained his PhD from Stanford University in 1959.  He was a visiting scholar at the Institute for Advanced Study in the fall of 1962.  Bjorken is Emeritus Professor in the SLAC Theory Group at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center, and was a member of the Theory Department of the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory (1979–1989).He was awarded the Dirac Medal of the ICTP in 2004;  and, in 2015, the Wolf Prize in Physics  and the EPS High Energy and Particle Physics Prize.James Bjorken's father, J. Daniel Bjorken, was an immigrant from Sweden near Lake Siljan. He changed his surname from "Björkén" to Bjorken upon arriving in the US; he moved to Chicago to work as an electrical engineer, which is where he met his future wife, Edith. James Bjorken grew up in Chicago and enjoyed mathematics, chemistry, the French horn, and watching the Chicago Cubs play at Wrigley Field. After graduating from Maine East High School in 1952, he decided to attend Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) over the University of Chicago. Despite being offered more financial aid to attend the University of Chicago, his parents advised him that he should move further away to find his independence.
<Swarthmore_College>	Swarthmore College (/ˈswɔːrθmɔːr/ SWORTH-mor, locally /ˈswɑːθmɔːr/ SWAHTH-mor) is a private liberal arts college in Swarthmore, Pennsylvania. Founded in 1864, with its first classes held in 1869, Swarthmore is one of the earliest coeducational colleges in the United States. It was established as a college "under the care of Friends, [and] at which an education may be obtained equal to that of the best institutions of learning in our country." By 1906, Swarthmore had dropped its religious affiliation and officially became non-sectarian.Swarthmore is a member of the Tri-College Consortium, a cooperative academic arrangement with Bryn Mawr and Haverford College. Swarthmore also is affiliated with the University of Pennsylvania through the Quaker Consortium, which allows for students to cross-register for classes at all four institutions. Swarthmore offers over 600 courses per year in more than 40 areas of study, including an ABET-accredited engineering program that culminates in a Bachelor of Science in engineering. Swarthmore has a variety of sporting teams with 22 Division III Intercollegiate sports teams, and it competes in the Centennial Conference, a group of private colleges in Pennsylvania and Maryland.
<Yvonne_Gilan>	Yvonne Janette Gilan (12 October 1931 – 14 June 2018) was a Scottish actress who is best known for her portrayal of Mme. Peignoir in Fawlty Towers (episode "The Wedding Party") and minor roles in both EastEnders and French Fields. She was married to the television director Michael Gill, and was the mother of the late journalist, Adrian, known as A. A. Gill.In 1964, Gilan wrote a short fantasy film, The Peaches, starring Juliet Harmer, with a small cameo role for her son Adrian as a bespectacled chess player. The film became the British choice for the Cannes Film Festival, and won several international awards. Her comic skills were displayed earlier in Alan Bennett's comedy series On the Margin (1966).
<Hilary_Duff>	Hilary Erhard Duff (born September 28, 1987) is an American actress and singer. She is the recipient of various accolades, including seven Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards, four Teen Choice Awards and two Young Artist Awards. She began her acting career at a young age, quickly being labeled a teen idol, as the title character of the television series, Lizzie McGuire (2001–2004), and in the film based on the series, The Lizzie McGuire Movie (2003).Thereafter, she appeared in numerous mainstream films such as Cadet Kelly (2002), Agent Cody Banks (2003), Cheaper by the Dozen (2003) and A Cinderella Story (2004). She later appeared in independent films playing a wider range of adult-themed roles, such as War, Inc. (2008), According to Greta (2009), and The Haunting of Sharon Tate (2019), inspired by the real-life Tate–LaBianca murders. From 2015 to 2021, Duff starred as Kelsey Peters in TV Land’s longest-running original series Younger, for which she received two People's Choice Awards nominations. As of 2022, she produces and stars in How I Met Your Father as the lead role, Sophie.
<Fritz_Von_Erich>	Jack Barton Adkisson Sr. (August 16, 1929 – September 10, 1997), better known by his ring name Fritz Von Erich, was an American professional wrestler, wrestling promoter, and the patriarch of the Von Erich family. He was a 3-time world champion and a record 20-time NWA United States Champion. He was also the owner of the World Class Championship Wrestling territory.Adkisson attended Southern Methodist University, where he threw discus and played football.  He has been reported to have played with the now defunct Dallas Texans of the NFL (not the AFL team which became the Kansas City Chiefs), but this is not true. He was signed as a guard but was cut. He then tried the Canadian Football League (CFL).
<Francis_Escudero>	Francis Joseph "Chiz" Guevara Escudero (Tagalog pronunciation: [ɛskʊˈdero], born October 10, 1969) is a Filipino lawyer and politician serving as a  Senator since 2022, and previously from 2007 to 2019. He recently served as governor of Sorsogon from 2019 to 2022, and was the representative for Sorsogon's 1st district from 1998 to 2007, as well as House Minority Leader from 2004 to 2007. He unsuccessfully ran for vice president of the Philippines in the 2016 elections as the running mate of Grace Poe. Born to a family of politicians from Sorsogon, he attended the University of the Philippines from kindergarten through law school. Prior to entering politics, he worked as a lawyer and lecturer and earned his Master of Laws degree from Georgetown University in the United States.
<Neile_Adams>	Ruby Neilam Salvador Adams (born July 10, 1932), known professionally as Neile Adams, is a Filipino American actress, singer, and dancer who made more than 20 appearances in films and television series between 1952 and 1991.Adams was born in Manila in 1932, daughter of José Arrastia, the maternal great-grandfather of Enrique Iglesias. She reportedly never met her father. Her mother, Carmen "Miami" Salvador, was a hula dancer of Spanish and German descent. In her early teens, during the Japanese army's occupation of Manila during World War II, Adams became a spy for the Philippine resistance, carrying messages between guerrilla groups. She was later wounded by shrapnel during the Allied liberation of the island. She moved to the United States in 1948 and attended Rosemary Hall, a private school in Connecticut. She then went to New York to study dancing where she got a scholarship at the Katherine Dunham School of Dance. To avoid typecasting because of her name, she became known as Neile Adams.
<Anthem_of_the_Slovene_nation>	The national anthem of Slovenia is based on "Zdravljica" [zdraʋljìːt͡sa], a carmen figuratum poem by the 19th-century Romantic Slovene poet France Prešeren, inspired by the ideals of Liberté, égalité, fraternité, and set to music by Stanko Premrl. As the country's national anthem, it is one of the state symbols of Slovenia.Historically, the national anthem from 1860 until the beginning of the 1990s, was "Naprej, zastava slave" ("Forward, Flag of Glory"), the first ever piece of Slovene literature to be translated into English.The words of the current Slovene national anthem are all or part of "Zdravljica", written by the 19th-century Slovene poet France Prešeren for which music was written by the Slovene composer Stanko Premrl in 1905.  Emphasising internationalism, it was defined in 1994 as the anthem with the Act on the national symbols of Slovenia.  However, even before the breakup of Yugoslavia, the lyrics and music were together adopted as the regional anthem of the Socialist Republic of Slovenia on 27 September 1989. Therefore, it was the regional anthem of the Socialist Republic of Slovenia (known as simply the "Republic of Slovenia" from 1990 to 1991) as a constituent republic of Yugoslavia from 8 March 1990 to 25 June 1991, as well.
<Rumford_Medal>	The Rumford Medal is an award bestowed by Britain's Royal Society every alternating year for "an outstandingly important recent discovery in the field of thermal or optical properties of matter made by a scientist working in Europe". First awarded during 1800, it was created after a 1796 donation of $5000 by the scientist Benjamin Thompson, known as Count Rumford, and is accompanied by a gift of £1000. Since its inception, the award has been granted to 104 scientists, including Rumford himself during 1800. 
<University_of_Göttingen>	The University of Göttingen, officially the Georg August University of Göttingen, (German: Georg-August-Universität Göttingen, known informally as Georgia Augusta) is a public research university in the city of Göttingen, Germany. Founded in 1734 by George II, King of Great Britain and Elector of Hanover, and starting classes in 1737, the Georgia Augusta was conceived to promote the ideals of the Enlightenment. It is the oldest university in the state of Lower Saxony and the largest in student enrollment, which stands at around 31,600.Home to many noted figures, it represents one of Germany's historic and traditional institutions. According to an official exhibition held by the University of Göttingen in 2002, 44 Nobel Prize winners had been affiliated with the University of Göttingen as alumni, faculty members or researchers by that year alone.  
<Steve_Mattin>	Steve Mattin (born 29 October 1964) is a British automobile designer. He is known as the chief designer of AvtoVAZ Lada, as well as the designer of Mercedes ML-Class and GL-Class E vehicles.Steve Mattin was born in Bedford, England on 29 October 1964 and grew up in Wootton. In 1987, he graduated from Coventry University, specialising in industrial design.
<Angus_MacPhail>	Angus Roy MacPhail (8 April 1903 – 22 April 1962) was an English screenwriter, active from the late 1920s. He is best remembered for his work with Alfred Hitchcock.Son of merchant clerk Angus MacPhail and Fanny Maud (née Karlowa), he was born in Lewisham, London, and educated at Westminster School and Trinity Hall, Cambridge where he studied English and edited Granta. At Cambridge, he was a close friend of fellow Old Westminsters Ivor Montagu, later a filmmaker, who described MacPhail as "a red-haired and rather gauche Scot from Blackheath", and Arnold Haskell, later a dance critic and headmaster of the Royal Ballet School.
<James_Arthur_(mathematician)>	James Greig Arthur CC FRSC FRS (born May 18, 1944) is a Canadian mathematician working on automorphic forms, and former President of the American Mathematical Society. He is a Mossman Chair and University Professor at the University of Toronto Department of Mathematics.Born in Hamilton, Ontario, Arthur graduated from Upper Canada College in 1962, received a BSc from the University of Toronto in 1966, and a MSc from the same institution in 1967. He received his PhD from Yale University in 1970. He was a student of Robert Langlands; his dissertation was Analysis of Tempered Distributions on Semisimple Lie Groups of Real Rank One.
<Johnny_Powers_(wrestler)>	Johnny Powers (born Dennis Waters, March 20, 1943) is a Canadian retired professional wrestler. He competed in several North American and International promotions including National Wrestling Alliance (NWA), American Wrestling Association (AWA), Maple Leaf Wrestling, National Wrestling Federation, International Wrestling Association and the World Wide Wrestling Federation feuding with then WWWF World Heavyweight Champion Bruno Sammartino during the early 1960s NWA's Lou Thesz, Gene Kiniski and AWA's Verne Gagne.As a sports event promoter and television producer since 1967, he has presented over 3,500 live wrestling and sports events from Singapore to New York City to Trinidad. He co-founded the National Wrestling Federation (NWF), which he sold to Japanese interests in 1973. Powers was the first major international syndicator of television wrestling with programs in over 27 countries.Dennis Waters was born in Hamilton, Ontario. At 15, he started training under the tutelage of Canadian light heavyweight wrestling champion Jack Wentworth. Powers had his first professional match in 1960 in Detroit at age 17 while attending McMaster University in Hamilton. He left university and became a professional wrestler, formally turning professional at age 20 in Detroit as Lord Anthony Lansdowne.
<Zhuo_Lin>	Zhuo Lin (April 6, 1916 – July 29, 2009) was the third and last wife of Deng Xiaoping, former Paramount leader of China.Born Pu Qiongying (simplified Chinese: 浦琼英; traditional Chinese: 浦瓊英; pinyin: Pǔ Qióngyīng) in Xuanwei, Yunnan province, she was the daughter of an industrialist who manufactured Yunnan ham. She attended Peking University, then moved to the Chinese Communist Party base in Yan'an, changed her name to Zhuo Lin, and then joined the Chinese Communist Party in 1938. In 1939 she married Deng in front of Mao Zedong's cave dwelling in Yan'an. They had five children - three daughters (Deng Lin, Deng Nan, Deng Rong) and two sons (Deng Pufang, Deng Zhifang). She died on July 29, 2009, aged 93, in Beijing.
<Olympique_Lyonnais>	Olympique Lyonnais (French pronunciation: ​[ɔlɛ̃pik ljɔnɛ]), commonly referred to as simply Lyon (French pronunciation: ​[ljɔ̃]) or OL, is a men and women's French professional football club based in Lyon in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes. The men play in France's highest football division, Ligue 1. Founded in 1950, the club won its first Ligue 1 championship in 2002, starting a national record-setting streak of seven successive titles. Lyon has also won eight Trophées des Champions, five Coupes de France, and three Ligue 2 titles.Lyon has participated in the UEFA Champions League seventeen times, and during the 2009–10 season, reached the semi-finals of the competition for the first time after three previous quarter-final appearances. They once again reached this stage in the 2019–20 season. Olympique Lyonnais plays its home matches at the 59,186-seat Parc Olympique Lyonnais, commercially known as the Groupama Stadium, in Décines-Charpieu, a suburb of Lyon. The club's home colors are white, red and blue. Lyon was a member of the G14 group of leading European football clubs and are founder members of its successor, the European Club Association.
<Brian_Jay_Jones>	Brian Jay Jones (born August 1, 1967) is an American biographer, primarily of American pop culture icons. He is a former president of Biographers International Organization.Born in Kansas City, Kansas, Jones was raised primarily in Albuquerque, New Mexico. He attended Eldorado High School and graduated from the University of New Mexico, where he earned a degree in English in 1989.For nearly a decade, Jones served as a Legislative Assistant and speechwriter in the United States Senate, working for U.S. Senators Pete V. Domenici and James M. Jeffords. He specialized in policy matters relating to education, civil rights, and welfare reform, and served as staff member on the United States Senate Health Subcommittee on Children and Families. Jones has also been an Associate State Superintendent for Education for the State of Arizona, and has served as an advisor to several locally elected officials in Maryland.
<United_Labour_Party_(New_Zealand)>	The United Labour Party (ULP) of New Zealand was an early left-wing political party. Founded in 1912, it represented the more moderate wing of the labour movement. In 1916 it joined with other political groups to establish the modern Labour Party.The United Labour Party has its origins in the first Labour Party, a distinct organisation from the modern one. The first Labour Party had been established in 1910 after the perceived failure of its predecessor, the Independent Political Labour League. The Labour Party represented the moderate wing of the labour movement, with the Socialist Party representing the more radical faction.
<Marie_Marguerite,_Duchess_of_Anjou>	Marie Marguerite, Duchess of Anjou (née María Margarita Vargas Santaella; born 21 October 1983) is a Venezuelan heiress and wife of Louis Alphonse, Duke of Anjou, who is considered by Legitimists to be the rightful king of France, making her the Legitimist queen of France and Navarre.Marie Marguerite was born on 21 October 1983 in Caracas. Her father, Víctor José Vargas Irausquín, is the owner of Banco BOD or Banco Occidental de Descuento (BOD Bank or Western Bank of Discount - WBD). Her mother is Carmen Leonor Santaella Tellería. She has a sister, María Victoria, who is married to Francisco Javier d'Agostino Casado. She also had a brother, Víctor José, who died young.  She studied at the Colegio Merici de las Madres Ursulinas in Caracas and did her degree on pedagogy at the Universidad Metropolitana de Caracas.She married Louis Alphonse, Duke of Anjou in a civil ceremony in Caracas on 5 November 2004 and in a religious ceremony the following day at La Romana, Dominican Republic. The couple have a daughter, Princess Eugénie of Bourbon (born 5 March 2007) at Mount Sinai Hospital, Miami, Florida. She gave birth to twin boys, Louis, Duke of Burgundy and Prince Alphonse, Duke of Berry (Spanish: Luis and Alfonso), on 28 May 2010. They currently live in Madrid, Spain. The couple had their fourth child, Prince Henri, Duke of Touraine, on 1 February 2019 in New York.
<Cassa_Centrale_Banca_-_Credito_Cooperativo_del_Nord_Est>	Cassa Centrale Banca - Credito Cooperativo del Nord Est S.p.A. is a central institute of the cooperative banks (rural credit union) of Trentino, based in Trento, Trentino. Some cooperative banks (rural credit union) of Veneto and Friuli – Venezia Giulia also joined.In 2017 the central institution applied to be one of the central bank for proposed co-operative banking groups of whole Italy. The other candidate was ICCREA Banca (and Raiffeisen Landesbank Südtirol – Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige for South Tyrol autonomous province only). A new Italian law required all co-operative banks of Italy to join a banking group, which the central institution has power to recapitalize individual member banks, but the central institution itself would be owned by the member banks in a majority. Cassa Centrale Banca - Credito Cooperativo del Nord Est had proposed to change their name to Cassa Centrale Banca – Credito Cooperativo Italiano.Cassa Centrale Banca had a joint venture "Casse Rurali – Raiffeisen Finanziaria" with its South Tyrol counterpart. The joint venture was the largest shareholder of Investitionsbank  – Mediocredito of South Tyrol - Trentino autonomous region.
<Katie_Ford_(CEO)>	Mary Katherine "Katie" Ford (born 1955) is the former CEO of the modeling agency Ford Models, Inc. from 1995 until 2007.Ford is the daughter of Eileen Ford (née Ottensoser) and Gerard William "Jerry" Ford, who started the agency in 1946.  She holds a BA from Sarah Lawrence College and an MBA from Columbia University.Ford worked for Strategic Planning Associates as a management consultant and TeleRep as a television sales representative.
<The_New_House>	The New House is a 1953 painting by Australian artist John Brack. The painting depicts a man and a woman standing in front of their fireplace in a room.The work "pervades a sense of flatness, embodied by Brack's smooth application of paint, emphasising the clean, sparse qualities of the room."
<LucasArts>	Lucasfilm Games (known as LucasArts between 1990 and 2021) is an American video game licensor that is part of Lucasfilm. It was founded in May 1982 by George Lucas as a video game development group alongside his film company; as part of a larger 1990 reorganization of the Lucasfilm divisions, the video game development division was grouped and rebranded as part of LucasArts. LucasArts became known for its line of adventure games based on its SCUMM engine in the 1990s, including Maniac Mansion, the Monkey Island series, and several Indiana Jones titles. A number of influential game developers were alumni of LucasArts from this period, including Brian Moriarty, Tim Schafer, Ron Gilbert, and Dave Grossman. Later, as Lucasfilm regained control over its licensing over the Star Wars franchise, LucasArts produced numerous action-based Star Wars titles in the late 1990s and early 2000s, while dropping adventure game development due to waning interest in the genre.Lucasfilm was wholly acquired by The Walt Disney Company in December 2012, and by April 2013, Disney had announced the shuttering of LucasArts in all but name, keeping the division around to handle licensing of Lucasfilm properties to third-party developers, primarily Electronic Arts, and having any in-house development transferred to Disney Interactive Studios. Disney has since 2021 revitalized the Lucasfilm Games brand as the licenser of all Lucasfilm-related properties.
<Felix_Bastians>	Felix Bastians (born 9 May 1988) is a German professional footballer who plays as a centre-back or left-back for Regionalliga West club Rot-Weiss Essen.Bastians began his career with SG Wattenscheid 09 and VfL Bochum before moving to Borussia Dortmund. In November 2003 at 15 years old he signed for English club Nottingham Forest.
<John_McLaughlin_(host)>	John Joseph McLaughlin (/məkˈlɑːklɪn/; March 29, 1927 – August 16, 2016) was an American television personality and political commentator. He created, produced, and hosted the political commentary series The McLaughlin Group. He also hosted and produced John McLaughlin's One on One, which ran from 1984 to 2013.John Joseph McLaughlin was born in Providence, Rhode Island, the son of Augustus Hugh McLaughlin and his wife Eva Philomena, née Turcotte. He grew up in a Catholic family who were second-generation Irish Americans and attended La Salle Academy, Providence. At age 18, he entered Weston College in Weston, Massachusetts, which later became the theological seminary of Boston College, to become a Catholic priest.
<Taxiride>	Taxiride are an Australian rock band. Formed in 1997, the band consists of Dan Hall, Jason Singh, Tim Watson and Tim Wild.Prior to formation, the four founding members of Taxiride—Hall, Singh, Watson and Wild—had been playing in cover bands around Melbourne. The quartet recorded an EP, which a taxi-driving friend of theirs helped promote. They took their name from the experience had by passengers first hearing their music on a taxi ride. After their music was heard by an executive from record label Warner, the band signed a contract and released their debut album, Imaginate, in 1999. This was followed by 2002's Garage Mahal. Both albums were certified platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA). 2005's Axiomatic did not follow in the success of its predecessors.
<Shakespeare's_Villains>	Shakespeare's Villains is a one-man play, created and performed by Steven Berkoff.Following its first run at London's Theatre Royal, Haymarket (7 July – 8 August 1998) where it was produced by Berkoff's East Productions and Marc Sinden (who also co-directed), it was nominated for The Society of London Theatre Laurence Olivier Award for Best Entertainment.
<Gillingham_F.C.>	Gillingham Football Club is a professional association football club based in the town of Gillingham, Kent, England. The only Kent-based club in the Football League, the "Gills" play their home matches at Priestfield Stadium. The team compete in League Two, the fourth tier of the English football league system, in the 2022–23 season. Paul Scally has been the club's owner and chairman since 1995.The club was founded in 1893 as New Brompton Football Club, a name retained until 1912, and played in the Southern League before joining the Football League in 1920.  After 18 unsuccessful seasons, Gillingham were voted out of the league in favour of Ipswich Town at the end of the 1937–38 season, and returned to the Southern League.  The club was voted back into the Football League in 1950, when it was expanded from 88 to 92 clubs. Twice in the late 1980s Gillingham came close to winning promotion to the second tier of English football, but a decline then set in and in 1993 they narrowly avoided relegation to the Football Conference. Between 2000 and 2005, Gillingham were in the second tier of the English football league system for the only time in their history, achieving a club record highest league finish of eleventh place in 2002–03.
<Selman_A._Waksman_Award_in_Microbiology>	The Selman A. Waksman Award in Microbiology is awarded by the U.S. National Academy of Sciences  "in recognition of excellence in the field of microbiology." Named after Selman Waksman, it was first awarded in 1968. A $5000 prize is included in the honor.Source: National Academy of SciencesFor her pioneering contributions to the field of cellular microbiology and her fundamental work uncovering novel mechanisms that govern the interplay between the pathogenic intracellular bacterium Listeria and its mammalian host, as well as her many contributions to supporting microbiology worldwide.
<Brighton>	Brighton (/ˈbraɪtən/) is a seaside resort and one of the two main areas of the City of Brighton and Hove in the county of East Sussex, England. It is located 47 miles (76 km) south of London.Archaeological evidence of settlement in the area dates back to the Bronze Age, Roman and Anglo-Saxon periods. The ancient settlement of "Brighthelmstone" was documented in the Domesday Book (1086). The town's importance grew in the Middle Ages as the Old Town developed, but it languished in the early modern period, affected by foreign attacks, storms, a suffering economy and a declining population. Brighton began to attract more visitors following improved road transport to London and becoming a boarding point for boats travelling to France. The town also developed in popularity as a health resort for sea bathing as a purported cure for illnesses.
<Aage_Bohr>	Aage Niels Bohr (Danish: [ˈɔːwə ˈne̝ls ˈpoɐ̯ˀ] (listen); 19 June 1922 – 8 September 2009) was a Danish nuclear physicist who shared the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1975 with Ben Roy Mottelson and James Rainwater "for the discovery of the connection between collective motion and particle motion in atomic nuclei and the development of the theory of the structure of the atomic nucleus based on this connection". Starting from Rainwater's concept of an irregular-shaped liquid drop model of the nucleus, Bohr and Mottelson developed a detailed theory that was in close agreement with experiments.Since his father, Niels Bohr, had won the prize in 1922, he and his father are one of the six pairs of fathers and sons who have both won the Nobel Prize and one of the four pairs who have both won the Nobel Prize in Physics.
<Gauthier_Manilius>	Gauthier Manilius (died late 1626) was active as a printer and bookseller in Ghent from 1574 until his death. His career was marked by the course of the Dutch Revolt.Gauthier took over the family printing business, founded by his father, on his brother Ghileyn's death in 1574. Over the course of his fifty-two-year career he printed over 300 titles. Under the Calvinist regime (1578–1584) he printed Calvinist books, most importantly a Dutch abridgement of Calvin's Institutes of the Christian Religion. From 1585 he printed Catholic books. Much of his work, however, was legal printing for the City of Ghent and the Council of Flanders, and other secular material. He died in late 1626. His widow ran the business from 1626 to 1631, when their son, Servais Manilius, came into his inheritance.
<MedicineNet>	MedicineNet is an American medical website that provides detailed information about diseases, conditions, medications and general health.The website MedicineNet.com was launched in 1995.William Shiel co-founded MedicineNet and continues today as the Chief Medical Editor.
<Marilyn_Erskine>	Marilyn Erskine (born April 24, 1926) is an American actress who started performing at the age of three on radio, and has since appeared in radio, theater, film and television roles from the 1920s through the 1970s.Erskine was born in Rochester, New York on April 24, 1926, and starred in movies from early childhood. Erskine married Hollywood producer and director Stanley Kramer in May 1945. The marriage was annulled two months later. She later remarried, to insurance executive Charles Curland in 1955, and had two children. Their home in Brentwood, California was featured in an article in the Fall 1958 issue of Architectural Digest.Erskine started her performing career at the age of three years, appearing  on a local radio show in Buffalo, New York. She also appeared on the nationwide CBS radio show Let's Pretend sometime between 1929 and 1937, where children played all the roles in adaptions of fairy tales and other children's stories. She played Gail Carver in the soap opera Lora Lawton, which ran on NBC 1943-1950, Jane Brown on Young Widder Brown, which ran on NBC 1938-1956, and Cherry Martin in The Romance of Helen Trent, which ran on CBS 1933-1960. Erskine performed the role of Jane Baxter in Orson Welles's Mercury Theatre on the Air adaptation of Seventeen (October 16, 1938).
<Roy_Kerr>	Roy Patrick Kerr CNZM FRS FRSNZ (/kɜːr/; born 16 May 1934) is a New Zealand mathematician who discovered the Kerr geometry, an exact solution to the Einstein field equation of general relativity. His solution models the gravitational field outside an uncharged rotating massive object, including a rotating black hole. His solution to Einstein's equations predicted spinning black holes before they were discovered.Kerr was born in 1934 in Kurow, New Zealand. He was born into a dysfunctional family, and his mother was forced to leave when he was three. When his father went to war, he was sent to a farm. After his father's return from war, they moved to Christchurch. He got into St Andrew's College, a private school, as his father had served under a former headmaster. Kerr's mathematical talent was first recognised while he was still a high school student at St Andrew's College. Although there was no maths teacher there at the time he was able in 1951 to go straight into third year Mathematics at the Canterbury University College of the University of New Zealand, the precursor to the University of Canterbury. Their regulations did not permit him to graduate until 1954 and so it was not until September 1955 that he moved to the University of Cambridge, where he earned his PhD in 1959. His dissertation concerned the equations of motion in general relativity.
<Metropolitan_(1990_film)>	Metropolitan is a 1990 American romantic comedy-drama film and the debut of director and screenwriter Whit Stillman. The film concerns the lives of a group of wealthy young socialites during debutante season in Manhattan. In addition to some of their debutante parties, it covers their frequent informal after-hours gatherings at a friend's Upper East Side apartment, where they discuss life, philosophy and their fate; form attachments, romances and intrigues; and react to an interesting but less well-to-do newcomer. Metropolitan was nominated for Best Original Screenplay at the 63rd Academy Awards. The film is often considered the first of a trilogy of Stillman films, followed by Barcelona (1994, but written before Metropolitan) and The Last Days of Disco (1998).Middle-class Princeton student Tom Townsend, an admirer of Charles Fourier, attends a debutante dress ball one evening on a whim. After the ball, a mix-up leads to his meeting a small group of young Upper East Side socialites known as the Sally Fowler Rat Pack, after the girl whose apartment they use for after-hours parties. Believing that they accidentally stole a taxi from Tom, they decide to invite him to their after-hours party, to prevent ill feelings.
<Hans-Ulrich_Reissig>	Hans-Ulrich Reissig (German: Hans-Ulrich Reißig; born 9 May 1949) is a German chemist and was a full professor of Organic Chemistry at FU Berlin.Reissig was born in Helmbrechts, Bavaria, Germany. He studied chemistry at Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München (Germany) from 1970 to 1975, where he completed his Ph.D. in 1978 under the supervision of Rolf Huisgen, with a thesis "Neue Beiträge zu den Additionen der Diazoalkane und zur Chemie der 3H-Pyrazole"  (Contributions to the Additions of Diazoalkanes and the Chemistry of 3H-Pyrazoles). After a postdoctoral research stay at University of British Columbia, Vancouver, with Edward Piers (1938–2010), he started his independent research at the Julius-Maximilians-Universität Würzburg (Germany) in 1979 under the mentorship of Siegfried Hünig finishing his habilitation in 1984 (Chemistry of Donor-Acceptor Cyclopropanes). As Heisenberg awardee and lecturer he stayed in Würzburg until 1986. From 1986 to 1993, he was associate professor at TU Darmstadt and after the German reunification full professor at TU Dresden from 1993 to 1999. He was professor at FU Berlin from 1999 to his retirement in 2015.His research interests include the development of new synthetic methods, the investigation of reaction mechanisms and the synthesis of natural products. In 1980 he introduced the term "Donor-Acceptor Substituted Cyclopropanes" and used these building blocks systematically in his research. He is particularly interested in reactions of lithiated alkoxyallenes, the use of samarium diiodide in synthesis and cycloadditions of nitroso alkenes. Besides the synthesis of a broad range of heterocycles his group achieved total syntheses of natural products (strychnine, γ-rubromycin etc.) as well as the syntheses of bioactive compounds such as carbohydrate mimetics.
<Martin_&_Chamberlain>	John Henry Chamberlain, William Martin, and  Frederick Martin were architects in Victorian Birmingham, England. Their names are attributed singly or pairs to many red brick and terracotta buildings, particularly 41 of the forty-odd Birmingham board schools made necessary by the Elementary Education Act 1870.Martin & Chamberlain were responsible for the Birmingham board schools, being made architects to the new Schools Board in 1871 and building 30 schools between 1871 and 1883, using Chamberlain's gothic design and bold visible ironwork. They were the surveyors for the new Corporation Street from 1878.
<Paulo_Machado>	Paulo Ricardo Ribeiro de Jesus Machado (born 31 March 1986) is a Portuguese former professional footballer who played as a central midfielder.Formed at Porto, he amassed Primeira Liga totals of 103 matches and eight goals over five seasons, in representation of as many clubs. He also competed professionally in France, Greece, Croatia and India, winning the national championship twice each with Olympiacos and Dinamo Zagreb.
<The_BFG_(1989_film)>	The BFG is a 1989 British animated fantasy adventure film produced by Cosgrove Hall Films, based on the 1982 novel of the same name by Roald Dahl. It was directed by Brian Cosgrove and written by John Hambley. The film was first shown on 25 December 1989 on ITV in the United Kingdom.The film was dedicated to animator George Jackson, who had worked on numerous Cosgrove Hall productions prior to his death in 1986. This film is also the last role of Ballard Berkeley (the voice of the Head of the Army), who died in 1988.
<Kung_Fu_Panda_(video_game)>	Kung Fu Panda is a video game loosely based on the movie of the same name. Developed in a collaborative effort between Luxoflux, XPEC Entertainment, Beenox, and Vicarious Visions, and published by Activision, the game was released for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Microsoft Windows, macOS, PlayStation 2, Wii, and Nintendo DS in June 2008. It is about the quest of a giant panda named Po to become the Dragon Warrior.Kung Fu Panda is based on the movie Kung Fu Panda. Players initially control Po, who differs from the movie in that he possesses a basic level of martial arts skill from the beginning, enabling him to participate in battle. In addition to fighting and jumping challenges, maintaining balance is another important element of the game, such as Po crossing tightropes, staying on moving platforms, and steering a boat through a dangerous river. Over the course of the game's narrative, the player improves Po's skill by adding various new fighting techniques and special moves, although in some parts of the game, the player will have to complete the tasks as another character.After collecting a number of coins at the end of each level, the player has the option to buy upgrades to Po's moves and health, as well as a different set of new outfits. Eventually, as the player progresses through the game, they'll be able to unlock other characters, including Master Shifu and the members of the Furious Five (a team of elite fighters each with their own fighting styles and mini-games). In addition, the player will be able to use objects and weapons when fighting. Furthermore, before each new level, Po narrates the continuing story, while the words are being scrolled up on the screen.
<Australian_Labor_Party>	The Australian Labor Party (ALP), also simply known as Labor, is the major centre-left political party in Australia, one of two major parties in Australian politics, along with the centre-right Liberal Party of Australia. The party forms the federal government since being elected in the 2022 election. The ALP is a federal party, with political branches in each state and territory. They are currently in government in Victoria, Queensland, Western Australia, South Australia, the Australian Capital Territory, and the Northern Territory. They are currently in opposition in New South Wales and Tasmania. It is the oldest political party in Australia, being established on 8 May 1901 at Parliament House, Melbourne, the meeting place of the first federal Parliament.The ALP was not founded as a federal party until after the first sitting of the Australian parliament in 1901. It is regarded as descended from labour parties founded in the various Australian colonies by the emerging labour movement in Australia, formally beginning in 1891. Colonial labour parties contested seats from 1891, and federal seats following Federation at the 1901 federal election. The ALP formed the world's first labour party government and the world's first social-democratic government at a national level. At the 1910 federal election, Labor was the first party in Australia to win a majority in either house of the Australian parliament. In every election since 1910 Labor has either served as the governing party or the opposition. There have been 13 Labor Prime Ministers and 10 Periods of Federal Labor Governments.
<Dan_Rhodes>	Dan Rhodes (born 1972) is an English writer, possibly best known for the novel Timoleon Vieta Come Home (2003), a subversion of the popular Lassie Come Home movie. He is also the author of Anthropology (2000), a collection of 101 stories, each consisting of exactly 101 words. In 2010 he was awarded the E. M. Forster Award.Rhodes grew up in Devon, and graduated in Humanities from the University of Glamorgan (now the University of South Wales) in 1994, returning in 1997 to complete an MA in Creative Writing. Don't Tell Me the Truth About Love was written at this time. He has held a variety of jobs, including stockroom assistant for Waterstone's, barman in his parents' pub, and a teacher in Ho Chi Minh City. He has also worked on a fruit and vegetable farm and is still employed as a postman.
<Peter_Andreas_Blix>	Peter Andreas Blix (4 November 1831 – 31 January 1901) was a Norwegian architect and engineer best known for designing railway stations and villas in Swiss chalet style. He was also occupied with the conservation of Norwegian stave churches and the construction of canals in 19th century Norway.Peter Blix was born in the little town of Frederiksvern (now Stavern) south of Larvik in Vestfold. He was the eldest son of auditor John Gill Blix (1797–1874) and his wife Anna Dobberdine Randulff (1804–37). Blix's early childhood was marred by his mother's death when he was five years old. He eventually traveled to Kristiania (now Oslo), where he studied at the Christiania Burgher School (Christiania Borgerskole). The school system in Norway was under reform at the time Blix studied. The Latin was to be replaced with the mother tongue; the traditional memorizing method for students was to be replaced with new, sophisticated studying methods. At Oslo Cathedral School (Christiania Katedralskole) – where Blix later took his matric, one could note the contention between the classicists (pro-Latin) and the realists (pro-Norwegian).In 1851, Blix traveled to Hannover, Germany to study at the faculty of Architecture and Landscape Sciences at the Leibniz University Hannover. He was not the only Norwegian student at the school; there were at least 53 other Norwegians there, amongst them Paul Due, Halvor Heyerdahl and Henrik Thrap-Meyer. A few years earlier, professor and architect Conrad Wilhelm Hase installed several reforms at the university, that Blix and other students took advantage of. Blix became very influenced by Hase's Neo-Gothic architectural style, which he would later use on railway stations and churches in Norway. Upon finishing his study in Hannover, Blix studied from 1854 to 1855 at the University of Karlsruhe.
<George_FitzRoy,_4th_Duke_of_Grafton>	George Henry FitzRoy, 4th Duke of Grafton, KG (14 January 1760 – 28 September 1844), styled Earl of Euston until 1811, was a British peer and Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1782 to 1811 when he succeeded to the Dukedom.Euston was the son of Augustus Fitzroy, 3rd Duke of Grafton, and his wife, Anne Lidell. He was educated at Harrow School and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he became a close friend of the William Pitt the Younger. He married Lady Charlotte Maria Waldegrave (1761–1808), daughter of James Waldegrave, 2nd Earl Waldegrave, on 16 November 1784 at Navestock, Essex.
<Rolf_Henrich>	Rolf Henrich (born Magdeburg 24 February 1944) is a writer and lawyer. In September 1989 he became a co-founder and leading member of the New Forum movement.His book "The Custodial State. On the Failure of Real-life Socialism" ("Der vormundschaftliche Staat. Vom Versagen des real existierenden Sozialismus") had appeared in April 1989 and was a powerful stimulus along the route to the Citizens' Movement that within a couple of years had led to the end of the German Democratic Republic as a standalone state.
<Maru's_Mission>	Maru's Mission is an action video game released in 1991 by Jaleco for the original Game Boy. It was released in Japan as Oira Jajamaru! Sekai Daibōken (おいらじゃじゃ丸！～世界大冒険～, "I'm Jajamaru! World Adventure") on September 28, 1990. On January 18, 2012, it was released to the Japanese 3DS Virtual Console and later in North America on February 9, 2012.It is the first game from the Jajamaru series, aside from the loosely related Ninja Taro, to be released in North America, until the release of Ninja JaJaMaru-kun through the Virtual Console. The soundtrack, as well as many sprites and some cut-scenes of the North American version are different from the original Japanese.Maru's girlfriend Cori is kidnapped and hidden in a secret location. The player is Maru, and moves through six levels based on various folklore monsters.
<Chung-Hua_Institution_for_Economic_Research>	The Chung-Hua Institution for Economic Research (CIER; Chinese: 中華經濟研究院; pinyin: Zhōnghuá Jīngjì Yánjiùyuàn) is a Taiwan-based international policy think tank for economic and industry-related research. It conducts both public research and fee-supported research.After the ending of diplomatic relations between the Republic of China and the United States in 1979, the Government of the Republic of China drew up a very crucial measures for financial and economic reform. Among them was the proposal to establish an independent research institution with government funding and financial support from the industrial and business sectors. The legal entity was to undertake the task of studying the local and international economic situation and to offer policy recommendations to the government.After the project was approved, the Executive Yuan entrusted the Council for Economic Planning and Development to guide and plan the institution's establishment. On 1 February 1980, the council formed the preparatory body and it was named the Preparatory Commission for Chung-Hua Institution for Economic Research. CIER was finally established on 1 July 1981.
<Ivan_Fatić>	Ivan Fatić (Cyrillic: Иван Фaтић, pronounced [ǐʋan fǎtiːtɕ]; born 21 August 1988) is a Montenegrin retired football player who played as a defender or midfielder. He Is manager in youth categories of Rudar Pljevlja.Fatić was signed by Italian Serie A side Internazionale from relegated Chievo on 4 July 2007, for €170,000. Chievo still hold half of the player's registration rights.
<Henry_Hallett_Dale>	Sir Henry Hallett Dale OM GBE PRS (9 June 1875 – 23 July 1968) was an English pharmacologist and physiologist. For his study of acetylcholine as agent in the chemical transmission of nerve pulses (neurotransmission) he shared the 1936 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Otto Loewi.Henry Hallett Dale was born in Islington, London, to Charles James Dale, a pottery manufacturer from Staffordshire, and his wife, Frances Anne Hallett, daughter of a furniture manufacturer, from South Devon. Henry was the third of seven children, one of whom (his younger brother, Benjamin Dale) became an accomplished composer and warden of the Royal Academy of Music.  Henry was educated at the local Tollington Park College and then The Leys School Cambridge (one of the school's houses is named after him) and in 1894 entered Trinity College, Cambridge, working under the physiologist John Langley. For a few months in 1903 he also studied under Paul Ehrlich in Frankfurt, Germany. Also in 1903, Dale assisted Ernest Starling and William Bayliss in the vivisection of a dog, by removing the dog's pancreas and then killing the dog with a knife, which ultimately led to the events of the Brown Dog affair. Dale received his Doctor of Medicine degree from Cambridge in 1909.
<Philip_Sporn>	Philip Sporn (November 25, 1896 in Folotwin, Austria – January 23, 1978 in New York City) was an Austrian electrical engineer known for his work as the president and chief executive officer of the American Gas and Electric Company. He received the IEEE Edison Medal for "contributions to the art of economical and dependable power generation and transmission".Sporn received his E.E. degree from Columbia University in 1917, and worked for Consumers Power Company in Michigan before joining American Electric Power, rising through the ranks to become Chief Electric Engineer, and then President in 1947. He retired in 1961, but remained a director until 1968. 1962 he became member of the National Academy of Sciences.During his tenure are Chief Engineer, then President, the company achieved a number of innovations, including large-sized generating units, supercritical-pressure boilers, natural-draft cooling towers, tall stacks, and extra-high-voltage transmission and lightning protection.
<Uxbridge_Cricket_Club_Ground>	Uxbridge Cricket Ground opened in 1971. Uxbridge Cricket Club moved here after a redevelopment of Uxbridge High Street saw the club move from their Cricketfield Road ground. The present ground is situated across from Uxbridge Common on which the team used to play during the 19th century.Middlesex County Cricket Club first used the ground competitively in 1980 on their way on to winning the County Championship in a match against Derbyshire.  Middlesex won by 9 wickets, with Vintcent van der Bijl taking 10 wickets in the match. However Middlesex had used the ground once before when they played the West Indies cricket team in a friendly one day match, just before the 1979 World Cup. The ground also played host to a Pakistan v Zimbabwe warm up match prior to the 1983 World Cup. The County's second eleven first used the ground in 1973. Middlesex played at the ground until 1998. The club returned with their second eleven in 2002 and followed by the first team in 2003, when they played a Twenty Twenty game against Hampshire. The first team didn't return until 2005 this time against Kent in another Twenty Twenty game. They have used the ground each year since. In 2006 Pakistan were due to play Middlesex in a one-day game ahead of the one day series with England. Unfortunately the match had to be abandoned without a ball being bowled due to overnight rain leaving the ground very wet.
<Panionios_F.C.>	 Panionios G.S.S. Football Club (Greek: ΠΑΕ Πανιώνιος Γ.Σ.Σ.), the Pan-Ionian Gymnastics Club of Smyrna (Πανιώνιος Γυμναστικός Σύλλογος Σμύρνης, Panionios Gymnastikos Syllogos Smyrnis), more commonly known as Panionios F.C. or simply Panionios, is a Greek amateur football club based in Nea Smyrni, Athens, Greece. Part of Panionios G.S.S. (founded in 1890 in Smyrna, Ottoman Empire), Panionios F.C. is the oldest Greek football club.In the wake of the Greco-Turkish War (1919–22) and the population exchange between Greece and Turkey, the multi-sport club Panionios G.S.S. was transferred to Athens. They have won two Greek Cups (in 1979 and 1998), while they were runners-up in the Greek Championship during the 1950–51 and 1970–71 seasons. They have won also the 1971 Balkans Cup and reached the quarter-finals of the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup in 1998–99 season.
<James_A._Johnson_(architect)>	James Addison Johnson (October 7, 1865 – April 5, 1939) was an American architect known for his design of various architectural landmarks in Buffalo, New York, and his use of decorative work that many consider a foreshadowing of art deco design.John Addison Johnson was born October 7, 1865 in Brewerton, New York, near Syracuse, New York, the son of Garrison Barrett Johnson and Katherine Eliza (née Beckwith) Johnson.Johnson apprenticed and partnered with prominent Western New York architect Edward Kent and later with Central New York architect Silsbee & Marling.  He also worked for Richard Morris Hunt firm and in 1890, he joined the firm of McKim, Mead and White in New York City as an assistant.
<Lou_Holtz>	SWC Coach of the Year (1979)Louis Leo Holtz (born January 6, 1937) is a former American football player, coach, and analyst. He served as the head football coach at The College of William & Mary (1969–1971), North Carolina State University (1972–1975), the New York Jets (1976), the University of Arkansas (1977–1983), the University of Minnesota (1984–1985), the University of Notre Dame (1986–1996), and the University of South Carolina (1999–2004), compiling a career record of 249–132–7. Holtz's 1988 Notre Dame team went 12–0 with a victory in the Fiesta Bowl and was the consensus national champion. Holtz is the only college football coach to lead six different programs to bowl games and the only coach to guide four different programs to the final top 20 rankings.
<Nostromo>	Nostromo: A Tale of the Seaboard is a 1904 novel by Joseph Conrad, set in the fictitious South American republic of "Costaguana". It was originally published serially in monthly instalments of T.P.'s Weekly.In 1998, the Modern Library ranked Nostromo 47th on its list of the 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century. It is frequently regarded as amongst the best of Conrad's long fiction; F. Scott Fitzgerald once said, "I'd rather have written Nostromo than any other novel."
<Armen_Der_Kiureghian>	Armen Der Kiureghian (Armenian: Արմէն Տէր-Կիւրեղեան, October 4, 1947), is an Iranian-born Armenian-American academic, one of the founders of the American University of Armenia, where he served as the president from 2014 to 2019.He is the Professor of Civil Engineering at the University of California. 
<King_Lear_(1971_USSR_film)>	King Lear (Russian: Король Лир, romanized: Korol Lir) is a 1971 Soviet drama film directed by Grigori Kozintsev, based on William Shakespeare's play King Lear. The film uses Boris Pasternak's translation of the play, while the Fool's songs are translated by Samuil Marshak. This was the last of Grigori Kozintsev's films.Grigori Kozintsev considered many actors for the role of Lear. The casting director first suggested Jüri Järvet for the small part of a tramp, but Kozintsev offered him the title role. He later explained: "The internal world of this actor seemed attractive to me. This is an actor of deep thought. He is able to play the role with philosophical depth. Järvet is equally strong in humour, in that particular sort of humour that sometimes touches upon grotesque". Järvet was only 50 years old by the time of filming. The role of Goneril is portrayed by Latvian actress Elza Radziņa, who also appeared in  Kozintsev's Hamlet as Gertrude. Radzina was one of the co-founders of the Sovremennik Theatre. The role of Regan went to Galina Volchek, whose casting was first met with some skepticism but went on to be a success. The relatively unknown Valentina Shendrikova of the Mayakovsky Theatre plays Cordelia. Oleg Dahl, one of the stars of the Sovremennik Theatre, was chosen to play the Fool without an audition, after a short conversation with the director. His performance received wide critical acclaim. Kozintsev also incorporated a number of experienced theatre actors from Latvia and Lithuania: Donatas Banionis as Albany, Kārlis Sebris as Gloucester, Leonhard Merzin as Edgar, and Regimantas Adomaitis as Edmund. The role of Oswald went to then-unknown Aleksei Petrenko. 
<Manfred>	Manfred: A dramatic poem is a closet drama written in 1816–1817 by Lord Byron. It contains supernatural elements, in keeping with the popularity of the ghost story in England at the time. It is a typical example of a Gothic fiction.Byron commenced this work in late 1816, a few months after the famous ghost-story sessions with Percy Bysshe Shelley and Mary Shelley that provided the initial impetus for Frankenstein; or, The Modern Prometheus . The supernatural references are made clear throughout the poem.
<Eastleigh_F.C.>	Eastleigh Football Club is a professional association football club based in Eastleigh, Hampshire, England. They currently compete in the National League, the fifth tier of English football, and play their home matches at The Silverlake Stadium.The club was formed on 22 May 1946 by Derik Brooks and a group of friends in the Fleming Arms public house in Swaythling, Southampton and originally known as Swaythling Athletic, which then changed to Swaythling. The club began playing home matches firstly on Southampton Common and then at 'Westfield' in Swaythling. In 1950 they joined the Hampshire League. In keeping with their early progress, the club moved to a new ground at Ten Acres in 1957 – which remains their home to this day. In 1980 the club were renamed Eastleigh. Eastleigh were consistently one of the stronger teams in the top tier of the Hampshire League, Division One, in the early 1980s and they achieved their highest final position of 4th (three times: in 1982, 1984 and 1985.) Their first match in the FA Cup was a 2–1 success against Southern League side Poole Town in 1981. They went on to beat Melksham Town in the next round before succumbing 2–4 to another Southern League side, Dorchester Town.
<Richard_Foster_(Australian_politician)>	Richard Witty Foster (20 August 1856 – 5 January 1932) was an Australian politician. He began his career in the Parliament of South Australia (1893–1906) and served two terms as Commissioner of Public Works in liberal and conservative governments. He was elected to federal parliament in 1909 as a Liberal, later joining the Nationalists. He was Minister for Works and Railways (1921–1923) under Prime Minister Billy Hughes, eventually losing his seat at the 1928 election.Foster was born in Goodmanham, Pocklington, Yorkshire, England and educated at Prospect House, Tockwith and apprenticed to a draper.  He emigrated to South Australia in 1880 and established a business as a grocer and general provider at Quorn.  He married Elizabeth Lees in September 1884.  He was elected to the Corporate Town of Quorn council in 1887 and was mayor from 1890 to 1892.
<Fox_Major_League_Baseball>	MLB on Fox (also known as Fox MLB) is an American presentation of Major League Baseball (MLB) games produced by Fox Sports, the sports division of the Fox Broadcasting Company (Fox), since June 1, 1996. The broadcaster has aired the World Series in 1996, 1998, and every edition since 2000, and the All-Star Game in 1997, 1999, and every year since 2001. It has also aired the National League Championship Series (NLCS) and American League Championship Series (ALCS) in alternate years from 1996 to 2000 and since 2007, with the NLCS in even years and the ALCS in odd years, with the network aired both series from 2001 to 2006.In November 2018, Fox Sports signed a television rights extension with MLB, allowing it to continue to carry MLB telecasts through the 2028 season with national broadcasts on Fox. In 2022, Fox Sports renewed its television rights for regular season games for both the main Fox broadcast network or FS1. For the first time since 2013, Fox will air at least two or three games each Saturday as Fox’s new contract will ensure more games air on the Fox network. Fox will continue to broadcast the MLB All-Star Game and Field of Dreams Game.
<Jânio_Quadros>	Jânio da Silva Quadros (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈʒɐ̃niu dɐ ˈsiwvɐ ˈkwadɾus] (listen); January 25, 1917 – February 16, 1992) was a Brazilian lawyer and politician who served as the 22nd president of Brazil from January 31 to August 25, 1961, when he resigned from office. He also served as the 24th and 36th mayor of São Paulo, and the 18th governor of the state of São Paulo. Quadros was known for his populist style of government, honesty, and eccentric behavior. As president, he focused on economic reform and attempted to root out corruption. He also pursued an independent foreign policy, trying to balance relations between the United States and the Eastern Bloc. Although he was elected by a huge margin, his term was marked by uncertainty and political instability, culminating in his resignation. That unexpected move caused national chaos, with the presidency being assumed by João Goulart.Quadros was born in Campo Grande, Mato Grosso do Sul, on January 25, 1917 to Gabriel Quadros and Leonor da Silva Quadros. He attended the University of São Paulo, funded his education by teaching geography and Portuguese, and graduated in 1939 with a degree in law.
<Chris_Mavinga>	Chris Mavinga-Adebayor (born 26 May 1991) is a professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Major League Soccer club Toronto FC. A French youth international, who was a part of the team that won the 2010 UEFA European Under-19 Championship on home soil, he has chosen to represent DR Congo at senior level.Mavinga joined Rubin Kazan in 2013 after spending two years at French club Rennes. Prior to joining Rennes, he spent three years at the Camp des Loges, the training center of French club Paris Saint-Germain and also two years with Liverpool.
<Alfred_Tarski>	Alfred Tarski (/ˈtɑːrski/, born Alfred Teitelbaum; January 14, 1901 – October 26, 1983) was a Polish-American logician and mathematician. A prolific author best known for his work on model theory, metamathematics, and algebraic logic, he also contributed to abstract algebra, topology, geometry, measure theory, mathematical logic, set theory, and analytic philosophy.Educated in Poland at the University of Warsaw, and a member of the Lwów–Warsaw school of logic and the Warsaw school of mathematics, he immigrated to the United States in 1939 where he became a naturalized citizen in 1945. Tarski taught and carried out research in mathematics at the University of California, Berkeley, from 1942 until his death in 1983.His biographers Anita Burdman Feferman and Solomon Feferman state that, "Along with his contemporary, Kurt Gödel, he changed the face of logic in the twentieth century, especially through his work on the concept of truth and the theory of models."
<Argosy_Gaming_Company>	Argosy Gaming Company was an Alton, Illinois based casino operator.The company through the political connections of its chairman William F. Cellini received the first gambling license in Illinois in modern times.  It began operations in September 1991 with the opening of the Alton Belle Casino.  Among the biggest initial investors was John Connors, brother of tennis champion Jimmy Connors, Illinois attorney and Democratic power-broker L. Thomas Lakin, as well as other influential St. Louis area businessmen.  Jimmy Connors would later become a substantial investor with both brothers maintaining a 19 percent share after it went public.  It traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol "AGSY.  The company toyed with bankruptcy in the late 1990s with John Connors personally declaring Chapter 7 bankruptcy.In November 2004, Penn National Gaming acquired it for $2.2 billion in cash creating the third largest casino operator in the United States. The merger raised antitrust concerns because Penn National, which already owned Casino Rouge, would gain a monopoly on casinos in Baton Rouge. In order to expedite approval for the merger from federal and state regulators, Penn National put the Argosy Baton Rouge up for sale. Columbia Sussex agreed to buy the property for $150 million.
<Exeter_City_F.C.>	Exeter City Football Club is a professional association football club based in Exeter, Devon, England. The team play in EFL League One, the third tier of the English football league system. Known as "the Grecians", the origin of their nickname is subject to speculation and debate. The club is owned by the club's supporters through the Exeter City Supporters' Trust. Exeter are one of two Devon clubs who compete in the Football League, the other being Plymouth Argyle.Exeter City was founded in 1901 and began playing their games at St James Park, where they remain to this day. They joined Division One of the Southern League in 1904. After a tour of South America in 1914 to generate awareness of football in the continent, the club became the first side to play a national team from Brazil. As a result, City and Brazilian side Fluminense are now also partner clubs. Exeter were invited to help create the Football League Third Division in 1920. They were assigned to the Third Division South the next year and won the Third Division South Cup in 1934. They remained in the division until becoming founder members of the Fourth Division in 1958. They were promoted in 1963–64, only to be relegated after two seasons. They were promoted out of the Fourth Division again at the end of the 1976–77 season and managed to stay in the Third Division for seven seasons before being relegated in 1984.
<Joseph_Larmor>	Sir Joseph Larmor FRS FRSE (11 July 1857 – 19 May 1942) was an Irish and British physicist and mathematician who made breakthroughs in the understanding of electricity, dynamics, thermodynamics, and the electron theory of matter. His most influential work was Aether and Matter, a theoretical physics book published in 1900.He was born in Magheragall in County Antrim the son of Hugh Larmor, a Belfast shopkeeper and his wife, Anna Wright. The family moved to Belfast circa 1860, and he was educated at the Royal Belfast Academical Institution, and then studied mathematics and experimental science at Queen's College, Belfast (BA 1874, MA 1875), where one of his teachers was John Purser. He subsequently studied at St John's College, Cambridge, where in 1880 he was Senior Wrangler (J. J. Thomson was second wrangler that year) and Smith's Prizeman, getting his MA in 1883. After teaching physics for a few years at Queen's College, Galway, he accepted a lectureship in mathematics at Cambridge in 1885. In 1892 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of London, and he served as one of the Secretaries of the society. He was made an Honorary Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 1910.
<Ken_Freeman_(astronomer)>	Kenneth Charles Freeman AC FAA FRS (born 27 August 1940) is an Australian astronomer and astrophysicist who is currently Duffield Professor of Astronomy in the Research School of Astronomy and Astrophysics at the Mount Stromlo Observatory of the Australian National University in Canberra. He was born in Perth, Western Australia in 1940, studied mathematics and physics at the University of Western Australia, and graduated with first class honours in applied mathematics in 1962. He then went to Cambridge University for postgraduate work in theoretical astrophysics with Leon Mestel and Donald Lynden-Bell, and completed his doctorate in 1965. Following a postdoctoral appointment at the University of Texas with Gérard de Vaucouleurs, and a research fellowship at Trinity College, Cambridge, he returned to Australia in 1967 as a Queen Elizabeth Fellow at Mount Stromlo. Apart from a year in the Kapteyn Institute in Groningen in 1976 and some occasional absences overseas, he has been at Mount Stromlo ever since.His research interests are in the formation and dynamics of galaxies and globular clusters, and he is particularly interested in the problem of dark matter in galaxies: he was one of the first to point out that spiral galaxies contain a large fraction of dark matter. He regularly visits the Space Telescope Science Institute as Distinguished Visiting Scientist.
<Seoul_Broadcasting_System>	Seoul Broadcasting System (SBS) (Korean: 에스비에스; RR: EseuBiEseu) is one of the leading South Korean television and radio broadcasters. The broadcaster legally became known as SBS in March 2000, changing its corporate name from Seoul Broadcasting System (서울방송). Its flagship terrestrial television station SBS TV broadcasts as channel 6 for digital and cable.Established on 14 November 1990, SBS is the largest private broadcaster in South Korea, and is owned by the Taeyoung Construction. It operates its flagship television channel which has a nationwide network of 10 regional stations, and three radio networks. SBS has provided digital terrestrial television service in the ATSC format since 2001, and T-DMB (Digital Multimedia Broadcasting) service since 2005.
<Dartmouth_College>	Dartmouth College (/ˈdɑːrtməθ/; DART-məth) is a private Ivy League research university in Hanover, New Hampshire. Established in 1769 by Eleazar Wheelock, it is one of the nine colonial colleges chartered before the American Revolution. Although founded to educate Native Americans in Christian theology and the English way of life, the university primarily trained Congregationalist ministers during its early history before it gradually secularized, emerging at the turn of the 20th century from relative obscurity into national prominence.Following a liberal arts curriculum, Dartmouth provides undergraduate instruction in 40 academic departments and interdisciplinary programs, including 60 majors in the humanities, social sciences, natural sciences, and engineering, and enables students to design specialized concentrations or engage in dual degree programs. In addition to the undergraduate faculty of arts and sciences, Dartmouth has four professional and graduate schools: the Geisel School of Medicine, the Thayer School of Engineering, the Tuck School of Business, and the Guarini School of Graduate and Advanced Studies. The university also has affiliations with the Dartmouth–Hitchcock Medical Center. Dartmouth is home to the Rockefeller Center for Public Policy and the Social Sciences, the Hood Museum of Art, the John Sloan Dickey Center for International Understanding, and the Hopkins Center for the Arts. With a student enrollment of about 6,700, Dartmouth is the smallest university in the Ivy League. Undergraduate admissions are highly selective with an acceptance rate of 6.24% for the class of 2026, including a 4.7% rate for regular decision applicants.
<Keith_Allan_(actor)>	Keith Allan (born July 1, 1969) is an American actor and screenwriter. Projects he has worked on include Social Nightmare and Z Nation.
<EA_DICE>	EA Digital Illusions CE AB (trade name: DICE) is a Swedish video game developer based in Stockholm. The company was founded in 1992 and has been a subsidiary of Electronic Arts since 2006. Its releases include the Battlefield, Mirror's Edge and Star Wars: Battlefront series. Through their Frostbite Labs division, the company also develops the Frostbite game engine.Digital Illusions was founded in May 1992 by Olof "Olle" Gustafsson, Markus Nyström, Fredrik Liljegren and Andreas Axelsson, four friends and former members of The Silents, a demogroup that developed for Amiga systems. The four studied at Växjö University, thus DICE was established in Växjö.
<Portsmouth,_New_Hampshire>	Portsmouth is a city in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. At the 2020 census it had a population of 21,956. A historic seaport and popular summer tourist destination on the Piscataqua River bordering the state of Maine, Portsmouth was formerly the home of the Strategic Air Command's Pease Air Force Base, since converted to Portsmouth International Airport at Pease.American Indians of the Abenaki and other Algonquian languages-speaking nations, and their predecessors, inhabited the territory of coastal New Hampshire for thousands of years before European contact.
<Petra_Bläss>	Petra Bläss (since 2005, Petra Bläss-Rafajlovski: born 12 June 1964) is a German politician (formerly PDS).   She served in the German parliament (Bundestag) between 1990 and 2002, and was a Bundestag vice-president between 1998 and 2002.In 1990 she served, improbably as she thought, both at the time and subsequently, as the chair of the 50 member Electoral Commission appointed to supervise East Germany's first (and last) freely held and fairly administered general election.Petra Bläss was born in Leipzig which at that time was in the heavily urbanised southern part of the German Democratic Republic (East Germany).   Her father was a theatre director.   Her mother was also involved in theatre work, later working at Cottbus as a prompter in a music theatre.   Her sister became an actress.   Her parents' marriage broke up soon after she was born, and she "grew up without a father".   She grew up in Wittenberg, a small university town closely associated with Martin Luther, located some 40 km (25 miles) to the north of Leipzig.
<Caryl_Phillips>	Caryl Phillips (born 13 March 1958) is a Kittitian-British novelist, playwright and essayist. Best known for his novels (for which he has won multiple awards), Phillips is often described as a Black Atlantic writer, since much of his fictional output is defined by its interest in, and searching exploration of, the experiences of peoples of the African diaspora in England, the Caribbean and the United States. As well as writing, Phillips has worked as an academic at numerous institutions including Amherst College, Barnard College, and Yale University, where he has held the position of Professor of English since 2005.Caryl Phillips was born in St. Kitts to Malcolm and Lillian Phillips on 13 March 1958. When he was four months old, his family moved to England and settled in Leeds, Yorkshire. In 1976, Phillips won a place at Queen's College, Oxford University, where he read English, graduating in 1979. While at Oxford, he directed numerous plays and spent his summers working as a stagehand at the Edinburgh Festival. On graduating, he moved to Edinburgh, where he lived for a year, on the dole, while writing his first play, Strange Fruit (1980), which was taken up and produced by the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield. Phillips subsequently moved to London, where he wrote two more plays –  Where There is Darkness (1982) and Shelter (1983) –  that were staged at the Lyric Hammersmith.
<Jason_Richwine>	BS American University (mathematics) 2004 Jason Matthew Richwine (born April 21, 1982) is an American political commentator and author. He is best known for his doctoral dissertation entitled "IQ and Immigration Policy," and a Heritage Foundation report he co-authored on the economic costs of illegal immigration to the United States which concluded that passing the Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act of 2013 would cost taxpayers more than $6 trillion.Richwine received his bachelor's degree in mathematics and political science from American University, graduating in 2004. He then studied at Harvard University, where he received his PhD in 2009 in public policy, with a dissertation entitled "IQ and Immigration Policy". His dissertation stated that illegal Hispanic immigrants to America had lower IQs than non-Hispanic whites, and noted that this disparity persisted for several generations. The dissertation committee was composed of economist Richard Zeckhauser, economist George Borjas, and Christopher Jencks, the social scientist and editor of The American Prospect. Richwine subsequently wrote an article for Politico defending his dissertation and arguing that the statements it contained about ethnic differences in IQ were "scientifically unremarkable".
<Arlene_Alda>	Arlene Alda (née  Weiss; born March 12, 1933) is an American musician, photographer and writer. She began her career playing clarinet professionally, then moved on to photography and writing children's books. She is married to actor Alan Alda.Alda was born Arlene Weiss in the Bronx, New York City to Jewish parents. She attended Evander Childs High School and Hunter College, graduating in January 1954 as a music major, Phi Beta Kappa, Cum Laude. She became a member of the National Orchestra, a training orchestra, conducted by Leon Barzin. She studied clarinet with Abraham Goldstein and Leon Russianoff, becoming a member of the Houston Symphony Orchestra, playing assistant first clarinet and bass clarinet under the baton of Leopold Stokowski.Weiss played first clarinet in the Ridgefield Orchestra. She pursued an early interest in photography by studying with Mort Shapiro and Lou Bernstein, ultimately changing careers and becoming a photographer and writer. As a photographer, Alda had several one-person shows, including those in Nikon House in New York City and the Mark Humphrey Gallery in Southampton, New York. As a freelance photographer, her photographs have appeared in The Saturday Evening Post, Vogue, People Magazine, Life Magazine, and Today's Health Magazine, for which she received a Chicago Graphics Communications Award for her photo essay, "Allison's Tonsillectomy".
<Sony_Creative_Software>	Sony Creative Software is an American software company that develops various media software suites. Sony Creative Software was created in a 2003 deal with Madison-based media company Sonic Foundry in which it acquired its desktop product line, hired roughly 60% of employees, paid $18 million in cash, and took on certain liabilities and obligations.As announced in May 2016, MAGIX Software GmbH has purchased majority of Sony Creative Software products, including the full Vegas Pro, Movie Studio, Sound Forge Pro, and ACID Pro product lines.
<Something_Borrowed,_Something_Blue>	Something Borrowed, Something Blue is an album by pianist Tommy Flanagan recorded in 1978 for the Galaxy label.AllMusic awarded the album 3½ stars, stating: "This is a typically flawless trio set from the tasteful and swinging bop-based pianist Tommy Flanagan. ...If Flanagan had not recorded so many equally rewarding sets during the past 20 years, this fine CD would have received a higher rating; virtually every one of his recordings is well worth picking up".
<Levadiakos_F.C.>	Levadiakos Football Club (Greek: ΠΑΕ Λεβαδειακός) is a Greek professional football club that plays in the Super League Greece. Based in Livadeia, Greece, the club was  promoted to the Alpha Ethniki, forerunner of the Super League, after ten seasons in minor divisions in the 2005–06 season, as runner-up of the Football League in 2004–05. It was then relegated to the Beta Ethniki again in 2006–07 and returned to the top tier in 2007–08.  The club finished one level above relegation that year but was relegated back to the second division by finishing 14th in 2009–10. The club most recently won promotion back into the Super League Greece after winning the Super League Greece 2 in 2021–22.Levadiakos started in 1961, when local clubs Trofonios and Pallevadiaki merged into a greater club. Straight after, Levadiakos played in the second division being close to relegation in almost every season. In the 1980s, the team was upgraded and in May 1987, players and supporters of the club celebrated the team's first ever promotion to Alpha Ethniki following a career great season by Konstantinos "Prince" Litinas. Levadiakos stayed there only for four seasons, returning again only in 1994 and 1995. After their second relegation, Levadiakos declined and went very lower, even struggling to clinch promotion to the 3rd division of Greece. But once more, everything changed suddenly and the team reached again the Greek Super League after ten years, in 2005, but was immediately relegated. In the next summer, Levadiakos bought many expensive players and appointed Georgi Vasilev as manager. Vasiliev achieved to get the team to the Super League once again, and in the 2007–08 season he struggled, but managed to avoid going down again. Nevertheless, he resigned from the club and he was succeeded by Momčilo Vukotić.The club's crest has blue and green vertical stripes inspired by the great Konstantinos "Prince" Litinas. It comes from the colours of Pallevadiaki (green) and Trofonio (blue), the clubs that joined in order to establish Levadiakos. The colour common to both teams was white, which was also the basic colour of the group in the early years of its foundation.
<Włodzimierz_Cimoszewicz>	Włodzimierz Cimoszewicz (Polish pronunciation: [vwɔˈd͡ʑimjɛʂ  t͡ɕimɔˈʂɛvit͡ʂ] (listen), born 13 September 1950) is a Polish left-wing politician who served as Prime Minister of Poland for a year from 7 February 1996 to 31 October 1997, after being defeated in the Parliamentary elections by the Solidarity Electoral Action (AWS). He was born in Warsaw.Cimoszewicz was a member of the left-wing Democratic Left Alliance the leftist candidate in the Polish presidential election of 1990, receiving 9 percent of the vote.
<UFO_(TV_series)>	UFO is a 1970 British science fiction television series about the ongoing covert efforts of a government defence organisation to prevent an alien invasion of Earth. It was created by Gerry Anderson and Sylvia Anderson with Reg Hill, and produced by the Andersons and Lew Grade's Century 21 for Grade's ITC Entertainment company.A single series of 26 episodes (including the pilot) was filmed over the course of more than a year; a five-month production break was caused by the closure of MGM-British Studios in Borehamwood, where the show was initially made. Production then moved to Pinewood Studios in Buckinghamshire. UFO was first broadcast in the UK and Canada in 1970, and in US syndication over the next two years.
<Jaqo's_Dispossessed>	Mikheil Javakhishvili (Georgian: მიხეილ ჯავახიშვილი; birth surname: Adamashvili ადამაშვილი) (20 November 1880 – 30 September 1937) was a Georgian and Soviet novelist who is regarded as one of the top twentieth-century Georgian writers. His first story appeared in 1903, but then the writer lapsed into a long pause before returning to writing in the early 1920s. His recalcitrance to the Soviet ideological pressure cost him life: he was executed during the Great Purge and his writings were banned for nearly twenty years. In the words of the modern British scholar of Russian and Georgian literature, Donald Rayfield, "his vivid story-telling, straight in medias res, his buoyant humour, subtle irony, and moral courage merit comparison with those of Stendhal, Guy de Maupassant, and Émile Zola. In modern Georgian prose only Konstantine Gamsakhurdia could aspire to the same international level."He was born as Mikheil Adamashvili in the village of Tserakvi in what is now the Kvemo Kartli region, Georgia (then part of Russian Empire). The mishmash with his real family name was later explained by writer himself. According to him, his grandparent, born as Javakhishvili (noble family from the province Kartli) killed a man, therefore had to flee to Kakheti where he took a new name Toklikishvili. Mikheil's grandfather Adam returned in Kartli. His son Saba was registered as Adamashvili. Mikheil was also wearing this name in his youth but later he returned the family name of ancestors-Javakhishvili. He enrolled into the Yalta College of Horticulture and Viticulture, but a family tragedy forced him to abandon his studies: robbers killed his mother and sister, and his father died shortly thereafter. Returning to Georgia in 1901, he worked at a copper smeltery in Kakheti. His first story was published in 1903 under the penname of Javakhishvili, followed by a series of journalistic articles critical of the Russian authorities. In 1906, the Tsarist political repressions forced him to retire to France, where he studied art and political economy at the University of Paris. After the extensive travels to Switzerland, Great Britain, Italy, Belgium, the United States, Germany and Turkey from 1908 to 1909, he clandestinely returned to his homeland only to be arrested and exiled from Georgia in 1910. He returned in 1917 and, after almost fifteen years of pause, resumed writing. In 1921, he joined the National Democratic Party of Georgia and was in opposition to the Soviet government established in Georgia the same year. In 1923, during the Bolshevik crackdown on the party, Javakhishvili was arrested and sentenced to death, but was exonerated through the mediation of the Georgian Union of Writers and released after six months of imprisonment. Javakhishvili's reconciliation with the Soviet regime was only superficial and his relations with the new authorities remained uneasy.Javakhishvili skillfully incorporated folk phraseology into the normalized narrative language. In his best writings, the novelist combines the devastating realism and characteristic humorous touches with underlying pessimism and anarchy to contrast country and city life, tsarist and Soviet times. His plots, sometimes overtly rebellious, violent, and sexually passionate, intersect traditional taboos and belie any reconciliation with the new world and have a common ground: the rise of the Georgian kulak, the life of the Georgian aristocratic intellectual and dilettante, and the impact on them both of the revolutionary upheaval of 1917 and the Bolshevik takeover of 1921.
<Richard_M._Russell>	Richard Manning Russell (March 3, 1891 – February 27, 1977) was a United States Representative from Massachusetts. He was born in Cambridge on March 3, 1891 to Governor William Russell and Margaret Manning Swan. Russell attended Middlesex School in Concord. He graduated from Harvard University in 1914 and from Harvard Law School in 1917.During World War I, he served as a second lieutenant in the Three Hundred and Third Field Artillery, and as a first lieutenant and communications officer of the One Hundred and Fifty-first Field Artillery Brigade. He was admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Boston. He was a member of the Cambridge City Council and served as Mayor of Cambridge.He was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-fourth Congress (January 3, 1935 – January 3, 1937). He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1936 to the Seventy-fifth Congress, for election in 1950 to fill a vacancy in the Eighty-first Congress, and for election in 1950 to the Eighty-second Congress. He resumed the practice of law in Boston and resided in Essex, where he died February 27, 1977. His interment was in Pine Hill Cemetery in Tewksbury.
<Lausanne>	Lausanne (/loʊˈzæn/ loh-ZAN, US also /loʊˈzɑːn/ loh-ZAHN, French: [lɔzan] (listen), German: [loˈzan]) is the capital and largest city of the Swiss French speaking canton of Vaud. It is a hilly city situated on the shores of Lake Geneva, about halfway between the Jura Mountains and the Alps, and facing the French town of Évian-les-Bains across the lake. Lausanne is located 62 kilometres (38.5 miles) northeast of Geneva, the nearest major city.The municipality of Lausanne has a population of about 140,000, making it the fourth largest city in Switzerland after Basel, Geneva, and Zurich, with the entire agglomeration area having about 420,000 inhabitants (as of January 2019). The metropolitan area of Lausanne-Geneva (including Vevey-Montreux, Yverdon-les-Bains, Valais and foreign parts), commonly designated as Arc lémanique was over 1.3 million inhabitants in 2017 and is the fastest growing in Switzerland.
<2016–17_Birmingham_City_F.C._season>	The 2016–17 season is Birmingham City Football Club's 114th season in the English football league system and sixth consecutive season in the second-tier Championship. It covers the period from 1 July 2016 to 30 June 2017.With the team lying just outside the play-off positions, and two days after three new directors had joined the board, manager Gary Rowett and his backroom staff were sacked on 14 December 2016. Later that day, former West Ham United and Watford manager Gianfranco Zola was announced as Rowett's successor. After four months, during which the team won just twice and dropped to 20th place, three points outside the relegation zone with three matches remaining, Zola resigned, to be replaced by Harry Redknapp, initially to the end of the season. Needing to win their final match if Blackburn Rovers and Nottingham Forest both won their final fixture – which they did – Birmingham won 1–0 away to Bristol City to avoid relegation and finish in 19th place. As with all Football League clubs, the first team also competed in the FA Cup and EFL Cup. They were eliminated in the third round of the former by Newcastle United after a replay and in the first round of the latter by Oxford United.
<Mongolia_Energy_Corporation>	Mongolia Energy Corporation Limited (abb. MEC) is a mining and energy development holding company operating in Mongolia and Xinjiang in northwestern China. It was incorporated in Bermuda and listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. MEC became a constituent to the MSCI Hong Kong Index from June 2008.The company was criticised in 2008 as a China Concepts Stock, which had no real profit; its share price was only based on market speculation. The company was also criticised that it bought a private jet in 2005 by recapitalisation. The jet was sold in 2007.
<Thomas_the_Apostle>	Thomas the Apostle (Imperial Aramaic: 𐡀𐡌𐡅𐡕𐡌, Biblical Hebrew: תוֹמא הקדוש or תוֹמָא שליחא (Toma HaKadosh "Thomas the Holy" or Toma Shlikha "Thomas the Messenger/Apostle" in Hebrew-Aramaic), Classical Syriac: ܬܐܘܡܐ, Tʾōmā,  meaning "twin"; Koinē Greek: Θωμᾶς), also known as Didymus (Greek: Δίδυμος Didymos, meaning "twin"), was one of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus according to the New Testament. Thomas is commonly known as "Doubting Thomas" because he initially doubted the resurrection of Jesus Christ when he was told of it (as is related in the Gospel of John); he later confessed his faith ("My Lord and my God") on seeing the wounds left over from the crucifixion.According to traditional accounts of the Saint Thomas Christians of modern-day Kerala in India, Saint Thomas travelled outside the Roman Empire to preach the Gospel, travelling as far as the Tamilakam which is in South India, and reached Muziris of Tamilakam (modern-day North Paravur and Kodungalloor in Kerala State, India) in AD 52. In 1258, some of the relics were brought to Ortona, in Abruzzo, Italy, where they have been held in the Church of Saint Thomas the Apostle. He is regarded as the patron saint of India among its Christian adherents, and the Feast of Saint Thomas on July 3 is celebrated as Indian Christians' Day. The name Thomas remains quite popular among the Saint Thomas Christians of the Indian subcontinent. 
<Chaldean_Catholic_Church>	The Chaldean Catholic Church (Classical Syriac: ܥܕܬܐ ܟܠܕܝܬܐ ܩܬܘܠܝܩܝܬܐ, ʿīdtha kaldetha qāthuliqetha; Arabic: الكنيسة الكلدانية al-Kanīsa al-kaldāniyya; Latin: Ecclesia Chaldaeorum Catholica, lit. 'Catholic Church of the Chaldeans') is an Eastern Catholic particular church (sui juris) in full communion with the Holy See and the rest of the Catholic Church, and is headed by the Chaldean Patriarchate. Employing in its liturgy the East Syriac Rite in the Syriac language, it is part of Syriac Christianity. Headquartered in the Cathedral of Our Lady of Sorrows, Baghdad, Iraq, since 1950. It is headed by the Catholicos-Patriarch Louis Raphaël I Sako. In 2010, it had a membership of 490,371, of whom 310,235 (63.27%) lived in the Middle East (mainly in Iraq).The United States Commission on International Religious Freedom reports that, according to the Iraqi Christian Foundation, an agency of the Chaldean Catholic Church, approximately 80% of Iraqi Christians are of that church. In its own 2018 Report on Religious Freedom, the United States Department of State put the Chaldean Catholics at approximately 67% of the Christians in Iraq. The 2019 Country Guidance on Iraq of the European Union Agency for Asylum gives the same information as the United States Department of State.The Chaldean Catholic Church arose following a schism within the Church of the East. In 1552, the established "Eliya line" of patriarchs was opposed by a rival patriarch, Sulaqa, who initiated what is called the "Shimun line". He, and his early successors, entered into communion with the Catholic Church, but in the course of over a century loosened their link with Rome and under Shimun XIII Dinkha, openly renounced it in 1672, by adopting a profession of faith that contradicted that of Rome, while they maintained their independence from the "Eliya line". Leadership of those who wished to be in communion with Rome then passed to the Archbishop of Amid Joseph I, recognized as Catholic patriarch, first by the Turkish civil authorities (1677), and then by Rome itself (1681). A century and a half later, in 1830, Rome conferred headship of the Catholics on Yohannan Hormizd. A member of the "Eliya line" family: he opposed Eliya XII (1778–1804), the last of that line to be elected in the normal way as patriarch, was himself irregularly elected in 1780, as Sulaqa had been in 1552, and won over to communion with Rome most of the followers of the Eliya line. The "Shimun line" that in 1553 entered communion with Rome and broke it off in 1672, is now that of the church that in 1976 officially adopted the name "Assyrian Church of the East", while a member of the "Eliya line" family is part of the series of patriarchs of the Chaldean Catholic Church.
<Camilla_(Burney_novel)>	Camilla, subtitled A Picture of Youth, is a novel by Frances Burney, first published in 1796. Camilla deals with the matrimonial concerns of a group of young people: Camilla Tyrold and her sisters, the sweet tempered Lavinia and the smallpox scarred Eugenia, and their cousin, the beautiful Indiana Lynmere—and in particular, with the love affair between Camilla herself and her eligible suitor, Edgar Mandlebert. They have many hardships, however, caused by misunderstandings and mistakes, in the path of true love.An enormously popular eighteenth-century novel, Camilla is touched at many points by the advancing spirit of romanticism. As in Evelina, Burney weaves into her novel shafts of light and dark, comic episodes and gothic shudders, and creates many social, emotional, and mental dilemmas that illuminate the gap between generations.Camilla focuses on the story of the Tyrold family. Augustus ("Mr Tyrold") and Sir Hugh Tyrold are brothers who, after a period of estrangement lasting an unspecified number of years, are reunited after Sir Hugh sends Mr Tyrold a letter expressing his desire to move near his parsonage, requesting him to purchase an estate called Cleves and prepare it for the arrival of Sir Hugh, his niece Indiana Lynmere, and her governess Miss Margland (his other ward, Clermont Lynmere, is to be sent to "the Continent" to be educated). His primary motivation for the move is that after years of being active, and a confirmed bachelor, he is injured and becomes too weak to partake of the active physical and social life he once enjoyed. Forced to pursue entertainment and solace in more sedentary ways, he finds himself woefully unprepared and further persuades Mr Tyrold to engage a tutor. Mr Tyrold complies and hires Dr Orkborne, a man better suited to private academic pursuits than pedagogy. This plan proves to be untenable and Sir Hugh is left scrambling to find a permanent "scholar" to place under Orkborne's tutelage, not wanting to offend the academic by dismissing him so soon after dragging him all the way out to Cleves.
<Social_Democratic_Party_(New_Zealand)>	The Social Democratic Party of New Zealand was an early left-wing political party. It existed only a short time before being amalgamated into the new Labour Party. During its period of existence, the party held two seats in Parliament.The Social Democratic Party was founded in January 1913 at a so-called "Basis of Unity" Conference (often simply called the "Unity Conference"). This meeting drew together the most prominent left-wing groups in New Zealand, including both political parties and trade unions. The aim was to unite the fractious labour movement into a cohesive force. At the end of the Conference, most of the attendees agreed to merge into two new organisations – the new United Federation of Labour would co-ordinate the trade unions, while the two main political parties (the hard-line Socialist Party and the moderate United Labour Party) would merge to form the Social Democrats. Not all members of the United Labour Party accepted the plan, however, and some continued on under the same banner and continued as a Rump party.
<John_Bromfield>	John Bromfield (born Farron Bromfield; June 11, 1922 – September 19, 2005) was an American actor and commercial fisherman.Farron Bromfield was born in South Bend, Indiana. He played football and was a boxing champion at Saint Mary's College of California, where he also lettered in football, baseball, track and swimming. In the 1940s, he gained his first acting experience at the La Jolla Playhouse.Bromfield served in the United States Navy in World War II. 
<Romualdo_Pacheco>	José Antonio Romualdo Pacheco (October 31, 1831 – January 23, 1899) was a Californio statesman and diplomat. A Republican, he is best known as the only Hispanic person to serve as Governor of California since the American Conquest of California, and as the first Latino to represent a state in the U.S. Congress. Pacheco was elected and appointed to various state, federal, and diplomatic offices throughout his more than thirty-year career, including serving as a California State Treasurer, California State Senator, and three terms in the U.S. House of Representatives.José Antonio Romualdo Pacheco was a Californio, born in Santa Barbara, California, to a family with prominent connections. His father, José Antonio Romualdo Pacheco, had moved to Alta California from Guanajuato in 1825, and served as an aide to José María de Echeandía during his tenure as Governor of Alta California. Pacheco's father was killed at the Battle of Cahuenga Pass in 1831, when the young Romualdo was just five weeks old.  His father had shot José María Avila, who had attacked Alta California Governor Manuel Victoria with a lance, but died when Avila's lance struck him.  His mother, María Ramona Carrillo de Pacheco, was a sister-in-law of General Mariano Guadalupe Vallejo and a daughter of María Ygnacia López de Carrillo, the grantee of Rancho Cabeza de Santa Rosa. After the death of his father, Romualdo's mother married Captain John D. Wilson, a Scotsman, who sent Pacheco to Honolulu, Hawaii, for his education.
<Priestley_Medal>	The Priestley Medal is the highest honor conferred by the American Chemical Society (ACS) and is awarded for distinguished service in the field of chemistry. Established in 1922, the award is named after Joseph Priestley, the discoverer of oxygen who immigrated to the United States of America in 1794.  The ACS formed in 1876, spearheaded by a group of chemists who had met two years previously in Priestley's home.The Priestley Medal is commonly awarded to scientists who are advanced in their fields, as it is intended to commemorate lifetime achievement.  When the ACS started presenting the Priestley Medal in 1923, they intended to award it every three years.  This continued until 1944, when it became an annual award.
<Patriarch_Tikhon_of_Moscow>	Tikhon of Moscow (Russian: Тихон Московский, 31 January [O.S. 19 January] 1865 – 7 April [O.S. 25 March] 1925), born Vasily Ivanovich Bellavin (Russian: Василий Иванович Беллавин), was a bishop of the Russian Orthodox Church (ROC). On 5 November 1917 (OS) he was selected the 11th Patriarch of Moscow and All Russia, after a period of about 200 years of the Synodal rule in the ROC. He was canonised as a confessor by the ROC in 1989.From 1878 to 1884, Bellavin studied at the Pskov Theological Seminary.  In 1888, at the age of 23, he graduated from the Saint Petersburg Theological Academy as a layman. He then returned to the Pskov Seminary and became an instructor of Moral and Dogmatic Theology.  In 1891, at the age of 26, he took monastic vows and was given the name Tikhon in honor of St. Tikhon of Zadonsk.  Tikhon was consecrated Bishop of Lublin on 19 October 1897.On 14 September 1898, he was appointed Bishop of the Aleutian Islands and Alaska. He went to the United States, and eventually became a naturalized American citizen. The peripatetic bishop visited emerging Orthodox emigrant communities in various American cities, including New York City, Chicago and the coal and steel-making cities in Pennsylvania and Ohio. 
<Donald_J._Cram>	Donald James Cram (April 22, 1919 – June 17, 2001) was an American chemist who shared the 1987 Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Jean-Marie Lehn and Charles J. Pedersen "for their development and use of molecules with structure-specific interactions of high selectivity." They were the founders of the field of host–guest chemistry.Cram was born and raised in Chester, Vermont, to a Scottish immigrant father, and a German immigrant mother. His father died before Cram turned four, leaving him the only male in a family of five. He grew up on Aid to Dependent Children, and learned to work at an early age, doing jobs such as picking fruit, tossing newspapers, and painting houses, while bartering for piano lessons. By the time he turned eighteen, he had worked at least eighteen different jobs.Cram attended the Winwood High School in Long Island, N.Y.From 1938 to 1941, he attended Rollins College, in Winter Park, Florida on a national honorary scholarship, where he worked as an assistant in the chemistry department, and was active in theater, chapel choir, Lambda Chi Alpha, Phi Society, and Zeta Alpha Epsilon. It was at Rollins that he became known for building his own chemistry equipment. In 1941, he graduated from Rollins College with a BS in Chemistry.
<Henok_Goitom>	Henok Goitom (Swedish pronunciation: [ˈhěːnɔk]; born 22 September 1984) is a former professional footballer who played as a centre-forward, currently assistant manager of AIK. He spent most of his 18-year career with AIK (two spells) and in Spain, where he played 215 matches and scored 42 goals across both major levels – 109 games and 14 goals in La Liga. He also competed professionally in Italy and the United States.
<Osborn_Elliott>	Osborn Elliott (October 25, 1924 – September 28, 2008) was the editor of Newsweek magazine for sixteen years between 1961 and 1976. Elliott is credited with transforming Newsweek from a staid publication into a modern rival of Time.Newsweek's circulation doubled to 3 million issues during Elliott's tenure as editor, which narrowed the gap with Time.Osborn Elliott was born in New York City, the son of Audrey Osborn and John Elliott. His father worked as an investment counselor. His mother was a high-profile real estate agent in Manhattan who had been actively involved with the American women's suffrage movement of the early 20th century.
<Andrzej_Duda>	Andrzej Sebastian Duda (Polish pronunciation: ['andʐɛj ˈduda]; born 16 May 1972) is a Polish lawyer and politician who has served as president of Poland since 6 August 2015. Before becoming president, Andrzej Duda was a member of Polish Lower House (Sejm) from 2011 to 2014 and the European Parliament from 2014 to 2015.Andrzej Duda was the presidential candidate for the Law and Justice party (PiS), during the 2015 presidential election in May 2015. In the first round of voting, Andrzej Duda received 5,179,092 votes – 34.76% of valid votes. In the second round of voting, Andrzej Duda received 51.55% of the vote, beating the incumbent president Bronisław Komorowski, who received 48.45% of the vote. On 26 May 2015, Andrzej Duda resigned his party membership as the president-elect.
<Sopoti_Librazhd_B>	KF Sopoti B is an Albanian football club based in the town of Librazhd. They are currently competing in the Albanian Third Division.This article about an Albanian football club is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Bell_M._Shimada>	Bell M. Shimada (January 17, 1922 - June 2, 1958) was an American fisheries scientist. He is noted for his study during the 1950s of tuna stocks in the tropical Pacific Ocean and its important effect on the development of the post-World War II tuna fishery on the United States West Coast.Bell Masayuki Shimada was born in Seattle, Washington, on January 17, 1922, to Japanese immigrant parents. As a boy, he demonstrated an aptitude for mathematics and science. After graduating from Franklin High School, he attended the University of Washington, where he studied at the School of Fisheries.The United States entered World War II with the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor in December 1941. Early in the war, concerns arose in the United States that Japanese-Americans might sympathize with Japan, leading to a program of  internment of Japanese-Americans which involved "evacuating" them involuntarily from the United States West Coast and incarcerating them in inland concentration camps. This interrupted Shimada′s studies when he was "evacuated" on April 27, 1942. He was incarcerated at Minidoka in Idaho on April 29, 1942.
<Nikki_Finke>	Nikki Jean Finke (December 16, 1953 – October 9, 2022) was an American blogger, journalist, publisher, and writer. She was a consultant to Penske Business Media LLC and senior editorial contributor for PBM run by media owner Jay Penske. She founded and was the chief executive officer of Hollywood Dementia LLC and its website, HollywoodDementia.com, for showbiz short fiction. She also was the founder, editor-in-chief, and president of Deadline Hollywood, a website with original content consisting of her and other veteran showbiz journalists' reporting and commentary on the business of the entertainment industry. The website was formerly known as Deadline Hollywood Daily. In December 2011, she was given the additional title of editorial advisor of parent company Penske Media Corp.Finke was born in New York (reported as either Manhattan or Long Island) on December 16, 1953, one of two daughters born to Jewish parents, Robert and Doris Finke. She was raised in the affluent village of Sands Point, New York.
<Bohdan_Shust>	Bohdan Romanovych Shust (Ukrainian: Богдан Романович Шуст; born 4 March 1986) is a professional Ukrainian retired footballer.Shust started his professional career in FC Karpaty Lviv in 2004. By the end of his time there, he had played 19 league matches for the club.
<Johnny_Jarvis>	Johnny Jarvis is a 1983 British television drama series created and written by Nigel Williams, adapted from his novel of the same title. The series was directed by Alan Dossor and produced by Guy Slater for the BBC. The principal actors were Mark Farmer, Johanna Hargreaves, Ian Sears, Alrick Riley and Jamie Foreman.Today it is credited as capturing the zeitgeist of early 1980s UK life. The adaptation was broadcast between 10 November and 15 December 1983. The signature tune for the series was provided by Gary Shail and the music for the series was by John Altman. It had been rumoured that the original series has been erased from the BBC's tape archive, preventing any further release  but extant copies on sale prove the rumour to be incorrect. It was released on DVD in November 2017.The story centres on Johnny Jarvis (Mark Farmer) and Alan Lipton (Ian Sears) who are two teenagers in their final year of secondary school at a comprehensive in Hackney. Energetic, anxious and occasionally naïve, the pair are on the brink of entering the adult world.
<Ito-toren>	The Ito-toren (Dutch for Ito Tower) is a 100 metres (328 feet) tall office building in the Zuidas in the Dutch capital city Amsterdam. The building is part of the Mahler4 complex and has inside that complex the code "1AH".The construction of the Ito-toren was part of the first construction phase of Mahler4 and took place between September 2002 and June 2005. In June 2004, the building was topped out. The developers of the Ito-toren were G&S Vastgoed, Fortis Vastgoed Ontwikkeling and ING Real Estate. Toyo Ito, after whom the building is named, and his architecture firm designed the office building. ZZDP Architecten was involved in the design process as well. The company Van der Vorm was the engineer.In December 2002, the developer G&S Vastgoed sold the building for €133.5 million to the German company Commerz Grundbesitz-Investmentgesellschaft (CGI), a Commerz Real company. At the same time, CGI bought the office building SOM and the parking garage, both parts of Mahler4 as well. CGI was together with the three developers involved as an investor in the project since 1999. Commerz Real was negotiating with Tishman Speyer in order to sell the Ito-toren at the end of 2013, but the companies didn't reach an agreement. The German company Union Investment did reach an agreement on April 15, 2014 and thus bought the Ito-toren for €172.8 million, which was €200,000 more than the estimated value by an appraiser. The nearby office building SOM was again sold at the same time.
<Walsall_F.C.>	Walsall Football Club is a professional association football club based in the town of Walsall, West Midlands, England. The team competes in EFL League Two, the fourth tier of the English football league system. The club's nickname, "The Saddlers", reflects Walsall's status as a traditional centre for saddle manufacture. Walsall moved into their Bescot Stadium in 1990, having previously played at nearby Fellows Park for almost a century. The team play in a red and white kit and their club crest features a swift. They hold rivalries with nearby Wolverhampton Wanderers and West Bromwich Albion, as well as farther away but more regularly contested rivalries with Shrewsbury Town and Port Vale.The club was founded in 1888 as Walsall Town Swifts, an amalgamation of Walsall Town and Walsall Swifts. The club moved to the Football Alliance from the Midland Association the following year, before being invited to help found the Football League Second Division in 1892. They failed re-election in 1895, but were elected back into the Football League after one season in the Midland League. They failed re-election again in 1901 and this time spent two decades outside the Football League, primarily in the Birmingham & District League. Invited to help form the Football League Third Division North in 1921, they would remain in the third tier for the next 37 years before becoming founder members of the Fourth Division. Walsall won the Fourth Division title in 1959–60 and then secured promotion out of the Third Division the following season, though were relegated in 1963 and again in 1979.
<Matthew_Reid_(politician)>	Matthew Reid (30 September 1856 – 28 August 1947) was a Scottish-born Australian politician.Born in Ayrshire, he worked in London as a carpenter before migrating to Australia in 1887. He was active in the Carpenters' Union and was an organiser of the Australian Labour Federation from 1890. In 1893, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the Labor member for Toowong. Defeated in 1896, he was elected as the member for Enoggera in 1899, serving until 1902. He served as President of the Queensland Labor Party in 1905, but left the party in 1909 to join the new Liberal Party.
<Margery_Gill>	Margery Jean Gill (5 April 1925 – 31 October 2008) was a British illustrator of children's books.Born in Coatbridge, North Lanarkshire, Scotland, on 5 April 1925, she was brought up in Hatch End, London after her father Oscar moved there to take a job at the Post Office Research Station developing the speaking clock. She left school at 14 and took a place at Harrow School of Art.
<Killer_Instinct>	Killer Instinct is a series of fighting video games originally created by Rare and published by Midway, Nintendo, and Microsoft Studios. The original Killer Instinct was released for arcades in 1994; the game was then released for the Super NES and Game Boy in 1995. Its sequel, Killer Instinct 2, was released for arcades in 1996; the game was then released as Killer Instinct Gold for the Nintendo 64.The series was rebooted with the release of Killer Instinct (2013) for the Xbox One.Killer Instinct is an arcade fighting game developed by Rare and published by Midway. Initially released in arcades in 1994, the game advertised it would launch in 1995 for an intended "Nintendo Ultra 64" home console. The Ultra 64 eventually materialized as the Nintendo 64, but never received a version of the original Killer Instinct. Instead, the game received a high-profile launch on the SNES which bundled a CD of remixed game tracks with a limited edition black-colored cartridge, as well as a release on the Game Boy handheld the following year. Both the SNES and Game Boy versions were published by Nintendo. A digital port, titled Killer Instinct Classic, was released as part of a bundle with its 2013 sequel's first season on Xbox One.
<Alvin_S._White>	Alvin Swauger White (December 9, 1918 – April 29, 2006) was an American test pilot and mechanical engineer. He flew the maiden flights of both XB-70 Valkyrie aircraft, the first 2,000 mph (3,200 km/h) flight, and all subsequent Mach 3 exploration flights.Born on December 9, 1918, to Harold H. White Sr. (1888–1974) and Ruth A. Winkleman (1894–1975) in Berkeley, California. After graduating from high school, he enrolled in the University of California at Davis in 1936 to study electrical engineering, and transferred to the campus at Berkeley two years later. He began his flying career in the Civilian Pilot Training Program, receiving his license in 1940. During World War II, he enlisted in the U.S. Army Air Forces as an aviation cadet, and graduated from training at Williams Field, Arizona, in 1942. He later flew bomber escorts and strafing missions over Europe in the P-51 Mustang with the 355th Fighter Group from D-Day through V-E Day.
<Madison,_Wisconsin>	Madison is the county seat of Dane County and the capital city of the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2020 census the population was 269,840, making it the second-largest city in Wisconsin by population, after Milwaukee, and the 80th-largest in the U.S. The city forms the core of the Madison Metropolitan Area which includes Dane County and neighboring Iowa, Green, and Columbia counties for a population of 680,796. Madison is named for American Founding Father and President James Madison. The city is located on the traditional land of the Ho-Chunk, and the Madison area is known as Dejope, meaning "four lakes", or Taychopera, meaning "land of the four lakes", in the Ho-Chunk language.Located on an isthmus and lands surrounding four lakes—Lake Mendota, Lake Monona, Lake Kegonsa and Lake Waubesa—the city is home to the University of Wisconsin–Madison, the Wisconsin State Capitol, the Overture Center for the Arts, and the Henry Vilas Zoo. Madison is home to an extensive network of parks and bike trails; it has the most parks and playgrounds per capita of any of the 100 largest U.S. cities and is one of five communities to have received a "Platinum Bicycle Friendly Community" rating from the League of American Bicyclists. Madison is also home to nine National Historic Landmarks, including several buildings designed by architect Frank Lloyd Wright, such as his 1937 Jacobs I House, which is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
<Geoffrey_Holder>	Geoffrey Lamont Holder (August 1, 1930 – October 5, 2014) was a Trinidadian-American actor, dancer, musician, and artist. He was a principal dancer for the Metropolitan Opera Ballet before his film career began in 1957 with an appearance in Carib Gold. In 1973, he played the villainous Baron Samedi in the Bond film Live and Let Die. He also carried out advertising work as the pitchman for 7 Up.Born in Port of Spain, Trinidad, Holder was one of four children of Bajan and Trinidadian descent. He was educated at Tranquility School and Queen's Royal College in Port of Spain. He made his performance debut at the age of seven in his brother Boscoe Holder's dance company.
<Hoover_Field>	Coordinates: 38°52′N 77°03′W﻿ / ﻿38.87°N 77.05°W﻿ / 38.87; -77.05Hoover Field was an early airport serving the city of Washington, D.C. It was constructed as a private airfield in 1925, but opened to public commercial use on July 16, 1926. It was located in Arlington, Virginia, near the intersection of the Highway Bridge and the Mount Vernon Memorial Parkway, where The Pentagon and its northern parking lots now stand.Considered one of the most hazardous airfields in the United States, Hoover Field suffered from short and unpaved runways, numerous life-threatening obstructions around the field, poor visibility (due to a burning garbage dump to its northwest), and poor drainage. It was purchased by the owner of nearby Washington Airport in early 1929, causing a brief merger of the two fields, but was sold to a new owner just 12 months later. It nearly went bankrupt in 1933, and was sold at auction and merged with Washington Airport to become Washington-Hoover Airport on August 2, 1933.
<Tamara_Desni>	Tamara Desni (22 October 1913 – 7 February 2008) was a German-born British actress She appeared in films in the 1930s and 1940s.Desni was born in Berlin as Tamara Brodsky, the daughter of actress Xenia Desni. Her mother was born in Kiev, Russian Empire and emigrated to Germany some time before Desni's birth. She became a star of German cinema during the silent era.
<Avalanche_Software>	Avalanche Software is an American video game developer based in Salt Lake City, Utah and a subsidiary of Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment. It was founded in October 1995 by four programmers formerly of Sculptured Software, including John Blackburn, who serves as chief executive officer. The studio was acquired by the games arm of The Walt Disney Company in May 2005, and spent the next ten years developing Disney-related titles, including the toys-to-life game Disney Infinity (2013). In May 2016, due to a declining toys-to-life games market, Disney decided to close the games arm, including Avalanche. Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment acquired the studio and re-opened it in January 2017.Avalanche Software was founded by four programmers formerly of Sculptured Software, including John Blackburn. After Sculptured Software had been acquired by Acclaim Entertainment, the four had been in contact with another former Sculptured Software staffer who left the year prior for Saffire. The four were interested in joining Saffire, which was seeking programmers for an upcoming project, but did not want to commute to the company's offices in Pleasant Grove. Instead, Saffire's owner convinced them to start their own company. Subsequently, Blackburn and his acquaintances established Avalanche in October 1995, with Blackburn becoming the company's president.
<Aberystwyth_Town_F.C.>	Aberystwyth Town Football Club (Welsh: Clwb Pêl-Droed Tref Aberystwyth) is a Welsh semi-professional football team, currently playing in the Cymru Premier, the top tier of football in Wales. They are the only top flight football club in Ceredigion.The club was founded in 1884, and plays at Park Avenue, Aberystwyth, where their ground accommodates 5,000 spectators with 1,000 of that capacity seated. The club is one of the founding members of the Cymru Premier.
<Michael_Stewart_(playwright)>	Michael Stewart (August 1, 1924 – September 20, 1987) was an American playwright and dramatist, librettist, lyricist, screenwriter and novelist.Born Myron Stuart Rubin in Manhattan, Stewart attended Queens College, and graduated from the Yale School of Drama with a Master of Fine Arts in 1953.His early work was writing sketches for the revues The Shoestring Revue (1955), The Littlest Revue (1956), and Shoestring '57 (1956, Barbizon-Plaza, New York). He then joined the staff writers of Sid Caesar's television program, Caesar's Hour.
<Anaïs_Nin>	Angela Anaïs Juana Antolina Rosa Edelmira Nin y Culmell (February 11, 1903 – January 14, 1977; /ˌænaɪˈiːs ˈniːn/, French: [ana.is nin]) was a French-born American diarist, essayist, novelist, and writer of short stories and erotica. Born to Cuban parents in France, Nin was the daughter of the composer Joaquín Nin and the classically trained singer Rosa Culmell. Nin spent her early years in Spain and Cuba, about sixteen years in Paris (1924–1940), and the remaining half of her life in the United States, where she became an established author.Nin wrote journals prolifically from age eleven until her death. Her journals, many of which were published during her lifetime, detail her private thoughts and personal relationships. Her journals also describe her marriages to Hugh Parker Guiler and Rupert Pole, in addition to her numerous affairs, including those with psychoanalyst Otto Rank and writer Henry Miller, both of whom profoundly influenced Nin and her writing.In addition to her journals, Nin wrote several novels, critical studies, essays, short stories, and volumes of erotica. Much of her work, including the collections of erotica Delta of Venus and Little Birds, was published posthumously amid renewed critical interest in her life and work. Nin spent her later life in Los Angeles, California, where she died of cervical cancer in 1977. She was a finalist for the Neustadt International Prize for Literature in 1976.
<Kris_Bryant>	Kristopher Lee Bryant (born January 4, 1992), nicknamed "KB", is an American professional baseball third baseman and outfielder for the Colorado Rockies of Major League Baseball (MLB). He has previously played in MLB for the Chicago Cubs and San Francisco Giants. Prior to playing professionally, Bryant attended the University of San Diego, where he played college baseball for the Toreros.Bryant starred in baseball for Bonanza High School. In college, he was named an All-American in 2012 and 2013, and won the Dick Howser Trophy and Golden Spikes Award in 2013. The Cubs selected him with the second overall selection in the 2013 MLB draft, and he quickly became one of the top prospects in baseball, winning the USA Today Minor League Player of the Year Award and Baseball America Minor League Player of the Year Award in 2014.
<North_Hollywood,_Los_Angeles>	North Hollywood is a neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, located in the San Fernando Valley. The neighborhood contains the NoHo Arts District, the El Portal Theatre, several art galleries, and the Academy of TV Arts and Sciences. The North Hollywood Metro Rail station is one of the few subway-accessible Metro Rail stations in Los Angeles.North Hollywood was established by the Lankershim Ranch Land and Water Company in 1887. It was first named "Toluca" before being renamed "Lankershim" in 1896 and finally "North Hollywood" in 1927.
<David_Hornsby>	David Alan Hornsby (born December 1, 1975) is an American actor, screenwriter, and producer. He is best known for a recurring role as defrocked priest Matthew "Rickety Cricket" Mara on the FX comedy series It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, for which he also writes and co-produces. Hornsby also had a regular role on the NBC comedy-crime series Good Girls (2018–2020). He is also the voice of Fanboy in the Nickelodeon animated TV series Fanboy & Chum Chum.Hornsby was born in Newport News, Virginia, on December 1, 1975. He is a cousin of musician Bruce Hornsby. He grew up in Houston, Texas, and majored in acting at Carnegie Mellon University.Hornsby plays defrocked priest Matthew "Rickety Cricket" Mara on the FX comedy series It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, also serving as an executive producer and writer on the show. He appeared as Steve "The Hutch" Hutchinson on The Joe Schmo Show, and as Patrick on Six Feet Under. His first animated role was Fanboy in Fanboy & Chum Chum. He also starred in the independent film Pretty Bird.
<Popular_Socialist_Party_(Brazil)>	Cidadania (English: Citizenship) is a Brazilian political party. It was originally founded as the Popular Socialist Party (Portuguese: Partido Popular Socialista, PPS) by members of the former Brazilian Communist Party (PCB), as a centre-left social democratic and democratic socialist party. Despite its left-wing aligment, PPS moved to be opposition against the Workers' Party since 2004, forming alliances with center-right parties, in particular the Brazilian Social Democracy Party (PSDB), and supporting the Impeachment of Dilma Rousseff. Later the party's National Convention adopted the new naming in March 2019, and it was later approved by the Superior Electoral Court that September. The party then began moving towards a more social liberal positions akin to the third way.It was founded in 1992 after the main body of the Brazilian Communist Party (PCB) decided to reinvent itself as a social democratic party following the collapse of the Soviet Union.  A minority faction of the Brazilian Communist Party retained the old name.
<Más_y_Más>	"Más y Más" (English: "More and More") is a single by Draco Rosa from his 2004 album Como Me Acuerdo. It was nominated as Record of the Year and Song of the Year at the 2004 Latin Grammy Awards. The English-language version of the song, entitled "Crash Push", was released on the album Mad Love. Rosa again produced this song as the first single for his 2013 album Vida, the first one after his 2009 "Amor Vincit Omnia" as well as his first album after his cancer diagnosis in April 2011. It was released in 2004 as a CD single, while the duet with fellow ex-Menudo bandmate, Ricky Martin, was released as a digital download on January 6, 2013. The new recording nominated for the 2013 Latin Grammy Award for Record of the Year, the only song to be nominated twice in this category.2004
<Southampton>	Southampton (/saʊθˈ(h)æmptən/ (listen)) is a port city in the ceremonial county of Hampshire in southern England.  It is located approximately 70 mi (110 km) south-west of London and 15 mi (24 km) west of Portsmouth. The city forms part of the South Hampshire built-up area, which also covers Portsmouth and the towns of Havant, Waterlooville, Eastleigh, Fareham and Gosport.A major port, and close to the New Forest, it lies at the northernmost point of Southampton Water, at the confluence of the River Test and Itchen, with the River Hamble joining to the south.
<Real_Sociedad>	Real Sociedad de Fútbol, S.A.D., more commonly referred to as Real Sociedad (pronounced [reˈal soθjeˈðað]; Royal Society), La Real in Spanish, Erreala in Basque, is a Spanish professional sports club in the city of San Sebastián, Basque Country, founded on 7 September 1909. It plays its home matches at the Anoeta Stadium.Real Sociedad won the Liga title in 1980–81 and 1981–82, and finished runner-up in 1979–80, 1987–88, and 2002–03. The club has also won the Copa del Rey three times, in 1909, 1987 and 2020. It contests the Basque derby against rivals Athletic Bilbao. Real Sociedad was a founding member of La Liga in 1929; its longest spell in the top flight was for 40 seasons, from 1967 to 2007.Traditionally the club followed a policy (similar to that of its rival Athletic) of signing only Basque players, before signing Republic of Ireland forward John Aldridge in 1989. While a strong Basque contingent has been retained among its players, nowadays both non-Basque Spaniards and foreign players are represented at the club. Its youth section subsequent to the all-Basque era has still been very successful in developing internationally renowned players, such as World Cup winners Xabi Alonso and Antoine Griezmann.
<Howard_Georgi>	Howard Mason Georgi III (born January 6, 1947) is an American theoretical physicist and the Mallinckrodt Professor of Physics and Harvard College Professor at Harvard University. He is also Director of Undergraduate Studies in Physics. He was Co-Master and then Faculty Dean of Leverett House with his wife, Ann Blake Georgi, from 1998 to 2018. His early work was in Grand Unification and gauge coupling unification within SU(5) and SO(10) groups (see Georgi–Glashow model).Georgi graduated from Pingry School in 1964, graduated from Harvard College in 1967 and obtained his Ph.D. from Yale University in 1971.  He was Junior Fellow in the Harvard Society of Fellows from 1973–76 and a Senior Fellow from 1982-1998.In early 1974 Georgi (with Sheldon Glashow) published the first grand unified theory (GUT), the Minimal SU(5) Georgi–Glashow model.  Georgi independently (alongside Harald Fritzsch and Peter Minkowski) published a minimal SO(10) GUT model in 1974.
<Phil_Martelli>	Philip Martelli Sr. (born August 31, 1954) is an American college basketball coach, currently the associate head coach for the Michigan Wolverines and the former head coach of the St. Joseph's Hawks. He led Saint Joseph's to seven NCAA Tournaments and six NIT appearances in 24 seasons as head coach.Martelli was a point guard for Widener University. As point guard, he was part of the NCAA Division III tournament teams in 1974-75 and 1975–76, and set the school's single season and career assist marks.Martelli began his career on Hawk Hill with SJU's 1985-86 NCAA Tournament team. In his decade as an assistant, he was part of the Hawks' NIT teams in 1992-93 and 1994–95. After 10 years as an assistant under Jim Boyle and John Griffin, Martelli was named the 14th coach in school history on July 20, 1995, and just the third non-alumnus to coach the school.
<Freakazoid!>	Freakazoid! is an American superhero comedy animated television series created by Bruce Timm and Paul Dini and developed by Tom Ruegger for the Kids' WB programming block of The WB. The series chronicles the adventures of the title character, Freakazoid, a crazy teenage superhero who battles with a bizarre array of supervillains. The show also features mini-episodes of adventures of other bizarre superheroes. The show was produced by Amblin Entertainment and Warner Bros. Animation. The cartoon was the third animated series produced by the collaboration of Steven Spielberg and Warner Bros. Animation during the animation renaissance of the 1990s.Bruce Timm, best known as a major principal of the DC Animated Universe, originally intended it to be a straightforward superhero action-adventure cartoon with comic overtones, but executive producer Steven Spielberg asked series producer and writer Tom Ruegger and the Animaniacs team to turn Freakazoid! into a flat-out comedy. The show is similar to fellow Ruegger-led programs such as Animaniacs, and the humor is unique in its inclusions of slapstick, fourth wall firings, parody, surreal humor and pop cultural references.The series was one of the first to debut on the new Kids' WB Saturday morning block of The WB, on September 9, 1995. The series lasted for two seasons, finishing with 24 episodes, the final one broadcast on June 1, 1997. Although the series originally struggled in the ratings, reruns on Cartoon Network and a fan following elevated it to become a cult hit. Warner Bros. considered renewing the series for a third season, but deemed it to be too expensive. The show also ranked #53 on IGN's Top 100 Animated Series list.
<C.D._Olivais_e_Moscavide>	Clube Desportivo dos Olivais e Moscavide is a centenary club located in the eastern area of Lisbon that distinguishes itself in practice in different levels of football, basketball, American Football and Table Football, in addition to developing various recreational and sociocultural activities.Founded on September 1, 1912 in the Parish of Santa Maria dos Olivais where the Oriente Station is currently located (currently the Parish of Parque das Nações), it had as its first name Rua Nova Foot-ball Club where it participated in 1931/32 in the District Championship of Promotion of the Lisbon Football Association, having achieved that same year promotion to the 2nd District Division.
<Nicklas_Bendtner>	Nicklas Bendtner (Danish pronunciation: [ˈne̝klæs ˈpenˀtnɐ]; born 16 January 1988) is a Danish former professional footballer who played as a forward. His preferred position was centre-forward, but he has also played on the right side of attack, and occasionally on the left. A large, tall, and physically strong player, he was known for his ability in the air and possessed a powerful header.Having progressed through the youth ranks at Tårnby Boldklub, Kjøbenhavns Boldklub and Arsenal, Bendtner signed his first professional contract with Arsenal in 2005. He made his debut in October 2005 in the League Cup against Sunderland. For the 2006–07 season, Bendtner was loaned out to Championship club Birmingham City, where he made 48 appearances. Following his return to Arsenal, he became a regular first team player, but began to slip out of favour during the 2010–11 season. As a result, he moved on loan to Premier League club Sunderland for the majority of the 2011–12 season, where he made 30 appearances. He then spent the entire 2012–13 season on loan to Serie A club Juventus, where he made 10 appearances but failed to score. Bendtner was released by Arsenal in 2014. He subsequently joined VfL Wolfsburg on a free transfer, for whom he scored the winning goal in the 2015 DFL-Supercup. Released in 2016, he returned to England, where he spent the first half of the 2016–17 season with Nottingham Forest of the Championship, and in March 2017 he signed for Rosenborg.
<Harlow_Town_F.C.>	Harlow Town Football Club is an English football club based in Harlow, Essex. The club is a former member of the Southern League Division One Central and plays at The Harlow Arena.The club is best known for its exploits in the 1979–80 FA Cup, in which it reached the fourth round, eliminating two Football League sides Southend United and Leicester City before losing to Watford at Vicarage Road.
<Madhubala>	Madhubala (born Mumtaz Jehan Begum Dehlavi; 14 February 1933 – 23 February 1969) was an Indian actress and producer who worked in Hindi-language films. She ranked as one of the highest-paid entertainers in India in the post-independence era, that coincided with the rise of Indian cinema on global levels. In a career spanning more than 20 years, Madhubala was predominantly active for only a decade but had appeared in over 60 films by the time of her death in 1969.Born and raised in Delhi, Madhubala relocated to Bombay with her family when she was 8 years old and shortly after appeared in minor roles in a number of films. She soon progressed to leading roles in the late 1940s, and earned success with the dramas Neel Kamal (1947) and Amar (1954), the horror film Mahal (1949), and the romantic films Badal (1951) and Tarana (1951). Following a brief setback, Madhubala rose to international prominence with her roles in the comedies Mr. & Mrs. '55 (1955), Chalti Ka Naam Gaadi (1958) and Half Ticket (1962), the crime films Howrah Bridge and Kala Pani (both 1958), and the musical Barsaat Ki Raat (1960).
<Bridgeport,_Connecticut>	Bridgeport is the most populous city and a major port in the U.S. state of Connecticut. With a population of 148,654 in 2020, it is also the fifth-most populous in New England. Located in eastern Fairfield County at the mouth of the Pequonnock River on Long Island Sound, it is 60 miles (97 km) from Manhattan and 40 miles (64 km) from The Bronx. It is bordered by the towns of Trumbull to the north, Fairfield to the west, and Stratford to the east. Bridgeport and other towns in Fairfield County make up the Bridgeport-Stamford-Norwalk-Danbury metropolitan statistical area, the second largest metropolitan area in Connecticut. The Bridgeport-Stamford-Norwalk-Danbury metropolis forms part of the New York metropolitan area.Inhabited by the Pauguseett Native American tribe until English settlement in the 1600s, Bridgeport was incorporated in 1821 as a town, and as a city in 1836. Showman P. T. Barnum was a resident of the city and served as the town's mayor (1871). Barnum built four houses in Bridgeport and housed his circus in town during winter.  The city in the early 20th century saw an economic and population boom, becoming by all measures Connecticut's chief manufacturing city by 1905. Bridgeport was the site of the world's first mutual telephone exchange (1877), the first dental hygiene school (1949), and the first bank telephone bill service in the US (1981). Inventor Harvey Hubbell II invented the electric plug outlet in Bridgeport in 1912. The Frisbie Pie Company was founded and operated in Bridgeport, and the city is credited as the birthplace of the Frisbee. The world's first Subway restaurant opened in the city's North End in 1965.  After World War II, industrial restructuring and suburbanization caused the loss of many large companies and affluent residents, leaving Bridgeport struggling with issues of poverty, violent crime, and a bad image.
<Jesús_Berrocal>	Jesús Berrocal Campos (born 5 February 1988) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Viveiro CF as a forward.Born in Córdoba, Andalusia, Berrocal spent his first years as a senior with Real Madrid's C team. In January 2009 he was loaned to Racing de Santander, playing with both the first and B sides with the Cantabrians. On 1 March 2009, he first appeared for the main squad and in La Liga, playing the last minute of the 1–1 home draw against CA Osasuna. The following week, again from the bench, he scored in a 5–3 loss at Deportivo de La Coruña.For the 2009–10 season, Berrocal was released by Real Madrid and signed a two-year deal with Granada CF of Segunda División B. He appeared regularly throughout his first year as the latter returned to the Segunda División after more than 20 years, contributing five goals. However, he would be released in the summer, moving to another club in that league, AD Ceuta.
<Subiaco,_Western_Australia>	Subiaco (known colloquially as Subi) is an inner-western suburb of Perth, the capital of Western Australia. It is approximately 3 km (1.9 mi) west of Perth's central business district, in the City of Subiaco local government area. Historically a working-class suburb containing a mixture of industrial and commercial land uses, since the 1990s the area has been one of Australia's most celebrated urban redevelopment projects. It remains a predominantly low-rise, urban village neighbourhood centred around Subiaco train station and Rokeby Road.The suburb has three schools: Subiaco Primary School, Perth Modern School, which is the state's only fully academically selective public school, and Bob Hawke College. Landmarks in Subiaco include Subiaco Oval, which formerly was the largest stadium in Western Australia, King Edward Memorial Hospital for Women, and Subiaco railway station.
<Raymond_Barre>	Raymond Octave Joseph Barre (French: [ʁɛmɔ̃ baʁ]; 12 April 1924 – 25 August 2007) was a French centre-right politician and economist. He was a Vice President of the European Commission and Commissioner for Economic and Financial Affairs under three presidents (Rey, Malfatti and Mansholt) and later served as Prime Minister under Valéry Giscard d'Estaing from 1976 until 1981. As a candidate for the presidency in 1988, he came in third and was eliminated in the first round. He was born in Saint-Denis, in the French island of Réunion, then still a colony (it became an overseas department in 1946).After his education, Raymond Barre was professor of economics at the Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris (Sciences Po) as well as École Centrale Paris.
<Ancestry.com>	Ancestry.com LLC is an American genealogy company based in Lehi, Utah. The largest for-profit genealogy company in the world, it operates a network of genealogical, historical records, and related genetic genealogy websites.In November 2018, the company said to have provided access to approximately 10 billion historical records, to have 3 million paying subscribers, and to have sold 18 million DNA kits to customers. By 2022, this number had risen to 30 billion records according to the company. On December 4, 2020, The Blackstone Group acquired the company in a deal valued at $4.7 billion.
<Chullora_Bus_Workshops>	The Chullora Bus Workshops were the central workshops for the State Transit Authority and its predecessors, located on the north western corner of Roberts and Norfolk Roads Chullora.Chullora Bus Workshops opened on 30 June 1958 as the central workshops for the Department for Government Transport's bus fleet. Spread over 32 acres, it took over the function of performing all heavy maintenance and overhauls that had previously been performed at the much more confined Leichhardt Bus Depot.
<Volvo_850>	The Volvo 850 is a compact executive car that was produced by the Swedish manufacturer Volvo Cars from 1991 until 1996. Designed by Jan Wilsgaard, the car was introduced in a saloon body style; an estate style was introduced in 1993.The Volvo 850 was shown for the first time in June 1991, and the car marked a departure for Volvo, featuring multiple unprecedented features for the company; these included a transverse 5-cylinder engine driving the front wheels, a Delta-link rear axle, a side impact protection system, and a self-adjusting front seat belt mechanism.The Volvo 850 was succeeded by the Volvo S70 and Volvo V70.
<Mills_E._Godwin_Jr.>	Mills Edwin Godwin Jr. (November 19, 1914 – January 30, 1999) was an American politician who was the 60th and 62nd governor of Virginia for two non-consecutive terms, from 1966 to 1970 and from 1974 to 1978.In his first term, he was a member of the Democratic Party, and was the last Virginia governor elected as a part of the Byrd Machine, the conservative Democratic establishment that dominated the state's politics for over three decades. He was succeeded by Linwood Holton, the first non-Democratic governor in over 80 years. By 1973, when he ran for a second term, Godwin had switched to the Republican Party, as the dominance of the Democrats in Virginia politics receded and the Byrd political machine had disintegrated. He was the first governor in the history of the United States to be elected as both a Democrat and a Republican.
<Government_of_Thailand>	Vajiralongkorn (Rama X)Dipangkorn Rasmijoti
<Gareth_Farrelly>	Gareth Farrelly (born 28 August 1975) is an Irish football manager and former professional footballer.He played as a midfielder notably in the Premier League for Aston Villa, Bolton Wanderers and Everton. He also played in the Football League for Rotherham United, Burnley, Bradford City, Wigan Athletic, Blackpool and Morecambe, as well as in his native Ireland for Bohemians and Cork City and English non-league team Warrington Town. He also played six times for the Republic of Ireland.
<Takaaki_Kajita>	Takaaki Kajita (梶田 隆章, Kajita Takaaki, Japanese pronunciation: [kadʑita takaːki]; born 9 March 1959) is a Japanese physicist, known for neutrino experiments at the Kamioka Observatory – Kamiokande and its successor, Super-Kamiokande. In 2015, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics jointly with Canadian physicist Arthur B. McDonald. On 1 October 2020, he became the president of the Science Council of Japan.Kajita was born in 1959 in Higashimatsuyama, Saitama, Japan. He liked studying thought rather than memorizing, especially with interest in physics, biology, world history, Japanese history, and earth science in high school. He studied physics at Saitama University and graduated in 1981. He received his doctorate in 1986 at the University of Tokyo. At the University of Tokyo, he joined Masatoshi Koshiba's research group because neutrinos "seemed like they might be interesting."
<Harivallabh_Bhayani>	Harivallabh Chunilal Bhayani (26 May 1917 – 11 November 2000) was a linguist, researcher, critic and translator from India.Bhayani was born on 26 May 1917 in Mahuva to Dasa Shrimali Jain Sthanakvasi family of Chunilal. His parents died when he was young and was raised by his grandmother. He passed his matriculation in 1934 from M. N. High School in Mahuva. He went to Samaldas College, Bhavnagar and completed B. A. in Sanskrit in 1939. He completed M. A. in Sanskrit and Ardhamagadhi from Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan, Bombay in 1941. He married Chandrakala in 1950. He completed his thesis on Paumachariya, an epic poetry in Apabhramsha by Swayambhudev, and received Ph.D. under guidance of Muni Jinvijay in 1951. He was also influenced by Ralph Lilley Turner during this period. He was a professor at Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan from 1945 to 1965. He returned to Ahmedabad and joined School of Languages, Gujarat University. He taught there from 1965 to 1975. He voluntarily retired in 1975. He served as an honorary professor at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Institute of Indology. He also served at International School of Dravidian Linguistics in 1980. He received honorary fellowship of the School of Oriental and African Studies of the University of London in 1993. In 1993, he co-founded Anusandhan, a journal featuring Jain literary works. He died on 11 November 2000 in Mumbai, India.
<Marcello_Trotta>	Marcello Trotta (born 29 September 1992) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Serie C Group C club Avellino.Born in Santa Maria Capua Vetere, Italy, Trotta began his career in the youth team at Serie A club Napoli and decided to leave to experience "a new culture, a new language, a new type of football" in England. In September 2013, he revealed that he would be interested in signing again for Napoli in the future if the opportunity arose, as England provided no new football at all. He joined the academy at Premier League club Manchester City in 2008. The club described him as one of the club's brightest young talents, with his skill and ruthlessness in front of goal. He only lasted three months with the club.
<Nestor_Carbonell>	Néstor Gastón Carbonell (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈnestoɾ ɣasˈtoŋ kaɾβoˈneʎ]; born December 1, 1967) is an American actor, director, and screenwriter. He came to prominence for his role as Luis Rivera in the NBC sitcom Suddenly Susan. He is known for his roles as Richard Alpert in the ABC drama series Lost, Sheriff Alex Romero in the A&E drama series Bates Motel, and Yanko Flores in the Apple TV+ drama series The Morning Show. Carbonell also starred as Mayor Anthony Garcia in Christopher Nolan's superhero films The Dark Knight (2008) and The Dark Knight Rises (2012).
<Occidental_language>	Patre nor, qui es in li cieles,mey tui nómine esser sanctificat...
<Banca_Teatina>	Banca Teatina S.p.A. formerly known as Nuova Cassa di Risparmio di Chieti S.p.A. was an Italian savings bank headquartered in Chieti Scalo, Chieti, Abruzzo region. The bank was formed on 22 November 2015 to replace the old Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Chieti S.p.A. which was under special administration from 2014 to 2015.  The bank was bought by UBI Banca on 18 January 2017 for a nominal fee. Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Chieti S.p.A. was the successor of the bank that known as "Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Chieti", which was under legal reconstruction in 1990s. The former legal entity of "Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Chieti" became Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Chieti, which was the majority shareholder of the S.p.A. before its failure in 2015.Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Chieti was found in 1938 by the merger of Cassa di Risparmio Marrucina (found 1862) and Cassa di Risparmio di Guardiagrele.In 1992, Due to Legge Amato [it], the statutory corporation was split into a "company limited by shares" Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Chieti S.p.A. (in short Carichieti S.p.A.), and a banking foundation Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Chieti ("Fondazione Chieti" in short). The foundation was the owner of Carichieti S.p.A. for 80%, with Cariplo owned 20%. Cariplo also owned 20% shares of Abruzzo savings banks Caripe and Tercas.
<Getúlio_Vargas>	Getúlio Dornelles Vargas (Brazilian Portuguese: [ʒeˈtulju doɾˈnɛliz ˈvaɾɡɐs]; 19 April 1882 – 24 August 1954) was a Brazilian lawyer and politician who served as the 14th and 17th president of Brazil, from 1930 to 1945 and from 1951 to 1954. Due to his long and controversial tenure as Brazil's provisional, constitutional, and dictatorial leader, he is considered by historians as the most influential Brazilian politician of the 20th century.Born in São Borja, Rio Grande do Sul, to a powerful local family, Vargas had a short stint in the Army before entering law school. He began his political career as district attorney, soon becoming a state deputy prior to a brief departure from politics. After returning to the state Legislative Assembly, Vargas led troops during Rio Grande do Sul's 1923 civil war. He entered national politics as a member of the Chamber of Deputies. Afterward, Vargas served as Minister of Finance under President Washington Luís before resigning to head Rio Grande do Sul as state president, during which he had an active tenure and introduced many policies.
<Traveller's_Tales>	Traveller's Tales is a British video game developer and a subsidiary of TT Games. Traveller's Tales was founded in 1989 by Jon Burton and Andy Ingram. Initially a small company focused on its own content, it grew in profile through developing games with larger companies such as Sega and Disney Interactive Studios. In 2004, development on Lego Star Wars: The Video Game started with Giant Interactive Entertainment, the exclusive rights holder to Lego video games. Traveller's Tales bought the company in 2005, and the two merged to create TT Games, with Traveller's Tales becoming the new company's development arm.Traveller's Tales started developing games with Psygnosis, which were most notable for creating 3D effects. Their first game was Leander, also known as The Legend of Galahad. With Psygnosis they developed a video game adaption of Bram Stoker's Dracula, as well as other original productions like Puggsy. Thanks to an agreement between Psygnosis, Sony Imagesoft and Disney Interactive Studios, Traveller's Tales could produce several games based on Disney's properties, such as the Mickey Mouse game Mickey Mania: The Timeless Adventures of Mickey Mouse and other games based on Pixar movies like Toy Story, A Bug's Life, Toy Story 2: Buzz Lightyear to the Rescue and Finding Nemo (the latter two thanks to agreements with Activision and THQ).
<Netherlands_national_under-21_football_team>	The Netherlands national under-21 football team is the national under-21 team of the Netherlands and is controlled by the Royal Dutch Football Association.  The team competes in the European Under-21 Championship, held every two years.Following the realignment of UEFA's youth competitions in 1976, the Dutch Under-21 team was formed. The team did not have a very good record, failing to qualify for nine of the fifteen tournaments.  The team did not enter for the 1978 competition, but since then has reached the semi-finals twice, and qualified for the last eight on three other occasions.
<Brad_Mays>	Brad Mays (born May 30, 1955) is an independent filmmaker and stage director, living and working in Los Angeles, California.Mays was raised in the Edinburg section of West Windsor Township, New Jersey, attending the local public schools before going to Princeton High School.During the early 1970s, Mays became involved in the performing arts during a professional internship at the McCarter Theater in Princeton, New Jersey. When his family moved  to Maryland in the wake of difficulties resulting from his participation in anti-war demonstrations, Mays became heavily involved in the Baltimore experimental theater scene and, at the age of eighteen, began directing at the Corner Theatre ETC.
<Have_Yourself_a_Merry_Little_Christmas>	"Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas" is a song written in 1943 by Hugh Martin and Ralph Blane and introduced by Judy Garland in the 1944 MGM musical Meet Me in St. Louis. Frank Sinatra later recorded a version with modified lyrics. In 2007, ASCAP ranked it the third most performed Christmas song during the preceding five years that had been written by ASCAP members.In 2004 it finished at No. 76 in AFI's 100 Years...100 Songs rankings of the top tunes in American cinema.The song was written in 1943 for the then-upcoming film Meet Me in St. Louis, for which MGM had hired Martin and Blane to write several songs. Martin was vacationing in a house in the neighborhood of Southside in Birmingham, Alabama that his father Hugh Martin had designed for his mother as a honeymoon cottage, located just down the street from his birthplace, and which later became the home of Martin and his family in 1923. The song first appeared in a scene in which a family is distraught by the father's plans to move to New York City for a job promotion, leaving behind their beloved home in St. Louis, Missouri, just before the long-anticipated 1904 World's Fair begins. In a scene set on Christmas Eve, Judy Garland's character, Esther, sings the song to cheer up her despondent five-year-old sister, Tootie, played by Margaret O'Brien.
<RCTI>	RCTI (Rajawali Citra Televisi Indonesia) is a West Jakarta-based Indonesian free-to-air television network. It is best known for its soap operas, celebrity bulletins, news, and sports programmes. It was first launched in 1989, originally as a local pay television operator that broadcasts mostly foreign programmes, before switching to free-to-air terrestrial network a year later.
<Ann_Morgan_Guilbert>	Ann Morgan Guilbert (October 16, 1928 – June 14, 2016), sometimes credited as Ann Guilbert, was an American television and film actress and comedian who portrayed a number of roles from the 1950s on, most notably as Millie Helper in 61 episodes of the early 1960s sitcom The Dick Van Dyke Show, and later Yetta Rosenberg, Fran Fine's doddering grandmother, in 56 episodes of the 1990s sitcom The Nanny.Guilbert was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, the daughter of Dr. Gerald Guilbert, a physician, and his wife, Cornelia (née Morgan). Her paternal grandfather, Lionel Guilbert, was an immigrant from England.
<Animal_House>	National Lampoon's Animal House is a 1978 American comedy film directed by John Landis and written by Harold Ramis, Douglas Kenney and Chris Miller. It stars John Belushi, Peter Riegert, Tim Matheson, John Vernon, Verna Bloom, Thomas Hulce, Stephen Furst, and Donald Sutherland. The film is about a trouble-making fraternity whose members challenge the authority of the dean of the fictional Faber College.The film was produced by Matty Simmons of National Lampoon and Ivan Reitman for Universal Pictures. It was inspired by stories written by Miller and published in National Lampoon. The stories were based on Ramis' experience in the Zeta Beta Tau fraternity at Washington University in St. Louis, Miller's Alpha Delta Phi experiences at Dartmouth College in New Hampshire, and producer Reitman's at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario.
<Flag_of_Uruguay>	The national flag of Uruguay (Spanish: Pabellón Nacional) is one of the three official flags of Uruguay along with the flag of Artigas and the flag of the Treinta y Tres. It has a field of nine equal horizontal stripes alternating white and blue. The canton is white, charged with the Sun of May, from which 16 rays extend, alternating between triangular and wavy. The flag was first adopted by law on 18 December 1828, and had 19 alternating stripes of white and blue until 11 July 1830, when a new law reduced the number of alternating stripes to nine. The flag was designed by Joaquín Suárez.The horizontal stripes on the flag represent the nine original departments of Uruguay, based on the U.S. flag, where the stripes represent the original 13 colonies. The first flag designed in 1828 had 9 light blue stripes; this number was reduced to 4 in 1830 due to visibility problems from distance. The stripes of blue and white were inspired by the flag of Argentina, making the flag of Uruguay part of both the Stars and Stripes and Belgrano flag families.The golden Sun of May represents the May Revolution of 1810; the Sun of May is a figurative sun that represents Inti, the sun god and mythological founder of the Incan Empire. It also appears in the Flag of Argentina and the Coat of Arms of Bolivia.
<David_Gilmour>	David Jon Gilmour CBE (/ˈɡɪlmɔːr/ GHIL-mor; born 6 March 1946) is an English guitarist, singer, songwriter, and member of the rock band Pink Floyd. He joined as guitarist and co-lead vocalist in 1967, shortly before the departure of founding member Syd Barrett. Pink Floyd achieved international success with the concept albums The Dark Side of the Moon (1973), Wish You Were Here (1975), Animals (1977), The Wall (1979), and The Final Cut (1983). By the early 1980s, they had become one of the highest-selling and most acclaimed acts in music history; by 2012, they had sold more than 250 million records worldwide, including 75 million in the United States. Following the departure of Roger Waters in 1985, Pink Floyd continued under Gilmour's leadership and released three more studio albums.Gilmour has produced a variety of artists, such as the Dream Academy, and has released four solo studio albums: David Gilmour (1978), About Face (1984), On an Island (2006), and Rattle That Lock (2015). He is also credited for bringing the singer-songwriter Kate Bush to public attention. As a member of Pink Floyd, he was inducted into the US Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1996, and the UK Music Hall of Fame in 2005. In 2003, Gilmour was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE). He was awarded with the Outstanding Contribution title at the 2008 Q Awards. In 2011, Rolling Stone ranked him number 14 in their list of the greatest guitarists of all time. He was also voted number 36 in the greatest voices in rock by Planet Rock listeners in 2009.
<Ruth_Kirk>	Dame Lucy Ruth Kirk DBE (née Miller, 28 April 1922 – 20 March 2000) was a New Zealand prominent anti-abortion campaigner. Her husband was New Zealand's 29th Prime Minister, Norman Kirk.Lucy Ruth Miller was born in Taumarunui in 1922, the daughter of postmaster George Miller and his wife Margaret.
<Dracula,_the_Musical>	Dracula, the Musical is a musical based on the original 1897 Victorian novel by Bram Stoker. The score is by Frank Wildhorn, with lyrics and book by Don Black and Christopher Hampton.The show had its regional premiere at the La Jolla Playhouse, La Jolla, California, in 2001, playing to 115% capacity, earning the highest paid capacity for any world premiere production in the playhouse's history. It then premiered on Broadway in 2004, starring Tom Hewitt as the vampire Count and Melissa Errico as the woman he loves, Mina Harker.A brief nude scene in which Dracula seduces Lucy Westenra (played by Kelli O'Hara) received much publicity, as did the show's numerous special effects. Despite that, the show ran for only 154 performances, and received mainly negative reviews. The show was heavily revised and later had engagements in Europe, where it proved to be a hit.
<Adelheid_von_Rothschild>	Adelheid von Rothschild (also Adélaïde de Rothschild,  19 August 1853 – 22 June 1935) was a member of the Rothschild family.Adelheid was born on 19 August 1853 in Frankfurt. She was one of three daughters of Wilhelm Carl von Rothschild and Mathilde Hannah von Rothschild of the Naples branch of the Rothschild family.Her paternal grandparents were Carl Mayer von Rothschild and Adelheid (née Hertz) von Rothschild.  Her maternal grandparents were Anselm von Rothschild and Charlotte Nathan Rothschild (the daughter of Nathan Mayer Rothschild).
<Marita_Geraghty>	Marita Geraghty (born March 26, 1962) is an American television and film actress. She had roles in several movies during the late 1980s and early 1990s, most notably as Nancy Taylor in Groundhog Day. She was married to actor Michael Maguire.Geraghty was born in Chicago, Illinois. She graduated from the University of Illinois and made her Broadway debut in 1987 in Coastal Disturbances.
<Chester_City_F.C.>	Chester City Football Club was an association football team from Chester, England that played in a variety of leagues between 1885 and 2010. The club played its home games at Sealand Road from 1906 to 1991 and moved to the Deva Stadium in 1992 after playing two seasons of home games at Macclesfield Town's Moss Rose. Chester held cross-border derby matches with Welsh club Wrexham.The club was founded in August 1885 and entered The Combination five years later. They won the Combination title in 1908–09 and were admitted into the Lancashire Combination in 1910, gaining promotion out of Division Two in 1910–11. They entered the Cheshire County League in 1919 and were crowned champions three times: 1921–22, 1925–26 and 1926–27. Chester were elected into the Football League in 1931 and remained in the Third Division North until they were placed in the Fourth Division in 1958. Promoted in 1974–75, they were relegated in 1982 and changed name from Chester to Chester City the following year. City were promoted out of the Fourth Division in 1985–86 and regained their third tier status in 1993–94 after being relegated the previous season.
<Revolt_Against_the_Modern_World>	Revolt Against the Modern World: Politics, Religion, and Social Order in the Kali Yuga (Italian: Rivolta contro il mondo moderno) is a book by Julius Evola, first published in Italy in 1934. Described as Evola's most influential work, it is an elucidation of his Traditionalist world view. The first part of the book deals with the concepts of the Traditional world; its knowledge of the bridge between the earthly and the transcendent worlds.  The second part deals with the modern world, contrasting its characteristics with those of traditional societies: from politics and institutions to views on life and death. Evola denounces the regressive aspects of modern civilisation, and instead argues for a traditionalist society.Rivolta contro il mondo moderno was published in Milan by Hoepli in 1934. A revised and augmented edition was published in 1969. Translated into English by Guido Stucco (from the 1969 edition), it was published by Inner Traditions. It has also been translated into German, Spanish, French, Serbian and Hungarian. It is known as a cult book of the extreme right. The book influenced Mircea Eliade and other thinkers in the Traditionalist school, as well as the European Nouvelle Droite.
<Archer_(horse)>	Archer (1856–1872) was an Australian Thoroughbred racehorse who won the first and the second Melbourne Cups in 1861 and 1862. He won both Cups easily, and is one of only five horses to win the Melbourne Cup twice or more and is one of only four horses to win successive Cups. In 2017 Archer was inducted to the Australian Racing Hall of Fame.Archer was sired by the successful imported sire William Tell (GB) (1843, by Touchstone); his dam, Maid of the Oaks (dam of Mariner and William Tell (1855)) was by Vagabond (GB) (by Cain). Archer's sire and dam had been owned by Thomas Molyneux "Tom" Royds (1824–1852) of Ballalaba, (described as being near Jembaicumbene, which was then a major settlement), New South Wales. Royds formed a breeding partnership with his uncle-in-law Andrew Badgery (c.1804–1857), keeping their many horses on the Andrew Badgery managed Exeter Farm in Jembaicumbene. For £51, Royds purchased the mare Maid Of The Oaks at the dispersal of Charles Smith's Clifton Stud in 1845. Royds also imported the stallion Sailor By The Sea, and in February 1847 the stallion William Tell. Archer's full-sister, Our Nell, won three races in four days at the Goulburn races (1855) and other races at city tracks.
<İstiklâl_Marşı>	"İstiklâl Marşı" (Turkish pronunciation: [isticˈlal maɾˈʃɯ]; lit. 'Independence March') is the national anthem of both the Republic of Turkey and the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus. It was officially adopted by Grand National Assembly on 12 March 1921—two-and-a-half years before the 29 October 1923 establishment of the nation—both as a motivational musical saga for the troops fighting in the Turkish War of Independence, and as an aspirational anthem for a Republic that was yet to be established.Penned by Mehmet Âkif Ersoy, and ultimately composed by Osman Zeki Üngör, the theme is one of affection for the Turkish homeland, freedom, and faith, as well as praise for the virtues of hope, devotion, and sacrifice in the pursuit of liberty, all explored through visual, tactile, and kinesthetic imagery as these concepts relate to the flag, the human spirit, and the soil of the homeland. The original manuscript by Ersoy carries the dedication Kahraman Ordumuza – "To our Heroic Army", in reference to the people's army that ultimately won the Turkish War of Independence, with lyrics that reflect on the sacrifices of the soldiers during the war.It is regularly heard during state and military events, as well as during national festivals, bayrams, sporting events, and school ceremonies. Visual depictions can also be found adorning state or public displays, such as in the form of a scroll displaying the first two quatrains of the anthem on the reverse of the Turkish 100 lira banknotes of 1983–1989.
<Beverly_Hills,_California>	Beverly Hills is a city located in Los Angeles County, California. A notable and historic suburb of Greater Los Angeles, it is in a wealthy area immediately southwest of the Hollywood Hills, approximately 12.2 miles (19.6 km) northwest of downtown Los Angeles. Beverly Hills' land area totals to 5.71 square miles (14.8 km2), and along with the smaller city of West Hollywood in the east, is almost entirely surrounded by the city of Los Angeles. According to the 2020 census, the city has a population of 32,701; marking a decrease of 1,408 from the 2010 census count of 34,109.In American popular culture, Beverly Hills has been known primarily as an affluent, upscale location within Greater Los Angeles, which corresponds to higher property values and taxes in the area. Many different high-end shops and goods are displayed in the city, and can be observed in the Rodeo Drive shopping district; the district houses many different luxury and designer brands, such as Versace, Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Armani and Prada. Throughout its history, the city has found itself to be home to many celebrities and individuals of higher social status, such as various actors and business owners. Beverly Hills features many luxury hotels and resorts, such as the Beverly Hilton, due to numerous historical events, the L'Ermitage, an upscale hotel built in 1975 and the Beverly Hills Hotel, known for its seclusion and affiliation with high-profile Hollywood stars. The city has been portrayed as the central location in many different movies, television series, music and media, in the United States and internationally. Some generally well-known examples include the Beverly Hills Cop franchise, with a large portion of the Beverly Hills scenes being filmed within the city limits; Beverly Hills 90210, while containing the city's name in the title, was largely filmed outside of Beverly Hills, instead being shot in other locations such as Van Nuys and Torrance. In 2005, American rock band Weezer released a song titled "Beverly Hills" on their fifth studio album, Make Believe.
<Walter_Bright>	Walter G. Bright is an American computer programmer who created the D programming language, the Zortech C++ compiler, and the Empire computer game.Bright is the son of the United States Air Force pilot Charles D. Bright. He taught himself computer programming from the type-in programs in BASIC Computer Games.Bright graduated from Caltech in 1979 with a Bachelor of Science in aerospace engineering. While at university he wrote the Empire wargame for the PDP-10 mainframe, completing it in 1977.
<Edwin_Stanton>	Edwin McMasters Stanton (December 19, 1814 – December 24, 1869) was an American lawyer and politician who served as U.S. Secretary of War under the Lincoln Administration during most of the American Civil War. Stanton's management helped organize the massive military resources of the North and guide the Union to victory. However, he was criticized by many Union generals, who perceived him as overcautious and micromanaging. He also organized the manhunt for Abraham Lincoln's assassin, John Wilkes Booth.After Lincoln's assassination, Stanton remained as the Secretary of War under the new US president, Andrew Johnson, during the first years of Reconstruction. He opposed the lenient policies of Johnson towards the former Confederate States. Johnson's attempt to dismiss Stanton ultimately led to Johnson being impeached by the Radical Republicans in the House of Representatives. Stanton returned to law after he retired as Secretary of War. In 1869, he was nominated as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court by Johnson's successor, Ulysses S. Grant, but Stanton died four days after his nomination was confirmed by the Senate.
<Epyx>	Epyx, Inc. was a video game developer and publisher active in the late 1970s and 1980s. The company was founded as Automated Simulations by Jim Connelley and Jon Freeman, originally using Epyx as a brand name for action-oriented games before renaming the company to match in 1983. Epyx published a long series of games through the 1980s. The company is currently owned by Bridgestone Multimedia Group Global.In 1977, Susan Lee-Merrow invited Jon Freeman to join a Dungeons & Dragons game hosted by Jim Connelley and Jeff Johnson. Connelley later purchased a Commodore PET computer to help with the bookkeeping involved in being a dungeon master, and came up with the idea of writing a computer game for the machine before the end of the year so he could write it off on his taxes. Freeman had written on gaming for several publications, and joined Connelley in the design of a new space-themed wargame. Starting work around August 1978, Freeman wrote the basic rules, mission sets, background stories and the manual, while Connelley coded up the system in PET BASIC.The two formed Automated Simulations around Thanksgiving 1978 to market the game, and released it in December as Starfleet Orion. Examining contemporary magazines (Byte and Creative Computing) suggests this is the first commercial space-themed wargame for a personal computer. As the game was written in BASIC, it was easy to port to other home computers of the era, starting with the TRS-80 and then the Apple II, the latter featuring rudimentary graphics. They followed this game with 1979's Invasion Orion, which included a computer opponent so as not to require two human players.
<Miami_Beach,_Florida>	Miami Beach is a coastal resort city in Miami-Dade County, Florida. It was incorporated on March 26, 1915. The municipality is located on natural and man-made barrier islands between the Atlantic Ocean and Biscayne Bay, the latter of which separates the Beach from the mainland city of Miami. The neighborhood of South Beach, comprising the southernmost 2.5 sq mi (6.5 km2) of Miami Beach, along with Downtown Miami and the PortMiami, collectively form the commercial center of South Florida. Miami Beach's population is 82,890 according to the 2020 census. Miami Beach is the 26th largest city in Florida based on official 2019 estimates from the U.S. Census Bureau. It has been one of America's pre-eminent beach resorts since the early 20th century.In 1979, Miami Beach's Art Deco Historic District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The Art Deco District is the largest collection of Art Deco architecture in the world and comprises hundreds of hotels, apartments and other structures erected between 1923 and 1943. Mediterranean, Streamline Moderne and Art Deco are all represented in the District. 
<Franklin_Stahl>	Franklin (Frank) William Stahl (born October 8, 1929) is an American molecular biologist and geneticist. With Matthew Meselson, Stahl conducted the famous Meselson-Stahl experiment showing that DNA is replicated by a semiconservative mechanism, meaning that each strand of the DNA serves as a template for production of a new strand.He is Emeritus Professor of Biology at the University of Oregon's Institute of Molecular Biology in Eugene, Oregon.Stahl, like his two older sisters, graduated from the public schools of Needham, a Boston suburb. In 1951, he was awarded an AB degree in biology from Harvard College, and matriculated in the biology department of the University of Rochester. His interest in genetics was cemented in 1952 by his introduction to bacterial viruses (phages) in a course taught by A. H. (Gus) Doermann at the Cold Spring Harbor Biological Laboratory. In 1956, he received a PhD in biology for his work with Doermann on the genetics of T4 phage. In 1955, he undertook postdoctoral studies with Giuseppe Bertani (in the Phage group) at Caltech (Pasadena) with the aim of learning some bacterial genetics. He subsequently turned his attentions to collaborations with Charley Steinberg and Matt Meselson. With Steinberg, he undertook mathematical analyses of T4 growth, mutation, and genetic recombination. With Meselson, he studied DNA replication in Escherichia coli. That study produced strong support for the semiconservative model proposed by Jim Watson and Francis Crick.
<Cardiff>	Cardiff (/ˈkɑːrdɪf/; Welsh: Caerdydd [kairˈdiːð, kaːɨrˈdɨːð] (listen)) is the capital and largest city of Wales. It forms a principal area, officially known as the City and County of Cardiff (Welsh: Dinas a Sir Caerdydd), and the city is the eleventh-largest in the United Kingdom. Located in the south-east of Wales and in the Cardiff Capital Region, Cardiff is the county town of the historic county of Glamorgan and in 1974–1996 of South Glamorgan. It belongs to the Eurocities network of the largest European cities. A small town until the early 19th century, its prominence as a port for coal when mining began in the region helped its expansion. In 1905, it was ranked as a city and in 1955 proclaimed capital of Wales. Cardiff Built-up Area covers a larger area outside the county boundary, including the towns of Dinas Powys and Penarth.Cardiff is the main commercial centre of Wales as well as the base for the Senedd. At the 2021 census, the unitary authority area population was put at 362,400. The population of the wider urban area in 2011 was 479,000. In 2011, it ranked sixth in the world in a National Geographic magazine list of alternative tourist destinations. It is the most popular destination in Wales with 21.3 million visitors in 2017.
<The_Occult_Roots_of_Nazism>	The Occult Roots of Nazism: The Ariosophists of Austria and Germany, 1890–1935 is a book about Nazi occultism and Ariosophy by historian Nicholas Goodrick-Clarke, who traces some of its roots back to Esotericism in Germany and Austria between 1880 and 1945. The foreword is by Rohan Butler, who had written The Roots of National Socialism in the 1930s. The book is based on Goodrick-Clarke's 1982 Ph.D. thesis The ariosophists of Austria and Germany 1890-1935: Reactionary political fantasy in relation to social anxiety.This book has been continually in print since its first publication in 1985, and has been translated into twelve languages, including Spanish, French, Polish, Italian, Russian, Czech, German and Greek. It was republished as a paperback by New York University Press in 1992 (ISBN 0-8147-3060-4), and more recently republished by I.B. Tauris & Co Ltd (ISBN 1-86064-973-4).The German edition features a preface and an additional essay Nationalsozialismus und Okkultismus (National Socialism and Occultism) (15 pages) by H.T. Hakl.
<Samuel_Hoffenstein>	Samuel "Sam" Hoffenstein (8 October 1890 - 6 October 1947) was a screenwriter and a musical composer. Born in Russia, he emigrated to the United States and began a career in New York City as a newspaper writer and in the entertainment business. In 1931 he moved to Los Angeles, where he lived for the rest of his life and wrote the scripts for over thirty movies. These movies included Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (1931), The Miracle Man (1932), Phantom of the Opera (1943), The Wizard of Oz (1939), Tales of Manhattan (1942), Flesh and Fantasy (1943), Laura (1944), and Ernst Lubitsch's Cluny Brown (1946).In addition, Hoffenstein, along with Cole Porter and Kenneth Webb, helped compose the musical score for Gay Divorce (1933), the stage musical that became the film The Gay Divorcee (1934).He died in Los Angeles, California. A book of his verse, Pencil in the Air, was published three days after his death to critical acclaim. Another book of his work was published in 1928, titled Poems in Praise of Practically Nothing. The book contained some of his work that had been formerly published in the New York World, the New York Tribune, Vanity Fair, the D. A. C. News, and Snappy Stories.
<John_S._Norris>	John S. Norris (1804 – July 25, 1876) was an American architect.He was born and raised in New York City, where he began his career as a mason. He advanced to being a builder and eventually listed himself in the telephone directory as an architect.He went to Wilmington, North Carolina, in 1839, where he first supervised construction, and then received his first independent commission to design the Wilmington Custom House in 1843. While working on that commission, he was asked to design the Savannah Custom House in Savannah, Georgia, which was built from 1848 to 1852.  This led to numerous commissions in Savannah, including the Andrew Low House, the Mercer House, Massie Common School House and the Green-Meldrim House.  Norris also designed the Unitarian Church, which was originally built in 1853 on Oglethorpe Square; this church was designed for free people of color. The church has since been moved to Troup Square, where it is now The Unitarian Universalist Church of Savannah. Norris also designed light houses for the Savannah River and Cockspur Island.
<Nancy_Olson>	Nancy Ann Olson (born July 14, 1928) is an American actress. She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role in Sunset Boulevard (1950). She co-starred with William Holden in four films, and later appeared in The Absent-Minded Professor (1961) and its sequel, Son of Flubber (1963), as well as the disaster film Airport 1975 (1974). Olson  retired from acting in the mid-1980s, although she has made a few rare returns, most recently in 2014.Olson was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin on July 14, 1928, the daughter of Evelyn Bertha (née Bergstrom), who was of Swedish descent, and Henry John Olson, who was a physician.[citation needed] She has a brother, David.Olson was signed to a film contract by Paramount Pictures in 1948, and, after a few supporting roles, producers began to consider her for more prominent parts. She was up for the role of Delilah in Cecil B. DeMille's film Samson and Delilah (1949), for which Olson later said she was not suited. She was passed over in favor of Hedy Lamarr. Her first big role came in Canadian Pacific (also 1949) with Randolph Scott, then Billy Wilder cast her for his upcoming project. In Sunset Boulevard (1950), she played Betty Schaefer, for which she gained an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress. Her pairing with William Holden was considered a success, and she appeared with him in three other films (Union Station, Force of Arms, and Submarine Command, the second and third released the following year), but none repeated their success in Sunset Boulevard. Other film credits include Big Jim McLain (1952), So Big (1953), Battle Cry (1955), and Dumbbells (2014).
<Kidsongs>	Kidsongs is an American children's media franchise that includes Kidsongs Music Video Stories on DVD and video, The Kidsongs TV Show, CDs of favorite children's songs, song books, sheet music, toys and an ecommerce website. It was created by producer/writer Carol Rosenstein and director Bruce Gowers of Together Again Video Productions (TAVP), both of whom are music video and television production veterans. The duo had produced and directed over 100 music videos for Warner Bros. Records (WBR) and took their idea of music videos for children to the record label. Warner Brothers funded the first video, "A Day at Old MacDonald's Farm". Shortly thereafter, a three-way partnership between TAVP, WBR and View-Master Video was formed with TAVP being responsible for production and WBR and View-Master responsible for distribution to video and music stores, and toy stores respectively.The home video series was launched with four Kidsongs Music Video Stories episodes at New York's Toy Fair on January 1, 1985. "A Day at Old MacDonald's Farm" was one of those first four and has sold over 4 million copies and won the Vira Award. Each half-hour Music Video Stories episode features 10 to 15 songs, in a music video style production starring children. They sing and dance their way through well-known children's songs, nursery rhymes, and covers of pop hits from the '50s, '60s and '70s— as well as Mitch Miller, Boxcar Willie, and Riders in the Sky songs all tied together by a simple story and theme.The TAVP/WBR/View-Master Video (Viewmaster was acquired by Tyco Toys in 1989–95) partnership produced 16 Kidsongs episodes of the Music Video Stories. In 1995, WBR and TAVP bought out Tyco's distribution rights and produced three more View-Master videos called "Country Sing-Along", Billy Biggle's Favorite Songs and "Boppin' with the Biggles" in 1994, and two KidVision videos called "Let's Put on a Show" & "Baby Animal Songs" in 1995, as part of a new venture with another division of Warner Bros.--Warner Vision. In 1997, TAVP acquired all rights from WBR/Warner Vision and became the sole owner of all Kidsongs properties.
<Emily_McLaughlin>	Emily McLaughlin (December 1, 1928 – April 26, 1991) was an American actress, known for her long-standing role as original character Nurse Jessie Brewer on the daytime soap opera General Hospital from 1963 until 1991.McLaughlin was born in White Plains, New York, where her father, Frederick C. McLaughlin, was mayor. She was educated at Middlebury College and after studying drama began performing in Broadway and off-Broadway productions.
<Earl_Babbie>	Distinguished Visiting Professor, at California State UniversityEarl Robert Babbie (born January 8, 1938), is an American sociologist who holds the position of Campbell Professor Emeritus in Behavioral Sciences at Chapman University. He is best known for his book The Practice of Social Research (first published in 1975), currently in its 15th English edition, with numerous non-English editions.Earl Babbie was born in Detroit, Michigan, and grew up in Vermont and New Hampshire. In 1956, at the age of eighteen, he moved to Harvard Yard to attend Harvard College on a Naval Reserve Officer Training Corps scholarship where he graduated in 1960 with a B.A. in Social relations.
<Journey_to_the_End_of_the_Night>	Journey to the End of the Night (French: Voyage au bout de la nuit, 1932) is the first novel by Louis-Ferdinand Céline. This semi-autobiographical work follows the adventures of Ferdinand Bardamu in the World War I, colonial Africa, the United States and the poor suburbs of Paris where he works as a doctor.The novel won the Prix Renaudot in 1932 but divided critics due to the author's pessimistic depiction of the human condition and his innovative writing style based on working class speech, slang and neologisms. It is now widely considered to be one of the greatest novels of the twentieth century.
<Gerald_Allen_(politician)>	Gerald H. Allen (born February 8, 1950) is a Republican lawmaker in the Alabama Senate. He previously served in the Alabama House of Representatives.George H. Allen was born on February 8, 1950, in Tuscaloosa, Alabama.
<Zoltán_Stieber>	Zoltán Stieber (Hungarian pronunciation: [ˈzoltaːn ˈʃtiːbɛr]; born 16 October 1988) is a Hungarian professional footballer who plays as a winger or attacking midfielder for Újpest. Having spent time in a number of Hungarian youth sides Stieber spent four years with the academy of Premier League side Aston Villa before moving to Germany where he worked his way up the league system. He became a regular international player for the Hungary national team including in their Euro 2016 finals squad.Stieber initially played for Budapest-based Goldball '94 alongside younger brother András, before moving to Hungarian giants Újpest. After impressing for the capital side, he was offered trials with a selection of English clubs.  He had an unsuccessful trials with Arsenal and Manchester United prior to signing a youth contract with Aston Villa where he played for four years.
<Theodore_Freeman>	Theodore Cordy "Ted" Freeman (February 18, 1930 – October 31, 1964), was an American aeronautical engineer, U.S. Air Force officer, test pilot, and NASA astronaut. Selected in the third group of NASA astronauts in 1963, he was killed a year later in the crash of a T-38 jet, marking the first fatality among the NASA Astronaut Corps. At the time of his death, he held the rank of captain.
<Kelly_Preston>	Kelly Kamalelehua Smith (October 13, 1962 – July 12, 2020), known professionally as Kelly Preston, was an American actress. She appeared in more than 60 television and film productions, including Mischief (1985), Twins (1988), Jerry Maguire (1996), and For Love of the Game (1999). She married John Travolta in 1991, with whom she collaborated on the comedy film The Experts (1989) and the biographical film Gotti (2018). She also starred in the films SpaceCamp (1986), The Cat in the Hat (2003), What a Girl Wants (2003), Sky High (2005), and Old Dogs (2009).
<Gothic_(series)>	Gothic is an action role-playing game franchise created by German developer Piranha Bytes and since May 2019 owned by THQ Nordic.The latest installment in the main series, Gothic 3, was published in 2006 by JoWooD Entertainment. A spin-off, Arcania: Gothic 4, was developed by Spellbound Entertainment and published by JoWooD Entertainment in 2010.
<Shane_Claiborne>	Shane Claiborne (born July 11, 1975) is a Christian activist and author who is a leading figure in the New Monasticism movement and one of the founding members of the non-profit organization, The Simple Way, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Claiborne is also a social activist, advocating for nonviolence and service to the poor. He is the author of the book,  The Irresistible Revolution: Living as an Ordinary Radical.Claiborne grew up in east Tennessee. His father, who was a Vietnam War veteran, died when Shane was 9 years old. A graduate of Eastern University, where he studied sociology and youth ministry, Claiborne did his final academic work for Eastern University at Wheaton College in Illinois. While at Wheaton, Claiborne did an internship at Willow Creek Community Church. He has done some graduate work at Princeton Theological Seminary, but took a leave of absence, and now is a part of The Alternative Seminary in Philadelphia.
<St._Frances_of_Rome's_Church_(Bronx,_New_York)>	The Church of St. Frances of Rome is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York, located at 4307 Barnes Avenue Bronx, New York City. The parish was established in 1898.The architect for the 1967 church was Paul W. Reilly.Its name honors St. Frances of Rome.
<Basil_Rathbone>	Philip St. John Basil Rathbone MC (13 June 1892 – 21 July 1967) was a South African-born English actor. He rose to prominence in the United Kingdom as a Shakespearean stage actor and went on to appear in more than 70 films, primarily costume dramas, swashbucklers, and, occasionally, horror films.Rathbone frequently portrayed suave villains or morally ambiguous characters, such as Mr. Murdstone in David Copperfield (1935), Tybalt in Romeo and Juliet (1936) and Sir Guy of Gisbourne in The Adventures of Robin Hood (1938). His most famous role was that of Sherlock Holmes in fourteen Hollywood films made between 1939 and 1946 and in a radio series. His later career included roles on Broadway, as well as self-ironic film and television work. He received a Tony Award in 1948 as Best Actor in a Play. He was also nominated for two Academy Awards and was honoured with three stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
<Susan_Norris_Fitkin>	Susan Norris Fitkin (March 31, 1870 – October 18, 1951) was a Canadian ordained minister, who served successively in the Society of Friends, the Association of Pentecostal Churches of America, and finally in the Church of the Nazarene. Fitkin was the founder and first president of the Church of the Nazarene's Women's Foreign Missionary Society (now Nazarene Missions International) from September 1915 until her retirement in June 1948. Fitkin served twenty-four years on the General Board of the Church of the Nazarene. In 1924 Fitkin and her husband Abram Fitkin funded and founded the Fitkin Memorial Hospital in Manzini, Swaziland, and also funded and founded Nazarene Bible Training Schools in China, and Beirut, Lebanon.Susanah W. "Susie" Norris was born March 31, 1870 on a farm in Ely, Quebec, Canada, the fourth oldest of the nine children of John Norris (born June 25, 1835 in Russelltown, Châteauguay, Quebec, Canada East; died December 20, 1887 in East Farnham, Quebec, Canada), a farmer and the foreman of a lumber camp, and his wife, Susannah Townsend Hall (born March 16, 1834 in East Farnham, Quebec, Canada East; died March 28, 1918 in Cliftondale, Massachusetts). John Norris and Susannah Hall were married on April 10, 1855 in Farnham East. Her siblings were George Miron Norris (born July 1, 1859 in East Farnham, Quebec), Hannah Norris (born August 8, 1861 in Sainte-Cécile-de-Milton, Quebec; died August 23, 1897 in Shefford, Quebec), Annie Louise Norris (born May 2, 1865 in Sainte-Cécile-de-Milton, Quebec), Jane "Janie" May Norris (born March 4, 1872 in Sainte-Cécile-de-Milton, Quebec), John Milton "Johnny" Norris (born November 15, 1873 in Sainte-Cécile-de-Milton, Quebec), Emma Norris (born April 11, 1875 in Quebec, Canada), Charles Newel Norris (born January 29, 1877 in Sainte-Cécile-de-Milton, Quebec), Alice "Nellie" Norris (born June 15, 1880 in Sainte-Cécile-de-Milton, Quebec).By the time of the first Canadian census in April 1871, the Norris family had been living on a farm in Sainte-Cécile-de-Milton, Quebec for about eleven years, with John described as a Methodist farmer, while Susannah and their four children (including one-year-old "Suza") were described as Episcopalians. Later Norris' parents were members of the Society of Friends, who were active in the temperance reform movement. Her mother served once as a delegate to the Woman's Christian Temperance Union convention in Ottawa.
<Eurocom>	Eurocom (formerly Eurocom Entertainment Software) was a British video game developer founded in October 1988 by Mat Sneap, Chris Shrigley, Hugh Binns, Tim Rogers and Neil Baldwin, to specifically develop games for the Nintendo Entertainment System. Eurocom expanded to several other platforms, including handheld game systems and most major video game consoles. The company was known for its arcade to console ports and games based on licensed properties. They also developed a few original properties, such as Magician, Machine Hunter, 40 Winks, and Sphinx and the Cursed Mummy.On 23 November 2012, Eurocom laid off around 75% of their 200 employees. On 6 December 2012, the company laid off its remaining staff and ceased operations.
<Patrick_Holt>	Patrick Holt (31 January 1912 – 12 October 1993) was an English film and television actor.Born Patrick G. Parsons in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, Holt spent some of his childhood in India with his uncle, after which he was sent to Christ's Hospital, a famous charity school in Britain. Here he formed a close friendship with a boy in the same boarding house, the future film star Michael Wilding.He started his acting career in repertory theatres, and in 1939, landed a leading part on the London stage, but when the Second World War broke out he joined the army. His army service saw him in Burma, Singapore and India, often on secret missions behind enemy lines, and he rose to the rank of lieutenant colonel.
<Tadateru_Konoe>	Tadateru Konoe (近衛 忠煇, Konoe Tadateru, born 8 May 1939) is the former president of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC).Tadateru Konoe is the 50th Head of the Konoe family. President of Japanese Red Cross Society since 2005, Tadateru Konoe has dedicated his entire professional career to domestic and international Red Cross Red Crescent activities. In 2009 and again in 2013, Konoe was elected President of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies. He was replaced as President of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) by Francesco Rocca on 6 November 2017.He was born with the name Moriteru Hosokawa (細川 護煇, Hosokawa Moriteru) and his paternal ancestry can be traced back to the Japanese Imperial Family since the Hosokawa clan is a branch of Seiwa Genji, a branch of the Minamoto clan. His mother, Yoshiko (温子), was the second daughter of Fumimaro Konoe. As his maternal uncle Fumitaka Konoe (近衛文隆, Konoe Fumitaka) died childless in the Soviet Union in 1956 as a prisoner of war, Tadateru became the heir of his maternal grandfather and used his family name Konoe (近衛) instead.
<Social_Democracy_of_the_Republic_of_Poland>	Social Democracy of the Republic of Poland (SdRP)  (Polish: Socjaldemokracja Rzeczypospolitej Polskiej, SdRP) was a social-democratic political party in Poland created in 1990, shortly after the Revolutions of 1989. The party was the main party of the successor parties to the Polish United Workers Party (PZPR).Among the creators and leading figures of SdRP were the former Polish president Aleksander Kwaśniewski, former speaker of the Sejm Józef Oleksy and former Prime Minister Leszek Miller.On 15 April 1999, the SdRP was folded into the Democratic Left Alliance.
<In_Watermelon_Sugar>	In Watermelon Sugar is an American postmodern post-apocalyptic novel by Richard Brautigan written in 1964 and published in 1968.Set in the aftermath of a fallen civilization, it focuses on a commune organized around a central gathering house which is named "iDEATH". In this environment, many things are made of watermelon sugar (though the inhabitants also use pine wood and stone for building material and fuel made from trout oil). The landscape of the novel is constantly in flux; each day of the week has a different colored sun which creates different colored watermelons, and the central building also changes frequently. The novel's narrator, who is left unnamed, claims to be writing an investigative book on his experiences at iDEATH. Its first-person narrative is sparse and minimalist, granting the novel a detached and alien quality.Through the narrator's first-person account we learn the story of the people and the events of iDEATH. The central tension is created by Margaret, once a lover of the narrator, and inBOIL, a rebellious man who has left iDEATH to live near a forbidden area called the Forgotten Works, a huge trash heap where the remnants of a former civilization lie abandoned in great piles. Margaret, a collector of such "forgotten things", is friendly with inBOIL and his followers, who explore the place and make whiskey.
<Modern_Woodmen_Park>	Modern Woodmen Park (known previously as John O'Donnell Stadium and Municipal Stadium) is a minor league baseball venue located in Davenport, Iowa. It is home to the Quad Cities River Bandits, the Midwest League affiliate of the Kansas City Royals. Since 1987,  St. Ambrose University plays all of its home baseball games there as well. Located on the banks of the Mississippi River, in the shadow of the Centennial Bridge, home run balls to right field often land in the river.As night games became more necessary, Davenport teams were playing at the Mississippi Valley Fairgrounds, without lights. The city of Davenport realized a lighted stadium,  downtown, on the riverfront, would be ideal. Proposed by the Davenport Levee Commission, Municipal Stadium opened May 26, 1931, within LeClaire Park. The ballpark was built at a cost of $185,000. The first night game was June 4, 1931.
<Albany,_New_York>	Albany (/ˈɔːlbəni/ (listen) AWL-bən-ee) is the capital of the U.S. state of New York, also the seat and largest city of Albany County. Albany is on the west bank of the Hudson River, about 10 miles (16 km) south of its confluence with the Mohawk River, and about 135 miles (220 km) north of New York City.The city is known for its architecture, commerce, culture, institutions of higher education, and rich history. It is the economic and cultural core of the Capital District of the State of New York, which comprises the Albany–Schenectady–Troy Metropolitan Statistical Area, including the nearby cities and suburbs of Troy, Schenectady, and Saratoga Springs. With an estimated population of 1.1 million in 2013, the Capital District is the third most populous metropolitan region in the state. As of 2020, Albany's population was 99,224.
<Andrew_Strominger>	Andrew Eben Strominger (/ˈstrɑːmɪndʒər/; born 1955) is an American theoretical physicist who is the director of Harvard's Center for the Fundamental Laws of Nature. He has made significant contributions to quantum gravity and string theory. These include his work on Calabi–Yau compactification and topology change in string theory, and on the stringy origin of black hole entropy. He is a senior fellow at the Society of Fellows, and is the Gwill E. York Professor of Physics.Strominger received his bachelor's degree at Harvard College in 1977 and his master's degree at the University of California, Berkeley. He then received his PhD at MIT in 1982 under the supervision of Roman Jackiw. Prior to joining Harvard as a professor in 1997, he held a faculty position at the University of California, Santa Barbara. He is the author of over 200 publications.In recognition of his accomplishments, Strominger has been awarded numerous prizes, fellowships, and honorary professorships. These include the Klein Medal from the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences, the 2008 Eisenbud Prize from the American Mathematical Society, the 2014 Dirac Medal from the Abdus Salam International Centre for Theoretical Physics, which he received for his contributions to the origin, development, and further understanding of string theory, and the 2017 Fundamental Physics Breakthrough Prize. Furthermore, he received the Physics Frontiers Breakthrough Prize from the Milner Foundation along with colleague Cumrun Vafa in 2014. This award was bestowed upon the pair in honor of their "numerous deep and groundbreaking contributions to quantum field theory, quantum gravity, string theory and geometry." The Foundation also recognized their "joint statistical derivation of the Bekenstein–Hawking area–entropy relation unified the laws of thermodynamics with the laws of black hole dynamics and revealed the holographic nature of quantum spacetime." In 2020, he received a Guggenheim Fellowship.
<Newton,_Massachusetts>	Newton is a city in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States. It is approximately 7 miles (11 km) west of downtown Boston.  Newton resembles a patchwork of thirteen villages, without a city center. According to the 2020 U.S. Census, the population of Newton was 88,923.Newton was settled in 1630 as part of "the newe towne", which was renamed Cambridge in 1638. Roxbury minister John Eliot persuaded the Native American people of Nonantum, a sub-tribe of the Massachusett led by a sachem named Waban, to relocate to Natick in 1651, fearing that they would be exploited by colonists. Newton was incorporated as a separate town, known as Cambridge Village, on December 15, 1681, then renamed Newtown in 1691, and finally Newton in 1766. It became a city on January 5, 1874. Newton is known as The Garden City.
<Sainsbury's>	Coordinates: 51°31′02″N 0°06′30″W﻿ / ﻿51.51722°N 0.10833°W﻿ / 51.51722; -0.10833J Sainsbury plc, trading as Sainsbury's, is the second largest chain of supermarkets in the United Kingdom, with a 14.6% share of UK supermarket sales.Founded in 1869 by John James Sainsbury with a shop in Drury Lane, London, the company was the largest UK retailer of groceries for most of the 20th century. In 1995, Tesco became the market leader when it overtook Sainsbury's, which has since been ranked second or third: it was overtaken by Asda from 2003 to 2014, and again in 2019. In 2018, a planned merger with Asda was blocked by the Competition and Markets Authority over concerns of increased prices for consumers.
<Z_Nation>	Z Nation is an American horror television series that aired on Syfy, created by Karl Schaefer and Craig Engler, and was produced by The Asylum. The first season of 13 episodes premiered on September 12, 2014. Z Nation was filmed in the Spokane, Washington area.On June 16, 2016, Syfy announced that Z Nation's third season would be preceded by a TV movie, set prior to the climax of season 2 and introducing central characters for the third season. However, the movie was instead presented as the first two episodes of the season, the two-part "No Mercy".
<Gaelco>	Gabinete Electrónico Consultivo, S.A. (which translates to Electronic Consultative Cabinet), but is trademarked and better known as Gaelco, S.A., is a Spanish company that develops and publishes arcade games and video games. As of 2007, Gaelco develops electronic dart machines under the name of "Gaelco Darts".In May 2021 it was announced that a compilation cartridge named "Gaelco Arcade 1" would be released for Evercade featuring Alligator Hunt, Biomechanical Toy, Glass, Snow Board Championship, Thunder Hoop and World Rally.
<Omar_Faiek_Shennib>	Sir Omar Faiek Shennib (Omar Fayek Shennib, Omar Shannib, Omar Shannaib) (Arabic: عمر فائق شنيب) was Libyan Minister of Defence, Chief of the Royal Diwan, Vice President of the Libyan National Assembly  under the reign of King Idris Al Senussi. Omar Faiek Shennib was the patriarch of the House of Shennib, one of Libya's most prominent noble families.  The family has included notable public figures: heads of state, ministers, authors and diplomats. Omar Faiek Shennib Avenue in Derna was named after Shennib posthumously.Sir Shennib served as President of the Cyrenaican delegation to the United Nations in the post-war period and was instrumental in the creation of a unified Libyan state in the years immediately following World War II following the withdrawal of Axis forces from the North African coast. Together with Idris, Shennib was part of the 1941 delegation to the UN which put forth the case for the unification of the three traditional free standing regions, Cyrenaica, Tripolitania and Fezzan into the single nation state of Libya. Following independence on 24 December 1951, he was appointed Chief of the Royal Diwans Omar Faiek Shennib is credited for the design of the independence Flag of Libya: this flag represented Libya from its independence until 1951 to 1969, and which was re-adopted by the rebel movement during the 2011 Libyan Civil War. According to the memoirs of Adrian Pelt, UN commissioner for Libya (1949 to 1951), “during deliberations of the Libyan National Constitutional Convention, a paper drawing of a proposed national flag was presented to the convention by Omar Faiek Shennib (distinguished member of the delegation from Cyrenaica). The design was composed of three colors; red, black and green, with a white Crescent and Star centered in the middle black stripe. Mr. Shennib informed the delegates that this design had met the approval of His Highness Emir of Cyrenaica, King Idris Al Senussi (later to become King of Libya). The assembly subsequently approved that design.”.
<Freddy_Adu>	Fredua "Freddy" Koranteng Adu (born June 2, 1989) is an American professional soccer player who played as an attacking midfielder. The last club he played for was Ettan Fotboll club Österlen FF.From before the time of his signing with D.C. United at the age of 14, Adu was spoken of as "the next Pelé". However, he failed to live up to the expectations and, after leaving D.C. United in 2006, he became a journeyman, playing for fifteen teams in nine countries: the United States, Portugal, Monaco, Greece, Turkey, Brazil, Serbia, Finland, and Sweden.
<Limerick>	Limerick (/ˈlɪmərɪk/ LIM-ər-ik; Irish: Luimneach [ˈl̪ˠɪmʲ(ə)nʲəx]) is a western city in Ireland situated within County Limerick. It is in the province of Munster and is located in the Mid-West which comprises part of the Southern Region. With a population of 94,192 at the 2016 census, Limerick is the third-most populous urban area in the state, and the fourth-most populous city on the island of Ireland at the 2011 census. The city lies on the River Shannon, with the historic core of the city located on King's Island, which is bounded by the Shannon and Abbey Rivers. Limerick is also located at the head of the Shannon Estuary, where the river widens before it flows into the Atlantic Ocean. Limerick City and County Council is the local authority for the city.At the 2016 census, the Metropolitan District of Limerick had a population of 104,952. On 1 June 2014 following the merger of Limerick City and County Council, a new Metropolitan District of Limerick was formed within the united council, which extended the city area. The Metropolitan District includes the city urban area and extends outwards towards Patrickswell in the west and Castleconnell in the east. The City Metropolitan Area however excludes city suburbs located within County Clare.Limerick is located on the River Shannon with four main river-crossing points near the city centre. To the south of the city is the Golden Vale, an area of rich pastureland. Historically, much of the city's industry was based on this agricultural hinterland.[citation needed]
<Bruce_Weber_(basketball)>	Bruce Brett Weber (born October 19, 1956) is the former men's basketball head coach at Kansas State University. Prior to his tenure at Kansas State, Weber was the head coach at Southern Illinois University and the University of Illinois.Weber won conference championships and conference coach of the year awards at each of the three schools where he served as head coach.  He guided his teams to a combined total of 13 NCAA tournaments in 24 seasons, including an appearance with Illinois in the championship game of the 2005 NCAA tournament. Weber was the consensus national coach of the year in 2005.Weber began his coaching career with a brief stint as a graduate assistant coach at Western Kentucky University during the 1979–80 season under head coach Gene Keady. In 1980, Weber moved to Purdue University along with Keady. He remained an assistant coach at Purdue for 18 seasons before becoming the head coach at Southern Illinois University in 1998.
<Madeline>	Madeline is a media franchise that originated as a series of children's books written and illustrated by Ludwig Bemelmans, an Austrian-American author. The books have been adapted into numerous formats, spawning telefilms, television series and a live action feature film. As a closing line, the adaptations invoke a famous phrase Ethel Barrymore used to rebuff curtain calls, "That's all there is, there isn't any more." The stories take place in a Catholic boarding school in Paris. The teacher, a nun named Miss Clavel, is strict but loves the children, cares for them, and is open to their ideas.Much of the media starts with the line "In an old house in Paris that was covered in vines, lived twelve little girls in two straight lines ..." The stories often are written entirely in rhyme, include simple themes of daily life, and the playful but harmless mischief of Madeline, which appeal to children and parents alike. Most of the books have several recurring themes, such as Miss Clavel turning on the light and saying: "Something is not right."Madeline was written by Ludwig Bemelmans and published in 1939. Bemelmans wrote five sequels between 1953 and 1961. Later books in the series were written by Bemelmans' grandson John Bemelmans Marciano. The books focus on 12 girls in a Catholic boarding school in Paris. Madeline is the smallest of the girls, only seven years old and the only girl with red hair. She is the bravest and most outgoing of the girls. The images seem classical and show scenery and landmarks of the location where the story takes place such as the Eiffel Tower and the Seine River.
<Virgin_Oceanic>	Virgin Oceanic (originally Virgin Aquatic) is an undersea leisure venture of Newport Beach, CA businessman Chris Welsh and Sir Richard Branson, part of Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Group. The brand was first reported in a 2009 Time Magazine interview. The flagship service provided by Virgin Oceanic was intended to take visitors to the deepest parts of the ocean; however, as of late 2014, the project has been put on hold until more suitable technologies are developed.The company is offering a shallow water "wet" submersible, Graham Hawkes's Hawkes Ocean Technologies Deep Flight Merlin named Necker Nymph after Branson's private island in the British Virgin Islands, Virgin Limited Edition Necker Island. The Necker Nymph uses the Necker Belle as its mothership.The shallow dive program utilizes the scuba-sub Necker Nymph, a HOT DeepFlight Merlin. It is a three-place sub, with two passengers and one dive pilot. All three are required to wear scuba gear.
<The_Parent_'Hood>	The Parent 'Hood is an American sitcom television series that aired on The WB from January 18, 1995, to July 25, 1999. The series starred Robert Townsend and Suzzanne Douglas. Originally to be titled Father Knows Nothing (a parody of the title of the 1950s sitcom Father Knows Best), the series was one of the four sitcoms that aired as part of the original Wednesday-night two-hour lineup that helped launch The WB network (along with The Wayans Bros., Unhappily Ever After, and the short-lived Muscle).On November 1, 2021, The Parent 'Hood had several episodes available to stream on HBO Max.
<New_York_Yankees>	The New York Yankees are an American professional baseball team based in the New York City borough of the Bronx. The Yankees compete in Major League Baseball (MLB) as a member club of the American League (AL) East division. They are one of two major league clubs based in New York City, the other is the National League (NL)'s New York Mets. The team was founded in 1903 when Frank Farrell and Bill Devery purchased the franchise rights to the defunct Baltimore Orioles (no relation to the current team of the same name) after it ceased operations and used them to establish the New York Highlanders. The Highlanders were officially renamed the New York Yankees in 1913.The team is owned by Yankee Global Enterprises, a limited liability company that is controlled by the family of the late George Steinbrenner, who purchased the team in 1973. Brian Cashman is the team's general manager, and Aaron Boone is the team's field manager. The team's home games were played at the original Yankee Stadium in the Bronx from 1923 to 1973 and from 1976 to 2008. In 1974 and 1975, the Yankees shared Shea Stadium with the Mets, in addition to the New York Jets and the New York Giants. In 2009, they moved into a new ballpark of the same name that was constructed adjacent to the previous facility, which was closed and demolished. The team is perennially among the leaders in MLB attendance.
<Force_Majeure_(tour)>	Force Majeure is the title of a stand-up comedy tour by Eddie Izzard that began in Austria in March 2013. It continued through the UK, Ireland, Russia, South Africa, Canada, Spain, and the United States through the summer of 2014.The tour was resumed as Force Majeure Reloaded in 2016. During this tour, Izzard delivered a number of performances completely in a language other than her native English, namely French, German, and Spanish. For a series of U.K. performances in May and June 2016 entitled "Force Majeure 3:3:3", each night she in fact performed three separate shows in three languages (German, French, and English, respectively) over three continuous one-hour time slots.
<GMA_Network_(company)>	GMA Network, Inc., commonly known as GMA, is a Philippine media company based in Diliman, Quezon City, Philippines. It is primarily involved in radio and television broadcasting, with subsidiaries dealing in various media related businesses. The majority of its profits are derived from publicity and marketing incomes associated to television distribution. GMA is the largest media company in the Philippines in terms of market capitalization, net income, revenue, reach, audience share and number of stations.Founded on June 14, 1950, it currently owns and operates two national television networks (GMA Network and GTV), three digital television channels (Heart of Asia, Hallypop, and I Heart Movies), two national radio stations (Super Radyo DZBB 594 kHz and Barangay LS 97.1), two regional radio networks (Super Radyo and Barangay FM), and one regional tv network,  It also operates three international channels (GMA Pinoy TV, GMA Life TV and GMA News TV International), along with subsidiaries dealing in film production and distribution (GMA Pictures), music production and publishing (GMA Music), talent development and management (Sparkle GMA Artist Center), digital terrestrial television providers (GMA Affordabox and GMA Now) and a number of Internet and digital converging technology (GMA New Media) in the Philippines. The company is a publicly traded company on the Philippine Stock Exchange.
<Animesh_Aich>	Animesh Aich (born 8 February) is a Bangladeshi film maker, actor, director and writer. He won the Bangladesh National Film Award for Best Art Direction for the film Guerrilla (2011). As of 2019, he directed three films and several television dramas.Aich studied sculpting at Faculty of Fine Arts, University of Dhaka.Aich joined an advertising company as a copy writer. Aich and some other contemporary directors such as Mostofa Sarwar Farooki, Tarek Shahriar, Nurul Alam Atique were involved with Jolchobi. Later he joined as an associate director in Cycle er Dana. He debuted in directing through a television drama named Kufa in 2002. In 2004, he directed another television drama, Chor Eshe Bhul Korechilo.
<Kay_Ryan>	Kay Ryan (born September 21, 1945) is an American poet and educator. She has published seven volumes of poetry and an anthology of selected and new poems. From 2008 to 2010 she was the sixteenth United States Poet Laureate. In 2011 she was named a MacArthur Fellow and she won the Pulitzer Prize.Ryan was born in San Jose, California, and was raised in several areas of the San Joaquin Valley and the Mojave Desert. After attending Antelope Valley College, she received bachelor's and master's degrees in English from University of California, Los Angeles. Since 1971, she has lived in Marin County, California, and has taught English part-time at the College of Marin in Kentfield. Carol Adair, who was also an instructor at the College of Marin, was Ryan's partner from 1978 until Adair's death in 2009.
<El_Colegio_de_México>	El Colegio de México, A.C. (commonly known as Colmex, English: The College of Mexico) is a Mexican institute of higher education, specializing in teaching and research in social sciences and humanities.The college was founded in 1940 by the Mexican Federal Government, the Bank of Mexico (Banco de México), the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM), and the Fondo de Cultura Económica. In the late 1930s, following the end of the Spanish Civil War, Mexican president Lázaro Cardenas created the House of Spain in Mexico (1938–1940) to host Spanish intellectuals in exile in Mexico; Mexico was the only country that in 1939 welcomed Spanish refugees. Under the direction of intellectual Alfonso Reyes, the House of Spain became a higher education center, and was renamed El Colegio de México in 1940. The College now operates under a 1961 charter that allows the institution to provide college-level teaching in the fields of humanistic knowledge and social and political sciences. In 1976, the university's campus was moved from the Colonia Roma (a historic neighborhood just west of the city's center) to its current location in the southern portion of the capital; the main building of the campus was designed by the Mexican architect Teodoro González de León. The college contains seven separate academic centers collectively offering three undergraduate degrees, seven master's degrees and eight doctoral degrees.El Colegio de México received the Prince of Asturias Award for Social Sciences in 2001. Colmex's library (Biblioteca Daniel Cosío Villegas), one of the largest academic libraries in Mexico, contains one of the most important Latin American collections in the fields of the social sciences and humanities.
<Skiptvet_Church>	Skiptvet Church (Norwegian: Skiptvet kirke) is a medieval stone church dedicated to the Virgin Mary in Skiptvet in Viken county, Norway. Supposedly built in the second half of the 12th century (the date is not documented), it stands on a ridge west of the Glomma River. The church belongs to the Church of Norway and is part of the Deanery of Vestre Borgesyssel in the Diocese of Borg.The original church burned in 1762 and parts of it were rebuilt. None of the original furnishings remain. The current altarpiece portraying the Eucharist was painted by Albert Lobech in 1768 and was kept by the Norwegian Museum of Cultural History until 1937, when the church was restored by Harald Sund. The baptismal font is made of wood and was created by Harald Sund and Helge Amundsen. There is a cemetery next to the church.The church has a rectangular nave and a slightly narrower squared-off chancel. It originally had a bell tower to the west that was torn down. The base of the tower remains with a gabled roof, and the church has a ridge turret. The east gable of the tower is masonry up to the ridge, but the gables of the nave are made of wood. The church has a wooden narthex west of tower base, and a wooden sacristy east of the chancel.
<Edison_Lobão_Filho>	Edison Lobão Filho (born September 17, 1964) is a Brazilian politician and businessman. He represented Maranhão in the Federal Senate from 2011 to 2015. He is a member of the PMDB.Graduated in Civil Engineering from the University of Brasilia and Economics from UniCEUB, he is the son and first substitute of Senator Edison Lobão and Federal Representative Nice Lobão. He assumed the vacancy in the Federal Senate temporarily from January 30, 2008, after his father was licensed to take over the Ministry of Mines and Energy. With the return of Lobão to the Ministry in 2011, Lobão Filho reassumes the mandate.'Edinho', as it is also known, is one of the owners of the Communication Diffusion System, an affiliate of SBT in the state of Maranhão.
<Nobody_Home_(film)>	Nobody Home is a 1919 American silent comedy film starring Dorothy Gish and Ralph Graves. "Rudolph Valentine" (a pre-stardom Rudolph Valentino) had an early role. Its working title was Out of Luck. This is now considered to be a lost film.As described in a film magazine, Frances Wadsworth (Gish) is a very superstitious young woman who implicitly believes in fortunes told by cards. She discovers through the cards that her friend Mollie Rourke (McGinnis) is doomed to marry. Although Mollie's father objects, Frances aids Mollie in her elopement, and at the ceremony meets a blonde young man. As her cards have told her that a blonde man would enter her life, she accepts her new acquaintance as the gift of fate. Maurice Rennard (Valentino), an adventurer, makes up his mind to marry the money attached to Frances and, after consulting her cards and finding that a dark man would cross her path, Frances submits. The wedding, however, is postponed after a black cat crosses Frances' path. Frances takes refuge in Mollie's apartment, which is vacant as Mollie and her new husband have left town. The blonde young man also takes refuge there, down at heart both by the failure to win Frances and the fact that, in order to land a contract for a farm, he will likely have to wed the silly daughter of Rockaway Smith (Fawcett), the man who is to let the contract. Burglars also enter the "empty" apartment. A chase from room to room takes place with not one of the occupants seeing the others. The burglars finally succeed in putting the blonde young man and Frances to sleep with a billy club and proceed to ransack the place. Mollie, Mollie's husband, and Maurice enter the flat and discover Frances and her blonde friend. The burglars are also captured. Maurice decides that Sally Smith (Chichester), daughter of the man with the contract, is good enough for him, and thus relieves the blonde gentlemen of her. Frances and the blonde man set out to marry, but because it is raining postpone it, as marrying in rainy weather is bad luck.
<Burning_Buildings>	Burning Buildings (Russian: Горящие здания /pre-1917: Горящiя зданiя, romanized: Goryashchiye zdaniya, subtitled: Lyric of the Modern Soul, Russian: Лирика современной души) is the fifth book by Russian Silver Age modernist poet Konstantin Balmont. It was first published in 1900 by Scorpion in Moscow and made its author famous across his country.The collection comprised 131 poems, most of them written in late 1899 at the house of the publisher and close friend Sergey Poliakov. The Burning Buildings' second edition came as part of an anthology entitled The Collection of Poems (Собрание стихов) which came out in 1904 in Moscow. The book's third edition was included into the Complete Poems (Moscow, Scorpion, 1908). Its fourth and fifth editions followed in 1914 and 1917, respectively.As Balmont wrote in 1899, the whole collection has been created "under the spell of one single emotional wave" which turned his "life into a fairytale."
<Ivano_Trotta>	Ivano Trotta (born 12 December 1977 in Rome), is an Italian football manager and former player, who played as a central midfielder.Trotta began his career with Juventus during the 1996–97 Serie A season, and played for several other Italian clubs in Serie B and Serie C, namely Fiorenzuola, Carrarese, Viterbese, Padova, Gualdo, Rimini, Napoli, Treviso. He later played for Ravenna Calcio in Lega Pro Prima Divisione during the 2008–09 season, and ended his career with Bellaria Igea Marina after the 2009–10 Lega Pro Seconda Divisione season.
<Jill_Lepore>	Jill Lepore is an American historian and journalist. She is the David Woods Kemper '41 Professor of American History at Harvard University and a staff writer at The New Yorker, where she has contributed since 2005. She writes about American history, law, literature, and politics.Her essays and reviews have also appeared in The New York Times, The Times Literary Supplement, The Journal of American History, Foreign Affairs, the Yale Law Journal, The American Scholar, and the American Quarterly. Three of her books derive from her New Yorker essays: The Mansion of Happiness: A History of Life and Death (2012), a finalist for the Carnegie Medal for Excellence in Nonfiction; The Story of America: Essays on Origins (2012), shortlisted for the PEN Literary Award for the Art of the Essay; and The Whites of Their Eyes: The Tea Party's Revolution and the Battle for American History (2010). Lepore's The Secret History of Wonder Woman (2014) won the 2015 American History Book Prize.
<Joe_Schenkman>	Joseph Quarles Schenkman (born September 8, 1947) is an American publisher and underground cartoonist.Schenkman was part of underground cartooning's original wave, active in the late 1960s as a regular contributor to Rat Subterranean News, Gothic Blimp Works and the East Village Other in New York City.In San Francisco in the early 1970s, he worked alongside such cartoonists as S. Clay Wilson, Spain Rodriguez, Justin Green, Bill Griffith and Art Spiegelman. With the latter three, he collaborated on Arcade: The Comics Revue. In the 1980s, his cartoons appeared regularly in the National Lampoon, where he was a contributing editor and collaborated with P.J. O'Rourke on satirical features.
<Air_Force_Institute_of_Technology>	Coordinates: 39°46′59″N 84°04′59″W﻿ / ﻿39.783°N 84.083°W﻿ / 39.783; -84.083The Air Force Institute of Technology (AFIT) is a graduate school and provider of professional and continuing education for the United States Armed Forces and is part of the United States Air Force. It is in Ohio at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, near Dayton. AFIT is a component of the Air University and Air Education and Training Command.
<Eaton_Elementary_School_(Hattiesburg,_Mississippi)>	Eaton Elementary School, also known as Third Ward School, is located at 1105 McInnis Ave. in Hattiesburg, Mississippi.  It was utilized as a public school building from 1905 until the late 1980s.  The building was designated a Mississippi Landmark in 1991.  It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.The original Eaton School building is a two-story brick structure with a 12-bay front facade that contains round-arch window frames and a hip roof, previously covered with asphalt shingles.  A stucco finish was applied to the brick outer walls at an unspecified date.  The ground-level entrance on the north facade was topped with a round-arch transom.  A steel fire escape for the second floor is mounted on the west end of the front facade.The south facade was less ornate, with an entrance door on the first floor flanked by 4 arched window frames on the east end and 10 windows in arched frames on the second floor.  The east elevation contains 7 arched window frames on the first and second floors.  The center window frame on the second floor of the east elevation contains a metal door for accessing a steel fire escape.  The west elevation was modified in 1949 by a one-story cafeteria addition.
<David_Suzuki>	David Takayoshi Suzuki CC OBC FRSC (born March 24, 1936) is a Canadian academic, science broadcaster, and environmental activist. Suzuki earned a PhD in zoology from the University of Chicago in 1961, and was a professor in the genetics department at the University of British Columbia from 1963 until his retirement in 2001. Since the mid-1970s, Suzuki has been known for his television and radio series, documentaries and books about nature and the environment. He is best known as host and narrator of the popular and long-running CBC Television science program The Nature of Things, seen in over 40 countries. He is also well known for criticizing governments for their lack of action to protect the environment.A longtime activist to reverse global climate change, Suzuki co-founded the David Suzuki Foundation in 1990, to work "to find ways for society to live in balance with the natural world that does sustain us." The Foundation's priorities are: oceans and sustainable fishing, climate change and clean energy, sustainability, and Suzuki's Nature Challenge. The Foundation also works on ways to help protect the oceans from large oil spills such as the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. Suzuki has also served as a director of the Canadian Civil Liberties Association from 1982 to 1987.
<Harry_Meyen>	Harry Meyen (born Harald Haubenstock; 31 August 1924 – 15 April 1979) was a German film actor. He appeared in more than 40 films and television productions between 1948 and 1975. In the 1960s he also worked as a theatre director in West Germany.Meyen was born in Hamburg, the son of a Jewish merchant who was deported to a concentration camp during the Nazi regime. The 18-year-old Meyen himself was incarcerated as a Mischling and survived the Neuengamme concentration camp.
<Paul_McCarthy>	Paul McCarthy (born August 4, 1945) is a contemporary artist who lives and works in Los Angeles, California.McCarthy was born in Salt Lake City, Utah, in 1945. He studied art at Weber State University in Ogden, Utah, and later continued to study at the University of Utah until 1969. He went on to study at the San Francisco Art Institute, receiving a BFA in painting. In 1972 he studied film, video, and art at the University of Southern California, receiving an MFA. From 1982 to 2002 he taught performance, video, installation, and performance art history at the University of California, Los Angeles. McCarthy currently works mainly in video and sculpture.Originally formally trained as a painter, McCarthy's main interest lies in everyday activities and the mess created by them. Much of his work in the late 1960s, such as Mountain Bowling (1969) and Hold an Apple in Your Armpit (1970), are similar to the work of Happenings founder Allan Kaprow, with whom McCarthy had a professional relationship.
<William_Henry_Harrison>	William Henry Harrison (February 9, 1773 – April 4, 1841) was an American military officer and politician who served as the ninth president of the United States. Harrison died just 31 days after his inauguration in 1841, and had the shortest presidency in United States history. He was also the first United States president to die in office, and a brief constitutional crisis resulted as presidential succession was not then fully defined in the United States Constitution. Harrison was the last president born as a British subject in the Thirteen Colonies and was the paternal grandfather of Benjamin Harrison, the 23rd president of the United States.He was born into the Harrison family of Virginia at their homestead, Berkeley plantation in Charles City County, Virginia; he was a son of Benjamin Harrison V—a Founding Father of the United States. During his early military career, Harrison participated in the 1794 Battle of Fallen Timbers, an American military victory that ended the Northwest Indian War. Later, he led a military force against Tecumseh's confederacy at the Battle of Tippecanoe in 1811, where he earned the nickname "Old Tippecanoe". He was promoted to major general in the Army during the War of 1812, and led American infantry and cavalry to victory at the Battle of the Thames in Upper Canada.
<James_Macfarlane>	James Macfarlane may refer to:
<Joanne_Froggatt>	Joanne Froggatt (born 23 August 1980) is a British actress. From 2010 to 2015, she portrayed Anna Bates in the ITV period drama series Downton Abbey. For this role, she received three Emmy nominations for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series, and won the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress on Television in 2014. From 2017 to 2020, she starred in the ITV drama series Liar.Froggatt's early television appearances include Coronation Street (1997–1998), Bad Girls (1999), dinnerladies (1999) and A Touch of Frost (2001). She went on to star in the television films Danielle Cable: Eyewitness (2003), See No Evil: The Moors Murders (2006) and Murder in the Outback (2007), before winning the British Independent Film Award for Most Promising Newcomer for her leading role in the 2010 film In Our Name.
<Paul_Douglas_(actor)>	Paul Douglas Fleischer (April 11, 1907 − September 11, 1959), known professionally as Paul Douglas, was an American actor.Douglas was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the son of Margaret (Douglas) and William Paul Fleischer. He attended Yale University and participated in dramatics as a student there.
<JetForm>	JetForm was the name of a Canadian software manufacturer created by four consultants (Wayne Hall, Bob Allum, Tom Hicks, and John Gleed) that was based out of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada and an electronic form software product of the same name.JetForm once had major offices in the United States, various countries in Europe, Australia, and New Zealand. It was founded in 1982, and was listed under NASDAQ as FORMF, under the Pacific Stock Exchange as JTF, and the Toronto Stock Exchange as JFM.The company was originally named Indigo Software and was solely a software consulting firm. Indigo Software did work for the Canadian Federal Government and IBM (as the maintainer of an IBM CAD software product); among other clients.  One significant government project resulted in an electronic forms product being created: iFiller, iPrint, et al.
<Piranha_Bytes>	Piranha Bytes GmbH is a German video game developer based in Essen. Founded in 1997, it is best known for their Gothic and Risen series of role-playing video games. The studio is a subsidiary of THQ Nordic and, as of August 2021, employs 33 people.Alex Brüggemann, Michael "Mike" Hoge, Stefan Nyul, and Tom Putzki founded Piranha Bytes in Bochum in 1997, incorporating it as Piranha Bytes Software GmbH. In 1999, the company became a wholly owned subsidiary of the German publisher Phenomedia. Piranha Bytes' first game, Gothic, was released in 2001. Shortly thereafter, Brüggemann left the company to work on smaller game projects, eventually designing The Settlers: Rise of an Empire. He died on 19 January 2013 after a long illness.
<Heinrich_Rau>	Chairman of the German Economic CommissionCommunist Party of Germany (1919–1946)
<Michele_Lee>	Michele Lee is an American actress, singer, dancer, producer, and director. She is known for her role as Karen Fairgate MacKenzie on the prime-time soap opera Knots Landing (1979–1993), for which she was nominated for a 1982 Emmy Award and won the Soap Opera Digest Award for Best Actress in 1988, 1991, and 1992. She was the only performer to appear in all 344 episodes of the series.Lee began her career on Broadway in Vintage 60 (1960) and How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying (1961). She made her movie debut in the film version of the latter in 1967. Her other film appearances include the Disney film The Love Bug (1968), The Comic (1969), and Along Came Polly (2004). She was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical in 1974 for Seesaw and for the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play in 2001 for The Tale of the Allergist's Wife. She also played the title role in the 1998 TV film Scandalous Me: The Jacqueline Susann Story and Madame Morrible in the Broadway musical Wicked in 2015.
<Knowle_Halt_railway_station>	Knowle Halt was a railway station in the county of Hampshire in England. It was served by trains on the Eastleigh to Fareham and Meon Valley lines. The station opened in 1907 and closed in 1964.The station was opened on 1 May 1907 by the London and South Western Railway (LSWR) to serve Knowle Hospital, then known as the Hampshire County Lunatic Asylum. Opened as Knowle Asylum Halt, its name was changed to Knowle Platform and then, from 1942, to Knowle Halt.
<Jayant_Narlikar>	Jayant Vishnu Narlikar (born 19 July 1938) is an Indian astrophysicist and emeritus professor at the Inter-University Centre for Astronomy and Astrophysics (IUCAA). He developed with Sir Fred Hoyle the conformal gravity theory, known as Hoyle–Narlikar theory. It synthesises Albert Einstein's theory of relativity and Mach's principle. It proposes that the inertial mass of a particle is a function of the masses of all other particles, multiplied by a coupling constant, which is a function of cosmic epoch.Narlikar was born in Kolhapur, India on 19 July 1938 in a family of scholars. His father, Vishnu Vasudev Narlikar, was a mathematician and theoretical physicist who served as Professor and Head of Department of Mathematics at Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi, and mother, Sumati Narlikar, was a scholar of Sanskrit. His wife is Mangala Narlikar and he has three daughters. His maternal uncle was the distinguished statistician V. S. Huzurbazar.
<David_Botstein>	David Botstein (born September 8, 1942) is an American biologist serving as the chief scientific officer of Calico. He served as the director of the Lewis-Sigler Institute for Integrative Genomics at Princeton University from 2003 to 2013, where he remains an Anthony B. Evnin Professor of Genomics.Botstein graduated from the Bronx High School of Science in 1959, and Harvard University in 1963. He started his Ph.D. work under Maurice Sanford Fox at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, then moved and received a Ph.D. from the University of Michigan in 1967 for work on P22 phage.
<Kumar_Suvarna_Chandrak>	Kumar Suvarana Chandrak or the Kumar Gold Medal is a literary award given by Kumar Trust, Ahmedabad, India since 1944. The medal is annually conferred to a Gujarati author for his contribution in Kumar magazine published by Kumar Trust. In 1950, Chandravadan Mehta refused to accept Kumar Chandrak.The medal was established in 1944, by Yashwant Pandya, an author contributing to Kumar. Initially, Gujarati authors Balwantray Thakore, Vishnuprasad Trivedi and Sundaram had served in a committee for the selection of awardee. Subsequently Ramnarayan V. Pathak and Anantrai Raval served on the committee. From 1983 to 2002, there is no expressed declaration of this medal, but from 2003 it has been started again. It was renamed from Kumar Chandrak (Kumar Medal) to Kumar Suvarna Chandrak (Kumar Gold Medal) in 2003.
<ACS_Award_in_Pure_Chemistry>	The American Chemical Society Award in Pure Chemistry is awarded annually by the American Chemical Society (ACS) "to recognize and encourage fundamental research in pure chemistry carried out in North America by young men and women."  "Young" means born within 35 years of the awarding of the Award, which takes place at the Spring meeting of the ACS.  To be eligible, a nominee "must have accomplished research of unusual merit for an individual on the threshold of her or his career. Special consideration is given to independence of thought and originality in the research...."  The award was first awarded in 1931, with Linus Pauling the inaugural recipient.  It is sponsored by the Alpha Chi Sigma Fraternity and the Alpha Chi Sigma Educational Foundation.Source: American Chemical Society
<James_O'Keefe>	James Edward O'Keefe III (born June 28, 1984) is an American political activist and provocateur who founded Project Veritas, a far-right activist group that uses deceptive editing techniques to attack mainstream media organizations and progressive groups. Both O'Keefe and Project Veritas have produced secretly recorded undercover audio and video encounters in academic, governmental, and social service organizations, purporting to show abusive or illegal behavior by representatives of those organizations; the recordings are often selectively edited to misrepresent the context of the conversations and the subjects' responses.O’Keefe first gained national attention for his selectively edited video recordings of workers at Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now (ACORN) offices in 2009, his arrest and misdemeanor guilty plea in 2010 for entering the federal office of then-U.S. Senator Mary Landrieu (D-LA) under false pretenses, and the release of misleading videos of conversations with two high-ranking, now former, NPR executives in 2011.
<Sanjay_Jadhav>	Sanjay Jadhav (born on 18 July 1970) is an Indian cinematographer and a Hindi and Marathi film director.Jadhav is an Indian cinematographer and film director in Bollywood and Marathi cinema, who is best known for his 2013 film, Duniyadari. The film was produced by the production house Dreaming24Seven along with Deepak Rane and was presented by Video Palace. In 2014, Jadhav directed Pyaar Vali Love Story, a romantic drama set in the 90s. He also directed the 2015 romantic drama film Tu Hi Re starring Swapnil Joshi, Sai Tamhankar and Tejaswini Pandit, as well as the 2016 action film Guru starring Ankush Chaudhari and Urmila Kanitkar. Jadhav has also produced several television shows, including Marathi sitcom Dil Dosti Duniyadari, aired on Zee Marathi, the thriller serial Duheri on Star Pravah, and a show called Freshers on Zee Yuva. He was recently a judge on the dance reality show 2 MAD, along with actress Amruta Khanvilkar and film choreographer Umesh Jadhav. He presently plays the role of a lawyer in the Marathi TV show Kaay Ghadla Tya Ratri?
<Royal_Charger>	Royal Charger (1942–1961) was a British Thoroughbred that was successful as a racehorse, but much more important as a sire.Royal Charger was a chestnut horse sired by the important stallion Nearco. His dam, Sun Princess, was a descendant of the famous broodmare Mumtaz Mahal. He was owned by Sir John Jarvis and trained by his unrelated namesake Jack Jarvis at Newmarket, Suffolk.Royal Charger failed to win as a two-year-old in 1944, but showed some promise when twice finishing second. As a three-year-old, he finished third in the 2000 Guineas at Newmarket on 9 May, beaten a neck and two lengths by Court Martial and Dante. Later that year, he was placed in the Duke of York Stakes and won the Challenge Stakes.
<Christopher_Hacon>	Christopher Derek Hacon FRS (born 14 February 1970) is a mathematician with British, Italian and US nationalities.  He is currently distinguished professor of mathematics at the University of Utah where he holds a Presidential Endowed Chair. His research interests include algebraic geometry.Hacon was born in Manchester, but grew up in Italy where he studied at the Scuola Normale Superiore and received a degree in mathematics at the University of Pisa in 1992. He received his doctorate from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1998, under supervision of Robert Lazarsfeld.
<Don_Juan_(Byron)>	In English literature, Don Juan (1819–1824), by Lord Byron, is a satirical, epic poem that portrays the Spanish legend of Don Juan not as a womaniser, but as a man easily seduced by women. As genre literature, Don Juan is an epic poem, written in ottava rima and presented in sixteen cantos. Lord Byron derived the character, but not the story, from the same Spanish legend. Upon publication in 1819, cantos I and II were criticised as immoral, because the author Byron too freely ridiculed the social subjects, the persons, and the personages of his time. At his death in 1824, Lord Byron had written sixteen of seventeen cantos, whilst canto XVII went unfinished.Lord Byron was a prolific writer for whom "the composition of his great poem, Don Juan, was coextensive with a major part of his poetical life"; he wrote the first canto in late 1818, and the seventeenth canto in early 1823. Canto I was written in September 1818, and canto II was written in December 1818 through January 1819. Cantos III and IV were written in winter of 1819–1820 and canto V was written in October–November 1820. Cantos I and II were published on 15 July 1819, and cantos III, IV, and V were published on 8 August 1821.
<GMA_Supershow>	GMA Supershow, formerly titled as Germside and Germspesyal, is a Philippine television variety show broadcast by GMA Network. The show was the longest-running Sunday noontime variety show in Philippine television until 2015. Hosted by German Moreno, it premiered on May 7, 1978. The show concluded on January 26, 1997 with a total of 978 episodes. It was replaced by SOP in its timeslot.This Philippine television program-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Myron_Selznick>	Myron Selznick (October 5, 1898 – March 23, 1944) was an American film producer and talent agent.Born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Selznick was the son of film executive Lewis J. Selznick and brother of renowned producer David O. Selznick. As a young man, Myron Selznick learned the film production business from his father and worked for his father's film company as a production supervisor.
<Barbara_Sizemore>	Barbara Sizemore (December 17, 1927 – July 24, 2004) was an American teacher and researcher in the field of education. In 1973, she became the first African American woman to head the public school system in a major city, when she was elected superintendent of District of Columbia Public Schools.Barbara Ann Sizemore was born to Sylvester and Delila Lafoon in Chicago, Illinois, and was raised in Terre Haute, Indiana. She attended segregated elementary and middle schools and graduated from high school at the age of 16. Sizemore attended Northwestern University, where she received a bachelor's degree in classical languages in 1947 and a master's degree in elementary education in 1954. She later returned to school and received a PhD from the University of Chicago in educational administration in 1979.Sizemore began her career in Chicago public schools, teaching English and reading in elementary and high schools from 1950 to 1963, and serving as principal of elementary and high schools from 1963 to 1967. In 1969 she was named district superintendent of the Woodlawn Experimental Schools. She was also a member of the adjunct faculty at Northeastern Illinois University from 1965 to 1971. Sizemore taught at the University of Pittsburgh from 1975 to 1992. It was there that she began her research on low-income African American students and standardized tests, which she continued as dean of the School of Education at DePaul University in 1992. Sizemore's first book, a version of her doctoral thesis titled The Ruptured Diamond: The Politics of the Decentralization of the District of Columbia Public Schools, was published in 1981. Her second book, Walking in Circles: The Black Struggle for School Reform was published posthumously in 2008.
<All_the_Pretty_Horses_(novel)>	All the Pretty Horses is a novel by American author Cormac McCarthy published by Alfred A. Knopf in 1992. Its romanticism, contrasting with the bleakness of Blood Meridian, McCarthy's earlier work, brought the writer much public attention. It was a bestseller, and it won both the U.S. National Book Awardand the National Book Critics Circle Award. It is also the first of McCarthy's "Border Trilogy".The book was adapted as a 2000 film starring Matt Damon and Penélope Cruz and directed by Billy Bob Thornton.The novel tells of John Grady Cole, a 16-year-old who grew up on his grandfather's ranch in San Angelo, Texas. The boy was raised for a significant part of his youth, perhaps 15 of his 16 years, by a family of Mexican origin who worked on the ranch; he is a native speaker of Spanish and English. The story begins in 1949, soon after the death of John Grady's grandfather when Grady learns the ranch is to be sold. Faced with the prospect of moving into town, Grady instead chooses to leave and persuades his best friend, Lacey Rawlins, to accompany him. Traveling by horseback, the pair travel southward into Mexico, where they hope to find work as cowboys.
<News_Corp_Australia>	News Corp Australia is an Australian media conglomerate and wholly owned subsidiary of the American News Corp. One of Australia's largest media conglomerates, News Corp Australia employs more than 8,000 staff nationwide and approximately 3,000 journalists. The group's interests span newspaper and magazine publishing, Internet, subscription television in the form of Foxtel, market research, DVD and film distribution, and film and television production trading assets. News Pty Limited (formerly News Limited) is the holding company of the group.News Corp Australia owns approximately 142 daily, Sunday, weekly, bi-weekly, and tri-weekly newspapers, of which 102 are suburban publications (including 16 in which News Corp Australia has a 50% interest). News Corp Australia publishes a nationally distributed newspaper in Australia, a metropolitan newspaper in each of the Australian cities of Adelaide, Brisbane, Darwin, Hobart, Melbourne, and Sydney, as well as groups of suburban newspapers in the suburbs of Adelaide, Brisbane, Melbourne, Perth, and Sydney. The company publishes a further thirty magazine titles across Australia. According to the Finkelstein Review of Media and Media Regulation, in 2011 the group accounted for 23% of the newspaper titles in Australia.
<Fran_Drescher>	Francine Joy Drescher (born September 30, 1957) is an American actress, comedian, writer, activist, and trade union leader. She is known for her role as Fran Fine in the television sitcom The Nanny (1993–1999), which she created and produced with her then-husband Peter Marc Jacobson.Drescher made her screen debut with a small role in the 1977 film Saturday Night Fever and later appeared in American Hot Wax (1978) and Wes Craven's horror tale Stranger in Our House (1978). In the 1980s, she gained recognition as a comedic actress in the films Gorp (1980), The Hollywood Knights (1980), Doctor Detroit (1983), This Is Spinal Tap (1984), and UHF (1989) while establishing a television career with guest appearances on several series. In 1993, she achieved wider fame as Fran Fine in her own sitcom vehicle The Nanny, for which she was nominated for two Emmy Awards and two Golden Globe Awards for Best Actress in a Comedy Television Series during the show's run. In the 2000s, Drescher starred in the sitcoms Living with Fran and Happily Divorced. Since 2012, she has starred in the animated Hotel Transylvania film series.
<The_Last_Tycoons>	The Last Tycoons: The Secret History of Lazard Frères & Co. is the debut book by William D. Cohan. It was released on April 3, 2007 by Doubleday. It focuses on the history of the prominent investment bank Lazard Frères. The book won the 2007 Financial Times and Goldman Sachs Business Book of the Year Award.William D. Cohan, as of 2013 an author of three New York Times best-selling books about Wall Street, is a contributing editor at Vanity Fair, and a former award-winning investigative newspaper reporter based in Raleigh, North Carolina. He worked on Wall Street for seventeen years. He spent six years at Lazard Frères in New York, then Merrill Lynch, and later became a managing director at JP Morgan Chase.Cohan, who once worked at Lazard, tells a sprawling, gossip-filled tale about the firm, the careful cultivation of its lustrous reputation and, in the last decade or so, that reputation’s apparent undoing. It is far from an epic tragedy — the story is, after all, about money and its most avid pursuers. Moreover, in dollar terms, Lazard — however dimmed its reputation — is seemingly thriving as never before, its stock price having doubled in the past two years. But Cohan’s portrayal of the firm’s dominant partners — whose gargantuan appetites and mercurial habits provide the unifying force behind the book’s operatic melodramas — makes this an epic in its own way. In fact, “The Last Tycoons” bears a striking resemblance to F. Scott Fitzgerald’s The Last Tycoon. Fitzgerald set his novel in Hollywood, and described lives, temperaments and ambitions that closely approximate those of Lazard’s most important figures. Of course, Cohan isn’t Fitzgerald. After 700 pages, many will come away feeling the bank’s story might work better as a tale told by Hollywood — a French-accented “Dynasty” meets “What Makes Sammy Run?”
<Lolo_Soetoro>	Lolo Soetoro (EYD: Lolo Sutoro; Javanese: [ˈlɒlɒ suːˈtɒrɒː]; 2 January 1935 – 2 March 1987), also known as Lolo Soetoro Mangunharjo or Mangundikardjo, was an Indonesian man who was the stepfather of Barack Obama, the 44th president of the United States.Soetoro was born in Bandung, West Java, Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia), the ninth of 10 children of Martodihardjo, an employee of a mining office from Yogyakarta.  Soetoro's father and eldest brother were killed during the Indonesian National Revolution, when Indonesia won independence from the Dutch, and the Dutch army burned the family's home. Soetoro fled with his mother to the countryside.
<Darlene_Conley>	Darlene Conley (July 18, 1934 – January 14, 2007) was an American actress.Conley's career spanned fifty years, but she was best known for her performances in daytime television, and in particular, for her portrayal of larger-than-life fashion industrialist Sally Spectra on The Bold and the Beautiful. Conley played the role from 1989 until her death eighteen years later. Darlene's character Sally is the only soap opera character to be displayed at Madame Tussaud's wax figures galleries in Amsterdam and Las Vegas.
<Tomoko_Kawase>	Tomoko Kawase (川瀬 智子, Kawase Tomoko, born February 6, 1975) is a Japanese singer, songwriter, producer, actress, and model from Kyoto. She is the lead singer of the alternative rock band The Brilliant Green. She also has a solo career under the alter-ego pseudonyms Tommy february6 and Tommy heavenly6.Her debut solo album Tommy february6 peaked at No. 1 on the Japan Oricon chart. The album was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of Japan, as well as her second studio album Tommy Airline. She has released eight solo albums. Her songs appeared in various anime including Paradise Kiss, Mobile Suit Gundam 00, Soul Eater, Pokémon, Gin Tama, and Bakuman. Two of her songs were used in the 2004 film adaption of Kamikaze Girls. From 2001 to 2009, she released music through Defstar Records, a division of Sony Music Japan. In 2010 she was signed to Warner Music Japan.
<UniCredit_Bank_Serbia>	UniCredit Bank Serbia (Serbian: UniCredit Bank Srbija a.d. Beograd) is a bank founded in 2001, headquartered in Belgrade, Serbia. It is part of the Italian banking group UniCredit, which owns 100% stake in the bank. As of 31 December 2019, the bank has a network of 72 branch offices in Serbia.UniCredit Bank Serbia was owned by Bank Austria, which in turn was majority owned by German bank HypoVereinsbank (HVB), which was, in turn, majority owned by Italian-based UniCredit banking group since November 2005.On 2 April 2007, the bank officially changed its name to UniCredit Bank Srbija a.d. Beograd.
<Denis_O'Dea>	Denis O'Dea (26 April 1905 – 5 November 1978) was an Irish stage and film actor.He was born in Dublin and attended Synge Street CBS. When very young he and his mother Kathleen (from County Kerry) moved in with her sister, who kept a boarding house at 54 South Richmond Street. He worked in insurance until taking up acting. O'Dea was a leading member of Dublin's Abbey Theatre where he had a great acting career from 1929 to 1953; a list of his performances can be found in the Abbey archives. He also appeared in numerous plays by Irish playwright Teresa Deevy, some of which toured New York and England. His work led to a number of notable film roles, including two mid-1930s John Ford films, The Informer and The Plough and the Stars (1936), and the part of the police inspector in pursuit of IRA man James Mason in Carol Reed's Odd Man Out (1947).
<Robin_Beanland>	Robin Beanland is a British composer of video game music, composing music for numerous Rare titles, such as the Killer Instinct franchise, Conker's Bad Fur Day (which he also co-wrote the screenplay with Chris Seavor), and many others. Prior to joining Rare, Beanland composed music for TV and films. The only current game that he continues to produce music for is Sea of Thieves.
<Yue_Fei>	Yue Fei  (Chinese: 岳飛; March 24, 1103 – January 28, 1142), courtesy name Pengju (鵬舉), was a Chinese military general who lived during the Southern Song dynasty and a national hero of China, known for leading Southern Song forces in the wars in the 12th century between Southern Song and the Jurchen-ruled Jin dynasty in northern China. Because of his warlike-stance, he was put to death by the Southern Song government in 1142 under a concocted charge, after a negotiated peace was achieved with the Jurchens. Yue Fei is depicted in the Wu Shuang Pu (無雙譜, Table of Peerless Heroes) by Jin Guliang.Yue Fei's ancestral home was in Xiaoti, Yonghe Village, Tangyin, Xiangzhou, Henan (in present-day Tangyin County, Anyang, Henan).  He was granted the posthumous name Wumu (武穆) by Emperor Xiaozong in 1169, and later granted the noble title King of È (鄂王) posthumously by the Emperor Ningzong in 1211. Widely seen as a patriot and national folk hero in China, since his death Yue Fei has evolved into a paragon of loyalty in Chinese culture.
<Marco_Minniti>	Marco Minniti (Italian pronunciation: [ˈmarko minˈniːti]; born 6 June 1956) is an Italian politician. A member of the Democratic Party, he served in the government of Italy as Minister of the Interior from 12 December 2016 to 1 June 2018. Previously, he was one of the most prominent councilors of former Prime Ministers Matteo Renzi and Massimo D'Alema.Due to his policies on immigration and security, Minniti has been often criticized by left-wing intellectuals and writers, like Roberto Saviano, and labeled as a strongman. He has been sometimes nicknamed "The Lord of the Spies", due to his long-time experience in coordinating the secret services in almost all the centre-left coalition's governments. While he was in office, some political commentators described him as the most powerful and prominent man in Italy.Minniti was born in Reggio Calabria in Southern Italy in 1956. His father was a general of the Italian Army.
<Banca_Mediolanum>	Banca Mediolanum S.p.A. is an Italian bank, insurance and asset management conglomerate which is the parent company of Gruppo Mediolanum (Mediolanum Group). The CEO of the company is Massimo Antonio Doris, and the bank is listed on the Borsa Italiana and is a constituent of the FTSE MIB index from the end of 2015 when it incorporated it parent company Mediolanum S.p.A. Mediolanum Group was founded by Ennio Doris, the current second largest shareholders of the conglomerate. The conglomerate provided asset management, banking, insurances services to customers in Italy, Spain (as Banco Mediolanum and Fibanc) and Germany (Bankhaus August Lenz & Co.)Despite being ranked sixth by market capitalization among financial services companies (behind Intesa Sanpaolo, UniCredit, Assicurazioni Generali, UnipolSai and Mediobanca in 2016), the conglomerate (Mediolanum S.p.A.) was ranked 13th by total assets among bank (2014 data), as well as much smaller in size by risk-weighed assets, thus the conglomerate (Mediolanum S.p.A nor Banca Mediolanum) was not included in the Single Supervisory Mechanism. However, after Banca Mediolanum reversed the merger with Mediolanum, the European Central Bank started a comprehensive assessment to assess the conglomerate and decided the conglomerate would not be included. Eventually, Banca Mediolanum remained as a less-significant bank, which would not be supervised by the European Central Bank directly.This Italian bank or insurance-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Ta-Tanisha>	Ta-Tanisha (born Shirley Cummings on January 15, 1953 in the Bronx, New York) is an American character actress, best known for her role as Pam Simpson on the television series Room 222, which she played from 1970 to 1972.Ta-Tanisha later appeared in the 1973 film The Sting, and appeared on Sanford and Son as "The Sanford Arms" tenant Janet Lawrence. Ta-Tanisha also appeared on Good Times three times (in three separate roles) as well as on What's Happening!!. Her husband is veteran actor Lee Weaver. Ta-Tanisha and Weaver reside in her hometown Bronx, New York area. They have one daughter, Leis La-Te.Ta-Tanisha arrived in Los Angeles from Detroit, Michigan in the 1960s. In the early 1970s Ta-Tanisha began studying theatre at the Performing Arts Society Los Angeles (PASLA) where she performed in several plays including Blues for Mister Charlie and A Raisin in the Sun. Ta-Tanisha also appeared in The Black Girl in Search of God at the Mark Taper Forum.
<University_of_Southern_California>	The University of Southern California (USC, SC, or Southern Cal) is a private research university in Los Angeles, California, United States. Founded in 1880 by Robert M. Widney, it is the oldest private research university in California.The university is composed of one liberal arts school, the Dornsife College of Letters, Arts and Sciences, and 22 undergraduate, graduate, and professional schools, enrolling roughly 21,000 undergraduate and 28,500 post-graduate students from all 50 U.S. states and more than 115 countries. It is also a member of the Association of American Universities, which it joined in 1969. USC is ranked as one of the top universities in the United States and admission to its programs is considered highly selective.
<Mary_Ann_Mobley>	Mary Ann Mobley (February 17, 1937 – December 9, 2014) was an American actress, television personality, and Miss America 1959.Mobley was born in 1937 in Biloxi, Mississippi. After her reign as Miss America 1959, Mobley embarked on a career in both film and television. She signed a five-year contract with MGM. She made her first television appearances on Be Our Guest in 1960, followed by five appearances on Burke's Law from 1963 to 1965. In 1966 she was the female guest star on the first two-part episode of Mission: Impossible, in the episode “Old Man Out.” She went on to make multiple appearances on Perry Mason, Love, American Style, and Fantasy Island. She played a recurring role as Maggie McKinney Drummond on Diff'rent Strokes in the final season of the series, having taken over the role from Dixie Carter. She also played Arnold’s teacher on Diff'rent Strokes in season 2, episode 24. In Carter's later series, Designing Women, Mobley guest-starred as Karen Delaporte, the snide head of a historical society, who crosses swords with Carter's character, Julia Sugarbaker. She made two films with Elvis Presley in 1965, Girl Happy and Harum Scarum.
<Dropcam>	Dropcam, Inc. was an American technology company headquartered in San Francisco, California. The company is known for its Wi-Fi video streaming cameras, Dropcam and Dropcam Pro, that allow people to view live feeds through Dropcam’s cloud-based service. On June 20, 2014, it was announced that Google's Nest Labs bought Dropcam for $555 million. In June 2015, Nest introduced the Nest Cam, a successor to the Dropcam Pro. Dropcam app users are also currently being transitioned to the Nest app.Software engineers Greg Duffy and Aamir Virani founded Dropcam in 2009. Duffy served as Dropcam’s CEO and Virani served as COO. They originally developed software for cameras made by Swedish company AXIS. Wanting to develop a less expensive camera, the two companies parted ways and Dropcam started producing its own cameras that primarily provided video monitoring for homes and small businesses. Duffy and Virani credit Duffy’s dad with at least part of the inspiration for Dropcam. He wanted to identify the neighbor who was letting their dog poop on his lawn but they were having trouble finding a security camera that made it easy to record, stream and monitor large amounts of data.Dropcam received early funding from technology investor Mitch Kapor, and in June 2012, Dropcam secured $12 million in venture capital funding led by Menlo Ventures and previous investors, Accel Partners and Bay Partners. Dropcam has also received funding from Felicis Ventures and Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers. The following year, it received $30 million more in funding led by Institutional Venture Partners, bringing the total raised to $47.8 million. Duffy said Dropcam’s revenue grew 500 percent year over year.
<Citadel_Broadcasting>	Citadel Broadcasting Corporation was a Las Vegas, Nevada-based broadcast holding company. Citadel owned 243 radio stations across the United States and was the third-largest radio station owner in the country. Only iHeartMedia and Cumulus Media owned more stations prior to Citadel's merger with Cumulus.On March 10, 2011, Cumulus Media announced that it would purchase Citadel Broadcasting. After receiving conditional regulatory approval from the Department of Justice and the Federal Communications Commission, the deal was approved by Citadel shareholders on September 15, 2011. The merger of the two companies closed on September 16, 2011, and Citadel was immediately absorbed into Cumulus Media.The company was founded in 1984 in Phoenix, Arizona by Larry Wilson as Citadel Associates Limited Partnership. In 1990 it was renamed Citadel Associates Montana Limited Partnership for the purpose of owning and operating stations in Montana that were formerly owned by CALP. A year later, Citadel Broadcasting was officially incorporated and in 1984 it acquired all of the radio stations owned by its predecessors. Within a decade, Citadel expanded to 26 states. Within that time period, it absorbed all Bloomington Broadcasting radio holdings and 11 stations from Dick Broadcasting Company and also acquired three radio stations from Slone Broadcasting, Inc. and Slone Radio, LLC. In 2000, Liggett Broadcasting sold its radio stations in Michigan, New York, Minnesota, South Carolina, Ohio, and California to Citadel, with Bob Liggett becoming a member of Citadel's Board of Directors. In 2001, Larry Wilson sold Citadel to private equity firm Forstmann Little & Company for $2.1 billion. By that time, the company had grown to 205 stations in 42 markets.
<Joseph_A._Konstan>	Joseph A. Konstan is an American computer scientist, the Distinguished McKnight University Professor and Distinguished University Teaching Professor at the University of Minnesota. His research interests are human computer interaction, social computing, collaborative information filtering, online communities and medical and health applications of Internet technology. He is best known for his work in collaborative filtering recommenders (the GroupLens project), and for his work in online HIV prevention.He received the SIGCHI Lifetime Service Award in 2013.
<Katherine_Jenkins>	Katherine Maria Jenkins OBE (born 29 June 1980) is a Welsh singer. She is a mezzo-soprano and performs operatic arias, popular songs, musical theatre, and hymns.After winning singing competitions in her youth, Jenkins studied at the Royal Academy of Music, modelled, and taught voice lessons. She came to wide public attention in 2003 when she sang at Westminster Cathedral in honour of Pope John Paul II's silver jubilee. Since 2004, she has released numerous albums that have performed well on British and foreign charts. In both 2005 and 2006, her albums received Classic Brit Awards as Album of the Year. She has been seen widely in concert and has performed for British Armed Forces in Iraq and Afghanistan. She has sung at sporting events, on television shows, and in support of many charities.
<Emme_Wong>	Emme Wong Yee-Man (Chinese: 黃伊汶; born 3 January 1981) is a Cantopop singer and actress based in Hong Kong.Wong originally debuted under the name "Dior Wong" in late 2001, as one of Universal Records's promising new pop starlets. As Dior Wong, she sported a clean and youthful image, and released her first EP Pure Impression (純屬印象) in November. She followed with her first full-length album Scents (香薰) in July 2002.
<José_Luis_Loreto>	José Luis Rodríguez Loreto (born 10 February 1971) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a striker, and is a manager.Over six seasons, he amassed Segunda División totals of 176 games and 49 goals in representation of three clubs. In La Liga, he made a combined 35 appearances for Betis and Zaragoza.Loreto was born in Seville, Andalusia. After making his professional debut with Real Betis, scoring two goals in 23 games for an eventual La Liga relegation in the 1990–91 season, he excelled at neighbours Córdoba CF in the third division (signing with the club in 1993), which prompted a return to the top flight with Real Zaragoza.
<Paris>	Paris (French pronunciation: ​[paʁi] (listen)) is the capital and most populous city of France, with an estimated population of 2,165,423 residents in 2019 in an area of more than 105 km² (41 sq mi), making it the 30th most densely populated city in the world in 2020. Since the 17th century, Paris has been one of the world's major centres of finance, diplomacy, commerce, fashion, gastronomy, and science. For its leading role in the arts and sciences, as well as its very early system of street lighting, in the 19th century it became known as "the City of Light". Like London, prior to the Second World War, it was also sometimes called the capital of the world.The City of Paris is the centre of the Île-de-France region, or Paris Region, with an estimated population of 12,262,544 in 2019, or about 19% of the population of France, making the region France's primate city. The Paris Region had a GDP of €739 billion ($743 billion) in 2019, which is the highest in Europe. According to the Economist Intelligence Unit Worldwide Cost of Living Survey, in 2022, Paris was the city with the ninth-highest cost of living in the world.
<The_Whispering_Road>	The Whispering Road is a 2005 children's book by Livi Michael. It won the Nestlé Children's Book Prize Bronze Award and the Stockton Children's Book of the Year Award, as well as being shortlisted for the Ottakar's Children's Book Prize.The Whispering Road documents the stories of Joe, a young, orphaned boy who loves to tell fantastical stories, and Annie, his younger sister who can contact the dead. Since their mother left them on the front step of the local workhouse, Joe and Annie have been searching for her, but to no success. At the beginning of the novel, they work for a cruel master and mistress, whose chores they complete. An abusive old man named Old Bert supervises them constantly and punishes them for the least mistake. Old Bert forces Joe and Annie to sleep in the chicken coop, and threatens to kill Joe if they wake him up. After Annie becomes cold, Joe, angered at the people of the farm, makes the decision to run away; he tries to catch one of the chickens. Joe's perturbed efforts wake up most of the chickens, attracting Old Bert, who Joe hits over the head with a shovel. Young Bert sends the farm owner's hounds upon the siblings, who make for the nearby fence separating the estate from the woods. It is assumed that they escape and fall asleep somewhere in the woods, thus, when they wake up, they are greeted by a hobbit-like man who seems warm and kind. He names himself as Travis, and tells them many stories about his adventures in the woods, such as meeting Dog-woman, an outcast angel. Joe and Annie travel far and wide searching for their mother. Soon they meet other outcasts in a traveling circus. Joe sells Annie and sets off for Manchester, where he meets a street gang. He becomes a member and stays with them for a while. They taught him about Manchester and he taught them how to use a sling. Suddenly, an epidemic spread through the gang. A member, called Lookout, becomes sick and soon dies.
<Mary_Chase_Walker>	Mary Chase Walker, Mrs. Morse (1828 – May 17, 1899) was an American schoolteacher, pioneer, and suffragette. In 1865 she became the first school teacher at Mason Street Schoolhouse, the first public school to be built in San Diego County, California. She recorded her Recollections of Early Times in San Diego in 1898.Walker was born in 1828 in Methuen, Massachusetts. At age 15 she worked as a teacher in Groton, New Hampshire, where she taught at a district school, boarding with families in the community. Her initial salary was $4. It increased substantially, to $400, after Walker graduated from The State Normal School (now Framingham State University) in Framingham, Massachusetts, in 1861. Her pay was soon cut in half due to the outbreak of the American Civil War.In April 1865, Walker left New York by steamer to travel to seek work in San Francisco. She suffered from sea sickness during the trip.  When she disembarked in San Francisco, Walker was told that the only position available to her was in San Diego.
<Sana_Althaf>	Sana Althaf is an Indian actress who works in Malayalam and Tamil films.She was born in Kochi, Kerala to Althaf and Shameena Althaf. She attended Bhavan's Adarsha Vidyalaya in Kochi. She was a TV host before starting an acting career. She made her movie debut playing Dulquer Salman's sister in Vikramadithyan. She got the role through her aunt Sajna Najam. She then played the female lead, Salomi in Mariyam Mukku, opposite Fahadh Faazil and was also seen as a trekker in Rani Padmini. She made her Tamil debut through Chennai 600028 II: Second Innings playing Anuradha. She then acted alongside Farhan Faazil in Basheerinte Premalekhanam as Suhra. She was then seen in Odiyan were she played Meenakshi, sister of Manju Warrier. She was then seen in Tamil movies RK Nagar and Pancharaksharam.
<Sulley_Muntari>	Suleyman Ali "Sulley" Muntari (born 27 August 1984) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays for Ghana Premier League side Hearts of Oak. During his time with Internazionale, he helped the team win the Champions League in 2009–10 and the Serie A title in 2008–09 and 2009–10. He was also part of the Portsmouth team that won the FA Cup in 2007–08. After becoming a full international in 2002, Muntari earned over 80 caps for the Ghana national team and was selected for two Africa Cup of Nations tournaments and three FIFA World Cups.
<Mavis_Leno>	Mavis Elizabeth Nicholson Leno (born September 5, 1946) is an American philanthropist and wife of Jay Leno, the former host of The Tonight Show.A leading feminist in California, in the United States as a whole, and internationally, Leno keeps a low profile in comparison to her husband, choosing instead to work behind the scenes of the non-profit, politically charged groups she supports and runs.Leno has been the chair of the Feminist Majority Foundation's Campaign to Stop Gender Apartheid in Afghanistan since 1997. In 1999, Leno and her husband donated $100,000 to the organization, to further the cause of educating the public about the plight of Afghan women under the Taliban. The organization successfully protested the construction of an oil pipeline through Afghanistan, which could potentially have brought in billions of dollars to the Taliban. According to Melissa Rossi, Leno was a driving force in changing the opinion of U.S. President Bill Clinton and the executives of the now defunct oil company Unocal Corporation concerning the Taliban, after Leno had shed light on the group's treatment of women.
<A._Bhimsingh>	A. Bhimsingh or Bhim Singh (1924–1978) was an Indian filmmaker who worked predominantly in Tamil cinema. Apart from Tamil, he made films in other languages that include 18 films in Hindi, 8 films in Telugu, 5 films in Malayalam and 1 film in Kannada. Hailing from Andhra Pradesh, he started his film career as an assistant editor with the film-making duo Krishnan–Panju in the late 1940s. Later, he became an assistant director before evolving as an independent director. His films mainly dealt with family and relationships. He made a series of films all of which started with the Tamil syllable pa, mainly with Sivaji Ganesan.Bhimsingh was married to Sona, sister of Krishnan, in 1949. He had eight children with her; one of his eight children, B. Lenin is a film editor, and another son of his, B. Kannan, is a cinematographer, who is known for his frequent collaborations with many of Bharathiraja. Later, Bhimsingh's eldest son Naren married Panju's daughter. Bhimsingh was also married to actress Sukumari in 1959 and has a son Suresh Bhimsingh.
<Jnanpith_Award>	The Jnanpith Award is the oldest and the highest Indian literary award presented annually by the Bharatiya Jnanpith to an author for their "outstanding contribution towards literature". Instituted in 1961, the award is bestowed only on Indian writers writing in Indian languages included in the Eighth Schedule to the Constitution of India and English, with no posthumous conferral.From 1965 till 1981, the award was given to the authors for their "most outstanding work" and consisted of a citation plaque, a cash prize and a bronze replica of Saraswati, the Hindu goddess of knowledge and wisdom. The first recipient of the award was the Malayalam writer G. Sankara Kurup who received the award in 1965 for his collection of poems, Odakkuzhal (The Bamboo Flute), published in 1950. The rules were revised in subsequent years to consider only works published during the preceding twenty years, excluding the year for which the award was to be given and the cash prize was increased to ₹1.5 lakh (equivalent to ₹26 lakh or US$33,000 in 2020) from 1981.
<R._Siva_Kumar>	Raman Siva Kumar (born 3 December 1956), known as R. Siva Kumar, is an Indian contemporary art historian, art critic, and curator. His major research has been in the area of early Indian modernism with special focus on the Santiniketan School. He has written several important books, lectured widely on modern Indian art and contributed articles to prestigious international projects such as the Art Journal, Grove Art Online or The Dictionary of Art, Oxford University Press.He was awarded the Kesari puraskaram for art writing by the Lalit Kala Akademi, Kerala in 2010.He has also curated major exhibitions like Santiniketan: The Making of a Contextual Modernism, and The Last Harvest : Paintings of Rabindranath Tagore and retrospectives of important Indian artists, such as Rabindranath Tagore, Benode Behari Mukherjee(co-curated with Ghulam Mohammed Sheikh), K. G. Subramanyan.He also has co-curated an exhibition titled "Tryst with Destiny" for the Singapore Art Museum to mark the 50 years of Indian Independence and served as a curatorial adviser for Rhythms of India: The Art of Nandalal Bose curated by Sonia Rhie Quintanilla for the San Diego Museum of Art.
<Hartford,_Connecticut>	Hartford is the capital city of the U.S. state of Connecticut. It was the seat of Hartford County until Connecticut disbanded county government in 1960. It is the core city in the Greater Hartford metropolitan area. Census estimates since the 2010 United States census have indicated that Hartford is the fourth-largest city in Connecticut with a 2020 population of 121,054, behind the coastal cities of Bridgeport, New Haven, and Stamford.Hartford was founded in 1635 and is among the oldest cities in the United States. It is home to the country's oldest public art museum (Wadsworth Atheneum), the oldest publicly funded park (Bushnell Park), the oldest continuously published newspaper (the Hartford Courant), and the second-oldest secondary school (Hartford Public High School). It is also home to the Mark Twain House, where the author wrote his most famous works and raised his family, among other historically significant sites. Mark Twain wrote in 1868, "Of all the beautiful towns it has been my fortune to see this is the chief."
<Rupert_Sanders>	Rupert Miles Sanders (born 16 March 1971) is an English film director. He has directed the movies Snow White and the Huntsman (2012) and Ghost in the Shell (2017). In 2021, he directed the pilot episode of the Apple TV+ science fiction series Foundation.Sanders was born in Westminster, London, the eldest son of Thalia (née Garlick) and hospital ophthalmologist Michael Sanders. After a foundation year at Kingston School of Art he graduated with a degree in graphic design from Central St Martins.
<Swindon_Town_F.C.>	Swindon Town Football Club is a professional football club based in Swindon, Wiltshire, England. The team currently competes in EFL League Two, the fourth tier of the English football league system. The club has played home matches at the County Ground since 1896, which now boasts a capacity of 15,547. Known as the "lucas's", their home colours are red and white. Hall of Fame inductee John Trollope played 770 league games for the club between 1960 and 1980, a professional record in English football.Founded as Swindon AFC in 1879, they became Spartans the next year, before finally settling on the name Swindon Town in 1883. The club turned professional in 1894 as a founding member of the Southern League, later also entering the Western League between 1897 and 1902. They were crowned Western League champions in 1898–99 and Southern League champions in 1910–11 and 1913–14, before they were elected into the Football League in 1920. They remained in the third tier for 43 years, finally securing promotion into the Second Division in 1962–63, where they remained for just two seasons. They lifted the League Cup after beating Arsenal in the 1969 final, and went on to secure promotion at the end of the 1968–69 season with the help of talismanic winger Don Rogers. Relegated again in 1973–74, they dropped into the fourth tier for the first time at the end of the 1981–82 season.
<Meeth_Halt_railway_station>	Opened in 1925, Meeth Halt was a small railway station on the North Devon and Cornwall Junction Light Railway, a private line until it became part of the Southern Region of British Railways in 1948. The line was built in part over a narrow gauge line that was used from 1881 to take ball clay from claypits at Marland and Meeth to Torrington, which was until 1925 the terminus of a branch from Barnstaple.The line was closed to passenger traffic in 1965 as part of the Beeching proposals, but remained open for freight from the Meeth clay workings north of Meeth Halt through Torrington to Barnstaple until 1982. The station consisted of a simple short concrete platform and a stone shelter and remains as a recognisable landmark on the Tarka Trail, a very popular destination for long-distance walkers and cyclists. As a result it is in the process of a major renovation.
<Peter_Wright>	Peter Wright may refer to:
<Frances_Reid>	Frances Reid (December 9, 1914 – February 3, 2010) was an American  dramatic actress. Reid acted on television for nearly all of the second half of the 20th century. Her career continued into the early 2000s.Although she starred in many productions, she is best known for her portrayal of Alice Horton on the NBC daytime soap opera Days of Our Lives from its debut in November 1965 until 2007. At the time of her death, she ranked fifth on the all-time list of longest-serving soap opera actors in the United States.
<Alexandre_Borges>	Alexandre Borges Corrêa (born 23 February 1966) is a Brazilian actor. He is known for his work in Brazilian telenovelas.While filming Guerra Sem Fim (1993), Borges began a relationship with actress Júlia Lemmertz. He was married to her in 1993 and they have a son, Miguel (born 2000). They divorced in 2015.Alexandre Borges at IMDb
<ITV_plc>	ITV plc is a British media company that holds 13 of the 15 regional television licences that make up the ITV network (Channel 3), the oldest and largest commercial terrestrial television network in the United Kingdom.ITV plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
<Fiat_Siena>	The Fiat Siena is a subcompact car produced by the Italian manufacturer Fiat from 1996 to 2022. It is the four-door sedan version of the Fiat Palio, a supermini car especially designed for developing countries. It was introduced for the first time in South America, and was produced in various countries worldwide. Later, in 2002, a similar car based on the same platform was developed for the European market, the Fiat Albea. It replaced the Siena in these European markets, such as Poland and Turkey, where the original model was previously sold.In 2012, Fiat released the second generation of the Siena, called the Fiat Grand Siena.
<Robert_A._Martienssen>	Robert Anthony Martienssen (born December 21, 1960) is a British plant biologist, Howard Hughes Medical Institute–Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation investigator, and professor at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, US.Robert Martienssen attended Emmanuel College, Cambridge, completing his BA in 1982 and continuing on to his PhD in 1986 on the molecular genetics of alpha-amylase gene families in common wheat, supervised by David Baulcombe. He received an EMBO postdoctoral fellowship to travel to the University of California, Berkeley where he was a postdoctoral researcher with Michael Freeling from 1986-1988 where he showed that changes methylation of transposons could be associated with genetically heritable changes in the phenotype of corn plants. In 1989 he was hired as a principal investigator at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory.Martienssen has made major discoveries relating to the way plants control the expression of their genes. Working with maize, yeast and the weed Arabidopsis, he focuses on the chemical modifications to DNA that determine which genes are active — a process known as epigenetics.
<Mercedes-Benz_W116>	The  Mercedes-Benz W116 is a series of flagship luxury sedans produced from September 1972 until 1980. The W116 automobiles were the first Mercedes-Benz models to be officially called S-Class, although earlier sedan models had already unofficially been designated with the letter 'S' – for Sonderklasse or "special class." The W116 was selected European Car of the Year in 1974.The 'new' S-class generation development began in 1966, which was only a year after the launch of the W108/09. This was the first Mercedes saloon to feature the brand new corporate styling theme which was to be continued until 1993 when the 190 was discontinued. The design, finalized in December 1969 was a dramatic leap forward, with more masculine lines that combined to create an elegant and sporty character. The basic design concept carried through the themes originally introduced on the R107 SL-Class roadster, especially the front and rear lights. As for the SL, the W116 received the ridged lamp covers which kept dirt accumulation at bay; this was to remain a Mercedes-Benz design theme into the 21st century. The W116 was Friedrich Geiger's last design for Mercedes-Benz; his career had started with the Mercedes-Benz 500K in 1933.The car was presented in September 1972. The model range initially included two versions of the M110 engine (straight-six with 2746 cc displacement) — the 280 S (using a Solex carburetor) and the 280 SE (using Bosch D-Jetronic injection), plus the 350 SE, powered by the M116 engine (V8 with 3499 cc displacement). After the 1973 oil crisis, a long-wheelbase 280 SEL was added to the model range.
<Frank_D._White>	Frank Durward White (born Durward Frank Kyle Jr.; June 4, 1933 – May 21, 2003) was an American banker and politician who served as the 41st governor of Arkansas. He served a single two-year term from 1981 to 1983.White was born on June 4, 1933, in Texarkana in Bowie County, Texas, as Durward Frank Kyle Jr. His father, Durward Frank Kyle, died when White was seven, and White's mother, the former Ida Bottoms Clark, married Loftin E. White of Highland Park, Texas. He took his stepfather's name and became "Frank Durward White". After the death of the stepfather in 1950, the Whites returned to Texarkana. One of his first missions in the Air Force, in 1957, was to fly members of the 101st Airborne Division from Kentucky to Little Rock in the Little Rock Integration Crisis. White was discharged from the Air Force in 1961 with the rank of Captain.During this time, White would serve as the first director of the Little Rock Port Authority from 1972 to 1973.
<Craig_Melvin>	Craig Delano Melvin (born May 20, 1979) is an American broadcast journalist and anchor at NBC News and MSNBC. In August 2018, he became a news anchor on NBC's Today and, in October 2018, a co-host of Today Third Hour before being made permanent in January 2019.Craig Delano Melvin was born on May 20, 1979, in Columbia, South Carolina, to Lawrence and Betty Melvin. He has a younger brother, Ryan Melvin, and an older half-brother, Rev. Lawrence Meadows, who died from colon cancer on December 9, 2020 at the age of 43.
<Gustin_Nash>	Gustin Nash is an American screenwriter best known for writing the 2007 film Charlie Bartlett and the 2010 film Youth in Revolt.Nash began writing the screenplay for Charlie Bartlett when he was 26 years old and working at a mall in Burbank, California. He spent time with a group of teenagers through to thirty-year-olds—the "sub-culture of the mall"—watching films and playing video games, and noticed the discrepancies between the teenagers' behavior and the way they were portrayed in the teen films they saw. He had attended the University of Southern California to learn screenwriting and had already written nine as-yet unsuccessful spec scripts. He went to his father, a psychiatrist, and told him that he was unsure of whether he could become a successful screenwriter in the film industry. His father advised him to create a list of everything he hoped to accomplish, and write next to each "You can do it". That night, he dreamed of a character who remained optimistic and whose mantra was "You can do it"; he says the entire film came to him in one night, and he had completed the Charlie Bartlett screenplay in four weeks after observing his teenage friends further for inspiration.
<Meeting_Point>	Meeting Point (Chinese: 匯點) was a liberal political organisation and party in Hong Kong formed by a group of former student activists in the 1970s and intellectuals for the discussion for the Sino-British negotiation on the question of Hong Kong prospect in 1983. It was one of the earliest groups in Hong Kong that favoured Chinese sovereignty over Hong Kong but wanted a free, democratic and autonomous Hong Kong.It emerged as one of the leading pro-democracy groups in the 1980s and was one of the two predecessors of today's Democratic Party, into which it was merged in 1994.It was founded on 9 January 1983 by a group of former student activists active in the 1970s and intellectuals, many of which were graduates of the University of Hong Kong. With Lau Nai-keung the founding Chairman and Yeung Sum the Vice-Chairman, the group stressed the autonomous government of "Hong Kong people ruling Hong Kong" under the Chinese sovereignty in the midst of the Sino-British negotiations over Hong Kong sovereignty after 1997, which was a minor opinion at the time the mainstream opinion overwhelmingly supported British rule. Its support for peaceful reunification with China attracted Beijing's support.
<BMW_3_Series_(E36)>	The third generation of the BMW 3 Series range of compact executive cars is designated under the model code E36, and was produced by the German automaker BMW from 1990 to 2000. The initial models were of the four-door sedan body style, followed by the coupe, convertible, wagon ("Touring"), hatchback ("Compact"), and the rare four-door convertible Baur TC4 in later years.The E36 was the first 3 Series to be offered in a hatchback body style. It was also the first 3 Series to be available with a six-speed manual transmission (in the 1996 M3), a five-speed automatic transmission, and a four-cylinder diesel engine. The multi-link rear suspension was also a significant upgrade as compared to the previous generations of the 3 Series. All-wheel drive was not available for the E36, unlike the previous (E30) and successive (E46) generations.
<Patricia_Duff>	Patricia Duff (born Patricia Michelle Orr; April 12, 1954) is an American political activist, and a fundraiser for political and philanthropic causes.She has participated in campaigns involving politicians and business people.She has a BSFS degree, and studied political science at Georgetown University.
<Venkatraman_Ramakrishnan>	Venkatraman Ramakrishnan  (born 1952) is an Indian-born British and American structural biologist who shared the 2009 Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Thomas A. Steitz and Ada Yonath, "for studies of the structure and function of the ribosome".Since 1999, he has worked as a group leader at the Medical Research Council (MRC) Laboratory of Molecular Biology (LMB) on the Cambridge Biomedical Campus, UK and is a Fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge. He served as  President of the Royal Society from 2015 to 2020.
<Andrey_Kapitsa>	Andrey Petrovich Kapitsa (Russian: Андре́й Петро́вич Капи́ца; 9 July 1931 – 2 August 2011) was a Soviet and Russian geographer and Antarctic explorer, discoverer of Lake Vostok, the largest subglacial lake in Antarctica. He was a member of the Kapitsa family, a scientific dynasty in Russia.Kapitsa was the first to suggest the existence of Lake Vostok in the region of Vostok Station in Antarctica, based on seismic soundings of the thickness of the Antarctic ice sheet. These measures were obtained during the Soviet Antarctic Expeditions, in four of which Kapitsa participated. The discovery of Lake Vostok was one of the last major geographic discoveries.
<Ahmad_Bashir>	Ahmad Bashir (Punjabi, Urdu: احمد بشیر;  March 24, 1923 – December 25, 2004) was a writer, journalist, intellectual and film director from Pakistan. He was the father of leading television artists Bushra Ansari, Asma Abbas, Sumbal Shahid and poet & author Neelam Ahmad Bashir and son Humayun Sheikh.Begum Parveen Atif, also an Urdu short story writer, columnist, travelogue writer in Urdu and Punjabi, was his sister. His wife Mehmooda was his partner since 1947.
<Claster_Television>	Claster Television, Inc. was a Baltimore, Maryland–based television distributor founded in 1953 by Bertram H. (Bert) Claster  and Nancy Claster (Goldman) as Romper Room Inc. It was originally a producer of the children's show Romper Room, one of the first preschool children's programs.Romper Room was fairly successful in its early years. CBS offered to pick up the show, but the Clasters instead decided to syndicate and franchise it, by taping episodes and selling the tapes to local stations or giving the option to local stations to produce their own version of the show.In 1969, Hasbro bought Romper Room Inc. and renamed it Claster Television Productions. Throughout the 1970s, Claster continued to make Romper Room and did not distribute anything else until 1978 when it brought the anime Star Blazers into the United States. It also developed the television series Bowling for Dollars.
<Levi_Woodbury>	Levi Woodbury (December 22, 1789 – September 4, 1851) was an American attorney, jurist, and Democratic politician from New Hampshire. During a four-decade career in public office, Woodbury served as Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, a United States Senator, the ninth governor of New Hampshire, and cabinet member in the Andrew Jackson and Martin Van Buren administrations. He was promoted as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States in 1848.Born in Francestown, New Hampshire, he established a legal practice in Francestown in 1812. After serving in the New Hampshire Senate, he was appointed to the New Hampshire Supreme Court in 1817. He served as Governor of New Hampshire from 1823 to 1824 and represented New Hampshire in the Senate from 1825 to 1831, becoming affiliated with the Democratic Party of Andrew Jackson. He served as the United States Secretary of the Navy under President Jackson and as the United States Secretary of the Treasury under Jackson and President Martin Van Buren.
<Saint-Maurice,_Lille>	Coordinates: 50°38′08.9″N 03°04′01.7″E﻿ / ﻿50.635806°N 3.067139°E﻿ / 50.635806; 3.067139The Église Saint-Maurice is a church on rue de Paris, in the historic centre of Lille, northern France. Its construction began at the end of the 14th century and completed at the end of the 19th century, and it was extended over more than four centuries. A hall church in the Gothic style, it was made a monument historique in 1914. Media related to Église Saint-Maurice de Lille at Wikimedia Commons
<Arthur_B._Shostak>	Arthur B. Shostak (born May 11, 1937), is an American sociologist and futurist, and former professor of sociology at Drexel University. His research areas include futuristics, the history and future of the American work force, organized labor, industrial sociology, the management and social implications of modern technology, and Holocaust/Shoah scholarship.Born in Brooklyn, New York, in 1937, Shostak received his Bachelor of Science degree in Industrial and Labor Relations at Cornell University in 1958. In 1961, he received his Ph.D. in Industrial Sociology at Princeton and began teaching at Wharton School of Finance and Commerce at the University of Pennsylvania until 1967. He became professor of sociology at Drexel where he taught courses on the effects of technology, industrial and urban sociology, and race and ethnic relations. In 1975 he began serving as an adjunct sociologist with the National Labor College and AFL-CIO George Meany Center for Labor Studies until 2000. Alongside professorship, he was director of the Drexel University Center for Employment. He was also a longtime participant in the World Future Society of futurists where he headed the Philadelphia chapter until 2003. In 2003, Shostak retired from Drexel.In 2006, he began work as a Holocaust Scholar, and in 2017, he published "Stealth Altruism: Forbidden care as Jewish resistance in the Holocaust." Shostak continues to offer lectures and webinars on the subject.Shostak's articles and books investigate a wide range of topics, all of which are mostly future oriented. Such topics include childhood and adolescent education, globalization, foreign policy, war and peace, information technology, bio, nano, and space technology, labor movements, utopias, and Holocaust/Shoah scholarship.
<Erland_Josephson>	Erland Josephson (Swedish pronunciation: [ˈæ̌ːɭand ˈjûːsɛfˌsɔn]; 15 June 1923 – 25 February 2012) was a Swedish actor and author. He was best known by international audiences for his work in films directed by Ingmar Bergman, Andrei Tarkovsky and Theodoros Angelopoulos.Josephson was born on the island of Kungsholmen, in Stockholm, Sweden, as the son of Maud Ellen Gabrielle (née Boheman) and Gunnar August Josephson, a bookseller of Jewish descent, in 1923. His uncle (mother's brother) was diplomat Erik Boheman, and his maternal great-grandfather was entomologist Carl Henrik Boheman.
<Cookie_Jar_Group>	Cookie Jar Entertainment Inc. (also known as Cookie Jar Group and originally known as CINAR; renamed as DHX Cookie Jar Inc. from 2012 until 2014, or simply just Cookie Jar) was a Canadian media production and distribution company owned by DHX Media. The company was first established in 1976 as CINAR Films Inc., a Montreal-based studio that was heavily involved in children's entertainment. The company's business model, which included the licensing of its properties into educational markets, had a significant impact on its success; by 1999, CINAR held CDN$1.5 billion of the overall children's television market.In the 2000s, CINAR became the subject of multiple business scandals, including accusations that the company had used offshore accounts to transfer money out of the company, had plagiarized the concept of one of its series, and had obfuscated the involvement of U.S. screenwriters in its productions in order to continue receiving Canadian tax credits for domestic productions. Over a decade later, these scandals would result in criminal charges, convictions, and fines for four suspects, which included two executives at the company - co-founder Ronald A. Weinberg and chief financial officer Hasanain Panju.
<Lyman_J._Gage>	Lyman Judson Gage (June 28, 1836 – January 26, 1927) was an American financier and Presidential Cabinet officer.He was born in DeRuyter, New York, educated at an academy in Rome, New York, and at the age of 17 became a bank clerk. In 1853 he moved to Chicago, served for three years as bookkeeper, and in 1858 entered the Merchants Loan and Trust Company, where he was cashier in 1861–1868. Afterwards he became successively assistant cashier, vice-president, and president of the First National Bank of Chicago, one of the strongest financial institutions in the Midwestern United States.
<I.DE.A_Institute>	I.DE.A Institute (acronym, Institute of Development in Automotive Engineering) was an automobile design and engineering company in Turin, Italy, founded in 1978. The Rieter Holding Ltd took full control of the company in 2002. In 2010, Rieter sold the company to the Swiss investment group Quantum Kapital AG.The company was liquidated in 2019.Ferrari 408 4RM, 1987
<David_Caiado>	David Caiado Dias (born 2 May 1987), known as Caiado, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Académica de Coimbra as a winger.After starting out at Sporting CP, he went to compete professionally – his own notwithstanding – in six countries.
<Beatrice_Colen>	Beatrice Colen (January 10, 1948 – November 18, 1999) was an American television and film actress. Her most famous roles were Marsha Simms on Happy Days and Etta Candy on Wonder Woman.Colen was born to Anne and Bruce D Colen in New York City, New York. Both of her parents were of German Jewish descent. She was the granddaughter of playwright George S. Kaufman.Starting in the 1970s, Colen landed roles early in her career in both film and television. On Happy Days, she starred as Milwaukee carhop Marsha Simms in seasons 1-3 and 5.
<Kenichi_Fukui>	Kenichi Fukui (福井 謙一, Fukui Ken'ichi, October 4, 1918 – January 9, 1998) was a Japanese chemist, known as the first Asian person to be awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.Fukui was co-recipient of the 1981 Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Roald Hoffmann, for their independent investigations into the mechanisms of chemical reactions. Fukui's prize-winning work focused on the role of frontier orbitals in chemical reactions: specifically that molecules share loosely bonded electrons which occupy the frontier orbitals, that is, the Highest Occupied Molecular Orbital (HOMO) and the Lowest Unoccupied Molecular Orbital (LUMO).Fukui was the eldest of three sons of Ryokichi Fukui, a foreign trade merchant, and Chie Fukui. He was born in Nara, Japan. In his student days between 1938 and 1941, Fukui's interest was stimulated by quantum mechanics and Erwin Schrödinger's famous equation. He also had developed the belief that a breakthrough in science occurs through the unexpected fusion of remotely related fields.
<Big_Love>	Big Love is an American drama television series that aired on HBO from March 12, 2006 to March 20, 2011. It stars Bill Paxton as the patriarch of a fundamentalist Mormon family in contemporary Utah that practices polygamy, with Jeanne Tripplehorn, Chloë Sevigny, and Ginnifer Goodwin portraying his wives. The series charts the family's life in and out of the public sphere in their Salt Lake City suburb, as well as their associations with a fundamentalist compound in the area. It features key supporting performances from Amanda Seyfried, Grace Zabriskie, Daveigh Chase, Matt Ross, Mary Kay Place, Bruce Dern, Melora Walters, and Harry Dean Stanton.The series premiered in the United States on March 12, 2006, following the sixth-season premiere of the HBO series The Sopranos. Big Love was a success for HBO, running for five seasons before concluding its run on March 20, 2011.Big Love received widespread critical acclaim, and earned several major awards and nominations throughout its run. The third season was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series, and the first three were nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series - Drama. For acting, Chloë Sevigny won a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress in the series' third season, and Bill Paxton was nominated three times for his leading role. At the Emmys, Ellen Burstyn, Bruce Dern, Mary Kay Place, and Sissy Spacek were all nominated for their recurring roles, while the series' creators Mark V. Olsen and Will Scheffer won the Writers Guild of America Award for Television: Episodic Drama.
<Breaking_India>	Breaking India: Western Interventions in Dravidian and Dalit Faultlines (Amaryllis, 2011) is a book written by Rajiv Malhotra and Aravindan Neelakandan which argues that India's integrity is being undermined by the support of western institutions for the Dravidian movement and Dalit identity. 
<Australia_Prize>	The Australia Prize was Australia's pre-eminent prize for scientific research from 1990 until 2000, when it was replaced by the Prime Minister's Prizes for Science. The award was international, 10 of the 28 recipients were not Australians.
<James_Campbell_Matthews>	James Campbell Matthews (November 6, 1844—November 1, 1930) was an Albany, New York attorney and judge.  He was notable as the first African American law school graduate in New York.  He was elected a municipal judge in the late 1890s, which was the highest judicial office attained by an African-American up to that time.James C. Matthews was born in New Haven, Connecticut on November 6, 1844.  His father was a barber, and the family moved to Albany when James Matthews was a boy.  His parents died in 1861, and Matthews was raised by Lydia Mott and Phebe Jones, two Albany anti-slavery activists who later worked in support of racial integration.Though Albany's schools were segregated, Matthews succeeded in attending the public schools attended by white students.  He then won a scholarship to The Albany Academy, and succeeded in winning acceptance despite objections "by canting hypocrytes in the Republican fold."  Matthews was a stellar student who won Best English Essay and the Beck Literary Medal, graduating in 1864.
<Charlottesville,_Virginia>	Charlottesville, colloquially known as C'ville, is an independent city in the Commonwealth of Virginia. It is the county seat of Albemarle County, which surrounds the city, though the two are separate legal entities. It is named after Queen Charlotte. At the 2020 census, the population was 46,553. The Bureau of Economic Analysis combines the City of Charlottesville with Albemarle County for statistical purposes, bringing its population to approximately 150,000. Charlottesville is the heart of the Charlottesville metropolitan area, which includes Albemarle, Buckingham, Fluvanna, Greene, and Nelson counties.Charlottesville was the home of two presidents, Thomas Jefferson and James Monroe. During their terms as Governor of Virginia, they lived in Charlottesville, and traveled to and from Richmond, along the 71-mile (114 km) historic Three Notch'd Road. Orange, located 26 miles (42 km) northeast of the city, was the hometown of President James Madison. The University of Virginia, founded by Jefferson, straddles the city's southwestern border. Jefferson's home,  Monticello, 3 miles (5 km) southeast of the city, is, along with the University of Virginia, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, attracting thousands of tourists every year.
<British_Leyland>	British Leyland was an automotive engineering and manufacturing conglomerate formed in the United Kingdom in 1968 as British Leyland Motor Corporation Ltd (BLMC), following the merger of Leyland Motors and British Motor Holdings. It was partly nationalised in 1975, when the UK government created a holding company called British Leyland, later renamed BL in 1978. It incorporated much of the British-owned motor vehicle industry, which in 1968 had a 40 percent share of the UK car market, with its history going back to 1895.Despite containing profitable marques such as Jaguar, Rover and Land Rover, as well as the best-selling Mini, BLMC had a troubled history, leading to its eventual collapse in 1975 and subsequent part-nationalisation.
<The_Politically_Incorrect_Guide_to_Islam_(And_the_Crusades)>	Robert Bruce Spencer (born 1962) is an American anti-Muslim author and blogger, and one of the key figures of the counter-jihad movement. His published books include two New York Times bestsellers.In 2003 he founded and has since directed a blog that tracks what he considers Islamic extremism, known as Jihad Watch. He co-founded the anti-Muslim group Stop Islamization of America with blogger and far-right conspiracy theorist Pamela Geller. Reports that two of Spencer's books were listed in FBI training materials and that he had given seminars to various law enforcement units in the United States stirred controversy. He has frequently appeared on Fox News.  In 2013 the UK Home Office barred Spencer from travel to the UK for three to five years for "making statements  that may foster hatred that might lead to inter-community violence".
<Brad_Hall>	William Bradford Hall (born March 21, 1958) is an American actor, comedian and filmmaker. He is best known as a Weekend Update news anchor on Saturday Night Live and for creating the sitcoms The Single Guy and Watching Ellie.Hall was a producer, writer, and director on the Golden Globe winning sitcom Brooklyn Bridge, for which he received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination. He has appeared in various motion pictures, most notably the 1986 cult classic Troll and as Nancy Allen's boyfriend in 1990's Limit Up. In 2012, he directed Picture Paris, which appeared at the Tribeca Film Festival. He also has guest-starred on series such as Parks and Recreation, Brooklyn Nine-Nine, and Curb Your Enthusiasm.
<Cinedigm>	Cinedigm Corp. is an American entertainment company headquartered in Los Angeles, California. Cinedigm's businesses encompass digital cinema, streaming channels, content marketing, and distribution.Cinedigm Corp was founded in 2000 under the name Access IT Digital Media, Inc., through a group led by Bud Mayo. Mayo directed Cinedigm until his retirement in 2010, and subsequently founded Digital Cinema Destinations Corp. In September 2013, the company changed its name to Cinedigm Corp. In January 2011, Chris McGurk became the new chairman and CEO.
<Progressive_Conservative_Party_of_Canada>	Provincial partiesProvincial parties
<Vicarious_Visions>	Blizzard Albany (formerly Vicarious Visions, Inc.) is an American video game developer based in Albany, New York. The studio was acquired by Activision in January 2005. After releasing its last game as part of that company, Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 1 + 2, Vicarious Visions became part of Activision's sister company Blizzard Entertainment in January 2021 and was merged into it in April 2022, thereby being renamed Blizzard Albany.The studio was founded by brothers Karthik and Guha Bala in 1991 while they were in high school. In the late 1990s, Vicarious Visions appointed Michael Marvin, an Albany-based investor and entrepreneur, and founder and former CEO of MapInfo Corporation; and Charles S. Jones, investor, who sat on the boards of various software and industrial companies including Geac and PSDI, to its board of directors. Under their leadership, a sale of the company was negotiated to Activision, earning the original investors over 20x their initial investment.[citation needed] In January 2005, Vicarious Visions was acquired by publisher Activision. In June 2007, Activision closed the Vicarious Visions' office in Mountain View, California. On April 5, 2016, the Bala brothers announced that they had left the company. The brothers then founded Velan Studios in November 2016.
<Perdido_(song)>	"Perdido" is a jazz standard composed by Juan Tizol that was recorded on December 3, 1941 by Duke Ellington. However,  it is the January 21, 1942, recording of the song on the Victor label by the Ellington orchestra, of which Tizol was a member, that is regarded as the original recording. In 1944, Ervin Drake and Hans Lengsfelder were hired to write lyrics for the song."Perdido" is Spanish and means lost, but also sloppy or indecent. The song refers to Perdido Street in New Orleans."Perdido" was not usually sung with the Ellington band, the exception being Ella Fitzgerald on her 1957 album Ella Fitzgerald Sings the Duke Ellington Songbook.
<Burgos_CF>	Burgos Club de Fútbol, S.A.D. is a Spanish football team based in Burgos, in the autonomous community of Castile and León. Founded in 1985, it started to play in 1994. It currently plays in Segunda División, holding home matches at the Estadio El Plantío, with a capacity of 12,646.Burgos CF was founded in 1922, also known as Gimnástica Burgalesa Club de Fútbol. In 1983, the side disappeared due to serious economic problems and the reserve team, Burgos Promesas, was renamed Real Burgos Club de Fútbol.The side participated three seasons in the national top flight but, shortly after its 1993 relegation, ceased in activity, and Burgos CF was immediately refounded.
<Plaza_del_Mercado_de_Ponce>	Plaza del Mercado de Ponce (English: Ponce Market Plaza) or, formally, Plaza del Mercado Isabel Segunda (often abbreviated as Plaza del Mercado Isabel II), is a historic marketplace building in Ponce, Puerto Rico. It was inaugurated in 1863 by Ponce Mayor Don Luis de Quixano. Designed by famed engineer Timoteo Luberza, it occupies a city block in the Ponce Historic Zone at the grid formed by Calle Atocha, Estrella, Leon, and Castillo streets. It has room for 65 kiosks. It was originally called Plaza del Capá.The building was erected from plans by Timoteo Luberza in 1863, who modeled it after Les Halles, the market of Paris in France. At the time it was built, it was the largest and most modern marketplace in Puerto Rico. It has undergone four major additions and/or remodelings since then: in 1903, 1941, 1980–89, and 2006.
<EastEnders>	EastEnders is a British soap opera created by Julia Smith and Tony Holland which has been broadcast on BBC One since February 1985. Set in the fictional borough of Walford in the East End of London, the programme follows the stories of local residents and their families as they go about their daily lives. Within eight months of the show's original launch, it had reached the number one spot in BARB's television ratings and has consistently remained among the top-rated series in Britain. Four EastEnders episodes are listed in the all-time top 10 most-watched programmes in the UK, including the number one spot when over 30 million watched the 1986 Christmas Day episode. EastEnders has been important in the history of British television drama, tackling many subjects that are considered to be controversial or taboo in British culture, and portraying a social life previously unseen on UK mainstream television.Since co-creator Holland was from a large family in the East End, a theme heavily featured in EastEnders is strong families and each character is supposed to have their own place in the fictional community. The Beales, Brannings, Mitchells, Slaters and the Watts are some of the families that have been central to the soap's notable and dramatic storylines. EastEnders has been filmed at the BBC Elstree Centre since its inception, with a set that is outdoors and open to weather. In 2014, the BBC announced plans to rebuild the set entirely. Filming commenced on the new set in January 2022 and it was first used on-screen in March 2022. Demolition on the old set commenced in November 2022.
<Manuel_da_Costa_(footballer)>	Manuel da Costa may refer to:
<Karyn_Bosnak>	Karyn E. Bosnak (born September 24, 1974) is an American author of two published books: Save Karyn and 20 Times a Lady, the latter of which became the movie "What's Your Number?" starring Anna Faris and Chris Evans.Karyn Bosnak was born in Chicago, Illinois. After briefly attending the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign, she received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Columbia College Chicago in 1996. She currently resides in the Brooklyn neighborhood of Cobble Hill.After spending much of her early career as a daytime television talk-show producer, Bosnak moved from Chicago to New York in 2000. After quickly running up $20,000 of shopping-induced credit card debt, Bosnak lost her job and found herself unable to pay it back. In June 2002, she started savekaryn.com, a humorous albeit controversial website on which she brazenly asked strangers to help pay it off. The website garnered international media attention and worked; Bosnak paid off her debt in twenty weeks.
<Charles_Oatley>	Sir Charles William Oatley OBE, FRS FREng (14 February 1904 – 11 March 1996) was Professor of Electrical Engineering, University of Cambridge, 1960–1971, and developer of one of the first commercial scanning electron microscopes. He was also a founder member of the Royal Academy of Engineering.He was born in Frome on Valentine's Day, 14 February 1904.  A plaque has been placed on the house at the junction of Badcox Parade and Catherine Hill.
<Josiah_Royce>	Josiah Royce (/rɔɪs/; November 20, 1855 – September 14, 1916) was an American objective idealist philosopher and the founder of American idealism. His philosophical ideas included his version of personalism, defense of absolutism, idealism and his conceptualization of God.Royce's "A Word for the Times" (1914) was quoted in 1936 State of the Union Address by Franklin Delano Roosevelt: "The human race now passes through one of its great crises. New ideas, new issues – a new call for men to carry on the work of righteousness, of charity, of courage, of patience, and of loyalty. . . . I studied, I loved, I labored, unsparingly and hopefully, to be worthy of my generation."Royce is known as the only noted American philosopher who also studied and wrote history. His historical works mainly focused on the American West.
<Rafael_Márquez>	Rafael Márquez Álvarez (Spanish: [rafaˈel ˈmaɾkes] (listen); born 13 February 1979) is a Mexican former professional footballer and current head coach of Spanish team Barcelona Atlètic. Nicknamed El Káiser, he is regarded as the best defender in Mexico's history and one of the best Mexican players of all time.Márquez began his career with Atlas in 1996, playing in over 70 games with the club before moving to France in 1999 with Monaco, where he won the Ligue 1 title. In 2003, Márquez transferred to Barcelona, becoming the first ever Mexican to represent the club. He would go on to play in over 200 games during seven seasons with the Blaugrana, winning numerous championships. In 2006, he became the first Mexican player to win the UEFA Champions League when Barcelona defeated Arsenal in the final. In 2010, Márquez joined the New York Red Bulls of Major League Soccer. After being released from the club in 2012, he moved back to Mexico, this time to play for León, captaining the team to back-to-back Liga MX titles in 2013 and 2014. Márquez then transferred to Hellas Verona of the Italian Serie A. He returned to boyhood club Atlas in 2015, and announced his retirement from football in April 2018.
<A._W._Tillinghast>	Albert Warren "Tillie" Tillinghast (May 7, 1876 – May 19, 1942) was an American golf course architect. Tillinghast was one of the most prolific architects in the history of golf; he worked on more than 265 different courses. He was inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame in 2015.Tillinghast, along with William Flynn, George C. Thomas, Jr., Hugh Wilson, George Crump, and William Fownes together made up the "Philadelphia School" of golf course architecture. Together, the group designed over 300 courses, 27 of which are on in the top 100 golf courses in the world.Tillinghast was born in 1874 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the son of Benjamin Collins Tillinghast, owner of a rubber goods company there.  He lived with his wife Lillian in Beverly Hills, California, and died at his daughter's home in Toledo, Ohio, in 1942. He had two daughters, including Elsie May Tillinghast Brown (1898–1974).
<Nord_Aviation>	Nord-Aviation (English: Northern Aviation) was a state-owned French aircraft manufacturer. The bulk of its facilities were based on the site of Bourges airport, in the département of Cher, in central France.On 1 October 1954, Nord Aviation was created as a result of the acquisition of SFECMAS (Société française d'étude et de construction de matériels aéronautiques spéciaux) by SNCAN (Société nationale de constructions aéronautiques du Nord). The company's name, Nord, also became commonly used as a generic name referring to the Pingouin light aircraft. It manufactured numerous aircraft; perhaps Nord Aviation's most successful aircraft was the Nord Noratlas, a utility transport used by both military and civilian customers. Other aircraft included general aviation, trainers and experimental aircraft, as well as other transports. Nord Aviation also developed and produced its own range of missiles; perhaps the most famous of these was the Exocet, a sea-skimming anti-ship missile.On 1 March 1970, Nord Aviation merged with Sud Aviation to create Société nationale d'industrie aérospatiale (SNIAS), which was promptly renamed Aérospatiale. In 2000, this company merged into European Aerospace Corporation EADS, which was then renamed to the Airbus Group.
<What_Is_it_Like_to_Be_a_Bat?>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Horseshoe_Gaming_Holding_Corporation>	Horseshoe Gaming Holding Corporation was established in 1993 with its only asset being the rights to use the Horseshoe name on casinos.  The corporation was a private holding company mostly owned by Jack Binion.In 1994, the company acquired the Horseshoe Bossier City.  The following year it opened a second casino Horseshoe Casino Tunica.In 1999 the company grew more by acquiring Empress Casinos and its two casinos.  
<Richard_Donner>	Richard Donner (born Richard Donald Schwartzberg; April 24, 1930 – July 5, 2021) was an American filmmaker whose notable works included some of the most financially-successful films during the New Hollywood era. According to film historian Michael Barson, Donner was "one of Hollywood's most reliable makers of action blockbusters". His career spanned over 50 years, crossing multiple genres and filmmaking trends.Donner began in 1957 as a television director. By the 1960s, Donner had directed episodes of The Rifleman, The Man from U.N.C.L.E., The Fugitive,  The Twilight Zone and many others. He made his film debut with the low-budget aviation drama X-15 in 1961, but had his critical and commercial breakthrough with the horror film The Omen in 1976. He directed the landmark superhero film Superman in 1978, which provided an inspiration for the fantasy film genre to eventually gain artistic respectability and commercial dominance. Donner later went on to direct films in the 1980s such as The Goonies and Scrooged, while reinvigorating the buddy cop film genre with the Lethal Weapon series.
<George_Forbes_(New_Zealand_politician)>	George William Forbes PC (/fɔːrbz/; 12 March 1869 – 17 May 1947) was a New Zealand politician who served as the 22nd prime minister of New Zealand from 28 May 1930 to 6 December 1935.Forbes was born in Lyttelton and later began farming near Christchurch. He became active in local politics. Forbes first entered the House of Representatives in 1908 as a member of the Liberal Party, and when that party declined he became the leader of the newly created United Party in 1928. His rise to power as Prime Minister was unexpected, and some believed him unsuited to the post; it was his misfortune to hold office during the very worst period of the Great Depression. He nevertheless remained in power for five years. Forbes headed the United–Reform coalition Government that eventually became the modern National Party.
<Lasker_Award>	The Lasker Awards have been awarded annually since 1945 to living persons who have made major contributions to medical science or who have performed public service on behalf of medicine. They are administered by the Lasker Foundation, which was founded by Albert Lasker and his wife Mary Woodard Lasker (later a medical research activist). The awards are sometimes referred to as "America's Nobels".The Lasker Awards have gained a reputation for identifying future winners of the Nobel Prize. Eighty-six Lasker laureates have received the Nobel Prize, including 32 in the last two decades. Claire Pomeroy is the current president of the Lasker Foundation.The award is given in four branches of medical science:
<Great_Western_Railway>	The Great Western Railway (GWR) was a British railway company that linked London with the southwest, west and West Midlands of England and most of Wales. It was founded in 1833, received its enabling Act of Parliament on 31 August 1835 and ran its first trains in 1838 with the initial route completed between London and Bristol in 1841. It was engineered by Isambard Kingdom Brunel, who chose a broad gauge of 7 ft (2,134 mm)—later slightly widened to 7 ft 1⁄4 in (2,140 mm)—but, from 1854, a series of amalgamations saw it also operate 4 ft 8+1⁄2 in (1,435 mm) standard-gauge trains; the last broad-gauge services were operated in 1892. The GWR was the only company to keep its identity through the Railways Act 1921, which amalgamated it with the remaining independent railways within its territory, and it was finally merged at the end of 1947 when it was nationalised and became the Western Region of British Railways.
<East_Berlin>	East Berlin was the de facto capital city of East Germany from 1949 to 1990. Formally, it was the Soviet sector of Berlin, established in 1945. The American, British, and French sectors were known as West Berlin. From 13 August 1961 until 9 November 1989, East Berlin was separated from West Berlin by the Berlin Wall. The Western Allied powers did not recognize East Berlin as the GDR's capital, nor the GDR's authority to govern East Berlin. On 3 October 1990, the day Germany was officially reunified, East and West Berlin formally reunited as the city of Berlin.With the London Protocol of 1944 signed on 12 September 1944, the United States, the United Kingdom, and the Soviet Union decided to divide Germany into three occupation zones and to establish a special area of Berlin, which was occupied by the three Allied Forces together. In May 1945, the Soviet Union installed a city government for the whole city that was called "Magistrate of Greater Berlin", which existed until 1947. After the war, the Allied Forces initially administered the city together within the Allied Kommandatura, which served as the governing body of the city. However, in 1948 the Soviet representative left the Kommandatura and the common administration broke apart during the following months. In the Soviet sector, a separate city government was established, which continued to call itself the "Magistrate of Greater Berlin".
<Speak,_Memory>	Speak, Memory is an autobiographical memoir by writer Vladimir Nabokov. The book includes individual essays published between 1936 and 1951 to create the  first edition in 1951. Nabokov's revised and extended edition appeared in 1966.The book is dedicated to his wife, Vera, and covers his life from 1903 until his emigration to America in 1940. The first twelve chapters describe Nabokov's remembrance of his youth in an aristocratic family living in pre-revolutionary Saint Petersburg and at their country estate Vyra, near Siverskaya. The three remaining chapters recall his years at Cambridge and as part of the Russian émigré community in Berlin and Paris. Through memory Nabokov is able to possess the past.The cradle rocks above an abyss, and common sense tells us that our existence is but a brief crack of light between two eternities of darkness.
<Firestone_Country_Club>	Firestone Country Club is a private golf club in the United States, located in Akron, Ohio. It was a regular stop on the PGA Tour and has hosted the PGA Championship three times. It is the current home of the Bridgestone Senior Players Championship through 2026.The club comprises three courses—those of the North, South, and West. In 1974 the club hosted three televised golf events: the American Golf Classic, the CBS Golf Classic and the World Series of Golf. No other club has hosted three televised golf events in the same calendar year.One of four World Golf Championships constituent events, the WGC-Bridgestone Invitational, directed by the International Federation of PGA Tours and sanctioned on the PGA and European Tours, was contested at the club with the final event at the club held in 2018. The North and West courses also serve as the home course for the University of Akron Zips golf team.
<The_Old_Gringo>	The Old Gringo (Spanish: Gringo Viejo) is a novel by Carlos Fuentes, first published in 1985. Its English language translation of the same year was the first novel by a Mexican author to be a U.S. bestseller and was one of three nominees for the Ritz Paris Hemingway Award as best novel of 1985. An unsuccessful adaptation to film followed in 1989. Later criticism has found in the novel a wary consideration of the irreconcilability of United States and Mexican mindsets. The novel is framed as the reminiscence of a female character (identified as Harriet Winslow through its course) "now she sits alone and remembers".An embittered American writer and former journalist, not named until the final chapter as Ambrose Bierce, decides to leave his old life behind and seek death in the midst of the Mexican Revolution. A widower whose two sons are dead and whose daughter refuses to speak to him, he seeks out part of the Army of the North under Pancho Villa. The particular group he encounters in Chihuahua, led by 'General' Tomás Arroyo, has just liberated the massive hacienda of the Miranda family. Arroyo is mestizo, the product of the rape of his mother by his Miranda father, and is persuaded by the old gringo to let him join the revolutionary force.
<Sick's_Stadium>	Sick's Stadium, also known as Sick's Seattle Stadium and later as Sicks' Stadium, was a baseball park in the northwest United States in Seattle, Washington. It was located in Rainier Valley, on the NE corner of S. McClellan Street and Rainier Avenue S (currently the site of a Lowe's hardware store). The longtime home of the Seattle Rainiers of the Pacific Coast League (PCL), it hosted the expansion Seattle Pilots during their only major league season in 1969.The site was previously the location of Dugdale Field, a 1913 ballpark that was the home of the Rainiers' forerunners, the Seattle Indians. That park burned down in an Independence Day arson fire in 1932, caused by serial arsonist Robert Driscoll. Authorities would later claim that Driscoll was one of the most dangerous arsonists in the United States during the Great Depression. Until a new stadium could be built on the Dugdale site, the team played at Civic Field, a converted football stadium at the current location of Seattle Center's Memorial Stadium.Sick's Stadium first opened in 1938 on June 15 as the home field of the Seattle Rainiers (the renamed Seattle Indians) of the Pacific Coast League (PCL). It was named after Emil Sick, owner of the team and of the Rainier Brewing Company. The Rainiers played at the stadium through 1964, after which they were renamed the Seattle Angels, but continued to play at Sick's through 1968. In 1946, the stadium was briefly the home of the Negro league Seattle Steelheads of the short-lived West Coast Negro Baseball Association, who played at the stadium while the Rainiers were on the road.
<Charles_Lapworth>	Charles Lapworth FRS FGS (20 September 1842 – 13 March 1920) was a headteacher and an English geologist who pioneered faunal analysis using index fossils and identified the Ordovician period.Charles Lapworth was born at Faringdon in Berkshire (now Oxfordshire) the son of James Lapworth.
<David_Benioff>	David Friedman (/ˈfriːdmən/; born September 25, 1970), known professionally as David Benioff (/ˈbɛniɒf/), is an American writer, director and producer. Along with his collaborator D. B. Weiss, he is best known as co-creator and showrunner of Game of Thrones (2011–2019), the HBO adaptation of George R. R. Martin's series of books A Song of Ice and Fire. He also wrote 25th Hour (2002), Troy (2004), City of Thieves (2008) and co-wrote X-Men Origins: Wolverine (2009).Benioff was born David Friedman in New York City, the youngest of three children in a Jewish family with ancestral roots in Austria, Romania, Germany, Poland and Russia. He is the son of Barbara (née Benioff) and Stephen Friedman, a former head of Goldman Sachs. He has two older sisters, Suzy and Caroline, and grew up in Manhattan, first in Peter Cooper Village, then on 86th Street where he spent most of his childhood, before eventually moving near the U.N. headquarters when he was 16.
<Philippe_Cannissié>	Jean-Baptiste Philippe Cannissié (19 January 1799, in Landau – 7 August 1877, in Lille) was a French architect and painter. He was architect to the city of Lille from 1849 to 1867, notably overseeing the restoration of the Église Saint-Maurice.This article about a French painter born in the 18th century is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<William_Robinson_(architect)>	Sir William Robinson (1645–1712) was the Surveyor General of Ireland from 1670/71 until 1700. Born in England, Robinson was appointed to the post of Surveyor General by John Berkeley in his first year of office as Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.Robinson is credited as the architect of several notable buildings in Ireland during his tenure. These include: Charles Fort in Kinsale (1670s), the Royal Hospital in Kilmainham (1684), St. Michan's Church in Dublin (1686), St. Mary's Church in Dublin (~1700), "Marsh's Library"(1701), and developmental works at Dublin Castle.
<Eleanor_Summerfield>	Eleanor Audrey Summerfield (7 March 1921 – 13 July 2001) was an English actress who appeared in many plays, films and television series. She is known for her roles in Laughter in Paradise (1951), Final Appointment (1954), Odongo (1956), Dentist in the Chair (1960), On the Fiddle (1961), The Running Man (1963) and Some Will, Some Won't (1970).She was born as Eleanor Audrey Summerfield in St Pancras, London on 7 March 1921. Summerfield trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in 1937.
<Philip_Leverhulme_Prize>	The Philip Leverhulme Prize is awarded by the Leverhulme Trust to recognise the achievement of outstanding researchers whose work has already attracted international recognition and whose future career is exceptionally promising. The prize scheme makes up to thirty awards of £100,000 a year, across a range of academic disciplines.The award is named after Philip Leverhulme who died in 2000. He was the grandson of William Leverhulme, and was the third Viscount Leverhulme. The prizes are payable, in instalments, over a period of two to three years. Prizes can be used for any purpose which can advance the prize-holder’s research, with the exception of enhancing the prize-holder’s salary.Nominees must hold either a permanent post or a long-term fellowship in a UK institution of higher education or research that would extend beyond the duration of the Philip Leverhulme Prize. Those otherwise without salary are not eligible to be nominated. Nominees should normally have been awarded their doctoral degree not more than ten years prior to the closing date.
<Raycom_Sports>	Raycom Sports is an American producer of sports television programs. It is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina, and owned and operated by Gray Television.It was founded in 1979 by husband and wife, Rick and Dee Ray. In the 1980s, Raycom Sports established a prominent joint venture with Jefferson-Pilot Communications which made them partners on the main Atlantic Coast Conference basketball package. Raycom was acquired in 1994 by Ellis Communications. Two years later, Ellis was acquired by a group led by Retirement Systems of Alabama, who renamed the entire company Raycom Media to build upon the awareness of Raycom Sports. The company would be acquired by Gray in 2019.The company was well known for its tenure with the ACC, and has also had former relationships with the SEC, Big Eight, and Big Ten conferences, as well as the now-defunct Southwest Conference. In the 2010s, Raycom lost both its ACC and SEC rights to ESPN (a network which had, in its early years, picked up Raycom-distributed ACC basketball games for national broadcasts), and transferred these rights to in-house cable networks. Raycom continues to produce a package of ACC telecasts, which are syndicated primarily via the Bally Sports channels and other regional sports networks.
<Emil_Leon_Post>	Emil Leon Post (/poʊst/; February 11, 1897 – April 21, 1954) was an American mathematician and logician. He is best known for his work in the field that eventually became known as computability theory.Post was born in Augustów, Suwałki Governorate, Congress Poland, Russian Empire (now Poland) into a Polish-Jewish family that immigrated to New York City in May 1904. His parents were Arnold and Pearl Post.Post had been interested in astronomy, but at the age of twelve lost his left arm in a car accident. This loss was a significant obstacle to being a professional astronomer, leading to his decision to pursue mathematics rather than astronomy.
<James_Joseph_Sylvester>	James Joseph Sylvester FRS HonFRSE (3 September 1814 – 15 March 1897) was an English mathematician. He made fundamental contributions to matrix theory, invariant theory, number theory, partition theory, and combinatorics.  He played a leadership role in American mathematics in the later half of the 19th century as a professor at the Johns Hopkins University and as founder of the American Journal of Mathematics.  At his death, he was a professor at Oxford University.James Joseph was born in London on 3 September 1814, the son of Abraham Joseph, a Jewish merchant. James later adopted the surname Sylvester when his older brother did so upon emigration to the United States—a country which at that time required all immigrants to have a given name, a middle name, and a surname.[citation needed]
<Oakland,_California>	Oakland is the largest city and the county seat of Alameda County, California, United States. A major West Coast port, Oakland is the largest city in the East Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area, the third largest city overall in the Bay Area and the eighth most populated city in California. With a population of 440,646 in 2020, it serves as the Bay Area's trade center and economic engine: the Port of Oakland is the busiest port in Northern California, and the fifth busiest in the United States of America. An act to incorporate the city was passed on May 4, 1852, and incorporation was later approved on March 25, 1854. Oakland is a charter city.Oakland's territory covers what was once a mosaic of California coastal terrace prairie, oak woodland, and north coastal scrub.  In the late 18th century, it became part of a large rancho grant in the colony of New Spain. Its land served as a resource when its hillside oak and redwood timber were logged to build San Francisco. The fertile flatland soils helped it become a prolific agricultural region. In the late 1860s, Oakland was selected as the western terminal of the Transcontinental Railroad. Following the 1906 San Francisco earthquake, many San Francisco citizens moved to Oakland, enlarging the population, increasing its housing stock, and improving its infrastructure. It continued to grow in the 20th century with its busy port, shipyards, and a thriving automobile manufacturing industry.
<Billy_Strayhorn>	William Thomas Strayhorn (November 29, 1915 – May 31, 1967) was an American jazz composer, pianist, lyricist, and arranger, who collaborated with bandleader and composer Duke Ellington for nearly three decades. His compositions include "Take the 'A' Train", "Chelsea Bridge", "A Flower Is a Lovesome Thing", and "Lush Life".Strayhorn was born in Dayton, Ohio, United States. His family soon moved to the Homewood section of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. However, his mother's family came from Hillsborough, North Carolina, and she sent him there to protect him from his father's drunken sprees. Strayhorn spent many months of his childhood at his grandparents' house in Hillsborough. In an interview, Strayhorn said that his grandmother was his primary influence during the first ten years of his life. He became interested in music while living with her, playing hymns on her piano, and playing records on her Victrola record player.
<Carnegie_Institution_for_Science>	The Carnegie Institution of Washington (the organization's legal name), known also for public purposes as the Carnegie Institution for Science (CIS), is an organization in the United States established to fund and perform scientific research. The institution is headquartered in Washington, D.C.As of June 30, 2020[update], the Institution's endowment was valued at $926.9 million. In 2018 the expenses for scientific programs and administration were $96.6 million.Eric Isaacs is president of the institution.More than 20 independent organizations were established through the philanthropy of Andrew Carnegie and now feature his surname. They perform work involving topics as diverse as art, education, international affairs, world peace, and scientific research.In 2007, the Carnegie Institution of Washington adopted the public name "Carnegie Institution for Science" to distinguish itself from other organizations established by and named for Andrew Carnegie. The Institution remains officially and legally the Carnegie Institution of Washington, but now has a public identity that describes its work.
<Melanie_Craft>	Lawrence Joseph Ellison (born August 17, 1944) is an American business magnate and investor who is the co-founder, executive chairman, chief technology officer (CTO) and former chief executive officer (CEO) of the American computer technology company Oracle Corporation. As of November 2022, he was listed by Bloomberg Billionaires Index as the seventh-wealthiest person in the world, with an estimated fortune of $91 billion. Ellison is also known for his 98% ownership stake in Lanai, the sixth-largest island in the Hawaiian Archipelago.Larry Ellison was born in New York City, to an unwed Jewish mother. His biological father was an Italian-American United States Army Air Corps pilot. After Ellison contracted pneumonia at the age of nine months, his mother gave him to her aunt and uncle for adoption. He did not meet his biological mother again until he was 48.
<Druid_Hills_Golf_Club>	The Druid Hills Golf Club is a private country club located in the Druid Hills neighborhood of Atlanta, Georgia. The course has frequently hosted U.S. Women's Open qualifying tournaments.Founded in 1912, the club's facilities include golf, dining, tennis, fitness, and swimming.In December 1921, Charles Mayo accepted a position as head professional at Druid Hills. He replaced the late J. Douglas Edgar. Edgar's death was mysterious. He was found late at night on West Peachtree Street in Atlanta, bleeding heavily from a deep wound in his leg, and died in the street before any trained help could arrive. The case was turned over to police, but never solved.
<Belinda_Lang>	Belinda L. Lange (born 23 December 1953), known professionally as Belinda Lang, is an English actress. She is known for playing Liza in the ITV sitcom Second Thoughts (1991–94), and Bill Porter in the BBC sitcom 2point4 Children (1991–99). Her theatre credits include London productions of the Noël Coward plays, Present Laughter (1981), Blithe Spirit (1997), and Hay Fever (2006). Her radio/audio credits include voicing narrator Madeleine in the podcast Wooden Overcoats.Lang was born in Marylebone, London, in 1953, the daughter of actors Jeremy Hawk and Joan Heal.
<Huge_(TV_series)>	Huge is an American teen drama television series that aired on ABC Family. The series is based on the young adult novel series of the same name by Sasha Paley. The hour-long drama series revolves around eight teens sent to a summer weight loss camp called Camp Victory. Winnie Holzman (creator of My So-Called Life) and her daughter Savannah Dooley wrote the plot.Casting began in January, with production beginning in April 2010. The series premiered on June 28, 2010, at 9 p.m. with 2.53 million viewers. On October 4, 2010, ABC Family announced that Huge was not getting an extra episode order, therefore canceling the show.The following is a table with the average estimated number of viewers per episode of the only season of Huge on ABC Family.
<Sky_Deutschland>	Sky Deutschland GmbH, branded as Sky, is a German media company that operates a direct broadcast satellite Pay TV platform in Germany, Austria and Switzerland (through Sky Switzerland). It provides a collection of basic and premium digital subscription television channels of different categories via satellite and cable television.It was launched in 1991 as Premiere. The channel originally started as a single analogue channel on the Astra 1A satellite, showing films dubbed into German, as well as in original audio, live football matches from the German Bundesliga and Austrian Bundesliga (and at one time the UEFA Cup), and documentaries and TV series. After the coming of the digital age, the service has since consisted of many channels with many new ones added over the years. On 4 July 2009, the service and its channels were rebranded as "Sky".
<MicroProse>	MicroProse is an American video game publisher and developer founded by Bill Stealey, Sid Meier, and Andy Hollis in 1982. It developed and published numerous games, including starting the Civilization and X-COM series. Most of their internally developed titles were vehicle simulation and strategy games.In 1993, the company lost most of its UK-based personnel and became a subsidiary of Spectrum HoloByte. Subsequent cuts and corporate policies led to Sid Meier, Jeff Briggs and Brian Reynolds leaving and forming Firaxis Games in 1996, as MicroProse closed its ex-Simtex development studio in Austin, Texas. In 1998, following an unsuccessful buyout attempt by GT Interactive, the struggling MicroProse (Spectrum HoloByte) became a wholly owned subsidiary of Hasbro Interactive and its development studios in Alameda, California and Chapel Hill, North Carolina were closed the following year. In 2001, MicroProse ceased to exist as an entity and Hasbro Interactive sold the MicroProse intellectual properties to Infogrames Entertainment, SA. MicroProse UK's former main office in Chipping Sodbury was closed in 2002, followed by the company's former headquarters in Hunt Valley, Maryland in 2003.The brand was revived in 2007 when Interactive Game Group acquired it from Atari Interactive, formerly Infogrames. The MicroProse brand was licensed to the Legacy Engineering Group for consumer electronics. Cybergun owned the MicroProse brand from 2010 to 2018, which was then acquired by David Lagettie working with Stealey.
<Below_the_Line>	Below the line may refer to:
<The_Gift_(Nabokov_novel)>	The Gift (Russian: Дар, Dar) is Vladimir Nabokov's final Russian novel, and is considered to be his farewell to the world he was leaving behind. Nabokov wrote it between 1935 and 1937 while living in Berlin, and it was published in serial form under his pen name, Vladimir Sirin.The Gift's fourth chapter, a pseudo-biography of the Russian writer Nikolay Chernyshevsky, was censored from publication in the Russian émigré journal Sovremennye zapiski that published the book's four other chapters.The story's apparent protagonist is Fyodor Godunov-Cherdyntsev, a Russian writer living in Berlin after his family fled the Bolshevik Revolution. Fyodor's literary ambitions and his development as a writer shape the book. In the fifth and final chapter, Fyodor states his ambition to write a book that in description is very similar to The Gift. In an interview to BBC2, Nabokov cited Fyodor as an example that not all the lives of his characters are grotesque or tragic; he said that Fyodor "is blessed with a  faithful love and an early recognition of his genius."
<Nobel_Peace_Prize>	The Nobel Peace Prize is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the will of Swedish industrialist, inventor and armaments (military weapons and equipment) manufacturer Alfred Nobel, along with the prizes in Chemistry, Physics, Physiology or Medicine and Literature. Since March 1901, it has been awarded annually (with some exceptions) to those who have "done the most or the best work for fraternity between nations, for the abolition or reduction of standing armies and for the holding and promotion of peace congresses".In accordance with Alfred Nobel's will, the recipient is selected by the Norwegian Nobel Committee, a five-member committee appointed by the Parliament of Norway. Since 2020 the prize is awarded in the Atrium of the University of Oslo, where it was also awarded 1947–1989; the Abel Prize is also awarded in the building. The prize was previously awarded in Oslo City Hall (1990–2019), the Norwegian Nobel Institute (1905–1946), and the Parliament (1901–1904).
<DeeJay_TV>	DeeJay TV is an Italian general-entertainment channel, opened in 2002 as a music satellite channel, and re-launched in 2009 on digital terrestrial television.This article about an Italian television station is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Chief_Secretary's_building>	The Chief Secretary's building (originally the Colonial Secretary's building) is a heritage-listed state government administrative building of the Victorian Free Classical architectural style located at 121 Macquarie Street, 65 Bridge Street, and at 44-50 Phillip Street in the Sydney central business district of New South Wales, Australia. The ornate five-storey public building was designed by Colonial Architect James Barnet and built in two stages, the first stages being levels one to four completed between 1873 and 1881, with Walter Liberty Vernon completing the second stage between 1894 and 1896 when the mansard at level five and the dome were added.The sandstone building was the seat of colonial administration, has been used continuously by the Government of New South Wales, and even today holds the office of the Governor of New South Wales. Its main occupant is the Industrial Relations Commission of New South Wales; several of the larger rooms are now courtrooms.
<John_S._Bull>	John Sumter Bull (September 25, 1934 – August 11, 2008), was an American naval officer and aviator, fighter pilot, test pilot, mechanical and aeronautical engineer, and NASA astronaut.Bull was born on September 25, 1934, in Memphis, Tennessee, where he attended primary and secondary schools and graduated in 1952 from Central High School. He received a Bachelor of Science degree in mechanical engineering from Rice University in 1957. Bull took leave from working at NASA Ames to earn a Master of Science and Ph.D. degrees from Stanford University in Aeronautical Engineering in 1971 and 1973, respectively.
<Alon_Mizrahi>	Alon Mizrahi (Hebrew: אלון מזרחי; born 22 November 1971) is an Israeli former professional footballer who played for clubs including Nice, Maccabi Tel Aviv, Hapoel Tel Aviv, Hapoel Be'er Sheva, Maccabi Haifa and Beitar Jerusalem.His nickname is The Airplane, referring to the movement he used to do after scoring a goal.
<Samuel_Butler_(poet)>	Samuel Butler  (baptized 14 February 1613 – 25 September 1680) was an English poet and satirist. He is remembered now chiefly for a long satirical poem titled Hudibras.Samuel Butler was born in Strensham, Worcestershire, and was the son of a farmer and churchwarden, also named Samuel. His date of birth is unknown, but there is documentary evidence for the date of his baptism of 14 February. The date of Butler's baptism is given as 8 February by Treadway Russell Nash in his 1793 edition of Hudibras. Nash had already mentioned Butler in his Collections for a History of Worcestershire (1781), and perhaps because the latter date seemed to be a revised account, it has been repeated by many writers and editors. However, The parish register of Strensham records under the year 1612: "Item was christened Samuell Butler the sonne of Samuell Butler the xiiijth of February anno ut supra". Lady Day, 25 March, was New Year's Day in England at the time, so the year of his baptism was 1613 according to the change of the start of the year with the Calendar Act of 1750 (see Old Style and New Style dates). Nash also claims in his 1793 edition of Hudibras that Butler's father entered his son's baptism into the register, an error that was also repeated in later publications; however, the entry was clearly written by a different hand.
<Medhi_Benatia>	Medhi Amine El Mouttaqi Benatia (Arabic: المهدي أمين بن عطية المتقي; French pronunciation: ​[mɛdi bɛnatia]; born 17 April 1987) is a former professional footballer who played as a centre back. Well known for his tenures throughout France, Italy, and Germany; Benatia represented Morocco at the international level, for whom he made 66 international appearances, and most notably captained them to their first World Cup in 20 years.Benatia began his career at Marseille, spending his time loaned out to Tours and Lorient before joining Clermont in 2008. Two years later he joined Udinese, spending three seasons there before transferring to Roma. After helping them finish as Serie A runners-up in his only campaign there, he was signed by Bayern Munich for €26 million, winning the Bundesliga in both of his seasons. In 2016 he moved to Juventus, initially on loan, and was later signed permanently by the club in 2017.
<Palm_Desert,_California>	Palm Desert is a city in Riverside County, California, United States, in the Coachella Valley, approximately 14 miles (23 km) east of Palm Springs, 121 miles (195 km) northeast of San Diego and 122 miles (196 km) east of Los Angeles. The population was 48,445 at the 2010 census. The city has been one of the state's fastest growing since 1980, when its population was 11,801.A major center of growth in the Coachella Valley, Palm Desert is a popular retreat for "snowbirds" from colder climates (the Eastern and Northern United States, and Canada), who swell its population by an estimated 31,000 each winter. Palm Desert has seen more residents become "full-timers", mainly from the coasts and urban centers of California, who have come for both affordable and high-valued homes.[citation needed]
<One_Flew_Over_the_Cuckoo's_Nest_(novel)>	One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is a novel by Ken Kesey published in 1962. Set in an Oregon psychiatric hospital, the narrative serves as a study of institutional processes and the human mind, including a critique of psychiatry and a tribute to individualistic principles. It was adapted into the Broadway (and later off-Broadway) play One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest by Dale Wasserman in 1963. Bo Goldman adapted the novel into a 1975 film of the same name directed by Miloš Forman, which won five Academy Awards.Time magazine included the novel in its "100 Best English-language Novels from 1923 to 2005" list. In 2003 the book was listed on the BBC's The Big Read poll of the UK's 200 "best-loved novels."
<Honda_NSX_(first_generation)>	The first generation Honda NSX (New Sportscar eXperimental), marketed in North America and Hong Kong as the Acura NSX, is a 2-seater, mid-engine sports car that was manufactured by Honda in Japan from 1990 until 2005.Around 1984, Honda engineers began experimenting with different engine and chassis layouts to test viability for future products.  One of the test mules was a Honda City that had been cut in half, with the engine installed behind the driver's seat and powering the rear wheels.  Although the project was not developed any further, many of the engineers were inspired by the exciting laps around the company parking lot in the mid-engined City.  This experience, in part, convinced Honda leadership that the company should consider developing a pure sports car.  As a result, in 1984, Honda commissioned the Italian car styling house Pininfarina to design the concept car HP-X (Honda Pininfarina eXperimental), which had a C20A 2.0 L V6 engine in a mid-mounted configuration. After Honda committed to a sports car project, the company management informed the engineers working on the project that the new car would have to be as fast as anything coming from Italy and Germany.  The HP-X concept car evolved into a prototype known as NS-X, which stood for "New", "Sportscar" "eXperimental". The prototype and eventual production model—which was marketed as the NSX—were designed by a team led by Honda Chief Designer Masahito Nakano, and Executive Chief Engineer Shigeru Uehara (who were subsequently placed in charge of the S2000 project).The original performance target for Honda's new sports car was the Ferrari 328 (and later, the 348) as the design neared completion. Honda intended its sports car to meet or exceed the performance of the Ferrari, while offering superior reliability and a lower price.[citation needed] For this reason, the 2.0 L V6 engine utilised in the HP-X was shelved and ultimately replaced with a significantly more powerful 3.0 L VTEC V6 engine. Over the course of development of the NSX, many engines were used, ranging from the 2.7-litre single overhead camshaft V6 engine from the Honda Legend/Honda Coupé to the 3.0-litre single overhead camshaft V6 engine, used subsequently in 15 test mules.  Honda eventually settled on a non-VTEC, 3.0-liter double overhead camshaft 24-valve V6 engine selected for the production model.  This engine generated a maximum power output of about 250 hp (186 kW; 253 PS) and 282 N⋅m (208 lb⋅ft) of torque, with a redline of 7,300 rpm.  However, at the same time, Honda was working on its revolutionary VTEC variable valve timing system, with plans to release it on the company's home-market 4-cylinder Integra.  Honda's then-president Tadashi Kume, himself a highly skilled and respected engine designer, questioned the NS-X designers' logic in foregoing the VTEC system for Honda's new flagship sports car, while it was being used on the lower-market Integra.  As a result, the engine was redesigned very late in the development process "to achieve the desired levels of performance and durability"; Honda designed a new cylinder block with 6-bolt main caps and larger cylinder heads to contain the complex VTEC mechanism.  Innovative connecting rods made from a titanium alloy were used to lower reciprocating weight, while increasing overall rod-strength—something which increased the engine's maximum rpm by 700, resulting in a final redline of 8,000 rpm.  A consequence of this last-minute engine change was that the new C30A engine was too large to fit in the NS-X's engine bay, which had been carefully sized for the smaller heads of the non-VTEC DOHC 3.0 liter engine.  As a result, the engineers were forced to tilt the entire engine backward approximately 5 degrees- a characteristic that continued all the way to the NSX's final production in 2005.
<American_Beauty_(1999_film)>	American Beauty is a 1999 American satirical black comedy-drama film written by Alan Ball and directed by Sam Mendes in his directorial debut. Kevin Spacey stars as Lester Burnham, an advertising executive who has a midlife crisis when he becomes infatuated with his teenage daughter's best friend, played by Mena Suvari. Annette Bening stars as Lester's materialistic wife, Carolyn, and Thora Birch plays their insecure daughter, Jane. Wes Bentley, Chris Cooper, and Allison Janney co-star. Academics have described the film as satirizing how beauty and personal satisfaction are perceived by the American middle class; further analysis has focused on the film's explorations of romantic and paternal love, sexuality, materialism, self-liberation, and redemption.After being filmed in California from December 1998 to February 1999, American Beauty was released in North America on September 17, 1999, receiving widespread critical and popular acclaim. It was the second-best-reviewed American film of the year behind Being John Malkovich and grossed over $350 million worldwide against its $15-million budget. Reviewers praised most aspects of the production, with particular emphasis on Mendes, Spacey and Ball; criticism tended to focus on the familiarity of the characters and setting. DreamWorks launched a major campaign to increase American Beauty's chances of Oscar success following its controversial Best Picture snubs for Saving Private Ryan (1998) the previous year. 
<Leo_Sonnyboy>	Leo Sonnyboy is a 1989 Swiss film directed by Rolf Lyssy. The comedy was filmed in Zürich and at various locations in Switzerland, and produced in Switzerland.Leo (Mathias Gnädinger) is about 40-year-old man who lives as a single in Zürich. He works as a train driver, has a brother, is mothered by his Mama (Stefanie Glaser), but seems to be a bit solitary. His best friend Adrian (Christian Kohlund) has a serious problem with the Fremdenpolizei authorities, the immigration police of Switzerland, as his girlfriend Apia Kolong (Ankie Lau) from Thailand works as an exotic dancer, but for unknown reasons Adrian does not want to marry her to legalize her migration to Switzerland. Leo is persuaded by Adrian to marry Apia, Leo and Apia fall in love, and Apia wants to change her life, and so many problems and irritations really start.The Swiss comedy was one of the most successful films in the Swiss German cinemas between 1975 and 2004, and had an audience of 131,572 people. The comedy is distributed on DVD (RC 2). On 16 March 1991 the comedy started also at the New York New Directors/New Films Festival.
<Texas_A&M_University>	Coordinates: 30°36′37″N 96°20′37″W﻿ / ﻿30.61028°N 96.34361°W﻿ / 30.61028; -96.34361Texas A&M University (Texas A&M, A&M, or TAMU) is a public, land-grant, research university in College Station, Texas. It was founded in 1876 and became the flagship institution of the Texas A&M University System in 1948. As of late 2021, Texas A&M has the  largest student body in the United States, and is the only university in Texas to hold simultaneous designations as a land, sea, and space grant institution. In 2001, it was inducted into the Association of American Universities. The university's students, alumni, and sports teams are known as Aggies, and its athletes compete in eighteen varsity sports as a member of the Southeastern Conference.
<Rio_Tinto_Group>	Rio Tinto Group is an Anglo-Australian multinational company that is the world's second-largest metals and mining corporation (behind BHP). The company was founded in 1873 when of a group of investors purchased a mine complex on the Rio Tinto, in Huelva, Spain, from the Spanish government. It has grown through a long series of mergers and acquisitions. Although primarily focused on extraction of minerals, Rio Tinto also has significant operations in refining, particularly the refining of bauxite and iron ore. Rio Tinto has joint head offices in London (global and "plc") and Melbourne ("Limited" – Australia).Rio Tinto is a dual-listed company traded on both the London Stock Exchange, where it is a component of the FTSE 100 Index, and the Australian Securities Exchange, where it is a component of the S&P/ASX 200 index. Additionally, American depositary shares of Rio Tinto's British branch are traded on the New York Stock Exchange, giving it listings on a total of three major stock exchanges. In the 2020 Forbes Global 2000, Rio Tinto was ranked as the 114th-largest public company in the world.
<Joan_Dowling>	Joan Dowling (6 January 1928 – 31 March 1954) was a British character actress.Dowling was the illegitimate daughter of Vera Dowling. A piece in The Laindon and District Times, on 23 June 2015, written by her cousin John Strickland, says she was born in the house called 'Carlyle', which is one of the turreted bungalows in Laindon High Road North, and brought up by her great-grandmother, Elizabeth Dowling, in Uxbridge. She had a passion for acting, although she was never formally trained, and took roles in small plays, pantomimes and other productions whenever she could. At the age of 14 she approached a London acting agency and was given her first 'proper' part in a small production (title unknown). Her major acting debut came when producer Anthony Hawtrey cast her in the role of Norma Bates in the Joan Temple play No Room at the Inn. The play's first performance was at the Embassy Theatre in July 1945.  Subsequently, the play transferred under producer Robert Atkins to the Winter Garden Theatre, Drury Lane. She also played the same role in the 1948 film version, with the screenplay co-written by the famous Welsh author Dylan Thomas and Ivan Foxwell. She signed her first film contract at the age of 17 for Associated British Pictures.
<Eva_Trout_(novel)>	Eva Trout is Elizabeth Bowen's final novel and was shortlisted for the 1970 Booker Prize. First published in 1968, it is about a young woman—the eponymous heroine—who, abandoned by her mother just after her birth, raised by nurses and nannies and educated by governesses all hired by her millionaire father, has difficulty acting and behaving like an adult when, shortly after her father's suicide, she inherits all his money.Part I-Genesis
<Juventus_F.C.>	Juventus Football Club (from Latin: iuventūs, 'youth'; Italian pronunciation: [juˈvɛntus]), colloquially known as Juve (pronounced [ˈjuːve]), is a professional football club based in Turin, Piedmont, Italy, that competes in the Serie A, the top tier of the Italian football league system. Founded in 1897 by a group of Torinese students, the club has worn a black and white striped home kit since 1903 and has played home matches in different grounds around its city, the latest being the 41,507-capacity Juventus Stadium. Nicknamed Vecchia Signora ("the Old Lady"), the club has won 36 official league titles, 14 Coppa Italia titles and nine Supercoppa Italiana titles, being the record holder for all these competitions; two Intercontinental Cups, two European Cups / UEFA Champions Leagues, one European Cup Winners' Cup, a joint national record of three UEFA Cups, two UEFA Super Cups and a joint national record of one UEFA Intertoto Cup. Consequently, the side leads the historical Federazione Italiana Giuoco Calcio (FIGC) classification whilst on the international stage occupies the sixth position in Europe and the twelfth in the world for most confederation titles won with eleven trophies, as well as the fourth in the all-time Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) competitions ranking, having obtained the highest coefficient score during seven seasons since its introduction in 1979, the most for an Italian team in both cases and joint second overall in the last cited.
<FC_Zürich>	Fussballclub Zürich, commonly abbreviated to FC Zürich or simply FCZ, is a Swiss football club based in Zürich. The club was founded in 1896 and has won the Swiss Super League 13 times and the Swiss Cup 10 times. The most recent titles are the 2022 Swiss Super League and the 2018 Swiss Cup. The club plays its home games at the Letzigrund, which reaches a capacity of 26,000 spectators for league games.FC Zürich is the only Swiss team to have reached the semi-finals of the European Cup more than once. This happened in 1964 and 1977, when the competition was played in its original format.  
<Radio_Nelson>	Radio Nelson was a New Zealand radio station in Nelson. The station was started by Radio New Zealand (which at the time was known as the New Zealand Broadcasting Board) in 1932.The station originally broadcast on 1340AM with the callsign 2ZR. The station changed call signs to 2YN followed by 2XN and finally 2ZN. In 1978 the AM band in New Zealand was adjusted from 10 kHz to 9 kHz, as a result 2ZN moved to 1341AM. Originally the station was branded by its callsign name and did not become known as Radio Nelson until the 1980s.
<Los_Angeles_County,_California>	Los Angeles County, officially the County of Los Angeles, and sometimes abbreviated as  L.A. County, is the most populous county in the United States and in the U.S. state of California, with 9,861,224 residents estimated as of 2022. It is the most populous non–state-level government entity in the United States. Its population is greater than that of 40 individual U.S. states. At 4,083 square miles (10,570 km2) and with 88 incorporated cities and many unincorporated areas, it is home to more than one-quarter of California residents and is one of the most ethnically diverse counties in the United States. Its county seat, Los Angeles, is also California's most populous city and the second-most populous city in the United States, with about 3.9 million residents. In recent times, statewide droughts in California have placed great strain on the County’s (and the City of Los Angeles's) water security.Los Angeles County is one of the original counties of California, created at the time of statehood in 1850. The county originally included parts of what are now Kern, San Bernardino, Riverside, Inyo, Tulare, Ventura, and Orange counties. In 1851 and 1852, Los Angeles County stretched from the coast to the state line of Nevada. As the population increased, sections were split off to organize San Bernardino County in 1853, Kern County in 1866, and Orange County in 1889.
<Spectrum_Sports_(Texas)>	Spectrum Sports was a regional sports network serving Texas and owned by Charter Communications through its acquisition of Time Warner Cable in May 2016. It ceased operations in June 2017, with some of its remaining programs migrating to Spectrum News Austin.The following sporting were carried by Spectrum Sports (Texas):Other shows that aired on Spectrum Sports:
<Bryan_Rabello>	Bryan Martín Rabello Mella (born 16 May 1994) is a Chilean professional footballer who plays for Unión Española as an attacking midfielder.Rabello made his competitive first team debut for Colo-Colo against Lota Schwager on 7 October 2009, aged 15, as a 36th-minute substitute for Charles Aránguiz in a Copa Chile 1–0 away victory. In the next season, Rabello made his home debut in a Copa Chile game. Within the same season, he played again as a substitute in a 4–2 victory against Curicó Unido. On 22 August 2010, the coach of the club Diego Cagna announced that Rabello would make his first start in a league game against Unión Española. His Copa Sudamericana debut came on 25 August against Universitario de Sucre as a substitute in a 3–1 home victory at Estadio Monumental.
<Viacom>	Viacom, an abbreviation of Video and Audio Communications, may refer to:
<Iker_Casillas>	Iker Casillas Fernández (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈikeɾ kaˈsiʎas feɾˈnandeθ]; born 20 May 1981) is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper and currently works as a football commentator. Popularly dubbed "San Iker" ("Saint Iker") for his ability to produce spectacular saves, Casillas is widely considered to be one of the greatest goalkeepers of all time. He is known for his athleticism, quick reactions and outstanding shot-stopping ability. Having spent the majority of his career at Real Madrid, Casillas is one of the few players to achieve over 1000 professional career matches, and holds the record for the most clean sheets in the UEFA Champions League, as well as for the Spain national team. Currently, he works for RTVE, Movistar Plus+ and Azteca Deportes.At club level, Casillas started his career with the Real Madrid youth team, eventually gaining promotion to the main team in 1999, where he became the youngest goalkeeper to play in the final of the Champions League, and to win the title, at 19 years and four days. Casillas became the first choice goalkeeper at Real Madrid, winning two Champions Leagues and La Liga titles in his first three seasons, establishing himself as one of the best goalkeepers in the world. During his highly successful career in Madrid, Casillas won all major club titles, including five La Liga titles, four Supercopa de España titles, two Copa del Rey titles, three UEFA Champions Leagues, two UEFA Super Cups, two Intercontinental Cups and the FIFA Club World Cup. After 25 years with Real Madrid, Casillas joined FC Porto in 2015 on a free transfer, where he won the Primeira Liga and a Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira title. While at Porto, he broke the record for most consecutive seasons played in the UEFA Champions League (20) and amassed the most appearances in the competition (177). He ended his playing career in February 2020, after almost a year on the sidelines following a heart attack he suffered during a training session with Porto in May 2019.
<CJIC-TV>	CJIC-TV was a television station in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada. The station was in operation from 1954 to 2002 as a private affiliate of CBC Television.CJIC began broadcasting on Channel 2 on November 28, 1954, owned by Hyland Broadcasting along with CJIC radio (1490 AM, later CFYN at 1500 and now defunct). Hyland introduced television to the Sault, first with kinescopes and live programming. Later, the microwave brought the live CBC network feed, then colour on the network, and finally to the studio, along with video tape that greatly enhanced production. CJIC also introduced television to the eastern part of Michigan's Upper Peninsula in the United States; the American television networks didn't arrive there until WPBN-TV, the NBC affiliate in Traverse City, signed on a satellite station in 1959 (WTOM) to bring its programming to the Upper Peninsula.In 1976, Hyland merged with Algonquin Broadcasting, owner of the other radio stations on the Canadian side of the locks, to form Huron Broadcasting.  Soon after taking control, Huron established a twinstick station, CKCY, affiliated with the CTV Television Network. CKCY adopted the new callsign CHBX-TV in 1988.  CJIC moved to channel 5 when CKCY signed on, taking over channel 2. The move of CJIC to channel 5 caused much interference for viewers trying to tune in WNEM-TV from Bay City, Michigan, which was seen on area cable systems on cable channel 5.
<Ferdinand_Marcos>	Presidency
<Gdańsk>	Gdańsk (/ɡəˈdænsk/ gə-DANSK, also US: /ɡəˈdɑːnsk/ gə-DAHNSK; Polish: [ɡdaɲsk] (listen); Kashubian: Gduńsk; Latin: Gedanum, Dantiscum) is a city on the Baltic coast of northern Poland. With a population of 470,621, Gdańsk is the capital and largest city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship. It is Poland's principal seaport and the country's fourth-largest metropolitan area.The city lies at the southern edge of Gdańsk Bay, close to the city of Gdynia and resort town of Sopot; these form a metropolitan area called the Tricity (Trójmiasto), with a population of approximately 1.5 million. Gdańsk lies at the mouth of the Motława River, connected to the Leniwka, a branch in the delta of the Vistula River, which connects Gdańsk with the Polish capital Warsaw.
<Leo_Housakos>	Leonidas Housakos (born January 10, 1968) is a Canadian politician who has served as the senator for Wellington, Quebec since January 8, 2009. A member of the Conservative Party, Housakos was appointed on the advice of Prime Minister Stephen Harper. Housakos served as the speaker of the Senate for part of 2015.Housakos was born in Montreal, Quebec into a Greek family. He graduated from McGill University with a Bachelor of Arts in 1992 and worked as a ministerial staffer in the Ministry of Multiculturalism under Gerry Weiner. Soon after, he became involved with the Hellenic Congress of Quebec and served two terms as its Vice-President, National Issues between 1998 and 2000.[citation needed]Prior to entry to politics, Housakos worked as the president of Terrau Inc., the presidency of Quadvision International and Sales at Constant Laboratories. He was also a member of the North America Advisory Board for the Alexander Proudfoot Company, an organization specializing in the productivity of corporations.[citation needed]
<SPIE_Gold_Medal>	SPIE Gold Medal, or Gold Medal Award of SPIE, is the highest honor of SPIE (the international society for optics and photonics), and is considered one of the highest award[by whom?] in the fields of photonic and optical engineering and related instrumental sciences. The Gold Medal started awarding annually since 1977, and the award includes a medal and $10,000 cash award.
<John_Veryard>	John Veryard (14 November 1851 – 5 January 1924) was an Australian businessman and politician who served as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1905 to 1908 and from 1914 to 1921.Veryard was born in London, England, to Jane (née Callcott) and John Besley Charles Veryard. His parents immigrated to Western Australia when he was an infant. After leaving school, Veryard initially worked in the offices of The Inquirer & Commercial News. He later worked for periods as a cabinetmaker, bootmaker, produce merchant, and builder, before taking over his father's bakery business in 1886. Veryard served on the Perth City Council from 1895 to 1900, and was also on the Leederville Municipal Council from 1896 to 1900 and from 1902 to 1905, including as mayor in 1904 and 1905.
<Spanish_Civil_War>	Nationalist victory Republicans
<Samantha_Weinstein>	Samantha Gail Weinstein (born March 20, 1995) is a Canadian actress.She was born as Samantha Gail Weinstein in a Toronto hospital in 1995 to Jewish parents. She started her acting career at the age of 6, in a theatre camp where she had one week to put a play together.For Siblings (2004) she auditioned with the recital piece, and "had to practice it a lot but eventually really got into the character". In 2008, she told in an interview, "I'd study to be a lawyer or doctor...But I find acting so much fun". Weinstein was screened for Case 39 (2009) and True Grit (2010).
<Kilusang_Bagong_Lipunan>	The New Society Movement (Filipino: Kilusang Bagong Lipunan, KBL), formerly named the New Society Movement of United Nationalists, Liberals, et cetera (Filipino: Kilusang Bagong Lipunan ng Nagkakaisang Nacionalista, Liberal, at iba pa, KBLNNL), is a right-wing political party in the Philippines. It was first formed in 1978 as an umbrella coalition of parties supporting then-President Ferdinand E. Marcos for the Interim Batasang Pambansa (the unicameral parliament) and was his political vehicle during his 20-year regime. It was reorganized as a political party in 1986, and is the furthest to the right of the political spectrum among active parties after Marcos' ouster.Since 1986, the KBL has contested in most of the national and local elections in the Philippines, but retained a single seat in the House of Representatives in Ilocos Norte, which was held by former First Lady Imelda Marcos until 2019.
<The_Weinstein_Company>	The Weinstein Company (usually credited or abbreviated as TWC) was an American independent film studio, founded in New York City by Bob and Harvey Weinstein in March 2005. TWC was one of the largest mini-major film studios in North America prior to the firing of Harvey Weinstein following allegations of sexual harassment and rape against him, as well as financial troubles that followed. The studio eventually declared bankruptcy in February 2018, with independent studio Lantern Entertainment acquiring a majority of its film library and assets. Founder and chief executive Bob Weinstein previously owned a small stake in the company.The company dismissed joint founder and chief executive Harvey Weinstein in October 2017, after over 100 women came forward to accuse him of sexual harassment, abuse, assault, or rape.
<Oleg_Strakhanovich>	Oleg Strakhanovich (Belarusian: Алег Страхановiч, Aleh Strakhanovich, Russian: Олег Страханович; born 13 October 1979) is a Belarusian footballer who plays for Kronon Stolbtsy.Strakhanovich started his career at Pinsk-900. At the start of 1998 season he move to top division's Dinamo Brest. In 2002, he moved to BATE Borisov. After a short spell at Kazakhstani club Tobol Kostanay, he moved to MTZ-RIPO Minsk in summer 2005.At the start of 2007 season he was loaned to FBK Kaunas, a sister club owned by Vladimir Romanov, but in the summer of 2007 he returned to MTZ.
<Anti-Masonic_Party>	The Anti-Masonic Party was the earliest third party in the United States. Formally a single-issue party, it strongly opposed Freemasonry, but later aspired to become a major party by expanding its platform to take positions on other issues. After emerging as a political force in the late 1820s, most of the Anti-Masonic Party's members joined the Whig Party in the 1830s and the party disappeared after 1838.The party was founded following the disappearance of William Morgan, a former Mason who had become a prominent critic of the Masonic organization. Many believed that Masons had murdered Morgan for speaking out against Masonry and subsequently many churches and other groups condemned Masonry. As many Masons were prominent businessmen and politicians, the backlash against the Masons was also a form of anti-elitism. The Anti-Masons purported that Masons posed a threat to American republicanism by secretly trying to control the government. Furthermore, there was a strong fear that Masonry was hostile to Christianity. Mass opposition to Masonry eventually coalesced into a political party. Before and during the presidency of John Quincy Adams, there was a period of political realignment. The Anti-Masons emerged as an important third-party alternative to Andrew Jackson's Democrats and Adams' National Republicans. In New York, the Anti-Masons supplanted the National Republicans as the primary opposition to the Democrats.After experiencing unexpected success in the 1828 elections, the Anti-Masons adopted positions on other issues, most notably support for internal improvements and a protective tariff. Several Anti-Masons, including William A. Palmer and Joseph Ritner, won election to prominent positions. In states such as Pennsylvania and Rhode Island, the party controlled the balance of power in the state legislature and provided crucial support to candidates for the United States Senate. In 1831, the party held the first presidential nominating convention, a practice that was subsequently adopted by all major parties. Delegates chose former U.S. Attorney General William Wirt as their standard bearer in the 1832 presidential election; Wirt won 7.8% of the popular vote and carried Vermont.
<Johanna_Hofer>	Johanna Hofer (born Johanna Therese Stern; 30 July 1896 – 30 June 1988) was a German film actress. She appeared in 34 films between 1926 and 1982.Hofer was born in Berlin. She was the daughter of engineer and later director of AEG Georg Stern and his wife Lisbeth (née Schmidt), who was the younger sister of artist Käthe Kollwitz. Hofer's younger sisters were dancer Katta Sterna and  actress Maria Matray. Hofer's father was Jewish and her mother was Lutheran. In 1932, Hofer and her husband, Austrian actor Fritz Kortner, left Germany and lived in Switzerland, then Austria and the United Kingdom, before settling in the United States in 1938. In 1941, the couple moved from New York City to Los Angeles.
<Story_of_Your_Life>	"Story of Your Life" is a science fiction novella by American writer Ted Chiang, first published in Starlight 2 in 1998, and in 2002 in Chiang's collection of short stories, Stories of Your Life and Others. Its major themes are language and determinism."Story of Your Life" won the 2000 Nebula Award for Best Novella, as well as the 1999 Theodore Sturgeon Award. It was nominated for the 1999 Hugo Award for Best Novella. The novella has been translated into Italian, Japanese, French and German.
<George_Stevens>	Legion of Meritstar on the Hollywood Walk of FameIrving G. Thalberg Memorial AwardLifetime Achievement Award from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (1954)National Board of Review Award for Best DirectorGeorge Cooper Stevens (December 18, 1904 – March 8, 1975) was an American film director, producer, screenwriter and cinematographer. Films he produced were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Motion Picture six times while he had five nominations as Best Director, winning twice.
<Russian_Orthodox_Church>	Autocephaly recognized by some autocephalous Churches de jure:Autocephaly and canonicity recognized by Constantinople and 3 other autocephalous Churches: 
<Prisoner_(TV_series)>	Prisoner (known in the UK and the US as Prisoner: Cell Block H) is an Australian television soap opera, which broadcast on Network Ten (originally The 0-10 Network) from February 27 (Melbourne) February 26 (Sydney) 1979 to December 1986 (Melbourne), though the series finale would not screen until September 1987 in Sydney, where it aired as a 3-hour film that was split into three 1-hour episodes at the much-later time-slot of 10.30pm, running eight seasons and 692 episodes. Prisoner was the first Australian series to feature a primarily female-dominated cast and carried the slogan "If you think prison is hell for a man, imagine what it would be like for woman!"The series, produced by the Grundy Organisation, was conceived by Reg Watson and filmed at the then Network Ten Melbourne Studios at Nunawading and on location. 
<Raf_Vallone>	Raffaele Vallone (17 February 1916 – 31 October 2002) was an Italian actor and footballer. One of the top male Italian stars of the 1950s and '60s, he first became known for his association with the neorealist movement, and found success in several international productions. On stage, he was closely associated with the works of Arthur Miller. He played the role of Eddie Carbone in A View from the Bridge several times, notably in Sidney Lumet's 1962 film adaptation, for which he won the David di Donatello for Best Actor.Vallone was born in Tropea, Calabria, the son of a lawyer, and moved to Turin at an early age. He attended Liceo classico Cavour and studied law and philosophy at the University of Turin, where his professors included Leone Ginzburg and future President Luigi Einaudi. After graduation, he was employed at his father's law firm.
<Kathleen_Hanna>	Kathleen Hanna (born November 12, 1968) is an American singer, musician, artist, feminist activist, pioneer of the feminist punk riot grrrl movement, and punk zine writer. In the early-to-mid-1990s she was the lead singer of feminist punk band Bikini Kill, before fronting Le Tigre in the late 1990s and early 2000s. Since 2010, she has recorded as the Julie Ruin.In 2009, Hanna made her zines, art pieces, photography, video, music, journals, and other material which focus on the early formation of the Riot Grrrl movement available at the Fales Library at New York University. A documentary film about Hanna was released in 2013 by director Sini Anderson, titled The Punk Singer, detailing Hanna's life and career, as well as revealing her years-long battle with Lyme disease. Hanna is married to Adam Horovitz of the Beastie Boys.
<New_Brunswick,_New_Jersey>	If I had to fall I wish it had been on the sidewalks of New York, not the sidewalks of New Brunswick, N.J.— Alfred E. Smith to Lew Dockstader in December 1923 on Dockstader's fall at what is now the State Theater.
<Athene_Donald>	Dame Athene Margaret Donald DBE FRS HonFInstP (née Griffith; born 15 May 1953) is a British physicist. She is Professor of Experimental Physics at the University of Cambridge, and Master of Churchill College, Cambridge.She was born Athene Margaret Griffith in London, to Walter Griffith and Annette Marian Tylor. She was educated at Camden School for Girls and Girton College, Cambridge. She earned a bachelor's degree in Natural Science (Theoretical Physics), followed by a PhD in 1977 for research on electron microscopy of grain boundary embrittled systems.
<Konrad_Zuse>	Konrad Ernst Otto Zuse (German: [ˈkɔnʁaːt ˈtsuːzə]; 22 June 1910 – 18 December 1995) was a German civil engineer, pioneering computer scientist, inventor and businessman. His greatest achievement was the world's first programmable computer; the functional program-controlled Turing-complete Z3 became operational in May 1941. Thanks to this machine and its predecessors, Zuse has often been regarded as the inventor of the modern computer.Zuse was noted for the S2 computing machine, considered the first process control computer. In 1941, he founded one of the earliest computer businesses, producing the Z4, which became the world's first commercial computer. From 1943 to 1945 he designed Plankalkül, the first high-level programming language. In 1969, Zuse suggested the concept of a computation-based universe in his book Rechnender Raum (Calculating Space).
<Ukraine_national_under-17_football_team>	The Ukraine national under-17 football team represents Ukraine in international football at this age level and is controlled by the Football Federation of Ukraine, the governing body for football in Ukraine.The following players have been called up for the team within the last 12 months.
<John_Calvin>	John Calvin (/ˈkælvɪn/; Middle French: Jehan Cauvin; French: Jean Calvin [ʒɑ̃ kalvɛ̃]; 10 July 1509 – 27 May 1564) was a French theologian, pastor and reformer in Geneva during the Protestant Reformation.  He was a principal figure in the development of the system of Christian theology later called Calvinism, including its doctrines of predestination and of God's absolute sovereignty in the salvation of the human soul from death and eternal damnation. Calvinist doctrines were influenced by and elaborated upon the Augustinian and other Christian traditions. Various Congregational, Reformed and Presbyterian churches, which look to Calvin as the chief expositor of their beliefs, have spread throughout the world.Calvin was a tireless polemicist and apologetic writer who generated much controversy. He also exchanged cordial and supportive letters with many reformers, including Philipp Melanchthon and Heinrich Bullinger. In addition to his seminal Institutes of the Christian Religion, Calvin wrote commentaries on most books of the Bible, confessional documents, and various other theological treatises.
<The_Three_Musketeers>	The Three Musketeers (French: Les Trois Mousquetaires, [le tʁwɑ muskətɛːʁ]) is a French historical adventure novel written in 1844 by French author Alexandre Dumas. It is in the swashbuckler genre, which has heroic, chivalrous swordsmen who fight for justice.Set between 1625 and 1628, it recounts the adventures of a young man named d'Artagnan (a character based on Charles de Batz-Castelmore d'Artagnan) after he leaves home to travel to Paris, hoping to join the Musketeers of the Guard. Although d'Artagnan is not able to join this elite corps immediately, he is befriended by three of the most formidable musketeers of the age – Athos, Porthos and Aramis, "the three musketeers" or "the three inseparables" – and becomes involved in affairs of state and at court.
<National_Marine_Fisheries_Service>	The National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS), informally known as NOAA Fisheries, is a United States federal agency within the U.S. Department of Commerce's National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) that is responsible for the stewardship of U.S. national marine resources. It conserves and manages fisheries to promote sustainability and prevent lost economic potential associated with overfishing, declining species, and degraded habitats.Founded in 1871 as the U.S. Commission of Fish and Fisheries, the National Marine Fisheries Service is the oldest federal conservation and environmental research agency in the United States. The commission was formed when President Ulysses S. Grant named zoologist Spencer Fullerton Baird, United States National Museum director and assistant secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, the first commissioner of the United States Fish Commission.The commission was divided into three research categories: the study of U.S. waters and fish and its biological problems, the study of past and present fishing methods and collection of fish catch and trade statistics, and the introduction and propagation of food fishes throughout the nation.  This structure remained through the transition of the commission's placement within the U.S. Commerce Department's National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), in 1970.
<Andrew_Peter_Mackenzie>	Andrew Peter Mackenzie FRS FRSE FInstP (born 1964) is a director of Physics of Quantum Materials at the Max Planck Institute for Chemical Physics of Solids in Dresden, Germany and Professor of Condensed Matter Physics at the University of St Andrews, Scotland.He became a co-editor of the Annual Review of Condensed Matter Physics as of 2020.MacKenzie was educated Hutchesons' Grammar School in Glasgow and the University of Edinburgh where he was awarded a Bachelor of Science degree in 1986. He went on to study at the University of Cambridge where he was awarded a PhD in 1991 for research on the role of stoichiometry in high-temperature superconductivity.
<Kathy_Hilton>	Kathleen Elizabeth Hilton (née  Avanzino; formerly Richards; born March 13, 1959) is an American socialite, fashion designer, actress, and television personality. She is the mother of socialite Paris Hilton and fashion designer Nicky Hilton and the half sister of The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills stars Kim Richards and Kyle Richards. Since 2021, Hilton has also starred on that series.Hilton is the daughter of Kathleen Mary (née Dugan) and Larry Avanzino. Her father's family comes from Italian ancestry while her mother's side comes from Ireland. Hilton's parents later divorced, and her mother married Kenneth E. Richards (1917–1998), who already had three grown children from a previous marriage, and had Hilton's two maternal half-sisters: actresses Kim and Kyle Richards. Hilton also has five paternal half-siblings from her father's remarriage. She graduated from Montclair College Preparatory School in Los Angeles, where she became best friends with Michael Jackson. They remained close friends until his death in 2009.
<Totto_Osvold>	Totto Osvold (born 21 June 1941) is a Norwegian radio entertainer.He was born in Ålesund, and is married to journalist Sissel Benneche Osvold. He was assigned with the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation from 1965 to 2006, as entertainer, and from 1986 to 1990 as program editor. He is known for his cooperation with  "Stutum" and with humorist Harald Heide-Steen Jr. Sand and Osvold were awarded Spellemannprisen in 1973 for their album Stutum Speaking.
<Jeremiah_P._Ostriker>	Jeremiah Paul "Jerry" Ostriker (born April 13, 1937) is an American astrophysicist and a professor of astronomy at Columbia University and is the Charles A. Young Professor Emeritus at Princeton where he also continues as a senior research scholar. Ostriker has also served as a university administrator as Provost of Princeton University.He received his B.A. from Harvard, and his Ph.D at the University of Chicago.After earning his Ph.D. at Chicago, he conducted post-doctoral work at the University of Cambridge. From 1971 to 1995, Ostriker was a professor at Princeton, and served as Provost there from 1995 to 2001. From 2001 to 2003, he was appointed as Plumian Professor of Astronomy and Experimental Philosophy at the Institute of Astronomy, Cambridge.  He then returned to Princeton as the Charles Young Professor of Astronomy and is now the Charles A. Young Professor Emeritus.  He continues as a senior research scholar at Princeton and became a professor of astronomy at Columbia in 2012.
<Swinton_Lions>	Park Lane, Whitefield  (2015, 2004-2010) Leigh Sports Village, Leigh  (2012-2014) The Willows, Salford  (2011) Sedgley Park, Whitefield(2004-2011)Moor Lane, Salford  (2002-2004) Gigg Lane, Bury (1992-2002)Station Road, Swinton (1929-1992)The Swinton Lions are a professional rugby league club based in Swinton, Greater Manchester, England, which competes in the Championship. The club has won the Championship six times and three Challenge Cups. Before 1996, the club was known simply as Swinton.
<Zhuzhou_Electric_Locomotive_Works>	CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co., Ltd. is one of the electric locomotive manufacturers in China. It is one of the subsidiaries of CRRC.Zhuzhou Electric Locomotive Works was founded in 1936.On 31 August 2005, CSR Group Zhuzhou Electric Locomotive Co., Ltd. was spin-off from the locomotive works; the original legal entity of the locomotive works became an intermediate holding company for CSR Group only. After the formation of listed company CSR Corporation Limited, the limited company "CSR Group Zhuzhou Electric Locomotive" became part of the listed portion of the group, and the intermediate holding company remained unlisted. The limited company also renamed to CSR Zhuzhou Electric Locomotive Co., Ltd.,
<Ukraine_national_under-18_football_team>	The Ukraine national under-18 football team (Ukrainian: Юнацька збірна України з футболу (U-18)) is one of several junior national teams of the Football Federation of Ukraine. It serves as a reserve of under-19 team in preparation to continental under-19 football competitions. Until 2001 it served as the base team, before UEFA transitioned competitions to under-19 age requirements.In 2001 Ukraine U-18 qualified for the 2001 FIFA World Youth Championship.The following players have been called up for 2014 Slovakia Cup.
<Richard_Sampson_(politician)>	Richard Stanley Sampson (16 November 1877 – 16 February 1944) was an Australian politician who was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1921 until his death, representing the seat of Swan. He was a minister in the first government of Sir James Mitchell.Sampson was born in Hurtle Vale, South Australia, to Mary Ann (née Trengove) and Richard Sampson. Having been apprenticed to a printer in South Australia, he moved to Perth, Western Australia, in 1894, where he initially worked on The Inquirer & Commercial News. In 1896, Sampson founded his own printing company, which printed newspapers, magazines, and books (some of which Sampson wrote). He later also became the managing director of United Press Ltd (later Country Newspapers Pty Ltd), which owned various country newspapers. A prominent member of the community, Sampson served for periods on the Leederville and North Perth Municipal Councils, and was later elected to the Darling Range Road Board, serving as chairman from 1909 to 1928.
<Arno_Allan_Penzias>	Arno Allan Penzias (/ˈpɛnziəs/; born April 26, 1933) is an American physicist, radio astronomer and Nobel laureate in physics. Along with Robert Woodrow Wilson, he discovered the cosmic microwave background radiation, which helped establish the Big Bang theory of cosmology.Penzias was born in Munich, Germany, the son of Justine (née Eisenreich) and Karl Penzias, who ran a leather business. His grandparents had come to Munich from Poland and were among the leaders of the Reichenbach Strasse Shul. At age six, he and his brother Gunther were among the Jewish children evacuated to Britain as part of the Kindertransport rescue operation.  Some time later, his parents also fled Nazi Germany for the U.S., and the family settled in the Garment District of New York City in 1940. In 1946, Penzias became a naturalized citizen of the United States. He graduated from Brooklyn Technical High School in 1951 and after enrolling to study chemistry at the City College of New York, he changed majors and graduated 1954 with a degree in physics, ranked near the top of his class.Following graduation, Penzias served for two years as a radar officer in the U.S. Army Signal Corps. This led to a research assistantship in the Columbia University Radiation Laboratory, which was then heavily involved in microwave physics. Penzias worked under Charles Townes, who later invented the maser.
<Yasutomi_Nishizuka>	Yasutomi Nishizuka, MJA, ForMemRS (西塚 泰美, Nishizuka Yasutomi, July 12, 1932 – November 4, 2004) was a prominent Japanese biochemist and made important contributions to the understanding of molecular mechanism of signal transduction across the cell membrane. In 1977, he discovered protein kinase C, which plays significant roles in a variety of intracellular signal transduction processes.He was elected as a foreign member of the Royal Society (ForMemRS) in 1990 and as a member of the Japan Academy (MJA) in 1991.Nishizuka was born in 1932 at Ashiya-city in Japan. He obtained his medical degree in 1957 from the Faculty of Medicine, Kyoto University. Then, he completed his PhD in Medical Chemistry in 1962 from the same university under the supervision of Osamu Hayaishi who was a famous medical researcher in Japan at that time.
<Gene_Raymond>	Gene Raymond (born Raymond Guion; August 13, 1908 – May 3, 1998) was an American film, television, and stage actor of the 1930s and 1940s. In addition to acting, Raymond was also a singer, composer, screenwriter, director, producer, and decorated military pilot.Raymond was born August 13, 1908 in New York City. He attended the Professional Children's School while appearing in productions like Rip Van Winkle and Mrs. Wiggs of the Cabbage Patch. His Broadway debut, at age 17, was in The Cradle Snatchers which ran two years. (The cast included Mary Boland, Edna May Oliver, and a young Humphrey Bogart.)His screen debut was in Personal Maid (1931). Another early appearance was in the multi-director If I Had a Million with W. C. Fields and Charles Laughton. With his blond good looks, classic profile, and youthful exuberance – plus a name change to the more pronounceable "Gene Raymond" – he scored in films like the classic Zoo in Budapest with Loretta Young, and a series of light RKO musicals, mostly with Ann Sothern. He wrote a number of songs, including the popular "Will You?" which he sang to Sothern in Smartest Girl in Town (1936). His wife, Jeanette MacDonald, sang several of his more classical pieces in her concerts and recorded one entitled "Let Me Always Sing".
<Ruby_Keeler>	Ethel Ruby Keeler (August 25, 1909 – February 28, 1993) was an American actress, dancer, and singer who was paired on-screen with Dick Powell in a string of successful early musicals at Warner Bros., particularly 42nd Street (1933). From 1928 to 1940, she was married to actor and singer Al Jolson. She retired from show business in the 1940s, but made a widely publicized comeback on Broadway in 1971.Keeler was born in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia, Canada, in 1909 to Ralph Hector and Nellie (née Lahey) Keeler, one of six siblings in an Irish Catholic family. Two sisters, Helen and Gertrude, had brief performing careers. Her father was a truck driver. When Ruby was three years old, her family moved to New York City, where her father could get better pay. Although Keeler was interested in taking dance lessons, the family could not afford to send her.
<James_Stewart>	James Maitland Stewart (May 20, 1908 – July 2, 1997) was an American actor and military pilot. Known for his distinctive drawl and everyman screen persona, Stewart's film career spanned 80 films from 1935 to 1991. With the strong morality he portrayed both on and off the screen, he epitomized the "American ideal" in the mid-twentieth century. In 1999, the American Film Institute (AFI) ranked him third on its list of the greatest American male actors.Born and raised in Indiana, Pennsylvania, Stewart started acting while at Princeton University. After graduating in 1932, he began a career as a stage actor, appearing on Broadway and in summer stock productions. In 1935, he landed his first supporting role in a movie and in 1938 he had his breakthrough in Frank Capra's ensemble comedy You Can't Take It with You. The following year, Stewart garnered his first of five Academy Award nominations for his portrayal of an idealized and virtuous man who becomes a senator in Capra's Mr. Smith Goes to Washington (1939). He won the Academy Award for Best Actor, the only competitive Oscar of his career, for his work in the comedy The Philadelphia Story (1940), which also starred Katharine Hepburn and Cary Grant. 
<New_Faces>	New Faces is a British television talent show that aired in the 1970s and 1980s. It has been hosted by Leslie Crowther, Derek Hobson  and Marti Caine. It was produced for the ITV network by ATV, and later by Central.The show first aired as a pilot on the ATV network on 31 May 1973 with host Leslie Crowther and a judging panel consisting of Noele Gordon, Tony Hatch, Clive James and John Smith assessing performances from ten acts looking for a break in show business. Welsh singer Jennifer Jones won the show that also featured a man who blew up a hot water bottle until it burst followed by a few choruses of "Spanish Eyes".
<Hideki_Ogihara>	Hideki Ogihara (荻原 秀樹, Ogihara Hideki) is a Japanese voice actor from Tokyo, Japan. He is affiliated with T's Factory. On February 2, 2014, he married fellow voice actor and Mahoromatic co-star Fujiko Takimoto.
<Henry_N._Cobb>	Henry Nichols Cobb (April 8, 1926 – March 2, 2020) was an American architect and founding partner with I.M. Pei and Eason H. Leonard of Pei Cobb Freed & Partners, an international architectural firm based in New York City.Henry N. Cobb was born in Boston, Massachusetts, the son of Elsie Quincy (Nichols) and Charles Kane Cobb, an investment counselor. He attended Phillips Exeter Academy, Harvard College, and the Harvard University Graduate School of Design.Cobb was an architect. Additionally, he was the chairman of the Department of Architecture at Harvard University from 1980 to 1985. He received honorary degrees from Bowdoin College and the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology. In 1983, he was elected into the National Academy of Design as an Associate Academician, and became a full Academician in 1990. Cobb won the Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat's 2013 Lynn S. Beedle Award, and was awarded the Architectural League of New York's President’s Medal in 2015.
<Canada_men's_national_under-23_soccer_team>	The Canada U-23 men's national soccer team (also known as Canada Olympic soccer team) represents Canada in international soccer at this age level. They are overseen by the Canadian Soccer Association, the governing body for soccer in Canada.Unlike UEFA member associations that use U-21 regional competitions as Olympic qualifying, as a member of CONCACAF, Canada's U-23 team competes in regional qualifying in the same year as the summer Olympics and its call-ups are traditionally only limited to players under 23 years of age.
<Arturs_Krišjānis_Kariņš>	Arturs Krišjānis Kariņš (born 13 December 1964) is an American-Latvian politician who has served as the Prime Minister of Latvia since 2019. A  linguist and businessperson by profession, he previously served as Latvia's Minister of Economics and a Member of the European Parliament. Born in Wilmington, Delaware, United States, to parents who had left Latvia during the Soviet occupation, he was active in the American Latvian community throughout his youth.After graduating with a bachelor's degree summa cum laude and PhD in linguistics from the University of Pennsylvania, Kariņš moved to Latvia in 1997 and founded a frozen food business. He helped found the New Era Party in 2002, which in 2011 merged with others to form the Unity Party (renamed New Unity in 2018). After serving as a deputy in Latvia's parliament (the Saeima), as Minister of Economics, and also as a Member of the European Parliament throughout the 2000s and 2010s, Kariņš was selected by New Unity to be its prime ministerial candidate in the 2018 Latvian parliamentary election. Following the election, New Unity was the smallest party elected to the 13th Saeima.Following months of contentious negotiations in which leaders of the larger parties were unable to form a coalition, Kariņš was nominated by President Raimonds Vējonis in January 2019 as a compromise candidate to form a government. He took office on 23 January 2019 at the head of a five-party coalition, and survived a 58–33 vote of no confidence on 11 April 2019. During his tenure, he has led the country's response to the COVID-19 pandemic as well as the 2021 Belarus-European Union border crisis.
<Fidi_Toscana>	Fidi Toscana S.p.A. is the in-house development bank of Tuscany region, Italy. The bank allocates and distributes development funding to businesses in the region. The bank is significantly owned by Tuscany region, plus minority interests from the provinces and comunes of the region, local chambers of commerce, major and minor banks, and other public institutes (Assoturismo, Confederazione Italiana Agricoltori, Confindustria Toscana, Confartigianato Toscana, Confcommercio - Unione Regionale Toscana, Confcooperative – Unione Regionale Toscana, etc.)The bank was registered under article 107 of Testo Unico Bancario (Italian banking law).In 1998 Fidi Agricola was absorbed into Fidi Toscana.
<Serhiy_Harashchenkov>	Serhiy Ihorovych Harashchenkov (Ukrainian: Сергій Ігорович Гаращенков; born 16 May 1990) is a former Ukrainian professional football player.He made his Russian Premier League debut for FC Amkar Perm on 22 October 2011 in a game against FC Terek Grozny.In February 2013 he signed 4-years deal with FC Karpaty Lviv.
<George_A._Frederick>	George Aloysius Frederick (December 16, 1842 – August 17, 1924) was a German-American architect with a practice in Baltimore, Maryland, where his most prominent commission was the Baltimore City Hall (1867–1875), awarded him when he was only age 21. Later in the late 19th century, he served as the semi-official municipal architect.On December 16, 1842, George Frederick was born in Baltimore, Maryland, the eldest child of John Martin, a clerk, and Anna, nee Hild. German immigrants from Bavaria who settled in the city. His parents called him Volishis Georg, but later he Americanized his name to George Aloysius. George had six siblings. He was educated at the Christian Brothers’ School (now Calvert Hall) until age 16.He was accepted as an apprentice with a Baltimore architectural partnership with Lind & Murdoch, architects of the Peabody Institute (1857-1860) at North Charles Street (Washington Place) and East Mount Vernon Place (East Monument Street). He designed structures for Baltimore's extensive Druid Hill Park, then beyond the 1818 northwest city limits, purchased for the city in 1860, and designed by Howard Daniels, Baltimore City Park Commissioners' landscape designer and John H.B. Latrobe, who designed the gateways to the park and the alterations made to the early-19th century Col. Nicholas Rogers mansion "Druid Hill" that already stood on the site. Druid Hill Park ranks with Frederick Law Olmsted's Central Park in Manhattan in New York City, begun in 1859, and Fairmount Park in Philadelphia as the oldest landscaped public parks in the United States. Among Frederick's playful structures for Druid Hill Park in Moorish and Chinese styles is the Chinese Station for the horse street car system erected in 1864 and the Moorish Station, which were stops on a narrow-gauge railroad that once wound through the park.
<Cesar_Conde>	Cesar Conde is an American media executive currently serving as chairman of the NBCUniversal News Group, overseeing NBC News, MSNBC, and CNBC. Prior to this, Conde was chairman of NBCUniversal International Group and NBCUniversal Telemundo Enterprises. Before that, he was president of Univision's networks division.Cesar Conde was named Chairman of the NBCUniversal News Group in May 2020. Under Conde’s leadership, the NBCU News Group made substantial investments in digital and streaming, became the only news organization to run three major streaming channels, and achieved historic ratings milestones.Conde is the first Hispanic to lead a major English-language television news organization. He launched the Fifty Percent Challenge, which aims to promote diversity in the newsroom. The initiative includes NBCU Academy, a journalism training program for college students. NBCU Academy has with 17 academic institutions and provided $6.5 million in funding to prepare students for a career in journalism.
<Linus_Pauling>	Linus Carl Pauling FRS (/ˈpɔːlɪŋ/; February 28, 1901 – August 19, 1994) was an American chemist, biochemist, chemical engineer,  peace activist, author, and educator. He published more than 1,200 papers and books, of which about 850 dealt with scientific topics. New Scientist called him one of the 20 greatest scientists of all time, and as of 2000, he was rated the 16th most important scientist in history. For his scientific work, Pauling was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1954. For his peace activism, he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1962. He is one of five people to have won more than one Nobel Prize (the others being Marie Curie, John Bardeen, Frederick Sanger and Karl Barry Sharpless). Of these, he is the only person to have been awarded two unshared Nobel Prizes, and one of two people to be awarded Nobel Prizes in different fields, the other being Marie Curie.Pauling was one of the founders of the fields of quantum chemistry and molecular biology. His contributions to the theory of the chemical bond include the concept of orbital hybridisation and the first accurate scale of electronegativities of the elements. Pauling also worked on the structures of biological molecules, and showed the importance of the alpha helix and beta sheet in protein secondary structure. Pauling's approach combined methods and results from X-ray crystallography, molecular model building, and quantum chemistry. His discoveries inspired the work of James Watson, Francis Crick, Maurice Wilkins and Rosalind Franklin on the structure of DNA, which in turn made it possible for geneticists to crack the DNA code of all organisms.
<Ken_Follett>	Kenneth Martin Follett, CBE, FRSL (born 5 June 1949) is a British author of thrillers and historical novels who has sold more than 160 million copies of his works.Many of his books have achieved high ranking on best seller lists. For example, in the US, many reached the number-one position on the New York Times Best Seller list, including Edge of Eternity, Fall of Giants, A Dangerous Fortune, The Key to Rebecca, Lie Down with Lions, Triple, Winter of the World, and World Without End.
<University_of_Paris>	The University of Paris (French: Université de Paris), metonymically known as the Sorbonne (French: [sɔʁbɔn]), was the leading university in Paris, France, active from 1150 to 1970, with the exception between 1793 and 1806 under the French Revolution. Emerging around 1150 as a corporation associated with the cathedral school of Notre Dame de Paris, it was considered the second-oldest university in Europe.Officially chartered in 1200 by King Philip II of France and recognised in 1215 by Pope Innocent III, it was later often nicknamed after its theological College of Sorbonne, in turn founded by Robert de Sorbon and chartered by French King Saint Louis around 1257.Internationally highly reputed for its academic performance in the humanities ever since the Middle Ages – notably in theology and philosophy – it introduced several academic standards and traditions that have endured ever since and spread internationally, such as doctoral degrees and student nations. Vast numbers of popes, royalty, scientists, and intellectuals were educated at the University of Paris. A few of the colleges of the time are still visible close to the Panthéon and Jardin du Luxembourg: Collège des Bernardins (18 rue de Poissy, 5th arr.), Hôtel de Cluny (6 Place Paul Painlève, 5th arr.), Collège Sainte-Barbe (4 rue Valette, 5th arr.), Collège d'Harcourt (44 Boulevard Saint-Michel, 6th arr.), and Cordeliers (21 rue École de Médecine, 6th arr.).
<Quorn>	Quorn is a brand of meat substitute products, or the company that makes them. Quorn originated in the UK and is sold primarily in Europe, but is available in 14 countries. The brand is owned by parent company Monde Nissin.Quorn is sold as both a cooking ingredient and as a meat substitute used in a range of prepackaged meals.
<Vieux_Manoir>	Vieux Manoir (1947–1981)  was a French Thoroughbred racehorse and Champion sire.Bred by Baron Edouard A. de Rothschild and raced by his son Guy following his death in 1949. Members of the prominent Rothschild banking family of France, they owned Haras de Meautry breeding farm in Touques, Calvados where Vieux Manoir was foaled. Vieux Manoir was trained by Frenchman, Geoffroy Watson, a member of the renowned English Racing Colony in Chantilly.Vieux Manoir most notably won the 1950 French Classic, the Grand Prix de Paris, and was second in the British Classic, the St. Leger Stakes.
<Carl_Woese>	Carl Richard Woese (/ˈwoʊz/; July 15, 1928 – December 30, 2012) was an American microbiologist and biophysicist. Woese is famous for defining the Archaea (a new domain of life) in 1977 through a pioneering phylogenetic taxonomy of 16S ribosomal RNA, a technique that has revolutionized microbiology. He also originated the RNA world hypothesis in 1967, although not by that name. Woese held the Stanley O. Ikenberry Chair and was professor of microbiology at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign.Carl Woese was born in Syracuse, New York on July 15, 1928. Woese attended Deerfield Academy in Massachusetts. He received a bachelor's degree in mathematics and physics from Amherst College in 1950. During his time at Amherst, Woese took only one biology course (Biochemistry, in his senior year) and had "no scientific interest in plants and animals" until advised by William M. Fairbank, then an assistant professor of physics at Amherst, to pursue biophysics at Yale.
<Mercedes-Benz_A-Class>	The Mercedes-Benz A-Class is a subcompact car produced by the German automobile manufacturer Mercedes-Benz as the brand's entry-level vehicle. The first generation (internally coded W168) was introduced in 1997, the second generation (W169) in late 2004 and the third generation (W176) in 2012. The fourth generation model (W177), which was launched in 2018, marked the first time the A-Class was offered in the United States and Canada. This fourth generation A-Class is also the first to be offered both as a hatchback (W177) and sedan (V177).Originally manufactured as a five-door hatchback in 1997, the second generation W169 introduced a three-door hatchback. Having grown by 68 cm (27 in) since the original model, the 2012 third generation A-class was longer than the first-generation B-class. The A-Class may be referred to colloquially as the 'Baby Benz', a term Mercedes has used for the 1982 Mercedes 190 (W201), their first compact executive car model.
<Comcast_Spectacor>	Comcast Spectacor is a Philadelphia-based American sports and entertainment company. It owns the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League, the Maine Mariners of the ECHL, the Philadelphia Wings of the National Lacrosse League, the Philadelphia Fusion of the Overwatch League, and formerly owned the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association. The company owns and manages the Wells Fargo Center and formerly managed the Spectrum in South Philadelphia (before that arena was demolished), plus several community skating rinks in the Philadelphia region known as Flyers Skate Zone. The Comcast SportsNet (CSN) regional sports networks were also owned by Comcast Spectacor prior to parent company Comcast's acquisition of NBCUniversal in January 2011; CSN is now operated through NBC Sports.The company was formed in 1974 by Flyers founder and chairman Ed Snider as Spectacor, the parent company of both the Flyers and the Spectrum. Snider had been instrumental in getting the Spectrum built in 1967 and assumed control of the arena in 1971.  He sold a 63% stake in Spectacor to Comcast in 1996 but remained as chairman of the renamed Comcast Spectacor. Shortly afterward, Comcast Spectacor bought the 76ers; as the Spectrum's owner, Snider had been the Sixers' landlord since 1971. Comcast Spectacor sold the 76ers to Joshua Harris in 2011. In April 2016, Snider died at his home in California. On September 22, 2016, Comcast announced that it would buy out the remaining 24% that it did not already own.
<Simon_Curtis_(filmmaker)>	Simon Curtis (born 11 March 1960) is an English director and producer. He has directed theatre productions and the television dramas David Copperfield (1999) and Cranford (2007, 2009). His feature films include the biographical dramas My Week with Marilyn (2011),  Woman in Gold (2015), and Downton Abbey: A New Era (2022).Curtis began his career working at the Royal Court Theatre. His first job was assistant director for Caryl Churchill's Top Girls. He later became assistant director to both Danny Boyle and Max Stafford-Clark. Theatre productions Curtis has worked on include the world premiere of Road, A Lie of the Mind, Roots, Dinner with Friends and The Rise and Fall of Little Voice. In 2010, Curtis directed Serenading Louie at the Donmar Warehouse.
<Robert_F._Furchgott>	Robert Francis Furchgott (June 4, 1916 – May 19, 2009) was a Nobel Prize-winning American biochemist who contributed to the discovery of nitric oxide as a transient cellular signal in mammalian systems.Furchgott was born in Charleston, South Carolina, to Arthur Furchgott (December 1884 – January 1971), a department store owner, and Pena (Sorentrue) Furchgott. He graduated with from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1937 with a degree in chemistry and went on to earn a Ph.D in biochemistry at Northwestern University in 1940.Furchgott was faculty member and professor of pharmacology at Cornell University Medical College from 1940 to 1949, at Washington University School of Medicine from 1949 to 1956, at SUNY Brooklyn from 1956 to 1989, and at the University of Miami from 1989 through the end of his career.
<Society_of_the_Holy_Child_Jesus>	The Society of the Holy Child Jesus is an international community of Roman Catholic sisters founded in England in 1846 by Philadelphia-born Cornelia Connelly. Born Cornelia Peacock in Philadelphia, she was raised a Presbyterian. In 1831 she married Pierce Connelly, an Episcopal priest. They converted to Catholicism in 1835 and separated in 1844, when her husband decided to become a Catholic priest. Cornelia was invited to England to educate girls. There she drew up a set of rules for a new religious congregation, which she called the "Society of the Holy Child Jesus".Bishop Nicholas Wiseman sent her to a convent at St Mary's Church, Derby, where she was soon running a day school for 200 students and training novices for her new institute. In December 1847 she took her perpetual vows as a religious sister and was formally installed as superior general of the society. In 1848, Wiseman, unable to meet expenses connected with the schools, had Cornelia relocate to his district at St. Leonard's-on-Sea in Sussex.
<Dentinho>	Bruno Ferreira Bonfim (born 19 January 1989) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Ceará as a forward. His nickname Dentinho means “little tooth” in Portuguese.He began his career at Corinthians in 2007, and won three titles with the club, the 2009 Copa do Brasil, 2009 Campeonato Paulista, and the 2008 Campeonato Brasileiro Série B. He stayed at the club for four years until moving to Ukraine in 2011 to play for Shakhtar Donetsk, with which he won a domestic treble in 2012: the Ukrainian Premier League, Ukrainian Cup, and Ukrainian Super Cup. He was briefly loaned out to Turkish club Beşiktaş in 2013.
<William_Allan_Award>	The William Allan Award, given by the American Society of Human Genetics, was established in 1961 in memory of William Allan (1881–1943), one of the first American physicians to conduct extensive research in human genetics.The William Allan Award is presented annually to recognize substantial and far-reaching scientific contributions to human genetics carried out over a sustained period of scientific inquiry and productivity. An award of $25,000 and an engraved medal are presented at the Annual Meeting.Source: ASHG
<Brazilian_Democratic_Movement_Party>	The Brazilian Democratic Movement (Portuguese: Movimento Democrático Brasileiro, MDB) is a Brazilian political party. It is considered a "big tent party" and it is one of the parties with the greatest representation throughout the national territory, with the most numbers of senators, mayors and city councillors, always having formed a large plurality at the National Congress since 1988, and also has the largest number of affiliates, with 2,131,547 members as of 2022.Originally, the MDB was founded on 1965 as part of an enforced two party system by the Brazilian military dictatorship, providing an official, if controlled, opposition. With political opening, on 1980 the former members of the MDB created the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party (Portuguese: Partido do Movimento Democrático Brasileiro, PMDB), name which was known until 2018. It was the party of former Presidents of Brazil Tancredo Neves, José Sarney, Itamar Franco and Michel Temer, as well providing support for the governments of Fernando Henrique Cardoso, Luíz Inácio Lula da Silva and Dilma Rousseff, as well as unofficial support for the government of Jair Bolsonaro.
<Vilma_Santos>	Rosa Vilma Tuazon Santos-Recto (Tagalog pronunciation: [ˈsɐntɔs ˈrɛktɔ], born November 3, 1953) is a Filipino actress, singer, dancer, TV host, producer, and politician. She served as a House Deputy Speaker since 2019 to 2022 and as the Representative of Batangas' 6th district since 2016 to 2022.Her career as an actress has spanned more than five decades, beginning when she debuted as a child actress in the 1963 film Trudis Liit, for which she won her first FAMAS Award (Best Child Performer). She won the FAMAS Award for Best Actress for her dual role in Dama de Noche (1972). She has portrayed the superhero Darna in four films beginning with Lipad, Darna, Lipad! (1973). Santos produced Pagputi ng Uwak, Pag-itim ng Tagak (1978), which won both the FAMAS Award for Best Picture and the Gawad Urian for Best Film. In local media, she has been referred to as "Star for All Seasons" for the varied genres of her films and holds the titles of Grand Slam Queen, Queen of Queens, and the Longest Reigning Box Office Queen of Philippine Cinema. She was hailed as the enduring Grand Dame of the Philippine Film Industry by a foreign critic at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival, the first Filipina actress to be bestowed such a tile.Santos is also a prominent politician, and had served as governor of Batangas for three consecutive terms and as mayor of Lipa for also three consecutive terms. She was elected as the Representative for the Lone District of Lipa, Batangas in 2016. She was encouraged by various political parties to run for the Senate in 2019, but refused to do so.
<David_Cordón>	David Cordón Mesa (born 12 November 1975 in Madrid) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a left back.
<Charles_Schuchert_Award>	The Charles Schuchert Award  is presented by the Paleontological Society to a person under 40 whose work reflects excellence and promise in the science of paleontology. The award was made in honor of Charles Schuchert (1858 – 1942), an American invertebrate paleontologist.Source: Paleontological SocietyThis award-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Congressional_Gold_Medal>	The Congressional Gold Medal is an award bestowed by the United States Congress. It is Congress's highest expression of national appreciation for distinguished achievements and contributions by individuals or institutions. The congressional practice of issuing gold medals to occasionally honor recipients from the military began during the American Revolution. Later the practice extended to individuals in all walks of life and in the late 20th century also to groups. The Congressional Gold Medal and the Presidential Medal of Freedom are the highest civilian awards in the United States. The congressional medal seeks to honor those, individually or as a group, "who have performed an achievement that has an impact on American history and culture that is likely to be recognized as a major achievement in the recipient's field long after the achievement." However, "There are no permanent statutory provisions specifically relating to the creation of Congressional Gold Medals. When a Congressional Gold Medal has been deemed appropriate, Congress has, by legislative action, provided for the creation of a medal on an ad hoc basis." Thus, there are generally fewer gold medals than presidential medals. U.S. citizenship is not a requirement.As of June 24, 2021[update], 173 institutions, people, or events have been awarded a Congressional Gold Medal.Since the American Revolution, Congress has commissioned gold medals as its highest expression of national appreciation for distinguished achievements and contributions. The medal was first awarded in 1776 by the Second Continental Congress to General George Washington. Although the first recipients were military figures who participated in the American Revolution, the War of 1812 and the Mexican–American War, Congress broadened the scope of the medal to include actors, authors, entertainers, musicians, pioneers in aeronautics and space, explorers, lifesavers, notables in science and medicine, athletes, humanitarians, public servants, and foreign recipients. The medal is normally awarded to persons, but in 1979 the American Red Cross became the first organization to be honored with a gold medal.
<Maila_Anchal>	Maila Aanchal (Hindi: मैला आँचल; English: The Soiled Border) is a 1954 Hindi novel written by Phanishwar Nath Renu. After Premchand's Godan, 'Maila Anchal' is regarded as the most significant Hindi novel in the Hindi literature tradition. It is one of the greatest examples of "Anchalik Upanyas" (regional novel) in Hindi.It was the writer's first novel and immediately established him as a serious writer in Hindi literature. It radically shifted the prevalent narrative styles in Hindi novels and changed the structure of Hindi novels. It has contributed towards the study of Hindi as a language and also constitutes the major curriculum of Hindi course.
<Irene_Wellington>	Irene Bass Sutton Wellington (1904–1984) was an influential British calligrapher and teacher of calligraphy.Born in Lydd, Kent, in 1904, Irene Bass attended Ashford County School, and later Maidstone School of Art, where she began her study of calligraphy in 1921. She was influenced by Edward Johnston's book, Writing & Illuminating & Lettering (1906). In 1925 she won a Royal Exhibition scholarship to the Royal College of Art, where Johnston taught, and earned a diploma with a specialty in calligraphy. She was his assistant at the Royal College of Art in 1928.
<Walt_Disney_Imagineering>	Walt Disney Imagineering Research & Development, Inc., commonly referred to as Imagineering, is the research and development arm of The Walt Disney Company, responsible for the creation, design, and construction of Disney theme parks and attractions worldwide. The company also manages The Walt Disney Company's properties, from Walt Disney Studios in Burbank to New Amsterdam Theatre and Times Square Studios Ltd. in New York City. Founded by Walt Disney to oversee the production of Disneyland, it was originally known as Walt Disney, Inc. then WED Enterprises, from the initials meaning "Walter Elias Disney", the company co-founder's full name. Headquartered in Glendale, California, Imagineering is composed of "Imagineers", who are illustrators, architects, engineers, lighting designers, show writers and graphic designers.The term Imagineering, a portmanteau, was introduced in the 1940s by Alcoa to describe its blending of imagination and engineering, and used by Union Carbide in an in-house magazine in 1957, with an article by Richard F. Sailer called "BRAINSTORMING IS IMAGination engINEERING". Disney filed for a trademark for the term in 1989, claiming first use of the term in 1962. Imagineering is a registered trademark of Disney Enterprises, Inc.
<Oliver_Wolcott_Jr.>	Oliver Wolcott Jr. (January 11, 1760 – June 1, 1833) was an American politician and judge. He was the second United States Secretary of the Treasury, a judge of the United States Circuit Court for the Second Circuit, and the 24th Governor of Connecticut. His life spanned from working in Connecticut, followed by the U.S. federal government in the Department of Treasury, before returning to Connecticut where he spent his life before his death. Throughout his time in politics, Wolcott's political views shifted from Federalist, to Toleration, and finally Jacksonian. Oliver Wolcott Jr. is the son to Oliver Wolcott Sr., part of the Griswold-Wolcott family. Born on January 11, 1760, in Litchfield, Connecticut Colony, British America, Wolcott served in the Continental Army from 1777 to 1779, during the American Revolutionary War, then graduated from Yale University in 1778, where he was a member of Brothers in Unity and read law in 1781.Oliver Wolcott Jr. and the Wolcott family were part of the Standing Order in Connecticut. This was a small group of families that were the elite members of Connecticut society, influencing politics, religion, and social power. John Adams compared them to the aristocracy of Connecticut. Wolcott Jr. developed his own sense of beliefs that differed from the Standing Order and was more inclusive of the general population in Connecticut.
<Wende_Wagner>	Wende Wagner, also known as Wendy Wagner (December 6, 1941 – February 26, 1997) was an American actress best known for her roles in The Green Hornet and Rio Conchos.Born to a U.S. Navy commander and swimming and diving coach father (John H. Wagner) and a mother (Rudy Arnold Wagner) who was a champion skier, Wagner grew up on Coronado Island in California and lived in nearly all the Continental United States with her family's various naval postings.[citation needed]While living in Coronado, California, with her family, Billy Wilder, then filming Some Like It Hot (1959), saw Wagner swimming and offered her a screen test.  Her parents forbade it until she completed her senior year at Coronado High School. Some Like It Hot was filmed at the Hotel del Coronado as well as on the Coronado beaches. After graduating,  she visited Wilder and did a screen test, but turned down a role in The Apartment (1960).
<The_New_York_Times_Magazine>	The New York Times Magazine is an American Sunday magazine supplement included with the Sunday edition of The New York Times. It features articles longer than those typically in the newspaper and has attracted many notable contributors. The magazine is noted for its photography, especially relating to fashion and style. Its puzzles have been popular since their introduction.[citation needed]Its first issue was published on September 6, 1896, and contained the first photographs ever printed in the newspaper. In the early decades, it was a section of the broadsheet paper and not an insert as it is today. The creation of a "serious" Sunday magazine was part of a massive overhaul of the newspaper instigated that year by its new owner, Adolph Ochs, who also banned fiction, comic strips and gossip columns from the paper, and is generally credited with saving The New York Times from financial ruin. In 1897, the magazine published a 16-page spread of photographs documenting Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee, a "costly feat" that resulted in a wildly popular issue and helped boost the magazine to success.In its early years, The New York Times Magazine began a tradition of publishing the writing of well-known contributors, from W. E. B. Du Bois and Albert Einstein to numerous sitting and future U.S. Presidents. Editor Lester Markel, an "intense and autocratic" journalist who oversaw the Sunday Times from the 1920s through the 1950s, encouraged the idea of the magazine as a forum for ideas. During his tenure, writers such as Leo Tolstoy, Thomas Mann, Gertrude Stein, and Tennessee Williams contributed pieces to the magazine. When, in 1970, The New York Times introduced its first op-ed page, the magazine shifted away from publishing as many editorial pieces.
<Mary_II_of_England>	Mary II (30 April 1662 – 28 December 1694) was Queen of England, Scotland, and Ireland, co-reigning with her husband, William III & II, from 1689 until her death in 1694.Mary was the eldest daughter of James, Duke of York, and his first wife Anne Hyde. Mary and her sister Anne were raised as Anglicans at the behest of their uncle, King Charles II, although their parents both converted to Roman Catholicism. Charles lacked legitimate children, making Mary second in the line of succession. She married her first cousin, William of Orange, a Protestant, in 1677. Charles died in 1685 and James took the throne, making Mary heir presumptive. James's attempts at rule by decree and the birth of his son from a second marriage, James Francis Edward (later known as "the Old Pretender"), led to his deposition in the Glorious Revolution of 1688 and the adoption of the English Bill of Rights.
<Alan_Ball_(screenwriter)>	Alan Erwin Ball (born May 13, 1957) is an American writer, director, and producer for television, film, and theater.Ball wrote the screenplay for American Beauty, for which he earned an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay. He also created the series Six Feet Under and True Blood, works for which he earned an Emmy as well as awards from the Writers, Directors, and Producers Guilds of America. He was an executive producer on the Cinemax television series Banshee. He also wrote and directed the film Uncle Frank.
<Vladimir_Kuzov>	Vladimir Parvanov Kuzov (Bulgarian: Владимир Първанов Кузов) is a Bulgarian politician. He was an MP in the 40th National Assembly.In early 2009, several months before the end of the mandate of the National Assembly, Kouzov received a suspended sentence for child sexual abuse. and his status as an MP was taken away.Vladimir Kuzov entered parliament on July 11, 2005 on the list of the National Attack League, but at the beginning of February 2006 was expelled from the parliamentary group of the coalition after saying that he faced police investigation for homosexual acts with minors. According to the National Attack League party, Kouzov proposed for MP from National Movement for the Salvation of the Fatherland and closest to his political circle "New Dawn". He introduced Bill 26 as an MP.
<Jerrold_Tarog>	Jerrold Viacrucis Tarog (/dʒɛˈrɒld/; born May 30, 1977) is a Filipino film director, screenwriter, producer, editor, and composer. He is best known for directing Heneral Luna (2015), Bliss (2017), Goyo: The Boy General (2018), and the upcoming film Darna. His first feature film was the independently-produced Confessional (2007), followed by Mangatyanan (2009) and Sana Dati (2013). He directed segments for the Shake, Rattle & Roll horror series.Jerrold Tarog was born in Manila on May 30, 1977, and grew up in Canlubang, Laguna. He is the only child of Jose, an Overseas Filipino Worker from Bicol, and Aurora, who hails from Leyte. Tarog learned to play the drum at age six, and the piano at age seven.
<Donald_Charles_Cameron_(politician)>	Sir Donald Charles Cameron, KCMG, DSO, VD (19 November 1879 – 19 November 1960) was an Australian politician and soldier. He was a member of the Australian House of Representatives as the Nationalist Party of Australia member for Brisbane from 1919 to 1931 and as the United Australia Party member for Lilley from 1934 to 1937.Born in Brisbane, the son of a grazier, he was educated at Toowoomba Grammar School and Brisbane Grammar School. He served with the Queensland Imperial Bushmen in the Second Boer War and with American forces in China during the Boxer Rebellion. He managed the family property, Kensington Downs, along with his brothers between 1902 and 1914, when he enlisted in World War I. He was shot through the liver and lung at the Battle of Gallipoli, and finished the First World War as a lieutenant colonel in command of the 5th Light Horse Regiment. He was mentioned in despatches, received the Order of the Nile, and was appointed a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George for his war service.
<Sebastian_Roché>	Sebastian Roché (born 4 August 1964) is a French actor. He is known for his roles as Kurt Mendel in Odyssey 5, Jerry Jacks in General Hospital, Thomas Jerome Newton in Fringe, Balthazar in Supernatural, Mikael in both The Vampire Diaries and The Originals, and Reichsminister Martin Heusmann in The Man in the High Castle.Roché has appeared in the films The Last of the Mohicans (1992), The Peacemaker (1997), 15 Minutes (2001), Sorry, Haters (2005), The Namesake (2006), New York City Serenade (2007), Beowulf (2007), Happy Tears (2009), Safe House (2012), Wer (2013), A Walk Among the Tombstones (2014), and We Love You, Sally Carmichael! (2017). He also starred in the Broadway plays Salome (1992) and The Green Bird (2000).
<Hans-Ulrich_Schmincke>	Hans-Ulrich Schmincke (born 21 October 1937) is a notable German volcanologist.Hans-Ulrich Schmincke studied between 1957 and 1964 geology and petrology at different universities in Germany and the USA: Universität Göttingen, Albert-Ludwigs-Universität Freiburg, RWTH Aachen as well as Johns Hopkins University and University of California, Santa BarbaraHe was a research fellow at University of Tübingen in 1964–65 and at University of Heidelberg 1965–1969.
<AFL_(video_game_series)>	The AFL video game series is a series of Australian rules football video games based on the AFL. Released originally by Beam Software, it has since been developed by several other game developers.
<Bernardino_Zaccagni>	Bernardino Zaccagni (c. 1455 – 1531) was an Italian architect, mainly active in a Renaissance style in Parma.He was born in Rivalta di Lesignano, and died in Parma. Little is known of his training, except that his father, Francesco, was also a builder or architect. He was active in the construction of the churches of San Benedetto (1498-1501) and Santa Maria del Carmine (1500-1502) in Parma. In San Benedetto he worked along with Pellegrino da Pontremoli. He helped design the small chapel of Pedrignano near Parma (1507-1509). He helped build the hospital of Rodolfo Tanzi (1506-1511).Among his most important works are the design (after 1510) of the dome of San Giovanni Evangelista. He worked with Cavazzoli in this work. Zaccagni also was employed, along with his son Giovanni Francesco Zaccagni in helping design and build the church of Santa Maria della Steccata, but by 1525, he was replaced by Gianfrancesco Ferrari d’Agrate, who completed the work in 1539.
<Orange/Newark_Tornadoes>	The Orange Tornadoes and Newark Tornadoes were two manifestations of a long-lived professional American football franchise that existed in some form from 1887 to 1941 and from 1958 to 1970, having played in the American Amateur Football Union from 1888 to 1895, the National Football League from 1929 to 1930, the American Association from 1936 to 1941, the Atlantic Coast Football League from 1963 to 1964 and 1970, and the Continental Football League from 1965 to 1969. The team was based for most of its history in Orange, New Jersey, with many of its later years in Newark. Its last five seasons of existence were as the Orlando Panthers, when the team was based in Orlando, Florida. The NFL franchise was sold back to the league in October 1930. The team had four head coaches in its two years in the NFL – Jack Depler in Orange, and Jack Fish, Al McGall and Andy Salata in Newark.The Orange Tornadoes can trace their roots back to the Orange Athletic Club. The Orange A.C.  was originally an amateur football team that began play in 1887. The team's first ever game was a 36–0 loss to the Seton Hall University football team. By the 1890s the Orange became a semi-pro team. In 1892, the team practiced under electric lights at night to prepare for an October 8 game against Rutgers College. The Orange A. C. would go on to win that game 22–10. In 1893, the team won the American Football Union Championship, after posting an 8–2 record. In 1902, the Orange A. C. played against Philadelphia Phillies and the Philadelphia Athletics of the first National Football League. The team also played in World Series of Football in that year, at Madison Square Garden. In 1902, Orange lost to All-Syracuse, 36–0. However, the team returned to the World Series of Football in 1903, when they played the Watertown Red & Black and the eventual champion, the Franklin Athletic Club. Orange lost to Watertown, 11–0, and to Franklin, 12–0. However, it did manage to defeat the Oreo Athletic Club of Asbury Park, 22–0.The Orange team became an established independent pro team from 1919 until 1928, under the nickname the Orange AC Golden Tornadoes. During this time, Orange defeated the New York Brickley Giants of the NFL. They also played pre-NFL versions of the Frankford Yellow Jackets and the Staten Island Stapletons. They also played against the Atlantic City Roses and the Millville Big Blue, two of the top independent teams of the 1920s. By 1928, Orange held the New York Giants and Frankford Yellow Jackets to close scores. On September 16, 1928 Orange held the 1927 NFL Champion New York Giants to just a 7–0 victory. A week earlier the NFL's previous champions, the Frankford Yellow Jackets, were held to a 12–0 victory. Orange showed that their team could compete in the NFL.
<Konstantinos_Tsatsos>	Konstantinos D. Tsatsos (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Τσάτσος; July 1, 1899 – October 8, 1987) was a Greek diplomat, professor of law, scholar and politician. He served as the second President of the Third Hellenic Republic from 1975 to 1980.He was born in Athens in 1899. After graduating from the Law School of the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens in 1918 he joined the diplomatic corps. After completing his doctoral studies (1924–1928) in Heidelberg, Weimar Republic Germany, he returned to Greece where he became a professor of law in 1933. In 1940, he was arrested and exiled for opposing the 4th of August Regime under Prime Minister of Greece Ioannis Metaxas. During the Axis occupation of Greece during World War II, Tsatsos participated in the Greek Resistance and then he fled to the Middle East, where the exiled Greek government was seated.After the end of World War II, in 1945 he returned to Greece and entered politics and became minister for the first time, serving as Interior Minister in the first cabinet of Vice Admiral Petros Voulgaris (8 April – 11 August 1945). In 1946, when he decided to participate more actively in the politics of Greece, he resigned from his post National and Kapodistrian University of Athens and then he became a member of the Liberal Party. After the formation of the National Radical Union by Constantine Karamanlis, in 1955 he became a member of the party and one of the closest colleagues of Karamanlis, although, ideologically, he was a centrist-liberal and not a conservative.
<Tel_Aviv>	Tel Aviv-Yafo (Hebrew: תֵּל־אָבִיב-יָפוֹ, romanized: Tēl-ʾĀvīv-Yāfō [tel aˈviv ˈjafo]; Arabic: تَلّ أَبِيب – يَافَا, romanized: Tall ʾAbīb-Yāfā), often referred to as just Tel Aviv, is the most populous city in the Gush Dan metropolitan area of Israel. Located on the Israeli Mediterranean coastline and with a population of 460,613, it is the economic and technological center of the country. If East Jerusalem is considered part of Israel, Tel Aviv is the country's second most populous city after Jerusalem; if not, Tel Aviv is the most populous city ahead of West Jerusalem.Tel Aviv is governed by the Tel Aviv-Yafo Municipality, headed by Mayor Ron Huldai, and is home to many foreign embassies. It is a beta+ world city and is ranked 57th in the 2022 Global Financial Centres Index. Tel Aviv has the third- or fourth-largest economy and the largest economy per capita in the Middle East. The city currently has the highest cost of living in the world. Tel Aviv receives over 2.5 million international visitors annually. A "party capital" in the Middle East, it has a lively nightlife and 24-hour culture. The city is gay-friendly, with a large LGBT community. Tel Aviv has been called "The World's Vegan Food Capital", as it possesses the highest per capita population of vegans in the world, with many vegan eateries throughout the city. Tel Aviv is home to Tel Aviv University, the largest university in the country with more than 30,000 students.
<Brookline,_Massachusetts>	Brookline /ˈbrʊklaɪn/ is a town in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, in the United States, and part of the Boston metropolitan area. Brookline borders six of Boston's neighborhoods: Brighton, Allston, Fenway–Kenmore, Mission Hill, Jamaica Plain, and West Roxbury. The city of Newton lies to the west of Brookline. Brookline was first settled in 1638 as a hamlet in Boston, known as Muddy River; it was incorporated as a separate town in 1705.At the time of the 2020 United States Census, the population of the town was 63,191. It is the most populous municipality in Massachusetts to have a town (rather than city) form of government.
<StudioCanal_UK>	StudioCanal Limited, operating as StudioCanal (formerly Optimum Releasing), is the official branch of StudioCanal in the British Isles. The company releases many films, including foreign, anime (mostly Studio Ghibli), independent, art, British, Irish and American films in the United Kingdom and sometimes Ireland.The company was founded in October 1998, and began operation as Optimum Releasing in May 1999. The company, at the time, was exclusively a theatrical distributor, holding distribution of new releases and UK rights to the back catalogues of other companies. Optimum's first theatrical release was a restored version of The Third Man, licensed from Le Studio Canal+, and was released in July of that year, on the same weekend as the anticipated UK release of Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace.
<Francis_Bretherton>	Francis Patton Bretherton (6 July 1935 – 27 June 2021) was an applied mathematician and a professor emeritus of the Department of Atmospheric and Oceanic Sciences at the University of Wisconsin, Madison.After graduating from Cambridge University, he worked in the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics (DAMTP) at the University of Cambridge from 1962–1969, progressing from senior assistant in research, to assistant director of research, to university lecturer. In 1964, he introduced the Bretherton equation in applied mathematics. From 1969–1974, he was associated with the Johns Hopkins University, first as a professor in the Department of Earth & Planetary Sciences, and then as chief scientist at the Chesapeake Bay Institute.
<Taipei>	Taipei (/ˌtaɪˈpeɪ/), officially Taipei City, is the capital and a special municipality of the Republic of China (Taiwan). Located in Northern Taiwan, Taipei City is an enclave of the municipality of New Taipei City that sits about 25 km (16 mi) southwest of the northern port city of Keelung. Most of the city rests on the Taipei Basin, an ancient lakebed. The basin is bounded by the relatively narrow valleys of the Keelung and Xindian rivers, which join to form the Tamsui River along the city's western border.The city of Taipei is home to an estimated population of 2,646,204 (2019), forming the core part of the Taipei–Keelung metropolitan area, which includes the nearby cities of New Taipei and Keelung with a population of 7,047,559, the 40th most-populous urban area in the world—roughly one-third of Taiwanese citizens live in the metro district. The name "Taipei" can refer either to the whole metropolitan area or just the city itself. Taipei has been the seat of the ROC central government since 1949 and was the seat of Taiwan Province from 1887 to 1895 and again from 1945 until 1956 when the provincial government moved to Zhongxing New Village in Nantou County, it became the nation's special municipality (then known as Yuan-controlled municipality) on 1 July 1967 from provincial city status.
<Robert_M._MacQueen>	Virginia Polytechnic Institute, 1960–19611964–1966 Instructor in astronomy, Goucher College, Baltimore, Maryland1967–1973 Staff scientist (he gained senior scientist status in 1973), High Altitude Observatory, Boulder, Colorado
<Paddington,_New_South_Wales>	Paddington is an upscale inner-city area of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia. Located 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) east of the Sydney central business district, Paddington lies across two local government areas. The portion south of Oxford Street lies within the City of Sydney, while the portion north of Oxford Street lies within the Municipality of Woollahra. It is often colloquially referred to as "Paddo". Paddington is bordered to the west by Darlinghurst, to the east by Centennial Park and Woollahra, to the north by Edgecliff and Rushcutters Bay and to the south by Moore Park.
<Kevin_P._Chilton>	Kevin Patrick "Chilli" Chilton (born November 3, 1954) is an American mechanical engineer and retired United States Air Force four-star general, test pilot, and NASA astronaut. His last assignment was as commander of U.S. Strategic Command from October 3, 2007, to January 28, 2011. Prior to his appointment to general officer ranks, Chilton spent 11 years of his military career as a NASA astronaut. He retired from the Air Force on February 1, 2011, after having achieved the highest rank of any military astronaut. On January 30, 2012, General Chilton was named to the board of directors of Orbital Sciences Corporation.Born November 3, 1954, in Los Angeles, California, he graduated from St. Bernard High School, Playa del Rey, California, in 1972. He received a Bachelor of Science degree in engineering sciences from the United States Air Force Academy in 1976, and a Master of Science degree in mechanical engineering from Columbia University on a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1977. He enjoys reading and all sports, including running, snow skiing, sailing, and softball.Chilton received his commission from the U.S. Air Force Academy in 1976. After receiving his pilot wings at Williams Air Force Base, Arizona in 1978, he qualified in the RF-4C Phantom II and was assigned to the 15th Tactical Reconnaissance Squadron at Kadena Air Base, Japan. From 1978 until 1980, he served as a combat-ready pilot and instructor pilot in the RF-4C in Korea, Japan and the Philippines.
<Midway_Games>	Midway Games Inc., known previously as Midway Manufacturing and Bally Midway, and commonly known as simply Midway, was an American video game developer and publisher. Midway's franchises included  Mortal Kombat, Rampage, Spy Hunter, NBA Jam, Cruis'n, and NFL Blitz. Midway also acquired the rights to video games that were originally developed by Williams Electronics and Atari Games, such as Defender, Joust, Robotron 2084, Gauntlet, and the Rush series.The company was founded as Midway Manufacturing in 1958, as an amusement game manufacturer. The company was then purchased by Bally Manufacturing in 1969, and used the Bally Midway name in the 1980s. In 1973, Midway moved into the interactive entertainment industry, developing and publishing arcade video games. The company scored its first mainstream hit with the U.S. distribution of Space Invaders in 1978. Bally then merged its pinball division into Midway in 1982. In 1988, Midway was purchased and re-incorporated by WMS Industries Inc. In 199, WMS purchased Tradewest to bring home video game market in-house, with it becoming Midway Home Entertainment in 1996, the same year that Midway made its initial public offering of stock. In 1998, WMS spun off its remaining shares of Midway. Midway was ranked the fourth largest-selling video game publisher in 2000.After 2000, Midway continued to develop and publish video games for home and handheld video game machines, but it experienced large annual net losses and engaged in a series of stock and debt offerings and other financings and borrowings. Sumner Redstone, the head of Viacom and CBS Corporation, increased his stake in Midway from about 15% in 1998 to about 87% by the end of 2007. In December 2008, Redstone sold all his stock and $70 million of Midway debt to Mark Thomas, a private investor, for $100,000.
<I.D._(play)>	I.D. is a historical drama by Antony Sher. It debuted on 4 September 2003 at London's Almeida Theatre, directed by Nancy Meckler.The play is adapted from the book A Mouthful of Glass by Henk van Woerden, and follows the events surrounding the trial and imprisonment of the mentally unstable Demetrios Tsafendas, who in 1966 assassinated South African Prime Minister Hendrik Verwoerd.The original cast included:
<University_of_Zurich>	The University of Zürich (UZH, German: Universität Zürich) is a public research university located in the city of Zürich, Switzerland. It is the largest university in Switzerland, with its 28,000 enrolled students. It was founded in 1833 from the existing colleges of theology, law, medicine which go back to 1525, and a new faculty of philosophy.Currently, the university has seven faculties: Philosophy, Human Medicine, Economic Sciences, Law, Mathematics and Natural Sciences, Theology and Veterinary Medicine. The university offers the widest range of subjects and courses of any Swiss higher education institution.
<Irish_National_Stud>	The Irish National Stud (official name: Comhlacht Graí Náisiúnta na hÉireann Teo.) is a Thoroughbred horse breeding facility in Tully, Kildare, County Kildare, Ireland. It was formally established by incorporation on 11 April 1946 under the National Stud Act, 1945 and is owned by the Irish Government.The Japanese Gardens at Tully were created between the years 1906–1910. They were devised by Colonel William Hall-Walker (later Lord Wavertree), a wealthy Scotsman of a famous brewery family, and laid out by Japanese craftsman Tassa Eida and his son Minoru. Tassa, his wife and two sons lived at Curragh House, now the Racing Apprentice Centre of Education.  Tassa remained at Tully until 1911 when he and his family moved to London to create another garden. Tassa Eida died in 1912 on his intended return journey to Japan and no more was heard of him or his family until Brian Eida, a son of Minoru, turned up as a tourist in the late 1980s to admire the work of his grandfather Tassa.
<Talia_Balsam>	Talia Balsam (born March 5, 1959) is an American television and film actress. Balsam was born in New York City on March 5, 1959, to actors Martin Balsam and Joyce Van Patten. Her ancestry is Russian Jewish (father) and Italian, Dutch, and English (mother). She is the niece of actor Dick Van Patten, actress Pat Van Patten and actor and director Tim Van Patten. Her cousin is actress Grace Van Patten.She attended a boarding school in Tucson, Arizona, in her adolescent years.[citation needed]
<Boston_University_School_of_Medicine>	The Boston University Chobanian & Avedisian School of Medicine, formerly the Boston University School of Medicine, is one of the graduate schools of Boston University. Founded in 1848, the medical school  was the first institution in the world to formally educate female physicians. Originally known as the New England Female Medical College, it was subsequently renamed Boston University School of Medicine in 1873, then Chobanian & Avedisian School of Medicine in 2022. In 1864, it became the first medical school in the United States to award an M.D. degree to an African-American woman.Chobanian & Avedisian School of Medicine is the only medical school located in the South End neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts. Boston Medical Center, its primary teaching hospital, operates the largest 24-hour Level I trauma center in New England, and the largest network of regional community health centers.
<David_Lack>	David Lambert Lack FRS (16 July 1910 – 12 March 1973) was a British evolutionary biologist who made contributions to ornithology, ecology, and ethology. His 1947 book, Darwin's Finches, on the finches of the Galapagos Islands was a landmark work as were his other popular science books on Life of the Robin and Swifts in a Tower. He developed what is now known as Lack's Principle which explained the evolution of avian clutch sizes in terms of individual selection as opposed to the competing contemporary idea that they had evolved for the benefit of species (also known as group selection). His pioneering life-history studies of the living bird helped in changing the nature of ornithology from what was then a collection-oriented field. He was a longtime director of the Edward Grey Institute of Field Ornithology at the University of Oxford.Lack was born in London, the oldest of four children of Harry Lambert Lack MD FRCS, who later became President of the British Medical Association. The name 'Lack' is derived from 'Lock'. His father grew up in a farming family from Norfolk and became a leading ear, nose and throat surgeon at the London Hospital. Although his father had some interest in birds as a boy it does not appear that he influenced David's interest. His mother Kathleen was the daughter of Lt. Col. McNeil Rind of the Indian army. Kathleen's father was Scottish and on her mother's side was part Irish, Greek and Georgian. Kathleen had been an actor and was a supporter of women's suffrage. At home they organized meetings of the poetry society. David was schooled at home until seven and then went to the Open Air School in Regent's Park before going to The Hall, Hampstead followed by Foster's School, Stubbington and Gresham's School, Holt, Norfolk. Lack was taught biology at Gresham's by W.H. Foy and G.H. Lockett. He went to Magdalene College, Cambridge and received a BA second class in 1933 after studying botany, zoology and geology for part I of the Tripos and zoology for part II.
<Soviet_Union>	The Soviet Union, officially the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR), was a transcontinental country that spanned much of Eurasia from 1922 to 1991. A flagship communist state, it was nominally a federal union of fifteen national republics; in practice, both its government and its economy were highly centralized until its final years. It was a one-party state governed by the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, with the city of Moscow serving as its capital as well as that of its largest and most populous republic: the Russian SFSR. Other major cities included Leningrad (Russian SFSR), Kiev (Ukrainian SSR), Minsk (Byelorussian SSR), Tashkent (Uzbek SSR), Alma-Ata (Kazakh SSR), and Novosibirsk (Russian SFSR). It was the largest country in the world, covering over 22,402,200 square kilometres (8,649,500 sq mi) and spanning eleven time zones.The country's roots lay in the October Revolution of 1917, when the Bolsheviks, under the leadership of Vladimir Lenin, overthrew the Russian Provisional Government that had earlier replaced the House of Romanov of the Russian Empire. The Bolshevik coup led to the establishment of the Russian Soviet Republic, the world's first constitutionally guaranteed socialist state.  Persisting internal tensions escalated into the Russian Civil War. By 1922 the Bolsheviks under Vladimir Lenin had emerged victorious, forming the Soviet Union. Following Lenin's death in 1924, Joseph Stalin came to power. Stalin inaugurated a period of rapid industrialization and forced collectivization that led to significant economic growth, but also contributed to a famine in 1930–1933 that killed millions. The labour camp system of the Gulag was also expanded in this period. Stalin conducted the Great Purge to remove his actual and perceived opponents. After the outbreak of World War II, Germany invaded the Soviet Union. The combined Soviet civilian and military casualty count—estimated to be around 27 million people—accounted for the majority of losses of Allied forces. In the aftermath of World War II, the territory taken by the Red Army formed various Soviet satellite states.
<James_Irwin>	James Benson Irwin (March 17, 1930 – August 8, 1991) was an American astronaut, aeronautical engineer, test pilot, and a United States Air Force pilot. He served as Apollo Lunar Module pilot for Apollo 15, the fourth human lunar landing. He was the eighth person to walk on the Moon and the first, and youngest, of those astronauts to die.Irwin was born March 17, 1930, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, of Scottish and Irish descent, to parents James William Irwin (1896–1979), a U.S. Army World War I veteran, and Elsa Mathilda Irwin (née Strebel; 1899–1993). Irwin's grandparents emigrated to the U.S. from Altmore Parish at Pomeroy in County Tyrone, Ireland (now Northern Ireland) around 1859.  At about the age of 12, he informed his mother about his desire to go to the Moon, letting her know that he might be the first person to do so (he ended up being the eighth).  He graduated from East High School in Salt Lake City, Utah in 1947. He received a Bachelor of Science degree in Naval Science from the United States Naval Academy in 1951, and Master of Science degrees in Aeronautical Engineering and Instrumentation Engineering from the University of Michigan in 1957.
<Ermal_Fejzullahu>	Ermal Fejzullahu (born 23 August 1988 in Pristina) is a Kosovo-Albanian singer.Ermal Fejzullahu was born on 23 August 1988 in Pristina, Kosovo. He is the son of well-known Albanian singer Sabri Fejzullahu.
<Lyell_Medal>	The Lyell Medal is a prestigious annual scientific medal given by the Geological Society of London, equal in status to the Murchison Medal. This medal is awarded based on one Earth Scientist's exceptional contribution of research to the scientific community.  It is named after Charles Lyell.Source: Geological Society
<Miri_Jiyori>	Miri Jiyori (Assamese: মিৰি জীয়ৰী; literally: The Miri Maiden) is an Assamese novel written by Rajanikanta Bordoloi. The book unveils some important aspects of then-contemporary Mising society and a series of their customs and traditions. It is a social novel based on a simple love story.Miri Jiyori (1894) is a love story by Rajanikanta Bordoloi set in the Miri (now referred to as the Mishing) community. A passionate story about doomed love, it was written at a time when the novel as a literary form was yet in a nascent stage. With a deeply sympathetic portrayal of a young Miri couple who matured from being childhood companions to a deeply committed but doomed couple in love, the novel is also a statement on the Mising community as well as a compassionate plea of humanism. (Note: this text is taken from Tezpur University website)
<David_Robinson_(horticulturist)>	David Willis Robinson (2 April 1928 – 28 March 2004) was a Northern Irish horticultural scientist who made contributions to the national and international fields of horticulture and agriculture, with more than 120 publications.  After a working life in research, in retirement he became a journalist and television/radio presenter and a leader of gardening tours. He cultivated and managed the Earlscliffe Gardens at the Baily, Howth, County Dublin, Ireland.Born in 1928, Robinson said later that he decided on a career in horticulture at the age of 10. His father was a building contractor.
<Walter_Giller>	Walter Giller (23 August 1927 – 15 December 2011) was a German actor. He was very successful in the 1950s and 1960s, when he was often seen as a comedic leading man. One of his most successful and more serious roles was in Roses for the Prosecutor.Giller was born in Recklinghausen. In 1956, he married actress Nadja Tiller; they had two children and appeared together in a number of films. The couple resided in Lugano, Switzerland for many years. In 2009, he was diagnosed with lung cancer. He underwent a major (but unsuccessful) operation. He died in Hamburg in 2011, aged 84.
<Sergio_Torres_Guardeño>	Sergio Torres Guardeño (born 2 March 1984 in Córdoba, Andalusia) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a midfielder.During his senior career, all but spent in the lower leagues, Torres represented Atlético Madrid B – he played three years with the Colchoneros' reserves, in Segunda División B – Ciudad de Murcia, CD Tenerife, Racing Club Portuense, Zamora CF, CF Badalona, Caravaca CF, Burgos CF, Lucena CF, CD Ciudad de Lucena (two spells), Martos CD and Atlético Mancha Real.[citation needed]
<Keeping_You_a_Secret>	Keeping You a Secret is a young adult novel by Julie Anne Peters. It was first published in hardback in 2003, and later in paperback in 2005.  This novel deals with mature themes. It is about a young girl (Holland, aged 17) discovering her sexuality and what it is like to experience homophobia. What starts out as a confusing "girl crush" becomes a discovery of Holland's true feelings and coping with the concept of attraction to a member of her own sex. Other characters in the novel discover her crush and employ various means of physical and emotional abuse and violence, displaying strong homophobic behaviors.This article about a young adult novel of the 2000s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
<Munich>	Munich (/ˈmjuːnɪk/ MEW-nik; German: München [ˈmʏnçn̩] (listen); Bavarian: Minga [ˈmɪŋ(ː)ɐ] (listen)) is the capital and most populous city of the German state of Bavaria. With a population of 1,558,395 inhabitants as of 31 July 2020, it is the third-largest city in Germany, after Berlin and Hamburg, and thus the largest which does not constitute its own state, as well as the 11th-largest city in the European Union. The city's metropolitan region is home to 6 million people. Straddling the banks of the River Isar (a tributary of the Danube) north of the Bavarian Alps, Munich is the seat of the Bavarian administrative region of Upper Bavaria, while being the most densely populated municipality in Germany (4,500 people per km2). Munich is the second-largest city in the Bavarian dialect area, after the Austrian capital of Vienna.The city was first mentioned in 1158. Catholic Munich strongly resisted the Reformation and was a political point of divergence during the resulting Thirty Years' War, but remained physically untouched despite an occupation by the Protestant Swedes. Once Bavaria was established as a sovereign kingdom in 1806, Munich became a major European centre of arts, architecture, culture and science. In 1918, during the German Revolution, the ruling house of Wittelsbach, which had governed Bavaria since 1180, was forced to abdicate in Munich and a short-lived socialist republic was declared. In the 1920s, Munich became home to several political factions, among them the NSDAP. After the Nazis' rise to power, Munich was declared their "Capital of the Movement". The city was heavily bombed during World War II, but has restored most of its traditional cityscape. After the end of postwar American occupation in 1949, there was a great increase in population and economic power during the years of Wirtschaftswunder, or "economic miracle". The city hosted the 1972 Summer Olympics and was one of the host cities of the 1974 and 2006 FIFA World Cups.
<Mikhail_Budyko>	Mikhail Ivanovich Budyko (20 January 1920 – 10 December 2001) was a Soviet and Russian climatologist and one of the founders of physical climatology. He pioneered studies on global climate and calculated temperature of Earth considering simple physical model of equilibrium in which the incoming solar radiation absorbed by the Earth's system is balanced by the energy re-radiated to space as thermal energy.Budyko's groundbreaking book, Heat Balance of the Earth's Surface, published in 1956, transformed climatology from a qualitative into a quantitative physical science. These new physical methods based on heat balance were quickly adopted by climatologists around the world. In 1963, Budyko directed the compilation of an atlas illustrating the components of the Earth's heat balance.Ethnically Belarusian, Budyko earned his M.Sc. in 1942 from the Division of Physics of the Leningrad Polytechnic Institute. As a researcher at the Leningrad Geophysical Observatory, he received his doctorate in physical and mathematical sciences in 1951. Budyko served as deputy director of the Geophysical Observatory until 1954, as director until 1972, and as head of the Division for Physical Climatology at the observatory from 1972 until 1975. In that year he was appointed director of the Division for Climate Change Research at the State Hydrological Institute in Leningrad.
<Shiva_Rose>	Shiva Rose Afshar (born 1969) is an American actress, activist, blogger, and owner of a natural beauty-product line. She is the former wife of actor Dylan McDermott.Shiva Rose Afshar was born on 8 February 1969 in Santa Monica, California of an American mother and Iranian father. Her father Parviz Gharib-Afshar (or Parviz Gharibafshar) is a former Iranian television host and actor. She lived in Iran until 1979, when her family fled during the Iranian Revolution.Rose's past film credits include the 20th Century Fox feature The First $20 Million Is Always the Hardest, directed by Mick Jackson and HBO's original film 61*, directed by Billy Crystal. She starred in the independent film Black Days and was featured at the 2001 Slamdance Film Festival. She appeared in the features Myron's Movie and Red Roses and Petrol with Malcolm McDowell, and Silent Madness-Hollywood Babylon in which she plays the silent screen star Louise Brooks. She completed the short film DysEnchanted, playing the role of Snow White, which premiered at Sundance in January 2004.
<William_Henry_Perkin>	Sir William Henry Perkin FRS (12 March 1838 – 14 July 1907) was a British chemist and entrepreneur best known for his serendipitous discovery of the first commercial synthetic organic dye, mauveine, made from aniline. Though he failed in trying to synthesise quinine for the treatment of malaria, he became successful in the field of dyes after his first discovery at the age of 18.Perkin set up a factory to produce the dye industrially. Lee Blaszczyk, professor of business history at the University of Leeds, states, "By laying the foundation for the synthetic organic chemicals industry, Perkin helped to revolutionize the world of fashion."
<Michael_Smith_(chemist)>	Michael Smith CC OBC FRS (April 26, 1932 – October 4, 2000) was a British-born Canadian biochemist and businessman. He shared the 1993 Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Kary Mullis for his work in developing site-directed mutagenesis. Following a PhD in 1956 from the University of Manchester, he undertook postdoctoral research with Har Gobind Khorana (himself a Nobel Prize winner) at the British Columbia Research Council in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Subsequently, Smith worked at the Fisheries Research Board of Canada Laboratory in Vancouver before being appointed a professor of biochemistry in the UBC Faculty of Medicine in 1966. Smith's career included roles as the founding director of the UBC Biotechnology Laboratory (1987 to 1995) and the founding scientific leader of the Protein Engineering Network of Centres of Excellence (PENCE). In 1996 he was named Peter Wall Distinguished Professor of Biotechnology. Subsequently, he became the founding director of the Genome Sequencing Centre (now called the Genome Sciences Centre) at the BC Cancer Research Centre.Smith was born April 26, 1932, in Blackpool, Lancashire, England. He immigrated to Canada in 1956 and became a Canadian citizen in 1963. Smith married Helen Wood Christie on August 6, 1960, on Vancouver Island, BC, Canada. The couple had three children (Tom, Ian and Wendy) and three grandchildren, but separated in 1983. In his later years, Smith lived with his partner Elizabeth Raines in Vancouver until his death on October 4, 2000.Smith first attended St. Nicholas Church of England School, a state-run elementary school. At the time, few children from state schools in England went on to further academic education, however Smith did well in the eleven plus exam, and was an exception. A scholarship enabled him to attend the Arnold School for Boys. A further scholarship allowed him to study Chemistry at the University of Manchester, where he pursued his interest in industrial chemistry and was awarded a BSc followed by a PhD in 1956 for research into the stereochemistry of diols.
<Kristin_Prevallet>	Kristin Prevallet (b. 1966) is an American poet, essayist, and teacher. Her poetic work incorporates conceptual writing and trance, and her performances are rooted in feminist performance art and spoken word. Everywhere Here and in Brooklyn, I, Afterlife: Essay in Mourning Time, and Trance Poetics are among her poetic books.Prevallet grew up in Denver, Colorado. Her parents were both public school teachers. Before dying of cancer at the age of 46, her mother fulfilled her vows to become a Sister of Loretto. Prevallet studied poetics with Robert Creeley and media studies with Tony Conrad at the University at Buffalo.
<Youth_in_Revolt_(film)>	Youth in Revolt is a 2009 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Miguel Arteta and written by Gustin Nash. Based on C.D. Payne's epistolary novel of the same name, the film stars Michael Cera and Portia Doubleday, with Justin Long, Ray Liotta, and Steve Buscemi in supporting roles.The film follows shy and lonely teenager Nick (Cera) desperate to lose his virginity. While on a trailer park holiday with his mother and her boyfriend, he meets an attractive girl (Doubleday) and is immediately smitten. When the two are separated Nick must learn how to rebel in order to be with the girl he loves.
<Huron_Broadcasting>	Huron Broadcasting was a Canadian radio and television broadcasting company, active in Sault Ste. Marie from 1976 to 1990.The company first entered the broadcasting business in 1976, when it acquired the assets of the city's prior Hyland Broadcasting and Algonquin Broadcasting companies, including CJIC-TV and the radio stations CJIC, CJIC-FM, CKCY and CKCY-FM, as well as CJWA in Wawa, CKNR in Elliot Lake, CJNR in Blind River and CKNS in Espanola.Due to concentration of media ownership rules, Huron then sold the CJIC radio stations to another new company, Gilder Broadcasting, shortly after the merger was completed. (Gilder changed those stations' call signs to CFYN and CHAS.)
<Fiona_Staples>	Fiona Staples is a Canadian comic book artist known for her work on books such as North 40, DV8: Gods and Monsters, T.H.U.N.D.E.R. Agents, Archie, and Saga. She has been described as one of the best artists working in the industry today. She has won multiple Eisner and Harvey Awards.Staples was born in Calgary, Alberta. She attended the Alberta College of Art and Design.Books that have had a seminal impact upon Staples include The Princess and the Goblin by George MacDonald, Dragon of the Lost Sea series by Laurence Yep, the Redwall series by Brian Jacques, and The Chronicles of Narnia books by C. S. Lewis.
<Order_of_Merit>	The Order of Merit (French: Ordre du Mérite) is an order of merit for the Commonwealth realms, recognising distinguished service in the armed forces, science, art, literature, or for the promotion of culture. Established in 1902 by King Edward VII, admission into the order remains the personal gift of its Sovereign—currently Edward VII's great-great-grandson, Charles III—and is restricted to a maximum of 24 living recipients from the Commonwealth realms, plus a limited number of honorary members. While all members are awarded the right to use the post-nominal letters OM and wear the badge of the order, the Order of Merit's precedence among other honours differs between countries.In around 1773, King George III considered establishing an order of knighthood to be called the "Order of Minerva" with membership restricted to 24 distinguished artists and authors. Knights would be entitled to the post-nominal letters KM, and would wear a silver nine-pointed breast star with the image of Minerva at its centre, along with a "straw-coloured" sash worn across the chest from the right shoulder. The motto of the Order would be "Omnia posthabita scientiae" (in Latin, 'Everything comes after science'). Once the King's proposal was made public, however, arguments within intellectual circles over who would be most deserving of the new order grew so heated that George ultimately dropped the idea, though he briefly reconsidered it in 1789; on 6 February of that year, he revised the design of the order, with the breast star to have sixteen points, the motto to be the Latin for "Learning improves character" and with membership to include distinguished scientists. Following the Battle of Trafalgar in 1805, First Lord of the Admiralty Lord Barham and William Pitt exchanged correspondence concerning the possible creation of an order of merit, though nothing came of the idea.
<Lawton_Chiles>	Lawton Mainor Chiles Jr. (April 3, 1930 – December 12, 1998) was an American politician who served as the 41st governor of Florida from 1991 until his death in 1998. A member of the Democratic Party, he previously served as a United States senator from Florida from 1971 to 1989.A Korean War veteran, Chiles later returned to Florida for law school and eventually opened his own private practice in 1955. Three years later, Chiles entered politics with a successful bid for the Florida House of Representatives in 1958, as a member of the Democratic Party.
<Francis_Crick>	Francis Harry Compton Crick OM FRS (8 June 1916 – 28 July 2004) was an English molecular biologist, biophysicist, and neuroscientist. He, James Watson, Rosalind Franklin, and Maurice Wilkins played crucial roles in deciphering the helical structure of the DNA molecule. Crick and Watson's paper in Nature in 1953 laid the groundwork for understanding DNA structure and functions. Together with Maurice Wilkins, they were jointly awarded the 1962 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine "for their discoveries concerning the molecular structure of nucleic acids and its significance for information transfer in living material".Crick was an important theoretical molecular biologist and played a crucial role in research related to revealing the helical structure of DNA. He is widely known for the use of the term "central dogma" to summarise the idea that once information is transferred from nucleic acids (DNA or RNA) to proteins, it cannot flow back to nucleic acids. In other words, the final step in the flow of information from nucleic acids to proteins is irreversible.
<Romford>	Romford is a large town in east London and the administrative centre of the London Borough of Havering. It is located 14.1 miles (22.7 km) northeast of Charing Cross and is one of the major metropolitan centres identified in the London Plan. Historically, Romford was a market town in the county of Essex, and formed the administrative centre of the liberty of Havering before that liberty was dissolved in 1892. Good road links to London and the opening of the railway station in 1839 were key to the development of the town. The economic history of Romford is characterised by a shift from agriculture to light industry and then to retail and commerce. As part of the suburban growth of London throughout the 20th century, Romford significantly expanded and increased in population, becoming a municipal borough in 1937 and was incorporated into Greater London in 1965. Today, it is one of the largest commercial, retail, entertainment and leisure districts in London and has a well-developed night-time economy as well. Its population, as of 2011, was 122,854.Romford is first recorded in 1177 as Romfort, which is formed from Old English 'rūm' and 'ford' and means "the wide or spacious ford". The naming of the River Rom is a local 'back-formation' from the name of the town; and the river is elsewhere known as the Beam. The ford most likely existed on the main London to Colchester road where it crossed that river.
<The_Blue_Max>	The Blue Max is a 1966 British war film directed by John Guillermin and starring George Peppard, James Mason, Ursula Andress, Karl Michael Vogler, and Jeremy Kemp. The film was made in DeLuxe Color and filmed in CinemaScope. The plot is about a German fighter pilot on the Western Front during World War I. The screenplay was written by David Pursall, Jack Seddon, and Gerald Hanley, based on the novel of the same name by Jack D. Hunter as adapted by Ben Barzman and Basilio Franchina.In contrast to films that romanticize the flying aces of the Great War, The Blue Max depicts the protagonist as a man who appears to have no regard for anyone but himself. Set against the realities of modern warfare, the film also explores the decline of chivalry and the advent of total war.
<Thornton_Wilder>	Thornton Niven Wilder (April 17, 1897 – December 7, 1975) was an American playwright and novelist. He won three Pulitzer Prizes — for the novel The Bridge of San Luis Rey and for the plays Our Town and The Skin of Our Teeth —  and a U.S. National Book Award for the novel The Eighth Day.Wilder was born in Madison, Wisconsin, the son of Amos Parker Wilder, a newspaper editor and later a U.S. diplomat, and Isabella Thornton Niven.
<Société_Générale>	Société Générale S.A. (French: [sɔsjete ʒeneʁal]), colloquially known in English as SocGen (French: [sɔk ʒɛn]), is a French-based multinational financial services company founded in 1864, registered in downtown Paris and headquartered nearby in La Défense. Société Générale is France's third largest bank by total assets after BNP Paribas and Crédit Agricole. It is also the sixth largest bank in Europe and the world's eighteenth. It is considered a systemically important bank by the Financial Stability Board. 
<North_Eastern_Region_of_British_Railways>	The North Eastern Region was a region of British Railways from 1948, whose operating area could be identified by the orange signs and colour schemes that adorned its stations and other railway buildings. It was merged with the Eastern Region in 1967. It was the near direct post-nationalisation descendant of the North Eastern Railway, that had merged with some other companies to form the LNER in 1923.In 1958 in a major re-drawing of the region boundaries it gained those former LMS lines that lay in the present-day West and North Yorkshire. In 1967 it was disbanded and merged with the Eastern Region.
<The_West_Point_Story_(TV_series)>	The West Point Story, also known simply as West Point, is a dramatic anthology television series shown in the United States by CBS during the 1956–57 season and by ABC during the 1957–58 season.The West Point Story, produced with the full cooperation of the United States Department of Defense and the United States Military Academy, was said to be based on actual files documenting many of the real-life dramatic occurrences at West Point over the years. Names and dates were altered in order to protect the privacy of the real people portrayed, however.  The program was hosted by a fictional cadet, Charles C. Thompson (portrayed by actor Donald May).During its second season on ABC, The West Point Story was in competition with NBC's The Californians, set in San Francisco during the California Gold Rush of the 1850s, and with The $64,000 Question quiz series on CBS. The West Point Story was replaced on the summer schedule in 1958 by Jack Wyatt's Confession, which continued to air during the first half of the 1958–1959 season in the 10 p.m. Tuesday evening time slot.
<'It's_Alive!'>	It's Alive! is a 1969 American monster movie directed by Larry Buchanan and distributed by American International Pictures. The story concerns a mad farmer who tries to feed a stranded couple to a dinosaur he keeps in a cave.Norman Sterns and Leela Sterns are newlyweds who are driving from their home in New York City to Los Angeles. They become lost and run out of gas, stranding them in the rural Ozark countryside. They meet a friendly paleontologist named Wayne Thomas. Wayne suggests that they visit the nearest farm that could provide gas. The farm is run by a strange man named Greely, who tells them that the gasoline truck was supposed to arrive the previous day, but since it didn't, he expects it there any minute. Greely suggests that they go inside to the parlor, where it's cooler. On the way up to the house, he asks if they know anybody out here, in case they may be waiting for them. They say no, and when they get inside, Greely goes off to tell his "housekeeper" Bella to make some iced tea. She argues with him about what he will "do with them", but Greely smacks her, and threatens that she will "take their place" if she doesn't serve them some tea.Thomas arrives and Greely goes outside. He tells them that their car won't start. Wayne decides to take a look at the engine and tells Greely to go back to his truck and get a tool. Greely instead beats him on the back of the head with it and drags his body off. Meanwhile, Leela appears to be worried about Greely, because he is acting strange and his eyes don't look right. She then compares his eyes to a stuffed lizard across the room. Greely comes back inside and tells them that he had to do a chore. Leela wants to go back outside, but Greely tells them that they could check out his "collection" while waiting for the truck.
<Nicolas_Rasmussen>	Nicolas "Nic" Rasmussen FAHA (born 1962) is a historian of modern life sciences, and a professor in the School of Humanities and Languages at the University of New South Wales.With major interests in the history of amphetamines, the history of drug abuse, and the history of clinical trials, he has higher degrees in history and philosophy of science, developmental biology, and public health.
<Calgary>	Calgary (/ˈkælɡəri/ (listen) KAL-gər-ee) is the largest city in the western Canadian province of Alberta and the largest metro area of the three Prairie Provinces. As of 2021, the city proper had a population of 1,306,784 and a metropolitan population of 1,481,806, making it the  third-largest city and fifth-largest metropolitan area in Canada.Calgary is situated at the confluence of the Bow River and the Elbow River in the south of the province, in the transitional area between the Rocky Mountain Foothills and the Canadian Prairies, about 80 km (50 mi) east of the front ranges of the Canadian Rockies, roughly 299 km (186 mi) south of the provincial capital of Edmonton and approximately 240 km (150 mi) north of the Canada–United States border. The city anchors the south end of the Statistics Canada-defined urban area, the Calgary–Edmonton Corridor.
<Roland_Rainer>	Roland Rainer (1 May 1910 – 10 April 2004) was an Austrian architect.Born in Klagenfurt, Roland Rainer decided to become an architect when he was 18, so he studied at the Vienna University of Technology. His thesis was about the Karlsplatz in Vienna. Then, he left Austria visiting the Netherlands and the German Academy for Urban Design in Berlin. He became a Member of the ruling Nazi Party and endorsed their policies in his theoretical works. After World War II, he returned to Austria and continued writing, including his most famous work Urban design prose.He was then called to several universities: the Technical University of Berlin, the Technical University at Brunswick, Technion - Israel Institute of Technology, and the Technical University of Munich. In 1953, Rainer became professor for housing, urban design, and land use planning at the Leibniz University Hannover. In 1954, he became professor for structural engineering at the Graz University of Technology, which forced him to commute between Graz and Hannover. From 1954, Rainer led the Master School for Architecture at the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna.
<The_Big_Bird_Cage>	The Big Bird Cage is a 1972 American exploitation film of the "women in prison" subgenre. It serves as a non-sequel follow-up to the 1971 film The Big Doll House. The film was written and directed by Jack Hill, and stars Pam Grier, Sid Haig, Anitra Ford, and Carol Speed.Blossom (Pam Grier), a buxom bad girl, is the rough-and-ready girlfriend of a radical guerrilla leader, Django (Sid Haig). She keeps her relationship a secret, but is also quick to start a fight without knowing it. However, when Django's mercenary friends itch for some female companionship, she softens and the two devise a plan to liberate the inmates of a local women's prison, where the inmates are kept barefoot and subjected to brutally hard labor. A woman named Terry (Anitra Ford), a social climber, ends up in the prison herself because of Blossom and Django's earlier robbery. She is now forced to deal with crazy inmates, gay guards, and torture of the cage. Terry, Blossom, and Django (who busted in by seducing Rocco, one of the guards) eventually come together to face off against the warden Zappa (Andrés Centenera) to stage an explosive breakout.
<Carol_Hughes_(actress)>	Carol Hughes (born Catherine Mabel Hukill, January 17, 1910 – August 8, 1995) was an American actress. She is best remembered for her leading roles opposite Gene Autry and Roy Rogers, and for her role as Dale Arden in Flash Gordon Conquers the Universe (1940).Hughes was born in Chicago, Illinois, to Charles, an upholsterer, and Mable Hukill (née Stift). Both of her parents were born in Chicago; her mother's grandparents were from Germany. She was raised in a rented house at 2122 Pearl Court in Chicago along with a cousin, Pearl Hukill. As a teenager, she was drawn to acting and participated in school plays.
<Reunion_Wilderness>	Reunion Wilderness is the debut album by English band the Railway Children, released in 1987 by record label Factory. It topped the UK Independent Albums Chart.Trouser Press wrote: "Gary Newby's attractive voice is the band's only notable asset; otherwise this exercise in ringing electric guitars and briskly strummed acoustics is entirely routine."
<Hispano-Suiza_J12>	The Hispano-Suiza J12 is a luxury automobile that was made by Hispano-Suiza in France from 1931 to 1938.  It was the largest and most expensive car ever built by Hispano-Suiza. It replaced the Hispano-Suiza H6. The J12 was only available as a chassis, buyers having to arrange with an outside coachbuilder to integrate a body.Hispano-Suiza suspended automobile production in 1938 to concentrate on the manufacture of aircraft engines.The J12 was powered by a 60° V12 engine with pushrod-operated overhead valves and a seven-bearing crankshaft. The engine initially displaced 9.4 L (574 cu in) with bore and stroke both being 100 mm (3.9 in) and with a compression ratio of 5.0:1, delivered 220 hp at 3000 rpm. Two cars were fitted with long-stroke engines displacing 11.3 L (690 cu in) and delivering 250 hp, and several J12s were later upgraded to the larger engine.  Each engine block was machined from a single 700 lb (318 kg) billet.
<Quentin_Davies>	John Quentin Davies, Baron Davies of Stamford (born 29 May 1944) is a British Labour politician and life peer who served as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Grantham and Stamford from 1987 to 2010. He served as a junior defence minister in the Brown ministry from 2008 to 2010.A Conservative until his high-profile defection in 2007, Davies was a member of Iain Duncan Smith's Shadow Cabinet from 2001 to 2003 as the Shadow Northern Ireland Secretary.
<Academia_Sinica>	Academia Sinica (AS, Latin: Academia Sinica, lit. 'Chinese Academy'; Chinese: 中央研究院; pinyin: Zhōngyāng Yánjiùyuàn; lit. 'Central Research Academy'), headquartered in Nangang, Taipei, is the national academy of Taiwan. Founded in Nanking, the academy supports research activities in a wide variety of disciplines, ranging from mathematical and physical sciences to life sciences, and to humanities and social sciences. As an educational institute, it provides PhD training and scholarship through its English-language Taiwan International Graduate Program in biology, agriculture, chemistry, physics, informatics, and earth and environmental sciences.Academia Sinica is ranked 144th in Nature Publishing Index - 2014 Global Top 200 and 18th in Reuters World's Most Innovative Research Institutions of 2019. The current president since 2016 is James C. Liao, an expert in metabolic engineering, systems biology and synthetic biology.Academia Sinica, which means "Chinese Academy", was founded in 1928 in Nanking, then capital of the Republic of China, with its first meeting held in Shanghai. By December 1948, all fourteen institutes of the Academia Sinica had agreed to move from Nanking to Taiwan alongside other institutions of the government of the Republic of China as a result of the Chinese Civil War. In the end, only the Academia Sinica's Institute of History and Philology was relocated to Taiwan, because the head of the Institute of Mathematics, Jiang Lifu, resigned his position in June 1949, and never traveled to Taiwan.
<Dennis_Hopper>	Dennis Lee Hopper (May 17, 1936 – May 29, 2010) was an American actor, filmmaker and photographer. He attended the Actors Studio, made his first television appearance in 1954, and soon after appeared in Giant (1956). In the next ten years he made a name in television, and by the end of the 1960s had appeared in several films, notably Cool Hand Luke (1967) and Hang 'Em High (1968). Hopper also began a prolific and acclaimed photography career in the 1960s.Hopper made his directorial film debut with Easy Rider (1969), which he and co-star Peter Fonda wrote with Terry Southern. The film earned Hopper a Cannes Film Festival Award for "Best First Work" and a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay (shared with Fonda and Southern). Journalist Ann Hornaday wrote: "With its portrait of counterculture heroes raising their middle fingers to the uptight middle-class hypocrisies, Easy Rider became the cinematic symbol of the 1960s, a celluloid anthem to freedom, macho bravado and anti-establishment rebellion". Film critic Matthew Hays wrote "no other persona better signifies the lost idealism of the 1960s than that of Dennis Hopper".
<James_Cornell>	James Cornell (23 December 1874 – 25 November 1946) was an Australian politician who served as a member of the Legislative Council of Western Australia from 1912 until his death. He was elected President of the Legislative Council in July 1946, but served just four months before dying in office.Cornell was born in Merrijig, Victoria, to Barbara Jane (née Brown) and Henry Cornell. He came to Western Australia in 1897, initially working as a station hand at a lease on the Ashburton River. In 1900, Cornell moved to the Eastern Goldfields, working as a miner, labourer, and iron worker's assistant in Boulder. He became involved with the trade union movement, and eventually became an official of the regional trades and labour council.
<Brooklyn_Dodgers_(NFL)>	Red, blue, silver, white (1937–43)       The Brooklyn Dodgers were an American football team that played in the National Football League from 1930 to 1943, and in 1944 as the Brooklyn Tigers. The team played its home games at Ebbets Field of the baseball National League's team, the Brooklyn Dodgers. In 1945, because of financial difficulties and the increasing scarcity of major league-level players because of the war-time defense requirements at the height of World War II, the team was merged with the Boston Yanks and were known as the Yanks for that season.This old NFL franchise was not related to the earlier (second incarnation) American Football League II with a franchise that played as the Brooklyn Tigers for the first half of the 1936 season before moving to Rochester, New York and playing as the Rochester Tigers. Another NFL team that played in the Brooklyn borough was the Brooklyn Lions (which became the Brooklyn Horsemen after merging with a team from an earlier first incarnation AFL  of the same name) in 1926.
<Esperanza_Baur>	Esperanza Baur Díaz (born Esperanza Díaz Ceballos; July 17, 1920 – March 10, 1961) was a Mexican actress, and was the second wife of John Wayne.Born Esperanza Díaz Ceballos, nicknamed "Chata", she appeared in a small number of Spanish language films, both in leading and supporting roles.
<Mindpro_Citimall>	SM City Mindpro is a shopping mall located along La Purisima St. cor. Campaner St., Brgy. Zone III, Zamboanga City. It is owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings (70%), the largest retail and mall operator in the Philippines, and Mindpro Retail Inc. (30%), opened on December 8, 2020. It is the first SM Supermall in Zamboanga Peninsula, 7th SM Supermall in Mindanao and the 76th SM Supermall in the Philippines after SM City Butuan in Butuan.Prior to SM's partial acquisition, the mall as Mindpro Citimall houses Mindpro Supermarket, 3 cinemas, a foodcourt and a digital hub. Although it was initially reported that the property was acquired by SM Prime Holdings last August 2016, Mindpro Retail Inc., still holds 30% of its ownership.Mindpro Citimall is owned and operated by Mindpro Retail Inc, a family corporation based in Zamboanga City. The mall, which was at a location that was used to be Jingyong Bowling and Mindpro Lumberyard, started in early 1992. The historic opening of the shopping mall was on December 7, 1996. The cinemas (originally three) were opened in February 1997. Mindpro Citimall has been the site of regional entertainment events, trade fairs, and exhibits.
<Will_Reiser>	Will Reiser is an American screenwriter and producer. He is best known for writing the 2011 film 50/50, which was based on his own experience with cancer.He is the cousin of actor and comedian Paul Reiser.Reiser attended Hampshire College in Amherst, Massachusetts, graduating in 2003.
<Amelia_Jones>	Amelia Jones (born July 14, 1961) originally from Durham, North Carolina is an American art historian, art theorist, art critic, author, professor and curator. Her research specialisms include feminist art, body art, performance art, video art, identity politics, and New York Dada. Jones's earliest work established her as a feminist scholar and curator, including through a pioneering exhibition and publication concerning the art of Judy Chicago; later, she broadened her focus on other social activist topics including race, class and identity politics. Jones has contributed significantly to the study of art and performance as a teacher, researcher, and activist.She is the daughter of Virginia Sweetnam Jones and Edward E. Jones, a Princeton Psychology professor. She studied art history as an undergraduate at Harvard University and completed her M.A. at the University of Pennsylvania. She received her Ph.D. from UCLA in 1991. Her dissertation was later turned into a published book, Postmodernism and the Engendering of Marcel Duchamp (1994). On March 7, 1987, Jones married Anthony Sherin, a film editor. They divorced in 2005. In 2007, Jones married artist Paul Donald. She has two children, Evan and Vita, from her first marriage. Jones currently resides in Los Angeles, California.After completing her PhD, Jones left Los Angeles to teach at universities throughout the United States as well as in Manchester, England and Montreal, Canada. She has taught art history at University of California, Riverside and the University of Manchester, where she served as the Pilkington Chair of the department. She also served as the Grierson Chair in Visual Culture at McGill University in Montreal and has held visiting professorships at Maine College of Art, Texas Christian University, University of Colorado, Boulder, and Washington University in St. Louis. She is currently the Robert A. Day Professor and Chair of Critical Studies at the USC Roski School of Art and Design, where she also serves as Vice Dean of Research. She is affiliated faculty in the Department of American Studies and Ethnicity in the USC Dornsife College of Letters, Arts and Sciences.
<Craig_Braham-Barrett>	Craig Michael Braham-Barrett (born 28 June 1988) is a professional footballer who is currently playing as a defender for Tonbridge Angels. Born in England, he represents the Montserrat national football team.Braham-Barrett began his career with Charlton Athletic before he was released in 2007. He played non-league football with Eastleigh, East Thurrock United and Welling United before joining Peterborough United in October 2008 for a fee of £10,000. He failed to make an impression at London Road and re-entered non-league football with Grays Athletic, Farnborough Town, Havant & Waterlooville, Sutton United before joining Conference Premier side Macclesfield Town in July 2012. After a season at Macclesfield he joined Cheltenham Town on loan in July 2013. He made his Football League debut in a 2–2 draw with Burton Albion on 3 August 2013. He made his transfer permanent on 20 August 2013.
<Jamby_Madrigal>	Maria Ana Consuelo Madrigal-Valade (born Maria Ana Consuelo Abad Santos Madrigal; April 26, 1958), better known as Jamby Madrigal, is a Filipina politician and businesswoman. She was elected as a senator in the 2004 elections. After only one term, she ran for the presidency in the 2010 elections and lost.Jamby Madrigal was born in Manila, Philippines on April 26, 1958 to Antonio Madrigal-López y Paterno (1918–2006) and Amanda Abad Santos y Teopaco. She is the granddaughter of the former Supreme Court Chief Justice José Abad Santos of San Fernando, Pampanga. Her grand uncle – pre-Commonwealth Assemblyman Pedro Abad Santos – founded the Socialist Party of the Philippines.Her paternal grandfather was billionaire businessman and Senator Vicente Lopez Madrigal of Ligao, Albay. Her aunt, Pacita Madrigal-Warns, was a Senator during the Quezon and Magsaysay administrations and was the first administrator of the Social Welfare Administration, the predecessor of today's Department of Social Welfare and Development (DSWD). Her late uncle and aunt were former Acting Minister of Foreign Affairs Manuel Collantes and heiress Consuelo "Chito" Madrigal.
<John_Yarmuth>	John Allan Yarmuth (/ˈjɑːrmɪθ/ YAR-mith; born November 4, 1947) is an American politician and former newspaper editor serving as the U.S. representative for Kentucky's 3rd congressional district since 2007. His district encompasses the vast majority of the Louisville Metro Area. Since 2013, he has been the only Democratic member of Kentucky's congressional delegation. Yarmuth chairs the House Budget Committee. On October 12, 2021, he announced that he would not seek reelection in 2022.Yarmuth was born in Louisville, Kentucky, the son of Edna E. (née Klein) and Stanley R. Yarmuth. He is descended from Jewish immigrants from Russia and Austria. He graduated from Atherton High School. He later graduated from Yale University, majoring in American studies.
<Båtsfjord_Airport_(1973–99)>	Båtsfjord Airport (Norwegian: Båtsfjord flyplass) is a former regional airport located at Båtsfjorddalen in Båtsfjord, Norway. It consisted of an 800-by-30-meter (2,625 by 98 ft) gravel runway aligned 01–19 (roughly north–south) and had a simple terminal building. Construction of the airport was started a local aviation club in 1972 and was completed with a 600-meter (2,000 ft) runway in May 1973. The runway was extended the following year and in 1976 the airport was municipalized. From the start Norving operated air taxi and air ambulance flights. Following an upgraded terminal in 1978, the taxi services became scheduled and the Britten-Norman Islander was introduced to Kirkenes and Vadsø. From 1983 the Dornier 228 entered service on the Båtsfjord route.Widerøe took over the route with its de Havilland Canada Twin Otter in 1990. From 1993 Widerøe started replacing these with the larger de Havilland Canada Dash 8 aircraft, but had to keep one Twin Otter in operation past 1995 because it could not land on the gravel runway at Båtsfjord. To allow for Dash 8 services, a new airport was built further up in the valley. It opened on 9 September 1999, the same day the old airport was closed.Varangfly, later renamed Norving, was the first airline to operate regularly to Båtsfjord. Using seaplanes they flew both air taxi and air ambulance services to Kirkenes, starting in the 1960s. The regular services were terminated in 1963 with the opening of Kirkenes Airport, Høybuktmoen. Varangfly applied to the government for concession and subsidies to operate to Båtsfjord, but the application was rejected. In 1964 Varangfly took initiative to develop plans for a small airfield in Båtsfjord and several other villages in Finnmark. This was followed up by the regional authorities; a Finnmark County Council-appointed committee published a report in 1966 recommending Båtsfjord as one of six regional airports in Finnmark. As the county had the lowest priority on the state-financed construction of regional airports, there were many locals who called for an intermediate solution with locally financed and simpler airfields. Båtsfjord was considered for inclusion in the state-financed regional network, but skipped when it proved difficult to find a suitable location.
<UnipolSai>	UnipolSai Assicurazioni S.p.A. is an Italian financial services company based in Bologna and founded in 2014. It is part of Unipol Group.On 6 January 2014 the companies Unipol Assicurazioni, Milano Assicurazioni and Premafin (a holding company related to Fondiaria-Sai) were absorbed into Fondiaria-Sai, with the company was relocated to Bologna and renamed to UnipolSai.The company is one of the biggest in Italy, particularly active in the insurance sector in the life, property and in the auto where in Italy is the leader with over 16.7 million of customers.
<Jochen_Küpper>	Jochen Küpper FRSC is a German chemist and physicist, group leader at the Center for Free-Electron Laser Science, Deutsches Elektronen-Synchrotron DESY, and Professor of Physics and Professor by courtesy of Chemistry at the University of Hamburg, Germany.He is best known for his pioneering work on the control of complex neutral molecules, including the spatial separation of structural isomers and their laser-alignment and mixed-field orientation. He develops novel techniques to control the external and internal degrees of freedom of neutral molecules and exploits these well-defined samples in experiments to image their nuclear and electronic structure and dynamics.Jochen Küpper received several awards, including the prestigious Nernst Haber Bodenstein Prize of the German Bunsen-Society for Physical Chemistry< in 2009 and an ERC Consolidator Grant in 2013. He was elected as Fellow of the Royal Society of Chemistry in 2014.
<Sanders_Anne_Laubenthal>	Sanders Anne Laubenthal (December 25, 1943 – May 15, 2002) was an American poet, novelist, historian and textbook writer.Laubenthal served the United States Air Force from the time of the Vietnam War, starting writing OJT books for trainees in comic book style to train for lower level jobs such as dining hall cooks. She served as editor of many Air Force professional journals. Having reached the rank of Major in the Air Force, she retired, but continued to do research and write many reports/articles for the military. She had just finished her last military project and received payment for another reprint for Excalibur before she died from diabetic complications. Friends describe her as a quiet lady who was loyal and always creating.Much of Laubenthal's work concerns Mobile, Alabama, of which she was a native. She also wrote about the history of unrecorded areas of Scotland. She is best known, however, for one major work, the Arthurian fantasy Excalibur, first published in the Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in August 1973 and reprinted a number of times since.
<Elaine_Pagels>	Elaine Pagels, née Hiesey (born February 13, 1943), is an American historian of religion. She is the Harrington Spear Paine Professor of Religion at Princeton University. Pagels has conducted extensive research into early Christianity and Gnosticism.Her best-selling book The Gnostic Gospels (1979) examines the divisions in the early Christian church, and the way that women have been viewed throughout Jewish history and Christian history. Modern Library named it as one of the 100 best books of the twentieth century.Pagels (pronounced Paygulls) was born February 13, 1943, in California. She is the daughter of Stanford University botanist William Hiesey. According to Pagels, she has been fascinated with the Gospel of John since her youth. She found it to be "the most spiritual of the four gospels". After joining an Evangelical church at the age of 13, she quit when the church announced that a Jewish friend of hers who had been killed in a car crash would go to hell because he had not been "born again".  Pagels remained fascinated by the power of the New Testament.  She started to learn Greek when she entered college, and read the Gospels in their original language. She graduated from Stanford University, earning a BA in 1964 and MA in 1965. After briefly studying dance at Martha Graham's studio, she began studying for a PhD in religion at Harvard University as a student of Helmut Koester and part of a team studying the Nag Hammadi library manuscripts.
<Yavor_Notev>	Yavor Bozhilov Notev (Bulgarian: Явор Божилов Нотев) is a Bulgarian politician, member of the Bulgarian political party "Attack." He is a deputy in the 43rd National Assembly of Bulgaria.Yavor Notev was born on 10 July 1957 in Sofia. He graduated in law at Sofia University "St. Kliment Ohridski". Five years working as an investigator in the department for the investigation of serious accidents and catastrophes. Since 1988, a lawyer from the Sofia college and working on criminal cases. MP from Attack in the 41st, 42nd, vice president of the 43rd National Assembly, Deputy Chairman of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the first rotating Chairman of the Subcommittee control SIMs. Candidate for mayor of the town. Sofia in 2015, a candidate for Vice President of the Republic of Bulgaria Ataka in 2016 Bulgarian presidential election, paired with the presidential candidate of VMRO Krasimir Karakachanov. The couple received the support of the parliamentary parties of the Patriotic Front - and NFSB VMRO and Ataka.
<Paul_Byrne_(footballer,_born_1972)>	Paul Peter Byrne  (born 30 June 1972 in Dublin) is an Irish former football player, who played as a midfielder during the 1990s and 2000s.Paul grew up in Bluebell and played for Bluebell United as a youngster before being snapped up by Oxford United. He made his league debut as a 16-year-old against Barnsley alongside the likes of Ray Houghton. Byrne played 30 or so games for Oxford but moved to Arsenal where he spent 6 months in the reserve team under George Armstrong without making a first team appearance.
<North_Coast_railway_line,_New_South_Wales>	The North Coast Line is the primary rail route in the Mid North Coast and Northern Rivers regions of New South Wales, Australia, and forms a major part of the Sydney–Brisbane rail corridor.
<Cedar_Crest_Park>	Cedar Crest Golf Course, formerly Cedar Crest Country Club, is a public golf course in the southern United States, located in Dallas, Texas. South of downtown in the Cedar Crest neighborhood, the course was designed by A. W. Tillinghast and was the site of the tenth PGA Championship in 1927, won by Walter Hagen in early November. It was his fourth consecutive PGA title and fifth overall, the ninth of his eleven major championships. Cedar Crest also hosted the Dallas Open in 1926, won by Macdonald Smith in late January.Established in 1916 and opened 103 years ago in 1919, the course is where a young Harry Cooper (1904–2000) honed his skills. The country club was closed in 1929, changed ownership, and then was purchased by the city in 1946. It hosted the United Golf Association Negro National Open in 1954, and the USGA's Public Links later that year.A new $2 million clubhouse was built in 2001. In 2004,the course was renovated in by D. A. Weibring and Steve Wolfard.
<Steven_Fletcher_(politician)>	Steven John Fletcher, PC MLA (born June 17, 1972) is a former Canadian politician. He served in senior roles in the Conservative Party of Canada in opposition and in government, including 5 years as a Federal Cabinet Minister. After four terms as a Member of Parliament, he served a term as a member of the Manitoba Legislative Assembly for one term.Fletcher served in the House of Commons of Canada from 2004 to 2015, representing the riding of Charleswood—St. James—Assiniboia as a member of the Conservative Party. In 2004 the then leader of the opposition Stephen Harper appointed Fletcher to the shadow cabinet as health critic. After forming government, Fletcher was appointed as Parliamentary Secretary to Health in 2006. He was appointed to cabinet in 2008. He served on numerous cabinet committees. He was the Minister for Democratic Reform and then after the 2011 election, was appointed to Minister of State (Transport). He was the first quadriplegic and wheelchair user to serve in the House of Commons, as well as in Cabinet. Fletcher was appointed as Minister of State (Democratic Reform) on October 30, 2008. After the Conservative Party victory on May 2, 2011, Fletcher was appointed as Minister of State (Transport).Fletcher received the Queen's Golden Jubilee Medal on December 17, 2002 for his contributions to society and advocacy work. He received the Queen's Diamond Jubilee Medal in 2012.
<Geneva>	Geneva (/dʒəˈniːvə/ jə-NEE-və; French: Genève [ʒənɛv] (listen)) is the second-most populous city in Switzerland (after Zürich) and the most populous city of Romandy, the French-speaking part of Switzerland. Situated in the south west of the country, where the Rhône exits Lake Geneva, it is the capital of the Republic and Canton of Geneva.The city of Geneva (ville de Genève) had a population 201,818 in 2019 (Jan. estimate) within its small municipal territory of 16 km2 (6 sq mi), but the Canton of Geneva (the city and its closest Swiss suburbs and exurbs) had a population of 499,480 (Jan. 2019 estimate) over 246 km2 (95 sq mi), and together with the suburbs and exurbs located in the canton of Vaud and in the French departments of Ain and Haute-Savoie the cross-border Geneva metropolitan area as officially defined by Eurostat, which extends over 2,292 km2 (885 sq mi), had a population of 1,032,750 in Jan. 2019 (Swiss estimates and French census).
<Nenad_Ban>	Nenad Ban is a Croatian biochemist born in Zagreb, Croatia who currently works at the ETH Zurich, Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, as a professor of Structural Molecular Biology.Nenad Ban was born in 1966 in Zagreb. His parents, Jasna and Zvonimir, were scientists and university professors. He received a degree in molecular biology at the Faculty of Science, University of Zagreb and decided to continue with his studies in the United States where he obtained a PhD degree at the University of California, Riverside in the laboratory of Alexander McPherson. His interest in large macromolecular assemblies led him for his postdoctoral work to the Department of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry at Yale University where he determined the atomic structure of the large ribosomal subunit by X-ray crystallography, as part of the group in the laboratory of Thomas A. Steitz. These results demonstrated that the ribosome is a ribozyme.Since 2000 Nenad Ban is a professor of structural molecular biology at the ETH Zurich. (Swiss Federal Institute of Technology). His group is studying structure and function of large cellular assemblies using a combination of crystallographic, electron microscopic and biochemical experiments. Specifically focusing on various ribosomal complexes involved in co-translational protein processing, folding, and targeting.
<Harry_Elderfield>	Professor Henry "Harry" Elderfield FRS (25 April 1943 – 19 April 2016), was Professor of Ocean Chemistry and Palaeochemistry at the Godwin Laboratory in the Department of Earth Sciences at the University of Cambridge. He made his name in ocean chemistry and palaeochemistry, using trace metals and isotopes in biogenic carbonate as palaeochemical tracers, and studying the chemistry of modern and ancient oceans - especially those of the glacial epoch and the Cenozoic.Elderfield received his education from Eston Grammar School. He attended the University of Liverpool obtaining a Bachelor of Science degree in chemistry (oceanography) in 1965. He worked as a research fellow in the Geology Department, Imperial College London between 1968 and 1969 whilst completing his PhD at the University of Liverpool in 1970.[citation needed]
<Oxford_University_Press>	Oxford University Press (OUP) is the university press of the University of Oxford. It is the largest university press in the world, and its printing history dates back to the 1480s. Having been officially granted the legal right to print books by decree in 1586, it is the second oldest university press after Cambridge University Press.It is a department of the University of Oxford and is governed by a group of 15 academics known as the Delegates of the Press, who are appointed by the vice-chancellor of the University of Oxford. The Delegates of the Press are led by the Secretary to the Delegates, who serves as OUP's chief executive and as its major representative on other university bodies. Oxford University Press has had a similar governance structure since the 17th century. The press is located on Walton Street, Oxford, opposite Somerville College, in the inner suburb of Jericho.
<British_Hong_Kong>	Coordinates: 22°16′N 114°09′E﻿ / ﻿22.267°N 114.150°E﻿ / 22.267; 114.150Hong Kong was a colony and later a dependent territory of the British Empire from 1841 to 1997, apart from a period of occupation under the Japanese Empire from 1941 to 1945 during the Pacific War. The colonial period began with the British occupation of Hong Kong Island in 1841, during the First Opium War between the British and the Qing dynasty. The Qing had wanted to enforce its prohibition of opium importation within the dynasty that was being exported mostly from British India, as it was causing widespread addiction among its populace.The island was ceded to Britain by the Treaty of Nanking, ratified by the Daoguang Emperor in the aftermath of the war of 1842. It was established as a crown colony in 1843. In 1860, the British took the opportunity to expand the colony with the addition of the Kowloon Peninsula after the Second Opium War, while the Qing was embroiled in handling the Taiping Rebellion. With the Qing further weakened after the First Sino-Japanese War, Hong Kong's territory was further extended in 1898 when the British obtained a 99-year lease of the New Territories.
<An_Enemy_of_the_People>	An Enemy of the People (original Norwegian title: En folkefiende), an 1882 play by Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen, followed his previous play, Ghosts, which criticized the hypocrisy of his society's moral code. That response included accusations of both Ghosts and its author being  "scandalous," "degenerate," and "immoral." In An Enemy of the People, a man dares to expose an unpalatable truth publicly and is punished for it. However, Ibsen took a somewhat skeptical view of his protagonist, suggesting that he may have gone too far in his zeal to tell the truth. Ibsen wrote to his publisher: "I am still uncertain as to whether I should call [An Enemy of the People] a comedy or a straight drama. It may [have] many traits of comedy, but it also is based on a serious idea."Dr. Thomas Stockmann is the medical officer of a recently opened spa in a small town. The play begins with a dinner party hosted by Dr. Stockmann and his wife, Katrine. The dinner guests include Dr. Stockmann's brother Peter (the mayor) and Hovstad (the editor of the newspaper). Peter asks Stockmann about a rumor that Hovstad is about to print an article the doctor wrote regarding the spa baths. Dr. Stockmann is evasive about the nature of this article, and Peter leaves. Petra, Dr. Stockmann's daughter, brings in a letter containing lab test results confirming Dr. Stockmann's suspicions that the spa water is contaminated with bacteria, and Hovstad agrees to print Dr. Stockmann's article, although revealing the truth may force the baths to shut down, with negative repercussions for the town's economy. Dr. Stockmann has mixed reactions to these events but ultimately rejoices about preventing harm through the contaminated water.
<Mercedes-Benz_CLA-Class>	The Mercedes-Benz CLA class is a series of luxury compact executive cars manufactured by Mercedes-Benz since 2013. The first generation was a four-door sedan based on the platform of the W176 A-Class and W246 B-Class compact cars, marketed as a four-door coupé. In 2015, Mercedes-Benz expanded the CLA family to include the Shooting Brake, a station wagon configuration. As the V177 A-Class sedan took its place as the budget-conscious sedan, the second generation got longer and wider than the W205 C-Class.The CLA is Mercedes-Benz's first front-wheel drive vehicle offered in the North American market. The CLA range is positioned above the A-Class and it is nearly on the level of the C-Class in the Mercedes model range, and models tend to be less practical than the A-Class it is based on.The CLA first went on sale in Europe in April 2013, and was subsequently introduced in the United States in September 2013. Its largest markets are Western Europe and the United States. Global cumulative CLA sales reached 100,000 during its first year, cited as "our best launch in 20 years" by Mercedes-Benz. Worldwide, Mercedes-Benz sold about 750,000 units of the first generation.
<Edith_Borella>	Edith Borella (November 25, 1890 - March 6, 1974) was an American silent film actress of Swiss descent. She starred in films such as the 1913 film Through the Neighbor's Window with Charlotte Burton which was her debut. Her career only lasted two years between 1913 and 1915 but in that period of time she starred in 46 films. She married popular English-American actor Edward Coxen in 1914.
<Maximilian_Schell>	Maximilian Schell (8 December 1930 – 1 February 2014) was an Austrian-born Swiss actor, who also wrote, directed and produced some of his own films. He won the Academy Award for Best Actor for the 1961 American film Judgment at Nuremberg, his second acting role in Hollywood. Born in Austria, his parents were involved in the arts and he grew up surrounded by acting and literature. While he was a child, his family fled to Switzerland in 1938 when Austria was annexed by Nazi Germany, and they settled in Zurich. After World War II ended, Schell took up acting and directing full-time. He appeared in numerous German films, often anti-war, before moving on to Hollywood.Schell was top billed in a number of Nazi-era themed films, as he could speak both English and German. Among those were two films for which he received Oscar nominations: The Man in the Glass Booth (1975; Best Actor), where he played a character with two identities, and Julia (1977; Best Supporting Actor), in which he helps the underground in Nazi Germany.
<John_Pople>	Sir John Anthony Pople KBE FRS (31 October 1925 – 15 March 2004) was a British theoretical chemist who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Walter Kohn in 1998 for his development of computational methods in quantum chemistry.Pople was born in Burnham-on-Sea, Somerset, and attended the Bristol Grammar School. He won a scholarship to Trinity College, Cambridge, in 1943. He received his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1946. Between 1945 and 1947 he worked at the Bristol Aeroplane Company. He then returned to the University of Cambridge and was awarded his PhD in mathematics in 1951 on lone pair electrons.
<Suttree>	Suttree is a semi-autobiographical novel by Cormac McCarthy, published in 1979.  Set in Knoxville, Tennessee, over a four-year period starting in 1950, the novel follows Cornelius Suttree, who has repudiated his former life of privilege to become a fisherman on the Tennessee River. The novel has a fragmented structure with many flashbacks and shifts in grammatical person. Suttree has been compared to James Joyce's Ulysses and John Steinbeck's Cannery Row, and called "a doomed Huckleberry Finn" by Jerome Charyn. Suttree was written over a 20-year span and is a departure from McCarthy's previous novels, being much longer, more sprawling in structure, and perhaps his most humorous.The novel begins with Suttree observing police as they pull a suicide victim from the river. Suttree is living alone in a houseboat, on the fringes of society on the Tennessee River, earning money by fishing for the occasional catfish. He has left a life of luxury, rejecting his parents' influence, and abandoning his wife and young son.A large cast of characters, largely composed of misfits and grotesques, is introduced, one of which is a dimwitted young man named Gene Harrogate, whom Suttree meets during a short stint in a work camp-style prison. Harrogate was sent to prison after being caught "violating" a farmer's watermelons. Suttree attempts to help Harrogate stay out of trouble after he is released, but this task proves to be in vain as Harrogate sets off on a series of misadventures, including using poisoned meat and a slingshot to kill bats ("flitter-mice" as Harrogate calls them) to earn a bounty on them, and using dynamite in an attempt to tunnel underneath the city and burgle the treasury. Other prominent characters are prostitutes, hermits, alcoholics, and an aged Geechee witch.
<Simon_Church>	Simon Richard Church (born 10 December 1988) is a retired footballer who last played as a striker for Football League One side Plymouth Argyle.He spent ten years at Reading after signing for their academy as a teenager. In six years as a professional, he scored 22 goals in 104 league appearances before moving to Charlton Athletic, MK Dons and finally Roda JC Kerkrade. He has also had several loan spells, including 6 goals in 13 games for Aberdeen.
<Tommy_Chong>	Thomas B. Kin Chong (born May 24, 1938) is a Canadian-American actor, comedian, musician, activist. He is known for his marijuana-themed Cheech & Chong comedy albums and movies with Cheech Marin, as well as playing the character Leo on Fox's That '70s Show. He became a naturalized United States citizen in the late 1980s.Thomas B. Kin Chong was born on May 24, 1938, in Edmonton, Alberta. His mother was of Scotch-Irish Canadian ancestry, and his father was a Chinese Canadian who immigrated in the 1930s. He had an older brother, Stan (1936-2019). After arriving in Canada, the senior Chong had first lived with an aunt in Vancouver.
<Rail_Wheel_Factory>	Rail Wheel Factory, Yelehanka (RWF) (also known as Wheel and Axle Plant) is a manufacturing unit of Indian Railways, producing wheels, axles and wheel sets of railroad wagons, coaches and locomotives for the use of Indian Railways and overseas customers is situated at Yelahanka, Bangalore in the Indian state of Karnataka.The unit was started by C. K. Jaffer Sharief, the then Railway Minister, who got this project to Bangalore. It was commissioned in 1984 to manufacture wheels and axles for the Indian Railways.
<Chris_Hemsworth>	Christopher Hemsworth AM (born 11 August 1983) is an Australian actor. He rose to prominence playing Kim Hyde in the Australian television series Home and Away (2004–2007) before beginning a film career in Hollywood. In the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), Hemsworth started playing Thor with the 2011 film of the same name and most recently reprised the role in Thor: Love and Thunder (2022), which established him among the world's highest-paid actors.His other film roles include the action films Star Trek (2009), Snow White and the Huntsman (2012), Red Dawn (2012), Blackhat (2015), Men in Black: International (2019), Extraction (2020), the thriller A Perfect Getaway (2009) and the comedy Ghostbusters (2016). Hemsworth's most critically acclaimed films include the comedy horror The Cabin in the Woods (2012) and the biographical sports film Rush (2013) in which he portrayed James Hunt.
<Civic_Platform>	Civic Platform (Polish: Platforma Obywatelska, PO) is a political party in Poland. It is currently led by Donald Tusk.It was formed in 2001 by splinter factions from the Solidarity Electoral Action and Freedom Union, and it later placed second in the 2001 parliamentary election. It served in the parliamentary opposition until 2007, when it overtook Law and Justice, won 209 seats and Tusk was elected as prime minister. Following the Smolensk air disaster in 2010, Bronisław Komorowski served as acting president and was elected as president in the same year. Tusk continued to serve as prime minister and leader of Civic Platform until he resigned in 2014 to assume the post of the president of the European Council. The party was afterwards defeated in the 2015 parliamentary and presidential elections. It also placed second in the 2019 parliamentary election, and its 2020 presidential candidate, Rafał Trzaskowski, won 49% of the popular vote in the second round and lost the election to Andrzej Duda.
<Max_Perutz>	Max Ferdinand Perutz OM CH CBE FRS (19 May 1914 – 6 February 2002) was an Austrian-born British molecular biologist, who shared the 1962 Nobel Prize for Chemistry with John Kendrew, for their studies of the structures of haemoglobin and myoglobin. He went on to win the Royal Medal of the Royal Society in 1971 and the Copley Medal in 1979.  At Cambridge he founded and chaired (1962–79) The Medical Research Council (MRC) Laboratory of Molecular Biology (LMB), fourteen of whose scientists have won Nobel Prizes. Perutz's contributions to molecular biology in Cambridge are documented in The History of the University of Cambridge: Volume 4 (1870 to 1990) published by the Cambridge University Press in 1992.Perutz was born in Vienna, the son of Adele "Dely" (Goldschmidt) and Hugo Perutz, a textile manufacturer. His parents were Jewish by ancestry, but had baptised Perutz in the Catholic religion. Although Perutz rejected religion and was an atheist in his later years, he was against offending others for their religious beliefs.
<Gerhard_Fischer_(architect)>	Gerhard Fischer (12 July 1890 – 10 September 1977) was a Norwegian architect and archaeologist.Johan Adolf Gerhard Fischer was born in Bergen, Norway. He was the son of architect Adolph Fischer (1844–1925) and Dorothea Margaretha Elisabeth Wilcken (1857–1943). Fischer studied at the Bergen Technical School (Bergens Tekniske Skole), the Norwegian National Academy of Craft and Art Industry (Statens håndverks- og kunstindustriskole) in Oslo  and the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts (Det Kongelige Danske Kunstakademi) in Copenhagen.From 1916 to 1926 he was employed by the Norwegian State Railways  architectural office. During that period, he designed the Lillestrøm Station, Notodden Station, Åneby Station, Ljan Station and Bekkelaget Station.
<Donn_F._Eisele>	Donn Fulton Eisele (June 23, 1930 – December 1, 1987) (Colonel USAF) was a United States Air Force officer, test pilot, and later a NASA astronaut. He occupied the command module pilot seat during the flight of Apollo 7 in 1968. After retiring from both NASA and the Air Force in 1972, he became the Peace Corps country director for Thailand, before moving into private business.
<Eduardo_Roquero>	Dr. Eduardo V. Roquero or Dr. Ed (October 18, 1949 in Pigkawayan, North Cotabato, Philippines – August 24, 2009 in Manila) was a Filipino physician and politician.Coming from a family of politicians, his father, an uncle and also one of his brothers all served as mayors of Pigkawayan, North Cotabato. Hon. Eduardo V. Roquero began as a Rural Health Physician and NGO Family Planning Physician of San Jose del Monte in the 1980s, at that time, he was also the owner and director of Roquero General Hospital.He served as Municipal Mayor of San Jose del Monte from 1988–1992 and 1994–2000 and City Mayor of San Jose del Monte from 2000–2004 and 2007–2009, making him the first city mayor from the time San Jose del Monte was converted from a municipality in 2000 to become the province's first component city. Under his administration, San Jose del Monte was converted from a 5th Class to a 1st Class Municipality.[citation needed] He also served as the city's first Representative to the House of Representatives[citation needed] from the time its congressional district was carved out of the fourth congressional district of Bulacan.
<Henri_Becquerel>	Antoine Henri Becquerel (/ˌbɛkəˈrɛl/; 15 December 1852 – 25 August 1908) was a French engineer, physicist, Nobel laureate, and the first person to discover evidence of radioactivity. For work in this field he, along with Marie Skłodowska-Curie and Pierre Curie,  received the 1903 Nobel Prize in Physics. The SI unit for radioactivity, the becquerel (Bq), is named after him.Becquerel was born in Paris, France, into a wealthy family which produced four generations of physicists: Becquerel's grandfather (Antoine César Becquerel), father (Alexandre-Edmond Becquerel), and son (Jean Becquerel). Henri started off his education by attending the Lycée Louis-le-Grand school, a prep school in Paris. He studied engineering at the École Polytechnique and the École des Ponts et Chaussées. In 1874, Henri married Lucie Zoé Marie Jamin, who would die while giving birth to their son, Jean. In 1890 he married Louise Désirée Lorieux.
<The_Sims>	The Sims is a series of life simulation video games developed by Maxis and published by Electronic Arts. The franchise has sold nearly 200 million copies worldwide, and it is one of the best-selling video game series of all time.The games in the Sims series are largely sandbox games, in that they lack any defined goals (except for some later expansion packs and console versions which introduced this gameplay style). The player creates virtual people called "Sims", places them in houses, and helps direct their moods and satisfy their desires. Players can either place their Sims in pre-constructed homes or build them themselves. Each successive expansion pack and game in the series augmented what the player could do with their Sims.
<Penang>	Penang (Malay: Pulau Pinang) is a Malaysian state located on the northwest coast of Peninsular Malaysia, by the Malacca Strait. It has two parts: Penang Island, where the capital city, George Town, is located, and Seberang Perai on the Malay Peninsula. They are connected by Malaysia's two longest road bridges, the Penang Bridge and the Sultan Abdul Halim Muadzam Shah Bridge; the latter is also the second longest oversea bridge in Southeast Asia. The second smallest Malaysian state by land mass, Penang is bordered by Kedah to the north and the east, and Perak to the south.Penang is the 8th most populated state in Malaysia. Its population stood at nearly 1.767 million as of 2018[update], while its population density was as high as 1,684/km2 (4,360/sq mi). It has among the nation's highest population densities and is one of the country's most urbanised states. Seberang Perai is Malaysia's second-largest city by population. Its heterogeneous population is highly diverse in ethnicity, culture, language and religion. Aside from the three main races, the Malays, Chinese, and Indians, Penang is home to significant Eurasian, Siamese and expatriate communities. A resident of Penang is colloquially known as a Penangite or Penang Lang (Penang Hokkien: 庇能儂; Tâi-lô: Pī-néeng-lâng) in Penang Hokkien due to the significant Penangite Chinese population.
<Hagenbeck-Wallace_Circus>	The Hagenbeck–Wallace Circus was a circus that traveled across America in the early part of the 20th century.  At its peak, it was the second-largest circus in America next to Ringling Brothers and Barnum and Bailey Circus.  It was based in Peru, Indiana.The circus began as the “Carl Hagenbeck Circus” by Carl Hagenbeck (1844–1913).  Hagenbeck was an animal trainer who pioneered the use of rewards-based animal training as opposed to fear-based training.Meanwhile, Benjamin Wallace, a stable owner from Peru, Indiana, and his business partner, James Anderson, bought a circus in 1884 and created "The Great Wallace Show". The show gained some prominence when their copyright for advertising posters was upheld by the Supreme Court in Bleistein v. Donaldson Lithographing Company.  Wallace bought out his partner in 1890 and formed the "B. E. Wallace Circus".
<South_Korea_national_under-20_football_team>	The South Korea national under-20 football team (Korean: 대한민국 20세 이하 축구 국가대표팀; recognized as Korea Republic by FIFA) represents South Korea in international youth football competitions and also can be managed as under-18 or under-19 team if necessary. South Korean under-20 team won twelve AFC U-20 Asian Cup (AFC Youth Championship) titles and reached the FIFA U-20 World Cup final once, both are the most successful results among Asian teams.Having finished the qualifying tournament as third place, South Korea under-19 could not originally play the final stage in the 1982 AFC Youth Championship. However, the North Korean FA was punished with a two-year suspension for assaulting a referee at the 1982 Asian Games by the Asian Football Confederation, so South Korea fortunately advanced to the final stage instead of North Korea, the runners-up. Then they qualified for the 1983 FIFA World Youth Championship, after winning the championship. The manager Park Jong-hwan trained his team with tactics which demanded a lot of stamina and extreme teamwork for World Youth Championship.Drawn in a group with Scotland, Australia and the host Mexico, South Korea lost their first game against Scotland, but they advanced to the knockout stage by defeating the other two teams. In the quarter-finals, they faced Uruguay, and won the game 2–1 with a forward Shin Yon-ho's two goals after extra time. The news that they reached the semi-finals for the first time in a FIFA competition became a myth in South Korea, a weak country in sports at that time, although it was a youth competition. The foreign press were also interested in South Korean team's achievement, describing it as the "Red Fury". South Korea finished the tournament in fourth place after losing to Brazil and Poland, and a South Korean defender Kim Pan-keun was named in official All-Star Team.
<Aleksis_Kivi>	Aleksis Kivi (Finnish pronunciation: [ˈɑleksis ˈkiʋi] (listen); born Alexis Stenvall; 10 October 1834 – 31 December 1872) was a Finnish author who wrote the first significant novel in the Finnish language, Seitsemän veljestä ("Seven Brothers") in 1870. He is also known for his 1864  play Heath Cobblers. Although Kivi was among the very earliest authors of prose and lyrics in Finnish, he is still considered one of the greatest.Kivi is regarded as a national writer of Finland and his birthday, 10 October, is celebrated as Finnish Literature Day.Aleksis Stenvall was born in Palojoki village of Nurmijärvi, Grand Duchy of Finland. His parents were the village tailor Erik Johan Stenvall (1798–1866) and Anna-Kristiina Hamberg (1793–1863). Before Aleksis, the family already had three sons, Johannes, Emanuel, and Albert. Aleksis also had a sister, Agnes, who died in 1851 at the age of only 13.
<Teddy_Wang>	Teddy Wang Teh-huei (Chinese: 王德輝; 9 September 1933 – missing since 10 April 1990) was a Chinese businessman and founder of the Chinachem Group who was kidnapped for ransom in 1990, and later declared legally dead. His wife, Nina Wang later launched a lengthy legal battle over her husband's will.Teddy Wang was born in Shanghai, China to Wenzhounese parents, the son of paint and chemical business proprietor Wang Din-shin. He was a childhood playmate of Kung Yu Sam (Nina Wang). In 1948, when she was 11 and him being 15, they renewed their friendship, and they married in 1955. The Wangs moved to Hong Kong, and the business became the Chinachem Group, eventually becoming one of the territory's largest and most powerful companies due to its lucrative pharmaceutical division.Wang was abducted on 12 April 1983, when his Mercedes-Benz was hijacked. He was taken away and chained to a bed for eight days until Nina Wang paid a ransom of HK$33 million.
<Harold_Nicholas>	Harold Lloyd Nicholas (March 27, 1921 – July 3, 2000) was an American dancer specializing in tap. Nicholas was the younger half of the tap-dancing pair the Nicholas Brothers, known as two of the world's greatest dancers. His older brother was Fayard Nicholas. Nicholas was featured  in such musicals as An All-Colored Vaudeville Show (1935), Stormy Weather (1943), The Pirate (1948), and The Five Heartbeats (1991).Nicholas was born to drummer and orchestra leader Ulysses Domonick and pianist Viola Harden in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. By the age of three, his older brother Fayard enjoyed sitting in the audience of the black vaudeville theater where his parents performed, enraptured by the great performers on stage. Immersed in show business, when the Nicholases added a second son to the family, seven-year-old Fayard insisted that the child be named after his idol, Harold Lloyd, the silent-screen comedian. The two brothers soon began dancing, and they quickly gained acclaim for their elegant acrobatic moves and mastery of tap. When Fayard was 16 and Harold nine, they made their first appearance at the legendary Cotton Club in New York City and were a popular success immediately.Their reputation grew rapidly, and Harold and Fayard became established superstars at Twentieth Century Fox with their astounding dance numbers in the studio's musicals features. The brothers began appearing in musical films with Eubie Blake. They performed in vaudeville, on Broadway, in nightclubs, on television, and in movie musicals. Harold appeared in more than 50 feature films, including The Big Broadcast (1936), Down Argentine Way (1940), Tin Pan Alley (1940), and Sun Valley Serenade (1941), which features the show-stopping "Chattanooga Choo Choo" tap dance number performed by Harold, Fayard, and Dorothy Dandridge.
<Godolphin_Racing>	Godolphin (Arabic: جودلفين) is the Maktoum family's private Thoroughbred horseracing stable and was named in honour of the Godolphin Arabian, who came from the desert to become one of the three founding stallions of the modern Thoroughbred. Godolphin is buried at Wandlebury Park in Cambridge, where there is a stone to commemorate this horse in the passageway of the old buildings.Godolphin's headquarters are in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. It operates two racing stables in Newmarket, UK, two in Sydney, Australia, one in Melbourne, Australia, and also has horses in training with independent trainers in Great Britain, Australia, France, Japan, United States, and Ireland. UAE Vice President, Prime Minister and Ruler of Dubai, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum is the driving force behind Godolphin.
<A_Soldier's_Play>	A Soldier's Play is a play by American playwright Charles Fuller. Set on a US Army installation in the segregation-era South, the play is a loose adaptation of Herman Melville's novella Billy Budd, and follows the murder investigation of the Sergeant in an all-black unit. The play uses a murder mystery to explore the complicated feelings of anger and resentment that some African Americans have toward one another, and the ways in which many black Americans have absorbed white racist attitudes. The drama won the 1982 Pulitzer Prize for Drama, among other accolades. It was the basis for a 1984 feature film adaptation, A Soldier's Story, for which Fuller wrote the screenplay.The story takes place at the United States Army's Fort Neal, Louisiana, in 1944 during the time when the military was racially segregated. In the opening scene, the audience witnesses the murder of black Sergeant Vernon Waters by an unseen shooter. Just before his death, Waters utters the enigmatic cry, "They still hate you!"
<Rupert_Ryan>	Rupert Sumner Ryan, CMG, DSO (6 May 1884 – 25 August 1952) was an Australian soldier and politician.Ryan was born in Melbourne to surgeon Sir Charles Snodgrass Ryan and Alice Elfrida, née Sumner. He had one sister, Ethel Marian "Maie" Sumner, would later marry Richard Casey. Ryan attended Geelong Church of England Grammar School 1895–98 before travelling to England to complete his education at Harrow School and the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich.
<Walker_Lee_Cisler>	Walker Lee Cisler (October 8, 1897 – October 18, 1994) was a noted American engineer, business executive, and a founding member of the National Academy of Engineering.Walker Lee Cisler was born on October 8, 1897, in Marietta, Ohio. Cisler received a degree in mechanical engineering from Cornell University in 1922. He was elected to the Sphinx Head Society during his senior year.[citation needed]
<Barbara_Merrill>	Barbara E. Merrill (born 1957 in Frankfurt, Germany) is an American political candidate from Maine. Elected as a Democrat to the state legislature, she left the party in 2006 to become an independent candidate for Governor of Maine.Merrill lost to Democratic incumbent John Baldacci who was elected to a second term. She finished in third-place receiving 118,715 votes, or about 21% of all votes cast.Merrill furthered her legal career by working for the Maine law firm Verrill Dana before opening her own legal practice with husband, Phil Merrill.
<Robert_N._Bradbury>	Robert North Bradbury (March 23, 1886 – November 24, 1949) (born Ronald E. Bradbury) was an American film actor, director, and screenwriter. He directed 125 movies between 1918 and 1941, and is best known for directing early "Poverty Row"-produced Westerns starring John Wayne in the 1930s, and being the father of noted "cowboy actor" and film noir tough guy Bob Steele.Bradbury variously billed himself as "Robert North Bradbury", "R.N. Bradbury", or "Robert Bradbury". He died in Glendale, California, on November 24, 1949, at age 63.Bradbury is most famous for directing early Westerns starring John Wayne. These inexpensively shot 1930s "Poverty Row" movies include Riders of Destiny (1933; an early singing-cowboy movie), The Lucky Texan (1934), West of the Divide (1934), Blue Steel (1934), The Man From Utah (1934), The Star Packer (1934), The Trail Beyond (1934; co-starring Noah Beery, Sr. and Noah Beery, Jr.), The Lawless Frontier (1934), Texas Terror (1935), Rainbow Valley (1935), The Dawn Rider (1935), Westward Ho (1935), and Lawless Range (1935). Many were also written by Bradbury, and almost all featured character actor George "Gabby" Hayes.
<Henry_Marshall_Tory_Medal>	The Henry Marshall Tory Medal is an award of the Royal Society of Canada "for outstanding research in a branch of astronomy, chemistry, mathematics, physics, or an allied science". It is named in honour of Henry Marshall Tory and is awarded bi-annually. The award consists of a gold plated silver medal.Source: Royal Society of Canada
<River_City>	River City is a Scottish television soap opera that was first broadcast on BBC One Scotland on 24 September 2002. River City follows the lives of the people who live and work in the fictional district of Shieldinch. In November 2017, a short crossover episode of the show was made for Children in Need and featured several of the show's characters meeting characters from Scottish sitcom Scot Squad. In March 2020, production of River City was halted due to the COVID–19 pandemic, and filming recommenced in August 2020. In place of new episodes, a select number of "classic" episodes were aired. In February 2022, it was announced the cast were back filming another series. In March of the same year the show returned to its original broadcast pattern of two half-hour episodes a week.River City is set in Shieldinch, a fictional district in the west end of Glasgow, the largest city in Scotland. Shieldinch was founded in 1860 and was known for its shipyard (the local pub is named "The Tall Ship", which is a tribute to the areas's shipbuilding heritage). The name is derived from the real districts of Whiteinch and Shieldhall, located on opposite banks of the River Clyde.
<T._Colin_Campbell>	Thomas Colin Campbell (born March 14, 1934) is an American biochemist who specializes in the effect of nutrition on long-term health. He is the Jacob Gould Schurman Professor Emeritus of Nutritional Biochemistry at Cornell University.Campbell has become known for his advocacy of a low-fat, whole foods, plant-based diet. He claims responsibility for coining the term "Plant-Based diet" to help present his research on diet at the National Institutes of Health in 1980.[citation needed] He is the author of over 300 research papers and four books, The China Study (2005, co-authored with his son, Thomas M. Campbell II, which became one of America's best-selling books about nutrition), Whole (2013), The Low-Carb Fraud (2014) and The Future of Nutrition: An Insider's Look at the Science, Why We Keep Getting It Wrong, and How to Start Getting It Right (2020)  Campbell featured in the 2011 American documentary Forks Over Knives.Campbell was one of the lead scientists of the China–Cornell–Oxford Project on diet and disease, set up in 1983 by Cornell University, the University of Oxford, and the Chinese Academy of Preventive Medicine to explore the relationship between nutrition and cancer, heart, and metabolic diseases. The study was described by The New York Times as "the Grand Prix of epidemiology".
<Bill_Fraser>	William Simpson Fraser (5 June 1908 – 9 September 1987) was a Scottish actor who appeared on stage, screen and television for many years. In 1986 he won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Comedy Performance for his stage role in the play When We Are Married.Fraser was born in Perth and educated at Strathallan School.  He began his career as a clerk in a bank before beginning to act. In the early days when acting work was scarce, Fraser was often penniless, frequently sleeping rough on the Embankment in London.  Before the Second World War, he ran the Connaught Theatre in Worthing; when called up he served in a Royal Air Force Special Liaison Unit, reaching the rank of flight lieutenant, where he met and became friends with Eric Sykes. Just after the war a chance meeting in a London street led to Fraser's giving Sykes his first work as a writer for radio comedy and the two friends worked together many times over the following years. Fraser is also credited with giving Peter Cushing his first acting job.
<Chen-Ning_Yang>	Yang Chen-Ning or Chen-Ning Yang (Chinese: 杨振宁; pinyin: Yáng Zhènníng; born 1 October 1922), also known as C. N. Yang or by the English name Frank Yang, is a Chinese theoretical physicist who made significant contributions to statistical mechanics, integrable systems, gauge theory, and both particle physics and condensed matter physics. He and Tsung-Dao Lee received the 1957 Nobel Prize in Physics for their work on parity non-conservation of weak interaction. The two proposed that one of the basic quantum-mechanics laws, the conservation of parity, is violated in the so-called weak nuclear reactions, those nuclear processes that result in the emission of beta or alpha particles. Yang is also well known for his collaboration with Robert Mills in developing non-abelian gauge theory, widely known as the Yang–Mills theory.Yang was born in Hefei, Anhui, China; his father, Ko-Chuen Yang [zh] (楊克純; 1896–1973), was a mathematician, and his mother, Meng Hwa Loh Yang (羅孟華), was a housewife. Yang attended elementary school and high school in Beijing, and in the autumn of 1937 his family moved to Hefei after the Japanese invaded China. In 1938 they moved to Kunming, Yunnan, where National Southwestern Associated University (Lianda), was located. In the same year, as a second year student, Yang passed the entrance examination and studied at Lianda. He received his bachelor's degree in 1942, with his thesis on the application of group theory to molecular spectra, under the supervision of Ta-You Wu. He continued to study graduate courses there for two years under the supervision of Wang Zhuxi, working on statistical mechanics. In 1944 he received his master's degree from Tsinghua University, which had moved to Kunming during the Sino-Japanese War (1937–1945). Yang was then awarded a scholarship from the Boxer Indemnity Scholarship Program, set up by the United States government using part of the money China had been forced to pay following the Boxer Rebellion. His departure for the United States was delayed for one year, during which time he taught in a middle school as a teacher and studied field theory.
<'Allo_'Allo!>	'Allo 'Allo! is a British sitcom television series, created by David Croft and Jeremy Lloyd, starring Gorden Kaye, Carmen Silvera, Guy Siner and Richard Gibson. Originally broadcast on BBC1, the series focuses on the life of a French café owner in the town of Nouvion, during the German occupation of France in the Second World War, in which he deals with problems from a dishonest German officer, local French Resistance, the handling of a stolen painting and a pair of trapped airmen, all while concealing from his wife the affairs he is having with his waitresses.Croft and Lloyd devised the concept as a parody of BBC wartime drama Secret Army and initially launched the programme with a pilot on 30 December 1982. The sitcom was eventually commissioned following the success of the pilot and ran for nine series between 7 September 1984 until its conclusion on 14 December 1992. Both Lloyd and Croft wrote the scripts for the first six series, while the remainder were handled by Lloyd and Paul Adam. Much like previous sitcoms created by Croft and Lloyd, the programme employed notable elements such as memorable catchphrases and ending credits, cultural clichés, physical humour and visual gags. However, 'Allo 'Allo! differed from these other sitcoms by featuring overarching plot lines rather than simple stand-alone stories, as well as the device of having actors speaking English but with theatrical foreign accents to distinguish each character's nationality.
<Georg_Wildführ>	Georg Wildführ (born Linden 30 August 1904 — died Holzhausen 4 August 1984) was an East German Medical microbiologist and Hygienist.His scientific work particularly focused on Bacteriology, Serology, Epidemiology, Hygiene, and Toxoplasmosis.Georg Wildführ was born in Linden, then a village near the edge of the city, but following large scale urbanisation and local government boundary reforms in 1920 a city-district in Hannover. His father was a factory foreman. After completing his primary schooling, he studied Architecture at Leibniz University Hannover between 1923 and 1925 before switching to medicine.
<Sally_Nicholls>	Sally Nicholls (born 22 June 1983) is a prize-winning British children's book author.Nicholls was born and grew up in Stockton-on-Tees, England. She attended Great Ayton Friends' School until its closure and subsequently Egglescliffe School until 2001.
<Megan_Terry>	Megan Terry (born July 22, 1932) is an American playwright, screenwriter, and theatre artist.She has produced over fifty works for theater, radio, and television, and is best known for her avant-garde theatrical work from the 1960s. As a founding member of The Open Theater, she developed an actor-training and character-creation technique known as "transformation". She used this technique to create her 1966 work Viet Rock, which was both the first rock musical and the first play to address the war in Vietnam.She was born, as Marguerite Duffy, to Marguerite (née Henry) and businessman Harold Joseph in Seattle, Washington. She first showed an interest in the theatre after attending a play at the age of seven. She wrote, "I went and I looked at the stage and I fell madly in love... I knew I wanted to do that, whatever it was." As a child, she wrote, directed, and designed sets for productions staged in the backyard of her family's home, earning her the nicknames "Tallulah Blackhead" and "Sarah Heartburn" from her father. He was not pleased by her interest in theatre.
<Maria_Gładkowska>	Maria Gładkowska (born 16 September 1957) is a Polish film, stage, and television actress. She gained critical acclaim in the 1980s that culminated in her Zbigniew Cybulski Award (1988). Gładkowska portrayed Daisy, Princess of Pless, her breakthrough performance in Magnat (1987), which was included in the list of 100 Best Polish Films of all time.Gładkowska started her film career in 1977 at the age of 20. In her senior year of high school, she won a national contest for a theatre review and appeared in Janusz Morgenstern's historical series Polish Roads (Polish: Polskie drogi). Later she attended the Aleksander Zelwerowicz National Academy of Dramatic Art's Faculty of Acting, where she studied between 1978 and 1982. Her first professional stage appearance was as Elwira in a production of Husband and wife (Polish: Mąż i żona) by Aleksander Fredro (1983).
<Grand_Metropolitan>	Grand Metropolitan plc was a leisure, manufacturing and property conglomerate headquartered in England.  The company was listed on the London Stock Exchange and was a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index until it merged with Guinness plc to form Diageo in 1997.The business began in 1934 as a hotel business called MRMA Ltd (abbreviated from Mount Royal Metropolitan Association). Grand Hotels (Mayfair) Ltd, a business founded after World War II by Maxwell Joseph, merged with MRMA in 1957 and the combined business expanded rapidly under Joseph's leadership. It was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1961 and changed its name to Grand Metropolitan Hotels Ltd in 1962.
<Janet_Howell>	Janet Denison Howell (born May 7, 1944 in Washington, D.C.) is an American politician. A Democrat, she was elected to the Senate of Virginia in 1991, where she represents the 32nd district in Fairfax County.She was born to Edward Fulton and Elsie (Lightbown) Denison. Her father was a prominent economist at the U. S. Department of Commerce and the Brookings Institution, and fellow Oberlin alumnus.
<Michael_Chabon>	Michael Chabon (/ˈʃeɪbɒn/ SHAY-bon;born May 24, 1963) is an American novelist, screenwriter, columnist, and short story writer. Born in Washington, DC, he spent a year studying at Carnegie Mellon University before transferring to the University of Pittsburgh, graduating in 1984. He subsequently received a Master of Fine Arts in creative writing from the University of California, Irvine.Chabon's first novel, The Mysteries of Pittsburgh (1988), was published when he was 25. He followed it with Wonder Boys (1995) and two short-story collections. In 2000, he published The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay, a novel that John Leonard would later call Chabon's magnum opus. It received the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 2001.
<Marguerite_Frank>	Marguerite Straus Frank (born September 8, 1927) is a French-American mathematician who is a pioneer in convex optimization theory and mathematical programming.After attending secondary schooling in Paris and Toronto, Frank contributed largely to the fields of transportation theory and Lie algebras, which later became the topic of her PhD thesis, New Simple Lie Algebras.  She was one of the first female PhD students in mathematics at Harvard University, completing her dissertation in 1956, with  Abraham Adrian Albert as her advisor.Together with Philip Wolfe in 1956 at Princeton, she invented the Frank–Wolfe algorithm, an iterative optimization method for general constrained non-linear problems. While linear programming was popular at that time, the paper marked an important change of paradigm to more general non-linear convex optimization.
<Robert_Paul_Wolff>	Robert Paul Wolff (born December 27, 1933) is an American political philosopher and professor emeritus at the University of Massachusetts Amherst.Wolff has written widely on topics in political philosophy such as Marxism, tolerance (against liberalism and in favor of anarchism), political justification, and democracy.
<Lord_Jim>	Lord Jim is a novel by Joseph Conrad originally published as a serial in Blackwood's Magazine from October 1899 to November 1900. An early and primary event in the story is the abandonment of a passenger ship in distress by its crew, including a young British seaman named Jim. He is publicly censured for this action and the novel follows his later attempts at coming to terms with himself and his past and seeking redemption and acceptance.In 1998, the Modern Library ranked Lord Jim 85th on its list of the 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century.
<Murry_Salby>	Murry Lewis Salby was an American atmospheric scientist who focused on upper atmospheric wave propagation for most of his early career, and who more recently argued against aspects of the scientific consensus that human activity contributes to climate change. He has written two textbooks, Fundamentals of Atmospheric Physics (1996), and Physics of the Atmosphere and Climate (2011).  The latter textbook, building on his first book, offers an overview of the processes controlling the atmosphere of Earth, weather, energetics, and climate physics.From the mid 1980s, Salby conducted research at the University of Colorado Boulder. In 2005, the National Science Foundation opened an investigation into Salby's federal funding arrangements and found that he had displayed "a pattern of deception [and] a lack of integrity" in his handling of federal grant money. He resigned at Colorado in 2008 and became professor of climate risk at Macquarie University in Macquarie Park, New South Wales. In 2013 the university dismissed him on grounds of refusal to teach and misuse of university resources. He died in 2022.
<Gibraltar_Football_Association>	The Gibraltar Football Association or also Gibraltar FA (GFA) is the governing body for Gibraltarian football and futsal. It was formed as the Gibraltar Civilian Football Association in 1895, changing to its current name in later years. It is one of the oldest football associations in the world[citation needed]. From October 2012, the GFA were provisional members of UEFA and the Gibraltar national futsal team, under-19 and under-17 representative teams participated in the 2013/14 UEFA season competitions. At the XXXVII UEFA Congress held in London on 24 May 2013, Gibraltar was accepted as a full member of UEFA. Gibraltar were admitted to FIFA as a full member on 13 May 2016 at the 66th FIFA Congress in Mexico.The GFA was formed as an increasing number of football clubs were coming into existence in Gibraltar, and the association was designed to bring some form of organisation to the game there. Between the association's formation and 1907 the only football competition in Gibraltar was the Merchant's Cup. However, in 1907 the GFA established a league to complement the existing cup competition.
<Kelvin_Lancaster>	Kelvin John Lancaster (10 December 1924 – 23 July 1999) was an Australian mathematical economist and John Bates Clark professor of economics at Columbia University. He is best known for the development of the Theory of the Second Best with Richard Lipsey. Lancaster was also active in developing the calculus of qualitative economics, formulating the household production function, and applying the hedonic model to the estimation of housing prices.In a 1966 paper, Lancaster developed what he called a "new theory of consumer demand", in which the then standard microeconomic demand theory was modified by stipulating that what consumers are seeking to acquire is not goods themselves (e.g. cars or train journeys) but the characteristics they contain (e.g. transport from A to B, display of fashion sense). As Palda (2013) explains
<Ivan_Tors>	Ivan Tors (born Iván Törzs; June 12, 1916 – June 4, 1983) was a Hungarian playwright, film director, screenwriter, and film and television producer with an emphasis on non-violent but exciting science fiction, underwater sequences, and stories involving animals. He started a Miami-based film studio now known as Greenwich Studios, and later a music company.Tors was born to a Jewish family in Budapest, Hungary. He wrote several plays in his native country before moving to the United States just prior to World War II. He arrived with his brother Ervin in July 1939 on the SS Hansa and had come to study at Fordham University in New York City. He subsequently enlisted in the United States Army Air Corps then transferred to the Office of Strategic Services. Following the war, he was contracted to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer as a screenwriter.In 1952, he made Storm over Tibet, his first film as co-writer and producer. He began his partnership with his fellow Hungarian Andrew Marton with this film, reusing much of Marton's footage from Demon of the Himalayas.
<Military_Order_of_Maria_Theresa>	The Military Order of Maria Theresa (German: Militär-Maria-Theresien-Orden; Hungarian: Katonai Mária Terézia-rend; Czech: Vojenský řád Marie Terezie; Polish: Wojskowy Order Marii Teresy; Slovene: Vojaški red Marije Terezije; Croatian: Vojni Red Marije Terezije) was the highest military honour of the Habsburg monarchy, Austrian Empire and Austro-Hungarian Empire.Founded on 18 June 1757, the day of the Battle of Kolín, by the Empress Maria Theresa, the honour was to reward especially meritorious and valorous acts by commissioned officers, including and especially the courageous act of defeating an enemy, and thus "serving" their monarch. It was specifically given for "successful military acts of essential impact to a campaign that were undertaken on [the officer's] own initiative, and might have been omitted by an honorable officer without reproach." This gave rise to a popular myth that it was awarded for (successfully) acting against an explicit order. It is considered to be the highest honour for a soldier in the Austrian armed services.Originally, the order had two classes: the Knight's Cross and the Grand Cross. On 15 October 1765, Emperor Joseph II added a Commander's Cross, and a breast star to be worn by holders of the Grand Cross.
<Fellow_of_the_Royal_Society_of_Chemistry>	Fellowship of the Royal Society of Chemistry (FRSC) is an award conferred by the Royal Society of Chemistry (RSC) in the United Kingdom.Achieving Fellow status in the chemical profession denotes to the wider community a high level of accomplishment as a professional chemist. Eligibility for Fellow status applies to applicants who are Members of the Royal Society of Chemistry (MRSC), with a minimum of 5 years professional experience. In addition, they must have made an outstanding contribution to the advancement of the chemical sciences; or to the advancement of the chemical sciences as a profession; or have been distinguished in the management of a chemical sciences organization.In all cases FRSC sponsor references are required. The award of designatory letters FRSC  is subject to the final approval of the RSC Applications Committee.  In addition to the above, all RSC membership requires acceptance and adherence to a specific code of conduct and an established set of high standards of ethical and professional behavior. The RSC continuously establishes, and evaluates professional qualifications and the awarding of its designatory letters and awards. See Category:Fellows of the Royal Society of Chemistry for examples of fellows.
<Marguerite_Churchill>	Marguerite Churchill (December 26, 1910 – January 9, 2000) was an American stage and film actress whose career lasted 30 years, from 1922 to 1952. She was John Wayne's first leading lady, in The Big Trail (1930).She was the daughter of Edward Paycen Churchill, a producer who owned a chain of theaters, and Marguerite N. Graham. Her father died when she was ten years old. She was educated in New York City at the Professional Children's School and the Theatre Guild Dramatic School.Churchill made her first appearance on Broadway on Christmas Day 1922 and was applauded on Broadway as a leading lady when just sixteen years old. An official of Fox Film saw her acting and gave her a contract which shortly afterwards led her to debut on screen in The Diplomats.
<Goodbye_in_the_Mirror>	Goodbye in the Mirror is a 1964 black-and-white experimental film produced and directed by Storm de Hirsch.Goodbye in the Mirror is de Hirsch's only feature-length film. It centers on the lives of three young women living in Rome who engage in a series of volatile relationships.Maria, an American, shares an apartment with Berenice, an aspiring actress from England, and Ingrid, a Swedish singer. Maria becomes romantically involved with Marco, an Italian, who tries to show her what life is really like for his people. Maria continues to see other men. She becomes jealous of Berenice and Ingrid and evicts them from her apartment. Another American, Sarah, briefly stays with Maria; the two women develop an affection for one another, but Sarah suffers from homesickness and returns to America. One night Marco catches Maria with another man; he slaps her and tells her he had been planning to propose to her. They make up, but then Maria thoughtlessly asks him how they should travel to America together. Offended, Marco tells her she must remain in Italy if she is to be his wife. She finds herself unable to give him the answer he wants, so he leaves her.
<FK_Partizan>	Fudbalski klub Partizan (Serbian Cyrillic: Фудбалски клуб Партизан, IPA: [fûdbalskiː klûːb partǐzaːn]; English: Partizan Football Club), sometimes known as Partizan Belgrade in English, is a Serbian professional football club based in Belgrade. It forms a major part of the Partizan multi-sport club. The club plays in the Serbian SuperLiga and has spent its entire history in the top tier of Yugoslav and Serbian football having won a total of 45 official trophies, finishing in the Yugoslav league all-time table as second. Their home ground is the Partizan Stadium in Belgrade, where they have played since 1949. Partizan holds records such as playing in the first European Champions Cup match on 4 September, 1955, as well as becoming the first Balkan and Eastern European football club to reach the European Champions Cup final, when it did so in 1966. Partizan was the first Yugoslavian club to compete in the group stage of the UEFA Champions League.The club has a long-standing rivalry with Red Star Belgrade. Matches between these two clubs are known as the Eternal Derby ("Večiti derbi") and rate as one of the greatest cross-town clashes in the world. Partizan also has many supporters in many of the former-Yugoslav republics and in the Serbian diaspora.
<John_Fanning_(businessman)>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Federalist_Party>	The Federalist Party was a conservative political party which was the first political party in the United States. As such, under Alexander Hamilton, it dominated the national government from 1789 to 1801. Defeated by the Jeffersonian Republicans in 1800, it became a minority party while keeping its stronghold in New England and made a brief resurgence by opposing the War of 1812. It then collapsed with its last presidential candidate in 1816. Remnants lasted for a few years afterwards. The party appealed to businesses and to conservatives who favored banks, national over state government, manufacturing, an army and navy, and in world affairs preferred Great Britain and strongly opposed the French Revolution. The party favored centralization, federalism, modernization, industrialization and protectionism.The Federalists called for a strong national government that promoted economic growth and fostered friendly relationships with Great Britain in opposition to Revolutionary France. The Federalist Party came into being between 1789 and 1790 as a national coalition of bankers and businessmen in support of Hamilton's fiscal policies. These supporters worked in every state to build an organized party committed to a fiscally sound and nationalistic government. The only Federalist President was John Adams. George Washington was broadly sympathetic to the Federalist program, but he remained officially non-partisan during his entire presidency. The  Federalists controlled the national government until 1801, when it was overwhelmed by the Democratic-Republican opposition led by President Thomas Jefferson. 
<The_Werewolf_of_Paris>	The Werewolf of Paris (1933) is a horror novel as well as a work of historical fiction by American writer Guy Endore.  The novel follows Bertrand Caillet, the eponymous werewolf, throughout the tumultuous events of the Franco-Prussian War and the Paris Commune of 1870–71.Like much Gothic fiction, The Werewolf of Paris opens with a frame story in which the author explains his struggle with the fantastic elements of his tale.   Here the narrator, an anonymous American working on his doctoral research in Paris, discovers a manuscript in the hands of some trash-pickers.  He describes it as "the Galliez report: thirty four sheets of closely written French, an unsolicited defense of Sergeant Bertrand Caillet at the latter's court-martial in 1871."A descendant of the cursed Pitamont clan, which destroyed itself in a long feud with the neighboring Pitavals, Bertrand is born one Christmas Eve to an adolescent girl who had been raped by a priest, Father Pitamont. Bertrand grows up with strange sadistic and sexual desires which are usually expressed as dreams. Sometimes the dreams are memories of actual experiences in which he had transformed into a wolf.
<Nancy_Guild>	Nancy Joan Guild (October 11, 1925 – August 16, 1999) was an American film actress of the 1940s and 1950s. She appeared in Somewhere in the Night (1946), The Brasher Doubloon (1947), and the comedy Abbott and Costello Meet the Invisible Man (1951). Although appearing in major films, Guild never achieved as much fame at 20th Century Fox, the studio that had signed her to a seven-year contract, as she had hoped for, and eventually gave up acting for marriage.Guild was a University of Arizona freshman when a Life magazine photographer noticed her. After her picture was published in a spread on campus fashions, Guild received screen tests at five Hollywood studios, and she was signed by 20th Century Fox. The studio's publicity writers declared "Guild rhymes with wild!" when hyping her first film, Joseph L. Mankiewicz's Somewhere in the Night.On the rebound from an engagement with producer Edward Lasker, Guild married fellow Fox contract player Charles Russell in 1947. The following year, they appeared together in the  musical Give My Regards to Broadway (1948). They had a daughter, Elizabeth, in 1949.[citation needed]
<Donald_D._Brown>	Donald D. Brown is a professor at the Carnegie Institution for Science and an adjunct professor at Johns Hopkins University. In 1956, he received an M.D. and an M.S. in biochemistry from the University of Chicago Medical School. He passed the State Medical Board Examination of Ohio that same year. He was a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the National Academy of Sciences, and the American Philosophical Society.This article about an American scientist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Order_of_Australia>	The Order of Australia is an honour that recognises Australian citizens and other persons for outstanding achievement and service. It was established on 14 February 1975 by Elizabeth II, Queen of Australia, on the advice of the Australian Government. Before the establishment of the order, Australian citizens received British honours.The Monarch of Australia is sovereign head of the order,  while the Governor-General of Australia is the principal companion/dame/knight (as relevant at the time) and chancellor of the order. The governor-general's official secretary, Paul Singer (appointed August 2018), is secretary of the order. Appointments are made by the governor-general on behalf of the Monarch of Australia, based on recommendations made by the Council of the Order of Australia. Recent knighthoods and damehoods were recommended to the governor-general by the Prime Minister of Australia.
<Josh_Dawkin>	Joshua George Dawkin (born 16 January 1992) is an English-born Welsh footballer who plays as a midfielder for St Ives Town, having signed for them in the summer of 2016.Born in St Ives, Cambridgeshire, Dawkin has represented Wales at under-17 and 19 levels. Although born in England, he qualifies to play for Wales through his mother: 
<Andie_Chen>	Andie Chen (simplified Chinese: 陈邦鋆; traditional Chinese: 陳邦鋆; pinyin: Chén Bāng Jūn) is a Singaporean actor, host and vlogger. He was prominently a full-time Mediacorp artist from 2007 to 2017 but continues to film on an ad hoc basis.Chen's first appearance on television was in the Channel 5 series Growing Up Season 2 Ep 12: Brother Of Mine in which he made a cameo flashback appearance as a child version of Tay Wee Seng, older brother of Lim Kay Tong's character Charlie Tay Wee Kiat's older brother and was credited as Andy Tan in year 1997. He shot to prominence after winning Star Search 2007 and earned a contract with Mediacorp. He was given his first television roles the following year, most notably in the blockbuster period drama The Little Nyonya. Since then he has starred in many  high-profile television dramas such as Unriddle, C.L.I.F., Code of Honour, Joys of Life, The Journey (trilogy series) and The Lead.
<Mark_Kennedy_(footballer)>	Mark Kennedy may refer to:
<Rambod_Javan>	Rambod Javan (Persian: رامبد جوان; born on 22 December 1971 in Tehran) is an Iranian actor, director, TV host and the author of many screenplays. Rambod Javan has made and directed a locally famous TV program, Khandevane. Khandevane has so far had 8 successful seasons.Javan began stage acting in 1991.
<Kvachi_Kvachantiradze>	Kvachi Kvachantiradze (Georgian: კვაჭი კვაჭანტირაძე) is a novel written by Mikheil Javakhishvili in 1924. It was translated by Donald Rayfield in 2015. This is the best-known picaresque novel written in Georgia.This book was originally a collection of sketches. Javakhishvili decided in 1924 to rework it into a novel, which was published in 1925. As it glorified pre-war France and condemned the Russian Revolution and the Soviet invasion of Georgia, a new version was issued in 1934, heavily censored by the Soviet authorities. Even in 2011, the reissue only used the 1934 text, not the 1925 one. This translation[clarification needed] uses the 1925 text.
<William_Fleming_(Australian_politician)>	William Montgomerie Fleming (19 May 1874 – 24 July 1961) was an Australian politician, who served in the Australian House of Representatives and the New South Wales Legislative Assembly.Born in Avon Plains, Victoria to Scottish migrant and station manager John Fleming and his wife Helen (née Hastie), Fleming moved with his family to a farm near Walgett, New South Wales in 1882. Educated on the farm, private schools (including Cooerwull Academy) and at the University of Sydney, Fleming worked on the family farm while also employed as a journalist for various local newspapers. A Presbyterian, Fleming married Caroline Benn in 1900; together they had one daughter and two sons.
<Tehelka_as_Metaphor>	Tehelka as Metaphor is a 2009 nonfiction book by Indian journalist, Madhu Trehan. The book is an account of the Tehelka exposé and its aftermath, Operation West End. In 2001, a sting operation and an undercover news story exposed the bribery and corruption prevalent in the Army and the then Indian government.Prism Me a Lie Tell Me a Truth: Tehelka as Metaphor is an account of the aftermath of Operation West End. The story's heroes, villains and victims have been analyzed and author Madhu Trehan writes about the beginning of it. She writes about how the government got back at Tehelka through unfair means. The people involved in the sting operation are interviewed in the book and it provides a take on modern journalism. Trehan talks about a "ray of hope", she asks whether (it) will actually "bring about a change in this highly cynical, jaded, Machiavellian society."Released in February, 2009, Tehelka as Metaphor got a good reception. The Hindustan Times said,  "Madhu Trehan delved into the old story of Tehelka and came up with a new tale of contemporary India. Trehan's narrative brings out complex human encounters on the Tehelka tapes." The Tribune said in its review of the book, "It is a book that matters and will stand the test of time." Columnist, Tavleen Singh, wrote, "Trehan has used Tehelka as the prism of corruption and shown a justice system unable to deal with it." Elle said, "The book lurches with equal comfort between Kurosawa, Virginia Woolf and The Matrix in its frame of reference, and continually finds itself asking perhaps unanswerably large questions about integrity and the nature of truth." The Indian Express said, "The book is a post-mortem in easy language and also an insight into and guide to modern journalism".
<Treasure_Hunt_(U.S._game_show)>	Treasure Hunt, also known as The New Treasure Hunt during its 1970s run, is an American television game show that aired throughout the 1950s, 1970s, and 1980s. In the show, contestants selected a mystery package (originally a treasure chest, later a gift box) in the hopes of winning cash or prizes.The earliest version of the show was first broadcast in the U.S. from 1956 to 1959; initially on ABC, and then later on NBC. The original show was created, hosted, and produced by comedian and presenter Jan Murray. Two contestants played a quiz in which the challenger picked one of five categories. These were shown on a large anchor from which Murray would quiz the contestants. Each contestant was asked five questions from the chosen category for $10 apiece on the daytime edition, or $50 apiece on the prime-time editions. The player who won the most money went on the treasure hunt, with both contestants advancing if tied.
<Bill_Emerson>	Norvell William Emerson (January 1, 1938 – June 22, 1996) was an American politician. He served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from Missouri from 1981 until his death from lung cancer in Bethesda, Maryland in 1996. He was succeeded in the House by his widow, Jo Ann Emerson. Emerson was a Republican.Emerson was raised in Jefferson County, Missouri and attended public schools in nearby Hillsboro. He served as a House Page and graduated from Westminster College in Fulton, Missouri in 1959. Emerson attended law school at the University of Missouri and the University of Baltimore, graduating with his LL.B from Baltimore in 1964. He was also a Captain in the United States Air Force Reserve from 1964 to 1992.He was serving as a congressional page serving on the floor during the 1954 United States Capitol shooting incident involving Puerto Rico terrorists.  While in law school, Emerson served as a Congressional aide to U.S. Representative Robert Ellsworth, and after graduation he served on the staff of U.S. Senator Charles Mathias. Throughout the 1970s he worked in governmental affairs for several companies, and formed his own consulting group in 1979. In 1980, he was elected to Congress and was re-elected seven times. Emerson served on the House Committee on Rules.
<France_national_under-16_football_team>	The France national under-16 football team is the national under-16 football team of France and is controlled by the French Football Federation. The team previously competed in the annual UEFA European Under-16 Football Championship before it was converted into an under-17 competition in 2002. The under-16 team competes in regional tournaments, such as the Tournoi de Val-de-Marne and the Montaigu Tournament and international tournaments, such as the Aegean Cup.Prior to the UEFA European Under-16 Football Championship being converted into an under-17 event, France never won the competition, but finished as runners-up on two occasions in 1996 and 2001.Caps and goals updated as of 14 April 2022, before the match against Belgium.
<Career_Girls>	Career Girls is a 1997 British comedy-drama film written and directed by Mike Leigh which tells the story of two women, who reunite after six years apart. The film stars Katrin Cartlidge and Lynda Steadman. The women were originally thrown together when they shared a flat while at university and the film focuses on their interpersonal relationship.In 1996, Annie is on the train to London to spend the weekend with Hannah, her flatmate when at polytechnic (the Polytechnic of North London) six years earlier. Hannah laments about her alcoholic mother, and Annie talks about her mother's search for a new boyfriend. Annie, who still lives with her mother, admires Hannah's independence. In contrast, Hannah laments being forced to be independent since she was a child.
<Keith_Moffatt>	Henry Keith Moffatt, FRS FRSE (born 12 April 1935) is a Scottish mathematician with research interests in the field of fluid dynamics, particularly magnetohydrodynamics and the theory of turbulence. He was Professor of Mathematical Physics at the University of Cambridge from 1980 to 2002.Moffatt was born on 12 April 1935 to Emmeline Marchant and Frederick Henry Moffatt. He was schooled at George Watson's College, Edinburgh, going on to study Mathematical Sciences at the University of Edinburgh, graduating in 1957. He then went to Trinity College, Cambridge, where he studied mathematics and, 1959, he was a Wrangler. In 1960, he was awarded a Smith's Prize while preparing his PhD. He received his PhD in 1962, the title of his dissertation was Magnetohydrodynamic Turbulence.
<Lois_Andrews>	Lois Andrews (born Lorraine Gourley; March 24, 1924 – April 5, 1968) was an American actress who played in films during the 1940s and early 1950s.She is perhaps best known for her first role in 1943 as the comic strip character Dixie Dugan in the Twentieth Century Fox film of the same name. Her husband, George Jessel, produced a number of films in which she had minor roles, including The Desert Hawk (1950), and Meet Me After the Show (1951).
<Gerhard_Herzberg>	Gerhard Heinrich Friedrich Otto Julius Herzberg, PC CC FRSC FRS (German: [ˈɡeːɐ̯.haʁt ˈhɛʁt͡sˌbɛʁk] (listen); December 25, 1904 – March 3, 1999) was a German-Canadian pioneering physicist and physical chemist, who won the Nobel Prize for Chemistry in 1971, "for his contributions to the knowledge of electronic structure and geometry of molecules, particularly free radicals". Herzberg's main work concerned atomic and molecular spectroscopy. He is well known for using these techniques that determine the structures of diatomic and polyatomic molecules, including free radicals which are difficult to investigate in any other way, and for the chemical analysis of astronomical objects.  Herzberg served as Chancellor of Carleton University in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada from 1973 to 1980.Herzberg was born in Hamburg, Germany on December 25, 1904 to Albin H. Herzberg and Ella Biber. He had an older brother, Walter, who was born in January 1904.  Herzberg started Vorschule (pre-school) late, after contracting measles. Gerhard and his family were atheists and kept this fact hidden. His father died in 1914, at 43 years of age, after having suffered from dropsy and complications due to an earlier heart condition.  Herzberg graduated Vorschule shortly after his father's death. He married Luise Oettinger, a spectroscopist and fellow researcher in 1929. (Luise Herzberg, died in 1971.)In 1933, the Nazi Party introduced a law banning men with Jewish wives from teaching at universities. Herzberg was working as a lecturer at the university in Darmstadt. His wife and fellow researcher, Luise Herzberg, was Jewish so they began making plans to leave Germany near the end of 1933. Leaving Germany was a daunting task as many barriers faced the thousands of Germans trying to flee Nazi persecution. However Herzberg had earlier worked with a visiting physical chemist named John Spinks, from the University of Saskatchewan. Spinks helped Herzberg get a job at the university in Saskatoon. When Herzberg and his wife left Germany in 1935, the Nazis let them take only the equivalent of $2.50 each and personal belongings.
<England_national_football_B_team>	England B is a secondary football team run occasionally as support for the England national football team. At times they have played other nations' full teams; they have also played matches against 'B' teams from other football associations. Since the team's first use in 1947, there have been 54 official and 3 unofficial B team matches. It has been inactive since May 2007.Walter Winterbottom first proposed B team matches as a way of bringing players through into the national side (the Under 21 team, the current stepping stone to the national team, did not exist until 1976.). He organised the first recorded game held under the name of 'England B', which was played in Geneva on 21 February 1947 against Switzerland B team. The match finished 0–0. The games proved useful as an introduction to the national team and the first official England B team game came in 1949 in a 4–0 victory over Finland.
<Frantic_(film)>	Frantic is a 1988 American-French neo-noir mystery thriller film directed by Roman Polanski and starring Harrison Ford and Emmanuelle Seigner. The film score is by Ennio Morricone.Dr. Richard Walker (Harrison Ford) is a surgeon visiting Paris with his wife Sondra (Betty Buckley) for a medical conference. At their hotel, she is unable to unlock her suitcase, and Walker determines that she picked up the wrong one at the airport. While Walker is taking a shower, Sondra receives a phone call that Walker can't hear and she mysteriously disappears from their hotel room.Still jet-lagged, Walker searches for his wife in the hotel with the help of a polite but mostly indifferent staff and then wanders outside to look for her himself. A wino overhears him in a café and says he saw Sondra being forced into a car in a nearby alley. Walker is skeptical, until he finds his wife's ID bracelet on the cobblestones. He contacts the Paris police and the U.S. Embassy, but their responses are bureaucratic, and there is little hope anyone will bother looking for her.  As Walker carries on the search himself he stumbles onto a murder site where he encounters the streetwise young Michelle, who mistook Sondra's suitcase for her own at the airport. He realises that Michelle is a career drug smuggler, but does not care or know for which shady dealers she is hired.  Michelle reluctantly helps Walker in his  attempt to learn what was packed in her switched suitcase, and how to trade the contents for the return of his kidnapped wife.
<College_of_Wooster>	The College of Wooster is a private liberal arts college in Wooster, Ohio. Founded in 1866 by the Presbyterian Church as the University of Wooster, it has been officially  non-sectarian since 1969 when ownership ties with the Presbyterian Church ended. From its creation, the college has been a co-educational institution. It enrolls about 2,000 students and is a member of The Five Colleges of Ohio, Great Lakes Colleges Association, and the Association of Presbyterian Colleges and Universities.Founded as the University of Wooster in 1866 by Presbyterians, the institution opened its doors in 1870 with a faculty of five and a student body of thirty men and four women. Ephraim Quinby, a Wooster citizen, donated the first 20 acres (8.1 ha), a large oak grove situated on a hilltop overlooking the town. After being founded with the intent to make Wooster open to everyone, the university's first Ph.D. was granted to a woman, Annie B. Irish, in 1882. The first black student, Clarence Allen, began his studies later in the same decade.It is rumored that when the college was founded, it was gifted a mummy and the head of Nat Turner. While the mummy is still located on campus, at the basement of the art center, the head of Nat Turner was lost in Old Main after a fire broke out.[citation needed]
<All-Star_Superman_(film)>	All-Star Superman is a 2011 American animated superhero film based on the comic book series of the same name by Grant Morrison and Frank Quitely. Released direct-to-video by Warner Bros. Animation on February 22, 2011, it is the tenth film of the DC Universe Animated Original Movies.It is the first film in the series to not receive a PG-13 rating from the Motion Picture Association, instead being rated PG for “sequences of action and violence, language including brief innuendo, and some sensuality”. It is also one of the final projects by writer Dwayne McDuffie and was released the day after his death.Dr. Leo Quintum and his team are exploring the Sun when they are sabotaged by a booby-trapped genetically-enhanced time-bomb clone made by Lex Luthor. Superman stops the clone but in doing so receives an overdose of solar radiation; it has given him increased powers, but at the cost of slowly killing him. Luthor is arrested thanks to Clark Kent's article and sentenced to death.
<Vinyl_(TV_series)>	Vinyl is an American period drama television series created by Mick Jagger, Martin Scorsese, Rich Cohen and Terence Winter. The series stars Bobby Cannavale as Richie Finestra, a record executive in the 1970s. It premiered on HBO on February 14, 2016, and concluded on April 17, 2016.From a teleplay by Winter and George Mastras, and story by Cohen, Jagger, Scorsese and Winter, the pilot episode was directed by Scorsese. The first season consisted of ten episodes. Scorsese had hoped to direct further episodes of the series.Winter left his position as showrunner at the end of the first season due to creative differences, leaving the position to Scott Z. Burns.
<Launceston,_Tasmania>	Launceston (/ˈlɒnsɛstən/ (listen)) or (/ˈlɔːnsɛstən/ (listen)) is a city in the north of Tasmania, Australia, at the confluence of the North Esk and South Esk rivers where they become the Tamar River (kanamaluka). As of 2021, Launceston has a population of 87,645. Launceston is the second most populous city in Tasmania after the state capital, Hobart. As of 2020, Launceston is the 18th largest city in Australia. Launceston is fourth-largest inland city and the ninth-largest non-capital city in Australia. Launceston is regarded as the most liveable regional city, and was one of the most popular regional cities to move to in Australia from 2020 to 2021. Launceston was named Australian Town of the Year in 2022.Settled by Europeans in March 1806, Launceston is one of Australia's oldest cities and it has many historic buildings. Like many places in Australia, it was named after a town in the United Kingdom – in this case, Launceston, Cornwall. Launceston also had the first use of anaesthetic in the Southern Hemisphere, it was the first Australian city to have underground sewers, and it was the first Australian city to be lit by hydroelectricity. The city has a maritime climate with four distinct seasons and is appreciably warmer than the south of the island during summer. Local government is split between the City of Launceston, Meander Valley and West Tamar Councils.
<Frank_Wilczek>	Frank Anthony Wilczek (/ˈwɪltʃɛk/; born May 15, 1951) is an American theoretical physicist, mathematician and Nobel laureate. He is currently the   Herman Feshbach Professor of Physics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), Founding Director of T. D. Lee Institute and Chief Scientist at the Wilczek Quantum Center, Shanghai Jiao Tong University (SJTU), distinguished professor at Arizona State University (ASU) and full professor at Stockholm University.Wilczek, along with David Gross and H. David Politzer, was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 2004 "for the discovery of asymptotic freedom in the theory of the strong interaction". In May 2022, he  was awarded the Templeton Prize for Progress Toward Research or Discoveries about Spiritual Realities.Born in Mineola, New York, Wilczek is of Polish and Italian origin. His grandparents were immigrants, who "really did work with their hands", according to Wilczek, but Frank's father took night school classes to educate himself, working as a repairman to support his family. Wilczek's father became a "self-taught engineer", whose interests in technology and science inspired his son.
<Eva_Angelina>	Eva Angelina is an American pornographic actress, feature dancer, and real estate agent. She has won several industry awards, including the 2008 AVN Award for Best Actress – Video and the 2008 XBIZ Award for Female Performer of the Year.Angelina was born in Huntington Beach, California.
<Mas_Subramanian>	Mas Subramanian, (born 1954), is a solid-state materials scientist at Oregon State University in Corvallis, Oregon. He is a University Distinguished Professor and the Milton Harris Chair of Materials Science in the university's Department of Chemistry. His work in solid-state chemistry on structure-property relationships of inorganic compounds has led to several breakthrough discoveries of novel functional materials, many of which have found usage in various applications. Subramanian has authored 400 research publications and holds 60 patents. His publications have received more than 30,000 citations (h-index: 75).Subramanian was born and raised in Chennai, India. Subramanian received his B.S. in chemistry from the University of Madras, in 1975 and received a M.S. in inorganic chemistry from the same university in 1977. Subramanian's master's thesis featured analysis of various minerals and alloy compounds. In 1982 Mas completed his Ph.D. in solid state chemistry on pyrochlore oxides at the Indian Institute of Technology, Madras, India, under the guidance of the late Professor G. V. Subba Rao. The introduction to his thesis is a pyrochlore review that remains his most cited work to date. From 1982 to 1984, he was a NSF Post Doctoral Fellow under the guidance of Abraham Clearfield at Texas A&M University, College Station, Texas.
<Basel>	Basel (/ˈbɑːzəl/ BAH-zəl, German: [ˈbaːzl̩] (listen)), also known as Basle (/bɑːl/ BAHL), is a city in northwestern Switzerland on the river Rhine. Basel is Switzerland's third-most-populous city (after Zürich and Geneva) with about 175,000 inhabitants. The official language of Basel is (the Swiss variety of Standard) German, but the main spoken language is the local Basel German dialect.Basel is commonly considered to be the cultural capital of Switzerland and the city is famous for its many museums, including the Kunstmuseum, which is the first collection of art accessible to the public in the world (1661) and the largest museum of art in Switzerland, the Fondation Beyeler (located in Riehen), the Museum Tinguely and the Museum of Contemporary Art, which is the first public museum of contemporary art in Europe. Forty museums are spread throughout the city-canton, making Basel one of the largest cultural centres in relation to its size and population in Europe.
<Bill_Vander_Zalm>	William Nicholas Vander Zalm (born Wilhelmus Nicholaas Theodore Marie van der Zalm; May 29, 1934) is a politician and entrepreneur in British Columbia, Canada. He was the 28th premier of British Columbia from 1986 to 1991.Wilhelmus Nicholaas Theodore Marie van der Zalm was born and raised in Noordwijkerhout, Netherlands. He emigrated to Canada after World War II, settling in the Fraser Valley in 1947. After completing high school, he sold tulip bulbs and ultimately established himself in the nursery and gardening business.Vander Zalm was elected an alderman of Surrey in 1965 and served as the city's mayor from 1969 to 1975. His tenure was marked by his crackdown on welfare "deadbeats" (until the early 1970s, welfare in BC was a municipal responsibility).
<The_Assault>	The Assault (original title in Dutch: De aanslag) is a 1982 novel by Dutch author Harry Mulisch. Random House published an English translation by Claire Nicolas White in 1985. It covers 35 years in the life of the lone survivor of a night in Haarlem during World War II when the Nazi occupation forces, finding a Dutch collaborator murdered, retaliate by killing most of the family in front of whose home the body was found. According to the New York Times, this novel "made his reputation at home and abroad". It was translated into dozens of languages and immediately adapted into a film of the same name that won the 1986 Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.The novel consists of a brief prologue and five "episodes" dated 1945, 1952, 1956, 1966, and 1981.Twelve-year-old Anton Steenwijk is living with his parents and older brother on the outskirts of Haarlem in January 1945 under Nazi Occupation. One evening they hear shots and discover that Fake Ploeg, a prominent Dutch collaborator, has been shot. They watch as their neighbors, the Kortewegs, a father and his teen-age daughter, move the body from where it fell in front of their house to a position in front of the Steenwijks' house. In the chaotic hours that follow, Anton's family is killed and their house torched, while he spends a night in a dark police station cell in Heemstede being comforted by an unseen young woman prisoner. As Nazi authorities transport him to Amsterdam a German soldier dies trying to protect him when the convoy is attacked from the air. They place him in the care of an aunt and uncle there.
<Symphonic_Variations_(ballet)>	Symphonic Variations is a one-act ballet by Frederick Ashton set to the eponymous music (M. 46) of César Franck. The premiere, performed by the Sadler's Wells Ballet, took place at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, on 24 April 1946 in a triple bill; the other works were Ashton's Les Patineurs and Robert Helpmann's Adam Zero. The ballet was conducted by Constant Lambert and the set designed by Sophie Fedorovitch.During the Second World War, Ashton listened to Franck's Symphonic Variations a great deal and he decided to develop an elaborate scenario to be set to the music. Constant Lambert, music director for the Sadler's Wells Ballet, at first objected to the use of Franck's music for a ballet; Ashton dropped his original scenario and created an abstract ballet. During the war, the repertory had become increasingly literary, and Ashton's purpose was to counteract this. It was not his intention to display ingenuity of invention but to construct a more abstract piece, setting three men and three women dancing on the vast expanse of the Opera House stage uncluttered with scenery and effect.
<Alexander_Dounce>	Alexander Latham Dounce (December 7, 1909 – April 24, 1997) was an American professor of biochemistry. Among his fields of study were the isolation and purification of cellular organelles, protein crystallization, enzymes (specifically catalase), DNA binding proteins, and the chemical basis of protein synthesis. He also invented the Dounce homogenizer, which was named after him.Alexander Dounce was born on December 7, 1909, in New York. He began his undergraduate studies at Hamilton College but later moved to Cornell University, where he also did his doctoral studies in the lab of James B. Sumner, a pioneer in protein crystallization. Dounce received his PhD in organic chemistry in 1935, the title of his thesis being "Study of dihydrofurans and the dehydration rearrangement of 2,3-ethylenic 1,4-diols". According to Marshall W. Nirenberg, another biochemist who knew Dounce personally, "during his [Dounce's] final doctoral exam when his doctoral committee got together to ask him questions after he had finished his thesis research, his mentor, Sumner, asked him the question, 'How do proteins synthesize other proteins?' He [Dounce] said that question remained in his mind ever since then."After his graduation, Dounce stayed in Sumners lab and did work on enzymes, particularly on enzyme isolation and purification. Together with Sumner, he achieved the first crystallization of the enzyme catalase in 1937. In 1941, Dounce moved to the Department of Biochemistry at University of Rochester Medical School, where he worked on the mechanism of uranium poisoning for the Manhattan Project. After the end of World War II, he focussed on studying cell nuclei and particularly the isolation of intact nuclei from tissue, which was a new field of research at the time. In 1952, Alexander Dounce and Ernest Kay, who was Dounce's first PhD student, published a new method for DNA isolation and purification from nuclei employing sodium dodecyl sulfate that became widely used.
<The_Australian_Golf_Club>	The Australian Golf Club is a golf club located in Rosebery, a suburb of Sydney, Australia. Although it survived numerous course location changes, it is arguably the oldest golf club in Australia. To date the course has held 20 Australian Open events and most recently in 2017 the event was won by Australian Cameron Davis. The course has been rated the 9th best in the country.The Australian Golf Club was founded in 1882, which makes it the oldest golf club in Australia followed by Royal Melbourne Golf Club (founded 1891). However, The Australian did not have a golf course between the years of 1888 and 1895, which has led to debate as to which golf club is the oldest.
<Olimpiyskiy_National_Sports_Complex>	The Olympic National Sports Complex (also known as Olympic Stadium; Ukrainian: Національний спортивний комплекс "Олімпійський", romanized: Natsionalnyi sportyvnyi kompleks "Olimpiiskyi") is a multi-use sports and recreation facility in Kyiv, Ukraine, located on the slopes of the city's central Cherepanova Hora (Cherepanov Hill), Pecherskyi District. The Olympic National Sports Complex Stadium, the home of FC Dynamo Kyiv, is the premier sports venue in Ukraine and the sixteenth largest in Europe. Since May 2020, the stadium is also used for the home matches of Shakhtar Donetsk due to the war in Donbas. The complex beside its stadium also features several other sports facilities and is designed to host the Olympic Games (the stadium hosted some football matches at the 1980 Summer Olympics).Following extensive renovation works, including the construction of a new roof, the stadium was reopened on 9 October 2011 with a performance by Shakira and had its international inauguration with a 3–3 friendly draw by Ukraine against Germany on 11 November 2011. It hosted the final of the UEFA Euro 2012 and the 2018 UEFA Champions League Final.
<RailCorp>	Rail Corporation New South Wales (RailCorp) was an agency of the State of New South Wales, Australia established under the Transport Administration Act 1988 in 2004. It was a division under the control of Transport for NSW since the latter's establishment in 2011. RailCorp was converted into a state-owned corporation and renamed Transport Asset Holding Entity (TAHE) on 1 July 2020.Until its conversion to TAHE, RailCorp held rail property assets, rolling stock and rail infrastructure in the Sydney metropolitan area and limited country locations in the state and it makes these assets available to Sydney Trains and NSW TrainLink for their operations. It also managed the NSW Government's contract with the Airport Link Company. At the time of conversion to TAHE, the acting chief executive of RailCorp was Sydney Trains chief executive Howard Collins.
<Vali_Gujarati_Gazal_Award>	Vali Gujarati Gazal Award is a literary honour in Gujarat, India. The award was instituted in 2005 by Vali Gujarati Gazal Kendra, run by Government of Gujarat, to perpetuate the memory of 17th century poet Vali Gujarati. The Award is conferred annually to the Gujarati ghazal poets.This article about a poetry award is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Jeffrey_Hunter>	Jeffrey Hunter (born Henry Herman McKinnies Jr.; November 25, 1926 – May 27, 1969) was an American film and television actor and producer known for his roles in films such as The Searchers and King of Kings. On television, Hunter is known for his 1965 role as Captain Christopher Pike in the original pilot episode of Star Trek and the later use of that footage in the episode "The Menagerie".Hunter was born in New Orleans, Louisiana, the son of Edith Lois (née Burgess) and Henry Herman McKinnies. His family was of Scottish ancestry. After 1930, he was reared in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, where he graduated from Whitefish Bay High School. He was very involved in school sports, and began acting in local theater and radio in his early teens. He worked for station WTMJ-FM and the Children's Theatre of the Air, sponsored by the Wauwatosa School Board.[citation needed]
<Simon_Baker>	Simon Lucas Baker (born 30 July 1969) is an Australian actor in television and film, as well as a director. He is known for his lead roles in the CBS television series The Mentalist as Patrick Jane and The Guardian as Nicholas Fallin and has starred in several Hollywood films.Baker was born on 30 July 1969 in Launceston, Tasmania. His father, Barry, was a mechanic and school caretaker, and his mother, Elizabeth, was a high school English teacher.[better source needed] He has an older sister, two half-brothers and a half-sister. Baker's family moved to New Guinea when Baker was nine months old. His parents' marriage ended when he was two and his father did not get in touch until Baker was an adult. His mother remarried to Tom Denny, a butcher, but Baker did not get on well with his stepfather. His mother and stepfather later got divorced.
<Suning_Appliance_Group>	Suning Appliance Group Co., Ltd.  (Chinese: 苏宁电器集团有限公司) is a Chinese holding company that is the third largest shareholder of Suning Appliance (also known as Suning Domestic Appliance in 1996, Suning Appliance Chain Store (Group) in 2001, Suning Commerce Group from 2013 to 2018, and Suning.com now), after Zhang Jindong (founder of Suning) and Alibaba Group.The company was formerly known as Jiangsu Suning Appliance Co., Ltd. (Chinese: 江苏苏宁电器有限公司) and Jiangsu Suning Appliance Group Co., Ltd. (Chinese: 江苏苏宁电器集团有限公司).As at 2002, Jiangsu Suning Appliance Group Co., Ltd. was owned by the ex-senior staff of Suning Appliance Co., Ltd., namely Liu Xiaomeng, Zhang Jindong, Sun Weimin (Chinese: 孙为民 , CEO of Suning) and Chen Jinfeng (Chinese: 陈金凤) for 42%, 28%, 18% and 12% stake respectively. The company owned several real estate and leased to Suning Domestic Appliance. When Suning Domestic Appliance was listed in Shenzhen Stock Exchange, Jiangsu Suning Appliance Group owned 18.29% stake.
<Cindy_Ambuehl>	Cindy K. Ambuehl is an American actress and real estate agent.Ambuehl was born in Los Angeles, California. Before becoming an actress, she was signed by the Judith Fontaine Modeling and Talent Agency as a model. She appeared in Wings as Stella in the season five episode "A Black Eye Affair" and in Seinfeld as Sophie in "The Burning". She also was in the second episode "Temptation" of the first season of Men Behaving Badly. From 2000 to 2003, she had a recurring role on the television series JAG as a TV producer and Harmon Rabb's girlfriend, Rene Peterson.She is married to actor Don Diamont. They have twin sons, born in 2000.
<Yasuhiro_Konishi>	Yasuhiro Konishi (小西康裕, Konishi Yasuhiro, 1893 - 1983) was one of the first karateka to teach karate on mainland Japan. He was instrumental in developing modern karate, as well as a driving force in the art's acceptance in Japan. He is credited with developing the style known as Shindō jinen-ryū (神道自然流).Yasuhiro Konishi was born in 1893 in Takamatsu, Kagawa, Japan. In 1899 he began training in Muso Ryu jujutsu, then kendo when he was 13 and later, Takenouchi-ryū jujutsu and judo. In 1915, he entered Keio University in Tokyo.Konishi's first exposure to te was through Tsuneshige Arakaki, who was from Okinawa.  Konishi quit his job in 1923 to open a martial arts center. Naming his dojo the Ryobu-Kan ("The House of Martial Arts Excellence"), Konishi provided instruction in kendo and jujutsu.
<Seamus_Heaney>	Seamus Justin Heaney MRIA (/ˈʃeɪməs ˈhiːni/; 13 April 1939 – 30 August 2013) was an Irish poet, playwright and translator. He received the 1995 Nobel Prize in Literature. Among his best-known works is Death of a Naturalist (1966), his first major published volume. Heaney was and is still recognised as one of the principal contributors to poetry in Ireland during his lifetime. American poet Robert Lowell described him as "the most important Irish poet since Yeats", and many others, including the academic John Sutherland, have said that he was "the greatest poet of our age". Robert Pinsky has stated that "with his wonderful gift of eye and ear Heaney has the gift of the story-teller." Upon his death in 2013, The Independent described him as "probably the best-known poet in the world".Heaney was born in the townland of Tamniaran between Castledawson and Toomebridge, Northern Ireland. His family moved to nearby Bellaghy when he was a boy. He became a lecturer at St. Joseph's College in Belfast in the early 1960s, after attending Queen's University and began to publish poetry. He lived in Sandymount, Dublin, from 1976 until his death. He lived part-time in the United States from 1981 to 2006.
<University_of_Melbourne>	The University of Melbourne is a public research university located in Melbourne, Australia. Founded in 1853, it is Australia's second oldest university and the oldest in Victoria. Its main campus is located in Parkville, an inner suburb north of Melbourne's central business district, with several other campuses located across Victoria.
<Hélder_Postiga>	Hélder Manuel Marques Postiga OIH (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈɛɫðɛɾ puʃˈtiɣɐ]; born 2 August 1982) is a Portuguese retired professional footballer who played as a striker.After beginning at Porto, where he won eight items of silverware along the way, he amassed Primeira Liga totals of 195 games and 54 goals over 11 seasons, with that club, Sporting and Rio Ave. He also played in six foreign countries, most notably in Spain where he totalled 27 goals in 99 La Liga matches for three teams.
<National_anthem_of_South_Africa>	The National Anthem of South Africa was adopted in 1997 and is a hybrid song combining extracts of the 19th century Xhosa hymn "Nkosi Sikelel' iAfrika" (English: "God Bless Africa", lit. '"Lord Bless Africa"') and the Afrikaans song which was used as the South African national anthem during the apartheid era, "Die Stem van Suid-Afrika" (English: "The Voice of South Africa"), with new English lyrics.The anthem is often referred to by its incipit of "Nkosi Sikelel' iAfrika", but this has never been its official title, which is simply "National Anthem of South Africa".
<The_Calcium_Kid>	The Calcium Kid is a British mockumentary comedy film which was released in 2004. It stars Orlando Bloom as a milkman and amateur boxer. Billie Piper and Michael Peña are also featured. It is directed by Alex De Rakoff and produced by Working Title Films.Jimmy Connelly is a milkman who is thrust into the spotlight after a brutal fighter, Pete Wright, gets injured. Under manager Herbie Bush, Jimmy must fight the middleweight champion of the world, Jose Mendez.
<Dési_von_Halban>	Désirée Louise Anna Ernestine "Dési" von Halban (10 April 1912 – 12 February 1996) was an Austrian opera and concert singer. She was the daughter of Austrian parents: operatic soprano Selma Kurz and gynecologist Josef von Halban.Dési von Halban was married to Dutch art dealer Jacques Goudstikker who fled the Nazis in 1940, but died on-board the SS Bodegraven [nl] while passing the English Channel. His wife and infant son, Edouard, made their way to New York City, via Montreal. His art collection was looted by the Nazis, and a group of 202 paintings was restituted in 2006, a decade after her death, only after a lengthy legal dispute.Halban remarried in 1950, to twice-divorced Dutch lawyer August von Saher. Her son adopted his stepfather's surname. He married Marei Langenbein, a West German figure skater. Their daughter, Charlene von Saher, became a competitive figure skater.
<King_Features_Syndicate>	King Features Syndicate, Inc. is a American content distribution and animation studio, consumer product licensing and print syndication company owned by Hearst Communications that distributes about 150 comic strips, newspaper columns, editorial cartoons, puzzles, and games to nearly 5,000 newspapers worldwide. King Features Syndicate also produces intellectual properties, develops new content and franchises, like The Cuphead Show!, which it produced with Netflix, and licenses its classic characters and properties. King Features Syndicate is a unit of Hearst Holdings, Inc., which combines the Hearst Corporation's cable-network partnerships, television programming and distribution activities, and syndication companies. King Features' affiliate syndicates are North America Syndicate and Cowles Syndicate.William Randolph Hearst's newspapers began syndicating material in 1895 after receiving requests from other newspapers. The first official Hearst syndicate was called Newspaper Feature Service, Inc., established in 1913. In 1914, Hearst and his manager Moses Koenigsberg consolidated all of Hearst's syndication enterprises under one banner (although Newspaper Feature Service was still in operation into at least the 1930s). Koenigsberg gave it his own name (the German word König means king) when he launched King Features Syndicate on November 16, 1915.Production escalated in 1916 with King Features buying and selling its own staff-created feature material. A trade publication — Circulation — was published by King Features between 1916 and 1933. In January 1929, the world-famous Popeye the sailor man character was introduced in King Features' Thimble Theater comic strip. 
<SIAI_S.52>	The SIAI S.52 was an Italian fighter prototype of 1924.In 1919, Alessandro Marchetti (1884–1966) designed the Marchetti MVT fighter, renamed the SIAI S.50 in 1922 when Marchetti joined the SIAI company as its chief designer. SIAI entered the S.50 in the 1923 Regia Aeronautica (Italian Royal Air Force) fighter contest, even though the S.50 was powered by a 212-kilowatt (285-horsepower) SPA 62a six-cylinder engine instead of the 224-kilowatt (300-horsepower) Hispano-Suiza HS 42 eight-cylinder water-cooled engine required by the Italian Air Ministry's specification for entrance in the contest. Despite this, the S.50 attracted enough Regia Aeronautica interest to prompt it to acquire three S.50 fighters from SIAI for evaluation, although a proposal to order twelve S.50 aircraft never bore fruit.Marchetti decided to design a derivative of the S.50 powered by the HS 42 engine for entry in the 1923 fighter contest. The resulting S.52 was a single-seat, all-metal biplane with its fuselage suspended between the upper and lower wings. The after part of the fuselage itself was flattened to serve as an airfoil. The semi-elliptical wings were extremely thin in section and larger in area than those of the S.50, and used ailerons to allow lateral control rather than the wing warping the S.50 employed. The S.50's all-moving tail surfaces were replaced in the S.52 by a conventional tail unit which combined fixed and moving surfaces. The engine drove a two-bladed propeller, and the S.52 was armed with two fixed, forward-firing 7.7-millimeter (0.303-inch) Vickers machine guns synchronized to fire through the propeller.
<Richard_L._Neuberger>	Richard Lewis Neuberger (December 26, 1912 – March 9, 1960) was an American journalist, author, and politician during the middle of the 20th century. A native of Oregon, he wrote for The New York Times before and after a stint in the U.S. Army during World War II. A Democrat, he entered politics in his home state by winning a seat in the Oregon House of Representatives and later was elected to the United States Senate. His widow, Maurine Brown Neuberger, won his Senate seat after his death.Neuberger was born on December 26, 1912, in the rural part of Multnomah County, Oregon, the son of Ruth (Lewis) and Isaac Neuberger, restaurant owners. His grandparents were all German Jewish immigrants. Neuberger grew up in nearby Portland. He graduated from the University of Oregon in 1935, and served as editor of the student newspaper, the Oregon Daily Emerald. Neuberger began writing for The New York Times as a college senior, and became the newspaper's Northwest correspondent in 1939. He also began writing books during these years.In 1940, Neuberger was elected to the Oregon House of Representatives. His political career was interrupted by World War II, during which Neuberger served in the U.S. Army as an officer from 1942 to 1945. Back in civilian life, Neuberger continued to work for the Times and write books, and was elected to the Oregon State Senate in 1948, after losing in 1946. Neuberger and State Senator and future Governor Robert Holmes were two of the leading liberals in the Oregon legislature at a time of Republican dominance. During the 1949 legislative session, Democrats succeeded in forcing a vote in favor of one of the nation's first fair employment practices laws, though watered down by the Republican majority.
<Jermaine_Beckford>	Jermaine Paul Alexander Beckford (born 9 December 1983) is an English Football pundit and former professional footballer who played  as a striker. He began his career as a trainee at Chelsea, and played for Wealdstone, Uxbridge, Leeds United, Carlisle United, Scunthorpe United, Everton, Leicester City, Huddersfield Town, Bolton Wanderers, Preston North End and Bury. He also represented Jamaica at international level.Beckford originally began his career in the Chelsea youth team, coming through the schoolboy ranks at the same time as Carlton Cole. Rejected by Chelsea in 2003, he was signed up by Wealdstone, then in the Isthmian Premier League, and played as a semi-professional for three years whilst also working as a windscreen fitter for the RAC. His very impressive goal scoring record for Wealdstone attracted a lot of attention from Football League sides and reportedly more than 30 professional clubs showed an interest in the prolific striker, with many sending scouts to watch him play for Wealdstone. He had a trial with Championship side Crystal Palace, before signing for Leeds United in March 2006 for an undisclosed fee, having scored 35 goals in 40 games for Wealdstone that season.
<Lily_Safra>	Lily Safra (née Watkins; also Cohen, Monteverde and Bendahan; 30 December 1934 – 9 July 2022) was a Brazilian-Monegasque billionaire and socialite who amassed considerable wealth through her four marriages. She had a significant art collection and owned the historic Villa Leopolda on the French Riviera. Her net worth was estimated at $1.3 billion. She became strongly engaged with philanthropy when she married the banker Edmond Safra, and this continued through their Foundation after his death in 1999.Lily Safra was born Lily Watkins on 30 December 1934 in Porto Alegre, Brazil. She was the daughter of Wolf White Watkins, a railway engineer of Anglo-Jewish origin born in Czechoslovakia and moved to South America during the electrification of Brazilian railroads, and Annita Noudelman de Castro, a Uruguayan of Russian Jewish ancestry. She grew up in Rio de Janeiro, and then moved with her family to Montevideo, Uruguay.
<The_Greatest_Show_in_the_Galaxy>	The Greatest Show in the Galaxy is the fourth and final serial of the 25th season of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, which was first broadcast in four weekly parts on BBC1 from 14 December 1988 to 4 January 1989.The serial is set on the planet Segonax. In the serial, visitors to the Psychic Circus are forced to put on acts for the amusement of their evil hosts. 
<James_F._Linzey>	James F. Linzey, M.Div. (born September 26, 1958) is an ordained minister in the Southern Baptist Convention and the author of numerous Bibles and books. The chief editor and executive director of the Modern English Version Bible,  and the general editor of the New Tyndale Version, he is the author of The United States Space Force Hymn (Creator of the Universe).His degrees include a B.A. from Southern California College and an M.Div. from Fuller Theological Seminary; also, he attended the Billy Graham School of Evangelism in Asheville, North Carolina.A prolific Bible translator and writer, Linzey authored and edited numerous Bibles and books:
<The_Adventures_of_Tom_Sawyer>	The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is an 1876 novel by Mark Twain about a boy growing up along the Mississippi River. It is set in the 1840s in the town of St. Petersburg, which is based on Hannibal, Missouri, where Twain lived as a boy. In the novel, Tom Sawyer has several adventures, often with his friend Huckleberry Finn. Originally a commercial failure, the book ended up being the best selling of Twain's works during his lifetime.Though overshadowed by its sequel, Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, the book is considered by many to be a masterpiece of American literature. It was one of the first novels to be written on a typewriter.Tom Sawyer is an orphan who lives with his Aunt Polly and his half-brother Sid in the town of St. Petersburg, Missouri, sometime in the 1840s. A fun-loving boy, he frequently skips school to play or go swimming. When Aunt Polly catches him sneaking home late on a Friday evening and discovers that he has been in a fight, she makes him whitewash her fence the next day as punishment.Tom cleverly persuades several neighborhood children to trade him small trinkets and treasures for the "privilege" of doing his tedious work, using reverse psychology to convince them of its enjoyable nature. Later, Tom trades the trinkets with students in his Sunday school class for tickets, given out for memorizing verses of Scripture. He collects enough tickets to earn a prized Bible from the teacher, despite being one of the worst students in the class and knowing almost nothing of Scripture, eliciting envy from the students and a mixture of pride and shock from the adults.
<Patrick_Galvin>	Patrick Galvin (15 August 1927 – 10 May 2011) was an Irish poet, singer, playwright, and prose and screenwriter born in Cork's inner city.Galvin was born in Cork in 1927 at a time of great political transition in Ireland. His mother was a Republican and his father a Free Stater which gave rise to ongoing political tension within the household and later informed his well loved poem "My Father Spoke with Swans" and his autobiographical memoir Song For a Poor Boy. An autodidact, he came to know and love literature through the Russian, French and Irish classics. His early poetry shows the influences of Gaelic poetry whilst his later poetry reflects more international rhythms and themes. He had grown up during the time of the Spanish Civil war under the shawl of his mother's Republican politics and later discovered a great affinity with the Andalusian poet, Federico García Lorca; these influences are evident in his epic poem about Michael Collins, 'The White Monument'. His childhood ended dramatically when he was sent to Daingean industrial school, noted for its abuse of young people in its care. This experience had a powerful influence on his earlier poetry which expresses the fear and brutality of that time:
<Syracuse_University>	Syracuse University (informally 'Cuse or SU) is a private research university in Syracuse, New York. Established in 1870 with roots in the Methodist Episcopal Church, the university has been nonsectarian since 1920. Located in the city's University Hill neighborhood, east and southeast of Downtown Syracuse, the large campus features an eclectic mix of architecture, ranging from nineteenth-century Romanesque Revival to contemporary buildings. Syracuse University is organized into 13 schools and colleges, with nationally recognized programs in architecture, public administration, journalism and communications, business administration, information studies, inclusive education, sport management, engineering, law, and the arts.  The university is classified among "R1: Doctoral Universities – Very high research activity". Alumni and affiliates include three Nobel Prize laureates, one Fields Medalist, 36 Olympic Medalists, 13 Pulitzer Prize recipients, numerous Academy Award winners, two Rhodes Scholars, five Marshall Scholars, the 46th president of the United States Joe Biden, and various governors and members of the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives.
<Manuel_V._Domenech>	Manuel Victor Domenech Ferrer (23 March 1869 – 15 March 1942) was a Puerto Rican politician and engineer. He was mayor of Ponce in 1904, and designer of Casa Armstrong-Poventud, Rosaly-Batiz House, and the 1898 Casas Gemelas (Twin Houses) built for Luis Casals, among others prominent structures.Domenech was born in Isabela, Puerto Rico on 23 March 1869. He graduated from Lehigh University, Pennsylvania, United States in 1888. Domenech was also educated at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. Studying at Lehigh University exposed Domenech to life in the state of  Pennsylvania at a time when that state was experiencing accelerated development in modernistic architecture. Likewise, his education at Rensselaer exposed him to the most advanced techniques in engineering and architecture training available at the time. Located in Troy, New York, Rensselaer also exposed the young student to a region experiencing a great amount of growth and architectural transformation during his time there.
<East_Lynne>	East Lynne is an English sensation novel of 1861 by Ellen Wood, writing as Mrs Henry Wood. A Victorian best-seller, it is remembered chiefly for its elaborate and implausible plot, centring on infidelity and double identities. There have been numerous stage and film adaptations.The much-quoted line "Gone! And never called me mother!" (variant: "Dead! Dead! And never called me mother!") does not appear in the book; both variants come from later stage adaptations.
<Paul_Flory>	Paul John Flory (June 19, 1910 – September 9, 1985) was an American chemist and Nobel laureate who was known for his work in the field of polymers, or macromolecules.  He was a leading pioneer in understanding the behavior of polymers in solution, and won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1974 "for his fundamental achievements, both theoretical and experimental, in the physical chemistry of macromolecules".Flory was born in Sterling, Illinois, on June 19, 1910. He was raised by Ezra Flory and Nee Martha Brumbaugh. His father worked as a clergyman-educator, and his mother was a school teacher. He first gained his interest in science from Carl W Holl, who was a professor in chemistry. Holl was employed in Indiana at Manchester College as a chemistry professor.  In 1936, he married Emily Catherine Tabor. He and Emily had three children together; Susan Springer, Melinda Groom and Paul John Flory jr. They also had five grandchildren. All of his children pursued careers in the field of science. After graduating from Elgin High School in Elgin, Illinois in 1927, Flory received a bachelor's degree from Manchester College (Indiana) (now Manchester University) in 1931 and a Ph.D. from the Ohio State University in 1934.  His first position was at DuPont with Wallace Carothers. He was posthumously inducted into the Alpha Chi Sigma Hall of Fame in 2002. Flory died on September 9, 1985 due to a massive heart attack. His wife Emily died in 2006 aged 94.
<Philadelphia,_Here_I_Come!>	Philadelphia, Here I Come! is a 1964 play by Irish dramatist Brian Friel. Set in the fictional town of Ballybeg, County Donegal, the play launched Friel onto the international stage.Philadelphia, Here I Come! centres around Gareth (Gar) O'Donnell's move to America, specifically Philadelphia. The play takes place on the night before and morning of Gar's departure to America. Gar is portrayed by two characters, Gar Public ("the Gar that people see, talk to, talk about") and Gar Private ("the unseen man, the man within, the conscience"). Gareth lives with his father, S. B. O'Donnell ("a responsible, respectable citizen") with whom he has never connected. Gar works for his father in his shop and their relationship is no different from that of Boss and Employee. Private often makes fun of S.B. calling him "Screwballs" and parodying his nightly routine as a fashion show.
<Yang_Zishan>	Yang Zishan (Chinese: 杨子姗, born 6 November 1986) is a Chinese actress. She is known for her breakout role in the film So Young, which won her the Huabiao Award for Outstanding New Actress and the Best Actress awards at the 5th China Image Film Festival and the 5th International Chinese Film Festival. Her outstanding performance in So Young also earned her nominations for best actress for the Golden Rooster Award, the Hundred Flowers Award, and at the Asia-Pacific Film Festival. In 2015, she won the Best Actress Award at the Shanghai International Film Festival for her performance in 20 Once Again. In 2017, She starred in Walking Past the Future, the only Chinese film to be nominated for the Un Certain Regard at the 2017 Cannes Film Festival, and the science fiction thriller Battle of Memories. In 2018, she starred in Till the End of the World, the first film in history to shoot in Antarctica. In 2020, her film Wuhai premiered at the 68th San Sebastian Film Festival where it competed for the Golden Shell. In 2021, her film Ripples of Life premiered at the 2021 Cannes Film Festival.Yang married actor Matt Wu in 2015. They met while starring in 7-minute romantic drama in Taiwan as part of the 2011 web series Female Zodiac Stories.
<Kamleshwar>	Kamleshwar may refer to:
<Milestone_S.r.l.>	Milestone S.r.l. is an Italian video game developer based in Milan. Founded in 1994 by Antonio Farina, the studio specialises in racing games, especially motorcycle racing games. The company began under the name Graffiti, developing the car racing game Screamer. After the studio rebranded as Milestone in 1996, it used Screamer's success for multi-game publishing deals with Virgin Interactive and Electronic Arts. The poor performance of Racing Evoluzione, published by Atari with little marketing, lead to key figures leaving Milestone. As part of Leader Group from 2002 on, the studio hired many younger developers and developed multiple games for multiple platforms, including several based on the Superbike World Championship. This shaped Milestone's identity as a developer of motorcycle racing games. After detaching from Leader Group in 2011, the studio obtained the license for MotoGP games in 2013. In 2019, Milestone was acquired by Koch Media.Antonio Farina founded Milestone as Graffiti in 1994. The nascent studio's first notable game was Screamer, a racing game for personal computers. In 1996, the studio rebranded as Milestone and used Screamer's success to reach publishing agreements with Virgin Interactive and Electronic Arts (EA). Virgin Interactive published Screamer 2 and Screamer Rally, while EA obtained a licence for games based on the Superbike World Championship (SBK). Milestone and EA worked on three such games released through 2000. These games grew Milestone's visibility and led to a deal with Atari. The publisher was in a troubled financial situation at the time and approached Milestone with a game idea for what became Racing Evoluzione. The deal appeared like a good idea to Milestone but Atari provided little marketing and released it in 2003 in direct competition with Project Gotham Racing. In late 2002, Milestone joined Leader Group. Racing Evoluzione attracted mixed reviews and underperformed commercially, leading to the departures of key figures at the company. Consequently, the studio hired many younger developers, who sought to take the studio in a new direction. As part of Leader Group, Milestone initially worked exclusively with the internal publisher Lago but later found that working with external publishers would be in its best interest. Still, Milestone's position as a subsidiary allowed it to grow and develop multiple games for multiple platforms simultaneously.
<Stainless_Games>	Stainless Games is an independent British video game developer based in Newport, Isle of Wight, that is best known for the creation of the Carmageddon franchise.Originally named Stainless Software, the company was founded in August 1994 by lead programmer Patrick Buckland and design director Neil Barnden. It was originally located in "The Cottage" on the Isle of Wight.
<Death_of_a_Naturalist>	Death of a Naturalist (1966) is a collection of poems written by Seamus Heaney, who received the 1995 Nobel Prize in Literature. The collection was Heaney's first major published volume, and includes ideas that he had presented at meetings of The Belfast Group. Death of a Naturalist won the Cholmondeley Award, the Gregory Award, the Somerset Maugham Award, and the Geoffrey Faber Memorial Prize.The work consists of 34 short poems and is largely concerned with childhood experiences and the formulation of adult identities, family relationships, and rural life. The collection begins with one of Heaney's best-known poems, "Digging", and includes the acclaimed "Death of a Naturalist" and "Mid-Term Break".
<Université_de_Sherbrooke>	The University of Sherbrooke (French: Université de Sherbrooke) (UdS) is a large public French-language university in Quebec, Canada with campuses located in Sherbrooke and Longueuil, a suburb of Montreal approximately 130 km (81 mi) west of Sherbrooke. It is one of two universities in the Estrie region of Quebec (the other one being Bishop's University), and the only French-language university for the region.As of 2022, the Université de Sherbrooke is home to 31,000 students, and an additional 3,000 older learners (age 50+) in continuing education in its "University of the Third Age". Of its 7,400 employees, about 4,000 are teaching staff. The university has over 100,000 graduates and offers 46 undergraduate, 48 master's and 27 doctoral programs. It holds a total of 61 research chairs, among which are the pharmacology, microelectronics, statistical learning, and environment research chairs.The Université de Sherbrooke has five campuses:
<Gene_Chizik>	Eugene C. Chizik Jr.  (born December 28, 1961) is an American football coach who is currently the Assistant Head Coach for Defense at North Carolina. A veteran of the coaching ranks, Chizik previously was UNC's defensive coordinator for the 2015 and 2016 seasons, and served as the head coach of the Auburn football team from 2009 until the end of the 2012 season.  Chizik's 2010 Auburn Tigers football team completed a 14–0 season with a victory over Oregon in the BCS National Championship Game, and quarterback Cam Newton won the Heisman Trophy. Chizik played college football at the University of Florida in 1981 for head coach Charley Pell.Chizik was born in Florida. Chizik earned a bachelor's degree in education from the University of Florida in 1986, and received a master's degree in guidance and counseling from Clemson University in 1991.
<Merrill_Cook>	Merrill Cook (born May 6, 1946) is a Republican Party politician and businessman who served in the United States House of Representatives from Utah.Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and raised in Salt Lake City, Utah, Cook was the son of scientist Melvin A. Cook who pioneered the development of slurry explosives. He graduated from East High School in 1964 and the University of Utah in 1969 and earned an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School in 1971. He was hired as a budget analyst by Arthur D. Little, Inc. and in 1973 founded Cook Slurry Company, a mining explosives manufacturer, of which he served as president and chief executive.Cook married Camille Sanders with whom he had five children. They are members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Camille, an opera singer in the LDS Church, died of complications from Alzheimer's disease on January 15, 2015.
<Democrats_of_the_Left>	The Democrats of the Left (Italian: Democratici di Sinistra, DS) was a social-democratic political party in Italy.The DS, successor of the Democratic Party of the Left (PDS) and the Italian Communist Party, was formed in 1998 upon the merger of the PDS with several minor parties. A member of The Olive Tree coalition, in October 2007 the DS merged with Democracy is Freedom – The Daisy and a number of minor centre-left parties to form the Democratic Party.The DS was successively led by Massimo D'Alema, Walter Veltroni and Piero Fassino.At its 20th congress in 1991, the Italian Communist Party was transformed into the Democratic Party of the Left, responding to the Revolutions of 1989 in eastern Europe by re-orienting the party towards the European democratic-socialist tradition. Under the leadership of Massimo D'Alema, the PDS merged with some minor centre-left movements (Labour Federation, Social Christians, Republican Left, Unitarian Communists, Reformists for Europe and Democratic Federation) on 13 February 1998.  The DS' symbol lacked the hammer and sickle, which was present in the PDS' one and was instead replaced by the red rose of European social democracy as used by the Party of European Socialists (PES).
<Javi_Moreno>	Javier Moreno may refer to:
<The_Hahn_Company>	The Hahn Company, San Diego, California, alternately known as Ernest W. Hahn, Inc., was a major American shopping center owner and developer from the 1950s to the 1980s. Purchased by the Trizec Corp. in 1980 (which then took the name TrizecHahn), it became defunct.The company was founded and managed by Ernest W. Hahn (1919–1992). During its 30 years of existence the company built 45 shopping malls in 18 states, from Florida to Oregon. Their first major project was the regional shopping mall La Cumbre Plaza in Santa Barbara, California, which opened in 1967. Hahn went on to become the largest mall builder in the West.The innovative Horton Plaza mall in Downtown San Diego, which opened in 1985, helped lead the rejuvenation of the city's downtown area. It was the first successful downtown retail center since the rise of suburban shopping centers decades earlier. Hahn had previously built the Fashion Valley and Parkway Plaza malls in San Diego.
<Warren_S._Warren>	Warren Sloan Warren is the James B. Duke Professor of Chemistry and Director of the Center for Molecular and Biomolecular Imaging at Duke University. He is also a Professor of Physics, Radiology, and Biomedical Engineering at the same institution. Warren is a deputy editor of the open-access journal Science Advances.[1] He has contributed to the theory of Quantum Coherence as well as nonlinear optical spectroscopy.Warren began his career in the field of Magnetic Resonance where his work contributed to the revised understanding of the interactions between widely separated spins.  Warren would go on to exploit these  "Intermolecular Multiple Quantum Coherences", and this work helped lead to the development of new pulse sequences for magnetic resonance imaging with new types of contrast. His work in nonlinear optics developed a range of optical methods which exploit laser pulse shaping to image molecular content, including tissue and paintings.This biographical article about an American chemist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Porto>	Porto or Oporto (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈpoɾtu] (listen)) is the second-largest city in Portugal, the capital of the Porto District, and one of the Iberian Peninsula's major urban areas. Porto city proper, which is the entire municipality of Porto, is small compared to its metropolitan area, with an estimated population of just 231,800 people in a municipality with only 41.42 km2. Porto's metropolitan area has around 1.7 million people (2021) in an area of 2,395 km2 (925 sq mi), making it the second-largest urban area in Portugal. It is recognized as a global city with a Gamma + rating from the Globalization and World Cities Research Network.Located along the Douro River estuary in northern Portugal, Porto is one of the oldest European centres, and its core was proclaimed a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1996, as "Historic Centre of Porto, Luiz I Bridge and Monastery of Serra do Pilar". The historic area is also a National Monument of Portugal. The western part of its urban area extends to the coastline of the Atlantic Ocean. Its settlement dates back many centuries, when it was an outpost of the Roman Empire. Its combined Celtic-Latin name, Portus Cale, has been referred to as the origin of the name Portugal, based on transliteration and oral evolution from Latin. In Portuguese, the name of the city includes a definite article:  o Porto ("the port" or "the harbor"), which is where its English name "Oporto" comes from.
<Caroline_Barker>	Caroline Barker is a British sports journalist and broadcaster who works in television and radio. She currently presents mainly for BBC Radio 5 Live, BBC World Service, Sky Sports, The Totally Football Show and Premier League Productions. Barker was the first female presenter of Match Day Live for Premier League Productions.Barker first worked for BBC Essex, before joining BBC London 94.9 in 2004 as a sports reporter. While at BBC London she worked as cover for sports reporters on BBC Radio 2 and BBC Radio 4. Beyond sports news, Barker presents the award winning Sportshour for BBC World Service and was presenter of Sportsworld for the BBC World Service until 2015. Since 2014 she has regularly presented on programmes across BBC Radio 5 Live, covering on 5 Live Sport, 5 Live Drive and Weekend Breakfast shows. She has become frequent panellist on BBC 5 Live's sports comedy show Fighting Talk winning the programme's "Rookie of the year award" in May 2015, and in the same year led 5 Live's coverage of the Women's World Cup. She has since hosted the 2019 Women's World Cup for 5 Live. Barker is known for her love of fancy dress and appeared in a parrot costume during a live edition of popular BBC radio 5 show Fighting Talk broadcast from Cardiff.
<Harvey_J._Alter>	Harvey James Alter (born September 12, 1935) is an American medical researcher, virologist, physician and Nobel Prize laureate, who is best known for his work that led to the discovery of the hepatitis C virus. Alter is the former chief of the infectious disease section and the associate director for research of the Department of Transfusion Medicine at the Warren Grant Magnuson Clinical Center in the National Institutes of Health (NIH) in Bethesda, Maryland. In the mid-1970s, Alter and his research team demonstrated that most post-transfusion hepatitis cases were not due to hepatitis A or hepatitis B viruses. Working independently, Alter and Edward Tabor, a scientist at the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, proved through transmission studies in chimpanzees that a new form of hepatitis, initially called "non-A, non-B hepatitis" caused the infections, and that the causative agent was probably a virus. This work eventually led to the discovery of the hepatitis C virus in 1988, for which he shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2020 along with Michael Houghton and Charles M. Rice.Alter has received recognition for the research leading to the discovery of the virus that causes hepatitis C. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal, the highest award conferred to civilians in United States government public health service, and the 2000 Albert Lasker Award for Clinical Medical Research.
<Alexander_Schneider>	Abraham Alexander Schneider (October 21, 1908 – February 2, 1993) was a violinist, conductor and educator. Born to a Jewish family in Vilnius, Lithuania, he later moved to the United States as a member of the Budapest String Quartet.Alexander (Sasha) was born Abram Sznejder. At 13, he almost died of tetanus after cutting his knee in an accident. The tetanus distorted his joints and recovery was long and painful. Sasha left Vilnius in 1924 and joined his brother Mischa Schneider in Frankfurt after securing a scholarship to study violin with Adolf Rebner, the principal violin tutor at the Hoch Conservatory.In 1927, Alexander became leader (concertmaster) of an orchestra in Saarbrücken. It was at this point that he changed his name. The conductor wanted him as leader, but wanted a German-sounding name. Abram took Schneider as a surname because his brother Mischa had already chosen it, and Alexander appealed to him as a first name. In 1929, he was appointed leader of the Norddeutscher Rundfunk Orchestra in Hamburg. In 1932, he lost this job as a result of the ongoing Nazi campaign against Jews, and soon had to leave Germany.
<Annie_(musical)>	Annie is a Broadway musical based upon the popular Harold Gray comic strip Little Orphan Annie and loosely based on the 1885 poem "Little Orphant Annie" written by James Whitcomb Riley. The musical includes music by Charles Strouse, lyrics by Martin Charnin, and a book by Thomas Meehan. The original Broadway production opened in 1977 and ran for nearly six years, setting a record for the Alvin Theatre (now the Neil Simon Theatre). It spawned numerous productions in many countries, as well as national tours, and won seven Tony Awards, including the Tony Award for Best Musical. The musical's songs "Tomorrow" and "It's the Hard Knock Life" are among its most popular musical numbers.Charnin first approached Meehan to write the book of a musical about Little Orphan Annie in 1972.  Meehan researched by rereading prints of the comic strip, but was unable to find any satisfactory material for a musical other than the characters of Annie, Oliver Warbucks, and Sandy, so he decided to write his own story.  As Meehan, Charnin and Strouse were all from New York, and given what he saw as the downbeat mood of the then-current Nixon era and Vietnam War, Meehan set his story in New York during the similarly downbeat Great Depression. Meehan saw the character of Annie as a 20th-century American female version of the titular orphan characters created by Charles Dickens in works such as Oliver Twist and David Copperfield, with the mystery of Annie's abandonment and unknown parenthood as consistent with a strand of mysteries in Dickens' tales.  Meehan's book was accepted by Charnin and Strouse, but considerable material had to be trimmed out – material which Meehan would later restore for his novelization.
<Akira_Endo_(biochemist)>	Akira Endo (遠藤 章, Endō Akira, born 14 November 1933) is a Japanese biochemist whose research into the relationship between fungi and cholesterol biosynthesis led to the development of statin drugs, which are some of the best-selling pharmaceuticals in history.He received the Japan Prize in 2006, the Lasker-DeBakey Clinical Medical Research Award in 2008, the Canada Gairdner International Award in 2017.Endo was born on a farm in Northern Japan and had an interest in fungi already at a young age, being an admirer of Alexander Fleming. He obtained a BA at Tohoku University (Faculty of Agriculture) in Sendai in 1957 and a PhD in biochemistry at the same university in 1966.
<PC_Fútbol>	PC Fútbol was a series of football management simulation games developed by Spanish developers Dinamic Multimedia. It was one of the big successes in the Spanish PC market, spawning several titles from 1992 until the studio's closure in 2001. The series was later revived in 2004 by developers Gaelco and there were two more releases before the series final demise.PC Fútbol was a significant hit in Spain; Marca's Marcos Anton wrote that it "became an absolute legend of the genre". Its first installment sold 7,000 copies in Spain, while PC Fútbol 7 reached domestic sales of 360,000 copies. The games were always sold at a budget price, usually in kiosks, and were always fiercely championed by the local press. Unlike most other football sims at the time, the game (since 2.0) allowed to take both player (dubbed arcade) and managerial approach to the game, a formula that was not used in mainstream games until Total Club Manager 2004 allowed FIFA 2004 owners to actually play the game (which in its turn was modeled after Ascaron's Anstoss series).
<Eduard_von_Borsody>	Eduard von Borsody (German: [ˈboʁʒodi]; 13 June 1898 – 1 January 1970) was an Austrian cameraman, film editor, film director, and screenplay writer.His film career began as a cameraman. Among his first jobs were three films on which Mihály Kertész (later Michael Curtiz) carried out the production design for the Vienna-based Sascha-Film: an Arthur Schnitzler adaptation Der junge Medardus (1923), the romance Fiaker Nr. 13 and the artist's life Der goldene Schmetterling (both 1926). Later he worked with such different directors as Carl Wilhelm, Ernő Metzner, Gustav Ucicky and Max Nosseck.
<Alice_Gast>	Alice Petry Gast FREng (born May 25, 1958) is an American researcher, was the 16th president of Imperial College London, and sits on the board of directors of Chevron. Gast was named one of the top 100 "Modern Era" engineers in the US under the category of "Leadership" by the American Institute of Chemical Engineers.Born in Houston, Texas, US, Gast graduated as valedictorian from the University of Southern California in 1980 with a BSc in chemical engineering. She completed her postgraduate work at Princeton University, receiving an MA (1981) and PhD (1984) in chemical engineering, with thesis titled A Study of Polymer-Induced Phase Transitions in Colloidal Suspensions and was a Hertz Fellow. She spent a postdoctoral year completing a NATO fellowship at the École Supérieure de Physique et de Chimie Industrielles in Paris. From 1985 to 2001, she taught at Stanford University, and then moved to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where she served as the vice president for research and associate provost until her appointment as Lehigh University president in 2006.
<Antony_Sher>	Sir Antony Sher KBE (14 June 1949 – 2 December 2021) was a British actor, writer and theatre director of South African origin. A two-time Laurence Olivier Award winner and a four-time nominee, he joined the Royal Shakespeare Company in 1982 and toured in many roles, as well as appearing on film and television. In 2001, he starred in his cousin Ronald Harwood's play Mahler's Conversion, and said that the story of a composer sacrificing his faith for his career echoed his own identity struggles.During his 2017 "Commonwealth Tour", Prince Charles referred to Sher as his favourite actor. Sher and his partner and collaborator Gregory Doran became one of the first same-sex couples to enter into a civil partnership in the UK.
<Anthony_R._Hunter>	Anthony Rex Hunter (born 23 August 1943) is a British-American biologist who is a Professor of Biology at the Salk Institute for Biological Studies and the University of California San Diego. His research publications list his name as Tony Hunter.Hunter was born in 1943 in the United Kingdom and educated at Felsted School, prior to Christ's College, Cambridge, where he was awarded a PhD in 1969 for research on protein synthesis.
<I_Get_Ideas>	"I Get Ideas" is a popular song which has been recorded by various musicians and used in a number of films and television episodes.The music is a 1927 tango-canción (tango with lyrics) called "Adios, Muchachos", composed by Argentinian Julio César Sanders (often credited in the U.S. as "Lenny Sanders").[1] The English lyric (which has nothing to do with the original Spanish lyric by Cesar Felipe Vedani) is by Dorcas Cochran, and was published in 1951.The best-known version of the song was the recording by Tony Martin. It was recorded on April 16, 1951  and released by RCA Victor Records as catalog number 20-4141. It first reached the Billboard magazine charts on May 25, 1951 and lasted 30 weeks on the chart, peaking at #3.
<Bangkok_Dock_Company>	The Bangkok Dock Company (1957) Limited (Thai: บริษัทอู่กรุงเทพ จำกัด) is a Thai shipbuilding company. It operates as a  state enterprise under the oversight of the Ministry of Defence. It was founded in 1865 as the Bangkok Dock Co by Captain John Bush, the harbour master of Bangkok, and was acquired by the Royal Thai Navy in 1957. The company now has two facilities: the original Bangkok dockyard on Charoen Krung Road next to Wat Yan Nawa, and a newer main facility operating at the Mahidol Adulyadej Naval Dockyard at Sattahip in Chonburi Province.This Thailand-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<BHC_Communications>	BHC Communications, Inc. was the holding company for the broadcast property of Chris-Craft Industries. BHC stands for "broadcasting holding company".The firm was originally incorporated in 1977 as BHC, Incorporated by Chris-Craft Industries to hold its two existing incorporated independent television stations, KCOP Television (KCOP in Los Angeles) and Oregon Television (KPTV in Portland, Oregon), within BHC's Chris-Craft Television subsidiary. That same year, Chris-Craft purchased a share of 20th Century Fox. In 1981, the 20th Century Fox share, then at 20 percent, was traded for 19% of United Television. United owned three other television stations: independent KMSP-TV in Minneapolis, ABC affiliate KTVX in Salt Lake City, and NBC-affiliated KMOL-TV (now WOAI-TV) in San Antonio.
<Augustus_Bradford>	Augustus Williamson Bradford (January 9, 1806 – March 1, 1881), a Democrat, was the 32nd Governor of Maryland in the United States from 1862 to 1866.  He served as governor during the Civil War and paid a heavy price for his devotion to the Union.Augustus Williamson Bradford was born in Bel Air, Maryland on January 9, 1806, the son of Samuel Bradford and Jane Bond.  He graduated from St. Mary's College in 1824. After graduation, he studied law under the tutelage of Otho Scott, and was admitted to the bar in 1826. He later moved to Baltimore and lived there for the rest of his life. He married Elizabeth Kell on November 10, 1835, and they had twelve children, of whom seven survived their father.In 1845, Governor Thomas Pratt appointed Bradford the Clerk of the Baltimore County Court, a post he occupied until 1851. In February 1861, Governor Thomas H. Hicks appointed Bradford one of Maryland's delegates to the Washington Peace Conference, where he made a speech supporting the Union.  Following the conference, the Union Party named Bradford as its candidate for governor, opposing the Democratic candidate General Benjamin C. Howard.  Bradford defeated Howard by approximately 30,000 votes and took office on January 8, 1862.
<Veronica_Cooper>	Veronica Cooper (née Balfe; May 27, 1913 – February 16, 2000) was an American actress who appeared in The Gay Nighties and other films under the name Sandra Shaw. She was the wife of the actor Gary Cooper and mother of painter Maria Cooper Janis.Veronica Balfe[citation needed] was born in Brooklyn to Veronica Gibbons and Harry Balfe, Jr. Following her parents' divorce, she lived in Paris with her mother. Balfe did not see her father for many years, but kept in touch with her grandfather, who owned a ranch in California. Balfe saw her father a few years before his death in the 1950s. Her mother married Paul Shields, a successful Wall Street financier.Cooper graduated from the Todhunter School and the Bennett School in Millbrook, New York. While she was in school, she studied dramatics and participated in some amateur productions. An avid sportswoman, Cooper was known to her friends by the nickname, "Rocky."
<Government_of_Canada>	The government of Canada (French: gouvernement du Canada) is the body responsible for the federal administration of Canada. A constitutional monarchy, the Crown is the corporation sole, assuming distinct roles: the executive, as the Crown-in-Council; the legislature, as the Crown-in-Parliament; and the courts, as the Crown-on-the-Bench. Three institutions—the Privy Council (conventionally, the Cabinet); the Parliament of Canada; and the judiciary, respectively—exercise the powers of the Crown.The term "Government of Canada" (French: Gouvernement du Canada) more commonly refers specifically to the executive—ministers of the Crown (the Cabinet) and the federal civil service (whom the Cabinet direct)—which corporately brands itself as the Government of Canada, formally known as His Majesty's Government (French: Gouvernement de Sa Majesté). There are over one hundred ministries, departments and crown corporations and over 300,000 persons employed in the Government of Canada. (See Structure of the Canadian federal government) These institutions carry out the programs and enforce the laws established by the Parliament of Canada.
<Sofina>	Sofina, Société Financière de Transports et d'Entreprises Industrielles, is a Belgian holding company, headquartered in Brussels with offices in Singapore. As part of the Bel20 index, it is one of the twenty largest capitalisation in Belgium. The company invests in several industrial sectors such as telecommunication (7%), portfolio companies, banks and insurance (6%), private equity (6%), services within the company (18%), consumer goods (31%), energy (6%), food distribution (8%) and various other sectors (10%). Geographically, Sofina has investments located in Belgium, France, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, India and North America.The company was founded in 1898. It was led from 1905 until 1955 by the Belgian-American engineer of German origin Dannie Heineman (1872-1962). Historically, the company owned the Anglo-Argentine Tramways Company, which was one of the largest tram operators in the world at the time. From 1955 on, the current family shareholders  started to invest. Yves Boël is appointed Director in 1956. In 1964, the Boël family took control together with Société Générale de Belgique.
<David_Cameron>	David William Donald Cameron (born 9 October 1966) is a British former politician who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 2010 to 2016 and Leader of the Conservative Party from 2005 to 2016. He previously served as Leader of the Opposition from 2005 to 2010, and was Member of Parliament (MP) for Witney from 2001 to 2016. He identifies as a one-nation conservative, and has been associated with both economically liberal and socially liberal policies.Born in London to an upper-middle-class family, Cameron was educated at Heatherdown School, Eton College, and Brasenose College, Oxford. From 1988 to 1993 he worked at the Conservative Research Department, latterly assisting the Conservative Prime Minister John Major, before leaving politics to work for Carlton Communications in 1994. Becoming an MP in 2001, he served in the opposition shadow cabinet under Conservative leader Michael Howard, and succeeded Howard in 2005. Cameron sought to rebrand the Conservatives, embracing an increasingly socially liberal position, and introducing the "A-List" to increase the number of female and minority ethnic Conservative MPs.
<İsdemir>	İsdemir is a Turkish steel producer located in Payas, Hatay Province on the Mediterranean coast. The name is a contraction of the Turkish language İskenderun Demir ve Çelik A.Ş.,  which means "İskenderun Iron and Steel CO ". İsdemir is currently an Erdemir venture, another steel works located in Ereğli at the Black Sea coast.Established in 1970 to produce long steel products, İskenderun Demir ve Çelik A.Ş. was incorporated into Erdemir Group on February 1, 2002. Production of flat steel began in 2008 at its İskenderun plant with the implementation of modernization and transformation investments so as to balance long and flat steel production levels in Turkey.İsdemir plays a significant role in enhancing the capacity of flat steel production while carrying on its activities to manufacture long products such as billet and wire rod.
<Ralph_Forbes>	Ralph Forbes (born Ralph Forbes Taylor; 30 September 1904 – 31 March 1951) was an English film and stage actor active in Britain and the United States.Forbes was born in Wandsworth, London, the son of Ernest John "E.J." and Ethel Louise Taylor. His mother would become known as Mary Forbes, a stage and film actress. His younger sister was actress Brenda Forbes (born Dorothy Brenda Taylor). Born on 30 September 1904, Forbes was baptized on 6 November and his birth was legally registered with the authorities during the last quarter of 1904.
<Goran_Popov>	Goran Popov (Macedonian: Горан Попов; born 2 October 1984) is a retired Macedonian footballer, who played as a defender.Popov started his career with local side Belasica and moved to Greece with Proodeftiki and AEK Athens. He signed for Red Star Belgrade in 2004 but injuries prevented him from making an impact and he returned to Greek football with Egaleo after a short loan spell in Poland with Odra Wodzisław. Egaleo were relegated in 2007 and Popov joined Levadiakos before moving to Dutch club Heerenveen in July 2008. At Heerenveen he finally found some success and won the KNVB Cup in 2009 scoring in the final against FC Twente. After good form in European competitions Popov signed for Ukrainian side Dynamo Kyiv.
<United_States_men's_national_under-23_soccer_team>	The United States U-23 men's national soccer team, also known as the United States men's Olympic soccer team, is a youth soccer team operated under the auspices of U.S. Soccer. Its primary role is qualification into and competition at the quadriennial Olympic Football Tournament, the next of which is to be held during the 2024 Summer Olympics in Paris, France. The team's most recent major tournament was the 2020 edition at the Tokyo Olympics, in which the United States team did not qualify. Their most recent qualfiication was the tournament at the 2008 Summer Olympics, where the team was eliminated in the group stage.In accordance with FIFA regulations, the roster can be augmented with three "overage" players during Olympic competition.
<USFR_Media_Group>	USFR Media Group (corporate name U.S. Farm & Ranch Supply Company, Inc.) is a media company based in Houston, Texas. Founded by Griffen Farrell. USFR publishes the Western lifestyle magazines Western & English Today and Cowboys & Indians. It formerly owned KTBU Channel 55 in Houston and the America One television network (through VOTH Network, Inc.) from the network's launch in 1995 until it was sold in a shareholder buyout in 2009.This United States media company article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Albert_Einstein_Award>	The Albert Einstein Award (sometimes mistakenly called the Albert Einstein Medal because it was accompanied with a gold medal) was an award in theoretical physics, given periodically from 1951 to 1979, that was established to recognize high achievement in the natural sciences. It was endowed by the Lewis and Rosa Strauss Memorial Fund in honor of Albert Einstein's 70th birthday. It was first awarded in 1951 and, in addition to a gold medal of Einstein by sculptor Gilroy Roberts, it also included a prize money of $15,000, which was later reduced to $5,000. The winner was selected by a committee (the first of which consisted of Einstein, Oppenheimer, von Neumann, and Weyl) of the Institute for Advanced Study, which administered the award. Lewis L. Strauss used to be one of the trustees of the institute.This award should not be confused with many others named after the famous physicist, such as the Albert Einstein World Award of Science given by the World Cultural Council (since 1984), the Albert Einstein Medal given by the Albert Einstein Society (since 1979), nor with the Hans Albert Einstein Award, named after his son and given by the American Society of Civil Engineers (since 1988). It was established much earlier than these, while Einstein was still alive and was a professor at the Institute for Advanced Study. It has been called "the highest of its kind in the United States" by The New York Times. Some considered it as "the prestigious equivalent of a Nobel Prize".
<Pei_Cobb_Freed_&_Partners>	Pei Cobb Freed & Partners is an American architectural firm based in New York City, founded in 1955 by I. M. Pei and other associates. The firm has received numerous awards for its work.The firm provides architectural services, as well as planning and urban design.The firm has changed names twice:
<Alphabet_Inc.>	Alphabet Inc. is an American multinational technology conglomerate holding company headquartered in Mountain View, California. It was created through a restructuring of Google on October 2, 2015, and became the parent company of Google and several former Google subsidiaries. Alphabet is the world's third-largest technology company by revenue and one of the world's most valuable companies. It is one of the Big Five American information technology companies, alongside Amazon, Apple, Meta and Microsoft.The establishment of Alphabet Inc. was prompted by a desire to make the core Google business "cleaner and more accountable" while allowing greater autonomy to group companies that operate in businesses other than Internet services. Founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin announced their resignation from their executive posts in December 2019, with the CEO role to be filled by Sundar Pichai, also the CEO of Google. Page and Brin remain employees, board members, and controlling shareholders of Alphabet Inc.
<Husky_Stadium>	Former capacity:Husky Stadium (officially Alaska Airlines Field at Husky Stadium for sponsorship purposes) is an outdoor football stadium in the northwest United States, located on the campus of the University of Washington in Seattle, Washington. It has been home to the Washington Huskies of the Pac-12 Conference since 1920, hosting their football games.
<Kingston,_Jamaica>	Kingston is the capital and largest city of Jamaica, located on the southeastern coast of the island. It faces a natural harbour protected by the Palisadoes, a long sand spit which connects the town of Port Royal and the Norman Manley International Airport to the rest of the island. In the Americas, Kingston is the largest predominantly English-speaking city in the Caribbean.The local government bodies of the parishes of Kingston and Saint Andrew were amalgamated by the Kingston and St. Andrew Corporation Act of 1923, to form the Kingston and St. Andrew Corporation (KSAC). Greater Kingston, or the "Corporate Area" refers to those areas under the KSAC; however, it does not solely refer to Kingston Parish, which only consists of the old downtown and Port Royal. Kingston Parish had a population of 89,057, and St. Andrew Parish had a population of 573,369 in 2011 Kingston is only bordered by Saint Andrew to the east, west and north. The geographical border for the parish of Kingston encompasses the following communities: Tivoli Gardens, Denham Town, Rae Town, Kingston Gardens, National Heroes Park, Bournemouth Gardens, Norman Gardens, Rennock Lodge, Springfield and Port Royal, along with portions of Rollington Town, Franklyn Town, and Allman Town.
<Ian_Gomez>	Ian Braque Gomez (born December 27, 1964) is an American actor known for his comedic TV work, which include series-regular roles as Javier on Felicity and Andy on Cougar Town.He was born in New York City, New York, to an artist father and a dancer mother.
<The_Mote_in_God's_Eye>	The Mote in God's Eye is a science fiction novel by American writers Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle, first published in 1974. The story is set in the distant future of Pournelle's CoDominium universe, and charts the first contact between humanity and an alien species. The title of the novel is a reference to the Biblical "The Mote and the Beam" parable and is the nickname of a star. The Mote in God's Eye was nominated for the Hugo, Nebula and Locus Awards in 1975.The Mote in God's Eye (originally titled Motelight) is set in Pournelle's CoDominium universe, where a union of the United States and the Soviet Union produced a world government and a number of colonies in other star systems, followed by nuclear war on Earth and the rise of the First Empire based on the planet Sparta several centuries before the events of the novel. There is a reference to these events in Pournelle's novel King David's Spaceship.Many, but not all, humans are part of the Second Empire, held together by an interstellar navy modeled on 19th century British lines, with all-male crews, a highly competent officer corps grown from midshipmen recruited in their teens and trained on the job, and well-armed and -organized Marines to carry out ground missions. Those who prove themselves worthy can be promoted into the aristocracy. The aristocrats themselves tend more towards duty than privilege. The Empire is predominantly Christian, but other religions are more or less tolerated. The people of the planet Dayan are Jewish, while Horace Bury is a Muslim business magnate from Levant. An upstart religion, the "Church of Him", which was founded when the Mote became intensely bright and was regarded as part of the Face of God, is shown in decline, its founder having committed suicide when the light from the Mote went out.
<Richard_Carmona>	Richard Henry Carmona (born November 22, 1949)  is an American physician, nurse, police officer, public health administrator, and politician. He was a vice admiral in the Public Health Service Commissioned Corps and served as the seventeenth Surgeon General of the United States. Appointed by President George W. Bush in 2002, Carmona left office at the end of July 2006 upon the expiration of his term. After leaving office, Carmona was highly critical of the Bush administration for suppressing scientific findings which conflicted with the administration's ideological agenda.In August 2006, Carmona returned home to Tucson, Arizona. In November 2011, he announced he would seek the Democratic Party's nomination for United States Senate in the hopes of succeeding outgoing Republican Senator Jon Kyl, despite being registered as a political Independent. He narrowly lost to Republican challenger Congressman Jeff Flake.Carmona was born in New York City, of Puerto Rican descent, and raised in Harlem. After dropping out of DeWitt Clinton High School at age 16, he enlisted in the U.S. Army in 1967. While enlisted, he received his General Educational Development (GED), joined the United States Army Special Forces, became a combat-decorated Vietnam veteran, and began his career in medicine as a Special Forces Medic.
<Bruno_Latour>	Bruno Latour (French: [latuʁ]; 22 June 1947 – 9 October 2022) was a French philosopher, anthropologist and sociologist. He was especially known for his work in the field of science and technology studies (STS). After teaching at the École des Mines de Paris (Centre de Sociologie de l'Innovation) from 1982 to 2006, he became professor at Sciences Po Paris (2006–2017), where he was the scientific director of the Sciences Po Medialab. He retired from several university activities in 2017. He was also a Centennial Professor at the London School of Economics.Latour is best known for his books We Have Never Been Modern (1991; English translation, 1993), Laboratory Life (with Steve Woolgar, 1979) and Science in Action (1987). Although his studies of scientific practice were at one time associated with social constructionist approaches to the philosophy of science, Latour diverged significantly from such approaches. He was best known for withdrawing from the subjective/objective division and re-developing the approach to work in practice. Latour said in 2017 that he is interested in helping to rebuild trust in science and that some of the authority of science needs to be regained.Along with Michel Callon, Madeleine Akrich, and John Law, Latour is one of the primary developers of actor–network theory (ANT), a constructionist approach influenced by the ethnomethodology of Harold Garfinkel, the generative semiotics of Algirdas Julien Greimas, and (more recently) the sociology of Émile Durkheim's rival Gabriel Tarde[dubious  – discuss].
<Gordon_Cooper>	Leroy Gordon "Gordo" Cooper Jr. (March 6, 1927 – October 4, 2004) was an American aerospace engineer, test pilot, United States Air Force pilot, and the youngest of the seven original astronauts in Project Mercury, the first human space program of the United States. Cooper learned to fly as a child, and after service in the United States Marine Corps during World War II, he was commissioned into the United States Air Force in 1949. After service as a fighter pilot, he qualified as a test pilot in 1956, and was selected as an astronaut in 1959.In 1963 Cooper piloted the longest and last Mercury spaceflight, Mercury-Atlas 9. During that 34-hour mission he became the first American to spend an entire day in space, the first to sleep in space, and the last American launched on an entirely solo orbital mission. Despite a series of severe equipment failures, he managed to successfully complete the mission under manual control, guiding his spacecraft, which he named Faith 7, to a splashdown just 4 miles (6.4 km) ahead of the recovery ship. Cooper became the first astronaut to make a second orbital flight when he flew as Command Pilot of Gemini 5 in 1965. Along with Pilot Pete Conrad, he set a new space endurance record by traveling 3,312,993 miles (5,331,745 km) in 190 hours and 56 minutes—just short of eight days—showing that astronauts could survive in space for the length of time necessary to go from the Earth to the Moon and back.
<University_of_Amsterdam>	The University of Amsterdam (abbreviated as UvA, Dutch: Universiteit van Amsterdam) is a public research university located in Amsterdam, Netherlands. The UvA is one of two large, publicly funded research universities in the city, the other being the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam (VU). Established in 1632 by municipal authorities and later renamed for the city of Amsterdam, the University of Amsterdam is the third-oldest university in the Netherlands. It is one of the largest research universities in Europe with 31,186 students, 4,794 staff, 1,340 PhD students and an annual budget of €600 million. It is the largest university in the Netherlands by enrollment. The main campus is located in central Amsterdam, with a few faculties located in adjacent boroughs. The university is organised into seven faculties: Humanities, Social and Behavioural Sciences, Economics and Business, Science, Law, Medicine, Dentistry.The University of Amsterdam has produced six Nobel Laureates and five prime ministers of the Netherlands. The university has been placed in the top 100 universities in the world by five prominent ranking tables. By the QS World University Rankings it was ranked 55th in the world, 14th in Europe, and 1st in the Netherlands in 2022. The UvA was placed in the top 50 worldwide in seven fields in the 2011 QS World University Rankings in the fields of linguistics, sociology, philosophy, geography, science, Economics and econometrics, and accountancy and finance.In 2018 and 2019 the two departments of Media and Communication were commonly ranked 1st in the world by subject by QS Ranking.
<Toshihide_Maskawa>	Toshihide Maskawa (or Masukawa) (益川 敏英, Masukawa Toshihide, 7 February 1940 – 23 July 2021) was a Japanese theoretical physicist known for his work on CP-violation who was awarded one quarter of the 2008 Nobel Prize in Physics "for the discovery of the origin of the broken symmetry which predicts the existence of at least three families of quarks in nature."Maskawa was born in Nagoya, Japan. After World War II ended, the Maskawa family operated as a sugar wholesaler. A native of Aichi Prefecture, Toshihide Maskawa graduated from Nagoya University in 1962 and received a Ph.D. degree in particle physics from the same university in 1967. His doctoral advisor was the physicist Shoichi Sakata.
<Berwick_Prize>	The Berwick Prize and Senior Berwick Prize are two prizes of the London Mathematical Society awarded in alternating years in memory of William Edward Hodgson Berwick, a previous Vice-President of the LMS. Berwick left some money to be given to the society to establish two prizes. His widow Daisy May Berwick gave the society the money and the society established the prizes, with the first Senior Berwick Prize being presented in 1946 and the first Junior Berwick Prize the following year. The prizes are awarded "in recognition of an outstanding piece of mathematical research ... published by the Society" in the eight years before the year of the award.The Berwick Prize was known as the Junior Berwick Prize up to 1999, and was given its current name for the 2001 award.Source:
<Ethel_Merman>	Ethel Merman (born Ethel Agnes Zimmermann, January 16, 1908 – February 15, 1984) was an American actress and singer, known for her distinctive, powerful voice, and for leading roles in musical theatre. She has been called "the undisputed First Lady of the musical comedy stage". Over her distinguished career in theater she became known for her performances in shows such as Anything Goes, Annie Get Your Gun, Gypsy, and Hello, Dolly!She is also known for her film roles in Anything Goes (1936), Call Me Madam (1953), There's No Business Like Show Business (1954), and It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World (1963). Among many accolades, she received the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical for her performance in Call Me Madam, a Grammy Award for Gypsy and Drama Desk Award for Hello, Dolly!
<Cristovam_Buarque>	Cristovam Ricardo Cavalcanti Buarque (Portuguese pronunciation: [kɾisˈtɔvɐ̃w̃ buˈaʁki, kɾiʃˈtɔvɐ̃w ˈbwaʁki]; born February 20, 1944) is a Brazilian university professor and member of Cidadania. He was a senator for the Federal District from 2003 to 2019.Buarque graduated in mechanical engineering from the Federal University of Pernambuco in 1966. At that time he engaged in student politics becoming a militant of the Ação Popular, a group of the Leftist Progressive Church. After the 1964 coup, he was persecuted and exiled to France, where he earned a PhD in economics from the Pantheon-Sorbonne University, Paris, in 1973. He worked at Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) in Ecuador, Honduras, and the United States from 1973–79. He was the first elected rector, by direct vote, of the University of Brasilia in the wake of the military regime; governor of the Federal District; Minister of Education; and current senator, who was elected by a landslide vote. He worked as a consultant for several national and international bodies under the United Nations (UN) and presided over the University for Peace Council and participated in the Food Presidential Commission, which was formerly directed by late sociologist Herbert "Betinho" de Souza.Buarque is a member of UNESCO's Institute of Education and of the Council of the United Nations University. He initiated the NGO Mission Child, which sponsors an income transfer program for thousands of families and is funded by private enterprises.[citation needed] He was awarded the Jabuti prize of Literature in 1995. He is a staunch defender of the "revolution… through education", a line of thought touted by Brazilian intellectuals like Anísio Teixeira, Darcy Ribeiro, and Paulo Freire.[citation needed]
<David_Mamet>	David Alan Mamet (/ˈmæmɪt/; born November 30, 1947) is an American playwright, filmmaker, and author. He won a Pulitzer Prize and received Tony nominations for his plays Glengarry Glen Ross (1984) and Speed-the-Plow (1988). He first gained critical acclaim for a trio of off-Broadway 1970s plays: The Duck Variations, Sexual Perversity in Chicago, and American Buffalo. His plays Race and The Penitent, respectively, opened on Broadway in 2009 and previewed off-Broadway in 2017.Feature films that Mamet both wrote and directed include House of Games (1987), Homicide (1991), The Spanish Prisoner (1997), and his biggest commercial success, Heist (2001). His screenwriting credits include The Postman Always Rings Twice (1981), The Verdict (1982), The Untouchables (1987), Hoffa (1992), Wag the Dog (1997), and Hannibal (2001). Mamet himself wrote the screenplay for the 1992 adaptation of Glengarry Glen Ross, and wrote and directed the 1994 adaptation of his play Oleanna (1992). He was the executive producer and a frequent writer for the TV show The Unit (2006–2009).
<Henry_Bryant_Bigelow>	Henry Bryant Bigelow (October 3, 1879 – December 11, 1967) was an American oceanographer and marine biologist.He is the grandson of Henry Bryant  who was an American physician and naturalist.After graduating from Harvard in 1901, he began working with famed ichthyologist Alexander Agassiz. Bigelow accompanied Agassiz on several major marine science expeditions including one aboard the Albatross in 1907. He began working at the Museum of Comparative Zoology in 1905 and joined Harvard's faculty in 1906 where he worked for 62 years.
<George_Ganchev>	George Ganchev's Bloc (2001)Bulgarian Business Bloc (1990–2001)
<Investitionsbank_Trentino_Südtirol_–_Mediocredito_Trentino_Alto_Adige>	Mediocredito Trentino – Alto Adige (German: Investitionsbank Trentino Südtirol) is an Italian investment bank based in Trento, Trentino. The bank served historically the autonomous provinces of Trentino and South Tyrol, but now extended to Lombardy (Brescia), Veneto (Treviso and Padua) and Emilia-Romagna (Bologna).Istituto per l'Esercizio del Credito a Medio e Lungo Termine nella Regione Trentino – Alto Adige (Mediocredito Trentino – Alto Adige in short) was found in 1953 as a statutory corporation. At that time banks were separated from providing short-term loan and medium and loan term loan, which several Mediocredito was set up to enhance the post war recovery. The Ministry of the Treasury provided 800 million lire (54%) and Trentino – South Tyrol Region 450 million lire (36%). Due to Legge Amato the bank became a Società per Azioni (limited company), with a share capital of 66.240 billion lire. It was later increased to 112,470,400,000 lire, or €58,484,608.
<RAF_Worthy_Down>	RAF Worthy Down was a Royal Air Force station built in 1918, 3.5 miles (6 km) north of Winchester, Hampshire, England. After it was transferred to Royal Navy control in 1939 as RNAS Worthy Down (HMS Kestrel), the airfield remained in use throughout the Second World War and then housed an engineering school from 1952. The airfield was in use until 1960. The site is now Worthy Down Camp.The site was first used as a military establishment when the War Office acquired the site for a Wireless and Observers School in 1917 before changing to the school of Army Co-operation in 1918 on the site of the Winchester Racecourse. In 1918 an airfield was built for the Royal Flying Corps (RFC), but before it was completed the RFC was amalgamated with the Royal Naval Air Service to form the Royal Air Force. Nonetheless, the RFC do seem to have operated there to some degree prior to amalgamation, as Lieutenant Harold Percy Dawson, RFC, was killed in an air accident stated to be at Worthy Down on 9 March 1918.
<Abdisalam_Ibrahim>	Abdisalam Abdulkadir Ibrahim (born 1 May 1991) is a Norwegian-Somali footballer who plays as a midfielder for  Ullensaker/Kisa in the OBOS-ligaen.Born in Somalia, Ibrahim moved to Norway in 1998. He began his football career as a youth in Norway with Øyer-Tretten before eventually moving to Lørenskog, where he played for Fjellhamar. He got his debut for Fjellhamar's senior team in 2006.
<Scenicland_FM>	Scenicland FM was a New Zealand radio station broadcasting on the West Coast of the South Island.The station was started by the New Zealand Broadcasting Corporation (which later became Radio New Zealand) in 1968 as Radio Scenicland. Radio Scenicland originally transmitted on three AM frequencies from Radio House on Mackay Street, Greymouth. This building was demolished in late 2022 due to structural concerns following the Canterbury earthquakes in 2010 and 2011, and NZME's premises were relocated to Tainui Street.
<Michael_Houghton_(virologist)>	Sir Michael Houghton (born 1949) is a British scientist and Nobel Prize laureate. Along with Qui-Lim Choo, George Kuo and Daniel W. Bradley, he co-discovered Hepatitis C in 1989. He also co-discovered the Hepatitis D genome in 1986. The discovery of the Hepatitis C virus (HCV) led to the rapid development of diagnostic reagents to detect HCV in blood supplies, which has reduced the risk of acquiring HCV through blood transfusion from one in three to about one in two million. It is estimated that antibody testing has prevented at least 40,000 new infections per year in the US alone and many more worldwide.Houghton is currently Canada Excellence Research Chair in Virology and Li Ka Shing Professor of Virology at the University of Alberta, where he is also director of the Li Ka Shing Applied Virology Institute. He is the co-recipient of the 2020 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine along with Harvey J. Alter and Charles M. Rice.
<Barnet_F.C.>	Barnet Football Club /ˈbɑːrnɪt/ is a professional football club based in Edgware, North London. The team compete in the National League, the fifth tier of the English football league system. The club was founded in Chipping Barnet, then part of Hertfordshire, in 1888. They played their home matches at Underhill Stadium from 1907 until 2013, when they moved to the new Hive Stadium in Edgware, which is named based on the club's nickname of "the Bees". The women's team, the London Bees, compete in the FA Women's National League.Barnet became founder members of the North London League in 1892 and had success at a local level before ceasing to exist in 1902. Two other clubs, Barnet Avenue and Alston Works, merged and entered the Athenian League as Barnet and Alston in 1912, becoming simply Barnet F.C. seven years later. Barnet spent 53 years in the Athenian League, winning seven league titles and one FA Amateur Cup title, before turning semi-professional as they entered the Southern League in 1965. Crowned Division One champions in 1965–66, they went on to win the Southern League Cup in 1972 and the Division One South title in 1976–77. Barnet became founder members of the Alliance Premier League in 1979 and initially struggled, though finished as runners-up after the league was renamed the Conference in 1986–87.
<Konstantin_Balmont>	Konstantin Dmitriyevich Balmont (Russian: Константи́н Дми́триевич Бальмо́нт, IPA: [kənstɐnʲˈtʲin ˈdmʲitrʲɪjɪvʲɪdʑ bɐlʲˈmont] (listen); 15 June [O.S. 3 June] 1867 – 23 December 1942) was a Russian  symbolist poet and translator who became one of the major figures of the Silver Age of Russian Poetry.Balmont's early education came from his mother, who knew several foreign languages, was enthusiastic about literature and theater, and exerted a strong influence on her son. He then attended two  gymnasiums, was expelled from the first for political activities, and graduated from the second. He started studying law at the Imperial Moscow University in 1886, but was quickly expelled (1887) for taking part in student unrest. He tried again at the  Demidov Law College from 1889, but dropped out in 1890.In February 1889 he married Larisa Mikhailovna Garelina; unhappy in marriage, on 13 March 1890 Balmont attempted suicide by jumping from a third-storey window - he walked with a limp and had an injured writing-hand for the rest of his life. He became involved in two other common-law marriages and attempted suicide a second time in 1909.
<Chronicle_in_Stone>	Chronicle in Stone (Albanian: Kronikë në gur) is a novel by Albanian author Ismail Kadare. First published in Albanian in 1971, and 16 years later in English translation, it describes life in a small Albanian city during World War II.Each chapter is followed by an alternate chapter, a short "Fragment of a Chronicle" written by the town's official chronicler. The regular chapters are written in the first person, in the voice of a child, an alter ego of the young Kadare. He is fascinated with words, and reads Macbeth, as Kadare himself did when he was eleven. He applies human drama, imagining blood and crime everywhere. In Kadare's home town, ravaged by history, we see characters walking down the street with severed heads under their arms; the Italian fascists hang several young Albanian rebels, the Greek occupants kill "enemies" chosen according to the whims of their spies, and the Germans indulge in the killing of hundred-year-old women.
<Tigar_Tyres>	Tigar Tyres (full legal name in Serbian Latinic: Preduzeće za proizvodnju guma Tigar Tyres d.o.o. Pirot) is a Serbian tyre manufacturing company based in Pirot, eastern Serbia. Since 2007, it is owned by the world's largest tyre manufacturer Michelin.Tigar Tyres was founded in 1935 in Pirot as a workshop for the manufacture of rubber products and all kinds of footwear. It was longtime part of joint venture company Tigar a.d. from Pirot. After the second world war, the company was nationalized by new Communist authorities.
<Bob_Tizard>	Robert James Tizard CNZM (7 June 1924 – 28 January 2016) was a Labour politician from New Zealand. He served as the sixth deputy prime minister, the minister of Finance, minister of Health and minister of Defence.Born in Auckland on 7 June 1924, Tizard was the son of Jessie May Tizard (née Phillips) and Henry James Tizard. He was educated at Meadowbank School and Auckland Grammar School, and earned a university scholarship in 1940. He was the dux of the school in 1941. In March 1943 he joined the Royal New Zealand Air Force. A navigator, he was commissioned as a pilot officer in February 1945, and promoted to flying officer in August 1945.
<John_Newlands_(Australian_politician)>	Sir John Newlands KCMG, CBE (4 August 1864 – 20 May 1932), also known as John Newland, was a Scottish-born Australian politician.Born in Cawdor, Nairnshire, Newlands was the son of Andrew Newlands, agricultural labourer, and his wife Ann, née Stunar. Newlands was educated in Croy, Scotland before migrating to New South Wales, Australia in 1883. He married Theresa Glassey on 27 February 1884 in Adelaide, and that year began to use Newland as his surname. He became a railway worker, also in 1884, initially as a lamp cleaner and porter. While a conductor on the Broken Hill express, he and a fellow-conductor developed a gambling system that so impressed a group of mining magnates that they bankrolled a trip for the two to Monte Carlo. Fortune eluded them however, and they returned to Adelaide with a new respect for mathematics.He was elected chairman of the District Council of Terowie, when after 13 years he was obliged to resign from the railways. He helped found in 1908 the Railway Officers' Association, a trade union of which he was appointed general secretary, a position he held until his resignation in 1913.
<SC_Heerenveen>	Sportclub Heerenveen (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈspɔrtklʏp ˌɦeːrə(ɱ)ˈveːn]; West Frisian: Sportklub It Hearrenfean) is a Dutch football club from Heerenveen. They currently play in the Eredivisie, the top level of football in the Netherlands.Sportclub Heerenveen was founded on 20 July 1920 in the town of Heerenveen, Friesland, as Athleta. It changed name twice, first to Spartaan and then to v.v. Heerenveen in 1922. While the Netherlands was occupied by Germany, Heerenveen won three successive North of the Netherlands championships, and following the end of World War II it went on to win the same title six times in a row; the club's dominance partly ascribed to the presence of Abe Lenstra. During this period, Lenstra led Heerenveen to a famous victory over Ajax in one of the most noted games in Dutch domestic football history. Trailing 5–1 with 25 minutes remaining, the Frisian team inexplicably fought back for a 6–5 victory.
<Sunway_Group>	Sunway Berhad (Chinese: 双威集团) (MYX: 5211) or Sunway Group is a Malaysian conglomerate company. It was formed following a merger between Sunway City Berhad (SunCity) and Sunway Holdings Berhad on 23 August 2011.Sunway Holdings Incorporated Berhad commenced operations in 1986, mainly to develop the Bandar Sunway township in Petaling Jaya. It was listed on Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad on 16 February 1984. Sunway City Berhad on the other hand, was incorporated in 1982 and engages in the investment and development of residential, commercial, retail, leisure, and healthcare properties primarily in Asia and Australia.Following the success of the Sunway City township, the Group diversified into property investment, leisure and entertainment, hospitality and healthcare. Today Sunway maintains property development and construction as its two core businesses and key contributors to profitability.
<John_Paxton>	John Paxton (May 21, 1911, Kansas City, Missouri – January 5, 1985, Santa Monica, California) was an American screenwriter.Some of his films include Murder, My Sweet in 1944, Cornered in 1945, Crossfire in 1947 (an adaptation of the controversial novel The Brick Foxhole that earned him his only Oscar nomination). He helped adapt the screenplay for the controversial film The Wild One in 1953, starring Marlon Brando.Paxton's work twice received the Mystery Writers of America's Edgar Award for Best Motion Picture Screenplay, for Murder, My Sweet and Crossfire.
<Tucker_Reed>	Aisling Tucker Moore-Reed (born October 15, 1989), known by her pen name Tucker Reed, is an American novelist and disgraced civil rights activist who has been found liable for defamation and who was convicted of manslaughter in May 2020. Reed co-authored the young adult novel Amber House published in October 2012 and its sequel Neverwas, released internationally in January 2014.Reed’s allegations of being raped resulted in her liability for defamation. In May 2020, she was convicted of manslaughter for killing her uncle after shooting him in July 2016. She was sentenced to six years and three months in prison.
<Carolyn_Sherif>	Carolyn Wood Sherif (1922–1982) was an American social psychologist who helped to develop social judgment theory and contributed pioneering research in the areas of the self-system, group conflict, cooperation, and gender identity. She also assumed a leading role in psychology both nationally as well as internationally. In addition to performing seminal social psychology research, Wood Sherif devoted herself to teaching her students and was recognized for her efforts with an American Psychological Association award named in her honor that is presented annually.She was born Carolyn Wood on 26 June 1922, the youngest of three children of Bonny Williams and Lawrence Anselm Wood, in Loogootee, Indiana. In 1945, she married a fellow psychologist, Muzafer Sherif, with whom she had three children: Sue, Joan, and Ann Sherif.In July 1982, Carolyn Wood Sherif died of cancer at age 60 in State College, Pennsylvania.
<J._C._Chandor>	Jeffrey McDonald Chandor (born November 24, 1973), better known as J. C. Chandor (/ˈʃændɔːr/), is an American filmmaker, best known for writing and directing the films Margin Call (2011), All Is Lost (2013), A Most Violent Year (2014), Triple Frontier (2019) and Kraven the Hunter (2023).Chandor grew up in the Basking Ridge section of Bernards Township, New Jersey. He is the son of Mary (McDonald) and Jeff Chandor, an investment banker. After graduating in 1992 from Ridge High School in Bernards Township, he received his bachelor's degree in 1996 from The College of Wooster. During the 15 years leading up to Margin Call, Chandor directed commercials.Margin Call was Chandor's first feature-length film. The film premiered at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival in Park City, Utah; it also played In Competition at the 61st Berlin International Film Festival and was nominated for the Golden Bear. Margin Call was nominated for four Independent Spirit Awards and won two of them: for Best First Feature and the Robert Altman Award for Best Cast. Chandor was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay.
<Hélder_Barbosa>	Hélder Jorge Leal Rodrigues Barbosa (born 25 May 1987) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a left winger.He amassed Primeira Liga totals of 148 matches and 19 goals, mainly for Braga (three seasons) and Académica (two). He also played for teams in Spain, Greece, the United Arab Emirates and Turkey.
<MacKenzie_Bezos>	MacKenzie Scott (née Tuttle, formerly Bezos; April 7, 1970) is an American novelist and philanthropist. As of September 2022, she has a net worth of US$33.4 billion, owing to a 4% stake in Amazon, the company founded by her ex-husband Jeff Bezos. As such, Scott is the third-wealthiest woman in the United States and the 35th-wealthiest individual in the world. Scott was named one of the world's most powerful women by Forbes in 2021, and one of Time's 100 Most Influential People of 2020.In 2006, Scott won an American Book Award for her 2005 debut novel, The Testing of Luther Albright. Her second novel, Traps, was published in 2013. She has been executive director of Bystander Revolution, an anti-bullying organization, since she founded it in 2014. Committed to give at least half of her wealth to charity, as a signatory to the Giving Pledge, Scott made US$5.8 billion in charitable gifts in 2020, one of the largest annual distributions by a private individual to working charities. She donated a further $2.7 billion in 2021.
<Alana_Stewart>	Alana Hamilton Stewart (/əˈlɑːnə/; born May 18, 1945) is an American actress and former model. She has also used her maiden name, Alana Collins, and her names from her first marriage, Alana Collins-Hamilton and Alana Hamilton, professionally.Born Alana Kaye Collins in San Diego, she grew up in Nacogdoches, Texas, and Houston, before heading to New York to become a model. She claimed to have grown up in poverty. Collins signed with Ford Models and traveled to Los Angeles for many television and commercial appearances.In the early 1970s, she began an acting career. Her first role was a bit part in the biographical film Evel Knievel which starred her then-husband, George Hamilton. She later appeared in small roles in television shows such as The Bionic Woman and Fantasy Island.
<Matt_Mills>	Matthew Claude Mills (born 14 July 1986) is an English retired professional footballer who played as a defender.Born in Swindon, Mills started his youth career with the academy of Swindon Town before switching to the Southampton Academy in 1999. He turned professional in 2002 and had loan stints with Coventry City and AFC Bournemouth during his time with Southampton. In 2006, Mills signed with Manchester City. However, his playing time was limited due to injuries.
<Raja_Ramanna>	Raja Ramanna (28 January 1925 – 24 September 2004) was an Indian physicist who is best known for his role in India's nuclear program during its early stages. Having joined the nuclear program in 1964, Ramanna worked under Homi Jehangir Bhabha, and later became the director of this program in 1967. Ramanna expanded and supervised scientific research on nuclear weapons and was the first directing officer of the small team of scientists that supervised and carried out the test of the nuclear device, under the codename Smiling Buddha, in 1974.
<Márkó_Futács>	Márkó Futács (pronounced [ˈmaːrkoː ˈfutaːt͡ʃ]; born 22 February 1990) is a Hungarian professional footballer who plays as a forward for MTK.Futács started his youth career at III. Kerületi TUE from Óbuda in his hometown Budapest. He soon transferred to second-tier club Ferencváros.
<Oak_Park,_Illinois>	Oak Park is a village in Cook County, Illinois, adjacent to Chicago. It is the 29th-most populous municipality in Illinois with a population of 54,583 as of the 2020 U.S. Census estimate. Oak Park was first settled in 1835 and later incorporated in 1902, when it separated from Cicero. Architect Frank Lloyd Wright and his wife settled in Oak Park in 1889, and his work heavily influenced local architecture and design, including the Frank Lloyd Wright Home and Studio. Over the years, rapid development was spurred by railroads and street cars connecting the village to jobs in nearby Chicago. In 1968, Oak Park passed the Open Housing Ordinance, which helped devise strategies to integrate the village rather than resegregate.Today, Oak Park remains ethnically diverse, and is known for its socially liberal politics, with 80% or higher voter turnout in every presidential election since 2000. Oak Park is closely connected to Chicago with Chicago Transit Authority access via the Green Line and Blue Line "L" train lines, as well as the Metra Oak Park station downtown.In 1835, Joseph and Betty Kettlestrings, immigrants from Yorkshire, England, staked out a farm and built a house near Lake Street and Harlem Avenue, west of Chicago. Once their children were born, they moved to Chicago for the schools in 1843, and moved back again in 1855 to build a more substantial home a bit east on their quarter section of land. More farmers and settlers had entered the area. Their land was called by several names locally, including Oak Ridge, Harlem, and Kettlestrings Grove. When the first post office was set up, it could not use the name Oak Ridge, as another post office was using that name in Illinois, so the post office chose Oak Park, and that name became the name for the settlement as it grew, and for the town when it incorporated in 1902.
<Ukrainian_Railways>	Ukrainian Railways (Ukrainian: Укрзалізниця, romanized: Ukrzaliznytsia, abbreviated as UZ) is a state-owned joint-stock company of rail transport in Ukraine, a monopoly that controls the vast majority of the railroad transportation in the country. It possesses a combined total track length of over 23,000 km, making it the 13th largest in the world. Ukrainian Railways is also the world's 6th largest rail passenger transporter and world's 7th largest freight transporter.In 2015, Ukrainian Railways transformed through a merger of a state agency and a state-owned enterprise into a public joint stock company owned by state. Ukraine's State Administration of Railroad Transportation is subordinated to the Ministry of Infrastructure, administering the railways through the six territorial railway companies that immediately control and provide of all aspects of the railroad transportation and maintenance under the common Ukrzaliznytsia brand. The general director of the administration is appointed by the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine. The gauge is 1,520 mm (4 ft 11+27⁄32 in). The administration employs more than 403,000 people throughout the country.
<Bay_City_Radio>	Bay City Radio was a radio station in Napier, New Zealand.The station was started by Radio New Zealand (which at the time was known as the National Broadcasting Service) on 1 October 1957 using the call-sign 2ZC and broadcasting on 1280 kHz AM. On air the station was branded as its callsign 2ZC with the slogan Twin-City Radio as the station served both Napier and Hastings.
<University_of_Wollongong>	The University of Wollongong (abbreviated as UOW) is an Australian public research university located in the coastal city of Wollongong, New South Wales, approximately 80 kilometres south of Sydney. As of 2017, the university had an enrolment of more than 32,000 students (including over 12,800 international students from 134 countries), an alumni base of more than 131,859 and over 2,400 staff members.In 1951, a division of the New South Wales University of Technology (known as the University of New South Wales from 1958) was established in Wollongong for the conduct of diploma courses. In 1961, the Wollongong University College of the University of New South Wales was constituted and the college was officially opened in 1962. In 1975 the University of Wollongong was established as an independent institution. Since its establishment, the university has conferred more than 120,000 degrees, diplomas and certificates. Its students, originally predominantly from the local Illawarra region, are now from over 140 countries, with international students accounting for more than 30 percent of total.
<Niklaus_Wirth>	Niklaus Emil Wirth (born 15 February 1934) is a Swiss computer scientist. He has designed several programming languages, including Pascal, and pioneered several classic topics in software engineering. In 1984, he won the Turing Award, generally recognized as the highest distinction in computer science, for developing a sequence of innovative computer languages.Wirth was born in Winterthur, Switzerland, in 1934. In 1959, he earned a Bachelor of Science (B.S.) degree in electronic engineering from the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zürich (ETH Zürich). In 1960, he earned a Master of Science (MSc) from Université Laval, Canada. Then in 1963, he was awarded a PhD in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science (EECS) from the University of California, Berkeley, supervised by the computer design pioneer Harry Huskey.
<Tirana>	Tirana (/tɪˈrɑːnə/ (listen) tih-RAH-nə, Albanian pronunciation: [tiˈɾana]; Gheg Albanian: Tirona) is the capital and largest city of Albania. It is located in the centre of the country, enclosed by mountains and hills with Dajti rising to the east and a slight valley to the northwest overlooking the Adriatic Sea in the distance. Due to its location at the Plain of Tirana and the close proximity to the Mediterranean Sea, the city is particularly influenced by a Mediterranean seasonal climate. It is among the wettest and sunniest cities in Europe, with 2,544 hours of sun per year.Tirana was founded as a city in 1614 by the Ottoman Albanian general Sylejman Pasha Bargjini and flourished by then around the Old Mosque and the türbe. The area that today corresponds to the city's territory has been continuously inhabited since the Iron Age. It was inhabited by Illyrians, and was most likely the core of the Illyrian Kingdom of the Taulantii, which in Classical Antiquity was centred in the hinterland of Epidamnus. Following the Illyrian Wars it was annexed by Rome and became an integral part of the Roman Empire. The heritage of that period is still evident and represented by the Mosaics of Tirana. Later, in the 5th and 6th centuries, an Early Christian basilica was built around this site.
<François_Englert>	François, Baron Englert (French: [ɑ̃ɡlɛʁ]; born 6 November 1932) is a Belgian theoretical physicist and 2013 Nobel prize laureate.Englert is professor emeritus at the Université libre de Bruxelles (ULB), where he is a member of the Service de Physique Théorique. He is also a Sackler Professor by Special Appointment in the School of Physics and Astronomy at Tel Aviv University and a member of the Institute for Quantum Studies at Chapman University in California. He was awarded the 2010 J. J. Sakurai Prize for Theoretical Particle Physics (with Gerry Guralnik, C. R. Hagen, Tom Kibble, Peter Higgs, and Robert Brout), the Wolf Prize in Physics in 2004 (with Brout and Higgs) and the High Energy and Particle Prize of the European Physical Society (with Brout and Higgs) in 1997 for the mechanism which unifies short and long range interactions by generating massive gauge vector bosons.
<Nano_(Spanish_footballer,_born_1982)>	Fernando Macedo da Silva Rodilla (born 20 April 1982), known as Nano, is a Spanish former professional footballer who played mainly as a left winger.He started out at Barcelona but, after only six competitive appearances with the first team, he went on to resume his career in both Segunda División and Segunda División B. In La Liga, he also represented Atlético Madrid, Getafe and Osasuna, amassing totals of 69 games and eight goals.Nano was born in A Coruña, Galicia. At age 16, he seemed on the verge of a promising future as he was already playing with FC Barcelona's reserves, and the following year he made his first-team – and La Liga – debut, against Real Zaragoza; he would, however, not be able to progress any further in his five-year stint with the Catalans, only appearing in three more games with the main squad.
<David_Keilin>	David Keilin FRS (21 March 1887 – 27 February 1963) was a Jewish scientist focusing mainly on entomology.He was born in Moscow in 1887 and his family returned to Warsaw early in his youth. He did not attend school until age ten due to ill health and asthma. Only seven years later, in 1904, he enrolled in the University of Liège. He later studied at Magdalene College, Cambridge, and became a British citizen.
<Regine_Hildebrandt>	Regine Hildebrandt (née Radischewski; 26 April 1941 – 26 November 2001) was a German biologist and politician (Social Democratic Party of Germany).Regine Radischewski was born in Berlin during the war, the second of her parents' two recorded children. Her father was a pianist who worked as an accompanist at the National Ballet Academy.Her mother would later own a small tobacconist shop. When she was two the family were evacuated from central Berlin to countryside far to the east of Germany, and shortly after that they were bombed out, losing most of their material possessions.
<Ann_Little>	Ann Little (born Mary Hankins Brooks; February 7, 1891 – May 21, 1984), also known as Anna Little, was an American film actress whose career was most prolific during the silent film era of the early 1910s through the early 1920s. Today, most of her films are lost, with only 12 known to survive.Ann Little was born Mary Hankins Brooks on February 7, 1891, on a ranch in Mount Shasta, California. She was the only child of Mary Mariah "Mamie" Hankins Brooks, who was from Montana, and James Luther Brooks, who was from New York. In the 1900 census, she is listed as living in Chicago, Illinois, alongside her mother and father as roomers. She appears in the 1910 census as living in Mount Shasta again as a roomer with the Levy family, and her marital status is "married". Little first appeared in a traveling, stock-theater group after graduating from high school at age 16.
<Irving_Langmuir_Award>	The Irving Langmuir Prize in Chemical Physics is awarded annually, in even years by the American Chemical Society and in odd years by the American Physical Society. The award is meant to recognize and encourage outstanding interdisciplinary research in chemistry and physics, in the spirit of Irving Langmuir. A nominee must have made an outstanding contribution to chemical physics or physical chemistry within the 10 years preceding the year in which the award is made. The award will be granted without restriction, except that the recipient must be a resident of the United States.The award was established in 1931 by Dr. A.C. Langmuir, brother of Nobel Prize-winning chemist Irving Langmuir, to recognize the best young chemist in the United States. A $10,000 prize was to be awarded annually by the American Chemical Society. The first recipient was Linus Pauling. In 1964, the General Electric Foundation took over the financial backing of the prize, which was renamed the Irving Langmuir Award and the modern selection process was created. In 2006 the GE Global Research took over sponsorship of the award, and since 2009 the award has been co-sponsored between GE Global Research and the ACS Division of Physical Chemistry.Source: American Physical Society and American Chemical Society
<David_Packard>	David Packard (/ˈpækərd/ PAK-ərd; September 7, 1912 – March 26, 1996) was an American electrical engineer and co-founder, with Bill Hewlett, of Hewlett-Packard (1939), serving as president (1947–64), CEO (1964–68), and chairman of the board (1964–68, 1972–93) of HP.  He served as U.S. Deputy Secretary of Defense from 1969 to 1971 during the Nixon administration.  Packard served as president of the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences (USU) from 1976 to 1981 and chairman of its board of regents from 1973 to 1982.He was a  member of the Trilateral Commission.  Packard was the recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1988 and is noted for many technological innovations and philanthropic endeavors.Packard was born in Pueblo, Colorado, the son of Ella (Graber) and Sperry Sidney Packard, an attorney. He attended Centennial High School, where early on he showed an interest in science, engineering, sports, and leadership. Packard earned his B.A. from Stanford University in 1934, where he earned letters in football and basketball and attained membership in the Phi Beta Kappa Society and was a Brother of the Alpha Delta Phi Literary Fraternity. Stanford is where he met two people who were important to his life, Lucile Salter and Bill Hewlett. Packard briefly attended the University of Colorado at Boulder before taking a position with the General Electric Company in Schenectady, New York. In 1938, he returned to Stanford, where he earned a master's degree in electrical engineering later that year. In the same year, he married Lucile Salter, with whom he had four children: David, Nancy, Susan, and Julie. Lucile Packard died in 1987 (age 72).
<Lowell,_Massachusetts>	Lowell (/ˈloʊəl/) is a city in Massachusetts, in the United States. Alongside Cambridge, It is one of two traditional seats of Middlesex County. With an estimated population of 115,554 in 2020, it was the fifth most populous city in Massachusetts as of the last census, and the third most populous in the Boston metropolitan statistical area. The city also is part of a smaller Massachusetts statistical area, called Greater Lowell, and of New England's Merrimack Valley region.Incorporated in 1826 to serve as a mill town, Lowell was named after Francis Cabot Lowell, a local figure in the Industrial Revolution. The city became known as the cradle of the American Industrial Revolution because of its textile mills and factories. Many of Lowell's historic manufacturing sites were later preserved by the National Park Service to create Lowell National Historical Park. During the Cambodian genocide (1975–1979), the city took in an influx of refugees, leading to a Cambodia Town and America's second largest Cambodian-American population.
<National_Cancer_Institute>	The National Cancer Institute (NCI) coordinates the United States National Cancer Program and is part of the National Institutes of Health (NIH), which is one of eleven agencies that are part of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. The NCI conducts and supports research, training, health information dissemination, and other activities related to the causes, prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of cancer; the supportive care of cancer patients and their families; and cancer survivorship.NCI is the oldest and has the largest budget and research program of the 27 institutes and centers of the NIH ($6.9 billion in 2020). It fulfills the majority of its mission via an extramural program that provides grants for cancer research. Additionally, the National Cancer Institute has intramural research programs in Bethesda, Maryland, and at the Frederick National Laboratory for Cancer Research at Fort Detrick in Frederick, Maryland. The NCI receives more than US$5 billion in funding each year.The NCI supports a nationwide network of 71 NCI-designated Cancer Centers with a dedicated focus on cancer research and treatment and maintains the National Clinical Trials Network.
<Claus_Luthe>	Claus Luthe (December 8, 1932 – March 17, 2008) was a German car designer, noted for his design work on the NSU Ro 80, Volkswagen K70 and numerous seminal models from Audi and BMW. Luthe was a pioneer of aerodynamics and digital design within the automotive field.On his death in 2008, The Guardian called Luthe "one of the most important figures in postwar European car styling."'"Luthe was one of the first to embrace digital tools to improve and accelerate the process so that the designers could pass information directly to the engineers in digital form, he changed the methodology of designing into what everybody does today.” — Robert Cumberford
<SavaCentre>	SavaCentre was a chain of 13 hypermarkets and later a further seven discount supermarkets owned and operated jointly by Sainsbury's and BHS, beginning in 1977. Sainsbury's later took full control of the stores alone in 1989, rebranding them as Sainsbury's SavaCentre, until 2005 when the stores were integrated into the Sainsbury's supermarket brand. The hypermarket stores ranged in size from 66,000 sq ft (6,100 m2) to 117,000 sq ft (10,900 m2) and the discount supermarkets ranged in size from 31,000 sq ft (2,900 m2) to 70,000 sq ft (6,500 m2). At the time of its inception, it was the only dedicated hypermarket chain in the UK.In the 1970s, the then chairman and chief executive of Sainsbury's, John Davan Sainsbury (later Lord Sainsbury of Preston Candover), realised the threat from the emergence of hypermarkets, such as those being built by the French retailer Carrefour. The initial response by Sainsbury's was a 50:50 joint enterprise with British Home Stores, set up on 9 December 1975 as Sabre Hypermarkets Limited, which was changed to Savacentre Limited on 31 December 1976.
<University_of_Neuchâtel>	The University of Neuchâtel (UniNE) is a French-speaking university based in Neuchâtel, Switzerland. The university has four faculties (schools) and more than a dozen institutes, including arts and human sciences, natural sciences, law and economics. The Faculty of Arts and Human Sciences, with 2,000 students, is the largest school of those that comprise the University of Neuchâtel.The university has an annual budget of CHF 144 million and an annual research fund of CHF 40 million. Approximately 4,000 students, including 600 PhD students attend the university, and more than 600 diplomas, licences, doctorates and certificates are awarded each year. The university has more than 1,100 employees.The University of Neuchâtel superseded the Academy, which was created in 1838 by King Frederick William IV of Prussia, Prince of Neuchâtel. It awarded licentiate academic degrees in arts and in sciences. In 1848, the Grand Council decreed the closing of the Academy and in 1866 a new "academy" was established and finally renamed in 1909.
<Austin_Chick>	Austin Chick (born 1971) is an American film director, screenwriter and producer, who made the films XX/XY, released in 2002, and August, which premiered at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival.Although born in Hartford, Connecticut, Chick moved to New Hampshire as a youngster. In the late 1980s he attended high school at High Mowing School, a boarding school in Wilton, NH. He went on to Sarah Lawrence College in Yonkers, where he specialized in literature and psychology with the aid of grants from the King Foundation. Chick spent a number of years unsure of what he wanted to do with his life and took on a life of a wanderer for some time. He said watching Kings of the Road helped him find direction:.
<Workers'_Party_(Brazil)>	The Workers' Party (Brazilian Portuguese: Partido dos Trabalhadores, PT) is a centre-left to left-wing political party in Brazil. Some scholars classify its ideology in the 21st century as social democracy, with the party shifting from a broadly socialist ideology in the 1990s. Founded in 1980, PT governed at the federal level in a coalition government with several other parties from 1 January 2003 to 31 August 2016. After the 2002 parliamentary election, PT became the largest party in the Chamber of Deputies and the largest in the Federal Senate for the first time. With the highest approval rating in the history of the country, President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva is PT's most prominent member. His successor Dilma Rousseff, also a member of PT, was elected twice (first on 1 January 2011, and then again on 26 October 2014) but did not finish her second term due to her impeachment in 2016.Both born among the opposition to the 1964 coup d'état and the subsequent military dictatorship, PT and the Brazilian Social Democracy Party (PSDB) from 1994 to 2014 were the biggest adversaries in contemporary Brazilian politics, with their candidates finishing either first or second on the ballot on the last six presidential elections. Both parties generally prohibit any kind of coalition or official cooperation with each other.
<Urusei_Yatsura>	Urusei Yatsura (うる星やつら) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Rumiko Takahashi. It was serialized in Shogakukan's Weekly Shōnen Sunday from September 1978 to February 1987. Its 366 individual chapters were published in 34 tankōbon volumes. It tells the story of Ataru Moroboshi, and the alien Lum, who believes she is Ataru's wife after he accidentally proposes to her. The series makes heavy use of Japanese mythology, culture and puns. It was adapted into an anime television series produced by Kitty Films and broadcast on Fuji Television affiliates from October 1981, to March 1986, with 194 half-hour episodes. Twelve OVAs and six theatrical films followed, and the series was released on various home video formats.The manga series was republished in different formats in Japan. Viz Media released the series in North America in the 1990s under the names Lum * Urusei Yatsura and The Return of Lum, but dropped it after eight issues. They re-licensed the manga and began releasing an omnibus edition under its original title with new translations in 2019. The television series, OVAs, and five of the films were released in North America with English subtitles, as well as a dub for the films by AnimEigo. They provided extensive notes on the series to allow people to understand the many cultural references and jokes in the series that would not normally be understood by non-Japanese. The remaining film, Beautiful Dreamer, was released bilingually by Central Park Media. Five of the films, as well as the OVAs, are available from MVM Films in the United Kingdom. The series was released on television in Southeast Asia as Lamu the Invader Girl. A second anime television series adaptation of 46 episodes produced by David Production premiered on Fuji TV's Noitamina programming block in October 2022, exactly 41 years after the first premiered.
<Edgar_Manas>	Edgar Manas Effendi (Armenian: Էտկար Մանաս; April 12,1875 in Istanbul – March 9, 1964 in Istanbul) was a Turkish composer, conductor and musicologist of Armenian descent. He is one of the three co-authors of the Turkish National Anthem, as he made the arrangements for orchestra.Of Armenian descent, Edgar's father, Alexandre Manas,  was the chief translator for the Ottoman Public Debt Administration. The family lineage may be traced back to Caesarea (now Kayseri), where it originated in the mid-sixteenth century. Raphael Manas (c.1710 - 1790), an official painter of the Ottoman Empire, was arguably the most outstanding figure of the Manas dynasty: he made the portraits of Mahmud I, Osman III and Mustafa III.Edgar Manas was born on April 12, 1875, in  Istanbul. Artistically gifted young Edgar was sent to Italy at the age of 13 to attend the Murat-Raphaelian Armenian School to study commerce.  While in Venice he also took piano lessons with Professor Trivellini. Upon graduating in 1894, he returned to his native city. Yet, his impulse to continue his music studies took him back to Italy, where he settled in Padua and worked with composer Luigi Bottazzo, focusing on harmony, counterpoint and fugue.
<Virginia_Field>	Virginia Field (born Margaret Cynthia Field; 4 November 1917 – 2 January 1992) was a British-born film actress.An only child, born in London, her father was Sir John Field. He was the judge of Leicester County Court Circuit. Her mother was a cousin of Confederate General Robert E. Lee and her aunt was British stage actress and director Auriol Lee.
<When_We_Rise>	When We Rise is an eight-part American docudrama miniseries about the history of LGBT rights advocacy in the United States from the 1970s to the 2010s. It was created by Dustin Lance Black and stars Guy Pearce, Rachel Griffiths, Mary-Louise Parker, Michael Kenneth Williams, Austin P. McKenzie, Emily Skeggs, Jonathan Majors, Fiona Dourif, and Sam Jaeger among 30 others. The miniseries premiered on ABC on February 27, 2017, with the rest of its episodes airing March 1 to 3.Based on the memoirs of LGBT activist Cleve Jones, When We Rise chronicles the personal and political struggles, set-backs, and triumphs of a diverse group of LGBTQ+ individuals who helped pioneer a portion of the civil rights movement from its infancy in the 20th century to the successes of today. The 45-year saga tells the evolving history of the modern gay rights movement, starting just after the Stonewall riots in 1969.
<Order_of_the_Bath>	The Most Honourable Order of the Bath is a British order of chivalry founded by George I on 18 May 1725. The name derives from the elaborate medieval ceremony for appointing a knight, which involved bathing (as a symbol of purification) as one of its elements. The knights so created were known as "Knights of the Bath". George I "erected the Knights of the Bath into a regular Military Order". He did not (as is commonly believed[citation needed]) revive the Order of the Bath, since it had never previously existed as an Order, in the sense of a body of knights who were governed by a set of statutes and whose numbers were replenished when vacancies occurred.The Order consists of the Sovereign (currently King Charles III), the Great Master (currently vacant) and three Classes of members:
<Adolf_Just>	Adolf Just (born 8 August 1859, Lüthorst near Dassel, Kingdom of Hanover; died 20 January 1936, Blankenburg (Harz)) was a German naturopath. He was the founder of the sanatorium Jungborn in Eckertal (resin).He began an apprenticeship as a bookseller, but fell ill and turned in the self-study on various natural remedies, through which he became a lay practitioner. For a philosophy of medicine he most strongly advocated a "Return to Nature", utilizing natural food, clean water, fresh air, earthen clay, as well as time spent in nature itself.  Eckertal in 1895 he founded the Naturopathic Institute Jungborn. The most prominent patient was Franz Kafka. In 1918 Just founded the healing clay Society in Blankenburg (Harz), and started the company, Luvos. His main work attracted interest in India and led there to set up a still existing natural medicine hospital in Pune.Just held a Christianized religious ideology based on the idea that salvation could be regained by understanding how primordial man used to live. He held the belief that in the beginning, "all creatures, frog and mouse, hedgehog and hare, deer, and elk, fox and badger" all lived in harmony with the Creator. Animals remained in their pristine state of grace, whilst man fell. He believed that by studying the behaviour of animals, people could experience salvation of the soul. Just believed that Jesus came to redeem humanity by teaching how to live in harmony with nature.
<The_Path_Between_the_Seas>	The Path Between the Seas: The Creation of the Panama Canal, 1870–1914 (1977) is a book by the American historian David McCullough, published by Simon & Schuster. The 698-page book contains 80 photographs, two maps and extensive source references. It won the U.S. National Book Award in History, the Francis Parkman Prize, the Samuel Eliot Morison Award, and the Cornelius Ryan Award.The book details people, places, and events involved in building the Panama Canal. The title refers to the connection between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans that the opening of the canal created.Making extensive use of letters and interviews with participants and their surviving relatives, the author presents the personal side of the difficulties of the original French effort, and the massive financial losses caused by the failure of that effort; the American negotiations with Colombia, and the machinations that brought about the independence of Panama; and the personalities and conflicts of the principal players in the American effort. This personal aspect is set against the backdrop of the gigantic scale of the construction and the enormous technical difficulties that were surmounted to reach the eventual goal, the prospective benefit of which had long been recognized.
<James_Ebenezer_Saunders>	James Ebenezer Saunders FRIBA (1829/30 – 24 November 1909) was a British architect and Liberal politician.Allinson states that Robert Worley, of the architectural practice Worley & Saunders, was "involved in all kinds of speculative developments".
<The_Age_of_Innocence_(1993_film)>	The Age of Innocence is a 1993 American historical romantic drama film directed by Martin Scorsese. The screenplay, an adaptation of the 1920 novel The Age of Innocence by Edith Wharton, was written by Scorsese and Jay Cocks. The film stars Daniel Day-Lewis, Michelle Pfeiffer, Winona Ryder and Miriam Margolyes, and was released by Columbia Pictures. The film recounts the courtship and marriage of Newland Archer (Day-Lewis), a wealthy New York society attorney, to May Welland (Ryder); Archer then encounters and legally represents Countess Olenska (Pfeiffer) prior to unexpected romantic entanglements.The Age of Innocence was released theatrically on October 1, 1993 by Columbia Pictures. It received critical acclaim, winning the Academy Award for Best Costume Design, and being nominated for Best Actress in a Supporting Role (Winona Ryder), Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Original Score and Best Art Direction. Miriam Margolyes won the Best Supporting Actress BAFTA in 1994. The film grossed $68 million against a $34 million budget. Scorsese dedicated the film to his father, Luciano Charles Scorsese, who had died the month before the film was released. Luciano and his wife, Catherine Scorsese, had small cameo appearances in the film.
<Lafayette_Square_Opera_House>	The Lafayette Square Opera House was an Opera House built in 1895, at 717 Madison Place, NW in Washington D.C. It was dedicated on 30 September 1895 by  Lillian Russell, one of the most well known actress of the time, who was there to perform in Tzigane. Reginald De Koven, composer of the opera, led the orchestra at Russell's request. In 1905 it was purchased by the Shuberts and David Belasco and was renamed the Belasco Theatre. The theatre was acquired by the US federal government and used as a warehouse until World War II, when it was operated by the American Theatre Wing as a Stage Door Canteen. During the Korean War, it was used by the United Services Organization to entertain troops. The theater was razed in 1964.The Lafayette Square Opera House as built by John W. Albaugh, on behalf of the Lafayette Square Opera House Company. It was completed in September 1895 at a cost of 250,000 dollars ($8.14 million in present day terms). Located on Madison Place NW, just north of Pennsylvania Avenue, the theater faced Lafayette Square and the White House. The site, originally the home of Commodore John Rodgers, was noted for a history of tragic events and believed to be haunted.  It was there that Congressman, later Civil War General, Daniel Sickles killed the district attorney for the District of Columbia, Philip Barton Key II, son of Francis Scott Key. Following the Civil War, John Wilkes Booth's co-conspirator, Lewis Powell, attempted to take the life of Secretary of State William H. Seward, who was living there at the time.  The property was later purchased by former Secretary of State James G. Blaine, and it was there that he and two of his children, Walker and Alice, died.The structure was built of polished gray granite in the classic Grecian order style. Its frontage was 76 feet wide and 176 feet deep. The steel frame building, equipped with the latest fireproof rigging of the time and using an asbestos stage curtain, was advertised is being absolutely fireproof. The main entrance was thirty-six feet wide, and opened directly to the sidewalk on Madison Place. The lobby was finished in mahogany with mosaic tile flooring.  Broad marble staircases on either side led to the upper floors. The main floor rose five tiers, constructed on the cantilever, with two Ionic columns on the main floor and three in the balconies. The mezzanine was divided into 31 stalls, one for each President of the United States at that time, each seating four to eight people. The theater had 1,800 seats, "not one from which actors can not be seen."
<Pierre_Colas>	Pierre Robert Colas (January 13, 1976 – August 26, 2008) was a German anthropologist, archaeologist and epigrapher. As a Mayanist scholar who investigated the pre-Columbian Maya civilization of ancient Mesoamerica, Colas was well known for his contributions to the study of the Maya writing system, and his archaeological work on cave sites used by the Maya. His analysis of onomastics—personal naming practices and titles of rank—in Classic-era Maya inscriptions was the first major publication of its kind. Colas also conducted ethnographic studies and surveys among contemporary Maya communities living in Belize. In Europe, he had close involvement with the organisation of academic conferences and workshops on the Maya, as a workshop tutor, presenter of original papers, and editor of several conference proceedings and reports.Since 2006 Colas held a position as assistant professor in the Anthropology Department of the College of Arts and Science at Vanderbilt University, Nashville, Tennessee.On the evening of August 26, 2008 Dr. Colas was shot dead in his Nashville home. He was 32 years old.
<Othmer_Gold_Medal>	The Othmer Gold Medal recognizes outstanding individuals who contributed to progress in chemistry and science through their activities in areas including innovation, entrepreneurship, research, education, public understanding, legislation, and philanthropy. The medal is presented annually under the sponsorship of the Science History Institute (formerly the Chemical Heritage Foundation) and four affiliated organizations: the American Chemical Society (ACS), the American Institute of Chemical Engineers (AIChE), The Chemists' Club, and the American section of the Société de Chimie Industrielle, at the Science History Institute's Heritage Day.The Othmer Medal commemorates chemist Donald Othmer (1904–1995), a researcher, engineer, inventor, philanthropist, professor, and co-editor of the Kirk-Othmer Encyclopedia of Chemical Technology.  Each year, the recipient of the award designates an institution to receive a copy of the 26 volume Kirk-Othmer Encyclopedia of Chemical Technology from John Wiley & Sons, Inc.The award is given yearly and was first presented in 1997.
<ESPN_Inc.>	ESPN Inc. is an American multinational sports media conglomerate majority-owned by The Walt Disney Company, with Hearst Communications as an equity stakeholder. For management and financial reporting purposes, the company is the main entity within the ESPN and Sports Content segment of Disney.Headed by James Pitaro, it owns and operates local and global cable and satellite television variants of ESPN, ESPN Radio, ESPN.com and other related ventures.Commonly and colloquially marketed as the "Worldwide Leader in Sports", programming on its television networks include broadcasts of live or tape-delayed sporting events and sports-related programming including talk shows and original documentary series and films.
<Joan_Finney>	Joan Marie Finney (née McInroy; February 12, 1925 – July 28, 2001) was an American politician who served as the 42nd governor of Kansas from 1991 to 1995. Prior to her tenure as governor, Finney served four terms as the Kansas state treasurer from 1975 to 1991. Finney was the first woman to hold either office.Finney was born Joan Marie McInroy in Topeka, Kansas. She was the daughter of Leonard and Mary Sands McInroy. Her father abandoned the family shortly after her birth. McInroy graduated from high school in Manhattan, Kansas in 1942. In 1957, she married Spencer Finney, Jr. The Finneys had three children: Sarah "Sally" Finney Timm, Richard Finney, and Mary Finney Holladay.[citation needed] In 1978, Finney graduated from Washburn University with a bachelor's degree in economic history.
<Mark_Chao>	Mark Chao (Chinese: 趙又廷; Wade–Giles: Chao Yu-t'ing; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tiō Iū-têng, born 25 September 1984) is a Taiwanese-Canadian actor and model. He made his television debut in the television series Black & White (2009), for which he won the Golden Bell Award for Best Actor. Since then, he has starred in films Monga (2010), Caught in the Web (2012), So Young (2013), Young Detective Dee: Rise of the Sea Dragon (2013), Chronicles of the Ghostly Tribe (2015) and the television series Eternal Love (2017).Chao is the son of actor and television host Allen Chao [zh]. He graduated from the University of Victoria in Canada, with a double degree in sociology and economics. He started his career in the Taiwanese entertainment industry after he graduated.Mark Chao made his debut in the television drama Black & White (2009).[citation needed] His role as the rash, righteous and no-nonsense cop shot him to fame and won him the Best Actor award at the 44th Golden Bell Awards. He then starred in his first film, Monga (2010). The gangster flick, directed by Doze Niu grossed more than NT$250 million (HK$61 million) in Taiwan, making it one of the most successful domestic productions. Chao won the Best Newcomer award at the Asian Film Awards for his performance as a solitary, self-loathing and intense gang member. Chao won the Best Actor in Leading Role at the 26th Asian Television Awards (2021).
<Roman_Polanski>	Raymond Roman Thierry Polański (né Liebling; 18 August 1933) is a French-Polish film director, producer, screenwriter, and actor. He is the recipient of numerous accolades, including an Academy Award, two British Academy Film Awards, nine César Awards, two Golden Globe Awards, as well as the Golden Bear and a Palme d'Or.His Polish–Jewish parents moved the family from his birthplace in Paris back to Kraków in 1937. Two years later, the invasion of Poland by Nazi Germany started World War II, and the family found themselves trapped in the Kraków Ghetto. After his mother and father were taken in raids, Polanski spent his formative years in foster homes, surviving the Holocaust by adopting a false identity and concealing his Jewish heritage. Polanski's first feature-length film, Knife in the Water (1962), was made in Poland and was nominated for the United States Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. After living in France for a few years, he moved to the United Kingdom, where he directed his first three English-language feature-length films: Repulsion (1965), Cul-de-sac (1966), and The Fearless Vampire Killers (1967). In 1968, he moved to the United States and cemented his status in the film industry by directing the horror film Rosemary's Baby (1968).
<Courage_of_Lassie>	Courage of Lassie is a 1946 Technicolor MGM feature film starring Elizabeth Taylor, Frank Morgan, and dog actor Pal in a story about a collie named Bill and his young companion, Kathie Merrick. When Bill is separated from Kathie following a vehicular accident, he is trained as a war dog, performs heroically, and, after many tribulations, is eventually reunited with his beloved Kathie.Courage of Lassie is the third of seven MGM films featuring a canine star called Lassie, based on Eric Knight's fictional character.  Pal, a  male Rough Collie, using the stage name Lassie, appeared as the title character in the first film, Lassie Come Home and as Laddie in its sequel, Son of Lassie. Despite this film's title, the character Lassie does not appear in Courage of Lassie; Pal (credited as Lassie) portrays "Bill", also referred to as "Duke" for part of the movie.Courage of Lassie has been released to VHS and DVD.
<Tryambak_Shankar_Shejwalkar>	Tryambak Shankar Shejwalkar (T S Shejwalkar; Devanagari: त्र्यंबक शंकर शेजवलकर, त्र्यं. शं. शेजवलकर) (25 May 1895 – 28 November 1963) was an award-winning historian and essayist.Shejwalkar was born in Kasheli, a village in Rajapur Taluka of Ratnagiri district. He passed matriculation examination in 1911 from a school run by the Aryan education society. Later he completed a Bachelor of Arts at Wilson College, Mumbai.
<Albert_Finney>	Albert Finney (9 May 1936 – 7 February 2019) was an English actor. He attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art and worked in the theatre before attaining prominence on screen in the early 1960s, debuting with The Entertainer (1960), directed by Tony Richardson, who had previously directed him in the theatre. He maintained a successful career in theatre, film and television.He is known for his roles in Saturday Night and Sunday Morning (1960), Tom Jones (1963), Two for the Road (1967), Scrooge (1970), Annie (1982), The Dresser (1983), Miller's Crossing (1990), A Man of No Importance (1994), Erin Brockovich (2000), Big Fish (2003), The Bourne Ultimatum (2007), Before the Devil Knows You're Dead (2007), and the James Bond film Skyfall (2012).
<Elmer_Rice>	Elmer Rice (born Elmer Leopold Reizenstein, September 28, 1892 – May 8, 1967) was an American playwright. He is best known for his plays The Adding Machine (1923) and his Pulitzer Prize-winning drama of New York tenement life, Street Scene (1929).Rice was born Elmer Leopold Reizenstein at 127 East 90th Street in New York City. His grandfather was a political activist in the Revolutions of 1848 in the German states. After the failure of that political upheaval, he emigrated to the United States where he became a businessman. He spent most of his retirement years living with the Rice family and developed a close relationship with his grandson Elmer, who became a politically motivated writer and shared his grandfather's liberal and pacifist politics. A staunch atheist, his grandfather may also have influenced Elmer in his feelings about religion as he refused to attend Hebrew school or to have a bar mitzvah. In contrast, Rice's relationship with his father was very distant. As he wrote in his autobiography, his grandfather and his Uncle Will, both of whom boarded with the family, made up for the affection and attention his father withheld. A child of the tenements, Rice spent much of his youth reading, to his family's consternation, and later observed, "Nothing in my life has been more helpful than the simple act of joining the library."Because of his need to support his family when his father's epilepsy worsened, Rice did not complete high school, and he took a number of menial jobs before earning his diploma by preparing for the state examinations on his own and then applying to law school. Though he disliked legal studies and spent a good deal of class time reading plays in class (because they could be finished within the span of a two-hour lecture, he said), Rice graduated from New York Law School in 1912 and began a short-lived legal career. Leaving the profession in 1914, he was always to retain a cynical outlook about lawyers, but his two years in a law office provided him with material for several plays, most notably Counsellor-at-Law (1931).  Courtroom dramas became a Rice specialty.
<John_Wardley>	John Richard Wardley (born 6 June 1950) is a British developer for theme parks in the UK and Europe: an innovator of special effects, dark rides and roller coasters in the themed attraction industry.Wardley started his career as a stage manager at Windsor's Theatre Royal, then moved on to the film industry creating special effects, including several of the James Bond movies. He was later hired by the Tussauds Group due to his experience in designing animated figures and rides for amusement parks. His first project with Tussauds was the development of animatronics for the 'Royalty and Empire' exhibition at Windsor, Berkshire.
<Croatia_national_under-17_football_team>	The Croatia national under-17 football team represents Croatia in international football at this age level and is controlled by the Croatian Football Federation, the governing body for football in Croatia.
<Lawrence_Nield>	Professor Lawrence Nield is a retired Australian architect, who since 2012 has been head of the Heritage Council of New South Wales.  He is also known for his writings on urban design.  He was head of master planning for the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games. He was one of the founders of BVN Architecture (formerly Bligh Voller Nield).In March 2013 Nield was appointed the Northern Territory Government Architect. In 2010 Lawrence Nield founded Studio Nield with his partner Andrea Nield in Sydney.
<U.D._Leiria>	União Desportiva de Leiria, commonly known as União de Leiria (pronounced [uniˈɐ̃w̃ dɨ lɐjˈɾiɐ]), is a Portuguese football club based in Leiria, central Portugal. Founded on 6 June 1966, it currently plays in the Campeonato de Portugal, holding home matches at Estádio Dr. Magalhães Pessoa, with a 24,000-seat capacity.Leiria's biggest rivals in Portugal are S.C. Beira-Mar, Associação Naval 1º de Maio and Académica de Coimbra, which belong to the same geographical region. In 1979–80, the club first competed in the top division, finishing in 13th position and being the first team inside the relegation zone.A heavy contender in the battle to reach European competitions in the 2000s, the club was relegated in 2007–08 to the second level, after finishing last. The team would be immediately promoted back, coming in second after champions S.C. Olhanense.
<Heroes_&_Zeros_(film)>	Heroes and Zeroes is a 2012 Nigerian drama film written and directed by Niji Akanni; it stars Nadia Buari, Bimbo Manuel and Olu Jacobs. It premiered on August 31, 2012 at Silverbird Galleria, Lagos. It was nominated in 6 categories at the 9th Africa Movie Academy Awards, winning awards for Best Director, Best Screenplay and Best Editing.The film tells a story about the relationship between a 45 yr old married film director, Amos (Bimbo Manuel) and a film actress, Tonia (Nadia Buari). Amos, who is having troubles in his marriage seeks to be an international soccer star in the nearest future. His wife, Tinuke (Tina Mba) works in a financial institution and is having difficulty coping with the death of her only child. Amos is opportuned to be a part of a major big budget film  to revive his career. He eventually uses it re-establish himself in the film industry. He is greatly obsessed by Tonia and begins extra-marital affairs with her to the detriment of his wife.The film begins with Amos Ayefele (Bimbo Manuel), a film director, who has lost motivation for his job. Amos is having issues in his marriage as a result of his financial troubles. He is seen directing his attention to unrealistic goals, like believing he can still be an international soccer player despite being in his 40s. After several refusals to accept the role to direct a Nigerian/French collaborative film project, Ayefele took the role, and began auditioning prospective aspiring and established actors. Tonia (Nadia Buari) gets the lead role in the film, after Ayefele developed a liking for her at first sight due to her perceived similarity with a lady he met in Kaduna several years ago. After the two decides to meet to discuss this, Tonia is angered at Ayefele persistence that he had met her in the past.
<Tele_München_Gruppe>	Leonine Holding GmbH, LLC, formerly Tele München Group, LLC (German: Tele München Gruppe; TMG), is a media company based in Munich.The activities of Leonine include trade in licenses, investments in television and radio stations and distribution and production of television films and movies.The Tele München GmbH was founded on April 27, 1970, by author and producer Walter Ulbrich. It was purchased in 1977 by Herbert Kloiber and his business partner Fritz Buttenstedt. In 1980, the Concorde Filmverleih (Concorde film distribution) was founded and a year later, in 1981, the company acquired along with the cinema operator Hans-Joachim Flebbe several movie theaters in Hamburg, Berlin and Braunschweig.
<Whoops_Baghdad>	Whoops Baghdad is a BBC television comedy programme first broadcast from 25 January to 1 March 1973.It stars Frankie Howerd, and was similar to his earlier programme Up Pompeii!, with the setting moved from Ancient Rome to mediaeval Baghdad. However, it was less successful than its predecessor, only running for six episodes and is little remembered, although all episodes apparently survive.The original proposed title, Up Baghdad, was rejected because it was felt that it might have been seen as supportive of the then-current Iraqi regime.
<Cruzeiro_Esporte_Clube>	Cruzeiro Esporte Clube (Brazilian Portuguese: [kɾuˈzejɾu esˈpoɾtʃi ˈklubi]), known simply as Cruzeiro, is a Brazilian sports club based in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais. Although they compete in a number of different sports, Cruzeiro is mostly known for its association football team. It plays in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série B, the second tier of the Brazilian football league system, as well as in the Campeonato Mineiro, the state of Minas Gerais's premier state league.The club was founded on 2 January 1921, by sportsmen from the Italian colony of Belo Horizonte as Palestra Itália. As a result of the Second World War, the Brazilian federal government banned the use of any symbols referring to the Axis powers in 1942. The club board members rebaptized the club with the name of a leading national symbol: the Cruzeiro do Sul's constellation. Cruzeiro play their home games at the Mineirão stadium, which currently holds up to 62,547 spectators. Cruzeiro's regular kit colors are blue shirts and white shorts with white socks.
<King_Ranch>	King Ranch is the largest ranch in the United States.  At some 825,000 acres (3,340 km2; 1,289 sq mi) it is larger than the state of Rhode Island and country of Luxembourg. It is mainly a cattle ranch, but also produced the Triple Crown winning racehorse Assault.The ranch is located in South Texas between Corpus Christi and Brownsville adjacent to Kingsville.  It was founded in 1853 by Captain Richard King and Gideon K. Lewis. It includes portions of six Texas counties; most of Kleberg  and much of Kenedy, with portions extending into Brooks, Jim Wells, Nueces, and Willacy counties. 
<UBM_plc>	UBM plc was a British business-to-business (B2B) events organiser headquartered in London, England, before its acquisition by Informa in 2018. It had a long history as a multinational media company. Its main focus was on B2B events, but its principal operations included live media and business-to-business communications, marketing services and data provision, and it principally served the technology, healthcare, trade and transport, ingredients and fashion industries. UBM was listed on the London Stock Exchange and was a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.The history of the companies that made up UBM stretches back almost two hundred years. Up until its acquisition UBM businesses published many titles that were launched in the 19th century, including Building magazine, launched in 1843 by Joseph Hansom, as well as Chemist & Druggist.
<Alexandre_Dumas>	Alexandre Dumas (UK: /ˈdjuːmɑː, dʊˈmɑː/, US: /duːˈmɑː/; French: [alɛksɑ̃dʁ dymɑ]; born Dumas Davy de la Pailleterie ([dymɑ davi də la pajət(ə)ʁi]), 24 July 1802 – 5 December 1870), also known as Alexandre Dumas père (where père is French for 'father', to distinguish him from his son Alexandre Dumas fils), was a French writer. His works have been translated into many languages and he is one of the most widely read French authors. Many of his historical novels of adventure were originally published as serials, including The Count of Monte Cristo, The Three Musketeers, Twenty Years After and The Vicomte of Bragelonne: Ten Years Later. His novels have been adapted since the early twentieth century into nearly 200 films.Prolific in several genres, Dumas began his career by writing plays, which were successfully produced from the first. He also wrote numerous magazine articles and travel books; his published works totalled 100,000 pages. In the 1840s, Dumas founded the Théâtre Historique in Paris.
<Gimnàstic_de_Tarragona>	Club Gimnàstic de Tarragona, commonly known as Gimnàstic Tarragona or sometimes just Nàstic, is a Spanish sports club based in Tarragona, in the autonomous community of Catalonia. Its football team plays in Primera División RFEF – Group 2.The club was founded in 1886 and is one of the oldest football clubs in Spain. It has teams competing in athletics, basketball, tennis, gymnastics, table tennis and futsal, but a football team was not formed until 1914. The team enjoyed a three-year La Liga spell in its beginnings (1947–50).
<Gabrielle_Giffords>	Gabrielle Dee Giffords (born June 8, 1970) is an American retired politician and gun control advocate who served as a member of the United States House of Representatives representing Arizona's 8th congressional district from January 2007 until January 2012, when she resigned due to a severe brain injury suffered during an assassination attempt. A member of the Democratic Party, she was the third woman in Arizona's history to be elected to the U.S. Congress.Born and raised in Tucson, Arizona, Giffords graduated from Scripps College and Cornell University. After initially moving to New York City, where she worked in regional economic development for Price Waterhouse, she returned to Arizona to work as the CEO of El Campo Tire Warehouses, a family business started by her grandfather. She served in the Arizona House of Representatives from 2001 until 2003 and the Arizona Senate from 2003 until 2005 when she was elected to the U.S. House. She had just begun her third term in January 2011 when she was shot in the head in an assassination attempt and mass shooting just outside of Tucson during an event with constituents. Giffords has since recovered much of her ability to walk, speak, read, and write. She was greeted by a standing ovation upon her return to the House floor in August 2011. She attended President Obama's State of the Union address on January 24, 2012, and appeared on the floor of the House the following day, at which time she formally submitted her resignation, receiving a standing ovation and accolades from her colleagues and the leadership of the House.
<Henry_Iba_Award>	The Henry Iba Award was established in 1959 to recognize the best college basketball coach of the year by the United States Basketball Writers Association (USBWA).  Five nominees are presented and the individual with the most votes receives the award, which is presented in conjunction with the Final Four.  The award is named for Henry Iba, who coached at Oklahoma State from 1934 to 1970.  Iba won the NCAA College Championship in 1945 and 1946 and coached the U.S. Olympic Teams to two gold medals in 1964 and 1968. The award is presented at the Oscar Robertson Trophy Breakfast on the Friday before the Final Four.Legendary UCLA Bruins coach John Wooden has the most all–time selections with seven. Of the seven other coaches with multiple Henry Iba Awards, only Virginia Cavaliers coach Tony Bennett has received it more than twice. The school with the second–most winners is Ohio State, which has had two coaches win a total of three awards (Fred Taylor, Randy Ayers).
<Hong_Kong_Affairs_Society>	The Hong Kong Affairs Society (Chinese: 太平山學會) was a middle class and professionals oriented political organisation formed in 1984 for the discussion for the Hong Kong prospect and political constitution after the handover to China with about 20 members led by Huang Chen-ya, Man Sai-cheong and liberal lawyer Albert Ho and grew to about 120 in 1987. It was established as a group of political commentary but increasingly involved in subsequent municipal and district boards elections. In the 1980s it was one of the three major pro-democracy groups (the other two being Hong Kong Association for Democracy and People's Livelihood and Meeting Point). In October 1986, the Society joined the Joint Committee on the Promotion of Democratic Government which consisted of about 190 organizations, putting forward to proposal of direct election in the 1988 Legislative Council election but was rejected. Its leader Albert Ho and most of its members later on joined the newly established United Democrats of Hong Kong in 1990.
<Johnny_Bryan>	John Frederick Bryan (February 28, 1897 – July 1, 1966) was a professional football player for the Chicago Cardinals, Chicago Bears, and Milwaukee Badgers. He was also a player-coach and franchise owner of the Badgers in 1925 and 1926.The Badgers franchise was turned over to Bryan after it was discovered that the team had employed four Chicago high school players for game against the Chicago Cardinals that resulted in a 59-0 loss for the Badgers. As a result of the scandal, owner Ambrose McGuirk was forced by NFL President Joe Carr to turn over his franchise to Bryan.Under Bryan, the team did manage to win two games in 1926 due to the arrival of end Lavern Dilweg. However Milwaukee dropped out of the NFL after that season.
<Gregg_L._Semenza>	Gregg Leonard Semenza (born July 12, 1956) is a Pediatrician and Professor of Genetic Medicine at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine. He serves as the director of the vascular program at the Institute for Cell Engineering. He is a 2016 recipient of the Albert Lasker Award for Basic Medical Research. He is known for his discovery of HIF-1, which allows cancer cells to adapt to oxygen-poor environments. He shared the 2019 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine  for "discoveries of how cells sense and adapt to oxygen availability" with William Kaelin Jr. and Peter J. Ratcliffe.Semenza was born on July 12, 1956, in Flushing, New York City; he and his four siblings grew up in Westchester County, New York.
<Henry_VIII_of_England>	Henry VIII (28 June 1491 – 28 January 1547) was King of England from 22 April 1509 until his death in 1547. Henry is best known for his six marriages, and for his efforts to have his first marriage (to Catherine of Aragon) annulled. His disagreement with Pope Clement VII about such an annulment led Henry to initiate the English Reformation, separating the Church of England from papal authority. He appointed himself Supreme Head of the Church of England and dissolved convents and monasteries, for which he was excommunicated by the pope. Henry is also known as "the father of the Royal Navy" as he invested heavily in the navy and increased its size from a few to more than 50 ships, and established the Navy Board.Domestically, Henry is known for his radical changes to the English Constitution, ushering in the theory of the divine right of kings in opposition to papal supremacy. He also greatly expanded royal power during his reign. He frequently used charges of treason and heresy to quell dissent, and those accused were often executed without a formal trial by means of bills of attainder. He achieved many of his political aims through the work of his chief ministers, some of whom were banished or executed when they fell out of his favour. Thomas Wolsey, Thomas More, Thomas Cromwell, Richard Rich and Thomas Cranmer all figured prominently in his administration.
<Edwin_Southern>	Sir Edwin Mellor Southern FRS FRSE (born 7 June 1938) is an English Lasker Award-winning molecular biologist, Emeritus Professor of Biochemistry at the University of Oxford and a fellow of Trinity College, Oxford. He is most widely known for the invention of the Southern blot, published in 1975 and now a common laboratory procedure.Southern was born in Burnley, Lancashire and educated at Burnley Grammar School. He has a brother named John Southern and a sister Kay Monie. He went on to read Chemistry at the University of Manchester (BSc Hons., 1958). He continued as a graduate student (then Demonstrator, 1963) in the Department of Chemistry, University of Glasgow, where he was awarded his PhD in 1962.
<George_S._Irving>	George S. Irving (born Irving Shelasky; November 1, 1922 – December 26, 2016) was an American actor known primarily for his character roles on Broadway and as the voice of Heat Miser in the American Christmas television specials beginning with The Year Without a Santa Claus (1974).He was born Irving Shelasky  in Springfield, Massachusetts to Abraham and Rebecca Shelasky, as one of four siblings. His parents were Russian Jewish immigrants.When Irving was 13 or 14, he sang in synagogues and churches as a boy soprano. By his final high school year in 1940, he heard about a dramatic school in Boston for those who were not quite draft age and who were tall and had deep voices, so he immediately received a scholarship. In 1942, he worked in the chorus of the St. Louis Muny Opera.
<Sony>	Sony Group Corporation (ソニーグループ株式会社, Sonī Gurūpu kabushiki gaisha, /ˈsoʊni/ SOH-nee), commonly stylized as SONY, is a Japanese multinational conglomerate corporation headquartered in Minato, Tokyo, Japan. As a major technology company, it operates as one of the world's largest manufacturers of consumer and professional electronic products, the largest video game console company and the largest video game publisher. Through Sony Entertainment Inc, it is one of the largest music companies (largest music publisher and second largest record label) and the third largest film studio, making it one of the most comprehensive media companies. It is the largest technology and media conglomerate in Japan. It is also recognized as the most cash-rich Japanese company, with net cash reserves of ¥2 trillion.Sony, with its 55 percent market share in the image sensor market, is the largest manufacturer of image sensors, the second largest camera manufacturer, and is among the semiconductor sales leaders. It is the world's largest player in the premium TV market for a television of at least 55 inches (140 centimeters) with a price higher than $2,500 as well as second largest TV brand by market share and, as of 2020, the third largest television manufacturer in the world by annual sales figures.
<Timothy_Gowers>	Sir William Timothy Gowers, FRS (/ˈɡaʊ.ərz/; born 20 November 1963) is a British mathematician. He is Professeur titulaire of the Combinatorics chair at the Collège de France, and director of research at the University of Cambridge and Fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge. In 1998, he received the Fields Medal for research connecting the fields of functional analysis and combinatorics.Gowers attended King's College School, Cambridge, as a choirboy in the King's College choir, and then Eton College as a King's Scholar, where he was taught mathematics by Norman Routledge. In 1981, Gowers won a gold medal at the International Mathematical Olympiad with a perfect score. He completed his PhD, with a dissertation on Symmetric Structures in Banach Spaces at Trinity College, Cambridge in 1990, supervised by Béla Bollobás.
<Nuno_Afonso>	Nuno Miguel Figueiredo Afonso (born 6 October 1974) is a Portuguese former footballer who played as a central defender.Afonso was born in Oeiras, Lisbon metropolitan area. During his professional career, he represented S.L. Benfica (being part of the squad that won the Primeira Liga title), C.F. Os Belenenses, S.C. Campomaiorense, Vitória de Setúbal, C.S. Marítimo (two spells), F.C. Paços de Ferreira, C.D. Aves and U.D. Oliveirense, having abroad stints with UD Salamanca – contributing with only 157 minutes to a 1997 second division promotion – and CD Díter Zafra (also in Spain), retiring at only 28.In his country's top level, Afonso amassed totals of 88 games and one goal over seven seasons.
<Amazon.com>	Amazon.com, Inc. (/ˈæməzɒn/ AM-ə-zon) is an American multinational technology company focusing on e-commerce, cloud computing, online advertising, digital streaming, and artificial intelligence. It has been referred to as "one of the most influential economic and cultural forces in the world", and is one of the world's most valuable brands. It is one of the Big Five American information technology companies, alongside Alphabet, Apple, Meta, and Microsoft.Amazon was founded by Jeff Bezos from his garage in Bellevue, Washington, on July 5, 1994. Initially an online marketplace for books, it has expanded into a multitude of product categories, a strategy that has earned it the moniker The Everything Store. It has multiple subsidiaries including Amazon Web Services (cloud computing), Zoox (autonomous vehicles), Kuiper Systems (satellite Internet), and Amazon Lab126 (computer hardware R&D). Its other subsidiaries include Ring, Twitch, IMDb, and Whole Foods Market. Its acquisition of Whole Foods in August 2017 for US$13.4 billion substantially increased its footprint as a physical retailer.
<Theodore_von_Kármán_bibliography>	This is a bibliography of works by Theodore von Kármán.
<Ignasi_de_Solà-Morales>	Ignasi de Solà-Morales Rubió (Barcelona 1942 - Amsterdam 2001) was an architect, historian and philosopher from Catalonia, Spain.He was professor of composition at the Barcelona School of Architecture, and also taught at the universities of Princeton, Columbia, Turin, and Cambridge.Among his most notable architectural works are the reconstruction of Ludwig Mies van der Rohe's Barcelona Pavilion, and the reconstruction and expansion of the Liceu Theatre in Barcelona.
<Lelewel_Palace>	Lelewel Palace (Polish: Pałac Lelewelów) was a rococo palace on the Miodowa Street in the Warsaw Old Town, which was also unofficially named "Palace Street" (ulica Pałacowa). Lelewel Palace was built in 1755 by Efraim Szreger on an estate documented to have been property of King John III Sobieski and maintaining the original Corps de logis. The client and owner until 1787 was Constance Lelewel née Jauch.The original timber manor house of Krzysztof Gembicki, Grand Pantler of the Crown, that occupied the allotment was burned by Swedish and Brandenburgian forces during the Deluge. In 1662 it was replaced by another timber mansion of Stanisław Razicki, the king's secretary. The more permanent brick palace was erected between 1739 and 1740 for Aleksander Szembek, voivode of Sieradz. It was constructed as a French-style city palace with two outbuildings and a geometric garden. Around 1755 the palace was enlarged for the subsequent proprietor Swedish-Prussian aristocrat Heinrich Lölhöffel von Löwensprung (1705-1763), but of the planned two new wings only the northern wing was built. The new wing, connected with existing outbuildings and a neighbouring tenement house, become the main building of the palace.The real initiator of the reconstruction was Constance Jauch (1722–1802), the daughter of major general Joachim Daniel von Jauch (1668–1745). In 1741 she married Heinrich Lölhöffel, the privy councillor (Hofrat) and physician to King Augustus III of Poland.
<Astro_de_Ogum>	Generval Martiniano Moreira Leite, better known as Astro de Ogum (born October 16, 1957) is a Brazilian politician. He is an alderman of São Luís and president of Municipal Chamber.In 1992, Astro de Ogum competed to alderman of São Luís, without success.
<Teh_Cheang_Wan>	Teh Cheang Wan (Chinese: 郑章远; pinyin: Zhèng Zhāngyuǎn; 3 March 1928 – 14 December 1986) was a Singaporean architect and politician who was a member of the governing People's Action Party. He was in charge of the Housing Development Board as Minister for National Development of Singapore. He served as the Member of the Singapore Parliament for Geylang West SMC on 31 January 1979 to 14 December 1986. Teh was investigated for corruption in November 1986 and was found dead on 14 December 1986 due to suicide.Teh's early education began at Lai Teck School and later at Chung Ling High School, Penang. He studied architecture at the University of Sydney in Australia, graduating in 1956.Teh's early career was as an architect at PWD, New South Wales, Australia. He then moved to the Housing Commission in New South Wales before expanding his expertise with the Housing Trust in Kuala Lumpur and serving in the Penang City Council. In August 1959, he joined the Singapore Improvement Trust as an architect. He was promoted to chief architect, Building Department of the newly formed Housing and Development Board (HDB) in October 1959. Later he became the chief executive officer of HDB from 1970 to January 1979. He was also the chairman of Jurong Town Corporation between September 1976 to March 1979. He resigned from his posts to go into politics.
<Jean-Pierre_Thiollet>	Jean-Pierre Thiollet (French: [ʒɑ̃pjɛʁ tjɔlɛ]; born 9 December 1956) is a French writer and journalist.Primarily living in Paris, he is the author of numerous books and one of the national leaders of the European Confederation of Independent Trade Unions (CEDI), a European employers' organization.
<Thomas_Hunt_Morgan_Medal>	The Thomas Hunt Morgan Medal is awarded by the Genetics Society of America (GSA) for lifetime contributions to the field of genetics.The medal is named after Thomas Hunt Morgan, the 1933 Nobel Prize winner, who received this award for his work with Drosophila and his "discoveries concerning the role played by the chromosome in heredity."  Morgan recognized that Drosophila, which could be bred quickly and inexpensively, had large quantities of offspring and a short life cycle, would make an excellent organism for genetic studies. His studies of the white-eye mutation and discovery of sex-linked inheritance provided the first experimental evidence that chromosomes are the carriers of genetic information.  Subsequent studies in his laboratory led to the discovery of recombination and the first genetic maps.In 1981 the GSA established the Thomas Hunt Morgan Medal for lifetime achievement to honor this classical geneticist who was among those who laid the foundation for modern genetics.
<James_Patrick_Kelly>	James Patrick Kelly (born April 11, 1951 in Mineola, New York) is an American science fiction author who has won both the Hugo Award and the Nebula Award.Kelly made his first fiction sale in 1975. He graduated magna cum laude from the University of Notre Dame in 1972, with a B.A. in English Literature. After graduating from college, he worked as a full-time proposal writer until 1977. He attended the Clarion Workshop twice, once in 1974 and again in 1976.
<Josué_Pesqueira>	Josué Filipe Soares Pesqueira (born 17 September 1990), known simply as Josué, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Polish club Legia Warsaw as an attacking midfielder.He spent most of his career attached to Porto, though was often loaned out, and also represented Paços de Ferreira and Braga in the Primeira Liga. Abroad, he played for four clubs in Turkey's Süper Lig, among them Bursaspor and Galatasaray.
<Michael_Maguire_(actor)>	Michael L. Maguire (born February 20, 1955) is a retired American actor, best known for his role as Enjolras in the original Broadway production of the musical Les Misérables. This role won him a Tony Award in 1987. It also won him a Drama Desk Award and a Theatre World Award. In 1995 he was chosen to reprise the role in Les Misérables: The Dream Cast in Concert at the Royal Albert Hall in London, produced to celebrate the musical's 10th anniversary. His voice type is baritone.Maguire was born in Newport News, Virginia, and, as a teenager, worked as a strolling troubadour in Williamsburg, Virginia, before going on to study opera at the Oberlin Conservatory and the University of Michigan. He worked as a stockbroker for several years before making his Broadway debut in 1987 with Les Misérables. He appeared in the films L.A. Pictures, Cadillac, Go Fish, The Deep End of the Ocean, Busted, and Where The Day Takes You, as well as in a variety of television shows.In 2008 he received a law degree from Southwestern Law School in Los Angeles.  He now practices family law in Beverly Hills.
<Happy_Baby>	Happy Baby is a 2004 novel by Stephen Elliott. The book was a finalist for the New York Public Library Young Lions Fiction Award.Theo is addicted to sadomasochism.  He insists on being hurt - whether by one he loves or by a professional dominatrix. Theo is a victim of the child welfare system.  Told in reverse chronological order, Happy Baby begins when 36-year-old Theo returns to Chicago after six years away, to visit an ex-girlfriend called Maria. He knows Maria from their years growing up together in a state institution, where Theo was sent aged thirteen after his abusive father was killed and his mother died from multiple sclerosis. Theo then drifts into relationships with women who are willing to abuse him.His need for pain stems from the brutal treatment he received as a child in state custody.  He recalls the memory of Mr. Gracie, a pedophile caseworker who regularly raped him when he was aged twelve but also protected him from the other boys. Elliott explores the psychology of child sexual abuse and physical abuse.
<Sacyr_Vallehermoso>	SACYR S.A. (Spanish pronunciation: [saˈθiɾ]) is a Spanish infrastructure operator and developer company based in Madrid.The company was founded in 1986 as Sociedad Anónima Caminos y Regadíos and was renamed Sacyr in 1991. The company received their first concession in 1996, which was the Chilean El Elquí highway. From this moment on, it began its expansion by adding concessions in Chile and Spain and making purchases such as that of Avasa, the highway between Bilbao and Zaragoza.In 2002 it acquired 24.5% of Vallehermoso, a leading Spanish housing business founded in 1921. In 2003 it merged with Vallehermoso to form Sacyr Vallehermoso.
<Ryan_Holiday>	Ryan Holiday (born June 16, 1987) is an American author, modern Stoic,public-relations strategist, owner of the Painted Porch Bookshop and host of the podcast The Daily Stoic. Prior to becoming an author, he served as the former director of marketing and eventually an advisor for American Apparel. Holiday's debut to writing was in 2012, when he published Trust Me, I'm Lying. Holiday's notable works include his books on Stoic philosophy, such as The Obstacle Is The Way, Ego is the Enemy, Stillness is the Key, Courage is Calling, and Lives of the Stoics.   Holiday began his professional career after dropping out of college at the age of 19. He attended University of California, Riverside, where he studied political science and creative writing. He consulted for author Tucker Max and, later, he worked with Robert Greene, author of The 48 Laws of Power, on Greene's 2009 New York Times bestselling book, The 50th Law. Holiday served as Director of Marketing for American Apparel and, later, as an adviser to the company. He left the company in October 2014. He has consulted on a number of media campaigns and written extensively on the topic of media manipulation.Holiday is the author of several books and has written for Forbes, Fast Company, The Huffington Post, The Columbia Journalism Review, The Guardian, Thought Catalog, Medium.com, New York Observer, The New York Times and Texas Monthly. Books he has authored have sold more than three million copies combined.
<The_Verificationist>	The Verificationist is a 2000 novel by American author Donald Antrim. The novel follows the conversations, fantasies, and the emotionally dissociated states of a group of psychoanalysts gathered during a nocturnal pancake supper.  The narrator’s predilection for starting food fights and instigating mayhem leads Bernhardt, the most grotesque and overbearing from among his colleagues, to hold him around his midsection almost for the duration of the novel while the narrator (named 'Tom') hallucinates himself hovering over the crowd.   The New York Times called it, "A Freudian free-for-all," and George Saunders hailed it as, "one of the most pleasure-giving, perverse, complicated, and addictive novels in the past 20 years," in his article for Salon, which later became the book's introduction.The Verificationist is set in early spring in an undisclosed New England city, at a pancake house where Tom—the novel's protagonist—has called together his fellow psychologists from the Krakower Institute for their biannual pancake supper.  The conversations amongst the psychotherapists at these biannual pancake dinners are generally dedicated to “the seemingly everlasting task of reconciling classical metapsychology to our particular branch of Self/Other Friction Theory.”    The narrative may be divided into three levels: what is happening in the diner, what is happening in Tom's "transient psychotic state", and what he imagines his wife, Jane, is doing at home.In the diner, the insecurities and neuroses of the psychotherapists in attendance are on display in their conversations, as interpreted by the relentlessly psychoanalyzing voice of the narrator.  Tom attempts to start a food-fight, and the "patriarchal" Bernhardt lifts him into air, gripping him in a bear-hug. When Berhardt lifts Tom into the air, Tom experiences a sudden dissociative state, in which he imagines himself floating along the ceiling of the restaurant. Tom remains in this suspended state for the remainder of the novel.
<Kidderminster_Harriers_F.C.>	Kidderminster Harriers Football Club is a professional association football club based in Kidderminster, Worcestershire, England. The team compete in the National League North, at the sixth tier of the English football league system. Formed in 1886, Kidderminster have spent their entire history at Aggborough Stadium. They have won the Worcestershire Senior Cup a record 27 times and are the only club from the county ever to have played in the English Football League.Founder members of the Birmingham & District League in 1889, they merged with Kidderminster Olympic the next year and entered the Midland League as Kidderminster F.C., though folded due to financial difficulties in March 1891. Kidderminster Harriers reverted to amateur status and rejoined the Birmingham & District League, though it would take until 1937–38 for them to claim their first league title, which they retained the following year. They joined the Southern League in 1948, though reverted to the Birmingham & District League in 1960. They won four further league titles: 1964–65, 1968–69, 1969–70 and 1970–71. Harriers switched to the Southern League Division One North in 1972 and were promoted to the Alliance Premier League at the end of the 1982–83 season.
<ACM_Fellow>	ACM Fellowship is an award and fellowship that recognises outstanding members of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM). The title of ACM Fellow indicates excellence, as evinced by technical, professional and leadership contributions that:At most 1% of the ACM membership may be elected as Fellows.New fellows are elected annually since 1993.
<Gaël_Kakuta>	Gaël Romeo Kakuta Mambenga (born 21 June 1991) is a professional footballer who plays as a winger for  Ligue 2 club Amiens and the DR Congo national team.A youth product of Lens, Kakuta moved to Chelsea in 2007 in a controversial transfer. Rarely used at Chelsea, he was loaned to six teams in five countries before leaving for Sevilla upon the expiration of his contract in 2015.
<Frederick_Terman>	Frederick Emmons Terman (/ˈtɜːrmən/; June 7, 1900 – December 19, 1982) was an American professor and academic administrator. He was the dean of the school of engineering from 1944 to 1958 and provost from 1955 to 1965 at Stanford University. He is widely credited (together with William Shockley) as being the father of Silicon Valley.Terman was born to Lewis Terman and Anna Belle Minton Terman on June 7, 1900, in Indiana, U.S. His father, Lewis Terman, a psychologist who studied gifted children and popularized the IQ test in America, was a professor at Stanford. His mother attended Central Normal College, Danville, Indiana, and taught English at a school nearby. In 1895 she met Lewis M. Terman at the school; the relationship ripened over the following years and they were married Sept. 15, 1899. They then followed Lewis' education at Indiana University and Clark University.At the age of 10, Terman came to Stanford when his father joined the psychology faculty. As a boy, his favorite hobby was ham radio.
<Agenzia_Giornalistica_Italia>	Agenzia Giornalistica Italia (AGI – Italian Journalistic Agency) is an Italian news agency. It is one of the main news agencies in the country.The Agenzia Giornalistica Italia was founded in 1950. The agency is based in Rome. In its initial phase it had a left-wing political stance. Then the agency became part of Ente Nazionale Idrocarburi (ENI) in 1960. The agency focuses on news about economics and industry.It has collaborations with the international news agencies, including Associated Press, Dow Jones and ITAR TASS. It launched cooperation with the Vietnam News Agency in June 2014. With Il Sole 24 Ore and China Radio International has launched AGI China 24, a Chinese news agency in Italian language, mainly for Italian entrepreneurs in China, translating also Xinhua articles and bulletins.[clarification needed]
<Yankee_Stadium_(1923)>	NYU Violets (NCAA) part-time, 1926–1948New York Yankees (AFL I / NFL) 1926–1928New York Yankees (AFL II) 1936–1937New York Yankees (AFL III) (1940)New York Americans (AFL III) (1941)New York Yankees (AAFC) (1946–1949)New York Yanks (NFL) (1950–1951)New York Giants (NFL) 1956–1973Gotham Bowl (NCAA) 1962The original Yankee Stadium was a stadium located in the Bronx in New York City. It was the home ballpark of the New York Yankees, one of the city's Major League Baseball franchises, from 1923 to 2008, except for 1974–1975 when the stadium was renovated. It hosted 6,581 Yankees regular season home games during its 85-year history. It was also the home of the New York Giants National Football League (NFL) team from 1956 through September 1973. The stadium's nickname, "The House That Ruth Built", is derived from Babe Ruth, the baseball superstar whose prime years coincided with the stadium's opening and the beginning of the Yankees' winning history. It has often been referred to as "The Cathedral of Baseball".
<Walter_Marks_(politician)>	Walter Moffitt Marks (6 June 1875 – 31 March 1951) was an Australian lawyer and politician. He served as a member of the House of Representatives from 1919 to 1931, representing the Division of Wentworth in New South Wales.Marks was born in Culwulla House, Jamberoo, New South Wales and educated at Sydney Grammar School.  He was admitted as a solicitor in 1902.  In September 1901 he married Florence Sandford.  As a result of an inheritance in 1912, he was able to partly finance the building of his chambers, the twelve-storey Culwulla Chambers in Castlereagh Street, Sydney, the tallest building in central Sydney until after World War II.  He won most major Australian yachting trophies in Culwulla I-IV, and participated in the trials of Sir Thomas Lipton's America's Cup challenger, Shamrock IV in 1914.  In World War I he joined the Royal Navy Volunteer Reserve and served as a lieutenant in the North Sea and English Channel, commanded a gunnery school in Wales and returned to Australia in 1918 to encourage military recruitment.
<Alfred_Molina>	Alfred Molina (born Alfredo Molina; 24 May 1953) is an British actor residing in America who is known for his work on the stage and screen. He first rose to prominence in the West End, earning a nomination for the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Newcomer in a Play for his performance in the production of Oklahoma! in 1980. He made his film debut as Satipo in Raiders of the Lost Ark and his Broadway debut as Yvan in a production of Art from 1998 to 1999. His other Broadway roles include Tevye in the musical Fiddler on the Roof from 2004 to 2005 and Mark Rothko in the play Red from 2009 to 2010.On screen, his best known roles include Kenneth Halliwell in Prick Up Your Ears (1987), Sayyed Bozorg Mahmoody in Not Without My Daughter, (1991), Mellersh Wilkins in Enchanted April (1992), Rahad Jackson in Boogie Nights (1997), Comte de Reynaud in Chocolat (2000), Diego Rivera in Frida (2002), Johann Tetzel in Luther (2003), Bishop Aringarosa in The Da Vinci Code (2006), Jack Mellor in An Education (2009), and George in Love Is Strange (2014). He has voiced characters in Rango (2011), Monsters University (2013), Ralph Breaks the Internet (2018), Frozen II (2019), and DC League of Super-Pets (2022). He is also known for his portrayal of Otto Octavius / Doctor Octopus in Sam Raimi's Spider-Man 2 (2004) and the Marvel Cinematic Universe film Spider-Man: No Way Home (2021).
<Glasgow_City_Council>	Glasgow City Council is the local government authority for the City of Glasgow, Scotland. It was created in 1996 under the Local Government etc. (Scotland) Act 1994, largely with the boundaries of the post-1975 City of Glasgow district of the Strathclyde region.The early city, a sub-regional capital of the old Lanarkshire county, was run by the old "Glasgow Town Council" based at the Tollbooth, Glasgow Cross. In 1895, the Town Council became "The Corporation of the City of Glasgow" ("Glasgow Corporation" or "City Corporation"), around the same time as its headquarters moved to the newly built Glasgow City Chambers in George Square.
<Saunders_Mac_Lane>	Saunders Mac Lane (4 August 1909 – 14 April 2005) was an American mathematician who co-founded category theory with Samuel Eilenberg.Mac Lane was born in Norwich, Connecticut, near where his family lived in Taftville. He was christened "Leslie Saunders MacLane", but "Leslie" fell into disuse because his parents, Donald MacLane and Winifred Saunders, came to dislike it. He began inserting a space into his surname because his first wife found it difficult to type the name without a space.He was the oldest of three brothers; one of his brothers, Gerald MacLane, also became a mathematics professor at Rice University and Purdue University. Another sister died as a baby. His father and grandfather were both ministers; his grandfather had been a Presbyterian, but was kicked out of the church for believing in evolution, and his father was a Congregationalist. His mother, Winifred, studied at Mount Holyoke College and taught English, Latin, and mathematics.In high school, Mac Lane's favorite subject was chemistry. While in high school, his father died, and he came under his grandfather's care. His half-uncle, a lawyer, was determined to send him to Yale University, where many of his relatives had been educated, and paid his way there beginning in 1926.As a freshman, he became disillusioned with chemistry. His mathematics instructor, Lester S. Hill, coached him for a local mathematics competition which he won, setting the direction for his future work. He went on to study mathematics and physics as a double major, taking courses from Jesse Beams, Ernest William Brown, Ernest Lawrence, F. S. C. Northrop, and Øystein Ore, among others. He graduated from Yale with a B.A. in 1930. During this period, he published his first scientific paper, in physics and co-authored with Irving Langmuir.
<University_of_Arizona>	Coordinates: 32°13′54″N 110°57′07″W﻿ / ﻿32.23167°N 110.95194°W﻿ / 32.23167; -110.95194The University of Arizona (Arizona, U of A, UArizona, or UA) is a public land-grant research university in Tucson, Arizona. Founded in 1885 by the 13th Arizona Territorial Legislature, it was the first university in the Arizona Territory.The university is part of the Association of American Universities and the Universities Research Association. In the former, it is the only member from the state of Arizona. The university is classified among "R1: Doctoral Universities – Very High Research Activity". The University of Arizona is one of three universities governed by the Arizona Board of Regents. As of 2021[update], the university enrolled 49,471 students in 19 separate colleges/schools, including the University of Arizona College of Medicine in Tucson and Phoenix and the James E. Rogers College of Law, and is affiliated with two academic medical centers (Banner – University Medical Center Tucson and Banner – University Medical Center Phoenix). In 2021, University of Arizona acquired Ashford University, a former for-profit college with more than 30,000 students and rebranded it as The University of Arizona Global Campus.
<Jim_Boeheim>	James Arthur Boeheim Jr. (/ˈbeɪhaɪm/ BAY-hyme; born November 17, 1944) is an American college basketball coach who is the head coach of the Syracuse Orange men's team of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC). Boeheim has guided the Orange to ten Big East Conference regular season championships, five Big East tournament championships, and 34 NCAA tournament appearances, including five Final Four appearances and three appearances in the national title game. In those games, the Orangemen lost to Indiana in 1987 on a last-second jump shot by Keith Smart, and to Kentucky in 1996, before defeating Kansas in 2003 with All-American Carmelo Anthony. Boeheim is currently the winningest active head coach in Division 1 Men's Basketball.Boeheim served as an assistant coach for the United States men's national basketball team at the 1990 FIBA World Championship, the 2006 FIBA World Championship, the 2008 Summer Olympics, the 2010 FIBA World Championship, the 2012 Summer Olympics, and the 2016 Summer Olympics. In addition, Boeheim has served as the chairman of the USA Basketball 2009–12 Men's Junior National Committee, as well as the 2007–08 President of the National Association of Basketball Coaches (NABC), where he currently serves on the board of directors. Boeheim was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame in September 2005.
<Berkeley,_California>	Berkeley (/ˈbɜːrkli/ BURK-lee) is a city on the eastern shore of San Francisco Bay in northern Alameda County, California, United States. It is named after the 18th-century Irish bishop and philosopher George Berkeley. It borders the cities of Oakland and Emeryville to the south and the city of Albany and the unincorporated community of Kensington to the north. Its eastern border with Contra Costa County generally follows the ridge of the Berkeley Hills. The 2020 census recorded a population of 124,321.Berkeley is home to the oldest campus in the University of California System, the University of California, Berkeley, and the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, which is managed and operated by the university. It also has the Graduate Theological Union, one of the largest religious studies institutions in the world. Berkeley is considered one of the most socially progressive cities in the United States.
<Georgia_Benkart>	Georgia McClure Benkart (December 30, 1947 – April 29, 2022) was an American mathematician who was known for her work in the structure and representation theory of Lie algebras and related algebraic structures.She published over 130 journal articles and co-authored three American Mathematical Society memoirs in four broad categories: modular Lie algebras; combinatorics of Lie algebra representations; graded algebras and superalgebras; and quantum groups and related structures.Benkart received her BS degree summa cum laude from the Ohio State University in 1970 and an MPhil in mathematics from  Yale University in 1973. She completed her doctoral work at Yale under Nathan Jacobson  and wrote a dissertation entitled Inner Ideals and the Structure of Lie Algebras. She was awarded a PhD in mathematics from the Yale University in 1974.
<OpenOffice.org>	OpenOffice.org (OOo), commonly known as OpenOffice, is a discontinued open-source office suite. Active successor projects include LibreOffice (the most actively developed), Apache OpenOffice, Collabora Online (enterprise ready LibreOffice) and NeoOffice (commercial, and available only for macOS).OpenOffice was an open-sourced version of the earlier StarOffice, which Sun Microsystems acquired in 1999 for internal use. Sun open-sourced the OpenOffice suite in July 2000 as a competitor to Microsoft Office, releasing version 1.0 on 1 May 2002.
<University_of_California,_Irvine>	The University of California, Irvine (UCI or UC Irvine) is a public land-grant research university in Irvine, California. One of the ten campuses of the University of California system, UCI offers 87 undergraduate degrees and 129 graduate and professional degrees, and roughly 30,000 undergraduates and 6,000 graduate students are enrolled at UCI as of Fall 2019. The university is classified among "R1: Doctoral Universities – Very high research activity", and had $436.6 million in research and development expenditures in 2018. UCI became a member of the Association of American Universities in 1996. The university was rated as one of the "Public Ivies” in 1985 and 2001 surveys comparing publicly funded universities the authors claimed provide an education comparable to the Ivy League.The university also administers the UC Irvine Medical Center, a large teaching hospital in Orange, and its affiliated health sciences system; the University of California, Irvine, Arboretum; and a portion of the University of California Natural Reserve System. UC Irvine set up the first Earth System Science Department in the United States.UC Irvine was one of three new UC campuses established in the 1960s to accommodate growing enrollments across the UC system. A site in Orange County was identified in 1959, and in the following year the Irvine Company sold the University of California 1,000 acres (400 ha) of land for one dollar to establish the new campus. President Lyndon B. Johnson dedicated the campus in 1964, a fact commemorated with the delivery of a commencement speech by President Barack Obama fifty years later.
<Princess_Alexandra_of_Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg>	Princess Alexandra of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg, Countess Ahlefeldt-Laurvig-Bille (Alexandra Rosemarie Ingrid Benedikte; born 20 November 1970), is the first daughter and second of three children of Prince Richard of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg and Princess Benedikte of Denmark.Under the succession rules set by King Frederik IX, since Princess Benedikte and her children, including Princess Alexandra, have not taken up permanent residence in Denmark, they have effectively waived their place in the line of succession to the Danish throne. Since 19 May 1998, Alexandra has been a Danish citizen.Alexandra was married on 6 June 1998 at Gråsten Palace to Count Jefferson von Pfeil und Klein-Ellguth. Jefferson and Alexandra are distantly related, as both have descended from Leopold III, Duke of Anhalt-Dessau. The couple has two children:The family lived in Paris, where Count Jefferson was a managing director of the local branch of the bank Sal. Oppenheim and where she worked at UNESCO's World Heritage Centre.  Beginning in 2013, the couple lived in Heidesheim Castle, Germany, near Mainz.  The couple announced their intention to divorce in May 2017.
<Jayne_Atkinson>	Jayne Atkinson (born 18 February 1959) is a British-American actress. She is best known for the role of Karen Hayes on 24, as well as her Tony Award–nominated roles in The Rainmaker and Enchanted April. She has also appeared in the CBS drama Criminal Minds as BAU Section Chief Erin Strauss, the CBS drama Madam Secretary as United States Vice President Teresa Hurst, and in the Netflix political drama House of Cards as U.S. Secretary of State Catherine Durant.Atkinson was born on 18 February 1959 in Bournemouth, England. Her family moved to the United States in 1968 when she was 9 years old. She grew up in North Miami Beach, Florida, and graduated from Pine Crest School, where she was elected Homecoming Queen in 1977. She attended Northwestern University (BS Communications, 1981), where she was initiated as a member of Alpha Chi Omega and a sorority sister of Laura Innes; and graduated with an MFA from the Yale Drama School in 1985.
<Phnom_Bok>	Phnom Bok (Khmer: ភ្នំបូក) is a hill in the northeast of Eastern Baray in Cambodia, with a prasat (temple) (Khmer: ប្រាសាទភ្នំបូក) of the same name built on it. It is one of the "trilogies of mountains", each of which has a temple with similar layout. The creation of the temple is credited to the reign of Yasovarman I (889–910) between 9th and 10th centuries; established after he moved his capital to Angkor and named it Yasodharapura. The two other sister temples, named after the contiguous hills, are the Phnom Bakheng and Phnom Krom.The site of the three hills was chosen by Yashovarman I along with the Eastern Baray (where only the base of the central shrine is surviving). In the 10th century, these shrines had high religious value during the Angkorian rule. The temples called as part of an "architectural triad" brought about an element of experimentation in architectural style in the Angkorian period. From the astronomical references planned for three temples, out of the four noted alignments three, namely, equinox and winter and Solar Solstices could be observed from inside the western entrance of Phnom Bok hill temple, which is also known for the triple sanctuary dedicated to the Trimurti.Phnom Bok is the third natural hill site.  Its elevation is 221 metres (725 ft). The hill is about 25 kilometres (16 mi) northeast of Siem Reap. It is approached from the road to Banteay Srei. An eastbound road leads to Banteay Samré for another 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) from whence the hill is approached through 635 wide steps leading to the top where the Phnom Bok temple is situated. From the top of this mountain, though the temple is seen mostly in ruins, the panoramic vistas seen all round are of the Tonlé Sap Lake, the Phnom Kulen to the north and vast plains of rice fields to the south.Like Phnom Krom, Phnom Bok consists of sandstone which has a relatively high magnetic susceptibility.
<Summit,_New_Jersey>	Summit is a city in Union County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey. The city is located on a ridge in northern-central New Jersey, within the Raritan Valley and Rahway Valley regions in the New York metropolitan area. At the 2010 United States census, the city's population was 21,457, reflecting an increase of 326 (+1.5%) from the 21,131 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 1,374 (+7.0%) from the 19,757 counted in the 1990 Census.Originally incorporated as Summit Township by an act of the New Jersey Legislature on March 23, 1869, from portions of New Providence Township (now Berkeley Heights) and Springfield Township, Summit was reincorporated as a city on March 8, 1899.
<William_Howard_Taft>	William Howard Taft (September 15, 1857 – March 8, 1930) was the 27th president of the United States (1909–1913) and the tenth chief justice of the United States (1921–1930), the only person to have held both offices. Taft was elected president in 1908, the chosen successor of Theodore Roosevelt, but was defeated for reelection in 1912 by Woodrow Wilson after Roosevelt split the Republican vote by running as a third-party candidate. In 1921, President Warren G. Harding appointed Taft to be chief justice, a position he held until a month before his death.Taft was born in Cincinnati, Ohio, in 1857. His father, Alphonso Taft, was a U.S. attorney general and secretary of war. Taft attended Yale and joined the Skull and Bones, of which his father was a founding member. After becoming a lawyer, Taft was appointed a judge while still in his twenties. He continued a rapid rise, being named solicitor general and a judge of the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals. In 1901, President William McKinley appointed Taft civilian governor of the Philippines. In 1904, Roosevelt made him Secretary of War, and he became Roosevelt's hand-picked successor. Despite his personal ambition to become chief justice, Taft declined repeated offers of appointment to the Supreme Court of the United States, believing his political work to be more important.
<Allan_MacDonald_(Australian_politician)>	Alan McDonald, Alan MacDonald, Allan McDonald, Allan MacDonald, Allen McDonald or Allen MacDonald may refer to:
<Wetherby_(York_Road)_railway_station>	Wetherby railway station was a station serving the town of Wetherby in West Yorkshire, England. It was first built on the York and North Midland Railway Company's Harrogate to Church Fenton Line and the station was situated on York Road. The Goods Shed remains and is situated off York Road and is now a dance venue.The Harrogate to Church Fenton Line was augmented by the Cross Gates to Wetherby Line, which was opened on 1 May 1876.
<Horst_Sindermann>	Horst Sindermann (German pronunciation: [ˈhɔʁst ˈzɪndɐman]; 5 September 1915 – 20 April 1990) was a Communist German politician and one of the leaders of East Germany. He became Chairman of the Council of Ministers in 1973, but in 1976 he became President of the Volkskammer, the only member of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany to hold the post.Sindermann was born in a traditional family in Dresden as the son of the Saxon Social Democratic politician Karl Sindermann. His older brother, Kurt Sindermann, also entered politics as a member of the Communist Party and sat on the Saxon state parliament from 1929 to 1933.
<Katherine_Kessey>	Katherine Glyn Kessey (born 28 January 1946) is an Australian actress. She is the widow of British actor Bill Treacher. Their son Jamie Treacher is also an actor. She was born in Perth, Western Australia, with her father, Gwilym Kessey, having played cricket for Western Australia. She made her television debut in 1966 as a twin daughter in Nelson: A Study in Miniature with her twin sister, Karen Kessey, playing the other twin daughter. They also appeared in the Australian TV play All Fall Down.
<Atanas_Semerdzhiev>	Atanas Georgiev Semerdzhiev (21 May 1924 – 8 May 2015) was a Bulgarian senior colonel, statesman and politician.He was a veteran of World War II, as he participated in the Partisan Movement in Bulgaria during 1942-1944. During the same period he became the commander of the Chepinets Partisan Brigade, as he fought against the Tsardom of Bulgaria and Nazi Germany. He is the longest-serving Chief of the General Staff of the BNA (1962 – 1989), first deputy minister of defence (1966 – 1989), member of the Central Committee of the BKP (1962 – 1990) and the Supreme Council of the Bulgarian Socialist Party (1990 – 1992), Minister of Interior (1989 – 1990), first Vice President of Bulgaria (1990 – 1992) elected by the National Assembly. People's representative in the VII Supreme Court and V-IX Supreme Court. He is the author of memoirs and military-theoretical works.Atanas Semerdzhiev was born on May 21, 1924 in the village of Ladzhene, today a district of Velingrad. He comes from a poor clerical family. His father was a servant, a member of the BRP (k.) after September 9, 1944, and his mother was a housewife, also a member of the BRP (k.). He studied at the Pazardzhik High School, where he has been an active member of the Workers' Youth Union (RMS) since 1939. He has an incomplete general - secondary real education.
<João_Duarte_Pereira>	João Duarte Vieira Pereira (born 10 May 1990) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for S.C.U. Torreense as a central defender.Born in Cartaxo, Santarém District, Pereira started playing football in 2001 at Sport Lisboa e Cartaxo, a subsidiary club of S.L. Benfica. He represented the former for three years, until he was called up by the latter to finish his development.
<Oscar_Kuipers>	Oscar Paul Kuipers (Rotterdam, May 12, 1956) is a Dutch professor of molecular genetics at the University of Groningen. His areas of expertise include microbiology, biochemistry, molecular and cell biology, and biotechnology.The research of Kuipers and his research group is focused on curiosity driven research with a keen eye on biotechnological applications. Kuipers has so far supervised 21 postdoctoral researchers and 35 PhD students in their doctorate research. At the moment (October 2015) he supervises 18 PhD students and 7 postdoctoral researchers. He has been invited more than 180 times to national and international conferences, seminars and congresses to give a lecture.An important topic of research is the study of the genetics and physiology of bacteria. Among others, the cellular differentiation of bacteria is investigated. Bacteria growing in a culture can develop different characteristics, while their genome remains unchanged. Kuipers stated: ‘Our research has many applications, for example the improvement of protein production in industrial fermentation'.Another important subject is the production and modification of peptides. These modified peptides (called lantibiotics), are made by bacteria, and can serve as antibiotic. Modified peptides are chemically more stable and retain their function longer than unmodified peptides. This is beneficial for medical applications as a novel class of antibiotics.Further areas of focus are the molecular biology of: competence, sporulation and bistability in Bacillus subtilis, the reconstruction of gene networks, antimicrobial peptides, antibiotics, mechanisms of pathogenesis, cell wall anchoring, controlled gene expression systems, the subcellular localization of protein, stress response, quorum sensing, regulation of the C- and N-metabolism, natural gene transfer methodologies, plant-biocontrol by Bacilli and Biotechnology applications.
<Florence_Augusta_Merriam_Bailey>	Florence Augusta Merriam Bailey (August 8, 1863 – September 22, 1948) was an American ornithologist, birdwatcher, and nature writer. Between 1890 and 1939, she published a series of field guides on North American bird life. These guides were often written with amateur birdwatchers in mind, leading to the popularity of the birding movement.With little formal education as a child, Merriam developed an interest in the natural sciences from her explorations of the Adirondack Mountains, near where she grew up, and the scientific interests of her family members, including her older brother Clinton Hart Merriam. Her nature writing and activism started at Smith College in 1882, where she was enrolled as a special student. She was later awarded a degree at age 58, due to her subsequent activism and writing. While there, she and Fannie Hardy Eckstrom created a chapter of the Audubon Society to educate their classmates on ornithology and dissuade them from wearing hats with feathers. By the time Merriam left Smith in 1886, one-third of the student body was involved in the Society. 
<Gaetano_Quagliariello>	Gaetano Quagliariello (born 23 April 1960) is an Italian politician, former Minister of Constitutional Reforms and current leader of Identity and Action party.Toti was born in Naples in 1960. During the University he was a member of the youth wing of the Italian Republican Party. In 1980s he became a member of the Radical Party led by Marco Pannella.
<Des_Moines,_Iowa>	Des Moines (/dəˈmɔɪn/ (listen)) is the capital and the most populous city in the U.S. state of Iowa. It is also the county seat of Polk County. A small part of the city extends into Warren County. It was incorporated on September 22, 1851, as Fort Des Moines, which was shortened to "Des Moines" in 1857. It is located on, and named after, the Des Moines River, which likely was adapted from the early French name, Rivière des Moines, meaning "River of the Monks". The city's population was 214,133 as of the 2020 census. The six-county metropolitan area is ranked 83rd in terms of population in the United States with 699,292 residents according to the 2019 estimate by the United States Census Bureau, and is the largest metropolitan area fully located within the state.Des Moines is a major center of the US insurance industry and has a sizable financial services and publishing business base. The city was credited as the "number one spot for U.S. insurance companies" in a Business Wire article and named the third-largest "insurance capital" of the world. The city is the headquarters for the Principal Financial Group, Ruan Transportation, TMC Transportation, EMC Insurance Companies, and Wellmark Blue Cross Blue Shield. Other major corporations such as Wells Fargo, Cognizant, Voya Financial, Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company, ACE Limited, Marsh, Monsanto, and Corteva have large operations in or near the metropolitan area. In recent years, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, and Facebook have built data-processing and logistical facilities in the Des Moines area.
<Barbara_Sukowa>	Barbara Sukowa (German: [ˈbaʁ.ba.ʁa ˈzu.kɔ.va] (listen); born 2 February 1950) is a German actress of screen and stage and singer. She has received three German Film Awards for Best Actress, three Bavarian Film Awards, Cannes Film Festival Award for Best Actress, Venice Film Festival Award, and well as nomination for European Film Awards, César Awards and Grammy Awards.Sukowa is best known for her work with directors Rainer Werner Fassbinder and Margarethe von Trotta. She rose to prominence after starring in the West German miniseries Berlin Alexanderplatz directed by Fassbinder, and the following year went to star in his drama film Lola, for which she received her first German Film Award for Best Actress. Also in 1981, Sukowa starred in Marianne and Juliane directed by Margarethe von Trotta.  They would go on to work on six more films together. For her performance, she also received German Film Award and Venice Film Festival Award for Best Actress. In 1986, she won the Cannes Film Festival Award for Best Actress for performance in the drama film Rosa Luxemburg.In 1990s, Sukowa starred in a number of international films, most notable, Europa (1991) directed by Lars von Trier, Voyager (1991) by Volker Schlöndorff, M. Butterfly by David Cronenberg, and Johnny Mnemonic (1995) by Robert Longo. In later career, she played Hildegard of Bingen in 2009 drama film Vision, and Hannah Arendt in the biographical film Hannah Arendt (2012). In 2019, she starred in French drama film Two of Us, for which she received Lumières Award for Best Actress and César Award for Best Actress nomination.
<Classic_Rock_96FM_(Hawkes_Bay)>	Classic Rock 96FM was a radio station in Hawke's Bay, New Zealand that broadcast several different formats and eventually became part of the ZM network, operated by New Zealand Media and Entertainment from 1977 to 1988.The station was started by Radio New Zealand in 1977 as Apple Radio broadcasting on 730AM. The station was also used to broadcast the Concert Programme into the Hawkes Bay market outside of regular broadcast hours which originally ended at 5pm and later extended to 7pm.
<Look_Me_in_the_Eye>	Look Me in the Eye: My Life with Asperger's is a New York Times bestselling book by John Elder Robison, chronicling the author's life with Asperger syndrome and tough times growing up.Published in 2007 on the Crown imprint of Random House, Look Me in the Eye describes how Robison grew up as a misfit in the 1960s, at a time when the Asperger syndrome diagnosis did not exist in the United States.  The book describes how Robison learns to fit in, without actually knowing why he was different. His situation was made even more complicated at times by his neglectful and abusive father and a somewhat crazed mother. After dropping out of school, he had a sudden fascination with sound engineering and electronics. His strong interest led to unusual career choices, including time with Pink Floyd's sound company, making special effects for the band Kiss, designing electronic games and toys for Microvision, and starting his own business repairing and restoring expensive cars.  Robison finally learned about Asperger syndrome in 1996, at age 39, and his life was transformed by the knowledge. He was first introduced to the public in his brother Augusten Burroughs' memoir Running with Scissors.  He wrote Look Me in the Eye as his perspective of the family and his life in 2006, after the death of his father.Look Me in the Eye was originally published in hardcover by the Crown imprint of Random House in the United States. The book is also available as a Random House Audiobook, with the abridged version narrated by Robison himself. The paperback was published by Three Rivers Press in September 2008. Look Me in the Eye was also published and distributed by Random House in Canada, Australia and New Zealand. The United Kingdom edition is available from Ebury Books.
<Peter_D._Mitchell>	Peter Dennis Mitchell, FRS (29 September 1920 – 10 April 1992) was a British biochemist who was awarded the 1978 Nobel Prize for Chemistry for his discovery of the chemiosmotic mechanism of ATP synthesis.Mitchell was born in Mitcham, Surrey on 29 September 1920. His parents were Christopher Gibbs Mitchell, a civil servant, and Kate Beatrice Dorothy (née) Taplin. His uncle was Sir Godfrey Way Mitchell, chairman of George Wimpey. He was educated at Queen's College, Taunton and Jesus College, Cambridge where he studied the Natural Sciences Tripos specialising in Biochemistry.
<Charles_Sturt_University>	Charles Sturt University is an Australian multi-campus public university located in New South Wales, Australian Capital Territory and Victoria. Established in 1989, it was named in honour of Captain Charles Napier Sturt, a British explorer who made expeditions into regional New South Wales and South Australia.Charles Sturt offers undergraduate, postgraduate, higher degrees by research and single subject study. It also has course delivery partnerships with several TAFE institutions across Australia, including with the New South Wales Police Force.
<Kip_Thorne>	Kip Stephen Thorne (born June 1, 1940) is an American theoretical physicist known for his contributions in gravitational physics and astrophysics. A longtime friend and colleague of Stephen Hawking and Carl Sagan, he was the Richard P. Feynman Professor of Theoretical Physics at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech) until 2009 and is one of the world's leading experts on the astrophysical implications of Einstein's general theory of relativity. He continues to do scientific research and scientific consulting,  most notably for the Christopher Nolan film Interstellar. Thorne was awarded the 2017 Nobel Prize in Physics along with Rainer Weiss and Barry C. Barish "for decisive contributions to the LIGO detector and the observation of gravitational waves".Thorne was born on June 1, 1940, in Logan, Utah.[citation needed] His father, D. Wynne Thorne (1908–1979), was a professor of soil chemistry at Utah State University, and his mother, Alison (née Comish; 1914–2004), was an economist and the first woman to receive a PhD in economics from Iowa State College. Raised in an academic environment, two of his four siblings also became professors. Thorne's parents were members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) and raised Thorne in the LDS faith, though he now describes himself as atheist.  Regarding his views on science and religion, Thorne has stated: "There are large numbers of my finest colleagues who are quite devout and believe in God .... There is no fundamental incompatibility between science and religion.  I happen to not believe in God."
<Kalpana_Kartik>	Mona Singha (born 19 August 1931), also known by her stage name Kalpana Kartik, is a retired Hindi film actress. She starred in six films in the 1950s. She is the widow of the late Hindi film actor and film maker Dev Anand.Mona Singha was a beauty queen while studying at St. Bede's College, Shimla. She was introduced to films by Chetan Anand of Navketan Films with the film Baazi in 1951. She co-starred with Dev Anand, whom she worked with in all her subsequent films. Her screen name – Kalpana Kartik – was given to her by Chetan Anand during this period.Her other films were Aandhiyan (1952), Humsafar (1953), Taxi Driver (1954), House No. 44 (1954) and Nau Do Gyarah (1957).
<The_Foundling_Boy>	The Foundling Boy is a 1975 novel by the French writer Michel Déon. The original French title is Le jeune homme vert, which means "the green young man". It tells the story of a boy who is found at the doorstep of a childless couple in 1919, and follows the naive boy through his education and travels during the interwar period.The book was published in English in 2013, translated by Julian Evans. It was followed by the sequel The Foundling's War in 1977. It was the basis for a French television series starring Philippe Deplanche, which ran in six episodes on Antenne 2 from 29 June 1979.Anthony Cummins wrote for The Spectator in 2014: "There's an infectious, near-magical sense that anything might happen in this novel. ... There’s a nod to Flaubert's Sentimental Education and more than a shade of Alain-Fournier's Le Grand Meaulnes as Jean grows up, mired in longing, uninterested in the political upheavals that Déon notes assiduously. ... [Déon's] novel leaves you feeling better about life, not worse, which might be part of why it hasn't previously been translated." The same year, Diane Johnson of The New York Times compared the novel to Tom Jones by Henry Fielding: "As with all such accounts, this one appeals to our inner orphan, the sense we have that we are alone and have a lot to learn. Also like Tom Jones, it's funny. ... If it seems strange for Déon, writing in the mid-70s, to resurrect Fielding, his impulse might have had something to do with the political situation at the time, still roiled by the aftermath of the civil unrest of 1968. As we read Tom Jones, we are more or less ignorant of or indifferent to the political climate of Tom's and Fielding's times — Jacobite rebellions in 18th-century England — but the world of France in 1975, like the world of the novel between the wars, was marked by the longstanding right-left divisions that had been apparent since the Dreyfus Affair of the 1890s."
<Fernando_Alexandre>	Fernando José Ribeiro Alexandre (born 2 August 1985) is a Portuguese former professional footballer who played mainly as a defensive midfielder.Born in Lourinhã, Lisbon District, Alexandre started his professional career with S.L. Benfica, but could never make any official appearances for the first team. From 2004 to 2006 he played with the club's reserves (soon to be extinct) and in the second division, with Lisbon neighbours C.D. Olivais e Moscavide.After one season in the third tier with C.D. Mafra – also in the region – Alexandre moved to C.F. Estrela da Amadora, again in the capital but now in the Primeira Liga. He was an essential figure in midfield, as the side finished in a comfortable mid-table position in spite of serious financial difficulties.
<Jack_Duncan-Hughes>	John Grant "Jack" Duncan-Hughes MC  (1 September 1882 – 13 August 1962) was an Australian politician. He was a member of the Australian House of Representatives for Boothby from 1922 to 1928, of the Australian Senate for South Australia from 1932 to 1938, and of the House of Representatives for Wakefield from 1940 to 1943. He represented the Nationalist Party (1922–28) and its successor the United Australia Party (1932–38, 1940–43).Duncan-Hughes was born at "Hughes Park" near Watervale, South Australia, the son of colonial and state politician Sir John Duncan; his surname was changed to Duncan-Hughes as a child in honour of his great-uncle Sir Walter Watson Hughes. He was educated at St Peters College in Adelaide and Cheltenham College in England and then Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts (1905), Bachelor of Laws (1906) and Master of Arts (1910). He was admitted to the Bar at the Inner Temple in London in January 1907 and upon returning to Australia was admitted to the South Australian Bar in December 1908. He practised as a solicitor in Adelaide from 1909 until 1914 in partnership with a colleague as Jessop and Duncan Hughes. He was a director of the Wallaroo and Moonta Company and was a member of the state council of  the Boy Scouts Association.
<Kristen_Pazik>	Kristen Pazik  (born 11 August 1978) is an American and British model.Pazik married Ukrainian footballer Andriy Shevchenko in July 2004. The couple have four sons, Jordan, Christian, Olexandr and Rider. She, unlike her husband, who is Ukrainian Orthodox, is a Catholic.
<Van_Horn_Hotel>	The Van Horn Hotel on N. 3rd St. in Bismarck, North Dakota, United States, was designed by architect Arthur W. Van Horn.  It was built in 1916.  It has also been known as the Prince Hotel.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.Notables who have stayed there include Shirley Temple, Eleanor Roosevelt, General George C. Marshall, and Roy Rogers and Dale Evans.
<Betty_Warren_(artist)>	Betty Warren Herzog (January 6, 1920 – November 8, 1993) was an American portrait artist.  She was known for her bright colorist portraits and was one of the top paid female portraitists of the 20th century. Her last formal portrait was of Governor Hugh Carey for the State of New York in 1991.Warren was born in New York City.  She was the daughter of illustrator Jack A. Warren, the co-creator of Pecos Bill.[clarification needed]At the age of 16, her father convinced her to become an artist like him.  She studied art with her father, as well as Henry Hensche in Provincetown, and at the National Academy of Design. Hensche painted a portrait of Warren as a young woman.
<Jesús_Cabrero>	Jesús Cabrero Mora (born 28 July 1981 in La Sotonera, Aragon) is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
<Noriko's_Dinner_Table>	Noriko's Dinner Table (Japanese: 紀子の食卓, Hepburn: Noriko no Shokutaku) is a 2005 Japanese psychological horror film, and a sequel to the independent horror film Suicide Club (2002), written and directed by Sion Sono.Suicide Club concerns the mass suicide of 54 schoolgirls and how it leads the law to a shadowy cult. Noriko's Dinner Table takes place before, during, and after the previous installment's timeline as an attempt to resolve several questions left unanswered.Noriko's Dinner Table explores various issues including the generation gap in modern families, the malleability of personal identity, social alienation, suicide, and the use of the Internet.
<Albert_Pujols>	José Alberto Pujols Alcántara (Spanish pronunciation: [puˈxols]) (Catalan pronunciation: [puˈʒɔls]); born January 16, 1980) is a Dominican-American former professional baseball first baseman, designated hitter and third baseman who played 22 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB). Nicknamed "The Machine", or "La Máquina" in Spanish, Pujols played his first 11 seasons for the St. Louis Cardinals, then played for the Los Angeles Angels for more than nine seasons before joining the Los Angeles Dodgers for half a season. He returned to the Cardinals in 2022 for his final season.Pujols was a highly regarded hitter who long showed a "combination of contact hitting ability, patience, and raw power." He was the National League (NL) Most Valuable Player (MVP) in 2005, 2008, and 2009 and is an 11-time All-Star (2001, 2003–2010, 2015, 2022). He is a six-time Silver Slugger who has twice led the NL in home runs, and he has also led the NL once each in batting average, doubles, and runs batted in (RBIs). In 2018, Pujols collected his 3,000th career hit, becoming the 32nd MLB player to reach that milestone. During the 2022 season, Pujols moved into second place on MLB's all-time list of most career RBIs and total bases and became the fourth player with 700 career home runs. At the end of the season he was also the major league career leader in double plays grounded into (426), 3rd in sacrifice flies (123), 5th in games played (3,080) and doubles (686), and 6th in at bats (11,421). He won two Gold Glove awards at first base.Pujols was raised in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, mostly by his grandmother, America Pujols, and 10 of his uncles and aunts. He was an only child. His father, Bienvenido Pujols, was a softball pitcher who struggled with alcoholism. Pujols often had to take his father home when his father got drunk following games. Growing up, Pujols practiced baseball using limes for balls and a milk carton for a glove. Pujols, his father, and his grandmother immigrated in 1996 to Washington Heights in New York City, where Pujols witnessed a shooting at a bodega. Partly because of the shooting, they moved two months later to Independence, Missouri, to join some relatives.
<White_Water_Bay_(Oklahoma)>	Six Flags Hurricane Harbor Oklahoma City (often shortened to Hurricane Harbor OKC) is a water theme park in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma built in 1981. Built by the Herschend Family Entertainment Corporation and originally known as White Water, the water park was picked up by Premier Parks (then known as Tierco) in 1991 and its name was changed to White Water Bay. Both White Water Bay and the nearby theme park Frontier City were sold again in a seven park package by Six Flags on January 11, 2007, for $312 million. White Water Bay is currently owned by EPR Properties and operated by Six Flags Entertainment Corporation. The park was renamed to Six Flags Hurricane Harbor Oklahoma City in 2020.Below is a list of the names of the rides on opening day, and what they are currently named.There was also a miniature golf area present in the Northwest corner of the park.
<Gray_Gables>	Gray Gables was an estate in Bourne, Massachusetts, owned by President Grover Cleveland that served as his Summer White House from 1893 to 1896. It was later converted into the Gray Gables Ocean House hotel, which burned down in 1973.Gray Gables was built in 1880 and was named Tudor Haven by its first owners. Grover Cleveland purchased the house for $20,000 in 1890 (equivalent to $540,000 in 2020), renovating it and renaming it Gray Gables. The property at the time consisted of 110 acres (45 ha), 1.5 miles (2.4 km) of beachfront on Buzzards Bay, the main house, and a hunting lodge. He had initially tried to purchase Harbor Lane, a home in Marion, Massachusetts where he had spent his previous four summers, but decided not to after the owners raised the price.In 1892, Cleveland ran for what would be his second term as president, and an electric telegraph was installed in the house so he could follow the Democratic National Convention in Chicago. That fall, he won the election, and Gray Gables served as his Summer White House from 1893 to 1896. In 1892, the small Gray Gables Railroad Station was built nearby on the Old Colony Railroad to provide easy transportation to Washington, D.C. A dock was also constructed next to the house to accommodate a Navy gunboat.
<Chai_Yee_Wei>	Chai Yee Wei (Chinese: 蔡于位; pinyin: Cài Yúweì; born 21 June 1976), is a Singaporean film director, writer and producer. He is also the founder of Mocha Chai Laboratories and A Little Seed, an authorised Apple iTunes aggregator. He also founded production company Hot Cider Films, Japanese curry specialty restaurant Curry Favor, as well as an IT company and wedding photography businesses.Chai's debut feature film Blood Ties, which premiered on 10 September 2009, was funded under the Singapore Film Commission's New Feature Film Fund. Chai had also made countless comedy shorts, such as Loser, Lau Sai (Diarrhoea) and My Blue Heaven, amongst others.Twisted, released in Malaysia in 2011, is Chai's second feature film. It won "Best Feature" at the 2012 Detroit Nightmare Film Festival and was selected for the 2012 Rhode Island International Horror Film Festival, 2012 Grimm Up North International Horror Film Festival, and 2012 Focus on Asia Fukuoka International Film Festival. 
<Vellimoonga>	Vellimoonga (transl. Barn Owl) is a 2014 Indian Malayalam-language political satire film directed by Jibu Jacob and written by Joji Thomas. It stars Biju Menon in the lead role with Aju Varghese, Nikki Galrani, Tini Tom, K. P. A. C. Lalitha, Sasi Kalinga, Saju Navodaya, Kalabhavan Shajon, Veena Nair, and Siddique in supporting roles. Asif Ali appears in a cameo role. The music was composed by Bijibal.The film was released on 25 September 2014 in 60 centres across Kerala. The film became one of the highest-grossing Malayalam films of 2014, with ticket sales estimated at ₹20 crore (US$2.5 million). The movie was remade in Tamil in 2016 as Muthina Kathirika.
<Vera_Fusek>	Vera Fusek (born Vera Vuseck, 20 May 1932 – 8 August 2021) was a Czechoslovak-born British actress.Fusek was born in Prague and attended a Swiss finishing school from around 1946. In 1948, her family left Czechoslovakia and settled in Great Britain. After graduating from RADA, she travelled to New York City in 1955 hoping to work on Broadway, but her period in American theatre was brief and she returned to London.She was known for her work in films such as Treasures of the Snow (1980) and The Great Van Robbery (1959). She also appeared on many TV shows such as Doctor Who including Frontier in Space.
<The_Art_Fair>	The Art Fair is a 1996 novel by American author David Lipsky. It revolves around the New York City Art world, and a painter and her son making their way through that world.The Art Fair tells the story of Richard and Joan Freely—a New York artist and her precocious son. Considered to be autobiographical by some critics, the novel narrates stories of "painters, critics and gallery dealers." The book's genesis is Lipsky's collection of stories Three Thousand Dollars, which The Los Angeles Times wrote contains "astonishing insights into the machinations of the New York art world."The novel was warmly received by critics. The New York Times called the book "riveting," The New Yorker described it "a darkly comic love story," People noted, "Lipsky's portrayal of the art world is unblinking, his portrayal of the ties between parent and child deeply affecting"; the critic Francine Prose in Newsday called the book's "Darwinian" milieu a "testament to Lipsky's skill" and critic James Atlas wrote "the novel perfectly captures artists and dealers, the tiny gestures of cruelty that confirm or withhold status." In Newsweek, writer David Gates called it, "A knowing art scene roman a clef, a wry comedy of manners, a delicately handled mother-son love story", and The Los Angeles Times wrote the novel "expertly explores the deep, inexplicable bond between mother and son. It also is rich in the luminous joys and dark pains that color every family." The trade publication Library Journal summarized, "The praise has poured as thick as impasto."
<Beijing>	Beijing (/beɪˈdʒɪŋ/ bay-JING; Chinese: 北京; pinyin: Běijīng; Mandarin pronunciation: [pèɪ.tɕíŋ] (listen)), alternatively romanized as Peking (/piːˈkɪŋ/ pee-KING), is the capital of the People's Republic of China. It is the center of power and development of the country. Beijing is the world's most populous national capital city, with over 21 million residents. It has an administrative area of 16,410.5 km2 (6,336.1 sq mi), the third in the country after Guangzhou and Shanghai. It is located in Northern China, and is governed as a municipality under the direct administration of the State Council with 16 urban, suburban, and rural districts. Beijing is mostly surrounded by Hebei Province with the exception of neighboring Tianjin to the southeast; together, the three divisions form the Jingjinji megalopolis and the national capital region of China.Beijing is a global city and one of the world's leading centres for culture, diplomacy, politics, finance, business and economics, education, research, language, tourism, media, sport, science and technology and transportation. As a megacity, Beijing is the second largest Chinese city by urban population after Shanghai. It is home to the headquarters of most of China's largest state-owned companies and houses the largest number of Fortune Global 500 companies in the world, as well as the world's four biggest financial institutions by total assets. It is also a major hub for the national highway, expressway, railway, and high-speed rail networks. The Beijing Capital International Airport has been the second busiest in the world by passenger traffic (Asia's busiest) since 2010, and, as of 2016[update], the city's subway network is the busiest and longest in the world. The Beijing Daxing International Airport, a second international airport in Beijing, is the largest single-structure airport terminal in the world.
<Journey_of_Hope_(film)>	Journey of Hope (German: Reise der Hoffnung; Turkish: Umuda yolculuk) is a 1990 film directed by Xavier Koller. It tells the story of a Turkish Alevi family trying to illegally emigrate to Switzerland, a country they know only from a postcard. The film is a co-production between companies in Switzerland, Turkey and the United Kingdom.The film won the 1990 Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. The film was submitted to the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (Los Angeles, USA) by the Swiss Government, resulting in the second Oscar win ever for Switzerland.
<Tinkers_(novel)>	Tinkers (2009) is the first novel by American author, Paul Harding. The novel tells the stories of George Washington Crosby, an elderly clock repairman, and of his father, Howard. On his deathbed, George remembers his father, who was a tinker selling household goods from a donkey-drawn cart and who struggled with epilepsy. The novel was published by Bellevue Literary Press, a sister organization of the Bellevue Literary Review.Tinkers won the 2010 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction, and other awards and honors. The Pulitzer board called the novel "a powerful celebration of life in which a New England father and son, through suffering and joy, transcend their imprisoning lives and offer new ways of perceiving the world and mortality."Tinkers follows George Crosby in the days before he dies and his memories from his childhood. The book takes you through both George's life as well as his father's, Howard, who sells home goods from a wagon in New England. You learn about George's skill at fixing clocks which becomes a metaphor for life's beauty as well as its fragility. It is about Howard's struggle with epilepsy as well as his own relationship with his father who was a minister who fell ill when Howard was a boy. It is a novel that is not only about death but the gift of simple pleasures of nature and being in the world. It is about fathers and sons, solitude and connection.
<Sydney_Chapman_(mathematician)>	Sydney Chapman FRS (29 January 1888 – 16 June 1970) was a British mathematician and geophysicist. His work on the kinetic theory of gases, solar-terrestrial physics, and the Earth's ozone layer has inspired a broad range of research over many decades.Chapman was born in Eccles, near Salford in England and began his advanced studies at a technical institute, now the University of Salford, in 1902.  In 1904 at age 16, Chapman entered the University of Manchester. He competed for a scholarship to the university offered by his home county, and was the last student selected. Chapman later reflected, "I sometimes wonder what would have happened if I'd hit one place lower." He initially studied engineering in the department headed by Osborne Reynolds. Chapman was taught mathematics by Horace Lamb, the Beyer professor of mathematics, and J. E. Littlewood, who came from Cambridge in Chapman's final year at Manchester. Although he graduated with an engineering degree, Chapman had become so enthusiastic for mathematics that he stayed for one further year to take a mathematics degree. Following Lamb's suggestion, Chapman applied for a scholarship to Trinity College, Cambridge. He was at first awarded only a partial scholarship as a sizar (meaning that he obtained financial support by acting as a servant to other students), but from his second year onwards he received a full scholarship. He graduated as a wrangler in 1910. He began his research in pure mathematics under G. H. Hardy, but later that year was asked by Sir Frank Dyson to be his chief assistant at the Royal Greenwich Observatory.[citation needed]
<Maria_Ribeiro>	Maria do Amaral Ribeiro (born 9 November 1975) is a Brazilian actress, screenwriter and film director.She worked in soap operas such as A Escrava Isaura, playing the beautiful Malvina, and also Luz do Sol, playing Zoé. She also had a part in the film Tolerância, directed by the gaúcho Carlos Gerbase, playing the young Anamaria.She had a son with ex-husband Paulo Betti, João, born in 2003. She was married to the actor Caio Blat, a union that brought her second son, Bento, born in 2010. In 2015 the couple separated but soon after reunited. In 2017 the ten-year marriage came to an end.
<Ryoichi_Kimizuka>	Ryoichi Kimizuka (君塚良一, Kimizuka Ryōichi, born 21 April 1958, in Minato, Tokyo) is a Japanese screenwriter and director for television and film.Kimizuka first entered the Japanese television industry by working on variety shows under Kin'ichi Hagimoto. He then began writing screenplays for television dramas, including such hits as Zutto anata ga suki datta and Bayside Shakedown. He has branched out into screenplays for film, including the hit Bayside Shakedown films, as well as directing.
<S.C._Covilhã>	Sporting Clube da Covilhã, commonly known as just Sporting da Covilhã, is Portuguese football club from the city of Covilhã that plays in the second-tier Liga Portugal 2. The club was founded in 1923. Their nickname is the Leões da Serra, meaning "Lions of the Mountain Range," due to Covilhã's location in the Serra de Estrela, the highest mountains in Portugal.Their home ground is Estádio Municipal José dos Santos Pinto, located at approximately 900 m of altitude. However, SCC play sometimes at a more recent Complexo Desportivo da Covilhã in Covilhã, which holds a capacity of 3,000 spectators. Their current chairman is José Oliveira Mendes and current manager is Ernesto Cangalho. They have won five Second Division in 1948, 1969, 1987 (second-tier), 2002, and 2005 (third-tier). The club is now in their first consecutive presence in the best tier.Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
<Nicola_Cabibbo>	Nicola Cabibbo (10 April 1935 – 16 August 2010) was an Italian physicist, best known for his work on the weak interaction.Cabibbo, son of a Sicilian lawyer, was born in Rome. He graduated in theoretical physics at the Università di Roma "Sapienza University of Rome" in 1958 under the supervision of Bruno Touschek. In 1963, while working at CERN, Cabibbo found the solution to the puzzle of the weak decays of strange particles, formulating what came to be known as Cabibbo universality. In 1967 Nicola settled back in Rome where he taught theoretical physics and created a large school. He was president of the INFN from 1983 to 1992, during which time the Gran Sasso Laboratory was inaugurated. He was also president of the Italian energy agency, ENEA, from 1993 to 1998, and was president of the Pontifical Academy of Sciences from 1993 until his death. In 2004, Cabibbo spent a year at CERN as guest professor, joining the NA48/2 collaboration.Cabibbo's major work on the weak interaction originated from a need to explain two observed phenomena:
<Mário_Felgueiras>	Mário Jorge Quintas Felgueiras (born 12 December 1986) is a Portuguese former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.He started playing for Sporting, Portimonense and Braga, being successively loaned by the first and third clubs and only totalling one Primeira Liga appearance for them. From 2011 until 2015 he competed in Romania, mainly with CFR Cluj.
<Kitty_Carlisle>	Kitty Carlisle Hart (born Catherine Conn; September 3, 1910 – April 17, 2007) was an American actress, singer, and spokeswoman for the arts. She was the leading lady of the Marx Brothers movie A Night at the Opera (1935) and was a regular panelist on the television game show To Tell the Truth (1956-1978). She served 20 years on the New York State Council on the Arts.In 1991, she received the National Medal of Arts from President George H. W. Bush. She was inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame in 1999.
<Homa_Rousta>	Homa Rousta (Persian: هما روستا‎; 26 September 1946 – 26 September 2015) was an Iranian film and stage actress. She was the widow of stage director Hamid Samandarian.She graduated with a degree in theatre from the School of Dramatic Arts in Bucharest. She started her career in 1971. Her most famous performance was in From Karkheh to Rhine (1992), for which she was nominated for the best actress Simorgh at the Fajr Film Festival.She died of cancer on 26 September 2015 in a hospital in Los Angeles, California, United States. Her body was transferred to Iran and was buried at Behesht Zahra alongside her husband's grave.
<Carles_Torrens>	Carles Torrens (born 1984) is a Spanish film and television director, screenwriter, editor, and producer, known for his award-winning short films and his 2011 feature film debut Apartment 143 (Emergo).Torrens was born in Barcelona, Spain in 1984, and lived there until he turned 18.  He moved to the United States to pursue film and graduated from Chapman University where he completed the short films Coming to Town in 2006 and Delaney in 2008.  After graduating, he directed Apartment 143  marking it as his 2011 feature film debut.His film project Pet, starring Dominic Monaghan, Ksenia Solo, Jennette McCurdy, and Nathan Parsons debuted at the South by Southwest Film festival during March 2016.  Writer Brant Hughes brought a film pitch forVisceral to Solipsist Films and, based upon the success of Apartment 143 and Sequence, Torrens was brought aboard the project as director.
<Karolinska_Institute>	The Karolinska Institute (KI; Swedish: Karolinska Institutet; sometimes known as the (Royal) Caroline Institute in English) is a research-led medical university in Solna within the Stockholm urban area of Sweden. The Karolinska Institute is consistently ranked amongst the world's best medical schools, ranking 6th worldwide for medicine in 2021. The Nobel Assembly at the Karolinska Institute awards the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. The assembly consists of fifty professors from various medical disciplines at the university. The current rector of Karolinska Institute is Ole Petter Ottersen, who took office in August 2017.The Karolinska Institute was founded in 1810 on the island of Kungsholmen on the west side of Stockholm; the main campus was relocated decades later to Solna, just outside Stockholm.  A second campus was established more recently in Flemingsberg, Huddinge, south of Stockholm.
<Mannheim>	Mannheim (German pronunciation: [ˈmanhaɪm] (listen); Palatine German: Mannem or Monnem), officially the University City of Mannheim (German: Universitätsstadt Mannheim), is the second-largest city in the German state of Baden-Württemberg after the state capital of Stuttgart, and Germany's 21st-largest city, with a 2020 population of 309,119 inhabitants. The city is the cultural and economic centre of the Rhine-Neckar Metropolitan Region, Germany's seventh-largest metropolitan region with nearly 2.4 million inhabitants and over 900,000 employees.Mannheim is located at the confluence of the Rhine and the Neckar in the Kurpfalz (Electoral Palatinate) region of northwestern Baden-Württemberg. The city lies in the Upper Rhine Plain, Germany's warmest region. Together with Hamburg, Mannheim is the only city bordering two other federal states. It forms a continuous conurbation of around 480,000 inhabitants with Ludwigshafen am Rhein in the neighbouring state of Rhineland-Palatinate, on the other side of the Rhine. Some northern suburbs of Mannheim belong to Hesse. Upstream along the Neckar lies Heidelberg, the fifth-largest city of Baden-Württemberg and the third-largest of the Rhine-Neckar Region.
<Bill_Woodson>	William T. Woodson (July 16, 1917 – February 22, 2017) was an American film, stage, radio and voice actor, best known for his narration of the radio series This is Your FBI, the animated series Super Friends and all its spin-offs, and the opening of The Odd Couple television series.Before becoming a professional actor, he acted in stock theatre for nearly a decade with his first appearance in a 1928 play.In 1943, Bill Woodson made his Broadway debut as Lowell Denton in Harriet, starring Helen Hayes.  He showed versatility as a performer, proving himself equally capable in classical roles such as that of Montano in the Shubert Theatre's adaptation of William Shakespeare's Othello with Paul Robeson in the lead role.  From 1946–47, the actor played, what is probably his best-known stage role, Le Bret opposite Jose Ferrer as the title character in Cyrano de Bergerac.
<Stuart_Taylor_(footballer,_born_1980)>	Stuart James Taylor (born 28 November 1980) is an English former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. Taylor began his career with Arsenal, winning the 2001–02 Premier League and 2002–03 FA Cup and representing England at under-16, under-18, under-20 and under-21 level. He was spoken of as a future replacement for Arsenal and England goalkeeper David Seaman but after other goalkeepers were signed, he struggled to get playing time after 2003 and he joined Aston Villa in 2005.Initially second-choice behind Thomas Sørensen, Taylor was again supplanted by other keepers and pushed down the pecking order. He left Aston Villa in 2009, having played only 12 league matches in four seasons. He then joined Manchester City, before spells at Reading, Leeds United and Southampton. Taylor spent most of his career as a third-choice goalkeeper, only making 95 career appearances. He currently runs his own goalkeeping academy.
<Croatia_national_football_team>	The Croatia national football team (Croatian: Hrvatska nogometna reprezentacija) represents Croatia in international football matches. It is governed by the Croatian Football Federation (HNS), the governing body for football in Croatia. It is a member of UEFA in Europe and FIFA in global competitions. The team's colors reference two national symbols: the Croatian checkerboard and the country's tricolour. They are colloquially referred to as the Vatreni ('Blazers') and Kockasti ('Checkered Ones').Since 1994, the Vatreni have qualified for every major tournament with the exception of Euro 2000 and the 2010 World Cup. At the FIFA World Cup, Croatia has finished second once (2018) and third on two occasions (1998, 2022), securing three World Cup medals. Davor Šuker won the Golden Shoe and the Silver Ball in 1998, while Luka Modrić won the Golden Ball in 2018 and the Bronze Ball in 2022. Croatia have also reached the quarter-finals of the UEFA European Championship twice (1996, 2008) and are set to contest the semi-finals of the UEFA Nations League in 2023. In July 1998, Croatia recorded its highest-ever Elo rating of 2,006 points. 
<Wellington>	Wellington (Māori: Te Whanganui-a-Tara [tɛ ˈɸaŋanʉi a taɾa] or Pōneke [pɔːnɛkɛ]) is the capital city of New Zealand. It is located at the south-western tip of the North Island, between Cook Strait and the Remutaka Range. Wellington is the second-largest city in New Zealand by metro area, and is the administrative centre of the Wellington Region. It is the world's southernmost capital of a sovereign state. Wellington features a temperate maritime climate, and is the world's windiest city by average wind speed.
<Sewall_Wright_Award>	The Sewall Wright Award is given annually by the American Society of Naturalists to a "senior-level" and active investigator making fundamental contributions the conceptual unification of the biological sciences. The award was  established in 1991 and named after Sewall Wright. The recipient need not be a member of the Society or an American. A plaque and award of $1,000 are presented at a banquet.Source: American Society of Naturalists
<Heera_Pathak>	Heera Ramnarayan Pathak, born Heera Kalyanray Mehta, was a Gujarati poet and literary critic. She married Ramnarayan V. Pathak, a Gujarati writer.She was born on 12 April 1916 in Mumbai. She completed a Bachelor of Arts in 1936 from S.N.D.T University with Gujarati as her main subject. She received a Ph.D. in 1938 for her research work Aapnu Vivechan Sahitya (History of Our Literary Criticism), which was published as a book in 1939. She was a professor of Gujarati at S.N.D.T University from 1938 to 1972. She was the president of Gujarati Adhyapak Sangh for 1970–1971 and also was vice-president of Gujarati Sahitya Parishad for a few years.
<Adolph_Rupp_Cup>	The Adolph Rupp Cup was an award given annually since 2004 to the men's college basketball head coach in NCAA Division I competition "who best exemplifies excellence in his dedication to the game of basketball and to his student athletes." The award is named for former University of Kentucky head coach Adolph Rupp, who compiled an overall record of 876–190 with four recognized national championships and one NIT championship. Rupp coached Kentucky between 1930 and 1972, and his winning percentage of 82.2% is still the NCAA record.The Rupp Cup was presented by the Commonwealth Athletic Club of Kentucky. The award's inaugural recipient was Phil Martelli of Saint Joseph's University, who was also recognized as the Naismith National Coach of the Year that season. As of 2015, the final winner John Calipari was the only head coach to receive the Rupp Cup twice.
<August_Strindberg>	Johan August Strindberg (/ˈstrɪn(d)bɜːrɡ/, Swedish: [ˈǒːɡɵst ˈstrɪ̂nːdbærj] (listen); 22 January 1849 – 14 May 1912) was a Swedish playwright, novelist, poet, essayist and painter. A prolific writer who often drew directly on his personal experience, Strindberg wrote more than sixty plays and more than thirty works of fiction, autobiography, history, cultural analysis, and politics during his career, which spanned four decades. A bold experimenter and iconoclast throughout, he explored a wide range of dramatic methods and purposes, from naturalistic tragedy, monodrama, and history plays, to his anticipations of expressionist and surrealist dramatic techniques. From his earliest work, Strindberg developed innovative forms of dramatic action, language, and visual composition. He is considered the "father" of modern Swedish literature and his The Red Room (1879) has frequently been described as the first modern Swedish novel. In Sweden, Strindberg is known as an essayist, painter, poet, and especially as a novelist and playwright, but in other countries he is known mostly as a playwright.The Royal Theatre rejected his first major play, Master Olof, in 1872; it was not until 1881, when he was thirty-two, that its première at the New Theatre gave him his theatrical breakthrough. In his plays The Father (1887), Miss Julie (1888), and Creditors (1889), he created naturalistic dramas that – building on the established accomplishments of Henrik Ibsen's prose problem plays while rejecting their use of the structure of the well-made play – responded to the call-to-arms of Émile Zola's manifesto "Naturalism in the Theatre" (1881) and the example set by André Antoine's newly established Théâtre Libre (opened 1887). In Miss Julie, characterisation replaces plot as the predominant dramatic element (in contrast to melodrama and the well-made play) and the determining role of heredity and the environment on the "vacillating, disintegrated" characters is emphasized. Strindberg modeled his short-lived Scandinavian Experimental Theatre (1889) in Copenhagen on Antoine's theatre and he explored the theory of Naturalism in his essays "On Psychic Murder" (1887), "On Modern Drama and the Modern Theatre" (1889), and a preface to Miss Julie, the last of which is probably the best-known statement of the principles of the theatrical movement.
<Will_Smith>	Willard Carroll  Smith II (born September 25, 1968), also known by his stage name The Fresh Prince, is an American actor and rapper. He began his acting career starring as a fictionalized version of himself on the NBC sitcom The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air (1990–1996). Smith has received multiple accolades, including an Academy Award and four Grammy Awards. As of 2022, his films have grossed over $9.3 billion globally, making him one of Hollywood's most bankable stars.Smith first gained recognition as part of a hip hop duo with DJ Jazzy Jeff, with whom he released five studio albums and the US Billboard Hot 100 top 20 singles "Parents Just Don't Understand", "A Nightmare on My Street", "Summertime", "Ring My Bell", and "Boom! Shake the Room" from 1984 to 1994. He released the solo albums Big Willie Style (1997), Willennium (1999), Born to Reign (2002), and Lost and Found (2005), which contained the US number-one singles "Gettin' Jiggy wit It" and "Wild Wild West". He has received four Grammy Awards for his rap performances.
<Peter_Zoller>	Peter Zoller (born 16 September 1952) is a theoretical physicist from Austria. He is Professor at the University of Innsbruck and works on quantum optics and quantum information and is best known for his pioneering research on quantum computing and quantum communication and for bridging quantum optics and solid state physics.Peter Zoller studied physics at the University of Innsbruck, obtained his doctorate there in February 1977, and became a lecturer at their Institute of Theoretical Physics. For 1978/79, he was granted a Max Kade stipend to research with Peter Lambropoulos at the University of Southern California. In 1980, he stayed at the University of Waikato in Hamilton, New Zealand, as a researcher with the group around Dan Walls. In 1981, Peter Zoller handed in his book "Über die lichtstatistische Abhängigkeit resonanter Multiphoton-Prozesse" at the University of Innsbruck to qualify as a professor by receiving the "venia docendi". He spent 1981/82 and 1988 as visiting fellow at the Joint Institute for Laboratory Astrophysics (JILA) of the University of Colorado, Boulder, and 1986 as guest professor at the Université de Paris-Sud 11, Orsay. In 1991, Peter Zoller was appointed Professor of Physics and JILA Fellow at JILA and at the Physics Department of the University of Colorado, Boulder. At the end of 1994, he accepted a chair at the University of Innsbruck, where he has worked ever since. From 1995 to 1999, he headed the Institute of Theoretical Physics, from 2001 to 2004, he was vice-dean of studies. Peter Zoller continues to keep in close touch with JILA as Adjoint Fellow.  Numerous guest professorships have taken him to all major centers of physics throughout the world. He was Loeb lecturer in Harvard, Boston, MA (2004) and Yan Jici chair professor at the University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei, chair professor at Tsinghua University, Beijing (2004), Lorentz professor at the University of Leiden in the Netherlands (2005), Distinguished Lecturer at the Technion in Haifa (2007), Moore Distinguished Scholar at Caltech (2008/2010) and Arnold Sommerfeld Lecturer at LMU München (2010). In 2012/13 he was "Distinguished Fellow" at the Max Planck Institute of Quantum Optics in Garching, Munich. In 2014 he has been elected as an "External Scientific Member" at the Max Planck Institute of Quantum Optics. In 2015 he held the International Jacques Solvay Chair in Physics at the University of Brussels . Since 2003, Peter Zoller has also held the position of Scientific Director at the Institute for Quantum Optics and Quantum Information (IQOQI) of the Austrian Academy of Sciences.In 2018, Peter Zoller co-founded Alpine Quantum Technologies, a quantum computing hardware company.
<Dudley_Nichols>	Dudley Nichols (April 6, 1895 – January 4, 1960) was an American screenwriter and film director. He was the first person to decline an Academy Award, as part of a boycott to gain recognition for the Screen Writers Guild; he would later accept his Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay in 1938.Dudley Nichols was born April 6, 1895, in Wapakoneta, Ohio. He studied at the University of Michigan where he was active member of the Sigma chapter of Theta Xi fraternity.
<Take_the_\u0022A\u0022_Train>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Peter_M._Brant>	Peter Mark Brant Sr.  (born March 1, 1947) is an American industrialist, as well as a magazine publisher, film producer, and art collector. He is married to model Stephanie Seymour.Brant was raised in Jamaica Estates, Queens, the son of Lily and Murray Brant. Both parents were Jewish immigrants from Bulgaria. Brant's father co-founded the paper converter (primarily converting paper into newsprint) Brant-Allen Industries with his brother-in-law (father of H. Joseph Allen).  He has one sister, Irene Brant Zelinsky. Brant was a childhood friend of Donald J. Trump. Brant attended the University of Colorado but did not graduate; rather, he left school to work for his father's company.
<Smith's_Prize>	The Smith's Prize was the name of each of two prizes awarded annually to two research students in mathematics and theoretical physics at the University of Cambridge from 1769. Following the reorganization in 1998, they are now awarded under the names Smith-Knight Prize and Rayleigh-Knight Prize.The Smith Prize fund was founded by bequest of Robert Smith upon his death in 1768, having by his will left £3,500 of South Sea Company stock to the University. Every year two or more junior Bachelor of Arts students who had made the greatest progress in mathematics and natural philosophy were to be awarded a prize from the fund. The prize was awarded every year from 1769 to 1998 except 1917.From 1769 to 1885, the prize was awarded for the best performance in a series of examinations. In 1854 George Stokes included an examination question on a particular theorem that William Thomson had written to him about, which is now known as Stokes' theorem. T. W. Körner notes
<Zakhar_Prilepin>	Yevgeny Nikolayevich Prilepin (Russian: Евге́ний Никола́евич Приле́пин; born 7 July 1975), writing as Zakhar Prilepin (Russian: Захар Прилепин), and sometimes using another pseudonym, Yevgeny Lavlinsky (Russian: Евгений Лавлинский), is a Russian writer and leader of the political party "For Truth" from 1 February 2020.Previously he was a member of Russia's unregistered National Bolshevik Party from 1996 to 2019.
<Comstock_Prize_in_Physics>	The Comstock Prize in Physics is awarded by the U.S. National Academy of Sciences "for recent innovative discovery or investigation in electricity, magnetism, or radiant energy, broadly interpreted."Honorees must be residents of North America. Named after Cyrus B. Comstock, it has been awarded about every five years since 1913.(shared)
<Body_Awareness>	Body Awareness is a one-act play by Annie Baker. The play premiered Off-Broadway in 2008.This play marked the Off-Broadway debut for Annie Baker. The play takes place at Shirley State College in Shirley, Vermont, which "evokes Amherst, Mass., where Ms. Baker... grew up, or Keene State College in New Hampshire, where her mother teaches now." Baker said, "My goal for the play is to not judge anyone, to get at that point where everyone is equally right and equally wrong, so the humor comes from that... I wanted to write a play about issues that wasn’t an 'issue play'."The play was developed at the 2007 Bay Area Playwrights Festival, San Francisco, California, part of the Playwrights Foundation, and with the support of Atlantic Stage 2.
<Marietta,_Georgia>	Marietta is a city in and the county seat of Cobb County, Georgia, United States. At the 2020 census, the city had a population of 60,972. The 2019 estimate was 60,867, making it one of Atlanta's largest suburbs. Marietta is the fourth largest of the principal cities by population of the Atlanta metropolitan area.The origin of the name is uncertain. It is believed that the city was named for Mary Cobb, the wife of the U.S. Senator and Superior Court judge Thomas Willis Cobb. The county is named for Cobb.
<Geraldine_McEwan>	Geraldine McEwan (born Geraldine McKeown; 9 May 1932 – 30 January 2015) was an English actress, who had a long career in film, theatre and television. Michael Coveney described her, in a tribute article, as "a great comic stylist, with a syrupy, seductive voice and a forthright, sparkling manner".McEwan was a five-time Olivier Award nominee, and twice won the Evening Standard Award for Best Actress; for The Rivals (1983) and The Way of the World (1995). She was also nominated for the 1998 Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play for The Chairs. She won the BAFTA TV Award for Best Actress for the 1990 television serial Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit, and from 2004 to 2009, she starred as the Agatha Christie sleuth Miss Marple, in the ITV series Marple.
<Timothy_Hutton>	Timothy Tarquin Hutton (born August 16, 1960) is an American actor and film director. He is the youngest recipient of the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, which he won at age 20 for his performance as Conrad Jarrett in Ordinary People (1980). Hutton has since appeared regularly in feature films and on television, with featured roles in the drama Taps (1981), the spy film The Falcon and the Snowman (1985), and the horror film The Dark Half (1993), among others.Between 2000 and 2002, Hutton starred as Archie Goodwin in the A&E drama series A Nero Wolfe Mystery. Between 2008 and 2012, he starred as Nathan "Nate" Ford on the TNT drama series Leverage. He also had a role in the first season of the Amazon streaming drama series Jack Ryan.
<Hotel_Lafayette>	Hotel Lafayette, also known as the Lafayette Hotel, is a historic hotel building located at Buffalo in Erie County, New York.It is a seven-story steel frame and concrete building designed in the French Renaissance style. It is composed of several rectangular building units completed between 1902 and 1926. It features decorative vitreous red brick and white terra cotta trim.The original building was designed by the firm of Bethune, Bethune & Fuchs, including architect Louise Blanchard Bethune (1856–1913), and built between 1902 and 1911. Additions from 1916–1917 and 1924–1926 were completed by  Esenwein and Johnson. The lobby was decorated in 1942 in the Art Moderne style. In its prime, the Lafayette Hotel was considered one of the 15 finest hotels in the country. Besides elevators, every room featured hot and cold water and a telephone. A 97 m (318 ft) antenna is attached to the building.
<Gondomar_S.C.>	Gondomar Sport Club is a Portuguese football club based in Gondomar, Porto District. Founded on 1 May 1921, it currently plays in the fourth-tier Campeonato de Portugal, holding home games at Estádio de São Miguel, with a capacity of 2.450 spectators.Gondomar's early foundations were established on 1 August 1928, as the club registered in the Porto Football Association. In 1932, however, it ceased all activity, until a group of people dubbed Os Teimosos de Gondomar (Stubborn), ten years later, took it upon themselves to resurrect the club, which return to organized football in 1960, in the third regional division; promotion to the second regional level was achieved five years later.In 1970, Gondomar moved to the new Estádio de São Miguel. On 27 October 1986, the team participated for the first time in the Portuguese Cup, losing 1–2 at F.C. Marco. In 2003, whilst competing in the third division, it made nationwide headlines after eliminating Benfica in the fourth round, with a 1–0 win at the Estádio da Luz.
<Ed_Mirvish_Theatre>	The Ed Mirvish Theatre, also currently known by naming rights sponsorship as CAA Ed Mirvish Theatre, is a historic film and play theatre in the downtown core of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It was initially known as the Pantages Theatre, then became the Imperial Theatre, and Canon Theatre before being renamed in honour of Ed Mirvish, a well-known businessman and theatre impresario. The theatre first opened in 1920 and is located near Yonge–Dundas Square.The Pantages Theatre opened in 1920 as a combination vaudeville and motion picture house. Designed by the theatre architect Thomas W. Lamb, it was the largest cinema in Canada (originally having 3373 seats) and one of the most elegant.The Pantages was built by the Canadian motion picture distributor Nathan L. Nathanson, founder of Famous Players Canadian Corporation, the Canadian motion picture distributing arm of Adolph Zukor's Paramount Pictures. While Famous Players retained ownership, management and booking were turned over to the Pantages organization, one of the largest vaudeville and motion picture theatre circuits in North America.
<Brigada_Mass_Media_Corporation>	Brigada Mass Media Corporation (BMMC) is a newspaper company and media network in the Philippines. It is the first-ever local Tri-media organization to have emerged from the Soccsksargen area as a national network with its array of Brigada News FM stations. BMMC is part of Brigada Group of Companies of entrepreneur Elmer Catulpos which also maintains three newspaper editions in Mindanao, one TV station, distribution of herbal food supplements, medicines, cosmetics and engine care products, a drug pharmacy, a garden resort and two private security agencies.Its main Brigada Complex is located at NLSA Road, San Isidro, General Santos City, Philippines while its National Broadcast Center is located at the 5th floor, Jacinta Building II, EDSA, Guadalupe Nuevo, Makati.
<Delfino_Pescara_1936>	Delfino Pescara 1936, commonly referred to as Pescara, is a professional Italian football club based in Pescara, Abruzzo.The club was formed in 1936 and currently plays in Serie C. Pescara has competed in seven seasons in Serie A, 1977–78, 1979–80, 1987–88, 1988–89, 1992–93, 2012–13 and last participated in 2016–17. The team's official colors are white and light blue varied between either azure or sky blue, manifested in striped shirts with white socks and shorts.
<Gene_Roddenberry>	Eugene Wesley Roddenberry Sr. (August 19, 1921 – October 24, 1991) was an American television screenwriter, producer, and creator of Star Trek: The Original Series, its sequel spin-off series Star Trek: The Animated Series, and Star Trek: The Next Generation. Born in El Paso, Texas, Roddenberry grew up in Los Angeles, where his father was a police officer. Roddenberry flew 89 combat missions in the Army Air Forces during World War II and worked as a commercial pilot after the war. Later, he followed in his father's footsteps and joined the Los Angeles Police Department, where he also began to write scripts for television.As a freelance writer, Roddenberry wrote scripts for Highway Patrol, Have Gun – Will Travel, and other series, before creating and producing his own television series, The Lieutenant. In 1964, Roddenberry created Star Trek, which premiered in 1966 and ran for three seasons before being canceled. He then worked on other projects, including a string of failed television pilots. The syndication of Star Trek led to its growing popularity; this, in turn, resulted in the Star Trek feature films, on which Roddenberry continued to produce and consult. In 1987, the sequel series Star Trek: The Next Generation began airing on television in first-run syndication; Roddenberry was heavily involved in the initial development of the series but took a less active role after the first season due to ill health. He continued to consult on the series until his death in 1991.
<Marina_Silva>	Maria Osmarina da Silva Vaz de Lima (born 8 February 1958) is a Brazilian politician and environmentalist. She is the founder and former spokeswoman for the Sustainability Network Party (REDE). During her political career, Silva served as a senator of the state of Acre between 1995 and 2011 and Minister of the Environment from 2003 to 2008. She ran for president in 2010, 2014 and 2018.Born in a rubber plantation in Acre, Marina moved to the state capital Rio Branco as a teenager, where she became literate. After graduating high school, she completed her undergraduate degree in history from the Federal University of Acre at 26. She developed an interest in politics and joined Workers' Party (PT), later helping to found the Unified Workers' Central of Acre. She helped Chico Mendes to lead the trade union movement, being elected as councillor of Rio Branco in 1988 for her first mandate in a public office.
<Kim_Källström>	Kim Mikael Källström (Swedish pronunciation: [ˈkɪmː ˈɕɛ̂lːstrœm]; born 24 August 1982) is a Swedish former professional footballer who played as a midfielder. He was noted for his play-making ability and free-kick taking.He started his career at several clubs in Sweden, winning consecutive Allsvenskan titles with Djurgården before moving to France where he represented Rennes and Lyon. Källström won a range of domestic honours with Lyon and joined Spartak Moscow in 2012. He spent the second half of the 2013–14 season on loan at Arsenal, where he won the 2013–14 FA Cup after converting a penalty in the semifinal. Källström left Spartak in 2015 to join Grasshoppers, where he had a 49 game long spell before ending his career at Djurgårdens IF together with close friend Andreas Isaksson.
<Sally_Beauman>	Sally Vanessa Beauman (née Kinsey-Miles, 25 July 1944 – 7 July 2016) was an English journalist and writer, author of eight widely translated and best-selling novels.Beauman was born in Totnes, Devon, England. She was educated at Redland High School[citation needed] and Girton College, Cambridge.
<Whitney_Able>	Whitney Nees Able (born June 2, 1982) is an American actress and model. She is best known for her roles in All the Boys Love Mandy Lane (2006) and Monsters (2010), and has been featured in Maxim magazine.Whitney Able was born in Houston, Texas. She has two brothers. She has lived in Spain and Mexico and is fond of the Spanish language. She also attended St. Andrew's Sewanee School in Franklin County, TN.Able's acting career started with a role in the low-budget film Age of Kali in 2005. She then portrayed Eve in the film Dead Lenny, which was released direct-to-DVD in 2006. She then gained a role in the pilot of the TV show Secrets of a Small Town; however the show was not picked up by American Broadcasting Company. She also had a role on the ABC show Rodney.
<Elechi_Amadi>	Elechi Amadi// (listen) (12 May 1934 – 29 June 2016) was a Nigerian author and soldier. He was a former member of the Nigerian Armed Forces. He was an author of plays and novels that are generally about African village life, customs, beliefs, and religious practices prior to contact with the Western world. Amadi is best regarded for his 1966 debut novel, The Concubine, which has been called "an outstanding work of pure fiction".Born in 1934, in Mbodo-Aluu in what is now the Ikwerre local government area of Rivers State, Nigeria, Elechi Amadi attended Government College, Umuahia (1948–52), Survey School, Oyo (1953–54), and the University of Ibadan (1955–59), where he obtained a degree in Physics and Mathematics. While in university, he adopted the name Elechi Amadi, which he felt reflected his Ikwerre heritage more than his birth name, Emmanuel Elechi Daniel.He worked for a time as a land surveyor and later was a teacher at several schools, including the Nigerian Military School, Zaria (1963–66).
<Janet_Halley>	Janet Elizabeth Halley (born February 1952) is an American legal scholar in the traditions of critical legal studies, legal realism and postmodernism. A self-described feminist, she is known for her critique of American feminism, dominance feminism, and left legalism, as well as her work on family law and the regulation of sexuality. She has also been a prominent voice in the public debate regarding sexual conduct codes on campuses in the United States in recent years, arguing against the broadening of the definition sexual assault and the adoption of the affirmative consent standard. She was the first expert on gender and sexuality in the legal system to receive a position at Harvard University and is the Royall law professor at Harvard Law School.Halley received a Bachelor's degree summa cum laude in English literature from Princeton University in 1974. In 1980 she earned a PhD in English literature from the University of California at Los Angeles, focusing on seventeenth century English poetry. Before pursuing legal education, she taught English for five years at Hamilton College as an assistant professor. Halley received her J.D. from Yale University in 1988, and then clerked for judge Gilbert S. Merritt Jr. at the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. She worked two years as a litigator for the Boston office of the law firm Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, before joining the Stanford Law School. She taught at Stanford from 1991 until 2000, and then joined the Harvard law school. In 2006 she was appointed to the Royall chair in the institution.Halley has written on a wide variety of issues, but is widely known for her criticism of left legalism, radical dominance feminist thought and cultural feminism. She argues that left legal identitarian projects, such as feminist ones, have "bestowed sacred cow status" on certain reforms and deployed "identity-based claims in the form of rights, supposedly trumping all competing normative claims". Such legal projects, according to her, include, among others, affirmative action, sexual harassment and racial justice legal reforms.
<Notts_County_F.C.>	Notts County Football Club is a professional association football club based in Nottingham, England. The team participate in the National League, the fifth tier of the English football league system. Founded on the 25 November 1862, it is the oldest professional association football club in the world and predates the Football Association itself. The club became one of the 12 founder members of the Football League in 1888. They are nicknamed the "Magpies" due to the black and white colour of their home strip, which inspired Italian club Juventus to adopt the colours for their kit in 1903. After playing at different home grounds during its first fifty years, including Trent Bridge, the club moved to Meadow Lane in 1910 and remains there. Notts County has a local rivalry with city neighbour Nottingham Forest, as well as with other nearby clubs such as Mansfield Town.Notts County finished third in the top flight of English football in the 1890–91 season, which, together with the same achievement 10 seasons later, remains their highest ever league position. They also reached the 1891 FA Cup Final, finishing as runners-up to Blackburn Rovers. However three years later the club won the 1894 FA Cup Final with a 4–1 victory over Bolton Wanderers. From 1897 until 1920 they played in the First Division which was then the top flight, barring the 1913–14 season when they won the Second Division immediately following relegation the previous year. They won the Second Division for a third time in the 1922–23 campaign, before suffering relegations down to the Third Division South, which they won in their first attempt in 1930–31.
<Éamon_de_Valera>	Éamon de Valera (/ˈeɪmən ˌdɛvəˈlɛərə, -ˈlɪər-/, Irish: [ˈeːmˠən̪ˠ dʲɛ ˈwalʲəɾʲə]; first registered as George de Valero; changed some time before 1901 to Edward de Valera; 14 October 1882 – 29 August 1975) was a prominent Irish statesman and political leader. He served several terms as head of government and head of state and had a leading role in introducing the 1937 Constitution of Ireland.Prior to de Valera's political career, he was a commandant of Irish Volunteers at Boland's Mill during the 1916 Easter Rising. He was arrested and sentenced to death but released for a variety of reasons, including the public response to the British execution of Rising leaders. He returned to Ireland after being jailed in England and became one of the leading political figures of the War of Independence. After the signing of the Anglo-Irish Treaty, de Valera served as the political leader of Anti-Treaty Sinn Féin until 1926, when he, along with many supporters, left the party to set up Fianna Fáil, a new political party which abandoned the policy of abstentionism from Dáil Éireann.
<John_Wentworth_(Illinois)>	John Wentworth (March 5, 1815 – October 16, 1888), nicknamed Long John, was the editor of the Chicago Democrat, publisher of an extensive Wentworth family genealogy, a two-term mayor of Chicago, and a six-term member of the United States House of Representatives, both before and after his service as mayor.After growing up in New Hampshire, he joined the migration west and moved to the developing city of Chicago in 1836, where he made his adult life. Wentworth was affiliated with the Democratic Party until 1855; then he changed to the Republican Party. After retiring from politics, he wrote a three-volume genealogy of the Wentworth family in the United States.John Wentworth was born in Sandwich, New Hampshire. He was educated at the New Hampton Literary Institute and at the academy of Dudley Leavitt. He graduated from Dartmouth College in 1836.
<Ryan_O'Neal>	Ryan O'Neal (born April 20, 1941) is an American actor and former boxer. He trained as an amateur boxer before beginning his career in acting in 1960. In 1964, he landed the role of Rodney Harrington on the ABC nighttime soap opera Peyton Place. It was an instant hit and boosted O'Neal's career. He later found success in films, most notably Love Story (1970), for which he received Academy Award and Golden Globe nominations as Best Actor, Peter Bogdanovich's What's Up, Doc? (1972) and Paper Moon (1973), Stanley Kubrick's Barry Lyndon (1975), Richard Attenborough's A Bridge Too Far (1977), and Walter Hill's The Driver (1978). From 2005 to 2017, he had a recurring role in the Fox television series Bones as Max, the father of the show's protagonist.Charles Patrick Ryan O'Neal was born in Los Angeles, California, the eldest son of actress Patricia Ruth Olga (née O'Callaghan; 1907–2003) and novelist and screenwriter Charles O'Neal. His father was of Irish and English descent, while his mother was of paternal Irish and maternal Ashkenazi Jewish ancestry. His brother, Kevin, is an actor and screenwriter.O'Neal attended University High School in Los Angeles, and trained there to become a Golden Gloves boxer. During the late 1950s, his father had a job writing on a television series called Citizen Soldier, and moved the family to Munich, where O'Neal attended Munich American High School.
<Richard_Ellis_(astronomer)>	Fellow Institute of Physics 1998 Fellow University College London 1999 Fellow American Association for the Advancement of Science 2001 Honorary Doctorate (D.Sc.) Durham University 2002 Richard Salisbury Ellis CBE FRS (born 25 May 1950, Colwyn Bay, Wales) is Professor of Astrophysics at the University College London. He previously served as the Steele Professor of Astronomy at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech). He was awarded the 2011 Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society. and the 2022 Royal Medal of the Royal Society.
<Yarde_Halt_railway_station>	Yarde Halt railway station was an intermediate halt on the initially privately run North Devon and Cornwall Junction Light Railway, constructed in 1925 to serve  clay works along its route. It was closed to passengers in 1965 and now forms part of the popular Tarka trail, a route for ramblers promoted by the local council.
<Irwin_Fridovich>	Irwin Fridovich (August 2, 1929 – November 2, 2019) was an American biochemist who, together with his graduate student Joe M. McCord, discovered the enzymatic activity of copper-zinc superoxide dismutase (SOD),—to protect organisms from the toxic effects of superoxide free radicals formed as a byproduct of normal oxygen metabolism. Subsequently, Fridovich's research group also discovered the manganese-containing and the iron-containing SODs from Escherichia coli and the mitochondrial MnSOD (SOD2), now known to be an essential protein in mammals. He spent the rest of his career studying the biochemical mechanisms of SOD and of biological superoxide toxicity, using bacteria as model systems. Fridovich was also Professor Emeritus of Biochemistry at Duke University.From 1951 to 1952, Fridovich served as a medical research associate at Cornell Medical College. He held junior teaching positions in biochemistry at Duke University 1956 to 1961 and was a visiting research associate at Harvard University from 1961 to 1962. He became an assistant professor in biochemistry at Duke University in 1961 and a full professor in 1971. He was appointed as James B. Duke Professor of Biochemistry in 1976 and held the position as professor emeritus since 1996 until his death.Fridovich received numerous awards and recognitions for his work, including membership in the National Academy of Sciences and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and the Elliott Cresson Medal of the Franklin Institute, Philadelphia.  According to Google Scholar, he has over 51,000 citations in the scientific literature, including 7 papers with >1000 citations, and an h-index of 97.His discovery of the superoxide dismutase reaction essentially started the field of oxygen free radicals in biology and medicine, and that influence is shown by his election as president of the American Society of Biological Chemists (for 1982–83)[1], the Oxygen Society (1987–1990), and the Society for Free Radical Research (1992–94), as well as award of the Science & Humanity Prize at the 2000 Oxygen Club World Congress.
<Prix_mondial_Cino_Del_Duca>	The Prix mondial Cino Del Duca (Cino Del Duca World Prize) is an international literary award. With an award amount of €200,000, it is among the richest literary prizes.It was established in 1969 in France by Simone Del Duca (1912–2004) to continue the work of her husband, publishing magnate Cino Del Duca (1899–1967). The award recognizes an author whose work constitutes, in a scientific or literary form, a message of modern humanism. The award's prize has been valued as high as 300,000 € over the years; in 2016 it was 200,000. 
<Caitlyn_Jenner>	Caitlyn Marie Jenner (born William Bruce Jenner; October 28, 1949) is an American media personality and retired Olympic gold medal-winning decathlete.Jenner played college football for the Graceland Yellowjackets before incurring a knee injury that required surgery. Convinced by Olympic decathlete Jack Parker's coach, L. D. Weldon, to try the decathlon, Jenner had a six-year decathlon career, culminating in winning the men's decathlon event at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, setting a third successive world record and gaining fame as "an all-American hero". Given the unofficial title of "world's greatest athlete", Jenner established a career in television, film, writing, auto racing, business, and as a Playgirl cover model.
<MacArthur_Fellows_Program>	The MacArthur Fellows Program, also known as the MacArthur Fellowship and commonly but unofficially known as the "Genius Grant", is a prize awarded annually by the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation typically to between 20 and 30 individuals, working in any field, who have shown "extraordinary originality and dedication in their creative pursuits and a marked capacity for self-direction" and are citizens or residents of the United States.According to the foundation's website, "the fellowship is not a reward for past accomplishment, but rather an investment in a person's originality, insight, and potential," but it also says such potential is "based on a track record of significant accomplishments." The current prize is $800,000 paid over five years in quarterly installments. Previously it was $625,000. This figure was increased from $500,000 in 2013 with the release of a review of the MacArthur Fellows Program. Since 1981, 1,111 people have been named MacArthur Fellows, ranging in age from 18 to 82. The award has been called "one of the most significant awards that is truly 'no strings attached'".
<St_Pancras,_London>	St Pancras (/ˈpæŋkrəs/) is a district in north London. It was originally a medieval ancient parish and subsequently became a metropolitan borough. The metropolitan borough then merged with neighbouring boroughs and the area it covered now forms around half of the modern London Borough of Camden. The area of the parish and borough includes the sub-districts of Camden Town, Kentish Town, Gospel Oak, Somers Town, King's Cross, Chalk Farm, Dartmouth Park, the core area of Fitzrovia and a part of Highgate.St Pancras Old Church lies on Pancras Road, Somers Town, behind St Pancras railway station. Until the 19th century it stood on a knoll on the eastern bank of the now buried River Fleet.
<Permira>	Permira is a global investment firm. Founded in 1985, the firm advises funds with assets under management of €60+ billion. The Permira funds have made approximately 300 private equity investments in four key sectors: Technology, Consumer, Services and Healthcare. Permira employs over 360 people in 16 offices across North America, Europe and Asia.Permira was founded in 1985 by Nicholas Ferguson as a number of country-specific separate businesses operating under the Schroder Ventures brand. In 1996, the United Kingdom, French, German and Italian teams joined to create Schroder Ventures Europe and in 1997, this raised its first pan-European fund. In 2001, the firm was renamed Permira.In 2002, Permira expanded into the U.S. with the opening of its New York office.
<Dan_Simmons>	Dan Simmons (born April 4, 1948) is an American science fiction and horror writer. He is the author of the  Hyperion Cantos and the Ilium/Olympos cycles, among other works which span the science fiction, horror, and fantasy genres, sometimes within a single novel. Simmons's genre-intermingling Song of Kali (1985) won the World Fantasy Award. He also writes mysteries and thrillers, some of which feature the continuing character Joe Kurtz.Born in Peoria, Illinois, Simmons received a B.A. in English from Wabash College in 1970 and, in 1971, a Masters in Education from Washington University in St. Louis.He soon started writing short stories, although his career did not take off until 1982, when, through Harlan Ellison's help, his short story "The River Styx Runs Upstream" was published and awarded first prize in a Twilight Zone Magazine story competition, and he was taken on as a client by Ellison's agent, Richard Curtis. Simmons's first novel, Song of Kali, was released in 1985.
<FC_Twente>	Football Club Twente (Dutch pronunciation: [ɛfˈseː ˈtʋɛntə]) is a Dutch professional football club from the city of Enschede, sometimes known internationally as Twente Enschede. The club was formed in 1965 by the merger of 1926 Dutch champions Sportclub Enschede with Enschedese Boys. It was the holder of the 2011 KNVB Cup and Johan Cruyff Shield trophies, and was Eredivisie champion in the 2009–10 season; the club has also finished as Eredivisie runner-up twice, was runner-up in the 1974–75 UEFA Cup, and has won the KNVB Cup three times. Twente's home ground since 1998 is De Grolsch Veste. Since 2019, the team have played in the Eredivisie, the top division of Dutch football.The club was formed in 1965 as a merger of two professional clubs, Sportclub Enschede and the Enschedese Boys. One of such predecessors, SC Enschede, had also won a single Dutch championship in 1926.
<Shim_Yi-young>	Shim Yi-young (born Kim Jin-ah on January 31, 1980) is a South Korean actress.Shim Yi-young made her acting debut in Kim Ki-duk's Real Fiction in 2000, and has since appeared in films such as Bongja, Paju, and Love, In Between, as well as television dramas such as The Sweet Thief and My Husband Got a Family.She and Nam Ji-hyun host She and Her Car on MBC Life, an infotainment program that looks at cars from a woman's point of view, and gives suggestions about car trends and driving courses - topics previously thought to be exclusive to men. Shim also appears opposite former newscaster Jun Hyun-moo in We Are Mom and Dad from Today, a reality show airing on MBC Every 1 in which the two assume the roles of husband and wife and take care of babies; it aims to teach viewers about parenting while entertaining them with the onscreen romance.
<Keeping_Up_Appearances>	Keeping Up Appearances is a British sitcom created and written by Roy Clarke. It originally aired on BBC1 from 1990 to 1995 with two specials airing in 1997 and 2008 on PBS. The central character is an eccentric and snobbish middle class social climber, Hyacinth Bucket (Patricia Routledge), who insists that her surname is pronounced "Bouquet". The show comprised five series and 44 episodes, four of which are Christmas specials. Production ended in 1995 after Routledge decided to move on to other projects. All episodes and the specials have since been released on DVD.The sitcom follows Hyacinth in her attempts to prove her social superiority, and to gain standing with those she considers upper class. Her attempts are constantly hampered by her lower class extended family, whom she is desperate to hide. Much of the humour comes from the conflict between Hyacinth's vision of herself and the reality of her underclass background. In each episode, she lands in a farcical situation as she battles to protect her social credibility.
<Patrick_Burns_(businessman)>	Patrick Burns (July 6, 1856 – February 24, 1937) was a Canadian rancher, meat packer, businessperson, senator, and philanthropist. A self-made man of wealth, he built one of the world's largest integrated meat-packing empires, P. Burns & Co., becoming one of the wealthiest Canadians of his time. He is honoured as one of the Big Four western cattle kings who started the Calgary Stampede in Alberta in 1912.He made his fortune in the meat industry, but ranching was his true passion. Burns' 700,000 acres (2,800 km2) of cattle ranches covered so vast an area of Southern Alberta that he boasted about being able to travel from Cochrane to the US border without ever leaving his land.
<William_Horlick>	William Horlick, Sr. (23 February 1846 – 25 September 1936) was an English-born food manufacturer and the original patent holder of malted milk. He emigrated to the United States in 1869, settling in Racine, Wisconsin. There he started a food company with his brother, James. Horlick was a well-known philanthropist in the Racine area. He was also a major sponsor of the Racine Legion, which played in the National Football League from 1922 until 1924. He died 25 September 1936 at the age of ninety.He was born in Ruardean, in the Forest of Dean, Gloucestershire, England, the youngest surviving child of James Horlick (1809–1878), a saddler, and his wife Priscilla Griffiths (1817–1874). He was sent to school in Hampshire with his brothers Peter (1842–1901) and James (1844–1921), before becoming apprenticed to a local saddler. At the same time, his brother James began working for the Mellin Food Company in London, which produced a powdered baby food from malt and bran. When at home in Ruardean, James, William and their father began experimenting with ways of making a granulated powder based on wheat and malted barley which could be stored for long periods in sealed containers.
<Eugene_G._Sander>	Eugene G. Sander is a former president of the University of Arizona serving from 2011 to 2012. He was appointed after the resignation of Robert N. Shelton to lead the Fiesta Bowl.Sander had been vice provost and dean of the UA's College of Agriculture and Life Sciences prior to deferring his retirement to become president.
<Octaviano_Ambrosio_Larrazolo>	Octaviano Ambrosio Larrazolo (December 7, 1859 – April 7, 1930) was a Republican politician who served as the fourth governor of New Mexico and a United States senator.  He was the first Mexican-American and first Latino United States senator.Larrazolo was born in Valle de Allende in Chihuahua, Mexico, on December 7, 1859, to Don Octaviano, a wealthy landowner, and Doña Donaciana Corral de Larrazolo. He was brought up in a wealthy home and was taught to read and write in his home; he later briefly attended school in his town but left after his schoolteacher beat him. In 1863, French soldiers ransacked the Larrazolo home because the family supported Benito Juarez's revolt against the French.In 1870 at the age of eleven, Larrazolo left Mexico for Tucson, Arizona Territory, under the care of Jean Salpointe, a French-born bishop of Arizona. Larrazolo left with the bishop because he intended to study theology to become a priest and because his family had fallen into bankruptcy and could not support his schooling. After completing his primary studies with the bishop, Larrazolo studied theology at the St. Michael's College at Santa Fe, New Mexico Territory, graduating in 1876 at the age of 18. He considered entering the priesthood right after his graduation but secured a teaching position instead; he later also taught in El Paso County, Texas. During this time, he started studying law; he taught in the day and studied law at night. On December 11, 1884, Larrazolo became a U.S. citizen in order to prepare himself to become a lawyer. In this same year, he registered with the Texas State Republican Party.
<Sean_Thornton>	Sean Thornton (born 18 May 1983) is a former professional footballer.He made 11 appearances in the Premier League for Sunderland in the 2002–03 season and has made over 200 appearances in the Football League, mostly for Sunderland, Doncaster Rovers and Leyton Orient.
<St_Edern's_Church,_Bodedern>	St Edern's Church, Bodedern (sometimes referred to as St Edeyrn's Church) is a medieval parish church in the village of Bodedern, in Anglesey, north Wales. Although St Edern established a church in the area in the 6th century, the oldest parts of the present building date from the 14th century. Subsequent alterations include the addition of some windows in the 15th century, and a chancel, transept and porch in the 19th century, when the nave walls were largely rebuilt. Stained glass was also inserted into the windows of the chancel and transept.The church contains a 6th-century inscribed stone found near the village, a medieval font, and some 17th-century decorated wooden panels from Jesus College, Oxford, which was formerly connected with the church. St Edern's also owns three pieces of 19th-century church silverware, but a silver chalice dated 1574 was lost some time during the 19th century. An 18th-century gallery at the west end rests on two oak crossbeams, one of which was previously used to support the rood loft.
<Reform_Party_of_Canada>	Provincial partiesProvincial parties
<Lili_Bech>	Lili Bech (born Lily Beck; 29 December 1883 – 20 January 1939) was a Danish silent film actress. She appeared in 27 films between 1911 and 1917. She was married to film director Victor Sjöström.This article about a Danish actor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Long,_Lamoreaux_&_Long>	Long, Lamoreaux & Long was an architectural partnership in Minneapolis, Minnesota, of Franklin B. Long (1842–1912), Lowell A. Lamoreaux (December 23, 1861 – February 1, 1922), and Franklin's son Louis L. Long (c.1870-1925).Franklin B. Long had previously partnered in Long and Kees.A number of Lamoreaux's, Louis Long's and the firm's works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
<Buchman_&_Fox>	Albert Buchman (1859–1936) was an American architect in practice in New York.Buchman was born April 11, 1859 in Cincinnati, Ohio. He attended Cornell University, graduating in 1880. He then took a job with the architect Herman J. Schwarzmann in New York. In 1884, he was made junior partner in the firm of Schwarzmann & Buchman. Schwarzmann retired in 1886, and Buchman began practicing under his own name. In 1887, he made Gustav Deisler junior partner in Buchman & Deisler. This continued until 1899, when Deisler retired from the firm and Buchman associated with Mortimer J. Fox as Buchman & Fox. This partnership lasted until 1917, when Fox was appointed a vice president of the Columbia Bank.After Fox retired, Buchman formed a fourth and final partnership with Ely Jacques Kahn, as Buchman & Kahn. Office manager John M. Montfort was also associated. Due to his health Buchman eventually retired, and in January, 1930 Kahn reestablished the practice as the Firm of Ely Jacques Kahn, in association with Montfort. Buchman died in New York, April 15, 1936.
<Ada_Yonath>	Ada E. Yonath (Hebrew: עדה יונת, pronounced [ˈada joˈnat]; born 22 June 1939) is an Israeli crystallographer best known for her pioneering work on the structure of ribosomes. She is the current director of the Helen and Milton A. Kimmelman Center for Biomolecular Structure and Assembly of the Weizmann Institute of Science.In 2009, Yonath received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry along with Venkatraman Ramakrishnan and Thomas A. Steitz for her studies on the structure and function of the ribosome, becoming the first Israeli woman to win the Nobel Prize out of ten Israeli Nobel laureates, the first woman from the Middle East to win a Nobel prize in the sciences, and the first woman in 45 years to win the Nobel Prize for Chemistry.
<Stamford_Bridge_(stadium)>	Stamford Bridge (/ˈstæmfərd/) is a football stadium in Fulham, adjacent to the borough of Chelsea in West London. It is the home of Premier League club Chelsea. With a capacity of 40,341, it is the ninth largest venue of the 2022–23 Premier League season and the eleventh largest football stadium in England.Opened in 1877, the stadium was used by the London Athletic Club until 1905, when new owner Gus Mears founded Chelsea Football Club to occupy the ground; Chelsea have played their home games there ever since. It has undergone major changes over the years, most recently in the 1990s when it was renovated into a modern, all-seater stadium.
<Daniel_Giraud_Elliot_Medal>	The Daniel Giraud Elliot Medal is awarded by the U.S. National Academy of Sciences "for meritorious work in zoology or paleontology study published in a three- to five-year period." Named after Daniel Giraud Elliot, it was first awarded in 1917.Source: National Academy of Sciences
<Ministry_of_Finance_(Thailand)>	The Ministry of Finance (Abrv: MOF; Thai: กระทรวงการคลัง, RTGS: Krasuang Kan Khlang) is a cabinet ministry in the Government of Thailand.Considered to be one of the country's most important ministries, the Ministry of Finance has many responsibilities over public finance, taxation, the treasury, government properties, operations of government monopolies, and revenue-generating enterprises. The ministry is also vested with the power to provide loan guarantees for the governmental agencies, financial institutions, and state enterprises.
<Farnborough_F.C.>	Farnborough Football Club is a semi-professional football club based in Farnborough, Hampshire, England. Founded in 1967 as Farnborough Town, they are currently members of the National League South, the sixth tier of English football and play at Cherrywood Road.The club was established as Farnborough Town in 1967 and joined the Surrey Senior League in 1968. Their first league match saw them beat Surbiton Byron 7–6. In 1971 they reached the top division of the Surrey Senior League, and after finishing as runners-up in 1971–72, they moved up to the Spartan League. They went on to win three consecutive league titles, losing only one league match during each of the 1973–74 and 1974–75 seasons. When the league merged with the Metropolitan–London League to form the London Spartan League in 1975, the club were placed in Division One, and were its first champions.
<Walter_B._Gibson>	Walter Brown Gibson (September 12, 1897 – December 6, 1985) was an American writer and professional magician, best known for his work on the pulp fiction character The Shadow. Gibson, under the pen-name Maxwell Grant, wrote "more than 300 novel-length" Shadow stories, writing up to "10,000 words a day" to satisfy public demand during the character's golden age in the 1930s and 1940s. He authored several novels in the Biff Brewster juvenile series of the 1960s. He was married to Litzka R. Gibson, also a writer, and the couple lived in New York state.Walter Brown Gibson was born on September 12, 1897, in the Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to Alfred Cornelius Gibson (1849–1931) and May Morrell Whidden Gibson (1863–1941).
<Bristol>	Bristol (/ˈbrɪstəl/ (listen)) is a city, ceremonial county and unitary authority in England. Situated on the River Avon, it is bordered by the ceremonial counties of Gloucestershire to the north and Somerset to the south. Bristol is the most populous city in South West England.The wider Bristol Built-up Area is the eleventh most populous urban area in the United Kingdom.Iron Age hillforts and Roman villas were built near the confluence of the rivers Frome and Avon. Around the beginning of the 11th century, the settlement was known as Brycgstow (Old English: 'the place at the bridge'). Bristol received a royal charter in 1155 and was historically divided between Gloucestershire and Somerset until 1373 when it became a county corporate. From the 13th to the 18th century, Bristol was among the top three English cities, after London, in tax receipts.
<Meral_Okay>	Meral Okay (Turkish pronunciation: [meˈɾal oˈkaj], née Katı; September 20, 1959 – April 9, 2012) was a Turkish actress, film producer and screenwriter.Okay was born on September 20, 1959 in Ankara to military judge Ata Katı and Türkan as the second child. During her childhood, she moved with her family across Turkey due to her father's duty. After completing the high school in Ankara, she began working at the governmental agency "Turkish Grain Board" (Turkish: Toprak Mahsulleri Ofisi, TMO).During the 1980 Turkish coup d'état era, she was a member of the socialist Workers Party of Turkey (TİP) and union spokesperson at her workplace.
<Timothy_Leary>	Psychedelic filmTimothy Francis Leary (October 22, 1920 – May 31, 1996) was an American psychologist and author known for his strong advocacy of psychedelic drugs. Evaluations of Leary are polarized, ranging from bold oracle to publicity hound. He was "a hero of American consciousness", according to Allen Ginsberg, and Tom Robbins called him a "brave neuronaut".
<Gómez_Pérez_Dasmariñas>	Gómez Pérez Dasmariñas (1 January 1519 – 25 October 1593) was a Spanish politician, diplomat, military officer and imperial official. He was the seventh governor-general of the Philippines from May or June 1, 1590 to October 25, 1593. Dasmariñas was a member of the Order of Santiago.Pérez Dasmariñas was born in Betanzos, Galicia, Spain. He was named governor of León on January 30, 1579. There he built the meat market and various fountains and streets. His work there was viewed favorably, and he was promoted to corregidor of Murcia, Lorca and Cartagena, Spain on September 27, 1584. He held these positions until January 1, 1587. In 1589 he was named governor and captain general of the Philippines by King Philip II. At the same time, Philip increased the salary of the position to 10,000 Castilian ducados per year and made Pérez Dasmariñas a knight of the Order of Santiago.His orders included the suppression of the Audiencia of Manila, something that had been requested by the Spanish settlers in the Philippines. He also had instructions to establish a garrison of 400 soldiers, paid at His Majesty's expense, for the defense of the colony.
<Lumia_Beta_Apps>	Nokia phones beta labs is a service in which beta software for Nokia smartphones are available for public download. The service was originally launched as Nokia Beta Labs in 2007 by Nokia for S60-based Symbian devices, and later for the company's Windows Phone-based Lumia line. After the sale of the Nokia mobile devices division to Microsoft, the website was renamed Lumia Beta Apps. It was discontinued in 2015. The service was revived by HMD Global in 2017 for Nokia Android smartphones, allowing members to test Android 8.0 Oreo beta.The applications provided by Beta Apps are in development, but are considered "mature" enough to be released in order to be tested by users worldwide. Anyone can submit feedback about applications, which goes to the development team. After a period of time, an application either "graduated", meaning it is released as a final version, or is removed from the site and placed in an archive.
<That's_My_Mama>	That's My Mama is an American television sitcom that was originally broadcast on the ABC network from September 4, 1974 until December 24, 1975. There are 39 episodes of this series. That's My Mama was never a ratings success, having always been beaten by NBC's Little House on the Prairie among other competing network programs. It was not one of the top 30 most-watched U.S. programs in the Nielsen ratings for either the 1974–1975 or 1975–1976 television seasons. As a result, the series ended on Christmas Eve of 1975. It was the first series to be produced by Columbia Pictures Television.Set in a middle-class African American neighborhood in Washington, D.C., the program revolved around the character Clifton Curtis (played by Clifton Davis), a man in his mid-20s who worked as a barber at Oscar's Barber Shop, the family barber shop he had inherited from his late father. While Clifton enjoyed being a bachelor, his loving, but tart-tongued and opinionated mother Eloise "Mama" Curtis, played by Theresa Merritt, wanted him to settle down and find a nice wife. Additional characters – such as Clifton's two best friends—Earl, played by Teddy Wilson, an easy-going mailman and Junior, played by Ted Lange, a suave and good-humored ladies' man—came and went over the course of a typical day at Oscar's Barber Shop. Other characters included Tracy, Clifton's little sister, played by Lynne Moody and later by Joan Pringle and her husband, Leonard, played by Lisle Wilson, as well as local seniors Josh and Wildcat, played by DeForest Covan and Jester Hairston. Clifton Davis and Hairston would work together again years later in the hit sitcom, Amen.The original name for That's My Mama was The Furst Family of Washington.  One year before the series debuted, ABC aired the pilot episode of this version, starring Merritt opposite Godfrey Cambridge as her son Oscar, as a one-off special.
<Rianti_Cartwright>	Rianti Rhiannon Cartwright (born 22 September 1983) is an Indonesian actress, model, presenter and VJ. She's best known for her leading role as 'Aisha' in a romantic religious Indonesian hit movie Ayat-Ayat Cinta (Verses of Love) in 2008 and become a VJ for MTV Indonesia since 2005.Cartwright was born in Bandung, West Java, to a Welsh father and a Sundanese mother. She has one older brother. Cartwright was born a Muslim and is trilingual (Indonesian, Sundanese and English). At the age of five her family moved to the UK until her teens, when they moved back to Indonesia. She later attended Bandung International School. Cartwright graduated from University of Tasmania with a Bachelor of Commerce majoring in International Business and Marketing.Cartwright has also been an editor for Maxx-M magazine, a local magazine in Bandung.
<David_Louis_Band>	David Louis Band or David L. Band (9 January 1957 – 16 March 2009) was an astronomer who studied the theory of gamma-ray bursts.David Band was born January 9, 1957, in Boston, Massachusetts to a Jewish family. His father was Arnold Band, professor of Jewish and Hebrew literature at University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), and his mother was Ora Band, Hebrew teacher.After graduating from Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in Physics (1979), David continued as a graduate student in Physics at Harvard. He got his MA in 1980 and his Ph.D. Physics at Harvard in 1985 in the title of "Non-thermal Radiation Mechanisms and Processes in SS 433 and Active Galactic Nuclei", supervised by Prof. Jonathan Grindlay.
<Cruz_Azul>	Club de Futbol Cruz Azul or simply  Cruz Azul (pronounced [kɾus a'sul]) is a professional football club based in Mexico City, Mexico. It competes in the Liga MX, the top division of Mexican football. Because "azul" means "blue" in Spanish, the club has traditionally worn a blue home kit.Founded in Jasso, Hidalgo, the club moved officially to Mexico City in 1971, where it had already registered a great presence and activity since its beginnings. Estadio Azteca, the nation's largest sports venue, served as their home venue until 1996, when they moved to the Estadio Azul. After 22 years the team returned to the Azteca at the conclusion of the 2017-18 Liga MX season. Its headquarters are in La Noria, a suburb within Xochimilco in the southern part of Mexico City.Cruz Azul has been in the Primera División champion nine times, trailing Toluca's 10, C.D. Guadalajara's 12, and Club América's 13. Cruz Azul's six titles makes it the second-most successful club in the history of the CONCACAF Champions League, the most prestigious international club competition in North American football, trailing intracity rival Club América. Cruz Azul was also the first CONCACAF team to reach the final of the Copa Libertadores, the most prestigious club competition in South American football (which invited top Liga MX clubs from 1998 to 2017), losing on penalties to Argentine football giants Boca Juniors in 2001. In the 1968–69 season, Cruz Azul was the first CONCACAF club (and third worldwide) to complete a rare Continental Treble, winning the Mexican Primera División championship, the Copa México national tournament, and the CONCACAF Champions League.
<A_Supposedly_Fun_Thing_I'll_Never_Do_Again>	A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again: Essays and Arguments is a 1997 collection of nonfiction writing by David Foster Wallace.In the title essay, originally published in Harper's as "Shipping Out", Wallace describes the excesses of his one-week trip in the Caribbean aboard the cruise ship MV Zenith, which he rechristens the Nadir. He is uncomfortable with the professional hospitality industry and the "fun" he should be having, and explains how the indulgences of the cruise cause introspection, leading to overwhelming internal despair. Wallace uses footnotes extensively for various asides.Another essay in the same volume takes up the vulgarities and excesses of the Illinois State Fair. This collection also includes Wallace's influential essay "E Unibus Pluram" on television's impact on contemporary literature and the use of irony in American culture. In 2019, the collection was ranked in Slate as one of the 50 greatest nonfiction works of the past 25 years.
<Ignác_Gyulay>	French Revolutionary WarsNapoleonic Wars
<Living_It_Up_(UK_TV_series)>	Living It Up was a black-and-white British sitcom starring Arthur Askey and Richard Murdoch that ran for nine episodes from 1957 to 1958. It was written by Sid Colin and Talbot Rothwell. It was made for the ITV network by Associated-Rediffusion. All nine episodes survive in the archives.Living It Up was a TV version of the BBC radio comedy Band Waggon, and a film had also been made starring impresario Jack Hylton. In Living It Up Arthur Askey and Stinker were living in a flat on top of the A-R's Television House in Aldwych. Askey's daughter appeared as herself, as she had done in Love and Kisses in 1955. The characters would often speak directly to the studio audience, and Leila Williams, who would later become Blue Peter's first female presenter, made a guest appearance, as did Valentine Dyall.
<Kate_Walsh_(actress)>	Kathleen Erin Walsh (born October 13, 1967) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Dr. Addison Montgomery on the ABC television dramas Grey's Anatomy and Private Practice. She is also known for her roles as Rebecca Wright on the short-lived NBC sitcom Bad Judge, Olivia Baker on 13 Reasons Why, Nicki Fifer on the ABC sitcom The Drew Carey Show, and The Handler on The Umbrella Academy, and Emily in Paris.Walsh was born in San Jose, California, the daughter of Angela and Joseph Patrick Walsh Sr. She grew up in a Catholic household in Tucson, Arizona. Her mother is of Italian descent, and her father was Irish, from Navan in County Meath.
<Rajendra_Shukla>	Rajendra Shukla may refer to:
<Arch_Hall_Jr.>	Arch Hall Jr. (born December 2, 1943) is an American former actor.Born in Van Nuys, California, Hall began his career as a teen actor and musician, appearing in a number of early 1960s films that were all produced by his father, Arch Hall Sr. Most of Hall Jr.'s films featured his particular musical abilities, a teenager's tenor voice and guitar riffs played with swamp blues inflection. Hall was also the frontman for the rock n' roll combo Arch Hall Jr. and the Archers. The band, formed with high school friend Alan O'Day (who later wrote No. 1 pop hits in the 1970s) played Sunset Strip clubs such as the Whisky a Go Go and Pandora's Box.
<Mobile,_Alabama>	Mobile (/moʊˈbiːl/ moh-BEEL, French: [mɔbil] (listen)) is a city and the county seat of Mobile County, Alabama, United States. The population within the city limits was 187,041 at the 2020 census, down from 195,111 at the 2010 census. It is the fourth-most-populous city in Alabama, after Huntsville, Birmingham, and Montgomery.Alabama's only saltwater port, Mobile is located on the Mobile River at the head of Mobile Bay on the north-central Gulf Coast. The Port of Mobile has always played a key role in the economic health of the city, beginning with the settlement as an important trading center between the French colonists and Native Americans, down to its current role as the 12th-largest port in the United States.
<Mathias_Coureur>	Mathias Coureur (born 22 March 1988 in Fort-de-France) is a Martiniquais professional footballer who plays as a forward.Born in Martinique, Coureur started his professional career in France, playing for Beauvais, Nantes B and Gueugnon, before moving to Spanish side Orihuela in 2010. He later spent one-and-a-half seasons with fellow Segunda División B club Atlético Baleares. With Baleares, he won the 2011–12 Segunda División B Group III title. In early 2013 Coureur returned to his country to play for Golden Lion.
<Dilma_Rousseff>	Dilma Vana Rousseff (Brazilian Portuguese: [ˈdʒiwmɐ ˈvɐ̃nɐ ʁuˈsɛf(i)]; born 14 December 1947) is a Brazilian economist and politician who served as the 36th president of Brazil, holding the position from 2011 until her impeachment and removal from office on 31 August 2016. She is the first woman to have held the Brazilian presidency and had previously served as chief of staff to former president Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva from 2005 to 2010.Rousseff was raised in an upper middle class household in Belo Horizonte. She became a socialist in her youth and after the 1964 coup d'état joined left-wing and Marxist urban guerrilla groups that fought against the military dictatorship. Rousseff was captured, tortured, and jailed from 1970 to 1972.
<SK_Sturm_Graz>	Sportklub Sturm Graz is an Austrian association football club, based in Graz, Styria, playing in the Austrian Football Bundesliga. The club was founded in 1909. Its colours are black and white.In its history, Sturm Graz has won the Austrian football championship three times, in 1998, 1999 and 2011, and participated several times in the UEFA Champions League and UEFA Europa League. Their biggest rivals are Graz neighbours Grazer AK.
<Government_of_Austria>	Wöginger • Rendi-Wagner • Kickl • Maurer • Meinl-Reisinger •
<Party_of_Democratic_Socialism_(Germany)>	The Party of Democratic Socialism (German: Partei des Demokratischen Sozialismus, PDS) was a democratic socialist political party in Germany active between 1989 and 2007. It was the legal successor to the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED), which ruled the German Democratic Republic (East Germany) as a state party until 1990. From 1990 through to 2005, the PDS had been seen as the left-wing "party of the East". While it achieved minimal support in western Germany, it regularly won 15% to 25% of the vote in the eastern new states of Germany, entering coalition governments (with the Social Democratic Party of Germany, SPD) in the federal states of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern and Berlin.In 2005, the PDS, renamed The Left Party.PDS (Die Linkspartei.PDS) entered an electoral alliance with the Western Germany-based Electoral Alternative for Labour and Social Justice (WASG) and won 8.7% of the vote in Germany's September 2005 federal elections (more than double the 4% share achieved by the PDS alone in the 2002 federal election). On 16 June 2007, the two groupings merged to form a new party called The Left (Die Linke).The party had many socially progressive policies, including support for legalisation of same-sex marriage and greater social welfare for immigrants.
<Manchester>	Manchester (/ˈmæntʃɪstər, -tʃɛs-/) is a city in Greater Manchester, England. It had a population of 552,000 in 2021. It is bordered by the Cheshire Plain to the south, the Pennines to the north and east, and the neighbouring city of Salford to the west. The two cities and the surrounding towns form one of the United Kingdom's most populous conurbations, the Greater Manchester Built-up Area, which has a population of 2.87 million.The history of Manchester began with the civilian settlement associated with the Roman fort (castra) of Mamucium or Mancunium, established in about AD 79 on a sandstone bluff near the confluence of the rivers Medlock and Irwell. Historically part of Lancashire, areas of Cheshire south of the River Mersey were incorporated into Manchester in the 20th century, including Wythenshawe in 1931. Throughout the Middle Ages Manchester remained a manorial township, but began to expand "at an astonishing rate" around the turn of the 19th century. Manchester's unplanned urbanisation was brought on by a boom in textile manufacture during the Industrial Revolution, and resulted in it becoming the world's first industrialised city. Manchester achieved city status in 1853. The Manchester Ship Canal opened in 1894, creating the Port of Manchester and linking the city to the Irish Sea, 36 miles (58 km) to the west. Its fortune declined after the Second World War, owing to deindustrialisation, and the IRA bombing in 1996 led to extensive investment and regeneration. Following considerable redevelopment, Manchester was the host city for the 2002 Commonwealth Games.
<Robert_Trent_Jones>	Robert Trent Jones Sr. (June 20, 1906 – June 14, 2000) was a British–American golf course architect who designed or re-designed more than 500 golf courses in 45 U.S. states and 35 countries. In reference to this, Jones took pride in saying, "The sun never sets on a Robert Trent Jones golf course." He is often confused with the famous amateur golfer Bobby Jones with whom he worked from time to time.  Jones received the 1987 Old Tom Morris Award from the Golf Course Superintendents Association of America, GCSAA's highest honor. Also in 1987, he was inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame.Robert Trent Jones was born on June 20, 1906, in Ince-in-Makerfield, England, to Welsh parents. At age five or six, Jones emigrated with his parents to the United States, where they arrived in East Rochester, New York. Jones worked as a caddie at The Country Club of Rochester and accepted a job as golf professional at Sodus Bay Heights Golf Club in nearby Sodus Point, New York. He met Donald Ross as a youth and, taking up the game, recorded the best score of all the amateur golfers at the 1927 Canadian Open and set a course record at Rochester.While working as a golf professional, Jones attended Cornell University, undergoing a customized course of study that would allow him to pursue his interest in golf course design, during which time he designed nine holes of the university's golf course, now known as the Robert Trent Jones Golf Course at Cornell University (he designed the other nine holes in 1954). While at Cornell, Jones joined Delta Kappa Epsilon (DKE) Fraternity.
<Toyota_Vitz>	The Toyota Vitz (Japanese: トヨタ・ヴィッツ, Hepburn: Toyota Vittsu) is a subcompact car produced by the Japanese automobile manufacturer Toyota from 1999 to 2019 in a three- or five-door hatchback body styles. The "Vitz" nameplate was used consistently in Japan, while most international markets received the same vehicle as the Toyota Yaris, or as the Toyota Echo in some markets for the first generation. The Vitz was available in Japan from Toyota's Netz Store dealerships. Toyota began production in Japan and later assembled the vehicle in other Asian countries and in France.By 2010, the first two generations had achieved in excess of 3.5 million sales in over 70 countries, including more than 1.4 million in Japan.
<John_Marsden_(footballer)>	John Edward Marsden (born 9 December 1992) is an English footballer. He has previously played in the Football League for Shrewsbury Town, and had a nomadic career in non-league football.Marsden played youth team football with Wrexham and Wigan Athletic, and was a prolific goal scorer for Liverpool Schoolboys at under-14 and under-15 levels. He joined Scottish club Celtic at the age of 16, signing a professional contract. He spent the 2010–11 season on loan to Hamilton Academical's youth team. Whilst at Celtic, Marsden suffered a broken foot, all but ending his chances of breaking into the first team, and was subsequently released. He moved on to Rochdale, playing on non-contract terms for their reserve side and scoring eight in 14 games. After a contract failed to materialise, however, he joined Welsh Premier League side Aberystwyth Town and then Stockport Sports.
<PoliticsPA>	PoliticsPA.com is a website centered on the politics of Pennsylvania.The website reports on political and campaign news in Pennsylvania, from the state legislature up to federal races. The editors write occasional features, like the weekly "Up & Down" scorecard and one-off lists like "Harrisburg's Smartest Staffers" and "Best Dressed Lobbyist" lists.  In addition, PoliticsPa.com accepts anonymous tips; In 2012, it was the first news source to report that Tom Smith would challenge Bob Casey in the United States Senate race, as well as the fact that Governor Tom Corbett had endorsed Steve Welch in the contest. In 2004, it was the first news source to report in 2004 that Pennsylvania Senator Arlen Specter would face Pat Toomey in the Republican primary and that Joe Hoeffel would seek the Democratic nomination that year. On occasion, the website hosts original documents including political television and radio ads, campaign fliers, and controversial letters.The editors of the website operate under the pseudonym "Sy Snyder," a nod to the former Pennsylvania Governor Simon Snyder Terry Madonna, professor at Franklin and Marshall College, said in 2003 that the level of expertise demonstrated on the site implies that "Sy Snyder" must be a reporter, a politician or a consultant. Specific speculation ranges from political reporters Pete DeCoursey and Charlie Thompson to former State Representative Tom Druce.
<Harris_Yulin>	Harris Yulin (born November 5, 1937) is an American actor who has appeared in over a hundred film and television series roles, such as Scarface (1983), Ghostbusters II (1989), Clear and Present Danger (1994), Looking for Richard (1996), The Hurricane (1999), Training Day (2001), and Frasier which earned him a Primetime Emmy Award nomination in 1996.Yulin was born on November 5, 1937, in Los Angeles, California. He  was raised in a Jewish home.[citation needed]Yulin made his New York debut in 1963 in Next Time I'll Sing to You by James Saunders and continued to work frequently in theater throughout his career.[better source needed]
<Kaiser_Broadcasting>	The Kaiser Broadcasting Corp. was an American broadcast media company that owned and operated television and radio stations in the United States from 1957 to 1977.Kaiser's involvement in broadcasting began in 1957 when the Henry J. Kaiser Company Ltd., a multi-industrial conglomerate led by the eponymous industrialist, signed on KHVH and independent KHVH-TV (channel 13) in Honolulu, Hawaii, within two months of each other. Both stations were located in the Hawaiian Village Hotel, which Kaiser also owned and from which the call sign was derived. Kaiser purchased KULA-TV (channel 4) on May 8, 1958, changed its calls to KHVH-TV on July 16, 1958, and returned the original KHVH-TV license to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). Kaiser also acquired San Francisco station KBAY-FM in 1960, renaming it KFOG-FM and implementing a beautiful music format.
<The_Hairdresser_of_Harare>	The Hairdresser of Harare is a novel by Tendai Huchu, first published in 2010. It chronicles an account of contemporary Zimbabwe seen through the eyes of the eponymous character of the book, a hairdresser working in Harare.This article about a 2010s novel is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Sally_Bedell_Smith>	Sarah Bedell Smith (born May 27, 1948) is an American journalist and biographer. She has been a contributing editor for Vanity Fair since 1996. Previously, she was a cultural news reporter for  New York Times and Time. She has written biographies of political, cultural, and business figures in the United States and members of the British royal family.Sarah Rowbotham was born in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania. She is the daughter of Ruth (Kirk) and James Howard Rowbotham, a brigadier general and businessman. She grew up in the nearby town of St. Davids. She graduated from Radnor High School in 1966 and was inducted into the school's Hall of Fame in November 2008. She earned her Bachelor of Arts from Wheaton College and Master of Science from Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism, where she won the Robert Sherwood Memorial Travel-Study Scholarship and the Women's Press Club of New York Award.Smith spent her early career  as a cultural news reporter for Time, TV Guide, and The New York Times. In 1996, she joined Vanity Fair as contributing editor. 
<Kevin_McNally>	Kevin Robert McNally (born 27 April 1956) is an English actor and writer. He is known for portraying Joshamee Gibbs in the Pirates of the Caribbean film series.Born in Bristol, McNally spent his early years in Birmingham, attending Redhill Junior School on Redhill Road in Hay Mills and Mapledene Junior School (now Mapledene Primary School) on Mapledene Road in Sheldon. He went to Central Grammar School for Boys on Gressel Lane in Tile Cross.
<Aarón_Ñíguez>	Aarón Ñíguez Esclápez (born 26 April 1989) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a winger.A Valencia youth graduate, he was capped by Spain at various youth levels, and competed mainly in Segunda División during his career, also having brief abroad spells in Greece, Scotland, Portugal and Malaysia.
<Varsity_(bar)>	Varsity was a student-focused pub chain operating in the United Kingdom. The name originates from annual university sports competitions. It entered administration in 2013.  Coventry is the only remaining pub bearing the name Varsity which is now operated by Stonegate Pub Company.The chain began in the mid-1990s. Its main competitor was Scream Pubs. Varsity was more sports-orientated than It's A Scream.
<Robert_Venturi>	Robert Charles Venturi Jr. (June 25, 1925 – September 18, 2018) was an American architect, founding principal of the firm Venturi, Scott Brown and Associates, and one of the major architectural figures of the twentieth century.Together with his wife and partner, Denise Scott Brown, he helped shape the way that architects, planners and students experience and think about architecture and the built environment. Their buildings, planning, theoretical writings, and teaching have also contributed to the expansion of discourse about architecture.Venturi was awarded the Pritzker Prize in Architecture in 1991; the prize was awarded to him alone, despite a request to include his equal partner, Scott Brown. Subsequently, a group of women architects attempted to get her name added retroactively to the prize, but the Pritzker Prize jury declined to do so. Venturi is also known for having coined the maxim "Less is a bore", a postmodern antidote to Mies van der Rohe's famous modernist dictum "Less is more". Venturi lived in Philadelphia with Denise Scott Brown. He is the father of James Venturi, founder and principal of ReThink Studio.
<TV_Alterosa>	TV Alterosa is a television station in Belo Horizonte, capital of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. It transmits programming of the national Sistema Brasileiro de Televisão in Minas Gerais, as well as  local programs on channels 5 VHF analog and 36 UHF digital.TV Alterosa was founded on 13 March 1962.
<The_Fast_Show>	The Fast Show, known as Brilliant in the US, is a BBC comedy sketch show that ran from 1994 to 1997, with specials in 2000 and 2014. The show's central performers were Paul Whitehouse, Charlie Higson, Simon Day, Mark Williams, John Thomson, Arabella Weir and Caroline Aherne. Other significant cast members included Felix Dexter, Paul Shearer, Rhys Thomas, Jeff Harding, Maria McErlane, Eryl Maynard, Colin McFarlane and Donna Ewin.Loosely structured and reliant on character sketches, running gags and many catchphrases, its fast-paced "blackout" style set it apart from traditional sketch series because of the number and relative brevity of its sketches; a typical half-hour TV sketch comedy of the period might have consisted of nine or ten major items, with contrived situations and extended setups, whereas the premiere episode featured 27 sketches in 30 minutes, with some items lasting less than ten seconds and none running longer than three minutes. Its style and presentation influenced many later series such as Little Britain and The Catherine Tate Show.The show was released on VHS, DVD and audio CD. Some of its characters, such as Ted and Ralph and Swiss Toni, have had their own spin-off programmes. It also produced two national tours, the first in 1998, with the cast of the BBC surrealist comedy quiz show Shooting Stars, and the second, their Farewell Tour, in 2002. Higson announced on 5 September 2011 that The Fast Show would return for a new, online-only series. The series was later shown as two 30-minute parts rather than the original eleven short episodes as part of a 50th birthday celebration for BBC2, the channel on which originally aired.
<Randy_DuBurke>	Randy DuBurke (born 1962) is an American artist best known as the author and illustrator of the Steptoe Award winning book The Moon Ring (2003) and as the illustrator of Yummy: the Last Days of a Southside Shorty (2010). He previously worked as a comic book artist in the 1980s and 1990s.Randy DuBurke was born in Washington, Georgia in 1962. He graduated from New York Technical College with a graphic arts degree.
<Roh_Hoe-chan>	Roh Hoe-chan (Korean: 노회찬, 31 August 1956 – 23 July 2018) was a South Korean politician. He was a member of the 17th, 19th, and 20th National Assemblies. Roh was involved with multiple progressive-leaning parties, lately with the Justice Party from 2012 until his death in 2018.Roh was born on 31 August 1956 in Busan into a middle-class household. He attended the prestigious Kyunggi High School in the 1970s. Afterwards, Roh went to college, taking part in political movements, and in 1982 was hired as a welder at a factory where he  organized the factory workers. Roh was instrumental in the formation of the Incheon Democratic Workers' Federation (인천민주노동자연맹) with the aim of creating the workers' party. He was jailed for 30 months after being caught by the government in 1989, accused of breaking the National Security Act.
<Forthnet>	Nova Telecommunications S.M.S.A. is a telecommunications company in Greece which provides broadband, television and fixed telephony. It also offers satellite services in Cyprus. It is traded on the Athens Exchange until its delisting in 2021.In June 2016 the services for clients and SMEs were rebranded under the Nova brand. The company gave up Forthnet brand completely in June 2020.On 29 May 2020 BC Partners' United Group agreed to purchase a majority stake in Nova from a consortium of 4 Greek banks. As of 29 April 2021 is the sole shareholder.
<Unipol>	Unipol Gruppo S.p.A. is an Italian financial services holding company operating in the insurance and banking fields with headquarters in the Unipol Tower, Bologna.  As of 2009 it was ranked as the country's fourth-largest insurer.The company trades under a number of brands: for insurance it uses the brands UnipolSai Assicurazioni, Linear Assicurazioni, Linear Life, UniSalute and Arca Vita.Unipol Assicurazioni was founded in 1962 in Bologna as a cooperative provider of non-life insurance.
<Sarah_Tansey>	Sarah Victoria M Tansey (born 1971 Wimbledon, London) is a British actress. She had a role in Heartbeat as pharmacist Jenny Merton (née Latimer) who was brought in to help Dr Summerbee (Clare Calbraith) in the Aidensfield surgery. When Dr Summerbee was killed off, Jenny continued as the pharmacist alongside Dr Merrick, but she developed mental health symptoms and was diagnosed with mania, which was Sarah and Duncan Bell’s (Dennis Merton) exit storyline. Other roles included the shows Casualty, Where the Heart Is and The Bill. She has also appeared in films Far from the Madding Crowd (1998) and Beginner's Luck (2001). She is married to actor Hywel Simons.[citation needed]
<UD_Salamanca>	Unión Deportiva Salamanca, S.A.D. (Spanish pronunciation: [uˈnjon depoɾˈtiβa salaˈmaŋka]) was a historical Spanish football team based in Salamanca, in the autonomous community of Castile and León.Founded on 9 February 1923 and nicknamed Los Charros, the club played in white shirts and black shorts, holding home games at Estadio Helmántico, which seated 17,341 spectators.Initially formed by Irish students, Salamanca first played in early Spanish championships in 1907, before an official league was founded later on. On 16 March 1923, at the tables of Café Novelty, situated in the Plaza Mayor, Dionisio Ridruejo set the club's early official foundations and, from 1939 and during the following three decades, it fluctuated between the third and the second levels of the Spanish football league.
<Papaya_Studio>	Papaya Studio was an independent American video game developer based in Irvine, California. It was known for titles on the Xbox 360, Wii, PC, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable, Nintendo 3DS and Nintendo DS.
<Walter_Murphy>	Walter Anthony Murphy Jr. (born December 19, 1952) is an American composer, keyboardist, songwriter, and record producer. He is best known for the instrumental "A Fifth of Beethoven", a disco adaptation of Beethoven's Fifth Symphony which topped the charts in 1976 and was featured on the Saturday Night Fever soundtrack in 1977. Further classical–disco fusions followed, such as "Flight '76", "Rhapsody in Blue", "Toccata and Funk in 'D' Minor", "Bolero", and "Mostly Mozart", but were not as successful.In a career spanning over five decades, Murphy has written music for numerous films and TV shows, including The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson, The Savage Bees, Stingray, Wiseguy, The Commish, Profit, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Looney Tunes, and How Murray Saved Christmas. He has had a long-running partnership with Seth MacFarlane, composing music for his films and TV shows such as Family Guy, The Cleveland Show, American Dad!, Ted, and Ted 2.
<Min_Aung_Myat>	Min Aung Myat (Burmese: မင်းအောင်မြတ်, pronounced [mɪ́ɴ ʔàʊɴ mjaʔ]; also Saw Aung Myat) was the chief queen consort of King Naratheinkha, and the Queen of the Southern Palace of King Sithu II of the Pagan Dynasty of Myanmar (Burma). King Sithu I and Queen Khin U were her maternal grandparents. Naratheinkha and Sithu II were her second cousins. She and Naratheinkha were married by their grandfather king. She had a daughter Saw Pyei Chantha with Naratheinkha but their child died in early 1170s during the reign of Naratheinkha.She became a queen of her brother-in-law Sithu II in 1174 when Sithu II overthrew Naratheinkha. She retained the title Taung Pyinthe ("Queen of the Southern Palace") but was no longer the chief queen. (Weluwaddy was the chief queen who partook in the coronation ceremony.) According to the chronicle Yazawin Thit, no extant records say she had any children with Sithu II, and seemed to have died around the same time or right before as Weluwaddy since a new queen was raised to the rank of Taung Pyinthe, right after Weluwaddy's death in 1186.
<A_Bug's_Life>	A Bug's Life is a 1998 American computer-animated comedy film produced by Pixar Animation Studios for Walt Disney Pictures. It was the second feature-length film produced by Pixar. Directed by John Lasseter and co-directed by Andrew Stanton, the film involves a misfit ant, Flik, who is looking for "tough warriors" to save his colony from a protection racket run by a gang of grasshoppers. Unfortunately, the "warriors" he brings back turn out to be an inept troupe of Circus Bugs.The film was initially inspired by Aesop's fable The Ant and the Grasshopper. Production began shortly after the release of Toy Story in 1995. The screenplay was penned by Stanton and comedy writers Donald McEnery and Bob Shaw from a story by Lasseter, Stanton, and Joe Ranft. The ants in the film were redesigned to be more appealing, and Pixar's animation unit employed technical innovations in computer animation. Randy Newman composed the music for the film. During production, a controversial public feud erupted between Steve Jobs and Lasseter of Pixar and DreamWorks co-founder Jeffrey Katzenberg due to the parallel production of his similar film Antz, which was released the same year.
<Martha_Bernays>	Martha Bernays (/bɜːrˈneɪz/ bur-NAYZ, German: [bɛʁˈnaɪs]; 26 July 1861 – 2 November 1951) was the wife of Austrian psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud.Bernays was the second daughter of Emmeline and Berman Bernays. Her paternal grandfather Isaac Bernays was a Chief Rabbi of Hamburg.
<Republic_of_Ireland_national_under-21_football_team>	The Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team, is the national under-21 football team of the Republic of Ireland and is controlled by the Football Association of Ireland. The team played its first match in 1978 and has competed in the UEFA European Under-21 Championship since 1988.As a European under-21 team, the Republic of Ireland participates in the UEFA European Under-21 Championship, which takes place every two years. There is no Under-21 World Cup, although there is an Under-20 World Cup. Ireland did not enter the first five Under-21 Championships, entering for the first time in 1988 but failing to qualify. Ireland have never qualified for the European Under-21 Championships.The four play-off winners qualify for the final tournament.
<Gangrel_(wrestler)>	David William Heath (born February 16, 1969) is an American semi-retired  professional wrestler. He is best known for his appearances in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) from 1998 to 2001 and intermittently throughout the mid-2000s under the ring name Gangrel. In recent time, he has worked in All Elite Wrestling.Heath was trained by Boris Malenko in Florida. When his training was complete, he began performing in various independent promotions in the Florida area. In the Independent Professional Wrestling (IPW) promotion he won the IPW Tag Team Championship, before moving to Stampede Wrestling, where he formed a tag team with Tom Nash known as "The Blackhearts". Heath and Nash competed under masks as "Destruction" and "Apocalypse" respectively. They won the Stampede International Tag Team Championship as a team.
<Hugh_Cruttwell>	Hugh Cruttwell (31 October 1918 – 24 August 2002) was an influential English teacher of drama and principal of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.Hugh Percival Cruttwell was born in Singapore, but lived in England from the age of eight. He was educated at King's School, Bruton, in Somerset, and studied history at Hertford College, Oxford. He began his career as an assistant stage manager at the Theatre Royal, Windsor. He soon became an associate director and over a period of three years directed sixty plays. While working at Theatre Royal, he first met his future wife, actress Geraldine McKeown (who later took the stage name Geraldine McEwan). The couple married in 1953, and had two children: daughter Claudia and son Greg, an actor, screenwriter, director and film producer.
<Kevin_Nealon>	Kevin Nealon (/ˈniːlən/; born November 18, 1953) is an American comedian and actor. He was a cast member on Saturday Night Live from 1986 to 1995, acted in several of the Happy Madison films, played Doug Wilson on the Showtime series Weeds, and provided the voice of the title character, Glenn Martin, on Glenn Martin, DDS.Nealon was born on November 18, 1953, in St. Louis, Missouri, one of five children of Kathleen M. (née Kimball; 1928–2020) and Emmett F. Nealon (1925–2018), an aircraft company executive. A few months after he was born, the family moved to Bridgeport, Connecticut; when he was six, they moved to Germany for four years.  He is of Irish descent and was raised Catholic. He graduated from St. Joseph High School in Trumbull, Connecticut, in 1971 and earned a bachelor's degree in marketing from Sacred Heart University. He then took night courses at Fairfield University, where he played quarterback on the football team.Nealon played guitar in bands during high school and gravitated to comedy in college. In 1977, he moved to San Diego and then to Los Angeles, where he learned his craft at the Improv while tending bar there for a living. He had been doing stand-up for six years when he made his network television debut on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson in 1984. He later became a regular there and on Late Night with David Letterman.
<Philip_May>	Sir Philip John May (born 18 September 1957) is an English investment manager. He is the husband of Theresa May, who was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 2016 to 2019.May was born in Norwich in 1957. His father was a sales representative for a shoe wholesaler, while his mother taught French. He grew up on the Wirral, attending school in Heswall and then Calday Grange Grammar School in West Kirby. May studied history at Lincoln College, Oxford, and was elected President of the Oxford Union in 1979. He succeeded future Conservative MP Sir Alan Duncan in the role before handing over the baton to journalist Michael Crick.
<Church_of_the_Guardian_Angel_(Manhattan)>	The Church of the Guardian Angel is a Roman Catholic church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York, located at 193 Tenth Avenue, Chelsea, Manhattan, New York City, New York.The present Southern Sicilian Romanesque-style brick church at 193 Tenth Avenue was built 1930 to the designs of John Van Pelt of Van Pelt, Hardy & Goubert. Plan were filed in 1929, and it was likely begun that year. Stylistically, it is similar to Van Pelt's other churches in Manhattan and the Bronx. The church design "is reminiscent of the early Romanesque sculpture at the abbey of Moissac. Both churches have a scalloped profile that seems to incorporate a bit of Moorish influence. Both the human and animal forms are treated with the same incredible flexibility...." The AIA Guide to New York City (1988) writes "The church's simple brick and limestone Southern Sicilian Romanesque facade merges with the Tuscan village forms of auxiliary buildings to the north in a well- related group." AIA Guide to New York City (2010) describes the church as "lush brick and limestone, Italian Romanesque, backed up snug against the High Line. Despite the obvious difference in style and materials, the two were built around the same time."The parish was founded in 1888 by the Rev. William A. O'Neill, who remained pastor until 1895 when he was transferred to St. Ann's as rector. The first church was dedicated June 10, 1888 by Bishop Conroy. The address for the first church was located at 513 West 23rd Street, as recorded in 1892.
<Glengarry_Glen_Ross>	Glengarry Glen Ross is a play by David Mamet that won the Pulitzer Prize in 1984. The play shows parts of two days in the lives of four desperate Chicago real estate agents who are prepared to engage in any number of unethical, illegal acts—from lies and flattery to bribery, threats, intimidation and burglary—to sell real estate to unwitting prospective buyers. It is based on Mamet's experience having previously worked in a similar office.The title comes from two real estate developments mentioned in the play.  Glengarry Highlands is the prime real estate everyone is attempting to sell now; Glen Ross Farms is mentioned by several characters as having been very lucrative for those selling it several years ago.
<Antoine_Fuqua>	Antoine Fuqua (born January 19, 1966) is an American filmmaker, known for his work in the action and thriller genres. He was originally known as a director of music videos, and made his film debut in 1998 with The Replacement Killers. His critical breakthrough was the award-winning 2001 crime thriller Training Day. His subsequent films include Tears of the Sun (2003), King Arthur (2004), Shooter (2007), Brooklyn's Finest (2009), Olympus Has Fallen (2013), The Equalizer (2014) and its 2018 sequel, Southpaw (2015), the 2016 remake of The Magnificent Seven, and Infinite (2021). He often collaborates with actors Denzel Washington and Mark Wahlberg. He also directed the critically-acclaimed documentaries American Dream/American Knightmare (2018) and What's My Name: Muhammad Ali (2019), and the 2022 Hulu documentary series Legacy: The True Story of the LA Lakers. 
<New_Jersey>	New Jersey is a state in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern regions of the United States. It is bordered on the north and east by the state of New York; on the east, southeast, and south by the Atlantic Ocean; on the west by the Delaware River and Pennsylvania; and on the southwest by Delaware Bay and the state of Delaware. At 7,354 square miles (19,050 km2), New Jersey is the fifth-smallest state in land area; but with close to 9.3 million residents, it ranks 11th in population and first in population density. The state capital is Trenton, and the most populous city is Newark. With the exception of Warren County, all of the state's 21 counties lie within the combined statistical areas of New York City or Philadelphia.New Jersey was first inhabited by Native Americans for at least 2,800 years, with the Lenape being the dominant group when Europeans arrived in the early 17th century. Dutch and Swedish colonists founded the first European settlements in the state. The British later seized control of the region and established the Province of New Jersey, named after the largest of the Channel Islands. The colony's fertile lands and relative religious tolerance drew a large and diverse population. New Jersey was among the Thirteen Colonies that supported the American Revolution, hosting multiple pivotal battles and military commands in the American Revolutionary War. The state remained in, and supported, the Union during the American Civil War. Following the Civil War's end, the state emerged as a major national center of manufacturing and immigration, helping drive the Industrial Revolution and becoming the site for many industrial, technological, and commercial innovations into the mid 20th century.
<Gertrude_Olmstead>	Gertrude Olmstead (November 13, 1897 – January 18, 1975) was an American actress of the silent era. She appeared in 56 films between 1920 and 1929. Her last name was sometimes seen as Olmsted.Olmstead was born in Chicago, Illinois, and was noticed after winning a 5,900-entrant contest to represent "The Spirit of America" at the 1920 Elks Club national convention. The victory included an opportunity to receive a $10,000 one-year contract to appear in films.
<Raven_Software>	Raven Software Corporation is an American video game developer based in Wisconsin and founded in 1990. In 1997, Raven made an exclusive publishing deal with Activision and was subsequently acquired by them. After the acquisition, many of the studio's original developers, largely responsible for creating the Heretic and Hexen: Beyond Heretic games, left to form Human Head Studios.Raven Software was founded in 1990 by brothers Brian and Steve Raffel. Originally a three-person company, they were discovered by John Romero, co-founder of id Software, who collaborated with Raven to make games using their game engine beginning with ShadowCaster. Raven then started making games with id Software and even briefly moved to the same street as id Software. They used id's engines for many of their games, such as Heretic, Hexen: Beyond Heretic and Hexen II.
<Jacobo_Campos>	Jacobo Campos Piñeiro (born 15 March 1981 in Vigo, Galicia) is a Spanish former footballer who played mainly as a left midfielder.CeltaSpain U17
<Springfield,_Massachusetts>	Springfield is a city in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, United States, and the seat of Hampden County. Springfield sits on the eastern bank of the Connecticut River near its confluence with three rivers: the western Westfield River, the eastern Chicopee River, and the eastern Mill River. At the 2020 census, the city's population was 155,929, making it the third-largest city in Massachusetts, the fourth-most populous city in New England after Boston, Worcester, and Providence, and the 12th-most populous in the Northeastern United States. Metropolitan Springfield, as one of two metropolitan areas in Massachusetts (the other being Greater Boston), had a population of 699,162 in 2020.Springfield was founded in 1636, the first Springfield in the New World. In the late 1700s, during the American Revolution, Springfield was designated by George Washington as the site of the Springfield Armory because of its central location.  Subsequently it was the site of Shays' Rebellion. The city would also play a pivotal role in the Civil War, as a stop on the Underground Railroad and home of abolitionist John Brown, widely known for his raid on Harpers Ferry, and for the Armory's manufacture of the famed "Springfield rifles" used ubiquitously by Union troops. Closing during the Johnson administration, today the national park site features the largest collection of historic American firearms in the world.
<Gli_indifferenti>	Gli Indifferenti (The Time of Indifference, also translated as The Indifferent Ones) is a novel by Alberto Moravia, published in 1929.After a meeting with friends at which it was agreed that each should produce a novel, the young Moravia began writing the story that would become Gli Indifferenti. Moravia sent the manuscript to the editor of 900, a bilingual (Italian-French) review with which he had previously published some short stories. It was dismissed as a "mist of words". The novel was published with a ₤5,000 contribution from Moravia's father, Carlo Pincherle, as the Milanese publisher Alpes was unwilling to take a risk on an unknown author.Gli Indifferenti is a psychological portrayal of the life of a middle-class mother and her two children. The action of the novel takes place largely over two days. Leo, the wealthy lover of Mariagrazia, a middle-class widow, begins an affair with her daughter, Carla. Carla decides that she will sleep with Leo the following day (her twenty-fourth birthday) in order "to begin a new life".
<Anna_Karina>	Anna Karina (born Hanne Karin Blarke Bayer; September 22, 1940 – December 14, 2019) was a Danish-French film avant garde actress, director, writer, and singer. She was French New Wave director Jean-Luc Godard's collaborator in the 1960s, performing in several of his films, including The Little Soldier, A Woman Is a Woman, My Life to Live, Bande à part (Band of Outsiders), Pierrot le Fou (Crazy Pete) and Alphaville. For her performance in A Woman Is a Woman, Karina won the Silver Bear Award for Best Actress at the Berlin Film Festival.In 1972, Karina set up a production company for her directorial debut, Vivre ensemble (1973), which screened in the Critics' Week lineup at the 26th Cannes Film Festival. She also directed the French-Canadian film Victoria (2008). In addition to her work in cinema, she worked as a singer, and wrote several novels.
<Mutsuko_Miki>	Mutsuko Miki (三木 睦子, Miki Mutsuko, 31 July 1917 – 31 July 2012) was a Japanese activist who advocated on behalf of pacifism, official compensation for comfort women, and improved Japan–North Korea relations. She was the widow of former Japanese Prime Minister Takeo Miki. Miki served as the wife of the Prime Minister of Japan, or First Lady, during her husband's two-year tenure from 1974–76.Her father, Nobuteru Mori, held a seat in the Japanese House of Representatives and founded Showa Denko, a major chemical engineering firm. Her brother, Kiyoshi Mori, was the head of the now defunct Management and Coordination Agency, which would later become the interior ministry. Yoshihide Mori, another of Miki's brothers, served as the chief of the Environment Agency, the forerunner of the present-day Ministry of the Environment.She married Takeo Miki in 1940. Mutsuko Miki held the title of wife of the Prime Minister, from 1974-76. Takeo Miki died in 1988.
<Hamburger_SV>	Hamburger Sport-Verein e.V. (German: [ˈhambʊʁɡɐ ˈʃpɔʁtfɛɐ̯ˌʔaɪ̯n] (listen)), commonly known as Hamburger SV (pronounced [ˈhambʊʁɡɐ ʔɛsˈfaʊ] (listen)) or Hamburg (pronounced [ˈhambʊʁk] (listen)) is a German sports club based in Hamburg, with its largest branch being its football section. Though the current HSV was founded in June 1919 from a merger of three earlier clubs, it traces its origins to 29 September 1887 when the first of the predecessors, SC Germania, was founded. Up until the 2017–18 Bundesliga season, which found the team relegated for the first time in history, HSV's football team had the distinction of being the only team that had played continuously in the top tier of the German football league system since the founding of the club at the end of World War I. It was subsequently the only team that had played in every season of the Bundesliga since its foundation in 1963.HSV has won the German national championship six times, the DFB-Pokal three times and the former League Cup twice. The team's most successful period was from the mid-1970s until the mid-1980s when, in addition to several domestic honours, they won the 1976–77 European Cup Winners' Cup and the 1982–83 European Cup. The outstanding players of this period were Horst Hrubesch, Manfred Kaltz, and Felix Magath, all regulars in the West German National Team. To date, HSV's last major trophy was the 1986–87 DFB-Pokal.
<SOCOM_U.S._Navy_SEALs>	SOCOM U.S. Navy SEALs is a series of third-person tactical shooter video games for the PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Portable created by Zipper Interactive and released between 2002 and 2011. The title for the series comes from the United States Special Operations Command (SOCOM) which is a Unified Combatant Command. The games focus on various teams of United States Navy SEALs (an operating component under SOCOM) completing missions with occasional help from other special operations forces from around the world such as the SAS, SBS and GROM.SOCOM was one of the earliest titles to use the PS2's online service in North America.A direct sequel for the PlayStation 2 with online play.
<New_Zealand_Reform_Party>	The Reform Party, formally the New Zealand Political Reform League, was New Zealand's second major political party, having been founded as a conservative response to the original Liberal Party. It was in government between 1912 and 1928, and later formed a coalition with the United Party (a remnant of the Liberals), and then merged with United to form the modern National Party.
<Turnberry_(golf_course)>	Turnberry is a golf resort on the Firth of Clyde in Ayrshire, southwest Scotland. It comprises three links golf courses, a golf academy, a five-star James Miller-designed hotel from 1906, along with lodge and cottage accommodations.Turnberry was a popular golf course and resort from its inception, made accessible because of the Maidens and Dunure Light Railway. It closed in both World Wars for military use, and there was concern it would not open following World War II, but it was redesigned by Mackenzie Ross and re-opened in 1951. The course was the scene of the 1977 Open Championship, where Tom Watson scored a close victory over Jack Nicklaus. The property has been owned by the Trump Organization since 2014, who now brand the course Trump Turnberry.
<Georgy_Girl>	Georgy Girl is a 1966 British romantic comedy-drama, starring Lynn Redgrave in the titular role, with Charlotte Rampling, Alan Bates, and James Mason. Directed by Silvio Narizzano, the film was based on the 1965 novel by Margaret Forster.The plot follows the story of a virginal young woman in 1960s Swinging London who is faced with a dilemma when she is pursued by her father's older employer and the young lover of her promiscuous, pregnant flatmate.
<Joan_Crawford>	Joan Crawford (born Lucille Fay LeSueur; March 23, 190? – May 10, 1977) was an American actress. She started her career as a dancer in traveling theatrical companies before debuting on Broadway. Crawford was signed to a motion picture contract by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in 1925. Initially frustrated by the size and quality of her parts, Crawford launched a publicity campaign and built an image as a nationally-known flapper by the end of the 1920s. By the 1930s, Crawford's fame rivaled MGM colleagues Norma Shearer and Greta Garbo. Crawford often played hardworking young women who find romance and financial success. These "rags-to-riches" stories were well received by Depression-era audiences and were popular with women. Crawford became one of Hollywood's most prominent movie stars and one of the highest paid women in the United States, but her films began losing money. By the end of the 1930s, she was labeled "box office poison".After an absence of nearly two years from the screen, Crawford staged a comeback by starring in Mildred Pierce (1945), for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress. In 1955, she became involved with the Pepsi-Cola Company, through her marriage to company president Alfred Steele. After his death in 1959, Crawford was elected to fill his vacancy on the board of directors but was forcibly retired in 1973. She continued acting in film and television regularly through the 1960s, when her performances became fewer; after the release of the horror film Trog in 1970, Crawford retired from the screen. Following a public appearance in 1974, after which unflattering photographs were published, Crawford withdrew from public life. She became more and more reclusive until her death in 1977.
<Rotherham_United_F.C.>	Rotherham United Football Club, nicknamed The Millers, is a professional football club based in Rotherham, South Yorkshire, England, which compete in the EFL Championship. The club's colours were initially yellow and black, but changed to red and white around 1930. Since 2012 they have played home matches at the New York Stadium, having briefly moved to the Don Valley Stadium from their original home at Millmoor in 2008.The club was formed as a merger between Rotherham County and Rotherham Town in 1925 and were immediately placed in the Football League. They won promotion as champions of the Third Division North in 1950–51 and were beaten finalists in the inaugural League Cup final in 1961, losing to Aston Villa 3–2 on aggregate. After seventeen seasons in the Second Division, relegations followed in 1968 and 1973. Promotion from the Fourth Division was secured in 1974–75 and the club went on to win the Third Division title in 1980–81. Relegations in 1983 and 1988 gave Rotherham the opportunity to win the Fourth Division title in 1988–89, though they had to win another promotion in 1991–92 following relegation the previous season. They beat Shrewsbury Town 2–1 in the 1996 final of the Football League Trophy.
<Charles_Capper>	Charles Capper (1944 – July 1, 2021) was an American historian known for his work on Transcendentalism and his biographies of Margaret Fuller.Capper graduated from Johns Hopkins University and UC Berkeley with an M.A. and Ph.D. in history. From 1986 until 2001, he was a professor of history at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Since 2001 he has been Professor of History at Boston University. In 1993, his first book, Margaret Fuller: An American Romantic Life, won the Bancroft Prize. Seven editions of his volume The American Intellectual Tradition, co-edited with David Hollinger, have been published. In 2002, Capper co-founded the journal Modern Intellectual History with Nicholas Phillipson and Anthony J. La Vopa. He died in Minneapolis, Minnesota, on July 1, 2021, from complications of Parkinson's disease.
<Günter_Blobel>	Günter Blobel (German pronunciation: [ˈɡʏntɐ ˈbloːbl̩] (listen); May 21, 1936 – February 18, 2018) was a Silesian German and American biologist and 1999 Nobel Prize laureate in Physiology for the discovery that proteins have intrinsic signals that govern their transport and localization in the cell.Günter Blobel was born in Waltersdorf in the Prussian Province of Lower Silesia, then located in eastern Germany. In January 1945 his family fled from native Silesia to Dresden to escape from the advancing Red Army. During the bombing of Dresden, Blobel, then 8, stayed with his family at a relative's farm to the west of the city. After the war, Blobel grew up and attended gymnasium in the Saxon town of Freiberg. He studied medicine and graduated from the University of Tübingen in 1960. After two years service in a medical internship, he moved to Madison, Wisconsin, following an older brother, enrolling in the University of Wisconsin–Madison and, joining the lab of Van R. Potter for his graduate work. Blobel matriculated in 1967 with a Ph.D. He then moved to Rockefeller University as a postdoctoral fellow with George Palade, and was soon appointed as a professor.Blobel was appointed to the Howard Hughes Medical Institute in 1986. Blobel was the sole recipient of the 1999 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for the discovery of signal peptides. Signal peptides form an integral part of protein targeting, a mechanism for cells to direct newly synthesized protein molecules to their proper location by means of an "address tag" (i.e., a signal peptide) within the molecule.
<Bob_Martinez>	Robert Martinez (born December 25, 1934) is an American retired politician who served as the 40th governor of Florida from 1987 to 1991. A member of the Republican Party, Martinez was the first person of Spanish descent to be elected governor of Florida. Martinez was born and raised in Tampa, Florida, attended the University of Tampa, and began his career as an educator in the local public school system and then the University of Tampa. In 1965, he was named the director of the local teachers' union, a position he held during the Florida statewide teachers' strike of 1968. He first entered politics with an unsuccessful run for mayor of Tampa in 1974, then won the office in Tampa's next mayoral election in 1979 and was reelected in 1983. During his second term as mayor, Martinez switched his party affiliation from Democrat to Republican, upsetting some supporters in heavily Democratic Tampa. He resigned the position in 1986 to focus on his ultimately successful campaign for the governorship of Florida. His single term as governor was controversial due to the passage and repeal of an unpopular state sales tax on services and an anti-obscenity campaign targeting Miami rappers 2 Live Crew, who later recorded a derogatory song attacking Martinez. He lost his reelection campaign to U.S. Senator Lawton Chiles in 1990.
<Adelle_Waldman>	Adelle Waldman is an American novelist, columnist and blogger. Her first novel, The Love Affairs of Nathaniel P., was published in 2013.Waldman was born in Baltimore, Maryland, in 1977. She has one brother, Steve Randy Waldman, who blogs about finance and economics.
<Skycity_(Mandaluyong)>	Skycity is an 80-story unfinished skyscraper in Mandaluyong, Philippines. It is a joint venture between real estate developer E. Ganzon Inc. (EGI) and Sam Buena Realty Corporation. Its estimated height is 335 metres (1,099 ft). If constructed, it will become the tallest building in the country. Skycity is planned as a mixed-used skyscraper with a hotel, office space and residential space.Construction was suspended due to a lawsuit filed by a homeowners' association from nearby upscale Greenhills East Village. As of September 14, 2005, the Philippine Court of Appeals promulgated a resolution allowing the developers to resume construction of the skyscraper. As of 2008, no construction work had proceeded on the excavation area, which is the only completed phase of the project. In 2010, the second division of the Philippine Supreme Court rejected the challenges of the Greenhills East Association, and the developer said that the project (now described as a 77-story building with 8 basements) would proceed.This article about a building or structure in the Philippines is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Denis_Duboule>	Denis Duboule (born February 17, 1955) is a Swiss-French biologist. He earned his PhD in Biology in 1984 and is currently Professor of Developmental Genetics and Genomics at the École polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL) and at the Department of Genetics and Evolution of the University of Geneva. Since 2001, he is the Director of the Swiss National Research Center "Frontiers in Genetics" and since 2017, he is also a professor at the Collège de France. He has notably worked on Hox genes, a group of genes involved in the formation of the body plan and of the limbs.Denis Duboule obtained a PhD from the University of Geneva in 1984. After questioning Karl Illmensee's claims of having cloned a mouse, Duboule departed to work as a post-doc and then a group leader at the University of Strasbourg, with Pierre Chambon. In 1988, he became a group leader at the European Molecular Biology Laboratory in Heidelberg, Germany.
<Martha_Graham>	Martha Graham (May 11, 1894 – April 1, 1991) was an American modern dancer and choreographer. Her style, the Graham technique, reshaped American dance and is still taught worldwide.Graham danced and taught for over seventy years. She was the first dancer to perform at the White House, travel abroad as a cultural ambassador, and receive the highest civilian award of the US: the Presidential Medal of Freedom with Distinction. In her lifetime she received honors ranging from the Key to the City of Paris to Japan's Imperial Order of the Precious Crown. She said, in the 1994 documentary The Dancer Revealed: "I have spent all my life with dance and being a dancer. It's permitting life to use you in a very intense way. Sometimes it is not pleasant. Sometimes it is fearful. But nevertheless it is inevitable." Founded in 1926 (the same year as Graham's professional dance company), the Martha Graham School is the oldest school of dance in the United States. First located in a small studio within Carnegie Hall, the school currently has two different studios in New York City.
<Karim_Habib>	Karim Antoine Habib (born 1970) is a Canadian automotive designer of Lebanese descent, currently the head of design for the Korean vehicle manufacturer Kia. He previously worked for BMW and Infiniti. He is fluent in Arabic, English, French, German, and Italian.Habib moved to Canada in his early years and was educated at McGill University, as well as Transportation Design at the Art Center College of Design.In 1998, he was hired by BMW. He got his first break at BMW designing the interior of the E60 5 Series. Later he designed the exterior of the BMW 7 Series F01. He left to work for Mercedes-Benz in 2009 for a few years and came back to BMW in 2011 as exterior designer until January 2017.
<The_Boy_from_Oz>	The Boy from Oz is a Australian jukebox musical based on the life of singer and songwriter Peter Allen, featuring songs written by him. The book commissioned for the musical is by Nick Enright, based on Stephen MacLean's 1996 biography of Allen.Premiering in Australia in 1998 starring Todd McKenney, a revised version of the musical, written by Martin Sherman, opened on  Broadway in 2003, with Hugh Jackman in the title role.At the ARIA Music Awards of 1998 the cast recording won the ARIA Award for Best Original Soundtrack, Cast or Show Album.The musical begins with Australian performer Peter Allen recalling his life story, coming to terms with who he was ("The Lives of Me"). Afterwards, we go back to Allen's childhood in Tenterfield, Australia, where a young boy named Peter Woolnough is performing in local bars for money ("When I Get My Name in Lights"). Peter grows up and joins with Chris Bell to become the Allen Brothers, and they perform in Australian Bandstand ("Love Crazy"). After great success in Australia, the Allen Brothers perform in a Hong Kong Hilton hotel to Chinese businessmen. One evening, another person is watching them from the bar: the legendary Judy Garland. Peter convinces Judy to perform with them ("All I Wanted Was the Dream"), and Judy takes Peter to be the opening act in her concert in New York ("Only an Older Woman").
<Swansea_City_A.F.C.>	Swansea City Association Football Club (/ˈswɒnzi/; Welsh: Clwb Pêl-droed Cymdeithas Dinas Abertawe) is a professional football club based in Swansea, Wales that plays in the Championship, the second tier of English football. Swansea have played their home matches at the Swansea.com Stadium (formerly known as the Liberty Stadium) since 2005, having previously played at the Vetch Field since the club was founded.The club was founded in 1912 as Swansea Town and entered into the Southern League, winning the Welsh Cup in their debut season. They were admitted into the Football League in 1920 and won the Third Division South title in 1924–25. They again won the Third Division South title in 1948–49, having been relegated two years previously. They fell into the Fourth Division after relegations in 1965 and 1967. The club changed their name to Swansea City in 1969 to reflect Swansea's new status as a city. They were promoted at the end of the 1969–70 season.
<Naughty_Dog>	Naughty Dog, LLC (formerly JAM Software, Inc.) is an American first-party video game developer based in Santa Monica, California. Founded by Andy Gavin and Jason Rubin in 1984, the studio was acquired by Sony Computer Entertainment in 2001. Gavin and Rubin produced a sequence of progressively more successful games, including Rings of Power and Way of the Warrior in the early 1990s. The latter game prompted Universal Interactive Studios to sign the duo to a three-title contract and fund the expansion of the company.After designer and producer Mark Cerny convinced Naughty Dog to create a character-based platform game that would use the 3D capabilities of the new systems, Naughty Dog created Crash Bandicoot for the PlayStation in 1996. Naughty Dog developed three Crash Bandicoot games over the next several years. After developing Crash Team Racing, the company began working on Jak and Daxter: The Precursor Legacy for the PlayStation 2.
<Toluca_Lake,_Los_Angeles>	Toluca Lake is an affluent neighborhood in the city of Los Angeles, California, located in the San Fernando Valley 12 miles (19 km) northwest of downtown. The name is also given to a private natural lake fed by wells and maintained by neighboring property owners. Prior to the paving of the Los Angeles River in 1938 and L.A. well extraction in the late 19th and 20th century which lowered the water table, Toluca Lake was fed by artesian springs.The history of Toluca Lake can be traced to the days of the Tongva Indians, followed by Spanish colonization and Mexican independence. Toluca Lake was part of the early rancho system.  The original Toluca Lake was divided, with the neighborhood being known as Forman Toluca Ranch. In 1923, investors bought and developed the land as "Toluca Lake Park".The neighborhood has had notable residents. Comedian Bob Hope was a longtime resident of Toluca Lake, as was Audie Murphy. Legendary film composer Erich Wolfgang Korngold lived there from 1938 to 1957, right on the lake. Famed actress Bette Davis built a house there. Bing Crosby and Frank Sinatra also had houses there. More recently, it has been the home of entertainers such as Hilary Duff, Tara Strong, Steve Carell, Wayne Knight, Andy Garcia, and Melissa McCarthy.
<National_Coal_Board>	The National Coal Board (NCB) was the statutory corporation created to run the nationalised coal mining industry in the United Kingdom. Set up under the Coal Industry Nationalisation Act 1946, it took over the United Kingdom's collieries on "vesting day", 1 January 1947. In 1987, the NCB was renamed the British Coal Corporation, and its assets were subsequently privatised.Collieries were taken under government control during the First and Second World Wars. The Sankey Commission in 1919 gave R. H. Tawney, Sidney Webb and Sir Leo Chiozza Money the opportunity to advocate nationalisation, but it was rejected.
<Bobby_Flay>	Robert William Flay (born December 10, 1964), is an American celebrity chef, restaurateur, and reality television personality. Flay is the owner and executive chef of several restaurants and franchises, including Bobby's Burger Palace, Bobby's Burgers, and Amalfi. He has worked with Food Network since 1995, which won him four Daytime Emmy Awards and a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.Flay was born on December 10, 1964, in New York City to Bill and Dorothy Barbara (McGuirk) Flay. He was raised on the Upper East Side neighborhood of Manhattan. He is a fourth generation Irish American and was raised Catholic, attending denominational schools.
<Jordan_Peterson>	Jordan Bernt Peterson (born 12 June 1962) is a Canadian media personality,  clinical psychologist, author, and professor emeritus at the University of Toronto. He began to receive widespread attention as a public intellectual in the late 2010s for his views on cultural and political issues, often described as conservative. Peterson has described himself as a classic British liberal and a traditionalist.Born and raised in Alberta, Peterson obtained bachelor's degrees in political science and psychology from the University of Alberta and a PhD in clinical psychology from McGill University. After researching and teaching at Harvard University, he returned to Canada in 1998 to permanently join the faculty of psychology at the University of Toronto. In 1999, he published his first book, Maps of Meaning: The Architecture of Belief, which became the basis for many of his subsequent lectures. The book combines psychology, mythology, religion, literature, philosophy and neuroscience to analyze systems of belief and meaning.
<Bo_Derek>	Bo Derek (born Mary Cathleen Collins, November 20, 1956) is an American actress and model. Her breakthrough film role was in the romantic comedy 10 (1979). Her first husband John Derek directed her in Fantasies; Tarzan, the Ape Man (both 1981); Bolero (1984) and Ghosts Can't Do It (1989), all of which received negative reviews. Widowed in 1998, she married actor John Corbett in 2020.Derek was born Mary Cathleen Collins in Long Beach, California. Her father, Paul Collins, was a Hobie Cat executive, and her mother, Norma (née White), was a make-up artist and hairdresser to Ann-Margret. Collins's parents divorced, and her mother remarried, to stunt performer Bobby Bass. She has two sisters and a brother.[citation needed]
<Olga_Havlová>	Olga Havlová (Šplíchalová; 11 July 1933 in Prague – 27 January 1996 in Prague) was the first wife of Václav Havel, the last President of Czechoslovakia and first President of the Czech Republic.Olga Havel was born in Žižkov, "one of the roughest, working-class districts of Prague", in a working-class family. She spent her childhood in a way typical for such a harsh environment. Her parents split up when she was six years old. In a large family, also including Olga's older sister Jaroslava's family (a single mother of five children), any free hand was useful. Therefore, it was obvious that Olga cared for her young nieces and nephews since her childhood. As a child, she also attended Milíčův dům (Milíč House in Prague) established by Přemysl Pitter. Olga used to spend a lot of time in libraries where she acquired her strong lifelong love of literature. Although her family's life was modest, Olga's mother used to take her children to cinema and theatre quite often. After graduating from secondary school, Olga became a trainee in the Tomáš Baťa factory, where she also worked afterwards. In the course of working on a sewing machine, she lost four fingers on her left hand.
<Ervin_Drake>	Ervin Drake (born Ervin Maurice Druckman; April 3, 1919 – January 15, 2015) was an American songwriter whose works include such American Songbook standards as "I Believe" and "It Was a Very Good Year". He wrote in a variety of styles and his work has been recorded by musicians around the world. In 1983, he was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame.Born in New York City, Drake had his first song published at age 12, in 1931. The son of Jewish immigrants Max Druckman and Pearl Cohen, he attended Townsend Harris High School in the borough of Manhattan, graduating in 1935, and went on to receive a Bachelor of Arts degree in social science from the City College of New York in 1940. His elder brother, Milton Drake, also became a songwriter, with work including "Java Jive" and "Nina Never Knew"; and his younger brother Arnold Drake, became a writer for DC Comics, Marvel Comics, and others, as well as an author and playwright.Drake wrote the lyrics for "Perdido", composed by trombonist Juan Tizol, a member of Duke Ellington's orchestra, and first recorded (by Ellington) in 1944. Besides composing music and lyrics for dozens of pieces he was also a television producer and worked with performers including Jackie Gleason and Milton Berle. Among his best known songs is "I Believe", the first hit song ever introduced on television, which was written for and introduced by Jane Froman on her television show in 1953, and became a number-one hit for Frankie Laine, holding the record for number of non-consecutive weeks spent at number one in the UK. It has also been recorded by many other artists including Barbra Streisand and Elvis Presley.
<2929_Entertainment>	2929 Entertainment, LLC. is an American integrated media and entertainment company co-founded by billionaire entrepreneurs Todd Wagner and Mark Cuban. 2929 maintains companies and interests across several industries including entertainment development and packaging, film and television production and distribution, digital and broadcast syndication, theatrical exhibition, and home entertainment.2929 Entertainment has offices in Los Angeles, New York, and Dallas. Wagner and Cuban co-own 2929 with Sky Hansen serving as Managing Director.2929 Entertainment made several strategic acquisitions to assure that releases could be made available to any audience across a variety of platforms simultaneously. Wagner says that "ready availability of such infrastructure would be an operating advantage to both the circuit and the production company." Some titles would even see DVD releases alongside theatrical openings as early as 2007, through an early partnership with Netflix.[needs update]
<Hillary_Clinton>	Hillary Diane Rodham Clinton (née  Rodham; born October 26, 1947) is an American politician, diplomat, and former lawyer who served as the 67th United States Secretary of State for President Barack Obama from 2009 to 2013, as a United States senator representing New York from 2001 to 2009, and as First Lady of the United States as the wife of President Bill Clinton from 1993 to 2001. A member of the Democratic Party, she was the party's nominee for president in the 2016 presidential election, becoming the first woman to win a presidential nomination by a major U.S. political party; Clinton won the popular vote, but lost the Electoral College vote, thereby losing the election to Donald Trump.
<Ontario>	Ontario (/ɒnˈtɛərioʊ/ (listen) on-TAIR-ee-oh; French: [ɔ̃taʁjo]) is one of the thirteen provinces and territories of Canada. Located in Central Canada, it is Canada's most populous province, with 38.3 percent of the country's population, and is the second-largest province by total area (after Quebec). Ontario is Canada's fourth-largest jurisdiction in total area when the territories of the Northwest Territories and Nunavut are included. It is home to the nation's capital city, Ottawa, and the nation's most populous city, Toronto, which is Ontario's provincial capital.Ontario is bordered by the province of Manitoba to the west, Hudson Bay and James Bay to the north, and Quebec to the east and northeast, and to the south by the U.S. states of (from west to east) Minnesota, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and New York. Almost all of Ontario's 2,700 km (1,678 mi) border with the United States follows inland waterways: from the westerly Lake of the Woods, eastward along the major rivers and lakes of the Great Lakes/Saint Lawrence River drainage system. There is only about 1 km (0.6 mi) of actual land border, made up of portages including Height of Land Portage on the Minnesota border.
<Oklahoma_City>	Oklahoma City (/oʊkləˌhoʊmə -/ (listen)), officially the City of Oklahoma City, and often shortened to OKC, is the capital and largest city of the U.S. state of Oklahoma. The county seat of Oklahoma County, it ranks 20th among United States cities in population, and is the 8th largest city in the Southern United States. The population grew following the 2010 census and reached 687,725 in the 2020 census. The Oklahoma City metropolitan area had a population of 1,396,445, and the Oklahoma City–Shawnee Combined Statistical Area had a population of 1,469,124, making it Oklahoma's largest municipality and metropolitan area by population.Oklahoma City's city limits extend somewhat into Canadian, Cleveland, and Pottawatomie counties, though much of those areas outside the core Oklahoma County area are suburban tracts or protected rural zones (watershed). The city is the eighth-largest in the United States by area including consolidated city-counties; it is the second-largest, after Houston, not including consolidated cities. The city is also the second largest by area among state capital cities in the United States, after Juneau, Alaska.
<The_Skin_of_Our_Teeth>	The Skin of Our Teeth is a play by Thornton Wilder that won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama. It opened on October 15, 1942, at the Shubert Theatre in New Haven, Connecticut, before moving to the Plymouth Theatre on Broadway on November 18, 1942. It was produced by Michael Myerberg and directed by Elia Kazan with costumes by Mary Percy Schenck. The play is a three-part allegory about the life of mankind, centering on the Antrobus family of the fictional town of Excelsior, New Jersey. The epic comedy-drama is noted as among the most heterodox of classic American comedies — it broke nearly every established theatrical convention.The phrase used as the title comes from the King James Bible, Job 19:20: "My bone cleaveth to my skin and to my flesh, and I am escaped with the skin of my teeth."The main characters of the play are George and Maggie Antrobus (from Greek: άνθρωπος (anthropos), "human" or "person"), their two children, Henry and Gladys, and Sabina, who appears as the family's maid in the first and third acts, and as a beauty queen temptress in the second act.  The play's action takes place in a modern setting, but is full of anachronisms reaching back to prehistoric times.  The characters' roles as archetypes are emphasized by their identification with Biblical and classical personalities:
<Gugu_Mbatha-Raw>	Gugulethu Sophia Mbatha-Raw MBE (/ˈɡuːɡuː əmˈbætərɔː/; born 21 April 1983) is a British actress who began acting in British television and stage productions, appearing in the science-fiction series Doctor Who (2007), and went on to appear in Tom Hanks' comedy film Larry Crowne (2011), and the short-lived television series Undercovers (2010) and Touch (2012).Mbatha-Raw's breakthrough came with the British period drama Belle (2013), for which she won the BIFA Award for Best Actress, and the romantic drama Beyond the Lights (2014). Her leading performance as the titular character in Jessica Swale's 2015 play Nell Gwynn earned her a nomination for the Evening Standard Theatre Award for Best Actress. She gained critical acclaim for her starring role in "San Junipero" (2016), an episode in season three of the anthology series Black Mirror. Her career progressed with roles in the films Miss Sloane (2016), Beauty and the Beast (2017), Motherless Brooklyn (2019), Misbehaviour (2020), Summerland (also 2020), the Apple TV+ drama series The Morning Show (2019), and  the Disney+ series Loki (2021).
<Rembrandt>	Rembrandt Harmenszoon van Rijn (/ˈrɛmbrænt, ˈrɛmbrɑːnt/, Dutch: [ˈrɛmbrɑnt ˈɦɑrmə(n)ˌsoːɱ vɑn ˈrɛin] (listen); 15 July 1606 – 4 October 1669), usually simply known as Rembrandt, was a Dutch Golden Age painter, printmaker and draughtsman. An innovative and prolific master in three media, he is generally considered one of the greatest visual artists in the history of art and the most important in Dutch art history.Unlike most Dutch masters of the 17th century, Rembrandt's works depict a wide range of style and subject matter, from portraits and self-portraits to landscapes, genre scenes, allegorical and historical scenes, biblical and mythological themes and animal studies. His contributions to art came in a period of great wealth and cultural achievement that historians call the Dutch Golden Age, when Dutch art (especially Dutch painting), whilst antithetical to the Baroque style that dominated Europe, was prolific and innovative. This era gave rise to important new genres. Like many artists of the Dutch Golden Age, such as Jan Vermeer, Rembrandt was an avid art collector and dealer.
<Person_of_Cultural_Merit>	Person of Cultural Merit (文化功労者, bunka kōrōsha) is an official Japanese recognition and honor which is awarded annually to select people who have made outstanding cultural contributions. This distinction is intended to play a role as a part of a system of support measures for the promotion of creative activities in Japan.  By 1999, 576 people had been selected as Persons of Cultural Merit.The Order of Culture and Persons of Cultural Merit function in tandem to honor those who have contributed to the advancement and development of Japanese culture in a variety of fields, including academia, arts, science and sports.The 1951 Law on Pensions for the Persons of Cultural Merit honors persons of cultural merit by providing a special government-sponsored pension. Since 1955, the new honorees have been announced on the same day as the award ceremony for the Order of Culture.
<Fellow_of_the_Royal_Academy_of_Engineering>	Fellowship of the Royal Academy of Engineering (FREng) is an award and fellowship for engineers who are recognised by the Royal Academy of Engineering as being the best and brightest engineers, inventors and technologists in the UK and from around the world to promote excellence in engineering and to enhance and support engineering research, policy formation, education and entrepreneurship and other activities that advance and enrich engineering in all its forms.Fellowship is a significant honour. Up to 60 engineers are elected each year by their peers. Honorary and International Fellows are those who have made exceptional contributions to engineering.
<Rob_Dawber>	Robert "Rob" Dawber (8 January 1956 – 20 February 2001) was a British railwayman turned writer whose script for the film The Navigators was commissioned by director Ken Loach and shot in Sheffield, where Dawber lived. He was a long-standing member of the Trotskyist group the Alliance for Workers' Liberty.Dawber grew up in Wath-upon-Dearne, then in the West Riding of Yorkshire (attending Wath Grammar School) and, having studied Politics and English at Leicester University, decided to pursue a career on the railways.
<Benjamin_F._Ward>	Benjamin F. Ward, Jr. (August 2, 1948 - December 14, 2013) was an Adjunct Associate Professor in the Duke University Department of Philosophy and was the Associate Dean for Faculty Program at Duke.  He was an accomplished pianist who began playing at the age of six.  He died in 2013 in Durham, NC, after battling a long illness.He played organ at the Ebenezer Baptist Church in 1968 for the memorial service of Martin Luther King Jr.An obituary from the University of North Carolina School of the Arts:
<Suzanne_Pleshette>	Suzanne Pleshette (January 31, 1937 – January 19, 2008) was an American theatre, film, television, and voice actress. Pleshette started her career in the theatre and began appearing in films in the late 1950s and later appeared in prominent films such as Rome Adventure (1962), Alfred Hitchcock's The Birds (1963), and Spirited Away (2001). She later appeared in various television productions, often in guest roles, and played Emily Hartley on The Bob Newhart Show from 1972 until 1978, receiving several Emmy Award nominations for her work.Pleshette was born on January 31, 1937, in Brooklyn Heights, New York to Geraldine (née Kaplan) and Eugene Pleshette. Her parents were Jewish, the children of emigrants from Russia and Austria-Hungary. Her mother was a dancer and artist who performed under the stage name Geraldine Rivers. Her father was a stage manager of the Paramount Theater in Manhattan and of the Paramount Theater in Brooklyn, and later, a network executive. She graduated from Manhattan's High School of Performing Arts and attended Syracuse University for one semester, then transferred to Finch College. She later graduated from Manhattan's prestigious acting school, the Neighborhood Playhouse School of the Theatre and was under the tutelage of renowned acting teacher Sanford Meisner.
<Raleigh,_North_Carolina>	Raleigh (/ˈrɑːli/; RAH-lee) is the capital city of the state of North Carolina and the seat of Wake County in the United States. It is the second-most populous city in North Carolina, after Charlotte.  Raleigh is the tenth-most populous city in the Southeast, the 41st-most populous city in the U.S., and the largest city of the Research Triangle metro area. Raleigh is known as the "City of Oaks" for its many oak trees, which line the streets in the heart of the city. The city covers a land area of 147.6 sq mi (382 km2). The U.S. Census Bureau counted the city's population as 474,069 in the 2020 census. It is one of the fastest-growing cities in the United States. The city of Raleigh is named after Sir Walter Raleigh, who established the lost Roanoke Colony in present-day Dare County.Raleigh is home to North Carolina State University (NC State) and is part of the Research Triangle together with Durham (home of Duke University and North Carolina Central University) and Chapel Hill (home of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill). The name of the Research Triangle (often shortened to the "Triangle") originated after the 1959 creation of Research Triangle Park (RTP), located in Durham and Wake counties, among the three cities and universities. The Triangle encompasses the U.S. Census Bureau's Raleigh-Durham-Cary Combined Statistical Area (CSA), which had an estimated population of 2,037,430 in 2013. The Raleigh Metropolitan Statistical Area had an estimated population of 1,390,785 in 2019.
<John_Barnard>	John Edward Barnard (born 4 May 1946, Wembley, London) is an English engineer and racing car designer. Barnard is credited with the introduction of two new designs into Formula One: the carbon fibre composite chassis first seen in 1981 with McLaren, and the semi-automatic gearbox which he introduced with Ferrari in 1989.Barnard gained a diploma from Watford College of Technology in the 1960s and unlike many of his contemporaries he did not follow a lengthy academic career, instead choosing to join General Electric Company.
<Naked_(1993_film)>	Naked is a 1993 British black comedy drama film written and directed by Mike Leigh and starring David Thewlis as Johnny, a loquacious intellectual and conspiracy theorist. The film won several awards, including best director and best actor at Cannes. Naked marked a new career high for Leigh as a director and made the then-unknown Thewlis an internationally recognised star.In a Manchester alley, Johnny Fletcher rapes a woman. When her family arrive and chase him away, he steals a car and flees to Dalston, a "scrawny, unpretentious area" in east London. He seeks refuge at the home of Louise, a former girlfriend from Manchester, who is not happy to see him. Louise works as a file clerk and lives with two flatmates, the unemployed Sophie, whom she calls her "hippy-dippy friend", and the primary tenant Sandra, a nurse who is away in Zimbabwe.
<Chesterfield_F.C.>	Chesterfield Football Club is an English professional association football club based in the town of Chesterfield, Derbyshire, England. The team competes in the National League, the fifth tier of the English football league system. Chesterfield play their home games at the 10,500 capacity Technique Stadium, having moved from their historic home of Saltergate during the summer of 2010. Notable former players include record appearance holder Dave Blakey, who played in 617 of Chesterfield's league games, and 162 league goal club record holder Ernie Moss. The club contests numerous local rivalries, most notably with Nottinghamshire club Mansfield Town.Chesterfield FC was officially established in 1866, though it would be the third incarnation of that name that turned professional in 1891 and changed its name to Chesterfield Town. Town entered the FA Cup for the first time the following year, and competed in the Sheffield & District League and Sheffield & Hallamshire Senior Cup, before joining the Midland League in 1896–97. A third-place finish in 1898–99 resulted in a successful application to the Football League Second Division for the following season. After ten seasons in the Second Division they failed to gain re-election to the League and returned to the Midland League in 1909. They were champions of that league in 1909–10. The club entered liquidation in 1915, and were reformed as Chesterfield Municipal in April 1919. They again rejoined the Midland League and finished as champions in 1919–20.
<Thayer_David>	Thayer David (born David Thayer Hersey; March 4, 1927 – July 17, 1978) was an American film, stage, and television actor. He was best known for his work on the ABC serial Dark Shadows (1966–1971), and as the fight promoter Miles Jergens in the film Rocky (1976). He also appeared  as Count Saknussemm in the film Journey to the Center of the Earth (1959) and as Dragon in The Eiger Sanction (1975). His raspy distinctive voice narrated many voice-overs in commercials and instructional films.Thayer David was born March 4, 1927, in Medford, Massachusetts. His father, Thayer Frye Hersey, was an executive in the paper pulp industry. David attended Harvard University in the 1940s but did not graduate, concentrating instead upon a career on the stage. With financial support from his father, he co-founded the Brattle Theater Company (1948–1952) in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and established himself in the professional theatre.He went on to act in The Relapse 1950 (Sir Tunbelly Clumsey); The Taming of the Shrew 1951 (Grumio);  The Way of the World 1954 (Petulant);  The Carefree Tree  1955 (The Sixth Son); King Lear 1956 (Duke of Cornwall); Mister Johnson 1956 (Gollup); Saint Joan 1956 (The Inquisitor); Protective Custody 1956 (Dr. Steidl); Oscar Wilde 1957 (Oscar Wilde); The Golden Six 1958 (Tiberius); A Man for All Seasons 1961 (Cardinal Wolsey); La Belle 1962; Andorra 1963 (pub keeper); The Seagull 1964 (Sorin); The Crucible 1964 (Danforth); Baker Street 1965 (Moriarty); The Royal Hunt of the Sun 1965 (Miguel Estete); Ring Round the Moon 1966 (Messerchann); Those That Play the Clowns 1966 (Henning); Breakfast at Tiffany's 1966 (Rusty Trawler); The Sorrows of Frederick 1967; The Bench 1968 (Phillipi); Uncle Vanya 1971 (Serebryakov); The Jockey Club Stakes 1973 (Sir Dymock Blackburn); and The Dogs of Pavlov 1974.
<Mike_Krzyzewski>	Michael William Krzyzewski (US pronunciation /ʃɪˈʒɛfski/ shih-ZHEF-skee; born February 13, 1947), nicknamed "Coach K", is an American former college basketball coach. He served as the head coach at Duke University from 1980 to 2022, during which he led the Blue Devils to five national titles, 13 Final Fours, 15 ACC tournament championships, and 13 ACC regular season titles. Among men's college basketball coaches, only UCLA's John Wooden has won more NCAA championships, with a total of ten. Krzyzewski is widely regarded as one of the greatest college basketball coaches of all time.Krzyzewski has also coached the United States national team, which he has led to three gold medals at the 2008, 2012, and 2016 Olympics. He was the head coach of the U.S. team that won gold medals at the 2010 and the 2014 FIBA World Cup, and an assistant coach for the "Dream Team" at the 1992 Olympics.
<David_Chatters>	David Cameron Chatters (April 15, 1946 – January 25, 2016) was a Canadian politician. He was a member of the House of Commons of Canada from 1993 to 2006, representing the riding of Athabasca until the 2004 election, after which he represented Westlock—St. Paul.Born in Westlock, Alberta, Chatters, formerly a farmer and rancher, was first elected as a member of the Reform Party of Canada (1993–2000), which became the Canadian Alliance in 2000, which became the Conservative Party of Canada in 2003. For over 10 years, he was the Senior Opposition Critic for Natural Resources and was a Deputy Whip of the Official Opposition. He was the Chair of the Standing Committee on Access to Information, Privacy, and Ethics, but health reasons made Chatters retire at the 2006 election.In May 1996, he was suspended from the Reform Party caucus for asserting, in the wake of the Delwin Vriend case on LGBT human rights, that schools should have the right to fire openly gay teachers. Another caucus colleague who had made a similar comment, Bob Ringma, was suspended at the same time; a third caucus colleague, Jan Brown, was also suspended at the same time for publicly criticizing Chatters and Ringma. All three were readmitted to the Reform caucus by September of that year. He died at the age of 69 on January 25, 2016. He had pancreatic cancer.
<John_Hubley>	John Hubley (May 21, 1914 – February 21, 1977) was an American animation director, art director, producer and writer of traditional animation films known for both his formal experimentation and for his emotional realism which stemmed from his tendency to cast his own children as voice actors in his films.Hubley was born in Marinette, Wisconsin to John Raymond Hubley (1880–1959) and Verena K. Hubley (1891–1978), a painter. He moved to Los Angeles, California, to study painting at the Art Center School for three years. In 1935, he gained a job as a background and layout artist at Disney, where he worked on such classic films as Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Pinocchio, Dumbo, and Bambi, as well as "The Rite of Spring" segment from Fantasia.On February 25, 1939, the architect Frank Lloyd Wright visited the studio with a copy of the Russian animated movie The Tale of the Czar Durandai (1934), directed by Ivan Ivanov-Vano, which he showed to the artists, among them Hubley. Wright thought that the different style and design, that was very different from the typical Disney animation, would inspire and give the animators new ideas. Hubley liked what he saw and was influenced by it. He left the company during Disney animators' strike in 1941, and found work directing films for Screen Gems and the Army's First Motion Picture Unit until he joined United Productions of America which was founded by Stephen Bosustow, Zack Schwartz, Dave Hilberman. UPA soon became known for their highly stylized designs and limited animation.
<Rick_Salomon>	Rick Salomon (born January 24, 1969) is an American poker player, who is best known for his 2004 sex tape with Paris Hilton. He had high-profile marriages with E.G. Daily, Shannen Doherty, and Pamela Anderson. As a poker player, Salomon won $2.8 million in 2014, $3.3 million in 2016, and $2.84 million in the 2018 versions of the World Series of Poker's Big One for One Drop.Salomon was born and raised in Neptune Township, New Jersey. He is of Jewish descent.
<Megamind_(video_game)>	Megamind: Ultimate Showdown (also known as Megamind: The Blue Defender on PSP and DS) is a 3D platformer video game based on the Megamind franchise, developed by THQ Studio Australia for console and Tantalus for handheld, published by THQ in association with DreamWorks Animation. It was released on November 2, 2010 for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, to coincide with the film's release. It was critically panned for its story and gameplay, as well as its low level of difficulty.The player has the ability to play as Megamind by using his De-Gun to vaporize enemies. For the console version, the game contains hidden loot and upgrades acquired by various amounts of B.I.N.K.E.Y. (Blue Ion Nano-Kinetic Energ-Y) If there is a second player, the player can play as a Brainbot that assists Megamind. For the handheld version, players get to level up their weapons and collect ammo from defeated enemies.While most of the original film's cast were replaced with stand-in voice actors, Jonah Hill reprises his role as Hal Stewart / Titan.
<The_Most_Famous_Man_in_America>	The Most Famous Man in America: The Biography of Henry Ward Beecher is a 2006 biography of the 19th-century American minister Henry Ward Beecher, written by Debby Applegate and published by Doubleday. The book describes Beecher's childhood, ministry, support for the abolition of slavery and other social causes, and widely publicized 1875 trial for adultery.Before publishing the book, Applegate researched and wrote about Beecher for twenty years, starting when she was an undergraduate student at Beecher's alma mater, Amherst College. The book was generally well received by critics. In 2007, it was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography.
<Anna_Karen>	Ann Harrison McCall (19 September 1936 – 22 February 2022), professionally known as Anna Karen, was a British actress best known for playing Olive Rudge in the ITV sitcom On the Buses from 1969 to 1973 including  its film spin-offs and stage version and Aunt Sal in the BBC soap opera EastEnders on a recurring basis from 1996 to 2017. She also reprised the role of Olive Rudge in The Rag Trade from 1977 to 1978, while her film roles included parts in two Carry On films: Carry On Camping (1969) and Carry On Loving (1970).Karen was born in Durban, South Africa, on 19 September 1936 as Ann Harrison McCall to John and Muriel McCall (née Harrison). Her Irish father was an accountant while her mother was English. Karen developed an interest in acting at a young age, and joined the South African National Theatre at the age of fifteen. She starred in several touring productions over the next two years until she fell afoul of the apartheid laws as she visited the ill daughter of the black stage manager.
<Henry_Ephron>	Henry Ephron (May 26, 1911 – September 6, 1992) was an American playwright, screenwriter and film producer who often worked with his wife, Phoebe (née Wolkind). He was active as a writer from the early 1940s through the early 1960s.Henry Ephron was born in Bronx, New York, the son of Gittle "Gussie" (née Weinstein) and Yitzhak Asher "Isaac" Ephron, a retailer. His parents were Jewish immigrants, his father from Grodno, now in Belarus, and his mother from Skidzyel', now in Belarus. All four of his daughters by his first wife, Phoebe: Nora Ephron, Delia Ephron, Hallie Ephron and Amy Ephron, also became notable writers. Coincidentally, his second wife, June (née Gilmartin; July 6, 1911 – November 13, 1996), widow of Oscar Levant, who wed Ephron in 1978, was also one of four sisters. His family is Jewish.
<Henry_Pigott>	Henry Robert Maguire Pigott (2 October 1866 – 8 July 1949) was an Australian politician. He was a member of the Australian House of Representatives from 1913 to 1919, representing the electorate of Calare for the Commonwealth Liberal Party and its successor the Nationalist Party.He was born in Ceylon of Irish Baptist missionary parents and attended the London School for the Sons of Missionaries. He worked for the Bank of Australasia in England before migrating to New South Wales in 1885. He worked as an official for the Australian Joint Stock Bank in a succession of branches: as an accountant at Summer Hill and then Cooma and then bank manager at Milton and finally Blayney. In 1899, he left the banking industry and became a stock and station agent in Blayney, in which capacity he continued up until his election to parliament. He also purchased a 13,000 acre pastoral property, "Cadara", near Tottenham, in 1910. He was an elected member of the council of the Liberal Association of New South Wales
<Bain_Capital>	Bain Capital is an American private investment firm based in Boston. It specializes in private equity, venture capital, credit, public equity, impact investing, life sciences, and real estate. Bain Capital invests across a range of industry sectors and geographic regions. As of 2022, the firm managed approximately $160 billion of investor capital. The firm was founded in 1984 by partners from the consulting firm Bain & Company. The company is headquartered at 200 Clarendon Street in Boston with 22 offices in North America, Europe, Asia, and Australia.Since its establishment it has invested in or acquired hundreds of companies, including AMC Theatres, Artisan Entertainment, Aspen Education Group, Apex Tool Group, Brookstone, Burger King, Burlington Coat Factory, Canada Goose, DIC Entertainment, Domino's Pizza, DoubleClick, Dunkin' Donuts, D&M Holdings, Guitar Center, Hospital Corporation of America (HCA), iHeartMedia, ITP Aero, KB Toys, Sealy, Sports Authority, Staples, Toys "R" Us, Virgin Australia, Warner Music Group, Fingerhut, Athenahealth, The Weather Channel, and Apple Leisure Group, which includes AMResorts and Apple Vacations. The company and its actions during its first 15 years became the subject of political and media scrutiny as a result of co-founder Mitt Romney's later political career, especially his 2012 presidential campaign.
<Volodymyr_Lysenko>	Volodymyr Volodymyrovych Lysenko (Ukrainian: Володимир Володимирович Лисенко; born 20 April 1988) is a Ukrainian professional football forward who plays for Kolos Kovalivka.Lysenko started to play football for FC CSKA Kyiv, later joined to Dynamo Kyiv, he was finally promoted to the main team in 2006, but he almost never able to play on a game. He was loaned to Arsenal Kyiv for the 2007–08 season and once again for the 2008–09 season. On 22 July 2009 FC Metalist Kharkiv buy his contract from Dynamo Kyiv for €1.5 million.
<Rae_Dawn_Chong>	Rae Dawn Chong (born February 28, 1961) is a Canadian-American actress. She made her big screen debut appearing in the 1978 musical drama film Stony Island, and in 1981 starred in the fantasy film Quest for Fire, for which she received Genie Award for Best Actress.Chong later starred in films Beat Street (1984), American Flyers (1985), The Color Purple (1985), Commando (1985), Soul Man (1986), The Principal (1987), Tales from the Darkside (1990), Time Runner (1993), and Boulevard (1994). She is the daughter of comedian and actor Tommy Chong.Chong was born on February 28, 1961, in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, the first daughter of actor/comedian Tommy Chong. Her father is of Chinese and Scots-Irish descent and her birth mother, Gail Lewis, was of Black Canadian descent. Her sister Robbi Chong, by Maxine Sneed, is a model and actress. They have three younger half-brothers (one adopted) and a half-sister by their father's second wife. In addition to Rae Dawn, two of her sisters and her adopted brother Marcus Chong have pursued acting careers.
<Abraham_Lincoln_Neiman>	Abraham Lincoln Neiman (July 4, 1875 — October 21, 1970) was an American businessman, who was a co-founder of department store chain Neiman Marcus.Neiman, born in July 1875, was raised in a Jewish orphanage in Cleveland, Ohio. He met his first wife Carrie Marcus Neiman in Dallas, Texas, while they were working at A. Harris & Company. They married in 1905 and then moved to Atlanta, Georgia, with Carrie's brother Herbert Marcus and sister in law Minnie Lichtenstein Marcus to do sales promotion work.  The Coca-Cola Company is known as their most notable client although at the time they were not enthusiastic about its future. Therefore, they relinquished rights to sales territories of the nascent soft drink concern for $25,000 which the Neiman and Marcus families used to open Neiman Marcus in Dallas in 1907.
<Oxnard,_California>	Oxnard (/ˈɒksnɑːrd/ (listen)) is a city in Ventura County, California, United States. On California's South Coast, it is the most populous city in Ventura County and the 22nd-most-populous city in California. Incorporated in 1903, Oxnard lies approximately 60 miles (97 km) west of downtown Los Angeles and is part of the larger Greater Los Angeles area.It is at the western edge of the fertile Oxnard Plain, adjacent to agricultural fields with strawberries, lima beans and other vegetable crops. Oxnard is also a major transportation hub in Southern California, with Amtrak, Union Pacific, Metrolink, Greyhound, and Intercalifornias stopping there. It also has a small regional airport, Oxnard Airport (OXR). The town also has significant connections to the nearby oil fields  Oxnard Oil Field and the West Montalvo Oil Field. The high density of oil, industry and agricultural activities around the city, have led to several environmental issues.
<Agoraphobic_Nosebleed>	Agoraphobic Nosebleed (abbreviated as ANb) is an American grindcore band formed in 1994 in Springfield, Massachusetts, United States. Its line-up has changed often over the years, with guitarist and drum programmer Scott Hull being the only continuous member. The current line-up includes vocalist Jay Randall, and Richard Johnson of Enemy Soil and Drugs of Faith, along with John Jarvis of Pig Destroyer and Fulgora on bass guitar. Agoraphobic Nosebleed is one of the most well-known drum-machine grindcore bands, and has influenced many drum-machine grindcore bands.The band is known for the brevity of its songs. The album Altered States of America features 100 songs (including one hidden) in just under 22 minutes, with many songs of 5 seconds or less, and the longest song being only 1:45.Agoraphobic Nosebleed is also known for rarely playing live.  The band played at the 2003 New England Metal and Hardcore Festival. As the band's appearance was unscheduled, Pig Destroyer cut its set short so Agoraphobic Nosebleed could play two songs and an intro. Twelve years later, the band finally played their first full live set at the 2015 edition of the Maryland Deathfest.  Their second full live set was played on November 15, 2015, at the Housecore Horror Festival Part III in San Antonio, TX.  In keeping with the band's aesthetic, no live drummer has been used at the performances.
<Ossie_Davis>	Raiford Chatman "Ossie" Davis (December 18, 1917 – February 4, 2005) was an American actor, director, writer, and activist. He was married to Ruby Dee, with whom he frequently performed, until his death. He and his wife were named to the NAACP Image Awards Hall of Fame; were awarded the National Medal of Arts and were recipients of the Kennedy Center Honors. He was inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame in 1994.Raiford Chatman Davis was born in Cogdell, Georgia, the son of Kince Charles Davis, a railway construction engineer, and his wife Laura (née Cooper; July 9, 1898 – June 6, 2004). He inadvertently became known as "Ossie" when his birth certificate was being filed and his mother's pronunciation of his name as "R. C. Davis" was misheard by the courthouse clerk in Clinch County, Ga. Davis experienced racism from an early age when the KKK threatened to shoot his father, whose job they felt was too advanced for a black man to have.  His siblings included scientist William Conan Davis, social worker Essie Davis Morgan, pharmacist Kenneth Curtis Davis, and biology teacher James Davis.Following the wishes of his parents, he attended Howard University but dropped out in 1939 to fulfill his desire for an acting career in New York after a recommendation by Alain Locke; he later attended Columbia University School of General Studies. His acting career began in 1939 with the Rose McClendon Players in Harlem.  During World War II, Davis served in the United States Army in the Medical Corps.  He made his film debut in 1950 in the Sidney Poitier film No Way Out.
<James_B._Orlin>	James Berger Orlin (born April 19, 1953) is an American operations researcher, the Edward Pennell Brooks Professor in Management and Professor of Operations Research at the MIT Sloan School of Management.Orlin did his undergraduate studies at the University of Pennsylvania, receiving a bachelor's degree in mathematics in 1974. In 1976, he earned two master's degrees, an MSc from California Institute of Technology and an MMath from University of Waterloo. Orlin received his Ph.D. in operations research from Stanford University in 1981 under the supervision of Arthur Fales Veinott Jr. He joined the MIT faculty as an assistant professor in 1979, and became the Brooks Professor in 1998.He is the author of the book Network Flows: Theory, Algorithms, and Applications (with Thomas L. Magnanti and Ravindra K. Ahuja, Prentice Hall, 1993), for which he and his co-authors were the recipients of the 1993 Frederick W. Lanchester Prize of the Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences.
<John_G._Thompson>	John Griggs Thompson (born October 13, 1932) is an American mathematician at the University of Florida noted for his work in the field of finite groups. He was awarded the Fields Medal in 1970, the Wolf Prize in 1992, and the Abel Prize in 2008.Thompson received his B.A. from Yale University in 1955 and his doctorate from the University of Chicago in 1959 under the supervision of Saunders Mac Lane. After spending some time on the Mathematics faculty at the University of Chicago, he moved in 1970 to the Rouse Ball Professorship in Mathematics at the University of Cambridge, England, and later moved to the Mathematics Department of the University of Florida as a Graduate Research Professor.  He is currently a Professor Emeritus of Pure Mathematics at the University of Cambridge, and professor of mathematics at the University of Florida.  He received the Abel Prize in 2008 together with Jacques Tits.Thompson's doctoral thesis introduced new techniques, and included the solution of a problem in finite group theory which had stood for around sixty years, the nilpotency of Frobenius kernels. At the time, this achievement was noted in The New York Times.
<David_Halberstam>	David Halberstam (April 10, 1934 – April 23, 2007) was an American writer, journalist, and historian, known for his work on the Vietnam War, politics, history, the Civil Rights Movement, business, media, American culture, Korean War, and later, sports journalism. He won a Pulitzer Prize for International Reporting in 1964. Halberstam was killed in a car crash in 2007, while doing research for a book.Halberstam was born in New York City, the son of Blanche (Levy) and Charles A. Halberstam, schoolteacher and Army surgeon. His family was Jewish. He was raised in Winsted, Connecticut, where he was a classmate of Ralph Nader. He moved to Yonkers, New York, and graduated from Roosevelt High School in 1951. In 1955 he graduated from Harvard College with an A.B. degree after serving as managing editor of The Harvard Crimson.  Halberstam had a rebellious streak and as editor of the Harvard Crimson engaged in a competition to see which columnist could most offend readers.
<Sportsman's_Park>	Sportsman's Park was the name of several former Major League Baseball ballpark structures in St. Louis, Missouri. All but one of these were located on the same piece of land, at the northwest corner of Grand Boulevard and Dodier Street, on the north side of the city.Sportsman's Park was the home field of both the St. Louis Browns of the American League, and the St. Louis Cardinals of the National League from 1920 to 1953, when the Browns relocated to Baltimore and were rebranded as the Orioles.The physical street address was 2911 North Grand Boulevard. The ballpark (by then known as Busch Stadium, but still commonly called Sportsman's Park) was also the home to professional football: in 1923, it hosted St. Louis' first NFL team, the All-Stars, and later hosted the St. Louis Cardinals of the National Football League from 1960 (following the team's relocation from Chicago) until 1965, with Busch Memorial Stadium opening its doors in 1966.
<The_Innocents_(1961_film)>	The Innocents is a 1961 gothic psychological horror film directed and produced by Jack Clayton, and starring Deborah Kerr, Michael Redgrave, and Megs Jenkins. Based on the 1898 novella The Turn of the Screw by the American novelist Henry James, the screenplay was adapted by William Archibald and Truman Capote, who used Archibald's own 1950 stage play—also titled The Innocents—as a primary source text. Its plot follows a governess who watches over two children and comes to fear that their large estate is haunted by ghosts and that the children are being possessed.Archibald's original screenplay for The Innocents was based on the premise that the paranormal events depicted were legitimate. Displeased with Archibald's take on the material, director Jack Clayton appointed American writer Truman Capote to rework the script. Capote's rewrites incorporated psychological themes, resulting in a final work that suggests other alternatives to the plot. Filming took place partly on location at the Gothic mansion of Sheffield Park in Sussex, with additional shoots occurring at Shepperton Studios in Surrey. Shot in CinemaScope, The Innocents incorporated bold minimal lighting as well as deep focus, employed by cinematographer Freddie Francis to achieve a distinctive—and sometimes claustrophobic—atmosphere. The film also pioneered the use of synthesised electronic sound created by Daphne Oram. Clayton was dissatisfied with the original score of the movie by French composer Georges Auric and requested some alteration. However, because Auric was not available due to health problems, Clayton turned to W. Lambert Williamson.
<Jerzy_Szmajdziński>	Jerzy Andrzej Szmajdziński (Polish pronunciation: [ˈjɛʐɨ ʂmajˈdʑiɲskʲi], 9 April 1952 – 10 April 2010) was a Polish politician who was a Deputy Marshal of Polish Sejm and previously served as Minister of Defence. He was a candidate for President of Poland in the 2010 election.Szmajdziński graduated from the Wrocław University of Economics. In the 1970s and 1980s he was an activist for the Federation of Socialist Unions of Polish Youth and the Socialist Union of Polish Youth, serving as its chairman from 1986–1989. He remained a member of Polish United Workers' Party from 1973 until its end in 1990. Later, he entered the leadership position of the Social Democracy of the Republic of Poland party. In December 1999, he became the deputy chairman of the Democratic Left Alliance (SLD).He became a member of the Sejm in 1990, and in his second term Szmajdziński was chairman of the National Defense Committee and in the third term a deputy chairman of that commission. He was Minister of National Defence from 19 October 2001 to 2005. He was elected to the Sejm on 25 September 2005, gaining 20,741 votes in 1 Legnica district as a candidate from the SLD list.
<Transdev_Sachsen-Anhalt>	Transdev Sachsen-Anhalt (formerly: Veolia Verkehr Sachsen-Anhalt) is a regional railway company, a subsidiary of Transdev Germany. It provided passenger services on the North Harz network from 2005 to 2018 under the name HEX (HarzElbeExpress).Connex Sachsen-Anhalt GmbH was founded on 1 July 2004 with its headquarters in Halberstadt, after the responsibility for the public transport services of the North Harz Network (Nordharz-Netz) was transferred to Connex Regiobahn in the preceding March by the state of Saxony-Anhalt. On 11 December 2005 the Harz-Elbe Express began operations and in 2006 was followed by the takeover of the Klesener bus service, which then continued to be operated under the name SalzlandBus. In February 2009 the bus service was sold.Also in 2006, following in the footsteps of its parent company, the firm was renamed from Connex Sachsen-Anhalt GmbH to Veolia Verkehr Sachsen-Anhalt GmbH. On 1 April 2008 the KBS 525 line from Leipzig to Geithain was added to the network, and was taken over by Connex Sachsen following a competition. In December 2008, leadership of the operation went to the newly founded Mitteldeutsche Regiobahn, a brand of Veolia Verkehr Regio Ost.
<Sasha_Clements>	Sasha Nicole Clements (born March 13, 1990) is a Canadian actress. She is known for her role as Kiki Kincaid on the Teletoon sitcom Majority Rules!. She was cast in the 2005 fantasy The Snow Queen (2005). and the 2010 television series What's Up Warthogs!. She also starred in the Disney Channel Original movie How to Build a Better Boy (2014), playing the role of Marnie.Clements was born in Toronto, Ontario. Her mother is Anna Clements, and her father is actor Christopher Lee Clements, who was an actor on the Canadian musical drama series Catwalk. She has two younger brothers.  Her great-grandmother is Russian Canadian. She enrolled in York University.
<John_Nash_(architect)>	John Nash (18 January 1752 – 13 May 1835) was one of the foremost British architects of the Georgian and Regency eras, during which he was responsible for the design, in the neoclassical and picturesque styles, of many important areas of London. His designs were financed by the Prince Regent and by the era's most successful property developer, James Burton. Nash also collaborated extensively with Burton's son, Decimus Burton.Nash's best-known solo designs are the Royal Pavilion, Brighton; Marble Arch; and Buckingham Palace. His best-known collaboration with James Burton is Regent Street and his best-known collaborations with Decimus Burton are Regent's Park and its terraces and Carlton House Terrace. The majority of his buildings, including those that the Burtons did not contribute to, were built by James Burton's company.
<David_Lee_(physicist)>	David Morris Lee (born January 20, 1931) is an American physicist who shared the 1996 Nobel Prize in Physics with Robert C. Richardson and Douglas Osheroff "for their discovery of superfluidity in helium-3." Lee is professor emeritus of physics at Cornell University and distinguished professor of physics at Texas A&M University. Lee was born and raised in Rye, New York. His parents, Annette (Franks), a teacher, and Marvin Lee, an electrical engineer, were children of Jewish immigrants from England and Lithuania. He graduated from Harvard University in 1952 and then joined the U.S. Army for 22 months. After being discharged from the army, he obtained a master's degree from the University of Connecticut.  In 1955 Lee entered the Ph.D. program at Yale University where he worked under Henry A. Fairbank in the low-temperature physics group, doing experimental research on liquid 3He.After graduating from Yale in 1959, Lee took a job at Cornell University, where he was responsible for setting up the new Laboratory of Atomic and Solid State Physics.  Shortly after arriving at Cornell he met his future wife, Dana, then a PhD student in another department; the couple went on to have two sons.
<Maxwell_Bury>	Maxwell Bury (28 July 1825 – 9 September 1912) was an English-born architect who was active in New Zealand in the 19th century. He is best remembered for his buildings for the University of Otago.Born in Nottinghamshire on 28 July 1825, Bury was the son of an Anglican clergyman and spent part of his youth in Cambridgeshire.  He trained as an engineer near Derby and is thought to have been familiar with Aston Hall near Birmingham which has been seen as the inspiration of some of his New Zealand work, notably the Nelson Provincial Government Buildings.  He also served as an engineer in the merchant marine.He married Eleanor Sarah Deighton on 11 August 1853 at Ellesmere in Shropshire and in 1854 sailed with her to Australia in the Zingari a steam-assisted ship he had had a hand in building. After a brief time in Melbourne the ship and the couple arrived at Nelson in New Zealand on 12 December 1854.
<FeedBurner>	FeedBurner is a web feed management service primarily for monetizing RSS feeds, primarily by inserting targeted advertisements into them. It was founded in 2004 and acquired by Google in 2007.Services provided to publishers include traffic analysis and an optional advertising system. Though it initially was not clear whether advertising would be well-suited to the RSS format, authors now choose to include advertising in two-thirds of FeedBurner's feeds. Users can find out how many people have subscribed to their feeds and with what service/program they subscribed.Feedburner replaces an ordinary RSS feed by a modified feed; the original feed becomes a private feed that only Feedburner can access. Apart from advertising, published feeds are modified in several ways, including automatic links to Digg and del.icio.us, and "splicing" information from multiple feeds. FeedBurner originally offered application programming interfaces (APIs) to allow other software to interact with it, but as of October 2012 no longer does. As of August 4, 2008 (the last time statistics were released), FeedBurner hosted 1,993,406 feeds for 1,125,264 publishers, including 249,728 podcast and videocast feeds.
<FIFA_09>	FIFA 09 (titled FIFA Soccer 09 in North America) is a football simulation video game developed by EA Canada and published by Electronic Arts under the EA Sports label. It was released in October 2008 for Microsoft Windows, Nintendo DS, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, PlayStation Portable, Wii, Xbox 360 and Zeebo. It was later in November 2008 released for the N-Gage 2.0 and mobile phones.The demo was released on 10 September 2008 for Windows and on 11 September 2008 for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. The PS3 and Xbox 360 demos were identical with the exception of the stadium used with the PS3 featuring the FIWC Stadium and the Xbox 360 version using the new Wembley Stadium. The tagline for the game is "Let's FIFA 09".
<Carlos_Marques>	Carlos Manuel Oliveira Marques (born 6 February 1983) is a Portuguese former professional footballer who played as a right back or a central defender.He spent most of his career in Cyprus, arriving in the country in 2007.Born in Lisbon, Marques joined local Sporting CP's youth academy at the age of 9. He could never appear for his hometown club's first team, only competing with the reserve side in the third division and being loaned twice.
<Ciudad_de_Murcia>	Club de Fútbol Ciudad de Murcia, usually abbreviated to Ciudad de Murcia, was a Spanish football club based in Murcia, in the namesake autonomous community. They played at the 16,000-seater Estadio de La Condomina.Ciudad Murcia was relocated to Granada and renamed Granada 74 CF after the end of the 2006–07 season.Ciudad de Murcia was formed in the heat of the summer of 1999, when Quique Pina, a former player of Real Murcia, started the club with the help of local businesses and influential friendships.
<Gōjū-ryū>	Gōjū-ryū (剛柔流), Japanese for "hard-soft style", is one of the main traditional Okinawan styles of karate, featuring a combination of hard and soft techniques. Both principles, hard and soft, come from the famous martial arts book used by Okinawan masters during the 19th and 20th centuries, the Bubishi (Chinese: 武備志; pinyin: Wǔbèi Zhì). Gō, which means hard, refers to closed hand techniques or straight linear attacks; jū, which means soft, refers to open hand techniques and circular movements. Gōjū-ryū incorporates both circular and linear movements into its curriculum, combining hard striking attacks such as kicks and close hand punches with softer open hand circular techniques for attacking, blocking, and controlling the opponent, including joint locks, grappling, takedowns, and throws.Major emphasis is given to breathing correctly in all of the kata but particularly in the Sanchin kata which is one of two core kata of this style.  The second kata is called Tensho, meant to teach the student about the soft style of the system. Gōjū-ryū practices methods that include body strengthening and conditioning, its basic approach to fighting (distance, stickiness, power generation, etc.), and partner drills.The development of Gōjū-ryū goes back to Higaonna Kanryō, (1853–1916), a native of Naha, Okinawa. Higaonna began studying Shuri-te as a child. He was first exposed to martial arts in 1867 when he began training in Luohan or "Arhat boxing" under Arakaki Seishō, a fluent Chinese speaker and translator for the court of the Ryukyu Kingdom.
<How_I_Got_This_Way>	"How I Got This Way" is a song by Australian rock band Taxiride. It was released as the second single from their second studio album, Garage Mahal, on 23 September 2002. It reached No. 28 in Australia.Australian CD singleThis 2000s rock song-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Novartis>	Coordinates: 47°34′28″N 7°34′35″E﻿ / ﻿47.5744252°N 7.5764914°E﻿ / 47.5744252; 7.5764914Novartis AG is a Swiss-American multinational pharmaceutical corporation based in Basel, Switzerland andCambridge, Massachusetts, United States (global research). It is one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world.Novartis manufactures the drugs clozapine (Clozaril), diclofenac (Voltaren; sold to GlaxoSmithKline in 2015 deal), carbamazepine (Tegretol), valsartan (Diovan), imatinib mesylate (Gleevec/Glivec), cyclosporine (Neoral/Sandimmune), letrozole (Femara), methylphenidate (Ritalin; production ceased 2020), terbinafine (Lamisil), deferasirox (Exjade), and others.
<Colin_Kazim-Richards>	Colin Kazim-Richards (born 26 August 1986), also known as Colin Kâzım, Kâzım or Kâzım Kâzım, is a professional footballer as a forward for Süper Lig club Fatih Karagümrük S.K.Born and raised in England, he qualified for Turkish nationality through his mother's heritage. An anglicised form of the Turkish given name Kâzım was intended to be a middle name, which would have rendered his full name as Colin Kazim Richards, but due to an error, he was legally registered as Colin Kazim-Richards.
<The_Daily_Stoic>	The Daily Stoic: 366 Meditations on Wisdom, Perseverance, and the Art of Living is a daily devotional book of stoic philosophy co-authored by Ryan Holiday and Stephen Hanselman. It is Holiday's fifth book and Hanselman's debut as an author.The Daily Stoic is an original translation of selections from several stoic philosophers including Epictetus, Marcus Aurelius, Seneca, Musonius Rufus, Zeno and others. It aims to provide lessons about personal growth, life management and practicing mindfulness.The book is intended to be read one page per day with each page featuring a quote from a stoic philosopher along with commentary.  It is organized temporally and thematically across the twelve months of the year.
<Pro-Pain_Pro_Wrestling>	Pro-Pain Pro Wrestling, or 3PW, was a hardcore professional wrestling promotion based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It ran many shows from the former ECW Arena. Following the close of Extreme Championship Wrestling, many former ECW veterans, such as Raven, The Sandman, Al Snow and Sabu, made frequent appearances in the promotionThe promotion was founded by Jasmin St. Claire and Brian "The Blue Meanie" Heffron and they were later joined by former Extreme Championship Wrestling promoter Tod Gordon. In the beginning, 3PW brought in wrestling greats like Dusty Rhodes, Terry Funk, Abdullah The Butcher and Bam Bam Bigelow to add to the roster. The first 3PW shows ran at the ECW Arena, but when XPW Owner Rob Black signed an exclusive lease to the arena, 3PW moved to The Electric Factory.In 2004, 3PW had a show featuring a Blue World Order reunion with Blue Meanie and Stevie Richards. The next month, 3PW hosted an NWA Florida X Division Championship match between Roderick Strong and Mikey Batts.
<RCD_Mallorca>	Real Club Deportivo Mallorca, S.A.D. (Spanish: [reˈal ˈkluβ ðepoɾˈtiβo maˈʎoɾka], Catalan: Reial Club Deportiu Mallorca [rəˈjal ˈklub dəpuɾˈtiw məˈʎɔɾkə], Royal Sporting Club Mallorca), commonly known as Real Mallorca or just Mallorca is a Spanish professional football club based in Palma on the island of Majorca in the Balearic Islands. Founded on 5 March 1916, they currently compete in La Liga, holding home games at the Visit Mallorca Stadium with a 23,142-seat capacity.The club had its peak in the late 1990s and early 2000s, reaching a best-ever 3rd place in La Liga in 1999 and 2001 and winning the Copa del Rey in 2003 following final defeats in 1991 and 1998. Mallorca also won the 1998 Supercopa de España and reached the 1999 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup Final.Mallorca traditionally play in red shirts with black shorts and socks.
<Radheshyam_Sharma>	Radheshyam Sharma (5 January 1936 – 9 September 2021) was a Gujarati language poet, novelist, short story writer, critic and compiler from the state of Gujarat, India.  He is known in Gujarati literature for his experimental novels Fero (1968) and Swapnatirtha (1979). His other significant works include Aansu Ane Chandaranu (1963), and Gujarati Navalkatha (with Raghuvir Chaudhari; 1974), a work of literary criticism on Gujarati novels. Sharma was awarded the Gujarati literary honours Ranjitram Suvarna Chandrak, in 2004, and Dhanji Kanji Gandhi Suvarna Chandrak, in 1995.Radheshyam Sharma was born on 5 January 1936 to Sitaram and Chanchal Bahen, also known as Padmavati, in Vavol, a village in Gandhinagar district, Gujarat. His family came from Rupal village in north Gujarat. Sharma inherited his religious leanings from his father Sitaram, a priest. He completed a Bachelor of Arts degree in Gujarati and Psychology at Gujarat College in 1957, and studied towards a Master of Arts at the Gujarat University  School of Languages but did not sit for examination due to writer's cramp. Like his father, a religious storyteller, he also delivered sermons from 1965 to 1983.
<Palm_Springs,_California>	Palm Springs (Cahuilla: Séc-he) is a desert resort city in Riverside County, California, United States, within the Colorado Desert's Coachella Valley. The city covers approximately 94 square miles (240 km2), making it the largest city in Riverside County by land area. With multiple plots in checkerboard pattern, more than 10% of the city is part of the Agua Caliente Band of Cahuilla Indians reservation land and is the administrative capital of the most populated reservation in California. The population of Palm Springs was 44,575 as of the 2020 census, but because Palm Springs is a retirement location and a winter snowbird destination, the city's population triples between November and March.
<Mikhail_Leonidovich_Gromov>	Mikhael Leonidovich Gromov (also Mikhail Gromov, Michael Gromov or Misha Gromov; Russian: Михаи́л Леони́дович Гро́мов; born 23 December 1943) is a Russian-French mathematician known for his work in geometry, analysis and group theory. He is a permanent member of IHÉS in France and a professor of mathematics at New York University.Gromov has won several prizes, including the Abel Prize in 2009 "for his revolutionary contributions to geometry".
<Boris_Pasternak>	Boris Leonidovich Pasternak (/ˈpæstərnæk/; Russian: Бори́с Леони́дович Пастерна́к, IPA: [bɐˈrʲis lʲɪɐˈnʲidəvʲɪtɕ pəstɛrˈnak]; 10 February [O.S. 29 January] 1890 – 30 May 1960) was a Russian poet, novelist, composer and literary translator. Composed in 1917, Pasternak's first book of poems, My Sister, Life, was published in Berlin in 1922 and soon became an important collection in the Russian language. Pasternak's translations of stage plays by Goethe, Schiller, Calderón de la Barca and Shakespeare remain very popular with Russian audiences.Pasternak is the author of Doctor Zhivago (1957), a novel that takes place between the Russian Revolution of 1905 and the Second World War. Doctor Zhivago was rejected for publication in the USSR, but the manuscript was smuggled to Italy and was first published there in 1957. Pasternak was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1958, an event that enraged the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, which forced him to decline the prize. In 1989, Pasternak's son Yevgeny finally accepted the award on his father's behalf. Doctor Zhivago has been part of the main Russian school curriculum since 2003.Pasternak was born in Moscow on 10 February (Gregorian), 1890 (29 January, Julian) into a wealthy, assimilated Jewish family. His father was the post-Impressionist painter Leonid Pasternak, who taught as a professor at the Moscow School of Painting, Sculpture, and Architecture. His mother was Rosa Kaufman, a concert pianist and the daughter of Odessa industrialist Isadore Kaufman and his wife. Pasternak had a younger brother, Alex, and two sisters, Lydia and Josephine. The family claimed descent on the paternal line from Isaac Abarbanel, the famous 15th-century Sephardic Jewish philosopher, Bible commentator, and treasurer of Portugal.
<Dixie_Carter>	Dixie Virginia Carter (May 25, 1939 – April 10, 2010) was an American actress. She starred as Julia Sugarbaker on the sitcom Designing Women (1986–1993) and as Randi King on the drama series Family Law (1999–2002). She was nominated for the 2007 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series for her role as Gloria Hodge on Desperate Housewives (2006–2007).Carter made her professional stage debut in a Memphis production of the musical Carousel in 1960 and made her Broadway debut in the 1974 musical Sextet. After appearing for two years as District Attorney Brandy Henderson on the CBS soap The Edge of Night (1974–1976), she starred in the 1976 Broadway revival of the musical Pal Joey. Her other television roles included the sitcoms On Our Own (1977–1978), Filthy Rich (1982–1983) and Diff'rent Strokes (1984–1985). She returned to Broadway to play Maria Callas in the play Master Class in 1997 and to play Mrs. Meers in the musical Thoroughly Modern Millie in 2004.
<Joe_90>	Joe 90 is a 1968–1969 British science-fiction television series created by Gerry and Sylvia Anderson and filmed by their production company, Century 21, for ITC Entertainment. It follows the exploits of nine-year-old schoolboy Joe McClaine, who becomes a spy after his adoptive father invents a device capable of recording expert knowledge and experience and transferring it to another human brain. Armed with the skills of the world's top academic and military minds, Joe is recruited by the World Intelligence Network (WIN) as its "Most Special Agent".First broadcast on the ITV regional franchises between 1968 and 1969, the 30-episode series was the sixth and last of the Andersons' productions to be made primarily using a form of marionette puppetry dubbed "Supermarionation". Their final puppet series, The Secret Service, would include extensive footage of live actors. As in the preceding series, Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons, the puppets of Joe 90 are of natural body proportions as opposed to the caricatured design used for Thunderbirds and earlier Supermarionation productions.
<Waxy_(horse)>	Waxy (1790 – 18 April 1818) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse that won the 1793 Epsom Derby and was an influential sire in the late eighteenth and early part of the nineteenth century. Waxy was bred by Sir Ferdinando Poole and was foaled at Lewes in 1790. He was sired by Pot-8-Os, a son of the foundation stallion Eclipse, whose genetic lineage traced to the Darley Arabian. Waxy's dam, Maria, was sired by the influential stallion Herod and produced one full-brother to Waxy, who was named Worthy.  Waxy derived his name from a variety of potato, a choice that was inspired by his sire's name. Trained by Robert Robson, Waxy won nine races out of 15 starts during his four-year racing career, retiring from racing at the age of seven in 1797 after sustaining an injury during his last start.Beginning in 1798, Waxy stood at stud at Sir Poole's estate in Lewes and remained there until Poole's death in 1804. After Poole's death, Waxy was acquired by the 3rd Duke of Grafton and stood at  his Euston Hall stud. Waxy remained at Euston Hall for the remainder of his life and was used as a breeding stallion until his death on 18 April 1818. His most notable offspring were produced under the ownership of the 3rd Duke of Grafton and his son. Waxy produced 190 winners of races during his stud career, siring four Epsom Derby and three Epsom Oaks winners, becoming a leading sire in 1810. His most notable sons that achieved success in the stud were Whalebone and Whisker. Through the produce of these two sons, Waxy became the paternal ancestor of most of the world's male Thoroughbreds by the mid-twentieth century.
<Herbert_M._Allison>	Herbert Monroe Allison, Jr. (August 2, 1943 – July 14, 2013) was an American businessman who oversaw the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) as Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Financial Stability from 2009 to 2010. His previous positions included president and CEO of Fannie Mae, a post to which he was appointed in September 2008, after Fannie was placed into conservatorship. Prior to that, Allison was chairman, president and chief executive officer of TIAA from 2002 until his retirement in 2008.Herbert Allison was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, to Herbert M. Allison, Sr., an FBI agent, and Mary Boardman Allison. He grew up in Garden City, New York, and earned a B.A. in philosophy from Yale University in 1965.Following college, he volunteered for service as an officer in the United States Navy. Following commission as an ensign, Allison served on two ships: the destroyer USS Arnold J. Isbell (DD-869) and amphibious command ship USS Taconic (LCC-17). After promotion to lieutenant, he then served a tour in-country in South Vietnam at the Coastal Surveillance Center, Nha Trang, where he was awarded the Navy Commendation Medal with Combat "V" for performance during Operation Market Time.
<Greenwich,_Connecticut>	Greenwich (/ˈɡrɛnɪtʃ/, GREN-itch) is a town in southwestern Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States. At the 2020 census, the town had a total population of 63,518. The largest town on Connecticut's Gold Coast, Greenwich is home to many hedge funds and other financial services firms. Greenwich is a principal community of the Bridgeport–Stamford–Norwalk–Danbury metropolitan statistical area, which comprises all of Fairfield County.Greenwich is the southernmost and westernmost municipality in Connecticut as well as in the six-state region of New England. The town is named after Greenwich, a royal borough of London in the United Kingdom.The town of Greenwich was settled in 1640, by the agents Robert Feake and Captain Daniel Patrick, for Governor Theophilus Eaton of New Haven Colony, who purchased the land from the Siwanoy Indians in exchange of 25 English coats. One of the founders was Elizabeth Fones Winthrop, daughter-in-law of John Winthrop, founder and governor of the Massachusetts Bay Colony. What is now called Greenwich Point was known for much of the area's early history as "Elizabeth's Neck" in recognition of Elizabeth Fones and their 1640 purchase of the Point and much of the area now known as Old Greenwich. Greenwich was declared a township by the Connecticut General Assembly in Hartford on May 11, 1665.
<Thirteen_Reasons_Why>	Thirteen Reasons Why (stylized as TH1RTEEN R3ASONS WHY) is a young adult novel written by Jay Asher in 2007, that follows the story of Hannah Baker, a high school freshman, and the thirteen reasons why she dies by suicide. Following her death, Hannah leaves behind a series of 7 double-sided cassette tapes detailing the 13 specific people and events that she blames for her demise. Two weeks after her death these cassette tapes are mailed out with directions to pass the tapes on to the next person on the tape. Hannah's life story is conveyed through these tapes, which are narrated by Hannah herself, and through the point of view of Clay, her classmate and the ninth person to receive the tapes. The inspiration behind the main character, Hannah Baker, comes from author Jay Asher's close relative who attempted suicide.Since the novel's publication in 2007, Thirteen Reasons Why has received much recognition. As of 2014 Thirteen Reasons Why had been a New York Times bestseller for over 3 years and published in multiple countries. The novel's success has also been met with backlash, becoming the third-most banned book in the United States between 2010 and 2019. Additionally, in March 2017 a Netflix original series was released based on the book.Jay Asher's career as a children's author started in his first year of college when he wrote and sent three children's books to be published. Although none of his children's books sold over the course of nine years, he continued to write. Asher continued to write children's books, while he simultaneously started the three-year process of writing Thirteen Reasons Why — Asher's first entrance into teen literature. After facing twelve rejections, Thirteen Reasons Why was finally accepted and published on his thirteenth attempt. The inspiration behind Hannah Baker's story came from a family member of a similar age who attempted to take her own life. After hearing her story of how she saw suicide as the only escape from her pain, Asher was deeply affected. To ensure he fully captured the emotions of the story's main character, Hannah Baker, he gathered information from women about their high school experiences. After travelling to Las Vegas and attending an audio tour, he found the structure that he wanted his novel to be told through — cassette tapes. Asher wants readers to understand that it was a conscious decision not to make any mention of mental health issues, as his story is more about how we treat people.
<Blackpool_F.C.>	Blackpool Football Club is a professional association football club based in the seaside town of Blackpool, Lancashire, England. The team  competes in the Championship, the second tier of the English football league system.Founded in 1887, the club played home games at Raikes Hall and the Athletic Grounds before moving to Bloomfield Road in 1901.
<Malone_Dies>	Malone Dies is a novel by Samuel Beckett. It was first published in 1951, in French, as Malone meurt, and later translated into English by the author.Malone Dies contains the famous line, "Nothing is more real than nothing" – a metatextual echo of Democritus' "Naught is more real than nothing," which is referenced in Beckett's first published novel, Murphy (1938). 
<K._J._Yesudas>	Kattassery Joseph Yesudas (born 10 January 1940) is an Indian playback singer and musician who sings Indian classical, devotional and film songs. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest singers in the history of Indian Music and also as a cultural icon of Kerala. Yesudas is estimated to have recorded more than 50,000 songs in various Indian languages, including Malayalam, Tamil, Kannada, Telugu, Hindi, Odia, Bengali, Marathi as well as Arabic, English, Latin, and Russian, in a career spanning six decades. He is often referred to as Gaanagandharvan (transl. The Celestial Singer). He is one of the highly acclaimed singers in India. Yesudas holds the record for singing 11 songs in different languages in a single day. He has also composed a number of Malayalam film songs during the 1970s and 1980s.Yesudas won the National Award for the Best Male Playback Singer record eight times, the Filmfare Awards South five times, and the State Award for the Best Playback Singer forty-three times, including awards given by the state governments of Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, and West Bengal. He was awarded the Padma Shri in 1975, the Padma Bhushan in 2002, and the Padma Vibhushan (second-highest civilian award) in 2017 by the Government of India for his contributions towards the arts. In 2005, he was honoured with the J. C. Daniel Award, Kerala government's highest honour for contributions to Malayalam cinema. In 2011 Yesudas was honoured with the CNN-IBN outstanding achievement award for his contributions in the music field. In 2006, he sang 16 film songs in four South Indian languages on the same day at AVM Studio, Chennai.
<Aline_MacMahon>	Aline Laveen MacMahon (May 3, 1899 – October 12, 1991) was an American actress. Her Broadway stage career began under producer Edgar Selwyn in The Mirage during 1920. She made her screen debut in 1931 and worked extensively in film, theater and television until her retirement in 1975. She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in Dragon Seed (1944).MacMahon was born in McKeesport, Pennsylvania, the only child of William Marcus MacMahon and Jennie (née Simon) MacMahon. Her father was a telegraph operator, arbitrage broker and writer / editor in the Munsey publishing company, including their flagship title, Munsey's Magazine.
<The_Shrimp_People>	The Shrimp People is a 1991 novel by Eurasian Singaporean writer Rex Shelley. The book won National Book Development Council of Singapore (NBDCS) Book Award in 1992.The novel tells the story of Bertha Rodrigues, the youngest child of police inspector James Rodrigues and Mary Gomez, a housewife. Their family is Eurasian, descended from the Portuguese. Bertha is a gifted hockey player who becomes embroiled in the espionage activities of Indonesia: the Indonesians are determined to upset the political unity of Singapore and Malaya after the 1962 Singaporean national referendum. The book then moves to a surprising conclusion.
<Ahmedabad>	Ahmedabad (/ˈɑːmədəbæd, -bɑːd/ AH-mə-də-ba(h)d; Gujarati: Amdavad [ˈəmdɑːʋɑːd] (listen)) is the most populous city in the Indian state of Gujarat. It is the administrative headquarters of the Ahmedabad district and the seat of the Gujarat High Court. Ahmedabad's population of 5,570,585   (per the 2011 population census) makes it the fifth-most populous city in India, and the encompassing urban agglomeration population estimated at 6,357,693 is the seventh-most populous in India. Ahmedabad is located near the banks of the Sabarmati River, 25 km (16 mi) from the capital of Gujarat, Gandhinagar, also known as its twin city.Ahmedabad has emerged as an important economic and industrial hub in India. It is the second-largest producer of cotton in India, due to which it was known as the 'Manchester of India' along with Kanpur. Ahmedabad's stock exchange (before it was shut down in 2018) was the country's second oldest. Cricket is a popular sport in Ahmedabad; a newly built stadium, called Narendra Modi Stadium, at Motera can accommodate 132,000 spectators, making it the largest stadium in the world. The world-class Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Sports Enclave is currently under construction and once complete, it will be one of the biggest sports centers (Sports City) in India. The effects of the liberalisation of the Indian economy have energised the city's economy towards tertiary sector activities such as commerce, communication and construction. Ahmedabad's increasing population has resulted in an increase in the construction and housing industries, resulting in the development of skyscrapers.
<Blue_Tongue_Entertainment>	Blue Tongue Entertainment Pty, Ltd. was an Australian video game developer founded in 1995. It was acquired by THQ on 17 November 2004, and remained an internal development studio of THQ until its closure in August 2011. In addition to THQ, Blue Tongue had worked with the publishers Hasbro Interactive and Vivendi Universal Games.Blue Tongue originally provided web development services, and moved into video games in 1995 with their first release, AFL Finals Fever. It was released on 9 June 1996 and reached number 3 on the Australian software sales charts. Another game, Riding Star, was their first international release. It was ported to multiple platforms, including the PlayStation and the Game Boy. Blue Tongue developed the TOSHI game engine used internally for many of its projects.
<Solaris_(1972_film)>	Solaris (Russian: Солярис, tr. Solyaris) is a 1972 Soviet science fiction drama film based on Stanisław Lem's 1961 novel of the same title. The film was co-written and directed by Andrei Tarkovsky, and stars Donatas Banionis and Natalya Bondarchuk. The electronic music score was performed by Eduard Artemyev and features a composition by J.S. Bach as its main theme. The plot centers on a space station orbiting the fictional planet Solaris, where a scientific mission has stalled because the skeleton crew of three scientists have fallen into emotional crises. Psychologist Kris Kelvin (Banionis) travels to the station to evaluate the situation, only to encounter the same mysterious phenomena as the others. Solaris won the Grand Prix Spécial du Jury at the 1972 Cannes Film Festival and was nominated for the Palme d'Or. It received critical acclaim, and is often cited as one of the greatest science fiction films in the history of cinema. The film was Tarkovsky's attempt to bring a new emotional depth to science fiction films; he viewed most western works in the genre as shallow due to their focus on technological invention. Some of the ideas Tarkovsky expresses in this film are further developed in his film Stalker (1979).
<David_Huffman>	David Oliver Huffman (May 10, 1945 – February 27, 1985) was an American actor and producer.Huffman was born on May 10, 1945, in Berwyn, Illinois, to Clarence and Opal Huffman (née Dippel).
<Yama_Zhao>	Yama Zhao (Chinese: 趙閻王; pinyin: Zhào Yánwáng; Wade–Giles: Chao Yen-wang) is a play written by Hong Shen in 1922. It was first produced in Shanghai in February 1923, and Hong played the title role. The play strongly opposed the brutal warfare that plagued China at the time, which is now known as the Warlord Era. The play was well received and established Hong Shen's reputation as a playwright.Hong got the inspiration of Yama Zhao in the spring of 1922, shortly after the first battle between two warlords Zhang Zuolin and Wu Peifu. Hong was on a train to northern China when he overheard some soldiers' conversation. They mentioned that Wu's army buried many of Zhang's soldiers alive after winning the battle in order to take possession of their enemies' belongings.  This unnerving conversation eventually led Hong to dramatize this incident in Yama Zhao.Set in the Warlord Era, the play tells the tragic story of Zhao Da, a body guard to a commander of a battalion.  Zhao is nicknamed Yama Zhao, meaning "Zhao, the king of Hell," due to his valor and experience on the battlefield. The commander has not paid members of the entire battalion for five months. Instead, he has pocketed the soldier's salaries and gambled away some of them. Under such circumstance, Zhao, disappointed by his unrewarded service and incited by his fellow soldier Old Li, takes hold of the payroll money and fled into a nearby jungle. He then loses his way and experiences a series of hallucinations before being shot dead by his pursuers. In the end, Li buries Zhao after the rest of the pursuing squad has returned. Li retrieves the money that Zhao has hidden around his waist and flees into the jungle.
<Millicent_Martin>	Millicent Mary Lillian Martin (born 8 June 1934) is an English actress, singer, and comedian. She was the lone female singer of topical songs on the weekly BBC Television satire show That Was the Week That Was known as TW3 (1962–1963), and won a BAFTA TV Award in 1964. For her work on Broadway, she received Tony Award nominations for Side by Side by Sondheim (1977) and King of Hearts (1978), both for Best Featured Actress in a Musical. Other television roles include her recurring role as Gertrude Moon in the NBC sitcom Frasier (2000–04) and Joan Margaret in Grace & Frankie (2017-2022).Martin was born in Romford, Essex.
<Belarus_national_under-21_football_team>	The Belarus national under-21 football team is the national under-21 football team of Belarus and is controlled by the Football Federation of Belarus. The team competed in the UEFA European Under-21 Championship, held every two years.The team qualified for the final round of the UEFA European Under-21 Championship three times. In 2004 in Germany and 2009 in Sweden the team was unable to advance past group stage.In 2011 at U21 Euro in Denmark they advanced to semifinal with only one win (against Iceland) and two losses (against Denmark and Switzerland) and having better 3-way head-to-head record against Iceland and Denmark (as all three teams had identical overall results). The team lost 1-3 to Spain. They defeated the Czech Republic 1–0 in the third-place match and qualified for the Men's Football Tournament at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
<Cleveland_Amory>	Cleveland Amory  (September 2, 1917 – October 14, 1998) was an American author, reporter, television critic, commentator and animal rights activist. He originally was known for writing a series of popular books poking fun at the pretensions and customs of society, starting with The Proper Bostonians in 1947. From the 1950s through the 1990s, he had a long career as a reporter and writer for national magazines and as a television and radio commentator. In the late 1980s and 1990s, he was best known for his bestselling books about his adopted cat, Polar Bear, starting with The Cat Who Came for Christmas (1987). Amory devoted much of his life to promoting animal rights, particularly protection of animals from hunting and vivisection; the executive director of the Humane Society of the United States described Amory as "the founding father of the modern animal protection movement."Amory was born September 2, 1917, into a privileged and established Boston Brahmin family; his parents were Robert Amory and Leonore Cobb Amory, daughter of Chicago architect Henry Ives Cobb. During his childhood, he had a great affection for his aunt Lucy "Lu" Creshore, who took in many stray animals and was instrumental in helping Amory get his first puppy as a child, an event that Amory remembered seventy years later as the most memorable moment of his childhood.
<Faridpur_District>	Faridpur District (Bengali: ফরিদপুর জেলা) is a district in south-central Bangladesh. It is a part of the Dhaka Division. It is bounded by the Padma River to its northeast. The district was named after Farīd-ud-Dīn Masʿūd, a 13th century Sufi saint. A separate district was created by severing Dhaka district in 1786 and was called Dacca Jelalpur. A municipality was established in 1869. Historically, the town was known as Fatehabad. It was also called Haveli Mahal Fatehabad.The town of Fatehabad was located by a stream known as the Dead Padma, which was 32 kilometres (20 mi) from the main channel of the Padma River. Sultan Jalaluddin Muhammad Shah established a mint in Fatehabad during his reign in the early 15th century. Fatehabad continued to be a mint town of the Bengal Sultanate until 1538. In Ain-i-Akbari, it was named as Haweli Mahal Fatehabad during the reign of Emperor Akbar in the Mughal Empire. The Portuguese cartographer João de Barros mentioned it as Fatiabas. The Dutch map of Van den Brouck described it as Fathur.
<Allaire_Iron_Works>	The Allaire Iron Works was a leading 19th-century American marine engineering company based in New York City. Founded in 1816 by engineer and philanthropist James P. Allaire, the Allaire Works was one of the world's first companies dedicated to the construction of marine steam engines, supplying the engines for more than 50% of all the early steamships built in the United States.James P. Allaire retired from the company in 1850 when it was taken over by Cornelius Vanderbilt. During Vanderbilt's ownership, the Allaire Iron Works made a significant contribution to the Union cause during the American Civil War. Following the war, the Allaire Works, like many other American marine engineering companies, fell on hard times, and in 1869 it was wound up, whereupon its equipment was purchased by John Roach, who also hired its best employees for his own company, the Morgan Iron Works.Amongst the many notable achievements of the Allaire Works, it supplied the engine cylinder for the first steamship to cross the Atlantic, Savannah, pioneered the use of the compound engine in steamships, and built the engines for two winners of the coveted Blue Riband. The company also supplied the engines for at least 17 U.S. Navy warships during the American Civil War.
<Pierre_L._van_den_Berghe>	Pierre L. van den Berghe (1933–2019) was a professor emeritus of sociology and anthropology at the University of Washington, where he had worked since 1965. Born in the Belgian Congo to Belgian parents, and spending World War II in occupied Belgium, he was an early witness to ethnic conflict and racism, which eventually led him to become a leading authority on ethnic relations. He conducted field work in South Africa, Mexico, Guatemala, Iran, Lebanon, Nigeria, Peru, and Israel. Early in his career, he lectured at the University of Natal alongside Leo Kuper and Fatima Meer. A student of Talcott Parsons at Harvard (receiving the PhD in 1960), he nevertheless had little interest in structural functionalism and was one of the first proponents of sociobiological approaches to social phenomena. Van den Berghe died on 6 February 2019.
<Aristophanes>	Aristophanes (/ˌærɪˈstɒfəniːz/; Ancient Greek: Ἀριστοφάνης, pronounced [aristopʰánɛːs]; c. 446 – c. 386 BC), son of Philippus, of the deme Kydathenaion (Latin: Cydathenaeum), was a comic playwright or comedy-writer of ancient Athens and a poet of Old Attic Comedy. Eleven of his forty plays survive virtually complete. These provide the most valuable examples of a genre of comic drama known as Old Comedy and are used to define it, along with fragments from dozens of lost plays by Aristophanes and his contemporaries.Also known as "The Father of Comedy" and "the Prince of Ancient Comedy", Aristophanes has been said to recreate the life of ancient Athens more convincingly than any other author. His powers of ridicule were feared and acknowledged by influential contemporaries; Plato singled out Aristophanes' play The Clouds as slander that contributed to the trial and subsequent condemning to death of Socrates, although other satirical playwrights had also caricatured the philosopher.
<Enrique_Guzmán>	Enrique Guzmán (born February 1, 1943) is a Venezuelan-born Mexican singer and actor. He is one of the pioneers of Rock & Roll in Mexico, along with César Costa, Angélica María, Johnny Laboriel and Alberto Vasquez, among others. He is also the father of Mexican singer Alejandra Guzmán by his former wife, actress and singer Silvia Pinal.Enrique Guzmán was born in Venezuela to Mexican parents. They moved back to Mexico when Enrique was 7. He studied medicine at the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México although he did not complete his studies.
<The_Love_Affairs_of_Nathaniel_P.>	The Love Affairs of Nathaniel P. is a novel by Adelle Waldman.The Love Affairs of Nathaniel P. focuses on the titular character, Nathaniel Piven, the "product of a postfeminist, 1980s childhood and politically correct, 1990s college education."The New York Times called the novel "small and specific, drained of history and ethnicity, attendant to the pangs of its social conscience but committed, still, to its fascination with the well-being of those who have already won." NPR said it is "a sharp and assured tale about a sharp and assured young man, who often acts like a dog." The Washington Post referred to the novel as "a delectable, dark account of Manhattan amour."
<John_Elitch>	John Elitch, Jr. (April 10, 1850 – March 10, 1891) was a restaurateur, businessman, actor, zookeeper, and original owner and namesake of Elitch Gardens and the Elitch Theatre in Denver, CO.John Elitch, Jr., originally from Mobile, Alabama, "was a direct decendant [sic] of Stephen Hopkins, a signer of the Declaration of Independence." The Elitch family eventually moved to Santa Clara, California, where John attended Santa Clara College and worked with his father in a restaurant.At church, John met a young Mary Elitch Long and he courted her with daily notes delivered to her by her 10-year-old brother, Edward. John eventually sent a note stating, "I'm going to San Francisco for a job; will you marry me when I come for you?" Mary sent a note back saying "Yes."
<Brazilian_Democratic_Movement>	The Brazilian Democratic Movement (Portuguese: Movimento Democrático Brasileiro, MDB) is a Brazilian political party. It is considered a "big tent party" and it is one of the parties with the greatest representation throughout the national territory, with the most numbers of senators, mayors and city councillors, always having formed a large plurality at the National Congress since 1988, and also has the largest number of affiliates, with 2,131,547 members as of 2022.Originally, the MDB was founded on 1965 as part of an enforced two party system by the Brazilian military dictatorship, providing an official, if controlled, opposition. With political opening, on 1980 the former members of the MDB created the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party (Portuguese: Partido do Movimento Democrático Brasileiro, PMDB), name which was known until 2018. It was the party of former Presidents of Brazil Tancredo Neves, José Sarney, Itamar Franco and Michel Temer, as well providing support for the governments of Fernando Henrique Cardoso, Luíz Inácio Lula da Silva and Dilma Rousseff, as well as unofficial support for the government of Jair Bolsonaro.
<Holiday_Reinhorn>	Holiday Reinhorn (born March 12, 1964) is an American fiction writer known for her short stories.Reinhorn was born and raised in Portland, Oregon.She is a graduate of the Iowa Writers' Workshop and the author of Big Cats, published by Free Press in 2005. Big Cats received largely positive notice in Seattle Times, Post Magazine, Kirkus Reviews and Publishers Weekly. It was a Powell's bestseller.
<Reto_Ziegler>	Reto Pirmin Ziegler (born 16 January 1986) is a Swiss professional footballer who plays as a left-back for Swiss Super League club FC Lugano.Ziegler has played top-flight football in seven different countries. He earned 35 international caps for Switzerland and played at both the 2010 and 2014 FIFA World Cups.
<Margaret_Walker>	Margaret Walker (Margaret Abigail Walker Alexander by marriage; July 7, 1915 – November 30, 1998) was an American poet and writer. She was part of the African-American literary movement in Chicago, known as the Chicago Black Renaissance. Her notable works include For My People (1942) which won the Yale Series of Younger Poets Competition, and the novel Jubilee (1966), set in the South during the American Civil War.Walker was born in Birmingham, Alabama, to Sigismund C. Walker, a minister, and Marion (née Dozier) Walker, who helped their daughter by teaching her philosophy and poetry as a child. Her family moved to New Orleans when Walker was a young girl. At the age of 15, she showed a few of her poems to Langston Hughes, on a speaking tour at the moment, who recognized her talent.  She attended school there, including several years of college, before she moved north to Chicago.In 1935, Walker received her Bachelor of Arts degree from Northwestern University. In 1936 she began work with the Federal Writers' Project under the Works Progress Administration of the President Franklin D. Roosevelt administration during the Great Depression. She worked alongside other young writers like Gwendolyn Brooks and Frank Yerby. She was a member of the South Side Writers Group, which included authors such as Richard Wright, Arna Bontemps, Fenton Johnson, Theodore Ward, and Frank Marshall Davis.
<Rusev_(wrestler)>	Miroslav Barnyashev (Bulgarian: Мирослав Барняшев, [miroˈslɑf bɑrˈnjɑʃɛf]; born December 25, 1984) is a Bulgarian-American professional wrestler. He is currently signed to All Elite Wrestling (AEW), where he performs under the ring name Miro and is a one-time AEW TNT Champion. He is also known for his decade-long career in WWE under the ring name Rusev, where he became the first and so far only Bulgarian wrestler to have worked for WWE.In 2010, Barnyashev signed a contract with WWE and was assigned to Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW), which was rebranded as NXT in 2012 (WWE's developmental territories). He performed on NXT until 2014, when he and his manager Lana were called to WWE's main roster. He is a three-time WWE United States Champion. He was released by WWE in April 2020, debuting in AEW as Miro in September of that year.
<William_Gaddis>	William Thomas Gaddis, Jr. (December 29, 1922 – December 16, 1998) was an American novelist.The first and longest of his five novels, The Recognitions, was named one of TIME magazine's 100 best novels from 1923 to 2005and two others, J R and A Frolic of His Own, won the annual U.S. National Book Award for Fiction.A collection of his essays was published posthumously as The Rush for Second Place (2002). The Letters of William Gaddis was published by Dalkey Archive Press in February 2013.A MacArthur Fellow, Gaddis is widely considered one of the first and most important American postmodern writers.
<Ken_Okuyama>	Ken Okuyama (born 1959) is a Japanese industrial designer. He is the owner of the Ken Okuyama Design company. Okuyama formerly worked for Pininfarina, designing and supervising projects such as the Enzo Ferrari and Ferrari P4/5. His given name is Kiyoyuki Okuyama (奥山 清行, Okuyama Kiyoyuki) but goes by Ken Okuyama (ケン・オクヤマ) outside Japan. He was born in the city of Yamagata, Japan, lives in Tokyo, and speaks Japanese, Italian, and English fluently.Okuyama graduated in 1986 from the Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, California. For the next three years he was a visiting professor at Tohoku University of Art and Design. In 1991, he returned to teach part-time at the Art Center College of Design. Between 2000 and 2004, he was Chair of the Transportation Design Department at the college, but in 2004 he was offered a job at Pininfarina.Okuyama worked for General Motors and Porsche, helping design the new generation of the Porsche 911 (aka 996) as well as the Boxster. Before moving to Pininfarina, he worked for General Motors in the Advanced Concepts Center in California.
<Yasser_Arafat>	Mohammed Abdel Rahman Abdel Raouf al-Qudwa al-Husseini (4 / 24 August 1929 – 11 November 2004), popularly known as Yasser Arafat (/ˈærəfæt/ ARR-ə-fat, also US: /ˈɑːrəfɑːt/ AR-ə-FAHT; Arabic: محمد ياسر عبد الرحمن عبد الرؤوف عرفات القدوة الحسيني, romanized: Muḥammad Yāsir ʿAbd al-Raḥmān ʻAbd al-Raʼūf ʿArafāt al-Qudwa al-Ḥusaynī‎; Arabic: ياسر عرفات, romanized: Yāsir ʿArafāt) or by his kunya Abu Ammar (Arabic: أبو عمار, romanized: ʾAbū ʿAmmār), was a Palestinian political leader. He was Chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) from 1969 to 2004 and President of the Palestinian National Authority (PNA) from 1994 to 2004. Ideologically an Arab nationalist and a socialist, he was a founding member of the Fatah political party, which he led from 1959 until 2004.Arafat was born to Palestinian parents in Cairo, Egypt, where he spent most of his youth and studied at the University of King Fuad I. While a student, he embraced Arab nationalist and anti-Zionist ideas. Opposed to the 1948 creation of the State of Israel, he fought alongside the Muslim Brotherhood during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War. Following the defeat of Arab forces, Arafat returned to Cairo and served as president of the General Union of Palestinian Students from 1952 to 1956. 
<Snow_White_(Disney)>	Snow White is a Disney media franchise that began in 1937 with the theatrical release of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. It is based on the 1812 fairy tale by the Brothers Grimm.Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs is a 1937 American animated film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures. Based on the German fairy tale by the Brothers Grimm, it is the first full-length cel animated feature film and the 1st Disney animated feature film. In 1989, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs was selected for preservation in the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress for being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".In late October 2016, a live-action remake of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs was announced, with Erin Cressida Wilson set to write the script while Marc Platt will produce. The remake will expand upon the story of the 1937 film, and include new songs written by Benj Pasek and Justin Paul. By September 2019, Marc Webb signed on to direct the film. In June 2021, Rachel Zegler was cast as Snow White and it was also reported that production would begin in 2022. In August 2022, it was announced that filming would take place in the United Kingdom, beginning March 2022. In early November 2021 it was reported, that Gal Gadot is in final negotiations to play the Evil Queen. It was also reported that Greta Gerwig had worked on a draft of the film's script. In January 2022, The Hollywood Reporter reported that Andrew Burnap had been cast in an unspecified "male lead" role, a newly created character for this film. During that month, Peter Dinklage criticized Disney for what he described as "hypocrisy" for being "proud" of casting a Latina actress as Snow White while making a film about "seven dwarfs living in a cave together". Following Dinklage's criticism, Disney announced that the film will use unidentified "magical creatures" in place of them. The film will also simply be titled Snow White due to the absence of the Seven Dwarfs. In March 2022, the set of the film caught on fire at Pinewood Studios just before production began. Filming began at the end of the month. Principal photography concluded in July 2022. During that month, Martin Klebba announced that he would be playing Grumpy. The film is scheduled for release on March 22, 2024.
<Monta_Bell>	Louis Monta Bell  (February 5, 1891 – February 4, 1958) was an American film director, producer, and screenwriter.“Completely forgotten today, Monta Bell was once seen as a major stylist working in the   Lubitsch tradition, although the sly misanthropy of his best work, like Man, Woman and Sin (1927) or  Downstairs (1932), is far more suggestive of Charles Chaplin’s darker moments— Film historian Richard Koszarski in Hollywood on the Hudson (2008).
<Major_League_Baseball_Rookie_of_the_Year_Award>	In Major League Baseball, the Rookie of the Year Award is given annually to two outstanding rookie players, one each for the American League (AL) and National League (NL), as voted on by the Baseball Writers' Association of America (BBWAA). The award was established in 1940 by the Chicago chapter of the BBWAA, which selected an annual winner from 1940 through 1946. The award became national in 1947; Jackie Robinson, the Brooklyn Dodgers' second baseman, won the inaugural award. One award was presented for all of MLB in 1947 and 1948; since 1949, the honor has been given to one player each in the NL and AL. Originally, the award was known as the J. Louis Comiskey Memorial Award, named after the Chicago White Sox owner of the 1930s. The award was renamed the Jackie Robinson Award in July 1987, 40 years after Robinson broke the baseball color line.Seventeen players have been elected to the National Baseball Hall of Fame—Robinson, six AL players, and ten others from the NL. The award has been shared twice: once by Butch Metzger and Pat Zachry of the NL in 1976; and once by John Castino and Alfredo Griffin of the AL in 1979. Members of the Brooklyn and Los Angeles Dodgers have won the most awards of any franchise (with 18), twice the total of the New York Yankees, and members of the Philadelphia and Oakland Athletics (eight), who have produced the most in the AL. Fred Lynn and Ichiro Suzuki are the only two players who have been named Rookie of the Year and Most Valuable Player in the same year, and Fernando Valenzuela is the only player to have won Rookie of the Year and the Cy Young Award in the same year. Sam Jethroe is the oldest player to have won the award, at age 32, 33 days older than 2000 winner Kazuhiro Sasaki (also 32). Julio Rodríguez of the Seattle Mariners and Michael Harris II of the Atlanta Braves are the most recent winners.From 1947 through 1956, each BBWAA voter used discretion as to who qualified as a rookie. In 1957, the term was first defined as someone with fewer than 75 at-bats or 45 innings pitched in any previous Major League season. This guideline was later amended to 90 at-bats, 45 innings pitched, or 45 days on a Major League roster before September 1 of the previous year. The current standard of 130 at-bats, 50 innings pitched or 45 days on the active roster of a Major League club (excluding time in military service or on the injury list) before September 1 was adopted in 1971.
<C.F._Estrela_da_Amadora>	Club Football Estrela da Amadora (Portuguese pronunciation: [(ɨ)ʃˈtɾelɐ ðamɐˈðoɾɐ]), sometimes just Estrela, is a Portuguese sports club (predominantly football) based in Amadora, northwest of Lisbon.It's the successor of Clube de Futebol Estrela da Amadora, founded in 1932 and extinct in 2011 due to financial problems and bankruptcy.
<Telefónica>	Telefónica, S.A. (Spanish pronunciation: [teleˈfonika]) is a Spanish multinational telecommunications company headquartered in Madrid, Spain. It is one of the largest telephone operators and mobile network providers in the world. It provides fixed and mobile telephony, broadband, and subscription television, operating in Europe and the Americas.As well as the Telefónica brand, it also trades as Movistar, O2, and Vivo. The company is a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index.
<Käthe_Dahlem>	Käthe Dahlem (born Käthe Weber: 20 March 1899 - 25 December 1974) was a German political activist (USPD, KPD) who, after being forced into exile, became an anti-fascist Resistance activist, participating in the Spanish Civil War and, subsequently, again based in France.   After 1945 she became a public official in the Soviet occupation zone (relaunched in October 1949 as the German Democratic Republic (East Germany)).   She was retired on health grounds in July 1949 and was subsequently caught up in her husband's difficulties with the ruling party, the party first secretary, Walter Ulbricht and other leading party comrades who had spent the war years in Moscow.  By the 1960s, however, the authorities were happy to honour her pre-war and wartime contribution.Käthe Weber was born in Berlin.   Her father was a shoe maker and trades union official.   Her mother worked in clothes making.   She attended school in Cologne between 1905 and 1913 and then, between 1913 and 1919, worked as a sales assistant.   She was only 14 when she joined the Young Socialists ("Sozialistische Arbeiter-Jugend").   In 1917 she joined the newly formed Independent Social Democratic Party ("Unabhängige Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands" / USPD) which had broken away from the mainstream Social Democratic Party (SPD) after more than two years of increasingly fevered dissent within the SPD over the party leadership decision to implement what amounted to a parliamentary truce over funding for the war.   When the USPD itself split apart, in 1920 she was part of the left wing majority that moved across to join the recently launched Communist Party of Germany.On 20 March 1919 Käthe Weber married Franz Dahlem.   Their daughter, Luise, was born in Cologne on 18 October 1919.   Their son, Robert, was born in Cologne on 11 March 1922.
<Ludwig_Maximilian_University_of_Munich>	The Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich (simply University of Munich or LMU; German: Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München) is a public research university in Munich, Germany. It is Germany's sixth-oldest university in continuous operation.Originally established in Ingolstadt in 1472 by Duke Ludwig IX of Bavaria-Landshut, the university was moved in 1800 to Landshut by King Maximilian I of Bavaria when the city was threatened by the French, before being relocated to its present-day location in Munich in 1826 by King Ludwig I of Bavaria. In 1802, the university was officially named Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität by King Maximilian I of Bavaria in honor of himself and Ludwig IX.
<Konrad_Lorenz>	Konrad Zacharias Lorenz (German pronunciation: [ˈkɔnʁaːt ˈloːʁɛnts] (listen); 7 November 1903 – 27 February 1989) was an Austrian zoologist, ethologist, and ornithologist. He shared the 1973 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Nikolaas Tinbergen and Karl von Frisch. He is often regarded as one of the founders of modern ethology, the study of animal behavior. He developed an approach that began with an earlier generation, including his teacher Oskar Heinroth.Lorenz studied instinctive behavior in animals, especially in greylag geese and jackdaws. Working with geese, he investigated the principle of imprinting, the process by which some nidifugous birds (i.e. birds that leave their nest early) bond instinctively with the first moving object that they see within the first hours of hatching. Although Lorenz did not discover the topic, he became widely known for his descriptions of imprinting as an instinctive  bond. In 1936 he met Tinbergen, and the two collaborated in developing ethology as a separate sub-discipline of biology. A Review of General Psychology survey, published in 2002, ranked Lorenz the 65th most cited scholar of the 20th century in the technical psychology journals, introductory psychology textbooks, and survey responses.Lorenz's work was interrupted by the onset of World War II and in 1941 he was recruited into the German Army as a medic. In 1944, he was sent to the Eastern Front where he was captured by the Soviet Red Army and spent four years as a German prisoner of war in Soviet Armenia. After the war, he regretted his membership in the Nazi Party.
<Allen_Newell>	Allen Newell (March 19, 1927 – July 19, 1992) was a researcher in computer science and cognitive psychology at the RAND Corporation and at Carnegie Mellon University’s School of Computer Science, Tepper School of Business, and Department of Psychology. He contributed to the Information Processing Language (1956) and two of the earliest AI programs, the Logic Theory Machine (1956) and the General Problem Solver (1957) (with Herbert A. Simon). He was awarded the ACM's A.M. Turing Award along with Herbert A. Simon in 1975 for their basic contributions to artificial intelligence and the psychology of human cognition.Newell completed his Bachelor's degree in physics from Stanford in 1949. He was a graduate student at Princeton University from 1949–1950, where he did mathematics. Due to his early exposure to an unknown field known as game theory and the experiences from the study of mathematics, he was convinced that he would prefer a combination of experimental and theoretical research to pure mathematics. In 1950, he left Princeton and joined the RAND Corporation in Santa Monica where he worked for "a group that was studying logistics problems of the Air Force" (Simon). His work with Joseph Kruskal led to the creation of two theories: A Model for Organization Theory and Formulating Precise Concepts in Organization Theory.  Newell eventually earned his PhD from the now Tepper School of Business at Carnegie Mellon with Herbert Simon serving as his advisor.
<Miguel_Lopes>	Hugo Miguel Almeida Costa Lopes (born 19 December 1986) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a right-back for C.F. Estrela da Amadora.During his career, he played for each of the Big Three of Portuguese football – Benfica, Porto and Sporting CP – as well as spending time on loan in Spain and France. He competed five years in the Turkish Süper Lig with Akhisarspor and Kayserispor.
<Celta_de_Vigo_B>	Real Club Celta de Vigo, S.A.D. "B" is a Spanish football team based in Vigo, Pontevedra, in the autonomous community of Galicia. Founded in 1927, it is the reserve team of Celta Vigo and competes in the Primera Federación – Group 1. They play their home games at Municipal de Barreiro, with a 1,024-seat capacity.In 1927 the Sport Club Turista was founded, being renamed the Club Turista nine years later. In 1988 a merge was predicted with Gran Peña FC, but finally the Turista was absorbed by Celta de Vigo, being named the Celta Turista.
<Cardiff_Arms_Park>	Cardiff Arms Park (Welsh: Parc yr Arfau Caerdydd), also known as The Arms Park, is situated in the centre of Cardiff, Wales. It is primarily known as a rugby union stadium, but it also has a bowling green. The Arms Park was host to the British Empire and Commonwealth Games in 1958, and hosted four games in the 1991 Rugby World Cup, including the third-place play-off. The Arms Park also hosted the inaugural Heineken Cup Final of 1995–96 and the following year in 1996–97.The history of the rugby ground begins with the first stands appearing for spectators in the ground in 1881–1882. Originally the Arms Park had a cricket ground to the north and a rugby union stadium to the south. By 1969, the cricket ground had been demolished to make way for the present day rugby ground to the north and a second rugby stadium to the south, called the National Stadium. The National Stadium, which was used by Wales national rugby union team, was officially opened on 7 April 1984, however in 1997 it was demolished to make way for the Millennium Stadium in 1999, which hosted the 1999 Rugby World Cup and became the national stadium of Wales. The rugby ground has remained the home of the semi-professional Cardiff RFC yet the professional Cardiff Blues regional rugby union team moved to the Cardiff City Stadium in 2009, but returned three years later.
<Angus_MacKay_(actor)>	Angus Newton MacKay (15 July 1926 – 8 June 2013) was an English actor.He amassed numerous television credits during his career in programmes such as The Gentle Touch, One Foot in the Grave, Only Fools and Horses, Howards' Way, The Professionals, Steptoe and Son (as the salesman for the water bed), The Sweeney, Minder and Z-Cars.
<Accra>	Accra (/əˈkrɑː/; Twi: Nkran; Dagbani: Ankara; Ga: Ga or Gaga) is the capital and largest city of Ghana, located on the southern coast at the Gulf of Guinea, which is part of the Atlantic Ocean. As of 2021 census, the Accra Metropolitan District, 20.4 km2 (7.9 sq mi), had a population of 284,124 inhabitants, and the larger Greater Accra Region, 3,245 km2 (1,253 sq mi), had a population of 5,455,692inhabitants. In common usage, the name "Accra" often refers to the territory of the Accra Metropolitan District as it existed before 2008, when it covered 199.4 km2 (77.0 sq mi). This territory has since been split into 13 local government districts: 12 independent municipal districts (total area: 179.0 km²) and the reduced Accra Metropolitan District (20.4 km²), which is the only district within the capital to be granted city status. This territory of 199.4 km² contained 1,782,150 inhabitants at the 2021 census, and serves as the capital of Ghana, while the district under the jurisdiction of the Accra Metropolitan Assembly proper (20.4 km²) is distinguished from the rest of the capital as the "City of Accra".Formed from the merger of distinct settlements around British Fort James, Dutch Fort Crêvecoeur (Ussher Fort), and Danish Fort Christiansborg as Jamestown, Usshertown, and Christiansborg respectively, Accra served as the capital of the British Gold Coast between 1877 and 1957 and has since transitioned into a modern metropolis. The capital's architecture reflects this history, ranging from 19th-century colonial architecture to modern skyscrapers and apartment blocks.
<Francis_Xavier_Clooney>	Francis Xavier Clooney SJ FBA (born 1950) is an American Jesuit priest and scholar in the teachings of Hinduism. He is currently a professor at Harvard Divinity School in Cambridge, Massachusetts.A native of Brooklyn, New York, he graduated from the prestigious Manhattan Jesuit Regis High School and entered the novitiate of Society of Jesus in 1968 and was subsequently ordained in 1978. Following that, he earned his bachelor's degree at Fordham University in the Bronx, New York.After earning his doctorate in South Asian Languages and Civilizations at the University of Chicago in 1984, Clooney taught at Boston College until 2005, serving also as the Academic Director of the Oxford Centre for Hindu Studies (a Recognised Independent Centre of the University of Oxford), when he became the Parkman Professor of Divinity and Professor of Comparative Theology at Harvard Divinity School. In 2010 he became the Director of Harvard's Center for the Study of World Religions. That same year he was named a Fellow of the British Academy.
<Wendell_Meredith_Stanley>	Wendell Meredith Stanley (16 August 1904 – 15 June 1971)  was an American biochemist, virologist and Nobel laureate.Stanley was born in Ridgeville, Indiana, and earned a BSc in Chemistry at Earlham College in Richmond, Indiana.  He then studied at the University of Illinois, gaining an MS in science in 1927 followed by a PhD in chemistry two years later.  His later accomplishments include writing the book "Chemistry: A Beautiful Thing" and being a Pulitzer Prize nominee.As a member of National Research Council he moved temporarily for academic work with Heinrich Wieland in Munich before he returned to the States in 1931. On return he was approved as an assistant at The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research. He remained with the Institute until 1948, becoming an Associate Member in 1937, and a Member in 1940. In 1948, he became Professor of Biochemistry at the University of California, Berkeley and built the Virus Laboratory and a free-standing Department of Biochemistry building, which is now called Stanley Hall.
<Hans_Irvine>	Hans William Henry Irvine (2 August 1856 – 11 July 1922) was an Australian vigneron, winemaker, and politician.Irvine was born in Melbourne on 2 August 1856 to flour-miller John William Henry Irvine and Mary, née Gray. His father was a flourmiller of Irish parentage who had a business at Learmonth, near Ballarat. Apprenticed to a printing firm in order to learn lithography, Hans was soon foreman and acquired a share in the business. He also joined the Australian Natives' Association. He married Mary Jane Robinson (died 1915) on 7 October 1885 at Ballarat East; the couple had no children.
<Chicago_Federation_of_Labor>	The Chicago Federation of Labor (CFL) is an umbrella organization for unions in Chicago, Illinois, USA. It is a subordinate body of the AFL–CIO, and as of 2011 has about 320 affiliated member unions representing half a million union members in Cook County.The labor body is also involved in political lobbying, often in alliance with other allied organizations (e.g., Interfaith Worker Justice), is active in Chicago politics, and participates in many of Chicago's civic committees (composed of business and city leaders).The CFL was formed by the American Federation of Labor (AFL) on November 9, 1896. In part, the federation was an outgrowth of previous umbrella labor bodies in the city, many of which had fragmented during the previous two decades. But, in part, the formation of the CFL was an attempt to end corruption in Chicago's labor unions. Only over time did the CFL change its focus to strengthening the efforts of individual union locals by creating a unified voice for the city's labor movement, uphold the labor rights of its union members, and mediate contract disputes on behalf of local unions. Unfortunately, the CFL was dominated in its early years by Martin "Skinney" Madden, a notoriously corrupt labor leader who had managed to get himself elected President, Vice President and Treasurer for life in his Steamfitters' local in Chicago.
<Kate_Carnell>	Anne Katherine Carnell AO (née Knowlman; born 30 May 1955) is an Australian businesswoman and former Liberal Party politician, who served as the third Chief Minister of the Australian Capital Territory (ACT) from 1995 to 2000.Carnell was born on 30 May 1955, in Brisbane, Queensland. Her parents owned a small accounting business.
<Six_Feet_Under_(TV_series)>	Six Feet Under is an American drama television series created and produced by Alan Ball. It premiered on the premium network HBO in the United States on June 3, 2001, and ended on August 21, 2005, spanning 63 episodes across five seasons. It depicts the lives of the Fisher family, who run a funeral home in Los Angeles, along with their friends and lovers.The ensemble drama stars Peter Krause, Michael C. Hall, Frances Conroy, Lauren Ambrose, Freddy Rodriguez, Mathew St. Patrick, and Rachel Griffiths as the central characters. It was produced by Actual Size Films and The Greenblatt/Janollari Studio, and was shot on location in Los Angeles and in Hollywood studios.
<Mamie_Eisenhower>	Mary Geneva "Mamie" Eisenhower (née Doud; November 14, 1896 – November 1, 1979) was the first lady of the United States from 1953 to 1961 as the wife of President Dwight D. Eisenhower. Born in Boone, Iowa, she was raised in a wealthy household in Colorado. She married Dwight D. Eisenhower, then a lieutenant in the Army, in 1916. She kept house and served as hostess for military officers as they moved between various postings in the United States, Panama, the Philippines, and France. Their relationship was complicated by his regular absences on duty and by the death of their firstborn son at the age of three. She became a prominent figure during World War II as the wife of General Eisenhower.As first lady, Eisenhower was given near total control over the expenses and scheduling of the White House. She closely managed the staff, and her frugality was apparent in White House budgeting throughout her tenure. She entertained many foreign heads of state in her role as hostess. She showed little interest in politics and was rarely involved in political discussion, though she did support soldiers' welfare and civil rights causes. She suffered from poor balance due to Ménière's disease, giving rise to rumors of alcoholism. She was popular during her tenure as first lady, and she was recognized as a fashion icon, known for her iconic bangs and frequent use of the color pink.  Mamie and Dwight Eisenhower were married for 52 years until his death in March 1969. She spent her retirement and widowhood at the family farm in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. She suffered a stroke on September 25, 1979, and resided in the hospital until her death on November 1.
<Ohio_State_University>	The Ohio State University, commonly called Ohio State or OSU, is a public land-grant research university in Columbus, Ohio. A member of the University System of Ohio, it has been ranked by major institutional rankings among the best public universities in the United States. Founded in 1870 as the state's land-grant university and the ninth university in Ohio with the Morrill Act of 1862, Ohio State was originally known as the Ohio Agricultural and Mechanical College and focused on various agricultural and mechanical disciplines, but it developed into a comprehensive university under the direction of then-Governor and later U.S. president Rutherford B. Hayes, and in 1878, the Ohio General Assembly passed a law changing the name to "the Ohio State University" and broadening the scope of the university. Admission standards tightened and became greatly more selective throughout the 2000s and 2010s.
<Walter_Schumann>	Walter Schumann (October 8, 1913 – August 21, 1958) was an American composer for film, television, and the theater. His notable works include the score for The Night of the Hunter and the Dragnet Theme; the latter of which earned Schumann the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Music Composition in 1955. His Broadway musical, 3 for Tonight, won the Outer Critics Circle Award for Best Musical in 1955. Schumann was born in New York City in 1913. By the early 1930s, he was attending law school at USC when he abruptly quit his studies to perform in a college dance band. Eventually, the members of the band went their separate ways but Schumann continued on within the music industry, working with Eddie Cantor on Cantor's radio show, and recording with Andre Kostelanetz.Following the outbreak of World War II, Schumann enlisted, eventually becoming the musical director of the Armed Forces Radio Service. He worked with most of the major acts of the war on all the radio shows AFRS produced during this time.  After the war, he returned to Los Angeles and worked in the movie and television industry as a composer and arranger, mostly on several Abbott & Costello films. In 1949, Schumann was asked to compose a new theme for a police detective show about to make its debut on the NBC Radio network. He began his theme with a four-note motif—quite possibly the second most famous four-note motif after Beethoven's Fifth Symphony. Dragnet became a smash hit on the radio, and then television and Schumann's theme quickly became instantly recognizable.[citation needed]
<Fort_Lauderdale,_Florida>	Fort Lauderdale (/ˈlɔːdərdeɪl/) is a coastal city located in the U.S. state of Florida, 30 miles (48 km) north of Miami along the Atlantic Ocean. It is the county seat of and largest city in Broward County with a population of 182,760 at the 2020 census, making it the tenth largest city in Florida. Along with Miami and Pompano Beach, Fort Lauderdale is one of the three principal cities that comprise the Miami metropolitan area, which had a population of 6,166,488 in 2019.[citation needed]Built in 1838 and first incorporated in 1911, Fort Lauderdale is named after a series of forts built by the United States during the Second Seminole War. The forts took their name from Major William Lauderdale (1782–1838), younger brother of Lieutenant Colonel James Lauderdale. Development of the city did not begin until 50 years after the forts were abandoned at the end of the conflict. Three forts named "Fort Lauderdale" were constructed including the first at the fork of the New River, the second at Tarpon Bend on the New River between the present-day Colee Hammock and Rio Vista neighborhoods, and the third near the site of the Bahia Mar Marina.Known as the “Venice of America", Fort Lauderdale has 165-miles of inland waterways across the city.
<Armenian_State_Pedagogical_University>	Khachatur Abovian Armenian State Pedagogical University   (ASPU) (Armenian: Խաչատուր Աբովյանի անվան հայկական պետական մանկավարժական համալսարան, ՀՊՄՀ), is a state university and higher education institution based in Yerevan, the capital of Armenia. Founded in 1922, the university is specialized in pedagogy and the preparation of teaching staff.Named after the 19th-century Armenian writer Khachatur Abovian, the current rector of the university is professor Srbuhi Gevorgyan.The Armenian State Pedagogical University was founded on November 7, 1922, and in 1948, it was named after Khachatur Abovian, an Armenian educator, poet and an advocate of modernization.
<Polideportivo_Ejido>	Poli Ejido 2012 Sociedad Deportiva was a Spanish football team based in El Ejido, Province of Almería, in the autonomous community of Andalusia. Founded in 1969 and dissolved in 2012, it held home matches at Estadio Municipal Santo Domingo, that seated 7,870 spectators.The club played in pale blue shirts and white shorts, and spent seven seasons in Segunda División in the 2000s.Polideportivo Ejido was founded in 1969. After first reaching the fourth division in 1987, the club fluctuated between that and the third levels. From 1999–2001 it achieved two consecutive promotions, and would go on to have an uninterrupted seven-year spell in the second division.
<Paul_Cohen>	Paul Joseph Cohen (April 2, 1934 – March 23, 2007) was an American mathematician. He is best known for his proofs that the continuum hypothesis and the axiom of choice  are independent from Zermelo–Fraenkel set theory, for which he was awarded a Fields Medal.Cohen was born in Long Branch, New Jersey, into a Jewish family that had immigrated to the United States from what is now Poland; he grew up in Brooklyn. He graduated in 1950, at age 16, from Stuyvesant High School in New York City.Cohen next studied at the Brooklyn College from 1950 to 1953, but he left without earning his bachelor's degree when he learned that he could start his graduate studies at the University of Chicago with just two years of college. At Chicago, Cohen completed his master's degree in mathematics in 1954 and his Doctor of Philosophy degree in 1958, under supervision of Antoni Zygmund. The title of his doctoral thesis was Topics in the Theory of Uniqueness of Trigonometrical Series.
<Frédéric_Joliot-Curie>	Jean Frédéric Joliot-Curie (French: [fʁedeʁik ʒɔljo kyʁi]; né Joliot; 19 March 1900 – 14 August 1958) was a French physicist and husband of Irène Joliot-Curie, with whom he was jointly awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1935 for their discovery of Induced radioactivity. They were the second ever married couple, after his wife's parents, to win the Nobel Prize, adding to the Curie family legacy of five Nobel Prizes. Joliot-Curie and his wife also founded the Orsay Faculty of Sciences, part of the Paris-Saclay University.Born in Paris, France, Frédéric Joliot was a graduate of ESPCI Paris. In 1925 he became an assistant to Marie Curie, at the Radium Institute. He fell in love with her daughter Irène Curie, and soon after their marriage in 1926 they both changed their surnames to Joliot-Curie. At the insistence of Marie, Joliot-Curie obtained a second baccalauréat, a bachelor's degree, and a doctorate in science, doing his thesis on the electrochemistry of radio-elements.
<TuS_Koblenz>	TuS Koblenz is a German association football club, located in Koblenz, Rhineland-Palatinate. Fussball Club Deutschland Neuendorf, which was formed in 1911, is viewed as the foundation of the modern club.The original club was lost in 1917, but in 1919 the successor side Fussball Verein 1911 Neuendorf was assembled out of the former memberships of FCD, Fussball Club Concordia 1910 Neuendorf, and Fussball Club Alemania 1912 Neuendorf, both of which had folded in 1914.
<Sylvester_Medal>	The Sylvester Medal is a bronze medal awarded by the Royal Society (London) for the encouragement of mathematical research, and accompanied by a £1,000 prize. It was named in honour of James Joseph Sylvester, the Savilian Professor of Geometry at the University of Oxford in the 1880s, and first awarded in 1901, having been suggested by a group of Sylvester's friends (primarily Raphael Meldola) after his death in 1897. Initially awarded every three years with a prize of around £900, the Royal Society have announced that starting in 2009 it will be awarded every two years instead, and is to be aimed at 'early to mid career stage scientist' rather than an established mathematician. The award winner is chosen by the Society's A-side awards committee, which handles physical rather than biological science awards.As of 2021[update], 45 medals have been awarded, of which all but 10 have been awarded to citizens of the United Kingdom, two to citizens of France and United States, and one medal each has been won by citizens of New Zealand, Germany, Austria, Russia, Italy, Sweden and South Africa. As of 2021[update] three women have won the medal, Mary Cartwright in 1964, Dusa McDuff in 2018, and Frances Kirwan in 2021.
<Paddy_Considine>	Patrick George Considine (born 5 September 1973) is an English actor, director, and screenwriter. He frequently collaborates with filmmaker/director Shane Meadows. He has received two British Academy Film Awards, three Evening Standard British Film Awards, British Independent Film Awards and a Silver Lion for Best Short Film at the 2007 Venice Film Festival.His first major onscreen appearance was in his first collaboration with Meadows in A Room for Romeo Brass (1999) in which he played the small-town disturbed character Morell. His first lead role as love-struck misfit Alfie in Paweł Pawlikowski’s Last Resort (2000) won him the Best Actor award at the Thessaloniki Film Festival. Through the early 2000’s he had leading performances in both In America (2003) and My Summer of Love (2004), and supporting parts in Doctor Sleep (2002) and 24 Hour Party People (2002). His role as Richard in Meadows' revenge film Dead Man's Shoes (2004), a film he cowrote, won him the 2005 Empire Award for Best British Actor and a nomination for the British Independent Film Award for Best Actor.
<Watertown,_Massachusetts>	Watertown is a city in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, and is part of Greater Boston. The population was 35,329 in the 2020 census. Its neighborhoods include Bemis, Coolidge Square, East Watertown, Watertown Square, and the West End.Watertown was one of the first Massachusetts Bay Colony settlements organized by Puritan settlers in 1630. The city is home to the Perkins School for the Blind, the Armenian Library and Museum of America, and the historic Watertown Arsenal, which produced military armaments from 1816 through World War II.
<Sant'Alessandro,_Parma>	The ancient church of Sant'Alessandro is found on in via Garibaldi in Parma, Italy.The church of Sant'Alessandro and the adjacent Benedictine monastery was founded first in the year 835, putatively patronized by Cunegonda, widow of Bernard of Italy, King of the Lombards.  In 837, Pope Gregory IV donated the remains of Pope Alexander I (Saint Alexander) to this church. The church was rebuilt in 1527 under the direction of the architect Bernardino Zaccagni, and in 1622-1624 under designs by Giovanni Battista Magnani. The monastic community was dissolved by Napoleon in 1810, and the abbey was mostly later supplanted by the Royal Theater of Parma.The ceiling of the nave was frescoed by Angelo Michele Colonna, while Alessandro Tiarini completed the cupola frescoes of the Redeemer, Madonna and angels carrying the instruments of the passion, and by four pendants with Saints Bonaventure, Gertrude, Berthold, and Alexander. Tiarini also painted an altarpiece of St Berthold for the church.  In the third chapel on the left, is a painting of the Madonna and child with St. Maurus and Benedict, attributed to Sebastiano Ricci. The main altarpiece was painted by Girolamo Bedoli, and depicts the Madonna and child granting St Giustina the palm of martyrdom, while Saint Benedict grants St Alexander a incense bearer. The organ, non-functioning, dates from 1856, and was constructed by Antonio Sangalli.
<Gävle_Municipality>	Gävle Municipality (Gävle kommun) is a municipality in east central Sweden. The municipal seat is located in the Stad (city) of  Gävle.Geographically the municipality is situated north of the mouth of the river Dalälven and is the southernmost municipality of the historical land of Norrland.The present municipality was created in 1971, when the City of Gävle was amalgamated with four surrounding rural municipalities. All of them were original entities, instituted as municipalities by the local government acts of 1862. The area had not been affected by the national subdivision reform in 1952.
<The_Unseen_(1980_film)>	The Unseen is a 1980 American slasher film directed and written by Danny Steinmann and starring Stephen Furst, Barbara Bach, Sydney Lassick, and Lelia Goldoni. Its plot follows three female news reporters who arrive in Solvang, California to cover the town's annual Danish festival, and end up staying in the Victorian home of a middle-aged couple harboring a dark secret in their basement.The film originally began with a screenplay by Michael Viner and Kim Henkel, which was significantly altered and rewritten by Steinmann and Michael L. Grace.After a hotel reservation mix up, two sisters Karen and Jennifer, and their friend Vicki Thompson, meet a friendly but shady character named Ernest Keller, the owner of a small town museum near Solvang, California. Ernest convinces the three women into accepting an invitation for cheap room and board at his large farmhouse outside of town, where he lives with his wife Virginia. Once there, Jennifer and Karen leave for the Danish cultural festival which Jennifer is completing a story on. At the festival, Jennifer is met by her estranged boyfriend, Tony, who gets her to stay behind to talk about their relationship.
<Rudolph_Valentino>	Rodolfo Pietro Filiberto Raffaello Guglielmi di Valentina d'Antonguolla (May 6, 1895 – August 23, 1926), known professionally as Rudolph Valentino and nicknamed The Latin Lover, was an Italian actor based in the United States who starred in several well-known silent films including The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, The Sheik, Blood and Sand, The Eagle, and The Son of the Sheik.Valentino was a sex symbol of the 1920s, known in Hollywood as the "Latin Lover" (a title invented for him by Hollywood moguls), the "Great Lover", or simply Valentino. His early death at the age of 31 caused mass hysteria among his fans, further cementing his place in early cinematic history as a cultural film icon.
<Gottlob_Frege>	Friedrich Ludwig Gottlob Frege (/ˈfreɪɡə/; German: [ˈɡɔtloːp ˈfreːɡə]; 8 November 1848 – 26 July 1925) was a German philosopher, logician, and mathematician.  He was a mathematics professor at the University of Jena, and is understood by many to be the father of analytic philosophy, concentrating on the philosophy of language, logic, and mathematics. Though he was largely ignored during his lifetime, Giuseppe Peano (1858–1932), Bertrand Russell (1872–1970), and, to some extent, Ludwig Wittgenstein (1889–1951) introduced his work to later generations of philosophers. Frege is widely considered to be the greatest logician since Aristotle, and one of the most profound philosophers of mathematics ever.His contributions include the development of modern logic in the Begriffsschrift and work in the foundations of mathematics. His book the Foundations of Arithmetic is the seminal text of the logicist project, and is cited by Michael Dummett as where to pinpoint the linguistic turn. His philosophical papers "On Sense and Reference" and "The Thought" are also widely cited. The former argues for two different types of meaning and descriptivism. In Foundations and "The Thought", Frege argues for Platonism against psychologism or formalism, concerning numbers and propositions respectively. Russell's paradox undermined the logicist project by showing Frege's Basic Law V in the Foundations to be false.
<Privately_held_company>	A privately held company (or simply a private company) is a company whose shares and related rights or obligations are not offered for public subscription or publicly negotiated in the respective listed markets, but rather the company's stock is offered, owned, traded, exchanged privately, or over-the-counter. In the case of a closed corporation, there are a relatively small number of shareholders or company members. Related terms are closely-held corporation, unquoted company, and unlisted company.Though less visible than their publicly traded counterparts, private companies have major importance in the world's economy. In 2008, the 441 largest private companies in the United States accounted for US$1,800,000,000,000 ($1.8 trillion) in revenues and employed 6.2 million people, according to Forbes. In 2005, using a substantially smaller pool size (22.7%) for comparison, the 339 companies on Forbes' survey of closely held U.S. businesses sold a trillion dollars' worth of goods and services (44%) and employed four million people. In 2004, the Forbes count of privately held U.S. businesses with at least $1 billion in revenue was 305.Separately, all non-government-owned companies are considered private enterprise. This sense includes both publicly traded and privately held companies, as their investors are individuals in the private sector.
<Friedrich_Katz>	Friedrich Katz (13 June 1927 – 16 October 2010) was an Austrian-born anthropologist and historian who specialized in 19th and 20th century history of Latin America, particularly, in the Mexican Revolution."He was arguably Mexico's most widely regarded historian... The whole of the Mexican press, left, right and center, noted and lamented his passing." He served as co-director of the Mexican Studies Program at the University of Chicago, co-received the 1999 Bolton Prize (nowadays Bolton-Johnson Prize) for the best English-language book on Latin American History by The Conference on Latin American History, and was honored with the Order of the Aztec Eagle by the Government of Mexico. He also won the 2000 Bryce Wood Book Award presented by the Latin American Studies Association (LASA) for outstanding English-language book in the humanities and social sciences for his book The Life and Times of Pancho Villa. The American Historical Association has created a book prize in honor of Friedrich Katz.
<Biyaheng_Langit_(TV_series)>	Biyaheng Langit (English: The Heavenly Voyage) is a current affairs program which airs the many Overseas Filipino Workers from the Philippines. Biyaheng Langit is aired back-to-back with its companion show Kasangga Mo ang Langit every Saturday at 2:00 pm to 3:00 pm PST over RJDigiTV and is produced by Heavenly Images Productions for Television, Inc. hosted by Rey Langit, Sarah Balabagan and Rey's two sons Reyster Langit and Reynante "JR" Langit, Jr. The show has been hosted by Rey Langit following his failed senatorial bid in the 1998 Presidential Elections through the Partido para sa Demokratikong Reporma–Lapiang Manggagawa (Reporma–LM). His first co-hosts were the late Reyster Langit, who died of heart failure due to cerebral malaria, a disease he contracted in Palawan while he was on assignment, and Sarah Balabagan, who was known for her trial in the United Arab Emirates. They were replaced by Reyster's younger brother, Reynante "JR" Langit, Jr.Biyaheng Langit was first aired on RPN from April 8, 2000 to March 10, 2007. Rey Langit, who had an unsuccessful senatorial bid in the 1998 Presidential Elections through the Partido para sa Demokratikong Reporma–Lapiang Manggagawa (Reporma–LM) two years ago, was joined by his late son Reyster Langit and partner Sarah Balabagan.
<Nobel_Prize_in_Physics>	The Nobel Prize in Physics is a yearly award given by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences for those who have made the most outstanding contributions for humankind in the field of physics. It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the will of Alfred Nobel in 1895 and awarded since 1901, the others being the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, Nobel Prize in Literature, Nobel Peace Prize, and Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. Physics is traditionally the first award presented in the Nobel Prize ceremony.The first Nobel Prize in Physics was awarded to German physicist Wilhelm Röntgen in recognition of the extraordinary services he rendered by the discovery of X-rays. This award is administered by the Nobel Foundation and is widely regarded as the most prestigious award that a scientist can receive in physics. It is presented in Stockholm at an annual ceremony on 10 December, the anniversary of Nobel's death. As of 2022 a total of 221 individuals have been awarded the prize.
<Prey_(1977_film)>	Prey (known as Alien Prey in some markets) is a 1977 British independent science fiction horror film produced by Terry Marcel and directed by Norman J. Warren. The plot concerns a carnivorous alien (Barry Stokes) landing on Earth and befriending a lesbian couple (Glory Annen and Sally Faulkner) as part of his mission to evaluate humans as a source of food. It was filmed in under two weeks on a budget of less than £60,000 (approximately £396,600 in 2021) using locations near Shepperton Studios in Surrey. It had a limited distribution on release.Critical response to the film has been mixed: verdicts range from "odd", "bizarre" or "eccentric" to "ambitious" and "experimental", while the film's "claustrophobic" atmosphere has drawn both praise and criticism. Prey has also attracted commentary for its presentation of conflicting male and female sexuality, with some critics observing similarities to the plot of D.H. Lawrence's 1922 novella The Fox. It has been compared to a vampire or zombie film and has also been cited as an example of the exploitation (or sexploitation) genre. Plans for a sequel, Human Prey, were abandoned.
<Microware>	Microware Systems Corporation was an American software company based in Clive, Iowa, that produced the OS-9 real-time operating system.Microware Systems Corporation existed as a separate entity from 1977 until September 2001, when it was bought by RadiSys Corp., and became a division of that company. The rights to Microware OS-9 and related software were purchased by a group of distributors on 1 March 2013. The new owner was Microware LP. Microware initially produced a version of BASIC and a real-time kernel for the Motorola 6800 processor, and was asked by Motorola to develop what turned into BASIC09 for the then-new Motorola 6809 processor. Having written BASIC09, they decided it needed an operating system underlying it, and they created the first version of OS-9.OS-9 was ported to the 68000 family of processors and, after being rewritten mostly in C, to the Intel 80x86, PowerPC, ARM, MIPS, and some of the Hitachi SuperH (SH) series processors. Initially, in the days of the SS-50 bus and SS-50C bus systems such as SWTPC, Gimix, and Smoke Signal Broadcasting, OS-9 was used more as a general purpose microcomputer operating system and had a large, active hobbyist-user population. OS-9 was also popular with industrial and embedded-system users. This was especially true when OS-9 was available for popular 6809-based computers such as the FM-7, FM-77, and the Tandy TRS-80 Color Computer and its near-clone, the Dragon. Over time, Microware concentrated on industrial customers and neglected the hobbyist base that was porting a great many Unix packages and utilities to OS-9.
<Tsugumi>	Tsugumi (Japanese: つぐみ, Hepburn: Tsugumi), born Otake Tsuzumi (大竹 都々美, Otake Tsuzumi) on 21 February 1976, is a Japanese award-winning actress, model and adult video performer.Born in Tokyo, after graduating from high school she started working as race queen. Tsugumi made her film debut in Time Leap (1997), a film adaptation of the manga with the same name, then started widely appearing in films, V-Cinema releases, stage plays and TV-dramas. For her role in Moonlight Whispers (1999) she was awarded as Best Newcomer Actress at the 9th Japanese Professional Movie Awards and as Best New Talent at the 21st Yokohama Film Festival.In 2007, she left her agency and took a break from show business, taking up a job as a company employee.
<Arthur_B._McDonald>	Arthur Bruce McDonald, CC OOnt ONS FRS FRSC P.Eng (born August 29, 1943) is a Canadian astrophysicist. McDonald is the director of the Sudbury Neutrino Observatory Collaboration and held the Gordon and Patricia Gray Chair in Particle Astrophysics at Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario from 2006 to 2013. He was awarded the 2015 Nobel Prize in Physics jointly with Japanese physicist Takaaki Kajita.Art McDonald was born on August 29, 1943, in Sydney, Nova Scotia. He graduated with a B.Sc. in physics in 1964 and M.Sc. in physics in 1965 from Dalhousie University in Nova Scotia. He then obtained his Ph.D. in physics in 1969 from the California Institute of Technology. McDonald cited a high school math teacher and his first-year physics professor at Dalhousie as his inspirations for going into the field of physics.Art McDonald worked as a research officer at the Chalk River Nuclear Laboratories northwest of Ottawa from 1969 to 1982. He became professor of physics at Princeton University from 1982 to 1989, leaving Princeton to join Queen's University where he became professor from 1989 to 2013.
<James_A._Michener>	James Albert Michener (/ˈmɪtʃənər/ or /ˈmɪtʃnər/; February 3, 1907 – October 16, 1997) was an American writer. He wrote more than 40 books, most of which were long, fictional family sagas covering the lives of many generations in particular geographic locales and incorporating detailed history. Many of his works were bestsellers and were chosen by the Book of the Month Club; he was known for the meticulous research that went into his books.Michener's books include Tales of the South Pacific, for which he won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1948; Hawaii; The Drifters; Centennial; The Source; The Fires of Spring; Chesapeake; Caribbean; Caravans; Alaska; Texas; Space; Poland; and The Bridges at Toko-ri. His non-fiction works include Iberia, about his travels in Spain and Portugal; his memoir, The World Is My Home; and Sports in America. Return to Paradise combines fictional short stories with Michener's factual descriptions of the Pacific areas where they take place.
<Brisbane_Roar_FC>	Brisbane Roar Football Club is an Australian professional soccer club based in Brisbane, Queensland and has won the domestic title on three occasions, as well as holding the longest unbeaten record of 36 league matches without defeat.Brisbane competes in the country's premier competition, the A-League, and has Warren Moon as manager.
<Robert_Prosinečki>	Robert Prosinečki (Croatian pronunciation: [rǒbert prosinětʃkiː]; born 12 January 1969) is a Croatian professional football manager and former player who played as a midfielder. Early in his career, he was part of the Red Star Belgrade team that won three Yugoslav First League titles and the European Cup in 1991. Prosinečki spent several years in Spain with rivals Real Madrid and Barcelona, as well as Oviedo and Sevilla. Later in his career, he won three Croatian league titles with Dinamo Zagreb, and also played in Belgium, England and Slovenia.
<Hugh_Rodham_(born_1911)>	Hugh Ellsworth Rodham (April 2, 1911 – April 7, 1993) was an American businessman. He was the father of Hillary Clinton.Hugh Ellsworth Rodham was born on April 2, 1911, in Scranton, Pennsylvania, the son of Hugh Rodham (1879–1965) and Hannah Jones (1882–1952). His parents were  from the United Kingdom – his father emigrated from Oxhill, County Durham, England, at a young age with his family, him being the son of a coal miner, while his mother was born in Pennsylvania, to immigrant parents from Wales, one of whom was from Merthyr Tydfil; she was also descended from coal miner parents.Rodham attended Pennsylvania State University and was a third-string tight end for the Penn State Nittany Lions football team. He joined the Delta Upsilon fraternity. He graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in physical education from the College of Education in 1935, at the height of the Great Depression.
<UniCredit_Banca>	UniCredit Banca S.p.A. was the retail banking division of UniCredit Group. On 1 July 2002, Rolo Banca, Banca CRT, Cariverona Banca, Cassamarca, Cassa di Risparmio di Trento e Rovereto and Cassa di Risparmio di Trieste were merged into Credito Italiano S.p.A. (a new subsidiary of UniCredit incorporated in December 1999), with Credito Italiano was renamed into UniCredit Banca S.p.A.. On 1 January 2003 UniCredit Private Banking and UniCredit Banca d'Impresa were spin off from UniCredit BancaAfter UniCredit acquired Capitalia Group in an all-share deal in 2007, UniCredit Group gained the brand Banca di Roma and Banco di Sicilia. UniCredit Banca exchanged branches with the two sister companies (as well as absorbing Bipop Carire), making UniCredit Banca was specialized in the northern Italy. 3 branches of former UniCredit Banca were sold to fellow Italian bank Banca Carige.In 2010, UniCredit Banca was absorbed by the parent company UniCredit S.p.A., becoming the retail division of the company.
<Landon_Donovan>	Landon Timothy Donovan (born March 4, 1982) is an American former professional soccer player. Donovan is also the co-founder and vice-president of soccer operations for USL Championship side San Diego Loyal SC, and serves as strategic advisor for English side Lincoln City. He was voted as the best U.S. soccer player of all time by a poll conducted by ESPN, along with Major League Soccer having ranked Donovan as the greatest American soccer player of all time.A former forward, he holds numerous individual records in Major League Soccer (MLS) and for the United States national team and is regarded as the greatest U.S. men's soccer player of all time. Donovan signed for Bayer 04 Leverkusen in 1999. In 2005, after six years with Leverkusen, the majority of which were spent on loan with the San Jose Earthquakes of MLS, Donovan moved back to the United States permanently to sign with the Los Angeles Galaxy. He later returned to Germany for a loan with Bayern Munich, and twice went on short loans to English Premier League club Everton in 2010 and 2012. He retired as a player in 2014, but made a brief comeback with LA Galaxy late in the 2016 season and then in 2018 to play for Club León. He further played one season with the San Diego Sockers of the Major Arena Soccer League.
<Tyler_Prize_for_Environmental_Achievement>	The Tyler Prize for Environmental Achievement is an annual award for environmental science, environmental health, and energy. Tyler Laureates receive a $200,000 cash prize and a medallion. The prize is administered by the University of Southern California and was established by John and Alice Tyler in 1973. It is regarded as the "Nobel for environment".Tyler Prize for Environmental Achievement was founded in 1973 by John and Alice Tyler and was launched by Ronald Reagan. It was funded with a gift of $5 million by Jack Tyler and was initially administered by Pepperdine University.The Executive Committee oversees the activities of the Tyler Prize, including the selection of Tyler Prize Laureates. Members of this international Committee are selected for their experience in the fields of relevance to the Tyler Prize and are assisted by the Tyler Prize Administrator, based at the University of Southern California.The current committee consists of: 
<Newport_News,_Virginia>	Newport News (/ˌnjuːpɔːrt -, -pərt -/) is an independent city in the U.S. state of Virginia. At the 2020 census, the population was 186,247. Located in the Hampton Roads region, it is the 5th most populous city in Virginia and 140th most populous city in the United States.Newport News is included in the Hampton Roads metropolitan area. It is at the southeastern end of the Virginia Peninsula, on the northern shore of the James River extending southeast from Skiffe's Creek along many miles of waterfront to the river's mouth at Newport News Point on the harbor of Hampton Roads. The area now known as Newport News was once a part of Warwick County. Warwick County was one of the eight original shires of Virginia, formed by the House of Burgesses in the British Colony of Virginia by order of King Charles I in 1634.
<John_Buscema>	John Buscema (/bjuːˈsɛmə/; Italian: [buʃˈʃɛːma]; born Giovanni Natale Buscema, December 11, 1927 – January 10, 2002) was an American comic book artist and one of the mainstays of Marvel Comics during its 1960s and 1970s ascendancy into an industry leader and its subsequent expansion to a major pop-culture conglomerate. His younger brother Sal Buscema is also a comic book artist.Buscema is best known for his run on the series The Avengers and The Silver Surfer, and for over 200 stories featuring the sword-and-sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. In addition, he pencilled at least one issue of nearly every major Marvel title, including long runs on two of the company's top magazines, Fantastic Four and Thor.He was inducted into the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2002.
<Grange_Hill>	Grange Hill is a British children's television drama series, originally produced by the BBC and portraying life in a typical comprehensive school. The show began its run on 8 February 1978 on BBC1, and was one of the longest-running programmes on British television when it ended on 15 September 2008 after 31 series. It was created by Phil Redmond, who is also responsible for the Channel 4 dramas Brookside and Hollyoaks; other notable production team members down the years have included producer Colin Cant and script editor Anthony Minghella.The show was cancelled in 2008, having run every year for 30 years. It was felt by the BBC that the series had run its course.
<EMBO_Membership>	Membership of the European Molecular Biology Organization (EMBO)  is an award granted by the European Molecular Biology Organization (EMBO) in recognition of "research excellence and the outstanding achievements made by a life scientist".As of 2018[update], 88 EMBO Members and Associate Members have been awarded Nobel Prizes in either Physiology or Medicine, Chemistry or Physics. See Category:Members of the European Molecular Biology Organization for examples of EMBO members.Elections for membership are held annually with candidates for membership being nominated and elected exclusively by existing EMBO members, membership cannot be applied for directly. Three types of membership exist:
<Bruce_Snyder>	Bruce Fletcher Snyder (March 14, 1940 – April 13, 2009) was an American football player and coach.  After playing college football at the University of Oregon in the early 1960s as a fullback, Snyder embarked on a coaching career.  He was the head football coach at Utah State University (1976–1982), University of California, Berkeley (1987–1991), and Arizona State University (1992–2000), compiling a record of 125–106–6 (.540) at the three schools.Snyder's 58 wins and nine-year tenure as head coach at Arizona State each rank second in school history to marks set by Frank Kush, who coached the Sun Devils from 1958 to 1979 and won 173 games.  Snyder led ASU to four bowl games including a win in the 1997 Sun Bowl.  More than 40 ASU players coached by Snyder were selected in the National Football League Draft, including seven in the first round, and more than 40 others signed free agent contracts in the National Football League (NFL). After his stint at Arizona State, Snyder assisted long-time friend John Robinson at UNLV for one season in 2003. He also served under Robinson as an assistant coach from 1983 to 1986 for the Los Angeles Rams of the National Football League (NFL).Snyder was twice named Pac-10 Coach of the Year, in 1990 with Cal and in 1996 with Arizona State. He is a member of the Arizona State Hall of Fame. His best Sun Devil team was the 1996 unit. With Jake Plummer at quarterback, Snyder led ASU to an 11–1 record.  The Sun Devils stunned the top-ranked and two-time defending national champion Nebraska Cornhuskers in the season's second game. Arizona State reeled off the third undefeated regular season in school history en route 1997 Rose Bowl, where they came within 19 seconds of a victory over Ohio State.  Had they won, the Sun Devils would have likely won at least a share of the national championship, as they would have been the only undefeated major-conference team in the nation.  For his efforts that season, Snyder won a number of national coaching awards, including the Paul "Bear" Bryant Award and the Walter Camp Coach of the Year Award.
<White_Gold_(1949_film)>	White Gold (German: Weißes Gold) is a 1949 Austrian drama film directed by Eduard von Borsody and starring Heinrich Gretler, Alma Seidler and Robert Freitag.The film's art direction was by Julius von Borsody.This article related to an Austrian film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Perth>	Perth is the capital and largest city of the Australian state of Western Australia. It is the fourth most populous city in Australia and Oceania, with a population of 2.1 million (80% of the state) living in Greater Perth in 2020. Perth is part of the South West Land Division of Western Australia, with most of the metropolitan area on the Swan Coastal Plain between the Indian Ocean and the Darling Scarp. The city has expanded outward from the original British settlements on the Swan River, upon which the city's central business district and port of Fremantle are situated. Perth is located on the traditional lands of the Whadjuk Noongar people, where Aboriginal Australians have lived for at least 45,000 years.Captain James Stirling founded Perth in 1829 as the administrative centre of the Swan River Colony. It was named after the city of Perth in Scotland, due to the influence of Stirling's patron Sir George Murray, who had connections with the area. It gained city status in 1856, although the Perth City Council currently governs only a small area around the central business district. The city's population increased substantially as a result of the Western Australian gold rushes in the late 19th century. It has grown steadily since World War II due to a high net migration rate. Post-war immigrants were predominantly from the British Isles and Southern Europe, while more recent arrivals see a growing population of Asian descent. Several mining booms in other parts of Western Australia in the late 20th and early 21st centuries saw Perth become the regional headquarters for large mining operations.
<Niels_Kaj_Jerne>	Niels Kaj Jerne, FRS (23 December 1911 – 7 October 1994) was a Danish immunologist. He shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1984 with Georges J. F. Köhler and César Milstein "for theories concerning the specificity in development and control of the immune system and the discovery of the principle for production of monoclonal antibodies".Jerne is known for three significant ideas. Firstly, instead of the body producing antibodies in response to an antigen, Jerne postulated that the immune system already has the specific antibodies it needs to fight antigens. Secondly, it was known that the immune system learns to be tolerant to the individual's own self. Jerne postulated that this learning takes place in the thymus. Thirdly, it was known that T cells and B cells communicate with each other.
<The_Little_Friend>	The Little Friend is the second novel by the American author, Donna Tartt. The novel was initially published by Alfred A. Knopf on October 22, 2002, a decade after her first novel, The Secret History.The Little Friend  is a mystery adventure, centered on a young girl, Harriet Cleve Dufresnes, living in Mississippi in the early 1970s. The story follows Harriet's anxiety surrounding the unexplained death of her brother, Robin, who was killed by hanging in 1964 at the age of nine. As well, the dynamics of Harriet's extended family–particularly her aunts–are a strong focus of the novel, as are the lifestyles and customs of contrasting Southerners.In an interview with The Guardian in 2002, Tartt described The Little Friend as "a frightening, scary book about children coming into contact with the world of adults in a frightening way." Tartt told the interviewer that The Little Friend was intentionally different from The Secret History, stating: "I wanted to take on a completely different set of technical problems. The Secret History was all from the point of view of Richard, a single camera, but the new book is symphonic, like War And Peace. That's widely thought to be the most difficult form."
<Will_Knightley>	Will Knightley (born 23 April 1946) is an English television and stage actor.He has primarily worked on the stage, and is a founding member of London's Half Moon Theatre. In addition to acting, he has performed voice-over work. He has had TV stints in The Bill, A Touch of Frost, Midsomer Murders and various adverts. In 2009 he appeared in the BBC drama A Short Stay in Switzerland.
<Killing_Hope>	Killing Hope: U.S. Military and CIA Interventions since World War II by William Blum is a history book on covert CIA operations and United States military interventions during the second half of the 20th century. The book takes a strongly critical view of American foreign policy.The book covers various US foreign policy ventures from just after World War II onward. Its basic premise is that the American Cold War-era activities abroad were done with imperialist motives. It is an updated and revised version of one of Blum's previous works, The CIA - A Forgotten History (1986).Noam Chomsky called the book "far and away the best book on the topic." John Stockwell described it as "[t]he single most useful summary of CIA history", Ramsey Clark judged it a "valuable contribution", and International Security's Teresa Pelton Johnson wrote: "Blum has performed a very important service in collecting this information in one place, and the documentation is praiseworthy."
<Archibald_Leitch>	Archibald Keir Leitch (27 April 1865 – 25 April 1939) was a Scottish architect, most famous for his work designing football stadiums throughout Great Britain and Ireland.Born in Glasgow, Leitch's early work was on designing tea factories in Deltota in the former Kandyan Kingdom of Ceylon, as well as factories in his home city and in Lanarkshire, the sole surviving example of which being the category A listed Sentinel Works [de] at Jessie Street, Polmadie, south of Glasgow city centre. In 1896 he became a member of the Institution of Engineers and Shipbuilders in Scotland, and later of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers. He moved into stadium design when he was commissioned to build Ibrox Park, the new home ground of his boyhood heroes Rangers, in 1899.
<Peter_Drysdale>	Peter David Drysdale AO (born 24 October 1938, in Grafton, New South Wales) is an Australian economist and writer. He is Emeritus Professor of Economics in the Crawford School of Public Policy in the College of Asia and the Pacific at the Australian National University. He was executive director of the Australia-Japan Research Centre (AJRC) until 2002.Drysdale is Head of the East Asian Bureau of Economic Research (EABER). He is also co-editor of East Asia Forum, which is consistently cited in Reuters, The Telegraph, The Australian Financial Review, PBS, BBC News and Global Times, among others.
<Brian_Howard_(footballer)>	Brian Howard may refer to:
<Frederick_C._Sauer>	Frederick C. Sauer (1860, Heidelberg, Grand Duchy of Baden – 1942 Aspinwall, Pennsylvania, United States) was a German-American architect, particularly in the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, region of the late 19th and early 20th centuries.Sauer, a German-born immigrant to the United States, was a stonemason, bricklayer and carpenter while studying at Technical school in Wittenberg, before studying at Stuttgart. He moved to Pittsburgh from Germany in 1880, established a Pittsburgh office in 1884, established the Aspinwall-Delafield Land Company in 1904, and built about a dozen Catholic churches in the area.  Perhaps his most notable works are St. Stanislaus Kostka Church (1891) in the Strip District of Pittsburgh, St. Mary of the Mount Church (1896) on Mount Washington in Pittsburgh, Saint Mary Magdalene Church in Homestead (1895), Latimer School (1898) in East Allegheny on the North Side of Pittsburgh, the old St. Nicholas Croatian Catholic Church (1900) in Troy Hill, and the St. Nicholas Croatian Church in Millvale (1922).  In 1898, Sauer built a home for himself in Aspinwall, Pennsylvania.  After remodeling his chicken coop in an eccentric mode in 1928 and 1930, he gradually transformed a wooded hillside into an architectural fantasy, and a complex of castlesque buildings and landscape features in Fantastic architectural style gradually took shape and was progressively added to by Sauer until his death in 1942.  The site is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as an historic district entitled the Sauer Buildings Historic District. "It is the most bizarre collection of buildings in Western Pennsylvania," says Franklin Toker, professor of art and architecture at the University of Pittsburgh.Italics denote a Nationally Registered Historic Place:
<Peter_Pan_(1953_film)>	Peter Pan is a 1953 American animated adventure fantasy film produced by Walt Disney Productions and based on the 1904 play Peter Pan, or The Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up by J. M. Barrie. Directed by Clyde Geronimi, Hamilton Luske and Wilfred Jackson, it is the 14th Disney animated feature film. Starring the voices of Bobby Driscoll, Kathryn Beaumont, Hans Conried, Paul Collins, Heather Angel, and Bill Thompson, the film's plot involves a group of children who meet Peter Pan and travel to the island of Never Land to stay young, where Peter also attempts to evade Captain Hook.The film was entered into the 1953 Cannes Film Festival, and was originally released on February 5, 1953 by RKO Radio Pictures. Peter Pan was the final Disney animated feature released through RKO before Walt Disney founded his own distribution company, as well as the final Disney film in which all nine members of Disney's Nine Old Men worked together as directing animators. A sequel titled Return to Never Land was released in 2002, and a series of direct-to-DVD prequels produced by Disneytoon Studios focusing on Tinker Bell began in 2008. A live-action adaptation is scheduled to be released on Disney+ in 2023.
<William_Shockley>	William Bradford Shockley Jr. (February 13, 1910 – August 12, 1989) was an American physicist and inventor. He was the manager of a research group at Bell Labs that included John Bardeen and Walter Brattain. The three scientists were jointly awarded the 1956 Nobel Prize in Physics for "their researches on semiconductors and their discovery of the transistor effect".Partly as a result of Shockley's attempts to commercialize a new transistor design in the 1950s and 1960s, California's Silicon Valley became a hotbed of electronics innovation.
<Seth_Neddermeyer>	Seth Henry Neddermeyer (September 16, 1907 – January 29, 1988) was an American physicist who co-discovered the muon, and later championed the Implosion-type nuclear weapon while working on the Manhattan Project at the Los Alamos Laboratory during World War II.Seth Henry Neddermeyer was born in Richmond, Michigan, on September 16, 1907. He attended Olivet College, a small college that his mother, older sister, and uncle had also attended, for two years before his family moved to California. He transferred to Stanford University, from which received his Bachelor of Arts (AB) degree in 1929. His interest in physics was inspired by the work of Robert A. Millikan, and he enrolled in graduate school at California Institute of Technology (Caltech), where he wrote his 1935 PhD thesis on "The absorption of high energy electrons", under the supervision of Carl D. Anderson. He confirmed the theory espoused by Niels Bohr for this process. He also noted large radiative energy losses of electrons in lead, in agreement with the theory propounded by Hans Bethe and Walter Heitler.
<Charter_Company>	The Charter Company of Jacksonville, Florida was a conglomerate with more than 180 subsidiaries that was in the Fortune 500 for 11 years beginning in 1974 and ranked 61st in 1984. The company filed for bankruptcy protection in late 1984, eventually selling off all of its businesses and purchasing Spelling Entertainment Inc. to form Spelling Entertainment Group Inc in 1992.The Charter Company was started in Jacksonville, Florida, in 1949 by Jacksonville native, Raymond Knight Mason, who had just graduated from college. The company's roots were from the Mason Lumber Company, founded in 1919.Edward Ball, a powerful figure in Florida business and politics for decades, was Mason's friend and mentor. Ball worked for Alfred I. du Pont for nine years as a business associate before du Pont's death in 1935, then managed the Alfred I. duPont Testamentary Trust's assets for another 46 years.
<Charlotte_Bühler>	Charlotte Bühler (née Malachowski; December 20, 1893 – February 3, 1974) was a German-American developmental psychologist.Bühler was born Charlotte Berta Malachowski in Berlin, the elder of two children of Jewish government architect Hermann Malachowski, and his wife Rose (née Kristeller).After graduating from high school in 1913, Charlotte Malachowski studied natural sciences and humanities at the University of Freiburg and the University of Berlin.  In 1918, she received her doctorate from the University of Munich with a dissertation on the topic Über Gedankenentstehung: Experimentelle Untersuchungen zur Denkpsychologie ("On the origin of thought: Experimental studies on the psychology of thought"). That same year she went to Dresden to work with Karl Bühler, where she continued her research in the fields of child and youth psychology, as well as working on her habilitation. In  1920, she completed her habilitation at the Technical University of Dresden and became qualified to teach in Saxony.
<EA_Sports>	EA Sports is a division of Electronic Arts that develops and publishes sports video games.  Formerly a marketing gimmick of Electronic Arts, in which they tried to imitate real-life sports networks by calling themselves the "EA Sports Network" (EASN) with pictures or endorsements with real commentators such as John Madden, it soon grew up to become a sub-label on its own, releasing game series such as FIFA, NHL, NBA Live and Madden NFL.Most games under this brand are developed by EA Vancouver, the Electronic Arts studio in Burnaby, British Columbia as well as EA Tiburon in Maitland, Florida. The main rival to EA Sports is 2K Sports. Notably, both companies compete over the realm of NBA games, with 2K releasing the NBA 2K series. Konami is its rival in association football games with their own series, eFootball.
<William_Young_(architect)>	William Young (baptized 25 March 1843 – 1 November 1900) was a Scottish architect, the designer of Glasgow City Chambers.Young was born in Paisley, Scotland in 1843, the son of James Young, a bootmaker and spirit dealer. He was baptized on 25 March that year.
<Ashton_Dearholt>	Ashton Dearholt (April 4, 1894 – April 27, 1942) was an American actor of the silent film era. He appeared in 75 films between 1915 and 1938. He was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and died in Los Angeles, California. He was sometimes billed as Richard Holt.Dearholt worked with Universal Studios on a number of melodramas during the 1910s but usually worked outside the studio system, producing and starring in a series of "Pinto Pete" Western during the 1920s. He occasionally acted under the name Richard Holt.
<Morland_Brewery>	Morland was a British brewery which was bought by Greene King in 2000.  Morland's beers include Hen's Tooth, Old Speckled Hen, Tanner's Jack and Morland's Original.John Morland founded the brewery in 1711. In the 1860s, Morland bought Abbey Brewery and Eagle Brewery and in 1885 changed its name to United Breweries. The company bought several more breweries and around 1944 changed its name back to Morland. In 1979, Morland created Old Speckled Hen, one of their most popular beers.
<E.T._the_Extra-Terrestrial>	E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial (or simply E.T.) is a 1982 American science fiction film produced and directed by Steven Spielberg and written by Melissa Mathison. It tells the story of Elliott, a boy who befriends an extraterrestrial, dubbed E.T., who is left behind on Earth. Along with his friends and family, Elliott must find a way to help E.T. find his way home. The film stars Dee Wallace, Henry Thomas, Peter Coyote, Robert MacNaughton and Drew Barrymore.The film's concept was based on an imaginary friend that Spielberg created after his parents' divorce. In 1980, Spielberg met Mathison and developed a new story from the unrealized project Night Skies. In less than two months, Mathison wrote the first draft of the script, titled E.T. and Me, which went through two rewrites. The project was rejected by Columbia Pictures, who doubted its commercial potential. Universal Pictures eventually purchased the script for $1 million. Filming took place from September to December 1981 on a budget of $10.5 million. Unlike most films, E.T. was shot in rough chronological order to facilitate convincing emotional performances from the young cast. The animatronics for the film were designed by Carlo Rambaldi.
<Central_European_Media_Enterprises>	Central European Media Enterprises Ltd. (CME) is a media and entertainment company that operates television channels in Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia. Until its acquisition by PPF Group N.V. in October 2020, the company was listed on NASDAQ and Prague Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol CETV. It has since been delisted.Central European Media Enterprises Ltd. was co-founded in 1991 by Americans Ronald Lauder and Mark Palmer in Germany as CEDC GmbH (Central European Development Corporation) and later  changed its name and reincorporated in the Netherlands as Central European Media Enterprises (CME). It started broadcasting its first channel in the Czech Republic in 1994. 
<Ulysses_Guimarães>	Ulysses Silveira Guimarães (Portuguese pronunciation: [uˈɫisi sːiwˈvejɾɐ ɡimɐˈɾɐ̃js] October 6, 1916 – October 12, 1992) was a Brazilian politician and lawyer who played an important role in opposing the military dictatorship in Brazil and in the fight to restore democracy in the country. He died in a helicopter accident by the shore near Angra dos Reis, in the south of Rio de Janeiro state.Ulysses Silveira Guimarães was born in the village of Itaqueri da Serra, today a district of Itirapina, which was then part of Rio Claro, São Paulo State. He had an active academic life, participating in the Centro Acadêmico XI de Agosto (August XI Academic Center) and exercising vice president of the União Nacional dos Estudantes. Guimarães has graduated in Law and Social Sciences, at the School of Law of University of São Paulo (USP).He was a teacher for several years at the Mackenzie University School of Law, where he eventually became Professor of Public International Law. He taught Municipal Law at the Law Faculty of Itu, and Constitutional Law at the Law School of Bauru. He specialized in Tax Law. Ulysses Guimarães worked at Santos Futebol Clube, starting on January 10, 1941. In 1942, he was appointed chief executive of the club's offices in São Paulo, a position he took back in 1945. In 1944, he was elected vice president of the club.
<Chicago_Fire_Soccer_Club>	Chicago Fire Football Club is an American professional soccer franchise based in Chicago. The team competes in Major League Soccer (MLS) as a member of the league's Eastern Conference, having moved to the conference in 2002.The franchise named in memory of the Great Chicago Fire of 1871, was founded as the Chicago Fire Soccer Club on October 8, 1997, the Great Fire's 126th anniversary. The team began play in 1998 as one of the league's first expansion teams. The Fire won the MLS Cup as well as the U.S. Open Cup (the "double") in their first season in 1998. They also won U.S. Open Cups in 2000, 2003, and 2006, in addition to the 2003 MLS Supporters' Shield.
<Ryan_Haddon>	Ryan Haddon (born April 17, 1971) is an American journalist, news presenter, and television producer.Haddon is the daughter of businessman Glenn Souham and former model Dayle Haddon. She grew up in Toronto and Paris, and graduated from Boston University with a degree in communications.Haddon had a series of entertainment-based reporting jobs for various newspapers, magazines, and eventually television.[citation needed]
<Shekhar_Kapur>	Shekhar Kulbhushan Kapur (born 6 December 1945) is an Indian filmmaker and actor. Born into the Anand-Sahni family, Kapur is the recipient of several accolades, including a National Film Award, a National Board of Review Award and three Filmfare Awards, in addition to nominations for a BAFTA Award and a Golden Globe Award. Kapur became known in Bollywood with his recurring role in the television series Khandaan. He then made his directorial debut with cult classic Masoom in 1983, before gaining widespread acclaim with Mr. India in 1987. He then gained international recognition and acclaim in 1994 with biographical film Bandit Queen, based on the infamous Indian bandit and politician Phoolan Devi, it was premiered in the directors fortnight section of the 1994 Cannes Film Festival and was screened at the Edinburgh Film Festival.
<Arcadia_Group>	Arcadia Group Ltd (formerly Arcadia Group plc and, until 1998, Burton Group plc) was a British multinational retailing company headquartered in London, England. It was best known for being the previous parent company of British Home Stores (BHS), Burton, Dorothy Perkins, Debenhams, Evans, Miss Selfridge, Topman, Topshop, Wallis and Warehouse. At its peak, the group had more than 2,500 outlets in the UK, as well as concessions in UK department stores and several hundred franchises operated internationally.The company was majority owned by Taveta Investments, owned by Tina Green, wife of Sir Philip Green, chairman of the Arcadia Group.
<OuiDo!_Productions>	Technicolor Animation Productions (formerly OuiDo! Productions) is the production arm of the Technicolor Creative Studios animation group.On February 25, 2015, Technicolor SA acquired OuiDo! Productions, and renamed the studio "Technicolor Animation Productions". After the Technicolor SA purchase, OuiDo! works were retroactively credited with the new company name and logo, replacing the OuiDo! logo.[citation needed]It partnered up with American-based Bagdasarian Productions to produce the 2015 ALVINNN!!! and the Chipmunks with PGS Entertainment.Alvin and the Chipmunks started airing in March 2015 and April 2015 respectively in the United States and United Kingdom on Nickelodeon.
<The_Poseidon_Adventure_(1972_film)>	The Poseidon Adventure is a 1972 American disaster film directed by Ronald Neame, produced by Irwin Allen, and based on Paul Gallico's 1969 novel of the same name. It has an ensemble cast including five Oscar winners: Gene Hackman, Ernest Borgnine, Jack Albertson, Shelley Winters, and Red Buttons. The plot centers on the fictional SS Poseidon, an aging luxury liner on her final voyage from New York City to Athens, before it is scrapped. On New Year's Day, it is overturned by a tsunami. Passengers and crew are trapped inside, and a preacher attempts to lead a small group of survivors to safety.The film is in the vein of other all-star disaster films of the early through mid-1970s, such as Airport (1970), Earthquake (1974), and The Towering Inferno (1974). It was released in December 1972 and was the highest-grossing film of 1973, earning over $125 million worldwide. It was nominated for eight Academy Awards, making it one of the most nominated films of all time, and went on to win two Oscars,  a Golden Globe Award, a British Academy Film Award, and a Motion Picture Sound Editors Award. A sequel, Beyond the Poseidon Adventure, also based on a novel by Gallico, was released in 1979.The SS Poseidon, an ocean liner slated for retirement, is traveling from New York City to Athens. Despite safety concerns from Captain Harrison,  the new owner's representative Linarcos insists he go full speed to save money, preventing Poseidon from taking on ballast.
<Portrait_of_a_Large_Dog>	Portrait of a Large Dog is an oil painting depicting a dingo (Canis lupus dingo) by George Stubbs (August 25, 1724 - July 10, 1806). It is part of the collection of the National Maritime Museum in Greenwich, London. The painting and The Kongouro from New Holland were the first Western paintings of Australian mammals and, in fact, the first time most Europeans had ever seen these living creatures.The oil painting was commissioned by Joseph Banks based on his observations of dingoes on the east coast of Australia in 1770 during Lieutenant James Cook's first voyage of discovery. No specimen was collected for use as a subject, unlike its companion painting The Kongouro from New Holland, and it is seen as a fairly general depiction of a dingo, soon superseded by more accurate depictions in 1789. The two works were the only paintings that Stubbs, highly regarded in the genre, did not draw from a live subject, although it is one of the few oil paintings to present a scientific specimen.
<Galatasaray_S.K._(football)>	Galatasaray Spor Kulübü from kerem (Turkish pronunciation: [ɡaɫatasaˈɾaj ˈspoɾ kulyˈby], Galatasaray Sports Club), also known as Galatasaray AŞ in UEFA competitions, is a Turkish professional football club based on the European side of the city of Istanbul in Turkey. It is the association football branch of the larger Galatasaray Sports Club of the same name, itself a part of the Galatasaray Community Cooperation Committee which includes Galatasaray High School where the football club was founded in October 1905 consisting entirely of student members. The team traditionally play in dark shades of red and yellow at home, with the shirts split down the middle between the two colours.Galatasaray is one of three teams to have participated in all seasons of the Süper Lig since 1959, following the dissolution of the Istanbul Football League.
<Rolling_Stone_Original_(Goo_Goo_Dolls_EP)>	The following article documents the album, single, video and multimedia releases by the American rock band the Goo Goo Dolls.
<George_Gissing>	George Robert Gissing (/ˈɡɪsɪŋ/; 22 November 1857 – 28 December 1903) was an English novelist, who published 23 novels between 1880 and 1903. His best-known works have reappeared in modern editions. They include The Nether World (1889), New Grub Street (1891) and The Odd Women (1893).Gissing was born on 22 November 1857 in Wakefield, Yorkshire, the eldest of five children of Thomas Waller Gissing, who ran a chemist's shop, and Margaret (née Bedford). His siblings were: William, who died aged twenty; Algernon, who became a writer; Margaret; and Ellen. His childhood home in Thompson's Yard, Wakefield, is maintained by The Gissing Trust.
<Wally_Wood>	Wallace Allan Wood (June 17, 1927 – November 2, 1981) was an American comic book writer, artist and independent publisher, widely known for his work on EC Comics's titles such as Weird Science, Weird Fantasy,  and MAD Magazine from its inception in 1952 until 1964, as well as for T.H.U.N.D.E.R. Agents, and work for Warren Publishing's Creepy. He drew a few early issues of Marvel's Daredevil and established the title character's distinctive red costume. Wood created and owned the long-running characters Sally Forth and Cannon.He wrote, drew, and self-published two of the three graphic novels of his magnum opus, The Wizard King trilogy, about Odkin son of Odkin before his death by suicide.
<Irving_Fiske>	Irving L. Fiske (born Irving Louis Fishman; March 5, 1908 – April 25, 1990) was an American playwright, writer, and public speaker. He worked for the Federal Writer's Project of the Works Progress Administration (WPA) in the 1930s, where he was a writer and rewrite man on The WPA Guide to New York City, in print today. He corresponded with George Bernard Shaw, wrote an article now considered a classic, "Bernard Shaw's Debt to William Blake," and translated Shakespeare's Hamlet into Modern English. He and his wife Barbara Fiske Calhoun co-founded the artist's retreat and "hippie commune" Quarry Hill Creative Center, on the Fiske family property, in Rochester, Vermont.Fiske was born in Brooklyn, New York, to an immigrant Jewish family from Georgia, Russia, and Romania. He graduated from Cornell University in 1928. He had two brothers, Milton and Robert, and a sister, Miriam. Milton was a Bohemian, like Irving, and a classical composer, like his hero, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, with whom he shared a birthday.[citation needed]Fiske wrote for H. L. Mencken's American Mercury.
<Kavi_Kant>	Manishankar Ratnji Bhatt (Gujarati: મણિશંકર રત્નજી ભટૃ), popularly known as Kavi Kant (Gujarati: કવિ કાન્ત) was a Gujarati poet, playwright and essayist. He is an innovator of Khandkavya, a typical Gujarati poetic form and narration of one episode. His book Purvalap (1923) is a landmark in Gujarati poetry.Kavi Kant was born in Prashnora Brahman Family on 20 November 1867 in Chavand, a village in Amreli Prant of Baroda state, to Motibahen and Ratnaji Bhatt. His family's influence left him with a deep interest in both education and philosophy. He was a student of both Hindu and Biblical philosophy. He took his primary education at Mangrol, Morbi and Rajkot. He completed his Bachelor of Arts in 1888 from Bombay University with Logic and  Moral philosophy subjects. He served as a teacher at Surat in 1889. From 1890 to 1898, he served as Professor and then Vice principal at Kalabhavan, Vadodara. He was on tour to Kashmir in 1923. While returning to Lahore from Rawalpindi in train, he died en route on 16 June 1923.In 1891 his first wife Narmada died. The death of his wife affected Kant deeply, and he could not find solace in his own religion. His search for answers about life and death led him to the philosophy of Emanuel Swedenborg. His writings provided some relief for his grief and he converted to Christianity in 1898. His family and friends opposed his decision and due to public and political opposition, he had to give up his position as minister of education in the Bhavnagar State. The community shunned both him and his family. Kant took the decision to leave the community and his family, for the sake of his wife and children. Realizing the repercussions of Kant's decision, the King of Bhavnagar along with some of his friends formed an "intervention" of sorts to ask him to change his mind.  He realized that he could not stand to see his family suffer because of this decision. He missed them dearly and did not want to be apart from them.
<Albert_Fert>	Albert Fert (French: [albɛʁ fɛʁ]; born 7 March 1938) is a French physicist and one of the discoverers of giant magnetoresistance which brought about a breakthrough in gigabyte hard disks. Currently, he is an emeritus professor at Paris-Saclay University in Orsay, scientific director of a joint laboratory (Unité mixte de recherche) between the Centre national de la recherche scientifique (National Scientific Research Centre) and Thales Group, and adjunct professor at Michigan State University. He was awarded the 2007 Nobel Prize in Physics together with Peter Grünberg.In 1962 Albert Fert graduated from the École Normale Supérieure in Paris, where he attended courses by the physicists Alfred Kastler and Jacques Friedel.  (As an undergraduate he had strong interests in photography and cinema, and was a great admirer of the work of Ingmar Bergman).)After the École Normale Supérieure, Fert attended the University of Grenoble and in 1963 received his Ph.D. (doctorat de troisième cycle) from the University of Paris with a thesis prepared in the fundamental electronic Orsay Faculty of Sciences and in the physical spectrometry laboratory of the University of Grenoble Faculty of Sciences.
<RCA>	The RCA Corporation was a major American electronics company, which was founded as the Radio Corporation of America in 1919. It was initially a patent trust owned by General Electric (GE), Westinghouse, AT&T Corporation and United Fruit Company. In 1932, RCA became an independent company after the partners were required to divest their ownership as part of the settlement of a government antitrust suit.An innovative and progressive company, RCA was the dominant electronics and communications firm in the United States for over five decades. RCA was at the forefront of the mushrooming radio industry in the early 1920s, as a major manufacturer of radio receivers, and the exclusive manufacturer of the first superheterodyne sets. RCA also created the first nationwide American radio network, the National Broadcasting Company (NBC). The company was also a pioneer in the introduction and development of television, both black and white and especially color television. During this period, RCA was closely identified with the leadership of David Sarnoff. He became general manager at the company's founding, served as president from 1930 to 1965, and remained active as chairman of the board until the end of 1969.
<Wicked_Witch_Software>	Wicked Witch Software is an Australian video game developer that was founded in 2001 by Daniel Visser, the managing director. Wicked Witch Software has produced 50 or more games across platforms such as Android, iOS, PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and Steam.Wicked Witch Software has provided work for local and international developers and publishers, including Microsoft, Torus, Krome, and Tru Blu.
<The_Good_Lord_Bird>	The Good Lord Bird is a 2013 novel by James McBride about Henry Shackleford, an enslaved person, who unites with John Brown in Brown's abolitionist mission. The novel won the National Book Award for Fiction in 2013 and received generally positive reviews from critics.The memoirs of Henry Shackleford, an enslaved person in Kansas during the Bleeding Kansas era, are discovered in a Delaware church. Henry, nicknamed "Little Onion" for eating a particularly rancid onion, accidentally encounters abolitionist John Brown in a tavern. Brown mistakes Henry for a girl and gives him a dress to wear; Shackleford wears a dress for much of the novel. The two join together, and Henry narrates his encounters with Frederick Douglass, Harriet Tubman, and the events at John Brown's raid on Harpers Ferry. The book is narrated in the first person through Henry.The novel received generally positive reviews from critics, with several reviewers comparing it to Adventures of Huckleberry Finn (1884). In a review for the Los Angeles Times, Héctor Tobar called the novel "laugh-out-loud funny and filled with many wonderfully bizarre images", but noted the lack of humanity in comparison to Huckleberry Finn or Middle Passage (1990). Tobar went on to say "those looking for verisimilitude or gravitas in their historical fiction might want to avoid The Good Lord Bird." Laura Miller of Salon drew comparisons between the novel and Huckleberry Finn, specifically comparing the moral awakening of Finn to the journey of Henry; writer Christine Brunkhorst notes how Onion and Finn both encounter "drunken rebels, brutal slave owners, spineless men, clairvoyant women, crooked judges and some brave and principled people." In a review for the San Francisco Chronicle, novelist Amity Gaige praised McBride's "reimagining" of Brown's raid on Harpers Ferry and added that he "[managed] to novelize real historical events without dreary prostrations to the act".
<William_Edmond_Logan>	Sir William Edmond Logan, FRSE FRS FGS (20 April 1798 – 22 June 1875), was a Canadian-born geologist and the founder and first director of the Geological Survey of Canada.William Edmond Logan was born into a well-to-do Montreal family in 1798, the third son of William Logan, a baker and owner of real estate, and Janet Edmond, both originally from Scotland.
<Magnus_Poulsson>	Magnus Poulsson (14 July 1881 – 18 March 1958) was a Norwegian architect.Poulsson was born in Drammen, Buskerud county, Norway. His parents were Søren Anton Poulsson (1847–1934) and Ina Bolette Jørgensen (1851–1922). He studied at Den kongelige Tegne- og Kunstskole i Christiania, now the Norwegian National Academy of Craft and Art Industry  in Oslo from 1900 to 1903, at the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm from 1903 to 1905 and apprenticed from 1905 to 1909. Poulsson established his own practice in Oslo during 1909 and worked closely with Arnstein Arneberg. Magnus Poulsson  is most famous for designing the Oslo City Hall, together with Arnstein Arneberg. He is also known for his work on  Bærum City Hall (Bærum Rådhus) in Sandvika (1925 and 1958), KNA Hotel in Oslo (1931), Eystein church in Hjerkin and Haslum Chapel in Bærum.  Poulsson's work also included private residences, office buildings, churches and interiors. Magnus Poulsson was particularly known for recreating the tradition of Norwegian folk wooden architecture.
<Josh_Kelley>	Joshua Bishop Kelley Sr. (born January 30, 1980) is an American singer-songwriter. Kelley has recorded for Hollywood Records, Threshold Records and DNK Records as a pop rock artist. His songs "Amazing" and "Only You" reached the top ten on the Billboard Adult Top 40 chart.In 2010, Kelley signed to MCA Nashville and began a country music career. His debut country single, "Georgia Clay", reached the top 20 on the Hot Country Songs charts.
<A._Edward_Sutherland>	Albert Edward Sutherland (January 5, 1895 – December 31, 1973) was a film director and actor. Born in London, he was from a theatrical family. His father, Al Sutherland, was a theatre manager and producer and his mother,  Julie Ring, was a vaudeville performer. He was a nephew of both Blanche Ring and Thomas Meighan, who was married to Frances Ring, another of his mother's sisters.Sutherland acted in 37 known films early in his career, beginning as a Keystone Cop in Tillie's Punctured Romance (1914), which starred Charles Chaplin, Mabel Normand, and Marie Dressler.Sutherland was directed by Charles Chaplin in A Woman of Paris (1923), two years before Sutherland began his directing career with the help of Chaplin.
<Dwight_D._Eisenhower>	Dwight David "Ike" Eisenhower (born David Dwight Eisenhower; /ˈaɪzənhaʊ.ər/; October 14, 1890 – March 28, 1969) was an American military officer and statesman who served as the 34th president of the United States from 1953 to 1961. During World War II, he served as Supreme Commander of the Allied Expeditionary Force in Europe and achieved the five-star rank of General of the Army. He planned and supervised the invasion of North Africa in Operation Torch in 1942–1943 as well as the invasion of Normandy (D-Day) from the Western Front in 1944–1945.Eisenhower was born into a large family of mostly Pennsylvania Dutch ancestry in Denison, Texas, and raised in Abilene, Kansas. His family had a strong religious background, and his mother became a Jehovah's Witness. Eisenhower, however, belonged to no organized church until 1952. He graduated from West Point in 1915 and later married Mamie Doud, with whom he had two sons. During World War I, he was denied a request to serve in Europe and instead commanded a unit that trained tank crews. Following the war, he served under various generals and was promoted to the rank of brigadier general in 1941. After the United States entered World War II, Eisenhower oversaw the invasions of North Africa and Sicily before supervising the invasions of France and Germany. After the war, he served as Army Chief of Staff (1945–1948), as president of Columbia University (1948–1953) and as the first Supreme Commander of NATO (1951–1952).
<Jennifer_K_Dick>	Jennifer K Dick, (born 1970) is an American poet, translator and educator/scholar born in Minnesota, raised in Iowa and currently living in Mulhouse, France. She has been classified as a post-L=A=N=G=U=A=G=E school poet and, by Amy Catanzano, as a U+F+O+L+A+N+G+U+A+G+E poet with a strong background in lyric and narrative tradition.She has taught American Literature, British Romantic Poetry, Creative Writing, American Civilization and English. Since 2009 she has been a Maître de Conférences at the Université de Haute Alsace in Mulhouse, France. Her doctoral research for her PhD was completed under the direction of Jean Bessière at the Université de Paris III: La Sorbonne Nouvelle in 2009 and her critical writings on contemporary cross-genre poets and prose authors are in the field of Comparative Literature with an accent on Visual studies, Modernism, Postmodernism and the Avant-garde, including work on Susan Howe, Myung Mi Kim, Anne-Marie Albiach, Claude Royet-Journoud, Lisa Jarnot, and Maurice Roche. Dick also holds a Master of Fine Arts in poetry from Colorado State University where she worked with Laura Mullen and a BA in English Literature from Mount Holyoke College where she spent three years in Lyric Poetry and Russian Poetry courses with Nobel Laureat Joseph Brodsky.Other works have appeared in over 50 journals such as Colorado Review, Gargoyle Magazine, American Letters & Commentary, Tears in the Fence, Denver Quarterly, Cutbank, Barrow Street and Aufgabe. Recent poems from her 2014-16 project on the CERN appear on Dusie, Molly Bloom, Spoon Bending from Cordite Poetry Review, and Undertow Magazine and have been translated into Czech and French. Dick has conducted interviews with many contemporary poets who have had an influence on her work, such as Alice Notley, Cole Swensen, Marilyn Hacker, and Mary Jo Bang (who was the previous poetry editor of Boston Review).
<Peter_Sarnak>	Peter Clive Sarnak FRS MAE (born 18 December 1953) is a South African-born mathematician with dual South-African and American nationalities. Sarnak has been a member of the permanent faculty of the School of Mathematics at the Institute for Advanced Study since 2007. He is also Eugene Higgins Professor of Mathematics at Princeton University since 2002, succeeding Andrew Wiles, and is an editor of the Annals of Mathematics. He is known for his work in analytic number theory. He also sits on the Board of Adjudicators and the selection committee for the Mathematics award, given under the auspices of the Shaw Prize.Sarnak is the grandson of one of Johannesburg's leading rabbis and lived in Israel for three years as a child. He graduated from the University of the Witwatersrand (BSc 1975, BSc(Hons) 1976) and Stanford University (PhD 1980), under the direction of Paul Cohen. Sarnak's highly cited work (with A. Lubotzky and R. Phillips) applied deep results in number theory to Ramanujan graphs, with connections to combinatorics and computer science.
<Shah_Rukh_Khan>	Shah Rukh Khan (pronounced [ˈʃɑːɦɾʊx xɑːn]; born 2 November 1965), also known by the initialism SRK, is an Indian actor, film producer, and television personality who works in Hindi films. Referred to in the media as the "Baadshah of Bollywood", "King of Bollywood" and "King Khan", he has appeared in more than 80 films, and earned numerous accolades, including 14 Filmfare Awards. He has been awarded the Padma Shri by the Government of India, as well as the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres and Legion of Honour by the Government of France. Khan has a significant following in Asia and the Indian diaspora worldwide. In terms of audience size and income, he has been described as one of the most successful film stars in the world.Khan began his career with appearances in several television series in the late 1980s. He made his Bollywood debut in 1992 with Deewana. Early in his career, Khan was recognised for portraying villainous roles in the films Baazigar (1993), Darr (1993), and Anjaam (1994). He then rose to prominence starring in a series of romantic films, including Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge (1995), Dil To Pagal Hai (1997), Kuch Kuch Hota Hai (1998), Mohabbatein (2000) and Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham... (2001). Khan earned critical acclaim for his portrayal of an alcoholic in Devdas (2002), a NASA scientist in Swades (2004), a hockey coach in Chak De! India (2007) and a man with Asperger syndrome in My Name Is Khan (2010). His highest-grossing films include the comedies Chennai Express (2013), Happy New Year (2014) and Dilwale (2015), and the crime film Raees (2017). Many of his films thematise Indian national identity and connections with diaspora communities, or gender, racial, social and religious differences and grievances.
<Floyd_Spence>	Floyd Davidson Spence (April 9, 1928 – August 16, 2001) was an American attorney and a politician from the U.S. state of South Carolina. Elected for three terms to the South Carolina House of Representatives from Lexington County as a Democrat, in 1962 Spence announced his decision to switch to the Republican Party, as he was unhappy with shifts in the national party.He lost a contested seat that year for United States Representative from South Carolina's 2nd congressional district to Democrat Albert W. Watson, who had the support of powerful senator Strom Thurmond. Watson shifted to the Republican Party in 1965 and ran unsuccessfully for governor in 1970. That year Spence won the congressional seat, and was re-elected for fourteen terms after this. He became ranking Republican on the House Armed Services Committee in 1993 and chairman in 1995. Spence died in office from cerebral thrombosis in Washington, D.C. in 2001.Born in Columbia, the capital of South Carolina, Spence spent most of his life in nearby Lexington County. Shortly after graduating from high school, he enlisted in the United States Navy Reserve, from which he retired in 1988 as a captain. He graduated in 1952 from the University of South Carolina in Columbia with a degree in English. Four years later, he completed his law degree from the University of South Carolina School of Law.
<Manana_Antadze>	Manana Antadze (Georgian: მანანა ანთაძე, born August 28, 1945) is a Georgian writer and translator, and founder of the Tumanishvili Theatre Foundation.In 1967 Manana Antadze graduated from Tbilisi State University (TSU), Western European Languages and Literature.
<Everyone's_Gone_to_the_Moon>	"Everyone's Gone to the Moon" is the debut single by British singer-songwriter and record producer Jonathan King. It was released in 1965 while King was still an undergraduate at Cambridge University.Released by Decca Records, it reached No. 4 in the UK, and No. 17 in the US Billboard Hot 100.
<University_of_Helsinki>	The University of Helsinki (Finnish: Helsingin yliopisto, Swedish: Helsingfors universitet, abbreviated UH) is a public research university located in Helsinki, Finland since 1829, but founded in the city of Turku (in Swedish Åbo) in 1640 as the Royal Academy of Åbo, at that time part of the Swedish Empire. It is the oldest and largest university in Finland with the widest range of disciplines available. In 2020, around 31,600 students were enrolled in the degree programs of the university spread across 11 faculties and 11 research institutes.As of 1 August 2005, the university complies with the harmonized structure of the Europe-wide Bologna Process and offers bachelor, master, licenciate, and doctoral degrees. Admission to degree programmes is usually determined by entrance examinations, in the case of bachelor's degrees, and by prior degree results, in the case of master and postgraduate degrees. Entrance is particularly selective (circa 15% of the yearly applicants are admitted). It has been ranked a top 100 university in the world according to the 2016 ARWU, QS and THE rankings.
<Mary_Dimmick_Harrison>	Mary Dimmick Harrison (née  Mary Scott Lord; April 30, 1858 – January 5, 1948) was the second wife of Benjamin Harrison, the 23rd president of the United States. She was nearly 25 years younger than Harrison, and was the niece of his first wife.Born in Honesdale, Pennsylvania, as Mary Scott Lord, she was the daughter of Russell Farnham Lord, chief engineer of the Delaware and Hudson Canal (later known as the Delaware and Hudson Railway), and his wife Elizabeth Mayhew Scott.On October 22, 1881, she married Walter Erskine Dimmick (July 4, 1856 – January 14, 1882), a son of the attorney-general of Pennsylvania and brother of future Scranton mayor J. Benjamin Dimmick. He died three months after their marriage, leaving her a widow at age 23.  A niece of Caroline Harrison, she in 1889 moved into the White House to serve as assistant to the First Lady. Sometime after Mrs. Harrison's death in 1892, the former president and Mrs. Dimmick fell in love and late in 1895 announced their engagement.
<Swapan_Chattopadhyay>	Swapan Chattopadhyay CorrFRSE (born December 26, 1951) is an Indian American physicist.  Chattopadhyay completed his PhD from the University of California (Berkeley) in 1982.Currently, Chattopadhyay holds the Presidential Chair of Research, Scholarship and Artistry at Northern Illinois University (NIU) where he is Professor of Physics and Director of Accelerator Research. Concurrently he holds a joint appointment with Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory (Fermilab) where he is a distinguished scientist, member of the director's senior leadership team and director of the Cooperative Research and Development Agreement between Fermilab and NIU.
<José_Gonçalves_(footballer)>	José Júlio Gomes Gonçalves (born 17 September 1985) is a retired Portuguese professional footballer who played as a left back or central defender.He started his career in Switzerland, moving to Scotland with Heart of Midlothian in 2006 and returning to the previous country after three seasons. He signed with Major League Soccer club New England Revolution in 2013, leaving three years later.
<Headbutt_(sculpture)>	Headbutt (French: Coup de tête) is a sculpture by French-Algerian artist Adel Abdessemed. It is 5 m (16.4 ft) tall and made from bronze. It was unveiled on 26 September 2012 at the Centre Pompidou in Paris, France.The sculpture depicts an incident that took place in the 110th minute of the 2006 FIFA World Cup Final between France and Italy,  when Zinedine Zidane headbutted Italian defender Marco Materazzi in the chest after Materazzi had verbally provoked him.  Zidane consequently received a red card and was sent off. France lost the match, which was Zidane's final match as a professional footballer.As France subsequently lost the match, exhibition organiser Alain Michaud has described it as "...against the tradition of making statues in honour of certain victories. It is an ode to defeat".
<Mike_Post>	Mike Post (born Leland Michael Postil, September 29, 1944) is an American composer, best known for his TV theme music for various shows, including Law & Order; Law & Order: Special Victims Unit; The A-Team; NYPD Blue; Renegade; The Rockford Files; L.A. Law; Quantum Leap; Magnum, P.I.; and Hill Street Blues.Post's first credited work in music was cutting demos using two singing sisters, Terry and Carol Fischer. With Sally Gordon, they went on to become The Murmaids. Their first single, "Popsicles and Icicles" (written by David Gates), was a number 3 hit song in January 1964.[citation needed]Post also provided early guidance for the garage rock band The Outcasts while in recruit training in San Antonio, Texas. He was the songwriter and producer for both songs on the band's first single, released in 1965, and also arranged a local concert where they served as the back-up band.
<Oksenøen>	Oksenøen, also spelled Oxenøen and Oksenøyen, and sometimes referred to as Oksenøen Bruk, is an office complex on the peninsula of Fornebu in Bærum, Norway. Traditionally the site consisted of two farms, Store Oksenøen and Lille Oksenøen, which date back to the late Iron Age. The site became a market garden from 1919. This was rebuilt to create a 14,000-square-meter (150,000 sq ft) office complex which opened in 1999. The complex was until 2013 the head office of Norske Skog.Settlements at Oksenøen have been dated to the Germanic Iron Age and Viking Age, in the period 600 to 1050 AD. A burial mound at Lille Oksenøen has been dated to the same period. Oksenøen has since the Middle Ages consisted of two farms, Store Øksenøen (colloquially Storøen) and Lille Øksenøen (colloquially Lilleøen). The latter was considerably smaller. These two, along with the farm Fornebu, came under ownership of the Catholic Church during the early Middle Ages. Following the Reformation in 1537, ownership passed to the state. Shortly afterwards Lille Øksenøen was taken over by private owners, with frequent changes of ownership. It became a croft in 1771, and became part of the Fornebu estate in 1812. Store Øksenøen remained owned by the state until 1838. The property was split in 1867.The opening of the Drammen Line in 1872 made the Fornebu area attractive for housing. Gradually areas were parceled for housing, although Oksenøen was too far from the train line to be attractive for much more than summer cottages. There was a small road which led to the farms. In the early 20th century Oksenøen was converted into a market garden. Designed by Palace Gardener Nickelsen and Architect Magnus Poulsson, the facility was completed in 1919. It consisted of eight to ten buildings and ten to twelve greenhouses. It was the largest market garden in the Nordic Countries in 1919, and by far the largest such facility in Norway to be built with a central plan.
<Howard_Martin_Temin>	Howard Martin Temin (December 10, 1934 – February 9, 1994) was an American geneticist and virologist. He discovered reverse transcriptase in the 1970s at the University of Wisconsin–Madison, for which he shared the 1975 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Renato Dulbecco and David Baltimore.Temin was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to Jewish parents, Annette (Lehman), an activist, and Henry Temin, an attorney. As a high school student at Central High School in Philadelphia, he participated in the Jackson Laboratory's Summer Student Program in Bar Harbor, Maine. The director of the program, C.C. Little, told his parents that Temin was "unquestionably the finest scientist of the fifty-seven students who have attended the program since the beginning...I can't help but feel this boy is destined to become a really great man in the field of science." Temin said that his experience at Jackson's Laboratory is what originally interested him in science.
<Clinton_Davisson>	Clinton Joseph Davisson (October 22, 1881 – February 1, 1958) was an American physicist who won the 1937 Nobel Prize in Physics for his discovery of electron diffraction in the famous Davisson–Germer experiment. Davisson shared the Nobel Prize with George Paget Thomson, who independently discovered electron diffraction at about the same time as Davisson.Davisson was born in Bloomington, Illinois. He graduated from Bloomington High School in 1902, and entered the University of Chicago on scholarship. Upon the recommendation of Robert A. Millikan, in 1905 Davisson was hired by Princeton University as Instructor of Physics. He completed the requirements for his B.S. degree from Chicago in 1908, mainly by working in the summers. While teaching at Princeton, he did doctoral thesis research with Owen Richardson. He received his Ph.D. in physics from Princeton in 1911; in the same year he married Richardson's sister, Charlotte.Davisson was then appointed as an assistant professor at the Carnegie Institute of Technology. In 1917, he took a leave from the Carnegie Institute to do war-related research with the Engineering Department of the Western Electric Company (later Bell Telephone Laboratories). At the end of the war, Davisson accepted a permanent position at Western Electric after receiving assurances of his freedom there to do basic research. He had found that his teaching responsibilities at the Carnegie Institute largely precluded him from doing research. Davisson remained at Western Electric (and Bell Telephone) until his formal retirement in 1946. He then accepted a research professor appointment at the University of Virginia that continued until his second retirement in 1954.
<Renn_Hawkey>	Renn McDonnell Hawkey (born March 29, 1974) is an American musician, songwriter, film producer, and occasional actor. He played the synthesizer for the metal band Deadsy, performing on their self-titled debut album (1996) and subsequent releases Commencement (2002) and Phantasmagore (2006).In 2011, Hawkey served as musical director and producer on his wife Vera Farmiga's directorial debut film Higher Ground, and in 2017, he executive produced the documentary film Unspoken. In 2015, he had a recurring role as Paul Koretsky in the A&E series The Returned.
<Crawley_Town_F.C.>	Crawley Town Football Club is a professional association football club based in the town of Crawley, West Sussex, England. The club was founded as Crawley Football Club in 1896, changed its name to Crawley Town Football Club in 1958. The team compete in EFL League Two, the fourth tier of the English football league system. The club has played home games at Broadfield Stadium since 1997 and are nicknamed the "Reds" or "Red Devils" due to the colour of their kit.Founded in 1896, Crawley helped to found the West Sussex League later that year before transferring to the Mid-Sussex League. The club disbanded in 1935, but were re-established in the Brighton, Hove & District League three years later. The club switched to the Sussex County League in 1951 and then moved on to the Metropolitan League five years later. The club moved from amateur to semi-professional status in 1962 and were accepted into the Southern League the following year. They secured promotion out of Division One in 1968–69, only to suffer relegation the next season.
<Lemuel_Diggs>	Lemuel Whitley Diggs (January 8, 1900 – January 8, 1995) was an American pathologist who specialized in sickle cell anemia and hematology.Diggs was born in Hampton, Virginia, but spent most of his life and did most of his work in Memphis, Tennessee. He received his undergraduate and master's degrees from Randolph-Macon College, and his medical degree in 1925 from Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. He joined the faculty of the University of Tennessee in Memphis in 1929 and later became Director of Medical Laboratories.In 1938 he helped create in Memphis the first blood bank in the South, only the fourth in the US. He helped Danny Thomas create the St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, also in Memphis, in 1962.
<The_Goldfinch_(novel)>	The Goldfinch is a novel by the American author Donna Tartt. It won the 2014 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction, among other honors. Published in 2013, it was Tartt's first novel since The Little Friend in 2002.The Goldfinch centers on 13-year-old Theodore Decker, and the dramatic changes his life undergoes after he survives a terrorist attack at the Metropolitan Museum of Art that kills his mother and results in him coming into possession of Carel Fabritius's painting The Goldfinch.The novel is a coming-of-age tale told in the first person. The protagonist, 13-year-old Theodore Decker, survives a terrorist bombing at an art museum where his mother is killed. While staggering through the debris, he takes with him a small Dutch Golden Age painting called The Goldfinch. Abandoned by his father, Theo is taken in by the family of a wealthy friend. Bewildered by his strange new home on Park Avenue, disturbed by schoolmates who don't know how to talk to him, and tormented above all by his unbearable longing for his mother, he clings to one thing that reminds him of her: the small, mysteriously captivating painting that ultimately draws Theo into the underworld of art.
<S.C._Campomaiorense>	Sporting Clube Campomaiorense more commonly known as Campomaiorense is a Portuguese football club from Campo Maior, Portalegre District. The club was founded on the 1 July 1926. The club currently plays at the Estádio Capitão Cesar Correia which holds a seating capacity of 7500. The club has played in Portugal's top football division, the Primeira Liga, for five seasons and reached the 1999 Taça de Portugal final.Campomaiorense is part of the Portalegre Football Association, which is the football association in charge of the Portalegre district's football matters. In its entire history, the club has won eight major trophies: the Portuguese Second Division in the 1991–92 season, the Liga de Honra in the 1996–97 season, the AF Portalegre First Division on four occasions (1962–63, 1969–70, 1971–72, 2011–12), the Campeonato de Portalegre in 1946 and the AF Portalegre Supertaça in the 2011–12 season.Campomaiorense was promoted for the frist time to Primeira Liga in 1995 under the guidance of former Sporting CP star striker Manuel Fernandes. The club was only the third club in the Alentejo region to reach the top division (the two others being Lusitano de Évora in the 1950s and 60s and O Elvas in the 1940s and 1980s). Their spell in the 1995–96 season resulted in a disappointing campaign, starting the championship with a 7–0 defeat away to Sporting CP and eventually leading to relegation. Further poor results eventually forced club chairman João Manuel Nabeiro to sack Fernandes. New players arrived in mid-season, among them Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink, who had just left Dutch club AZ. Diamantino Miranda was given the job with the goal of bringing the club back into the first league. Campomaiorense finished in 17th position. 
<Still_Open_All_Hours>	Still Open All Hours is a British sitcom created for the BBC by Roy Clarke, and starring David Jason and James Baxter. It is the sequel to the sitcom Open All Hours, which both Clarke and Jason worked on throughout its 26-episode run from 1976 to 1985, following a 40th Anniversary Special in December 2013 commemorating the original series. The sitcom's premise focuses on the life of a much older Granville, who now runs his late uncle's grocery shop with the assistance of his son, continuing to sell products at higher prices alongside seeking to be with his love interest.Unlike the original series, the cast for Still Open All Hours includes a more regular group of characters and additional side-plots. It has featured the return of Lynda Baron, Stephanie Cole, and Maggie Ollerenshaw as their characters from Open All Hours. Although the special received poor reviews, it attracted positive viewing figures, with the sitcom airing a total of 41 episodes across six series to date.
<Clube_Oriental_de_Lisboa>	Clube Oriental de Lisboa is a Portuguese football club based in Lisbon. Founded in 1946, it currently competes in the Campeonato de Portugal, holding home games at Campo Engenheiro Carlos Salema, with an 8,500 capacity.Clube Oriental de Lisboa was founded on 8 August 1946 by the merger of three clubs: Grupo Desportivo Os Fósforos, Marvilense Futebol Clube, and Chelas Futebol Clube.Rui de Seixas, then-president of Chelas Football Club, in an interview with The Sports in January 1936, first raised the idea of a single club that encompasses the entire eastern part of the head. But many were the critics who lashed the most prestigious leader causing him to give up the idea almost immediately. Still, days later, José Marques de Oliveira returns to the charge but your interview is simply ignored.
<Anthem_of_the_Moldavian_Soviet_Socialist_Republic>	The State Anthem of the Moldavian SSR was the regional anthem of the Moldavian Soviet Socialist Republic, a constituent republic of the Soviet Union.Originally, the anthem began with the words, "Moldova cu doine străbune pe plaiuri" and was composed by Ștefan Neaga, with lyrics by the poets Emilian Bukov and Bogdan Istru (Ivan Bodarev) in 1945.Ivan Bodiul, the First Secretary of the Communist Party of Moldova, authorized composer Eduard Lazarev to modify the anthem in a "Musical Renovation". (Second Edition of the Anthem).
<Dorothea_Lange>	Dorothea Lange (born Dorothea Margaretta Nutzhorn; May 26, 1895 – October 11, 1965) was an American documentary photographer and photojournalist, best known for her Depression-era work for the Farm Security Administration (FSA). Lange's photographs influenced the development of documentary photography and humanized the consequences of the Great Depression.Lange was born in Hoboken, New Jersey to second-generation German immigrants Johanna Lange and Heinrich Nutzhorn. She was one of two children; she had a younger brother, Martin. Two early events shaped Lange’s path as a photographer. First, at age seven she had contracted Polio, which left her with a weakened right leg and a permanent limp. "It formed me, guided me, instructed me, helped me, and humiliated me," Lange once said of her altered gait. "I've never gotten over it, and I am aware of the force and power of it." Second, five years later, her father abandoned the family, prompting a move from suburban New Jersey to a poorer neighborhood in New York City. Later she dropped her father's family name and assumed her mother's maiden name.
<Tim_Russert>	Timothy John Russert (May 7, 1950 – June 13, 2008) was an American television journalist and lawyer who appeared for more than 16 years as the longest-serving moderator of NBC's Meet the Press. He was a senior vice president at NBC News, Washington bureau chief and also hosted an eponymous CNBC/MSNBC weekend interview program. He was a frequent correspondent and guest on NBC's The Today Show and Hardball. Russert covered several presidential elections, and he presented the NBC News/Wall Street Journal survey on the NBC Nightly News during the 2008 U.S. presidential election. Time magazine included Russert in its list of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2008. Russert was posthumously revealed as a 30-year source for syndicated columnist Robert Novak.Russert was born in Buffalo, New York, the son of Elizabeth "Betty" (née Seeley; January 9, 1929 – August 14, 2005), a homemaker, and Timothy Joseph "Big Russ" Russert (November 29, 1923 – September 24, 2009), a sanitation worker. Elizabeth and Joseph were married for 30 years, before separating in 1976. Russert was the only son and the second of four children; his sisters are Betty Ann (B.A.), Kathleen (Kathy) and Patricia (Trish). His parents were Catholics, and he had German and Irish ancestry. He received a Jesuit education from Canisius High School in Buffalo.
<The_Last_Days_of_Disco>	The Last Days of Disco is a 1998 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Whit Stillman, and loosely based on his travels and experiences in various nightclubs in Manhattan, including Studio 54. Starring Chloë Sevigny and Kate Beckinsale, the film follows a group of Ivy League and Hampshire College graduates falling in and out of love in the disco scene of New York City in the early 1980s.The Last Days of Disco is the third film (following Metropolitan and Barcelona) in what Stillman calls his "Doomed-Bourgeois-in-Love series". The three films are independent of each other except for cameo appearances of some common characters. According to Stillman, the idea for Disco was originally conceived after the shooting of Barcelona's disco scenes. In 2000, Stillman published a novelization of the film.
<Angélica_Rivera>	Angélica Rivera Hurtado (pronounced [aŋˈxelika riˈβeɾa]; born 2 August 1969) is a Mexican singer, model and telenovela actress who, as the wife of Former President Enrique Peña Nieto, was the First Lady of Mexico from 2012 to 2018.Rivera's work as an actress has included Alcanzar una estrella II (1991), La Dueña (1995), Ángela (1998), Sin Pecado Concebido (2001), Mariana de la Noche (2003) and Tequila De Maguey (2007), as well as the soap opera Destilando Amor (2007), responsible for her current nickname "La Gaviota" (English: The Seagull). As a singer she was a member of the short-lived fictional teen group Muñecos de Papel.
<Montgomery_Blair>	Montgomery Blair (May 10, 1813 – July 27, 1883) was an American politician and lawyer from Maryland. He served in the Lincoln administration cabinet as Postmaster-General from 1861 to 1864, during the Civil War. He was the son of Francis Preston Blair, elder brother of Francis Preston Blair Jr. and cousin of B. Gratz Brown.Blair was born in Franklin County, Kentucky, site of the state capital of Frankfort. His father, Francis Preston Blair, Sr., was editor of the Washington Globe and a prominent figure in the Democratic Party during the Jacksonian era. As a boy, Montgomery "often listened to the talk of his father and Andrew Jackson."
<Frans_Mohede>	Francois Henry Willem Mohede (born 6 February 1976), known as Frans Mohede, is an Indonesian singer, actor and Muay-thai instructor. He is the husband of the Indonesian artist Amara and He was a member of Lingua.Mohede was born on 6 February 1976 in Jakarta, His family is a combination of Dutch Moluccan and Sangirese descent. He is the cousin of the indonesian R&B artist Mike Mohede.
<Kate_O'Mara>	Kate O'Mara (born Francesca Meredith Carroll;  10 August 1939 – 30 March 2014) was an English film, stage and television actress, and writer. O'Mara made her stage debut in a 1963 production of The Merchant of Venice. Her other stage roles included Elvira in Blithe Spirit (1974), Lady Macbeth in Macbeth (1982), Cleopatra in Antony & Cleopatra (1982), Goneril in King Lear (1987) and Marlene Dietrich in Lunch with Marlene (2008).In the cinema, O'Mara acted in two 1970 Hammer Horror films: The Vampire Lovers and The Horror of Frankenstein. On BBC television, she had regular roles in The Brothers (1975–1976), Triangle (1981–1982) and Howards' Way (1989–1990), and portrayed Doctor Who villain the Rani three times (1985–1993). She also appeared as Jackie Stone in two episodes of the sitcom Absolutely Fabulous (1995–2003). On American television, she played Caress Morell, the scheming sister of Alexis Colby in the primetime soap opera Dynasty (1986).
<Social_Democratic_Party_in_the_GDR>	The Social Democratic Party in the GDR (German: Sozialdemokratische Partei in der DDR) was a reconstituted Social Democratic Party existing during the final phase of East Germany. Slightly less than a year after its creation it merged with its West German counterpart to form the Social Democratic Party of Germany.What became East Germany was traditionally the heartland for the SPD in united Germany.  In 1946, the Soviet occupation authorities forced the eastern branch of the SPD to merge with the eastern branch of the Communist Party of Germany to form the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED).  Within a short time, however, the few independent-minded members from the SPD side of the merger had been pushed out, and the SED became a full-fledged Communist party–essentially the KPD under a new name.A Eastern Bureau of the SPD continued to exist and was allowed to participate in the 1950 Volkskammer election, winning 6 seats. However, it was prevented from participating in the elections from 1954 and onwards under accusations of "espionage" and "diversion" by DDR and SED authorities; it suffered increasing harassment and was eventually closed in 1981.
<Another_Earth>	Another Earth is a 2011 American science fiction drama film directed by Mike Cahill and starring Brit Marling, William Mapother, and Robin Lord Taylor. It premiered at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival in January, and was given a limited theatrical release on July 22, 2011, by Fox Searchlight Pictures. The film earned two nominations at the 38th Saturn Awards for Marling's performance and for Cahill and Marling's writing. The critical consensus on Rotten Tomatoes calls it slow paced but soulful.Rhoda Williams (Brit Marling), a brilliant 17-year-old girl who has spent her young life fascinated by astronomy, is delighted to learn that she has been accepted into MIT. She celebrates, drinking with friends, and in a reckless moment, drives home intoxicated. Listening to a story on the radio about a recently discovered Earth-like planet, she gazes out her car window at the stars and inadvertently hits a stopped car at an intersection, putting John Burroughs (William Mapother) in a coma and killing his pregnant wife and young son. After serving her four-year prison sentence, Rhoda becomes a janitor at her former high school and struggles with guilt and regret.Hearing more news stories about the mirror Earth, Rhoda enters an essay contest sponsored by a millionaire entrepreneur who is offering a civilian space flight to the mirror Earth.
<Andrew_To>	Andrew To Kwan-hang (Chinese: 陶君行; born 7 February 1966) is a Hong Kong politician and activist. He is the former chairman of the League of Social Democrats and former member of the Wong Tai Sin District Council.Of Hakka ancestry, To was born in Hong Kong in 1966 and was raised in Choi Hung Estate. He was educated at the La Salle Primary School and the La Salle College. He was the president of the student union when he attended the Lingnan College and was the secretary-general of the Hong Kong Federation of Students from 1989 to 1990. During the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 and he once went to Beijing to join the hunger strike.
<Mullah_Krekar>	Iraq WarNajmuddin Vahid Faraj Ahmad (Kurdish: نەجمەدین وەحید فەرەج ئەحمەد, July 7, 1956), better known as Mullah Krekar (Kurdish: مه‌لا کرێکار), is an Iraqi Kurdish Sunni Islamic scholar and militiant who was the founder and former leader of Islamist militiant group Ansar al-Islam. He is currently is serving a prison sentence in Italy, after having been extradited from Norway in 2020. He came to Norway as a refugee from Iraqi Kurdistan in 1991. His wife, Rukhosh Ahmad, and his four children have Norwegian citizenship, but not Krekar himself. He speaks Kurdish, Arabic, Persian, Norwegian and English.Krekar was the original leader of the Islamist armed group Ansar al-Islam, which was set up and commenced operations in Northern Iraq while he had refugee status in Norway. Krekar claims, however, not to have had foreknowledge of the various terrorist attacks performed by the group he was leading. Since February 2003 he has an expulsion order against him, which is suspended pending Iraqi government guarantees that he will not face torture or execution. Norway is committed to international treaties which prohibit the expulsion of an individual without such a guarantee.
<William_Knox_(Victorian_politician)>	William Knox (25 April 1850 – 25 August 1913)  was an Australian businessman and politician.Knox was born in Melbourne and his family later moved to Horsham and Ballarat. He was educated at Scotch College, Melbourne and joined the State Bank of Victoria in 1866 and worked in various country branches. In January 1884 he  married Catherine Mary McMurtrie. In 1885, he became secretary of BHP and in 1888, his yearly salary was increased from £75 to £1,500. He effectively ran the complex organisation of a company that became Australia's biggest company and the world's biggest silver miner. He resigned as secretary in 1893 to become managing director of the Mount Lyell Mining & Railway Company, but was immediately appointed to BHP's board, a position he retained until 1910.
<Moses_Ashikodi>	Moses Ashikodi (born 27 June 1987) is retired footballer.Having started his career at Millwall, he has also played professionally for West Ham United, Gillingham, Rangers, Watford, Bradford City, Swindon Town, Hereford United and Shrewsbury Town.
<Chellamay>	Chellamey (Tamil: செல்லமே) is a 2009 Indian Tamil language soap opera starring Radikaa Sarathkumar, Radha Ravi, Saakshi Siva, Delhi Ganesh, Vijayalakshmi, Devipriya, Abhishek Shankar and Vijay Adhiraj. It replaced Arasi and aired Monday to Friday on Sun TV from 14 September 2009 to 18 January 2013 at 9:30PM (IST) for 845 episodes.The series revolves around the title character Chellamma, played by Raadhika, who is also the creative head of the series which is produced by her own production company, Radaan Mediaworks. This serial was dubbed in Telugu and was broadcast in Gemini TV as "Chittemma".
<Ludwig_Bemelmans>	Ludwig Bemelmans (April 27, 1898 – October 1, 1962) was an Austrian-American writer and illustrator of children's books and adult novels. He is known best for the Madeline picture books. Six were published, the first in 1939.Bemelmans was born to the Belgian painter Lambert Bemelmans and the German Frances Fischer in Meran, Austria-Hungary (now Italy). His father owned a hotel. He grew up in Gmunden on the Traunsee in Upper Austria. His first language was French and his second German.
<Hugh_Huxley>	Hugh Esmor Huxley MBE FRS (25 February 1924 – 25 July 2013) was a British molecular biologist who made important discoveries in the physiology of muscle. He was a graduate in physics from Christ's College, Cambridge. However, his education was interrupted for five years by the Second World War, during which he served in the Royal Air Force. His contribution to development of radar earned him an MBE.Huxley was the first PhD student of Laboratory of Molecular Biology of the Medical Research Council at Cambridge, where he worked on X-ray diffraction studies on muscle fibres. In the 1950s he was one of the first to use electron microscopy to study biological specimens. During his postdoctoral at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, he, with fellow researcher Jean Hanson, discovered the underlying principle of muscle movement, popularised as the sliding filament theory in 1954. After 15 years of research, he proposed the "swinging cross-bridge hypothesis" in 1969, which became modern understanding of the molecular basis of muscle contraction, and much of other cellular motility.
<Ernest_William_Brown>	Ernest William Brown FRS (29 November 1866 – 22 July 1938) was an English mathematician and astronomer, who spent the majority of his career working in the United States and became a naturalised American citizen in 1923.His life's work was the study of the Moon's motion (lunar theory) and the compilation of extremely accurate lunar tables.  He also studied the motion of the planets and calculated the orbits of Trojan asteroids.
<William_Halsey_Wood>	St. John's College, ChinaWilliam Halsey Wood  (April 24, 1855 – March 13, 1897) was an American architect.Wood was the youngest of four sons born to Daniel Halsey Wood and Hannah Lippincott Wood. Shortly after his birth in 1855, the family relocated from Dansville, New York to Newark, New Jersey, where Daniel Wood's company manufactured varnish. Family spiritual life centered around the House of Prayer, an Anglo-Catholic congregation where the children were introduced to ritualist liturgy and William became a member of the choir, eventually serving as its director.
<Fellow_of_the_Academy_of_Medical_Sciences>	Fellowship of the Academy of Medical Sciences (FMedSci)  is an award for medical scientists who are judged by the UK Academy of Medical Sciences for the "excellence of their science, their contribution to medicine and society and the range of their achievements".Fellows are entitled to use the post-nominal letters FMedSci; see Category:Fellows of the Academy of Medical Sciences (United Kingdom) for examples of fellows.This award-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<World_Class_Championship_Wrestling>	World Class Championship Wrestling (WCCW), later known as the World Class Wrestling Association (WCWA) (1986–1991) was an American professional wrestling promotion headquartered in Dallas and Fort Worth, Texas. Originally owned by promoter Ed McLemore, by 1966 it was run by Southwest Sports, Inc., whose president, Jack Adkisson, was better known as wrestler Fritz Von Erich. Beginning as a territory of the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA), it went independent in 1986 in a bid to become a major national promotion, but was unsuccessful in its attempts and eventually went out of business in 1990. Rights to the pre-1989 WCCW tape library belong to WWE (the post-1988 rights are owned by International World Class Championship Wrestling) and select episodes from 1982 to 1988 are available on the WWE Network.World Class Championship Wrestling experienced tremendous success from 1981-1985, shattering attendance records and achieving global exposure through their syndicated television program. Bookers Ken Mantell, David Von Erich, Gary Hart, Bruiser Brody and Kevin Von Erich provided fans with hard hitting action centered on the popular Von Erich brothers and a cast of devious villains. Storylines during this time followed a consistent theme of friendship and betrayal, with many of the top villains being first presented as friends to the Von Erich Family, only to betray them months or even years later. Talent deals and exchanges helped WCCW bring in future stars such as Chris Adams, The Fabulous Freebirds, Jake Roberts, Mick Foley, a young Shawn Michaels, Gino Hernandez and Iceman King Parsons, and others.
<Eden_Games>	Eden Games (formerly known as Eden Studios) is a French video game developer based in Lyon, France, that mainly focuses on the development of racing video games.The company was formed as a development group within Infogrames' European subsidiary Infogrames Multimedia, which had developed the first V-Rally for the PlayStation. The studio would later rebrand into its own separate studio, known as Eden Studios, with Infogrames holding a 19.2% minority share.In April 2002, Infogrames fully acquired Eden Studios. During this period, the company would continue develop racing games such as Test Drive Unlimited and its sequel, Test Drive Unlimited 2, while also venturing into other game genres with games like Kya: Dark Lineage.
<Franz_Dahlem>	Franz Dahlem (14 January 1892 – 17 December 1981) was a German politician. Dahlem was a leading official of the Communist Party of Germany (KPD) and, after 1945, of East Germany's ruling Socialist Unity Party (SED).By the early 1950s he had become well known and popular with many comrades in the higher reaches of the SED (party) and was seen by some as a possible rival to the country's leader, Walter Ulbricht: he was stripped of his functions in 1953. He was formally rehabilitated in 1956, however.He sat as a Communist member of the German Reichstag between 1928 and 1933. and, except for a few years following his fall from grace, as an SED member of the East German Volkskammer (People's Chamber) between 1947 and 1976. Of more significance in terms of the East German power structures, he was also a member of the ruling party's Central Committee from 1946 till 1953, and again from 1957 till his retirement in 1974.
<Ira_Condict>	Ira Condict (February 21, 1764 – June 1, 1811) was an American Presbyterian and Dutch Reformed minister who served as the third president of Queen's College (now Rutgers University) in New Brunswick, New Jersey.A 1784 graduate of the College of New Jersey (now Princeton University), Condict was ordained as a minister in the Presbyterian faith. In 1794, Condict was appointed as Professor of Moral Philosophy at Queen's College in New Brunswick, and subsequently asked to serve as its third president following the resignation of William Linn. Because the college had closed in 1795, Condict served in a pro tempore capacity from 1795 to 1810, dedicating his efforts to providing theological instruction and administering the Queen's College Grammar School (now Rutgers Preparatory School) which remained open during this time.  After a difficult fundraising effort led by Condict, Queen's College was reopened in 1807 and he presided over the laying of the cornerstone for the college's Old Queens building on April 27, 1809.
<Phillip_Allen_Sharp>	Phillip Allen Sharp (born June 6, 1944) is an American geneticist and molecular biologist who co-discovered RNA splicing. He shared the 1993 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Richard J. Roberts for "the discovery that genes in eukaryotes are not contiguous strings but contain introns, and that the splicing of messenger RNA to delete those introns can occur in different ways, yielding different proteins from the same DNA sequence". He has been selected to receive the 2015 Othmer Gold Medal.Sharp's current research focuses on small RNAs and other types of non-coding RNAs. His laboratory works to identify the target mRNAs of microRNAs (miRNAs), and has discovered a class of miRNAs that are produced from sequences adjacent to transcription start sites. His laboratory also studies how miRNA gene regulation functions in angiogenesis and cellular stress.Sharp was born in Falmouth, Kentucky, the son of Kathrin (Colvin) and Joseph Walter Sharp. He married Ann Holcombe in 1964, and they have three daughters.
<Anna_Karen_Morrow>	Anna Karen Morrow (September 20, 1914 – July 1, 2009) was an American model turned film and television actress.Morrow appeared in such films as The Price of Fear, The Wrong Man and It Happened in Athens, and in such television series as Star Trek episode "All Our Yesterdays", Gunsmoke, Jefferson Drum, Wagon Train, The Farmer's Daughter, Hazel, and The Perry Como Show and in the Broadway play Red Gloves. On the ABC prime-time soap opera Peyton Place, she appeared in nineteen episodes from 1965 to 1966 as Mrs. Chernak, the Harrington family housekeeper.
<Tiko_Campbell>	Tiko Frederick Campbell (August 7, 1947 – February 16, 2012)[citation needed] was an American author and architect from the Washington, D.C. area. Campbell was the ex-husband of the late author Bebe Moore Campbell, and father of actress Maia Campbell. He was also the author of an adventure/sci-fi novel named The Light in the Stones: ...from the tales of Fibinacci...
<Laurie_Halse_Anderson>	Laurie Halse Anderson is an American writer, known for children's and young adult novels. She received the Margaret A. Edwards Award from the American Library Association in 2010 for her contribution to young adult literature.She was first recognized for her novel Speak, published in 1999.
<Robert_Weinberg>	Robert Weinberg may refer to:
<Sir_James_Wylie,_1st_Baronet>	Order of Saint Vladimir 2nd Class (1812)Order of St. Anna 1st Class (1814, since 1821 with diamonds)Order of Saint Alexander Nevsky 3rd Class (1828, since 1838 with diamonds)Order of Saint Vladimir 1st Class (1840)AustriaOrder of Leopold 2nd ClassBavariaMerit Order of the Bavarian Crown, CommanderFranceLegion of Honour, Chevalier (1807 or 1809)PrussiaOrder of the Red Eagle, 2nd class (1835)WürttembergSir James Wylie, 1st Baronet (Russian: Я́ков Васи́льевич Ви́ллие Yakov Vasilyevich Villiye) (13  November 1768 — 2 March 1854), was a Scottish physician who served as a battlefield surgeon and as a court physician in the Russian Empire from 1790 until his death in 1854, and as President of the Russian  Imperial Medical and Surgical Academy from 1808 to 1838. He is considered one of the organizers of military medicine in Russia[citation needed] by some by whom the role of the indigenous Russian Nikolay Ivanovich Pirogov as the "father of combat medicine"may appear to be less valued.
<FC_Belshina_Bobruisk>	FC Belshina Bobruisk (Belarusian: ФК "Белшына Бабруйск", FK Belshyna Babruisk) is a Belarusian football club based in Bobruisk. The team has won one Belarusian Premier League title, as well as 3 Belarusian Cup titles.The city of Bobruisk was represented by its football team as early as 1920s, when in 1926 a collective football team of Bobruisk city won the Belarusian football championship. Winning the 1926, Bobruisk football team became the first from a provincial city that won the republican competitions. Until 1958, it was the only achievement of the Bobruisk football. In 1958, Spartak Bobruisk became a champion of Belarus donating the second title to the Bobruisk city football.In 1972 and 1973, Stroitel Bobruisk also won a title of the champion of Belarus.
<Paula_Murad_Coburn>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Bill_Daniels>	Robert William Daniels Jr. (July 1, 1920 – March 7, 2000) was an American cable television executive and owner of professional sports teams. He was a pioneer in building the cable television industry and was known as the "father of cable television." Having an interest in sports, he co-founded the Prime Ticket sports network and was a co-owner of the Los Angeles Lakers and was a founder of the United States Football League as the owner of the Los Angeles Express.  He also owned the Utah Stars of the American Basketball AssociationDaniels was born in Greeley, Colorado and shortly thereafter moved to Hobbs, New Mexico. There he was enrolled at the New Mexico Military Institute (NMMI), a distinguished educational institution located in Roswell, New Mexico. In 1941 he won the New Mexico State Golden Gloves Championships (later in 1969, he financed an amateur boxing team called the Denver Rocks, and supported the International Boxing League.) In 1941, he joined the Navy and became an accomplished fighter pilot both in World War II and the Korean War, retiring with the rank of full commander. Not long after the war, on his way home he happened upon a bar in Denver that was showing a boxing match from out-of-state, and he became interested in the technology that brought television over long distances.Daniels took a chance on this long-distance television market by setting up a microwave feed that delivered Denver programming to Casper, Wyoming in 1952.  It was the first broadcast signal sent by microwave feed. His television feed had only one channel and polled his viewers every 90 days on what they preferred to watch.
<Telcordia_Technologies>	Coordinates: 40°35′14″N 74°37′31″W﻿ / ﻿40.587138°N 74.625257°W﻿ / 40.587138; -74.625257iconectiv is a supplier of network planning and network management services to telecommunications providers. Known as Bellcore after its establishment in the United States in 1983 as part of the break-up of the Bell System, the company's name changed to Telcordia Technologies after a change of ownership in 1996. The business was acquired by Ericsson in 2012, then restructured and rebranded as iconectiv in 2013.A major architect of the United States telecommunications system, the company pioneered many services, including caller ID, call waiting, mobile number portability and toll-free telephone number (800) service. It also pioneered the prepaid charging system and the Intelligent Network.
<Dan_McKenzie_(geophysicist)>	Dan Peter McKenzie CH FRS (born 21 February 1942) is a Professor of Geophysics at the University of Cambridge, and one-time head of the Bullard Laboratories of the Cambridge Department of Earth Sciences. He wrote the first paper defining the mathematical principles of plate tectonics on a sphere, and his early work on mantle convection created the modern discussion of planetary interiors.Born in Cheltenham, the son of an ear, nose, and throat surgeon, he first attended Westminster Under School and later Westminster School, London.
<Lena_Horne>	Lena Mary Calhoun Horne (June 30, 1917 – May 9, 2010) was an American dancer, actress, singer, and civil rights activist. Horne's career spanned more than seventy years, appearing in film, television, and theatre. Horne joined the chorus of the Cotton Club at the age of sixteen and became a nightclub performer before moving to Hollywood.Horne advocated for human rights and took part in the March on Washington in August 1963. Later she returned to her roots as a nightclub performer and continued to work on television while releasing well-received record albums. She announced her retirement in March 1980, but the next year starred in a one-woman show, Lena Horne: The Lady and Her Music, which ran for more than 300 performances on Broadway. She then toured the country in the show, earning numerous awards and accolades. Horne continued recording and performing sporadically into the 1990s, retreating from the public eye in 2000.
<Tourtellotte_&_Hummel>	Tourtellotte & Hummel was an American architectural firm from Boise, Idaho and Portland, Oregon.The firm was established in Boise in 1896 as the private practice of architect John E. Tourtellotte.  In 1901, he made Charles F. Hummel a partner in John E. Tourtellotte & Company, and this was announced in February 1902.  However it was not until 1910 when Hummel was put on equal footing with Tourtellotte, when the firm became Tourtellotte & Hummel.  They both moved to Portland in 1913, although the Boise office was maintained.  In 1922 Tourtellotte and Hummel split, and one of Hummel's sons, Frank K. Hummel became partner.Tourtellotte left the partnership in 1930, remaining in Portland.  Hummel continued the office as Tourtellotte & Hummel in Portland until about 1934, and in Boise until 1942. The firm closed in 1942 for the duration of World War II, and resumed in 1946 as Hummel, Hummel & Jones. Throughout its legacy, the firm changed its name with new leadership. In 1996, the firm stopped the practice of renaming with leadership changes and since then has been named Hummel Architects, PLLC.
<Jamie_Foreman>	Jamie Foreman (born 25 May 1958) is an English actor best known for his roles as Duke in Layer Cake (2004) and Bill Sikes in Roman Polanski's Oliver Twist (2005). Foreman played opposite Ray Winstone and Kathy Burke in Gary Oldman's Nil by Mouth (1997) and also featured in Elizabeth (1998), Gangster No. 1 (2000) and Sleepy Hollow (1999). He appeared in the 2006 Doctor Who episode "The Idiot's Lantern" and featured as a racist taxi driver in The Football Factory (2004). In the 2008 film Inkheart Foreman played Basta. He also appeared in one episode of Law and Order: UK in 2009.
<A.S._Roma>	Associazione Sportiva Romacode: ita promoted to code: it  (Rome Sport Association), commonly referred to as Roma (Italian pronunciation: [ˈroːma]), is a professional football club based in Rome, Italy. Founded by a merger in 1927, Roma has participated in the top tier of Italian football for all of its existence, except for the 1951–52 season. Roma has won Serie A three times, in 1941–42, 1982–83 and 2000–01, as well as nine Coppa Italiacode: ita promoted to code: it  titles and two Supercoppa Italianacode: ita promoted to code: it  titles. In European competitions, Roma won the UEFA Europa Conference League in 2021–22, the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup in 1960–61 and was runner-up in the 1983–84 European Cup and the 1990–91 UEFA Cup.Sixteen players have won the FIFA World Cup while playing at Roma: Attilio Ferraris and Enrique Guaita (1934); Guido Masetti and Eraldo Monzeglio (1934 and 1938); Aldo Donati and Pietro Serantoni (1938); Bruno Conti (1982); Rudi Völler and Thomas Berthold (1990); Aldair (1994); Vincent Candela (1998); Cafu (2002); Daniele De Rossi, Simone Perrotta and Francesco Totti (2006); Paulo Dybala (2022).
<Norman_Foster_Ramsey_Jr.>	Norman Foster Ramsey Jr. (August 27, 1915 – November 4, 2011) was an American physicist who was awarded the 1989 Nobel Prize in Physics, for the invention of the separated oscillatory field method, which had important applications in the construction of atomic clocks. A physics professor at Harvard University for most of his career, Ramsey also held several posts with such government and international agencies as NATO and the United States Atomic Energy Commission.  Among his other accomplishments are helping to found the United States Department of Energy's Brookhaven National Laboratory and Fermilab.Norman Foster Ramsey Jr. was born in Washington, D.C., on August 27, 1915, to Minna Bauer Ramsey, an instructor at the University of Kansas, and Norman Foster Ramsey, a 1905 graduate of the United States Military Academy at West Point and an officer in the Ordnance Department who rose to the rank of brigadier general during World War II, commanding the Rock Island Arsenal. He was raised as an Army brat, frequently moving from post to post, and lived in France for a time when his father was Liaison Officer with the Direction d'Artillerie and Assistant Military Attaché. This allowed him to skip a couple of grades along the way, so that he graduated from Leavenworth High School in Leavenworth, Kansas, at the age of 15.
<J._Smith-Cameron>	Jean Isabel Smith (born September 7, 1957), credited professionally as J. Smith-Cameron, is an American actress. She spent a majority of her career in theatre but began transitioning to film and television later in life. She is known for her supporting roles as Janet Talbot on the television series Rectify and Gerri Kellman on Succession. For the latter, she received a nomination for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 2022.Jean Isabel Smith was born in Louisville, Kentucky, the daughter of architect Richard Sharp Smith and granddaughter of architect Richard Sharp Smith. She was raised in Greenville, South Carolina. She attended Florida State University for one year and was enrolled in its School of Theatre, where she met film director Victor Nuñez, who cast her as a lead in his film Gal Young 'Un (1979). She additionally received acting training at HB Studio in New York City.
<Sun_Storm>	Sun Storm (Solstorm), published in the UK as The Savage Altar, is the first novel by Swedish crime-writer Åsa Larsson. The novel is the first in the Rebecka Martinsson series. It won Sweden's Best First Crime Novel award, and, on publication in the UK, was shortlisted for the Duncan Lawrie International Dagger, awarded by the CWA for crime novels in translation. The novel is translated into English by Marlaine Delargy.
<Don_James_(American_football)>	Donald Earl James (December 31, 1932 – October 20, 2013) was an American football player and coach. He served as the head coach at Kent State University from 1971 to 1974 and at the University of Washington from 1975 to 1992, compiling a career college football record of 178–76–3 (.698).His 1991 Washington team won a share of the national championship after completing a 12–0 season with a decisive win over Michigan in the Rose Bowl. James was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a coach in 1997.James was born in 1932 at his family's home on the outskirts of Massillon, Ohio. He was the fourth of five sons. Four of the five played football, and the eldest, Tommy, starred at Ohio State on the 1942 national championship team, and played professional football for a decade (1947–1956).
<Lennart_Carleson>	Lennart Axel Edvard Carleson (born 18 March 1928) is a Swedish mathematician, known as a leader in the field of harmonic analysis. One of his most noted accomplishments is his proof of Lusin's conjecture. He was awarded the Abel Prize in 2006 for "his profound and seminal contributions to harmonic analysis and the theory of smooth dynamical systems."He was a student of Arne Beurling and received his Ph.D. from Uppsala University in 1950. He did his post-doctoral work at Harvard University where he met and discussed  Fourier series and their convergence with Antoni Zygmund and Raphaël Salem who were there in 1950 and 1951. He is a professor emeritus at Uppsala University, the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm, and the University of California, Los Angeles, and has served as director of the Mittag-Leffler Institute in Djursholm outside Stockholm 1968–1984. Between 1978 and 1982 he served as president of the International Mathematical Union.Carleson married Butte Jonsson in 1953, and they had two children: Caspar (born 1955) and Beatrice (born 1958).
<The_Baby-Sitters_Club>	The Baby-Sitters Club (also known as BSC) is a series of novels written by Ann M. Martin and published by Scholastic between 1986 and 2000, that sold 176 million copies. Martin wrote the first 35 novels in the series, but the subsequent novels were written by ghostwriters, such as Peter Lerangis. The Baby-Sitters Club is about a group of friends who live in the fictional, suburban town of Stoneybrook, Connecticut. These friends run a local babysitting service called "The Baby-Sitters Club". The original four members were Kristy Thomas (founder and president), Mary Anne Spier (secretary), Claudia Kishi (vice-president), and Stacey McGill (treasurer), but the number of members varies throughout the series. The novels are told in first-person narrative and deal with issues such as illness, moving, and divorce.As the series progressed, Dawn Schafer (Alternate Officer), Mallory Pike and Jessi Ramsey (Junior Officers), Logan Bruno (Associate Member), Shannon Kilbourne (second Alternate Officer), and Abby Stevenson (replacement Alternate Officer for Dawn) joined the club.The idea for The Baby-Sitters Club series originated with Jean Feiwel, an editor at Scholastic who saw the popularity of a novel called Katie's Babysitting Job and realized there was a market for novels about babysitting. She contacted Ann M. Martin, who took the general idea of a babysitter's club, and created the characters, plots, and settings for the series. It was initially planned as a four-book series, but after the first four novels were moderately successful, Scholastic ordered two more, followed by twelve more as the series grew in popularity. By the time the sixth novel was published, the first printing was up to 100,000 copies. When publishing ceased in 2000, there had been 213 novels published in the series. Of these, Martin estimates she wrote from 60 to 80.
<Mass_for_the_Healing_of_the_World>	Mass for the Healing of the World is a live album by American jazz double bassist William Parker & the Little Huey Creative Music Orchestra which was recorded live in 1998 but not released on the Italian Black Saint label until 2003.In his review for All About Jazz, Rex Butters states "One wonders how many recorded Little Huey performances languish in the can. This one documents a night six years ago that is both timeless and a time capsule. Like all Little Huey projects, all manner of musics emanate from the assembled musicians, all the musics tinted blue".
<Roger_Vadim>	Roger Vadim Plemiannikov (French: [ʁɔʒe vadim]; 26 January 1928 – 11 February 2000) was a French screenwriter, film director and producer, as well as an author, artist and occasional actor. His best-known works are visually lavish films with erotic qualities, such as And God Created Woman (1956), Blood and Roses (1960), Barbarella (1968), and Pretty Maids All in a Row (1971).Vadim was born Roger Vadim Plemiannikov (sometimes transliterated Plemiannikoff) in Paris. His father, Igor Nikolaevich Plemiannikov (И́горь Никола́евич Племя́нников), a White Russian military officer and pianist, had emigrated from the Russian Empire and became a naturalized French citizen. He was a vice consul of France to Egypt, stationed in Alexandria, later posting to Mersin, Turkey as a consul. Vadim's mother, Marie-Antoinette (née Ardilouze), was a French actress. Although Vadim lived as a diplomat's child in Northern Africa and the Middle East in his early youth, the death of his father when Vadim was nine years old caused the family to return to France, where his mother found work running a hostel in the French Alps, which was functioning as a way-station for Jews and other fugitives fleeing Nazism.
<Hawthorn,_Victoria>	Hawthorn is an inner suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) east of Melbourne's central business district, located within the City of Boroondara local government area. Hawthorn recorded a population of 22,322 at the 2021 census.Glenferrie Road, Hawthorn, is designated as one of 82 Major Activity Centres in the Melbourne 2030 Metropolitan Strategy.
<BTV_Comedy>	bTV Comedy is a Bulgarian family-based television channel, airing mostly comedy series. It is part of bTV Media Group, owned by Central European Media Enterprises, a subsidiary of AT&T/WarnerMedia. Originally launched in 1997 as Television Triada - a news channel airing CNN English language news, it replaced TV5 Monde terrestrial in Sofia. It was owned by Krassimir Guergov and Triada Communications. On September 30, 2005, it was re-branded as GTV (sometimes promoted as "The Good Television" and Guergov TV) and began airing comedy series and films. The current name of the channel, bTV, was put in place on October 1, 2009, when bTV took over the channel.This Bulgaria-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.This European television–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Craig_Stevens_(actor)>	Craig Stevens (born Gail Shikles Jr.; July 8, 1918 – May 10, 2000) was an American film and television actor, best known for his starring role on television as private detective Peter Gunn from 1958 to 1961.Stevens was born in Liberty, Missouri, to Marie and Gail Shikles. His father was a high school teacher in Liberty and later an elementary school principal in Kansas City, Missouri. He studied dentistry at the University of Missouri-Kansas City, from which he received a bachelor's degree in 1936.
<William_Hiorne>	William Hiorne (c. 1712 – 22 April 1776) was an architect and builder based in Warwick.With his younger brother David Hiorne (1715–58), he worked for William Smith of Warwick and they succeeded Smith in business.His son, Francis Hiorne also became an architect.
<RWD_Magazine>	RWD Magazine (also known as RWD or RWDmag) is a British-based magazine which features music, style, sport, gaming, film, technology, news, interviews and charts on hip hop, grime, dubstep, R&B, UK garage, drum and bass and U.S. house music. Running from 2001–2014 It was released monthly, distributing 98,300 copies each time and was ABC certified. It was considered the largest magazine on youth music and lifestyle in the United Kingdom.[citation needed]As well as the magazine, RWDmag has a website which features music videos, tracks and artist profiles. RWDmag.com was the first major website to champion grime music. 
<José_María_Aznar>	José María Alfredo Aznar López (Spanish pronunciation: [xoˈse maˈɾi.a alˈfɾeðo aθˈnaɾ ˈlopeθ] (listen); born 25 February 1953) is a Spanish politician who was the prime minister of Spain from 1996 to 2004. He led the People's Party (PP), the dominant centre-right political party in the country at the time.A member of the Frente de Estudiantes Sindicalistas, a student organization in which a 16-years-old Aznar espoused an independent brand of Falangism, he obtained a law degree from the Complutense University of Madrid and his first job was in the public sector, specifically, as an Inspector of the Finances of the State (Spanish: Inspector de las Finanzas del Estado). He joined the Popular Alliance, which was re-founded as the People's Party in 1989. He led the Junta of Castile and León from 1987 to 1989 and was Leader of the Opposition at the national level from 1989 to 1996. In 1995, he survived an assassination attempt from the Basque separatist group ETA.
<Big_Horn_Academy_Building>	The Big Horn Academy Building was built in 1916.  It is located in Cowley, Wyoming, United States.  It served as a high school and junior college for the students who lived in the Bighorn Basin.The academy was started in 1907 by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.  The school was initially planned to be an academy offering not only high school programs, but also more advanced academics.  The initial plan was to rotate the academy between the towns of Cowley, Lovell, and Byron.  However, the school never moved beyond Cowley, so the church decided to build a permanent building.  The main building, of rusticated sandstone, was completed in 1916.  It operated as a church school until 1924, when it became part of the public school system. A gymnasium, built of lodgepole pine, was added in 1936, being built by the Works Progress Administration.The school building was used until 1985.  At that time the students from Cowley High School began attending Rocky Mountain High School in Byron. Between 1985 and 2011 it was used as a preschool, and housed a number of small businesses.  In 2011 it was remodeled and now holds the administrative offices for Big Horn County School District #1.
<A_Bit_of_a_Do>	A Bit of a Do is a British comedy-drama series based on the books by David Nobbs. The show starred David Jason and Gwen Taylor. It was produced by Yorkshire Television for two series and aired on the ITV network from 13 January to 1 December 1989.The show was set in a fictional Yorkshire town. Each episode took place at a different social function and followed the changing lives of two families, the working-class Simcocks (David Jason, Gwen Taylor, David Thewlis and Wayne Foskett) and the middle-class Rodenhursts (Nicola Pagett, Paul Chapman, Sarah-Jane Holm and Nigel Hastings), together with their respective friends, Rodney and Betty Sillitoe (Tim Wylton and Stephanie Cole), and Neville Badger (Michael Jayston). The series begins with the wedding of Ted and Rita Simcock's son Paul to Laurence and Liz Rodenhurst's daughter Jenny; an event at which Ted and Liz begin an affair. The subsequent fallout from this affair forms the basis for most of the first series.
<Viacom_18>	Viacom18 Media Private Limited is an Indian media and entertainment joint venture between TV18 and Paramount Global based in Mumbai. It was founded in 2007 and owns various channels, as well as content production studios in India.In January 2010, Viacom18 went international with the launch of Colors in United States. The channel is called Aapka Colors. In July 2010, it got into 50/50 distribution joint venture with Sun Network to form Sun 18.
<Grown_Ups_2>	Grown Ups 2 is a 2013 American comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan and co-produced by Adam Sandler, who also starred in the film. It is a sequel to the 2010 film Grown Ups and co-stars Kevin James, Chris Rock, David Spade, Salma Hayek, Maria Bello, Maya Rudolph, and Nick Swardson. It follows Lenny, who moves his family to his old hometown, but while spending time with his old friends, he and his companions must soon face bizarre situations and new enemies. The film is produced by Adam Sandler's production company Happy Madison Productions and distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing (Columbia Pictures). The film was released  on July 12, 2013, to overwhelmingly negative reviews from critics. The film grossed roughly $247 million on an $80 million budget. It was nominated for nine Razzies at the 2014 Golden Raspberry Awards.In 2011, three years after the events of the first film, Lenny Feder relocated his family to his hometown of Stanton, where his friends Eric Lamonsoff, Kurt McKenzie, and Marcus Higgins live. Lenny wakes up to find a deer in his bedroom, which wreaks havoc through the house until he uses his daughter Becky's stuffed animal to lure it outside. Lenny dismisses his wife Roxanne's suggestion that they have another child; Eric worries that his wife Sally is encouraging their children's self-confidence above all else; Kurt gives his wife Deanne a gift for their anniversary, which she has forgotten; and Marcus prepares to spend the summer with Braden, his son from a past fling, but is intimidated by the tall, tattooed teenager, who deeply resents him.
<John_Canfield_Spencer>	John Canfield Spencer (January 8, 1788 – May 17, 1855) was an American lawyer, politician, judge and United States Cabinet secretary in the administration of President John Tyler.John Canfield Spencer was born on January 8, 1788, in Hudson, New York.  He was the oldest child of Ambrose Spencer, Chief Justice of the New York Supreme Court, and his first wife, Laura Canfield (1768–1807).   His sister, Abby Spencer (1790–1839), was married to Albany Mayor John Townsend.  His younger brother, William Augustus Spencer (1792–1854), was married to Eleanora Eliza Lorillard (1801–1843), the daughter of Peter Abraham Lorillard. His brother, Ambrose Spencer, Jr., was killed at the Battle of Lundy's Lane.After the death of his mother in 1807, his father married Mary Clinton (1773–1808) in 1808.  Mary was the daughter of James Clinton and sister of New York Governor DeWitt Clinton.  After Mary's death later that same year, his father remarried again to Katherine Clinton (1778–1837), Mary's sister.
<Tennis_Borussia_Berlin>	Tennis Borussia Berlin is a German football club based in the locality of Westend in Berlin.The team was founded in 1902 as Berliner Tennis- und Ping-Pong-Gesellschaft Borussia taking its name from its origins as a tennis and table tennis club. Borussia is a Latinised version of Prussia and was a widely used name for sports clubs in the former state of Prussia. In 1903 the club took up football and quickly developed a rivalry with Berlin's leading side Hertha BSC. In 1913 the club changed its name to Berliner Tennis Club Borussia. They won their first city league championship in 1932 in the Oberliga Berlin-Brandenburg and repeated the feat in 1941, this time by defeating Hertha (8–2) in the Gauliga Berlin-Brandenburg.
<Begriffsschrift>	Begriffsschrift (German for, roughly, "concept-script") is a book on logic by Gottlob Frege, published in 1879, and the formal system set out in that book.Begriffsschrift is usually translated as concept writing or concept notation; the full title of the book identifies it as "a formula language, modeled on that of arithmetic, for pure thought." Frege's motivation for developing his formal approach to logic resembled Leibniz's motivation for his calculus ratiocinator (despite that, in the foreword Frege clearly denies that he achieved this aim, and also that his main aim would be constructing an ideal language like Leibniz's, which Frege declares to be a quite hard and idealistic—though not impossible—task). Frege went on to employ his logical calculus in his research on the foundations of mathematics, carried out over the next quarter century. This is the first work in Analytical Philosophy, a field that future British and Anglo philosophers such as Bertrand Russell further developed.The calculus contains the first appearance of quantified variables, and is essentially classical bivalent second-order logic with identity.  It is bivalent in that sentences or formulas denote either True or False; second order because it includes relation variables in addition to object variables and allows quantification over both.  The modifier "with identity" specifies that the language includes the identity relation, =. Frege stated that his book was his version of a characteristica universalis, a Leibnizian concept that would be applied in mathematics.
<Hrithik_Roshan>	Hrithik Roshan (pronounced [rɪθɪk roʊʃən]; born 10 January 1974) is an Indian actor who works in Hindi films. He has portrayed a variety of characters and is known for his dancing skills. One of the highest-paid actors in India, he has won many awards, including six Filmfare Awards, of which four were for Best Actor. Starting from 2012, he has appeared in Forbes India's Celebrity 100 several times based on his income and popularity.Roshan has frequently collaborated with his father, Rakesh Roshan. He made brief appearances as a child actor in several films in the 1980s and later worked as an assistant director on four of his father's films. His first leading role was in the box-office success Kaho Naa... Pyaar Hai (2000), for which he received several awards. Performances in the 2000 terrorism drama Fiza and the 2001 ensemble family drama Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham... consolidated his reputation but were followed by several poorly received films.
<Soldier_of_Fortune_(series)>	Soldier of fortune or Soldier of Fortune may refer to:
<Torino_F.C.>	Torino Football Club (Italian pronunciation: [toˈriːno]), commonly referred to as Torino or simply Toro, is an Italian professional football club based in Turin, Piedmont. They currently play in Serie A.Founded as Foot-Ball Club Torino in 1906, Torino are among the most successful clubs in Italy with seven league titles, including five consecutive league titles during the 1940s. The Grande Torino, as the team was known, was widely recognised as one of the strongest footballing sides of the period, until the entire team was killed in the 1949 Superga air disaster. They have also won the Coppa Italia five times, the last of which was in the 1992–93 season. Internationally, Torino won the Mitropa Cup in 1991 and were finalists in the UEFA Cup in 1991–92.
<Chicago>	Chicago (/ʃɪˈkɑːɡoʊ/ (listen) shih-KAH-goh, locally also /ʃɪˈkɔːɡoʊ/ shih-KAW-goh) is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Illinois and the third-most populous in the United States, after New York City and Los Angeles. With a population of 2,746,388 in the 2020 census, it is also the most populous city in the Midwestern United States. As the seat of Cook County (the second-most populous U.S. county), the city is the center of the Chicago metropolitan area, one of the largest in the world.On the shore of Lake Michigan, Chicago was incorporated as a city in 1837 near a portage between the Great Lakes and the Mississippi River watershed. It grew rapidly in the mid-19th century; by 1860, Chicago was the youngest U.S. city to exceed a population of 100,000. The Great Chicago Fire in 1871 destroyed several square miles and left more than 100,000 homeless, but Chicago's population continued to grow to 503,000 by 1880 and then doubled to more than a million within the decade. The construction boom accelerated population growth throughout the following decades, and by 1900, less than 30 years after the fire, Chicago was the fifth-largest city in the world. Chicago made noted contributions to urban planning and zoning standards, including new construction styles (such as, Chicago School architecture, the development of the City Beautiful Movement, and the steel-framed skyscraper).
<Frank_Westheimer>	Frank Henry Westheimer NAS ForMemRS APS (January 15, 1912 – April 14, 2007) was an American chemist.  He taught at the University of Chicago from 1936 to 1954, and at  Harvard University from 1953 to 1983, becoming the Morris Loeb Professor of Chemistry in 1960, and Professor Emeritus in 1983. The Westheimer medal was established in his honor in 2002.Westheimer did pioneering work in physical organic chemistry, applying techniques from physical to organic chemistry and integrating the two fields.He explored the mechanisms of chemical and enzymatic reactions,and made fundamental theoretical advances.Westheimer worked with John Gamble Kirkwood on  the Bjerrum electrostatic analysis of carboxylic acids;with Joseph Edward Mayer  on the calculation of molecular mechanics;explored the mechanisms of enzyme catalysis with Birgit Venneslandand determined the mechanisms of chromic acid oxidations and kinetic isotope effects.
<Newcomb_Cleveland_Prize>	The Newcomb Cleveland Prize of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) is annually awarded to author(s) of outstanding scientific paper published in the Research Articles or Reports sections of Science.  Established in 1923, funded by Newcomb Cleveland who remained anonymous until his death in 1951, and for this period it was known as the AAAS Thousand Dollar Prize. "The prize was inspired by Mr. Cleveland's belief that it was the scientist who counted and who needed the encouragement an unexpected monetary award could give." The present rules were instituted in 1975, previously it had gone to the author(s) of noteworthy papers, representing an outstanding contribution to science, presented in a regular session, sectional or societal, during the AAAS Annual Meeting. It is now sponsored by the Fodor Family Trust and includes a prize of $25,000.List of winnersThe DNA Binding Domain of the Rat Liver Nuclear Protein C/EBP Is Bipartite
<Tantek_Çelik>	Tantek Çelik is a Turkish-American computer scientist, currently the Web standards lead at Mozilla Corporation. Çelik was previously the chief technologist at Technorati. He worked on microformats and is one of the principal editors of several Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) specifications. He is author of HTML5 Now: A Step-by-Step Video Tutorial for Getting Started Today (Voices That Matter) (ISBN 978-0-321-71991-1).Çelik gained bachelor's and master's degrees in computer science from Stanford University. He worked at Microsoft from 1997 to 2004, where he helped lead development of the Macintosh version of Internet Explorer. Between 1998 and 2003, he managed a team of software developers that designed and implemented the Tasman rendering engine for Internet Explorer for Mac 5. During his time at Microsoft he also served as their alternate representative (1998–2000) and later their representative (2001–2004) to a number of working groups at the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C); he is credited on a number of recommendations relating to XHTML and Cascading Style Sheets due to this work.  While working for Microsoft, he also developed the "box model hack" that is used by web designers to work around the Internet Explorer box model bug.Before working at Microsoft he worked in a variety of software engineer roles at Sun Microsystems, Oracle Corporation and Apple Computer.[citation needed] During his four years at Apple Computer (1992–1996), he spent most of his time on the OpenDoc project, first as a senior software developer and then as a technical lead.[citation needed]  In 1996, he left Apple to form a software development and consulting company specialising in OpenDoc development, 6prime, with another OpenDoc technical lead Eric Soldan, however in 1997, Aladdin Systems purchased 6prime's main product REV releasing it as Flashback.
<Arthur_W._Van_Horn>	Arthur Wesley Van Horn (15 March 1860-18 April 1931) was a prolific architect of Bismarck, North Dakota.  A number of Van Horn's works, alone or as part of his firm (Ritterbush Brothers), are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.Arthur Van Horn was born at Hackensack, in Bergen County, New Jersey. His parents were Cornelius J. and Almira Van Saun. He worked and studied in New York City, where he attended  The Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art and received private instruction in the study of architecture. He moved to Bismarck and  began as an independent architect in 1883. He worked with Karl A. Loven in  Van Horn & Loven during 1917–1919, and with Robert A. Ritterbush and Clarence W. Ritterbush in Van Horn & Ritterbush Brothers during 1920–1931.  The Bismarck-based firm evolved as Ritterbush Brothers during 1931–1974 and subsequently as Ritterbush Associates.This article about a United States architect or architectural firm is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Voestalpine>	Coordinates: 48°16′26″N 14°20′00″E﻿ / ﻿48.27389°N 14.33333°E﻿ / 48.27389; 14.33333Voestalpine AG – stylized as voestalpine – is an Austrian steel-based technology and capital goods group based in Linz, Austria. The company is active in steel, automotive, railway systems, profilform and tool steel industries. As of 2017, it is one of the few profitable steel companies in Europe.45 percent of its workforce is based in Austria. The Linz hot strip mill is a "fully integrated steel works" operated by voestalpine Stahl GmbH, a part of the steel division of voestalpine AG. In addition to Linz the most important plants are in Leoben in Styria and in Krems in Lower Austria. It had a large plant at Liezen in Styria which closed in the 1990s.  Voestalpine is responsible for 10% of all Austrian CO2 emissions, which makes it the biggest emitter in the country.
<Spectrum_Sports_(Wisconsin)>	Spectrum Sports is a former regional sports network owned by Charter Communications through its acquisition of Time Warner Cable, including its Milwaukee and Eastern Wisconsin cable franchises, in May 2016. Broadcasting on Channel 32 exclusively on Charter Spectrum systems in the Milwaukee and Green Bay/Fox Cities areas, the channel launched in February 2007. This is not to be confused with WACY, Green Bay's actual broadcast Channel 32, which airs on Spectrum channel 83 on its northeastern Wisconsin systems.The channel featured a mix of local sports roundtable discussion shows, UW-Milwaukee Panthers sporting events, programs featuring the former sports directors of several local television stations and newspapers, coaches' shows, high school sports, and other minor professional sports within the Milwaukee and Green Bay franchise areas of Spectrum. Until 2013 the network also aired Marquette Golden Eagles sports, including men's college basketball games from ESPN Plus, rebroadcasts of ESPN Marquette games, other Marquette sports, and archived Marquette sports programming; this was discontinued that year due to the new Big East Conference contract with Fox Sports 1 which will see some games sub-licensed to Fox Sports Wisconsin locally, and the athletic department considering taking their coach's shows online-only or discontinuing them altogether. The Horizon League also moved to a mix of airing their games through ESPN+ and Stadium (the latter sometimes simulcast by WVTV's "My 24" subchannel), leaving the network without much college game programming. The network also had rights through Time Warner Cable/Spectrum's 'official cable partner' designation to carry programming produced by and revolving around the Green Bay Packers.On May 18, 2016, Charter completed its merger with Time Warner Cable, after an earlier attempt by Comcast to merge with Time Warner had failed the year before, placing the network and Time Warner Cable's Milwaukee operations under the control of Charter. As a result, it and the other ex-TWC RSNs rebranded under the umbrella of Spectrum Sports.
<Houston_Hall_(University_of_Pennsylvania)>	Houston Hall is the student union of the University of Pennsylvania, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Completed in 1896, it was the first student union built on an American college campus.Houston Hall was listed as a National Register of Historic Places contributing property in the University of Pennsylvania Campus Historic District in 1978.The idea of a student union – a clubhouse or activities center for students – was first established at Oxford University in 1823. Houston Hall was based on the models of the Cambridge University and Oxford University Unions.
<Harrisburg,_Pennsylvania>	Harrisburg is the capital city of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, United States, and the county seat of Dauphin County. With a population of 50,135 as of the 2021 census, Harrisburg is the 15th largest municipality in Pennsylvania.Harrisburg lies on the east bank of the Susquehanna River. It is the larger principal city of the Harrisburg–Carlisle metropolitan statistical area, also known as the Susquehanna Valley, which had a 2020 population of 591,712, making it the fourth most populous metropolitan area in Pennsylvania after the Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, and Lehigh Valley metropolitan areas.  Harrisburg played a role in American history during the Westward Migration, the American Civil War, and the Industrial Revolution. During part of the 19th century, the building of the Pennsylvania Canal and later the Pennsylvania Railroad allowed Harrisburg to develop into one of the most industrialized cities in the Northeastern United States. In the mid-to-late 20th century, the city's economic fortunes fluctuated with its major industries consisting of government, heavy manufacturing, agriculture, and food services.
<António_Egas_Moniz>	António Caetano de Abreu Freire Egas Moniz GCSE GCIB (29 November 1874 – 13 December 1955), known as Egas Moniz (Portuguese: [ˈɛɣɐʒ muˈniʃ]), was a Portuguese neurologist and the developer of cerebral angiography. He is regarded as one of the founders of modern psychosurgery, having developed the surgical procedure leucotomy—​better known today as lobotomy—​for which he became the first Portuguese national to receive a Nobel Prize in 1949 (shared with Walter Rudolf Hess).He held academic positions, wrote many medical articles and also served in several legislative and diplomatic posts in the Portuguese government. In 1911, he became professor of neurology in Lisbon until his retirement in 1944.Moniz was born in Avanca, Estarreja, Portugal, as António Caetano de Abreu Freire de Resende. He attended Escola do Padre José Ramos and the Jesuit-run College of Saint Fidelis and studied medicine at the University of Coimbra, graduating in 1899. For the next 12 years, he served as a lecturer for basic medical courses at Coimbra. In 1911, he became a neurology professor at the University of Lisbon, where he worked until his retirement in 1944.
<ETH_Zurich>	ETH Zürich (English: ETH; Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zürich; German: Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich) is a public research university in the city of Zürich, Switzerland. Founded by the Swiss Federal Government in 1854 after the model of the École polytechnique in Paris with the stated mission to educate engineers and scientists, the school focuses primarily on science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. Like its sister institution EPFL, it is part of the Swiss Federal Institutes of Technology Domain, part of the Swiss Federal Department of Economic Affairs, Education and Research.In the 2022 edition of QS World University Rankings, ETH Zürich was ranked 8th in the world, placing it as the fourth-best European university after the University of Oxford, the University of Cambridge and Imperial College London. In the 2021 QS World University Rankings by subject, it ranked 4th in the world for engineering and technology (2nd in Europe) and 1st for earth and marine science. Also, ETH ranked 11th in the world in the Times Higher Education World University Rankings of 2022-23.
<You_Can_Count_On_Me>	You Can Count on Me is a 2000 American drama film written and directed by Kenneth Lonergan (in his directorial debut) and starring Laura Linney, Mark Ruffalo, Rory Culkin, and Matthew Broderick. It tells the story of Sammy, a single mother living in a small Catskill Mountains town, and her complicated relationships with family and friends.The film and its performances received highly positive reviews among critics, and dozens of award nominations and awards at film festivals and during awards season. At the 73rd Academy Awards, the film received a nomination for Best Actress for Linney and a nomination for Best Original Screenplay for Lonergan.As children, Sammy and Terry Prescott lose their parents to a car accident.  Years later, Sammy, a single mother and lending officer at a bank, still lives in her childhood home in a village in the Catskill Mountains region of New York, while Terry has drifted around the country, scraping by and getting in and out of trouble.
<Alfred_Bester>	Alfred Bester (December 18, 1913 – September 30, 1987) was an American science fiction author, TV and radio scriptwriter, magazine editor and scripter for comic strips and comic books. He is best remembered for his science fiction, including The Demolished Man, winner of the inaugural Hugo Award in 1953.Science fiction author Harry Harrison wrote, "Alfred Bester was one of the handful of writers who invented modern science fiction."Shortly before his death, the Science Fiction Writers of America (SFWA) named Bester its ninth Grand Master, presented posthumously in 1988.The Science Fiction and Fantasy Hall of Fame inducted him in 2001.
<David_Button>	David Robert Edmund Button (born 27 February 1989) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for EFL Championship club West Bromwich Albion.A product of the Tottenham Hotspur academy, Button came to prominence at Brentford in 2013. He earned 31 caps for England from U16 to U20 level.
<The_Dancing_Wu_Li_Masters>	The Dancing Wu Li Masters is a 1979 book by Gary Zukav, a popular science work exploring modern physics, and quantum phenomena in particular.  It was awarded a 1980 U.S. National Book Award in category of Science.  Although it explores empirical topics in modern physics research, The Dancing Wu Li Masters gained attention for leveraging metaphors taken from eastern spiritual movements, in particular the Huayen school of Buddhism with the monk Fazang's treatise on the Golden Lion, to explain quantum phenomena and has been regarded by some reviewers as a New Age work, although the book is mostly concerned with the work of pioneers in western physics down through the ages.The toneless pinyin phrase Wu Li in the title is most accurately rendered 物理 in Chinese characters, one Chinese translation of the word "physics" in the light of the book's subject matter. This becomes somewhat of a pun as there are many other Chinese characters that could be rendered as "wu li" in atonal pinyin, and chapters of the book are each titled with alternative translations of Wu Li, such as "Nonsense", "My Way" and "I Clutch My Ideas". Zukav participated as a journalist in a 1976 physics conference of eastern and western scientists at Esalen Institute, California; and he used the occasion as material for his book. At the  conference, it was said that the Chinese term for physics is 'Wu Li', or "patterns of organic energy."  Zukav, among others, conceptualized 'physics' as the dance of the Wu Li Masters – teachers of physical essence. Zukav explains the concept further:
<Phyllis_Huffman>	Phyllis Huffman (June 23, 1944 – March 2, 2006) was a casting director for film and television. She received numerous award nominations from the Casting Society of America (CSA) throughout her career, winning twice.She was born as Phyllis Grennan in The Bronx, New York, and graduated from Webster University in St. Louis, Missouri. After a brief stint as a flight attendant for Trans World Airlines, she started working in the casting departments of MGM and Paramount Pictures, becoming a protégé of casting director Marion Dougherty. Huffman moved on to Warner Bros., ultimately becoming the vice president of the studio's television casting department.Huffman served as casting director for such TV mini-series as V: The Final Battle and North and South, earning her first CSA award for the latter. She won her first CSA award in 1989 for casting the pilot episode of the hit sitcom Murphy Brown. She received a second nomination that same year for casting the pilot for China Beach.
<Columbia_Law_School>	Columbia Law School (Columbia Law or CLS) is the law school of Columbia University, a private Ivy League university in New York City. Columbia Law is widely regarded as one of the most prestigious law schools in the world and has always ranked in the top five schools in the United States since the establishment of the law school rankings by U.S. News & World Report  in 1987. Columbia Law is especially well known for its strength in corporate law and its placement power in the nation's elite law firms.Columbia Law School was founded in 1858 as the Columbia College Law School, and was known for its legal scholarship dating back to the 18th century. Graduates of the university's colonial predecessor, King's College, include such notable early-American legal figures as John Jay, the first chief justice of the United States, and Alexander Hamilton, the first Secretary of the Treasury, who were co-authors of The Federalist Papers.
<Jerusalem>	Jerusalem (/dʒəˈruːsələm/; Hebrew: יְרוּשָׁלַיִם Yerushaláyim; Arabic: القُدس Al‑Quds Al‑Sharif) is a city in Western Asia. Situated on a plateau in the Judaean Mountains between the Mediterranean and the Dead Sea, it is one of the oldest cities in the world and is considered to be a holy city for the three major Abrahamic religions: Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. Both Israelis and Palestinians claim Jerusalem as their capital, as Israel maintains its primary governmental institutions there and the State of Palestine ultimately foresees it as its seat of power. Because of this dispute, neither claim is widely recognized internationally.Throughout its long history, Jerusalem has been destroyed at least twice, besieged 23 times, captured and recaptured 44 times, and attacked 52 times. The part of Jerusalem called the City of David shows first signs of settlement in the 4th millennium BCE, in the shape of encampments of nomadic shepherds. During the Canaanite period (14th century BCE), Jerusalem was named as Urusalim on ancient Egyptian tablets, probably meaning "City of Shalem" after a Canaanite deity. During the Israelite period, significant construction activity in Jerusalem began in the 9th century BCE (Iron Age II), and by the 8th century BCE, the city had developed into the religious and administrative centre of the Kingdom of Judah. In 1538, the city walls were rebuilt for a last time around Jerusalem under Suleiman the Magnificent of the Ottoman Empire. Today those walls define the Old City, which has been traditionally divided into four-quarters—known since the early 19th century as the Armenian, Christian, Jewish, and Muslim quarters. The Old City became a World Heritage Site in 1981, and is on the List of World Heritage in Danger. Since 1860, Jerusalem has grown far beyond the Old City's boundaries. In 2015, Jerusalem had a population of some 850,000 residents, comprising approximately 200,000 secular Jewish Israelis, 350,000 Haredi Jews and 300,000 Palestinians. In 2016, the population was 882,700, of which Jews comprised 536,600 (61%), Muslims 319,800 (36%), Christians 15,800 (2%), and 10,300 unclassified (1%).
<Åke_Grönberg>	Karl Åke Edvard Grönberg (26 March 1914 – 15 September 1969) was a Swedish film actor who appeared in nearly 100 films. Grönberg was a versatile stage personality of his day, performing as a singer, variety artist, actor, in musical shows and in dramatic productions. He was born in Stockholm, Sweden and died of a heart attack in 1969.AKE GRONBERG  by Ake Gronberg. (U.S.A. Cadence Records #CLP 5002)
<Kogado_Studio>	Kogado Software Products:18 (as of June 25, 2009)Kogado Studio:
<Prussian_Academy_of_Sciences>	The Royal Prussian Academy of Sciences  (German: Königlich-Preußische Akademie der Wissenschaften) was an academy established in Berlin, Germany on 11 July 1700, four years after the Prussian Academy of Arts, or "Arts Academy," to which "Berlin Academy" may also refer.  In the 18th century, it was a French-language institution since French was the language of science and culture during that era.Prince-elector Frederick III of Brandenburg, Germany founded the Academy under the name of Kurfürstlich Brandenburgische Societät der Wissenschaften ("Electoral Brandenburg Society of Sciences") upon the advice of Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz, who was appointed president. Unlike other Academies, the Prussian Academy was not directly funded out of the state treasury. Frederick granted it the monopoly on producing and selling calendars in Brandenburg, a suggestion from Leibniz. As Frederick was crowned "King in Prussia" in 1701, creating the Kingdom of Prussia, the Academy was renamed Königlich Preußische Sozietät der Wissenschaften ("Royal Prussian Society of Sciences"). While other Academies focused on a few topics, the Prussian Academy was the first to teach both sciences and humanities. In 1710, the Academy statute was set, dividing the Academy into two sciences and two humanities classes. This was not changed until 1830, when the physics-mathematics and the philosophy-history classes replaced the four old classes.The reign of King Frederick II of Prussia ("Frederick the Great") saw major changes to the Academy. In 1744, the Nouvelle Société Littéraire and the Society of Sciences were merged into the Königliche Akademie der Wissenschaften ("Royal Academy of Sciences"). An obligation from the new statute were public calls for ideas on unsolved scientific questions with a monetary reward for solutions. The Academy acquired its own research facilities in the 18th century, including an observatory in 1709; an anatomical theater in 1717; a Collegium medico-chirurgicum in 1723; a botanical garden in 1718; and a laboratory in 1753. However, those were later taken over by the University of Berlin.
<Bano_Qudsia>	Bano Qudsia (Urdu: بانو قدسیہ‎; 28 November 1928 – 4 February 2017), also known as Bano Aapa, was a Pakistani novelist, playwright and spiritualist. She wrote literature in Urdu, producing novels, dramas plays and short stories. Qudsia is best recognized for her novel Raja Gidh. Qudsia also wrote for television and stage in both Urdu and Punjabi languages. Her play Aadhi Baat has been called "a classic play". Bano Qudsia died in Lahore on 4 February 2017.Bano Qudsia was born on 28 November 1928 in Firozpur, British India, as Qudsia Chattha in a Muslim Jat family. Her father was a Bachelor of Agriculture and her brother Pervaiz Chattha was a painter. She migrated to Lahore with her family after the partition of India and had begun writing short stories while studying in class 5. She graduated from the Kinnaird College in Lahore and then joined the Government College University (Lahore) (GCU) to earn her master's degree in Urdu literature which she completed in 1951.
<University_of_Edinburgh>	The University of Edinburgh (Scots: University o Edinburgh, Scottish Gaelic: Oilthigh Dhùn Èideann; abbreviated as Edin. in post-nominals) is a public research university based in Edinburgh, Scotland. Granted a royal charter by King James VI in 1582 and officially opened in 1583, it is one of Scotland's four ancient universities and the sixth-oldest university in continuous operation in the English-speaking world. The university played an important role in Edinburgh becoming a chief intellectual centre during the Scottish Enlightenment and contributed to the city being nicknamed the "Athens of the North."Edinburgh is ranked among the top universities in the United Kingdom and the world.Edinburgh is a member of several associations of research-intensive universities, including the Coimbra Group, League of European Research Universities, Russell Group, Una Europa, and Universitas 21. In the fiscal year ending 31 July 2021, it had a total income of £1.176 billion, of which £324.0 million was from research grants and contracts, with the third-largest endowment in the UK, behind only Cambridge and Oxford. The university has five main campuses in the city of Edinburgh, which include many buildings of historical and architectural significance such as those in the Old Town.
<Adolphe>	Adolphe is a classic French novel by Benjamin Constant, first published in 1816. It tells the story of an alienated young man, Adolphe, who falls in love with an older woman, Ellénore, the Polish mistress of the Comte de P***. Their illicit relationship serves to isolate them from their friends and from society at large. The book eschews all conventional descriptions of exteriors for the sake of detailed accounts of feelings and states of mind.Constant began the novel on 30 October 1806, and completed it some time before 1810. While still working on it he read drafts to individual acquaintances and to small audiences, and after its first publication in London and Paris in June 1816 it went through three further editions: in July 1816 (new preface), July 1824 in Paris (restorations to Ch. 8, third preface), and in 1828. Many variants appear, mostly alterations to Constant's somewhat archaic spelling and punctuation.Adolphe, the narrator, is the son of a government minister. Introverted from an early age, his melancholic outlook has been formed by conversations with an elderly friend, whose insight into the folly and hypocrisy of the world has hindered rather than helped her in life. When the novel opens, he is 22 years old and has just completed his studies at the University of Göttingen. He travels to the town of D*** in Germany, where he becomes attached to the court of an enlightened Prince. During his stay he gains a reputation for an unpleasant wit. A friend's project of seduction inspires him to try something similar with the 32-year-old lover of the Comte de P***, a beautiful Polish refugee named Ellénore. The seduction is successful, but they both fall in love, and their relationship becomes all-consuming, isolating them from the people around them.
<FC_Nantes>	Football Club de Nantes (Breton: Naoned; Gallo: Naunnt), commonly referred to as FC Nantes or simply Nantes (IPA: [nɑ̃t] (listen)), is a French professional football club based in Nantes in Pays de la Loire. The club was founded on 21 April 1943, during World War II, as a result of local clubs based in the city coming together to form one large club. From 1992 to 2007, the club was referred to as FC Nantes Atlantique before reverting to its current name at the start of the 2007–08 season. Nantes play in Ligue 1, the first division of Football in France.Nantes is one of the most successful clubs in French football, having won eight Ligue 1 titles, four Coupe de France wins and attained one Coupe de la Ligue victory.The club is famous for its jeu à la nantaise ("Nantes-style play"), its collective spirit, mainly advocated under coaches José Arribas, Jean-Claude Suaudeau and Raynald Denoueix and for its youth system, which has produced players such as Marcel Desailly, Didier Deschamps, Mickaël Landreau, Claude Makélélé, Christian Karembeu and Jérémy Toulalan. As well as Les Canaris (The Canaries), Nantes is also nicknamed Les jaunes et verts (The Green and Yellows) and La Maison Jaune (The Yellow House).
<WNBC_(AM)>	WFAN (660 AM) is a commercial radio station licensed to New York, New York, carrying a sports radio format known as "Sports Radio 66 AM and 101.9 FM" or "The FAN". Owned by Audacy, Inc., the station serves the New York metropolitan area while its 50,000-watt clear channel signal can be heard at night throughout much of the eastern United States and Canada. WFAN's studios are located in the Hudson Square neighborhood of lower Manhattan and its transmitter is located on High Island in the Bronx. In addition to a standard analog transmission, WFAN is simulcast over WFAN-FM (101.9 FM), and is available online via Audacy.Originally at 1050 AM, WFAN was launched on July 1, 1987, as the world’s first radio station to adopt the sports radio format around-the-clock. The format moved to this frequency on October 7, 1988, taking over a facility which signed on in 1922 as WEAF under the auspices of Western Electric. Purchased by RCA in 1926, it became the flagship of the NBC Radio Network, the first fully operational radio network in the United States, at points bearing either the WEAF, WRCA or WNBC call letters. The decline of scripted network radio programming in the late 1950s saw this station gradually relaunched into a middle of the road format, made a brief venture into talk radio in the 1960s, and finally to personality-driven adult contemporary starting in 1971. Don Imus, Wolfman Jack and Cousin Brucie headlined WNBC during the 1970s, then with Imus and a young Howard Stern during the early 1980s. A substantial decline in ratings for WNBC, coupled with RCA's sale to General Electric and dismantling of NBC's radio operations, resulted in Emmis Communications purchasing the WNBC license for WFAN, retaining Imus's morning program and augmenting it into their format.
<Talisa_Soto>	Miriam Talisa Soto (born March 27, 1967) is an American former actress and former model. She is known for portraying Bond girl Lupe Lamora in the 1989 James Bond film Licence to Kill, and as Kitana in the 1995 fantasy action film Mortal Kombat and its 1997 sequel Mortal Kombat: Annihilation. Prior to her acting career, Soto worked as a model, appearing in magazines such as Mademoiselle, Glamour and Elle.Soto was born in Brooklyn, New York City, the youngest of four children of parents who moved to New York from Puerto Rico. During her early childhood, her parents moved to Northampton, Massachusetts, where Soto and her siblings were raised and educated in public schools.
<Jamie_O'Hara_(footballer)>	Jamie Darryl O'Hara (born 25 September 1986) is an English former professional footballer.O'Hara came through Arsenal Academy to then sign for Tottenham Hotspur to become a first-team player during the 2007–08 season. He has had several loan spells, including a stint at Portsmouth that saw them reach the 2010 FA Cup Final. In 2017, he was a contestant on Celebrity Big Brother.
<Alan_Ladd>	Alan Walbridge Ladd (September 3, 1913 – January 29, 1964) was an American actor and film producer. Ladd found success in film in the 1940s and early 1950s, particularly in films noir and Westerns. He was often paired with Veronica Lake in films noir, such as This Gun for Hire (1942), The Glass Key (1942), and The Blue Dahlia (1946). Whispering Smith (1948) was his first Western and color film, and Shane (1953) was noted for its contributions to the genre. Ladd also appeared in ten films with William Bendix; both actors coincidentally died in 1964.His other notable credits include Two Years Before the Mast (1946) and The Great Gatsby (1949). His popularity diminished in the mid 1950s, though he continued to appear in numerous films, including his first supporting role since This Gun for Hire in the smash hit The Carpetbaggers released in 1964.  He died of an accidental combination of alcohol, a barbiturate, and two tranquilizers in January 1964.
<Genovese_&_Maddalene>	Genovese & Maddalene was an architectural firm established in 1963 by architects Anthony Vincent Genovese and Herbert F. Maddalene, based in Glen Rock, New Jersey that specialized in the design of churches. The address was 175 Rock Rd, Glen Rock, New Jersey 07452.Coordinates: 40°57′46″N 74°08′00″W﻿ / ﻿40.96282°N 74.13343°W﻿ / 40.96282; -74.13343
<Tracy_Letts>	Tracy S. Letts (born July 4, 1965) is an American actor, playwright, and screenwriter. He started his career at the Steppenwolf Theatre before making his Broadway debut as a playwright for August: Osage County (2007), for which he received the Pulitzer Prize for Drama and the Tony Award for Best Play. As an actor he won the Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play for the Broadway revival of Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? (2013).As a playwright, Letts is known for having written for the Steppenwolf Theatre, Off-Broadway and Broadway theatre. His works include: Killer Joe, Bug, Man from Nebraska, August: Osage County, Superior Donuts, Linda Vista, and The Minutes. Letts adapted three of his plays into films, Bug and Killer Joe, both directed by William Friedkin, and August: Osage County, directed by John Wells. His 2009 play Superior Donuts was adapted into a television series of the same name. As a stage actor, Letts has performed in various classic plays with the Steppenwolf Theatre since 1988. He made his acting Broadway debut as George in the revival of Edward Albee's play Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, which earned him a Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play. He continued acting on the Broadway stage in The Realistic Joneses, All My Sons, and The Minutes.In film and television, he is known for his portrayal of Andrew Lockhart in seasons 3 and 4 of Showtime's Homeland, and pyramid-scheme con-artist Nick on the HBO comedy Divorce. In 2017, Letts starred in three critically acclaimed films: Azazel Jacobs' The Lovers, Greta Gerwig's Lady Bird, and Steven Spielberg's The Post. The latter two films were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture. Lady Bird earned Letts a nomination for the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture. In 2019, he portrayed Henry Ford II in James Mangold's Ford v Ferrari and Mr. Dashwood in Gerwig's Little Women, the two also receiving Best Picture nominations.
<Alexander_Poskrebyshev>	Alexander Nikolaevich Poskrebyshev (Russian: Александр Николаевич Поскрёбышев; 7 August 1891 – 3 January 1965) was a Soviet politician and a state and Communist Party functionary. A member of the Communist Party since March 1917, he was chief of the special department of the Central Committee of the Communist Party (personal chancellery of Joseph Stalin, 1928–1953).Poskrebyshev was born on 7 August 1891, in the village of Uspenskoe near the city of Vyatka in the Russian Empire, the son of a shoemaker. His mother was Nadezhda Efimovna. He had one brother, Ivan, and two sisters, Olga and Alexandra. He studied to become a medical assistant, graduating in 1918.Poskrebyshev was involved at an early stage in the activities of the Communist Party. He was elected secretary of the local division of the Bolshevik party (1917–1918) soon after joining the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party (Bolsheviks) (RSDLP(b), March 1917). He was a member of the political committee of the Special Turkestan Army (1918–1919), chairman of the regional Military Revolutionary Committee and regional Council of Workers and Peasants Deputies (Zlatoust, 1919–1921) and worked for the Bolshevik party in Ufa (1921–1922). He moved to Moscow in 1922 within the Central Committee of the CPSU and by 1923 he had become Director of the Administrative Bureau of the Committee.
<Look_Homeward,_Angel_(play)>	Look Homeward, Angel is a 1957 stage play by the playwright Ketti Frings. The play is based on Thomas Wolfe's 1929 largely autobiographical novel of the same title.Look Homeward, Angel opened on Broadway at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre on November 28, 1957, and ran for a total of 564 performances, closing on April 4, 1959. Directed by George Roy Hill, the cast starred Jo Van Fleet (who replaced Bette Davis during rehearsals after Davis broke her back at her home) and Anthony Perkins.Ketti Frings won the 1958 Pulitzer Prize for Drama and the New York Drama Critics' Circle Award. The production received Tony Award nominations for Best Play; Best Actor in a Play (Hugh Griffith and Anthony Perkins); Best Actress in a Play (Jo Van Fleet); Best Scenic Design (Jo Mielziner); Best Costume Design (Motley); and Best Director (George Roy Hill).
<AllMusic>	AllMusic (previously known as All Music Guide and AMG) is an American online music database. It catalogs more than three million album entries and 30 million tracks, as well as information on musicians and bands. Initiated in 1991, the database was first made available on the Internet in 1994. AllMusic is owned by RhythmOne.AllMusic was launched as All Music Guide by Michael Erlewine, a "compulsive archivist, noted astrologer, Buddhist scholar and musician". He became interested in using computers for his astrological work in the mid-1970s and founded a software company, Matrix, in 1977. In the early 1990s, as CDs replaced LPs as the dominant format for recorded music, Erlewine purchased what he thought was a CD of early recordings by Little Richard. After buying it he discovered it was a "flaccid latter-day rehash". Frustrated with the labeling, he researched using metadata to create a music guide. In 1990, in Big Rapids, Michigan, he founded All Music Guide with a goal to create an open-access database that included every recording "since Enrico Caruso gave the industry its first big boost".
<Charles_Pence_Slichter>	Charles Pence Slichter (January 21, 1924 – February 19, 2018) was an American physicist, best known for his work on nuclear magnetic resonance and superconductivity.He was awarded the 2007 National Medal of Science "for establishing nuclear magnetic resonance as a powerful tool to reveal the fundamental molecular properties of liquids and solids. His inspired teaching has led generations of physicists and chemists to develop a host of modern technologies in condensed matter physics, chemistry, biology and medicine."Slichter was born in 1924 in Ithaca, New York. He attended Harvard University, where in 1949 received his Ph.D. under the supervision of Edward Purcell.
<Robert_Z._Leonard>	Robert Zigler Leonard (October 7, 1889 – August 27, 1968) was an American film director, actor, producer, and screenwriter.He was born in Chicago, Illinois. At one time, he was married to silent star Mae Murray with the two forming Tiffany Pictures to film eight motion pictures that were released by MGM.
<Tan_Yu>	Tan Yu (Chinese: 鄭周敏; pinyin: Zhèng Zhōumǐn; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tīⁿ Chiu-bín; 5 April 1927 – 12 March 2002) was a Chinese-Filipino philanthropist and businessman who founded the Asiaworld Internationale Group and established the KTTI Foundation, which provided scholarships to and supported the education of thousands of young students. In 1997, Forbes listed Tan Yu as the 7th wealthiest person in the world, estimating his net worth to be about $7 billion. He was placed amongst the top 10 in the world on the Forbes List of World Billionaires 1997, making him wealthiest man in the Philippines.Originally from Fujian province in China, Yu and his family moved to the Philippines at a young age. He began making a living in the province of Camarines Norte through selling bread buns in the streets and doing some fishing. He graduated from University of St. La Salle in Bacolod, and in 1997, received an honorary doctorate of science degree from the New Jersey Institute of Technology. By the age of 18, he had established a successful textile business.
<Rhys_Taylor>	Rhys Francis Taylor (born 7 April 1990) is a Welsh professional footballer who last played as a goalkeeper for Bradford (Park Avenue). He has played for Wales up to under-21 level.He attended Glan Afan Comprehensive School, Port Talbot, and later moved to the Richard Challoner School, New Malden.[citation needed]
<Swisscom>	Swisscom AG is a major telecommunications provider in Switzerland. Its headquarters are located in Ittigen near Bern. The Swiss government owns 51.0 percent of Swisscom AG. According to its own published data, Swisscom holds a market share of 56% for mobile, 50% for broadband and 37% for TV telecommunication in Switzerland. Its Italian subsidiary Fastweb is attributed 16% of private clients and 29% of corporate clients share of Italian broadband and is also active in the mobile market.The Swiss telegraph network was first set up in 1852, followed by telephones in 1877. The two networks were combined with the postal service in 1920 to form Postal Telegraph and Telephone (PTT). The Swiss telecommunications market was deregulated in 1997. Telecom PTT was spun off and rebranded Swisscom ahead of a partial privatisation in 1997. The present-day Swisscom owns the protected brand NATEL, which is used and known only in Switzerland.
<Lona_Andre>	Lona Andre (born Launa Anderson;  March 2, 1915 – September 18, 1992) was an American film actress, golfer, and businesswoman.Born in Nashville, Tennessee, Andre attracted attention with her first films in Hollywood and was named as one of the WAMPAS Baby Stars of 1932.
<Garry_Trudeau>	Garretson Beekman Trudeau (born July 21, 1948) is an American cartoonist, best known for creating the Doonesbury comic strip. Trudeau is also the creator and executive producer of the Amazon Studios political comedy series Alpha House.Trudeau was born in New York City, the son of Jean Douglas (née  Moore) and Francis Berger Trudeau Jr. He is the great-grandson of Edward Livingston Trudeau, who created Adirondack Cottage Sanitarium for the treatment of pulmonary tuberculosis at Saranac Lake, New York. Edward was succeeded by his son Francis and grandson Francis Jr. The latter founded the Trudeau Institute at Saranac Lake, with which Garry Trudeau retains a connection.
<Orlando_Bloom>	Orlando Jonathan Blanchard Copeland Bloom (born 13 January 1977) is an English actor. He made his breakthrough as the character Legolas in The Lord of the Rings film series The Fellowship of the Ring (2001), The Two Towers (2002), and The Return of the King (2003). He reprised his role in The Hobbit film series. He gained further notice appearing in epic fantasy, historical, and adventure films, notably as Will Turner in the Pirates of the Caribbean film series, The Curse of the Black Pearl (2003), Dead Man's Chest (2006), and At World's End (2007). Bloom appeared in Hollywood films such as the war film Black Hawk Down (2001), the Australian Western Ned Kelly (2003), the romantic comedy Elizabethtown (2005), and New York, I Love You (2007). He also starred in the blockbusters portraying Paris in historical epic Troy (2004) Balian de Ibelin in another historical epic Kingdom of Heaven (2005), and the Duke of Buckingham in The Three Musketeers (2011). In 2020 he gained acclaim for the Afghanistan War drama film The Outpost (2020). He currently stars in the Amazon Prime Video series Carnival Row (2019–present).
<Small_Island_(novel)>	Small Island is a 2004 prize-winning novel by British author Andrea Levy, her fourth novel.The novel is based on four main characters—Hortense, Queenie, Gilbert and Bernard—and the story is told from each of their points of view. Mainly set in 1948, the plot focuses on the diaspora of Jamaican immigrants, who, escaping economic hardship on their own "small island", move to England, the Mother Country, for which the men have fought during World War II. While the novel focuses on the narratives of Gilbert and Hortense as they adjust to life in England, after a reception that is not quite the warm embrace that they had hoped for, the interracial relationship between Queenie and Michael is central to the plot and the connections that are established between all of the characters. As the story is narrated from various viewpoints, it is achronological, skipping around to discuss each character's life before the outbreak of WWII.
<Björn_Envall>	Björn Envall (born 1942), is a Swedish retired automobile designer. He was head of the design department at Saab. He started his career in the 1960s at Saab as an apprentice under Sixten Sason, especially helping with the design of the Saab 99 and the ill-fated Saab Catherina sports car. In fact, after the failure of that design to be accepted by Saab, he designed (on paper only) a further and progressive two-seater, which was never built.After a two years spell at Opel he took over Sason's work at Saab, in 1969, following Sason's death. He held this position until 1992. Among his designs there was the Saab EV-1, Saab 98, the Saab 99 Combi Coupé, the Saab 900 and the Saab 900 convertible. He also guided the co-operation project with Fiat, that led to the Saab 9000. He made the original drawings of the 'new generation' Saab 900, in 1988, before the involvement of General Motors in the company.
<Sonny_Bono>	Salvatore Phillip "Sonny" Bono (/ˈboʊnoʊ/; February 16, 1935 – January 5, 1998) was an American singer, actor, and politician who came to fame in partnership with his second wife Cher as the popular singing duo Sonny & Cher. A member of the Republican Party, Bono served as the 16th mayor of Palm Springs, California, from 1988 to 1992, and served as the U.S. representative for California's 44th district from 1995 until his death in 1998.The United States Copyright Term Extension Act of 1998, which extended the term of copyright by 20 years, was named in honor of Bono when it was passed by Congress nine months after his death. Mary Bono (one of Sonny's widows) had been one of the original sponsors of the legislation, commonly known as the Sonny Bono Copyright Term Extension Act.
<Albert_Puigdollers>	Albert Puigdollers Saperas (born 30 October 1980 in Granollers, Barcelona, Catalonia) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.
<David_Jason>	Sir David John White OBE (born 2 February 1940), known professionally by his stage name David Jason, is an English actor. He is best known for his roles as Derek "Del Boy" Trotter in the BBC sitcom Only Fools and Horses, Detective Inspector Jack Frost in A Touch of Frost, Granville in Open All Hours and Still Open All Hours, and Pop Larkin in The Darling Buds of May, as well as voicing Mr. Toad in The Wind in the Willows, the BFG in the 1989 film and the title characters of Danger Mouse and Count Duckula. His most recent appearance in the role of Del Boy was in 2014; he retired his role as Frost in 2010. He voices Captain Skipper, the uncle of Pip in the preschool focused series Pip Ahoy!In September 2006, Jason topped the poll to find TV's 50 Greatest Stars, as part of ITV's 50th anniversary celebrations. He was knighted in 2005 for services to acting and comedy. Jason has won four British Academy Television Awards (BAFTAs), (1988, 1991, 1997, 2003), four British Comedy Awards (1990, 1992, 1997, 2001) and seven National Television Awards (1996 twice, 1997, 2001 twice, 2002 and 2011).
<The_Upstairs_Room>	The Upstairs Room is a 1972 Holocaust survivor autobiography by Johanna Reiss documenting her childhood in occupied Holland during the Nazi invasion.Reiss is known as Annie de Leeuw during the period of this book. The story begins in the year 1938. Annie belongs to a Jewish family and has three sisters. Now, the Holocaust has started so they have nowhere to go. Her family is in grave danger. In the story, Annie and her elder sister Sini are separated from their family. They struggle through many hardships, such as their mother's illness and eventual death. They keep moving from one family to another so that they are not caught by the Nazis. Annie and Sini get separated from their home and family. Her mother then dies because of very bad headaches.Annie and Sini are taken to the Oostervelds and their sister Rachel is taken in with a priest. .Elie Wiesel reviewed the book shortly after its publication.  He wrote in part "This admirable account is as important in every aspect as the one bequeathed to us by Anne Frank. Annie's ambivalent relationships with her father, her sister, the family that sheltered her, her discovery of concentration camp horror – we laugh with her and cry with her. With her we await D-Day and liberation, sharing her anxieties and her dreams. In the end, we are grateful to fate for having spared a child who can reminisce with neither hate nor bitterness but a kind of gentleness that leaves us with a lump in our throats."
<John_Leckie_(Australian_politician)>	John William Leckie (14 October 1872 – 25 September 1947) was an Australian politician. He served as a Senator for Victoria from 1935 to 1947, having previously been a member of the House of Representatives from 1917 to 1919 and the Victorian Legislative Assembly from 1913 to 1917.Leckie was born at Alexandra, Victoria and educated at Scotch College, Melbourne. He played Australian rules football for Fitzroy Football Club (then in the Victorian Football Association) in 1895. He studied medicine at the University of Melbourne for two years, but after falling out with his father he prospected for gold in Kalgoorlie, Western Australia and played football in Fremantle.  In 1897, he returned to Alexandra to run the family store, his father having died.  In April 1898, he married May Beatrix Johnston.  His wife died in 1910 and he moved to Melbourne in 1912 and co-founded a firm of lithographic printers and canister manufacturers.  He married Hattie Martha Knight in April 1917.
<Stanley_Mazor>	Stanley Mazor is an American microelectronics engineer who was born on 22 October 1941 in Chicago, Illinois. He is one of the co-inventors of the world's first microprocessor architecture, the Intel 4004, together with Ted Hoff, Masatoshi Shima, and Federico Faggin.Mazor was born to Jewish parents, As a youth, Mazor's family moved to California, where he attended Oakland High School from which he graduated in 1959. He enrolled in San Francisco State University (SFSU), majoring in math and studying helicopter design and construction as a hobby. Mazor met his future wife Maurine at SFSU and they wed in 1962. Around the same time, he became interested in computers and learned to program SFSU's IBM 1620 computer, taking a position as a professor's assistant and teaching other students to use the technology. Meanwhile, he continued to study computer architecture in technical manuals outside of school.
<Milena_Canonero>	Milena Canonero, Dame Grand Cross (born 13 July 1949) is an Italian costume designer, who has worked for both film and stage productions. She has won four Academy Awards for Best Costume Design, and been nominated for the award a total of nine times. She is married to actor Marshall Bell.Born in Turin, Italy, Canonero studied art, design history and costume design in Genoa. She then moved to England, where she began working in small theatre and film productions. While designing for commercials in London, she met many film directors.Her first major film work as a costume designer was in Stanley Kubrick's A Clockwork Orange (1971), having met Kubrick on the set of 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968). She worked with Kubrick again on Barry Lyndon (1975), for which she won her first Oscar with Ulla-Britt Söderlund, and The Shining (1980). Her second Oscar win was for Chariots of Fire (1981), directed by Hugh Hudson.
<Terrassa_FC>	Terrassa Futbol Club is a Spanish football team based in Terrassa, Barcelona, in the autonomous community of Catalonia. Founded in 1906 it currently plays in Segunda División RFEF – Group 3, holding home matches at Estadi Olímpic de Terrassa, with a capacity of 11,500 spectators.Terrassa's foundations were set in 1914, with the first regulations being created by the board of directors, presided by Narcís Freixa Ubach. Three years later the club played one of its first international matches, against FC Basel of Switzerland, also winning three trophies: Copa Ramón Torras, Copa del Día Gráfico and Copa Sport, playing (and winning) twice against FC Barcelona, 1–0 and 2–1.Terrassa won its first Copa Catalunya in 1925, and first reached Segunda División seventeen years later, although it would be immediately relegated for the following 11 seasons.
<Newport_railway_station_(IoWCR)>	Newport railway station was established in 1862 with the opening of the Cowes and Newport Railway. It was enlarged in December 1875 when the lines to Ryde and Ventnor were opened. The station was also used by the Freshwater, Yarmouth and Newport Railway from its opening in 1888 until 1913, when that company opened its own station nearby. Upon the formation of the Southern Railway in 1923 reverted to using this station. The station was closed by British Railways in 1966. It was then used as a base for the Wight Locomotive Society until January 1971, when it was demolished.Newport railway station was a pivotal station within the unique railway network on the Isle of Wight, that began in 1862 when the Cowes and Newport Railway opened for business. Situated in the centre of the town, the station was enlarged in 1875 with the opening of the Ryde and Newport Railway in December 1875, which also connected the station to Ventnor. Traffic was also increased with the opening of the branch to Sandown in 1879, by the Isle of Wight (Newport Junction) Railway. In July 1887 The Cowes and Newport Railway, the Ryde and Newport Railway, and the Isle of Wight (Newport Junction) Railway were merged to form the Isle of Wight Central Railway (IWCR).
<CE_Sabadell_FC>	Centre d'Esports Sabadell Futbol Club, S.A.D. (Catalan pronunciation: [ˈsentɾə ðəsˈpɔɾ(ts) səβəˈðeʎ fubˈbɔl ˈklup]) is a Spanish football team based in Sabadell, a city in the province of Barcelona in the autonomous community of Catalonia. Founded in 1903, it plays in Primera División RFEF – Group 2, holding home games at Estadi de la Nova Creu Alta.The side has competed in national leagues since 1928, gaining its first promotion to the Segunda División in 1933 and then the La Liga in 1944. Sabadell's longest spell in the top flight was from 1965 to 1972, and their most recent from 1986 to 1988. They have reached one Copa del Rey final, which they lost 3–0 to Sevilla in 1935.
<Frankie_Darro>	Frankie Darro (born Frank Johnson, Jr.; December 22, 1917 – December 25, 1976) was an American actor and later in his career a stuntman. He began his career as a child actor in silent films, progressed to lead roles and co-starring roles in adventure, western, dramatic, and comedy films, and later became a character actor and voice-over artist. He is perhaps best known for his role as Lampwick, the unlucky boy who turns into a donkey in Walt Disney's second animated feature, Pinocchio (1940). In early credits, his last name was spelled Darrow.Frankie Darro was born on Saturday, December 22, 1917, in Chicago, Illinois, as Frank Johnson, Jr. His parents, Frank Johnson, Sr. and his wife Ada, were known as The Flying Johnsons, a acrobatics and tightrope walking act with the Sells Floto Circus; it was a profession that his father attempted to train him in, and he cured Frankie's fear of heights by having him walk on a length of tightrope wire, gradually raising the height of it until his son had mastered the trick.
<Shin_Ae-ra>	Shin Ae-ra (born March 7, 1969) is a South Korean actress. She made her acting debut in 1989, and has since played leading roles in television dramas such as Love in Your Arms and Bad Housewife. She married actor Cha In-pyo in 1995, and the couple gained widespread approval and respect from the Korean public for being philanthropists. They are active volunteers at orphanages and welfare centers, as well as generous donors to causes such as the fight against child abuse and school violence, rights for North Korean refugees, and humanitarian aid to underprivileged children (particularly in North Korea and Uganda), often working with the organizations Compassion International and the Social Welfare Society.Shin gave birth to a son, Cha Jeong-min in 1998, but she and her husband made headlines when they adopted baby girls, Cha Ye-eun in 2005, and Cha Ye-jin in 2008. Their case highlighted the issue of adoption in Korea, where despite the prevalence of overseas adoption, domestic adoption is rare and stigmatized due to culturally held beliefs stressing "pure" blood lines. Shin and Cha's case was even more notable since Korean couples with biological children of their own rarely adopt, and they were lauded for serving as positive role models.
<BBVA_Foundation_Frontiers_of_Knowledge_Award>	The BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Awards (Spanish: Premios Fundación BBVA Fronteras del Conocimiento) are an international award programme recognizing significant contributions in the areas of scientific research and cultural creation. The categories that make up the Frontiers of Knowledge Awards respond to the knowledge map of the present age. As well as the fundamental knowledge that is at their core, they address developments in information and communication technologies, and interactions between biology and medicine, ecology and conservation biology, climate change, economics, humanities and social sciences, and, finally, contemporary musical creation and performance. Specific categories are reserved for developing knowledge fields of critical relevance to confront central challenges of the 21st century, as in the case of the two environmental awards.The awards were established in 2008, with the first set of winners receiving their prizes in 2009. The BBVA Foundation – belonging to financial group BBVA – is partnered in the scheme by the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC), the country's premier public research organization.There are eight award categories: basic science, biology and biomedicine, climate change, ecology and conservation biology, information and communications technologies, economics, finance and management, music and opera, humanities and social sciences (a new category in the 11th edition). Previously, in the first 10 editions, there was a category in development cooperation.
<Rob_Wagner>	Robert Leicester Wagner (August 2, 1872 – July 20, 1942) was the editor and publisher of Script, a weekly literary film magazine published in Beverly Hills, California, between 1929 and 1949.Rob Wagner was a magazine writer, screenwriter, director and artist before founding the liberal magazine that focused its coverage on the film industry and California and national politics. Its leftist leanings attracted many of the best artists and writers during the Depression.
<Kōri_Hisataka>	Masayoshi Kori Hisataka (久高 政祺 幸利, Hisataka Masayoshi Kōri, Seiki Kudaka in Okinawan; April 22, 1907 – August 14, 1988) was the founder of Shorinjiryu Kenkokan Karate.Born in Shuri (Naha City in Okinawa), he was a descendant of Seiwa, the 56th Emperor of Japan.  He studied karate, kobudo and jujutsu, most notably karate from Chotoku Kyan and weapons from kobudo pioneer (and former Prefectural police superintendent), Sanda Kanagusuku. He also learned the Kudaka family art of weapons known as Shishiryu, and the family art of Okinawa-te from his father (Seisei Kudaka), an uncle and his grandfather. Hisataka completed a period of service in the Japanese military.In August 1930, he toured Taiwan with Chotoku Kyan and Ryosei Kuwae demonstrating karate at the Taipei Butokuden and participating in a number of challenge matches.  Upon returning to Japan he studied judo at the Kodokan with Sanpo Toku and achieved 4th dan within a year of training. He studied kendo and competed at Police Department competitions.
<Lister_Petter>	Lister Petter is a British company that manufactures internal combustion engines for industry, a subsidiary of Teignmouth, England based Sleeman and Hawken.The company was formed in 1986, after owner Hawker Siddeley Group Plc merged Dursley, Gloucestershire based R A Lister and Company (acquired in 1965), with Yeovil, Somerset based Petters Limited (acquired in 1957).
<Hermann_Budzislawski>	Hermann Budzislawski (11 February 1901 – 28 April 1978; pseudonyms: Hermann Eschwege, Donald Bell) was a German journalist with a particular focus on economics and politics. As a young man in the 1930s, he came to prominence as editor in chief of the political weekly magazine Die Weltbühne during the publication's period in exile.   After 1945, he returned from a period of several years in New York City to resume his journalistic work and to become a radio commentator with Mitteldeutscher Rundfunk, based in Leipzig, where he also now pursued a successful career as a professor of media sciences at the university.Hermann Budzislawski was born in Berlin in 1901. His father was a master-butcher. As a child he attended the Boys' School of the Berlin Jewish community before progressing to senior school where he passed his School final exams (Abitur) in 1919.Budzislawski undertook his university-level education between 1919 and 1923 at Berlin, Würzburg und Tübingen, emerging with a doctorate in 1923 for a dissertation entitled "Eugenics: A contribution on the economics of human genes" (" Eugenik. Ein Beitrag zur Oekonomie der menschlichen Erbanlagen"), after which he worked for a period as a businessman.   He soon turned to journalism, in 1924/25 working as the editor for a Berlin-based publication called the "Industrial and Trade Review for India".  The next year 1925/26, found him working as a private tutor in Fiesole. 1926 was also the year in which Hermann Budzislawski married Johanna Levy.   Between 1926 and 1933 he worked as a correspondent for the Nachtexpress and Weltbühne, based in Berlin.
<Indra's_Net_(book)>	Indra's Net: Defending Hinduism's Philosophical Unity is a 2014 book by Rajiv Malhotra, an Indian-American author, philanthropist and public speaker, published by HarperCollins.The book is an appeal against the thesis of neo-Hinduism and a defense of Vivekananda's view of Yoga and Vedanta. The book argues for a unity, coherence, and continuity of the Yogic and Vedantic traditions of Hinduism and Hindu philosophy. It makes proposals for defending Hinduism from what the author considers to be unjust attacks from scholars, misguided public intellectuals, and hostile religious polemicists.A revised edition was published in 2016 after other scholars asserted plagiarism in the original edition.
<Matei_Basarab>	Matei Basarab (Romanian pronunciation: [maˈtej basaˈrab] (listen); 1588, Brâncoveni, Olt – 9 April 1654, Bucharest) was a Wallachian Voivode (Prince) between 1632 and 1654.Much of Matei's reign was spent fighting off incursions from Moldavia, which he successfully accomplished in 1637, 1639, and 1653 – see Battle of Finta.  He was an enlightened ruler, and is noted for introducing the printing press to Wallachia (1634) and creating the first Wallachian code of laws as well as patronizing art and religion (founder of the first upper school in his Principality). He built more than 45 churches and monasteries, being compared to Stephen the Great, the famous ruler of Moldavia.His election in 1632 signified the first official exception to a rule set by custom. Basarab was merely a boyar (of the Craiovești family) and one not related to previous Princes (although it seems that a similar point can be made about such rulers as Michael the Brave). The reason for this choice has been explained as a reaction of indigenous boyars against competition from newly infiltrated Greeks and Levantines. It may also be because of these special circumstances that Matei used the surname "Basarab" – associated as it is with a fabricated legitimate lineage. 
<The_Prime_Ministers>	The Prime Ministers: An Intimate Narrative of Israeli Leadership is a 2010 book written by Yehuda Avner and published by Toby Press. It documented events related to 4 Israeli prime ministers—Levi Eshkol, Golda Meir, Yitzhak Rabin and Menachem Begin. It was first published in Israel on 15 March 2010 and a wider publication was done on 1 September 2010. The book was well received by critics and was one of the finalists for the 2010 National Jewish Book Awards. In 2013, Moriah Films, the film division of the Simon Wiesenthal Center produced a two-part documentary based on the book that features Avner as the narrator, and Hollywood actors as the voices of Israel's prime ministers.Yehuda Avner had served as Israel's ambassador to Great Britain, Ireland and Australia. He has also been speechwriter and secretary to Levi Eshkol and Golda Meir before becoming adviser to Yitzhak Rabin, Menachem Begin and Shimon Peres. He had also worked with Rabin when he was serving as an ambassador to the United States. Impressed by Avner's writing skills, Begin called him "[his] Shakespeare." During his service he made notes and recorded several important events and conversations.Avner wrote that the book was not a "conventional biography or memoir". Text from a condolence letter written by Jehan Sadat, Anwar Sadat's widow to Begin in November 1982 after the latter's spouse had died, was also included. Begin wanted to publish a memoir titled From Destruction to Redemption. He considered Henry Kissinger, the only United States Secretary of State who "ever truly understood the Israel-Arab conflict". During a diplomatic meeting in Israel, one of Kissinger's friend from his schooldays in Germany, greeted him. Instead of replying, Kissinger ignored him. Then his friend, a psychiatrist by profession gave Avner an analysis of Kissinger's psychology. He explained that though Kissinger presented himself as a man of strong will and self-assurance but he had "a tendency to paranoia, and an excessive sense of failure". He also asked Avner to inform Rabin that "deep inside" Kissinger was "an insecure and paranoid Jew." Avner also included account of his conversation with an English baroness who told him that Margaret Thatcher had Jews in her cabinet because she was "most comfortable among the lower-middle class." Though initially Avner hesitated to work with Begin, he considered him "exceptional" among all the 4 prime ministers discussed. Rabin advised Avner to work with Begin, as he was "[his] kind of Jew".
<Albert_Medal_(Royal_Society_of_Arts)>	The Albert Medal of the Royal Society of Arts (RSA) was instituted in 1864 as a memorial to Prince Albert, who had been President of the Society for 18 years. It was first awarded in 1864 for "distinguished merit in promoting Arts, Manufactures and Commerce". In presenting the Medal, the Society now looks to acknowledge individuals, organizations and groups that lead progress and create positive change within contemporary society in areas that are linked closely to the Society's broad agenda.Through the Albert Medal, the Society acknowledges the creativity and innovation of those that work to tackle some of the world's intractable problems. Each year, the RSA identifies issues by asking the Society's Fellowship to suggest problems and subjects linked to the Society's programme. These proposals are reviewed and recommendations made to the Trustees and Council, who are responsible for selecting one upon which the Fellowship will be asked to nominate worthy recipients.
<Chu_Ching-wu>	Paul Ching Wu Chu (Chinese: 朱經武; born February 12, 1941) is a Chinese-American physicist specializing in superconductivity, magnetism, and dielectrics. He is a Professor of physics and T.L.L. Temple Chair of Science in the Physics Department at the University of Houston College of Natural Sciences and Mathematics. He was the President of the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology from 2001 to 2009. In 1987, he was one of the first scientists to demonstrate high-temperature superconductivity.Chu was born in Changsha, Hunan, Republic of China in 1941. Chu's family was from Taishan, Guangdong. Chu spent his childhood in Taiwan.In 1958, Chu graduated from Taiwan Provincial Cingshuei high school.
<Doris_Kearns_Goodwin>	Doris Helen Kearns Goodwin (born January 4, 1943) is an American biographer, historian, former sports journalist, and political commentator. She has written biographies of several U.S. presidents, including Lyndon Johnson and the American Dream; The Fitzgeralds and the Kennedys: An American Saga; Team of Rivals: The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln; and The Bully Pulpit: Theodore Roosevelt, William Howard Taft, and the Golden Age of Journalism. Goodwin's book No Ordinary Time: Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt: The Home Front in World War II won the Pulitzer Prize for History in 1995. Goodwin also produced the American television miniseries Washington. She was also executive producer of 'Abraham Lincoln,' a 2022 docudrama on the History Channel. This latter series was based on Goodwin's Leadership in Turbulent Times.Doris Helen Kearns was born in Brooklyn, New York, the daughter of Helen Witt (née Miller) and Michael Francis Aloysius Kearns. She has a sister, Jene Kearns. She was raised Catholic. Her paternal grandparents were Irish immigrants. She grew up in Rockville Centre, New York, where she graduated from South Side High School. She attended Colby College in Maine, where she was a member of Delta Delta Delta and Phi Beta Kappa, and graduated magna cum laude in 1964 with a Bachelor of Arts degree. She was awarded a Woodrow Wilson Fellowship in 1964 to pursue doctoral studies. In 1968, she earned a PhD in government from Harvard University, with a thesis titled "Prayer and Reapportionment: An Analysis of the Relationship between the Congress and the Court."
<Dana_Altman>	Dana Dean Altman (born June 16, 1958) is an American college basketball coach.  He is the head coach of the University of Oregon Ducks men's basketball team.  Previously he was head coach at Creighton, Kansas State and Marshall. Altman  has won conference coach of the year awards at each school he has coached, and has led his teams to 15 appearances in the  NCAA men's basketball tournament.Dana Altman began playing college basketball at Fairbury Junior College (now Southeast Community College) in Fairbury, Nebraska.  He earned an associate degree in business administration there in 1978.  He then received his undergraduate degree in the same field at Eastern New Mexico University in 1980.
<Jack_Davenport>	Jack Arthur Davenport (born 1 March 1973) is an English  actor. He is best known for his roles in the television series This Life and Coupling, and as James Norrington in the Pirates of the Caribbean series. He has also appeared in other Hollywood films, such as The Talented Mr. Ripley and Kingsman: The Secret Service. On television, Davenport is known for his roles in the ensemble drama series FlashForward, Smash, and The Morning Show as well as his leading role in the 2013 ITV drama series Breathless.
<Tasmina_Ahmed-Sheikh>	Tasmina Ahmed-Sheikh OBE WS NP (born 5 October 1970) is a Scottish politician who was the  Member of Parliament (MP) for Ochil and South Perthshire from 2015 to 2017. A former member of the Scottish National Party (SNP), Ahmed-Sheikh served as Trade and Investment spokesperson, Deputy Shadow Leader of the House in the House of Commons, and the SNP's National Women's and Equalities Convener.  A solicitor and businessperson, and a former actress, Ahmed-Sheikh founded and formerly chaired the Scottish Asian Women's Association.After losing her parliamentary seat, Ahmed-Sheikh started working at RT UK on The Alex Salmond Show. In March 2021 she defected from the SNP to the Alba Party and then stood as Alba's top list candidate in Central Scotland at the 2021 Scottish Parliament election, but neither she nor her party succeeded in gaining a seat.
<H._H._Franklin_Manufacturing_Company>	H. H. Franklin Manufacturing Company was founded in 1893 by industrialist Herbert H. Franklin in Syracuse, New York. The company specialized in machine die casting and produced small parts such as gears and bearing caps. It was the first company in the world in that enterprise.Franklin Manufacturing and its subsidiaries, except its aircraft engine branch, closed in 1934 due to bankruptcy.
<Day_of_Empire>	Day of Empire:  How Hyperpowers Rise to Global Dominance - and Why They Fall is a 2007 book by Yale Law School professor Amy Chua.The book discusses examples of "hyperpowers" throughout human history. The historicity and academic  rigor of this work has been questioned by graduates of the University of Wisconsin.[citation needed]
<Robert_Solow>	Robert Merton Solow, GCIH (/ˈsoʊloʊ/; born August 23, 1924) is an American economist whose work on the theory of economic growth culminated in the exogenous growth model named after him. He is currently Emeritus Institute Professor of Economics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he has been a professor since 1949. He was awarded the John Bates Clark Medal in 1961, the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences in 1987, and the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2014. Four of his PhD students, George Akerlof, Joseph Stiglitz, Peter Diamond and William Nordhaus later received Nobel Memorial Prizes in Economic Sciences in their own right.Robert Solow was born in Brooklyn, New York, into a Jewish family on August 23, 1924, the oldest of three children. He regarded his parents as being very intelligent despite their not being able to attend college due to the necessity to work. He was well educated in the neighborhood public schools and excelled academically early in life. In September 1940, Solow went to Harvard College with a scholarship at the age of 16. At Harvard, his first studies were in sociology and anthropology as well as elementary economics.In 1941, Solow left the university and joined the U.S. Army. Because he was fluent in German, the Army put him on a task force whose primary purpose was to intercept, interpret, and send back German messages to base. He served briefly in North Africa and Sicily, and later in Italy until he was discharged in August 1945. Shortly after returning, he proceeded to marry his girlfriend, Barbara Lewis, whom he had only been dating for six months.
<Guangzhou>	Guangzhou (UK: /ɡwæŋˈdʒoʊ/, US: /ɡwɒŋ-/; simplified Chinese: 广州; traditional Chinese: 廣州; pinyin: Guǎngzhōu; Cantonese pronunciation: [kʷɔ̌ːŋ.tsɐ̂u] or [kʷɔ̌ːŋ.tsɐ́u] (listen); Mandarin pronunciation: [kwàŋ tʂóu] (listen)), also known as Canton (/kænˈtɒn/) and alternatively romanized as Kwongchow or Kwangchow, is the capital and largest city of Guangdong province in southern China. Located on the Pearl River about 120 km (75 mi) north-northwest of Hong Kong and 145 km (90 mi) north of Macau, Guangzhou has a history of over 2,200 years and was a major terminus of the maritime Silk Road; it continues to serve as a major port and transportation hub as well as being one of China's three largest cities. For a long time, the only Chinese port accessible to  most foreign traders, Guangzhou was captured by the British during the First Opium War. No longer enjoying a monopoly after the war, it lost trade to other ports such as Hong Kong and Shanghai, but continued to serve as a major transshipment port. Due to a high urban population and large volumes of port traffic, Guangzhou is classified as a Large-Port Megacity, the largest type of port-city in the world. Due to worldwide travel restrictions at the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport, the major airport of Guangzhou, briefly became the world's busiest airport by passenger traffic in 2020.Guangzhou is at the heart of the Guangdong–Hong Kong–Macau Greater Bay Area, the most-populous built-up metropolitan area in the world, which extends into the neighboring cities of Foshan, Dongguan, Zhongshan, Shenzhen and part of Jiangmen, Huizhou, Zhuhai and Macau, forming the largest urban agglomeration on Earth with approximately 65,594,622 residents and part of the Pearl River Delta Economic Zone. Administratively, the city holds subprovincial status and is one of China's nine National Central Cities. In the late 1990s and early 2000s, nationals of sub-Saharan Africa who had initially settled in the Middle East and Southeast Asia moved in unprecedented numbers to Guangzhou in response to the 1997/98 Asian financial crisis. The domestic migrant population from other provinces of China in Guangzhou was 40% of the city's total population in 2008. Guangzhou has one of the most expensive real estate markets in China. As of the 2020 census, the registered population of the city's expansive administrative area was 18,676,605 individuals (up to 47% from the previous census in 2010) whom 16,492,590 lived in 9 urban districts (all but Conghua and Zengcheng). Guangzhou is the fifth most populous city by urban resident population in China after Shanghai, Beijing, Shenzhen and Chongqing.
<Jorge_Gotor>	Jorge Gotor Blas (born 14 April 1987) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for AD San Juan de Mozarrifar as a central defender.Born in Zaragoza, Aragon, Gotor graduated from the youth academy of local Real Zaragoza and made his senior debut with their reserves in the 2005–06 season, in Segunda División B. He went on to represent fellow league teams RCD Espanyol B, Real Murcia Imperial, Real Murcia, Getafe CF B, CD Atlético Baleares and CD Guijuelo.In the summer of 2014, Gotor moved abroad for the first time in his career and signed for Iraqi club Erbil SC alongside compatriot Borja Rubiato. Although he had a contract running until 25 January 2015, he left the country and returned to Spain in August following the bombings of the city.
<Harry_George_Drickamer>	Harry George Drickamer (November 19, 1918 – May 6, 2002), born Harold George Weidenthal, was a pioneer experimentalist in high-pressure studies of condensed matter. His work generally concerned understanding the electronic properties of matter.Drickamer was born in Cleveland, Ohio, USA, to Louise Weidenthal and Harold Weidenthal. His father died when Harry was very young, and after his mother remarried, Harry's stepfather adopted him. After graduating early from public schools in East Cleveland, he played minor league professional baseball in the Cleveland Indians farm system, then entered Vanderbilt University on a football scholarship. He soon transferred to Indiana University and then to the University of Michigan, where he received a B.S. in chemical engineering in 1941 and master's degree one year later.In 1942 Drickamer began work at the Pan American Refinery in Texas City, Texas. After his fellow students played a prank by forging his name on a sign-up sheet for the Ph.D. qualifying exam in chemical engineering, he decided to take the 16-hour exam. After he started work in Texas, he received word that he had passed. He then combined work with study of physics and quantum mechanics, and in February 1946 returned to the University of Michigan for one term to receive his Ph.D.
<Florida_International_University_College_of_Law>	The Florida International University College of Law is the law school of Florida International University, located in Miami, Florida in the United States. The law school is accredited by the American Bar Association, and is the only public law school in South Florida.Florida International University worked towards the creation of a public law school in South Florida for many years, beginning with the 1986 appointment of Modesto A. Maidique as University president. Maidique met resistance from the Florida Board of Regents, which had a number of graduates of other Florida law schools, and opposed the opening of any new public law schools in the state.  The establishment of this institution was finally realized in 2000, when Governor Jeb Bush pushed the project through the state legislature, along with the re-establishment of a law school at Florida A&M University.Shortly thereafter, the College of Law hired Leonard Strickman as its inaugural Dean.  Strickman, a Yale Law School graduate, had previously served as Dean of the Northern Illinois University College of Law and the University of Arkansas School of Law, and had been a member of the ABA Accreditation Committee during the 1990s, and had chaired 15 ABA accreditation site visits.
<William_Christian_Bullitt,_Jr.>	William Christian Bullitt Jr. (January 25, 1891 – February 15, 1967) was an American diplomat, journalist, and novelist. He is known for his special mission to negotiate with Lenin on behalf of the Paris Peace Conference, often recalled as a missed opportunity to normalize relations with the Bolsheviks. He was also the first U.S. ambassador to the Soviet Union and the U.S. ambassador to France during World War II. In his youth, he was considered a radical, but he later became an outspoken anticommunist.Bullitt was born to a prominent Philadelphia family, the son of Louisa Gross (née Horwitz) and William Christian Bullitt Sr. His grandfather was John Christian Bullitt, founder of the law firm today known as Drinker Biddle & Reath. His family was of French descent. His ancestor Joseph Boulet, a huguenot, had fled Nîmes in 1629.Bullitt's upbringing was cosmopolitan. Members of his family lived in the main European capitals, and he learned French and German at a very young age.
<SK_Rapid_Wien>	Sportklub Rapid Wien (German pronunciation: [ʁaˈpiːt ˈviːn]), commonly known as Rapid Vienna, is an Austrian football club playing in the country's capital city of Vienna. Rapid has won the most Austrian championship titles (32), including the first title in the season 1911–12, as well as a German championship in 1941 during Nazi rule. Rapid twice reached the final of the European Cup Winners' Cup in 1985 and 1996, losing on both occasions. The club is often known as Die Grün-Weißen (The Green-Whites) for its team colours or as Hütteldorfer, in reference to the location of the Gerhard Hanappi Stadium, which is in Hütteldorf, part of the city's 14th district in Penzing.The club was founded in 1897 as Erster Wiener Arbeiter-Fußball-Club (First Viennese Workers' Football Club). The team's original colours were red and blue, which are still often used in away matches. On 8 January 1899, the club was  (thanks to Wilhelm Goldschmidt ), taking on its present name of Sportklub Rapid Wien, following the example of Rapide Berlin. In 1904, the team colours were changed to green and white. The club won Austria's first ever national championship in 1911–12 by a single point, and retained the title the following season.
<El_Presidente_(film)>	El Presidente: General Emilio Aguinaldo Story and the First Philippine Republic, (Spanish: El Presidente: Historia del General Emilio Aguinaldo y la Primera República de Filipinas) or simply El Presidente (English: The President), is a 2012 biographical film written and directed by Mark Meily about the life of General Emilio Aguinaldo, the first president of the Philippine Republic. The film stars Jeorge "E.R." Ejercito Estregan in the title role, along with Nora Aunor, Christopher de Leon, Cristine Reyes, and Cesar Montano.The film was one of the official entries to the 2012 Metro Manila Film Festival and was released in theaters nationwide on December 25, 2012. Produced by Scenema Concept International, CMB Films and Viva Films, in cooperation with San Miguel Corporation, Petron Corporation, Boy Scouts of the Philippines, Las Casas Filipinas de Acúzar, and the Film Development Council of the Philippines, it premiered on December 18, 2012 at the SM Mall of Asia's SMX Convention Center.The story is told in flashbacks as Emilio Aguinaldo (E.R. Ejercito) thanks the United States government for giving him the opportunity to attend the full restoration of Philippine independence on July 4, 1946.
<Old_Trafford>	Old Trafford (/ˈtræfərd/) is a football stadium in Old Trafford, Greater Manchester, England, and the home of Manchester United. With a capacity of 74,310 it is the largest club football stadium (and second-largest football stadium overall after Wembley Stadium) in the United Kingdom, and the eleventh-largest in Europe. It is about 0.5 miles (800 m) from Old Trafford Cricket Ground and the adjacent tram stop.Nicknamed "The Theatre of Dreams" by Bobby Charlton, Old Trafford has been United's home ground since 1910, although from 1941 to 1949 the club shared Maine Road with local rivals Manchester City as a result of Second World War bomb damage. Old Trafford underwent several expansions in the 1990s and 2000s, including the addition of extra tiers to the North, West and East Stands, almost returning the stadium to its original capacity of 80,000. Future expansion is likely to involve the addition of a second tier to the South Stand, which would raise the capacity to around 88,000. The stadium's record attendance was recorded in 1939, when 76,962 spectators watched the FA Cup semi-final between Wolverhampton Wanderers and Grimsby Town.
<Roland_Corporation>	Roland Corporation (ローランド株式会社, Rōrando Kabushiki Kaisha) is a Japanese manufacturer of electronic musical instruments, electronic equipment, and software. It was founded by Ikutaro Kakehashi in Osaka on 18 April 1972. In 2005, its headquarters relocated to Hamamatsu in Shizuoka Prefecture. It has factories in Malaysia, Taiwan, Japan, and the United States. As of 31 March 2010, it employed 2,699 people. In 2014, it was subject to a management buyout by its CEO, Junichi Miki, supported by Taiyo Pacific Partners.Roland has manufactured numerous instruments that have had lasting impacts on music, such as the Juno-106 synthesizer, TB-303 bass synthesizer, and TR-808 and TR-909 drum machines. It was also instrumental in the development of MIDI, a standardized means of synchronizing electronic instruments manufactured by different companies. In 2016, Fact wrote that Roland had arguably had more influence on electronic music than any other company.Having created Ace Electronic Industries Inc in 1960, Ikutaro Kakehashi founded Roland in Osaka on April 18, 1972. While rival companies Moog and ARP targeted professional musicians and academics, Kakehashi, who had no musical training, wanted to appeal to amateurs and hobbyists, and focused on miniaturization, affordability, and simplicity.
<Aachen>	Aachen (/ˈɑːxən/ AH-khən; German: [ˈaːxn̩] (listen); Aachen dialect: Oche [ˈɔːxə]; French and traditional English: Aix-la-Chapelle;) is, with around 249,000 inhabitants, the 13th-largest city in North Rhine-Westphalia, and the 28th-largest city of Germany.It is the westernmost city in Germany, and borders Belgium and the Netherlands to the west, the triborder area. It is located between Maastricht (NL) and Liège (BE) in the west, and Bonn and Cologne in the east. The Wurm River flows through the city, and together with Mönchengladbach, Aachen is the only larger German city in the drainage basin of the Meuse. Aachen is the seat of the City Region Aachen (German: Städteregion Aachen).
<Derren_Litten>	Derren Ronald Litten (born 21 December 1970) is an English comedy writer and actor, best known as the creator and writer of the sitcom Benidorm. Litten also co-wrote The Catherine Tate Show, for which he both wrote and appeared as several different characters in the first two series and the 2005 Christmas Special. He has also acted in many comedy and drama series including Perfect World, French and Saunders, Spaced, EastEnders, Coronation Street, Pie in the Sky with Richard Griffiths.Litten's first sitcom was Benidorm, which began airing on ITV in 2007. The series follows various groups of holiday makers and staff in the all-inclusive Solana resort located in Benidorm. The series received strong ratings and later extended its runtime, running for 10 series ending in 2018.He wrote an episode of Not Going Out and is also the credited writer of an episode of the Only Fools and Horses spin-off The Green Green Grass. In 2000, he appeared in an episode of Heartbeat (series 10, episode 1).
<Mark_Grisanti>	Mark John Grisanti (born October 21, 1964) is an American lawyer, politician, and judge from New York. After being elected to the New York State Senate in District 60 as a Republican in 2010, Grisanti took office as a State Senator on January 3, 2011. Grisanti served in the State Senate from 2011 to 2014, when he was defeated in the Republican primary and in the general election. Grisanti was appointed to the New York State Court of Claims in May 2015 and later became an Acting Justice of the Supreme Court of the State of New York, Eighth Judicial District.Grisanti is notable as one of four Republican members of the New York State Senate that voted in favor of the Marriage Equality Act in 2011.Grisanti was raised in Buffalo as the youngest of six brothers and sisters. He graduated from Canisius College and Thomas M. Cooley Law School. After graduating from law school, Grisanti worked at the law firm that his grandfather had founded in 1921.
<BK_Häcken>	Bollklubben Häcken, more commonly known as BK Häcken or simply Häcken (Swedish pronunciation: [ˈhɛ̌kːɛn]), is a Swedish professional football club based in Gothenburg. It currently plays in Allsvenskan, the top tier of Swedish football. Formed on 2 August 1940, Häcken has played sixteen seasons in Allsvenskan, debuting in the league in 1983.The club is affiliated to Göteborgs Fotbollförbund and play their home games at Bravida Arena. The club colours, reflected in their crest and kit, are yellow and black.
<Bedford>	Bedford is a market town in Bedfordshire, England. At the 2011 Census, the population of the Bedford built-up area (including Biddenham and Kempston) was 106,940, making it the second-largest settlement in Bedfordshire, behind Luton, whilst the Borough of Bedford had a population of 157,479. Bedford is also the historic county town of Bedfordshire.Bedford was founded at a ford on the River Great Ouse and is thought to have been the burial place of King Offa of Mercia, who is remembered for building Offa's Dyke on the Welsh border. Bedford Castle was built by Henry I, although it was destroyed in 1224. Bedford was granted borough status in 1165 and has been represented in Parliament since 1265. It is known for its large population of Italian descent.
<Technicolor_SA>	Vantiva SA, formerly Technicolor SA, Thomson SARL, and Thomson Multimedia, is a French multinational corporation that provides creative services and technology products for the communication, media and entertainment industries. Vantiva's headquarters are located in Paris, France. Other main office locations include Los Angeles, California (US), New York, New York (US), London, England (UK), Bangalore, Karnataka (India) and Lawrenceville, Georgia (US).On January 27, 2010, Thomson Multimedia changed its name to Technicolor SA, re-branding the entire company after its US film technology subsidiary. Thomson's US subsidiary became Technicolor USA, Inc.
<Nalco_Holding_Company>	Nalco Water, an Ecolab Company, is an American Naperville, Illinois-based supplier of water, energy and air improvement solutions and services for industrial and institutional markets, owned by Ecolab. The company sells various products and services designed to reduce energy, water and other natural resource consumption, enhance air quality, minimize environmental releases and improve productivity and end products.The company was founded in 1928 as the National Aluminate Corporation, formed from the merger of Chicago Chemical Company and the Aluminum Sales Corporation. By a series of mergers and acquisition, its name was changed to Nalco Chemical Company (1959 - 1999); then Ondeo Nalco Company (1999 - 2004); and in 2004 to Nalco Holding Company. It became a subsidiary of Ecolab Inc. in December 2011 after the completion of the US$5.4 billion acquisition by Ecolab.Nalco Water serves more than 70,000 customers employing over 11,500 employees operating in over 130 countries.[citation needed] Among its products is Corexit - an oil dispersant widely used in the Deepwater Horizon oil spill.
<Elect_Mr._Robinson_for_a_Better_World>	Elect Mr. Robinson for a Better World is a 1993 novel by American author Donald Antrim. It is Antrim's first published novel.  The novel depicts the grisly, and occasionally surreal misadventures of a downsized schoolteacher, Pete Robinson, in a vaguely post-apocalyptic America.As the novel opens, Pete Robinson is supervising the drawing and quartering of the town's mayor by four automobiles.  We learn that Pete Robinson is an expert in the history of torture, with special emphasis on the inquisition, and that he was formerly an elementary schoolteacher before the local school system was entirely defunded.  Pete's ambition to run for mayor after resurrecting the local educational system under his own administration—and the thwarting of this ambition—are major elements of the novel's plot.  Other elements of the plot include Pete's thwarted attempts to bury pieces of the former Mayor's body in Egyptological rituals, and his wife Meredith's growing detachment as she becomes more involved in ichthyomorphic trances in which she transforms herself into a coelacanth, or ancient fish.The novel has no chapter breaks, and has been called a "picaresque of comic surrealism."  However Jeffrey Eugenides writes: 
<MixRadio>	MixRadio was an online music streaming service owned by Line Corporation. The service was first introduced by Nokia in 2011 as Nokia Music for Windows Phone, serving as a successor to Nokia's previous Nokia Music Store/Comes with Music/Ovi Music Store initiatives, which was based on the LoudEye/OD2 platform. After its acquisition of Nokia's mobile phone business, the service was briefly maintained by Microsoft Mobile Oy before it was sold to Japanese internet company Line Corporation in 2015. Following the acquisition, MixRadio expanded to Android and iOS in May 2015.On 16 February 2016, Line announced that MixRadio would be discontinued, citing "a careful assessment of the subsidiary's overall performance" and "the financial challenges posed by the music streaming market".
<Alan_Ruck>	Alan Douglas Ruck (born July 1, 1956) is an American actor. He is best known for portraying Cameron Frye, Ferris Bueller's best friend, in John Hughes's film Ferris Bueller's Day Off (1986); Stuart Bondek, a lecherous, power-hungry member of the mayor's staff in the ABC sitcom Spin City; and Connor Roy, the eldest son of a media magnate, in the HBO series Succession. His other notable parts include those in Bad Boys (1983), Three Fugitives (1989), Young Guns II (1990), Speed (1994), and Twister (1996). In 2016, he co-starred with Geena Davis in an updated Fox TV adaptation of William Peter Blatty's best-selling novel The Exorcist.Ruck was born in Cleveland, Ohio, to a schoolteacher mother and a father who worked for a pharmaceutical company. He attended Parma Senior High School in Parma, Ohio, and graduated from the University of Illinois with a B.F.A. in drama in 1979. He recalled:After school, I went up to Chicago, because I didn't really know anybody in New York or Los Angeles, and I knew people who were doing plays in Chicago. So I went up there, and I knocked around a little bit. And I guess about a year after I was out of school, I got my first job.
<Francisco_Tito_Yupanqui>	Francisco Tito Yupanqui (1550–1616) was an indigenous sculptor of the Viceroyalty of Peru. He sculptured renowned  Roman Catholic wood statues such as the Blessed Virgin Mary in what is now Bolivia, known as Our Lady of Candles (also known as Our Lady of Copacabana), one of the most celebrated Marian images located at Lake Titicaca in Bolivia.Yupanqui was born in Copacabana of Tola and Francisco Tito Yupanqui Sr. His family were Anansayas, or descendants of Quechua people who relocated to Copacabana with the Inca. He came from a family recently converted to Roman Catholicism by the Dominican priests but like many of the time, retained some of the Aymara religious beliefs.Under the influence of the Dominicans, Yupanqui's monotheistic beliefs increased while studying religion and started admiring the works of European religious art. Legend has it that one night, a beautiful woman carrying in her arms a child appeared in the fourth month of the Indian calendar and was charged with the task of making the image. This image later became known as Nuestra Senora de Virgen de la Candelaria or Our Virgin Lady of the Candles. Father Antonio Montoro, who was the presiding parish priest at the time insisted that the image of the virgin be likened to European faces, but Yupanqui insisted that the face of the statue be likened that to the native people of Bolivia.
<Maryann_Plunkett>	Maryann Plunkett (born c. 1953) is an American actress and singer. Plunkett has performed on the stage both on Broadway and Off-Broadway. She has appeared in the entire play cycle of Richard Nelson's Apple Family Plays. In 1987, she won the Tony Award for Best Leading Actress in a Musical for her performance as Sally Smith in Me and My Girl.Plunkett graduated from the University of New Hampshire, and was a founding member of Portland Stage repertory company in Maine.She played on Broadway as Bernadette Peters's replacement in the role of "Dot" in Sunday in the Park with George in 1985.
<Les_Craig>	Leslie "Les" Craig CMG (23 November 1892 – 9 February 1966) was an Australian politician who was a member of the Legislative Council of Western Australia from 1934 to 1956, representing South-West Province.Craig was born in York, a town in Western Australia's Wheatbelt region. He was educated at Hale School, in Perth, and later at Melbourne Grammar School. Craig enlisted in the Australian Imperial Force in October 1914, and served with the 10th Light Horse Regiment in the Gallipoli Campaign. He was wounded in action in August 1915, which resulted in the amputation of his left leg. After returning to Australia, Craig farmed at Balingup, where he had a Border Leicester sheep-stud, and later at Dardanup. At the 1927 state election, he contested the seat of Bunbury for the Nationalist Party, but lost to the sitting member, Labor's Frederick Withers.
<St._Anselm's_Church_(Bronx,_New_York)>	The Church of St. Anselm is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York, located at 685 Tinton Avenue in the Mott Haven neighborhood of the Bronx in New York City. It was established in 1891 and is staffed by the Order of Augustinian Recollects. Previously it was staffed by the Benedictine monks.The present church was built 1918 in the Byzantine Revival style. Its design is inspired by the Hagia Sophia in Istanbul, Turkey.  It is an approximately two-story brick building topped by a large dome surrounded by a series of smaller domes.  The designs was credited to Gustave Steinback and his noted ecclesiastical architectural firm by the AIA Guide to NYC (1978) and according to Steinback's own claim to the American Institute of Architects for its registry filings. However, the AIA Guide to NYC (2010) has revised the architect of the design to Anton Kloster. Other guides have also attributed the work to Kloster. It is possible that Kloster worked for Steinback at the time.The church interior, supported by Romanesque Corinthian marble columns, is decorated with geometric mosaics. Art historian Annie Labatt sees the influence of the Archbasilica of St. John Lateran in the apse.
<Roberto_Giachetti>	Roberto Giachetti (born 24 April 1961) is an Italian politician, member of Italia Viva and of the Transnational Radical Party. He has been a member of the Italian Chamber of Deputies since 2001.Roberto Giachetti was born in Rome in 1961. As a student, he was an activist of center-left libertarian Radical Party (PR), and worked with Radio Radicale. When the Radical Party was dissolved, Giachetti joined the Italian Greens and was elected a district councillor in Rome. In 1993, Mayor of Rome Francesco Rutelli appointed him director of his mayoral cabinet (Italian: capo di gabinetto).Along with Rutelli, he left the Federation of the Greens (FdV) in 1999 to join the newly-launched Democrats party; in 2002, he was one of the founders of The Daisy (La Margherita; DL), born from the merger of the Democrats and the PPI. During the same year, he became municipal secretary of The Daisy in Rome and was first elected to the Chamber of Deputies. In The Daisy, Giachetti was a member of the Rutelliani faction, pushing to model the party after the U.S. Democratic Party. He was confirmed for re-election in the 2006 Italian general election, backed from the centre-left coalition The Olive Tree, and in the 2008 general election, in the ranks of the just formed Democratic Party (PD).
<Madrid>	Madrid (/məˈdrɪd/ mə-DRID, Spanish: [maˈðɾið]) is the capital and most populous city of Spain. The city has almost 3.4 million inhabitants and a metropolitan area population of approximately 6.7 million. It is the second-largest city in the European Union (EU), and its monocentric metropolitan area is the third-largest in the EU. The municipality covers 604.3 km2 (233.3 sq mi) geographical area.Madrid lies on the River Manzanares in the central part of the Iberian Peninsula. Capital city of both Spain (almost without interruption since 1561) and the surrounding autonomous community of Madrid (since 1983), it is also the political, economic and cultural centre of the country. The city is situated on an elevated plain about 300 km (190 mi) from the closest seaside location. The climate of Madrid features hot summers and cool winters.
<Northwestern_University>	Northwestern University is a private research university in Evanston, Illinois. Founded in 1851, Northwestern is the oldest chartered university in Illinois and is ranked among the most prestigious academic institutions in the world.Chartered by the Illinois General Assembly in 1851, Northwestern was established to serve the former Northwest Territory. The university was initially affiliated with the Methodist Episcopal Church but later became non-sectarian. By 1900, the university was the third largest university in the United States.  In 1896, Northwestern became a founding member of the Big Ten Conference, and joined the Association of American Universities as an early member in 1917. 
<Han_Han>	Han Han (born September 23, 1982) is a Chinese best-selling author, professional rally driver, singer, creator of Party, One (App magazine) and China's most popular blogger. He has published seven novels to date, and is represented by the Hong Kong-based Peony Literary Agency. He is also involved in music production. In May 2010, Han Han was named one of the most influential people in the world by Time magazine. In September 2010, British magazine New Statesman listed Han Han at 48th place in the list of "The World's 50 Most Influential Figures 2010". In June 2010, Han Han was interviewed by CNN as China's rebel writer who has become the unofficial voice for his generation.Han's first essay, Unhappy Days (不快乐地混日子), was published when he was attending junior middle school.  He was admitted to Shanghai's Song Jiang No. 2 High School (上海市松江二中) based on his sporting achievements.  During his first year of high school (1999), Han won first prize in China's New Concept Writing Competition with his essay, Seeing Ourselves in a Cup (杯中窥人), on the Chinese national character.  Failing seven subjects at the year-end examination, Han was retained for a year in school.  This incident was reported in the media and ignited a heated debate on China's "quality education" (素质教育) policy, whether holistic or specialised learning should be implemented in schools, and other educational issues.  Following another seven subject failure in the senior middle school second year examinations, Han quit school.After dropping out of school, Han worked on a series of essays – One Degree Below Freezing (零下一度), Press Release 2003 (通稿 2003), And I Drift (就这么漂来漂去), and Miscellaneous Essays (杂的文).  His essays were accepted into various publications.  Han's first novel, Triple Door (三重门), on life as a third-year junior school student in Shanghai, raised his prominence in China outside Shanghai.  With over twenty million copies printed, this novel is China's bestselling literary work in the last 20 years.  Other novels – Like a Speeding Youth (像少年啦飞驰), Riot in Chang'an City (长安乱), A Fortress (一座城池), Glory Days (光荣日), His Kingdom (他的国) were also published during this time.
<BMW_Z3>	The BMW Z3 is a range of two-seater sports cars which was produced from 1995 to 2002. The body styles of the range are:The Z3 was based on the E36 3 Series platform, while using the rear semi-trailing arm suspension design of the older E30 3 Series. It is the first mass-produced Z Series car.
<Tim_Clutton-Brock>	Timothy Hugh Clutton-Brock FRS (born 13 August 1946)[citation needed] is a British zoologist known for his comparative studies of the behavioural ecology of mammals, particularly red deer and meerkats.Clutton-Brock was educated at the University of Cambridge where he was awarded a PhD in 1972.
<Cleveland_Tigers_(NFL)>	The Cleveland Tigers were the first Cleveland team franchise in what became the National Football League (NFL). The Tigers played in the "Ohio League" before joining the American Professional Football Association (later renamed the National Football League in 1922) during the 1920 and 1921 seasons.The Cleveland Indians football team was originally established in 1916 and played in the Ohio League. The team was formed after the Massillon Tigers raided the Akron Indians roster in 1915 and took away many of their star players. That year Peggy Parratt, the Akron Indians player-coach formed the Cleveland Indians with several former ex-Akron Indians players and a few new ex-college players. Despite a winning record, the 1916 Indians season was disappointing, losing twice to the Canton Bulldogs, who were led by Jim Thorpe, and splitting a pair of games with the Columbus Panhandles.In 1920, when owners of professional teams organized a more structured league, Jimmy O'Donnell, a local sports promoter, obtained the Cleveland franchise. O'Donnell, also the owner of a semi-pro baseball team called the Tigers, was aided in his football venture by Stan Cofall, a football star at Notre Dame from 1914 to 1916, and with the Massillon Tigers. Cofall helped re-organize the Cleveland team in 1919 and, along with O'Donnell attended the September 1920 meeting in Canton, Ohio that founded the American Professional Football Association, which became the NFL the following year. For the first half of the 1920 season, Cofall was the Tigers' player-coach; he was also elected vice-president of the new league.
<Janet_Kagan>	Janet Kagan (born Janet Megson, April 18, 1946 – February 29, 2008) was an American author. Her works include two science fiction novels and two science fiction collections, plus numerous science fiction and fantasy short stories that appeared in publications such as Analog Science Fiction and Fact and Asimov's Science Fiction. Her story "The Nutcracker Coup" was nominated for both the Hugo Award for Best Novelette and the Nebula Award for Best Novelette, winning the Hugo.Kagan won the Asimov's Reader Poll award for best Novelette in 1990 for "The Loch Moose Monster", in 1991 for "Getting the Bugs Out" and in 1993 for "The Nutcracker Coup", which also won the 1993 Hugo award.
<Harry_Hayden>	Harry Hayden (8 November 1882 – 24 July 1955) was a Canadian-American actor. He was a highly prolific actor, with more than 280 screen credits.Born in Canada in 1882, Hayden was slight, greying at the temples and wore glasses, and the characters he played were often small-town store proprietors, hotel managers, city attorneys, bankers and minor bureaucrats, frequently officious or snooping.
<Maureen_Orth>	Maureen Orth is an American journalist, author, and a Special Correspondent for Vanity Fair magazine. She is the founder of Marina Orth Foundation, which has established a model education program in Colombia emphasizing technology, English, and leadership  She is the widow of TV journalist Tim Russert.Orth’s research was the basis of multi-episode documentaries and television films about Woody Allen, Michael Jackson and Andrew Cunanan.Maureen Orth grew up in the Bay Area of California, the daughter of Helen (Pierotti) Orth and Karl Orth. She has two siblings, Christina Orth and the late Dan Orth.
<Wrocław_Opera>	The Wrocław Opera (Polish: Opera Wrocławska) is an opera company and opera house in the Old Town of Wrocław, Poland. The opera house was opened in 1841 and up to 1945 was named after the city's then German name, Oper Breslau.An Italian opera company was established in Breslau in 1725 by Antonio Maria Peruzzi, following a split with Antonio Denzio with whom he had collaborated in the Peruzzi-Denzio company at the Sporck theatre in Prague. The Theater on the Cold Ashes was opened in 1755 by Franz von Schuch (1716–1764) and performed operas till his death in 1764. His son, Schuch the younger, brought the first operas of Johann Adam Hiller to the Theodor Lobe's theatre in Breslau in 1770. His successor Johann Christian Wäser introduced more, including local Singspiel translations of works by Pierre-Alexandre Monsigny. In 1804 Abbé Vogler invited Carl Maria von Weber to conduct the Breslau Opera when he was only 18. The opera house was constructed in 1841 to designs by Carl Gotthard Langhans, supervised by his son Carl Ferdinand. It was remodeled twice after fires in 1865 by Carl Johann Lüdecke [de] and 1871 by Karl Schmidt. After the first fire, Theodor Lobe in 1867 invited the young conductor Ernst Schuch (1846–1914) to begin his career at the theatre.After World War I notable productions during the interwar years included Schönberg's Die glückliche Hand (1928). The music directors in this period included Franz von Hoesslin who was forced to leave the city, and Germany, in 1928.
<Disney_Legends>	Coordinates: 34°9′29.65″N 118°19′35″W﻿ / ﻿34.1582361°N 118.32639°W﻿ / 34.1582361; -118.32639The Disney Legends Awards is a Hall of Fame program that recognizes individuals who have made an extraordinary and integral contribution to The Walt Disney Company. Established in 1987, the honor was traditionally awarded annually during a special private ceremony. Today, it has been awarded biennially during Disney's D23 Expo since 2009.Having been honoured in 1998, Glynis Johns currently holds the record for the oldest living and longest surviving Disney Legend.
<Dean_Leacock>	Dean Leacock (born 10 June 1984) is an English professional footballer who plays for Lowestoft Town. He is primarily  a centre-back, but he can also play as a right back or a defensive midfielder.Born in Croydon, London, Leacock signed his first professional contract on a three-year deal. At the time, he was known as an up-and-coming central defender, tipped by many to become the new Rio Ferdinand. Leacock made his professional debut as an eighteen-year-old for Fulham in a League Cup defeat against Wigan Athletic on 4 December 2002. After playing in another League Cup defeat by Wigan on 23 September 2003, Leacock made his Premier League debut in a 2–0 win over Blackburn Rovers on 28 September 2003. He made four consecutive league appearances for Fulham before his run in the team was cut short when he tore knee ligaments in the pre-match warm up before Fulham's 3–1 over Manchester United on 25 October 2003. The injury ruled him out for the season. Despite the injury, Leacock signed a new deal with Fulham until 2006.
<Jill_Latiano>	Jill Latiano (born September 17, 1980) is an American actress, model, dancer, and television personality.Latiano began her career in 1999 as a dancer for the New York Knicks. From 2003 to 2005, she was the host of the NYC Media series Fashion in Focus. She made her acting debut in an episode of Sex and the City in 2004. She has guest starred in Rescue Me, CSI: NY, Ugly Betty, Drake & Josh, Moonlight, and Community. She appeared in the films Epic Movie (2007), Lower Learning (2008), Fired Up (2009), and the psychological thriller Kalamity (2010).Latiano married Glenn Howerton on September 8, 2009. She also guest starred in Howerton's series It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, playing a love interest to his character in the episode "The D.E.N.N.I.S. System." Their first child, Miles Robert, was born on September 12, 2011. The couple had a second son in August 2014 whom they named Isley Ray. Her father Bob Latiano died in 2016 at the age of 71 and the eighth episode of the twelfth season of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia was dedicated in his memory.
<Ledcor_Group_of_Companies>	Ledcor Group of Companies is an employee-owned, diversified, and vertically-integrated construction company operating primarily in Canada and United States. Ledcor operates in a wide range of industries including the construction of buildings and civil infrastructure, technical services such as communication networks, forestry, mining, property development and management, transportation, marine operations, and several energy projects including oil, gas, and Liquefied Natural Gas.Ledcor has been responsible for building several of Canada's large-scale construction projects. In 2012, construction of The Bow was completed - Alberta's largest building. Ledcor also completed the construction of British Columbia's largest building, Vancouver's Shangri-La Hotel, in 2008.Ledcor is also one of North America's pioneers in the Green Building industry. They are a founding member of the Canada Green Building Council and a longtime member of the U.S. Green Building Council. In 2014, the VanDusen Botanical Garden Visitors Centre, a Ledcor project, was named Sustainable Building of the Year by the World Architecture News.
<Thurston_County_Courthouse_(Pender,_Nebraska)>	Thurston County Courthouse in Pender, Nebraska is a Late Victorian style building.  It has also been known as 2nd Thurston County Courthouse and Pender School.  It was built as a school in 1895 and was converted to a courthouse in 1927.  Architect J.F. Reynolds of Sioux City, Iowa designed the conversion.The 1927 conversion created permanent courthouse space adequate for the court, which was desirable to settle dispute within the county about the county seat's proper location.  Pender, established in 1884, has always been the county seat of Thurston County, established in 1889, but during the early 1900s the town of Walthill struggled to obtain the seat instead.  The First Thurston County Courthouse (also NRHP-listed) had inadequate space and the county leased additional space from the nearby Palace Hotel.  As part of promoting a county seat change, Walthill proponents sued the county commissioners to dispute the leasing arrangement in a case that won in a lower court and then went up to the Nebraska Supreme Court, which upheld the leasing arrangement and reversed the lower court decision.  Walthill also pursued a petition drive which failed after Pender advocates established that there was fraud in obtaining signatures.  The controversy included other charges back and forth, and went on during 1909 and 1910.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1990.
<Martin_Schwarzschild>	Martin Schwarzschild (May 31, 1912 – April 10, 1997) was a German-American astrophysicist.Schwarzschild was born in Potsdam into a distinguished German Jewish academic family. His father was the physicist Karl Schwarzschild and his uncle the astrophysicist Robert Emden. His sister, Agathe Thornton, became a classics scholar in New Zealand.In line with a request in his father's will, his family moved to Göttingen in 1916. Schwarzschild studied at the University of Göttingen and took his doctoral examination in December 1936. He left Germany in 1936 for Norway and then the United States.Schwarzschild served in the US army intelligence. He was awarded the Legion of Merit and the Bronze Star for his wartime service. After returning to the US, he married fellow astronomer BarbaraCherry.In 1947, Martin Schwarzschild joined his lifelong friend, Lyman Spitzer at Princeton University. Spitzer died 10 days before Schwarzschild.
<UCL_Medical_School>	UCL Medical School is the medical school of University College London (UCL) and is located in London, United Kingdom. The School provides a wide range of undergraduate and postgraduate medical education programmes and also has a medical education research unit and an education consultancy unit.  It is internationally renowned and is currently ranked 7th in the world by the QS World University Rankings 2022.UCL has offered education in medicine since 1834. The currently configured and titled medical school was established in 2008 following mergers between UCLH Medical School and the medical school of the Middlesex Hospital (in 1987) and The Royal Free Hospital Medical School (in 1998).The School's clinical teaching is primarily conducted at University College Hospital, The Royal Free Hospital and the Whittington Hospital, with other associated teaching hospitals including the Great Ormond Street Hospital, Moorfields Eye Hospital, the National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery and the Royal National Throat, Nose and Ear Hospital,  Royal National Orthopaedic Hospital and Luton and Dunstable University Hospital.
<4.48_Psychosis>	4.48 Psychosis is the final play by British playwright Sarah Kane. It was her last work, first staged at the Royal Court's Jerwood Theatre Upstairs on 23 June 2000, directed by James Macdonald, nearly one and a half years after Kane's death on 20 February 1999. The play has no explicit characters or stage directions. Stage productions of the play vary greatly, therefore, with between one and several actors in performance; the original production featured three actors. According to Kane's friend and fellow-playwright David Greig, the title of the play derives from the time, 4:48 a.m., when Kane, in her depressed state, often woke.The play is usually interpreted as an expression of the experience of clinical depression, a disorder from which Kane suffered. She died by suicide after writing the play, before its initial performance. Contemplation and discussion of suicide are prominent and while there is no strict narrative or timeline, certain issues and events are clearly dealt with: deciding whether to take medication to treat depression, the desires of the depressed mind, the effects and effectiveness of medication, self-harm, suicide and the possible causes of depression. Other themes that run throughout the script, in addition to depression, are those of isolation, dependency, relationships, and love.
<Mary_Clark_Thompson_Medal>	The Mary Clark Thompson Medalis awarded by the U.S. National Academy of Sciences "for most important service to geology and paleontology." Named after Mary Clark Thompson and first awarded in 1921, it was originally presented every three years together with a $15,000 prize.From 2017 the medal will be awarded alternately with the Daniel Giraud Elliot Medal as the triennial NAS Award in the Evolution of Earth and Life. The Elliot Medal will recognise meritorious work in zoology or paleontology whilst the Mary Clark Thompson Medal will continue to honour important services to geology and paleontology. Each medal will be presented with a $20,000 prize.Source: NAS
<Charles_Bertram>	Charles Julius Bertram (1723–1765) was an English expatriate in Denmark who "discovered"—and presumably wrote—The Description of Britain (Latin: De Situ Britanniae), an 18th-century literary forgery purporting to be a mediaeval work on history that remained undetected for over a century. In that time, it was highly influential for the reconstruction of the history of Roman Britain and contemporary Scotland, to the extent of appearing in Gibbon's Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire and being used to direct William Roy's initial Ordnance Survey maps. Bertram "discovered" the manuscript around the age of 24 and spent the rest of his life a successful academic and author. Scholars contested various aspects of the Description, but it was not recognized as an unquestionable forgery until 1846.Charles Bertram was born in London in 1723. He was the son of an English silk dyer who was usually accounted to have emigrated to Copenhagen, Denmark, among the retinue of Princess Louisa, a daughter of George II, upon her marriage to Crown Prince Frederick of Denmark in 1743. (The prince became King Frederick V three years later.) Other sources suggest the father immigrated earlier, in 1738. The father established himself as a hosier in 1744, and Charles seems to have benefited from the warm reception that Louisa and her retinue received from the Danes. On 5 July 1747, Charles petitioned the University of Copenhagen's Consortium for admission to study history, antiquities, philosophy, and mathematics. This seems to have been granted, although students were generally required to adhere to the Danish Church and Bertram remained Anglican. He became a friend and protégé of Hans Gram, the royal librarian and a member of the privy council. On 23 March 1748, Bertram petitioned the king to be permitted to give public lectures on the English language and became a teacher of English in the Royal Marine Academy in Copenhagen. (Some accounts[which?] name him as a professor, rather than a tutor; if so, that status would have been granted some years later, as he was a new undergraduate in 1747.) His 1749 chrestomathy An Essay on the Excellency and Style of the English Tongue has been called the initiation of English-language printing in Denmark. A brother apparently died at sea in 1752, and at some point he married Cathrine Marie Gold.
<Paul_Steinhardt>	Paul Joseph Steinhardt (born December 25, 1952) is an American theoretical physicist whose principal research is in cosmology and condensed matter physics. He is currently the Albert Einstein Professor in Science at Princeton University, where he is on the faculty of both the Departments of Physics and of Astrophysical Sciences.Steinhardt is best known for his development of new theories of the origin, evolution and future of the universe. He is also well known for his exploration of a new form of matter, known as quasicrystals, which were thought to exist only as man-made materials until he co-discovered the first known natural quasicrystal in a museum sample. He subsequently led a separate team that followed up that discovery with several more examples of natural quasicrystals recovered from the wilds of the Kamchatka Peninsula in far eastern Russia. Several years later, he and collaborators reported the accidental synthesis of a previously unknown type of quasicrystal in the remnants of the first atomic bomb test on July 16, 1945, at Alamagordo, New Mexico.He has written two popular books on these topics. Endless Universe: Beyond the Big Bang (2007), co-authored with Neil Turok, describes the early struggles in challenging the widely accepted big bang theory and the subsequent development of the bouncing or cyclic theories of the universe, which are currently being explored and tested. The Second Kind of Impossible: The Extraordinary Quest for a New Form of Matter (2019) recounts the story of quasicrystals from his invention of the concept with his then-student Dov Levine, to his expedition to far eastern Russia to recover meteorite fragments containing natural quasicrystal grains formed billions of years ago.
<George_Henderson_(architect)>	George Henderson (3 October 1846 – 24 March 1905) was a British architect.Born at 8 Duke Street in Edinburgh (later renamed Dublin Street), Henderson was the son of architect John Henderson and Hannah Matilda Exley. From 1858–1861 he attended the Royal High School, Edinburgh. He then studied architecture under his father, but his studies were cut short when his father died in June 1862. His education was completed under architect David Cousin who inherited his father's architecture firm.
<G.D._Chaves>	Grupo Desportivo de Chaves, commonly known as Chaves (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈʃavɨʃ] (listen)), is a Portuguese football club from Chaves currently playing in the Primeira Liga. They were founded in 1949 and currently play at Estádio Municipal de Chaves. Their home kit is red-and-blue striped shirt with blue shorts and socks, and the away kit is all white. Their current president is Bruno Carvalho and their manager is Ricardo Soares. Chaves have been in the Portuguese First Division 13 times and had their best finish of fifth-place in the 1989–90 season. They went to Europe in the 1987–88 season, where they played in the UEFA Cup, beating Romanian side Universitatea Craiova in the first round and losing to Hungarian team Budapest Honvéd in the next round.Grupo Desportivo de Chaves was founded on 27 September 1949 and is one of the most experienced teams in the Portuguese Second Division, not just because of its old culture, but also many years in the top-flight Primeira Liga, doing quite well and playing in European tournaments, such as the UEFA Cup. Their best ever finish was in the Primeira Liga when they finished fifth in both 1986–87 and 1989–90. In the 1986–87 season, meanwhile, they had fantastic results, beating Sporting Clube de Portugal 2–1 at home in a memorable night at the Estádio Municipal de Chaves. After those fantastic seasons, they finished sixth, seventh and ninth before getting relegated in the 1992–93 season to the Liga de Honra. They returned for another few seasons but then again suffered relegation to the Liga de Honra until 2007, where they eventually got relegated to the Portuguese Second Division: Série A. In the previous season of 2007–08, they finished in fourth place, just missing out on promotion.After a series of great results in 2008–09 that granted the team the lead of Série A, Chaves finally achieved promotion to the second-flight Liga de Honra with an aggregate 1–0 win over Penafiel, the winner of the Portuguese Second Division: Série B in a semi-final playoff. In the playoff final, it was between Chaves and Fátima, in which both were guaranteed promotion to the Liga de Honra, with the final set to determine the champions. Fátima won the match 2–1. Chaves spent the following three years in the third division before being crowned Segunda Divisão champions in 2012–13, thus gaining promotion back to the Segunda Liga. After missing out on promotion to the first division during a thrilling final day of the 2014–15 season, Chaves were promoted the following season back to the top-flight Primeira Liga for the first time in 17 years.
<Ukraine_national_under-16_football_team>	The Ukraine national under-16 football team is controlled by the Football Federation of Ukraine.The team participated in tournaments like the Aegean Cup since its formation after the dissolution of the Soviet Union.As of 30 January 2006
<Macy's,_Inc.>	Macy's, Inc. (originally Federated Department Stores, Inc.) is an American conglomerate holding company founded by Xavier Warren in 1929. Upon its establishment, Federated held ownership of the regional department store chains Abraham & Straus, Lazarus, Filene's, and Shillito's. Bloomingdale's joined Federated Department Stores the following year. Throughout its early history, frequent acquisitions and divestitures saw the company operate a number of nameplates. In 1994, Federated took over the department store chain Macy's. With the acquisition of The May Department Stores Company in 2005, the regional nameplates were retired and replaced by the Macy's and Bloomingdale's brands nationwide by 2006. Ultimately, Federated itself was renamed Macy's, Inc. in 2007.Macy's, Inc., has been headquartered within Macy's Herald Square in New York City since 2020; beforehand, its headquarters was in Cincinnati, Ohio. While Federated had a long history of preserving brand identities in each of their markets since its inception in 1929, it universally applied the Macy's name to most their department store chains in 2006. It operates the subsidiaries Macy's, Bloomingdale's, and the beauty store chain Bluemercury, all of which have a flagship store located in the New York City borough of Manhattan. As of October 29, 2022, the company operated 722 locations (783 boxes, including 540 full-line boxes) in the United States, Guam, and Puerto Rico. Its namesake locations and related operations account for 90% of its revenue. According to Deloitte, Macy's, Inc. is the world's largest fashion goods retailer and the 36th largest retailer overall, based on the company's reported 2010 retail sales revenue of $25 billion (equivalent to $31.1 billion in 2021).Federated Department Stores traces its corporate lineage to F&R Lazarus & Company, founded in Columbus, Ohio, in 1851. In the summer of  1929, months before the Wall Street Crash of 1929, Fred Lazarus Jr. met with Walter N. Rothschild from Abraham & Straus of Brooklyn and Edward Filene from Filene's of Boston on Rothschild's yacht in Long Island Sound. The three businessmen agreed to merge their stores and form Federated Department Stores, as a department store holding company for F&R Lazarus & Company (including its Cincinnati division, then known as Shillito's), Abraham & Straus, and William Filene's Sons of Boston. In 1930, Bloomingdale Brothers of New York joined.
<Ricky_McEvoy>	Richard Patrick "Ricky" McEvoy (born 6 August 1967 in Gibraltar) is an Gibraltarian born Irish retired footballer.A schoolboys international from Patrician College Finglas McEvoy along with Martin Russell helped his school win the Leinster Junior Schools Cup and the All Ireland Colleges Junior title for the first time in 1983. McEvoy scoring in both finals.He was spotted by Luton scout Eddie Cochrane while playing for the national schoolboy team.
<Discovery_Communications>	Discovery, Inc. was an American multinational mass media factual television conglomerate based in New York City. Established in 1985, the company operated a group of factual and lifestyle television brands, such as the namesake Discovery Channel, Animal Planet, Science Channel, and TLC. In 2018, the company acquired Scripps Networks Interactive, adding networks such as Food Network, HGTV, and Travel Channel to its portfolio. Since the purchase, Discovery described itself as serving members of "passionate" audiences, and also placed a larger focus on streaming services built around its properties.Discovery owned or had interests in local versions of its channel brands in international markets, in addition to its other major regional operations such as Eurosport (a pan-European group of sports channels, most prominently the rightsholder of the Olympic Games throughout most of Europe), GolfTV (an international golf-focused streaming service, which is the international digital rightsholder of the PGA Tour), Discovery Communications Nordic (which operates general-interest channels in Norway, Sweden, Denmark and Finland), TVN Group in Poland, and a portfolio of various free-to-air channels in Germany, Italy, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom.
<Legia_Warsaw>	Legia Warszawa (Polish: [ˈlɛɡʲja varˈʂava]), commonly referred to as Legia Warsaw or simply Legia, is a professional football club based in Warsaw, Poland. Legia is the most successful Polish football club in history, winning record 15 Ekstraklasa champions titles, a record 19 Polish Cup and four Polish SuperCup trophies. The club's home venue is the Polish Army Stadium (Stadion Wojska Polskiego). Legia is the only Polish club never to have been relegated from the top flight of Polish football since World War II (see: 1936 Legia Warsaw season).Legia was formed between 5 and 15 March 1916 during military operations in World War I on the Eastern Front, as the main football club of the Polish Legions. After the war, the club was reactivated on 14 March 1920 in an officer casino in Warsaw as Wojskowy Klub Sportowy Warszawa, renamed Legia in 1923 after merger with another local club, Korona. It became the main official football club of the Polish Army – Wojskowy Klub Sportowy Legia Warszawa (lit. 'Military Sports Club Legia Warsaw'). From 1949 to 1957, Legia was known as CWKS Warszawa (lit. 'Central Military Sports Club Warsaw')
<Werner_Krauss_(academic)>	Werner Krauss (7 June 1900 - 28 August 1976) was a German university professor (Romance studies).During the 1940s he became a political activist and resistance fighter against the Nazi regime. In 1943 he was found guilty of preparing to commit high treason and condemned to death.   Following the intervention of influential fellow-intellectuals the sentence was commuted to a five-year prison term in 1944.Werner Krauss was the son of the archivist-scholar Rudolf Krauss [de] and his wife, born Ottilie Schüle.   Werner's mother's sister was the mother of Eberhard Koebel.   In June 1918 Werner Krauss successfully completed his schooling at the Eberhard-Ludwigs-Gymnasium in Stuttgart, after which he was conscripted into the wartime army.
<The_Boy_in_the_Tree>	The Boy in the Tree (Swedish: Pojken i trädet) is a 1961 Swedish drama film written and directed by Arne Sucksdorff, starring Tomas Bolme, Anders Henrikson, Heinz Hopf and Björn Gustafson. It tells the story of a troubled 16-year-old boy who seeks liberation in nature and teams up with two poachers.The film was released in Swedish cinemas on 25 September 1961.
<Kasangga_Mo_Ang_Langit>	Kasangga Mo ang Langit (English: You're Up Against the Sky) is a current affairs program which airs the different issues in the Philippines. Kasangga Mo ang Langit is aired back-to-back with companion show Biyaheng Langit every Saturday at 2:00 pm to 3:00 pm PST over Net 25. and is produced by Heavenly Images Productions for Television, Inc. And also on a Live Radio and TV program is hosted by Rey Langit and his sons Reyster Langit and JR Langit also via Radyo Agila which airs every Monday to Friday at 8:00 am to 10:00 am.The show has been hosted by Rey Langit after his failed senatorial bid in the 1998 Presidential Elections through the Partido ng Demokratikong Reporma–Lapiang Manggagawa (Reporma–LM). His first co-host was the late Reyster Langit, who died of heart failure due to cerebral malaria, a disease he contracted in Palawan while he was on assignment. He was replaced by his brother, Reynante "JR" Langit, Jr.
<Andrew_M._Gleason>	Andrew Mattei Gleason (1921–2008) was an American mathematician who made fundamental contributions to widely varied areas of mathematics, including the solution of Hilbert's fifth problem, and was a leader in reform and innovation in math­e­mat­ics teaching at all levels. Gleason's theorem in quantum logic and the Greenwood–Gleason graph, an important example in Ramsey theory, are named for him.As a young World War II naval officer, Gleason broke German and Japanese military codes. After the war he spent his entire academic career at Harvard University, from which he retired in 1992. His numerous academic and scholarly leadership posts included chairmanship of the Harvard Mathematics Department and the Harvard Society of Fellows, and presidency of the American Mathematical Society. He continued to advise the United States government on cryptographic security, and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts on math­e­mat­ics education for children, almost until the end of his life.
<Stumbling_on_Happiness>	Stumbling on Happiness is a nonfiction book by Daniel Gilbert, published in the United States and Canada in 2006 by Knopf. It has been translated into more than thirty languages and is a New York Times bestseller.Gilbert's central thesis is that, through perception and cognitive biases, people imagine the future poorly, in particular what will make them happy. He argues that imagination fails in three ways:Also, Gilbert covers the topic of 'filling in' or the frequent use of patterns, by the mind, to connect events which we do actually recall with other events we expect or anticipate fit into the expected experience.  This 'filling in' is also used by our eyes and optic nerves to remove our blind spot or scotoma, and instead substitute what our mind expects to be present in the blind spot.
<SCUM_Manifesto>	SCUM Manifesto is a radical feminist manifesto by Valerie Solanas, published in 1967. It argues that men have ruined the world, and that it is up to women to fix it. To achieve this goal, it suggests the formation of SCUM, an organization dedicated to overthrowing society and eliminating the male sex. The Manifesto has been described as a satire or parody, especially due to its parallels with Freud's theory of femininity, though this is disputed, even by Solanas herself.The term "SCUM" appeared on the cover of the first edition from Olympia Press as "S.C.U.M." and was said to stand for "Society for Cutting Up Men". Solanas objected, insisting that it was not an acronym, although the expanded term appeared in a Village Voice ad she had written in 1967.The Manifesto was little-known until Solanas attempted to murder Andy Warhol in 1968. This event brought significant public attention to the Manifesto and Solanas herself. While feminist Ti-Grace Atkinson defended Solanas and considered the Manifesto a valid criticism of patriarchy, others, such as Betty Friedan, considered Solanas' views to be too radical and polarizing.
<Mildred_Davis>	Mildred Hillary Davis (February 22, 1901[citation needed] – August 18, 1969) was an American actress who appeared in fifteen of Harold Lloyd's classic silent comedies and eventually married him.The daughter of Howard Beckett Davis, she was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and educated at the Friends School in Philadelphia. After several years spent studying, she traveled to Los Angeles in the hopes of securing a role in a film. After appearing in several small roles, she caught the attention of Hal Roach, who pointed her out to comedian Lloyd. He was looking for a leading lady to replace Bebe Daniels, and cast Davis in his comedy short From Hand to Mouth in 1919. It would be the first of fifteen films they would star in together.On February 10, 1923, she married Lloyd. After their marriage, Lloyd announced that Davis would not appear in any more motion pictures. After much persuasion on Davis' part, and much grief, she received Lloyd's consent for her return to the screen in Too Many Crooks, which Lloyd produced through his production company.  It was the only acting role she undertook after her marriage.
<C'est_si_bon>	"C'est si bon" (pronounced [sɛ si bɔ̃]; transl. "It's so good") is a French popular song composed in 1947 by Henri Betti with the lyrics by André Hornez. The English lyrics were written in 1949 by Jerry Seelen. The song has been adapted in several languages.In July 1947, Henri Betti was in Nice and on his way to join his father in the center of town to play a game of bridge. Passing under the arcades of the avenue de la Victoire he stopped in front of the window of a Scandale lingerie shop and it was there that the first nine musical notes of the song came into his head: F, E, E♭, F, G, A, G, F, D. He wrote the notes on a sheet of music paper so that he would remember them. Once back home at 52 rue des Ponchettes, he composed the melody in less than ten minutes. He then went up to Paris and made an appointment with the lyricist André Hornez at the Hôtel Grand Powers at 52 rue François Ier to find a title for his song. André Hornez said that the title should be three syllables, sung to the first three notes of the song. The next day the lyricist showed Henri Betti a list of ten three-syllable titles, the last of which was C'est si bon. Henri Betti told him that that was the one he wanted but André Hornez pointed out that there had been a song by Charles Trenet written for the movie Frederica named "C'est bon" a few years previously. Henri Betti told him that si made all the difference. The song was registered at the SACEM on 18 August 1947.
<Anita_K._Jones>	Anita Katherine Jones (born March 10, 1942) is an American computer scientist and former U.S. government official.  She was Director, Defense Research and Engineering from 1993 to 1997.Jones was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering (1994) for contributions to the theory and implementation of software systems and for extensive public service.Jones' father, a petroleum engineer, encouraged her to pursue a career that would make a difference in the world. He taught her to play chess, helped her on geometry problems, and on weekends took her and her younger brother fishing for catfish, red snapper, and trout on Galveston Bay. Jones' mother, who had trained as a ballerina and danced in several Hollywood films, taught her daughter a love of painting.
<Gustave_Eiffel>	Alexandre Gustave Eiffel (born Bonickhausen dit Eiffel; /ˈaɪfəl/; French pronunciation: ​[ɛfɛl]; 15 December 1832 – 27 December 1923) was a French civil engineer. A graduate of École Centrale des Arts et Manufactures, he made his name with various bridges for the French railway network, most famously the Garabit Viaduct. He is best known for the world-famous Eiffel Tower, designed by his company and built for the 1889 Universal Exposition in Paris, and his contribution to building the Statue of Liberty in New York. After his retirement from engineering, Eiffel focused on research into meteorology and aerodynamics, making significant contributions in both fields.Alexandre Gustave Eiffel was born in France, in the Côte-d'Or, the first child of Catherine-Mélanie (née Moneuse) and Alexandre Bonickhausen dit Eiffel. He was a descendant of Marguerite Frédérique (née Lideriz) and Jean-René Bönickhausen and who had emigrated from the German town of Marmagen and settled in Paris at the beginning of the 19th century. The family adopted the name Eiffel as a reference to the Eifel mountains in the region from which they had come. Although the family always used the name Eiffel, Gustave's name was registered at birth as Bonickhausen dit Eiffel,  and was not formally changed to Eiffel until 1880.
<Jubilee_(novel)>	Jubilee (1966) is a historical novel written by Margaret Walker, which focuses on the story of a biracial slave during the American Civil War. It is set in Georgia and later in various parts of Alabama in the mid-19th century before, during, and after the Civil War.Jubilee is the semi-fictional story of Vyry Brown, based on the life of author Margaret Walker's great-grandmother, Margaret Duggans Ware Brown. Vyry Brown is a mixed-race slave—the unacknowledged daughter of her master—who is born on the Dutton plantation in Georgia. The novel follows her experiences from early childhood to adult life.The story of Vyry's life in the novel spans three major periods of American history: Slavery, the Civil War, and Reconstruction.
<Wang_Anyi>	Wang Anyi (born 6 March 1954) is a Chinese writer, vice-chair of the China Writers Association since 2006, and professor in Chinese Literature at Fudan University since 2004.Wang widely write novels, novellas, short stories and essays with diverse themes and topics. The majority of her works are set in Shanghai, where she lived and worked for the majority of her life. Wang also regularly writes about the countryside in Anhui, where she was "sent down" during the Cultural Revolution. Her works have been translated into English, German and French, and studied as zhiqing (educated youth), xungen (roots-searching), Haipai (Shanghai style), and dushi (urban, cosmopolitan) literature.Wang was born in Nanjing in 1954, but moved to Shanghai with her mother when she was a year old. Under the influence of her parents, she liked literature very much in childhood. After the Cultural Revolution, her parents were sent to labor camps. She read a large number of foreign works, Including Turgenev, Tolstoy, Gorky, Pushkin, Tazma and other writers classic works.
<June_Haver>	June Haver (born Beverly June Stovenour, June 10, 1926 – July 4, 2005) was an American film actress, singer, and dancer. Once groomed by 20th Century Fox to be "the next Betty Grable", Haver appeared in a string of musicals, but she never achieved Grable's popularity. Haver's second husband was the actor Fred MacMurray, whom she married after she retired from show business.Born Beverly June Stovenour, June Haver was born in Rock Island, Illinois and later took the surname of her stepfather, Bert Haver. Because her mother Maria Haver (née Carter) was an actress and her father Fred Christian Stovenour was a musician, Haver often considered which of the two careers she wanted to follow. After the family moved to Ohio, seven-year-old Haver entered and won a contest of the Cincinnati Conservatory of Music. At age eight, she won a film test by imitating famous actresses including Greta Garbo, Katharine Hepburn, and Helen Hayes, but her mother prohibited her from becoming a child actress because she felt that June was too young to work in the film industry.When Haver was 10, the family moved back to Rock Island, where she began performing for Rudy Vallée and became a well-known child star on the radio. She worked regularly as a band singer by the time she was in her teens, performing with the Ted Fio Rito Orchestra for $75 a week. She also worked with bandleaders Dick Jurgens and Freddy Martin.
<Michael_J._Fox>	Michael Andrew Fox OC (born June 9, 1961), known professionally as Michael J. Fox, is a Canadian-American retired actor. Beginning his career in the 1970s, he rose to prominence portraying Alex P. Keaton on the NBC sitcom Family Ties (1982–1989). Fox is famous for his role as protagonist Marty McFly in the Back to the Future film trilogy (1985–1990), a critical and commercial success. He went on to headline several films throughout the 1980s and 90s, including Teen Wolf (1985), The Secret of My Success (1987), Casualties of War (1989), Doc Hollywood (1991), and The Frighteners (1996). Fox returned to television on the ABC sitcom Spin City in the lead role of Mike Flaherty from 1996 to 2000.In 1998, Fox disclosed his 1991 diagnosis of Parkinson's disease. He subsequently became an advocate for finding a cure and founded the Michael J. Fox Foundation in 2000 to help fund research. Worsening symptoms forced Fox to reduce his activities and led to his return to television in Spin City when he was still a major movie star. He continued to make guest appearances on television, including recurring roles on the FX comedy-drama Rescue Me (2009) and the CBS legal drama The Good Wife (2010–2016) that garnered him critical acclaim. He voiced the lead roles in the Stuart Little films (1999–2005) and the animated film Atlantis: The Lost Empire (2001). His final major role was on the NBC sitcom The Michael J. Fox Show (2013–2014). Fox retired in 2020 due to his declining health.
<Knowing_God>	Knowing God is a book by J. I. Packer, a British-born Canadian Christian theologian. It is his best-known work, having sold over 1,000,000 copies in North America alone. Originally written as a series of articles for the Evangelical Magazine, it was first published as a book in 1973 and has been reprinted several times. In 2006, the influential evangelical magazine Christianity Today listed it as fifth on their list of "The Top 50 Books That Have Shaped Evangelicals".In the book, Packer explores the character of God as revealed in the Bible and what he believes are the correct Christian responses to it, with chapters on such topics as God's love, grace, majesty and wrath.
<Goldenhurst_Farm>	Goldenhurst Farm (now Goldenhurst Manor and The Old House, Goldenhurst)  is a country house of 17th century origins in the village of Aldington, Kent. From 1926 to 1956, it was the country home of Noël Coward.  It is a Grade II listed building.Coward found the property after placing an advert in the Kentish Times and receiving only one reply.  Initially renting the farm from a Mr Body, Coward bought it in 1927.  In extensive rebuilding and renovation in 1927–9, he linked together "the farmhouse, the square edifice, one of the barns and an adjoining cottage" to create a substantial country house.
<Russell_Young_(artist)>	Russell Young (born 13 March 1959) is a British-American artist best known for large silkscreen paintings using imagery drawn from recent history and popular culture. Young's artistic output includes painting, screen printing, sculpture, installations and film.Young studied photography, film and graphic design at the University of Chester and later attended Exeter College of Art and Design. He moved to London and gained recognition photographing the early live club shows in the late 1970s of Bauhaus, R.E.M. and the Smiths, and with editorial work for magazines including BLITZ, which featured on several front covers. During this period he shot portraits of Morrissey, Björk, Bruce Springsteen, Bob Dylan, New Order, Diana Ross, and Paul Newman. In 1986, he shot the ‘Faith’ sleeve for George Michael. In the following ten years he directed many music videos, working with artists ranging from the Brand New Heavies to Eartha Kitt.
<The_Eldorado>	The El Dorado (also spelled the Eldorado) is a cooperative apartment building at 300 Central Park West, between 90th and 91st Streets adjacent to Central Park, on the Upper West Side of Manhattan in New York City. It was constructed from 1929 to 1931 and was designed by architect of record Margon & Holder and consulting architect Emery Roth in the Art Deco style. The El Dorado is 30 stories tall, with twin towers rising from a 19-story base. The building is a contributing property to the Central Park West Historic District, listed on the National Register of Historic Places, and is a New York City designated landmark.The base contains several small setbacks to comply with the 1916 Zoning Resolution. Two towers rise from the eastern portion of the base above the 19th story. On Central Park West, the first three stories are clad in cast stone, and the main entrance consists of three angular bronze archways. The remainder of the facade is made of tan and brown brick, which are arranged to emphasize the vertical lines of the facade. Some of the upper-story apartments contain angular stone balconies, and the tops of the towers are ornamented with sculpted finials. When the El Dorado opened, it contained 200 apartments with 1,500 rooms, though some apartments have since been split or combined. The main lobby is decorated in marble, and a gym in the building's two basement levels was added in the 1990s.
<WAQZ>	WAQZ was the alternative rock FM radio station in the Cincinnati, Ohio area for the most part of 15 years, from 1991 to 2006. Throughout its history, the station was broadcast at 107.1 FM from 1991 to 1998, and it was broadcast at 97.3 FM from 2000 to 2006.The station was known as Channel Z from 1993 to 1998 and again from 2000 to 2003, New Rock 97.3 from 2003 to 2005, and finally 97.3 Everything Alternative in 2006.  WAQZ went off the air on November 9, 2006, replaced by another alternative rock station, WSWD, from 2006 to 2009.The independently owned WOXY (97X), based in Oxford, Ohio, was the first alternative station in the region, as it launched in 1983. However, WOXY's signal did not serve the entire Cincinnati area, so some listeners could not pick up the signal. In the early 1990s, as bands like Nirvana, Pearl Jam, Stone Temple Pilots, and Green Day dominated the music scene, there was an increasing demand for a higher-powered alternative station to serve all of Greater Cincinnati.
<Joseph_Slepian>	Joseph Slepian (February 11, 1891 – December 19, 1969)was an American electrical engineer known for his contributions to the developments of electrical apparatus and theory.Born in Boston, MA of Jewish Russian immigrants, he studied mathematics at Harvard University, from which he was awarded  a B.Sc. (1911), a M.Sc. (1912) and Ph.D. on the thesis On the Functions of a Complex Variable Defined by an Ordinary Differential Equation of the First Order and First Degree advised by George Birkhoff (1913).  Meanwhile, he also worked at Boston Elevated Railway.After his Ph.D., he became  Sheldon fellow at University of Göttingen in Germany, was at University of Sorbonne in Paris, before becoming instructor of mathematics at Cornell University (1915).He joined Westinghouse Electric in East Pittsburgh (1916)  in the railway motor department initially, moving tothe research department (1917) at Forest Hills (PA) where he became head (1922), consulting engineer (1926) and associate director(1938–1956) and developed over two hundred patents.  Slepian did significant groundwork for the betatron (1927).He received the IEEE Edison Medal (1947) for his work onthe autovalve lightning arrester, deion circuit breaker, and ignitron.
<Santa_Barbara,_California>	Santa Barbara (Spanish: Santa Bárbara, meaning "Saint Barbara") is a coastal city in Santa Barbara County, California, of which it is also the county seat. Situated on a south-facing section of coastline, the longest such section on the West Coast of the United States, the city lies between the steeply rising Santa Ynez Mountains and the Pacific Ocean. Santa Barbara's climate is often described as Mediterranean, and the city has been dubbed "The American Riviera". According to the 2020 U.S. Census, the city's population was 88,665.In addition to being a popular tourist and resort destination, the city has a diverse economy that includes a large service sector, education, technology, health care, finance, agriculture, manufacturing, and local government. In 2004, the service sector accounted for 35% of local employment. Education in particular is well represented, with four institutions of higher learning nearby: the University of California, Santa Barbara, Santa Barbara City College, Westmont College, and Antioch University. The city is served by Santa Barbara Airport and train service is provided by Amtrak, which operates the Pacific Surfliner, which runs from San Diego to San Luis Obispo. The Santa Barbara area is connected via U.S. Highway 101 to Los Angeles 100 mi (160 km) to the southeast and San Francisco 325 mi (525 km) to the northwest. Behind the city, in and beyond the Santa Ynez Mountains, is the Los Padres National Forest, which contains several remote wilderness areas. Channel Islands National Park and Channel Islands National Marine Sanctuary are located approximately 20 miles (30 km) offshore.
<Nakayama_Hakudō>	Nakayama Hakudō (中山 博道, February 11, 1872 - December 14, 1958), also known as Nakayama Hiromichi, was a Japanese martial artist and founder of the iaidō style Musō Shinden-ryū.  Received hanshi (master instructor) ranks in kendō, iaidō, and jōdō from the All Japan Kendo Federation. In addition, he held an instructor's license in Shintō Musō-ryū and a Menkyo kaiden in Shindō Munen-ryū making him the 7th sōke of that system. Nakayama was also one of the masters of the Shimomura-ha Musō Shinden Eishin-ryū, iaijutsu.Nakayama was born in 1872 in Kanazawa City, Ishikawa Prefecture, Japan. He moved to Tokyo when he was 19 years old and entered the dōjō of Negishi Shingorō of the Shindō Munen-ryū. In time, Nakayama became a master of Shindō Munen-ryū kenjutsu. He taught at the Yushinkan Dojo, near Koishikawa-Kōrakuen in Tokyo, and he trained many of the top swordsmen of his day. He was a personal friend of aikido founder Morihei Ueshiba, and he was instrumental in arranging the marriage between his student Kiyoshi Nakakura and Ueshiba's daughter, Matsuko. He also was the teacher of Ueshiba's student Minoru Mochizuki, developer of the Yoseikan dojo. Nakayama also taught kendo and Iaido to Gigō Funakoshi, third son of Shotokan karate founder Gichin Funakoshi, who gave his father´s karate a more Japanese flavour by adding kendo and Iaido based training exercises and technical improvements based on his swordsmanship training.
<Cheung_Yin-tung>	Cheung Yin-tung (Chinese: 張賢登; born 1 May 1964) is a Hong Kong politician. He is the former secretary and treasurer of the Democratic Party and former member of the Yuen Long District Council.He was a New Territories indigenous resident born in Yuen Long in 1964. He participated in student activism when he was younger and was chairman of the 32nd standing committee of the Hong Kong Federation of Students (HKFS) and led protests in support of the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 in Beijing.
<Mollie_Sugden>	Mary Isobel Sugden (21 July 1922 – 1 July 2009), known professionally as Mollie Sugden was an English actress. She was best known for being an original cast member in the British sitcom Are You Being Served? (1972–1985) as senior saleswoman Mrs. Slocombe and appeared reprising the character in the AYBS spin-off Grace & Favour (1992–1993). She is also well known for playing Nellie Harvey in Coronation Street (1965–1976), Mrs Hutchinson in The Liver Birds (1971–1996), Ida Willis in That's My Boy (1981–1986) and Nora Powers in My Husband and I (1987–1988).
<Georgia_Engel>	Georgia Bright Engel (July 28, 1948 – April 12, 2019) was an American actress. She is best known for having played Georgette Franklin Baxter in the sitcom The Mary Tyler Moore Show from 1972 to 1977, Pat MacDougall on Everybody Loves Raymond from 2003 to 2005 and Mamie Sue on Hot in Cleveland from 2012 to 2015  She was nominated for five Primetime Emmy Awards.Georgia Engel was born in Washington, D.C., the daughter of Ruth Caroline (née Hendron) and Benjamin Franklin Engel, who was a Vice Admiral in the United States Coast Guard. Engel attended the Kodiak Island Borough School District, Walter Johnson High School, and the Academy of the Washington Ballet from which she graduated. She earned her theater degree from the University of Hawaii at Manoa.After college, Engel appeared in musical productions with Washington's American Light Opera Company. She moved to New York City in 1969, appearing off-Broadway in Lend an Ear, and for a year as Minnie Fay in the Broadway production of Hello, Dolly!, starting in December 1969. A 1971 off-Broadway production of The House of Blue Leaves eventually played in Los Angeles, where Engel was seen by Mary Tyler Moore and her husband, producer Grant Tinker, her soon-to-be employers.
<Pulitzer_Prize>	The Pulitzer Prize (/ˈpʊlɪtsər/) is an award for achievements in newspaper, magazine, online journalism, literature, and musical composition within the United States. It was established in 1917 by provisions in the will of Joseph Pulitzer, who had made his fortune as a newspaper publisher, and is administered by Columbia University. Prizes are awarded annually in twenty-one categories. In twenty of the categories, each winner receives a certificate and a US$15,000 cash award (raised from $10,000 in 2017). The winner in the public service category is awarded a gold medal.The Pulitzer Prize does not automatically consider all applicable works in the media, but only those that have specifically been entered. (There is a $75 entry fee, for each desired entry category.) Entries must fit in at least one of the specific prize categories, and cannot simply gain entrance for being literary or musical. Works can also be entered only in a maximum of two categories, regardless of their properties.
<Antv>	ANTV (stylised antv, formerly spelled ANteve before 2003) is an Indonesian free-to-air television network based in South Jakarta. It is owned by Visi Media Asia, a unit of Bakrie Group.PT Cakrawala Andalas Televisi, operating as ANTV was launched on 1 January 1993 as a local television station in Lampung province. In the same month it was awarded a government license for nationwide broadcasting, and moved its studio to Jakarta. The first programming it produced itself was live coverage of the general session of the People's Consultative Assembly on 1 March 1993.On 29 September 2005, STAR TV (then-owned by Rupert Murdoch's first incarnation of News Corporation) bought a 20% stake in ANTV. Under Indonesian law, foreign companies can only have a 20% stake in local media companies. ANTV has 37 relay stations covering 155 cities across Indonesia and reaches 130 million people.
<Réseau_Ferré_de_France>	Réseau ferré de France (RFF, French: French Rail Network) was a French company which owned and maintained the French national railway network from 1997 to 2014. The company was formed with the rail assets of SNCF in 1997. Afterwards, the trains were operated by the SNCF, the national railway company, but due to European Union Directive 91/440, the Government of France was required to separate train operations from the railway infrastructure. On 1 January 2015, RFF became SNCF Réseau, the operational assets of SNCF became SNCF Mobilités, and both groups were placed under the control of SNCF.Unlike other infrastructure managers, RFF did not provide maintenance services or rail traffic control operations, which were both done by SNCF Infra on RFF's behalf. Furthermore, SNCF retained the ownership of stations. In September 2013, RFF had over €32 billion of debt.The RFF was constituted with SNCF's infrastructure assets, and debts were transferred from SNCF's books to RFF's.  RFF was mainly a financial structure focusing on debt refinancing, and contracted the majority of its infrastructure management to SNCF. Signalling on RFF infrastructure was implemented and maintained by SNCF.
<Irrational_Games>	Irrational Games (known as 2K Boston between 2007 and 2009) was an American video game developer founded in 1997 by three former employees of Looking Glass Studios: Ken Levine, Jonathan Chey, and Robert Fermier. Take-Two Interactive acquired the studio in 2006. The studio was known for its games System Shock 2, Freedom Force, SWAT 4, and most notably, two of the games in the BioShock series. In 2014, following the release of BioShock Infinite, Levine opted to significantly restructure the studio from around 90 to 15 employees and focus more on narrative games. In February 2017, the studio announced that it had been rebranded as Ghost Story Games and considered a fresh start from the original Irrational name, though still operating at the same business subsidiary under Take-Two.Shortly after BioShock was released, rumors arose that many of the staff who had worked on the game were leaving 2K Boston/Australia. In 2007, five members of the 2K Boston team moved to a new 2K studio in Novato, California. Soon after, 2K announced the formation of 2K Marin in Novato.
<C.D._Aves>	Clube Desportivo das Aves (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈklub(ɨ) dɨʃpuɾˈtivu dɐʃ ˈavɨʃ]), commonly known as Desportivo das Aves, or simply as Aves, is a Portuguese professional football club based in Vila das Aves, Santo Tirso. The club was founded on 12 November 1930 and plays at the Estádio do Clube Desportivo das Aves, which holds a seating capacity of 8,560.As a sports club, it has football schools for junior players and two futsal teams for both men and women, as well as a football trial system to help younger players come through the academy. The club's official supporters' group are the Força Avense.
<Eric_Haze>	Eric Haze (born in 1961) is an American artist, graphic designer and art director.Eric Haze was born in 1961 in New York City to progressive parents of the Upper West Side. Haze was drawn to art through his father's friend's pop art collection and meeting Elaine de Kooning who gave Haze oil paints while she painted a portrait of Haze and his sister in 1971.In 1972, Haze began writing graffiti throughout New York City. In 1974, he started showing his art publicly, later exhibiting paintings and drawings alongside friends Keith Haring and Jean-Michel Basquiat in the 1980s.  As part of the seminal New York City collective “The Soul Artists”, Haze was one of the original pioneers to bring graffiti above ground into the mainstream and the first graffiti artist to brand his tag as a logo, creating one of the first street wear clothing companies to rise out of the hip hop era. Haze also appeared in the seminal 1983 documentary Style Wars.
<Ad-Rock>	Adam Keefe Horovitz (born October 31, 1966), popularly known as Ad-Rock, is an American rapper, guitarist and actor. He was a member of the hip-hop group Beastie Boys. While Beastie Boys were active, Horovitz performed with a side project, BS 2000. After the group disbanded in 2012 following the death of member Adam Yauch, Horovitz has participated in a number of Beastie Boys-related projects, worked as a remixer, producer, and guest musician for other artists, and has acted in a number of films.Horovitz was born and raised on Park Avenue, Manhattan, New York, the son of Doris (née Keefe) and playwright Israel Horovitz. His sister is film producer Rachael Horovitz. His father was Jewish, whereas his mother, who was of Irish descent, was Roman Catholic. He had a secular upbringing.
<Sutte_Hakkun>	Sutte Hakkun is a 1997 action puzzle game featuring a character of the same name developed by Indieszero with Nintendo R&D2 and published by Nintendo for the Super Famicom's add-on, the Satellaview, datacasting on November 2, 1997, and three different updates involving new puzzles were released from 1998 to 1999.Sutte Hakkun falls into the category of a side-scrolling, level-based action puzzle game; a genre best represented by the Lode Runner series. The player controls Hakkun, and attempts to gather the rainbow shards distributed across each level. A level is completed when the player finds all the shards hidden in the level. Levels are arranged simplistically at the start of the game, but become highly complex and difficult near the end. The final goal is to find all the shards hidden in the game.Hakkun's actions consist of three movements; running to the left or right, jumping, and absorbing or depositing blocks. A combination of these is required to complete each level. The player must restart the level if Hakkun falls into a hole or touches spike traps, but there are no other impediments, such as time limits or enemy characters, towards completing each level. There are also no lives or game over screens, and the more difficult later levels are completed by repeatedly searching the level for the solution to the puzzle. Completion of the game requires a combination of puzzle-solving ability and precise control of Hakkun by the player.
<Cliff_Ellis>	Robert Clifford Ellis (born December 5, 1945) is an American college basketball coach, currently the head coach at Coastal Carolina University.Going into the 2020–21 season, Coach Ellis's 800 NCAA Division I victories rank him 8th on the list of all-time career coaching victories in NCAA Division I basketball.
<Raffy_Tima>	Rufino Dompao Tima Jr. (born January 7, 1975), popularly known as Raffy Tima (Tagalog: [ˈɾɐpɪ ˈtɪma]), is a Filipino journalist, producer and presenter. He is currently working in GMA Network and its affiliate, GMA News TV (now GTV), he spanned over 23 years since the working of his current network.Raffy Tima was born as Rufino Dompao Tima Jr. on January 7, 1975, in Tabuk, Kalinga. He moved in Pasig and Quezon City for focused on news television after graduated in college. He finished the secondary education in San Marcelino High School, and his tertiary education in UP Diliman from 1st year to 2nd year, but he transferred to Trinity University of Asia from 3rd year until his graduation, with Bachelor of Arts in Mass Communication.
<Thomas_Wynford_Rees>	Major General Thomas Wynford Rees, CB, CIE, DSO & Bar, MC, DL (12 January 1898 – 15 October 1959) was an Welsh officer in the British Indian Army during the First World War, the interwar years and the Second World WarThe son of the Reverend T. M. Rees, he passed out from the Officer Cadet College, Quetta and was commissioned into the British Indian Army in November 1915 in the 73rd Carnatic Infantry.
<James_Mitchum>	James Mitchum (born May 8, 1941) is an American actor.Mitchum was born in Los Angeles, California, the elder son of actor Robert Mitchum (whom he closely resembles) and his wife, Dorothy Spence. His brother is actor Christopher Mitchum, and he is the uncle of actor Bentley Mitchum. His only child was born during his marriage to actress Wende Wagner (1941-1997).James Mitchum had his first role, which was small and unbilled, at the age of eight in the Western Colorado Territory (1949) with Joel McCrea, Virginia Mayo, and Dorothy Malone. His credited debut was in Thunder Road (1958), in which he played his father's much younger brother, a role written for Elvis Presley, who was eager to do it until his manager demanded too much money. This film became a drive-in cult favorite, revived in the 1970s and ’80s. Curiously, he was again credited as being "introduced" in the Have Gun Will Travel flashback episode "Genesis" (season 6, episode 1, 1962).
<Christiane_Nüsslein-Volhard>	Christiane (Janni) Nüsslein-Volhard (German pronunciation: [kʁɪsˈti̯anə ˈnʏslaɪ̯n ˈfɔlˌhaʁt] (listen); born 20 October 1942) is a German developmental biologist and a 1995 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine laureate. She is the only woman from Germany to have received a Nobel Prize in the sciences.Nüsslein-Volhard earned her PhD in 1974 from the University of Tübingen, where she studied protein-DNA interaction.  She won the Albert Lasker Award for Basic Medical Research in 1991 and the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1995, together with Eric Wieschaus and Edward B. Lewis, for their research on the genetic control of embryonic development.Nüsslein-Volhard was born in Magdeburg on 20 October 1942, the second of five children to Rolf Volhard, an architect, and Brigitte Haas Volhard, a nursery school teacher. She has four siblings: three sisters and one brother. She grew up and went to school in south Frankfurt, exposed to art and music and thus was "trained in looking at things and recognizing things". Her great-grandfather was the chemist Jacob Volhard, her grandfather the known internist Franz Volhard. She is the aunt of the Nobel laureate in chemistry Benjamin List.
<Colfe's_School>	Colfe's School, previously Colfe's Grammar School is a co-educational independent day school in Lee in the London Borough of Lewisham, in southeast London, England, and one of the oldest schools in London. The school is a member of the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference. The official Visitor to the school is Prince Michael of Kent.Colfe's is one of the oldest schools in London. The parish priest of Lewisham taught the local children from the time of Richard Walker's chantry, founded in 1494, until the dissolution of the monasteries by Henry VIII. Rev. John Glyn re-established the school in 1568 and it was granted a Charter by Elizabeth I in 1574. Abraham Colfe became a Governor in 1613 and the school was re-founded bearing his name in 1652.
<Guangzhou_Railway_Group>	China Railway Guangzhou Group, officially abbreviated as CR Guangzhou or CR-Guangzhou, formerly, Guangzhou Railway (Group) Corporation from 1993 to 2017 and Guangzhou Railway Administration from 1953 to 1993, is a subsidiaries company under the jurisdiction of the China Railway (formerly the Ministry of Railway). It supervises the railway network within Guangdong, Hunan, and Hainan Provinces.Guangzhou Railway is the largest shareholder (37.12%) of Guangshen Railway, the operator of Guangzhou–Shenzhen Railway.Guangzhou Railway is a subsidiary of China Railway. Both companies were incorporated under the Law on Industrial Enterprises Owned by the Whole People, instead of newer Company Law of China.
<Liberal_Democrats_(UK)>	The Liberal Democrats (commonly referred to as the Lib Dems) are a liberal political party in the United Kingdom. Since the 1992 general election, with the exception of the 2015 general election, they have been the third-largest UK political party by the number of votes cast. They have 14 Members of Parliament in the House of Commons, 83 members of the House of Lords, four Members of the Scottish Parliament and one member in the Welsh Senedd. The party has over 2,500 local council seats. The party holds a twice-per-year Liberal Democrat Conference, at which party policy is formulated, with all party members eligible to vote, under a one member, one vote system. The party served as the junior party in a coalition government with the Conservative Party between 2010 and 2015; with Scottish Labour in the Scottish Executive from 1999 to 2007, and with Welsh Labour in the Welsh Government from 2000 to 2003 and from 2016 to 2021.In 1981, an electoral alliance was established between the Liberal Party, a group which descended from the 18th-century Whigs, and the Social Democratic Party (SDP), a splinter group from the Labour Party. In 1988, the parties merged as the Social and Liberal Democrats, adopting their present name just over a year later. Under the leadership of Paddy Ashdown and later Charles Kennedy, the party grew during the 1990s and 2000s, focusing its campaigns on specific seats and becoming the third-largest party in the House of Commons. Under Nick Clegg's leadership, the Liberal Democrats were junior partners in David Cameron's Conservative-led coalition government in which Clegg served as Deputy Prime Minister. Although it allowed them to implement some of their policies, the coalition badly damaged the party's electoral prospects and they lost 48 of their 56 MPs at the 2015 general election, which relegated them to fourth-largest party in the House of Commons. Under the leaderships of Tim Farron, Vince Cable and Jo Swinson, the party was refocused as a pro-Europeanist party opposing Brexit. Since 2015 the party has failed to recapture its pre-coalition successes and a poor performance in the 2019 general election saw Swinson lose her seat.
<Reform_Party_of_the_United_States_of_America>	The Reform Party of the United States of America (RPUSA), generally known as the Reform Party USA or the Reform Party, is a centrist political party in the United States, founded in 1995 by Ross Perot.Perot believed Americans were disillusioned with the state of politics as being corrupt and unable to deal with vital issues. After he received 18.9 percent of the popular vote as an independent candidate in the 1992 presidential election, he founded the Reform Party and presented it as a viable alternative to Republicans and Democrats. As the Reform Party presidential nominee, Perot won 8.4 percent of the popular vote in the 1996 presidential election. Although he did not receive a single electoral vote, no other third-party or independent candidate has since managed to receive as high a share of the popular vote.
<Mary_Bono>	Mary Bono (née Whitaker and formerly Mary Bono Mack, born October 24, 1961) is an American politician, businesswoman, and lobbyist who served Palm Springs and most of central and eastern Riverside County, California, in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1998 to 2013.A member of the Republican Party, Bono was first elected to Congress in 1998 to replace her late husband, Sonny Bono, who had died in office months earlier. She sat on the Energy and Commerce Committee and was chairwoman of the Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing and Trade. In 1998, Bono served on the House Judiciary Committee that approved articles of impeachment against President Bill Clinton. Bono served in Congress until losing her 2012 re-election bid.In March 2013, Bono became a senior vice president at the Washington, D.C.-based federal affairs firm Faegre Baker Daniels Consulting. In 2018, she founded the political affairs consulting firm Integritas by Bono.
<Iván_Pérez_Muñoz>	Iván Pérez Muñoz (born 29 January 1976) is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a forward.He amassed La Liga totals of 64 games and four goals over eight seasons, representing five clubs including Real Madrid and Deportivo.
<Robert_A._Parker>	Robert Allan Ridley Parker (born December 14, 1936) is an American physicist and astronomer, former Director of the NASA Management Office at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, and a retired NASA astronaut. He was a Mission Specialist on two Space Shuttle missions, STS-9 and STS-35.He has logged over 3,500 hours flying time in jet aircraft and 463 hours in space.
<True_Names>	True Names is a 1981 science fiction novella by American writer Vernor Vinge, a seminal work of the cyberpunk genre. It is one of the earliest stories to present a fully fleshed-out concept of cyberspace, which would later be central to cyberpunk. The story also contains elements of transhumanism, anarchism, and even hints about The Singularity.True Names first brought Vinge to prominence as a science fiction writer. It also inspired many real-life hackers and computer scientists; a 2001 book about the novella, True Names: And the Opening of the Cyberspace Frontier, included essays by Danny Hillis, Marvin Minsky, Mark Pesce, Richard Stallman and others. It was awarded the Prometheus Hall of Fame Award in 2007.The story follows the progress of a group (called a "coven" in the story) of computer hackers (called "warlocks") who are early adopters of a new full-immersion virtual reality technology, called the "Other Plane". Warlocks penetrate computers around the world for personal profit or curiosity. Penetrating computers, often referred to as hacking, is called "vandalism" and "pranks" in the book. Forming a cabal, they must keep their true identities—their "True Names"—secret even to each other and to the "Great Adversary", the United States government, as those who know a warlock's True Name can force him to work on their behalf, or even cause a "True Death" by killing the warlock in real life.
<Belarusbank>	Savings Bank "Belarusbank" is the largest bank in Belarus that occupies leading positions in the Belarusian banking system by volume of equity, assets, loans, deposits.From 1922 to 1987 the country applied the system of state labor savings banks of USSR. In 1987 Belarusian Republican Bank of the Savings Bank of USSR was established, and in 1991, it was transformed into Belarusian Savings Bank. In 1995, Joint-Stock Savings Bank Belarusbank was established by Edict of the President of the Republic of Belarus following a nationalizing forced merger between state-owned Belarusian Savings Bank and commercial Bank Belarusbank, with the state holding 99% of the bank's shares.In 1996 Belarusbank acquired sectoral banks Belsviazbank and Belzheldorbank, furthering nationalization of the banking sector in Belarus. The Client-Bank system was introduced. In the same year the bank became a principal member of Europay International. A year later representative offices in Warsaw, Poland and Moscow, Russia were established.
<Hatchet_(film)>	Hatchet is a 2006 American slasher film written and directed by Adam Green. The film has an ensemble cast, including Joel David Moore, Kane Hodder, Deon Richmond, Tamara Feldman, Richard Riehle, Mercedes McNab, Robert Englund, and Tony Todd. In the style of old-school slasher films, such as Friday the 13th, the plot follows a group of tourists on a New Orleans haunted swamp tour, who accidentally get stranded in the wilderness, only to be hunted by a vengeful, supernatural deformed man who kills anyone that enters the swamp. The film spawned three sequels—Hatchet II, Hatchet III, and Victor Crowley—and a comic book series.Sampson and his son Ainsley are hunting alligators in a swamp. While Ainsley is urinating, Sampson falls silent; Ainsley finds Sampson dead before he too is killed by a monstrous being.During a Mardi Gras celebration in New Orleans, a group of friends including Ben and his best friend Marcus decide to go on a haunted swamp tour. They find the tour closed because the guide, Rev. Zombie, was sued for negligence. Rev. Zombie suggests they try a place farther down the street, owned by the over-the-top, inexperienced tour guide Shawn. Marcus decides to leave but changes his mind upon seeing two topless girls: Misty, a ditzy porn star, and Jenna, a bossy, boastful, up-and-coming actress. Their sleazy director, Doug Shapiro, is also present. Ben pays for himself and Marcus and Shawn leads them to his tour bus, where the other tourists, Jim and Shannon Permatteo, a Minnesota married couple, and the hot-tempered Marybeth are waiting.
<Robert_H._Dennard>	Robert Heath Dennard (born September 5, 1932) is an American electrical engineer and inventor.Dennard was born in Terrell, Texas, U.S. He received his B.S. and M.S. degrees in Electrical Engineering from Southern Methodist University, Dallas, in 1954 and 1956, respectively. He earned a Ph.D. from Carnegie Institute of Technology in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1958. His professional career was spent as a researcher for International Business Machines.In 1966 he invented the one transistor memory cell consisting of a transistor and a capacitor for which a patent was issued in 1968.  It became basis for the today's dynamic random-access memory (DRAM). Dennard was also among the first to recognize the tremendous potential of downsizing MOSFETs. The scaling theory he and his colleagues formulated in 1974 postulated that MOSFETs continue to function as voltage-controlled switches while all key figures of merit such as layout density, operating speed, and energy efficiency improve – provided geometric dimensions, voltages, and doping concentrations are consistently scaled to maintain the same electric field.  This property underlies the achievement of Moore's Law and the evolution of microelectronics over the last few decades.
<Rock_Band_(video_game)>	Rock Band is a music video game developed by Harmonix, published by MTV Games and distributed by Electronic Arts. It is the first title in the Rock Band series. The Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions were released in North America on November 20, 2007, while the PlayStation 2 version was released on December 18, 2007 and the Wii version on June 22, 2008. Harmonix previously developed the first two games in the Guitar Hero series, which popularized gameplay of rock music with guitar-shaped controllers. After development of the series was shifted to Neversoft, Harmonix conceived Rock Band as a new title that would offer multi-instrument gameplay.The game allows up to four players to simulate the performance of popular rock songs by playing with controllers modeled after musical instruments. Players can play the lead guitar, bass guitar, and drums parts to songs with "instrument controllers", as well as sing through a USB microphone. Players are scored on their ability to match scrolling musical "notes" while playing instruments, or by their ability to match the singer's pitch on vocals. Players with the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions can interact with players on the same platform through both online and offline multiplayer capabilities. In addition to the 58 core songs included on the game disc, over 2,000 downloadable songs were released for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions.At launch, the game software was made available in a bundle that packaged it together with the instrument peripherals, as well as for purchase separately. Individual instrument peripherals were released at a later date. The game received widespread critical acclaim, with sales of four million units and global revenues of $600 million. Players have made over 100 million downloadable song purchases since Rock Band's release. The game's success prompted the release of six sequels: Rock Band 2, The Beatles: Rock Band, Lego Rock Band, Green Day: Rock Band, Rock Band 3 and Rock Band 4.
<Fernando_de_Abreu_Ferreira>	Fernando Augusto de Abreu Ferreira (Brazilian Portuguese: [feʁˈnɐ̃du aˈbɾɛw]; born 3 October 1984), known as Abreu, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a central defender.He also holds Portuguese citizenship.
<Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer>	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios Inc., also known as Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Pictures and abbreviated as MGM, is an American film, television production, distribution and media company owned by Amazon through MGM Holdings, founded on April 17, 1924 and based in Beverly Hills, California.
<Dan_Quayle>	James Danforth Quayle (/ˈkweɪl/; born February 4, 1947) is an American politician who served as the 44th vice president of the United States from 1989 to 1993 under President George H. W. Bush. A member of the Republican Party, Quayle served as a U.S. senator from Indiana from 1981 to 1989 and a member of the U.S. House of Representatives for Indiana's 4th district from 1977 to 1981.A native of Indianapolis, Quayle spent most of his childhood in Paradise Valley, a suburb of Phoenix, Arizona. He married Marilyn Tucker in 1972 and obtained his J.D. degree from the Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law in 1974. He and Marilyn practiced law in Huntington, Indiana, before his election to the United States House of Representatives in 1976. In 1980, he was elected to the U.S. Senate.
<Beijing_Enlight_Media>	Beijing Enlight Media Co., Ltd. known as Enlight Media is a Chinese publicly traded company. It is a TV program production enterprise, as well as film production via Beijing Enlight Pictures. The company was incorporated on 24 April 2000.Beijing Enlight Media was a constituent of Shenzhen Stock Exchange blue-chip index SZSE 100 Index, but removed on 12 June 2017 (effective on the first trading day of July). As of 4 July 2017[update], Beijing Enlight Media is a constituent of SZSE 200 Index (mid cap index).As at 31 December 2015, Wang Changtian (Chinese: 王长田), chairman of Enlight Media, via Shanghai Enlight Investment Holding (Chinese: 上海光线投资控股), owned 50.06% shares of Enlight Media as the largest shareholder; the second largest shareholder of Enlight Media was Ali Venture Capital (Chinese: 阿里创业投资), The third largest shareholder (for 3.87%), Du Yinglian (Chinese: 杜英莲), was in fact Wang's wife. The sixth (1.37%) and seventh (1.15%) largest shareholder, were younger brother and sister of Wang Changtian. Deputy general managers (and directors), Li Xiaoping (Chinese: 李晓萍) and Li Delai (Chinese: 李德来) owned 3.79% and 3.23% shares respectively as the fourth and fifth largest shareholder.
<Assault_Championship_Wrestling>	Assault Championship Wrestling was an American independent wrestling promotion based in Connecticut and promoted by Jason Knight, a retired wrestler and manager, during the early 2000s. The first major independent promotion to operate in Connecticut, Assault Championship Wrestling became important on the independent circuit particularly after the close of Extreme Championship Wrestling in 2002 and featured many former ECW veterans including Danny Doring, Kid Kash, Justin Credible, Little Guido, Tony DeVito, Balls Mahoney, John Kronus, Francine and Joel Gertner who acted as its commissioner.New England Championship Wrestling, a rival promotion, often held inter-promotional events as well as allowing its champions to defend their titles at ACW cards. They also had a working arraignment with Knight's wrestling dojo. A number of independent wrestlers also made frequent appearances including Matt Stryker, Julio Dinero, Wagner Brown, Matthew Kaye, Homicide, Jeff Rocker, Scotty Charisma and The Backseat Boyz (Trent Acid and Johnny Kashmere). Popular female wrestlers included Mercedes Martinez, Becky Bayless, April Hunter, Nikki Roxx, Talia Madison, Ana Rocha and Angel Orsini.Originally established under Acid Pro Wrestling, the promotion began operating in central Connecticut in early 2000 and held its first supercard, The Best Things In Life Are Free!, in Waterbury, Connecticut on May 26, 2000. It also held its first televised event in Waterbury featuring Angel Orsini, Joel Gertner and Jason Knight on November 12, 2000.
<Janieta_Eyre>	Janieta Eyre is British-born photographer who lives in Kingston, Canada.Her work has been shown across Canada and the United States, and has been featured in exhibitions in Italy, Spain, Iceland, Colombia, England, France, South Korea and Germany.
<Chennai>	Chennai (/ˈtʃɛnaɪ/ (listen), Tamil: [ˈt͡ɕenːaɪ̯]), formerly known as Madras (the official name until 1996), is the capital city of Tamil Nadu, the southernmost Indian state. The largest city of the state in area and population, Chennai is located on the Coromandel Coast of the Bay of Bengal, and is the most prominent cultural, economic and educational centre of South India.According to the 2011 Indian census, Chennai is the sixth-most populous city in the country and forms the fourth-most populous urban agglomeration. The Greater Chennai Corporation is the civic body responsible for the city; it is the oldest city corporation of India, established in 1688—the second oldest in the world after London. The city of Chennai is coterminous with Chennai district, which together with the adjoining suburbs constitutes the Chennai Metropolitan Area, the 36th-largest urban area in the world by population and one of the largest metropolitan economies of India.
<Hadfields_Limited>	Hadfields Limited of Hecla and East Hecla Sheffield, Yorkshire was a British manufacturer of special steels in particular manganese alloys (which were discovered by the founder's son and often known as Hadfield steel) and the manufacture of steel castings.There was a very heavy involvement in the armaments industry, in the production of shells and armour plate steel.
<PolyGram>	PolyGram N.V. was a multinational entertainment company and major music record label formerly based in the Netherlands. It was founded in 1962 as the Grammophon-Philips Group by Dutch corporation Philips and German corporation Siemens, to be a holding for their record companies, and was renamed "PolyGram" in 1972. The name was chosen to reflect the Siemens interest Polydor Records and the Philips interest Phonogram Records.[citation needed] The company traced its origins through Deutsche Grammophon back to the inventor of the flat disc gramophone, Emil Berliner.Later on, PolyGram expanded into the largest global entertainment company, creating film and television divisions. In May 1998, it was sold to the alcoholic distiller Seagram which owned film, television and music company Universal Studios. PolyGram was thereby folded into Universal Music Group, and PolyGram Filmed Entertainment was folded into Universal Pictures, which had been both Seagram successors of MCA Inc. When the newly formed entertainment division of Seagram faced financial difficulties, it was sold to Vivendi, and MCA became known as Universal Studios, as Seagram ceased to exist. Vivendi remains the majority owner of the Universal Music Group (while the film and television division was sold to NBCUniversal) until 2021. In February 2017, UMG revived the company under the name of PolyGram Entertainment, which currently serves as their film and television division.In 1929, Decca Records (London) licensed record shop owner H.W. Van Zoelen as a distributor in the Netherlands. By 1931, his company Hollandsche Decca Distributie (HDD) had become exclusive Decca distributor for all of the Netherlands and its colonies. Over the course of the 1930s, HDD put together its own facilities for A&R, recording, and manufacturing.
<Sexual_Desire_(book)>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Archibald_Simpson>	Archibald Simpson (4 May 1790 – 23 March 1847) was a Scottish architect, who along with his rival John Smith, is regarded as having fashioned the character of Aberdeen as "The Granite City".Archibald Simpson was born at 15 Guestrow, Aberdeen on 4 May 1790, the ninth and last child of William Simpson (1740–1804), a clothier at Broadgate, and his wife Barbara Dauney (c.1750 - 1801), the daughter of a Presbyterian minister. The family house at Guestrow is thought to have been built by his uncle William Dauney, who was a master mason. The house was later demolished in 1930.
<Laura_Leighton>	Laura Diane Leighton is an American actress. She played Sydney Andrews on the television series Melrose Place (1993–1997) and its continuation (2009–2010), and Ashley Marin on Freeform's series Pretty Little Liars (2010–2017).In the early 1990s, Leighton's first on-screen jobs were in a commercial for Pizza Hut and Dep Hair Gel before taking her first major acting role as Sydney Andrews in the prime time soap opera Melrose Place. The part was originally intended for only two episodes in season 1, but was eventually developed into a full-time role for the subsequent seasons 2 to 5 (1993–97). During the show's run, Leighton appeared on numerous magazine covers (including Entertainment Weekly and Rolling Stone and People). Leighton left the show at the end of the fifth season in 1997, which saw her character Sydney being struck and seemingly killed by a car, only moments after her wedding to Craig Field, played by David Charvet.During breaks while filming Melrose Place, Leighton starred in the made-for-television films, In the Name of Love: A Texas Tragedy for FOX as Laurette Wilder, a woman from a poor background who falls for a rich man to the disgust of his grandparents, and The Other Woman for CBS as Carolyn Bryan, a newly married model who finds herself making friends with her husband's dying ex-wife.  She also hosted an episode of Saturday Night Live in 1995 with musical guest Rancid.
<Luís_Lourenço>	Luís Carlos Lourenço da Silva (born 5 June 1983), known as Lourenço, is a former professional footballer who played as a forward.Lourenço was born in Luanda, Angola. A Sporting CP youth graduate, he made his professional debut in England, serving two brief loan spells first at Bristol City then Oldham Athletic, both in the Football League One. Additionally, he played and scored regularly for Sporting's reserves.
<Khartoum_(film)>	Khartoum is a 1966 British epic war film written by Robert Ardrey and directed by Basil Dearden. It stars Charlton Heston as British General Charles "Chinese" Gordon and Laurence Olivier as Muhammad Ahmed (a Sudanese leader whose devotees proclaimed him the Mahdi), with a supporting cast that includes Richard Johnson and Ralph Richardson. The film is based on historical accounts of Gordon's defence of the Sudanese city of Khartoum from the forces of the Mahdist army, during the 1884–1885 Siege of Khartoum. The opening and closing scenes are narrated by Leo Genn.Khartoum was filmed by cinematographer Edward Scaife in Technicolor and Ultra Panavision 70, and was exhibited in 70 mm Cinerama in premiere engagements. A novelization of the film's screenplay was written by Alan Caillou.
<Purvalap>	Purvalap (Gujarati: પૂર્વાલાપ) is a posthumously published collection of poems by Manishankar Ratnji Bhatt alias Kavi Kant, in 1923. Kant has invented a new form of Khandkavya by blending the Greek and Sanskrit concepts of tragedy. Kant has given many literary significant poems by this work such as Vasant vijay, Chakravakmithun, Devyani and Sagar Ane Shashi.The poems of this book mainly deals with the fusion of personal life and impersonal pursuit. The poem Vasant Vijay deals with a significant moment before Pandu's death. It deals with cursed Pandu's sexual desire with his wife Madri resulting in his death. Another poems namely Chakravakmithun is based on a popular myth of Chakravaks, the bird pair, doomed to be separated every evening. There are few more poems, such as Viprayoga, Manohar murti and Apni rat which express intensity of love for his wife.
<J_R>	J R is a novel by William Gaddis published by Alfred A. Knopf in 1975. In the story, a schoolboy secretly amasses a fortune in penny stocks. J R won the National Book Award for Fiction in 1976. It was Gaddis' first novel since the 1955 publication of The Recognitions.To complete the novel, Gaddis received a grant from the Rockefeller Foundation and the National Endowment for the Arts.[citation needed] Excerpts of the work were published in The Dutton Review, Antaeus, and Harper's magazine.[when?][citation needed]J R tells the story of the eponymous J R Vansant, an 11-year-old schoolboy who obscures his identity through payphone calls and postal money orders in order to parlay penny stock holdings into a fortune on paper. The novel broadly satirizes what Gaddis called "the American dream turned inside out". One critic called it "the greatest satirical novel in American literature." Novelist Louis Auchincloss thought it "worthy of Swift."
<Jamie_Chung>	Jamie Jilynn Chung (born April 10, 1983) is an American actress and former reality television personality. She began her career in 2004 as a cast member on the MTV reality series The Real World: San Diego and subsequently through her appearances on its spin-off show, Real World/Road Rules Challenge: The Inferno II. She is regarded by many as the Real World alumna with the most successful media career.She later transitioned into acting and has since become known for films such as Dragonball Evolution, Grown Ups, Premium Rush, Sorority Row, The Hangover Part II, Sucker Punch, and Big Hero 6 (2014). Chung received critical acclaim for her lead performance in the independent drama film Eden. Chung played the lead role in the miniseries Samurai Girl, was a series regular in the two seasons (2017–19) of the superhero drama series The Gifted, played the recurring role of Mulan in the ABC fantasy television series Once Upon a Time, and has been a series regular, since 2017, as the voice of Go Go Tomago for the animated Big Hero 6: The Series – the role she voiced in the 2014 film. Beginning in August 2020, Chung began appearing in the recurring role of Ji-Ah on the HBO series Lovecraft Country.
<Cairo>	Cairo (/ˈkaɪroʊ/ KY-roh; Arabic: القاهرة, romanized: al-Qāhirah, pronounced [ælqɑ(ː)ˈheɾɑ]) is the capital of Egypt and the largest urban agglomeration in Africa, the Arab world and the Middle East. The Greater Cairo metropolitan area, with a population of 21.9 million, is the 12th-largest in the world by population. Cairo is associated with ancient Egypt, as the Giza pyramid complex and the ancient cities of Memphis and Heliopolis are located in its geographical area. Located near the Nile Delta, the city first developed as Fustat, a settlement founded after the Muslim conquest of Egypt in 640 next to an existing ancient Roman fortress, Babylon. Under the Fatimid dynasty a new city, al-Qāhirah, was founded nearby in 969. It later superseded Fustat as the main urban centre during the Ayyubid and Mamluk periods (12th–16th centuries). Cairo has long been a centre of the region's political and cultural life, and is titled "the city of a thousand minarets" for its preponderance of Islamic architecture. Cairo's historic center was awarded World Heritage Site status in 1979. Cairo is considered a World City with a "Beta +" classification according to GaWC.Today, Cairo has the oldest and largest cinema and music industry in the Arab World, as well as the world's second-oldest institution of higher learning, Al-Azhar University. Many international media, businesses, and organizations have regional headquarters in the city; the Arab League has had its headquarters in Cairo for most of its existence.
<Mushihimesama_Futari>	Mushihimesama Futari (虫姫さまふたり, Mushihime-sama Futari, lit. "Bug Princess Duo"), a bullet hell shooter by Cave, was released in arcades on October 27, 2006 and as a sequel to Mushihimesama. Mushihimesama Futari was released on the Xbox 360 in Japan on November 26, 2009. In April 2012, Cave released a port of the game on the iOS platforms, titled Bug Princess 2 (Mushihimesama was also released on the platforms titled Bug Princess).Selectable game modes include Original and Maniac, with unlockable Ultra mode, with each mode increasing in difficulty. The game features five stages, each with a boss and mid-boss. The players can select two characters - Reco and Palm, and choose normal or abnormal shot type for each. The main scoring system in this game involves collecting gems. In Original and Ultra mode, the gem counter switches colour from green to blue every 500 gems. the players collect more gems by killing enemies with the player's laser when the counter is blue, and with the player's shot when the counter is green. There is an overall gem counter and a stage counter, which resets to zero every level. In Maniac mode, when the chain bar is full and flashing red, killing enemies with A increases the number of gems acquired.Version 1.5 replaced Version 1.0 as the standard version of the game. Item and game system was changed as well as modified bullet patterns, particularly on the bosses. Considered easier than Version 1.0(1). Ultra mode unlocked from the start. Gem counter switches colour every 2000 (instead of 500) in Version 1.5 Ultra mode.[citation needed]
<A._A._Gill>	Adrian Anthony Gill (28 June 1954 – 10 December 2016) was a British journalist, critic, and author. Best known for his food and travel writing, he was also a television critic, was restaurant reviewer of The Sunday Times, wrote for Vanity Fair, GQ, and Esquire, and published numerous books.After failing to establish himself as an artist, Gill wrote his first piece for Tatler in 1991 and joined The Sunday Times in 1993.
<FC_Metalurh_Donetsk>	Football Club Metalurh Donetsk (Ukrainian: Футбо́льний клуб «Металу́рг» Доне́цьк, pronounced [metɐˈlurɦ doˈnɛtsʲk]) was a Ukrainian professional football club based in Donetsk that went bankrupt in July 2015.Football came to the Donetsk region in the time of the Russian Empire when the industrialization of the country began. Numerous foreigners, particularly British workers, were forming their own football teams. In September 1911, at the factory of Novorossiysk Association (currently the Donetsk Steel Works Factory – DMZ) owned by John Hughes has created the Yuzovka Sports Society (YuSO) which contained a football club as well. The football club became one of the founders of the Donbas football league based out of Kramatorsk in 1913. The football team existed until 1919 and was liquidated due to the Russian Civil War. In the 1920s, the factory (known at time as Lenin Steel Works) revived the club as part of its own Lenin Sports Club which later carried the name of FC Metalists Stalino. One of the most prominent players of that period was Viktor Shylovsky who later became famous, however, playing for Dynamo Kyiv.
<Kerry_Butler>	Kerry Butler is an American actress and singer known primarily for her work in theatre. She is best known for originating the roles of Barbara Maitland in Beetlejuice, Penny Pingleton in Hairspray, and Clio/Kira in Xanadu, the latter of which earned her a Tony Award nomination for Best Performance by a Leading Actress in a Musical.Born in the Bensonhurst neighborhood of Brooklyn, Butler began acting in commercials at the age of three. She notes that growing up, "When I saw Annie ... I knew that was what I wanted to do." After a four-year hiatus imposed by her mother, Kerry started acting again at the age of nine and has been at it since.
<Scunthorpe_United_F.C.>	Scunthorpe United Football Club is a professional association football club based in the town of Scunthorpe, Lincolnshire, England. The side currently competes in the National League, the fifth tier of the English football league system. The team is nicknamed "The Iron", and has played in a home strip of claret and blue for most of the club's history. They play their home games at Glanford Park, having moved from their original stadium, the Old Show Ground, in 1988. They used to contest Humber derby games with local rivals Grimsby Town and Hull City, as well as Lincolnshire derby games with Boston United, Gainsborough Trinity and Lincoln City.The club was formed in 1899 and turned professional after joining the Midland League in 1912. Crowned Midland League champions in the 1926–27 and 1938–39 campaigns, they were elected into the Football League in 1950. They went on to secure promotion as champions of the Third Division North in 1957–58 and spent six seasons in the Second Division, before they were relegated in 1964 and then down to the Fourth Division in 1968. United spent 34 of the next 37 seasons in the basement tier, punctuated by one-season stays in the third tier after they secured promotions in 1971–72, 1982–83 and 1998–99. Brian Laws saw the club promoted out of League Two at the end of the 2004–05 season and his successor, Nigel Adkins, led the club to the League One title in 2006–07. Scunthorpe spent just one season in the Championship, but victory in the 2009 League One play-off Final saw the club promoted back into the Championship. They remained in the second tier until two relegations in as many years saw them back into the fourth tier by 2013. Scunthorpe were promoted to League One at the end of the 2013–14 campaign, before being relegated back to League Two in 2019 and, in 2022, being relegated to the National League, ending a 72-year spell in the Football League.
<Mark_Rosenberg>	Mark (or Marc) Rosenberg is the name of:
<Owen_Hart>	Owen James Hart (May 7, 1965 – May 23, 1999) was a Canadian-American professional wrestler who worked for several promotions including Stampede Wrestling, New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW), World Championship Wrestling (WCW), and the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). He received most of his success in the WWF, where he wrestled under both his own name and the ring name The Blue Blazer.A member of the Hart wrestling family, he was born in Calgary, Alberta, the youngest of twelve children of Stampede Wrestling promoters Stu and Helen Hart. Among other accolades, Owen was a one-time USWA Unified World Heavyweight Champion, a two-time WWF Intercontinental Champion, a one-time WWF European Champion, and a four-time WWF World Tag Team Champion, as well as the 1994 WWF King of the Ring. He headlined multiple pay-per-view events for the WWF, and was widely regarded as one of the company's best in-ring performers.
<Paddington>	Paddington is an area within the City of Westminster, in Central London. First a medieval parish then a metropolitan borough, it was integrated with Westminster and Greater London in 1965. Three important landmarks of the district are Paddington station, designed by the engineer Isambard Kingdom Brunel and opened in 1847; St Mary's Hospital; and the former Paddington Green Police Station (once the most important high-security police station in the United Kingdom).A major project called Paddington Waterside aims to regenerate former railway and canal land between 1998 and 2018, and the area is seeing many new developments.  Offshoot districts (historically within Paddington) are Maida Vale, Westbourne and Bayswater including Lancaster Gate.
<Keith_Runcorn>	(Stanley) Keith Runcorn FRS (19 November 1922 – 5 December 1995) was a British physicist whose paleomagnetic reconstruction of the relative motions of Europe and America revived the theory of continental drift and was a major contribution to plate tectonics.Runcorn was born in Southport, Lancashire, and educated at King George V Grammar School and Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge, whence he graduated in engineering within two years in 1942. After a period in radar research during the World War II, he joined the Physics Department at the University of Manchester where he did research on aspects of the Earth's magnetic field, taking his PhD for research supervised by Patrick Blackett in 1949.
<Max_Planck_Institute_for_Chemical_Ecology>	The Max Planck Institute for Chemical Ecology is located on Beutenberg Campus in Jena, Germany. It was founded in March 1996 and is one of 80 institutes of the Max Planck Society (Max Planck Gesellschaft). Chemical ecology examines the role of chemical signals that mediate the interactions between plants, animals, and their environment, as well as the evolutionary and behavioral consequences of these interactions. The managing director of the institute is Jonathan Gershenzon.About 175 scientists, among them many PhD candidates and students, do their research in five departments and further independent research groups.Coordinates: 50°54′38″N 11°34′5″E﻿ / ﻿50.91056°N 11.56806°E﻿ / 50.91056; 11.56806
<Volvo_S80>	The Volvo S80 is an executive car produced by the Swedish manufacturer Volvo Cars from 1998 to 2016 across two generations. It took the place of the rear-wheel-drive S90 as Volvo's flagship sedan.The first generation (1998–2006) was made available for the 1999 model year. It has since been built at the Torslanda Works in Gothenburg, Sweden, with a few 1999 model year cars for the North American market built at Volvo's Halifax Assembly plant. Unlike most Volvo models, it did not have a station wagon version for its first generation.
<Joseph_LaPalombara>	Joseph LaPalombara (born May 18, 1925) is an American political scientist who specializes in comparative politics, group interest theory, and the foreign investments made by global firms. He is the Arnold Wolfers Professor Emeritus of Political Science and Management at Yale University, where he has been teaching for over fifty years. LaPalombara has twice chaired the political science department at Yale and has also served as the director of the Yale's Institution for Social and Policy Studies. Prior to joining Yale in 1964, LaPalombara spent three years (1947-1950) at Oregon State University and an additional eleven years (1953-1964) at Michigan State University. At the latter institution he also chaired (1957-1962) the political science department.For his research, writing and teaching about Italy, LaPalombara was named a knight and then a knight-commander in that country's Order of Merit society.  He has been a vice-president of the American Political Science Association; the President of the Conference Group for the Study of Italian Politics and Society; and is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences as well as a member of the New York Council on Foreign Policy.The son of Italian immigrants, LaPalombara grew up on the mean streets of Chicago's Near West Side. Like most of his age peers, he dropped out of high school at age sixteen, following which he worked in a variety of industrial plants. He learned in those plants a large range of specialized industrial occupations, including the treatment of steels as high temperatures.
<Sixto_Durán_Ballén>	Sixto Alfonso Durán-Ballén Cordovez (14 July 1921 – 15 November 2016) was an Ecuadorian political figure and architect. He served as Mayor of Quito between 1970 and 1978. In 1951, he co-founded a political party, the Social Christian Party. In 1991, he left the Social Christian Party and formed a new conservative group, the Republican Union Party (PUR), before running for president for the third time in 1992.Durán-Ballén was elected as President of Ecuador in 1992. He served as congressman in 1984 and again in 1998. he helped to modernize the Ecuadorian economy while facing challenges from the World Bank and oversaw and resolved the Cenepa War during the last years of his presidency. He received positive ratings, upon leaving office four years later on 10 August 1996. His presidency was seen favorably by the public polls, but received mixed opinions from scholars.
<Regis_Philbin>	Regis Francis Xavier Philbin (/ˈriːdʒɪs ˈfɪlbɪn/; August 25, 1931 – July 25, 2020) was an American television presenter, talk show host, game show host, comedian, actor, and singer. Once called "the hardest working man in show business", he held the Guinness World Record for the most hours spent on U.S. television (surpassing previous record holder Hugh Downs).After graduating from the University of Notre Dame, Philbin served in the U.S. Navy and got his television start serving as a page for The Tonight Show in the 1950s. He got his first network television exposure in 1967 as Joey Bishop's sidekick on The Joey Bishop Show. He is most widely known as the co-host of the New York City-based nationally syndicated talk show Live! with Regis and Kathie Lee, starting in 1988, which became Live! with Regis and Kelly in 2001, and continued as Live! with Kelly after Philbin's departure in 2011. He is also well-known as the original host of the U.S. version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire, the most-watched prime-time series of the 1999–2000 U.S. television season.
<Rysher_Entertainment>	Rysher Entertainment, Inc. was an American film and television production company and distributor. It has its roots dating back to 1949 as Bing Crosby Productions, and was best known for the sitcom Hogan's Heroes and the medical drama Ben Casey. BCP was acquired by Cox Enterprises.Keith Samples re-established the company in April 1991, as an independent company, whose sole product had been the distribution of the series Saved by the Bell (at the time, NBC could not distribute it in syndication due to fin-syn rules). Encouraged by the success, it made its second move with their first foray into animation, Captain N and the Video Game Masters, the off-net syndicated version of the DIC Entertainment series that also aired on NBC, Captain N: The Game Master. Also that year, it attempted to merge with film and television production company The Kushner-Locke Company, only that deal was to be aborted.
<Leslie_Moonves>	Leslie Roy Moonves (/ˈmuːnvɛz/; born October 6, 1949) is an American media executive who was the chairman and CEO of CBS Corporation from 2003 until his resignation in September 2018 following numerous allegations of sexual harassment, sexual assault and abuse. He has been married to TV personality Julie Chen since 2004.He held a series of executive positions at CBS from July 1995 to September 2018. He was also on the board of directors at ZeniMax Media from 1999 until 2021. Later, he was co-president and co-chief operating officer (COO) of the original Viacom, Inc., the legal predecessor to CBS Corporation, from 2004 until the company split in December 2005. He became chairman of CBS in February 2016. In September 2018, Moonves stepped down as chairman of CBS after multiple women brought forth sexual assault allegations against him. Moonves allegedly destroyed evidence of his sexual misconduct.
<Paleontological_Society_Medal>	The Paleontological Society Medal is an award given by the Paleontological Society to a person whose eminence is based on advancement of knowledge in paleontology.Source: Paleontological Society
<Tutta_Rolf>	Tutta Rolf (born Solveig Jenny Berntzen; 7 October 1907 – 26 October 1994) was a Norwegian-Swedish film and theatre actress and singer. Born in Oslo. She appeared in 14 films between 1932 and 1939. She was married three times, firstly to Swedish actor and singer Ernst Rolf (1930–1932) and then to American director Jack Donohue (1936–1950) and finally to Swedish director/actor Hasse Ekman (1953–1972). She was the mother of Academy Award-winning film editor Tom Rolf and actress Jill Donahue.This article about a Swedish actor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<El_Llano_en_llamas>	El llano en llamas (translated into English as The Burning Plain and Other Stories, The Plain in Flames, and El Llano in flames) is a collection of short stories written in Spanish by Mexican author Juan Rulfo and first published in 1953.This collection and a novel entitled Pedro Páramo published within three years of each other in the 1950s established Rulfo's literary reputation.  One review of these stories praises these seventeen tales of rural folk because they "prove Juan Rulfo to be one of the master storytellers of modern Mexico....". The reviewer also noted that RulfoIn his introduction to the Texas edition, translator George D. Schade describes some of the stories as long sustained interior monologues ("Macario", "We're very poor", "Talpa", "Remember"), while in other stories that may have otherwise been essentially monologues dialogues are inserted ("Luvina", "They have Given Us the Land" and ""Anacleto Morones"). A few stories, according to Schade, are scarcely more than anecdotes like "The Night They Left Him Alone".
<William_III_of_England>	William III (William Henry; Dutch: Willem Hendrik; 4 November 1650 – 8 March 1702), also widely known as William of Orange, was the sovereign Prince of Orange from birth, Stadtholder of Holland, Zeeland, Utrecht, Guelders, and Overijssel in the Dutch Republic from the 1670s, and King of England, Ireland, and Scotland from 1689 until his death in 1702. As King of Scotland, he is known as William II. He is sometimes informally known as "King Billy" in Ireland and Scotland. His victory at the Battle of the Boyne in 1690 is commemorated by Unionists, who display orange colours in his honour. He ruled Britain alongside his wife and cousin, Queen Mary II, and popular histories usually refer to their reign as that of "William and Mary".William was the only child of William II, Prince of Orange, and Mary, Princess Royal, the daughter of King Charles I of England, Scotland, and Ireland. His father died a week before his birth, making William III the prince of Orange from birth. In 1677, he married his cousin Mary, the eldest daughter of his maternal uncle James, Duke of York, the younger brother and later successor of King Charles II.
<DJ_Antoine>	Antoine Konrad (born 23 June 1975), better known as DJ Antoine, is a Swiss house DJ and record producer from Basel. He has a number of successful single and album releases in Western Europe, in particular Switzerland, Germany and France.DJ Antoine was born in Sissach, Basel-Landschaft. His career officially took off in 1995, when he opened his club, House Café, in the city of Basel. This club was a benchmark for the progress of the musical scene in Basel and its cult-parties are still in fond memories. After a short trip into the Swiss hip hop scene, DJ Antoine quickly switched genre. In 1998, he released his first album "DJ Antoine – The Pumpin' House Mix". In 2001, his album Houseworks 1 won him his first gold award. After that, things started to move very fast. To this day, DJ Antoine has published just over 50 albums, strongly establishing himself in the music and clubbing scene. Since 2003, he has been hosting his own weekly radio show, which is broadcast by radio stations all over the world. He is also famous for attending BIEF at Università Bocconi in Milan, he graduated with a 21L,
<Fran_Mérida>	Francisco Mérida Pérez (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈfɾam ˈmeɾiða]; born 4 March 1990) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Chinese club Tianjin Jinmen Tiger.He signed at the age of 17 with Arsenal from Barcelona, but only appeared in 16 official games over the course of three seasons with the club. Subsequently, he returned to his country with Atlético Madrid, where he also featured sparingly before leaving in 2012 (but winning the 2010 UEFA Super Cup). In La Liga he also represented Osasuna and Espanyol, having other brief spells abroad in Portugal, Brazil and China.
<George_Erroll_Prior-Palmer>	Major General George Erroll Prior-Palmer, CB, DSO (20 February 1903 – 18 August 1977) was a senior British Army officer and businessman of Anglo-Irish origins. He saw service in the Second World War and later was military attaché at the British Embassy in Washington, D.C. and General Officer Commanding the 6th Armoured Division. In civilian life he entered the world of commercial shipping and was successively a director of the Union-Castle Line, manager of Cayzer Irvine, and managing director of Overseas Containers Limited, before retiring in 1969.The son of Prior Spunner Prior-Palmer, of County Sligo and 32 Merrion Square, Dublin, and Anne Leslie Gason, of Kilteelagh, County Tipperary, Prior-Palmer was educated in England at Wellington College and at the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.
<Harry_B._Gray>	Harry Barkus Gray (born November 14, 1935) is the Arnold O. Beckman Professor of Chemistry at California Institute of Technology.Gray received his B.S. in chemistry from Western Kentucky University in 1957. He began his work in inorganic chemistry at Northwestern University, where he earned his Ph.D. in 1960 working under Fred Basolo and Ralph Pearson. He was initiated into the Upsilon chapter of Alpha Chi Sigma at Northwestern University in 1958. After that, he spent a year (1960–61) as an NSF Postdoctoral Fellow at the University of Copenhagen, where, along with Walter A. Manch, he collaborated with Carl J. Ballhausen on studies of the electronic structures of metal complexes.After completing his NSF Postdoctoral Fellow at the University of Copenhagen, he relocated to New York City to take up a faculty appointment at Columbia University. He served as an assistant professor from 1961 to 1963 and as an associate professor from 1963 to 1965.
<Yawhen_Lashankow>	Yawhen Lashankow (Belarusian: Яўген Лашанкоў; Russian: Евгений Лошанков; born 2 January 1979 in Minsk) is a Belarusian professional football coach and former player. As of 2017, he works as youth team coach at BATE Borisov .BATE BorisovThis biographical article related to a football midfielder from Belarus is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<George_Dance_the_Elder>	George Dance the Elder (1695 – 8 February 1768) was a British architect. He was the City of London surveyor and architect from 1735 until his death.Originally a mason, George Dance was appointed Clerk of the city works to the City of London. In 1734, shortly before taking up the post, he had won a major commission from the city, for the Mansion House, the new residence for the Lord Mayor.  He was one of three architects—the others being James Gibbs and Giacomo Leoni—who had been invited to submit designs. His building has a grand portico, and an "Egyptian Hall", so called because it uses an arrangement of columns described as Egyptian by Vitruvius. It was completed in 1752.He also designed the Great Synagogue of London as well as the churches of St Leonard's, Shoreditch (1736–40), St Botolph's Aldgate (1741–44) and St Matthew's, Bethnal Green (1743–46). Further afield, Dance designed the Town Hall of Coleraine in Northern Ireland (1743; demolished in 1859).
<Eddie_Mannix>	Joseph Edgar Allen John "Eddie" Mannix (February 25, 1891 – August 30, 1963) was an American film studio executive and producer. He is remembered for his work as a "fixer", who was paid to cover up Hollywood stars' often colorful private lives to protect their public image and profitability for the studio. Among his most lasting contributions to Hollywood was a ledger he maintained that lists the costs and revenues of every MGM film produced between 1924 and 1962, an important reference for film historians.Mannix was born in Fort Lee, New Jersey, the son of John and Lizzie (née Striker) Mannix.  Christened Joseph Edgar Allen John Mannix, he used Edgar Joseph Mannix as his official name, but was known to most associates as Eddie. He was of Irish Catholic descent.
<St_Macartan's_Cathedral,_Monaghan>	St Macartan's Cathedral is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Clogher in Ireland. It is located in the townland of Latlurcan, Monaghan town in the ecclesiastical parish of Monaghan and Rackwallace. It was built between the years of 1861 and 1893 and is the only Catholic cathedral in the county.The cathedra of the Bishop of Clogher was removed to Monaghan town in the mid-19th century. The plan for the cathedral was proposed in 1858 by Bishop Charles MacNally. The site was purchased in 1861. Architect James Joseph McCarthy (1817–1882) designed the cathedral in a 14th-century Gothic architectural style was begun in 1862. Most limestone was quarried locally. Architect William Hague Jr. (1840–1899) from Cavan oversaw the building of the spire after 1882, which stands 81 metres high, as well as the gate lodge. Bishop James Donnelly, bishop of Clogher from 1864 to 1893, oversaw most of the building and dedicated it on 21 August 1892 to the service of God and the patronage of Macartan, the diocese's patron saint.The cathedral was renovated and the beautiful interior was simplified and left feeling bare. For those looking to pray to the Blessed Sacrament, the tabernacle can be found out of immediate eyesight on the right hand side of the sanctuary.
<Jani_Allan>	Jani Allan (born 11 September 1952) is a South African journalist, columnist, writer and broadcaster. She became one of the country's first media celebrities in the 1980s and 1990s.In 1980, Allan became a columnist for the centrist newspaper, the Sunday Times, South Africa's biggest-circulating weekly newspaper. She published columns such as Just Jani, Jani Allan's Week, and Face to Face. The newspaper commissioned a Gallup poll in 1987 to find "the most admired person in South Africa" and she came first. In 2015, Marianne Thamm of the Daily Maverick described Allan as having been "the most influential writer and columnist in the country."
<Adana_Demirspor>	Adana Demirspor Kulübü is a sports club based in Adana, Turkey. Founded by railway workers in 1940, the club is competitive in football, watersports, racquet sports and martial arts. Football team's thriving success at the Adana League and the water polo team's unbeaten National League titles in the first three decades, built a large worker fan base in the city and attracted landowners to finance the club. Believing that the worker supported, landowner financed, TCDD governed club are alienating them, middle-class merchants and artisans founded Adanaspor in 1954 and competition among the two clubs for the citywide support and domination, created one of the fierce rivalries of Turkish football which continues to this day as Adana derby.Adana Demirspor are the first club that is based outside of Istanbul-Ankara-İzmir to join the National Football League, at a time, the league games were only hosted in the largest three cities. The club promoted to the top flight in 1960-61 season and are currently playing there their 18th season. Water polo team are the first champions of the Turkish Water Polo League and had dominated the first three decades of the league, winning 21 league titles in 25 years, from early 1940s to mid 1960s.
<Tylman_van_Gameren>	Tylman van Gameren, also Tilman or Tielman and Tylman Gamerski, (Utrecht, 3 July 1632 – c. 1706, Warsaw) was a Dutch-born Polish architect and engineer who, at the age of 28, settled in Poland and worked for Queen Marie Casimire, wife of Poland's King John III Sobieski. Tylman left behind a lifelong legacy of buildings that are regarded as gems of Polish Baroque architecture.Tylman was born in Utrecht, the Netherlands, and was trained by Jacob van Campen whilst the latter was busy building the Stadhuis on the Dam. Like many Dutch artists at the height of the Dutch Golden Age, Tylman left for Italy in 1650. While in Venice, he earned the reputation as a highly skilled painter of battle scenes.  In 1660, Tylman met in Leiden the Polish prince Jerzy Sebastian Lubomirski, the Grand Crown Marshall of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, and accepted his invitation to come to Poland as his architect and military engineer.Once in Warsaw, taking the name of Tylman Gamerski, he soon became a rising star at court. For his first ten years there, he served as an artillery officer, designing fortifications. From 1670 on, he won fame as a court architect of palaces such as the Pałac Czartoryskich, gardens, country houses, monasteries and churches in and around Warsaw, designing (among others) churches of the Holy Ghost, St. Casimir, and St. Boniface. His designs are known as pearls of the Polish baroque and show Italian and Dutch influences. One of the leading examples of his achievements is the Church of St. Anne (Polish: Kolegiata św. Anny) in the historic centre of Kraków, modelled on Sant'Andrea della Valle in Rome. In 1676 the artist was appointed Golden Spur Knight, which allowed him to become a member of the Commonwealth society and marry Anna Komorowska. In  1685 he was formally acknowledge by the Sejm as a Polish nobleman.
<Stan_Collymore>	Stanley Victor Collymore (born 22 January 1971) is an English football pundit, sport strategist, and former player who played as a striker from 1990 to 2001, most notably for Nottingham Forest and later Liverpool, who he joined from the former for an English transfer record of £8.5 million in 1995. He is currently senior football strategist at Southend United.After his release from Wolves' academy, Collymore signed for non-league Stafford Rangers, where he caught the eye of First Division side Crystal Palace who signed him in January 1991. He failed to break into the first team and subsequently dropped down to the Second Division (renamed as the First Division in 1992) with Southend United, for whom his goalscoring record helped save from relegation and attract attention from Nottingham Forest, who he joined in the summer of 1993 for £2.25 million. Collymore enjoyed two prolific seasons at Forest, earning promotion to the Premier League in his first season and scoring 22 goals as Forest finished in third place during the 1994-1995 season. Perennial title challengers Liverpool signed him in 1995, where he initially formed a successful partnership with Robbie Fowler, but was eventually ousted in favour of younger striker Michael Owen and sold on to boyhood club Aston Villa in 1997, where his form dipped and he struggled to break into the first team. After two unsuccessful years with Villa, he joined Leicester City in 2000 where he saw a brief career resurgence under Martin O'Neill, but struggled under his successor Peter Taylor and was sold to Bradford City in October 2000, but would leave the club after just 10 weeks due to his high wage bill. He then joined Real Oviedo of the Primera Liga, where he finished his career in March 2001 after just five weeks with the club.
<Carnegie_Mellon_University>	Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) is a private research university in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Its predecessor was established in 1900 by Andrew Carnegie as the Carnegie Technical Schools, and it became the Carnegie Institute of Technology in 1912 and began granting four-year degrees in the same year. In 1967, the Carnegie Institute of Technology merged with the Mellon Institute of Industrial Research, founded in 1913 by Andrew Mellon and Richard B. Mellon and formerly a part of the University of Pittsburgh. Carnegie Mellon has operated as a single institution since the merger.The university consists of seven colleges and independent schools: The College of Engineering, College of Fine Arts, Dietrich College of Humanities and Social Sciences, Mellon College of Science, Tepper School of Business, Heinz College of Information Systems and Public Policy, and the School of Computer Science. The university has its main campus located 5 miles (8 km) from Downtown Pittsburgh, and the university also has over a dozen degree-granting locations in six continents, including degree-granting campuses in Qatar, Silicon Valley, and Kigali, Rwanda (Carnegie Mellon University Africa) and partnerships with universities across the United States and in the United Kingdom, Portugal, Japan, China, Mexico, and Italy.
<Xing_Yi_Quan>	Xing Yi Quan is classified as one of the internal styles of Chinese martial arts. The name of the art translates approximately to "Form-Intention Fist", or "Shape-Will Fist".Xing Yi is characterized by aggressive, seemingly linear movements and explosive power that's most often applied from a short range. A practitioner of Xing Yi uses coordinated movements to generate bursts of power intended to overwhelm the opponent, simultaneously attacking and defending. Methods vary from school to school, but always include bare-handed fighting training (mostly in single movements/combinations and sometimes in forms) and the training of weapons usage with similar or identical body mechanics to that used for bare-handed  intense fighting. The most basic notions of movement and body mechanics in the art were heavily influenced by the practice of staves and spears.Historically and technically related martial arts include Dai Xin Yi Liu He Quan, Liu He Xin Yi Quan and Yi Quan.The earliest written records of Xing Yi can be traced to the 18th century, and are attributed to Ma Xueli of Henan Province and Dai Long Bang of Shanxi Province. Legend credits the creation of Xing Yi to renowned Song Dynasty (960–1279 AD) general Yue Fei, but this is disputed.
<Netherlands_national_under-17_football_team>	The Netherlands national under-17 football team represents the Netherlands in international football at this age level and is controlled by the Koninklijke Nederlandse Voetbalbond — KNVB, the governing body for football in the Netherlands. They are coached by Mischa Visser.
<Spain_national_under-16_football_team>	The Spain national under-16 football team represents Spain in international football for children under 16 and is controlled by the Royal Spanish Football Federation, which is the governing body for football in Spain.Note: Club(s) represents the permanent clubs during the player's time in the Under-16s.Note: Club(s) represents the permanent clubs during the player's time in the Under-16s.
<Freeman_Thomas>	Freeman Thomas (born August 20, 1957) is an American automobile and industrial designer who has worked for Porsche, Volkswagen Group, DaimlerChrysler and Ford.Thomas, the son of an American military air traffic controller and a German mother, traveled frequently around Europe during his childhood.  This led to an early awareness of cars - in his own words, "a certain sense of automotive space."After graduating from Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, California, Freeman worked as a senior designer at Porsche from 1983 to 1987.
<Cement_Mills_Halt_railway_station>	Cement Mills Halt was a railway station between Cowes and Newport on the Isle of Wight. It was a public railway station throughout its life, although principally used by workers at the cement  works in Stag Lane. It was not included on public time tables but was available to ramblers visible enough on the primitive gas-lit platform to stop the train "on request". The trackway is now part of a national cycle route.Cement Mills Halt primarily served the West Medina Cement Works, which was owned and operated by Francis and Company Cement Manufacturers. Near the village of Northwood, was the extensive cement works of Messrs. Francis, Son, & Co., of Nine Elms, London, who employed about 100 people at the West Medina Cement Works in the manufacture of Portland and Medina cements. The Francis Co. had the contract to supply all the Portland cement for the construction of the fourth Eddystone Lighthouse.
<V._Nagaraja>	V. Nagaraja (born 16 May 1954) is a Professor, Department of Microbiology and Cell Biology, Indian Institute of Science, Bengaluru. He had received his B.Sc. and M.Sc. degrees in the year 1973 and 1975 from the Bangalore University. He completed his Ph.D. in 1981 from Department of Microbiology and Cell Biology at IISc and the work on mycobacteriophage I3 and role of DNA gyrase in mycobacteria set the stage for his later work when he joined the Institute as an assistant professor in 1989. After his PhD in 1981, he was a research associate at Biozentrum, University of Basel, Switzerland (1981–85) and at Department of Biology, University of Rochester, USA(1985–89). He joined in 1989 as an Assistant Professor, in Centre for Genetic Engineering, IISc and was involved in setting up of the department. He became an associate professor in 1995 at Department of Microbiology and Cell Biology, IISc, Professor in 2000 and served as professor and chairman of the department (2008–2013).He has been appointed president of Jawaharlal Nehru Centre for Advanced Scientific Research (JNCASR) by the Cabinet Committee on Appointments with effect from 14 October 2015.V. Nagaraja was born in a Kannada-speaking Havyaka Brahmin Family. Nagaraja's father's name is Mahadeva Shastry who was a doctor and mother Parvathi Amma was a housewife  His native place is Kanyana a village in Mangaluru, Dakshina Kannada District. He had received his B.Sc. and M.Sc. degrees in 1973 and 1975 from the Bangalore University. He completed his Ph.D. in 1981 from Department of Microbiology and Cell Biology at IISc and the work on mycobacteriophage I3 and role of DNA gyrase in mycobacteria set the stage for his later work when he joined the institute as an assistant professor in 1989.
<Joaquín_Suárez>	Joaquín Luis Miguel Suárez de Rondelo (August 18, 1781 in Canelones – December 26, 1868 in Montevideo) was a Uruguayan political figure.In December 1828, Suárez served as the first head of state of the territory that was about to be known as Uruguay two years later.He served as the President of the Senate of Uruguay from 1841 to 1845. Suárez served in the office designated as President of Uruguay from 1843 to 1852, during the Uruguayan Civil War. However, his effective rule was limited to the old city of Montevideo; historians remember this rule as "Gobierno de la Defensa" (Defense Government), as he was defending the city during the Great Siege of Montevideo, which in turn was led by Manuel Oribe, who ruled over the rest of the country.
<Israel_Prize>	The Israel Prize (Hebrew: פרס ישראל; pras israél) is an award bestowed by the State of Israel, and regarded as the state's highest cultural honor.The Israel Prize is awarded annually, on Israeli Independence Day, in a state ceremony in Jerusalem, in the presence of the President, the Prime Minister, the Speaker of the Knesset (Israel's legislature), and the Supreme Court President. The prize was established in 1953 at the initiative of the Minister of Education Ben-Zion Dinor, who himself went on to win the prize in 1958 and 1973.The prize is awarded in the following four areas, with the precise subfields changing from year to year in a cycle of 4 to 7 years, except for the last area, which is awarded annually:
<Jean_Berko_Gleason>	Jean Berko Gleason (born 1931) is a psycholinguist and professor emerita in the Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences at Boston University who has made fundamental contributions to the understanding of language acquisition in children, aphasia, gender differences in language development, and parent–child interactions.Gleason created the Wug Test, in which a child is shown pictures with nonsense names and then prompted to complete statements about them, and used it to demonstrate that even young children possess implicit knowledge of linguistic morphology. Menn and Ratner have written that "Perhaps no innovation other than the invention of the tape recorder has had such an indelible effect on the field of child language research", the "wug" (one of the imaginary creatures Gleason drew in creating the Wug Test) being "so basic to what [psycholinguists] know and do that increasingly it appears in the popular literature without attribution to its origins."
<Victor_Sjöström>	Victor David Sjöström (Swedish: [ˈvɪ̌kːtɔr ˈɧø̂ːstrœm] (listen); 20 September 1879 – 3 January 1960), also known in the United States as Victor Seastrom, was a pioneering Swedish film director, screenwriter, and actor. He began his career in Sweden, before moving to Hollywood in 1924. Sjöström worked primarily in the silent era; his best known films include The Phantom Carriage (1921), He Who Gets Slapped (1924), and The Wind (1928). Sjöström was Sweden's most prominent director in the "Golden Age of Silent Film" in Europe. Later in life, he played the leading role in Ingmar Bergman's Wild Strawberries (1957).Born in Årjäng/Silbodal, in the Värmland region of Sweden, he was only a year old when his father, Olof Adolf Sjöström, moved the family to Brooklyn, New York. His mother died in 1886, he was seven years old. Sjöström returned to Sweden where he lived with relatives in Stockholm, beginning his acting career at 17 as a member of a touring theater company.
<Deus_Ex>	Deus Ex is a series of role-playing video games, set during the mid 21st century. Focusing on the conflict between secretive factions who wish to control the world by proxy, and the effects of transhumanistic attitudes and technologies in a dystopian near-future setting, the series also includes references to real-world conspiracy theories, historical mythologies and philosophies, and provides a commentary on capitalist values and division in society. The first two games in the series were developed by Ion Storm, and subsequent entries were developed by Eidos-Montréal, following Ion Storm's closure. The Ion Storm games were published by Eidos Interactive, and all Eidos-Montréal media was published by Square Enix until 2022, when ownership was sold to Embracer Group.The series consists of six games: Deus Ex (2000), Deus Ex: Invisible War (2003), Deus Ex: Human Revolution (2011), Deus Ex: The Fall (2013),  Deus Ex Go (2016) and Deus Ex: Mankind Divided (2016). The series has been generally well-received by critics and sold over 14 million units worldwide.
<Jimmy_Sangster>	James Henry Kinmel Sangster (2 December 1927 – 19 August 2011) was a British screenwriter and director, most famous for his work on the initial horror films made by the British company Hammer Films, including The Curse of Frankenstein (1957) and Dracula (1958).The son of an estate agent, Sangster was born in Kimmel Bay, North Wales and was educated at Ewell Castle School in Surrey, and Llandaff Cathedral School in Cardiff. He began his film career, aged 16, as a clapper-boy.
<Quilon_Aerodrome>	Quilon Aerodrome or Kollam Airport was an aerodrome in the city of Kollam in the former state of Travancore, now in Kerala, India. During the 1920s, there were no other civil aerodromes in the kingdoms of Cochin, Travancore and the Malabar District at the time of the British ruled Madras Presidency. With the commissioning of Trivandrum International Airport in 1932 at state capital 57 kilometres (35 mi) to the south, the aerodrome fell into disuse and came to be known as the Asramam Maidan.The landing strip of the aerodrome was strengthened with red laterite soil from the adjoining hills because the local loose soil was unsuitable for the purpose. There were no buildings in the aerodrome, however, a circular concrete pad for parking aircraft was built. The aerodrome was under the control of the Public Works Department (PWD). The aerodrome was also used for training operations. These were stopped when an accident involving a training aircraft at the boundary of the aerodrome, resulted in the death of the pilot and the trainee.
<Arthur_Rose_Sr.>	Arthur Rose Sr. (May 26, 1921 - February 13, 1995) was an American painter, sculptor, and professor.  He has been featured in many publications and public exhibitions in the United States.Rose was African-American.Arthur Rose Sr. was born in Charleston, South Carolina on May 26, 1921.In November 1942, he enlisted in the Navy, serving until December 6, 1945, when he was honorably discharged.
<Daniel_Carney>	Daniel Carney (1944–1987) was a Rhodesian novelist. Three of his novels have been made into films. He was a brother of Erin Pizzey, also a writer.Daniel Carney was born in Beirut in 1944, a son of a British diplomat. In 1963, he settled in Southern Rhodesia (soon to be renamed Rhodesia) and joined the British South Africa Police (BSAP), where he served for three and a half years. In 1968, he co-founded the estate agents Fox and Carney in Salisbury, Rhodesia. He died of cancer in 1987.After his death, ownership rights of his novels and the films based on them passed to his family.[citation needed] They have consistently withheld permission to reproduce Daniel's novels, and have opposed re-release or sales of the movies based on the novels.[citation needed] In 2005, Tango Entertainment released a 30th anniversary edition of The Wild Geese (1978).  The film had been hampered by the collapse of its American distributor, Allied Artists. As a result, the film was only partially distributed in the United States, where it was a box office disappointment, despite being the fourteenth-highest-grossing film, worldwide, of 1978.[citation needed]
<Nance_O'Neil>	Gertrude Lamson (October 8, 1874 – February 7, 1965), known professionally as Nance O'Neil or Nancy O'Neil, was an American stage and film actress who performed in plays in various theaters around the world but worked predominantly in the United States between the 1890s and 1930s. At the height of her career, she was promoted on theater bills and in period trade publications and newspapers as the "American Bernhardt".O'Neil was born in Oakland, California to George Lamson and Arre Findley.O'Neil's first performance in a professional production was in the role of a nun in Sarah at the Alcazar Theatre in San Francisco on October 16, 1893. Before returning to San Francisco in 1898 and 1899 as a star, headlining in the plays The Jewess and The Shadow, she spent the preceding years honing her acting skills by playing in every type of venue, "from barns to first-class theatres", in towns throughout the country's West and Northwest. O'Neil later described that early period of her career as a time when she appeared "in fully a hundred characters, varying from soubrettes to heavies."
<Alexander_Palace>	The Alexander Palace (Russian: Александровский дворец, Alexandrovskiy dvorets) is a former imperial residence near the town of Tsarskoye Selo in Russia, on a plateau about 30 miles (48 km) south of Saint Petersburg.  The Palace was commissioned by Empress/Tsarina Catherine II (Catherine the Great) in 1792.Due to the privacy it offered, when officially resident in St Petersburg, the Alexander Palace was the preferred residence of the last Russian Emperor, Nicholas II and his family. Its safety and seclusion compared favourably to the Winter Palace during the years immediately prior to the Russian Revolution. In 1917, the palace became the family's initial place of imprisonment after the first of two Russian Revolutions in February which overthrew the House of Romanov during World War I.  The Alexander Palace is situated in Alexander Park, not far from Catherine Park and the larger, more elaborate Catherine Palace. After undergoing years of renovation, the Alexander Palace opened in Summer 2021 as a state museum housing relics of the former imperial dynasty.
<Pharmakon_(novel)>	Pharmakon is a 2008 novel written by the author Dirk Wittenborn. Though fictional, it was greatly influenced by Wittenborn's relationship with his father, who was a psychopharmacologist.The novel has three different parts. Book One concerns a psychologist, Will Friedrich, in the competitive Yale psychology department of the 1950s and his pursuit of an anti-depressant and the serious effects it has on a student. "Book Two" occurs seven years later and is told from the perspective of Will's newborn son, Zach, who is eventually kidnapped by the student (who had apparently murdered one of Friedrich's sons). Book Three followed a grown-up Zach, now recovering from drug addiction, as he tries to piece his life together and figure out what has happened to his family.The novel Pharmakon is divided into three parts. The first part of the novel, titled "Book 1", takes place in the 1950s and centers around Will Friedrich; a middle aged, nontenured professor of psychology at Yale University. Though extremely smart and known around campus for his ability to take a set of data and "calculate the standard deviation in his head", Will is having a hard time figuring out an idea to climb the social ladder into the upper circles of the Yale elite.  This all changes when will overhears Dr. Bunny Winton about an exotic plant called "gai kau dong" or, "The Way Home". She describes how this plant has been used by a native tribe in New Guinea to calm people after traumatic events.  He and Winton begin testing on the same plants used by the New Guinea tribe. After isolating the active ingredient in the plant, Winton and Friedrich test the drug on rats and experience positive results.
<Bonita_Granville>	Bonita Gloria Granville Wrather (February 2, 1923 – October 11, 1988) was an American actress and producer.The daughter of vaudevillians, Granville began her career on the stage at age three. She initially began as a child actress, making her film debut in Westward Passage (1932). She rose to prominence for her role in These Three (1936), which earned her an Academy Award nomination at age fourteen. Her prominence continued with the Nancy Drew film series, and roles in Now, Voyager (1942) and Hitler's Children (1943).
<Claude_Lévi-Strauss>	Claude Lévi-Strauss (/klɔːd ˈleɪvi ˈstraʊs/, French: [klod levi stʁos]; 28 November 1908 – 30 October 2009) was a French anthropologist and ethnologist whose work was key in the development of the theories of structuralism and structural anthropology. He held the chair of Social Anthropology at the Collège de France between 1959 and 1982, was elected a member of the Académie française in 1973 and was a member of the School for Advanced Studies in the Social Sciences in Paris. He received numerous honors from universities and institutions throughout the world.Lévi-Strauss argued that the "savage" mind had the same structures as the "civilized" mind and that human characteristics are the same everywhere. These observations culminated in his famous book Tristes Tropiques (1955) that established his position as one of the central figures in the structuralist school of thought. As well as sociology, his ideas reached into many fields in the humanities, including philosophy. Structuralism has been defined as "the search for the underlying patterns of thought in all forms of human activity." He won the 1986 International Nonino Prize in Italy.
<Robert_Truax>	Captain Robert C. Truax (USN) (September 3, 1917 – September 17, 2010) was an American rocket engineer in the United States Navy, and companies such as Aerojet and Truax Engineering, which he founded. Truax was a proponent of low-cost rocket engine and vehicle designs.As a teenager, Truax was inspired by Robert Goddard articles in Popular Mechanics magazine to build his own rockets while residing in Alameda, California. From 1936 to 1939, midshipman Truax tested liquid-fuel rocket motors and published a February 1939 report in Astronautics. In 1938, he showed a thrust chamber that he had constructed to the British Interplanetary Society and wrote technical reports published by the American Rocket Society.Following two years' sea duty, first on USS Enterprise (CV-6) and then a destroyer, then-Lieutenant Commander Truax worked at the Engineering Experiment Station at Annapolis in the Bureau of Aeronautics Ship Installations Division under Commander C. A. Bolster. Truax headed the Navy Development Project (ensigns R. C. Stiff, J. F. Patton, W. Schubert and MIT civilian Robertson Youngquist), where hypergolic propellant was discovered—fuel that burst into flame spontaneously when brought into contact with nitric acid, leading to the use of aniline plus 20% furfuryl alcohol for the 1945 WAC Corporal (the first free-flight rocket to use the fuel). By early 1943, the Truax group had developed a 1,500 lbf (6.7 kN) thrust JATO using hypergolic fuel before the introduction of solid fuel JATO units.
<Pauline_Hopkins>	Pauline Elizabeth Hopkins (1859 – August 13, 1930) was an American novelist, journalist, playwright, historian, and editor. She is considered a pioneer in her use of the romantic novel to explore social and racial themes, as demonstrated in her first major novel Contending Forces: A Romance Illustrative of Negro Life North and South. In addition, Hopkins is known for her significant contributions as Editor for the Colored American Magazine, which was recognized as being among the first periodicals specifically celebrating African-American culture through various short stories, essays and serial novels. She is also known to have prominent connections to other influential African-American figures of the time, such as Booker T. Washington and William Wells Brown.Hopkins' spent most of her life in Boston, Massachusetts, where she completed the majority of her life's work. As an active contributor to the racial, political and feminist discourse of the time, Hopkins is known as being one of the significant intellectuals of the early 20th century to contribute to racial uplift through her writing.Hopkins was born to Northrop Hopkins (also reported as Benjamin Northup) and Sarah A. Hopkins (née Allen) in Portland, Maine, and grew up in Boston, Massachusetts. Her father was influential in Providence, Rhode Island, due to his political ties and her mother was a native of Exeter, New Hampshire. Her maternal ancestry traces back to the famous New-Hampshire natives Nathaniel and Thomas Paul, who were of religious prominence for their Baptist ministry and the latter for opening the first Black Baptist church in the Boston area Allegations of infidelity led to Allen filing for divorce and shortly afterwards she met and married William Hopkins.
<Aventure_Malgache>	Aventure Malgache (1944) is a short British propaganda film in French directed by Alfred Hitchcock for the British Ministry of Information. The title means Malagasy Adventure in English.There are conflicting reports as to the true inspiration for the film, lawyer Jules François Clermont or actor Claude Dauphin. Some sources claim the film is based on the real-life activities of Jules François Clermont, who wrote and starred in the film under the name "Paul Clarus". In September 2011, The Daily Telegraph published an article noting that writer and actor Claude Dauphin had collaborated with Hitchcock to recount his own experiences of operating an underground radio station in Nazi occupied France.
<Chris_Cagle_(American_football)>	Christian Keener "Red" Cagle (May 1, 1905 – December 26, 1942) was an American athlete who was a three time All-American in football playing for the United States Military Academy Army football team. A star halfback, Cagle's prominence landed him on the cover of Time magazine in 1929.For five seasons, running from 1930 to 1934, Cagle played professional football in the National Football League. His 1932 salary with the New York Football Giants was second highest in the entire league. The following year Cagle became a co-owner of the new Brooklyn Dodgers NFL franchise, for which he also played, selling his stake upon his retirement in 1934.Cagle was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1954.
<FC_Dinamo_Minsk>	FC Dinamo Minsk (Belarusian: ФК Дынама Мінск, FK Dynama Minsk; Russian: ФК Динамо Минск) is a professional football club based in the Belarusian capital city of Minsk.It was founded in 1927 as part of the Soviet Dinamo Sports Society, and was the only club from the Byelorussian SSR that competed in the Soviet Top League, playing 39 of the 54 seasons, and winning the title in 1982. Since the independence of Belarus, the club participates in the Belarusian Premier League, having won 7 league titles and 3 Belarusian Cups.
<Educated_Youth_(novel)>	Educated Youth is a 1991 Chinese novel by Ye Xin. It was translated to English by Jing Han in 2016.Ye also wrote the teleplay of a highly successful TV adaptation Sinful Debt (1995), which shattered ratings record in Shanghai.In 1998, Ian Chapman also translated an excerpt (Chapter 2, Part 4) to English on the magazine Renditions, under the title The Wages of Sin.
<Jack_Lemmon>	John Uhler Lemmon III (February 8, 1925 – June 27, 2001) was an American actor. Considered equally proficient in both dramatic and comic roles, Lemmon was known for his anxious, middle-class everyman screen persona in dramedy pictures, leading The Guardian to coin him "the most successful tragi-comedian of his age."He starred in over sixty films and was nominated for an Academy Award eight times, winning twice, and received many other accolades, including six Golden Globe Awards (counting the honorary Cecil B. DeMille Award), two Cannes Film Festival Awards, two Volpi Cups, one Silver Bear, three BAFTA Awards, and two Emmy Awards. In 1988, he was awarded the American Film Institute's Lifetime Achievement Award for his contributions to the American cinema.
<France_national_under-19_football_team>	The France national under-19 football team is the national under-19 football team of France and is controlled by the French Football Federation. The team competes in the annual UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship. They were the 2010 champions of the competition having won on home soil. The under-19 team also contests the qualification matches needed to play in the FIFA U-20 World Cup, though the competition is classified as an under-20 tournament.The following players have also been called up to the France under-19 squad and remain eligible:The following teams qualified for the final tournament of the 2022 UEFA European Under-19 Championship.
<Wen-Tsuen_Chen>	Chen Wen-tsuen (Chinese: 陳文村; pinyin: Chén Wéncūn; born 27 May 1948) is an ethnic Taiwanese computer scientist, a distinguished research fellow at the Academia Sinica and a lifelong national chair of the Ministry of Education, Taiwan. From 2006 to 2010, he was the president of the National Tsing Hua University, a premier research university in Taiwan.Chen received his B.Sc. degree (1970) in nuclear engineering at the National Tsing Hua University, and his M.Sc. degree (1973) and Ph.D. degree (1976) in electrical engineering and computer sciences at the University of California, Berkeley. He has been with the National Tsing Hua University since 1976 when there were no computer, communication, and IC industries in Taiwan. He has since witnessed and contributed to its development from an agrarian economy to a world center for ICT technologies and products.Chen started his academic career as a faculty member of the computer science program of the Institute of Applied Mathematics of National Tsing Hua University. He helped found the Department of Computer Science of the university in 1977. He has also helped develop the software engineering program of the Institute for Information Industry, a non-governmental organization for promoting information industry in Taiwan, since its founding in 1979. In early 1980s, Chen established his computer network laboratory and was one of the pioneering computer network researchers in Taiwan.
<Michael_Atiyah>	Sir Michael Francis Atiyah OM PRS FRSE FMedSci FAA FREng (/əˈtiːə/; 22 April 1929 – 11 January 2019) was a British-Lebanese mathematician specialising in geometry. His contributions include the Atiyah–Singer index theorem and co-founding topological K-theory. He was awarded the Fields Medal in 1966 and the Abel Prize in 2004.Atiyah grew up in Sudan and Egypt but spent most of his academic life in the United Kingdom at the University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge and in the United States at the Institute for Advanced Study. He was the President of the Royal Society (1990–1995), founding director of the Isaac Newton Institute (1990–1996), master of Trinity College, Cambridge (1990–1997), chancellor of the University of Leicester (1995–2005), and the President of the Royal Society of Edinburgh (2005–2008). From 1997 until his death, he was an honorary professor in the University of Edinburgh.
<Media_Nusantara_Citra>	PT Media Nusantara Citra Tbk (commonly known as MNC Media or MNC) is an Indonesian media company founded on 17 June 1997 as PT Panca Andika Mandiri, it was renamed to the present name on 12 September 2002. It is owned by PT Global Mediacom Tbk (formerly PT Bimantara Citra Tbk), which in turn is owned by MNC Asia Holding. On 17 October 2011, Los Angeles-based investment company Saban Capital Group acquired a 7.5% stake.MNC has core businesses in content. The group owns and operates four free-to-air television networks – RCTI, MNCTV, GTV, and iNews – as well as 19 channels broadcast on pay television under MNC Channels division. MNC also has other media based businesses that support its core businesses. Those businesses consist of radio, print media, talent management, and a production house.
<Amy_Madigan>	Amy Marie Madigan (born September 11, 1950) is an American actress. She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for the 1985 film Twice in a Lifetime. Her other film credits include Love Child (1982), Places in the Heart (1984), Field of Dreams (1989), Uncle Buck (1989), The Dark Half (1993), Pollock (2000), and Gone Baby Gone (2007). She won the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress on Television and was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie for her portrayal of Sarah Weddington in the 1989 television film Roe vs. Wade.Madigan was born September 11, 1950, in Chicago to a third-generation Roman Catholic Irish American family. Her father, John J. Madigan (1918–2012), was a well-known journalist who worked for Newsweek and provided political commentary on programs such as Meet the Press and Face the Nation. He interviewed a range of political figures, from Richard Nixon to Martin Luther King Jr., and hosted his own show with WBBM (AM). Her mother was Dolores (née Hanlon; 1921–1992), an administrative assistant and amateur actress who performed in community theatre. She has two brothers, Jack and Jim.
<Joan_Oates>	Joan Louise Oates, FBA (née Lines; born 6 May 1928) is an American archaeologist and academic, specialising in the Ancient Near East. From 1971 to 1995, she was a fellow and tutor of Girton College, Cambridge and a lecturer at the University of Cambridge. Since 1995, she has been a Senior Research Fellow of the McDonald Institute for Archaeological Research. Since 2004, she has been director of the excavations of Tell Brak; she was Co-Director, with her husband David Oates, between 1988 and 2004.Oates was born on 6 May 1928 to Harold Burdette Lines and Beatrice Naomi Lines. She obtained a BA degree at Syracuse University in New York, before winning a Fulbright Scholarship to study for a PhD at Girton College, Cambridge, which she received in 1953.While participating in the excavation of Nimrud, she met David Oates (1927–2004). They married in 1956 and together had three children. They collaborated on a number of archaeological publications and excavations.
<Synthesis_of_the_Doctrine_of_Race>	Giulio Cesare Andrea "Julius" Evola (Italian: [ˈɛːvola]; 19 May 1898 – 11 June 1974) was an Italian philosopher, poet, painter, esotericist, and radical-right ideologue. Evola regarded his values as aristocratic, masculine, traditionalist, heroic, and defiantly reactionary. An eccentric thinker in Fascist Italy, he also had ties to Nazi Germany; in the post-war era, he was known as an ideological mentor of the Italian neo-fascist and militant right.Evola was born in Rome. He served as an artillery officer in the First World War. He became a Dada artist but gave up painting in his twenties. He said he considered suicide until he had a revelation while reading a Buddhist text. In the 1920s he delved into the occult; he wrote on Western esotericism and of Eastern mysticism, developing his doctrine of "magical idealism".His writings blend various ideas of German idealism, Eastern doctrines, traditionalism and the interwar Conservative Revolution, with themes such as Hermeticism, the metaphysics of war and sex, Tantra, Buddhism, Taoism, mountaineering, the Holy Grail, civilisations, and decadence. Evola believed that mankind is living in the Kali Yuga, a Dark Age of unleashed materialistic appetites. To counter this and call in a primordial rebirth, Evola presented his "world of Tradition". According to scholar Franco Ferraresi, Evola’s thought can be considered one of the most consistently "antiegalitarian, antiliberal, antidemocratic, and antipopular systems in the twentieth century". Various writings by Evola are noted for their misogyny, racism, antisemitism, and attacks on Christianity and the Catholic Church.
<Rayco_García_Dauta>	Rayco García Dauta (born 23 March 1987), known simply as Rayco, is a Spanish footballer who plays for UD San Fernando as a forward.Born in Las Palmas, Canary Islands, Rayco began his football career with Real Madrid, first helping the Juvenil side win the Champions Cup then leading all scorers in the C team with 18 goals. In 2006–07 he made his professional debut, appearing for Real Madrid Castilla in the Segunda División. During the season, the player was brought mainly from the bench as they were eventually relegated.After spells with Villarreal CF's reserves and amateurs CDA Navalcarnero, Rayco moved to Real Oviedo, recently promoted to Segunda División B. For 2010–11 he signed with another club in that league, Rayo Vallecano's B side.
<Sophie_Grégoire_Trudeau>	Sophie Grégoire Trudeau (French: [sɔfi ɡʁeɡwɑʁ]; born April 24, 1975), also known as Sophie Grégoire, is a Canadian retired television host. She is married to the 23rd Prime Minister of Canada, Justin Trudeau. She is involved in charity work, social work, and public speaking, focusing mainly on the environment, women's issues, and children's issues. She was a "WE ambassador" for the WE Charity, which fell into scandal in 2020.Grégoire was born on April 24, 1975, in Montreal, Quebec, as the only child of Jean Grégoire, a stockbroker, and Estelle Blais, a Franco-Ontarian nurse. Her family lived north of the city, in Sainte-Adèle, eventually relocating to Montreal when she was four years old. She was raised thereafter in Montreal's Mount Royal suburb, where she was a classmate and childhood friend of Michel Trudeau, the youngest son of Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau and his wife Margaret and brother of Grégoire's future husband, Justin Trudeau.
<Cícero_Semedo>	Cícero Casimiro Sanches Semedo (born 8 May 1986), known simply as Cícero, is a Guinea-Bissauan professional footballer who plays as a forward for Portuguese club S.C. Salgueiros.A product of S.C. Braga's youth system, Cícero was in born in Seia, Guarda District. He was promoted to the first team for the 2004–05 campaign, making his official debut with the main squad in a 2–2 away draw against Académica de Coimbra on 30 August 2004. On 21 November, as a second-half substitute, he scored his first Primeira Liga goal, in a 2–0 home win over G.D. Estoril Praia.In January 2005, Cícero moved to Russia for FC Dynamo Moscow as many Portuguese players (or playing in the league) during that period, returning to Portugal in the 2009 January transfer window and joining Braga rivals Vitória de Guimarães. In the summer, he signed with Segunda Liga club U.D. Oliveirense in a season-long loan.
<Youngstown,_Ohio>	Youngstown is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio, and the largest city and county seat of Mahoning County. At the 2020 census, Youngstown had a city population of 60,068. It is a principal city of the Youngstown–Warren metropolitan area, which had a population of 541,243 in 2020, making it the 107th-largest metropolitan area in the United States and seventh-largest metro area in Ohio.Youngstown is situated on the Mahoning River, 58 miles (93 km) southeast of Cleveland and 61 miles (100 km) northwest of Pittsburgh. In addition to having its own media market, Youngstown is also part of the larger Northeast Ohio region. Youngstown is midway between Chicago and New York City via Interstate 80.
<Cheryl_Yeoh>	Cheryl Sew Hoy (née  Yeoh; born 31 May 1983) is an entrepreneur, speaker and angel investor, best known for being the founding CEO of the Malaysian Global Innovation and Creativity Centre (MaGIC), a government-funded agency to support entrepreneurship in Malaysia and ASEAN.She co-founded Reclip.It, which was acquired by Walmart Labs in 2013. Yeoh served as an independent non-executive director of Flexiroam Limited, an Australia-based telecommunications company from 2016 to 2018. She is currently an entrepreneur-in-residence at Silicon Valley Bank, and an advisor to various startups including blockchain infrastructure company Tendermint, the team that built Cosmos Network and Kenzie Academy.Yeoh has been credited with helping put Malaysia and its startups on the world map. In 2012, Yeoh was named "Top 44 Female Founders Every Entrepreneur Should Know" by Mashable.
<Ron_Livingston>	Ronald Joseph Livingston (born June 5, 1967) is an American actor. He is known for playing Peter Gibbons in the 1999 film Office Space and Captain Lewis Nixon III in the 2001 miniseries Band of Brothers.Livingston's other roles include the films Swingers (1996), Adaptation (2002), The Conjuring (2013); and the television series Loudermilk, and Boardwalk Empire, on which he appeared in the fourth season.Livingston was born in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, to Kurt Livingston, an aerospace/electronics engineer, and Linda (née Rinas), a Lutheran pastor. His younger brother, John, is also an actor; while his sister, Jennifer Livingston, and brother-in-law, Mike Thompson, are TV news personalities at WKBT in La Crosse, Wisconsin. 
<Liza_Minnelli>	Liza May Minnelli (/ˈlaɪzə/ LY-zə; born March 12, 1946) is an American actress, singer, dancer, and choreographer. Known for her commanding stage presence and powerful alto singing voice, Minnelli is among a rare group of performers awarded an Emmy, Grammy (Grammy Legend Award), Oscar, and Tony (EGOT). Minnelli is a Knight of the French Legion of Honour.Daughter of actress and singer Judy Garland and director Vincente Minnelli, Minnelli was born in Los Angeles, spent part of her childhood in Scarsdale, New York, and moved to New York City in 1961 where she began her career as a musical theatre actress, nightclub performer, and traditional pop music artist. She made her professional stage debut in the 1963 Off-Broadway revival of Best Foot Forward and received the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical for starring in Flora the Red Menace in 1965, which marked the start of her lifelong collaboration with John Kander and Fred Ebb. They wrote, produced or directed many of Minnelli's future stage acts and television series and helped create her stage persona of a stylized survivor, including her career-defining performances of anthems of survival ("New York, New York", "Cabaret", and "Maybe This Time"). Along with her roles on stage and screen, this persona and her style of performance contributed to Minnelli's status as an enduring gay icon.
<David_McCullough>	David Gaub McCullough (/məˈkʌlə/; July 7, 1933 – August 7, 2022) was an American popular historian. He was a two-time winner of the Pulitzer Prize and the National Book Award. In 2006, he was given the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the United States' highest civilian award. Born and raised in Pittsburgh, McCullough earned a degree in English literature from Yale University. His first book was The Johnstown Flood (1968), and he wrote nine more on such topics as Harry S. Truman, John Adams, Theodore Roosevelt, the Brooklyn Bridge, the Panama Canal, and the Wright brothers. McCullough also narrated numerous documentaries, such as The Civil War by Ken Burns, as well as the 2003 film Seabiscuit, and he hosted American Experience for twelve years.
<Coleen_Nolan>	Coleen Patricia Nolan (born 12 March 1965) is an English singer, television personality, and author. She was a member of the girl group The Nolans from 1980 to 1994, in which she sang with her sisters. Since 2000, Nolan has been a regular panellist on the ITV talk show Loose Women.From 2001 to 2002, Nolan co-presented the ITV daytime show This Morning and later returned to the show from 2010 to 2012 as a presenter of the interactive hub segments. In 2009, she competed in the fourth series of the ITV show Dancing on Ice, in which she finished in fourth place. In 2012, Nolan appeared in the tenth series of the Channel 5 reality series Celebrity Big Brother, finishing as runner-up. She returned to Celebrity Big Brother in 2017 and won the nineteenth series.
<Gao_Yuanyuan>	Gao Yuanyuan (simplified Chinese: 高圆圆; traditional Chinese: 高圓圓; pinyin: Gāo yuányuán, born 5 October 1979) is a Chinese actress and model.She ranked 64th on Forbes China Celebrity 100 list in 2013, 40th in 2014, 76th in 2015, and 86th in 2017.Gao Yuanyuan was born in Beijing and graduated from China Institute of Industrial Relations. Gao entered the entertainment industry in 1996. Gao, unlike other mainland Chinese actresses, did not graduate from any drama academic institutions. Rather, she started acting in a television commercial for Meadow Gold ice-cream after being spotted on the street at Beijing's Wangfujing shopping district.Gao made her debut in the 1997 film Spicy Love Soup. Thereafter, she starred in Beijing Bicycle (2001), which won the Silver Bear at the Berlin International Film Festival and romance film Spring Subway (2002). She rose to fame in 2003 for her role as Zhou Zhiruo in the television adaptation of Louis Cha's The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber.
<Yale_College>	Yale College is the undergraduate college of Yale University. Founded in 1701, it is the original school of the university. Although other Yale schools were founded as early as 1810, all of Yale was officially known as Yale College until 1887, when its schools were confederated and the institution was renamed Yale University. It is ranked as one of the top colleges in the United States.Originally established to train Congregationalist ministers, the college began teaching humanities and natural sciences by the late 18th century. At the same time, students began organizing extracurricular organizations: first literary societies, and later publications, sports teams, and singing groups. By the middle of the 19th century, it was the largest college in the United States. In 1847, it was joined by another undergraduate school at Yale, the Sheffield Scientific School, which was absorbed into the college in 1956. These merged curricula became the basis of the modern-day liberal arts curriculum, which requires students to take courses in a broad range of subjects, including foreign language, composition, sciences, and quantitative reasoning, in addition to electing a departmental major in their sophomore year.
<Camillo_Walzel>	Camillo Walzel (11 February 1829 –17 March 1895) was a German librettist and theatre director, who wrote under the pseudonym F Zell.Walzel was born in Magdeburg. In his early years, he worked in his father's lithographic factory, then studied at the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna, before joining the army. He later became an editor for a newspaper, then an employee of the Danube Steamship Company in 1856.He became an operetta librettist in the 1860s and eventually, from 1884 to 1889,  artistic director of the Theater an der Wien. One of his best-known works was the libretto for Karl Millöcker's operetta Der Bettelstudent, which he co-wrote with his long-term collaborator Richard Genée). His other libretti with Genée included Cagliostro in Wien (1875), Der lustige Krieg (1881) and Eine Nacht in Venedig (1883), all with music by Johann Strauss II.
<Dani_Mallo>	Daniel 'Dani' Mallo Castro (born 25 January 1979) is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.The better part of his senior career was spent at Deportivo, where he served almost exclusively as third choice in the first team, and Girona. Over eight seasons, he appeared in 152 matches in Segunda División.
<Henry_Street_Settlement>	The Henry Street Settlement is a not-for-profit social service agency in the Lower East Side neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City that provides social services, arts programs and health care services to New Yorkers of all ages. It was founded under the name Nurses' Settlement in 1893 by progressive reformer and nurse Lillian Wald.The Settlement serves about 50,000 people each year.  Clients include low-income individuals and families, survivors of domestic violence, youth ages 2 through 21, individuals with mental and physical health challenges, senior citizens, and arts and culture enthusiasts who attend performances, classes and exhibitions at Henry Street's Abrons Arts Center.
<Copley_Medal>	The Copley Medal is an award given by the Royal Society, for "outstanding achievements in research in any branch of science". It alternates between the physical sciences or mathematics and the biological sciences. Given every year, the medal is the oldest Royal Society medal awarded and the oldest surviving scientific award in the world, having first been given in 1731 to Stephen Gray, for "his new Electrical Experiments: – as an encouragement to him for the readiness he has always shown in obliging the Society with his discoveries and improvements in this part of Natural Knowledge".The medal was created following a donation of £100 to be used for carrying out experiments by Sir Godfrey Copley, for which the interest on the amount was used for several years. The conditions for the medal have been changed several times; in 1736, it was suggested that "a medal or other honorary prize should be bestowed on the person whose experiment should be best approved", and this remained the rule until 1831, when the conditions were changed so that the medal would be awarded to the researcher that the Royal Society Council decided most deserved it. A second donation of £1666 13s. 4d. (400,000 old pence) was made by Sir Joseph William Copley in 1881, and the interest from that amount is used to pay for the medal. The medal in its current format is made of silver-gilt and awarded with a £25,000 prize.Since its inception, it has been awarded to many distinguished scientists, including 52 winners of the Nobel Prize: 17 in Physics, 21 in Physiology or Medicine, and 14 in Chemistry.John Theophilus Desaguliers has won the medal the most often, winning three times, in 1734, 1736 and 1741. In 1976, Dorothy Hodgkin became the first female recipient; Jocelyn Bell Burnell, in 2021, is the second.
<Frédéric_Salat-Baroux>	Frédéric Salat-Baroux (born 12 July 1963) is a French civil servant serving as the chief of staff of President Jacques Chirac between 2005 and 2007.On 11 February 2011, Salat-Baroux married Claude Chirac, daughter of President Jacques Chirac
<Laura_Hickman>	Laura Curtis Hickman (born December 7, 1956, in Long Beach, California) is an American fantasy author, best known for her works in game design and fantasy novels cowritten with her husband, Tracy Hickman. She was one of the first women to write and publish a tabletop adventure.Laura Curtis was born on December 7, 1956, in Long Beach, California. She married Tracy Hickman in 1977. They have four children. Laura Hickman is a Latter-day Saint.Early on in her marriage, Hickman introduced her husband, Tracy, to the Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game. The two decided to co-write modules for the game while living in Provo, resulting in the original versions of the modules Rahasia and Pharaoh, which the Hickmans self-published through DayStar West Media in 1980. Their adventure modules began as "photocopied pages with covers [they] would staple together on the card table in [their] kitchen." These early modules were a significant innovation in for fantasy RPG modules, since they had an interesting story with an objective that was achievable in one or two sessions as well as dungeons that were based in the architecture of a possible location.
<George_Gilbert_Scott>	Sir George Gilbert Scott RA (13 July 1811 – 27 March 1878), known as Sir Gilbert Scott, was a prolific English Gothic Revival architect, chiefly associated with the design, building and renovation of churches and cathedrals, although he started his career as a leading designer of workhouses. Over 800 buildings were designed or altered by him.Scott was the architect of many iconic buildings, including the Midland Grand Hotel at St Pancras Station, the Albert Memorial, and the Foreign and Commonwealth Office, all in London, St Mary's Cathedral, Glasgow, the main building of the University of Glasgow, St Mary's Cathedral in Edinburgh and King's College Chapel, London.
<Pictures_from_the_Water_Trade>	Pictures from the Water Trade: An Englishman in Japan (1985) — published in the US as Pictures from the Water Trade: Adventures of a Westerner in Japan — is a novel by John David Morley, a cultural investigation of Japan in the 1970s.Told from the perspective of an authorial alias called ‘Boon’ (‘Bun-san’ to the Japanese), the book describes a series of initiations into Japanese language, family relations, love rites, shodo and the Mizu shōbai itself — the ‘water trade’ — a seedy night-world of cabarets, bars and brothels.
<Samuel_King_Allison>	Samuel King Allison (November 13, 1900 – September 15, 1965) was an American physicist, most notable for his role in the Manhattan Project, for which he was awarded the Medal for Merit. He was director of the Metallurgical Laboratory from 1943 until 1944, and later worked at the Los Alamos Laboratory — where he "rode herd" on the final stages of the project as part of the "Cowpuncher Committee", and read the countdown for the detonation of the Trinity nuclear test.  After the war, he returned to the University of Chicago to direct the Institute for Nuclear Studies and was involved in the "scientists' movement", lobbying for civilian control of nuclear weapons.Samuel King Allison was born in Chicago, Illinois, on November 13, 1900, the son of Samuel Buell Allison, an elementary school principal. He was educated at John Fiske Grammar School and Hyde Park High School. He entered the University of Chicago in 1917, and participated in varsity swimming and water basketball, while majoring in mathematics and chemistry. He graduated in 1921, and then embarked on his PhD in chemistry under the supervision of William Draper Harkins, writing his thesis on "Atomic Stability III, the Effects of Electrical Discharge and High Temperatures", a topic closely related to experimental physics.
<Karin_Dor>	Karin Dor (pronounced [ˈka.ʁiːn ˈdoːɐ̯] (listen), born Kätherose Derr; 22 February 1938 – 6 November 2017) was a German actress. She was famous to international audiences for her role as Bond girl Helga Brandt in the James Bond film You Only Live Twice (1967) and her appearance in the Alfred Hitchcock thriller Topaz (1969).Dor was born in Wiesbaden. She starred in the James Bond movie You Only Live Twice (1967) and the Alfred Hitchcock movie Topaz (1969).
<Dai_Xiangyu>	Dai Xiangyu (Chinese: 戴向宇; pinyin: Dài Xiàngyǔ; Wade–Giles: Tai4 Hsiang4 Yü3), previously known as Dai Yangtian (simplified Chinese: 戴阳天; traditional Chinese: 戴陽天; pinyin: Dài Yángtiān; Wade–Giles: Tai4 Yang2 T'ien1), is a Chinese actor and model formerly based in Singapore. He was a prominently a full-time Mediacorp artiste from 2007 to 2013.Dai was born in Shaoxing, Zhejiang province in 1984. He did some modeling in Japan and Shanghai. While in Shanghai he was talent-spotted by MediaCorp and moved to Singapore to sign the contract. His big break came in 2008 when he played Yamamoto Yousuke, a Japanese photographer, in the blockbuster series The Little Nyonya and earned a nomination for the Best Supporting Actor at the 2009 Star Awards. This role was supposed to go to Elvin Ng who was injured just before filming.
<Šarūnas_Bartas>	Šarūnas Bartas (born 16 August 1964) is a Lithuanian film director. One of the most prominent Lithuanian film directors internationally from the late 20th century. His 2015 film Peace to Us in Our Dreams was screened in the Directors' Fortnight section at the 2015 Cannes Film Festival. His film In the Dusk was part of the official selection of the 2020 Cannes Film Festival.This article about a Lithuanian film director is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Amartya_Sen>	Amartya Kumar Sen (Bengali: [ˈɔmortːo ˈʃen]; born 3 November 1933) is an Indian economist and philosopher, who since 1972 has taught and worked in the United Kingdom and the United States. Sen has made contributions to welfare economics, social choice theory, economic and social justice, economic theories of famines, decision theory, development economics, public health, and measures of well-being of countries.He is currently a Thomas W. Lamont University Professor, and Professor of Economics and Philosophy at Harvard University. He formerly served as Master of Trinity College at the University of Cambridge. He was awarded the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences in 1998 and India's Bharat Ratna in 1999 for his work in welfare economics. The German Publishers and Booksellers Association awarded him the 2020 Peace Prize of the German Book Trade for his pioneering scholarship addressing issues of global justice and combating social inequality in education and healthcare.
<Eastland_Mall_(North_Versailles,_Pennsylvania)>	Eastland Mall was a two-level, enclosed shopping mall located in North Versailles, Pennsylvania, situated on 57 acres (230,000 m2) of land at the peak of a hill overlooking the Monongahela River. The mall was home to such stores as Gimbels,  J.C. Penney, F.W. Woolworth Company, and Gee Bee Department Stores. The mall annex also included a two screen movie theater and auto repair center.The Gimbels department store chain began construction on Eastland Mall in 1961. After approximately two years of construction and $12 million of construction costs, Eastland Shopping Plaza opened on August 15, 1963. In addition to a 200,000-square-foot (19,000 m2) Gimbels, some of the nation's largest stores, J.C. Penney, National Record Mart, May-Stern, Kinney Shoes, Thom McAn, and F.W. Woolworth Company moved into the mall.  The first store to open was the Thorofare super market located at the western end of the plaza.When Eastland Shopping Plaza opened, downtown McKeesport suffered as J.C. Penney moved from McKeesport into Eastland Shopping Plaza. Three other McKeesport retailers, Immel's, Wander Sales, and Richard's Shoes, opened stores in Eastland. At its peak in the 1960s, Eastland Shopping Plaza employed 800 people.
<Maurice_Maeterlinck>	Maurice Polydore Marie Bernard Maeterlinck (29 August 1862 – 6 May 1949), also known as Count (or Comte) Maeterlinck from 1932, was a Belgian playwright, poet, and essayist who was Flemish but wrote in French. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1911 "in appreciation of his many-sided literary activities, and especially of his dramatic works, which are distinguished by a wealth of imagination and by a poetic fancy, which reveals, sometimes in the guise of a fairy tale, a deep inspiration, while in a mysterious way they appeal to the readers' own feelings and stimulate their imaginations". The main themes in his work are death and the meaning of life. He was a leading member of La Jeune Belgique group and his plays form an important part of the Symbolist movement. In later life, Maeterlinck faced credible accusations of plagiarism.Maeterlinck was born in Ghent, Belgium, to a wealthy, French-speaking family. His mother, Mathilde Colette Françoise (née Van den Bossche), came from a wealthy family. His father, Polydore, was a notary who enjoyed tending the greenhouses on their property.
<National_Bank_of_Greece>	Coordinates: 37°58′51.6″N 23°43′44.5″E﻿ / ﻿37.981000°N 23.729028°E﻿ / 37.981000; 23.729028The National Bank of Greece (NBG; Greek: Εθνική Τράπεζα της Ελλάδος) is a global banking and financial services company with its headquarters in Athens, Greece.85% of the company's pretax preprovision profits are derived from its operations in Greece, complemented by 15% from Southeastern Europe. The group offers financial products and services for corporate and institutional clients along with private and business customers. Services include banking services, brokerage, insurance, asset management, shipping finance, leasing and factoring markets. The group is the largest Greek bank by total assets and the third largest by market capitalisation of €1.06 billion as at 4 December 2018. It is the second largest by deposits in Greece after Piraeus Bank. It is fourth largest by Greek loan assets trailing Piraeus Bank, Alpha Bank and Eurobank Ergasias.
<Frederick_E._Gibson>	Frederick E. Gibson (born May 27, 1935) is a judge currently serving on the Federal Court of Canada.This Canadian biographical article relating to law is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Sun_Yi_(actress)>	Sun Yi (Chinese: 孙怡, born 4 June 1993) is a Chinese actress.In 2014, Sun was picked from 1000 candidates to star in the art-house film Pleasure. Love.. The film premiered at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival in the World Dramatic competition. Sun won the Best Actress at the Asian New Talent Awards. She also won Best New Actress at the 11th Chinese Young Generation Film Forum.In 2015, she starred in romantic comedy film My Original Dream which was screened in competition at the 28th Tokyo International Film Festival. The same year, she featured in the historical drama The Legend of Mi Yue.
<Charles_Barry>	Sir Charles Barry FRS RA (23 May 1795 – 12 May 1860) was a British architect, best known for his role in the rebuilding of the Palace of Westminster (also known as the Houses of Parliament) in London during the mid-19th century, but also responsible for numerous other buildings and gardens. He is known for his major contribution to the use of Italianate architecture in Britain, especially the use of the Palazzo as basis for the design of country houses, city mansions and public buildings. He also developed the Italian Renaissance garden style for the many gardens he designed around country houses.Born on 23 May 1795 in Bridge Street, Westminster (opposite the future site of the Clock Tower of the Palace of Westminster), he was the fourth son of Walter Edward Barry (died 1805), a stationer, and Frances Barry née Maybank (died 1798). He was baptised at St Margaret's, Westminster, into the Church of England, of which he was a lifelong member. His father remarried shortly after Frances died and Barry's stepmother Sarah would bring him up. He was educated at private schools in Homerton and then Aspley Guise, before being apprenticed to Middleton & Bailey, Lambeth architects and surveyors, at the age of 15. Barry exhibited drawings at the Royal Academy annually from 1812 to 1815. Upon the death of his father, Barry inherited a sum of money that allowed him, after coming of age, to undertake an extensive Grand Tour around the Mediterranean and Middle East, from 28 June 1817 to August 1820.
<Palgrave_Macmillan>	Palgrave Macmillan is a British academic and trade publishing company headquartered in the London Borough of Camden. Its programme includes textbooks, journals, monographs, professional and reference works in print and online. It maintains offices in London, New York, Shanghai, Melbourne, Sydney, Hong Kong, Delhi, and Johannesburg.Palgrave Macmillan was created in 2000 when St. Martin's Press in the US united with Macmillan Publishers in the UK to combine their worldwide academic publishing operations. The company was known simply as Palgrave until 2002, but has since been known as Palgrave Macmillan.
<Le_Beck_International>	Le Beck International is a Middle East-based security and risk management consultancy.Current CEO, Anthony Tesar, founded the company in August 2001. It was originally headquartered in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, but is now based out of the Kingdom of Bahrain. As of January 2017, the company employs over 20 individuals across several continents.The company provides security, threat, and vulnerability mitigation services for companies in a wide range of sectors. Le Beck operates through a commercially registered entity in Saudi Arabia under approval from the country's High Commission of Industrial Security (HCIS), a body which oversees critical sectors in the kingdom.
<Lee_Wallace_(actor)>	Lee Wallace (born Leo Melis; July 15, 1930 – December 20, 2020) was an American actor of film, stage, and television.Wallace was born as Leo Melis in Brooklyn, New York, the son of Celia (née Gross) and Eddie Melis.[citation needed] As of 2016, Wallace lived in New York City with his wife Marilyn Chris until his death on December 20, 2020.  The couple have one child, Paul Wallace.His movie roles include more than a dozen productions big and small, including Klute (1971), The Hot Rock (1972), The Taking of Pelham One Two Three (1974) as the Mayor of New York City, The Happy Hooker (1975), Diary of the Dead (1976), Thieves (1977), Private Benjamin (1980) as Mr. Waxman, World War III (1982), Daniel (1983), Batman (1989) as Gotham City's Mayor Borg, and Used People (1992). John Simon in his review of Batman called Wallace "a perfect Ed Koch lookalike".
<My_Dear_Brother>	My Dear Brother (Turkish: Canım Kardeşim) is a 1973 Turkish drama film directed by Ertem Eğilmez.Kahraman leads a poor but cheerful life with his brother Murat and his loyal friend Halit. Later in the night, after a fire at home, their father was poisoned by smoke and died. The hero remains to his brother Murat. Murat's friend Halit is fired and settles with Murat. Kahraman's only dream is to buy a television at home. Kahraman's remaining teacher calls his brother and tells him to take care of his brother's cleanliness. Then Hero becomes sluggish. Her brother and friend take her to the doctor and the doctor tells her that her brother has cancer. Murat and his friend are very surprised and upset when they get the news of Kahraman who has cancer. The doctor tells her brother to fulfill every request. Later, they meet with Kahraman's teacher and he gives permission until the disease is cleared. Murat and Halit try to fulfill every request of Kahraman.Despite their bad situation, they eat in restaurants, take them to the amusement park and fulfill every wish. They can't just buy the TV that Kahraman wants so much. They do everything they can to get the TV, but they can't take it. One night, as they return home, they steal the television they see in a store window and bring it home. Murat and Halit procure television, which is Kahraman's greatest desire, by playing on the last day of their promised date. They exhibit a rebellion against helplessness, and this time they become practitioners of violence against the system. Because there is a system violence that has been committed since the beginning of the film. They sit at home after they play the television and laugh, this is a moment of happiness without recipe for them and the audience. The system was defeated and imposed. They finally got what they wanted, but it's too late for Kahraman.
<Java_Card_OpenPlatform>	Java Card OpenPlatform (JCOP) is a smart card operating system for the Java Card platform developed by IBM Zürich Research Laboratory.On 31 January 2006 the development and support responsibilities transferred to the IBM Smart Card Technology team in Böblingen, Germany.Since July 2007 support and development activities for the JCOP operating system on NXP / Philips silicon are serviced by NXP Semiconductors.The title originates from the standards it complies with:A Java Card JCOP has a Java Card Virtual Machine (JCVM) which allows it to run applications written in Java programming language.
<Ralph_Gilles>	Ralph Victor Gilles (French pronunciation: ​[ʒij]; born 14 January 1970) is a Canadian-American automobile designer and executive. In 1992, he joined Chrysler. Gilles styled the North American Car of the Year-winning 2005 Chrysler 300.   Gilles also led the design team that created the 2014 SRT Viper. Gilles was the President and CEO of Chrysler's SRT brand and Senior Vice President of Design at Chrysler before being promoted to Head of Design for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles in April 2015. Following FCA's merger into the Stellantis group in 2021, he became chief design officer for the newly merged company.Born in New York City to Haitian immigrants, Gilles was raised in Montreal, Quebec. Gilles was drawing concept vehicles at the age of eight. When he was fourteen years old, his aunt Gisele Mouscardy sent one of his sketches to then Chrysler Chairman Lee Iacocca. A reply came from K. Neil Walling, Chrysler's design chief at the time, suggesting he attend one of three design schools.He lives in Oxford, Michigan.
<Gogglebox>	Gogglebox is a British reality television series created by Stephen Lambert, Tania Alexander and Tim Harcourt, and broadcast on Channel 4. The series documents families and groups of friends around the United Kingdom who are filmed for their observations and reactions to the previous week's television from their own homes. The first series launched on 7 March 2013, and the show began airing its nineteenth series on 18 February 2022. The show was narrated by Caroline Aherne from its launch until her death in July 2016, after which Craig Cash took over.The show has won numerous awards. In 2014 and 2022, it won a BAFTA in the Reality & Constructed Factual category. From 2015 to 2018, in 2021 and in 2022, it won a National Television Award. The success of Gogglebox spawned three spin-off series, including a version featuring children (Gogglesprogs), a version featuring 16 to 24-year-olds as they watch online content (Vlogglebox), and a version featuring celebrities (Celebrity Gogglebox).
<Westfield_North_County>	Coordinates: 33°4′6.9″N 117°3′59.2″W﻿ / ﻿33.068583°N 117.066444°W﻿ / 33.068583; -117.066444Westfield North County (formerly known as North County Fair & Westfield Shoppingtown North County) is a shopping mall in Escondido, California owned and operated by Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield. The anchor stores are Macy's, Target, JCPenney, and 24 Hour Fitness. There are 2 vacant anchor stores that were once Sears and Nordstrom.1980s
<Shafi_Goldwasser>	Shafrira Goldwasser (Hebrew: שפרירה גולדווסר; born 1959) is an Israeli-American computer scientist and winner of the Turing Award in 2012. She is the RSA Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at MIT, a professor of mathematical sciences at the Weizmann Institute of Science, Israel, co-founder and chief scientist of Duality Technologies and the director of the Simons Institute for the Theory of Computing at the University of California, Berkeley.Born in New York City, Goldwasser obtained her Bachelor of Science degree in 1979 in mathematics and science from Carnegie Mellon University. For her postgraduate study, she did a Master of Science degree in 1981 followed by a PhD (1984) in computer science from the University of California, Berkeley supervised by Manuel Blum.
<Mannheim_Steamroller>	Mannheim Steamroller is an American neoclassical new-age music ensemble founded and directed by percussionist/composer Chip Davis in 1974. The group is known primarily for its Fresh Aire series of albums, which blend classical music with elements of new age and rock, and for its modern recordings of Christmas music. The group has sold 28 million albums in the U.S. alone.Mannheim Steamroller began as an alias for record producer and composer Chip Davis. The name "Mannheim Steamroller" comes from an 18th-century German musical technique, Mannheim roller (German: Mannheimer Walze), a crescendo passage having a rising melodic line over an ostinato bass line, popularized by the Mannheim school of composition.Before the fame of Steamroller, Davis had been best known for collaborating with his friend Bill Fries on the songs of the country music character "C. W. McCall", of "Convoy" fame. The song was based on the character created by Fries and music composed by Davis for a series of Clio winning ads for Metz Baking Company for their Old Home Bread product. Davis was named Country Music Writer of the Year in 1976, a genre he is not fond of.
<Marcel_Benoist_Prize>	The Marcel Benoist Prize, offered by the Marcel Benoist Foundation, is a monetary prize that has been offered annually since 1920 to a scientist of Swiss nationality or residency who has made the most useful scientific discovery.  Emphasis is placed on those discoveries affecting human life. Since 1997, candidates in the humanities have also been eligible for the prize.The Marcel Benoist Foundation was established by the will of the French lawyer Marcel Benoist, a wartime resident of Lausanne, who died in 1918. It is managed by a group of trustees comprising the Swiss interior minister and heads of the main Swiss universities. It is often dubbed the "Swiss Nobel Prize."
<Arthur_Cayley>	Arthur Cayley FRS (/ˈkeɪli/; 16 August 1821 – 26 January 1895) was a prolific British mathematician who worked mostly on algebra. He helped found the modern British school of pure mathematics.As a child, Cayley enjoyed solving complex maths problems for amusement. He entered Trinity College, Cambridge, where he excelled in Greek, French, German, and Italian, as well as mathematics.  He worked as a lawyer for 14 years.
<Djibril_Cissé>	Djibril Cissé (French pronunciation: ​[dʒibʁil sise]; born 12 August 1981) is a French former professional footballer who played as a forward.He started his career at AC Arles in 1989, at the age of eight. After seven years at the club, he had a six-month spell at Nîmes Olympique, before moving to AJ Auxerre, joining the club's youth system. Cissé spent two years in the system, before graduating to the first team in 1998. After playing for Auxerre for six seasons, scoring 90 goals in 166 appearances, he moved to Premier League club Liverpool in 2004.
<Rivaldo>	Rivaldo Vítor Borba Ferreira (born 19 April 1972), known simply as Rivaldo (Brazilian Portuguese: [ʁiˈvawdu]), is a Brazilian former footballer who played mainly as an attacking midfielder but also as a second striker, and on occasion deployed as a wide midfielder or as a winger. Rivaldo is regarded as one of the greatest players of all time and among the most skillful and creative players of his generation. He was renowned for his bending free kicks, bicycle kicks, feints, powerful ball striking from distance, and ability to both score and create goals. In 1999, he won the Ballon d'Or and was named FIFA World Player of the Year. In 2004, he was named by Pelé in the FIFA 100 list of the world's greatest living players.Rivaldo started his career in 1991 with Brazilian club Santa Cruz, going on to have spells at Mogi Mirim, a loan spell at Corinthians, and Palmeiras. In 1996, he moved to Europe with Spanish side Deportivo de La Coruña, where his performances in his only season there led him to sign for Barcelona in 1997. At Barcelona, he formed a successful partnership with Dutch international Patrick Kluivert, and won consecutive La Liga titles in 1998 and 1999, as well as the 1998 Copa del Rey. Rivaldo notably scored a hattrick against Valencia in June 2001 which qualified Barcelona for the 2001-02 UEFA Champions League; the last goal was a last minute 20-yard bicycle kick winner and the hattrick itself is often ranked as the greatest ever. During his five-year tenure there, he scored 130 goals, ranking him among Barcelona's highest goalscorers of all time. 
<Britt_Allcroft>	Britt Allcroft (born Hilary Mary Allcroft, 14 December 1943) is a British writer, producer, director and voice actress. She is the creator of the children's television series Thomas the Tank Engine & Friends (later re-titled Thomas & Friends), Shining Time Station (with Rick Siggelkow), Mr. Conductor's Thomas Tales and Magic Adventures of Mumfie. She also wrote, co-produced and directed the film Thomas and the Magic Railroad (2000).She was born Hilary Mary Allcroft on 14 December 1943 in Worthing, West Sussex, England. At the age of 16, she changed her first name to Britt as her career in British radio and television gained momentum. She went on to create a succession of programmes for the BBC and ITV during the 1970s and 1980s, including Moon Clue Game, Dance Crazy and Keepsakes. Mothers By Daughters, produced for Channel Four, was broadcast by PBS in the United States. She also worked in theatre, staging shows at the London Palladium and Drury Lane Theatres.
<John_Estrada>	John Anthony Siason Estrada (born June 13, 1973) is a Filipino film and TV actor who has starred in a number of roles as a leading man, comedian and villain. He is a contract actor of ABS-CBN, where he remained there from 1990 to 2018 and returned on 2021, after which he transferred to GMA Network from 2018 to 2021. He also did a sitcom on TV5 called Everybody Hapi.John Anthony Siason Estrada was born in 1973 in Quezon City, Philippines, and grew up with his family at Isabela City, Basilan where his father (Vicente Estrada) was a Municipal Councilor and his mother (Lilia Siason-Estrada) a public school teacher. At an early age, he was regularly cast in a variety of school plays and presentations, usually taking on the lead roles.
<The_Idiots>	The Idiots (Danish: Idioterne) is a 1998 Danish dark comedy-drama film written and directed by Lars von Trier. It is his first film made in compliance with the Dogme 95 Manifesto, and is also known as Dogme #2. It is the second film in von Trier's Golden Heart Trilogy, preceded by Breaking the Waves (1996) and succeeded by Dancer in the Dark (2000). It is among the first films to be shot entirely with digital cameras.It was screened at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival and was nominated for the Palme d’Or, despite being met with widespread criticism upon release.
<Viacom_(original)>	The original incarnation of Viacom Inc. (derived from "Video & Audio Communications") was an American media conglomerate based in New York City. It began as CBS Television Film Sales, the broadcast syndication division of the CBS television network in 1952; it was renamed CBS Films in 1958, renamed CBS Enterprises in 1968, renamed Viacom in 1970, and spun off into its own company in 1971. Viacom was a distributor of CBS television series throughout the 1970s and 1980s, and also distributed syndicated television programs.In 1999, Viacom acquired the parent company of CBS, the former Westinghouse Electric Corporation, which had been renamed CBS Corporation in 1997. Viacom was split into the second CBS Corporation and Viacom incarnations, and ceased operations in 2006. The spin-off was structured so that CBS Corporation would be the legal successor to the first Viacom, with the second Viacom being an entirely separated company. The two companies eventually re-merged in 2019, leading to the formation of ViacomCBS, now known as Paramount.The Viacom's origin story set on March 16, 1952 — when CBS founded its broadcast syndication division, CBS Television Film Sales. It renamed as CBS Films in October 1958. On December 1, 1967, it again renamed as CBS Enterprises Inc.. On July 6, 1970, it announced that CBS Enterprises would be spin out from its parent company, and the same month the division was incorporated as Viacom, and spun off on January 1, 1971, amid new FCC rules forbidding television networks from owning syndication companies (the rules were later repealed). 
<Fernanda_Montenegro>	Arlette Pinheiro Esteves Torres ONM (née da Silva; born 16 October 1929), known by her stage name Fernanda Montenegro (/feʁˈnɐ̃dɐ mõtʃiˈnegɾu/), is a Brazilian stage, television and film actress. Considered by many the greatest Brazilian actress of all time, she is often referred to as the grande dame of Brazilian theater, cinema, and performing arts. She is the first, and to date the only, Brazilian nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress. She is also the first and only actress nominated for an Academy Award for a performance in a Portuguese language film,  for her work in Central Station (1998). In addition, she was the first Brazilian to win the International Emmy in the category of Best Actress for her performance in Sweet Mother (2013).Among the various national and international awards she has received in a career spanning more than sixty years, she was awarded in 1999 her country's highest civilian honor, the National Order of Merit, "in recognition of her outstanding work in the Brazilian performing arts," delivered by then-president Fernando Henrique Cardoso. In addition to having been awarded the Molière Prize five times, Fernanda Montenegro is a three-time recipient of the Governor Award of the State of São Paulo. She also won the Silver Bear for Best Actress at the 48th Berlin International Film Festival 1998 for her performance as "Dora" in Central Station by Walter Salles, a role which earned her nominations for the Academy Award for Best Actress and the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama in 1999, among other distinctions. On television, she was the first actress hired by TV Tupi, in 1951, where she starred in teletheater shows under the direction of Fernando Torres, Sérgio Britto and Flávio Rangel. She made her debut in telenovelas in 1954 with A Muralha on RecordTV, where she appeared in other productions as well. She has done work in most of Brazil's main broadcasters, such as Band, TV Cultura, RecordTV e TV Globo (where she remains since 1981), in addition to the extinct TV Excelsior, TV Rio and TV Tupi.
<Alhambra_Theatre_Glasgow>	The Alhambra Theatre, Glasgow opened on 19 December 1910 at the corner of Waterloo Street and Wellington Street, Glasgow under the direction of Sir Alfred Butt and was acknowledged as one of the best equipped theatres in Britain, planned to accommodate 2,800 people.The theatre was designed by architect, Sir John James Burnet. It was built on the site of the popular Waterloo Rooms, which had previously been Wellington Street Church. The name derives from association with the Moorish palace in Granada, and was styled in "a cubic design with a colonnade of deep eaves, topped with twin oriental domes. Its exterior was red brick banded with black and panels of white-glazed tile towards the top. Inside were canopies with sparing Louis XVI decoration." .
<Timoteo_Luberza>	Timoteo Luberza de San Martín (ca. 1820 - ca. 1895) was a nineteenth-century Puerto Rican engineer from Ponce, Puerto Rico. He was responsible for the 1875 Ponce water supply system, including the dam in Rio Portugues, and the Calle del Agua masonry arch aqueduct in barrio Portugues Urbano in Ponce.  In 1864, he served briefly as mayor of the nearby town of Yauco. He is best remembered for designing Plaza del Mercado de Ponce.Luberza was Public Works Inspecting Engineer for Puerto Rico's Western District. Luberza also designed aqueducts, bridges, roads, and various buildings.  In 1878, he owned hacienda Retiro in Barrio Vayas.
<Ellen_Lewin>	Ellen Lewin is an American author, anthropologist, and academic.  Lewin, a lesbian, focuses her work on areas of motherhood, sexuality, and reproduction. She received the Ruth Benedict Prize in 1992 for her monograph, Lesbian Mothers: Accounts of Gender in American Culture.. Lewin is a professor of anthropology at the University of Iowa.Ellen Lewin received her A.B. (Bachelors of Arts) in 1967 for linguistics from the College of the University of Chicago. She went on to obtain her AM (Masters of Arts) in Anthropology in 1968 and later her Ph.D. in Anthropology in 1975 at Stanford University. She concluded her studies at Stanford University with one of her earlier works, Mothers and Children: Latin American Immigrants in San Francisco.Lewin conducted research on Latin American women in San Francisco for her dissertation. She also completed another study comparing aspects of motherhood among lesbians and heterosexual single women. Her research has focused on gender, sexuality, identity, reproduction, medical anthropology and lesbian/gay anthropology.
<Prestwich_Medal>	The Prestwich Medal is a medal of the Geological Society of London established in the will of Joseph Prestwich "to apply the accumulated annual proceeds...at the end of every three years, in providing a Gold Medal to the value of Twenty Pounds which, with the remainder of the proceeds is to be awarded... to the person or persons either male or female, and either resident in England or abroad, who shall have done well for the advancement of the Science of Geology; or, from time to time to accumulate the annual proceeds for a period not exceeding six years, and apply the said accumulated annual proceeds to some object of special research bearing on Stratigraphical or Physical Geology, to be carried out by one single individual or by a Committee; or, failing these objects, to accumulate the annual proceeds for either three or six years and devote such proceeds to such special purposes as may be decided".  The money has also been used for funding publication and a library extension.Source: Geological Society
<Heracles_General_Cement>	Heracles General Cement Corporation (Greek: Ανώνυμος Γενική Εταιρία Τσιμέντων Ηρακλής) (Α.Γ.Ε.Τ ΗΡΑΚΛΗΣ) is a Greece-based cement, concrete and aggregates company which operates a large number of plants and  facilities throughout Greece and Switzerland.HERACLES General Cement Company S.A. is a subsidiary of LafargeHolcim.As of September 2018, it employs 511.The company is headquartered in Athens, Greece.
<Aiden_English>	Matthew Thomas Rehwoldt (born October 7, 1987) is an American color commentator and retired professional wrestler who currently appears in Impact Wrestling where he performs under his real name. He is best known for his time in WWE, where he performed under the ring name Aiden English.Rehwoldt signed a development contract with WWE in 2012 and was assigned to the farm territory Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW) and later to NXT. In NXT, he formed a tag team called The Vaudevillains with Simon Gotch, winning the NXT Tag Team Championship. They were called to the main roster in 2016, but the team ended in 2017 when Gotch was released. English was then paired with Rusev, starting an act where every day was "Rusev Day". In 2019, he became a color commentator on 205 Live and NXT UK, but he was released in April 2020. He also worked on the independent circuit and Impact Wrestling using both his real name and the name Matt Morris.
<Rubén_González_Rocha>	Rubén González Rocha (born 29 January 1982), sometimes known simply as Rubén, is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a central defender. He came through the youth ranks at Real Madrid, but appeared in only 11 official matches in four years. He amassed La Liga totals of 118 games and five goals during ten seasons, also representing Albacete, Racing de Santander, Mallorca and Osasuna.
<Dragan_Nikolić>	Dragoslav "Dragan" Nikolić (Serbian Cyrillic: Драгослав Драган Николић, pronounced [drǎgoslaʋ drǎɡan nǐkolit͡ɕ]; 20 August 1943 – 11 March 2016) was a Yugoslav and later, Serbian actor.Nikolić studied at Dramatic Arts Academy in Belgrade. In 1967 he starred in the film Kad budem mrtav i beo, which was the beginning of a career that lasted 50 years. Dragan Nikolić has since appeared in many films of different genres and portrayed various characters, becoming one of the most  recognizable actors in Serbian cinema. In 2000, he received the "Pavle Vuisić" Award for his lifework. From 2011 to 2013, he was the television host on the Serbian edition of quiz Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?.
<New_Haven,_Connecticut>	New Haven is a city in the U.S. state of Connecticut. It is located on New Haven Harbor on the northern shore of Long Island Sound in New Haven County, Connecticut and is part of the New York City metropolitan area. With a population of 134,023 as determined by the 2020 U.S. census, New Haven is the third largest city in Connecticut after Bridgeport and Stamford and the principal municipality of Greater New Haven, which had a total 2020 population of 864,835.New Haven was one of the first planned cities in the U.S. A year after its founding by English Puritans in 1638, eight streets were laid out in a four-by-four grid, creating the "Nine Square Plan". The central common block is the New Haven Green, a 16-acre (6 ha) square at the center of Downtown New Haven.  The Green is now a National Historic Landmark, and the "Nine Square Plan" is recognized by the American Planning Association as a National Planning Landmark.
<Scott_Albert_(writer)>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Jack_Dodson>	John Smeaton "Jack" Dodson (May 16, 1931 – September 16, 1994) was an American television actor best remembered for the milquetoast character Howard Sprague on The Andy Griffith Show and its spin-off Mayberry R.F.D.  From 1959 until his death in 1994, Dodson was married to television art director Mary Dodson.In 1966, Andy Griffith hired Dodson for the Howard Sprague role, having previously seen him in Broadway's Hughie. Dodson also portrayed insurance agent Ed Jenkins in the "Lost and Found" episode of The Andy Griffith Show. Dodson also appeared in episodes of My Friend Flicka, Hazel, The Virginian, Maude, Barney Miller (four episodes), Welcome Back Kotter, Archie Bunker's Place, Newhart, Mr. Belvedere, Matlock, Mama's Family, and St. Elsewhere, on which he had a recurring role.
<The_King_of_Kong>	The King of Kong: A Fistful of Quarters is a 2007 American documentary film about competitive arcade gaming directed by Seth Gordon. It follows Steve Wiebe in his attempts to take the high score record for the 1981 arcade game Donkey Kong from Billy Mitchell. The film premiered at the 2007 Slamdance Film Festival and was released in U.S. theaters in August 2007. It received positive reviews.Walter Day is the founder of Twin Galaxies, an organization dedicated to tracking high scores in arcade games, especially those from the golden age of arcade games of the early 1980s. Restaurateur Billy Mitchell holds the high score for several arcade games, including the original 1981 release of Donkey Kong.In Redmond, Washington, out-of-work engineer Steve Wiebe has purchased a Donkey Kong cabinet in hopes of achieving the world record. Using his mathematical knowledge to identify exploitable patterns in the game, Wiebe sets a new record of 947,200 points in 2003. He sends the tape to Twin Galaxies as evidence and becomes a Seattle celebrity. Wiebe sets a new record with a score of 1,006,600 – the first-ever score over a million.
<André_Weil>	Borel–Weil theoremChern–Weil homomorphismChern–Weil theoryDe Rham–Weil theoremWeil's explicit formulaHasse-Weil boundHasse–Weil zeta functionHasse–Weil L-functionMordell–Weil groupMordell–Weil theoremOka–Weil theoremSiegel–Weil formulaShafarevich–Weil theoremTaniyama–Shimura–Weil conjectureWeil algebraWeil–Brezin MapWeil–Châtelet groupWeil cohomologyWeil conjecture (disambiguation)Weil conjecturesWeil conjecture on Tamagawa numbersWeil's criterionWeil–Deligne group schemeWeil distributionWeil divisorWeil groupWeil heightWeil numberWeil pairingWeil–Petersson metricWeil reciprocity lawWeil representationAndré Weil (/ˈveɪ/; French: [ɑ̃dʁe vɛj]; 6 May 1906 – 6 August 1998) was a French mathematician, known for his foundational work in number theory and algebraic geometry. He was a founding member and the de facto early leader of the mathematical Bourbaki group. The philosopher Simone Weil was his sister. The writer Sylvie Weil is his daughter.
<Qwest>	Qwest Communications International, Inc. was a United States telecommunications carrier. Qwest provided local service in 14 western and midwestern U.S. states: Arizona, Colorado, Idaho, Iowa, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, New Mexico, North Dakota, Oregon, South Dakota, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming.On April 22, 2010, CenturyLink announced it would acquire Qwest in a stock transaction. The merger closed on April 1, 2011. Qwest began doing business as CenturyLink in August 2011.Qwest provided voice, Internet backbone data services, and digital television in some areas. It operated in three segments: Wireline Services, Wireless Services, and Other Services. The Wireline Services segment provided local voice, long-distance voice, and data and Internet (DSL) services to consumers, businesses, and wholesale customers, as well as access services to wholesale customers. The Wireless Services segment was achieved by a partnership with Verizon Wireless. Qwest also partnered with DirecTV to provide digital television service to its customers. In Phoenix, Denver, Salt Lake City, Boise, and Omaha, Qwest offered Qwest Choice TV (later also known as Qwest Digital Television), an IPTV service over DSL. This service was retired in October 2008 (after being no longer available to new customers in May 2008), leaving DirecTV as the only TV service Qwest provided. Qwest Choice TV customers were moved to DirecTV. The Other Services segment primarily involved the sublease of real estate assets, such as space in office buildings, warehouses, and other properties.
<Emmanuel_de_Margerie>	Emmanuel Marie Pierre Martin Jacquin de Margerie ForMemRS (11 November 1862 – 20 December 1953) was a French geographer after whom the Margerie Glacier was named, which he visited in 1913.Margerie was awarded the Cullum Geographical Medal of the American Geographical Society in 1919. In 1923 de Margerie was awarded the Mary Clark Thompson Medal from the National Academy of Sciences.The Margerie Glacier is named in his honour.
<Fero_(novel)>	Fero (Gujarati: ફેરો) (English: The Trip) is a Gujarati novel written by Radheshyam Sharma. It was published in 1968 by Rekha Prakashan in Ahmedabad. It is acclaimed in Gujarati literature for its experimental nature and is considered a literary milestone among modern Gujarati authors. It was followed by Sharma's similarly exploratory novel, Swapnatirtha.A couple, who have a mute, only-child, take a long journey to the Sun temple with the hope that the gift of speech is granted to their child. The trip is an attempt to appease their God. The mother is hopeful at the start of the journey, but the child is lost as the train pulls out of the final station before the destination. In an attempt to stop the train, the father raises his hand to pull the chain but hesitates before doing so. The story is written from the father's perspective, and the reader is only privy to his observations and reactions.The novel is narrated in the first person, beginning with the family's departure and ending before the journey's completion.
<Adel_Abdessemed>	Adel Abdessemed (born 1971) is an Algerian contemporary artist. He has worked in a variety of media, including animation, installation, performance, sculpture and video. Some of his work relates to the topic of violence in the world.Abdessemed was born in 1971 in Constantine, in eastern Algeria, to a Chaoui Berber family. He grew up in the area of the Aurès Mountains, and attended the École régionale des beaux-arts [fr] in Batna. He then studied at the École supérieure des beaux-arts [fr] in Algiers. He left in 1994.
<Patrick_Lynch_(Australian_politician)>	Patrick Joseph Lynch (24 May 1867 – 15 January 1944) was an Australian politician who served as a Senator for Western Australia from 1907 to 1938. He was President of the Senate from 1932 to 1938. He began his career in the Australian Labor Party (ALP), but after the party split of 1916 joined the Nationalist Party and later the United Australia Party (UAP).Lynch was born in Skearke, County Meath, Ireland and educated at Cormeen National School and Bailieborough Model School, County Cavan.  He migrated to Queensland in 1886 and cut railway sleepers near Charleville and then travelled to the Croydon goldfields.  In 1888 he started to work on ships operating along the Australian coast and in the South Pacific, eventually qualifying as a marine engineer.  He worked as an engineer on a sugar plantation in Fiji and then on the Kalgoorlie goldfields in Western Australia.  He helped found and Goldfields and Engine-drivers' Association and was its general secretary from 1897 to 1904.  He married Annie Cleary in 1901.
<Helen_Hobbs>	Helen Haskell Hobbs, M.D., (born May 5, 1952 in Boston, Massachusetts) is a professor at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, and a Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigator, who won a 2016 Breakthrough Prize in Life Sciences and the 2018 Harrington Prize for Innovation in Medicine. She and Jonathan C. Cohen found that people with hypomorphic PCSK9 mutations had lower LDL-cholesterol levels and were almost immune to heart disease. This finding led to the development of a new class of cholesterol-lowering drugs that mimic the effects of the PCSK9 mutations.  She and Jonathan Cohen also identified the first genetic risk factor for fatty liver disease, a burgeoning health problem that can lead to cirrhosis and liver cancer. Their laboratory has shown that mutation in PNPLA3 causes accumulation of PNPLA3 on lipid droplets, which compromises the mobilization of triglycerides from liver cells. She sits on the Board of Directors at Pfizer.Hobbs graduated from Stanford University and went to medical school at Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine. She completed an internship in internal medicine at Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center, where she met her future husband, a Texan who trained at UT Southwestern. Together, Hobbs and her husband, Dr. Dennis Stone, moved to Dallas, Texas in 1980, where she completed her medical training at Parkland Memorial Hospital, including a one-year stint as chief resident.Following the advice of Dr. Donald Seldin, the chairman of medicine at UT Southwestern Medical Center, she chose to pursue research after residency.  Again, following Dr. Seldin's recommendation, Hobbs took a research post-doctoral position studying lipoproteins at UT Southwestern in the laboratory of Michael S. Brown and Joseph L. Goldstein, Nobel Prize in Medicine winners in 1985.
<Peyote_Queen>	Peyote Queen is an experimental short film by Storm de Hirsch, produced in 1965.Peyote Queen is the second and best known part of de Hirsch's trilogy, The Color of Ritual, the Color of Thought. It is preceded by Divinations (1964) and Shaman (1966). The film's imagery is abstract, consisting of both live action footage and animated sequences which de Hirsch created by painting and etching directly on the 16mm film stock. Split screens, kaleidoscopic lenses, and abstract animations are used to create a psychedelic effect. De Hirsch had a background in painting (she published an interview of the abstract expressionist painter, Willem de Kooning, in 1955), and her films of this period have been described as "painterly." The soundtrack consists of African drumming and singing interspersed with American pop music.As an independent film, Peyote Queen is not well known to the general public, but it has received some positive reviews. Jonas Mekas was enthusiastic, writing in the Village Voice, "Among my favorites ... beauty and excitement." Dominique Noguez, writing in La Nouvelle Revue Française, called it "a very beautiful work! The abstractions drawn directly on film are like the paintings of Miró moving at full speed to the rhythm of an African beat." Reviewers for DINCA and Dangerous Minds have called it "an avant-garde gem" and "a psychedelic classic."
<Magdeburg>	Magdeburg (German: [ˈmakdəbʊʁk] (listen); Low Saxon: Meideborg [ˈmaˑɪdebɔɐ̯x]) is the capital and second-largest city of the German state Saxony-Anhalt. The city is situated at the Elbe river.Otto I, the first Holy Roman Emperor and founder of the Archdiocese of Magdeburg, was buried in the city's cathedral after his death. Magdeburg's version of German town law, known as Magdeburg rights, spread throughout Central and Eastern Europe. In the Late Middle Ages, Magdeburg was one of the largest and most prosperous German cities and a notable member of the Hanseatic League. One of the most notable people from the city is Otto von Guericke, famous for his experiments with the Magdeburg hemispheres.
<Bhupen_Hazarika>	Bhupen Hazarika (Assamese: [bʱupɛn ɦazɔɹika] (listen)) (8 September 1926 – 5 November 2011) was an Indian playback singer, lyricist, musician, poet, actor, filmmaker and politician from Assam, widely known as Sudha Kontho (meaning cuckoo, literally "nectar-throated"). His songs were written and sung mainly in the Assamese language by himself, are marked by humanity and universal brotherhood and have been translated and sung in many languages, most notably in Bengali and Hindi.His songs, based on the themes of communal amity, universal justice and empathy, are especially popular among the people of Assam, West Bengal and Bangladesh. He is also acknowledged to have introduced the culture and folk music of Assam and Northeast India to Hindi cinema at the national level. He received the National Film Award for Best Music Direction in 1975, the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award (1987), Padma Shri (1977), and Padma Bhushan (2001), Dada Saheb Phalke Award (1992), the highest award for cinema in India and Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship (2008), the highest award of the Sangeet Natak Akademi. He was posthumously awarded both the Padma Vibhushan, India's second-highest civilian award, in 2012, and the Bharat Ratna, India's highest civilian award, in 2019. Hazarika also held the position of the Chairman of the Sangeet Natak Akademi from December 1998 to December 2003.
<Gisvi>	Gisvi Isaque Andrade Antunes (born 6 March 1982 in Windhoek, South-West Africa), known simply as Gisvi, is a Portuguese former footballer who played as a forward.Sporting
<Stefano_Rodotà>	Stefano Rodotà (30 May 1933 – 23 June 2017) was an Italian jurist and politician.Born in 1933 in Cosenza, to a middle-class family of San Benedetto Ullano, he attended Liceo classico Bernardino Telesio in his hometown and later the Sapienza University of Rome, where he graduated in 1955 under professor Emilio Betti, an Italian jurist, Roman Law scholar, philosopher and theologian, best known for his contributions to hermeneutics.
<Sotiris_Kovos>	Sotiris Kovos is a Greek automobile designer born in Athens in 1965. He studied in Greece and the United Kingdom and became known after his design of Toyota Yaris, introduced in 1999. He is also responsible[citation needed] for a number of concept cars as well as the Lexus SC 430 (Z40) convertible. Since 2002 he has designed scooters and motorcycles for Nipponia, a motorcycle company based in Athens, Greece.
<Jill_Gascoine>	Jill Viola Gascoine (11 April 1937 – 28 April 2020) was an English actress and novelist. She portrayed  Detective Inspector Maggie Forbes in the 1980s television series The Gentle Touch and its spin-off series C.A.T.S. Eyes. In the 1990s, she also became a novelist and published three books.Gascoine was born in Lambeth, the daughter of Francis Gascoine, a Quantity Surveyor, and his wife Irene, née Greenwood. She was sent to a boarding school, which she hated, later explaining that she was ridiculed by schoolteachers. After leaving school, in the 1950s, she went to the Edinburgh Festival Fringe to appear in a revue.
<Klaus_von_Klitzing>	Klaus von Klitzing (German: [klaʊ̯s fɔn ˈklɪ.t͡sɪŋ] (listen), born 28 June 1943, Schroda) is a German physicist, known for discovery of the integer quantum Hall effect, for which he was awarded the 1985 Nobel Prize in Physics.In 1962, Klitzing passed the Abitur at the Artland-Gymnasium in Quakenbrück, Germany, before studying physics at the Braunschweig University of Technology, where he received his diploma in 1969. He continued his studies at the University of Würzburg at the chair of Gottfried Landwehr, completing his PhD thesis entitled Galvanomagnetic Properties of Tellurium in Strong Magnetic Fields in 1972, and gaining habilitation in 1978.
<Blue_Remembered_Hills>	"Blue Remembered Hills" is the 14th episode of ninth season of the British BBC anthology TV series Play for Today. The episode was a television play that was originally broadcast on 30 January 1979. "Blue Remembered Hills" was written by Dennis Potter, directed by Brian Gibson and produced by Kenith Trodd.The play concerns a group of seven-year-olds playing in the Forest of Dean one summer afternoon in 1943. It ends abruptly when the character Donald is burned to death, partly as a result of the other children's actions. Perhaps the most striking feature of the play is that, although the characters are children, they are played by adult actors. Potter first used this device in Stand Up, Nigel Barton (1965) and returned to it in Cold Lazarus (1996).
<CD_Numancia>	Club Deportivo Numancia de Soria, S.A.D. is a Spanish football club in Soria, in the autonomous community of Castile and León. Founded on 9 April 1945, it plays in Primera División RFEF – Group 2, holding home games at Nuevo Estadio Los Pajaritos.Besides football it had other departments in sports, such as volleyball, women's handball, and rhythmic gymnastics.
<The_Valley_of_Kashmir>	The Valley of Kashmir (1895) is a travel book by the English writer Sir Walter Roper Lawrence. The author served in the Indian Civil Service in British India during which he was appointed as a first Settlement Commissioner of Kashmir.The Valley of Kashmir is the summary of Lawrence's visit to Kashmir. He travelled to almost every corner of the Valley and developed a close affinity with the people who figure prominently in the work. The book describes the geography, culture in brief and the hardships faced by the Kashmiri people under the rule of Dogras.[citation needed] The book was first published in 1895 by H. Frowde in London.
<George_Eckstein>	George Eckstein (May 3, 1928 – September 12, 2009) was an American writer and television producer whose career spanned three decades, from the early 1960s through the late 1980s. Eckstein was a producer of many popular television programs such as The Invaders and The Name of the Game (Robert Stack segment), in addition to penning the scripts of many others, including Gunsmoke, and Cannon. He co-wrote The Fugitive final two part episode, "The Judgment" (1967). He was Executive Producer on the series Banacek. From the late 1970s onward, the bulk of Eckstein’s producing work was on several made-for-TV movies and specials, with a year’s stint as executive producer of the NBC series Love, Sidney in the midst.Eckstein was born in Los Angeles, California, the son of Ruth (née Wexler) and George Eckstein, a salesman.He was married to actress Ann Morgan Guilbert from 1953 until their divorce in 1966, and had two children with her, agent/acting instructor Nora Eckstein and actress Hallie Todd. He later married actress Selette Cole, and had one daughter, Jennifer.
<Order_of_Canada>	The Order of Canada (French: Ordre du Canada; abbreviated as OC) is a Canadian state order and the second-highest honour for merit in the system of orders, decorations, and medals of Canada, after the Order of Merit.To coincide with the centennial of Canadian Confederation, the three-tiered order was established in 1967 as a fellowship that recognizes the outstanding merit or distinguished service of Canadians who make a major difference to Canada through lifelong contributions in every field of endeavour, as well as the efforts by non-Canadians who have made the world better by their actions. Membership is accorded to those who exemplify the order's Latin motto, desiderantes meliorem patriam, meaning "they desire a better country", a phrase taken from Hebrews 11:16. The three tiers of the order are Companion, Officer, and Member; specific individuals may be given extraordinary membership and deserving non-Canadians may receive honorary appointment into each grade.
<Castlecliff_Branch>	The Castlecliff Branch is a branch line railway 5.88 km long in the Manawatu-Whanganui region of New Zealand's North Island.  It is an extension of the Wanganui Branch from Taupo Quay in central Whanganui and follows the Whanganui River to Castlecliff on the South Taranaki Bight of the Tasman Sea.  From its opening on 31 October 1885 until 1 February 1956 when the NZR took over, it was owned by the Wanganui Heads Railway Company, later renamed the Castlecliff Railway Company.  From 5 September 2006 services on the branch (named the Castlecliff Industrial Line) were suspended but the infrastructure remained in place. In 2011 KiwiRail resumed services on part of the line.In 1878, the Foxton and Wanganui Railway was opened. The southernmost portion between Foxton and Longburn became the now-closed Foxton Branch, the section from Longburn through Palmerston North to Marton part of the North Island Main Trunk Railway, the section from Marton to Aramoho part of the Marton - New Plymouth Line, and the 5 km from Aramoho to central Wanganui, opened on 21 January 1878, became the Wanganui Branch.  This line was intended to link the ports of Wanganui and Foxton with the Manawatu hinterland and form part of a trunk route from Wellington to Taranaki. However the line's terminus at Taupo Quay was roughly 6 km from Whanganui's port at Castecliff.  This led to the formation of the "Wanganui Heads Railway Company" (WHRC) to provide a direct rail link to the port.
<Juan_Rulfo>	Juan Nepomuceno Carlos Pérez Rulfo Vizcaíno, best known as Juan Rulfo (Spanish: [ˈxwan ˈrulfo] audio (help·info); 16 May 1917 – 7 January 1986), was a Mexican writer, screenwriter, and photographer. He is best known for two literary works, the 1955 novel Pedro Páramo, and the collection of short stories El Llano en llamas (1953). This collection includes the popular tale "¡Diles que no me maten!" ("Tell Them Not to Kill Me!").Rulfo was born in 1917 in Apulco, Jalisco (although he was registered at Sayula), in the home of his paternal grandfather. Rulfo's birth year was often listed as 1918, because he had provided an inaccurate date to get into the military academy that his uncle, David Pérez Rulfo — a colonel working for the government — directed.After his father was killed in 1923 and his mother died in 1927, Rulfo's grandmother raised him in Guadalajara, Jalisco.  Their extended family consisted of landowners whose fortunes were ruined by the Mexican Revolution and the Cristero War of 1926–1928, a Roman Catholic revolt against the persecutions of Christians by the Mexican government, following the Mexican Revolution.
<Un_taxi_mauve>	Un taxi mauve ("a mauve taxi") is a 1973 novel by the French writer Michel Déon. It tells the story of a man who settles on the Irish countryside, where he encounters and befriends a number of mysterious and eccentric persons.The novel received the Grand Prix du roman de l'Académie française. It was adapted into the 1977 film The Purple Taxi, directed by Yves Boisset.
<Naked_City_(TV_series)>	Naked City is an American police procedural television series from Screen Gems that aired on ABC from 1958 to 1959 and from 1960 to 1963. It was inspired by the 1948 motion picture The Naked City and mimics its dramatic "semi-documentary" format. As in the film, each episode concluded with a narrator intoning the iconic line: "There are eight million stories in the naked city. This has been one of them."The Naked City episode "Four Sweet Corners" (1959) inspired the series Route 66, created by Stirling Silliphant. Route 66 was broadcast by CBS from 1960 to 1964, and, like Naked City, followed the "semi-anthology" format of building the stories around the guest actors, rather than the regular cast. In 1997, the episode "Sweet Prince of Delancey Street" (1961) was ranked number 93 on TV Guide's "100 Greatest Episodes of All Time" list.
<Henry_Rathbone>	Henry Reed Rathbone (July 1, 1837 – August 14, 1911) was a United States military officer and diplomat who was present at the assassination of President Abraham Lincoln. Rathbone was sitting with his fiancée, Clara Harris, next to the president and his wife, Mary Todd Lincoln, when John Wilkes Booth entered the president's box at Ford's Theatre and fatally shot Lincoln in the head. When Rathbone attempted to prevent Booth from fleeing the scene, Booth stabbed and seriously wounded him.Henry Rathbone was born in Albany, New York, one of four children of Jared L. Rathbone, a merchant and wealthy businessman who later became Albany's first elected mayor, and Pauline Rathbone (née Penney). Upon his father's death in 1845, Rathbone inherited US$200,000 (equivalent to $5,800,000 in 2021). His widowed mother married Ira Harris in 1848. Harris was appointed U.S. Senator from New York after William H. Seward became Lincoln's Secretary of State. Harris was a widower with four children whose wife, Louisa, had also died in 1845. As a result of this marriage, Ira Harris became Rathbone's stepfather, and his daughter, Clara, became Rathbone's stepsister. Rathbone and Clara Harris formed a close friendship and later fell in love. The two became engaged shortly before the American Civil War.
<Jean_Wallace>	Jean Wallace (born Jean Walasek or Wallasek; October 12, 1923 – February 14, 1990) was an American television and film actress.Wallace was born in Chicago, Illinois to John T. Walaszek and Mary A. Walaszek (née Sharkey). Her grandfather Karol Walaszek emigrated from Galicia. She was Polish-American.
<Electrocutionist>	Electrocutionist (February 24, 2001 - September 9, 2006) was a Thoroughbred racehorse. Electrocutionist won eight of his 12 career starts, including three Grade I's, and won more than $5.6 million.  Racing four times for the operation based in both Dubai and Newmarket, he was scheduled to participate in the Emirates Airline Champion Stakes (Eng-I) at Newmarket on Oct. 14, 2006.He was owned by Earle I. Mack, United States Ambassador to Finland and a member of the board of directors of the New York Racing Association. Electrocutionist was trained in Italy by Valfredo Valiani before being bought by Godolphin Racing in November 2005. Based in Dubai during the winter months, in the spring of 2006 he was sent to Godolphin's stables in Newmarket, England.After winning the 2006 Dubai World Cup, Electrocutionist placed second to Ouija Board in the Prince of Wales's Stakes at Royal Ascot, and finished second again by a short margin to Hurricane Run in the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes, also at Ascot.
<Michael_N._Hall>	Michael Nip Hall (born 1953) is an American-Swiss molecular biologist and professor at the Biozentrum University of Basel, Switzerland.Hall grew up in South America (Venezuela, Peru). He earned a Bachelor of Science in Zoology from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1976, and a PhD in Molecular Genetics from Harvard University in 1981. Hall was a postdoctoral fellow at the Institut Pasteur in Paris and at the University of California, San Francisco. He was appointed an assistant professor at the Biozentrum of the University of Basel in 1987, and became a full professor in 1992. From 1995 to 1998 and from 2002 to 2009 he was head of the Division of Biochemistry, and from 2002 until 2009 was Deputy Director of the Biozentrum.
<Phyllis_Logan>	Phyllis Logan (born 11 January 1956) is a Scottish actress, known for playing Lady Jane Felsham in Lovejoy (1986–1993) and Mrs Hughes (later Carson) in Downton Abbey (2010–2015). She won the BAFTA Award for Most Promising Newcomer for the 1983 film Another Time, Another Place. Her other film appearances include Secrets & Lies (1996), Shooting Fish (1997), Downton Abbey (2019) and Misbehaviour (2020).Logan’s father, David, was a Rolls-Royce engineer and a trade-union leader and became the secretary of his local branch of the AUEW (Amalgamated Union of Engineering Workers). Phyllis is the youngest in her family and has a brother and a sister. Her father died at the age of 59 while she was at drama school.
<Miguel_Herrero_y_Rodríguez_de_Miñón>	Miguel Herrero y Rodríguez de Miñón (born 18 June 1940) is a Spanish jurist and politician. A member of the Union of the Democratic Centre until 1982, then of People's Alliance and its successor, the People's Party, he is one of the "Fathers of the Constitution", the seven legislators who participating in the draft of the Spanish constitutional text passed in 1978.Self-described as an "españolista de la España Grande" (roughly "spanishist of the Great Spain"), Herrero de Miñón has been placed as representative of a fringe strand of nationalism advocate of neoforalism within the Spanish conservative spectrum.
<Department_of_Education_building>	The Department of Education building is a heritage-listed state government administrative building of the Edwardian Baroque architectural style located in Bridge Street in the Sydney central business district in the City of Sydney local government area of New South Wales, Australia. The large public building was designed by Colonial Architect George McRae and built in two stages, the first completed in 1912, with John Reid and Son completing the second stage in 1938. It is also known as the Department of Education Building and the Education Building. The property was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.The building has been occupied by the Department of Education since its establishment, previously known as the Department of Public Instruction, and has a long association with the public life of New South Wales. Various portions of the building, previously occupied by Department of Agriculture, were subsumed by the Education Department in 1978 when the Department of Agriculture relocated to another city location. The NSW Department of Education moved out in 2018 and as of 2019 the building is being redeveloped by Singapore developer Pontiac Land Group, together with the nearby Department of Lands building, to become a luxury hotel, currently marketed as "the sandstone precinct".
<Joseph-Désiré_Job>	Joseph-Désiré Job (born 1 December 1977) is a former professional footballer who played as a left-winger or attacking midfielder. Born in France, Job represented the Cameroon national team.After starting his career in France, Job moved to English team Middlesbrough, where he spent six years and is most remembered for scoring one of the two goals in the 2004 League Cup Final, where Middlesbrough won their first ever trophy.
<Auguste_Rodin>	François Auguste René Rodin (12 November 1840 – 17 November 1917) was a French sculptor, generally considered the founder of modern sculpture. He was schooled traditionally and took a craftsman-like approach to his work. Rodin possessed a unique ability to model a complex, turbulent, and deeply pocketed surface in clay. He is known for such sculptures as The Thinker, Monument to Balzac, The Kiss, The Burghers of Calais, and The Gates of Hell.Many of Rodin's most notable sculptures were criticized, as they clashed with predominant figurative sculpture traditions in which works were decorative, formulaic, or highly thematic. Rodin's most original work departed from traditional themes of mythology and allegory. He modeled the human body with naturalism, and his sculptures celebrate individual character and physicality. Although Rodin was sensitive to the controversy surrounding his work, he refused to change his style, and his continued output brought increasing favor from the government and the artistic community.
<Central_Park_(Pittsburgh)>	Central Park was a baseball venue located in the Hill District of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania from 1921–1925. The stadium was the first black-owned, controlled and managed baseball park in the city. The ballpark served as the home of the Pittsburgh Keystones of the Negro National League. Officially named Central Amusement Park, the field's construction was commissioned in 1920 by Keystones' owner Alexander M. Williams and was designed by the prominent African-American architect, Louis Arnett Stuart Bellinger, who would later design Greenlee Field for the Pittsburgh Crawfords.The ballpark was on a block bounded by Humber Way (north/northwest, third base); buildings and Junilla Street (northeast/east, left field); Hallett Street (southeast/south, right field); and Chauncey Street (southwest/west, first base). Across Humber were buildings and then Wylie Avenue. Well south of Hallett was a larger thoroughfare named Centre Avenue. Newspapers often gave the location as Wylie, Chauncey and Centre.
<Guy_Arkins>	James Guy Dalley Arkins (14 October 1888 – 2 August 1980) was an Australian politician.Born in Millthorpe, New South Wales, he was educated at public schools before becoming a builder. In 1915 he was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the Labor member for Castlereagh. After the Labor split of 1916 over conscription, Arkins joined the Nationalist Party. While still an MLA, he served in the military from 1916 to 1919. In 1920 he transferred to the seat of St George, and in 1927 to Rockdale. He contested Waverley in 1932, following the abolition of Rockdale, but was defeated by William Clementson.
<J._William_Schopf>	James William Schopf (born September 27, 1941) is an American paleobiologist and professor of earth sciences at the University of California Los Angeles. He is also Director of the Center for the Study of Evolution and the Origin of Life, and a member of the Department of Earth and Space Sciences, the Institute of Geophysics and Planetary Physics, and the Molecular Biology Institute at UCLA. He is most well known for his study of Precambrian prokaryotic life in Australia's Apex chert. Schopf has published extensively in the peer reviewed literature about the origins of life on Earth. He is the first to discover Precambrian microfossils in stromatolitic sediments of Australia (1965), South Africa (1966), Russia (1977), India (1978), and China (1984). He served as NASA's principal investigator of lunar samples during 1969–1974.James William Schopf was born in Urbana, Illinois, to father James M. Schopf, a paleontologist, and mother Esther Schopf, a school teacher. He was educated at Oberlin College, from where he graduated with AB degree in high honours in 1963. He joined Harvard University in 1963 and earned AM degree in 1965, and PhD in 1968. He was immediately appointed to the faculty of the University of California Los Angeles as Assistant Professor of Paleobiology. He was promoted to Associate Professor in 1970, and to full Professor in 1973. Since 1984 he holds a join post of Director of Center for the Study of Evolution and the Origin of Life at UCLA.
<Celldweller>	Celldweller is an American electronic rock project by multi-musician Klayton. Celldweller songs have been featured in many films, movie trailers, television shows and video games.The name Celldweller was derived from a nickname his mother gave him when he was a teenager, dubbed "Cellar Dweller", as he made all of his music in his parents' basement. Klayton had gained a devoted cult following in the mid 90s because of his industrial metal band Circle of Dust. After the dissolution of Circle of Dust, Klayton concurrently released both a posthumous collection of reworked Circle of Dust leftovers titled Disengage and an album for a new project, Angeldust, created in conjunction with illusionist Criss Angel. Both albums demonstrated Klayton's shift away from industrial metal and towards more electronic-modern industrial rock influences, incorporating richer electronic instrumentation and greater emphasis on melody. This change in style was a major step toward the sound that would come to define Celldweller's output. Klayton began creating songs for the Celldweller project in 1998/1999 and released a limited edition EP of three early Celldweller demos and two solo trance tracks, which quickly sold out. Klayton and Chriss Angel parted ways in May of 2000 after three albums' worth of material had been completed, allowing Klayton to devote all of his time to Celldweller.
<Denise_Kandel>	Denise Kandel (German: [ˈkandəl]; née Bystryn; born February 27, 1933) is an American medical sociologist and epidemiologist, Professor of Sociomedical Sciences and Psychiatry at Columbia University and Head of the Department of Epidemiology of Substance Abuse at the New York State Psychiatric Institute. She is known for her epidemiological longitudinal studies on the sequence of first-time use of various legal and illegal drugs, carried out beginning in the 1970s and continuing until at least 2016.[citation needed]Bystryn was born to Jewish parents who emigrated in the 1920s, before knowing each other, from eastern Poland to France to attend university. Her father Iser Bystryn (1901–1954) studied in Caen and became chief engineer in a truck factory near Paris. Her mother Sara Wolsky Bystryn (1906–2003) had to abandon her plans to study in Paris for financial reasons and learned making hats and corsets. Kandel was born two years after the marriage (1930) of her parents. She had a younger brother, Jean-Claude Bystryn (1938–2010), who became a known American dermatologist and scientist at the NYU Langone Medical Center. Both parents were fluent in French, but spoke Yiddish at home.The family lived in Colombes near Paris, and Kandel attended a primary school for girls (Ecole des Filles). The children grew up secularly, the family never went to synagogue, and had presents at Christmas. In 1941, when Kandel was eight, and one year after the German invasion of France during the Second World War, Denise’s father was arrested as a "foreign Jew" and interned 100 km south of Paris in the Nazi Beaune-la-Rolande internment camp. After some time he succeeded in fleeing to Cahors in south-western France, where could also meet his family again. While the parents – separated from each other – had to hide at changing places, the children found more stable shelter. Kandel was able to stay as a pupil in the convent Sainte-Jeanne d'Arc of Cahors until spring 1944, when she had to flee even from there and then lived with a family near Toulouse. In 1949 her family emigrated to the US.
<Mario_Rizzetto>	Mario Rizzetto (born 4 June 1945) is an Italian virologist who in 1977 first reported the Hepatitis D virus as a nuclear antigen in patients infected with HBV who had severe liver disease.He graduated in Medicine and Surgery at the University of Padua in 1969. He was awarded the King Faisal International Prize in Medicine in 1985, the Robert Koch Prize in 1987, the William Beaumont Prize of the American Gastroenterological Association in 1988, and the Hans Popper Award in 1992.
<Pedro_Páramo>	Pedro Páramo  is a novel written by Mexican writer Juan Rulfo about a man named Juan Preciado, who promises his mother on her deathbed to meet Preciado's father for the first time in the town of Comala, only to come across a literal ghost town populated by spectral characters who reveal details about life and afterlife in Comala, including Preciado's reckless father: Pedro Páramo. Initially, the novel was met with cold critical reception and sold only two thousand copies during the first four years; later, however, the book became highly acclaimed. Páramo was a key influence on Latin American writers such as Gabriel García Márquez. Pedro Páramo has been translated into more than 30 different languages and the English version has sold more than a million copies in the United States.Gabriel García Márquez has said that he felt blocked as a novelist after writing his first four books and that it was only his life-changing discovery of Pedro Páramo in 1961 that opened his way to the composition of his masterpiece, One Hundred Years of Solitude. Moreover, García Márquez claimed that he "could recite the whole book, forwards and backwards." Jorge Luis Borges considered Pedro Páramo to be one of the greatest texts written in any language.The novel is set in the fictional town of Comala and its surroundings, a reference to the real town of Comala in the Mexican state of Colima, close to Juan Rulfo's home land.
<Reece_Jones_(footballer)>	Reece Jones (born 22 July 1992) is a former Wales under-21 international footballer who plays as a midfielder.Born in London Borough of Kingston upon Thames, Jones began his career at the Wimbledon youth academy in 2003 before the club's relocation. He was then signed by the Fulham youth academy and was captain of the u-16 side, before being released in early 2010.
<António_Pacheco>	António Manuel Pacheco Domingos (born 1 December 1966), known as Pacheco, is a Portuguese former footballer who played as a left winger.Born in Portimão, Algarve, Pacheco started playing with local G.D. Torralta and Portimonense SC, making his debut in the Primeira Liga with the latter in the 1986–87 season. Subsequently, aged just 20, he signed with S.L. Benfica, going on to remain with the club for the next six years and help to the conquest of four major titles.Pacheco contributed five goals in 26 matches in the 1988–89 campaign, as the Lisbon side won the national championship. He was also in the starting XI when they lost two European Cup finals in three years, in 1988 and 1990.
<Joshua_Lederberg>	Joshua Lederberg, ForMemRS (May 23, 1925 – February 2, 2008) was an American molecular biologist known for his work in microbial genetics, artificial intelligence, and the United States space program. He was 33 years old when he won the 1958 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for discovering that bacteria can mate and exchange genes (bacterial conjugation). He shared the prize with Edward Tatum and George Beadle, who won for their work with genetics.In addition to his contributions to biology, Lederberg did extensive research in artificial intelligence. This included work in the NASA experimental programs seeking life on Mars and the chemistry expert system Dendral.Lederberg was born in Montclair, New Jersey, to a Jewish family, son of Esther Goldenbaum Schulman Lederberg and Rabbi Zvi Hirsch Lederberg, in 1925, and moved to Washington Heights, Manhattan as an infant. He had two younger brothers. Lederberg graduated from Stuyvesant High School in New York City at the age of 15 in 1941. After graduation, he was allowed lab space as part of the American Institute Science Laboratory, a forerunner of the Westinghouse Science Talent Search. He enrolled in Columbia University in 1941, majoring in zoology. Under the mentorship of Francis J. Ryan, he conducted biochemical and genetic studies on the bread mold Neurospora crassa. Intending to receive his MD and fulfill his military service obligations, Lederberg worked as a hospital corpsman during 1943 in the clinical pathology laboratory at St. Albans Naval Hospital, where he examined sailors' blood and stool samples for malaria. He went on to receive his undergraduate degree in 1944.
<Edward_Coxen>	Albert Edward Coxen (8 August 1880 – 21 November 1954) was an English-born American actor. He appeared in over 200 films during his career.Coxen was born in London, England. He came to the United States as a child and lived much of his life in San Francisco.
<Xavier_Roca>	Francesc Xavier 'Xavi' Roca Mateo (born 19 January 1974) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right-back.Born in Barcelona, Catalonia, Roca joined FC Barcelona's academy at 16. He spent three professional seasons as captain of their reserves in the Segunda División, and his input with the first team consisted of 90 minutes in La Liga in a 2–2 away draw against Deportivo de La Coruña on 26 May 1996; additionally, for two consecutive years, he was loaned to CD Logroñés and CD Toledo in the second division.
<Vicious_Cycle_Software>	Vicious Cycle Software was an American video game development company based in Morrisville, North Carolina.Vicious Cycle was founded in 2000 by Eric Peterson, Dave Ellis, Marc Racine and Wayne Harvey after layoffs at the local MicroProse development studio (then a Hasbro Interactive studio) forced several game developers into finding other work.  Racine resigned as Vice President and Director of Production in the Spring of 2005 to pursue other ventures. Ellis left the company in the Summer of 2000, but returned in 2005 to take a position as game designer. Vicious Cycle has released titles for the PlayStation 2, Xbox, GameCube, Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, Wii, and PlayStation Portable systems as well as the Microsoft Windows platform.
<Lawrence_J._O'Connor>	 Lawrence J. O'Connor, FAIA (d. 1900) was an American architect who designed a number of churches, schools, convents and rectories in New York, New Jersey, and Washington, D.C. He was a named a fellow of the American Institute of Architects in 1892.Many of his important buildings have been lost over the years. One particularly tragic loss was that of St. Agnes' Church (Manhattan) on 42nd Street, Manhattan, which has since been rebuilt in a similar but more modern style.
<Houghton_Mifflin_Harcourt>	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt (/ˈhoʊtən/; HMH) is an American publisher of textbooks, instructional technology materials, assessments, reference works, and fiction and non-fiction for both young readers and adults. The company is based in the Boston Financial District.It was formerly known as Houghton Mifflin Company, but it changed its name following the 2007 acquisition of Harcourt Publishing. Prior to March 2010, it was a subsidiary of Education Media and Publishing Group Limited, an Irish-owned holding company registered in the Cayman Islands and formerly known as Riverdeep.
<Jay_O._Sanders>	Jay Olcutt Sanders (born April 16, 1953) is an American film, theatre and television actor and playwright. He frequently appears in plays off-Broadway at The Public Theatre.Sanders was born on April 16, 1953 in Austin, Texas, to Phyllis Rae (née Aden) and James Olcutt Sanders. After attending the acting conservatory at SUNY Purchase, Sanders made his off-Broadway debut in a Shakespeare in the Park production of Henry V in 1976. He played Bradley in the first New York production of Sam Shepard's Buried Child in 1978.Sanders has had a long career in film and television. He is perhaps most recognized for his work in the films The Day After Tomorrow (2004), Green Lantern (2011) and Morgan Freeman Alex Cross films. He has appeared in many other notable films, including Glory (1989), Mr. Destiny, JFK (1991), Angels in the Outfield (1994), The Big Green (1995), Daylight,  Tumbleweeds (1999), Music of the Heart (1999), Half Nelson (2006), Cadillac Records (2008) and Revolutionary Road (2008).
<Rashid_Yussuff>	Rashid Olatokunbo Oladobe Alao Yussuff (born 23 September 1989) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder.Yussuff is of Nigerian descent but was born in Poplar, London on 23 September 1989. He is often nicknamed Toks as an abbreviation of his middle name Olatokunbo. Yussuff began his career as a trainee at Charlton Athletic Academy in July 2006 at the age of 17. He scored 8 league goals for the under-18 squad in the 2007-08 Premier Academy League, as well as scoring 2 goals for the under-18s in the FA Youth Cup. In spite of this, however, he failed to break into the first team and on 1 November 2008 the 19-year-old midfielder was loaned out to Conference side Northwich Victoria on an initial one-month deal. Yussuff made his debut for Northwich Victoria on 8 November 2008 in a 1–0 defeat to Burton Albion. He went on to make six more appearances for "The Vics" with his last match being a 1–0 defeat to Altrincham on 26 December 2008, after which he returned to his parent club. The midfielder would make his only appearance for "The Addicks" as a 79th minute substitute for Lloyd Sam in the Third Round of the 2008-09 FA Cup in which Charlton Athletic beat Norwich City 1–0 at Carrow Road on 13 January 2009, in front of a crowd of 13,997. On 26 March 2009, Yussuff was loaned out to Conference side Ebbsfleet United for the remainder of the 2008–09 season. He made his debut for Ebbsfleet United on 31 March 2009 in a 1–0 win over Altrincham. Yussuff scored his first professional league goal for Ebbsfleet United on 13 April 2009 in a 2–1 victory over Lewes. Yussuff made 8 league appearances for "The Fleet" in total, the last being a 2–2 draw against Salisbury City on 26 April 2009 before returning to his parent club. Yussuff was subsequently released by Charlton Athletic at the end of the 2008–09 season.
<Dan_Green_(voice_actor)>	James Hadley Snyder, known professionally as Dan Green, is an American voice actor, voice director, and screenwriter. He is best known for being the voice of Yugi Muto/Yami Yugi for Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters, the anime series version of Yu-Gi-Oh!, as well as all of the character's U.S. series appearances.Green attended Rutgers University in New Brunswick, New Jersey.
<Kevin_Bacon>	Kevin Norwood Bacon (born July 8, 1958) is an American actor. His films include the musical-drama film Footloose (1984), the controversial historical conspiracy legal thriller JFK (1991), the legal drama A Few Good Men (1992), the historical docudrama Apollo 13 (1995), and the mystery drama Mystic River (2003). Bacon is also known for voicing the title character in Balto (1995), and has taken on darker roles, such as that of a sadistic guard in Sleepers (1996), and troubled former child abuser in The Woodsman (2004). He is further known for the hit comedies National Lampoon's Animal House (1978), Diner (1982), Tremors (1990) and Crazy, Stupid, Love (2011). His other well-known films are Friday the 13th (1980), Flatliners (1990), The River Wild (1994), Wild Things (1998), Stir of Echoes (1999), Hollow Man (2000), Frost/Nixon (2008), X-Men: First Class (2011), Black Mass (2015) and Patriots Day (2016). He is equally prolific on television, having starred in the Fox drama series The Following (2013–2015). For the HBO original film Taking Chance (2009), Bacon won a Golden Globe Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award, also receiving a Primetime Emmy Award nomination. More recently, Bacon portrayed the title character, and was the series lead, of the Amazon Prime television series I Love Dick, for which he was nominated for a Golden Globe Award.The Guardian named him one of the best actors never to have received an Academy Award nomination. In 2003, Bacon received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for his contributions to the motion picture industry.
<Net_25>	Net 25 (capitalized and stylized as NET25) is a Philippine television network owned and operated by Eagle Broadcasting Corporation. The network is named for its flagship station in Metro Manila, DZEC-TV, which is carried on UHF Channel 25 on analog terrestrial TV and UHF Channel 28 on digital terrestrial TV and has carried by major cable operators in the country. The station's broadcast facilities are located at EBC Building #25 Central Ave., Barangay Culiat, New Era, Quezon City.Net 25 reaches TV audiences on the Eastern and Pacific coasts, United States, Alaska and Hawaii and the whole of Asia including Singapore, Japan, South Korea, Hong Kong, Macau (in Portuguese), Taiwan, China, Vietnam (Hotel network) as well as Australia, New Zealand, the UK, Tajikistan, Turkey, France, Spain, Italy, Canada, Greece, Germany, Monaco, Switzerland, Iceland, Denmark, Norway, Finland, Sweden, the entire continent of Europe, and also reaches to the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) via OSN.
<AMC_Networks_International_Central_Europe>	AMC Networks International Central Europe (formerly Chello Central Europe) is a Budapest, Hungary-based television company, owned by AMC Networks International.It operates 30 channels in Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Estonia, Germany, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Montenegro, Poland, Romania, Serbia,  Slovakia, Slovenia and Ukraine.Logo of AMC Networks International
<Julian_Joachim>	Julian Kevin Joachim (born 20 September 1974) is an English former professional footballer who plays as a forward for Bourne Town. He is also an advisor at Europa Point in the Gibraltar National League.During his professional career he initially played from 1992 until 2011, but he came out of retirement in 2013. Joachim notably played in the Premier League for Leicester City and Aston Villa, having also played in the Football League for Coventry City, Leeds United, Walsall, Boston United and Darlington and was capped nine times by England U21, scoring one goal. Over the course of his career in professional football, he scored over 100 league goals and accumulated over 450 league appearances and played in the 2000 FA Cup Final.
<Charles_Scott_Sherrington>	Sir Charles Scott Sherrington OM PRS FRCP FRCS (27 November 1857 – 4 March 1952) was an eminent English neurophysiologist. His experimental research established many aspects of contemporary neuroscience, including the concept of the spinal reflex as a system involving connected neurons (the "neuron doctrine"), and the ways in which signal transmission between neurons can be potentiated or depotentiated. Sherrington himself coined the word "synapse" to define the connection between two neurons. His book The Integrative Action of the Nervous System (1906) is a synthesis of this work, in recognition of which he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1932 (along with Edgar Adrian).In addition to his work in physiology, Sherrington did research in histology, bacteriology, and pathology. He was president of the Royal Society in the early 1920s.
<Talbot_Rothwell>	Talbot Nelson Conn “Tolly” Rothwell, OBE (12 November 1916 – 28 February 1981) was an English screenwriter.Rothwell was born in Bromley, Kent, England. He had a variety of jobs during his early life: town clerk, police officer, and Royal Air Force pilot.
<Hungary>	Coordinates: 47°N 20°E﻿ / ﻿47°N 20°E﻿ / 47; 20– in Europe (green & dark grey)– in the European Union (green)  –  [Legend]Hungary (Hungarian: Magyarország [ˈmɒɟɒrorsaːɡ] (listen)) is a landlocked country in Central Europe. Spanning 93,030 square kilometres (35,920 sq mi) of the Carpathian Basin, it is bordered by Slovakia to the north, Ukraine to the northeast, Romania to the east and southeast, Serbia to the south, Croatia and Slovenia to the southwest, and Austria to the west. Hungary has a population of nearly 9 million, mostly ethnic Hungarians and a significant Romani minority. Hungarian, the official language, is the world's most widely spoken Uralic language and among the few non-Indo-European languages widely spoken in Europe. Budapest is the country's capital and largest city; other major urban areas include Debrecen, Szeged, Miskolc, Pécs, and Győr.
<José_Manuel_Roca_Cases>	José Manuel Roca Cases (born 28 February 1976) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and a manager.Born in Orihuela, Valencian Community, Roca only played lower league football in his country, representing Real Madrid C, Real Madrid Castilla, Real Murcia, CD Onda, CE Sabadell FC, Palamós CF, Novelda CF, CD Badajoz and Orihuela CF and appearing in 177 Segunda División B games over 11 seasons. In the 1999–2000 campaign he was part of Villarreal CF's roster, but failed to take part in any official matches as the club promoted to La Liga.At already 32, Roca moved abroad, going on to spend the rest of his career in Greece where he played for Panthrakikos FC, Olympiacos Volou 1937 FC (two spells) and Doxa Drama FC, for a total of 43 Superleague appearances. He retired in 2013 and immediately started coaching his last team, now in the second level.
<Count_Duckula>	Count Duckula is a British children's animated comedy horror television series created by British studio Cosgrove Hall Films and produced by Thames Television as a spin-off from Danger Mouse, a series in which an early version of the Count Duckula character was a recurring villain. Count Duckula aired from 6 September 1988 to 16 February 1993 across four series; in all, 65 episodes were made, each about 22 minutes long. All have been released on DVD in the UK, while only the first series has been released in North America.A new version of Count Duckula appeared in the 2015 reboot series of Danger Mouse.
<Croydon>	Croydon is a large town in south London, England, 9.4 miles (15.1 km) south of Charing Cross. Part of the London Borough of Croydon, a local government district of Greater London. It is one of the largest commercial districts in Greater London, with an extensive shopping district and night-time economy. The entire town had a population of 192,064 as of 2011, whilst the wider borough had a population of 384,837.Historically an ancient parish in the Wallington hundred of Surrey, at the time of the Norman conquest of England Croydon had a church, a mill, and around 365 inhabitants, as recorded in the Domesday Book of 1086. Croydon expanded in the Middle Ages as a market town and a centre for charcoal production, leather tanning and brewing. The Surrey Iron Railway from Croydon to Wandsworth opened in 1803 and was an early public railway. Later 19th century railway building facilitated Croydon's growth as a commuter town for London. By the early 20th century, Croydon was an important industrial area, known for car manufacture, metal working and Croydon Airport. In the mid 20th century these sectors were replaced by retailing and the service economy, brought about by massive redevelopment which saw the rise of office blocks and the Whitgift Centre, the largest shopping centre in Greater London until 2008. Historically, the town formed part of the County of Surrey but was amalgamated into Greater London in 1965.
<Ericka_Huggins>	Ericka Huggins (née  Jenkins; born January 5, 1948) is an American activist, writer, and educator. She is a former leading member of the Black Panther Party (BPP).Born Ericka Jenkins in Washington, D.C., Huggins was the middle child of three. After graduating high school in 1966, Huggins attended Cheyney State College (now Cheyney University of Pennsylvania). She then attended Lincoln University, an historically black school  in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. There she studied education, and eventually met John Huggins, who she would later marry in 1968. Although Lincoln University’s Black Student Congress was opposed to female leaders, Huggins engaged in the group despite the opposition.
<Buchanan_Medal>	The Buchanan Medal is awarded by the Royal Society  "in recognition of distinguished contribution to the medical sciences generally". The award was created in 1897 from a fund to the memory of London physician Sir George Buchanan (1831–1895). It was to be awarded once every five years, but since 1990 the medal has been awarded every two years.Since its creation, it has been awarded 28 times, and unlike other Royal Society medals such as the Royal Medal, it has never been awarded to the same individual multiple times. As a result of the criteria for the medal, most of the winners have been doctors or other medical professionals; an exception was Frederick Warner, an engineer who won the medal in 1982 "for his important role in reducing pollution of the River Thames and of his significant contributions to risk assessment".Two winners have also won a Nobel Prize. The first, Barry Marshall, who was awarded the Buchanan Medal in 1998 "in recognition of his work on discovering the role of Helicobacter pylori as a cause of diseases such as duodenal ulcer, gastric ulcer, gastric cancer and gastritis-associated dyspepsia" and won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2005. The second, Peter Ratcliffe, won the medal in 2017 "for his ground-breaking research on oxygen sensing and signalling pathways mediating cellular responses to hypoxia", and was awarded the Nobel Prize in 2019.
<Hellenic_Aerospace_Industry>	Hellenic Aerospace Industry (HAI) (Greek: Ελληνική Αεροπορική Βιομηχανία - ΕΑΒ) is the leading aerospace company of Greece. The company headquarters is located in Tanagra, 65 kilometers north-west of Athens, with the industrial complex covering an area of 200,000 sq.m.The company has undertaken over the years extensive subcontracting work with major international aerospace companies such as Boeing, Airbus, Alenia, Lockheed Martin, Raytheon, EADS and others. The company has also accomplished original developments in unmanned aviation structures, military electronics, telecommunications equipment, night vision equipment, wind generators and composite material technology.Original designs include a number of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles, the Pegasus and Pegasus II UAVs, first flown in 1982 and still in service with the Hellenic Air Force.
<Scars_of_the_Soul_Are_Why_Kids_Wear_Bandages_When_They_Don't_Have_Bruises>	Scars of the Soul Are Why Kids Wear Bandages When They Don't Have Bruises is a 2004 collection of essays by Miles Marshall Lewis. It was published by Akashic Books.This article about a non-fiction book on popular culture is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Yoo_Ho-jeong>	You Ho-jeong (born January 24, 1969) is a South Korean actress. She made her acting debut in 1991 and has been starring in television and film since. Roles include a divorcee whose husband lives next door in daily drama Definitely Neighbors (2010), and the grown-up protagonist in box office hit Sunny (2011).In 2013, Yoo became the host of her first ever variety show, the healthy food and lifestyle program Olive Show on cable channel O'live TV.This article about a Korean actor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<John_Lahr>	John Henry Lahr (born July 12, 1941) is an American theater critic and writer. From 1992 to 2013, he was a staff writer and the senior drama critic at The New Yorker. He has written more than twenty books related to theater. Lahr has been called "one of the greatest biographers writing today".Lahr was born in Los Angeles, California to a Jewish family. He is the son of Mildred "Millie" Schroeder, a Ziegfeld girl, and Bert Lahr, an actor and comedian most famous for portraying the Cowardly Lion in The Wizard of Oz. When his father left movies for the stage, the family moved from their home in Coldwater Canyon to Manhattan.
<C._Vann_Woodward>	Comer Vann Woodward (November 13, 1908 – December 17, 1999) was an American historian who focused primarily on the American South and race relations.  He was long a supporter of the approach of Charles A. Beard, stressing the influence of unseen economic motivations in politics. Stylistically, he was a master of irony and counterpoint. Woodward was on the left end of the history profession in the 1930s. By  the 1950s he was a leading liberal and supporter of civil rights. His book The Strange Career of Jim Crow, which demonstrated that racial segregation was an invention of the late 19th century rather than an inevitable post-Civil-War development, was endorsed by Martin Luther King Jr. as "the historical Bible of the civil rights movement".  After attacks on him by the New Left in the late 1960s, he moved to the right politically. He won a Pulitzer Prize for History for his annotated edition of Mary Chestnut's Civil War diaries.C. Vann Woodward was born in Vanndale, Arkansas, a town named after his mother's family and the county seat from 1886 to 1903.  It was in Cross County in eastern Arkansas. Woodward attended high school in Morrilton, Arkansas. He attended Henderson-Brown College, a small Methodist school in Arkadelphia, for two years. In 1930 he transferred to Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, where his uncle was dean of students and professor of sociology. After graduating, he taught English composition for two years at Georgia Tech in Atlanta. There he met Will W. Alexander, head of the Commission on Interracial Cooperation, and J. Saunders Redding, a historian at Atlanta University.
<Alexandre_Pato>	Alexandre Rodrigues da Silva (Portuguese pronunciation: [ɐleˈʃɐ̃dɾi ʁoˈdɾiɡiz dɐ ˈsiwvɐ]; born 2 September 1989), commonly known as Alexandre Pato ([ˈpatu]) or just Pato, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker.Pato began his career as a youth player for Internacional in 2000, making his debut in 2006 at age 16. He went on to score 12 goals in 27 appearances and helped them win the 2006 FIFA Club World Cup. In August 2007, he signed for Italian side AC Milan. In 2009, he scored 18 goals in 42 matches in all competitions, which earned him both the Golden Boy and Serie A Young Footballer of the Year awards. During the 2010–11 season, he helped Milan win the Serie A, where he was the club's joint top scorer with 14 goals in 25 games. In January 2013, Pato returned to Brazil, signing for €15 million with Corinthians, where he won the Campeonato Paulista. In 2014, Pato joined São Paulo on a two-year loan deal, where he played 95 games, scoring 38 goals for the club. In January 2016, Pato transferred to English Premier League club Chelsea on a loan deal before going to Spanish side Villarreal that same year. In 2017, he signed for Chinese club Tianjin Tianhai, and in 2019 went back to São Paulo.
<Genertellife>	Genertellife is an Italian insurance company based in Mogliano Veneto, Italy. It is the extension of the non-life insurance provider Genertel.Part of the Generali Group since its foundation, from 2013 Genertellife has been headed by Generali Italia.In June 2009, Generali Italia launched Genertellife, the first online life insurance company in Italy. As an extension of the non-life insurance provider Genertel, Genertellife launched with a 750,000 customer base potential.The CEO was Davide Passero, who remained in office until 2014. 
<Iron_Cross>	The Iron Cross (German: Eisernes Kreuz, listen (help·info), abbreviated EK) was a military decoration in the Kingdom of Prussia, and later in the German Empire (1871–1918) and Nazi Germany (1933–1945). King Frederick William III of Prussia established it on 17 March 1813 during the Napoleonic Wars (EK 1813). The award was backdated to the birthday (10 March) of his late wife, Queen Louise. Louise was the first person to receive this decoration (posthumously). Recommissioned Iron Cross was also awarded during the Franco-Prussian War (EK 1870), World War I (EK 1914), and World War II (EK 1939). During the 1930s and World War II, the Nazi regime superimposed a swastika on the traditional medal.The Iron Cross was usually a military decoration only, though there were instances awarded to civilians for performing military functions, including Hanna Reitsch, who received the Iron Cross, 2nd class, and Iron Cross, 1st Class, and Melitta Schenk Gräfin von Stauffenberg, who received the Iron Cross, 2nd Class, for being civilian test pilots during World War II.
<Crotchet_Castle>	Crotchet Castle is the sixth novel by Thomas Love Peacock, first published in 1831.As in his earlier novel Headlong Hall, Peacock assembles a group of eccentrics, each with a single monomaniacal obsession, and derives humour and social satire from their various interactions and conversations.
<Prague>	Prague (/prɑːɡ/ PRAHG; Czech: Praha [ˈpraɦa] (listen); German: Prag, pronounced [pʁaːk] (listen); Latin: Praga) is the capital and largest city in the Czech Republic, and the historical capital of Bohemia. On the Vltava river, Prague is home to about 1.3 million people. The city has a temperate oceanic climate, with relatively warm summers and chilly winters.Prague is a political, cultural, and economic hub of central Europe, with a rich history and Romanesque, Gothic, Renaissance and Baroque architectures. It was the capital of the Kingdom of Bohemia and residence of several Holy Roman Emperors, most notably Charles IV (r. 1346–1378).
<Princeton_University>	Princeton University is a private Ivy League research university in Princeton, New Jersey. Founded in 1746 in Elizabeth as the  College of New Jersey, Princeton is the fourth-oldest institution of higher education in the United States and one of the nine colonial colleges chartered before the American Revolution. It is one of the highest-ranked universities in the world. The institution moved to Newark in 1747, and then to the current site nine years later. It officially became a university in 1896 and was subsequently renamed Princeton University. The university is governed by the Trustees of Princeton University and has an endowment of $37.7 billion, the largest endowment per student in the United States. Princeton provides undergraduate and graduate instruction in the humanities, social sciences, natural sciences, and engineering to approximately 8,500 students on its 600 acres (2.4 km2) main campus. It offers postgraduate degrees through the Princeton School of Public and International Affairs, the School of Engineering and Applied Science, the School of Architecture and the Bendheim Center for Finance. The university also manages the Department of Energy's Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory and is home to the NOAA's Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory. It is classified among "R1: Doctoral Universities – Very high research activity" and has one of the largest university libraries in the world.
<Shannon_Kenny>	Shannon Kenny (born 23 May 1968) is an Australian actress.She is best known for playing Debbie Halliday in the 1980s Australian soap opera Sons And Daughters.
<Moss_Hart>	Moss Hart (October 24, 1904 – December 20, 1961) was an American playwright, librettist, and theatre director.Hart was born in New York City, the son of Lillian (Solomon) and Barnett Hart, a cigar maker. He had a younger brother, Bernard. He grew up in relative poverty with his English-born Jewish immigrant parents in the Bronx and in Sea Gate, Brooklyn. He was the great-grandson of the Jewish bare-knuckle pugilist Barney Aaron.In his youth, he had a strong relationship with his Aunt Kate, with whom he later was to lose contact due to a falling out between her and his parents, and Kate's weakening mental state. She piqued his interest in the theater, taking him to see performances often. Hart even went so far as to create an "alternate ending" to her life in his book Act One. He writes that she died while he was working on out-of-town tryouts for The Beloved Bandit. In later life, Kate had become eccentric and then disturbed, vandalizing Hart's home, writing threatening letters and setting fires backstage during rehearsals for Jubilee, yet his relationship with her had been formative. He learned that the theater made possible "the art of being somebody else … not a scrawny boy with bad teeth, a funny name … and a mother who was a distant drudge."
<Wroxall_railway_station>	Wroxall railway station was an intermediate station on the Isle of Wight Railway line from Ryde, situated between Shanklin and Ventnor with an upland situation. To the north lay Apse Bank with its three miles of 1 in 70 gradient and three bridges,. The gradient eased in the station but increased again to 1 in 88 as Ventnor Tunnel was approached.Reasonably busy with commuter traffic all the year round it was originally built with  a single siding, goods traffic diminished rapidly with the advent of the motor bus. The Station Hotel was situated on the Up Platform and was converted into housing after the station closed.  Next to this was a single storey station, now demolished.  On the down side was a small shelter. The station was lit by gas up until its closure. Apse bank was a favourite location for photographers as it presented by far the hardest challenge to steam trains on the Ryde-Ventnor route.
<Free_University_of_Berlin>	The Free University of Berlin (German: Freie Universität Berlin, often abbreviated as FU Berlin or simply FU) is a public research university in Berlin, Germany. It is consistently ranked among Germany's best universities, with particular strengths in political science and the humanities. It is recognised as a leading university in international university rankings.The Free University of Berlin was founded in West Berlin in 1948 with American support during the early Cold War period as a Western continuation of the Friedrich Wilhelm University, or the University of Berlin, whose traditions and faculty members it retained. The Friedrich Wilhelm University (which was renamed the Humboldt University), being in East Berlin, faced strong communist repression; the Free University's name referred to West Berlin's status as part of the Western Free World, in contrast to communist-controlled East Berlin.
<Geological_Survey_of_Canada>	The Geological Survey of Canada (GSC; French: Commission géologique du Canada (CGC)) is a Canadian federal government agency responsible for performing geological surveys of the country, developing Canada's natural resources and protecting the environment. A branch of the Earth Sciences Sector of Natural Resources Canada, the GSC is the country's oldest scientific agency and was one of its first government organizations.In September 1841, the Province of Canada legislature passed a resolution that authorized the sum of £1,500 sterling be granted to the government for the estimated expense of performing a geological survey of the province. In 1842, the Geological Survey of Canada was formed to fulfill this request.William Edmond Logan was in Montreal at the time and made it known that he was interested in participating in this survey. Gaining recommendations from prominent British scientists, Logan was appointed the first GSC director on April 14, 1842. Four months later, Logan arrived in Kingston, Ontario, to compile the existing body of knowledge of Canada's geology. In the spring of 1843, Logan established the GSC's headquarters in Montreal (in his brother's warehouse and then in a rented house on Great St. James Street (now Saint Jacques Street). One of the prominent cartographers and the chief topographical draughtsman was Robert Barlow, who began his work in 1855. Chemist T. Sterry Hunt joined in the early days and the Survey added paleontological capability in 1856 with the arrival of Elkanah Billings.  After Aylesworth Perry was appointed as acting librarian in 1881 he prepared the catalogue of reference works on geology, mineralogy, metallurgy, chemistry and natural history. George Mercer Dawson became a staff member in 1875, progressed to assistant director in 1883 and finally to director of the Geological Survey of Canada in 1895.The Geological Survey of Canada first began allowing women to conduct fieldwork in the early 1950s. Dr. Alice Wilson, the first of these women, lobbied for the inclusion of paleontologist Frances Wagner shortly afterward. Around this same time, the GSC employed a third woman Dr. Helen Belyea.
<Vincent_Poor>	Member, CAS (2017)John Fritz Medal (2016)FRS (2014)Fellow RSE (2013) Member, NAS (2011)IET Achievement Medals (2010) FREng (2009)Member, NAE (2001) AAAS Fellow (1991)Harold Vincent Poor FRS FREng is the Michael Henry Strater University Professor of Electrical Engineering at Princeton University, where he is also the Interim Dean of the School of Engineering and Applied Science. He is a specialist in wireless telecommunications, signal processing and information theory. He has received many honorary degrees and election to national academies. He was also President of IEEE Information Theory Society (1990). He is on the board of directors of the IEEE Foundation.Poor  received a BSEE degree from Auburn University in 1972,  and a  MSEE from there in 1974. In 1977, he received his PhD from Princeton University. From 1977 - 1990, he was a faculty member of  the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign. From 1990, he joined Princeton University as a professor.
<They_Knew_What_They_Wanted_(play)>	They Knew What They Wanted is a 1924 play written by Sidney Howard. The play premiered on Broadway in 1924 and had three Broadway revivals, as well as a London production.They Knew What They Wanted tells the story of Tony, an aging Italian winegrower in the California Napa Valley, who proposes by letter to Amy, a San Francisco waitress who waited on him once. Fearing that she will find him too old and ugly, Tony sends her a photograph of Joe, his young hired hand, instead of himself. When Amy comes to the vineyard she discovers Tony has lied to her and problems ensue between Tony, Amy, and Joe.The play premiered on Broadway at the Garrick Theatre on November 24, 1924, and closed in October 1925, after 192 performances. The original Broadway cast included Richard Bennett as Tony, Pauline Lord as Amy, and Glenn Anders as Joe. The play was directed by Phillip Moeller.
<Howard_Hughes>	Howard Robard Hughes Jr. (December 24, 1905 – April 5, 1976) was an American business magnate, record-setting pilot, engineer, film producer, and philanthropist, known during his lifetime as one of the most influential and richest people in the world. He first became prominent as a film producer, and then as an important figure in the aviation industry. Later in life, he became known for his eccentric behavior and reclusive lifestyle—oddities that were caused in part by his worsening obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), chronic pain from a near-fatal plane crash, and increasing deafness.As a film tycoon, Hughes gained fame in Hollywood beginning in the late 1920s, when he produced big-budget and often controversial films such as The Racket (1928), Hell's Angels (1930), and Scarface (1932). He later acquired the RKO Pictures film studio in 1948, recognized then as one of the Big Five studios of Hollywood's Golden Age, although the production company struggled under his control and ultimately ceased operations in 1957.
<David_Swift_(director)>	David "Dave" Swift (July 27, 1919 – December 31, 2001) was an American screenwriter, animator, director, and producer. He is best known for writing and directing the 1967 film, How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying. Swift also worked as an animator and filmmaker at The Walt Disney Studios where he adapted the story of Pollyanna for the screen and wrote and directed The Parent Trap (1961).Born in Minneapolis, Swift's father owned a factory that made sausage casings. After the depression, he dropped out of school at the age of 17 and boarded a freight train to California to pursue his goal of working for Walt Disney. After arriving in Los Angeles, Swift worked several odd jobs to earn money including working as an usher at the Warner Bros. theater. In between work, he attended art school and also attended Hollywood High School at night.  He began his career at The Walt Disney Studio as an office boy and rose to be an assistant animator under Ward Kimball in 1938.
<Stephen_G._Davies>	Stephen Graham Davies (born 24 February 1950) is a British chemist and was, until his retirement, the Waynflete Professor of Chemistry at the University of Oxford.Davies obtained his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1973 from New College, Oxford, and his Doctor of Philosophy in 1975 under the supervision of Gordon H. Whitham.
<Manuel_Fernández_Muñiz>	Manuel Fernández Muñiz (born 9 May 1986), commonly known as Manu, is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.Born in Gijón, Asturias, and a product of Mareo, Sporting de Gijón's youth academy, Manu made his professional debut during the 2005–06 season, with the club in the Segunda División. In 2007 he joined Deportivo de La Coruña, spending the better part of his first two years with the reserves.In the 2009–10 campaign, after Gustavo Munúa's departure to Málaga CF, Manu was promoted to Dani Aranzubia's backup. On 23 March 2010, after the latter was sent off against precisely Sporting Gijón (Depor eventually finished with nine players) at the 10-minute mark, he made his La Liga debut, in a 2–1 away loss.
<Javier_Gómez_Cifuentes>	Javier Gómez Cifuentes (born 29 July 1981 in Albacete, Castile-La Mancha), commonly known as Rubio, is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Los Yébenes as a midfielder.
<Raeesh_Maniar>	Raeesh Maniar (Gujarati: રઇશ મનીઆર) is a Gujarati language ghazal poet, translator, playwright, columnist, compere, lyricist and script writer from Gujarat, India. His significant works include Kafiyanagar (1989), Shabda Mara Swabhavma J Nathi (1998) and Aam Lakhvu Karave Alakh Ni Safar (2011). He has written two reference books for students of ghazals, Ghazal: Roop ane Rang (2006) and Ghazal Nu Chhandovidhan (2008). The later work contains  original research that may be applicable to prosody of all north Indian languages. He has written lyrics for several Gujarati and Hindi language movies. The Indian National Theater of Mumbai awarded him the Shayda Award for 2001 and the Kalapi Award for 2016 for his contributions to Gujarati ghazal poetry.Maniar was born on 19 August 1966 in Killa Pardi, Valsad district, Gujarat. He took his secondary schooling from D.C.O. Killa in 1980 and completed higher secondary schooling at St. Xavier's School, Surat, in 1983. He completed his MD (Pediatrics) in 1991 at Surat Medical College.He married Ami Patel in 1989. He currently lives in Surat.
<Sinan_Bolat>	Sinan Bolat (born 3 September 1988) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Belgian club Westerlo. He has played for Turkey both at youth level and senior level.Bolat began his professional career at age 17 with Genk in 2005, but only managed a handful of matches in the league, including three starts. He transferred to Standard Liège on 29 December 2008, six months before his contract was due to expire with Genk.  He had previously been linked to both Fenerbahçe and Trabzonspor of the Turkish Süper Lig.
<Outland_(comic_strip)>	Outland is a comic strip written and illustrated by Berkeley Breathed from 1989 until 1995.  It was a Sunday-only spin-off of Breathed's strip Bloom County, featuring many of the same characters.On September 3, 1989, a month after retiring Bloom County, Breathed began his second syndicated strip with a minor character from the previous strip. Ronald-Ann Smith, a little girl from the "wrong side of the tracks" in Bloom County, entering a magic doorway in a grimy alley that looked down into a cheery world of "cotton-candy trees" known as the Outland (the ground of her world did not align with that of Outland, so the door originally appears to be hovering in the sky above it).In its earliest form, Outland had been intended to be an experimental strip for Breathed, featuring a channel for creativity in the forms of new characters (such as Mortimer Mouse, based on the rejected name for Disney's Mickey Mouse) and bizarre backgrounds (many of which initially resembled those seen in Krazy Kat). However, Opus the Penguin returned in the strip's third installment, and Bill the Cat appeared months after that. Before long, the premise of another world beyond a magic door had been lost completely.
<Harold_B._Foss>	Harold B. Foss (1910-1988) was an American architect from Juneau, Alaska.Harold Byron Foss was born November 17, 1910, in Montesano, Washington.  He was educated at the University of Washington, graduating in 1935.  That year he went to Juneau, where he formed the H. B. Foss Company.  MacKay Malcolm and Bjarne Carl Olsen were later added as partners, in 1945 and 1950.  Malcolm died in 1951, but his name remained until 1956, when the firm was reduced to Foss & Olsen.  This period was brief, and Edward Elmer Sands was added later that same year.  Foss, Olsen & Sands was succeeded by Olsen & Sands when Foss moved to Palo Alto, California in 1958.  He died there in 1988.Foss was known throughout Alaska primarily as an architect of public buildings, of which he designed many.
<Juan_Orol>	Juan Rogelio García García, better known as Juan Orol (August 4, 1897 in Lalín, Pontevedra, Spain – May 26, 1988 in Mexico City, Mexico) was a Mexican-Spanish actor, producer, screenwriter and film director. He was known as The King of the Mexican Film noir. He was also known as The Involuntary Surrealist. He was a pioneer of the Mexican cinema's first talkies and one of the main promoters of the Rumberas film in the Golden Age of Mexican cinema. His films have been described as cult films.Juan Rogelio García García was born on August 4, 1897 in the parish of Santiso, in the town of Lalin in Pontevedra, Spain. His father was a commander of the Spanish armed forces. His mother, a woman of peasant origin, was a single mother. Later, she married a man who didn't want to take care of another man's son, so she sent Orol to Cuba to live with a friend.In Cuba, Orol lived in the low neighborhoods, known in Cuba as "solares". There, he had a lot of contact with people of African origin, who taught him all his dance techniques. Young Orol had many occupations at the same time: boxer, mechanic, racing driver, journalist, actor, bullfighter and police officer. He abandoned boxing when his face was disfigured. In his racer role, was about to drive in Indianapolis, but he lacked a few tenths to the mark of 118 miles per hour. In his role as a bullfighter, he passed through South America under the name of Espartero or Esparterito. Later, he moved to Mexico, where he was also part of the secret police. His biography is absolutely bizarre, full of impossible and unconnected episodes. But despite his poor cultural training, he survived. His steps in the bullfight arena and the police order were a great inspiration for subsequent film work. His premature widowhood put on face with a parental responsibility.[citation needed] He started working on the radio as artistic director and publicist while he contacting with the nascent Mexican film industry.
<Ultramarine_(novel)>	Ultramarine is the first novel by English writer Malcolm Lowry. Published in 1933, the novel follows a young man aboard a steamer in the early 20th century and his struggle to gain acceptance from his crew mates. Lowry tinkered with the novel until his death, adapting it also to make it fit with his second novel, Under the Volcano (1947).
<Michael_Heisley>	Michael E. Heisley (March 13, 1937 – April 26, 2014) was an American businessman and former majority owner of the Memphis Grizzlies. He orchestrated the move of the team from Vancouver in 2001, after promising to keep the franchise in Vancouver when he purchased it in 2000. He agreed in 2006 to sell his 70% controlling stake in the Grizzlies to a consortium including Christian Laettner and Brian Davis, but the group missed a deadline for the purchase and Heisley found no other bidder willing to meet the team's $300M asking price.In 2012 Heisley decided to sell the Grizzlies and step aside from all of his corporate interests due to his advancing age. The team announced on June 11, 2012, that Ubiquiti Networks founder Robert J. Pera would be purchasing the team, but Heisley would remain on board until the sale was finalized. The sale was finalized on October 25, 2012, and the team is now a part of Memphis Basketball, LLC.Heisley was also involved in multiple business ventures, such as: 
<Buffalo_Braves>	The Buffalo Braves were an American professional basketball franchise based in Buffalo, New York. The Braves competed in the National Basketball Association (NBA) as a member club of the league's Eastern Conference Atlantic Division from 1970 until 1978. In 1978, Braves owner John Y. Brown Jr. swapped franchises with then-Boston Celtics owner Irv Levin, who then moved the team to San Diego, where it was renamed the San Diego Clippers. The franchise moved to Los Angeles in 1984, and is now known as the Los Angeles Clippers.The Braves were one of three NBA expansion franchises that began play in the 1970–71 season (the others being the Portland Trail Blazers and Cleveland Cavaliers). It was originally owned by Neuberger Loeb, a New York City investment firm that had few ties to Buffalo. However, a series of missteps resulted in the league taking control of the team before it even played a preseason game. By opening night, Paul Snyder, a then 33-year-old entrepreneur who had recently cashed in on the sale of his Freezer Queen business, had bought the franchise for $4 million. They played their home games at the Buffalo Memorial Auditorium, sharing the arena with another new franchise, the National Hockey League (NHL)'s Buffalo Sabres, who also debuted in 1970, as well as local college basketball teams that had used the auditorium for decades prior. Because the Braves only had third choice of dates (behind the Sabres and Canisius College) at the auditorium, from 1971–75, the Braves were forced to play a total of 16 home games at Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto; in addition to alleviating the auditorium's scheduling issues, the Braves also played internationally in the hopes of expanding their fan base beyond Western New York and into the Greater Toronto Area (a similar strategy was employed by the National Football League (NFL)'s Buffalo Bills from 2008 until 2013). The NBA had two previous teams in Upstate New York, the Rochester Royals and the Syracuse Nationals (who are now known as the Sacramento Kings and Philadelphia 76ers, respectively). As of 2022, the Braves are the last New York State-based NBA team to be based somewhere other than New York City, where the New York Knicks and Brooklyn Nets play.The team's first head coach was Hall of Famer Dolph Schayes and the franchise's first star players were Bob Kauffman and Don May, who were acquired in the 1970 NBA Expansion Draft. However, in the NBA Draft of 1970, Buffalo passed on hometown hero Calvin Murphy, a 5-foot-9 point guard from Niagara University and picked Princeton graduate, John Hummer, as their first round draft pick. Murphy would eventually be inducted into the Hall of Fame. As is typical of first-year expansion teams, the Braves finished with a dismal record, 22–60, seven games ahead of the Cleveland Cavaliers, their expansion cousins, who finished at 15–67. Kauffman, who averaged 4.3 points per game the previous year with the Chicago Bulls, led Buffalo in scoring with 20.4 points per game and earned a spot on the 1971 NBA Eastern Conference All-Star team.
<Jibu_Jacob>	Jibu Jacob is an Indian cinematographer and director working in Malayalam film industry. He debuted as a cinematographer in 2002 with the crime film Stop Violence. After a decade long career as a cinematographer, he made his debut as a director in 2014 with the political satire film Vellimoonga. His most recent directorial Mei Hoom Moosa released in September 2022.After a short stint as an assistant cinematographer in Malayalam film industry, he made his independent debut in cinematography with the 2002 crime film Stop Violence directed by A. K. Sajan. Later he worked in a number of Malayalam films as a cinematographer until 2013. He debuted as a director with the comical political satire film Vellimoonga (2014) starring Biju Menon, which was both a critical and commercial success. His second directorial was Munthirivallikal Thalirkkumbol, starring Mohanlal. It is a comedy family film released in January 2017, it became one of the highest-grossing Malayalam films of all time.He has acted in 2015 movie, Ben in a character role.
<Bill_Pohlad>	Bill Pohlad is an American film producer and director. He is the son of Mary Eloise (O'Rourke) and billionaire financier Carl Pohlad, who owned the Minnesota Twins baseball franchise from 1984 until his death in 2009; and the brother of Jim Pohlad, who took over as the team's principal owner upon their father's death and Bob Polhad, owner of NorthMarq Capital.Pohlad was the executive producer of the movies Brokeback Mountain, A Prairie Home Companion, and Food, Inc., and a producer of Into the Wild and 12 Years a Slave. On January 24, 2012, he was nominated for an Academy Award (as producer) for the film The Tree of Life.Almost 25 years after his directorial debut with Old Explorers (1990), Pohlad's biopic of Brian Wilson, Love & Mercy, was screened at the 2014 Toronto Film Festival. It stars Paul Dano as the younger Wilson and John Cusack as the older Wilson, along with Paul Giamatti as Dr. Eugene Landy and Elizabeth Banks as Wilson's second wife, Melinda Ledbetter. Shooting on the film wrapped on August 27, 2013. It was distributed internationally by Lions Gate Entertainment and in the United States by Roadside Attractions on June 5, 2015.
<Combis>	COMBIS is a regional high-tech ICT company in Croatia.The company operates as an independent company wholly owned by Hrvatski Telekom, with headquarters in Zagreb.Founded in 1990 in Dubrovnik, in 2010 COMBIS became a member of T-HT Group, Deutsche Telekom Group, which created a wide range of integrated IT-telecommunications business solutions and services on the market of Croatia. From a small company, COMBIS has developed into a regional company, with daughter companies in Bosnia and Herzegovina and Serbia.
<John_Cassavetes>	John Nicholas Cassavetes (/ˌkæsəˈvɛtiːz/ KASS-ə-VET-eez; December 9, 1929 – February 3, 1989) was an American actor, film director, and screenwriter. First known as a television and film actor, Cassavetes also helped pioneer American independent cinema, writing and directing movies financed partly by income from his acting work. AllMovie called him "an iconoclastic maverick", while The New Yorker suggested in 2013 that he "may be the most influential American director of the last half century."As an actor, Cassavetes starred in notable Hollywood films throughout the 1950s and 1960s, including Edge of the City (1957), The Dirty Dozen (1967), and Rosemary's Baby (1968). He began his directing career with the 1959 independent feature Shadows and followed with independent productions such as Faces (1968), Husbands (1970), A Woman Under the Influence (1974), Opening Night (1977), and Love Streams (1984). He intermittently continued to act and direct on studio projects such as Elaine May's Mikey and Nicky (1976) and his own directorial works A Child is Waiting (1963), Minnie and Moskowitz (1971), and Gloria (1980).
<Tranmere_Rovers_F.C.>	Tranmere Rovers Football Club is a professional association football club based in Birkenhead, Merseyside, England. The team compete in EFL League Two, the fourth tier of the English football league system. Founded in 1884 as Belmont Football Club, they adopted their current name in 1885. Tranmere's regular kit is an all-white strip with blue, or occasionally blue and green trim, their main colours since 1962. The club moved to its current home, Prenton Park, in 1912. In 1995, the ground had a major redevelopment in response to the Taylor Report. It now seats 16,567 in four stands: the Main Stand, the Kop, the Johnny King Stand and the Cowshed.Tranmere played in regional leagues until they were invited to become a founder member of Football League Third Division North in 1921. They finished as champions for the 1937–38 season, though were relegated out of the Second Division the following year. They dropped into the Fourth Division in 1961, before winning promotion back to the third tier at the end of the 1966–67 season. Relegation in 1975 was followed by an immediate promotion in 1975–76 under the stewardship of manager John King, and this time they survived for just three seasons in the third tier until being relegated once again in 1979. During the 1980s, they were beset by financial problems and, in 1987, went into administration. However John King returned to manage the club for a second spell and guided Rovers to promotion in 1988–89, which they followed up by winning the Associate Members' Cup in 1990 and then promotion out of the play-offs in 1991.
<Alison!_A_Rock_Opera>	Alison! A Rock Opera is a musical with music and lyrics by playwright Leo Butler and Dan Persad. The modern rock 'n' roll song-cycle tells the story of ordinary woman Alison who breaks up with her boyfriend Jimmy and goes on a journey of self-discovery."Yes, breaking up is hard to do. It’s loud, it’s thrashy and the lyrics and storytelling are first class" – Aleks Sierz.The show premiered at the Royal Court Theatre in September 2011 as part of the theatre's Rough Cuts season, with its original title (and opening song) A Separate Reality.  It was directed by Nick Bagnall, and featured Anna Francolini and Rhashan Stone in the cast.In September 2012, the full-length show, retitled Alison! A Rock Opera, was produced at the King's Head Theatre in Islington, London. It was directed by Bagnall, and the cast featured Clare Cathcart in the title role.In April 2014, the show was revived at The Spread Eagle Theatre in Croydon, Greater London, and the cast featured Lucy Edge and Rhydian Persad.
<Ed_van_Thijn>	Eduard van Thijn (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈeːdywɑrt ˈɛt fɑn ˈtɛin]; 16 August 1934 – 19 December 2021) was a Dutch politician of the Labour Party (PvdA) and historian. He was a member of the Municipal Council of Amsterdam (1962–1971), member of the House of Representatives (1967–1981; 1982–1983), Minister of the Interior (1981–1982; 1994), Mayor of Amsterdam (1983–1994), and member of the Senate (1999–2007).Van Thijn was also a prolific author, having written more than a dozen books since 1977 about politics, the history of the Jews during World War II, the history of socialism and several autobiographies. He was known for his abilities as a manager and policy wonk. He continued to comment on political affairs until his retirement in 2017 and holds the distinction as the longest-serving Mayor of Amsterdam after World War II with 10 years.
<Diane_James>	Diane Martine James (born 20 November 1959) is a British politician who was a  Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for  South East England from 2014 to 2019. She was briefly leader-elect of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) from September 2016 to October 2016, but resigned before formalising her leadership. At the time of her election to the European Parliament, James was  one of three UKIP MEPs for South East England, before joining the Brexit Party in 2019.James was born in Bedford in 1959, and was a councillor on Waverley Borough Council from 2007 until 2015, when she lost the seat to the Conservative Party. She was elected to the European Parliament in 2014. Following the resignation of Nigel Farage, she was elected leader of UKIP in September 2016 as his successor. She resigned from the leadership of the party on 4 October 2016, 18 days after being elected. On 21 November 2016, James announced that she was leaving UKIP and would henceforth sit as an Independent. The length of her tenure was met with significant public and press ridicule.
<Gerard_Stembridge>	Gerard "Gerry" Stembridge (born 1958, County Limerick, Ireland) is an Irish writer, director and actor. He was educated at CBS Sexton Street in Limerick and later at Castleknock College. While attending University College Dublin, he was auditor of the Literary and Historical Society. He taught English and drama at Mount Temple Comprehensive School in Clontarf.He reached significant prominence in Ireland when he co-created the satirical comedy radio programme Scrap Saturday with Dermot Morgan. It became one of the most popular programmes on RTÉ Radio.
<Suzanne_Cloutier>	Suzanne Cloutier (July 10, 1923 – December 2, 2003) was a Canadian film actress.Daughter of Edmond Cloutier, the King's Printer in Ottawa, Suzanne Cloutier escaped an early unconsummated marriage to become an actress, first with Charles Laughton in New York and then the Comédie Française.  She appeared in films by Julien Duvivier and Marcel Carné, starred as Desdemona in Orson Welles' film of Othello (1951) and appeared in Doctor in the House (1954, the hit of the year in Britain).She had acted earlier in London in a play by Peter Ustinov, and the two married in 1954. They had three children, Andrea, Igor and Pavla, and Cloutier appeared in the film of his stage hit Romanoff and Juliet.  The couple divorced in 1971, when Cloutier reconnected with Orson Welles, then at work on films never finished.  Cloutier later resettled in Los Angeles, and eventually in Montreal, Canada, in 1988.  The actress's age was often misreported, but she appears to have been born in Ottawa  July 10, 1923 and died in Montreal December 2, 2003.
<Harry_Carey_(actor)>	Henry DeWitt Carey II (January 16, 1878 – September 21, 1947) was an American actor and one of silent film's earliest superstars, usually cast as a Western hero. One of his best known performances is as the president of the United States Senate in the drama film Mr. Smith Goes to Washington (1939), for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. He was the father of Harry Carey Jr., who was also a prominent actor.Carey was born in the Bronx, New York, a son of Henry DeWitt Carey [better source needed] (a newspaper source gives the actor's name as "Harry DeWitt Carey II"). a prominent lawyer and judge of the New York Supreme Court, and his wife Ella J. (Ludlum). He grew up on City Island, Bronx.
<Forza_Italia>	Forza Italia (FI; translated to "Forward Italy" or "Let's Go Italy") was a centre-right political party in Italy with liberal-conservative, Christian-democratic, liberal, social-democratic and populist tendencies. Its leader was Silvio Berlusconi, who served as Prime Minister of Italy four times.The party was founded in December 1993 and won its first general election soon afterwards in March 1994. It was the main member of the Pole of Freedoms/Pole of Good Government, Pole for Freedoms and House of Freedoms coalitions. Throughout its existence, the party was characterised by a strong reliance on the personal image and charisma of its leader (it has been called a "personality party" or Berlusconi's "personal party"), and the skillful use of media campaigns, especially via television. The party's organisation and ideology depended heavily on its leader. Its appeal to voters was based on Berlusconi's personality more than on its ideology or programme.
<York>	York is a cathedral city with Roman origins, sited at the confluence of the rivers Ouse and Foss in North Yorkshire, England. It is the historic county town of Yorkshire. The city has many historic buildings and other structures, such as a minster, castle, and city walls. It is the largest settlement and the administrative centre of the wider City of York district. The city was founded under the name of Eboracum in 71 AD. It then became the capital of the Roman province of Britannia Inferior, and later of the kingdoms of Deira, Northumbria, and Jórvík. In the Middle Ages, it became the northern England ecclesiastical province's centre, and grew as a wool-trading centre. In the 19th century, it became a major railway network hub and confectionery manufacturing centre. During the Second World War, part of the Baedeker Blitz bombed the city; it was less affected by the war than other northern cities, with several historic buildings being gutted and restored up to the 1960s.
<Pyotr_Kapitsa>	Pyotr Leonidovich Kapitsa or Peter Kapitza FRS (Russian: Пётр Леонидович Капица, Romanian: Petre Capița (8 July [O.S. 26 June] 1894 – 8 April 1984) was a leading Soviet physicist and Nobel laureate, best known for his work in low-temperature physics.Kapitsa was born in Kronstadt, Russian Empire, to Bessarabian-Volhynian-born parents Leonid Petrovich Kapitsa (Romanian Leonid Petrovici Capița), a military engineer who constructed fortifications, and Olga Ieronimovna Kapitsa from a noble Polish Stebnicki family. Besides Russian, the Kapitsa family also spoke Romanian.
<Doctor_Who>	Doctor Who is a British science fiction television series broadcast by the BBC since 1963. The series depicts the adventures of a Time Lord called the Doctor, an extraterrestrial being who appears to be human. The Doctor explores the universe in a time-travelling space ship called the TARDIS. The TARDIS exterior appears as a blue British police box, which was a common sight in Britain in 1963 when the series first aired. With various companions, the Doctor combats foes, works to save civilisations, and helps people in need.Beginning with William Hartnell, thirteen actors have headlined the series as the Doctor; in 2017, Jodie Whittaker became the first woman to officially play the role on television. The transition from one actor to another is written into the plot of the series with the concept of regeneration into a new incarnation, a plot device in which a Time Lord "transforms" into a new body when the current one is too badly harmed to heal normally. Each actor's portrayal is unique, but all represent stages in the life of the same character, and together, they form a single lifetime with a single narrative. The time-travelling feature of the plot means that different incarnations of the Doctor occasionally meet.
<Samuel_Diescher>	Samuel Diescher (June 25, 1839 – December 24, 1915) was a prominent Hungarian-American civil and mechanical engineer who had his career in the United States. After being educated at universities in Karlsruhe and Zurich in Europe, he immigrated to the United States in 1866 and settled in Cincinnati, Ohio. There he supervised construction of his first inclined plane. He later moved to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where he worked with John Endres on the Monongahela Incline (1870), the first passenger incline in the city.Diescher designed the Duquesne Incline (1877). He is believed to have designed the majority of inclined planes in the United States, including numerous projects in Pennsylvania. He also designed a wide range of industrial projects, particularly those related to the coal and steel industries. His three sons also became engineers and in 1901 he set up a business with them: S. Diescher and Sons. These two early inclines in Pittsburgh are the only passenger inclines still in use there. Both are listed on the National Register of Historic Places and, in 1977, were also designated as Historic Mechanical Engineering Landmarks by the American Society of Mechanical Engineers.Born in Budapest, Diescher was educated at Karlsruhe Polytechnique and the University of Zurich. Emigrating to the United States in 1866, he settled in Cincinnati, where he built his first inclined plane and met John Endres, a Prussian-born engineer.
<Hasse_Ekman>	Hasse Ekman (born Hans Gösta Ekman; 10 September 1915 – 15 February 2004) was a Swedish director, actor, writer and producer for film, stage and television. Hasse Ekman is probably Sweden's most successful and critically acclaimed film director from the period after Sjöström and Stiller and prior to Ingmar Bergman, peaking between the mid-1940s and 1950. He was greatly influenced by filmmaker Orson Welles and also by episodic-films. His most successful film as a director is often said to be the 1950 film Flicka och hyacinter (Girl with Hyacinths), a crime/mystery drama about a young woman committing suicide by hanging herself in her apartment. His 1957 film Summer Place Wanted was entered into the 1st Moscow International Film Festival.Hasse Ekman is part of the prominent "Ekman acting family" in Sweden: He was the son of Swedish star actor Gösta Ekman (senior) and father of actor Gösta Ekman (junior), actor Stefan Ekman and stage/film director Mikael Ekman. He is the grandfather of actress Sanna Ekman.
<Thalía>	Ariadna Thalía Sodi Miranda (Spanish pronunciation: [aˈɾjaðna taˈli.a ˈsoði miˈɾanda]; born 26 August 1971), known mononymously as Thalía, is a Mexican singer and actress. Referred to as the "Queen of Latin Pop", she is considered one of the most successful and influential Mexican artists. Having sold around 25 million records worldwide, she is one of the best-selling Latin music artists of all-time. Aside from her native Spanish, Thalía has also sung in English, French, Portuguese and Tagalog.She has received numerous accolades, including five Billboard Latin Music Awards, eight Lo Nuestro Awards, as well as seven Latin Grammy Award nominations and their special "President's Merit Award" in 2019. She has collaborated with multiple artists, such as Tony Bennett, Michael Bublé, Robbie Williams, Marc Anthony, Laura Pausini, Romeo Santos, Maluma, Fat Joe, and Carlos Vives.
<Warner_Bros.>	Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. (commonly known as Warner Bros. or abbreviated as WB) is an American film and entertainment studio headquartered at the Warner Bros. Studios complex in Burbank, California, and a subsidiary of Warner Bros. Discovery. Founded in 1923 by four brothers, Harry, Albert, Sam, and Jack Warner, the company established itself as a leader in the American film industry before diversifying into animation, television, and video games and is one of the "Big Five" major American film studios, as well as a member of the Motion Picture Association (MPA).The company is known for its film studio division the Warner Bros. Pictures Group, which includes Warner Bros. Pictures, New Line Cinema, the Warner Animation Group, Castle Rock Entertainment, and DC Studios. Among its other assets, stands the television production company Warner Bros. Television Studios. Bugs Bunny, a cartoon character created by Tex Avery, Ben Hardaway, Chuck Jones, Bob Givens and Robert McKimson as part of the Looney Tunes series, is the company's official mascot.
<St._Louis_Cardinals>	The St. Louis Cardinals are an American professional baseball team based in St. Louis. The Cardinals compete in Major League Baseball (MLB) as a member club of the National League (NL) Central division. Since the 2006 season, the Cardinals have played their home games at Busch Stadium in downtown St. Louis. One of the nation's oldest and most successful professional baseball clubs, the Cardinals have won 11 World Series championships, the most of any NL team and second in MLB only to the New York Yankees. The team has won 19 National League pennants, third-most of any team. St. Louis has also won 15 division titles in the East and Central divisions.In 1881, entrepreneur Chris von der Ahe purchased the Brown Stockings barnstorming club, renamed it the St. Louis Browns, and made it a charter member of the American Association baseball league. The team won four league championships, qualifying them to play in the era's professional baseball championship series, a forerunner of the modern World Series. In two of these championships, the Browns met the Chicago White Stockings, now the Chicago Cubs, launching the enduring Cardinals–Cubs rivalry.
<The_Flamethrowers>	The Flamethrowers is a 2013 novel by American author Rachel Kushner. The book was released on April 2, 2013 through Scribner. The Flamethrowers follows a female artist in the 1970s. While writing the book, Kushner drew on personal experiences during and after college, as well as her interests in "motorcycles, art, revolution and radical politics." The book was selected as one of the "10 Best Books of 2013" by the editors of the New York Times Book Review. It was the subject of a literary spat between the coasts summarized in The New Republic, with the Los Angeles Review of Books attacking the New York Review of Books's review as sexist and unfair.In 1975, a young art school graduate from Reno moves to New York City hoping to become a successful artist. She meets an older, more established artist, Sandro Valera, the heir of Moto Valera, an Italian tire and motorcycle company. He and his friends nickname her Reno. In 1976, with the reluctant approval of Sandro, she takes one of the Moto Valera prototype motorcycles to the Bonneville Salt Flats where she intends to race and then photograph her tracks as part of an art project. Reno crashes the bike but is adopted by the Moto Valera crew who help her set a record to become the woman with the fastest racing record in the world.
<John_Tate>	John Tate may refer to:
<Bancroft_Prize>	The Bancroft Prize is awarded each year by the trustees of Columbia University for books about diplomacy or the history of the Americas.It was established in 1948, with a bequest from Frederic Bancroft, in his memory and that of his brother, diplomat and attorney, Edgar Addison Bancroft.The Bancroft Prize is considered one of the most distinguished academic awards in the field of history. The prize has been generally considered to be among the most prestigious awards in the field of American history writing. It comes with a $10,000 stipend (raised from $4,000 beginning in 2004). Seventeen winners had their work supported by the National Endowment for the Humanities, and 16 winners were also recipients of the Pulitzer Prize for History.
<Hudibras>	Hudibras is a vigorous satirical poem, written in a mock-heroic style by Samuel Butler (1613–1680), and published in three parts in 1663, 1664 and 1678. The action is set in the last years of the Interregnum, around 1658–60, immediately before the restoration of Charles II as king in May 1660.The story shows Hudibras, a knight and colonel in the Parliamentary army, being regularly defeated, sometimes by the skills and courage of women, and ends with a witty and detailed declaration that women are superior to men.Hudibras is notable for its longevity: from the 1660s, it was more or less always in print, from many different publishers and editors, till the period of the First World War (see below). Apart from Byron’s masterpiece Don Juan (1819–24), there are few English verse satires of this length (over 11,000 lines) that have had such a long and influential life in print.
<Aiken,_South_Carolina>	Aiken is the largest city in, and the county seat of, Aiken County, in western South Carolina. It is one of the two largest cities of the Central Savannah River Area. Founded in 1835, Aiken was named after William Aiken, the president of the South Carolina Railroad. It became part of Aiken County when the county was formed in 1871 from parts of Orangeburg, Lexington, Edgefield, and Barnwell counties.Aiken is home to the University of South Carolina Aiken. According to 2020 census, the population was 32,025. The National Civic League gave Aiken the All-America City Award in 1997. Aiken was also named "best small town of the South" by Southern Living.Aiken is near the center of Aiken County. It is 20 miles (32 km) northeast of Augusta, Georgia, along U.S. Route 1 and 78. Interstate 20 passes 6 miles (10 km) to the north of the city, with access via South Carolina Highway 19 (Exit 18) and US 1 (Exit 22).
<Elektromreža_Srbije>	Coordinates: 44°45′17.7″N 20°29′20.6″E﻿ / ﻿44.754917°N 20.489056°E﻿ / 44.754917; 20.489056Elektromreža Srbije (abbr. EMS; Serbian Cyrillic: Електромрежа Србије) is a Serbian national transmission system operator company with the headquarters in Belgrade, Serbia.It was founded in 2005 after being split from Elektroprivreda Srbije and it is specialized in the transmission of electrical power. It is a member of the European Network of Transmission System Operators for Electricity.
<Rancho_Mirage,_California>	Rancho Mirage is a city in Riverside County, California, United States. The population was 17,218 at the 2010 census, up from 13,249 at the 2000 census, but the seasonal (part-time) population can exceed 20,000. Incorporated in 1973 and located between Cathedral City and Palm Desert, it is one of the nine cities of the Coachella Valley (Palm Springs area).It is home to and has been home to a number of celebrities, including Don Sutton, Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Bing Crosby, Sammy Davis Jr., Lucille Ball, Bob Hope, Billie Dove and Gerald and Betty Ford. It is a low-density desert-resort community with resorts, golf courses, and country clubs in the Coachella Valley within the Colorado Desert section of the Sonoran Desert. It is nestled along the foothills of the Santa Rosa Mountains in the south and is located between the cities of Palm Springs and Palm Desert. It is adjacent to Cathedral City, Palm Desert, and Unincorporated Thousand Palms.It has been nicknamed "Playground of the Presidents" and "Golf Capital of the World." The city has hosted and currently hosts a variety of golf and tennis tournaments, including the Ryder Cup, Desert Classic (PGA Tour), Davis Cup, and the LPGA Tour (Chevron Championship).
<Besart_Berisha>	Besart Berisha (born 29 July 1985) is a Kosovan retired professional footballer who played as a striker.Berisha began his youth career at German side Berliner VB 49 academies at age of 9. He then moved to various German teams, such as Berliner FC Dynamo,  TSV Lichtenberg, SV Lichtenberg 47 until 2003, when he moved to NOFV-Oberliga club Tennis Borussia Berlin, where a 17-year-old Berisha won the national youth league's golden boot, outclassing future Germany strikers, Mario Gomez and Lukas Podolski. He stayed for just a year before being spotted by Bundesliga club Hamburger SV.
<BBC_Worldwide>	BBC Worldwide Ltd. was the wholly owned commercial subsidiary of the BBC, formed out of a restructuring of its predecessor BBC Enterprises in January 1995. The company monetises BBC brands, selling BBC and other British programming for broadcast abroad with the aim of supplementing the income received by the BBC through the licence fee.The company merged with BBC Studios on 1 April 2018, to form a new licensing, production, and distribution company under the BBC Studios name.
<Alberto_Aquilani>	Alberto Aquilani (Italian pronunciation: [alˈbɛrto akwiˈlaːni]; born 7 July 1984) is an Italian football manager and former player. Mainly a central midfielder, he usually operated as a deep-lying playmaker, but was also capable of playing as an attacking midfielder. He is the head coach of Fiorentina Primavera.Aquilani began his career with Italian side Roma and, after a brief loan spell at Triestina, returned to the Serie A club where he became a regular in the Roma side during the 2005–06 season, earning the nickname "Il Principino" (The Little Prince), due to his resemblance to former Roma legend Giuseppe Giannini, both in terms of appearance and playing style, who was known as "Il Principe" (The Prince). During the following season, he suffered a thigh injury and was ruled out for several months. In 2007 and 2008 he won consecutive Coppa Italia titles with Roma, as well as the 2007 Supercoppa Italiana.
<Racing_de_Santander>	Real Racing Club de Santander, S.A.D. (Spanish pronunciation: [reˈal ˈraθiŋ kluβ ðe santanˈdeɾ]), also known as Racing de Santander (pronounced [ˈraθin de santanˈdeɾ]) or simply Racing, is a football club based in Santander, Cantabria, Spain, that currently competes in Segunda División, the second tier of the Spanish league system. It was founded in 1913. It holds home games at Campos de Sport de El Sardinero, with a capacity for 22,222 spectators. It is one of the ten founding clubs of La Liga.Racing de Santander played its first match on 23 February 1913, losing 1–2 to neighbouring Strong. It was officially founded on 14 June, as Santander Racing Club, appearing in its first tournament during that summer (Luis Redonet Trophy) and being admitted to the Northern Federation on 14 November, eventually merging with Santander Football Club.
<Lee_Grant>	Lee Grant (born Lyova Haskell Rosenthal; October 31, during the mid-1920s) is an American actress, documentarian, and director. She made her film debut in 1951 as a young shoplifter in William Wyler's Detective Story, co-starring Kirk Douglas and Eleanor Parker. This role earned her an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actress as well as winning the Best Actress Award at the 1952 Cannes Film Festival.In 1952, she was blacklisted from most acting jobs for the next 12 years. Grant was able to find only occasional work onstage or as a teacher during this period. It also contributed to her divorce. During this time, Grant appeared in plays on stage. She was removed from the blacklist in 1963 and started to rebuild her on-screen acting career. She starred in 71 TV episodes of Peyton Place (1965–1966), followed by lead roles in films such as Valley of the Dolls and In the Heat of the Night in 1967, as well as Shampoo (1975), for which she won an Oscar. In 1964, she won the Obie Award for Distinguished Performance by an Actress for her performance in The Maids. During her career she was nominated for the Emmy Award seven times between 1966 and 1993, winning twice.
<Ashok_Chavda>	Ashok Chavda, also known by his pen name Bedil, is a Gujarati poet, writer and critic from Gujarat, India. His anthology of poetry, Dalkhi Thi Saav Chhutan (2012), was awarded the Yuva Puraskar by the Sahitya Akademi in 2013. His collection of known writings include Pagla Talaavma (2003), Pagarav Talaavma (2012), Tu Kahu Ke Tame (2012), Pityo Ashko (2012), Shabdoday (2012), and Ghazalistan (2012), which is a translation of Urdu ghazals written by Indian and Pakistani poets. He is also a recipient of the Yuva Gaurav Award (2012) from the Gujarat Sahitya Akademi, and the Dasi Jivan Award (2013–14) from the Government of Gujarat. He has appeared in several TV and radio programs on All India Radio and Doordarshan.Ashok Chavda was born on August 23, 1978, in Bhavnagar, Gujarat to Pitambarbhai and Hansabahen.In 1998, Chavda received a Bachelor of Commerce in accounting from C.U. Shah Commerce College of Ahmedabad. In 2001, he received a Bachelor of Arts in English literature from H.K. Arts College of Ahmedabad. In 2003, he received a Master of Development Communication (MDC) from Gujarat University. His research for the MDC was titled Gujarati Dalit Kavitano Udabhav Ane Vikas: 1975-85 (Growth and Development of Gujarati Dalit Poetry: 1975–85).
<Aberlour_distillery>	Coordinates: 57°28′2″N 3°13′44″W﻿ / ﻿57.46722°N 3.22889°W﻿ / 57.46722; -3.22889Aberlour is a distillery of Speyside single malt Scotch whisky, in Aberlour, Strathspey, Scotland, at the confluence of the Lour Burn and River Spey near Ben Rinnes.James Fleming (1830-1895) was born and baptised on the first day of June at Inveravon, the only son of a tenant farmer at Tomfarclas on the Ballindalloch estate. James helped his father on the farm until manhood and then sought a wider and more financially rewarding direction for his future, firstly as a commission agent and dealer in the grain trade.
<Ellerbe_Becket>	Ellerbe Becket was an independent Minneapolis, Minnesota-based architectural, engineering, interior design and construction firm until 2009, when it was acquired by AECOM. AECOM is ranked as one of the world's largest architectural firms, with offices  in Dallas, TX, Kansas City, MO,  San Francisco, CA, Washington, DC, Dubai, United Arab Emirates and Doha, Qatar.The firm currently employs 475 people in seven locations and three countries, and has designed buildings in all of the 50 states and in 20 countries.[citation needed]The company originally called Ellerbe & Co. was founded by Franklin Ellerbe in 1909 in St. Paul, Minnesota. Its first clients included the Mayo Clinic and 3M.  Thomas Ellerbe took over the company in 1921 upon his father's death. When he retired in 1966 it became an employee-owned company. In 1988 it merged with Welton Becket and Associates of Los Angeles and became Ellerbe Becket. In 1988 it opened a sports design division in Kansas City. On October 26, 2009 Ellerbe Becket joined the architecture, planning, and engineering firm AECOM.
<Charles_Beaumont>	Charles Beaumont (January 2, 1929 – February 21, 1967) was an American author of speculative fiction, including short stories in the horror and science fiction subgenres. He is remembered as a writer of classic Twilight Zone episodes, such as "The Howling Man", "Static", "Miniature", "Printer's Devil", and "Number Twelve Looks Just Like You", but also penned the screenplays for several films, such as 7 Faces of Dr. Lao, The Intruder, and The Masque of the Red Death.Novelist Dean Koontz said "Charles Beaumont was one of the seminal influences on writers of the fantastic and macabre." Beaumont is also the subject of the documentary Charles Beaumont: The Short Life of Twilight Zone's Magic Man by Jason V. Brock.
<Kate_Siegel>	Kate Gordon Siegelbaum, known professionally as Kate Siegel (/ˈsiːɡəl/ SEE-gəl), is an American actress and screenwriter. She is best known for her collaborations with her husband, filmmaker Mike Flanagan, appearing in his films Oculus (2013), Hush (2016; she also wrote the screenplay with him), Ouija: Origin of Evil (2016), and Gerald's Game (2017), as well as in his television series The Haunting of Hill House (2018), The Haunting of Bly Manor (2020) and Midnight Mass (2021). She has been dubbed a "scream queen" due to her work in horror films and television.
<Tommy_Mottola>	Thomas Daniel Mottola (born July 14, 1948) is an American music executive, producer and author. Mottola is currently the Chairman of Mottola Media Group and was previously the Chairman and CEO of Sony Music Entertainment, parent of the Columbia label, for nearly 15 years. Since 2000, he has been married to Mexican actress and singer Thalía.Mottola was born in The Bronx to a middle-class Italian-American family. He graduated from Iona Grammar School in 1962 and Iona Prep in 1966. He attended military school for a time, and then high school. After dropping out of Hofstra University on Long Island, he pursued a music career as a guitarist and singer with The Exotics, an R&B cover band.
<Richard_Jobson_(television_presenter)>	Richard Jobson (born 6 October 1960) is a Scottish filmmaker (director, writer, producer) who also works as a television presenter. He is also known as the singer-songwriter of the band Skids.Jobson was born in Kirkcaldy and grew up in Crosshill, Ballingry and Fife, the son of a miner and a worker at Rosyth Dockyard. He attended St Columba's Roman Catholic High School, Dunfermline. His family were of Irish Catholic descent.
<Hamilton,_Ontario>	Hamilton is a port city in the Canadian province of Ontario. Hamilton has a population of 569,353, and its census metropolitan area, which includes Burlington and Grimsby, has a population of 785,184. The city is approximately 45 kilometres (28 mi) southwest of Toronto in the Greater Toronto and Hamilton Area (GTHA).Conceived by George Hamilton when he purchased the Durand farm shortly after the War of 1812, the town of Hamilton became the centre of a densely populated and industrialized region at the west end of Lake Ontario known as the Golden Horseshoe. On January 1, 2001, the current boundaries of Hamilton were created through the amalgamation of the original city with other municipalities of the Regional Municipality of Hamilton–Wentworth. Residents of the city are known as Hamiltonians.
<Katharine_Ross>	Katharine Juliet Ross (born January 29, 1940) is an American film, stage, and television actress. Her accolades include one  Academy Award nomination, one BAFTA Award, and two Golden Globe Awards. A native of Los Angeles, Ross spent most of her early life in the San Francisco Bay Area. After attending Santa Rosa Junior College for one year, Ross joined The Actors Workshop in San Francisco, and began appearing in theatrical productions.Ross made her film debut in the Civil War-themed drama Shenandoah (1965), and had supporting parts in Mister Buddwing (1965) and The Singing Nun (1966) before being cast in Curtis Harrington's Games (1967), a thriller co-starring James Caan and Simone Signoret. At Signoret's recommendation, Ross was cast as Elaine Robinson in Mike Nichols' comedy-drama The Graduate (1967), which saw her receive significant critical acclaim, including an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress, a BAFTA nomination, and Golden Globe win for New Star of the Year. In 1968 Ross co-starred in the John Wayne movie Hellfighters playing his daughter Tish Buckman. She garnered further acclaim for her roles in two 1969 western films: Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid and Tell Them Willie Boy Is Here, for both of which she won the BAFTA Award for Best Actress.
<Faranak_Margolese>	Faranak Margolese (Hebrew: פאראנאק מרגוליס, born 1972) is an American-Israeli writer, best known as the author of Off the Derech, a book about contemporary assimilation in the Orthodox Jewish world.Margolese was born in Manchester, England, in 1972, the great-granddaughter of the former Chief Rabbi of Tehran, Iran. She was raised in Los Angeles, California, to Persian immigrant parents in a traditional Sephardi Jewish household. She graduated from Yeshiva University High School of Los Angeles, received a BA in philosophy from Stern College and a Master of Fine Arts in nonfiction creative writing from Columbia University in New York.
<Rees_Jones>	Rees Jones (born September 16, 1941) is an American golf course architect.Born and raised in Montclair, New Jersey, the son of legendary golf course designer Robert Trent Jones and the younger brother of golf course designer Robert Trent Jones, Jr., he attended Montclair High School.
<Sam_Behrens>	Sam Behrens (born July 24, 1950) is an American actor, best known for his roles as Jake Meyer on the ABC daytime soap opera General Hospital, Danny Waleska in the CBS prime time soap opera Knots Landing and as Gregory Richards in the NBC daytime soap opera, Sunset Beach.Behrens was born Stanley Birnbaum to a Jewish family in Brooklyn, New York. He is of German ancestry on his paternal side. He has been married to Shari Belafonte since December 31, 1989.Behrens began his soap opera career on ABC's Ryan's Hope, playing Dr. Adam Cohen from 1979 to 1980. In 1980s. he moved from New York to Los Angeles, when was cast as Jake Meyer on General Hospital from 1983 to 1987. After recurring role on the NBC legal drama series, L.A. Law, Behrens was cast as Danny Waleska, Valene Ewing's (Joan Van Ark) new husband. He won Soap Opera Digest Award for Outstanding Villain: Prime Time for this role in 1991. Behrens also guest starred on The Facts of Life and Murder, She Wrote, and played major roles in a number of made for television movies in early 1990s. He also had the recurring role in the ABC drama series, Homefront in 1993. In film, Behrens had supporting parts in American Blue Note (1989), and Alive (1993).
<Córdoba_CF>	Córdoba Club de Fútbol (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈkoɾðoβa]), (from the 2020–21 season onwards competing under the umbrella of Unión Futbolística Cordobesa, S.A.D.) is a Spanish football club based in Córdoba, in the autonomous community of Andalusia. Founded in 1951 as Club Deportivo San Álvaro, it was refounded as Cordoba CF in 1954 after the dissolution of RCD Córdoba. Currently it plays in the Primera División RFEF – Group 1, with its home matches at the Estadio Nuevo Arcángel, which has a capacity of 25,800 seats.Forerunners of Córdoba Club de Fútbol included names such as Sporting Fútbol Club de Córdoba, Sociedad Deportiva Electromecánicas and Racing Fútbol Club de Córdoba. The latter changed its name after the Spanish Civil War (as foreign names were banned under the new regime) to Club Deportivo Córdoba.[citation needed]
<London_Borough_of_Camden>	The London Borough of Camden (/ˈkæmdən/) is a London borough in Inner London. Camden Town Hall, on Euston Road, lies 1.4 mi (2.3 km) north of Charing Cross. The borough was established on 1 April 1965 from the area of the former boroughs of Hampstead, Holborn, and St Pancras—which together, prior to that date, had comprised part of the historic County of London.The cultural and commercial land uses in the south contrast with the bustling mixed-use districts such as Camden Town and Kentish Town in the centre and leafy residential areas around Hampstead Heath in the north. Well known attractions include The British Museum, The British Library, the famous views from Parliament Hill, the London Zoo, the BT Tower, The Roundhouse and Camden Market. In 2019 it was estimated to have a population of 270,000.
<Manila_Broadcasting_Company>	Manila Broadcasting Company (MBC) is a radio and television network in the Philippines. MBC is currently owned by the FJE Group of Companies of Fred J. Elizalde, which also operates hotels and Pasay-based amusement park Star City. Its AM flagship network, DZRH is the oldest radio station in the country while its FM flagship network, Love Radio is the top station in FM radio ratings in Metro Manila (until 2017, and again in 2020) and several key cities.MBC's corporate headquarters and studios are located at the MBC Building, Star City, Vicente Sotto St., CCP Complex, Pasay, Metro Manila.
<River_Patrol_(video_game)>	River Patrol (Japanese: リバーパトロール, Hepburn: Ribā Patorōru) is a action arcade video game developed by Orca Corporation and released by GGI in Japan in 1981. It was licensed to Kersten for distribution in North America. The player pilots a patrol boat along a vertically scrolling river to rescue people from the crocodile-infested waters while avoiding obstacles along the way. Tigervision released an Atari 2600 version in 1984.River Patrol is an action game where players take the role of a captain navigating a river patrol boat across multiple levels to rescue drowning people who fell into the crocodile-infested river for points while avoiding incoming boulders, floating logs and other obstacles that threaten to sink the vessel. The main objective is to reach a dam at the end of each level before the timer runs out and the boat sinks. Hitting a crocodile or crossing over a whirlpool causes the boat to sink rapidly, however crashing another boat, log, boulder or TNT instantly sinks the player's boat. Once all lives are lost, the game is over unless the player inserts more credits into the arcade machine to continue playing.River Patrol was the second game to be developed by Orca Corporation, a Japanese video game developer headed by Takeshi Tozu, after 1980's Shogun. The game was first released for arcades in Japan by GGI in July 1981 and later in North America by Kersten. An Atari 2600 port, developed by Tigervision, was released in 1984.
<Peter_Vronsky>	Peter Vronsky is a Canadian author, filmmaker and investigative historian. He holds a PhD in criminal justice history and espionage in international relations from the University of Toronto.  He is the author of the bestseller true crime histories Serial Killers: The Method and Madness of Monsters (2004), Female Serial Killers: How and Why Women Become Monsters and Sons of Cain: A History of Serial Killers From the Stone Age to the Present (2018), a New York Times Editors' Choice, and most recently  American Serial Killers: The Epidemic Years 1950–2000 (2021), a history exploring the epidemic surge of serial killers in the second half of the 20th century. He is the director of several feature films, including Bad Company (1980) and Mondo Moscow (1992). Vronsky is the creator of a substantial body of formal video and electronic artworks and new media. He has also worked professionally in the motion picture and television industry as a producer and cinematographer in the field of documentary production and news broadcasting with CNN, CTV, CBC, RAI and other global television networks in North America and overseas.  Vronsky's 2011 book, Ridgeway: The American Fenian Invasion and the 1866 Battle That Made Canada, is the definitive history of Canada's first modern battle – the Battle of Ridgeway  fought against Irish American Fenian insurgents who invaded across the border from the United States on the eve of Canadian Confederation shortly after the American Civil War. He currently lectures at Toronto Metropolitan University's History Department in the history of international relations, terrorism, espionage, American Civil War, and the Third Reich.  He consults as an investigative criminal historian to a number of law enforcement cold case homicide units including the NYPD, New York State Police, and Bergen County Prosecutor's Office New Jersey.Peter Vronsky was a writer and film reviewer for Canada's national film magazine Cinema Canada and University of Toronto's The Varsity. He was a member of Toronto Filmmakers Coop and University of Toronto Film Board (Hart House). He studied with Canadian film directors Don Shebib, Clarke Mackey, and Peter Pearson at the Toronto Filmmakers Coop.  Vronsky dropped out of the University of Toronto at the end of his second year to pursue filmmaking full-time. He wrote and directed two thirty-minute short drama films starring Paul Young from the Cardboard Brains: American Nights (1976) and The Sheep-Eaters (1977). He received several Canada Council and Ontario Arts Council Grants and directed and produced a thirty-minute music documentary special on punk rock for CBC television Crash'n'Burn (Dada's Boys) (1977) with the Viletones, Teenage Head, Dishes, The Ramones and The Deadboys, filmed at CBGB in New York and the New Yorker Theater and Crash'n'Burn in Toronto; (Not to be confused with Ross McLaren's independent Crash 'n' Burn made the same year on the same subject). Vronsky produced and directed a feature film, Bad Company (1980).  He worked as an assistant-director on Canadian feature films:  Nothing Personal (1979), The Last Chase (1979) and Screwballs (1981). Vronsky frequently collaborated with documentary filmmaker Peter Lynch on Video Culture International projects and with horror film director Tibor Takacs who before he left for Hollywood worked as a D.O.P. and Art Director on several Vronsky films.
<Rumford_Prize>	Founded in 1796, the Rumford Prize, awarded by the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, is one of the oldest scientific prizes in the United States. The prize recognizes contributions by scientists to the fields of heat and light. These terms are widely interpreted; awards range from discoveries in thermodynamics to improvements in the construction of steam boilers.The award was created through the endowment of US$5,000 to the Academy by Benjamin Thompson, who held the title "Count Rumford of the United Kingdom," in 1796. The terms state that the award be given to "authors of discoverie's in any part of the Continent of America, or in any of the American islands." Although it was founded in 1796, the first prize was not given until 1839, as the academy could not find anyone who, in their judgement, deserved the award. The academy found the terms of the prize to be too restrictive, and in 1832 the Supreme Court of Massachusetts allowed the Academy to change some of the provisions; mainly, the award was to be given annually instead of biennially, and the Academy was allowed to award the prize as it saw fit, whereas before it had to give it yearly. The first award was given to Robert Hare, for his invention of the oxy-hydrogen blowpipe, in 1839. Twenty-three years elapsed before the award was given a second time, to John Ericsson.The prize is awarded whenever the academy recognizes a significant achievement in either of the two fields. Awardees receive a gold-and-silver medal. Previous prizewinners include Thomas Alva Edison, for his investigations in electric lighting; Enrico Fermi, for his studies of radiation theory and nuclear energy; and Charles H. Townes, for his development of the laser. One man, Samuel Pierpont Langley, has won both the Rumford Prize and the related Rumford Medal (the European equivalent of the Rumford Prize), both in 1886. The most recent award was given in 2021 to Charles L. Bennett for his contributions to cosmology. The prize has been given to researchers outside of the United States only twice—once to John Stanley Plaskett, from British Columbia, and once to a group of Canadian scientists "for their work in the field of long-baseline interferometry."
<Luxo_Jr.>	Luxo Jr. is a 1986 American computer-animated short film produced and released by Pixar. Written and directed by John Lasseter, the two-minute short film revolves around one larger and one smaller desk lamp. The larger lamp, named Luxo Sr., looks on while the smaller, "younger" Luxo Jr. plays exuberantly with a ball to the extent that it accidentally deflates. Luxo Jr. was Pixar's first animation after Ed Catmull and John Lasseter left Industrial Light & Magic's computer division of Cinetron Computer Systems. The film is the source of Luxo Jr., the mascot of Pixar.Lasseter aimed to finish the short film for the 1986 SIGGRAPH, an annual computer graphics conference attended by thousands of industry professionals. The film would come from his experiments with modeling his Luxo lamp. Lasseter worked to improve the story within the allotted two minutes. In animation, the film demonstrates the use of shadow maps within the rendering software. Lasseter applied the classic animation principles popularized by Disney's Nine Old Men to convey the lamps' emotions. Catmull and Lasseter worked around the clock, and Lasseter even took a sleeping bag into work and slept under his desk, ready to work early the next morning. Ultimately, the film took four and a half months to be completed.The short film was finished in time for it to be shown at SIGGRAPH. Before the film finished playing, the audience had already risen in applause. Luxo Jr. is regarded as a breakthrough in the animation industry as a whole, changing traditionalists' interpretation of computer animation. The short was the first work of animation to use procedural animation, the software written by Eben Ostby. It received an Academy Award nomination for Best Animated Short Film, becoming the first CGI film nominated for an Academy Award.
<An_Ancient_Tale_(novel)>	An Ancient Tale. Novel of Polish history (in Polish Stara baśń. Powieść z dziejów Polski) - is a historical novel by popular 19th-century Polish writer Józef Ignacy Kraszewski published by Gebethner i Wolff (Gebethner &  Wolff Publishers)  in 1876 in Warsaw, then part of the Russian Empire. This work was the first novel in Kraszewski's long series of historical novels  dealing with various periods in Poland's history. The second edition was published in 1879, in a lavishly illustrated form, with the plates done by then popular illustrator Michał Elwiro Andriolli. The manuscript of the novel was destroyed during World War II.The content of the novel refers to old Polish stories and legends, including one about a cruel ruler prince, Popiel. He is one of the novel's main characters, though the author calls him "Chwostek". The story takes place during the dimly known times of pre-Christian Poland, in the lands of the pagan Polans tribe.The first theme of the novel is the political struggle  between Chwostek, his wife Brunhilda and their court, as against the clans and free farmers. The Prince wants to introduce an absolute rule modeled on that of the Holy Roman Emperor, while his subjects want to preserve their freedoms. As the struggle intensifies, The Prince commits ever more cruel acts (mutilations, murders etc.), causing his subjects to openly rebel against his rule. Weaker in warriors and support, the Prince calls for help from his German allies and a civil war rages. Finally Chwostek and his allies are defeated, he and his family die during the siege of his keep, and the clans and free farmers elect a new ruler, Piast the Wheelwright.
<Lysistrata>	Lysistrata (/laɪˈsɪstrətə/ or /ˌlɪsəˈstrɑːtə/; Attic Greek: Λυσιστράτη, Lysistrátē, "Army Disbander") is an ancient Greek comedy by Aristophanes, originally performed in classical Athens in 411 BC. It is a comic account of a woman's extraordinary mission to end the Peloponnesian War between Greek city states by denying all the men of the land any sex, which was the only thing they truly and deeply desired. Lysistrata persuades the women of the warring cities to withhold sexual privileges from their husbands and lovers as a means of forcing the men to negotiate peace—a strategy, however, that inflames the battle between the sexes.The play is notable for being an early exposé of sexual relations in a male-dominated society. Additionally, its dramatic structure represents a shift from the conventions of Old Comedy, a trend typical of the author's career. It was produced in the same year as the Thesmophoriazusae, another play with a focus on gender-based issues, just two years after Athens' catastrophic defeat in the Sicilian Expedition.These lines, spoken by the Athenian Lysistrata and her friend Calonice at the beginning of the play, set the scene for the action that follows. Women, as represented by Calonice, are sly hedonists in need of firm guidance and direction. Lysistrata, however, is an extraordinary woman with a large sense of individual and social responsibility. She has convened a meeting of women from various Greek city-states that are at war with each other.  (There is no explanation of how she manages this, but the satirical nature of the play makes this unimportant.)  Soon after she confides in her friend her concerns for the female sex, the women begin arriving.
<Whit_Stillman>	John Whitney Stillman (born January 25, 1952) is an American writer-director and actor known for his 1990 film Metropolitan, which earned him a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay. He is also known for his other films, Barcelona (1994), The Last Days of Disco (1998), Damsels in Distress (2011), as well as his most recent film, Love & Friendship, released in 2016.Stillman was born in 1952 in Washington, D.C., to Margaret Drinker (née Riley), from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and a Democratic politician, John Sterling Stillman, an assistant secretary of commerce under President John F. Kennedy (a classmate of Stillman's father at Harvard), from Washington, D.C. His great-grandfather was businessman James Stillman; his great-great-grandfather, Charles Stillman, founded Brownsville, Texas. Stillman grew up in Cornwall, New York, and experienced depression during puberty. "I was very depressed when I was 11 or 12," he told The Wall Street Journal. "I was sent to the leading Freudian child psychologist in Washington, D.C. It was heck. The last thing I needed to talk about was guilt about sex." However, when his parents separated, he found that his depression ceased: "I actually felt healthier."
<Fiat_Palio>	The Fiat Palio is a supermini car which was produced by the Italian manufacturer Fiat from 1996 until 2018. It is a world car, developed by Fiat Automóveis and aimed at developing countries. It has been produced in various countries worldwide, and its platform was also used in the Siena sedan, the Palio Weekend station wagon, the Palio Adventure crossover and the Strada light pick-up truck.The Palio badge originated on the European-market Mark II Fiat 127, of 1977, where it was a trim designation rather than an actual model. The 127 Palio featured alloy wheels, a more luxurious interior, and a metallic paint finish as found on the 127 Sport. The Palio designation was also used on other Fiat models throughout the 1980s and 1990s in various markets.
<AEK_Athens_F.C.>	AEK FC (Greek: ΠΑΕ A.E.K. [aek]; Αθλητική Ένωσις Κωνσταντινουπόλεως; Athlitikí Énosis Konstantinoupόleos, meaning Athletic Union of Constantinople) is a Greek professional football club based in Nea Filadelfeia, a suburb of Attica, Greece.Established in Nea Filadelfeia in 1924 by Greek refugees from Istanbul in the wake of the Greco-Turkish War (1919–1922), AEK is one of the three most successful teams in Greek football (including Olympiacos and Panathinaikos), winning 30 national titles and the only oneto have won all the competitions organised by the Hellenic Football Federation (12 Championships, 15 Greek Cups, 1 League Cup and 2 Super Cups).
<Roger_Revelle>	Roger Randall Dougan Revelle (March 7, 1909 – July 15, 1991) was a scientist and scholar who was instrumental in the formative years of the University of California, San Diego and was among the early scientists to study anthropogenic global warming, as well as the movement of Earth's tectonic plates. UC San Diego's first college is named Revelle College in his honor.Roger Revelle was born in Seattle to William Roger Revelle and Ella Dougan. He grew up in southern California. After graduating from Pomona College in 1929 with early studies in geology, he earned a PhD in oceanography from the University of California, Berkeley in 1936.  While at Cal, he studied under George Louderback and was initiated into Theta Tau Professional Engineering Fraternity, which started as a mining engineering fraternity and maintained a strong affinity for geology and geological engineering students. Much of his early work in oceanography took place at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography (SIO) in San Diego.  He was also oceanographer for the Navy during WWII.  He was director of SIO from 1950 to 1964.  He stood against the UC faculty being required to take an anti-communist oath during the Joseph McCarthy period.  He served as Science Advisor to Interior Secretary Stewart Udall during the Kennedy Administration in the early 1960s and was president of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (1974).
<Frank_Faylen>	Frank Faylen (born Charles Francis Ruf, December 8, 1905[citation needed] – August 2, 1985) was an American film and television actor. Largely a bit player and character actor, he occasionally played more fleshed-out supporting roles during his forty-two year acting career, during which he appeared in some 223 film and television productions, often without credit.Born in St. Louis, Missouri, Faylen began his acting career as an infant appearing with his vaudeville-performing parents on stage. The family lived on a showboat, and performed throughout his youth.
<Hippolytus_(play)>	Hippolytus (Ancient Greek: Ἱππόλυτος, Hippolytos) is an Ancient Greek tragedy by Euripides, based on the myth of Hippolytus, son of Theseus. The play was first produced for the City Dionysia of Athens in 428 BC and won first prize as part of a trilogy.Euripides first treated the myth in a previous play, Hippolytos Kalyptomenos (Ἱππόλυτος καλυπτόμενος – Hippolytus Veiled), which is now lost; what is known of it is based on echoes found in other ancient writings. The earlier play, and the one that has survived are both titled Hippolytus, but in order to distinguish the two they have traditionally been given the names, Hippolytus Kalyptomenos and Hippolytus Stephanophoros (Ἱππόλυτος στεφανοφόρος – "Hippolytus the wreath bearer"). It is thought that the contents to the missing Hippolytos Kalyptomenos portrayed a shamelessly lustful Phaedra, who directly propositioned Hippolytus, which apparently offended the play's audience.Euripides revisits the myth in Hippolytos Stephanophoros, its title referring to the garlands Hippolytus wears as a worshipper of Artemis. In this version Phaedra fights against her own sexual desires, which have been incited by Aphrodite.
<Ronald_Vale>	Ronald David Vale (born 1959) is a biochemist and cell biologist. He is a professor at the Department of Cellular and Molecular Pharmacology, University of California, San Francisco. His research is focused on motor proteins, particularly kinesin and dynein. He was awarded the Canada Gairdner International Award for Biomedical Research in 2019, the Shaw Prize in Life Science and Medicine in 2017 together with Ian Gibbons, and the Albert Lasker Award for Basic Medical Research in 2012 alongside Michael Sheetz and James Spudich. He is a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and a member of the National Academy of Sciences. He was the president of the American Society for Cell Biology in 2012. He has also been an investigator at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute since 1995. In 2019, Vale was named executive director of the Janelia Research Campus and a vice president of HHMI, his appointment began in early 2020.Vale was born in Hollywood, California. His mother, Evelyn, was a former actress; his father, Eugene, was a novelist and screenwriter. He finished high school at Hollywood High School. For his grade 10 science project, he set up a laboratory at the basement of his home to investigate the circadian rhythm of bean plants. His guidance counselor contacted Karl Hammer at the University of California, Los Angeles, who allowed Vale to continue his experiments at his laboratory. His guidance counselor also encouraged Vale to submit his work to the Westinghouse Science Talent Search (now the Regeneron Science Talent Search), where he was selected as one of the top 40 students in the US.
<Western_Electric>	The Western Electric Company was an American electrical engineering and manufacturing company officially founded in 1869. A wholly owned subsidiary of AT&T for most of its lifespan, it served as the primary equipment manufacturer, supplier, and purchasing agent for the Bell System from 1881 to 1984 when it was dismantled. The company was responsible for many technological innovations as well as developments in industrial management.In 1856, George Shawk, a craftsman and telegraph maker, purchased an electrical engineering business in Cleveland, Ohio. On December 31, 1869, he entered a partnership with Enos M. Barton, and later sold his share to inventor Elisha Gray. In 1872, Barton and Gray moved the business to Clinton Street, Chicago, Illinois, and incorporated it as the Western Electric Manufacturing Company. They manufactured a variety of electrical products including typewriters, alarms, and lighting and had a close relationship with telegraph company Western Union, to whom they supplied relays and other equipment.In 1875, Gray sold his interests to Western Union, including the caveat that he had filed against Alexander Graham Bell's patent application for the telephone. The ensuing legal battle between Western Union and the Bell Telephone Company over patent rights ended in 1879 with Western Union withdrawing from the telephone market and Bell acquiring Western Electric in 1881. This purchase was a crucial step in standardizing telephone instruments and concentrating manufacturing in a single entity.
<Alice_Joyce>	Alice Joyce Brown (née  Joyce; October 1, 1890 – October 9, 1955) was an American actress who appeared in more than 200 films during the 1910s and 1920s. She is known for her roles in the 1923 film The Green Goddess and its 1930 remake of the same name.Alice Joyce was born in Kansas City, Missouri, to John Edward and Vallie Olive McIntyre Joyce. She had a brother, Francis "Frank" Joyce, who was 2 years younger and who later became an entertainment manager. Her father was a smelter of Irish and French ancestry and her mother a Welsh seamstress. Educated at a convent in Maryland, she ran away to New York while still a teenager.
<Humboldt_University_of_Berlin>	Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin (German: Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin, abbreviated HU Berlin) is a German public research university in the central borough of Mitte in Berlin. It was established by Frederick William III on the initiative of Wilhelm von Humboldt, Johann Gottlieb Fichte and Friedrich Ernst Daniel Schleiermacher as the University of Berlin (Universität zu Berlin) in 1809, and opened in 1810, making it the oldest of Berlin's four universities. From 1828 until its closure in 1945, it was named Friedrich Wilhelm University (German: Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität). During the Cold War, the university found itself in East Berlin and was de facto split in two when the Free University of Berlin opened in West Berlin. The university received its current name in honour of Alexander and Wilhelm von Humboldt in 1949.The university is divided into nine faculties including its medical school shared with the Freie Universität Berlin. The university has a student enrollment of around 32,000 students, and offers degree programs in some 189 disciplines from undergraduate to post-doctorate level. Its main campus is located on the Unter den Linden boulevard in central Berlin. The university is known worldwide for pioneering the Humboldtian model of higher education, which has strongly influenced other European and Western universities.
<Sarah_Marshall_(British_actress)>	Sarah Lynne Marshall (25 May 1933 – 18 January 2014) was a British actress. She received a nomination for the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play for her performance in Goodbye Charlie.Marshall was born in London, to actors Edna Best and Herbert Marshall. After her parents divorced, Marshall and her mother moved to Los Angeles.Marshall made her Broadway debut in 1951 in a short revival of Elmer Rice's Dream Girl. Her next performances were in three revivals of Robert E. Sherwood plays and a new S.N. Behrman play opposite her mother, all to small audiences. Marshall won a Theatre World Award in 1956 for her role as Bonnie Dee Ponder in the adaptation of Eudora Welty's The Ponder Heart. She was nominated for the Tony Award in 1960 for her role in George Axelrod's play Goodbye Charlie.
<James_Baker>	James Addison Baker III (born April 28, 1930) is an American attorney, diplomat and statesman. A member of the Republican Party, he served as the 10th White House Chief of Staff and 67th United States Secretary of the Treasury under President Ronald Reagan and the 61st U.S. Secretary of State before returning as the 16th White House Chief of Staff under President George H. W. Bush.Born in Houston, Baker attended The Hill School and Princeton University before serving in the United States Marine Corps. After graduating from the University of Texas School of Law, he pursued a legal career. He became a close friend of George H. W. Bush and worked for Bush's unsuccessful 1970 campaign for the United States Senate. After the campaign, he served in various positions for President Richard Nixon. In 1975, he was appointed Under Secretary of Commerce for Gerald Ford. He served until May 1976, ran Ford's 1976 presidential campaign, and unsuccessfully sought election as the Attorney General of Texas.
<Renee_Young>	Renee Jane Paquette is a Canadian-American television personality currently working as a backstage interviewer for All Elite Wrestling (AEW). She was previously known for her time in WWE between 2012 and 2020, where she served as a commentator, presenter, and interviewer under the ring name Renee Young. During her time in WWE, Young also appeared as a main cast member on the reality television series Total Divas. Prior to signing with WWE, she was a sports broadcaster for The Score Television Network.Renee Jane Paquette was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. After high school, she applied to several colleges and began training in improv comedy. At the age of 19, she relocated to Los Angeles to pursue a career as a comedic actress, but later moved back to Toronto and auditioned for films, music videos, and commercials there instead. After becoming frustrated with her lack of auditions, she became interested in broadcasting instead of acting.
<I'll_Be_The_Devil>	I'll Be The Devil is a play by Leo Butler commissioned by the Royal Shakespeare Company and written in response to The Tempest by William Shakespeare. It was staged for the first time at the Tricycle Theatre in 2008, directed by Ramin Gray. It featured Derbhle Crotty, Tom Burke, John McInerny, and Gerard Murphy.The play is set in Ireland during the 18th century. An English soldier has two illegitimate children by his mistress, a local woman. His pending departure for England triggers dramatic events. Young cattle-killer Dermot is a Celtic Caliban. He becomes the instrument of his mother Maryanne's revenge against his father, Lieutenant Coyle.
<Michael_H._Schill>	Michael H. Schill (born September 30, 1958) is an American legal scholar and academic administrator serving as the 17th President of Northwestern University since September 2022. He previously served as the 18th president of the University of Oregon  and as a law professor at the University of Oregon School of Law. He is the former Dean and currently the Harry N. Wyatt Professor of Law Emeritus at the University of Chicago Law School. On August 11, 2022 he was appointed president of Northwestern University by the Board of Trustees. He was elected president of the University of Oregon on April 14, 2015 by the University of Oregon Board of Trustees. He assumed UO's presidency on July 1, 2015 and was formally invested on June 1, 2016. Schill is the author of three books and numerous articles, and focuses his scholarship in the areas of real estate, housing policy, and discrimination in the housing market. His casebook, Property, co-authored with Jesse Dukeminier, James Krier, Greg Alexander, and Lior Strahilevitz is the best-selling casebook used in American law schools.Schill was born in Schenectady, New York, to Simon Schill and the former Ruth Coplon. He was a first-generation college student and attended Linton High School and Princeton University, where he graduated with an A.B. from the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs in 1980 after completing a 166-page long senior thesis titled "Reinvestment and Displacement: A Research Strategy." He received his J.D. from Yale Law School in 1984 where he was an editor of the Yale Law Journal. Immediately following his graduation from law school, he clerked for the Honorable Marvin Katz of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania for the 1984 term. He practiced law at the law firm of Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver and Jacobson from 1985 to 1987.On April 14, 2015, the UO Board of Trustees named Schill as the 18th president of the University of Oregon. He has focused on three priorities to advance the UO's mission: enhancing academic and research excellence, supporting student access and success, and improving campus experience and diversity and experience.
<On_the_Beach_(2000_film)>	On the Beach is a 2000 apocalyptic made-for-television film directed by Russell Mulcahy and starring Armand Assante, Bryan Brown, and Rachel Ward. It was originally aired on Showtime.The film is a remake of a 1959 film, which was also based on the 1957 novel by Nevil Shute, but updates the setting of the story to the film's then-future of 2006, starting with placing the crew on a fictional  Los Angeles-class submarine, USS Charleston (SSN-704).
<Hondo_(film)>	Hondo is a 1953 Warnercolor 3D Western film directed by John Farrow and starring John Wayne and Geraldine Page. The screenplay is based on the 1952 Collier's short story "The Gift of Cochise" by Louis L'Amour. The book Hondo was a novelization of the film also written by L'Amour, and published by Gold Medal Books in 1953. The supporting cast features Ward Bond, James Arness and Leo Gordon.The shoot went over schedule, and Farrow had to leave the production as he was contractually obligated to direct another movie. The final scenes featuring the Apache attack on the circled wagons of the Army and settlers were shot by John Ford, whom Wayne had asked to finish the film; Ford was uncredited for this work.
<Michael_Arndt>	Michael Arndt is an American screenwriter. He is best known as the writer of the films Little Miss Sunshine (2006), Toy Story 3 (2010), and Star Wars: The Force Awakens (2015).Arndt won the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for Little Miss Sunshine and was nominated for Best Adapted Screenplay for Toy Story 3. This made Arndt the first screenwriter ever to be nominated for both the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay and Best Adapted Screenplay for his first two screenplays.
<Veronica_Lake>	Constance Frances Marie Ockelman (November 14, 1922 – July 7, 1973), known professionally as Veronica Lake, was an American film, stage, and television actress. Lake was best known for her  femme fatale roles in film noirs with Alan Ladd during the 1940s, her peek-a-boo hairstyle, and films such as Sullivan's Travels (1941) and I Married a Witch (1942). By the late 1940s, Lake's career began to decline, due in part to her alcoholism. She made only one film in the 1950s, but made several guest appearances on television. She returned to the big screen in 1966 in the film Footsteps in the Snow (1966), but the role failed to revitalize her career.Lake's memoir, Veronica: The Autobiography of Veronica Lake, was published in 1970. Her final screen role was in a low-budget horror film, Flesh Feast (1970). After years of heavy drinking, Lake died at the age of 50 in July 1973, from hepatitis and acute kidney injury.
<Legend_(Lu_novel)>	Legend is a 2011 dystopian young adult novel written by American author Marie Lu. It is the first book in the Legend series followed by Prodigy, Champion, and Rebel. Lu draws inspiration from events and experiences throughout her life and media she has consumed such as the movie Les Miserables.Published by Penguin Young Readers Group under the Putnam imprint in July 2010, Legend is Marie Lu's first published work. Lu drew inspiration from several sources while writing this novel. One of her biggest inspirations was Les Misérables, basing her characters of Day and June on the police inspector Javert and ex-convict Jean Valjean in the movie. In an interview with Judith Pereira from The Globe and Mail, Lu explained that watching Les Misérables drew her to adapt the criminal versus detective narrative to make it a teen version.Additionally, Lu drew inspiration from events in East Asia such as the Eugenics movement in early 20th century Korea and the Tiananmen Square Massacre in China. In an interview with Rick Margolis for the School Library Journal, Lu revealed that her experiences while living in China and being at Tiananmen Square hours before the massacre indirectly shaped the novel by changing the way she saw things.
<Lady_Blossom>	Jeanie Clarke (born 4 April 1959) is an English former professional wrestling manager and author. She is best known for her appearances with the American professional wrestling promotions the United States Wrestling Association and World Championship Wrestling from 1990 to 1991 under the respective ring names Jeanie Adams and Lady Blossom as the valet for "Stunning" Steve Austin. In 2016, Clarke released her autobiography Through the Shattered Glass.Clarke originally worked as a model. She travelled to the United States alongside her then-boyfriend, professional wrestler Chris Adams. The couple split up in the early 1980s, and in 1990 Clarke began a relationship with wrestler "Stunning" Steve Austin.
<Alverstone_railway_station>	Alverstone railway station, was an intermediate station situated on the edge of Alverstone village      on the Isle of Wight, off the south coast of England.Served by the line from Newport  to Sandown, the station was incorporated by the Isle of Wight (Newport Junction) Railway in 1868 opened in 1875. Absorbed by the Isle of Wight Central Railway, it became part of the Southern Railway during the Grouping of 1923. Passing on to the Southern Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948, it was then  closed 81 years after opening by the British Transport Commission.
<Caro_Dawes>	Caro Dana Dawes (née Blymyer; January 6, 1866 – October 3, 1957) was the wife of Vice President Charles G. Dawes, and thus second Lady of the United States from 1925 to 1929.  Caro Blymyer married Charles Dawes on January 24, 1889. They had two children and adopted two more. After the death of their son Rufus in 1912, the Daweses retreated from social life and instead devoted much of their energies to charity work.While serving as Second Lady, Dawes disappointed the social elite of Washington, D.C. because she declined many social invitations. Nonetheless, it was observed that her "manner was sweet and gentle, her conversation cultured, and her dignity unimpeachable."
<Hubert_H._Humphrey_Metrodome>	The Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome (commonly called the Metrodome) was a domed sports stadium located in downtown Minneapolis, Minnesota. It opened in 1982 as a replacement for Metropolitan Stadium, the former home of the National Football League's (NFL) Minnesota Vikings and Major League Baseball's (MLB) Minnesota Twins, and Memorial Stadium, the former home of the Minnesota Golden Gophers football team.The Metrodome was the home of the Vikings from 1982 to 2013, the Twins from 1982 to 2009, the National Basketball Association's (NBA) Minnesota Timberwolves in their 1989–90 inaugural season, the Golden Gophers football team from 1982 to 2008, and the occasional home of the Golden Gophers baseball team from 1985 to 2010 and their full-time home in 2012. It was also the home of the Minnesota Strikers of the North American Soccer League in 1984. The Vikings played at the University of Minnesota's TCF Bank Stadium for the 2014 and 2015 NFL seasons, ahead of the planned opening of U.S. Bank Stadium in 2016.The stadium had a fiberglass fabric roof that was self-supported by air pressure and was the third major sports facility to have this feature (the first two being the Pontiac Silverdome and the Carrier Dome). The Metrodome was similar in design to the former RCA Dome and to BC Place, though BC Place was reconfigured with a retractable roof in 2010. The Metrodome was the inspiration for the Tokyo Dome in Tokyo, Japan. The stadium was the only facility to have hosted a Super Bowl (1992), World Series (1987, 1991), MLB All-Star Game (1985) and NCAA Division I Basketball Final Four (1992, 2001).
<George_Porter>	George Porter, Baron Porter of Luddenham Kt OM PRS FRSE (6 December 1920 – 31 August 2002) was a British chemist. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1967.Porter was born in Stainforth, near Thorne, in the then West Riding of Yorkshire. He was educated at Thorne Grammar School, then won a scholarship to the University of Leeds and gained his first degree in chemistry.  During his degree, Porter was taught by Meredith Gwynne Evans, who he later said was the most brilliant chemist he had ever met. He was awarded a PhD from the University of Cambridge in 1949 for research investigating free radicals produced by photochemical means. He would later become a fellow at Emmanuel College, Cambridge.
<Milestone_Group>	Catenae Innovation (formerly Milestone Group) is a British Digital Media and Technology company. Originally a cross media proprietor with holdings in radio, publishing and television, the company now focuses on the digital media and technology sector.The company is based in London and is a constituent of the FTSE AIM All-Share Index division of the Alternative Investment Market.Since Milestone’s admission to the AIM on 1 July 2003, the company has progressed from a radio, publishing and television provider to a digital media and technology company. The following events mark that progression:
<ASME_Medal>	The ASME Medal, created in 1920, is the highest award bestowed by the ASME (founded as the American Society of Mechanical Engineers) Board of Governors for "eminently distinguished engineering achievement". The award has been presented every year since 1996 (first medalist was awarded in 1921), and it consists of a $15,000 honorarium, a certificate, a travel supplement not to exceed $750, and a gold medal inscribed with the words, "What is not yet, may be".ASME also gives out a number of other awards yearly, including the Edwin F. Church Medal, the Holley medal, and the Soichiro Honda medal.Source: ASME
<Creature_Double_Feature>	Creature Double Feature was a syndicated horror show, broadcast in the Boston and Philadelphia area during the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s. It sometimes also aired under names like Sci-Fi Flix and Creature Feature.   The show aired classic monster movies, with the name "Creature Double Feature" based on its airing two movies during its three-hour time slot.  The movies broadcast were taken from the classic Universal Horror movies of the 1930s to 1950s, the Hammer Studios and American International Pictures films of the 1950s, Roger Corman's horror films of the 1960s, and Toho Studio's "giant monster" (known in Japanese as either kaiju or tokusatsu) movies of the 1950s, 1960s, and 1970s.Creature Double Feature usually aired on Saturday afternoons. Because it aired after the traditional Saturday morning cartoon time block, it introduced many younger viewers to classic (and not-so-classic) monster movies. In other cities it aired either on Friday night or Saturday night.Beginning in 1972 a station in the Kaiser Broadcasting (later Field Communications) chain, WKBG (Channel 56; WLVI after The Boston Globe sold their share back to Kaiser in 1975) aired its collection of Godzilla movies—one per week at 4 p.m. on Saturday under the title, The 4 O'Clock Movie. They cycled through their collection twice, noticing that the broadcasts were especially popular with youngsters. Then, they started showing the films at midnight, calling it Creature Feature. The ratings became so popular that the show was moved to noon to increase its ratings. However, it was in direct competition with WCVB-TV's Candlepin Bowling and was moved to the 2 p.m. time slot. Its popularity grew and they tweaked the title to Creature Double Feature and changed its start time to 1 p.m. The show quickly became a staple of the station's Saturday programming schedule during the 1970s and early-1980s. Although the exact date of the final show is currently unknown, it seems to have petered out sometime in 1983 and was replaced with WLVI-TV's Martial Arts Theater, showing cheap English-dubbed Hong Kong martial arts movies, as a replacement.
<Edmonton>	Edmonton (/ˈɛdməntən/ (listen) ED-mən-tən) is the capital city of the Canadian province of Alberta. Edmonton is situated on the North Saskatchewan River and is the centre of the Edmonton Metropolitan Region, which is surrounded by Alberta's central region. The city anchors the north end of what Statistics Canada defines as the "Calgary–Edmonton Corridor".As of 2021, Edmonton had a city population of 1,010,899 and a metropolitan population of 1,418,118, making it the fifth-largest city and sixth-largest metropolitan area (CMA) in Canada. Edmonton is North America's northernmost  large city and metropolitan area comprising over one million people each. A resident of Edmonton is known as an Edmontonian.
<Exodus_(Uris_novel)>	Exodus is a historical novel by American novelist Leon Uris about the founding of the State of Israel beginning with a compressed retelling of the voyages of the 1947 immigration ship Exodus and describing the histories of the various main characters and the ties of their personal lives to the birth of the new Jewish state.Published by Doubleday in 1958, it became an international publishing phenomenon, the biggest bestseller in the United States since Gone with the Wind (1936) and still at number one on The New York Times Best Seller list eight months after its release. It has been both widely praised and criticized as being anti-Arab or anti-Palestinian and as having "ignored the basic injustice" at the root of the Israeli–Palestinian conflict.Otto Preminger directed a 1960 film based on the novel, featuring Paul Newman as Ari Ben Canaan. It focuses mainly on the escape from Cyprus and subsequent events in Palestine.
<Jean_Passanante>	Jean Passanante (born June 26, 1953) is an American television screenwriter, best known for her work in daytime soap operas. Passanante got her start as an actress doing bit parts in the 1980s, including John Sayles's Return of the Secaucus 7 and Lianna. She later became a soap opera writer.Passanante was born on June 26, 1953 in St. Louis, Missouri, one of three daughters born to to Bart, a physician, and Alberta Passanante. Her sisters are Joy and Judy.She graduated from Ladue Horton Watkins High School in 1971. She attended Dartmouth College.
<David_Lipsky>	David Lipsky (born July 20, 1965) is an American author. His works have been New York Times bestsellers, New York Times Notable Books, Time, Amazon,  and NPR Best Books of the Year, and have been included in The Best American Magazine Writing and The Best American Short Stories collections.Lipsky received the National Magazine Award in 2009. He was portrayed by Jesse Eisenberg in the 2015 feature film The End of the Tour, an adaptation of his memoir Although of Course You End Up Becoming Yourself. He is a contributing editor at Rolling Stone. He currently lives in New York City.
<Qatar_Investment_Authority>	The Qatar Investment Authority (QIA; Arabic: جهاز قطر للإستثمار) is Qatar's sovereign wealth fund. The QIA was founded by the State of Qatar in 2005 to strengthen the country's economy by diversifying into new asset classes. In 2021, the QIA had an estimated $450 billion of assets.The QIA's structure and decision-making procedures have been characterized as non-transparent. Spending decisions regarding the fund have been linked to the emir and the prime minister (regardless of whether they sit on the board of the fund). On September 2017, the Research gate (blog post of Berlin) provided data about the functioning behind the Qatar Investment Authority’s investments and it was found out that QIA's participation in global capitalism as a fully state-owned business is a compelling and little-examined facet of the organization. By examining fine-grained ownership data, CORPNET can monitor these activities on a worldwide scale. Beyond Sovereign Wealth Funds, any state-owned organization worldwide can be included in this research of cross-border state ownership networks. The data also showcased that there were no noteworthy high-profile transactions when looking at the Qatari state investment outside of the QIA activities; instead, smaller acquisitions with higher, majority, or full ownership targets were discovered. This demonstrates the notion that Qatar's absorption into global capitalism is symbolized by the QIA. The acquisition of PSG, the strong focus on the UK and other European countries as investment targets indicate that the QIA is eager to establish the Qatari state as an important actor in global finance.
<Kunio_Hatoyama>	Kunio Hatoyama (鳩山邦夫, Hatoyama Kunio, 13 September 1948 – 21 June 2016) was a Japanese politician who served as Minister of Internal Affairs and Communications under Prime Ministers Shinzō Abe and Yasuo Fukuda until 12 June 2009.Kunio Hatoyama was born in Tokyo in 1948. He was a son of Yasuko Hatoyama and Iichirō Hatoyama, a bureaucrat who later became a third-generation politician, and grandson of Ichirō Hatoyama, who became the President of the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) and Prime Minister of Japan between 1954 and 1956. His brother Yukio Hatoyama, also a politician and leader of the rival Democratic Party of Japan, became the country's Prime Minister in September 2009 following a landslide victory in the August 2009 election. His maternal grandfather was Shōjirō Ishibashi, founder of Bridgestone.Hatoyama attended the Faculty of Law at the University of Tokyo and graduated with a degree in political science. He wanted to get into politics right away and became an aide to Prime Minister Kakuei Tanaka. He ran for the House of Representatives in 1976 as a member of the New Liberal Club and entered the LDP after winning.
<Seymour_Benzer>	Seymour Benzer (October 15, 1921 – November 30, 2007) was an American physicist, molecular biologist and behavioral geneticist. His career began during the molecular biology revolution of the 1950s, and he eventually rose to prominence in the fields of molecular and behavioral genetics. He led a productive genetics research lab both at Purdue University and as the James G. Boswell Professor of Neuroscience, Emeritus, at the California Institute of Technology.Benzer was born in the South Bronx to Meir Benzer and Eva Naidorf, both Jews from Poland. He had two older sisters, and his parents favored him as the only boy. One of Benzer's earliest scientific experiences was dissecting frogs he had caught as a boy. In an interview at Caltech, Benzer also remembered receiving a microscope for his 13th birthday, “and that opened up the whole world.” The book Arrowsmith by Sinclair Lewis heavily influenced the young Benzer, and he even imitated the handwriting of Max Gottlieb, a scientist character in the novel. Benzer graduated from New Utrecht High School at 15 years old.In 1938 he enrolled at Brooklyn College where he majored in physics. Benzer then moved on to Purdue University to earn his Ph.D. in solid state physics. While there he was recruited for a secret military project to develop improved radar. He performed research that led to the development of stable germanium rectifiers and discovered a germanium crystal able to be used at high voltages, among the scientific work that led to the first transistor.
<Phillips_Smalley>	Wendell Phillips Smalley (August 7, 1865 – May 2, 1939) was an American silent film director and actor.Born in Brooklyn, New York, he was the grandson of Wendell Phillips; he was the son of George Washburn Smalley, a war correspondent, and his wife Phoebe Garnaut, adopted by Phillips. He matriculated at Balliol College, Oxford in 1886.
<Bahuk>	Bahuk (Gujarati: બાહુક) is a Gujarati long narrative poem by Chinu Modi. The poem is composed both in metrical and non-metrical verse and centres on Nala, a character from the Mahabharata who metamorphosed into Bahuka. It is an acclaimed poem of Gujarati literature written in Sanskrit-styled figurative language. The poem was selected for the Ushnas Prize (1982–83) by the Gujarati Sahitya Parishad.Chinu Modi began writing Bahuk in 1971. He suspended work between 1979 and 1981, on receiving a creative fellowship from the Department of Culture in Delhi, before going on to complete the poem in October 1982. Bahuk was published in book form in January 1983 by Adarsh Publication, Ahmedabad, and reprinted in 1999. A third edition, including critical articles, was published in October 2014.During his exile, Pandava king Yudhishthira asked Brihadashwa, "Is there any other emperor in this wood who is unfortunate as me?". At that time, Brihadashwa consoled him by narrating the story of Nala and Damayanti. In Modi's poem, the sage Brihadashwa comes into his own as an independent character and observer.
<Craig_Packer>	Craig Packer (born 1950, Fort Worth, Texas) is an American biologist, zoologist, and ecologist chiefly known for his research on lions in Serengeti National Park. He is the founder and director of both the Lion Research Center and Whole Village Project, as well as the co-founder of Savannahs Forever Tanzania. In addition, Packer has been a professor in the University of Minnesota's department of Ecology, Evolution, and Behavior since 1983. Since his graduation from Stanford University in 1972, Packer has become an active researcher and scientist, having published over 100 scientific articles and authored two books. For one of these books - Into Africa - Packer was awarded the John Burroughs Medal in 1995. He has received various honors and awards in recognition of his work as a biologist. Packer has been ordained with a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1990, a Distinguished McKnight University Professorship in 1997, and was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2003. He is a regular contributor to National Geographic and the IUCN.Packer was born in Fort Worth, Texas in 1950. He attended his local Eastern Hills High School in 1964 and graduated in 1968. Growing up, Packer was originally interested in being a doctor or an engineer, and originally sought medical school after graduating from high school. However, these fields did not support his desire to work out in the field and to travel to exotic places. Furthermore, Packer was fascinated by evolution and animal ethology. He ultimately abandoned his place in Stanford University’s School of Medicine to work as a field assistant for Jane Goodall in Gombe National Park, Tanzania to study olive baboons. He graduated Stanford in 1972 with a bachelor’s degree in Human Biology. He later attended the University of Sussex to complete his doctoral research on baboons, graduating with a Ph.D. in Behavioral Ecology in 1977. After a subsequent study on Japanese macaques in Hakusan National Park, Packer returned to Tanzania in 1978 as the head of the Serengeti Lion Project. His interest in lions derives from their unique behavior as social carnivorans, and it is a passion he continues to exercise as director of the Lion Research Center.While studying at Stanford, Packer was sent to Tanzania to study baboons at the Gombe Stream Research Center with Jane Goodall.  During this study, Packer was one of the first ecologists to study complex hypotheses about the adaptive significance of behavior in his studies of coalition formation in baboons and the reasons why male baboons dispersed from their troop of birth to new troops.  Packer attended the University of Sussex to complete his baboon research.
<Elizabeth_II>	Elizabeth II (Elizabeth Alexandra Mary; 21 April 1926 – 8 September 2022) was Queen of the United Kingdom and other Commonwealth realms from 6 February 1952 until her death in 2022. She was queen regnant of 32 sovereign states during her lifetime, and was head of state of 15 realms at the time of her death. Her reign of 70 years and 214 days was the longest of any British monarch and the longest verified reign of any female monarch in history.
<Clarence_Williams_III>	Clarence Williams III (August 21, 1939 – June 4, 2021) was an American actor. He played the character of Linc Hayes in the police television series The Mod Squad from 1968 to 1973. He also appeared in films such as Purple Rain, 52 Pick-Up, Tales from the Hood, Hoodlum, Half Baked, Life, American Gangster and Reindeer Games.Born in New York City, Williams was the son of a professional musician, Clarence "Clay" Williams Jr., and grandson of jazz and blues composer/pianist Clarence Williams and his singer-actress wife, Eva Taylor. Raised by his paternal grandmother, he became interested in acting after accidentally walking onto a stage at a theater below a Harlem YMCA.Williams began pursuing an acting career after spending two years as a paratrooper in C Company, 506th Infantry, of the 101st Airborne Division. He first appeared on Broadway in The Long Dream (1960).  Continuing his work on stage, he appeared in Walk in Darkness (1963), Sarah and the Sax (1964), Doubletalk (1964), and King John. His breakout theatrical role was in William Hanley's Slow Dance on the Killing Ground, for which he received a Tony Award nomination. The New York Times drama critic Howard Taubman wrote of his performance, "Mr. Williams glides like a dancer, giving his long, fraudulently airy speeches the inner rhythms of fear and showing the nakedness of terror when he ceases to pretend." He also served as artist-in-residence at Brandeis University in 1966.
<The_Mass_Psychology_of_Fascism>	The Mass Psychology of Fascism (German: Die Massenpsychologie des Faschismus) is a 1933 psychology book written by the Austrian psychoanalyst and psychiatrist Wilhelm Reich, in which the author attempts to explain how fascists and authoritarians come into power through their political and ideologically-oriented sexual repression on the popular masses.Reich – originally from Galicia in the Austro-Hungarian Empire and practicing psychoanalysis and psychiatry in Vienna – joined the Social Democratic Party of Austria (SPÖ) in 1928. He joined the Communist Party of Germany (KPD) upon moving his psychoanalytic practice to Berlin in 1930. However, The Mass Psychology of Fascism was seen as being so critical of the communist regime in the Soviet Union that Reich was considered to be a liability to the KPD, and was subsequently kicked out of the party upon the book's publication in 1933.The question at the heart of Reich's book was this: why did the masses turn to authoritarianism even though it is clearly against their interests? In 1933, Reich set out to analyze "the economic and ideological structure of (particularly) German society between 1928 and 1933" in this book.  The healthy alternative, he proposes, is a form of "Workers Democracy", whereby those who 'do' the actual work make the decisions as to what, how and why.
<St_Mary's_Church,_Welford>	St Mary's Church is an Anglican church and the parish church of Welford. It is a Grade II* listed building and stands on the east side of the junction of Church Lane and West Street.There was presumably a church at Welford by 1086, when the Domesday Book records the presence of a priest there, although it does not mention a church building as such.
<Andrew_Jenks>	Andrew Jenks (born March 5, 1986) is an American filmmaker.When he was nine, his family moved to Belgium for two years.  Jenks attended Hendrick Hudson High School in Montrose, New York. When Jenks was 16 he founded the Hendrick Hudson Film Festival, featuring James Earl Jones as its keynote speaker.His father is Bruce Jenks, Assistant Secretary General for the United Nations. His mother is Nancy Piper Jenks, a family nurse practitioner who is site director in internal medicine at Hudson River HealthCare in Peekskill, NY.
<Judah_P._Benjamin>	Judah Philip Benjamin, QC (August 6, 1811 – May 6, 1884) was a United States senator from Louisiana, a Cabinet officer of the Confederate States and, after his escape to the United Kingdom at the end of the American Civil War, an English barrister. Benjamin was the first Jew to hold a Cabinet position in North America and the first to be elected to the United States Senate who had not renounced his faith.Benjamin was born to Sephardic Jewish parents from London, who had moved to St. Croix in the Danish West Indies when it was occupied by Britain during the Napoleonic Wars. Seeking greater opportunities, his family immigrated to the United States, eventually settling in Charleston, South Carolina. Judah Benjamin attended Yale College but left without graduating. He moved to New Orleans, where he read law and passed the bar.
<University_of_Colorado>	Coordinates: 39°44′43″N 104°59′00″W﻿ / ﻿39.745196°N 104.983340°W﻿ / 39.745196; -104.983340The University of Colorado (CU) is a system of public universities in Colorado. It consists of four institutions: University of Colorado Boulder, University of Colorado Colorado Springs, University of Colorado Denver, and the University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus. It is governed by the elected, nine-member board of regents.
<RCD_Mallorca_B>	RCD Mallorca B, S.A.D. is a Spanish football team based in Palma, Majorca, in the Balearic Islands. Founded in 1967, it is the reserve team of RCD Mallorca and currently plays in Segunda Federación – Group 3, holding home matches at Estadi Son Bibiloni, with a capacity of 1,500 seats.Unlike in England, reserve teams in Spain play in the same football pyramid as their senior team rather than a separate league.
<Dhanji_Kanji_Gandhi_Suvarna_Chandrak>	Dhanji Kanji Gandhi Suvarna Chandrak also known as Dhanji Kanji Gandhi Gold Medal, is a literary honour in Gujarat, India given by Gujarat Sahitya Sabha. Established in 1983, the award is conferred annually on the most outstanding literate for his significant contribution in Gujarati literature. Chinu Modi rejected this medal in 1994.The list of the recipients of Dhanji Kanji Gandhi Suvarna Chandrak is as below:Chandrakant Sheth
<Linda_Thompson_(actress)>	Linda Diane Thompson (born 1950) is an American songwriter, former actress and beauty pageant winner.Thompson began her acting career as a "Hee Haw Honey" on the American television variety show Hee Haw. She was also a girlfriend of Elvis Presley, before marrying Olympic decathlon champion Caitlyn Jenner, and then music producer David Foster.
<Borussia_Mönchengladbach>	Borussia Verein für Leibesübungen 1900 e. V. Mönchengladbach, commonly known as Borussia Mönchengladbach (German: [boˈʁʊsi̯aː mœnçn̩ˈɡlatbax] (listen)), Mönchengladbach (German: [̩mœnçn̩ˈɡlatbax] (listen)) or Gladbach (German: [̩ˈɡlatˌbax] (listen); abbreviated as Borussia MG, BMG), is a professional football club based in Mönchengladbach, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, that plays in the Bundesliga, the top flight of German football. The club has won five League titles, three DFB-Pokals, and two UEFA Europa League titles.Borussia Mönchengladbach were founded in 1900, with its name derived from a Latinized form of Prussia, which was a popular name for German clubs in the former Kingdom of Prussia. The team joined the Bundesliga in 1965, and saw the majority of its success in the 1970s, where, under the guidance of Hennes Weisweiler and then Udo Lattek, they captured five league championships with Die Fohlen [diː ˈfoːlən] (The foals) team; a term coined as the squad were young with a fast, aggressive playing style. Mönchengladbach also won two UEFA Cup titles during this period and reached a European Cup final in 1977.
<Hayes_&_Yeading_United_F.C.>	Hayes & Yeading United Football Club is an association football club based in Hayes, in the London Borough of Hillingdon, England. The club was formed in 2007 from a merger of Hayes Football Club (founded in 1909) and Yeading Football Club (founded in 1960). It currently competes in the Southern League Premier Division South and plays its home matches at the Skyex stadium.Hayes & Yeading United Football Club was formed on 18 May 2007 after Conference South clubs Hayes F.C. and Yeading F.C. merged. The club's badge features the Middlesex crest and the colours from both the former sides; the emblem also features the motto Porro Simul: Latin for forward together.
<University_of_Basel>	The University of Basel (Latin: Universitas Basiliensis, German: Universität Basel) is a university in Basel, Switzerland. Founded on 4 April 1460, it is Switzerland's oldest university and among the world's oldest surviving universities. The university is traditionally counted among the leading institutions of higher learning in the country.The associated Basel University Library is the largest and among the most important libraries in Switzerland. The university hosts the faculties of theology, law, medicine, humanities and social sciences, science, psychology, and business and economics, as well as numerous cross-disciplinary subjects and institutes, such as the Biozentrum for biomedical research and the Institute for European Global Studies. In 2020, the university had 13,139 students and 378 professors. International students accounted for 27 percent of the student body.In its over 500-year history, the university has been home to Erasmus of Rotterdam, Paracelsus, Daniel Bernoulli, Leonhard Euler, Jacob Burckhardt, Friedrich Nietzsche, Tadeusz Reichstein, Karl Jaspers, Carl Gustav Jung, Karl Barth, and Jeanne Hersch. The institution is associated with ten Nobel laureates and two Presidents of the Swiss Confederation.
<Susanne_Cramer>	Susanne Cramer (3 December 1936 – 7 January 1969) was a German film and television actress. She was born in Frankfurt, Germany, and died in Hollywood, California, of pneumonia, at age 32.Cramer had a six-year career in American television, starting with a 1963 episode of The Dakotas, and ending with a 1969 episode of The Guns of Will Sonnett.In between, she was in 24 other television roles. Among them were two appearances on The Rogues in 1964, two appearances on the Kraft Suspense Theater in 1965, two appearances on Burke's Law in 1964-65, and two appearances on The Man from U.N.C.L.E..
<Refuse_To_Bend>	Refuse To Bend (17 March 2000 – 10 February 2012) was a Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.Refuse To Bend was a bay horse with a white star and white socks on his hind legs bred by his owner the Swiss businessman Walter Haefner at his Moyglare Stud Farm near the town of Maynooth, County Kildare, in Ireland. He was sired by the Champion Sire Sadler's Wells. His dam, Market Slide was a daughter of Gulch, the 1988 U.S. Champion Sprint Horse. Market Slide had previously produced the Melbourne Cup winner, Media Puzzle,
<The_Queen_of_SOP>	The Queen of SOP (Chinese: 胜女的代价) is a 2012 Chinese-Taiwanese television series produced by GTV and directed by Zhang Boyu. It stars Joe Chen, Hans Zhang and Godfrey Gao. The show first premiered on Hunan TV on 14 October 2012 before airing on FTV. The series was the highest rated drama in its time slot for the year, and also received positive reviews from the audience.Lin Xiao Jie (Joe Chen) is a low rung employee at a large Taiwanese departmental store. Dreaming of furthering her studies in England so that she can rise up the ranks in her company, Xiao Jie jumps at the opportunity to be an assistant at a company photo shoot in London. On her final day there, she gets mugged and flags down Tang Jun (Hans Zhang) for help, who successfully catches the thief and returns her belongings.
<Rainn_Wilson>	 Rainn Percival Dietrich Wilson (born January 20, 1966) is an American actor, comedian, podcaster, producer, and writer. He is best known for his role as Dwight Schrute on the NBC sitcom The Office, for which he earned three consecutive Emmy Award nominations for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series.Born in Seattle, Wilson began acting at the University of Washington, and later worked in theatre in New York City after graduating in 1986. Wilson made his film debut in Galaxy Quest (1999), followed by supporting parts in Almost Famous (2000), Steven Soderbergh's Full Frontal (2002), and House of 1000 Corpses (2003). He also had a recurring part as Arthur Martin in the HBO series Six Feet Under from 2003 to 2005. From 2018 to 2021, he starred as Trevor on the CBS sitcom Mom.
<John_Drew_Barrymore>	John Drew Barrymore (born John Blyth Barrymore Jr.; June 4, 1932 – November 29, 2004) was an American film actor and member of the Barrymore family of actors, which included his father, John Barrymore, and his father's siblings, Lionel and Ethel. He was the father of four children, including actor John Blyth Barrymore and actress Drew Barrymore. Diana Barrymore was his half-sister from his father's second marriage.Barrymore was born in Los Angeles to John Barrymore (born John Blyth) and silent film actress Dolores Costello. His parents separated when he was 18 months old, and he rarely saw his father afterward. Educated at private schools, he made his film debut at 17, billed as John Barrymore Jr. One of the schools he attended was the Hollywood Professional School. His mother attempted to dissuade him from entering acting, sending him to St. John’s Military Academy. In 1945, at age 13, Barrymore and his cousin Dirk Drew Davenport enlisted in the United States Navy to fight in World War II, posing as 17 year olds. As both were tall for their age, the military did not discover until several weeks later that the boys were below the minimum enlistment age and they were subsequently sent home.
<Martin_Delrio>	Martin Anton Delrio SJ (Latin: Martinus Antonius Delrio; Spanish: Martín Antonio del Río; French: Martin-Antoine del Rio; 17 May 1551 – 19 October 1608) was a Dutch Jesuit theologian He studied at numerous institutions, receiving a master's degree in law from Salamanca in 1574. After a period of political service in the Spanish Netherlands, he became a Jesuit in 1580.He studied or taught at Jesuit colleges across Catholic Europe, including Bordeaux, Douai, Graz, Mainz, Leuven, and Salamanca. He was the friend of the Flemish humanist Justus Lipsius, a relative of Michel de Montaigne, and an enemy of the Protestant scholar Joseph Scaliger. He was the author of a large number of books, including classical commentaries and works of biblical exegesis. He remains, however, best known for his six-volume Magical Investigations (1599–1600), a work on magic, superstition, and witchcraft.
<Kaohsiung_Mass_Rapid_Transit>	Kaohsiung Metro (Chinese: 高雄大眾捷運系統, 高雄捷運) is a rapid transit and light rail system covering the metropolitan area of Kaohsiung, Taiwan. Its rapid transit network is known as Kaohsiung Mass Rapid Transit or Kaohsiung MRT. Construction of the MRT started in October 2001. The MRT opened in 2008 and the Circular light rail in 2015. Kaohsiung Metro is operated by the Kaohsiung Rapid Transit Corporation (KRTC; Chinese: 高雄捷運公司) under a BOT contract the company signed with the Kaohsiung City Government.Two Kaohsiung Metro stations, Formosa Boulevard and Central Park, were ranked among the top 50 most beautiful subway systems in the world by Metrobits.org in 2011. In 2012, the two stations respectively are ranked as the 2nd and the 4th among the top 15 most beautiful subway stops in the world by BootsnAll.
<Alec_Hill>	Alec Jeffrey Hill AM, MBE, ED (2 July 1916 – 27 August 2008) was an Australian military historian and academic best known for his biography of General Sir Harry Chauvel and his work on the Australian Dictionary of Biography.Alec Jeffrey Hill was born in Sydney, New South Wales on 2 July 1916. His father, who served in the Great War, died while Alec was a boy. Alec was educated at Sydney Grammar, the University of Sydney and Balliol College, Oxford. He became a schoolteacher. He was commissioned in the New South Wales Scottish Regiment of the Militia in 1936.
<Gary,_Indiana>	Gary is a city in Lake County, Indiana, United States. The city has been historically dominated by major industrial activity and is home to U.S. Steel's Gary Works, the largest steel mill complex in North America. Gary is located along the southern shore of Lake Michigan about 25 miles (40 km) east of downtown Chicago, Illinois. The city is adjacent to the Indiana Dunes National Park, and is within the Chicago metropolitan area.Gary was named after lawyer Elbert Henry Gary, who was the founding chairman of the United States Steel Corporation. U.S. Steel had established the city as a company town to serve its steel mills. Although initially a very diverse city, after white flight in the 1970s, the city of Gary held the nation's highest percentage of African Americans for several decades. 
<Hale_Hamilton>	Hale Rice Hamilton (February 28, 1880 – May 19, 1942) was an American actor, writer and producer.Hamilton was born in Topeka, Kansas in 1880. (His birth year is sometimes listed as either 1879 or 1883.) 
<Tenshin_Shōden_Katori_Shintō-ryū>	Tenshin Shōden Katori Shintō-ryū (天真正伝香取神道流)  is one of the oldest extant Japanese martial arts, and an exemplar of  bujutsu. The Tenshin Shōden Katori Shintō-ryū was founded by Iizasa Ienao, born in 1387 in Iizasa village (modern Takomachi, Chiba Prefecture), who was living near Katori Shrine (Sawara City, Chiba Prefecture) at the time. The ryū gives 1447 as the year it was founded, but some scholars state that it was about 1480.Iizasa Ienao (飯篠 長威斎 家直 Iizasa Chōi-sai Ienao, c.1387 – c.1488) was a respected spearman and swordsman whose daimyō was deposed, encouraging him to relinquish control of his household to conduct purification rituals and study martial arts in isolation.
<Juan_Tizol>	Juan Tizol Martínez (22 January 1900 – 23 April 1984) was a Puerto Rican jazz trombonist and composer. He is best known as a member of Duke Ellington's big band, and as the writer of the jazz standards "Caravan", "Pyramid", and "Perdido".Tizol was born in Vega Baja, Puerto Rico.  Music was a large part of his life from an early age. His first instrument was the violin, but he soon switched to valve trombone, the instrument he played throughout his career.  His musical training came mostly from his uncle Manuel Tizol, who was the director of the municipal band and the symphony in San Juan.  Throughout his youth, Tizol played in his uncle's band and also gained experience by playing in local operas, ballets and dance bands. In 1920, Tizol joined a band that was traveling to the United States to work in Washington, D.C. The group eventually made it to Washington (traveling as stowaways) and established residence at the Howard Theater, where they played for touring shows and silent movies. At the Howard they also were hired to play in small jazz or dance groups. This is where Tizol first came in contact with Duke Ellington.Tizol joined Ellington's band in mid-1929. Arthur Whetsel, a trumpeter with whom Tizol played in the White Brothers' Band, made the recommendation. Tizol sat beside Tricky Sam Nanton in the two-man trombone section, and became the fifth voice in the brass section of Ellington's orchestra. This opened up new possibilities for Ellington's writing, as he now could write for trombones as a section instead of just having them play with the trumpets. Tizol's rich, warm tone also blended pleasingly with the saxophone section, so he was often scored carrying the lead melody with the saxes.  Along with his distinctive sound, Tizol was also known for being one of the best sight-readers and overall musicians in the band. He played with great accuracy and was considered to be the solid rock of the trombone section. He was not a major improviser in the band, but he was often featured playing written out solos that displayed his masterful technique and agility on the horn.
<Yitzhak_Rabin>	Yitzhak Rabin (/rəˈbiːn/; Hebrew: יִצְחָק רַבִּין, IPA: [jitsˈχak ʁaˈbin] (listen); 1 March 1922 – 4 November 1995) was an Israeli politician, statesman and general. He was the fifth Prime Minister of Israel, serving two terms in office, 1974–77, and from 1992 until his assassination in 1995.Rabin was born in Jerusalem to Jewish immigrants from Eastern Europe and was raised in a Labor Zionist household. He learned agriculture in school and excelled as a student. He led a 27-year career as a soldier and ultimately attained the rank of Rav Aluf. As a teenager he joined the Palmach, the commando force of the Yishuv. He eventually rose through its ranks to become its chief of operations during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War. He joined the newly formed Israel Defense Forces in late 1948 and continued to rise as a promising officer. He helped shape the training doctrine of the IDF in the early 1950s, and led the IDF's Operations Directorate from 1959 to 1963. He was appointed Chief of the General Staff in 1964 and oversaw Israel's victory in the 1967 Six-Day War.
<Matt_Lattanzi>	Matthew Vincent Lattanzi (born February 1, 1959) is an American former actor and dancer. He is most commonly recognized as the first husband of singer and actress Dame Olivia Newton-John, and for his acting in films such as My Tutor and the soap opera Paradise Beach.Lattanzi was born and raised in Portland, Oregon, the son of Jeanette (née Slowikowski) and Charles Paul Lattanzi. His father was a maintenance foreman of Italian descent, while his mother is of Polish ancestry. He graduated from Benson Polytechnic High School in 1977.While filming Xanadu (1980), Lattanzi met Olivia Newton-John, whom he married in 1984. The couple had one daughter, Chloe Rose Lattanzi, born on January 17, 1986. By 1993, his acting career was largely over, and he took a job as a contractor for a homebuilding company in California. Lattanzi and Newton-John moved to their farm in Australia in 1993 so that he could audition for the soap opera, Paradise Beach. He won a six-month contract for the show.
<Daphna_Kastner>	Daphna Kastner (born April 17, 1961) is a Canadian film and television actress, screenwriter, and film director. She is married to American actor Harvey Keitel.She and Harvey Keitel secretly married in Jerusalem, while attending the Haifa International Film Festival. In October 2001 they had their official ceremony at the Manhattan home of Keitel's friend, Ian Eckersley. They have a son.
<San_Jose_State_University>	San José State University (San Jose State or SJSU) is a public university in San Jose, California. Established in 1857, SJSU is the oldest public university on the West Coast and the founding campus of the California State University (CSU) system.Located in downtown San Jose, the SJSU main campus is situated on 154 acres (62 ha), or roughly 19 square blocks. As of fall 2021, SJSU offers 143 bachelor's degree programs, 95 master's degrees, four doctoral degrees, 11 different credential programs and 38 certificates. SJSU is accredited by the WASC Senior College and University Commission.
<Le_Grand_Kallé>	Joseph Athanase Tshamala Kabasele (16 December 1930 in Matadi, Belgian Congo (now Democratic Republic of the Congo) – 11 February 1983 in Paris, France), popularly known as Le Grand Kallé, was a Congolese singer and bandleader, considered the father of modern Congolese music. He is best known for his role as leader of the band, Le Grand Kallé et l'African Jazz, in which capacity he was involved in a number of noted songs, including Indépendance Cha Cha.Joseph Athanase Tchamala Kabasele was born in Matadi, Bas-Congo in what was then the Belgian Congo, modern Democratic Republic of Congo. He came from a prominent Congolese family, which included Cardinal Joseph Malula. Kallé went to secondary school and became a typist at a succession of commercial firms in the capital of the Belgian Congo, Léopoldville.In the early 1950s, at a new recording studio called Opika, Kasabele received an opportunity to pursue a career in music. He joined with two of the session guitarists at Opika records, Georges Doula and Albert Yamba-Yamba, to form a combo called Groupe Doula Georges. In 1951 Doula and his band starred in a publicity film for the radio station Voix de la Concorde, which operated under the call letters "OTC." To capitalize on the notoriety gained from the film, the band chose to rename themselves OTC.
<Olympique_de_Marseille>	Olympique de Marseille (French pronunciation: ​[ɔlɛ̃pik də maʁsɛj], locally [ɔlɛ̃ˈpikə də maχˈsɛjə]; Occitan: Olimpic de Marselha, pronounced [ulimˈpi de maʀˈsejɔ]), also known simply as Marseille or by the abbreviation OM (IPA: [o.ɛm], locally [oˈɛmə]), is a French professional men's football club based in Marseille, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur. Founded in 1899, the club plays in Ligue 1 and have spent most of their history in the top tier of French football. The club has won ten Ligue 1 titles, ten Coupes de France and three Coupes de la Ligue. In 1993, coach Raymond Goethals led the team to become the first and only French club to win the UEFA Champions League,  defeating Milan 1–0 in the final, the first under the UEFA Champions League branding of the tournament. In 2010, Marseille won its first Ligue 1 title in 18 years under the management of former club captain Didier Deschamps.Marseille's home ground is the 67,394-capacity Stade Vélodrome in the southern part of the city, where they have played since 1937. The club has a large fan-base, having regularly averaged the highest attendance in French football. Marseille's average home gate for the 2018–19 season was 50,361, the highest in Ligue 1. The stadium underwent renovation from 2011 to 2014, increasing its capacity to 67,000 ahead of France's hosting of UEFA Euro 2016. In 2015, the club was ranked 23rd globally in terms of annual revenue, generating €130.5 million.
<Ricky_Groves>	Richard Groves (born 23 April 1968) is an English actor best known for playing Garry Hobbs in EastEnders from 2000–09. Before his role in EastEnders he appeared in the series Burnside, a spin-off from The Bill. He trained at The Poor School in London.Ricky took part in TV series Celebrity Coach Trip partnered with friend Alex Ferns.
<St._Mark_the_Evangelist's_Church_(New_York_City)>	The Church of St. Mark the Evangelist is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York, located at West 138th Street, near Lenox Avenue in northern Harlem, Manhattan, New York City. The address is 59-61 West 138th Street and 195 East Lenox Avenue. The parish was established in 1907 and has been staffed by the Holy Ghost Fathers since 1912. The Rev. Charles J. Plunkett, pastor, had a brick church built in 1914 to designs by Nicholas Serracino of 1170 Broadway for $12,000.Coordinates: 40°48′56.98″N 73°56′18.82″W﻿ / ﻿40.8158278°N 73.9385611°W﻿ / 40.8158278; -73.9385611This article about a church or other Christian place of worship in Manhattan is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Kim_So-hyun_(actress,_born_1975)>	Kim So-hyun (born November 12, 1975) is a South Korean musical theatre actress. A classically-trained former opera singer, she switched to musical theater and debuted in 2001 as Christine Daaé in The Phantom of the Opera. She immediately rose to musical theatre stardom and has since starred in South Korean stage productions of Jekyll & Hyde, My Fair Lady, The Three Musketeers, Elisabeth, and Marie Antoinette.Kim is the oldest of three children. The children grew up in a musical household as their mother, mezzo-soprano Jang Kyung-ae, was a former opera singer who gave up a promising career to raise her children. In contrast to many of her peers, Kim did not attend a performing arts high school and has stated in a 2013 interview that she had started out playing the violin and actually shunned singing. She injured her wrist in middle school and decided to try singing after listening to a recording of La bohème.In 1994, Kim was admitted to Seoul National University's College of Music, majoring in voice. She graduated with her bachelor's degree in 1998. In 2012, shortly after the birth of her son, she completed her master's degree.
<2ZA>	2ZA was a radio station in Palmerston North, New Zealand.2ZA was started by Radio New Zealand, at the time was known as the National Broadcasting Service, in 1938, broadcasting on 940AM. The station was branded as call sign 2ZA. In 1978 the station moved to 927AM after New Zealand changed from 10 kHz spacing on the AM band to 9 kHz spacing.
<Martin_Sheen>	Ramón Antonio Gerardo Estévez (born August 3, 1940), known professionally as Martin Sheen, is an American actor. He first became known for his roles in the films The Subject Was Roses (1968) and Badlands (1973), and later achieved wide recognition for his leading role as Captain Benjamin Willard in Apocalypse Now (1979), as U.S. President Josiah Bartlet in the television series The West Wing (1999–2006), and as Robert Hanson in the Netflix television series Grace and Frankie (2015–2022).In film, Sheen has won the Best Actor award at the San Sebastián International Film Festival for his performance as Kit Carruthers in Badlands. Sheen's portrayal of Capt. Willard in Apocalypse Now earned a nomination for the BAFTA Award for Best Actor.
<Winchester,_Virginia>	Winchester is the most north western independent city in the Commonwealth of Virginia. It is the county seat of Frederick County, although the two are separate jurisdictions. The Bureau of Economic Analysis combines the city of Winchester with surrounding Frederick County for statistical purposes. As of the 2020 census, the city's population was 28,120.Winchester is the principal city of the Winchester, Virginia–West Virginia, metropolitan statistical area, which is a part of the Baltimore–Washington metropolitan area. Winchester is home to Shenandoah University and the Museum of the Shenandoah Valley.
<Philippe_Viard>	Philippe Joseph Viard (11 October 1809, Lyon, France – 2 June 1872) was a French priest and the first Bishop of the  Catholic diocese of Wellington, New Zealand.Born to Claude and Pierrette Charlotte (née Rolland) Viard in Lyon, he attended the parish school of Saint-Nizier and then entered the minor seminary at Argentière about 1827, proceeding to the major seminary of Saint-Irénée at Lyon in 1831. He was ordained priest in St John's Cathedral, Lyon on 20 December 1834 by Archbishop de Pins. He was a curate in the diocese of Lyon until 1839.On 1 January 1839 he joined the recently formed Society of Mary. After a short novitiate Viard was professed on 19 May, leaving the following day with a group of Marists for New Zealand. The missionaries sailed from London on the Australasian Packet on 14 June 1839. They arrived in Sydney on 23 October, and sailed for New Zealand on the Martha, arriving on 8 December. In May 1840 Bishop Pompallier sent Viard  to set up a mission station at Tauranga with the help of a Maori catechist, Romano.
<Raoul_Bott>	Raoul Bott (September 24, 1923 – December 20, 2005) was a Hungarian-American mathematician known for numerous basic contributions to geometry in its broad sense. He is best known for his Bott periodicity theorem, the Morse–Bott functions which he used in this context, and the Borel–Bott–Weil theorem.Bott was born in Budapest, Hungary, the son of Margit Kovács and Rudolph Bott. His father was of Austrian descent, and his mother was of Hungarian Jewish descent; Bott was raised a Catholic by his mother and stepfather. Bott grew up in Czechoslovakia and spent his working life in the United States. His family emigrated to Canada in 1938, and subsequently he served in the Canadian Army in Europe during World War II.Bott later went to college at McGill University in Montreal, where he studied electrical engineering. He then earned a PhD in mathematics from Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh in 1949. His thesis, titled Electrical Network Theory, was written under the direction of Richard Duffin. Afterward, he began teaching at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor. Bott continued his study at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton. He was a professor at Harvard University from 1959 to 1999. In 2005 Bott died of cancer in San Diego.
<Vincent_Hughes>	Vincent J. Hughes (born October 26, 1956) is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania State Senate, representing the 7th District since 1994. Hughes previously served as a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from the 190th District from 1987 to 1994.Hughes was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to James and Ann (née Adams) Hughes. After attending Temple University, he worked as library administrator at the University of Pennsylvania and was an official of District Council 47 of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees.In 1984, Hughes unsuccessfully ran for the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in the 190th District, losing to longtime incumbent James Barber in the Democratic primary. He challenged Barber again in 1986, and finally won the nomination. In the general election, he defeated his Republican opponent, Sandra R. Kellar, by a margin of 89%-11%. As a member of the State House, he served as chairman the Pennsylvania Legislative Black Caucus from 1991 to 1994.
<Richard_Hilton>	Richard Howard Hilton (born August 17, 1955) is an American businessman. He is the chairman and co-founder of Hilton & Hyland, a real estate brokerage firm based in Beverly Hills, California, that specializes in homes and estates in Beverly Hills, Holmby Hills, Bel-Air, Brentwood, Pacific Palisades, Malibu, Hollywood Hills, as well as estates from Santa Barbara to San Diego.Hilton was born in Los Angeles, California, the sixth of eight children to Marilyn June (née Hawley) and Barron Hilton, whose father was Hilton Hotel founder Conrad Hilton. In 1978, he graduated from the University of Denver with a degree in hotel and restaurant management. His siblings are: William Barron Hilton Jr. (born 1948), Hawley Anne Hilton (born 1949), Steven Michael Hilton (born 1950), David Alan Hilton (born 1952), Sharon Constance Hilton (born 1953), Daniel Kevin Hilton (born 1962), and Ronald Jeffrey Hilton (born 1963).Hilton joined the New York office of Eastdil Secured, a real estate investment banking firm. He specialized in securing participation of institutional investors and pension funds in various transactions.
<James_William_Wright>	James William Wright (9 October 1854 – 3 October 1917) was an Australian architect, civil engineer, and politician. He established the first private architectural practice in Western Australia in 1884, which now operates as Cameron Chisholm Nicol. Wright also served in the state's Legislative Council from 1902 to 1908, representing Metropolitan Province.Wright was born in Chiswick, Middlesex, England, to Elizabeth Jane (née Kensett) and James William Wright (senior). He attended King's College London, and then in 1876 moved to South Australia to work as an assistant to Henry Coathupe Mais, the colony's engineer-in-chief. Wright went into private practice in Adelaide in 1878, and completed contracts for sewerage works and for a railway bridge on the line to Nairne. After taking an extended trip to Europe in 1880 and 1881, he moved to Western Australia, where he had been awarded a contract for a portion of the Eastern Railway (running from Guildford to Chidlow).
<Blanche_Yurka>	Blanche Yurka (born Blanch Jurka, June 19, 1887 – June 6, 1974) was an American stage and film actress and director. She was an opera singer with minor roles at the Metropolitan Opera and later became a stage actress, making her Broadway debut in 1906 and established herself as a character actor of the classical stage, also appearing in several films of the 1930s and 1940s.In addition to her many stage roles, which included Queen Gertrude opposite John Barrymore's Hamlet, she was an occasional director and playwright. She remained active in theater and film until the late 1960s. Her most famous film role was Madame Defarge in MGM's version of A Tale of Two Cities (1935), but she was also the compassionate aunt in The Song of Bernadette (1943). Another memorable role was as Zachary Scott's widowed mother in The Southerner (1945).
<Andrew_Jackson_Hamilton>	Andrew Jackson Hamilton (January 28, 1815 – April 11, 1875) was an American politician during the third quarter of the 19th century. He was a lawyer, state representative, military governor of Texas, as well as the 11th Governor of Texas during Reconstruction.Hamilton was born in Huntsville, Alabama, on January 28, 1815. His education began in Alabama where he went to law school and was eventually admitted to the bar in Talladega, Alabama. In order to join his older brother Morgan, Hamilton moved to Texas late in 1846 and opened his own law practice in La Grange, Texas. Three years later he left the city, moving to Austin, Texas, to begin his political career.In 1849 Hamilton was appointed as the acting state attorney general by Texas Governor Peter H. Bell.
<Monash_University>	Monash University (/ˈmɒnæʃ/) is a public research university based in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. Named for prominent World War I general Sir John Monash, it was founded in 1958 and is the second oldest university in the state. The university has a number of campuses, four of which are in Victoria (Clayton, Caulfield, Peninsula, and Parkville), and one in Malaysia. Monash also has a research and teaching centre in Prato, Italy, a graduate research school in Mumbai, India and graduate schools in Suzhou, China and Tangerang, Indonesia. Monash University courses are also delivered at other locations, including South Africa.Monash is home to major research facilities, including the Monash Law School, the Australian Synchrotron, the Monash Science Technology Research and Innovation Precinct (STRIP), the Australian Stem Cell Centre, Victorian College of Pharmacy, and 100 research centres and 17 co-operative research centres. In 2019, its total revenue was over $2.72 billion (AUD), with external research income around $462 million. In 2019, Monash enrolled over 55,000 undergraduate and over 25,000 graduate students. It has more applicants than any other university in the state of Victoria.
<Roxanne_Dunbar-Ortiz>	Roxanne Dunbar-Ortiz (born September 10, 1938) is an American historian, writer, and activist, known for her 2014 book An Indigenous Peoples' History of the United States.Born in San Antonio, Texas, in 1938 to an Oklahoma family, Roxanne Dunbar-Ortiz grew up in Central Oklahoma, the daughter of a sharecropper of Scots-Irish ancestry and a mother that Dunbar believes to have been partially Native American, although her mother never claimed to be Native and Dunbar-Ortiz grew up without any Native heritage. Dunbar-Ortiz initially claimed to be Cheyenne but she subsequently acknowledged being white. She now claims that she is Cherokee, and that her mother denied her Native roots because she married Dunbar's father, a white tenant farmer. Dunbar's paternal grandfather was a settler, landed farmer, veterinarian, labor activist and a Socialist Party member in Oklahoma and also a member of the Industrial Workers of the World, "Wobblies". Her father was named after the leaders of the Industrial Workers of the World—Moyer Haywood Pettibone Scarberry Dunbar. Her father's stories of her grandfather inspired her to lifelong social justice activism.
<Topeka,_Kansas>	Topeka (/təˈpiːkə/ tə-PEE-kə; Kansa: tó ppí kʼé; Iowa-Oto: Dópikˀe or Dópiúkˀe) is the capital city of the U.S. state of Kansas and the seat of Shawnee County.  It is along the Kansas River in the central part of Shawnee County, in northeast Kansas, in the Central United States.  As of the 2020 census, the population of the city was 126,587.  The Topeka metropolitan statistical area, which includes Shawnee, Jackson, Jefferson, Osage, and Wabaunsee Counties, had a population of 233,870 in the 2010 census.The name "Topeka" is a Kansa-Osage word that means "place where we dig potatoes", or "a good place to dig potatoes". As a placename, Topeka was first recorded in 1826 as the Kansa name for what is now called the Kansas River. Topeka's founders chose the name in 1855 because it "was novel, of Indian origin, and euphonious of sound."  Mixed-blood Kansa Native American, Joseph James, called Jojim, is credited with suggesting Topeka's name. The city, laid out in 1854, was one of the Free-State towns founded by Eastern antislavery men immediately after the passage of the Kansas–Nebraska Bill. In 1857, Topeka was chartered as a city.The city is well known for the landmark U.S. Supreme Court case Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka, which overturned Plessy vs. Ferguson and declared racial segregation in public schools to be unconstitutional.
<American_Institute_of_Chemists_Gold_Medal>	The American Institute of Chemists Gold Medal is the highest award of the American Institute of Chemists and has been awarded since 1926.It is presented annually to a person who has most encouraged the science of chemistry or the profession of chemist or chemical engineer in the United States of America, giving "exemplary service".The following people have received the AIC Gold Medal:
<Anthony_Obodai>	Anthony Obodai (born 6 August 1982) is a Ghanaian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.Born in Accra, Obodai began his career with local team Liberty Professionals in 2000. He signed for Dutch team Ajax in 2001, playing on loan at Belgian side Germinal Beerschot during the 2002–03 season. In August 2005 a move to English side Luton Town collapsed, and Obodai moved to Sparta Rotterdam two days later. Obodai was made club captain at Sparta, but asked to leave the club in January 2007, signing for RKC Waalwijk on 31 January 2007. During his time in the Netherlands and Belgium, Obodai made nearly 200 appearances.Obodai was signed by Houston Dynamo of Major League Soccer in July 2010, making four appearances before being released at the end of the season.
<Idol_Minds>	Idol Minds, LLC (doing business as Deck Nine or Deck Nine Games since 2017) is an American video game developer based in Westminster, Colorado. The studio was founded in April 1997 by Mark Lyons and Scott Atkins who previously worked for Sony Interactive Studios America. It developed games exclusively for PlayStation consoles until 2013. Subsequently, it shifted to other game types before rebranding as "Deck Nine" in May 2017 to develop narrative-driven games. Lyons serves as president and chief technology officer of the company.Idol Minds was founded by programmer Mark Lyons and artist Scott Atkins. They had previously worked for Sony Interactive Studios America in San Diego and, after Lyons moved to Colorado with his family, established Idol Minds on April 1, 1997, in Boulder, Colorado. The studio became known for its ragdoll physics-based game Pain, which was released in November 2007. It was among the most-downloaded games on PlayStation Network of 2008. In October 2009, Idol Minds made 26 of its 46 employees redundant. One source attributed the layoffs to budget cuts by Pain publisher Sony Computer Entertainment (SCE), which was Idol Minds' only source of funding. At E3 2011, SCE announced Ruin, a "Diablo-style action role-playing game" developed by Idol Minds and SCE's San Diego Studio. After the game was renamed Warrior's Lair, Idol Minds was taken off the project in April 2012. Later in 2012, Idol Minds shifted its focus onto mobile free-to-play games. Warrior's Lair was canceled in July 2013. In August 2015, Idol Minds launched a crowdfunding campaign via Kickstarter for Shutterbug, seeking US$400,000 in funding. The project was canceled ten days later after having raised $2,973.
<The_Nether_World>	The Nether World (1889) is a novel written by the English author George Gissing. The plot concerns several poor families living in the slums of 19th-century London. Rich in naturalistic detail, the novel concentrates on the individual problems and hardships which result from the typical shortages experienced by the lower classes—want of money, employment and decent living conditions. The Nether World is pessimistic and concerns exclusively the lives of poor people: there is no juxtaposition with the world of the rich.The old Michael Snowdon returns from Australia to London after inheriting a substantial sum of money from his deceased son. Despite being able to live a comfortable, if not luxurious life, he spends only on necessities and lives like a poor man, keeping his fortune secret. In London he finds his granddaughter, Jane, a weak child whom he rescues from the tyranny of the Peckovers (mother and daughter), in whose house she is employed as a household drudge. Jane's father, Joseph, is another son of Michael's who disappeared a few years ago in search of work, leaving Jane with the Peckovers. Michael nurtures a plan to bestow his fortune on Jane after his death, but he wants Jane to spend this money on charity and social work rather than on her own needs. He engages Jane in charitable activities and everyday work even before he reveals the secret of his wealth to her, trying to inculcate to her the principles of benevolence.
<John_Kenneth_Galbraith>	John Kenneth Galbraith OC (October 15, 1908 – April 29, 2006), also known as Ken Galbraith, was a Canadian-American economist, diplomat, public official, and intellectual. His books on economic topics were bestsellers from the 1950s through the 2000s. As an economist, he leaned toward post-Keynesian economics from an institutionalist perspective.Galbraith was a long-time Harvard faculty member and stayed with Harvard University for half a century as a professor of economics. He was a prolific author and wrote four dozen books, including several novels, and published more than a thousand articles and essays on various subjects. Among his works was a trilogy on economics, American Capitalism (1952), The Affluent Society (1958), and The New Industrial State (1967). Some of his work has been criticized by economists Milton Friedman, Paul Krugman, Robert Solow, and Thomas Sowell.
<Dynamite_(Desert_Dolphins_song)>	"Dynamite" is a song recorded by Canadian country music group Desert Dolphins. It was released in 1994 as their debut single. It peaked at number 10 on the RPM Country Tracks chart in October 1994.This 1994 country song-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Göttingen>	Göttingen (/ˈɡɜːtɪŋən/, US also /ˈɡɛt-/, German: [ˈɡœtɪŋən] (listen); Low German: Chöttingen) is a university city in Lower Saxony, central Germany, the capital of the eponymous district. The River Leine runs through it. At the end of 2019, the population was 118,911.The origins of Göttingen lay in a village called Gutingi, first mentioned in a document in 953 AD. The city was founded northwest of this village, between 1150 and 1200 AD, and adopted its name. In medieval times the city was a member of the Hanseatic League and hence a wealthy town.
<Bee_Movie_Game>	Bee Movie Game is a video game based on the DreamWorks-animated movie Bee Movie. The game was released on October 30, 2007. Beenox developed the Xbox 360, PlayStation 2, and Microsoft Windows versions of the game, Smart Bomb Interactive developed the Wii version, and Vicarious Visions developed the Nintendo DS version. As Barry B. Benson, players take on an adventure to save the bees' production of honey through New York City. Players get to experience Barry's life within the hive and navigate their way around the world from the feature film using many techniques. Players can drive through the city using race cars, scooters, taxicabs, and trucks. Players can "fly" Barry at high speed through the sky. Using the Pollinator, players can Blast through obstacles or they can Buzz to cause a chain reaction. Players get to Stop Time by using Barry's bee reflexes. The video game features 2-person multiplayer mini games. Jerry Seinfeld, John Goodman, Patrick Warburton, and Tress MacNeille reprise their voices from the movie in this game.A honey bee named Barry B. Benson stars on a new show known as "New Hive Tonight". On the show, Barry talks about how he changed the lives of honey bees and humans, bringing them together.
<Leslie_Hannah>	Leslie Hannah, FBA (born 15 June 1947) is a British economic historian and academic, specialising in business history. During his academic career, he was most closely associated with the London School of Economics. His work focuses on the development of corporations, pensions and banking.Hannah first became a research fellow at St John's College, Oxford in 1969. After posts at Essex and Cambridge, he moved to the London School of Economics where he remained throughout his career. He also had visiting professorships at Harvard Business School, in Tokyo and Paris.
<Weston_Bate>	Weston Arthur Bate OAM (24 September 1924 – 31 October 2017) was an Australian historian.Bate served in the Royal Australian Air Force during the Second World War. He studied at the University of Melbourne under Manning Clark, Max Crawford, Kathleen Fitzpatrick and John O'Brien. He taught at Brighton Grammar School, Melbourne Grammar School, Bradfield College (Berkshire), and (from 1952 to 1976) at the University of Melbourne. From 1978 until 1989 Bate held the foundation chair of Australian Studies at Deakin University, Geelong. 
<C.D._Trofense>	Clube Desportivo Trofense (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈklub(ɨ) dɨʃpuɾˈtivu tɾoˈfẽs(ɨ)]), commonly known as Trofense, is a Portuguese football club based in Trofa, Portugal. Founded in 1930, it plays in Segunda Liga, holding home games at Estádio do Clube Desportivo Trofense, with a capacity of 5,074 spectators.Club colours are red and blue (related to the badge).
<Philips>	Koninklijke Philips N.V. (lit. 'Royal Philips'), commonly shortened to Philips, is a Dutch multinational conglomerate corporation that was founded in Eindhoven in 1891. Since 1997, it has been mostly headquartered in Amsterdam, though the Benelux headquarters is still in Eindhoven. Philips was formerly one of the largest electronics companies in the world, but is currently focused on the area of health technology, having divested its other divisions.The company was founded in 1891 by Gerard Philips and his father Frederik, with their first products being light bulbs. It currently employs around 80,000 people across 100 countries. The company gained its royal honorary title (hence the Koninklijke) in 1998 and dropped the "Electronics" in its name in 2013, due to its refocusing from consumer electronics to healthcare technology.
<Glória_Maria>	Glória Maria Matta da Silva (born August 15, 1949) is a Brazilian journalist, reporter, and television host.Gloria grew up in a low-income household in the suburbs of Rio de Janeiro, with her father working as a tailor and her mother, a housewife. She was taught values of cleanliness and accountability.
<Grace_McCleen>	Grace McCleen (born 1981) is a British novelist. She has won the Desmond Elliott Prize, Betty Trask Award and the Jerwood Fiction Uncovered Prize.McCleen was brought up in a fundamentalist Christian sect in Wales and for most of her childhood did not have much contact with outsiders.
<Charles_G._Dawes>	Charles Gates Dawes (August 27, 1865 – April 23, 1951) was an American banker, general, diplomat, composer, and Republican politician who was the 30th vice president of the United States from 1925 to 1929 under Calvin Coolidge. For his work on the Dawes Plan for World War I reparations, he was a co-recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize in 1925.Born in Marietta, Ohio, Dawes attended Cincinnati Law School before beginning a legal career in Lincoln, Nebraska.  After serving as a gas plant executive, he managed William McKinley's 1896 presidential campaign in Illinois. After the election, McKinley appointed Dawes as the Comptroller of the Currency. He remained in that position until 1901 before forming the Central Trust Company of Illinois. Dawes served as a general during World War I and was the chairman of the general purchasing board for the American Expeditionary Forces. In 1921, President Warren G. Harding appointed Dawes as the first director of the Bureau of the Budget. Dawes served on the Allied Reparations Commission, where he helped formulate the Dawes Plan to aid the struggling German economy, though the plan was eventually replaced by the Young Plan.
<Leonard_Sachs>	Leonard Meyer Sachs (26 September 1909 – 15 June 1990) was a South African-born British actor.Sachs was born in the town of Roodepoort, in the then Transvaal Colony, present day South Africa. He was Jewish. He emigrated to the United Kingdom in 1929 and had many television and film roles from the 1930s to the 1980s, including Mowbray in the 1950 BBC Television version of Richard II, John Wesley in the 1954 film of the same name and Lord Mount Severn in East Lynne from 1976.
<Reginald_Savory>	Lieutenant General Sir Reginald Arthur Savory KCIE CB DSO MC (26 July 1894 − 14 June 1980) was a British Indian Army officer who served during both World War I and World War II.Educated at Uppingham School, he then attended the Royal Military College, Sandhurst. Savory was commissioned onto the Unattached List of the Indian Army and posted to the 14th Sikhs in 1914. He served in World War I initially in Egypt and then took part in the Gallipoli campaign and then the Mesopotamian campaign. Promoted to lieutenant on 14 April 1916, he was awarded the Military Cross in June 1916.
<Democratic_Party_of_the_Left>	The Democratic Party of the Left (Italian: Partito Democratico della Sinistra, PDS) was a democratic socialist and social-democratic political party in Italy. Founded in February 1991 as the post-communist evolution of the Italian Communist Party, the party was the largest in the Alliance of Progressives and The Olive Tree coalitions. In February 1998, the party merged with minor parties to form Democrats of the Left.The PDS evolved from the Italian Communist Party (PCI), the largest communist party in the Western Bloc for most of the Cold War. Since 1948, it had been the second-largest party in Parliament. The PCI moved away from communist orthodoxy in the late 1960s, when it opposed the Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia. In the 1970s, it was one of the first parties to embrace Eurocommunism. By the late 1980s, the PCI had ties with social-democratic and democratic-socialist parties, and it was increasingly apparent that it was no longer a Marxist–Leninist party. With this in mind, in 1991 the PCI dissolved itself and refounded itself as the PDS, reforming its ideology to adopt acceptance of multi-party democracy and the mixed economy. Its first leader was Achille Occhetto, the final party secretary of the PCI.Although Ochetto had proclaimed the end of Communism, the new party's logo consisted of an oak tree sprouting from the previous symbol of the PCI in a roundel at the tree's roots. This logo was adopted not only to allow the PDS to trade on the PCI's roots, but to keep any potential splinter party from immediately adopting the old PCI symbol. This did not prevent hard-liners leaving the party and launching the Communist Refoundation Party (PRC). In 1993 the PDS was admitted into both the Socialist International and Party of European Socialists.  In the same year the party's MEPs moved from the European United Left to the Party of European Socialists Group in the European Parliament. In 1996, the PDS explored the possibility of adopting the fist and rose emblem of the Socialist International, but was prevented to do it by the Transnational Radical Party, which had obtained the right to use it in Italy in the 1970s.
<Talisman_Energy>	Talisman Energy Inc. was a Canadian independent petroleum company that existed between 1993 and 2015. The company was created from the assets of BP Canada after British Petroleum divested its 57 percent stake in June 1992. It was one of Canada's largest independent oil and gas companies, and operated globally, with operations in Canada (B.C., Alberta, Ontario, Saskatchewan, Quebec) and the United States of America (Pennsylvania, New York, Texas ) in North America; Colombia, South America; Algeria in North Africa; United Kingdom and Norway in Europe; Indonesia, Malaysia, Vietnam, Papua New Guinea, East Timor and Australia in the Far East; and Kurdistan in the Middle East. Talisman Energy has also built the offshore Beatrice Wind Farm in the North Sea off the coast of Scotland.The company was acquired by Repsol in 2015 and in January 2016 was renamed to Repsol Oil &  Gas Canada Inc.The company initially grew quickly through a number of mergers and acquisitions, which reflects in the complex history and large diversity of holdings. In the 2015 Forbes Global 2000, Talisman Energy was ranked as the 1728th -largest public company in the world. Talisman was the first Canadian company to join the Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights Plenary Group (Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights) and is a participant in the United Nations Global Compact.
<Le.com>	Le.com (Chinese: 乐视网; pinyin: Lèshì Wǎng), known legally as Leshi Internet Information and Technology Corp., Beijing, is a Chinese technology company, and one of the largest online video companies in China. It is headquartered in Chaoyang District, Beijing.Leshi Internet formerly did business as LeTV in English instead of Le.com. However, Leshi Internet still operates the brand Leshi Video in Chinese (Chinese: 乐视视频; pinyin: Lèshì Shìpín).
<Richard_Crouch>	Richard Armstrong Crouch (19 June 1868 – 7 April 1949) was an Australian politician. His two periods as a member of the House of Representatives (1901–1910, 1929–1931) were separated by the First World War, during which he became an anti-conscription activist and changed his political affiliation. Crouch was a Protectionist and Liberal during his first period as an MP, but later became involved in the labour movement and represented the Australian Labor Party (ALP) during his second term. He is one of the few MPs to move to the ALP after previously belonging to an anti-Labor party.Crouch was born on 19 June 1868 at Ballarat East, Victoria, the son of George Crouch from Tottenham, London, who was a miner, storekeeper and later a wealthy boot-retailer, and his wife Selina Durham, née Marks, from Aberdeen, Scotland.
<University_of_Tasmania>	The University of Tasmania (UTAS) is a public research university, primarily located in Tasmania, Australia. Founded in 1890, it is Australia's fourth oldest university. Christ College, one of the university's residential colleges, first proposed in 1840 in Lieutenant-Governor Sir John Franklin's Legislative Council, was modeled on the Oxford and Cambridge colleges, and was founded in 1846, making it the oldest tertiary institution in the country. The university is a sandstone university, a member of the international Association of Commonwealth Universities, and the Association of Southeast Asian Institutions of Higher Learning.The university offers various undergraduate and graduate programs in a range of disciplines, and has links with 20 specialist research institutes and co-operative research centres. Its Institute for Marine and Antarctic Studies has strongly contributed to the university's multiple 5 rating scores (well above world standard) for excellence in research awarded by the Australian Research Council. The university also delivers tertiary education at the Australian Maritime College, the national centre for maritime education, training and research.
<Ayr_United_F.C.>	Ayr United Football Club are a football club in Ayr, Scotland, who play in the Scottish Championship, the second tier of the Scottish Professional Football League. Formed in 1910 by the merger of Ayr Parkhouse and Ayr F.C., their nickname is The Honest Men, from a line in the Robert Burns poem "Tam o' Shanter". They play at Somerset Park.The club is currently managed by Lee Bullen. The club have spent 34 seasons in Scotland's top division, the last being 1977–78, and have been the champions of the second tier of Scottish football on six occasions, and of the third tier on three occasions. The club's most successful manager, Ally MacLeod, went on to manage the Scottish national football team. In 2018, Ayr United secured promotion to the Scottish Championship as champions of League One.
<Cambridge_City_F.C.>	Cambridge City Football Club is a football club based in Cambridgeshire, England who currently play in the Northern Premier League Division One Midlands. Formed in 1908 as Cambridge Town F.C. in Cambridge, they played their home games at the City Ground, Cambridge, between 1922 and 2013, and changed their name in 1951 when Cambridge was granted city status. Since 2013 they have been without a permanent home ground, groundsharing at Histon's Bridge Road (2013-15, 2018-present), and St Ives Town's Westwood Road, while a new ground at Sawston is being built, scheduled to open in February 2022.Their home colours are white and black, and their nickname is ‘The Lilywhites’. Club honours include the Challenge International du Nord in 1912, and Southern League champions 1962–63.
<Reef_Mesika>	Reef Mesika (Hebrew: ריף מסיקה; born 15 June 1989) is an Israeli footballer who plays for Hapoel Umm al-Fahm. He is the son of Haim Messika, a former footballer who also played for Maccabi Netanya and Hapoel Kfar Saba.He is of a Tunisian-Jewish descent.
<A_Crime_in_Paradise>	A Crime in Paradise (French: Un crime au paradis) is a 2001 French comedy film directed by Jean Becker, adapted by Sebastien Japrisot from the story by Sacha Guitry, and starring Jacques Villeret and Josiane Balasko. The scenario was used on the film La Poison (1951).1980, in a rural village in the Lyon region, Saint-Julien-sur-Bibost. Joseph Poacher ("Jojo") and his wife Lucienne ("Lulu"), a nagging shrew and inveterate alcoholic, lead a married life for the less confrontational, in their farm located in a place called "Paradise". One day, Jojo watches a story on television about a brilliant lawyer who has just achieved his twenty-fifth acquittal. Very impressed, Jojo will seeks the lawyer out. He tells her he killed his wife even though he hasn't actually yet done so. By a set of very clever questions, is explaining how he would have had to make to be pretty sure to get the extenuating circumstances. Jojo in then returns to "Paradise" and begins to organize, as directed by the lawyer, the staging of the "perfect crime".
<Watermelon_Man_(film)>	Watermelon Man is a 1970 American comedy film directed by Melvin Van Peebles and starring Godfrey Cambridge, Estelle Parsons, Howard Caine, D'Urville Martin, Kay Kimberley, Mantan Moreland, and Erin Moran. Written by Herman Raucher, it tells the story of an extremely bigoted 1960s-era white insurance salesman named Jeff Gerber, who wakes up one morning to find that he has become black. The premise for the film was inspired by Franz Kafka's Metamorphosis, and by John Howard Griffin's autobiographical Black Like Me.Van Peebles' only studio film, Watermelon Man was a financial success, but Van Peebles did not accept Columbia Pictures' three-picture contract, instead developing the independent film Sweet Sweetback's Baadasssss Song. The music for Watermelon Man, written and performed by Van Peebles, was released on a soundtrack album, which spawned the single "Love, That's America".Jeff Gerber lives in an average suburban neighborhood with his seemingly liberal housewife Althea, who tolerates her husband's character flaws out of love. Every morning when Jeff wakes up, he spends some time under a tanning machine, hits the speedbag, drinks a health drink, and races the bus to work on foot.
<Ride_&_Show_Engineering,_Inc.>	Ride & Show Engineering, Inc. is an American private company that conceptualizes, develops, and builds attractions, show action equipment, and transportation systems. In 1984 Eduard Feuer and William Watkins, the former Senior Project Engineer and Chief Mechanical Engineer, respectively, for Walt Disney Imagineering, established Ride & Show in the state of California.Ride & Show designs, engineers and fabricates simulation and motion base systems, boat ride systems, and people movers; floor-mounted ride systems for dark ride attractions; monorails; and numerous show action and special effect equipment for large and small entertainment projects worldwide.Ride & Show's clientele extend beyond typical amusement parks and range into:
<Alexander_Vasilyevich_Alexandrov>	Alexander Vasilyevich Alexandrov (Russian: Александр Васильевич Александров; 13 April [O.S. 1 April] 1883 – 8 July 1946) was a Soviet and Russian composer and founder of the Alexandrov Ensemble, who wrote the music for the State Anthem of the Soviet Union, which in 2000 became the national anthem of Russia (with new lyrics). During his career, he also worked as a professor of the Moscow Conservatory, and became a Doctor of Arts. His work was recognized by the awards of the title of People's Artist of the USSR and two Stalin Prizes.Alexander Vasilyevich Alexandrov, known as Sasha, was born on 13 April 1883 in Plakhino, a village in Ryazan Governorate south-east of Moscow. As a boy, his singing was so impressive that he traveled to Saint Petersburg to become a chorister at Kazan Cathedral. A pupil of Medtner, he studied composition at Saint Petersburg and in Moscow, where he eventually became professor of music in 1918 and choirmaster at Christ the Savior from 1918 to 1922.Alexandrov founded the Alexandrov Ensemble, and spent many years as its director, in which role he gained favor with Joseph Stalin, the country's ruler during the last two decades of Alexandrov's life. His choir participated successfully in the Universal Exposition of 1937 in Paris, and in 1942, Stalin commissioned him and lyricists Sergey Mikhalkov and Gabriel El-Registan to create a new Soviet national anthem, which was officially adopted on 1 January 1944 and was used by the Soviet Union until its collapse in 1991. It later became the National Anthem of Russia in December 2000, with Mikhalkov writing the new lyrics.
<Radio_Taranaki>	Radio Taranaki was a radio station in New Plymouth and Hawera.The station was originally started by Radio New Zealand (which at the time was known as the National Broadcasting Service) in 1948 as 2XP which broadcast on 1370AM in New Plymouth. The callsign was later changed to 2ZP and the station became known as 2ZP Radio Taranaki. During the 1970s programming was extended to Hawera on 1560AM with the callsign 2ZH.
<Karl-Ferdinands-Universität>	Charles University (Czech: Univerzita Karlova, UK; Latin: Universitas Carolina; German: Karls-Universität), also known as Charles University in Prague or historically as the University of Prague (Latin: Universitas Pragensis), is the oldest and largest university in the Czech Republic. It is one of the oldest universities in Europe in continuous operation. Today, the university consists of 17 faculties located in Prague, Hradec Králové, and Plzeň. Charles University belongs among the top three universities in Central and Eastern Europe. It is ranked around 200–300 in the world.The establishment of a medieval university in Prague was inspired by Holy Roman Emperor Charles IV. He asked his friend and ally, Pope Clement VI, to do so. On 26 January 1347 the pope issued the bull establishing a university in Prague, modeled on the University of Paris, with the full (4) number of faculties, that is including a theological faculty. On 7 April 1348 Charles, the king of Bohemia, gave to the established university privileges and immunities from the secular power in a Golden Bull and on 14 January 1349 he repeated that as the King of the Romans. Most Czech sources since the 19th century—encyclopedias, general histories, materials of the university itself—prefer to give 1348 as the year of the founding of the university, rather than 1347 or 1349. This was caused by an anticlerical shift in the 19th century, shared by both Czechs and Germans.The university was opened in 1349. The university was sectioned into parts called nations: the Bohemian, Bavarian, Polish and Saxon. The Bohemian natio included Bohemians, Moravians, southern Slavs, and Hungarians; the Bavarian included Austrians, Swabians, natives of Franconia and of the Rhine provinces; the Polish included Silesians, Poles, Ruthenians; the Saxon included inhabitants of the Margravate of Meissen, Thuringia, Upper and Lower Saxony, Denmark, and Sweden. Ethnically Czech students made 16–20% of all students. Archbishop Arnošt of Pardubice took an active part in the foundation by obliging the clergy to contribute and became a chancellor of the university (i.e., director or manager).
<C.F._Os_Belenenses>	Clube de Futebol Os Belenenses, commonly known as Belenenses (Portuguese pronunciation: [bɨlɨˈnẽsɨʃ]), is a Portuguese sports club best known for its football team. Founded in 1919, it is one of the oldest Portuguese sports clubs. It is based in the 25,000-seat Estádio do Restelo in the Belém parish of Lisbon, hence the club name, which translates as "The ones from Belém". Among its fanbase, the club is commonly nicknamed O Belém, in reference to the neighborhood; Os Pastéis (The Pastries), in reference to a traditional Portuguese pastry originated in the parish; Azuis (Blues) or Azuis do Restelo  (The Blues from Restelo), in reference to the club's color and its home stadium; and A Cruz de Cristo (The Order of Christ Cross), for its emblem, or also "Os Rapazes da Praia" (The Boys of the Beach), a reference to the zone of Belém in the earlier 20 Century.Belenenses won the 1945–46 Primeira Liga, making them the first club other than the Big Three to win the league title. Belenenses has also won six Championship of Portugal/Portuguese Cup trophies, and is the fifth most decorated team in Portuguese football.
<Shabda_Mara_Swabhavma_J_Nathi>	Shabda Mara Swabhawma J Nathi (Gujarati: શબ્દ મારા સ્વભાવમાં જ નથી) is a Gujarati collection of ghazals written by Raeesh Maniar. The book was published by Vishal Publication, Mumbai in May 1998. Maniar wrote all of the ghazals of this book during his practice as a pediatrics.The book is consist of 75 ghazals composed in various Arabic metres such as Hazaj, Ramal, Khafif, Majharia, Mutakarib and Mutadarik. The preface of this book has been written by Ramesh Parekh.Maniar was awarded by Shayda Award of 2001 for his works Kafiyanagar and Shabda Mara Swabhawma J Nathi.
<Judith_Paige_Mitchell>	Judith Paige Mitchell (November 24, 1932 – February 10, 2010) was a television writer, executive producer and novelist.Judith Paige Segel was a native of New Orleans. Her parents were George Jacob Segel (1906-1993) and Esther (née Finerosky) (1908-1995). She started her career as a novelist, her subjects including integration and civil rights.  She moved to Los Angeles in 1965 after divorcing her first husband Alvin Binder, a noted civil rights attorney in Jackson, MS, and also worked in television as a writer and producer, with many topics focused on true crime.  Mitchell died of cancer in Los Angeles on February 10, 2010, survived by her husband and well-known Los Angeles publisher Jeremy Tarcher and three children.
<Harvard_Business_School>	Harvard Business School (HBS) is the graduate business school of Harvard University, a private research university in Boston, Massachusetts. It is consistently ranked among the top business schools in the world and offers a large full-time MBA program, management-related doctoral programs, and many executive education programs. It owns Harvard Business Publishing, which publishes business books, leadership articles, case studies, and the monthly Harvard Business Review. It is also home to the Baker Library/Bloomberg Center.The school was established in 1908. Initially established by the humanities faculty, it received independent status in 1910, and became a separate administrative unit in 1913. The first dean was historian Edwin Francis Gay (1867–1946). Yogev (2001) explains the original concept:The business school pioneered the development of the case method of teaching, drawing inspiration from this approach to legal education at Harvard. Cases are typically descriptions of real events in organizations. Students are positioned as managers and are presented with problems which they need to analyze and provide recommendations on.
<Peter_Marc_Jacobson>	Peter Marc Jacobson (born October 27, 1957) is an American television writer, director, producer, and actor. He is best known as the showrunner of the popular sitcom The Nanny, which he created and produced with his then-wife, Fran Drescher, who also starred in the series. He was often credited as Peter Marc in his early acting roles.Jacobson and Fran Drescher married in 1978 and moved to Los Angeles to launch their careers. Both are Jewish.
<Camberwell>	Camberwell (/ˈkæmbərˌwɛl/) is a district of South London, England, in the London Borough of Southwark, 2+3⁄4 miles (4.5 kilometres) southeast of Charing Cross.
<Lloyd_Carr>	Lloyd Henry Carr Jr. (born July 30, 1945) is a former American football player and coach.  He served as the head football coach at the University of Michigan from 1995 through the 2007 season. Under Carr, the Michigan Wolverines compiled a record of 122–40 and won or shared five Big Ten Conference titles (1997, 1998, 2000, 2003, and 2004). Carr's undefeated 1997 team was declared the national champion by the Associated Press. His record coaching against top ten-ranked opponents was 20–8. Carr was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a coach in 2011.Born in Hawkins County, Tennessee, Carr moved with his family to Riverview, Michigan when he was ten years old. Carr's picture is still on display in the Riverview Community High School gym lobby, where he quarterbacked the Pirates to a 1962 conference championship. A talented athlete, Carr played college football and college baseball for three seasons at the University of Missouri, and one season at Northern Michigan University (NMU) while earning his Master of Arts in education administration. He was a star quarterback at NMU and led the Wildcats to an undefeated season in 1967. Carr had originally played under Dan Devine at Missouri, following fellow Riverview graduates Woody Widenhofer and Bill McCartney. Carr transferred to Northern Michigan when the man who chiefly recruited him to Missouri, Rollie Dotsch, was named head coach.
<Nazi_Party>	The Nazi Party, officially the National Socialist German Workers' Party (German: Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei or NSDAP), was a far-right political party in Germany active between 1920 and 1945 that created and supported the ideology of Nazism. Its precursor, the German Workers' Party (Deutsche Arbeiterpartei; DAP), existed from 1919 to 1920. The Nazi Party emerged from the extremist German nationalist, racist and populist Freikorps paramilitary culture, which fought against the communist uprisings in post–World War I Germany. The party was created to draw workers away from communism and into völkisch nationalism. Initially, Nazi political strategy focused on anti–big business, anti-bourgeois, and anti-capitalist rhetoric. This was later downplayed to gain the support of business leaders, and in the 1930s, the party's main focus shifted to antisemitic and anti-Marxist themes. The party had little popular support until the Great Depression.Pseudoscientific racist theories were central to Nazism, expressed in the idea of a "people's community" (Volksgemeinschaft). The party aimed to unite "racially desirable" Germans as national comrades, while excluding those deemed to be either political dissidents, physically or intellectually inferior, or of a foreign race (Fremdvölkische). The Nazis sought to strengthen the Germanic people, the "Aryan master race", through racial purity and eugenics, broad social welfare programs, and a collective subordination of individual rights, which could be sacrificed for the good of the state on behalf of the people. To protect the supposed purity and strength of the Aryan race, the Nazis sought to exterminate Jews, Romani, Poles and most other Slavs, along with the physically and mentally disabled. They disenfranchised and segregated homosexuals, black people, Jehovah's Witnesses, and political opponents. The persecution reached its climax when the party-controlled German state set in motion the Final Solution—an industrial system of genocide which achieved the murder of around 6 million Jews and millions of other targeted victims, in what has become known as the Holocaust.
<Sometimes_a_Great_Notion>	Sometimes a Great Notion is the second novel by American author Ken Kesey, published in 1964. While One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest (1962) is more famous, many critics consider Sometimes a Great Notion Kesey's magnum opus. The story involves an Oregon family of gyppo loggers who cuts trees for a local mill in opposition to unionized workers who are on strike.Kesey took the title from the song "Goodnight, Irene", popularized by Lead Belly.Sometimes I lives in the countrySometimes I lives in the townSometimes I haves a great notionTo jump into the river an' drown 
<The_Graduate>	The Graduate is a 1967 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Mike Nichols and written by Buck Henry and Calder Willingham, based on the 1963 novel of the same name by Charles Webb, who wrote it shortly after graduating from Williams College. The film tells the story of 21-year-old Benjamin Braddock (Dustin Hoffman), a recent college graduate with no well-defined aim in life, who is seduced by an older married woman, Mrs. Robinson (Anne Bancroft), but then falls for her daughter Elaine (Katharine Ross).The Graduate was released on December 21, 1967, to critical and commercial success, grossing $104.9 million worldwide, making it the highest-grossing film of 1967. Adjusted for inflation (as of 2021), the film's gross is $857 million, making it the 23rd highest-grossing film in North America with inflation taken into account. It received seven nominations at the 40th Academy Awards including for Best Picture and won Best Director. In 1996, The Graduate was selected for preservation in the U.S. National Film Registry as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant". It is currently (as of the 2007 rankings) ranked by the American Film Institute as the 17th greatest American film of all time, having originally been ranked 7th in 1997.
<Shunsaku_Okuda>	Shunsaku Okuda (born July 11, 1971) is the leader of the Japanese rock/pop band the brilliant green where he plays bass guitar and rhythm guitar and has composed the vast majority of the band's music. He also produces music under the pseudonyms Chiffon Brownie, Malibu Convertible, and Mark and John.On November 22, 2003 he married the brilliant green's lead singer, Tomoko Kawase.
<Waltham,_Massachusetts>	Waltham (/ˈwɔːlθæm/ WAWL-tham) is a city in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States, and was an early center for the labor movement as well as a major contributor to the American Industrial Revolution. The original home of the Boston Manufacturing Company, the city was a prototype for 19th century industrial city planning, spawning what became known as the Waltham-Lowell system of labor and production. The city is now a center for research and higher education, home to Brandeis University and Bentley University as well as industrial powerhouse Raytheon Technologies. The population was 65,218 at the census in 2020.Waltham has been called "watch city" because of its association with the watch industry. Waltham Watch Company opened its factory in Waltham in 1854 and was the first company to make watches on an assembly line. It won the gold medal in 1876 at the Philadelphia Centennial Exposition. The company produced over 35 million watches, clocks and instruments before it closed in 1957.Waltham was first settled in 1634 as part of Watertown and was officially incorporated as a separate town in 1738. Waltham had no recognizable town center until the 1830s, when the nearby Boston Manufacturing Company gave the town the land that now serves as its central square.
<Lewis_Bartholomew_Woodruff>	Lewis Bartholomew Woodruff (June 19, 1809 – September 10, 1875) was a United States circuit judge of the United States Circuit Courts for the Second Circuit.Born on June 19, 1809, in Litchfield, Connecticut, Woodruff received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1830 from Yale University and graduated from Litchfield Law School in 1832. He entered private practice in New York City, New York from 1832 to 1849. He was a Judge of the Court of Common Pleas of New York City from 1849 to 1855. He was a justice of the New York City Superior Court from 1856 to 1861. He resumed private practice in New York City from 1861 to 1868. He was a Judge of the New York Court of Appeals from 1868 to 1869.Woodruff was nominated by President Ulysses S. Grant on December 8, 1869, to the United States Circuit Courts for the Second Circuit, to a new seat authorized by 16 Stat. 44. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on December 22, 1869, and received his commission the same day. His service terminated on September 10, 1875, due to his death at his summer residence in Litchfield, from the effects of a complicated disorder of the kidneys which had confined him to the house since the early spring.
<Apostolic_United_Brethren>	The Apostolic United Brethren (AUB) is a Mormon fundamentalist group that practices polygamy.  The AUB has had a temple in  Mexico, since at least the 1990s, an endowment house in Utah since the early 1980s and several other locations of worship to accommodate their members in Wyoming, Idaho, and Montana. The title "Apostolic United Brethren" is not generally used by members, who prefer to call it "The Work", "The Priesthood", or "The Group". Those outside the faith sometimes refer to it as the "Allred Group" because two of its presidents shared that surname. Members of the AUB do not refer to their organization as a "church" and, unlike nearly all other Mormon fundamentalist groups, regard the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) as a legitimate, if wayward and diminished, divine institution.Religious scholar J. Gordon Melton characterised the group as "the more liberal branch of the Fundamentalist movement", as the group allows sexual relations apart from the strict purpose of procreation.
<University_of_Maryland,_College_Park>	Coordinates: 38°59′15″N 76°56′24″W﻿ / ﻿38.98750°N 76.94000°W﻿ / 38.98750; -76.94000The University of Maryland, College Park (University of Maryland, UMD, or simply Maryland) is a public land-grant research university in College Park, Maryland. Founded in 1856, UMD is the flagship institution of the University System of Maryland. It is also the largest university in both the state and the Washington metropolitan area, with more than 41,000 students representing all fifty states and 123 countries, and a global alumni network of over 388,000. Together, its 12 schools and colleges offer over 200 degree-granting programs, including 92 undergraduate majors, 107 master's programs, and 83 doctoral programs. UMD is a member of the Association of American Universities and competes in intercollegiate athletics as a member of the Big Ten Conference.The University of Maryland's proximity to the nation's capital has resulted in many research partnerships with the federal government; faculty receive research funding and institutional support from many agencies, such as the National Institutes of Health, NASA, the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the Food and Drug Administration, the National Security Agency, and the Department of Homeland Security. It is classified among "R1: Doctoral Universities – Very high research activity" and is labeled a "Public Ivy", denoting a quality of education comparable to the private Ivy League. UMD is ranked among the top 100 universities both nationally and globally by several indices, including its perennially top-ranked criminology and criminal justice department.
<Çaykur_Rizespor>	Çaykur Rizespor Kulübü is a Turkish professional football club based in Rize. The club play in the TFF First League. The club was founded on May 19, 1953, with green-yellow as club colours, but later changed to blue-green. Since 1990, the team has been sponsored by the Turkish tea company Çaykur, hence the name and the image of a tea leaf on the club's logo. The club plays its home games in Yeni Rize Şehir Stadium.A committee of five people—Yakup Temizel, Atıf Taviloğlu, İsmet Bilsel, Yaşar Tümbekçioğlu and Muharrem Kürkçü—founded the club on 19 May 1953 at the 34th anniversary year of the start of Independence War. The intention was to enhance the physical and cultural talents of the youth as well as to contribute to the developments of Rize. Domestic cultivation of lemon citruses and oranges labeled the club colour to be yellow and being Rize's symbol, tea gardens, represented the colour green. One of the founding members, Yaşar Dömlekçioğlu was chosen the first president of the club. During the amateur league years through 1953 to 1968, local-born players such as Ahmet Durmuş, Kenan Tiryaki, Mustafa Erol, İrfan Akaslan, Mahmut Salih Yavuz, Salih Kazancı, Ahmet Kemal Yavuz, Hamil Kazancı, Mustafa Veziroğlu, Yılmaz Özkan, Yılmaz Balta, Ahmet Fenci, Ekif Fence, Oktay Arayıcı, Abdullah Kıtır, Mustafa Kazdal, Abdullah Şeker and Ömer Çakır played for Rizespor.With the regulation changes in 1968, the club formed a professional club structure by the association of two clubs, "Rize Güneşspor" and "Fenergençlik". The club started from the third division with the colours blue and green. At the end of a competitive season, as a result of a fight inside the game the club got punished with a forfeit as well as a deduction of 2 points which bereaved Rizespor from promotion that season. The punishment was the first time in the Turkish football history. In the coming period, the club did not get relegated and in 1978–1979, Rizespor won the title and qualified to play in the Turkish Süper Lig for the first time in the club history.
<Duke_University>	Duke University is a private research university in Durham, North Carolina. Founded by Methodists and Quakers in the present-day city of Trinity in 1838, the school moved to Durham in 1892. In 1924, tobacco and electric power industrialist James Buchanan Duke established The Duke Endowment and the institution changed its name to honor his deceased father, Washington Duke.The campus spans over 8,600 acres (3,500 hectares) on three contiguous sub-campuses in Durham, and a marine lab in Beaufort. The West Campus—designed largely by architect Julian Abele, an African American architect who graduated first in his class at the University of Pennsylvania School of Design—incorporates Gothic architecture with the 210-foot (64-meter) Duke Chapel at the campus' center and highest point of elevation, is adjacent to the Medical Center. East Campus, 1.5 miles (2.4 kilometers) away, home to all first-years, contains Georgian-style architecture. The university administers two concurrent schools in Asia, Duke-NUS Medical School in Singapore (established in 2005) and Duke Kunshan University in Kunshan, China (established in 2013).
<Kandyse_McClure>	Candice McClure[citation needed] (born 22 March 1980), known professionally as Kandyse McClure, is a Canadian actress. She is known for her roles as Anastasia Dualla in the SyFy series Battlestar Galactica and as Dr. Clementine Chasseur in the Netflix series Hemlock Grove.Candice McClure was born in the Greenwood Park area of North Durban, South Africa. Her mother is an educator and her father is a musician. She is of Cape Coloured descent. From the age of four, McClure moved back and forth between South Africa and Canada. She completed her secondary education at West Vancouver Secondary School in 1998.[citation needed] McClure was cast in a production of Athol Fugard's Valley Song at the age of 17.
<The_Catcher_in_the_Rye>	The Catcher in the Rye is an American novel by J. D. Salinger that was partially published in serial form from 1945–46 before being novelized in 1951. Originally intended for adults, it is often read by adolescents for its themes of angst and alienation, and as a critique of superficiality in society.  The novel also deals with complex issues of innocence, identity, belonging, loss, connection, sex, and depression. The main character, Holden Caulfield, has become an icon for teenage rebellion. Caulfield, nearly of age, gives his opinion on just about everything as he narrates his recent life events.The Catcher has been translated widely. About one million copies are sold each year, with total sales of more than 65 million books. The novel was included on Time's 2005 list of the 100 best English-language novels written since 1923, and it was named by Modern Library and its readers as one of the 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century. In 2003, it was listed at number 15 on the BBC's survey "The Big Read".
<3ZB>	3ZB was a radio station based in Christchurch, New Zealand. This station was run by Radio New Zealand (formally the NZBS/NZBC/BCNZ) and eventually spawned a second FM station called B98FM. Today 3ZB and B98FM are part of a nationwide networks Newstalk ZB and The HitsThe station was started by Radio New Zealand (which at the time was known as the National Broadcasting Service) in 1937 originally broadcasting on 1110AM. The station was branded from the stations callsign 3ZB. ZB stations were assigned to the four main regions in New Zealand, Auckland, Wellington, Christchurch and Dunedin. While content was local some network shows were heard such as Aunt Daisy up until 1963. In 1978 the station moved to 1098AM after New Zealand changed from 10 kHz spacing on the AM band to 9 kHz spacing.
<Inga_Clendinnen>	Inga Clendinnen, AO, FAHA (née Jewell; 17 August 1934 – 8 September 2016) was an Australian author, historian, anthropologist, and academic. Her work focused on social history, and the history of cultural encounters. She was an authority on Aztec civilisation and pre-Columbian ritual human sacrifice. She also wrote about the Holocaust, and on first contacts between Indigenous Australians and white explorers. At her death, she was an Emeritus Scholar at La Trobe University, Melbourne. Clendinnen was born in Geelong, Victoria, in 1934. She was the youngest of four children. Her father owned a cabinet-making business and later became a Geelong City Councillor; her mother was a homemaker. Clendinnen graduated from the University of Melbourne in 1955 with a Bachelor of Arts with Honours, followed by a Master of Arts in 1975.
<Harvey_Fletcher>	Harvey Fletcher (September 11, 1884 – July 23, 1981) was an American physicist. Known as the "father of stereophonic sound", he is credited with the invention of the 2-A audiometer and an early electronic hearing aid. He was an investigator into the nature of speech and hearing, and made contributions in acoustics, electrical engineering, speech, medicine, music, atomic physics, sound pictures, and education. Following his death, he was credited with collaborating with his doctoral advisor, Robert Millikan, on the Nobel-prize winning oil drop experiment which first determined the charge of the electron.Fletcher was born in Provo, Utah. He graduated from Brigham Young High School in 1904. He enrolled at Brigham Young University (BYU), graduating in 1907 with a bachelor's degree. He married Lorena Chipman. They were the parents of seven children. Harvey Fletcher was the father of James C. Fletcher, former president of the University of Utah and NASA Administrator  and of Harvey J. Fletcher, a BYU math professor.
<Zipper_Interactive>	Zipper Interactive was an American video game developer based in Redmond, Washington and part of SCE Worldwide Studios. It was founded in June 1995 by Jim Bosler and Brian Soderberg. It created many different games, including the SOCOM U.S. Navy SEALs series of games. SOCOM U.S. Navy SEALs was created in collaboration with the Naval Special Warfare Command and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 2. On January 25, 2006, Sony announced that it had acquired Zipper Interactive to add it to its group of development studios.On March 29, 2012, Sony announced that it would be closing Zipper Interactive due to "resource re-alignment." The closure of Zipper Interactive was later confirmed by Sony Computer Entertainment the next day on March 30, 2012. Prior to its closure, Zipper Interactive were working on two unannounced titles for the PlayStation 4 before both projects were cancelled once the closing was complete. One was another entry in the SOCOM U.S. Navy SEALs series, and the other was a first-person shooter meant to be a new IP.
<Shady_Well>	Shady Well (foaled 1929 in Ontario) was a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse. Owned and bred by the Seagram brothers' Seagram Stable, she was sired by Purple Shade. Her dam was  The Wishing Well whose sire was the British champion, The Tetrarch who was voted Britain's greatest two-year-old of the 20th Century.Seagram Stable used trainer William Bringloe to race Shady well through age three but for 1933, Edward F. Seagram bought out his brother's interest. He then raced under his own name and transferred Shady Well's conditioning over to Johnny Thorpe.Racing at age two, Shady Well won the 1931 Clarendon Plate and finished second in the Coronation Futurity Stakes. Among her fifteen career wins, against her female counterparts Shady Well won back-to-back editions of the Maple Leaf Stakes in 1932 and 1933.  However, she is best remembered for her three straight wins between 1932 and 1934 against male horses in the Durham Cup Handicap which she followed up with another victory over males in the 1935 King Edward Gold Cup.
<Participant_Media>	Participant Media, LLC is an American film production company founded in 2004 by Jeffrey Skoll, dedicated to entertainment intended to spur social change. The company finances and co-produces film and television content, as well as digital entertainment through its subsidiary SoulPancake, which the company acquired in 2016.The company was originally named Participant Productions and went on to become a well-known independent financier. The company's name descriptively politicizes its basis on currently topical subjects presented to induce awareness of problematic social aspects.The company has produced, financed, or co-produced over 100 films. Its films have been nominated for 73 Academy Awards, and have won 18, including Best Picture for Green Book and Spotlight.
<Rosamund_John>	Rosamund John (19 October 1913 – 27 October 1998), born Nora Rosamund Jones, was an English film and stage actress.She was born and brought up in Tottenham in North London, the daughter of Frederick Henry Jones, a wine merchant's clerk, and his wife, Edith Elizabeth (née Elliott). She was educated at Tottenham high school before studying for the theatre at the Embassy School of Acting.
<FC_Groningen>	Football Club Groningen (Dutch pronunciation: [ɛfˈseː ˈɣroːnɪŋə(n)]) is a Dutch professional association football club based in Groningen, province of Groningen. Founded on 16 June 1971 as the successor of GVAV, the team compete in the Eredivisie, the highest tier of Dutch football. Groningen played their inaugural season in the Eredivisie, before the side were relegated to the Eerste Divisie in 1973–74 as they got into financial difficulties. Groningen were promoted back to the Eredivisie as champions in 1979–80 and remained in the top flight for almost 20 seasons before they dropped to the second tier in 1997–98. The team won promotion to the Eredivisie in 1999–2000, where they have remained since.Groningen have won the KNVB Cup once—in 2014–15—and were runners-up in 1988–89. Groningen achieved their highest-ever league position in 1990–91 when they finished third in the Eredivisie. The side's first participation in European competition came in the 1983–84 UEFA Cup; Groningen defeated Atlético Madrid on aggregate in the first round, but were eliminated by Inter Milan in the following round. Notable players who have played for the club include Ronald Koeman, Arjen Robben, Luis Suárez and Virgil van Dijk.
<Days_of_Hope>	Days of Hope is a BBC television drama serial produced in 1975. The series dealt with the lives of a working-class family from the turmoils of the First World War in 1916 to the General Strike in 1926. It was written by Jim Allen, produced by Tony Garnett and directed by Ken Loach.Days of Hope is included on the Ken Loach at the BBC DVD box-set released in 2011.
<Rosemarie_DeWitt>	Rosemarie Braddock DeWitt (born October 26, 1971) is an American actress. DeWitt played Emily Lehman in the Fox television series Standoff (2006–07), co-starring with her future husband Ron Livingston, as well as Charmaine Craine on United States of Tara. She also was the title character in 2008's Rachel Getting Married, garnering several awards and nominations for best supporting actress. She starred in the horror/thriller Poltergeist (2015), a remake of the 1982 film of the same name.DeWitt was born in Flushing, Queens, New York, the daughter of Rosemarie (Braddock) and Kenny DeWitt. She is a granddaughter of former World Heavyweight Champion James J. Braddock, and played the role of neighbor Sara Wilson in the film Cinderella Man, which depicted James J. Braddock's life.DeWitt lived in Hanover Township, New Jersey, and is a graduate of Whippany Park High School. She performed in several high school productions. She attended the New College at Hofstra University where she received a Bachelor of Arts in creative studies. While at Hofstra University, she also joined Alpha Phi. She had additional training at The Actors Center in New York.
<Rock_Band_2>	Rock Band 2 is a 2008 music video game developed by Harmonix, published by MTV Games and distributed by Electronic Arts. It is the sequel to Rock Band and is the second title in the series. The game allows up to four players to simulate the performance of popular songs by playing with controllers modeled after musical instruments. Players can play the lead guitar, bass guitar, and drums parts to songs with "instrument controllers", as well as sing through a USB microphone. Players are scored on their ability to match scrolling musical "notes" while playing instruments, or by their ability to match the singer's pitch on vocals.Rock Band 2 features improved drum and guitar controllers, while supporting older controllers, as well. New features include a "Drum Trainer" mode, a "Battle of the Bands" mode, online capabilities for "World Tour" mode, and merchandising opportunities for the players' virtual bands. In addition to the 84 songs included on the game disc and 20 free downloadable songs, over 1400 additional downloadable songs have been released for the Xbox 360, Wii, and PlayStation 3 versions, with more added each week. All of these songs, existing and future, are compatible with all Rock Band titles.Rock Band 2 software was released in North America for the Xbox 360 on September 14, 2008, along with individual instrument peripherals, and later for the PlayStation 3 on October 19, 2008. The software/hardware bundles for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 were made available on October 19, 2008. Versions of the game for the PlayStation 2 and Wii platforms were released on December 18, 2008. Rock Band 2 received highly positive reviews from critics upon release and sold 1.7 million copies through the end of 2008. Rock Band 2 is considered to be one of the greatest games of all time according to critics.
<Tracy_Pollan>	Tracy Jo Pollan (born June 22, 1960), is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Ellen Reed on the sitcom Family Ties (1985–1987).Pollan was born on Long Island, New York, the daughter of Corinne Elaine "Corky" (Staller), a magazine editor, and Stephen Michael Pollan, a financial consultant and writer.[citation needed] She was raised in Woodbury, New York. Pollan is from a Russian Jewish family and was raised in the faith. She attended Syosset High School and later graduated from the Dalton School in Manhattan, New York. She studied acting at the Herbert Berghof Studio and later at the Lee Strasberg Institute.
<Lisa_Genova>	Lisa Genova (born November 22, 1970) is an American neuroscientist and author. She self-published her debut novel Still Alice (2007), about a  Harvard University professor who suffers early onset Alzheimer's disease. The book gained popularity and was acquired by Simon & Schuster; it was published in January 2009 by Pocket Books (now Gallery Books). There are over 2.6 million copies in print, and it has been translated into 37 languages. It was chosen as one of the thirty titles for World Book Night 2013. The book was adapted into a film in 2014 and won the Academy Award for Best Actress for Julianne Moore's highly acclaimed performance as Alice Howland.Genova has written fiction about characters dealing with neurological disorders. Gallery Books published her next three novels, Left Neglected, Love Anthony, and Inside the O'Briens, all New York Times bestsellers.
<Danish_Taimoor>	Danish Taimoor (Urdu: دانش تیمور; born 16 February 1983) is a Pakistani actor and model. He began his career in 2005 and appeared in "Mystery Series" (Do saal baad, Dracula); both episodes were directed by Imran khokhar and aired on Indus Vision. He is notable for his role in Urdu drama series' and telefilms in Pakistan. Notable dramas include Haseena Moin's Meri Behen Maya, Mannchalay, Jab we Wed, Shert, Sari Bhool Humari thi, Deewangi, Ishq Hai and Mehreen Jabbar's Rehai. He made his film debut in Jalaibee in March 2015, directed by Yasir Jaswal.Taimoor was born in Karachi, Pakistan. On 8 August 2014, he married actress Ayeza Khan after being in relationship with her for 7–8 years. Taimoor started working as a model before moving on to acting. Taimoor while talking to Maria Wasti at Croron Mein Khel-Bol TV on 25 March 2020 [1] revealed that he met Ayeza Khan 1st time on Social Networking Website Orkut & Ayeza introduced herself as his fan since Danish was already doing Play Serials by then & they used to know each other since then.Taimoor began his television career in Mystery Series (Do saal baad, Dracula) which was aired on Indus Vision and was Directed by Imran Khokhar. Then Danish appeared with a small appearance in "Dil Diya Dehleez" (2009). Some of his notable works include Massi Aur Malika, Chudween Ka Chand, Mannchalay, Kuch Unkahi Batain, Koi Jane Na, Baji, Larkiyan Muhalley Ki and Lamha Lamha Zindagi. He also appeared in telefilms including Pappu Ki Padoosan, Neeli Chatri, Love Hit Tou Life Hit, Haseena Maan Jaye Gi, and Piano Girl.
<Hugh_Beaumont>	Eugene Hugh Beaumont (February 16, 1909[citation needed] – May 14, 1982) was an American actor. He was best known for his portrayal of Ward Cleaver on the television series Leave It to Beaver, originally broadcast from 1957 to 1963; and as private detective Michael Shayne in a series of low-budget crime films in 1946 and 1947.Beaumont was born in Lawrence, Kansas, to Ethel Adaline Whitney and Edward H. Beaumont, a traveling salesman whose profession kept the family on the move. After graduating from the Baylor School in Chattanooga, Tennessee, in the class of 1930, he attended the University of Chattanooga, where he played football. He later studied at the University of Southern California and graduated with a master of theology degree in 1946.Beaumont began his career in show business in 1931 by performing in theaters, nightclubs, and radio. He began acting in motion pictures in 1940, appearing in over three dozen films. Many of those roles were bit parts and minor roles and were not credited. He often worked with actor William Bendix; they had prominent roles in the 1946 film noir The Blue Dahlia, playing the friends of star Alan Ladd's character. In 1946–47, Beaumont starred in five films as private detective Michael Shayne, assuming the role from Lloyd Nolan. In 1950, he also narrated the short film A Date with Your Family.
<Caleb_Cushing>	Caleb Cushing (January 17, 1800 – January 2, 1879) was an American Democratic politician and diplomat who served as a Congressman from Massachusetts and Attorney General under President Franklin Pierce. He was an eager proponent of territorial and commercial expansion, especially regarding the acquisition of Texas, Oregon and Cuba. He believed that enlarging the American sphere would fulfill "the great destiny reserved for this exemplar American Republic." Cushing secured the first American treaty with China, the Treaty of Wangxia of 1844; it gave American merchants trading rights in five Chinese ports. After the Civil War, Cushing negotiated a treaty with Colombia to give the United States a right-of-way for a trans-oceanic Canal. He helped obtain a favorable settlement of the Alabama Claims, and as the ambassador to Spain in 1870s defused the troublesome Virginius Affair.Born in Salisbury, Massachusetts in 1800, he was the son of John Newmarch Cushing, a wealthy shipbuilder and merchant, and of Lydia Dow, a delicate and sensitive woman from Seabrook, New Hampshire, who died when he was ten. The family moved across the Merrimack River to the prosperous shipping town of Newburyport, Massachusetts in 1802. He entered Harvard University at the age of 13 and graduated in 1817. He was a teacher of mathematics there from 1820 to 1821, and was admitted to practice in the Massachusetts Court of Common Pleas in December, 1821. He began practicing law in Newburyport in 1824. There he attended the First Presbyterian Church.On November 23, 1824, Cushing married Caroline Elizabeth Wilde, daughter of Judge Samuel Sumner Wilde, of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court. His wife died about a decade later, leaving him childless and alone. He never married again.
<Cold_Souls>	Cold Souls is a 2009 comedy-drama film written and directed by Sophie Barthes. The film features Paul Giamatti, Dina Korzun, Emily Watson, and David Strathairn. Giamatti stars as a fictionalised version of himself, an anxious, overwhelmed actor who decides to enlist the service of a company to deep freeze his soul. Complications ensue when his soul gets lost in a soul trafficking scheme which has taken his soul to St. Petersburg. The film then follows Giamatti desperately trying to recover his soul.Paul Giamatti is an actor who becomes so impassioned with the characters and roles that he plays that he has trouble disassociating himself from the character after the scene is done. As a result, his mind and spirit are a tangled mass of emotions that he seems to have trouble separating from his own feelings. As he struggles to play Uncle Vanya, he reads an article in The New Yorker regarding "Soul Storage," a procedural clinic that physically removes one's soul from his body.While hesitant at first to go through with such a procedure, being unsure how it would affect him, Paul decides to go ahead. On visiting the clinic he discovers that most souls come out as gray matter or clouds. He decides to go ahead, declining the offer to look at his soul as it happens. He is distressed to discover that his soul comes out looking just like a chickpea. He has it stored in the clinic and returns to his life with 5 percent of his soul remaining. However, his life begins to fall apart; he has trouble associating with or making love to his wife Claire. Lacking in emotional intelligence, he says insensitive things, such as telling a friend to just "pull the plug" on her comatose mother, and his acting for the Chekhov play lacks believability. Not wanting his soul back just yet, he instead obtains the soul of what he is told is a Russian poet, whose memories entice him to be curious about her and her life as well as obtain a curiosity of his own. This Russian soul allows him to play Uncle Vanya excellently, but the experience overwhelms him and he decides to get his own soul back.
<Ben_Holladay>	Benjamin Holladay (October 14, 1819 – July 8, 1887) was an American transportation businessman responsible for creating the Overland Stage to California during the height of the 1849 California Gold Rush.  Ben Holladay created a stagecoach empire and he is known in history as the "Stagecoach King".  A native of Kentucky, he also was hired as a private courier to General Alexander Doniphan of Missouri.  Doniphan refused point-blank to carry out orders to kill the Mormons during the 1838 Mormon War in Missouri.  Through Holladay's friendship with Brigham Young, Holladay established a profitable freighting contract to Salt Lake City.[citation needed] His transportation empire later included steamships and railroads in Oregon.Holladay was born October 14, 1819, in Nicholas County, Kentucky. His father, William Holladay (born in what is now Spotsylvania County, Virginia) was a third-generation American, descended from John "The Ranger" Holladay. William migrated to Bourbon County, Kentucky, where he was a guide for wagon trains through the Cumberland Gap. Benjamin's mother was Margaret "Peggy" Hughes. Benjamin Holladay learned the freight business at an early age and left home in his late teens for a road trip to Santa Fe in what was then Mexico.He then settled in Weston, Missouri, where he worked as a store clerk before serving as courier during the 1838 Mormon War for the state militia. After working at the store for a few years he opened a tavern and hotel in 1840, as well as starting what would become the McCormick Distilling Company, which claims to be the oldest distillery still operating in the same location. Business boomed with his supplies for General Stephen Watts Kearney during the Mexican–American War.
<Puskás_Akadémia_FC>	Puskás Akadémia Football Club, commonly known as Puskás Akadémia, is a football club based in Felcsút, Hungary, that competes in the Nemzeti Bajnokság I, the top flight of Hungarian football.Puskás Akadémia have spent five seasons in the Nemzeti Bajnokság I, the top flight of the Hungarian football league system, and reached the final of the 2017–18 Magyar Kupa season.The aim of the founders was to establish an academy for Fehérvár FC and to establish a fitting memorial to former Hungarian national footballer Ferenc Puskás.
<La_Jolla>	La Jolla (/lə ˈhɔɪə/ lə HOY-ə, American Spanish: [la ˈxoʝa]) is a hilly, seaside neighborhood within the city of San Diego, California, United States, occupying 7 miles (11 km) of curving coastline along the Pacific Ocean. The population reported in the 2010 census was 46,781.La Jolla is surrounded on three sides by ocean bluffs and beaches and is located 12 miles (19 km) north of Downtown San Diego and 45 miles (72 km) south of the Orange County line. The climate is mild, with an average daily temperature of 70.5 °F (21.4 °C).
<Jonathan_Aitken>	Jonathan William Patrick Aitken (born 30 August 1942) is a British author, Church of England priest, former prisoner and former Conservative Party politician. Beginning his career in journalism, he was elected to Parliament in 1974 (serving until 1997), and was a member of the cabinet during John Major's premiership from 1992 to 1995. That same year, he was accused by The Guardian of misdeeds conducted under his official government capacity. He sued the newspaper for libel in response, but the case collapsed, and he was subsequently found to have committed perjury during his trial. In 1999, he was sentenced to 18 months in prison, of which he served seven months.Following his imprisonment, Aitken became a Christian and later became the honorary president of Christian Solidarity Worldwide. He was ordained as an Anglican priest in 2019.
<Oakland_Motor_Car_Company>	The Oakland Motor Car Company of Pontiac, Michigan, was an American automobile manufacturer and division of General Motors. Purchased by General Motors in 1909, the company continued to produce modestly priced automobiles until 1931 when the brand was dropped in favor of the division's Pontiac make.The company was created by Edward Murphy who owned the Pontiac Buggy Company and Alanson Brush who was working as a consultant in Detroit after leaving the Cadillac Motor Company. Oakland Motor Company was named for Oakland County, Michigan, in which it was based. As originally conceived and introduced, the first Oakland used a design created by Brush and presented to Murphy who liked the idea and decided to go into business. The vertical two-cylinder engine that rotated counterclockwise was originally presented to Cadillac but was rejected. This design by Alanson Partridge Brush, inventor of the single-cylinder Cadillac and Brush Runabout, also featured a planetary transmission. The 1908 Oakland came in five body styles, designated Model A–E , varing from a runabout to a landaulet. The first year of Oakland production, 1908, had 278 vehicles roll off the line.After one year of production, Oakland's principal founder, Edward Murphy, sold half of the company to William C. Durant's General Motors Corporation in early 1909. When Murphy died in the summer of 1909, GM acquired the remaining rights to Oakland. Within General Motors, Oakland was later slotted as their entry-level brand below the more expensive Oldsmobile, Buick, and Cadillac  cars. Conventional four-cylinder engined models were introduced shortly after the GM takeover, and GM didn't acquire the volume-priced Chevrolet until 1917, and Oakland found itself competing with the Ford Model T introduced in October 1908. Once GM assumed operations of Oakland, production was moved to the factory that manufactured Cartercar in Pontiac, Michigan, another Durant acquisition that was cancelled while the resources were newly utilized, and the Oakland Model 40 was introduced. Starting with 1910 Oakland was exclusively offering 4-cylinder flathead engines with five different wheelbases and their advertising slogan was "The Car with a Conscience". By early 1920, however, production and quality control problems began to plague the division. In 1921, under new General Manager Fred Hannum, a consistent production schedule was underway and the quality of the cars improved, and Oakland vehicles shared the GM A platform used by Chevrolet. One marketing tactic was the employment of a quick-drying bright blue automotive lacquer by Duco (a DuPont brand product), leading to the slogan "True Blue Oakland Six". The Oakland was built only in Pontiac, Michigan, which is the county seat of Oakland County. The name antedates any GM association with an automobile manufacturing facility  in Oakland, California, that built Chevrolet vehicles before Chevrolet joined GM called Oakland Assembly.
<Portland,_Oregon>	Portland (/ˈpɔːrtlənd/, PORT-lənd) is a port city in the Pacific Northwest and the largest city in the U.S. state of Oregon. Situated at the confluence of the Willamette and Columbia rivers, Portland is the county seat of Multnomah County, the most populous county in Oregon. As of 2020, Portland had a population of 652,503, making it the 26th-most populated city in the United States, the sixth-most populous on the West Coast, and the second-most populous in the Pacific Northwest, after Seattle. Approximately 2.5 million people live in the Portland metropolitan statistical area (MSA), making it the 25th most populous in the United States. About half of Oregon's population resides within the Portland metropolitan area.Named after Portland, Maine, the Oregon settlement began to be populated in the 1840s, near the end of the Oregon Trail. Its water access provided convenient transportation of goods, and the timber industry was a major force in the city's early economy. At the turn of the 20th century, the city had a reputation as one of the most dangerous port cities in the world, a hub for organized crime and racketeering. After the city's economy experienced an industrial boom during World War II, its hard-edged reputation began to dissipate. Beginning in the 1960s, Portland became noted for its growing liberal and progressive political values, earning it a reputation as a bastion of counter-culture.
<Henry_Stephenson>	Henry Stephenson (born Harry Stephenson Garraway; 16 April 1871 – 24 April 1956) was a British actor. He portrayed friendly and wise gentlemen in many films of the 1930s and 1940s. Among his roles were Sir Joseph Banks in Mutiny on the Bounty (1935) and Mr. Brownlow in Oliver Twist (1948).Stephenson was born to British parents in Grenada, British West Indies and educated in England. He started acting in his twenties. He appeared on British and American stages and made his Broadway debut in 1901, playing the messenger in A Message from Mars starring Charles Hawtrey. In the following decades, he performed in more than 30 Broadway plays.
<Robert_Lee_Moore>	Robert Lee Moore (November 14, 1882 – October 4, 1974) was an American mathematician who taught for many years at the University of Texas. He is known for his work in general topology, for  the Moore method of teaching university mathematics, and for his racist treatment of African-American mathematics students.Although Moore's father was reared in New England and was of New England ancestry, he fought in the American Civil War on the side of the Confederacy. After the war, he ran a hardware store in Dallas, then little more than a railway stop, and raised six children, of whom Robert, named after the commander of the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia, was the fifth.
<Charles_A._Beard>	Charles Austin Beard (1874–1948) was an American historian and professor, who wrote primarily during the first half of the 20th century. A history professor at Columbia University, Beard's influence is primarily due to his publications in the fields of history and political science. His works included a radical re-evaluation of the Founding Fathers of the United States, whom he believed to be more motivated by economics than by philosophical principles. Beard's most influential book, An Economic Interpretation of the Constitution of the United States (1913), has been the subject of great controversy ever since its publication. While it has been frequently criticized for its methodology and conclusions, it was responsible for a wide-ranging reinterpretation of early American history.An icon of the progressive school of historical interpretation, his reputation suffered during the Cold War when the assumption of economic class conflict was dropped by most American historians. The consensus historian Richard Hofstadter concluded in 1968, "Today Beard's reputation stands like an imposing ruin in the landscape of American historiography. What was once the grandest house in the province is now a ravaged survival." Hofstadter nevertheless praised Beard by saying he was "foremost among the American historians of his or any generation in the search for a usable past."
<The_Heat_of_the_Day>	The Heat of the Day is a novel  by Anglo-Irish Elizabeth Bowen, first published in 1948 in the United Kingdom, and in 1949 in the United States of America.The Heat of the Day revolves around the relationship between Stella Rodney and her lover Robert Kelway, with the interfering presence of Harrison in the tense years following the Blitz in London. Harrison, a British intelligence agent who is convinced that Robert is a German spy, uses this knowledge to get between the two lovers and ultimately neutralise Robert. Stella finds herself caught between spy and counterspy. The narrative reveals the "inextricable knitting together of the individual and the national, the personal and the political."
<FC_Dnipro_Dnipropetrovsk>	Football Club Dnipro (Ukrainian: Футбо́льний Клуб «Дніпро́», IPA: [d(j)n(j)iˈprɔ] (listen)) was a Ukrainian football club based in Dnipro. The club was owned by the Privat Group that also owns BC Dnipro and Budivelnyk Kyiv.In 2018 FC Dnipro was forced into bankruptcy by FIFA due to multiple legal claims for failing to pay its promised monetary compensation to players and managers.
<Vinny_Arkins>	Vincent Thomas Arkins (born 18 September 1970) is an Irish retired footballer, who played as a striker during a 20-year career. He is most notable for his time with Portadown in Northern Ireland, where he is their all-time leading goalscorer and also briefly managed the club on an interim basis after retiring. He also played for clubs in his native Republic of Ireland, Scotland and England.Arkins scored 15 goals as Dundee United's youth team made it to the Scottish Youth Cup Final in 1989. After signing for Noel King for £12,000 he made his League of Ireland debut for Shamrock Rovers against Bohemians on 15 October 1989 in a 3–1 win. Arkins went on to score 35 goals in 86 total appearances for The Hoops.
<Kevin_Johnson>	Kevin Johnson may refer to:
<Ryōji_Noyori>	Ryōji Noyori (野依 良治, Noyori Ryōji, born September 3, 1938) is a Japanese chemist. He won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 2001, Noyori shared a half of the prize with William S. Knowles for the study of chirally catalyzed hydrogenations; the second half of the prize went to K. Barry Sharpless for his study in chirally catalyzed oxidation reactions (Sharpless epoxidation).Ryōji Noyori was born in Kobe, Japan. Early in his school days Ryoji was interested in physics. His interest was kindled by the famous physicist Hideki Yukawa (1949 Nobel Prize in Physics winner), a close friend of his father. Later, he became fascinated with chemistry, after hearing a presentation on nylon at an industrial exposition.  He saw the power of chemistry as being the ability to "produce high value from almost nothing".  He was a student at the School of Engineering (Department of Industrial Chemistry) of the Kyoto University, where he graduated in 1961. He subsequently obtained a Master's degree in Industrial Chemistry from the Graduate School of Engineering of the Kyoto University. Between 1963 and 1967, he was a research associate at the School of Engineering of the Kyoto University, and an instructor in the research group of Hitoshi Nozaki. Noyori obtained a Doctor of Engineering degree (DEng) from the Kyoto University in 1967. He became an associate professor at the same university in 1968. After postdoctoral work with Elias J. Corey at Harvard he returned to Nagoya, becoming a full professor in 1972.  He is still based at Nagoya, and served as president of RIKEN, a multi-site national research initiative with an annual budget of $800 million, from 2003 to 2015.Noyori believes strongly in the power of catalysis and of green chemistry; in a 2005 article he argued for the pursuit of "practical elegance in synthesis". In this article he stated that "our ability to devise straightforward and practical chemical syntheses is indispensable to the survival of our species."  Elsewhere he has said that "Research is for nations and mankind, not for researchers themselves."  He encourages scientists to be politically active: "Researchers must spur public opinions and government policies toward constructing the sustainable society in the 21st century."
<Torrance_Coombs>	Torrance Coombs (born June 14, 1983) is a Canadian-American actor. He is perhaps best known for his roles as Thomas Culpepper in The Tudors (2007–2010) and as Sebastian "Bash" de Poitiers, the illegitimate son of King Henry II of France and his chief mistress Diane de Poitiers in Reign (2013–2017) and Declan in The Originals.Coombs was born and raised in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. He joined the school choir to better express himself and was soon cast in the role of Rum Tum Tugger in the musical play Cats. He rented a video of Elvis Presley in concert to help prepare for the role. Coombs holds a dual citizenship to both Canada and the United States.He continued to do theatre roles throughout high school at University Hill Secondary School and eventually enrolled in the acting program at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver.
<Hazel_Brooks>	Hazel Brooks (September 8, 1924 – September 18, 2002) was an American actress.The daughter of a sea captain, Brooks was born in Cape Town, South Africa. Her father died when she was three years old, and she moved with her mother to Brooklyn, New York. Her mother remarried and then divorced, resulting in custody battles over Brooks' half-brother. Brooks described her childhood as "very unhappy", noting that she attended 14 schools.Brooks became a model when she was 16 and was represented by Harry Conover and Walter Thornton. A talent scout picked her and five other models to appear in the MGM film Du Barry Was a Lady (1943). She made a series of pictures at the studio during the 1940s, culminating with a supporting role in the 1947 film Body and Soul with John Garfield.
<Nikolay_Basov>	Nikolay Gennadiyevich Basov (Russian: Никола́й Генна́диевич Ба́сов; 14 December 1922 – 1 July 2001) was a Soviet physicist and educator. For his fundamental work in the field of quantum electronics that led to the development of laser and maser, Basov shared the 1964 Nobel Prize in Physics with Alexander Prokhorov and Charles Hard Townes.Basov was born in the town Usman, now in Lipetsk Oblast in 1922. He finished school in 1941 in Voronezh, and was later called for military service at Kuibyshev Military Medical Academy. In 1943 he left the academy and served in the Red Army participating in the Second World War with the 1st Ukrainian Front.Basov graduated from Moscow Engineering Physics Institute (MEPhI) in 1950. He then held a professorship at MEPhI and also worked in the Lebedev Physical Institute (LPI), where he defended a dissertation for the Candidate of Sciences degree (equivalent to PhD) in 1953 and a dissertation for the Doctor of Sciences degree in 1956. Basov was the Director of the LPI in 1973–1988. He was elected as  corresponding member of the USSR Academy of Sciences (Russian Academy of Sciences since 1991) in 1962 and  Full Member of the Academy in 1966. In 1967, he was elected a Member of the Presidium of the Academy (1967—1990), and since 1990 he was the councillor of the Presidium of the USSR Academy of Sciences. In 1971 he was elected a Member of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina. He was Honorary President and Member of the International Academy of Science, Munich. He was the head of the laboratory of quantum radiophysics at the LPI until his death in 2001.
<Anne-Aymone_Giscard_d'Estaing>	Anne-Aymone Marie Josèphe Christiane Giscard d'Estaing (née Sauvage de Brantes; born 10 April 1933) is the widow of former President of France Valéry Giscard d'Estaing.She is a daughter of François Marie Joseph Abel Henri Sauvage, Count de Brantes, and his wife, Princess Aymone Marie Sylvie Renée Françoise de Faucigny-Lucinge et Coligny, a great-great-granddaughter of Charles Ferdinand, duc de Berry by his mistress Amy Brown. She grew up at the Château de Fresne in Touraine.Her father died in Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp on 8 May 1944. 
<Crave_(play)>	Crave is a one-act play by British playwright Sarah Kane. It was first performed in 1998 by the theatre company Paines Plough, with which Kane was writer-in-residence for the year, at the Traverse Theatre, Edinburgh. The play was initially presented under the pseudonym Marie Kelvedon; Kane used a pseudonym to avoid the distraction of her reputation for graphic staged violence from her previous works. Crave was Kane's fourth play. It is dedicated by the author to Mark Ravenhill.The play reflects a stylistic departure from Kane's previous works, using a non-linear, poetic style, and is notable for its lack of staged violence that had been a hallmark of the author's previous work; this style is continued in her next and final work, 4.48 Psychosis. The dialogue is intertextual, and often it is unclear whom each line is addressed to. Much of the delivery  of the text is left up to directorial interpretation.
<Mat_Sadler>	Mathew John Sadler (born 26 February 1985) is an English former professional footballer. He played as a left-footed defender capable of playing either at full-back or as a centre-back.Sadler played in the Premier League and the Football League for Birmingham City. He spent most of his career in the Football League, for Northampton Town, Watford, Stockport County, Shrewsbury Town, Walsall, Crawley Town, Rotherham United and Oldham Athletic.
<Gichin_Funakoshi>	Gichin Funakoshi (船越 義珍, Funakoshi Gichin, November 10, 1868 – April 26, 1957) was a japanese martial artist who is regarded as the founder of Shotakan karate, perhaps the most widely known style of karate, and is known as a "father of modern karate". Following the teachings of Anko Itosu and Anko Asato, he was one of the Okinawan karate masters who introduced karate to the Japanese mainland in 1922, following its earlier introduction by his teacher Itosu. He taught karate at various Japanese universities and became honorary head of the Japan Karate Association upon its establishment in 1949.Gichin Funakoshi was born on November 10, 1868, the year of the Meiji Restoration, in Shuri, Okinawa, to a Ryūkyūan Pechin. Funakoshi was born prematurely. His father's name was Gisu. After entering primary school he became close friends with the son of Ankō Asato, a karate and Jigen-ryū master who would soon become his first karate teacher. −	Funakoshi's family was stiffly opposed to the Meiji government's abolition of the Japanese topknot, and this meant that he would be ineligible to pursue his goal of attending medical school (where topknots were banned), despite having passed the entrance examination. Being trained in both classical Chinese and Japanese philosophies and teachings, Funakoshi became an assistant teacher in Okinawa. During this time, his relations with the Asato family grew and he began nightly travels to the Asato family residence to receive karate instruction from Ankō Asato.Funakoshi had trained in both of the popular styles of Okinawan karate of the time: Shōrei-ryū and Shōrin-ryū. Shotokan is named after Funakoshi's pen name, Shōtō (松濤), which means "waving pines".  Kan means training hall or house, thus Shōtōkan (松濤館) referred to the "house of Shōtō". This name was coined by Funakoshi's students when they posted a sign above the entrance of the hall at which Funakoshi taught. In addition to being a karate master, Funakoshi was an avid poet and philosopher who would reportedly go for long walks in the forest where he would meditate and write his poetry.
<Tammy_Grimes>	Tammy Lee Grimes (January 30, 1934 – October 30, 2016) was an American film and stage actress.Grimes won two Tony Awards in her career, the first for originating the role of Molly Tobin in the musical The Unsinkable Molly Brown and the second for starring in a 1970 revival of Private Lives as Amanda Prynne. A former husband, Christopher Plummer, and their daughter, actress Amanda Plummer, are also Tony Award winners.
<Janet_Kelso>	Janet Kelso (born 1975) is a South African computational biologist and Group leader of the Minerva Research Group for Bioinformatics at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology. She is best known for her work comparing DNA from previous humans (i.e. Neanderthals) with those of the present (Homo Sapiens).A previous challenge for computational biologists was the lack of proper DNA preservation and technology to analyze the nuclear genomes of the ancient humans. This obstacle strengthened Kelso's interest in bioinformatics and initially approached the issue using the reference based method. From there, her and her research team have made advances in research towards ancient DNA.
<Miguel_Ângelo_(footballer)>	Miguel Ângelo may refer to:
<Eurabia>	Eurabia is a political neologism, a portmanteau of Europe and Arabia, used to describe a far-right, anti-Muslim conspiracy theory, involving globalist entities allegedly led by French and Arab powers, to Islamise and Arabise Europe, thereby weakening its existing culture and undermining a previous alignment with the United States and Israel.The term was first used in the 1970s as the title of a newsletter and the concept itself developed by Bat Ye'or (pen name of Gisèle Littman) in the early 2000s and is described in her 2005 book titled Eurabia: The Euro‐Arab Axis.  Benjamin Lee of the  Centre for Research and Evidence on Security Threats at the University of Lancaster describes her work as arguing that Europe  "has surrendered to Islam and is in a state of submission (described as dhimmitude) in which Europe is forced to deny its own culture, stand silently by in the face of Muslim atrocities, accept Muslim immigration, and pay tribute through various types of economic assistance." According to the theory, the blame rests with a range of groups including communists, fascists, the media, universities, mosques and Islamic cultural centres, European bureaucrats, and the Euro-Arab Dialogue.The term has gained some public interest and has been used and discussed across a wide range of the political spectrum, including right-wing activists, self-described "conservatives" and counter-jihad and other anti-Islamism activists. Bat Ye'or's "mother conspiracy theory" has been used for further subtheories. The narrative grew important in expressing anti-Islamist sentiments and was used by movements like Stop Islamisation of Europe. It gained renewed interest after the September 11 attacks[citation needed] and the use of the term by 2011 Norway attacker, Anders Behring Breivik. Ye'or's thesis has come under criticism by scholars, which intensified after Breivik's crime. The conspiracy has been described as having resemblance to the anti-Semitic Protocols of the Elders of Zion.
<Jutta_Zilliacus>	Jutta Armelle Zilliacus (born 25 July 1925) is a Finnish-born ethnic Estonian journalist and author in the Swedish language. She was also a politician, and served as a Member of Parliament for the Swedish People's Party for Helsinki from 1975 to 1986 and a member of the Helsinki City Council from 1968 to 1984.
<Richard_Cole_(EastEnders)>	Richard Cole (also known as "Tricky Dicky") is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Ian Reddington between 23 July 1992 and 21 July 1994.Richard Cole arrives in Walford in 1992 as the new market inspector. He is known as a corrupt man who will pull every trick in the book to make money and he is not well liked by the community. He is also a notorious womaniser who has various brief flings. He briefly dates market trader Rachel Kominski (Jacquetta May) in 1992, but antagonises her later when he decides to give her permanent market pitch to his newly arrived friend, Sanjay Kapoor (Deepak Verma). In 1993, he has a romance with Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth), which sours when she discovers that he is taking a cash bribe and allowing a mobile hot dog van to trade in direct competition to her café. Later, he has sex with 17-year-old Bianca Jackson (Patsy Palmer), and when he dumps her shortly after, she and her friend Natalie (Lucy Speed) vandalise his flat.
<Lover_(novel)>	Lover is a lesbian feminist novel by Bertha Harris, published in 1976 by Daughters, Inc., a Vermont small press dedicated to women's fiction. It is considered Harris's most ambitious work, and has been compared to Djuna Barnes's Nightwood and the stories of Jane Bowles. Harris has said that it was written "straight from the libido, while I was madly in love, and liberated by the lesbian cultural movement of the mid-1970s."Lover's prose is distinctly postmodern, eschewing conventional narrative for experimental narrative techniques. In contrast to some lesbian novels of the time, such as Rita Mae Brown's Rubyfruit Jungle (also, incidentally, published by Daughters), which used a prototypical bildungsroman technique with a lesbian placed squarely at the center, Lover reflects complex notions of radical lesbian philosophy, community, family structure, and eroticism by using highly inventive, often fantastical storytelling techniques. In Harris's introduction to the 1993 edition, she writes, "Lover should be absorbed as if it were a theatrical performance. There's tap dancing and singing, disguise, sleights of hand, mirror illusions, quick-change acts, and drag." Amanda C. Gable has argued that Lover "can be considered an exemplary novel within discussions of both postmodern fiction and lesbian (or queer) theory," and calls for "Harris to be added to the group of writers such as Wittig, Anzaldúa, Lorde, and Winterson, who are discussed within the context of a postmodern lesbian narrative."The women's movement in the 1970s established many small, independent presses. Lover is an example of a book published by one of these presses. It was reprinted in 1993 by New York University Press.
<Nine_Stories_(Salinger)>	Nine Stories (1953) is a collection of short stories by American fiction writer J. D. Salinger published in April 1953. It includes two of his most famous short stories, "A Perfect Day for Bananafish" and "For Esmé – with Love and Squalor". (Nine Stories is the U.S. title; the book is published in many other countries as For Esmé - with Love and Squalor, and Other Stories).The stories are:
<Lisa_Brenner>	Lisa Dawn Brenner (née  Goldstein; born February 12, 1974) is an American actress. Brenner played Maggie Cory on Another World. She was also in All My Children as Allison Sloan. She played Anne in the 2000 film The Patriot.Born Lisa Goldstein, she attended Barnard College, majoring in both English and drama. She is married to Dean Devlin, and of Jewish descent.
<M._S._Raghunathan>	Madabusi Santanam Raghunathan FRS is an Indian mathematician. He is currently Head of the National Centre for Mathematics, Indian Institute of Technology, Mumbai. Formerly Professor of eminence at TIFR in Homi Bhabha Chair. Raghunathan received his PhD in Mathematics from (TIFR), University of Mumbai; his advisor was M. S. Narasimhan. Raghunathan is a Fellow of the Royal Society, of the Third World Academy of Sciences, and of the American Mathematical Society and a recipient of the civilian honour of Padma Bhushan. He has also been on the Mathematical Sciences jury for the Infosys Prize from 2016.Madabusi Santanam Raghunathan was born on 11 August 1941 at Anantapur, Andhra Pradesh, his maternal grandparents' place. The family lived in Chennai. His father Santanam continued the family's timber business and expanded it through exports to Europe and Japan. He had earlier joined the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, after a BSc in Physics, but had to leave his studies mid-way to take care of the family business. Raghunathan fondly recalls that his father had a feeling for science and used to talk about it, making it very interesting to the children. Raghunathan's mother came from a family with an academic tradition. Her father was an esteemed Professor of English, who had contributed articles to the Cornhill Magazine. He also wrote, and published on his own, a book on William Makepeace Thackeray, which was later found to have been reprinted in the United States, without his knowledge, indeed in violation of the copyright he held.
<Carl_Wieman>	Carl Edwin Wieman (born March 26, 1951) is an American physicist and educationist at Stanford University, and currently the A.D White Professor at Large at Cornell University.  In 1995, while at the University of Colorado Boulder, he and Eric Allin Cornell produced the first true Bose–Einstein condensate (BEC) and, in 2001, they and Wolfgang Ketterle (for further BEC studies) were awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics. Wieman currently holds a joint appointment as Professor of Physics and Professor in the Stanford Graduate School of Education, as well as the DRC Professor in the Stanford University School of Engineering. In 2020, Wieman was awarded the Yidan Prize in Education Research for "his contribution in developing new techniques and tools in STEM education." citation.Wieman was born in Corvallis, Oregon to N. Orr Wieman and Alison Marjorie Fry in the United States and graduated from Corvallis High School. His paternal grandfather Henry Nelson Wieman was a religious philosopher of German descent and his mother had white Anglo-Saxon Protestant family background. Wieman earned his B.S. in 1973 from MIT and his Ph.D. from Stanford University in 1977; he was also awarded a Doctor of Science, honoris causa from the University of Chicago in 1997. He was awarded the Lorentz Medal in 1998. In 2001, he won the Nobel Prize in Physics, along with Eric Allin Cornell and Wolfgang Ketterle, for fundamental studies of the Bose-Einstein condensate. In 2004, he was named United States Professor of the Year among all doctoral and research universities.In a 2020 interview given to Federal University of Pará in Brazil, Wieman recalls his youth and his journey as a physicist; the influence of other people, like teachers and his parents, on his trajectory; his path through science education and the foundation of the open educational resource PhET Interactive Simulations.
<Jordan_Spence>	Jordan James Spence (born 24 May 1990) is an English professional footballer who most recently played for ADO Den Haag in the Eredivisie. Predominantly as a right-back, Spence can also operate as a centre-back. He has represented and captained England at various youth levels. He has previously played for West Ham United, Leyton Orient, Scunthorpe United, Bristol City, Sheffield Wednesday, Milton Keynes Dons and Ipswich Town.Spence joined West Ham United in 2004. In April 2006, he signed a contract as a full-time youth team academy player for the 2006–07 season, and made his reserve team debut that same month. He has captained the England national team at every youth level.
<Abbie_Cornett>	Abbie Cornett (born August 22, 1966) is a politician from the U.S. state of Nebraska.  She served two terms, from 2005 to 2013, as a member of the Nebraska Legislature.Senator Abbie Cornett was born in Omaha,Nebraska.  She graduated from the University of Nebraska at Omaha, and the Nebraska Law Enforcement Academy (1993).  She served as a police officer with the City of Omaha for 10 years, before retiring after a service injury, later graduating with a degree in criminal justice from Bellevue University.
<Blair_Mastbaum>	Blair Mastbaum is an American writer and a former model who lives in Brooklyn, New York.Mastbaum acted in and produced the 2005 Sundance Film Festival official competition film, Ellie Parker, directed by his partner, Scott Coffey. He co-wrote the 2018 feature film, For Real, directed by his boyfriend, Scott Coffey.Mastbaum's first novel, 2004's Clay's Way, won a Lambda Literary Award.
<Treasure_Island_(1950_film)>	Treasure Island is a 1950 adventure film produced by RKO-Walt Disney British Productions, adapted from Robert Louis Stevenson's 1883 novel of the same name. Directed by Byron Haskin, it stars Bobby Driscoll as Jim Hawkins and Robert Newton as Long John Silver. Treasure Island was Disney's first completely live-action film and the first screen version of Treasure Island made in color. It was filmed in the United Kingdom on location and at Denham Film Studios, Buckinghamshire.In the West Coast of England in 1765, a young boy called Jim Hawkins lives with his mother in a tiny country inn which they run. Captain William Bones, a sickly lodger, gives Jim a treasure map after being visited by two pirates, the second of whom gives the captain a note marked with the black spot, and sends him for help with a mysterious promise to share. Jim returns with Squire Trelawney and Dr. Livesey, only to find Bones dead at the inn, and Jim shows Trelawney the map. Trelawney recognizes the map as belonging to the buccaneer Captain Flint and bankrolls a voyage to discover the pirate's lost treasure. Trelawney hires Captain Smollett and his ship, the Hispaniola, bringing along Dr Livesey as the ship's doctor and Jim as the cabin boy.
<Marieta_Severo>	Marieta Severo da Costa (born 2 November 1946) is a Brazilian stage, film and television actress. She is best known to youth audiences as the archetypal mother figure in popular sitcom A Grande Família (2001–2014), as well to mature audiences for portraying villains in telenovelas like Vereda Tropical, Pátria Minha, Laços de Família, among others.Severo was born on November 2, 1946 in Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro to Luís Antonio Severo da Costa (a Brazilian army officer) and Lígia Paixão. She studied in Tablado Theater in 1965, and later that year, premiered on her first play Feitiço de Salém.Severo starred in her first telenovela in 1966. It was the Rede Globo production of O Sheik de Agadir (The Sheik of Agadir) in which she played the supporting character of Madelon. In 1978 she played the lead character in the film Chuvas de Verão. She continued to appear in some television programs and films, but major leading roles did not came until the 1986 films Com Licença, Eu Vou à Luta, A Espera, O Homem da Capa Preta. In 1987, she played Leila Diniz' mother in the biopic of the same name. In 1989, public acclaim came with the telenovela Que Rei Sou Eu?, with Marco Nanini. In 1995, critical acclaim came with the film Carlota Joaquina - Princesa do Brasil, which she also starred with Nanini. She continues to appear with major supporting characters in films like Cazuza - O Tempo Não Pára and TV shows, but she is perhaps widely known and acclaimed for her role as Nenê, the matriarch of the Silva family in the Rede Globo series A Grande Família (in which she also stars with Nanini).
<Carl_Reiner>	Carl Reiner (March 20, 1922 – June 29, 2020) was an American actor, stand-up comedian, director, screenwriter, and author whose career spanned seven decades. He was the recipient of many awards and honors, including 11 Primetime Emmy Awards, a Grammy Award, and the Mark Twain Prize for American Humor. He was inducted into the Television Hall of Fame in 1999.During the early years of television comedy from 1950 to 1957, he acted on and contributed sketch material for Your Show of Shows and Caesar's Hour, starring Sid Caesar, writing alongside Mel Brooks, Neil Simon, and Woody Allen. Reiner teamed up with Brooks and together they released several iconic comedy albums beginning with 2000 Years with Carl Reiner and Mel Brooks (1960). Reiner was best known as the creator and producer of, and a writer and actor on, The Dick Van Dyke Show which ran from 1961 to 1966.
<Ford_Taurus_(fifth_generation)>	The fifth generation of the Ford Taurus is an automobile that was manufactured and marketed by Ford Motor Company for the 2008 and 2009 model years.  Marking the return of the nameplate after a hiatus of less than a year, the revived Taurus is a midcycle revision of the Ford Five Hundred full-sized sedan.  After its retail withdrawal following the 2007 model year, the Crown Victoria was replaced by this generation of the Taurus, making it the flagship Ford sedan for the first time.Along with the revived Taurus, the Ford Freestyle wagon/CUV was rebranded as the Taurus X.  In a similar rebranding, the Mercury Montego adopted the Sable nameplate; no Mercury version of the Taurus X was marketed, nor any Lincoln version of the fifth-generation Taurus.  As with the Five Hundred, the fifth-generation Taurus was sold exclusively as a sedan.  For the first time, all-wheel drive was offered as an option.
<Terry_Duggan>	Terence A. Duggan (15 April 1932 – 1 May 2008) was a British comedian and actor who had a successful career in cabaret and variety, and played numerous character roles on television.Duggan was born in Hoxton, London. From the 1960s through the 1980s, he appeared on such television series as Are You Being Served?, The Bill, Bob Martin, Only Fools and Horses, Please Sir! and Randall and Hopkirk (Deceased). He also performed pantomime, frequently teaming with his wife, the actress Anna Karen. He also appeared in different roles with her on six occasions in the ITV sitcom On the Buses, as well as in the spin-off movie On the Buses (1971).[citation needed]
<Shuji_Nakamura>	Shuji Nakamura (中村 修二, Nakamura Shūji, born May 22, 1954) is a Japanese-born American electronic engineer and inventor specializing in the field of semiconductor technology, professor at the Materials Department of the College of Engineering, University of California, Santa Barbara (UCSB), and is regarded as the inventor of the blue LED, a major breakthrough in lighting technology.Together with Isamu Akasaki and Hiroshi Amano, he is one of the three recipients of the 2014 Nobel Prize for Physics "for the invention of efficient blue light-emitting diodes, which has enabled bright and energy-saving white light sources". In 2015, his input into commercialization and development of energy-efficient white LED lighting technology was recognized by the Global Energy Prize. In 2021, Nakamura, along with Akasaki, Nick Holonyak, M. George Craford and Russell D. Dupuis were awarded the Queen Elizabeth Prize for Engineering "for the creation and development of LED lighting, which forms the basis of all solid state lighting technology".Nakamura graduated from the University of Tokushima in 1977 with a B.Eng. degree in electronic engineering, and obtained an M.Eng. degree in the same subject two years later, after which he joined the Nichia Corporation, also based in Tokushima. It was while working for Nichia that Nakamura invented the method for producing the first commercial high brightness gallium nitride (GaN) LED whose brilliant blue light, when partially converted to yellow by a phosphor coating, is the key to white LED lighting, which went into production in 1993.
<Oscar_Hijuelos>	Oscar Jerome Hijuelos (August 24, 1951 – October 12, 2013) was an American novelist.Of Cuban descent, during a year-long convalescence from a childhood illness spent in a Connecticut hospital he lost his knowledge of Spanish, his parents' native language.  He was educated in New York City, and wrote short stories and advertising copy.For his second novel, adapted for the movie The Mambo Kings, he became the first Hispanic to win a Pulitzer Prize for fiction.
<Stefan_Hell>	Stefan Walter Hell HonFRMS (German pronunciation: [ˈʃtɛfan ˈhɛl] (listen): born 23 December 1962) is a Romanian-German physicist and one of the directors of the Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry in Göttingen, Germany. He received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 2014 "for the development of super-resolved fluorescence microscopy", together with Eric Betzig and William Moerner.Born into a Roman Catholic Banat Swabian family in Arad, Romania, he grew up at his parents'  home in nearby Sântana. Hell attended primary school there between 1969 and 1977. Subsequently, he attended one year of secondary education at the Nikolaus Lenau High School in Timișoara before leaving with his parents to West Germany in 1978. His father was an engineer and his mother a teacher; the family settled in Ludwigshafen after emigrating.Hell began his studies at the Heidelberg University in 1981, where he received his doctorate in physics in 1990. His thesis advisor was the solid-state physicist Siegfried Hunklinger.  The title of the thesis was “Imaging of transparent microstructures in a confocal microscope”. He was an independent inventor for a short period thereafter working on improving depth (axial) resolution in confocal microscopy, which became later known as the 4Pi microscope. Resolution is the possibility to separate two similar objects in close proximity and is therefore the most important property of a microscope.
<The_Nigger_of_the_'Narcissus'>	The Nigger of the "Narcissus": A Tale of the Forecastle (sometimes subtitled A Tale of the Sea), first published in the United States as The Children of the Sea, is an 1897 novella by Polish-British novelist Joseph Conrad. The central character is an Afro-Caribbean man who is ill at sea while aboard the trading ship Narcissus heading towards London. Controversy around the use of the word nigger in the title saw the US name changed in 1897 and a 2009 version titled The N-Word of the Narcissus.Because of the novella's superb quality compared to Conrad's earlier works, some critics have described it as marking the start of Conrad's major or middle period; others have placed it as the best work of his early period.
<Getafe_CF_B>	Getafe Club de Fútbol "B" is the reserve team of Getafe CF, club based in Getafe, Madrid metropolitan area, in the namesake community. Founded in 1983, it currently plays in Tercera Federación – Group 7 holding home games at Ciudad Deportiva Getafe CF.Getafe B was founded at the same time as the first team, in 1983, reaching the fourth division for the first time 11 years later and being relegated after just one season. In 1998 it returned again to the category, lasting three years and never finishing in higher than the 14th position.In the 2004–05 campaign, as the main squad first appeared in La Liga, the reserves returned to the fourth level, going on to stabilize in that division in the following years. In 2010, after two unsuccessful playoff visits, the club promoted to level three for the first time ever. In the first season there the club reached 7th position among 20 teams. The 2011-12 season was slightly worse, as Getafe B finished in the 8th position. In the 2018-19 season Getafe B became the champion of the Tercera División, Group 7. The beginning of the season in Segunda División B was difficult, as the club won just 4 from the first 14 games.
<Harvard_College>	Harvard College is the undergraduate college of Harvard University, an Ivy League research university in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Founded in 1636, Harvard College is the original school of Harvard University, the oldest institution of higher learning in the United Statesand among the most prestigiousin the world.Part of the Faculty of Arts and Sciences, Harvard College is Harvard University's traditional undergraduate program, offering AB and SB degrees. It is highly selective, with fewer than five percent of applicants being offered admission in recent years. Harvard College students participate in more than 450 extracurricular organizationsand nearly all live on campus—first-year students in or near Harvard Yard, and upperclass students in community-oriented "houses".The school came into existence in 1636 by vote of the Great and General Court of the Massachusetts Bay Colony—though without a single building, instructor, or student. In 1638, the college became home for North America's first known printing press, carried by the ship John of London.Three years later, the college was renamed in honor of deceased Charlestown minister John Harvard (1607–1638) who had bequeathed to the school his entire library and half of his monetary estate.
<DR_(broadcaster)>	DR (pronounced [ˈte̝ˀˌɛɐ̯]), officially the Danish Broadcasting Corporation in English, is a Danish public-service radio and television broadcasting company. Founded in 1925 as a public-service organization, it is Denmark's oldest and largest electronic media enterprise. DR is a founding member of the European Broadcasting Union.DR was originally funded by a media licence, however since 2022, the media license has been replaced by an addition to the Danish income tax.
<Junichi_Inamoto>	Junichi Inamoto (稲本 潤一, Inamoto Jun'ichi, born 18 September 1979) is a Japanese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Nankatsu SC. He is a retired international for the Japan national team.Inamoto was born in Kagoshima Prefecture. He played for Japanese club Gamba Osaka during his last year of high school, signing with the club in 1997. In April when at the age of 17, he debuted opening match in 1997 J.League season, which made him the youngest player who played J.League (at that time). He played for Gamba until summer 2001 and played 118 matches in J1 League. He was then one of many high-profile transfers of Asian players to Europe, signing with Arsenal of the Premier League. Inamoto scored two goals for the Japanese national team at the 2002 World Cup, but had already been released by Arsenal shortly before the tournament began. He was then signed by Fulham on a long-term loan deal from Gamba Osaka. Initially he settled well at the London club, garnering good notices as a tough-tackling midfielder with an eye for a spectacular goal. He became a cult favourite quickly, scoring four goals over the two legs of Fulham's Intertoto Cup final against Bologna, scoring once in the first leg and a hat trick in the second. Other notable goals he scored in his time for Fulham include goals against Tottenham Hotspur, Sunderland, Middlesbrough and also in the 3–1 win against Manchester United at Old Trafford in October 2003.He also scored in the FA Cup against Everton which commentator Barry Davies described as "a Japanese peach".[citation needed] Inamoto was also described as "bigger than Beckham" by the Japanese media. However, he sustained a fractured tibia in an international friendly against England, and returned to Gamba Osaka to do promotional work. Fulham were interested in signing him once more, but concerns remained over his recovery from injury.
<Toronto>	Toronto (/təˈrɒntoʊ/ (listen) tə-RON-toh; locally [təˈɹɒɾ̃ə] or [ˈtɹɒɾ̃ə]) is the capital city of the Canadian province of Ontario. With a recorded population of 2,794,356 in 2021, it is the most populous city in Canada and the fourth most populous city in North America. The city is the anchor of the Golden Horseshoe, an urban agglomeration of 9,765,188 people (as of 2021) surrounding the western end of Lake Ontario, while the Greater Toronto Area proper had a 2021 population of 6,712,341. Toronto is an international centre of business, finance, arts, sports and culture, and is recognized as one of the most multicultural and cosmopolitan cities in the world.Indigenous peoples have travelled through and inhabited the Toronto area, located on a broad sloping plateau interspersed with rivers, deep ravines, and urban forest, for more than 10,000 years. After the broadly disputed Toronto Purchase, when the Mississauga surrendered the area to the British Crown, the British established the town of York in 1793 and later designated it as the capital of Upper Canada. During the War of 1812, the town was the site of the Battle of York and suffered heavy damage by American troops. York was renamed and incorporated in 1834 as the city of Toronto. It was designated as the capital of the province of Ontario in 1867 during Canadian Confederation. The city proper has since expanded past its original limits through both annexation and amalgamation to its current area of 630.2 km2 (243.3 sq mi).
<Hanns_Eisler>	Hanns Eisler (6 July 1898 – 6 September 1962) was an Austrian composer (his father was Austrian, and Eisler fought in a Hungarian regiment in World War I). He is best known for composing the national anthem of East Germany, for his long artistic association with Bertolt Brecht, and for the scores he wrote for films. The Hochschule für Musik "Hanns Eisler" is named after him.Johannes Eisler was born in Leipzig in Saxony, the son of Rudolf Eisler, a professor of philosophy, and Marie Ida Fischer. His father was an atheist of Jewish origin and his mother was Lutheran. In 1901, the family moved to Vienna. His brother, Gerhart, was a Communist journalist, and his sister, Elfriede, was a leader of the German Communist Party in the mid-1920s. After emigrating to America, she turned into an anti-Stalinist, writing books against her former political affiliation, and even testifying against her brothers before the House Un-American Activities Committee.
<FC_Dynamo-2_Kyiv>	FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv was the second football team of the Ukrainian football club Dynamo Kyiv based in Kyiv, Ukraine. The team was created in 1946, and the club ceased its operations after the 2015–16 season.In 1965, there was created the second team of FC Dynamo Kyiv and replaced FC Temp Kyiv (former FC Arsenal Kyiv). It only competed for one season in the Ukrainian Class B football competitions of the Soviet Union.
<Arne_Tiselius>	Arne Wilhelm Kaurin Tiselius (10 August 1902 – 29 October 1971) was a Swedish biochemist who won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1948 "for his research on electrophoresis and adsorption analysis, especially for his discoveries concerning the complex nature of the serum proteins."Tiselius was born in Stockholm. Following the death of his father, the family moved to Gothenburg where he went to school, and after graduation at the local "Realgymnasium" in 1921, he studied at the Uppsala University, specializing in chemistry.Tiselius became a research assistant at Theodor Svedberg's laboratory in 1925 and obtained his doctoral degree in 1930 on the moving-boundary method of studying the electrophoresis of proteins. From then to 1935 he published a number of papers on diffusion and adsorption in naturally occurring base-exchanging zeolites, and these studies continued during a year's visit to Hugh Stott Taylor's laboratory in Princeton University with support of a Rockefeller Foundation fellowship. On his return to Uppsala he resumed his interest in proteins, and the application of physical methods to biochemical problems. This led to a much-improved method of electrophoretic analysis which he refined in subsequent years.
<David_Fox_(footballer)>	David Lee Fox (born 13 December 1983) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder, most recently for Plymouth Argyle.Born in Leek, Staffordshire, Fox began his career with Exeter City, where his father Peter was player-manager, before joining Manchester United in July 2000. However, he was unable to break into the first-team and spent time on loan with Belgian club Royal Antwerp and Shrewsbury Town before making a permanent transfer to Blackpool in 2006. After three years with Blackpool, he joined Colchester United in 2009, before moving to Norwich City a year later. In 2013, he went on a three-month loan to Barnsley, before he rejoined Colchester in late 2014. He has also played for the England Under-20s.
<Sahra_Wagenknecht>	Sahra Wagenknecht (born Sarah Wagenknecht; German pronunciation: [ˌzaːʁa ˈvaːɡŋ̍ˌknɛçt]; 16 July 1969) is a German politician, economist, author and publicist. Since 2009, she has been a member of the Bundestag for The Left. From 2015 to 2019 she served as parliamentary co-chair of her party.Wagenknecht became a prominent member of the Party of Democratic Socialism (PDS) from the early 1990s. After the foundation of The Left, she became a leading member of the party's most radical wing as leader of the Communist Platform. She has been a controversial figure throughout her career due to her hardline and populist stances, statements about East Germany, immigration and refugees, and her political movement Aufstehen.
<Nishan-e-Imtiaz>	The Nishan-e-Imtiaz (Urdu: نشانِ امتیاز; transl. Order of Excellence) is one of the state organized civil decorations of Pakistan. It is awarded for achievements towards world recognition for Pakistan or outstanding service for the country. However, the award is not limited to citizens of Pakistan and, while it is a civilian award, it can also be awarded to military personnel and worn on the uniform. Nishan, translating as decoration/order/mark, is a highly restricted and prestigious award, roughly equivalent to Presidential Medal of Freedom (United States) and Order of the British Empire (United Kingdom), and is the first category award of Order of Imtiaz. The other three descending categories are Hilal-i-Imtiaz, Sitara-i-Imtiaz and Tamgha-e-Imtiaz. Usually, it is regarded as the highest award one can achieve in Pakistan since the higher award Nishan-e-Pakistan is awarded only to foreign Heads of States.The Nishan-e-Imtiaz was established on 19 March 1957, following the proclamation of Pakistan as a parliamentary republic, by the 1956 Constitution. The award is the top decoration in the country, given to a person who has accomplished duty beyond what is assigned to them. The person has to show eminence and be outstanding in providing excellent service in a significant field of activity.
<Jason_Varitek>	As coachJason Andrew Varitek (/ˈværɪtɛk/; born April 11, 1972), nicknamed Tek, is an American professional baseball coach and former catcher. He is currently the game planning coordinator, a uniformed coaching position, for the Boston Red Sox. After being traded as a minor league prospect by the Seattle Mariners, Varitek played his entire 15-year career in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Red Sox. A three-time All-Star and Gold Glove Award winner at catcher, as well as a Silver Slugger Award winner, Varitek was part of both the 2004 World Series and 2007 World Series Championship teams, and was viewed widely as one of the team's leaders. In December 2004 he was named the captain of the Red Sox, only their fourth captain since 1923. He was a switch-hitter.
<Alpha_TV>	Alpha TV is a Greek free-to-air channel, being one of the biggest stations in Greece. The station features a mix of Greek and foreign shows with an emphasis on information. The studios are located in Kifissia and Pallini. Alpha TV is owned by Alpha Satellite Television S.A. In Cyprus, private broadcaster Sigma TV used to broadcast a number of Alpha's programs. In the past, public service broadcaster CyBC used to broadcast Alpha TV programs. In 2015, Alpha TV Cyprus was founded and it broadcast the Alpha TV Programs and others of its own. Alpha Cyprus now is one of the highest-rated Cypriot channels.When the channel was called Skai TV, it was written using Greek letters. It was Latinized and changed to a blue font in 1999 when Tsotsoros bought it from Giannis Alafouzos. In September 1999, it became Alpha-Sky before changing to its present name in October of the same year. The logo was retained despite the changes in the channel's name.In 2006, the logo was changed to Alpha, the first letter of the Greek alphabet, to reflect the channel's popularity. The font letters in 2003 changed and a circle was added over Alpha, but the two As (alphas) remain. In 2005, a new version was introduced and is coloured with red. The logo was updated prior to the launch of the 2007-2008 season.
<Keith_Usherwood_Ingold>	Keith Usherwood Ingold, OC FRS FRSC FRSE (born 31 May 1929) is a British chemist.He was born to Sir Christopher Ingold and Dr. Hilda Usherwood, and studied for a BSc in Chemistry at the University of London, completing his degree in 1949. He continued his higher education with a PhD in chemistry at Oxford University, which he completed in 1951. Soon after graduation he moved to Canada to begin work with the National Research Council, followed by two years of post-doctoral research at the University of British Columbia. He returned to work for the NRC in 1955 as a research officer, followed by a promotion to head of the Free Radical Chemistry Section. He was awarded the 1968 Petroleum Chemistry Award, the 1988 Linus Pauling Award, and both the Davy Medal and Royal Medal of the Royal Society, the latter for "elucidating the mechanism of reactions involving free radicals". In 1995 he was made an officer of the Order of Canada. He has received honorary degrees from the universities of Guelph, Mount Allison, St Andrews, Carleton, McMaster and Dalhousie.
<Rita_Levi-Montalcini>	Rita Levi-Montalcini OMRI OMCA (US: /ˌleɪvi ˌmoʊntɑːlˈtʃiːni, ˌlɛv-, ˌliːvi ˌmɒntəlˈ-/, Italian: [ˈriːta ˈlɛːvi montalˈtʃiːni]; 22 April 1909 – 30 December 2012) was an Italian Nobel laureate, honored for her work in neurobiology. She was awarded the 1986 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine jointly with colleague Stanley Cohen for the discovery of nerve growth factor (NGF).From 2001 until her death, she also served in the Italian Senate as a Senator for Life. This honor was given due to her significant scientific contributions. On 22 April 2009, she became the first Nobel laureate to reach the age of 100, and the event was feted with a party at Rome's City Hall.
<Birds_of_a_Feather>	Birds of a feather flock together is an English proverb.Birds of a Feather may also refer to:
<Joan_D._Vinge>	Joan D. Vinge (/ˈvɪndʒi/ (listen); born April 2, 1948 as Joan Carol Dennison) is an American science fiction author.  She is known for such works as her Hugo Award–winning novel The Snow Queen and its sequels, her series about the telepath named Cat, and her Heaven's Chronicles books. She also is the author of The Random House Book of Greek Myths (1999).Vinge studied art in college, but eventually changed to a major in anthropology, and received a B.A. degree from San Diego State University in 1971.Vinge has been married twice: first to fellow science fiction author Vernor Vinge from 1972 to 1979, and currently to science fiction editor James Frenkel since 1980. Vinge and Frenkel have two children, and live in Chapel Hill, North Carolina. She has taught at the Clarion Workshop several times, both East and West. Besides writing, Vinge also makes and sells dolls.
<Santiago_Calatrava>	Santiago Calatrava Valls (born 28 July 1951) is a Spanish architect, structural engineer, sculptor and painter, particularly known for his bridges supported by single leaning pylons, and his railway stations, stadiums, and museums, whose sculptural forms often resemble living organisms. His best-known works include the Olympic Sports Complex of Athens, the Milwaukee Art Museum, the Turning Torso tower in Malmö, Sweden, the World Trade Center Transportation Hub in New York City, the Auditorio de Tenerife in Santa Cruz de Tenerife, the Margaret Hunt Hill Bridge in Dallas, Texas, and his largest project, the City of Arts and Sciences and Opera House in his birthplace, Valencia. His architectural firm has offices in New York City, Doha, and Zürich.Calatrava was born on 28 July 1951, in Benimàmet, an old municipality now part of Valencia, Spain. His Calatrava surname was an old aristocratic one from medieval times, and was once associated with an order of knights in Spain. He had his primary and secondary schooling in Valencia, and, beginning in 1957, studied drawing and painting at the School of Applied Art. In 1964, as the regime of General Francisco Franco relaxed and Spain became more open to the rest of Europe, he went to France as an exchange student. In 1968, after completing secondary school, he went to study at the Ecole des Beaux Arts in Paris, but he arrived in the midst of student uprisings and turmoil in Paris, and returned home. Back in Valencia, he discovered a book about the architecture of Le Corbusier, which persuaded him that he could be both an artist and an architect. He enrolled in the Higher School of Architecture at the Polytechnic University of Valencia. He received his diploma as an architect and then did higher studies in urbanism.  At the University he completed independent projects with fellow students, publishing two books on the vernacular architecture of Valencia and Ibiza.
<John_Vane>	Sir John Robert Vane FRS (29 March 1927 – 19 November 2004) was a British pharmacologist who was instrumental in the understanding of how aspirin produces pain-relief and anti-inflammatory effects and his work led to new treatments for heart and blood vessel disease and introduction of ACE inhibitors. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1982 along with Sune Bergström and Bengt Samuelsson for "their discoveries concerning prostaglandins and related biologically active substances".Born in Tardebigge, Worcestershire, John Vane was one of three children and grew up in suburban Birmingham. His father, Maurice Vane, was the son of Jewish Russian immigrants and his mother, Frances Vane, came from a Worcestershire farming family.  He attended a local state school from age 5, before moving on to King Edward's School in Edgbaston, Birmingham.  An early interest in chemistry was to prove the inspiration for studying the subject at the University of Birmingham in 1944.
<Norman_Eshley>	Norman Eshley (born 30 May 1945)[citation needed] is an English actor best known for his television roles.Eshley attended Bristol Grammar School and worked in a bank, before training as an actor at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School.[citation needed] He played many Shakespearean roles on stage. His first screen role was in the 1968 film The Immortal Story, directed by Orson Welles. He played a lead character, Steve, in Blind Terror (1971) and appeared in the Pete Walker horror film House of Mortal Sin in 1975.
<Ted_Chiang>	Ted Chiang (born 1967) is an American science fiction writer. His work has won four Nebula awards, four Hugo awards, the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer, and six Locus awards. His short story "Story of Your Life" was the basis of the film Arrival (2016). He was an artist in residence at the University of Notre Dame in 2020–2021.Ted Chiang was born in 1967 in Port Jefferson, New York. His Chinese name is Chiang Feng-nan (姜峯楠). Both of his parents were born in Mainland China and immigrated to Taiwan with their families during the Chinese Communist Revolution before emigrating to the United States. His father, Fu-pen Chiang, is a distinguished professor of mechanical engineering at Stony Brook University.Chiang graduated from Brown University with a computer science degree. 
<Culver_City,_California>	Culver City is a city in Los Angeles County, California, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 40,779. Founded in 1917 as a "whites only" sundown town, it is now an ethnically diverse city with what was called the "third-most diverse school district in California" in 2020.In the 1920s, the city became a center for film and later television production, best known as the home of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer studios. From 1932 to 1986, it was the headquarters for the Hughes Aircraft Company. National Public Radio West and Sony Pictures Entertainment have headquarters in the city. The city was named after its founder, Harry Culver. It is mostly surrounded by the city of Los Angeles, but also shares a border with the unincorporated area of Ladera Heights. Over the years, it has annexed more than 40 pieces of adjoining land and now comprises about five square miles (13 km2).Archaeological evidence suggests a human presence in the area of present-day Culver City since at least 8000 BC. The region was the homeland of the Tongva-Gabrieliño Native Americans. For centuries, native people lived in areas currently part of and surrounding Culver City. California's native people were massacred by waves of Spanish, Mexican and Euro-American invaders through a combination of slavery, disease, relocation, forced labor, imprisonment, broken treaties and a genocidal war of extermination, including paid bounties for dead "Indians".The Spanish and Mexican governments offered concessions and land grants from 1785 to 1846 forming the Ranchos of California. Culver City was founded on the lands of the former Rancho La Ballona and Rancho Rincon de los Bueyes. When Culver City was founded, native, Hispanic or Latino people were not allowed to buy property.
<University_of_Utah>	The University of Utah (U of U, UofU, or simply The U) is a public research university in Salt Lake City, Utah. It is the flagship institution of the Utah System of Higher Education. The university was established in 1850 as the University of Deseret (/ˌdɛzəˈrɛt/ (listen)) by the General Assembly of the provisional State of Deseret, making it Utah's oldest institution of higher education. It received its current name in 1892, four years before Utah attained statehood, and moved to its current location in 1900.As of Fall 2019, there were 24,485 undergraduate students and 8,333 graduate students, for an enrollment total of 32,818, making it the second largest public university in the state after Utah Valley University. Graduate studies include the S.J. Quinney College of Law and the School of Medicine, Utah's first medical school. It is a member of the Association of American Universities (AAU) and is classified among "R1: Doctoral Universities – Very high research activity". According to the National Science Foundation, the university received $552 million in research and development funding in 2018, ranking it 45th in the nation. In addition, the university's Honors College has been reviewed among 100 leading national Honors Colleges in the U.S. The university's health care system includes four hospitals, including the University of Utah Hospital and Huntsman Cancer Institute, along with twelve community clinics and specialty centers such as the Moran Eye Center. The university's athletic teams, the Utes, participate in NCAA Division I athletics (FBS for football) as a member of the Pac-12 Conference.
<Airport_(novel)>	Airport is a bestselling novel by British-Canadian writer Arthur Hailey. Published by Doubleday in 1968, the story concerns a large metropolitan airport and its operations during a severe winter storm.The story takes place at Lincoln International, a fictional Chicago airport based very loosely on O'Hare International Airport.
<Indiana_University_of_Pennsylvania>	Indiana University of Pennsylvania (IUP) is a public research university in Indiana County, Pennsylvania. As of fall 2021, the university enrolled 7,044 undergraduates and 1,865 postgraduates, for a total enrollment of 9,009 students. The university is 55 miles (89 km) northeast of Pittsburgh. It is governed by a local Council of Trustees and the Board of Governors of the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education. IUP has branch campuses at Punxsutawney, Northpointe, and Monroeville. IUP is accredited by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education.IUP was conceived as Indiana Normal School, first chartered in 1871 by Indiana County investors. The school was created under the Normal School Act, which passed the Pennsylvania General Assembly on May 20, 1875. Normal schools established under the act were to be private corporations in no way dependent upon the state treasury. They were to be "state" normal schools only in the sense of being officially recognized by the commonwealth.
<Peter_Amory>	Peter Amory (born  Peter Walton on 2 November 1964) is an English actor best known for playing the role of Chris Tate in ITV's soap opera Emmerdale. He was born in Norwich, Norfolk.He was married to actress Claire King, who played his stepmother Kim Tate, but the couple separated after ten years, they are however still good friends. He has a son, Thomas, from a previous relationship. He was good friends with his former on-screen sister Leah Bracknell (Zoe Tate).
<Gill_Dennis>	Gill Dennis (January 25, 1941 – May 13, 2015) was an American director and screenwriter.  He was the son of psychologist Wayne Dennis, author of "The Hopi Child."Dennis graduated from AFI Conservatory’s first class (in 1969), which also included Tom Rickman, Terrence Malick, David Lynch and Caleb Deschanel.His first wife was actress Elizabeth Hartman, whom he divorced in 1984. He died in Portland, Oregon, and is survived by his wife, Kristen Peckinpah Dennis, and two sons.
<Eiður_Guðjohnsen>	Eiður Smári Guðjohnsen (transliterated as Eidur Smari Gudjohnsen; born 15 September 1978) is an Icelandic professional football coach and former player who played as a forward. Eiður saw his greatest success in England and Spain with Chelsea and Barcelona respectively, where he won the UEFA Champions League and La Liga with the latter and the League Cup and Premiership twice with the former. Along with two spells at Bolton Wanderers fourteen years apart, he also played in Iceland, the Netherlands, France, Greece, Belgium, China and Norway in a club career lasting 22 years.Eiður is the son of Arnór Guðjohnsen, who was also an Icelandic international footballer. He made his full international debut for Iceland as a substitute for his father in 1996, and is the nation's joint top scorer of all time with 26 international goals in 88 caps between 1996 and 2016. He was the captain of the Iceland national team until Ólafur Jóhannesson took over the role of manager. He was part of their squad that reached the quarter-finals of UEFA Euro 2016, their first major tournament.
<Broken_April>	Broken April is a novel by Albanian author Ismail Kadare. Published in 1978, the book explores one of Kadare's recurring themes: how the past affects the present. The novel concerns about the centuries-old tradition of hospitality, blood feuds, and revenge killing in the highlands of north Albania in the 1930s.Gjorg Berisha, a 26-year-old Albanian man living on the country's high plateau, is forced to commit a murder under the laws of the Kanun to avenge his brother. As a result of this killing, his own death is sealed; he is to be killed by a member of the opposing family.
<Sinn_Bodhi>	Nicholas Cvjetkovich (Serbo-Croatian: Николас Цвјетковиђ, Nikolas Cvjetković; born August 29, 1973) is a Serbo-Canadian professional wrestler, best known for his stint in World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), where he worked on its SmackDown brand as Kizarny.  He currently works the independents as Sinn Bodhi.Cvjetkovich was trained as a wrestler by Rob Fuego and Ron Hutchison in Orangeville, Ontario and also trained for (and later earned) his black belt at Alex Atkinson's Black Belt Institute. His debut match was in 2000 against El Fuego during the Apocalypse Wrestling Federation's Iron Man Tournament at the Canadian National Exhibition. He remained with the AWF until February 2001. He also worked several dates for Scott D'Amore's Border City Wrestling promotion in Windsor, Ontario, using the name "Lucifer Love" (as AWF employees were not allowed to work for regional competitors, Cvjetkovich used a different ring name and gimmick so he would not be found out).
<Chazen_Museum_of_Art>	The Chazen Museum of Art is an art museum located at the University of Wisconsin–Madison in Madison, Wisconsin. The Chazen Museum of Art is accredited by the American Alliance of Museums.Until 2005, the Museum was known regularly as the Elvehjem Museum of Art, named after Conrad Elvehjem, the 13th president of the University of Wisconsin-Madison and an internationally known biochemist in nutrition. In May 2005, the museum was renamed the Chazen Museum of Art after a $20 million building-expansion donation from alumni Simona and Jerome A. Chazen, the latter being a founder of Liz Claiborne. The original museum building, which opened in 1970, retains the Elvehjem name.In 2015, the Chazens again made a substantial donation to the museum that included $5 million dedicated to the museum building, $3 million to endow chairs in art and art history at the University of Wisconsin, and 30 works of art valued at $20 million.
<Woodland_Hills,_Los_Angeles>	Woodland Hills is a neighborhood bordering the Santa Monica Mountains in the San Fernando Valley region of Los Angeles, California.Woodland Hills is in the southwestern region of the San Fernando Valley, which is located east of Calabasas and west of Tarzana. On the north it is bordered by West Hills, Canoga Park, Winnetka, and Reseda, and on the south by the Santa Monica Mountains.
<Warsaw>	Warsaw (Polish: Warszawa, [varˈʂava] (listen)), officially the Capital City of Warsaw, is the capital and largest city of Poland. The metropolis stands on the River Vistula in east-central Poland, and its population is officially estimated at 1.86 million residents within a greater metropolitan area of 3.1 million residents, which makes Warsaw the 7th most-populous city in the European Union. The city area measures 517 km2 (200 sq mi) and comprises 18 districts, while the metropolitan area covers 6,100 km2 (2,355 sq mi). Warsaw is an Alpha global city, a major cultural, political and economic hub, and the country's seat of government.Warsaw traces its origins to a small fishing town in Masovia. The city rose to prominence in the late 16th century, when Sigismund III decided to move the Polish capital and his royal court from Kraków. Warsaw served as the de facto capital of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth until 1795, and subsequently as the seat of Napoleon's Duchy of Warsaw. The 19th century and its Industrial Revolution brought a demographic boom which made it one of the largest and most densely-populated cities in Europe. Known then for its elegant architecture and boulevards, Warsaw was bombed and besieged at the start of World War II in 1939. Much of the historic city was destroyed and its diverse population decimated by the Ghetto Uprising in 1943, the general Warsaw Uprising in 1944 and systematic razing.
<Kirstie_Alley>	Kirstie Louise Alley (January 12, 1951 – December 5, 2022) was an American actress. Her breakout role was as Rebecca Howe in the NBC sitcom Cheers (1987–1993), for which she received an Emmy Award and a Golden Globe in 1991. From 1997 to 2000, she starred as the lead in the sitcom Veronica's Closet, earning additional Emmy and Golden Globe nominations. On film, she was perhaps best known for her role as Mollie Jensen in Look Who's Talking (1989) and its two sequels, Look Who's Talking Too (1990) and Look Who's Talking Now (1993).
<James_H._Cone>	James Hal Cone (August 5, 1938 – April 28, 2018) was an American theologian, best known for his advocacy of black theology and black liberation theology. His 1969 book Black Theology and Black Power provided a new way to comprehensively define the distinctiveness of theology in the black church. His message was that Black Power, defined as black people asserting the humanity that white supremacy denied, was the gospel in America. Jesus came to liberate the oppressed, advocating the same thing as Black Power. He argued that white American churches preached a gospel based on white supremacy, antithetical to the gospel of Jesus. Cone's work was influential from the time of the book's publication, and his work remains influential today. His work has been both used and critiqued inside and outside the African-American theological community. He was the Charles Augustus Briggs Distinguished Professor of Systematic Theology at Columbia University-affiliated Union Theological Seminary until his death.Cone was born on August 5, 1938, in Fordyce, Arkansas, and grew up in the racially segregated town of Bearden, Arkansas. He and his family attended Macedonia African Methodist Episcopal Church. He attended Shorter College (1954–1956), a small AME Church junior college, before receiving a Bachelor of Arts degree from Philander Smith College in 1958, where he was mentored by James and Alice Boyack. In his 2018 memoir Said I Wasn't Gonna Tell Nobody, Cone wrote that they were the first whites he met who respected his humanity. Although he had decided against parish ministry, their advice led him to obtain a Bachelor of Divinity degree from Garrett–Evangelical Theological Seminary in 1961, and Master of Arts and Doctor of Philosophy degrees from Northwestern University in 1963 and 1965, respectively. He was shocked to learn that most northern whites would not treat him with respect like the Boyacks. Yet he was excited to learn of unfamiliar theologians, controversies and biblical study methodologies. At the urging of and with support from the white theologian William Hordern at Garrett he applied and gained acceptance into the doctoral program in theology.
<Jerry_Seelen>	Jerome Lincoln Seelen (March 11, 1912 - September 12, 1981) was an American screenwriter and lyricist .Jerry Seelen wrote lyrics for songs in musical films and wrote screenplays for radio and television.
<Theodore_R._Kupferman>	Theodore Roosevelt Kupferman (May 12, 1920 – September 23, 2003) was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from New York and a judge of the New York Supreme Court.Kupferman was born in New York City. He graduated from DeWitt Clinton High School (1937), City College of New York (1940), and Columbia Law School (1943).He was a member of the legal department of Warner Bros. Pictures from 1943 until 1948 and from 1949 until 1951. He was a member of NBC's legal department from 1951 until 1953. He served as president of the City Club of New York from 1956 to 1958. He was a counsel and legislative assistant to Stanley M. Isaacs, the New York City Council minority leader, from 1958 to 1962, during which time he wrote The Family Legal Advisor (Greystone, 1957); it was later republished by Ace Books. Kupferman was an assistant and adjunct professor of law at New York Law School from 1959 until 1964.
<Uhura's_Song>	Uhura's Song is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Janet Kagan published in 1985. Kagan was asked to produce an outline by editor David G. Hartwell, after he read the manuscript of her novel Hellspark. She was unfamiliar with Star Trek and needed to research the series whilst writing Uhura's Song. She subsequently proposed two sequels, but they went unwritten as they featured original characters introduced in Uhura's Song.Lt. Uhura's friendship with a cat-like diplomat from Eeiauo becomes vital when a plague threatens the population. The songs they shared are key to the cure. When the plague begins to infect humans starting with Dr. McCoy, the crew of the Enterprise must work to decipher the songs and cure the plague.Janet Kagan was first introduced to Star Trek: The Original Series by her younger brother during the original run of the show. She was invited to submit a proposal for a Star Trek novel by David G. Hartwell, to whom she had submitted her novel Hellspark in his capacity as editor of Pocket Books' original-SF line Timescape; though Hartwell liked the novel, Timescape did not accept novels from previously-unpublished authors – but the Star Trek line did, and Hartwell suggested it as an avenue for qualifying as a published author. (Hellspark was ultimately released in 1988 by Tor Books, to which Hartwell had moved on in the meantime.) At the time she had not seen an episode of the show for some seventeen years. She researched the series, and due to it being shown in broadcast syndication, she was able to record late-night re-runs using her videocassette recorder. She had committed to provide a ten-page outline plus a thirty-page sample to Hartwell within a week, and whilst watching the recorded episodes, she realised that Uhura had not been featured prominently and that Nichelle Nichols had never been given any memorable lines.
<Elliot_See>	Elliot McKay See Jr. (July 23, 1927 – February 28, 1966) was an American engineer, naval aviator, test pilot and NASA astronaut.
<Florence_Gilbert>	Florence Gilbert (born Florence Ella Gleistein; February 20, 1904 – February 27, 1991) was an American silent film actress of the 1920s. She was renowned for playing supporting roles alongside such actors as William Fairbanks and Jack Hoxie. Florence Ella Gleistein was born to George Gleistein and Maude Kern in Chicago, Illinois, where she grew up before moving to Los Angeles at the age of 14 (c. 1918) with her brother and mother in the hopes of discovering a career in the film industry. It was in Los Angeles that she was spotted by Italian actor, director and producer Monty Banks. In Hollywood she worked for Al Christie and Fox Studios under the stage name of "Florence Gilbert," making over 50 film appearances from the 1920s onward, including the first time Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy appeared together on film, in The Lucky Dog (1921).
<Subaru_Legacy_(second_generation)>	2.0 L DOHC 150 hp (110 kW) EJ20 H42.2 L SOHC 137 hp (102 kW) EJ22  H42.5 L DOHC 165 hp (123 kW) EJ25  H4The second-generation Subaru Legacy was marketed in Japan from October 1993, and July 1994 marked the second generation in North America with a full body and chassis revision. The exterior was designed by Olivier Boulay in 1991, during his tenure at Subaru. The tail light appearance on both the sedan and wagon was influenced by the taillights on the SVX.The North American Legacy Outback wagon was released in July 1994 and FWD was standard from 1994 to 1995. AWD was first offered in 1995 and was so popular that in 1996, Subaru decided to make AWD standard equipment in all vehicles produced for the North American market from that year to today's current date, excluding the Subaru BRZ.
<People's_Party_(Spain)>	The People's Party (Spanish: Partido Popular [paɾˈtiðo popuˈlaɾ] (listen); known mostly by its acronym, PP [peˈpe]) is a conservative and Christian-democratic political party in Spain.The People's Party was a 1989 re-foundation of People's Alliance (AP), a party led by former minister of the dictatorship Manuel Fraga and founded back in 1976 as alliance of post-Francoist proto-parties. The new party combined the conservative AP with several small Christian democratic and liberal parties (the party call this fusion of views "the Reformist Centre"). In 2002, Manuel Fraga received the honorary title of "Founding Chairman". The party's youth organization is New Generations of the People's Party of Spain (NNGG).
<Friedrich_Franz,_Hereditary_Grand_Duke_of_Mecklenburg-Schwerin>	Friedrich Franz, Hereditary Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin (German: Friedrich Franz Erbgroßherzog von Mecklenburg-Schwerin; 22 April 1910 – 31 July 2001) was the heir apparent to the throne of Mecklenburg-Schwerin and a member of the Waffen-SS.He was born in Schwerin, the eldest child of the reigning Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, Frederick Francis IV, and his wife Princess Alexandra of Hanover, a daughter of Crown Prince Ernest Augustus of Hanover (a first-cousin once removed of Queen Victoria) and Princess Thyra of Denmark, the youngest daughter of King Christian IX of Denmark. Following the defeat of the German Empire in World War I, his father abdicated on 14 November 1918. He did not succeed to the throne, as the Grand Duchy was replaced with the Free State of Mecklenburg-Schwerin.Upon the promulgation of the Weimar Constitution on 11 August 1919, altogether then abolished were titles of sovereigns, such as emperor/empress, king/queen, grand duke/grand duchess, etc. However, former titles shared and inherited by all members of the family were retained but incorporated into the surname. He therefore became known as Friedrich Franz Herzog von Mecklenburg-Schwerin (or Friedrich Franz, The Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin) de facto since the establishment of the Free State of Mecklenburg-Schwerin.
<RCD_Espanyol_B>	Reial Club Deportiu Espanyol de Barcelona "B" is the reserve team of the RCD Espanyol, club based in Barcelona, in the autonomous community of Catalonia. The team was founded in 1991 and plays in the Segunda Federación – Group 3, holding home matches at the 3,000-seat capacity Ciutat Esportiva Dani Jarque.Unlike the English League, reserve teams in Spain play in the same football pyramid as their senior team rather than a separate league. However, reserve teams cannot play in the same division as their senior team and are no longer able  to compete in the Copa del Rey.
<Dorothy_Hodgkin>	Dorothy Mary Crowfoot Hodgkin OM FRS HonFRSC (née Crowfoot; 12 May 1910 – 29 July 1994) was a Nobel Prize-winning British chemist who advanced the technique of X-ray crystallography to determine the structure of biomolecules, which became essential for structural biology.Among her most influential discoveries are the confirmation of the structure of penicillin as previously surmised by Edward Abraham and Ernst Boris Chain; and the structure of vitamin B12, for which in 1964 she became the third woman to win the Nobel Prize in Chemistry. Hodgkin also elucidated the structure of insulin in 1969 after 35 years of work.
<Tottenham_Hotspur_F.C.>	Tottenham Hotspur Football Club, commonly referred to as Tottenham (/ˈtɒtənəm/) or Spurs, is a professional football club based in Tottenham, London, England. It competes in the Premier League, the top flight of English football. The team has played its home matches in the 62,850-capacity Tottenham Hotspur Stadium since April 2019, replacing their former home of White Hart Lane, which had been demolished to make way for the new stadium on the same site.Founded in 1882, Tottenham's emblem is a cockerel standing upon a football, with the Latin motto Audere est Facere ("to dare is to do"). The club has traditionally worn white shirts and navy blue shorts home kit since the 1898–99 season. Their training ground is on Hotspur Way in Bulls Cross, Enfield. After its inception, Tottenham won the FA Cup for the first time in 1901, the only non-League club to do so since the formation of the Football League in 1888. Tottenham were the first club in the 20th century to achieve the League and FA Cup Double, winning both competitions in the 1960–61 season. After successfully defending the FA Cup in 1962, in 1963 they became the first British club to win a UEFA club competition – the European Cup Winners' Cup. They were also the inaugural winners of the UEFA Cup in 1972, becoming the first British club to win two different major European trophies. They collected at least one major trophy in each of the six decades from the 1950s to 2000s – an achievement only matched by Manchester United.
<Alice_in_Wonderland_(1951_film)>	Alice in Wonderland is a 1951 American animated musical fantasy comedy film produced by Walt Disney Productions and based on the Alice books by Lewis Carroll. The thirteenth release of Disney's animated features, the film premiered in London on July 26, 1951, and in New York City on July 28, 1951. It features the voices of Kathryn Beaumont as Alice, Sterling Holloway as the Cheshire Cat, Verna Felton as the Queen of Hearts, and Ed Wynn as the Mad Hatter. Walt Disney first tried to adapt Alice into a feature-length animated film in the 1930s and revived the idea in the 1940s. The film was originally intended to be a live-action/animated film, but Disney decided it would be a fully animated film.Alice in Wonderland was considered a disappointment on its initial release, therefore was shown on television as one of the first episodes of Disneyland. Its 1974 re-release in theaters proved to be much more successful, leading to subsequent re-releases, merchandising and home video releases. Although the film received generally negative critical reviews on its initial release, it has been more positively reviewed over the years.
<Walter_Roper_Lawrence>	Sir Walter Roper Lawrence, 1st Baronet, GCIE GCVO CB (9 February 1857 – 25 May 1940) was a member of the  British Council of India and an English author who served in the Indian Civil Service under the British in India and wrote travelogues based on his experiences of travelling around the Indian Subcontinent. Over the course of his wanderings, he developed a close affinity with the Indian and Kashmiri people, who figure prominently in his work. His best-known books are The Valley of Kashmir (1895) and The India we Served (1929).Walter Roper Lawrence was born on 9 February 1857 at his home town Moreton-on-Lugg, Herefordshire, England, the son of George Lawrence and Catherine Lewis. He married Lilian Gertrude James on 18 March 1885.
<Ben_Lyon>	Ben Lyon (February 6, 1901 – March 22, 1979) was an American film actor and a studio executive at 20th Century-Fox who later acted in British radio, films and TV.Lyon was born in Atlanta, Georgia, the son of Alvine W. (Wiseberg) and Ben Lyon, a travelling salesman. His family was Jewish. Lyon entered films in 1918 after a successful appearance on Broadway opposite Jeanne Eagels. He attracted attention in the highly successful film Flaming Youth (1923) and steadily developed into a leading man. He was successfully paired with some of the leading actresses of the silent era, including Pola Negri, Gloria Swanson, Colleen Moore, Barbara La Marr, Viola Dana, Anna Q. Nilsson, Mary Astor and Blanche Sweet. In 1925, a writer for Photoplay wrote of him, "Girls, Ben Lyon looks harmless but we have reliable information that he's irresistible, so watch your step. Besides he's a mighty fine actor and if the ladies must fall in love with him he can't help it."
<ABS-CBN>	ABS-CBN (an initialism of its two predecessors' names, Alto Broadcasting System and Chronicle Broadcasting Network) is a Philippine commercial broadcast network that serves as the flagship property of ABS-CBN Corporation, a company under Lopez Holdings Corporation owned by the López family. The network is headquartered at the ELJ Communications Center and ABS-CBN Broadcasting Center in Quezon City, with additional offices and production facilities in 25 major cities including Baguio, Naga, Bacolod, Iloilo, Cebu, Davao, and Bulacan, where ABS-CBN's production and post-production facility in Horizon IT Park is located. ABS-CBN is colloquially referred to as the Kapamilya Network; the branding was originally introduced in 1999 and was officially introduced in 2003 during the celebration of its 50th anniversary and was used until its May 5, 2020 shutdown when the network's branding changed to Kapamilya Forever in support for the network's franchise renewal on May 13, 2020. ABS-CBN is the largest media company in the country and oldest television broadcaster in Southeast Asia.
<The_Wild_Duck>	The Wild Duck (original Norwegian title: Vildanden) is an 1884 play by the Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen.  It is considered the first modern masterpiece in the genre of tragicomedy. The Wild Duck and Rosmersholm are "often to be observed in the critics' estimates vying with each other as rivals for the top place among Ibsen's works."The first act opens with a dinner party hosted by Håkon Werle, a wealthy merchant and industrialist. The gathering is attended by his son, Gregers Werle, who has just returned to his father's home following a self-imposed exile. There, he learns the fate of a former classmate, Hjalmar Ekdal. Hjalmar married Gina, a young servant in the Werle household. The older Werle had arranged the match by providing Hjalmar with a home and profession as a photographer. Gregers, whose mother died believing that Gina and Håkon had carried on an affair, becomes enraged at the thought that his old friend is living a life built on a lie.The remaining four acts take place in Hjalmar Ekdal's apartments. The Ekdals initially appear to be living a life of cozy domesticity. Hjalmar's father makes a living doing odd copying jobs for Werle. Hjalmar runs a portrait studio out of the apartment. Gina helps him run the business in addition to keeping house. They both dote on their daughter Hedvig. Gregers travels directly to their home from the party. While getting acquainted with the family, Hjalmar confesses that Hedvig is both his greatest joy and greatest sorrow, because she is slowly losing her eyesight. The family eagerly reveals a loft in the apartment where they keep various animals like rabbits and pigeons. Most prized is the wild duck they rescued. The duck was wounded by none other than Werle, whose eyesight is also failing. His shot winged the duck, which dived to the bottom of the lake to drown itself by clinging to the seaweed. Werle's dog retrieved it though, and despite its wounds from the shot and the dog's teeth, the Ekdals had nursed the duck back to good health.
<Vic_Sotto>	Marvic Valentin Castelo Sotto (Tagalog pronunciation: [ˈsɔtɔ]; born April 28, 1954), professionally known as Vic Sotto, is a Filipino actor, singer and comedian known far and wide for his various television and film projects on the major Philippine television networks GMA, TV5, and ABS-CBN. He is one of three pioneer hosts of Eat Bulaga!, which is the longest-running Philippine noontime variety show. Sotto is also a veteran actor and host in the entertainment industry.He owns the film and TV production company M-Zet Productions. Sotto won four consecutive titles for Philippine Box Office King from 2004 to 2006 awarded by the Guillermo Mendoza Memorial Scholarship Foundation Awards, and received three nominations for Best Actor at the Metro Manila Film Festival.
<Franca_Rame>	Franca Rame (18 July 1929 – 29 May 2013) was an Italian theatre actress, playwright and political activist. She was married to Nobel laureate playwright Dario Fo and is the mother of writer Jacopo Fo. Fo dedicated his Nobel Prize to her.Franca Rame was born in Parabiago, Lombardy, in 1929, into a family with a long theatre tradition. She made her theatrical debut in 1951. Shortly thereafter, she met Dario Fo, whom she married in 1954. Their son, Jacopo was born on 31 March 1955. In 1958, she co-founded the Dario Fo–Franca Rame Theatre Company in Milan, with Fo as the director and writer, and Rame the leading actress and administrator.
<William_Barclay_Parsons>	William Barclay Parsons (April 15, 1859 – May 9, 1932) was an American civil engineer. He founded Parsons Brinckerhoff, one of the largest American civil engineering firms.Parsons was the son of William Barclay Parsons (1828–1887) and Eliza Glass Livingston Parsons (1831–1922).  His siblings included Schuyler (1852–1917), Harry (1862–1935), and George (1863–1939). His maternal grandparents were Ann Eliza (née Hosie) Livingston (1805–1838) and Schuyler Livingston (1804–1861), a descendant of Walter Livingston who ran a line of clipper ships from the New York harbor named Barclay & Livingston.  His paternal grandparents were William Burrington Parsons (1794–1869) and Anne Barclay Parsons (1788–1869). He was the great-grandson of Henry Barclay, second Rector of Trinity Church in Manhattan.
<The_Blancheville_Monster>	The Blancheville Monster, released in the UK and Italy as Horror, is a 1963 horror film  directed by Alberto de Martino. The film's script by Gianni Grimaldi and Bruno Corbucci is promoted as being based on the works of Edgar Allan Poe, but actually only borrows elements from the short stories "The Fall of the House of Usher", "A Tale of the Ragged Mountains" and "Some Words with a Mummy". Long after its release, director Alberto de Martino described his film as "a little film of no importance".Emilie De Blancheville returns to her family's castle and finds things have drastically changed. Her brother Roderic is now in charge of the estate. The servants have all died and been replaced by new staff members who are cold and unfamiliar. Her father, Count Blancheville, has been horribly disfigured and lives secluded in one of the castle's isolated towers. The Count believes the Blanchevilles are under a family curse, which can only be lifted if Emilie dies before her 21st birthday, five days away. When the Count escapes from the tower, Emily realizes her life is in danger.Spanish sources for the production credit Natividad Zaro as a contributor to the script. As with many European co-productions of the era, this was done for tax reasons. Italian promotional material for the film promoted it as a product based on an Edgar Allan Poe story, but the film only borrows elements from "The Fall of the House of Usher", "A Tale of the Ragged Mountains" and "Some Words with a Mummy". The film's style is closer to that of a Roger Corman film rather than the Italian gothic horror films of era. Director Alberto de Martino felt he was more inspired by Alfred Hitchcock.
<Gilbert_Melville_Grosvenor>	Gilbert Melville Grosvenor (born May 5, 1931) is the former president and chairman of the National Geographic Society, who previously served as the editor of National Geographic magazine. Now largely retired, Grosvenor and his wife Wiley live in Virginia.Born in Washington, D.C., Grosvenor is the son of Melville Bell Grosvenor and the great-grandson of Alexander Graham Bell. He received a B.A. in psychology from Yale University in 1954. Between his junior and senior years, he volunteered in the Netherlands in efforts to recover from the North Sea flood of 1953 and co-authored an article that was published in the National Geographic. "Although I'm not sure I realized it at the time, it changed my life," Grosvenor recently recalled. "I discovered the power of journalism. And that's what we are all about—recording those chronicles of planet Earth." He subsequently joined the staff of the magazine as a picture editor.In 1970, Grosvenor assumed the position of editor of National Geographic Magazine. He served as editor until 1980, when he became president of the National Geographic Society, additionally becoming chairman of the board of trustees (on which he served from 1966 to 2014) in 1987. He retired as president in 1996 and chairman in 2011, since which time he has served as an honorary director of The Explorers Club.
<Hilary_Beckles>	Sir Hilary McDonald Beckles KA (born 11 August 1955) is a Barbadian historian. He is the current vice-chancellor of the University of the West Indies (UWI) and chairman of the CARICOM Reparations Commission.Educated at the University of Hull in England, Beckles began his academic career at UWI, and was granted a personal professorship at the age of 37, becoming the youngest in the university's history. He was named pro-vice-chancellor and chairman of UWI's Board for Undergraduate Studies in 1998, and in 2002 was named principal of the university's Cave Hill campus. Although his focus has mainly been on Afro-Caribbean history, especially the economic and social impacts of colonialism and the Atlantic slave trade, Beckles has also had a longstanding involvement with West Indian cricket, and has previously served on the board of the West Indies Cricket Board (WICB).
<Ian_Messiter>	Ian Cassan Messiter (2 April 1920 – 22 November 1999) was a BBC Radio producer and the creator of a number of panel games, including Just a Minute, Dealing With Daniels and Many a Slip. Messiter brought the successful twenty questions format to BBC Radio and was programme associate for Family Fortunes. Messiter was born in Dudley, Worcestershire, and educated at Winton House School, near Winchester, and Sherborne School in Dorset.In his autobiography, My Life and Other Games (1990), Ian Messiter described how an incident during a history lesson at Sherborne School became the inspiration for the Just a Minute radio panel-game.
<Miss_Rumphius>	Miss Rumphius is a picture book for children written and illustrated by Barbara Cooney and first published by Viking Books in 1982. It features the life story of fictional Miss Alice Rumphius, a woman who sought a way to make the world more beautiful and found it in planting lupines in the wild. Miss Rumphius was inspired by the real life "Lupine Lady," Hilda Hamlin, who spread lupine seeds along the Maine coast, as well as Cooney's own experiences traveling the world.Cooney and William Steig (Doctor De Soto) shared the 1983 National Book Award for Children's Books in the hardcover Picture Books category. Based on a 2007 online poll, the National Education Association listed the book as one of its "Teachers' Top 100 Books for Children." In 2012 it was ranked number 13 among the "Top 100 Picture Books" in a survey published by School Library Journal. The Lupine Award of the Maine Library Association is named in honor of this book, as is the New Jersey Center for the Book's Miss Rumphius Award given to librarians and teachers who develop creative activities to support literacy education.The book opens with the narrator telling readers about a little old woman nicknamed "The Lupine Lady" who "lives in a small house overlooking the sea." The story of her Great Aunt, Miss Rumphius, begins to unfold, starting when her aunt was just a little girl named Alice.
<Mind's_Eye_Productions>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Greene_King>	Greene King is a large pub retailer and brewer. It is based in Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk, England. The company owns pubs, restaurants and hotels. It was listed on the London Stock Exchange until it was acquired by CK Assets in October 2019.The brewery was founded by Benjamin Greene in Bury St. Edmunds in 1799. In Richard Wilson's biographical analysis of the Greene family, he credits various family members for being able to achieve distinction in the worlds of business and banking, literature (Graham Greene, for example) and broadcasting in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries.'
<Domenico_Merlini>	Domenico Merlini (Polish: Dominik Merlini) (22 February 1730 – 20 February 1797) was an Italian-Polish architect whose work was mostly in the classical style.From 1750 till his death, Merlini lived in Poland. In 1768, he became a nobleman and later in 1773 the Royal Architect. He is most famous for his Royal Baths Park in Warsaw.He built a number of public and private buildings in Warsaw and other Polish cities, often in collaboration with Jan Chrystian Kamsetzer and Johann Christian Schuch. His style is typical of the Polish classicism in Warsaw in the era of Stanisław August Poniatowski. Merlini was partly influenced by Palladio and carried some late-baroque elements in his work, such as the abundant use of gold.
<Imperial_Prize_of_the_Japan_Academy>	The Imperial Prize of the Japan Academy (恩賜賞, onshishō) is a prestigious honor conferred to two of the recipients of the Japan Academy Prize.It is awarded in two categories: humanities and natural sciences. The Emperor and Empress visit the awarding ceremony and present a vase to the awardees.
<WCFL_(AM)>	WMVP (1000 AM) is a commercial radio station licensed to Chicago, Illinois, carrying a sports format. Owned by Good Karma Brands, the station serves the Chicago metro area as the market affiliate of ESPN Radio, the flagship station of the Chicago White Sox and the Chicago Wolves (the AHL affiliate of the NHL's Carolina Hurricanes) and is the home of local personalities David Kaplan, Tom Waddle and John Jurkovic. Formerly an ESPN Radio owned-and-operated station, WMVP's studios are co-located with WLS-TV in the Chicago Loop while the transmitter is located in Downers Grove. In addition to a standard analog transmission, WMVP is simulcast over the second HD subchannel of WSHE-FM and is available online.From 1926 to 1987, 1000 AM was WCFL, the radio voice of the Chicago Federation of Labor. WMVP is a Class A radio station, broadcasting at 50,000 watts, the maximum power for commercial AM stations. It shares 1000 AM, a clear channel frequency, with KNWN in Seattle and XEOY in Mexico City. WMVP uses a directional antenna to avoid interfering with those other stations. WMVP's powerful nighttime signal allows it to be heard by listeners around the Midwestern United States and Central Canada. In 1922, the American Federation of Labor began discussions regarding owning and operating its own radio station. By 1925, the AFL decided not to enter the broadcasting business but to purchase time for organized labor's message on commercially operated radio. The dream stayed alive with the Chicago Federation of Labor, who believed having an owned and operated radio station would be an effective way to spread its message. In 1924, the Federation gave its approval to work toward establishing a radio station. The original plan for WCFL called for it to be a non-commercial station, operating on the support of its listeners; in a sense it was one of the first large-scale efforts at public radio. Spearheading the drive to make WCFL a reality was the Federation's Secretary, Edward Nockels; without his efforts, there would have been no radio station at all.
<Carol_Haney>	Carol Haney (born Carolyn Haney; December 24, 1924 – May 10, 1964) was an American dancer and actress. After assisting Gene Kelly in choreographing films, Haney won a Tony Award for her role in Broadway's The Pajama Game, while later work as a stage choreographer earned her three Tony nominations.Haney was born in New Bedford, Massachusetts, to Norman Vincent Haney (1899-1990), a bank teller, and his Danish-born wife, Ellen (née  Christensen) Haney (1900-1952). She had an older sister, Mrs. Miriam Woodcock (1922-1961). She began to dance at age five and opened a dancing school in her teens.
<Patricia_Kalember>	Patricia Kathryn Kalember (born December 30, 1956) is an American actress, best known for her role as Georgiana "Georgie" Reed Whitsig in the NBC drama series, Sisters (1991–1996). Kalember also had the leading roles in the number of television films, co-starred in the feature films, including Fletch Lives (1989), Jacob's Ladder (1990), A Far Off Place (1993), Signs (2002), The Company Men (2010), and Limitless (2011), and recurring roles in thirtysomething (1989–1991) and Law & Order: Special Victims Unit (2004–2010).Kalember was born in Schenectady, New York, the daughter of Vivian Daisy (née Wright) and Robert James Kalember. She was raised in Westport, Connecticut, and Louisville, Kentucky. She received her BA in Theater from Indiana University and a MFA from Temple University. Kalember has been married to British actor Daniel Gerroll since 1986. They have three children. She was previously married to Mark Torres, an actor.Kalember made her television debut in 1981, on the daytime soap opera Texas. She later was a regular cast member on Loving. She was nominated for an Outer Critics Circle Award for her  performance in the play The Foreigner (1986). In 1986, she had the leading role in the short-lived CBS drama series, Kay O'Brien. She also starred alongside Tim Matheson in the short-lived ABC sitcom Just in Time (1988). From 1989 to 1991, she appeared in a recurring role on thirtysomething.
<Sidney_Harman>	Sidney Harman (August 4, 1918 – April 12, 2011) was a Canadian-born American engineer and businessman active in education, government, industry, and publishing. He was the Chairman Emeritus of Harman International Industries, Inc. A co-founder of Harman Kardon, he also served as the U.S. Under Secretary of Commerce in 1977 and 1978. Late in his life, Harman was also the publisher of Newsweek, having purchased the magazine for one dollar in 2010.Harman was born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada and raised in New York City. Harman's father worked at a hearing aid company in New York.After graduating with a physics degree, Sidney's first job was at the David Bogen Company as an engineer. His boss was Bernard Kardon, and roughly thirteen years later each invested $5,000 to make the Festival D1000, the world's first integrated hi-fi receiver. Harman and Kardon founded Harman Kardon in 1953. He was known for the quality of working life programs that he initiated at the company’s plants, especially for the program at Bolivar, Tennessee, which had some short-lived success and has become a model for such activities in American industry and a principal case study at business schools in the United States and abroad.  Harman had written on productivity, quality of working life and economic policy, and was co-author, with Daniel Yankelovich, of Starting With the People, published by Houghton Mifflin in 1988.
<Donna_Dixon>	Donna Lynn Dixon is an American film and television actress, best known for playing Sonny Lumet in the TV series Bosom Buddies (1980-1982).Dixon was born in Alexandria, Virginia, to Earl Dixon.  Her father owned a nightclub in Lorton, Virginia, on U.S. 1 called Hillbilly Heaven.
<Boot_File_System>	The Boot File System (named BFS on Linux, but BFS also refers to the Be File System) was used on UnixWare to store files necessary to its boot process.It does not support directories, and only allows contiguous allocation for files, to make it simpler to be used by the boot loader.Besides the UnixWare support, Martin Hinner wrote a bfs kernel module for Linux that supports it.
<Robert_M._T._Hunter>	Robert Mercer Taliaferro Hunter (April 21, 1809 – July 18, 1887) was an American lawyer, politician and planter. He was a U.S. representative (1837–1843, 1845–1847), speaker of the House (1839–1841), and U.S. senator (1847–1861). During the American Civil War, Hunter became the Confederate States Secretary of State (1861–1862) and then a Confederate senator (1862–1865) and critic of President Jefferson Davis. After the war, Hunter failed to win re-election to the U.S. Senate, but did serve as the treasurer of Virginia (1874–1880) before retiring to his farm. After fellow Democrat Grover Cleveland was elected President of the United States in 1884, Hunter became the customs collector for the port of Tappahannock until his death.Born at the "Mount Pleasant" plantation near Loretto, Essex County, Virginia, to James Hunter (1774-1826) and his wife Maria (Garnett) Hunter (1777-1811), R.M.T. Hunter was descended from the First Families of Virginia. His mother's father, Henry Garnett was one of the county's largest landowners, her brother James M. Garnett was the U.S. Congressman representing the area (and her other brother Robert S. Garnett would be within a decade). However, Maria Hunter died shortly after giving birth to William Garnett Hunter (1811-1829), when Robert M. T. Hunter was two years old, and shortly after one of his slightly elder brothers, also William Hunter, died at age 5. Educated first by private tutors, R. M. T. Hunter entered the University of Virginia when he was 17, shortly after his father's death, and became one of its first graduates.  While a student, Hunter became a member of the Jefferson Literary and Debating Society, then studied law at the Winchester Law School.Several generations of Hunter's family owned a considerable number of slaves, most used to farm their plantations. In 1830, R.M.T. Hunter owned 72 slaves (44 males and 26 females), and his household consisted of two white males (presumably him and an overseer). A decade later, following his marriage, R. M. T. Hunter's household included himself, two young white males (presumably one his eldest son) and five white females, as well as 83 slaves. In 1850, R. M. T. Hunter of Essex County, Virginia, owned at least 100 slaves. In the 1860 U.S. Federal census for Essex County, Virginia, U.S. Senator Hunter owned real estate worth $80,890 and personal property (including slaves) worth $92,800. The federal lists of slaves owned by R. M. T. Hunter nearly fill the majority of two pages (more than 120 persons).
<Harry_Harris_(geneticist)>	Harry Harris FRS, FCRP (30 September 1919 – 17 July 1994.), was a British-born biochemist.  His work showed that human genetic variation was not rare and disease-causing but instead was common and usually harmless.  He was the first to demonstrate, with biochemical tests, that with the exception of identical twins we are all different at the genetic level. This work paved the way for many well-known genetic concepts and procedures such as DNA fingerprinting, the prenatal diagnosis of disorders using genetic markers, the extensive heterogeneity of inherited diseases, and the mapping of human genes to chromosomesBorn in Manchester, Harris attended Manchester Grammar School before continuing his education at Trinity College, Cambridge and Manchester Royal Infirmary, where he received a Bachelor of Arts (1941), a Bachelor of Medicine (1943), a Master of Arts (1946) (for "The Aetiology of Premature Baldness") and a Doctorate in Medicine (1949).
<Robert_Keable>	Robert Keable (6 March 1887 – 22 December 1927) was a British novelist, formerly a missionary and priest in the Church of England. He resigned his ministry following his experiences in the First World War and caused a scandal with his 1921 novel Simon Called Peter, the tale of a priest's wartime affair with a young nurse. The book sold 600,000 copies in the 1920s alone, was referenced in The Great Gatsby, and was cited in a double murder investigation. Fêted in the United States, but critically less than well-received, Keable moved to Tahiti where he continued to write, producing both novels and theological works, until his death at age 40 of kidney disease.Keable was raised in Bedfordshire and educated at Magdalene College, Cambridge. He entered a theological college after graduation and was ordained a priest in 1911. He spent the next several years as a missionary in Africa, stationed on Zanzibar and in Basutoland, before returning to Europe as an army chaplain during the First World War. There, he met and began a relationship with a young nurse, Grace Eileen Joly Beresford Buck, a development over which he eventually quit the Church of England and left his wife, Sybil. Returning to England after the war, Keable resigned his ministry and began to write novels: his first, 1921's Simon Called Peter, became a runaway success and launched Keable into a life of literary celebrity. Increasingly disillusioned with the hypocrisies he saw in contemporary British life, he and Buck left Europe for Tahiti in 1922. The couple lived there happily until Buck's death in childbirth in 1924, after which Keable's health began to fade. He nonetheless began a later relationship with a Tahitian woman, Ina, with whom he had a son, and continued to publish novels until his death of a kidney condition in 1927.
<McGraw-Hill_Education>	McGraw Hill is an American educational publishing company and one of the "big three" educational publishers that publishes educational content, software, and services for pre-K through postgraduate education. The company also publishes reference and trade publications for the medical, business, and engineering professions. McGraw Hill operates in 28 countries, has about 4,000 employees globally, and offers products and services to about 140 countries in about 60 languages. Formerly a division of The McGraw Hill Companies (later renamed McGraw Hill Financial, now S&P Global), McGraw Hill Education was divested and acquired by Apollo Global Management in March 2013 for $2.4 billion in cash. McGraw Hill was sold in 2021 to Platinum Equity for $4.5 billion.McGraw Hill was founded in 1888 when James H. McGraw, co-founder of the company, purchased the American Journal of Railway Appliances. He continued to add further publications, eventually establishing The McGraw Publishing Company in 1899. His co-founder, John A. Hill, had also produced several technical and trade publications and in 1902 formed his own business, The Hill Publishing Company.
<Jefferson_Kaye>	Martin Jeff Krimski, known by the stage names Jefferson Kaye and Jeff Kaye (December 12, 1936 – November 16, 2012) was an American radio, television and film announcer. Among his credits were announcing gigs at WHIM and WRIB in Providence, Rhode Island; WBZ in Boston, Massachusetts; WKBW and WBEN in Buffalo, New York; WPVI in Philadelphia; and NFL Films.Kaye was born in Baltimore, Maryland. He served in the US Air Force during the Korean War and was stationed in Morocco where he met his wife Suzanne in 1958.Kaye began his radio career in Providence in the late 1950s, where Krimski became "Jeff Krimm," then "JK the DJ" on WHIM (1110) and WRIB (1220-AM). By 1961, he had caught the attention of  WBZ (AM-1030) station executives, who brought him on as part of the Westinghouse Broadcasting-owned station's transition from the middle-of-the-road "Live Five" to a more aggressive top-40 music programming format.
<Harry_Weese>	Harry Mohr Weese (June 30, 1915 – October 29, 1998) was an American architect who had an important role in 20th century modernism and historic preservation. His brother, Ben Weese, is also a renowned architect.Harry Mohr Weese was born on June 30, 1915 in Evanston, Illinois as the first son of Harry E. and Marjorie Weese. His father was an Episcopalian, and his mother was a Presbyterian. In 1919, the family moved to a house in Kenilworth, Illinois, where Harry would be raised. Weese was enrolled in the progressive Joseph Sears School in 1919. By 1925, Weese decided that he wanted to be either an artist or an architect.After graduating from New Trier High School, Weese enrolled at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1933 to earn a Bachelor in Architecture degree. Weese also took architecture classes at Yale University starting in 1936. Weese studied under Alvar Aalto at MIT, and fraternized with classmates I.M. Pei and Eero Saarinen. As his schooling was at the height of the Great Depression, Weese avoided studying expensive historical revival styles in favor of more-affordable modern styles. In the summer of 1937, Weese toured northern Europe on a bicycle, fostering his appreciation for the modernist movement.
<QB_VII>	QB VII by Leon Uris is a dramatic courtroom novel published in 1970. The four-part novel highlights the events leading to a libel trial in the United Kingdom. The novel was Uris's second consecutive #1 New York Times Best Seller and third overall. The novel is loosely based on a court case for defamation (Dering v Uris) that arose from Uris's earlier best-selling novel Exodus."QB VII" is an abbreviation of Queen's Bench Courtroom Number Seven. A famous author, Abraham Cady, stands trial for libel. In his book The Holocaust, he named eminent surgeon Sir Adam Kelno as one of the Jadwiga concentration camp's most sadistic inmate/doctors. Cady wrote the book after discovering the Jadwiga concentration camp was the site of his family's extermination.
<Karin_Elisabeth_von_Schaper>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Michael_Landes>	Michael Christopher Landes (born September 18, 1972) is an American actor of television and film.Michael Christopher Landes was born to Patricia and Bernard Landes on September 18, 1972 in The Bronx, New York.  Landes studied performing arts at the Stella Adler Studio of Acting in Los Angeles.
<Heisuke_Hironaka>	Heisuke Hironaka (広中 平祐, Hironaka Heisuke, born April 9, 1931) is a Japanese mathematician who was awarded the Fields Medal in 1970 for his contributions to algebraic geometry.Hironaka entered Kyoto University in 1949. After completing his undergraduate studies at Kyoto University, he received his Ph.D. in 1960 from Harvard University while under the direction of Oscar Zariski.
<Clark_Gregg>	Robert Clark Gregg Jr. (born April 2, 1962) is an American actor, director, and screenwriter. He is best known for playing Agent Phil Coulson in the Marvel Cinematic Universe films Iron Man (2008), Iron Man 2 (2010), Thor (2011), The Avengers (2012), Captain Marvel (2019), and the television spin-off series Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. (2013–2020) and Disney+ series What If...? (2021). Gregg also voiced Phil Coulson on the animated series Ultimate Spider-Man (2012–2017) and in the video games Lego Marvel Super Heroes (2013), Marvel Heroes (2013), and Lego Marvel's Avengers (2016).Gregg is also known for his role as FBI Special Agent Mike Casper on the NBC political drama series The West Wing (2001–2004) and as Richard, the ex-husband of Christine Campbell, in the CBS sitcom The New Adventures of Old Christine (2006–2010).
<Jeanette_Nolan>	Jeanette Nolan (December 30, 1911 – June 5, 1998) was an American actress. Nominated for four Emmy Awards, she had roles in the television series The Virginian (1962–1971) and Dirty Sally (1974), and in films such as Macbeth (1948).Nolan began her prolific acting career at the Pasadena Playhouse in Pasadena, California, and, while a student at Los Angeles City College, made her radio debut in 1932 in Omar Khayyam, the first transcontinental broadcast from station KHJ.[citation needed] She continued acting into the 1990s.She appeared regularly in several radio series, including Young Doctor Malone, 1939–1940; Cavalcade of America, 1940–1941; Nicolette Moore in One Man's Family, 1947–1950; and The Great Gildersleeve, 1949–1952. She appeared episodically in many more
<Game_Arts>	Game Arts Co., Ltd. (株式会社ゲームアーツ, Kabushiki gaisha gēmu ātsu) is a Japanese developer and publisher of video games located in Chiyoda, Tokyo. Originally established in 1985 as a computer software company, it expanded into producing for a number of game console and handheld systems. Its President and CEO in 2007 was Yoichi Miyaji at which time it was a member of the Computer Entertainment Supplier's Association of Japan (CESA).  Its major trading partners then included Square Enix, Bandai Namco, Koei Tecmo, and Gung-Ho Online Entertainment, some of whom co-developed or produced games in cooperation with the company.The company has produced a number of games for several genres, beginning with the action game Thexder for personal computers in 1985.  A number of traditional and Mahjong-related games have also been produced for Japanese audiences.  In the Western world, Game Arts is best known as the producers of the Lunar and Grandia series of role-playing video games, as well as the Gungriffon line of vehicle simulation games. Some of its staff has helped in the preliminary development of Nintendo's Wii title Super Smash Bros. Brawl.On April 22, 2009, Game Arts released the PlayStation port of Grandia in Japan on the PlayStation Network as a downloadable title in the PSone Classics range, to celebrate an upcoming announcement for Grandia Online.
<Emma_Thomas>	Emma Thomas Nolan (born 9 December 1971) is an English film producer, known for frequent collaborations with her husband, filmmaker Christopher Nolan. Her producing credits include The Dark Knight Trilogy (2005–2012), The Prestige (2006), Inception (2010), Interstellar (2014), Dunkirk (2017) and Tenet (2020). Inception and Dunkirk were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture.Thomas was born in 1971 in London. She graduated from University College London, where she met Christopher Nolan, her future husband.
<David_Buckley>	David Buckley (born 7 June 1976) is a British composer of film and television scores, based in Santa Monica, California.Born in London in 1976, Buckley's first involvement with film music was as a cathedral choirboy performing on Peter Gabriel’s score for Martin Scorsese’s The Last Temptation of Christ. He continued his musical education at the University of Cambridge. In 2006, Buckley moved to Los Angeles to collaborate on a number of Harry Gregson-Williams’ scores, including Shrek, Gone Baby Gone, Flushed Away, Arthur Christmas, Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time and The Number 23. In addition to his work for Gregson-Williams, he has written additional music for Danny Elfman on films including American Hustle, Big Eyes and all Fifty Shades movies (including the choral piece "Bliss") and for Hans Zimmer and Rupert Gregson-Williams on Winter's Tale and Wonder Woman.
<TEDA_Holding>	TEDA Investment Holding Co., Ltd., known as TEDA Holding, is a Chinese state-owned enterprise based in Tianjin. The company was supervised by the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission (SASAC) of Tianjin Government [zh].TEDA was the acronym of Tianjin Economic-Technological Development Area. The Chinese name 泰达 (pinyin: Tài dá) was in turn the transliteration of TEDA.TEDA Holding (Chinese: 天津泰达投资控股有限公司), as the name suggested, was originally related to Tianjin Economic-Technological Development Area (Chinese: 天津经济技术开发区; acronym TEDA) as an investment vehicle of Tianjin Municipal People's Government. It was founded in 1984, after the marketization of China. It was renamed to the current name (from 天津经济技术开发区总公司) in 2001, after a merger with sister company TEDA Group (Chinese: 泰达集团) and Tianjin TEDA Construction Group (Chinese: 天津泰达建设集团).
<University_of_New_South_Wales>	The University of New South Wales (UNSW), also known as UNSW Sydney, is a public research university based in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. It is one of the founding members of Group of Eight, a coalition of Australian research-intensive universities.Established in 1949, UNSW is a research university, ranked 44th in the world in the 2021 QS World University Rankings and 67th in the world in the 2021 Times Higher Education World University Rankings. It is one of the members of Universitas 21, a global network of research universities. It has international exchange and research partnerships with over 200 universities around the world.
<Thomas_Cavalier-Smith>	Thomas (Tom) Cavalier-Smith, FRS, FRSC, NERC Professorial Fellow (21 October 1942 – 19 March 2021), was a professor of evolutionary biology in the Department of Zoology, at the University of Oxford.His research has led to discovery of a number of unicellular organisms (protists) and advocated for a variety of major taxonomic groups, such as the Chromista, Chromalveolata, Opisthokonta, Rhizaria, and Excavata. He was known for his systems of classification of all organisms.
<Government_of_Ireland>	The Government of Ireland (Irish: Rialtas na hÉireann) is the cabinet that exercises executive authority in Ireland.The Constitution of Ireland vests executive authority in a government which is headed by the Taoiseach, the head of government. The government is composed of ministers, each of whom must be a member of the Oireachtas, which consists of Dáil Éireann and Seanad Éireann. The Taoiseach must be nominated by the Dáil, the house of representatives. Following the nomination of the Dáil, the President of Ireland appoints the Taoiseach to their role. The President also appoints members of the government, including the Tánaiste, the deputy head of government, on the nomination of the Taoiseach and their approval by the Dáil. The government is dependent upon the Oireachtas to pass primary legislation and as such, the government needs to command a majority in the Dáil in order to ensure support and confidence for budgets and government bills to pass. The Government is also known as the cabinet.
<Fellow_of_the_Royal_Society_of_Edinburgh>	Fellowship of the Royal Society of Edinburgh (FRSE) is an award granted to individuals that the Royal Society of Edinburgh, Scotland's national academy of science and letters, judged to be "eminently distinguished in their subject". This society received a royal charter in 1783, allowing for its expansion.Around 50 new fellows are elected each year in March. As of 2016[update] there are around 1,650 Fellows, including 71 Honorary Fellows and 76 Corresponding Fellows.
<DePauw_University>	DePauw University is a private liberal arts university in Greencastle, Indiana. It has an enrollment of 1,972 students. The school has a Methodist heritage and was originally known as Indiana Asbury University. DePauw is a member of both the Great Lakes Colleges Association and the North Coast Athletic Conference. The Society of Professional Journalists was founded at DePauw.Indiana Asbury University was founded in 1837 in Greencastle, Indiana, and was named after Francis Asbury, the first American bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church. The people of Greencastle raised $25,000 to entice the Methodists to establish the college in Greencastle, which was little more than a village at the time.  It was originally established as an all-men's school but began admitting women in 1867.[citation needed]
<Ram_Pickup>	The Ram pickup (marketed as the Dodge Ram until 2010) is a full-size pickup truck manufactured by Stellantis North America (formerly Chrysler Group LLC and FCA US LLC) and marketed from 2010 onwards under the Ram Trucks brand. The current fifth-generation Ram debuted at the 2018 North American International Auto Show in Detroit, Michigan, in January of that year.Previously, Ram was part of the Dodge line of light trucks. The name Ram was first used in 1981 model year Dodge Trucks in October 1980, following the retiring and rebadging of the Dodge D series pickup trucks as well as B-series vans, though the company had used a ram's-head hood ornament on some trucks as early as 1933.
<Kiev_Military_District>	The Kiev Military District (Russian: Киевский вое́нный о́круг (КВО), romanized: Kiyevskiy voyénnyy ókrug (KVO); Ukrainian: Червонопрапорний Ки́ївський військо́вий о́круг, romanized: Chervonoprapornyi Kyivskyi viiskovyi okruh, lit. 'Red Banner Kyiv Military District', abbreviated КВО, KVO) was a military district of the Imperial Russian Army and subsequently of the Red Army and Soviet Armed Forces. It was first formed in 1862, and was headquartered in Kiev (Kyiv) for most of its existence.The Kiev Military District was a Military District, a territorial division type utilised to provide more efficient management of army units, their training and other operations activities related to combat readiness. The district originally covered the Kiev Governorate, Podolia Governorate (less Balta County), and Volhynia Governorate.Assigned formations included the 10th Army.
<Cass_Canfield>	Augustus Cass Canfield (April 26, 1897 – March 27, 1986) was an American publishing executive who was the longtime president and chairman of Harper & Brothers, later Harper & Row.Canfield was the son of Augustus Cass Canfield (1854–1904), a wealthy engineer and yachtsman, and his wife, the former Josephine Houghteling. His stepfather was Frank Gray Griswold, a relative of American bishop Frank Griswold. He also was a great-grandson of Presidential candidate Lewis Cass. He had two sisters, playwright Mary Cass Canfield and Laura Cass Canfield (Mrs William Lawrence Wood).He attended the Groton School and Harvard University, graduating from Harvard in 1919 after serving as a lieutenant in the United States Army during World War I. Canfield also studied at New College, Oxford and trekked through Asia, retracing the route of Marco Polo.
<Irene_Tsu>	Irene Tsu (Chinese: 諸慧荷; born November 4, 1945) is a Chinese American actress who made her debut in the film adaptation of Flower Drum Song in 1961, and has had many subsequent roles in TV and films. She was featured playing the wiki wiki girl in the Wiki wiki dollar advertising campaign for Chevron Corporation in the 1960s. She speaks English and three varieties of Chinese.Tsu was born in Shanghai, China to Z.M. and Dulcie Lynn Tsu. Her father was a banker and her mother a painter. After political changes in China in the 1940s, the family left for Taiwan, then Hong Kong. Her father remained behind in Taiwan while in 1957 she and the rest of her immediate family (sister and mother) emigrated to Larchmont, New York, a suburb of New York City, where her aunt lived. Irene attended Mamaroneck Elementary School in Mamaroneck, New York and studied ballet.In the late 1950s. she auditioned for a dancing job in Broadway's Flower Drum Song. A staff member of the producer David Merrick's office saw the performance and auditioned her for the Broadway musical "The World of Suzie Wong" and Tsu got a part. Later Irene auditioned for choreographer Hermes Pan  in the upcoming film adaptation of the musical Flower Drum Song. The choreographer brought Irene to Hollywood and she was a teenage dancer in the film Flower Drum Song (1961), directed by Henry Koster. He gave her her first speaking role as a teenage prostitute in his next film, Take Her, She's Mine (1963) starring James Stewart and Sandra Dee, which started her acting career.[citation needed]
<Scarlett_Nicholls>	Scarlett Mary Nicholls is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale. She is played by Kelsey-Beth Crossley and made her first appearance on 2 March 2007. It was announced on 8 May 2011 that Crossley was leaving the show. She made her final appearance on 28 July 2011. On 21 October 2012, it was announced Crossley would make a brief return to Emmerdale.Scarlett is the only daughter of millionaire Tom King (Ken Farrington) and Carrie Nicholls (Linda Lusardi). Carrie was a nurse taking care of Tom's wife, Mary, as she was dying of cancer and their relationship continued after Mary's death, resulting in Carrie getting pregnant. After Scarlett was born, Tom ended the relationship but offered to provide financial support for Carrie secretly. Carrie refused this but allowed Tom to finance Scarlett attending a private girls' school.
<Marcello_Gandini>	Marcello Gandini (born 26 August 1938) is an Italian car designer, known for his work with the automotive design house Gruppo Bertone, including his designs of the Lamborghini Miura, Countach, and the Lamborghini Diablo.In a 2009 interview with Robert Cumberford, editor at Automobile Magazine, Gandini indicated, "his design interests are focused on vehicle architecture, construction, assembly, and mechanisms – not appearance."The son of an orchestral conductor, Gandini, was born in Turin.
<Dictee>	Dictee is a 1982 book by Korean American author Theresa Hak Kyung Cha. Considered to be Cha's magnum opus, the book, a genre-bending poetry collection, focuses on several women: the Korean revolutionary Yu Guan Soon, Joan of Arc, Saint Thérèse of Lisieux, Demeter and Persephone, Cha's mother Hyun Soon Huo, and Cha herself. All these women are linked by their struggles and the way that nations have affected and twisted their lives.The book was first published in 1982, the year Cha was murdered. The book was out of print for a while, but due in part to the publication of an edited collection on her novel, Writing Self, Writing Nation (1994), Cha's work began to receive critical attention. In 1997, with the resurgence of Asian American studies and Third-wave feminism, the book was brought back into print by Norma Alarcón and Third Woman Press.Critics[who?] contend that Dictee, though considered a novel, is difficult to define by genre. It has an unorthodox structure, and consists of descriptions of the struggle to speak, uncaptioned photographs, tellings of the lives of saints and patriots, and mysterious letters that seem not to relate to the other material. Cha "borrows from avant garde and film editing techniques such as jagged cuts, jump shots, and visual exposition", based on her experience in the video and performing arts. The work "deviates from genres, themes, and styles" and fails to fit a single descriptor or label with clarity. It has been described as auto-ethnography, due to its highly subjective view of heritage and the past. "It is part autobiography, part biography, part personal diary, part ethnography, part auto-ethnography, part translation. And all these genres are presented with an intertextual mix of photographs, quotations, translations, and language so as to create a history. Cha's move in Dictee is to collage multiple voices American, European, and Asian---so as to build a history". Cha uses a lot of photographs to engage the reader and create a certain atmosphere. Dictee is composed of various genres, such as autobiography, fiction, history, and poetry and this diversity not only reflects on genre, but also on culture and language.
<Firoza_Begum_(singer)>	Firoza Begum (Bengali: ফিরোজা বেগম; 28 July 1930 – 9 September 2014) was a Bangladeshi Nazrul Geeti singer. She was awarded the Independence Day Award in 1979 by the Government of Bangladesh.Firoza Begum was born in Gopalganj District on 28 July 1930 to the zamindar family of Ratail Ghonaparha. Her parents were Mohammad Ismail and Begum Kowkabunnesa. She became drawn to music in her childhood. She started her career in 1940s.
<O_Channel>	Moji, stylized as mOȷı, previously known as O Channel, is an Indonesian free-to-air television network founded by Elang Mahkota Teknologi and MRA Media. MRA Media sold its stake in O Channel on 2007. Initially broadcasts as a local station in Jakarta, it broadcasts from 24 hours, 7 days a week.Since 2020, Moji has increasingly established itself to broadcast nationally through digital television on SCM's multiplexing channel (SCTV or Indosiar), while increasing broadcast programs (especially sports programming) and slowly reducing home shopping programming. The channel is also available through analogue signals in cities where O Channel was available, such as in Banten and Bandung (the latter originally through Garuda Vision, another local broadcaster from 2012 until 2021).Moji become an official broadcaster of 2022 FIFA World Cup, along with SCTV, Indosiar and Mentari TV. In early August 2022, initial signs of rebranding began to appear when a promo for Indosiar's coverage World Cup featured the branding of the new channel. On 14 August 2022, O Channel's social media accounts began sending farewell messages, further intensifying the rebrand rumours. On 20 August 2022, O Channel replaced their digital on-screen graphic with an #OCPamit countdown, with the rebranding taking effect on the midnight of 21 August.
<The_Search_for_the_Dice_Man>	The Search for the Dice Man was written by George Cockcroft under the pen name Luke Rhinehart. It is the official sequel to The Dice Man, and was published in 1993.Other books by George Cockcroft with the same themes: The Dice Man, Adventures of Wim, The Book of the Die.The book is set 20 years after the end of The Dice Man, and Luke's dicechild, Larry Rhinehart, has grown up to become a hotshot investor on the stock market. He has totally rejected his father's reverence for chance: he sees it as an adversary to be overcome, and has managed to create a stable, normal life for himself, in spite of his early abandonment. Indeed, he is due to wed the daughter of his boss, and live wealthily ever after.
<Frank_Spedding>	Frank Harold Spedding (22 October 1902 – 15 December 1984) was a Canadian American chemist. He was a renowned expert on rare earth elements, and on extraction of metals from minerals. The uranium extraction process helped make it possible for the Manhattan Project to build the first atomic bombs.A graduate of the University of Michigan and University of California, Berkeley, Spedding became an assistant professor and head of the department of physical chemistry at Iowa State College in 1937. His efforts at building up the school were so successful that he would spend the rest of his career there, becoming a professor of chemistry in 1941, a professor of physics in 1950, a professor of metallurgy in 1962, and ultimately professor emeritus in 1973. He co-founded, along with Dr. Harley Wilhelm, the Institute for Atomic Research and the Ames Laboratory of the Atomic Energy Commission, and directed the Ames Laboratory from its founding in 1947 until 1968.
<Columbia_Pictures>	Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. is an American film production studio that is a member of the Sony Pictures Motion Picture Group, a division of Sony Pictures Entertainment, which is one of the Big Five studios and a subsidiary of the  multinational conglomerate Sony.On June 19, 1918, brothers Jack and Harry Cohn and their business partner Joe Brandt founded Cohn-Brandt-Cohn (CBC) Film Sales Corporation, which would eventually become Columbia Pictures. It adopted the Columbia Pictures name on January 10, 1924 (operating as Columbia Pictures Corporation until December 23, 1968) went public two years later and eventually began to use the image of Columbia, the female personification of the United States, as its logo.
<Ginger_Rogers>	Ginger Rogers (born Virginia Katherine McMath; July 16, 1911 – April 25, 1995) was an American actress, dancer and singer during the Golden Age of Hollywood. She won an Academy Award for Best Actress for her starring role in Kitty Foyle (1940), and performed during the 1930s in RKO's musical films with Fred Astaire. Her career continued on stage, radio and television throughout much of the 20th century.Rogers was born in Independence, Missouri, and raised in Kansas City. She and her family moved to Fort Worth, Texas, when she was nine years old. In 1925, she won a Charleston dance contest that helped her launch a successful vaudeville career. After that, she gained recognition as a Broadway actress for her stage debut in Girl Crazy. This led to a contract with Paramount Pictures, which ended after five films. Rogers had her first successful film roles as a supporting actress in 42nd Street (1933) and Gold Diggers of 1933 (1933).
<Chuck_Franco>	Charles Anthony Franco (born 1955) is an American politician. He was a game warden, police officer, Undersheriff for Doña Ana County, Judge on the Dona Ana County Magistrate Court, and the First Gentleman of New Mexico.Franco was born and raised in Las Cruces, New Mexico, graduating from Las Cruces High School and earning a degree in criminal justice from New Mexico State University. He has an older brother and younger sister.From 1991 to 2019, Franco was married to former Governor Susana Martínez. Through Franco's job as an undercover investigator, he met Martinez while she was an assistant district attorney. The two married in 1991. Franco has one son, Carlo, who served in the United States Navy. Franco is an advocate for Horses for Heroes and the Youth Diagnostic Development Center in Albuquerque." Franco is a longtime supporter of the Weed and Seed program of the Community Capacity Development Office. Franco is a hunter and fisherman. In 1995, Martinez and he changed their affiliation from the Democratic Party to the Republican Party.
<Merle_Tuve>	Merle Anthony Tuve (June 27, 1901 – May 20, 1982) was an American geophysicist who was the Chairman of the Office of Scientific Research and Development's Section T, which was created in August 1940. He was founding director of the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory, the main laboratory of Section T during the war from 1942 onward.  He was a pioneer in the use of pulsed radio waves whose discoveries opened the way to the development of radar and nuclear energy.Merle Antony Tuve was born in Canton, South Dakota. He and physicist Ernest Lawrence were childhood friends. All four of his grandparents were born in Norway and subsequently immigrated to the United States. His father, Anthony G. Tuve, was president of Augustana College and his mother, Ida Marie Larsen Tuve, taught music there. After Tuve's father died in the influenza epidemic of 1918, the family moved to Minneapolis, where Merle attended the University of Minnesota; he received there a BS degree in 1922 and an MS degree in 1923 both in Physics. Following a year at Princeton where he was an instructor, Tuve subsequently went to work for his doctorate at Johns Hopkins University. He obtained there his PhD degree in physics in 1927.In 1925, with physicist Gregory Breit, Tuve used radio waves to measure the height of the ionosphere and probe its interior layers. The observations he made provided the theoretical foundation for the development of radar. He was among the first physicists to use high-voltage accelerators to define the structure of the atom. In 1933 he confirmed the existence of the neutron and was also able to measure the binding forces in atomic nuclei.
<Arnold_Harberger>	Arnold Carl Harberger (born July 27, 1924) is an American economist. His approach to the teaching and practice of economics is to emphasize the use of analytical tools that are directly applicable to real-world issues. His influence on academic economics is reflected in part by the widespread use of the term "Harberger triangle" to refer to the standard graphical depiction of the efficiency cost of distortions of competitive equilibrium. His influence on the practice of economic policy is manifested by the high positions attained by his followers in national agencies such as central banks and ministries of finance, and in international agencies such as the World Bank.Harberger completed his B.A. in economics at Johns Hopkins University, and his M.A. in international relations in 1947 and his Ph.D. in economics in 1950 at the University of Chicago. After teaching at Johns Hopkins, Harberger returned to the University of Chicago to teach full-time from 1953 to 1982, and part-time from 1984 to 1991. Since 1984, he has been a professor at the University of California, Los Angeles, serving as professor emeritus since 2014.He married Chilean Anita Valjalo in 1958. The two remained together until her death in 2011.
<Tiago_Gomes_(footballer,_born_1986)>	Tiago Henrique Damil Gomes (born 29 July 1986) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a left-back for F.C. Alverca.Gomes was born in Oeiras, Lisbon District. A product of S.L. Benfica's youth ranks, he spent his first two professional seasons on loan, only appearing for his parent club during pre-season, 2006–07 at C.F. Estrela da Amadora – in the Primeira Liga – where he played with namesake Tiago Filipe Figueiras Gomes, and the following at Poland's Zagłębie Lubin.
<Ezra_Levant>	Ezra Isaac Levant (born February 20, 1972) is a Canadian conservative media personality, political activist, writer, broadcaster, and former lawyer. Levant is the founder and former publisher of the conservative magazine, The Western Standard. He is also the co-founder, owner, and CEO of the far-right media website Rebel News. Levant has also worked as a columnist for Sun Media, and he hosted a daily program on the Sun News Network from the channel's inception in 2011 until its demise in 2015.Levant rose to prominence in 2006 after publishing the Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons in The Western Standard, which led to a protracted legal battle with the Alberta Human Rights Commission regarding hate speech legislation and freedom of speech. The complaint against Levant was ultimately withdrawn. In February 2015, Levant co-founded Rebel News with Brian Lilley; Lilley later left Rebel News, citing lack of editorial standards. Under Levant, Rebel News has been accused of being a platform for the anti-Islamic ideology known as counter-jihad.
<Lottie_Pickford>	Charlotte Smith (June 9, 1893 – December 9, 1936), known professionally as Lottie Pickford, was a Canadian-American silent film actress and socialite. She was the younger sister of fellow actress Mary Pickford and elder sister of actor Jack Pickford.One of her best known roles was in The Diamond from the Sky directed by William Desmond Taylor in 1915. Pickford's career often is overshadowed by that of her siblings and though she was a notable figure in the 1920s, her films and role in the Pickford acting family largely are forgotten.
<Luciano_Violante>	Luciano Violante (born 25 September 1941) is an Italian judge and politician, Member of Parliament from 1979 to 2008. He is particularly interested in questions of justice, the struggle against the Mafia and institutional reform.Violante was born in Dire Dawa, in the Italian Ethiopian part of Italian East Africa. His father, a journalist and Communist, was forced to emigrate to Ethiopia by the fascist regime. His family was  held by the British in an internment camp, where Violante was born and remained until 1943.Graduated in jurisprudence at University of Bari in 1963, he joined the magistrature in 1966 and became professor of public law at University of Turin in 1970. Later he held the position of full professor at University of Camerino. He indicted Edgardo Sogno in 1974 for having planned the so-called Golpe bianco ("White coup"), but had to release him in 1978, declaring it impossible to prosecute him. From 1977 to 1979 he worked in the legislative office of the Ministry of Justice, primarily concerned with the struggle against terrorism. He was named investigative magistrate in Turin in 1979. In 1983 he became a professor of legal institutions and penal procedure and resigned from the magistrature.
<Olympia_Dukakis>	Olympia Dukakis (June 20, 1931 – May 1, 2021) was an American actress. She performed in more than 130 stage productions, more than 60 films and in 50 television series. Best known as a screen actress, she started her career in theater. Not long after her arrival in New York City, she won an Obie Award for Best Actress in 1963 for her off-Broadway performance in Bertolt Brecht's Man Equals Man.She later moved to film acting and won an Academy Award and a Golden Globe, among other accolades, for her performance in Moonstruck (1987). She received another Golden Globe nomination for Sinatra (1992) and Emmy Award nominations for Lucky Day (1991), More Tales of the City (1998) and Joan of Arc (1999). Dukakis's autobiography, Ask Me Again Tomorrow: A Life in Progress, was published in 2003. In 2018, a feature-length documentary about her life, titled Olympia, was released theatrically in the United States.
<Dejumo_Lewis>	Dejumo Lewis Listen (born 1943) is a Nigerian film and television actor, famous for the Kabiyesi role in The Village Headmaster, Nigeria’s longest-running television soap opera shown on NTA from 1968 to 1988 that stars Justus Esiri and Femi Robinson.This Nigerian biographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<James_Prescott_Joule>	James Prescott Joule FRS FRSE (/dʒuːl/; 24 December 1818 –  11 October 1889) was an English physicist, mathematician and brewer, born in Salford, Lancashire. Joule studied the nature of heat, and discovered its relationship to mechanical work (see energy). This led to the law of conservation of energy, which in turn led to the development of the first law of thermodynamics. The SI derived unit of energy, the joule, is named after him.He worked with Lord Kelvin to develop an absolute thermodynamic temperature scale, which came to be called the Kelvin scale. Joule also made observations of magnetostriction, and he found the relationship between the current through a resistor and the heat dissipated, which is also called Joule's first law. His experiments about energy transformations were first published in 1843.
<United_States>	The United States of America (U.S.A. or USA), commonly known as the United States (U.S. or US) or America, is a country in North America. It consists of 50 states, a federal district, five major unincorporated territories, nine Minor Outlying Islands, and 326 Indian reservations. It is the world's third-largest country by both land and total area. The United States shares land borders with Canada to its north and with Mexico to its south. It has maritime borders with the Bahamas, Cuba, Russia, and other nations. With a population of over 331 million, it is the most populous country in the Americas and the third most populous in the world. The national capital is Washington, D.C., and the most populous city and financial center is New York City.Paleo-Americans migrated from Siberia to the North American mainland at least 12,000 years ago, and advanced cultures began to appear later on. These advanced cultures had almost completely declined by the time Europeans arrived in North America and began to colonize the continent. The United States emerged from the Thirteen British Colonies when disputes with the British Crown over taxation and political representation led to the American Revolution (1765–1791), which established the nation's independence. In the late 18th century, the U.S. began expanding across North America, gradually obtaining new territories, sometimes through war, frequently displacing Native Americans, and admitting new states. By 1848, the United States spanned the continent from east to west. The controversy surrounding the practice of slavery culminated in the secession of the Confederate States of America, which fought the remaining states of the Union during the American Civil War (1861–1865). With the Union's victory and preservation, slavery was abolished by the Thirteenth Amendment.
<Ain't_Misbehavin'_(TV_series)>	Ain't Misbehavin' is a British sitcom that aired on BBC1 from 20 March 1994 to 14 February 1995. It stars Peter Davison and Nicola Pagett and was written by Roy Clarke, the writer of Last of the Summer Wine and Keeping Up Appearances.Clive Quigley starts the series thinking he is happily married to his wife Melissa, but Sonia Drysdale comes along and informs him that her husband Dave is having an affair with Melissa. Clive believes her only after spying on Melissa and Dave together, and even contemplates suicide. He and Sonia then join forces to split up the affair, but they do not know that Melissa and Dave haven't actually committed adultery yet. Sonia and Clive hire a private detective called Chuck Purvis. The other characters were Lester and Ramona Whales. Ramona was Clive's secretary, whom her jealous husband Lester always thought was having an affair with Clive.
<Alan_Rachins>	Alan Leonard Rachins (born October 3, 1942) is an American television actor, known for his role as Douglas Brackman in L.A. Law which earned him both Golden Globe and Emmy nominations, and his portrayal of Larry (Dharma's hippie father) on the television series Dharma & Greg.Rachins graduated from Brookline High School. He enrolled at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, ultimately dropping out, but managed to graduate from Empire State College in 1974.
<Sara_Seager>	Sara Seager OC (born 21 July 1971) is a Canadian-American astronomer and planetary scientist. She is a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and is known for her work on extrasolar planets and their atmospheres. She is the author of two textbooks on these topics, and has been recognized for her research by Popular Science, Discover Magazine, Nature, and TIME Magazine. Seager was awarded a MacArthur Fellowship in 2013 citing her theoretical work on detecting chemical signatures on exoplanet atmospheres and developing low-cost space observatories to observe planetary transits.Seager was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, and is Jewish. Her father, David Seager, who lost his hair when he was 19 years old, was a pioneer and one of the world's leaders in hair transplantation and the founder of the Seager Hair Transplant Center in Toronto.
<Ronald_Rivlin>	Ronald Samuel Rivlin (6 May 1915 in London – 4 October 2005) was a British-American physicist, mathematician, rheologist and a noted expert on rubber.Rivlin was born in London in 1915. He studied physics and mathematics at St John's College, Cambridge, being awarded a BA in 1937 and a ScD in 1952.  He worked for the General Electric Company, then the UK Ministry of Aircraft Production, then the British Rubber Producers Research Association, to which he was recruited to at the suggestion of L. R. G. Treloar by John Wilson, over a “lavish meal” and game of pool. This included one sabbatical year at the National Bureau of Standards, USA. His post at the BRPRA was the start of his interest in rubber.
<Albert_Kirchner>	Albert Kirchner (1860–1902), better known under the pseudonym Léar, was a French photographer, manufacturer, exhibitor, and filmmaker who is noted for producing several religious and erotic films. He was employed by Eugène Pirou, a French filmmaker and photographer. Kirchner directed the first known erotic film, 1896 Le coucher de la mariée (or Bedtime for the Bride), that featured actress Louise Willy.He also registered three patents for the film camera "Biographe Français Léar" in 1897–1898. He manufactured the camera by a company he himself founded along with two of his college-colleagues – Anthelme and Pacon. Kirchner produced and marketed two variants of "Biographe" — one for 35 mm film and the other for 60 mm film. In 1897, he arranged screenings at multiple locations that included the Oller Museum and the café Frontin in French capital Paris.
<Kalinga_Prize>	The Kalinga Prize for the Popularization of Science is an award given by UNESCO for exceptional skill in presenting scientific ideas to lay people. It was created in 1952, following a donation from Biju Patnaik, Founder President of the Kalinga Foundation Trust in India.The recipient of this annual award must have demonstrated – during a brilliant career as writer, editor, lecturer, film producer, radio/television programme director or presenter  – talent in interpreting science and technology for the public. The recipient should have striven to emphasize the international importance of science and technology and the contribution they make to improving public welfare, enriching the cultural heritage of nations, and solving problems facing humanity. Many past prize winners have been scientists, while others have been trained in journalism or have been educators or writers.
<Elżbieta_Czyżewska>	Elżbieta Justyna Czyżewska (May 14, 1938 – June 17, 2010) was a Polish actress active in both Poland and the United States.She gained critical acclaim in the early 1960s that culminated in breakthrough performances in The Saragossa Manuscript (1964, dir. Wojciech Jerzy Has), Marriage of Convenience (1966, dir. Stanisław Bareja) and Everything for Sale (1969, dir. Andrzej Wajda). Czyżewska received the Obie Award for Distinguished Performance by an Actress in 1990 for Crowbar.Czyżewska was born in Warsaw in 1938. She attended the State Academy of Theatre in Warsaw and was advised by the dean that in order to play leading roles in romantic repertory theater, she should undergo plastic surgery to reduce the size of her breasts. She refused after consulting with her colleagues in the anti-establishment Student Satirical Theatre.
<Spain_national_under-23_football_team>	The Spain Olympic football team (also known as Spain Under-23, or Spain U-23) represents Spain in international football competitions in the Olympic Games. The selection is limited to players under the age of 23, except for the Olympics which allows the men's team up to three overage players. The team is controlled by the Royal Spanish Football Federation. Having qualified for five Olympic competitions since 1992, Spain has won one gold medal (1992) and two silver medals (2000 and 2020). It is one of the most successful Olympic teamsUnlike later tournaments, the Summer Olympics used to be represented by senior or amateur teams. Spain's first participation in the Olympics was in Antwerp, Belgium, in 1920. Fourteen teams entered the competition which was organized on a knockout basis. Twelve teams entered the first round, with the six winners joining the host nation (Belgium) and France, in the quarter-finals. Czechoslovakia, participating in their first international tournament, cruised to the final, inflicting heavy defeats on Yugoslavia (who played their first ever international match in the competition), Norway, and France. Belgium beat a talented Spain and then the Netherlands on their way to the final. Belgium won the gold medal by default after Czechoslovakia walked off in protest during the final, unhappy with the performance of the English referee, John Lewis. The Bergvall System was used to determine second and third places. The beaten quarter-finalists played-off, Spain emerged triumphant overcoming Sweden 2–1 and Italy 2–0. Ordinarily, Spain would then have played the beaten finalists, but Czechoslovakia had been disqualified from the tournament. Spain thus advanced straight to the silver medal match against Holland, beaten in the semi-finals by gold medallists Belgium. Spain won 3–1.1924 was not as successful, Spain bowed out of competition in the first round after losing to Italy 1–0.
<Bradford_City_A.F.C.>	Bradford City Association Football Club is an English professional football club in Bradford, West Yorkshire. The team competes in League Two, the fourth tier of the English football league system and are currently managed by Mark Hughes.The club's home ground is the 25,136-capacity Valley Parade, which was the site of the Bradford City stadium fire on 11 May 1985, which took the lives of 56 supporters.
<Ratchet_&_Clank>	Ratchet & Clank is a series of action platformer and third-person shooter video games. The franchise was created and developed by Insomniac Games and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment for PlayStation consoles, such as PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5, with the exclusion of Size Matters and Secret Agent Clank, which were developed by High Impact Games for the PlayStation Portable. The series is exclusive to Sony platforms and the intellectual property is owned by Sony Interactive Entertainment. An animated feature film adaptation was released on April 29, 2016.The games take place in a science fiction setting and follow the adventures of Ratchet (a feline humanoid known as a Lombax, who is a mechanic) and Clank (a diminutive, sentient Zoni "defective" robot) as they travel through the universe, saving it from evil forces that consistently threaten it. The series is noted for its inclusion of many exotic, unique and over-the-top weapons and gadgets, a concept that Insomniac Games has expanded into their other games.
<Vanity_Fair_(1998_TV_serial)>	Vanity Fair is a BBC television drama serial adaptation of William Makepeace Thackeray's 1848 novel of the same name broadcast in 1998. The screenplay was written by Andrew Davies.The BBC had adapted the novel as a serial three times previously, in 1956, in 1967 and in 1987.
<Ergotelis_F.C.>	The Gymnastics Club «Ergotelis» Heraklion Crete (Greek: Γυμναστικός Σύλλογος «O Εργοτέλης» Ηρακλείου Κρήτης, Γ.Σ. Εργοτέλης), commonly known simply as Ergotelis (Greek: Εργοτέλης), is a Greek professional football club, department of the multi-sport club Gymnastics Club Ergotelis, which is based in Heraklion, Crete. It is the club's oldest and most successful department, officially established in 1929 and named after the famous ancient Cretan expatriate Olympic runner Ergoteles of Himera. The club currently competes in the Super League 2, the second tier of the Greek football league system, and hosts its home games at the Pankritio Stadium, the city's largest and most modern sports venue.Ergotelis is one of the two Heraklion-based football clubs to have competed in the Greek Super League, the country's top-level football competition, having made a total of 9 appearances during 2004–2015. The club's best finish in the competition is 7th place during the 2013–14 season. It has also won the Beta Ethniki (second tier of the Greek football league system) once, in 2006, as well as the Greek Football Amateur Cup in 1983. Its traditional colors are yellow and black.Ergotelis was established as an amateur club of Cretan footballers in 1929 by prominent Heraklion citizens, mainly refugees from Asia Minor. The club's foundation, as well as its first ever recorded game, a friendly 4–0 win against local side Leon (Greek: Λέων) held at Chandax (Greek: Χάνδαξ) stadium on 4 August 1929, was reported onto local newspaper 'Eleythera Skepsis' (Greek: Ελευθέρα Σκέψις) on Wednesday, 7 August 1929. Since its early days, Ergotelis showed the progressive ideals of its founders, being one of the first sports clubs in Greece to allow women into its sporting divisions, as well as its board of directors. The club temporarily shut down in 1935, following the involvement of its leading executives in political movements of the time. Ergotelis was re-established in 1937, developing a remarkable athletics department along with a strong football team, that went on to place 1st in the 1940 Heraklion Football Clubs Association Championship, which was never finished due to World War II.
<West_Hollywood,_California>	West Hollywood is a city in Los Angeles County, California, United States. Incorporated in 1984, it is home to the Sunset Strip. As of the 2020 U.S. Census, its population was 35,757. It is considered one of the most prominent gay villages in the United States.Most historical writings about West Hollywood begin in the late-18th century with European colonization when the Portuguese explorer João Rodrigues Cabrilho arrived offshore and claimed the already inhabited region for Spain. Around 5,000 of the indigenous inhabitants from the Tongva Indian tribe canoed out to greet the ship. The Tongva tribe was a nation of hunter-gatherers known for their reverence for dance and courage. By 1771, these native people had been severely ravaged by the diseases brought in by the Europeans from across wide oceans. The Spanish mission system changed the tribal name to "Gabrielinos", in reference to the Mission de San Gabriel. Early in 1770 Gaspar de Portola's Mexican expeditionary force stopped just south of the Santa Monica Mountains near what would become West Hollywood to draw pitch (brea in Spanish) from tar pits to waterproof their belongings and to say Mass. The Gabrielinos are believed to have burned the pitch for fuel.
<Claire_Shipman>	Claire Shipman is an American television journalist, currently the senior national correspondent for ABC's Good Morning America. She is married to Jay Carney, President Barack Obama's former White House Press Secretary. She is also Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees of Columbia University.Shipman, born October 4, 1962, in Washington, D.C., is the daughter of the late Christie (Armstrong) and Morgan Enlow Shipman, Professor of Law at The Ohio State University, Moritz College of Law.  > She graduated from Worthington High School in Worthington, Ohio, in 1980. In 2006, she was recognized by Worthington Schools as a Distinguished Alumna during Convocation.[citation needed] She is a 1986 graduate of Columbia College of Columbia University and also holds a master's degree from Columbia's School of International and Public Affairs.She is divorced from former CNN Moscow bureau chief Steve Hurst.[citation needed] She and her second husband, Jay Carney, have a son and daughter. Carney was the White House press secretary from January 27, 2011, to June 20, 2014. She claims that her husband gave her no indication that the secret operation that led to the killing of Osama bin Laden was under way in Pakistan.
<Bridge_Builder>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Gary_Bailey>	Gary Richard Bailey (born 9 August 1958) is a former footballer who made nearly 300 appearances in the Football League playing as a goalkeeper for Manchester United. Born in Ipswich, Suffolk, he grew up in South Africa, but went on to be capped twice for England.Although born in England, Bailey grew up in South Africa and started his career with Wits University in Johannesburg. In the late 1970s, Bailey paid his own fare to Manchester for a trial with Manchester United. He made his debut against Ipswich Town (who his father, Roy Bailey, had played for, and also his birthplace), on 18 November 1978. He went on to play 294 games for the Red Devils between 1978 and 1987.
<Karachi>	Karachi (/kəˈrɑːtʃi/; Urdu: کراچی; Sindhi: ڪراچي; IPA: [kəˈraːtʃi] (listen)) is the most populous city in Pakistan and 12th most populous city in the world, with a population of over 20 million. It is situated at the southern tip of the country along the Arabian Sea coast. It is the former capital of Pakistan and capital of the province of Sindh. Ranked as a beta-global city, it is Pakistan's premier industrial and financial centre, with an estimated GDP of over $200 billion (PPP) as of 2021[update]. Karachi paid $9billion (25% of whole country) as tax during fiscal year July 2021 to May 2022 according to FBR report. Karachi is Pakistan's most cosmopolitan city, linguistically, ethnically, and religiously diverse, as well as one of Pakistan's most secular and socially liberal cities. Karachi serves as a transport hub, and contains Pakistan’s two largest seaports, the Port of Karachi and Port Qasim, as well as Pakistan's busiest airport, Jinnah International Airport. Karachi is also a media center, home to news channels, film and fashion industry of Pakistan. Most of Pakistan's multinational companies and banks have their headquarters in Karachi. Karachi is also a tourism hub due to its scenic beaches, historic buildings and shopping malls.The region has been inhabited for millennia, but the city was formally founded as the fortified village of Kolachi as recently as 1729. The settlement greatly increased in importance on arrival of the East India Company in the mid-19th century. British administrators embarked on substantial projects to transform the city into a major seaport, and connect it with the extensive railway network of the Indian subcontinent. At the time of the partition of India in 1947, the city was the largest in Sindh with an estimated population of 400,000 people. Following the independence of Pakistan, the city experienced a dramatic shift in population and demography with the arrival of hundreds of thousands of Muhajir (Urdu-speaking people) Muslim refugees from India, coupled with a substantial exodus of its Hindu residents, whose numbers declined from 51.1% to 1.7% of the total population. The city experienced rapid economic growth following Pakistan's independence, attracting migrants from throughout the country and other regions in South Asia. According to the 2017 Census of Pakistan, Karachi's total population was 16,051,521, with 14.9 million of those people residing in the urban areas of the city. Karachi is one of the world's fastest-growing cities, and has significant communities representing almost every ethnic group in Pakistan. Karachi holds more than two million Bangladeshi immigrants, a million Afghan refugees, and up to 400,000 Rohingyas from Myanmar.
<Galatasaray_University>	Galatasaray University (Turkish: Galatasaray Üniversitesi, French: Université Galatasaray) is a Turkish university established in İstanbul, Turkey in 1992, following an agreement signed in the presence of President François Mitterrand of France and President Turgut Özal of Turkey during a ceremony at Galatasaray High School, the mother school of the university. Turkey's Ambassador to France, Coşkun Kırca, played an important role in organizing the agreement. Galatasaray University is one of the most important members of the Galatasaray Community as Galatasaray High School and Galatasaray Sports Club, and is widely regarded as one of the most prestigious and notable universities in Turkey.The establishment has five faculties (Economic and Administrative Sciences, Law, Communications, Natural Sciences and Literature, Engineering and Technology); two institutes (Social Sciences, Applied Sciences), 200 teachers and 2500 students.As a participant in the European exchange programs Erasmus and Socrates, Galatasaray University accommodates around 50 European students. Meanwhile, 100 students of Galatasaray University travel each year to France within the framework of these exchange programs.
<GMA_Network>	GMA Network (Global Media Arts or simply GMA) is a Philippine free-to-air television and radio network. It is the flagship property of publicly traded GMA Network, Inc. Its first broadcast on television was on October 29, 1961. GMA Network (formerly known as Republic Broadcasting System, GMA Radio-Television Arts and GMA Rainbow Satellite Network) is commonly referred to as the Kapuso Network in reference to the outline of the company's logo. It is headquartered in the GMA Network Center in Quezon City and its transmitter, Tower of Power, is located at Tandang Sora Avenue, Barangay Culiat also in Quezon City with regional stations and offices strategically located in over 9 major cities across the country.The original meaning of the GMA acronym was Greater Manila Area, referring to the initial coverage area of the station. As the network expanded it changed into Global Media Arts. The flagship television station of GMA is DZBB-TV (GMA-7 Manila) which carries VHF Channel 7 (analog broadcast) with Channel 15 served as a permanent assigned digital frequency. The network operates across the Philippine archipelago through the GMA Regional TV department which has 7 originating stations and 46 relay stations nationwide. Its programming is also available outside the Philippines through the Philippine pay television channels GMA Pinoy TV, GMA Life TV and GMA News TV International which is available through satellite and cable TV systems worldwide. Since 2013, GMA has been testing digital terrestrial television broadcasts using the Japanese standard ISDB-T, in select areas in the Philippines.
<Royal_Alberta_Museum>	The Royal Alberta Museum (RAM)  is a museum of human and natural history in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. The museum is located in Downtown Edmonton, north of City Hall. The museum is the largest in western Canada with more than 7,600 square metres (82,000 sq ft) exhibition space and 38,900 square metres (419,000 sq ft) in total.The museum was established by the Government of Alberta in December 1967 as the Provincial Museum of Alberta. The museum received royal patronage from Queen Elizabeth II, and was renamed the Royal Alberta Museum in 2005. In 2011, plans were announced to move the museum to a new building. The museums continued to operate from its original building in Glenora, Edmonton until it was closed to the public in December 2015. Although the museum was closed to the public, a number of its departments continued to operate, either preparing the museum's collection for the move, or conducting fieldwork. The new building was completed in August 2016, and was opened to the public in October 2018.
<Taiwan_Comprehensive_University_System>	The Taiwan Comprehensive University System (Chinese: 臺灣綜合大學系統; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tâi-oân Chong-ha̍p Tāi-ha̍k Hē-thóng), informally called Taiwan T4 Alliance, is a research-led university alliance in Taiwan.In 2016, TCUS signed a memorandum of cooperation with TU9 in Germany.This article about a university, college or other higher education institution in Taiwan is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Mary_Robinson>	Mary Therese Winifred Robinson (Irish: Máire Mhic Róibín; née Bourke; born 21 May 1944) is an Irish politician who was the 7th president of Ireland, serving from December 1990 to September 1997, the first woman to hold this office. Prior to her election, Robinson was a senator in Seanad Éireann between 1969 and 1989, and a councilor on Dublin Corporation from 1979 to 1983. Though briefly affiliated with the Labour Party while a senator, she became the first independent candidate to win the presidency and the first not to have had the support of Fianna Fáil. Following her time as president, Robinson became the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights from 1997 to 2002.Robinson is widely regarded as having had a transformative effect on Ireland, having successfully campaigned on several liberalising issues as a senator and as a lawyer. Robinson was involved in the decriminalisation of homosexuality, the legalisation of contraception, the legalisation of divorce, enabling women to sit on juries, and securing the right to legal aid in civil legal cases in Ireland. She was Ireland's most popular president, at one point having a 93% approval rating among the electorate.
<Space_Telescope_Science_Institute>	The Space Telescope Science Institute (STScI) is the science operations center for the Hubble Space Telescope (HST), science operations and mission operations center for the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST), and science operations center for the Nancy Grace Roman Space Telescope. STScI was established in 1981 as a community-based science center that is operated for NASA by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA). STScI's offices are located on the Johns Hopkins University Homewood Campus and in the Rotunda building in Baltimore, Maryland.In addition to performing continuing science operations of HST and preparing for scientific exploration with JWST and Roman, STScI manages and operates the Mikulski Archive for Space Telescopes (MAST), which holds data from numerous active and legacy missions, including HST, JWST, Kepler, TESS, Gaia, and Pan-STARRS.Most of the funding for STScI activities comes from contracts with NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center but there are smaller activities funded by NASA's Ames Research Center, NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, and the European Space Agency (ESA).[citation needed]
<Susan_Carpenter>	Susan Carpenter is co-host of The Ride, a series about modern mobility on the Southern California Public Radio Station, KPCC-FM. In broadcast radio segments and a weekly podcast, she reports on everything from autonomous cars and ride sharing to motorcycles, bicycles and public transit.Before joining KPCC, she was the car and motorcycle critic for the Los Angeles Times and the Orange County Register. She is also known for operating two illegal pirate radio stations and writing about unconventional adventures for the women's magazine, Jane, that she undertook in order to experience them firsthand.
<Richard_Genée>	Franz Friedrich Richard Genée (7 February 1823 – 15 June 1895) was a Prussian born Austrian librettist, playwright, and composer.  Genée was born in Danzig. He died at Baden bei Wien.He is most famous for the libretto of Die Fledermaus, Johann Strauss II's most famous operetta.  He co-wrote the libretto without having met top-billed librettist Karl Haffner, who constructed the new story based on a play by Henri Meilhac and Ludovic Halévy, which was considered too shocking to perform outside Paris.  Genée, however, wrote the operetta's actual text and drew nothing from Haffner beyond the names of the characters. One of his best-known works was the libretto of Karl Millöcker's operetta Der Bettelstudent, which he co-wrote with Friedrich Zell (the pseudonym of Camillo Walzel). He also wrote the libretto to Ella Adayevskaya's  1877 opera Zarya. In 1857 he was conductor of the philharmonic orchestra In Mainz.
<Gavlerinken_Arena>	Monitor ERP Arena, formerly named Gavlerinken Arena (2014–2019), Läkerol Arena (2006–2014) and Gavlerinken (1967–2006), is an indoor sporting arena located in Gävle, Sweden. The capacity of the arena is 7,909 for ice hockey games and 11,000 for concerts which makes it the 8th largest ice hockey arena in Sweden. The arena is the home arena of the Brynäs IF ice hockey team.The arena is partly powered by two 4 kW vertical axis wind turbine manufactured by Urban Green Energy.Originally named Gavlerinken, the arena was opened on 28 September 1967. In 2005, the municipality of Gävle sold the arena to Brynäs IF which re-built it and sold the naming rights to Leaf Candy Company, manufacturer of the Läkerol pastilles, and it re-opened as Läkerol Arena on 13 November 2006. After the municipality of Gävle re-acquired the naming rights in June 2014, they changed the name of the arena to Gavlerinken Arena for the following five seasons (through 2018–19). Following the expiration of this deal, on 20 September 2019 a new deal was reached with Monitor ERP System to rename the arena Monitor ERP Arena for the following five seasons (through 2023–24).
<David_W._Pipes,_Jr.>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Imelda_Marcos>	PresidencyFirst term
<Les_Dennis>	Leslie Dennis Heseltine (born 12 October 1953) is an English television presenter, actor, and comedian. He presented Family Fortunes from 1987 until 2002.Dennis was born Leslie Dennis Heseltine on 12 October 1953 in the Liverpool suburb of Garston. His mother worked in a factory while his father, who worked in a betting shop after serving in the Royal Navy during the Second World War, was listed as a football player on the books of Liverpool FC but did not play for the first team. He lived in the suburb of Speke for a while and attended the Stockton Wood and Joseph Williams primary schools, before going to Morrison Rose Lane Secondary Modern school in Allerton. From 1967 he went to Quarry Bank Comprehensive. Dennis left there in June 1972 with an A-level in Art and failed History and English Literature. He had a weekend job in the men's clothing store Burton whilst still at school, and started as a stand-up comedian in working men's clubs.
<Archibald_Geikie>	Sir Archibald Geikie OM KCB PRS FRSE FRS (28 December 1835 – 10 November 1924) was a Scottish geologist and writer.Geikie was born in Edinburgh in 1835, the eldest son of Isabella Thom and her husband James Stuart Geikie, a musician and music critic. The elder brother of James Geikie, he was educated at Edinburgh High School and University of Edinburgh.
<Monkey_Island_(series)>	Monkey Island is a series of adventure games. The first four games in the series were produced and published by LucasArts, earlier known as Lucasfilm Games. The fifth installment of the franchise was developed by Telltale Games in collaboration with LucasArts. A sixth game was developed by Terrible Toybox in cooperation with Lucasfilm Games and Devolver Digital.The games follow the misadventures of the hapless Guybrush Threepwood as he struggles to become the most notorious pirate in the Caribbean, defeat the plans of the evil undead pirate LeChuck and win the heart of Governor Elaine Marley. Each game's plot usually involves the mysterious Monkey Island and its impenetrable secrets.
<Bhumika_(film)>	Bhumika (English: Role) is a 1977 Indian film directed by Shyam Benegal. The film stars Smita Patil, Amol Palekar, Anant Nag, Naseeruddin Shah and Amrish Puri.The film is broadly based on the Marathi-language memoirs, Sangtye Aika of the well-known Marathi stage and screen actress of the 1940s Hansa Wadkar, who led a flamboyant and unconventional life, and focuses on an individual's search for identity and self-fulfilment. Smita Patil gives a strong performance of transforming from a vivacious teenager to a wiser but deeply wounded middle-aged woman.
<Women_of_Wrestling>	WOW – Women of Wrestling, is an American women's professional wrestling promotion founded in 2000 by David McLane (who also founded Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling (GLOW)). WOW is based in Los Angeles, California, and is owned by McLane and Los Angeles Lakers owner/president Jeanie Buss.Initially broadcasting in syndication during in the 2000–01 television season, WOW is a sports entertainment-styled product where its talent portrays heavily dramatized characters.WOW has been recognized as one of the few nationally broadcast wrestling promotions featuring an all-female roster. Only twenty-four television episodes and a pay-per-view event were produced during its initial run. In 2002, McLane sought a partnership with Kiss frontman Gene Simmons to revive the promotion. In July 2011, WOW TV reruns began airing on the ABC affiliate KTNV in Las Vegas.
<Chess_(musical)>	Chess is a musical with music by Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus of the pop group ABBA, lyrics by Ulvaeus and Tim Rice, and book by Rice. The story involves a politically driven, Cold War-era chess tournament between two grandmasters, one American and the other Soviet, and their fight over a woman who manages one and falls in love with the other. Although the protagonists were not intended to represent any real individuals, the character of the American grandmaster (named Freddie Trumper in the stage version) was loosely based on Bobby Fischer, while elements of the story may have been inspired by the chess careers of Russian grandmasters Viktor Korchnoi and Anatoly Karpov.Chess allegorically reflected the Cold War tensions present in the 1980s. The musical has been referred to as a metaphor for the whole Cold War, with the insinuation being made that the Cold War is itself a manipulative game. Released and staged at the height of the strong anti-communist agenda that came to be known as the "Reagan Doctrine", Chess addressed and satirized the hostility of the international political atmosphere of the 1980s.
<Keith_Andrews_(footballer)>	Keith Joseph Andrews (born 13 September 1980) is an Irish former association footballer who played as a defensive midfielder. He is currently the assistant manager of the Republic of Ireland national football team.Andrews began his career at Wolverhampton Wanderers, where he was their youngest captain in over a century. His club career also involved stints at Hull City and Milton Keynes Dons, as well as loan spells at Oxford United, Stoke City and Walsall while he was at Wolves. While at Milton Keynes Dons he was club captain, and helped secure promotion for his team with a vital goal, helped win his team the Football League Trophy by scoring in the final at Wembley and they were named in the PFA Team of the Year.
<Presidential_Palace,_Warsaw>	The Presidential Palace (Polish: Pałac Prezydencki) is the official residence of the Polish head of state and president alongside the Belweder Palace, located in Warsaw, Poland. Originally constructed in 1643 as an aristocratic mansion, it was rebuilt and remodelled several times over the course of its existence by notable architects. The current neoclassical palace was completed in 1818.Throughout its history, the palace was a venue for important historical events in Polish, European, and world history. In 1791, the facility hosted authors and advocates of the Constitution of May 3, 1791, the first modern European constitution. In 1818, the palace began its ongoing career as a governmental structure when it became the seat of the Viceroy (namiestnik) of Congress Poland. Following Poland's resurrection after World War I, in 1918, the building was taken over by the newly reconstituted Polish authorities and became the seat of the Council of Ministers. During World War II, it served as a Deutsches Haus for the country's German occupiers and survived the 1944 Warsaw Uprising intact. After the war, it resumed its function as seat of the Polish Council of Ministers. On 14 May 1955, the Warsaw Pact was signed inside the Presidential Palace between the Soviet Union and the Eastern Bloc countries. Since July 1994, the palace has been the official seat of the President of the Republic of Poland.
<Görel_Crona>	Görel Elisabeth Crona (born 23 August 1959) is a Swedish film director, actress and singer/songwriter. She had her first role in the Sveriges Television series Varuhuset.Crona is the daughter of Swedish author and jazz musician Börje Crona and author Anniki Crona. She grew up in Las Palmas in the Canary Islands and moved back to Sweden to attend college and study at the Birkagårdens folkhögskolas theater-line. In 1978, she received her first major lead in the theater role of Eleonora in August Strindberg's drama Easter at the Strindbergsmuseet. After this role Crona earned her living as a nightclub singer in Sorrento, Italy. In 1980, Görel Crona was admitted into the two-year theater education in New York City at SUNY Purchase. After that Crona continued her studies at HB (Herbert Berghof) Studio. In 1983, she returned to Sweden and Stockholm where she worked at the Reginateaterns English-language works and at Pocketteatern and Parkteatern. Her big breakthrough was in the SVT television series Varuhuset where she played the ex-prostitute "Ylva" between 1987 and 1988. Other roles include Birgitta Stenberg's alter-ego in the television-movie Apelsinmannen in 1983, the tough policewoman in the television series Anna Holt on TV4 in 1996 and also a role in the series Nya tider between 2002 and 2003. In 2013, Görel Crona made her film director's debut with the film Tysta leken.Crona was in a relationship with actor Rafael Edholm whom she met in 1995; the couple split in 2006. The couple has one son together.
<Tyntchtykbek_Tchoroev>	Tyntchtykbek Kadyrmambetovich Tchoroev (Chorotegin) (Kyrgyz: Тынчтыкбек Чороев (Чоротегин), is a Kyrgyz historian, publicist and journalist. President of the Kyrgyz History Society (elected on 11 February 2012), Doctor of History (1998), Professor of the Kyrgyz State National University named after Jusup Balasagyn (2002). Tchoroev is well known as an independent history researcher, Turkologist and journalist.  Until September 2011, he worked as a broadcaster at Radio Azattyk, i.e. Kyrgyz Service of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty (he was Director of the Kyrgyz Service between 1 January 2003 and 30 September 2010). He was chairman of the Board of the Muras (Heritage) Foundation under the Office of the President of the Kyrgyz Republic (between 30 August 2013 and 4 May 2017).He was born in the village of Echki-Bashy in the On-Archa village area in Naryn district of Naryn region in Northern Kyrgyzstan on 28 March 1959. His grandfather Choro (Choro-Hajji) Aity uulu was a wealthy person, who made a pilgrimage to Mecca long before the 1916 anti-Tsarist uprising of the Kyrgyzstanis.
<Scott_Moore_(screenwriter)>	Scott Moore is an American screenwriter and film director.Scott Moore was born and raised in Honolulu, Hawaii and is an alumnus of Punahou School and the University of Colorado, Boulder.Moore is one of the writers of The Hangover, one of the highest grossing R-rated comedies of all-time.  He works with longtime writing partner Jon Lucas.  They were nominated for Best Original Screenplay in 2009 by both the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) and the Writers Guild of America (WGA).
<Freedom_Union_(Poland)>	The Freedom Union (Polish: Unia Wolności, UW) was a liberal democratic political party in Poland.It was founded on 20 March 1994 out of the merger of the Democratic Union (Unia Demokratyczna, UD) and the Liberal Democratic Congress (Kongres Liberalno-Demokratyczny, KLD).  Both of these parties had roots in the Solidarity trade union movement.  It represented European democratic and liberal tradition, i.e., it advocated free market economy and individual liberty, rejected extremism and fanaticism, favoured European integration (in the form of European Union membership), rapid privatisation of the enterprises still owned by the Polish state and decentralisation of the government.
<Todd_Thicke>	Todd Thicke is a Canadian television writer and producer most known for his work as the executive producer and head writer of America's Funniest Home Videos since the show's premiere in 1989.Before moving to Los Angeles from Toronto in 1982, Thicke studied English literature at the University of Western Ontario in London and at York University in Toronto. He currently resides in Los Angeles with his wife and two children. He is the younger brother of television actor Alan Thicke, and uncle to singer/songwriter Robin Thicke and actors Brennan Thicke and Carter Thicke.Over the course of AFV’s 26-year-long run, Thicke has served in many positions; most notably as the head writer and executive producer, as well as writer, co-producer, and co-executive producer. He is credited with having written the pilot script, and has worked with many stars over the years including but not limited to: Bob Saget, Tom Bergeron, Anthony Anderson, Tracee Ellis Ross, Cristela Alonso, David Foster, Alan Thicke, Billy Ray Cyrus, Howie Mandel, Jerry Seinfeld, Frank Zappa, Jim Carrey, Muhammad Ali, and Anne Murray. 
<Geoff_LaTulippe>	Geoff LaTulippe is an American screenwriter and film director best known as the writer of the 2010 film Going the Distance.LaTulippe was born in Cleveland, Ohio. His father's job as a casket salesman caused his family to move across the United States between numerous cities before they settled in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. LaTulippe attended James Madison University in Virginia, where he studied film and writing.Shortly after moving to Los Angeles, California, LaTulippe was hired as a script reader at New Line Cinema, a job he was offered by his friend who worked at the studio. After working there for two years, he tired of the job, saying that it "start[ed] to suck away [my] creativity". In July 2008, he sold a spec script titled Going the Distance to New Line Cinema, a story based on his friend David Neustadter's previous long-term relationship. The film was ultimately directed by Nanette Burstein and released in September 2010. After selling his first screenplay, he quit his job as a script reader and became a full-time writer.
<Germany>	Coordinates: 51°N 9°E﻿ / ﻿51°N 9°E﻿ / 51; 9– in Europe (light green & dark grey)– in the European Union (light green)Germany (German: Deutschland, pronounced [ˈdɔʏtʃlant] (listen)), officially the Federal Republic of Germany, is a country in Central Europe. It is the second most populous country in Europe after Russia, and the most populous member state of the European Union. Germany is situated between the Baltic and North seas to the north, and the Alps to the south; it covers an area of 357,022 square kilometres (137,847 sq mi), with a population of almost 84 million within its 16 constituent states. Germany borders Denmark to the north, Poland and the Czech Republic to the east, Austria and Switzerland to the south, and France, Luxembourg, Belgium, and the Netherlands to the west. The nation's capital and most populous city is Berlin and its financial centre is Frankfurt; the largest urban area is the Ruhr.
<A_Fire_Upon_the_Deep>	A Fire Upon the Deep is a 1992 science fiction novel by American writer Vernor Vinge. It is a space opera involving superhuman intelligences, aliens, variable physics, space battles, love, betrayal, genocide, and a communication medium resembling Usenet. A Fire Upon the Deep won the Hugo Award in 1993, sharing it with Doomsday Book by Connie Willis.Besides the normal print book editions, the novel was also included on a CD-ROM sold by ClariNet Communications along with the other nominees for the 1993 Hugo awards. The CD-ROM edition included numerous annotations by Vinge on his thoughts and intentions about different parts of the book, and was later released as a standalone e-book.
<Martha_Rosler>	Martha Rosler (born 1943) is an American artist. She is a conceptual artist who works in photography and photo text, video, installation, sculpture, and performance, as well as writing about art and culture. Rosler's work is centered on everyday life and the public sphere, often with an eye to women's experience. Recurrent concerns are the media and war, as well as architecture and the built environment, from housing and homelessness to places of passage and systems of transport.Born in Brooklyn, New York, in 1943, Rosler spent formative years in California, from 1968 to 1980, first in north San Diego county and then in San Francisco. She has also lived and taught in Canada. She graduated from Erasmus Hall High School in Brooklyn, as well as Brooklyn College (1965) and the University of California, San Diego (1974). She has lived in New York City since 1981.Rosler's work and writing have been widely influential. Her media of choice have included photomontage and photo-text, as well as video, sculpture, and installation. Rosler has lectured extensively, nationally and internationally. She taught photography and media, as well as photo and video history and critical studies, at Rutgers University, in new Brunswick, New Jersey, where she was a professor for thirty years, attaining the rank of Professor II. She also  taught at the Städelschule in Frankfurt, Germany, as well as serving as visiting professor at the University of California's San Diego and Irvine campuses, and elsewhere.
<Melchior_Wańkowicz>	Melchior Wańkowicz (10 January 1892 – 10 September 1974) was a Polish army officer, popular writer, political journalist and publisher. He is most famous for his reporting for the Polish Armed Forces in the West during World War II and writing a book about the battle of Monte Cassino.Melchior Wańkowicz was born on 10 January 1892 in Kalużyce in the Minsk Governorate of the Russian Empire, now Kolyuzhitsa, Byerazino Raion, Minsk Region, Belarus. He attended school in Warsaw, then the Jagiellonian University in Kraków, which he graduated from in 1922. An activist in the Polish independence movement, he was an officer in the Riflemen Union (Związek Strzelecki). During the First World War he fought in the Polish I Corps in Russia under General Józef Dowbor-Muśnicki.
<The_Fat_Years>	The Fat Years is a 2009 Chinese science fiction novel written by Chan Koonchung. First published in traditional Chinese versions in 2009 in both Hong Kong by Oxford University Press and also in Taiwan by the Rye Field Publishing Company under the title 'Prosperous Age: China in the year 2013' (盛世—中國2013年), to date it has never been published in mainland China.The novel is set in the near future of 2013, where China has entered a "Golden Age of Ascendancy," while Western nations have stagnated after a second economic crisis in early 2011. Lao Chen, a Hong Kong expatriate and writer living in Beijing, finds himself enjoying the atmosphere of prosperity and contentment. Though suffering from writer's block, he makes a modest living off renting apartments and attends monthly film screenings held at a restaurant owned by his friend Jian Lin (and attended by an insomniac Politburo member named He Dongsheng). Lao gradually find himself pulled into events by his old friend Fang Caodi, who is frantically searching for the missing month of February 2011 (with official records and public memory jumping from January to March), and his former flame Wei Xihong (known as "Little Xi"), a former public security bureau lawyer who now acts as an Internet activist.Lao's feelings of contentment begin to vanish as he listens to Wei and Fang's partial recollections of February 2011 and discovers that any available literature about the Cultural Revolution and political issues of the 1980s (including the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989) are either highly sanitized or unavailable. Lao and Fang eventually follow Wei to the township of Warm Springs, where she is helping a house church negotiate with the local government. After Lao confesses his love to Wei, they return to Beijing.
<Liverpool_F.C.>	Liverpool Football Club is a professional football club based in Liverpool, England. The club competes in the Premier League, the top tier of English football. Founded in 1892, the club joined the Football League the following year and has played its home games at Anfield since its formation. 
<Jackie_Ashley>	Jacqueline Ashley (born 10 September 1954) is an English journalist and broadcaster.Ashley was born in St Pancras, London. She is the daughter of Pauline Kay (née Crispin) and Jack Ashley, Baron Ashley of Stoke, a Labour MP and life peer.
<Deutsche_Bank>	Coordinates: 50°6′50″N 8°40′7″E﻿ / ﻿50.11389°N 8.66861°E﻿ / 50.11389; 8.66861Deutsche Bank AG (German pronunciation: [ˈdɔʏtʃə ˈbaŋk ʔaːˈɡeː] (listen)) is a German multinational investment bank  and financial services company headquartered in Frankfurt, Germany, and dual-listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange.The bank's network spans 58 countries with a large presence in Europe, the Americas, and Asia. As of 2021, Deutsche Bank was the 21st largest bank in the world by total assets and 93rd in the world by market capitalization. As the largest German banking institution, it is a component of the DAX stock market index. It is considered a systemically important bank by the Financial Stability Board.
<Mauna_Kea_Beach_Hotel>	The Mauna Kea Beach Hotel is a hotel property on the Kohala Coast of the island of Hawaii. It sits at Kaunaʻoa Bay. The American Institute of Architects (AIA) awarded the hotel an Honor Award in 1967 citing its "restrained detailing and fine spatial sequences." In 2007, the hotel received honors again from the AIA as it made the top 150 of its "America's Favorite Architecture" list.The Mauna Kea Beach Hotel was developed and constructed by Laurance S. Rockefeller. He visited the newly-admitted 50th state in July 1960, and was asked by Governor William F. Quinn to help develop the islands beyond Oahu for tourism. Rockefeller fell in love with Kaunaoa Bay, the hotel's future location, after going for a swim there. He secured a 99-year lease on the 500-acre location from Parker Ranch owner Richard Smart in August 1961. The hotel was named after Mauna Kea, which is visible above the bay when not obscured by clouds.Original plans, started in 1961, were to use architect John Carl Warnecke and build a series of small cottages, but those plans were abandoned. Instead the firm of Skidmore, Owings and Merrill was hired, and architect Edward Charles Bassett designed a striking hotel structure in the modern style. The open-air design allowed natural ventilation from the trade winds, although rooms had air conditioning available. Hotels with similar designs would be built along the Kohala coast over the next decades.
<Natacha_Rambova>	Natacha Rambova (born Winifred Kimball Shaughnessy; January 19, 1897 – June 5, 1966) was an American film costume designer, set designer, and occasional actress who was active in Hollywood in the 1920s. In her later life, she abandoned design to pursue other interests, specifically Egyptology, a subject on which she became a published scholar in the 1950s.Rambova was born into a prominent family in Salt Lake City who were members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. She was raised in San Francisco and educated in England before beginning her career as a dancer, performing under Russian ballet choreographer Theodore Kosloff in New York City. She relocated to Los Angeles at age 19, where she became an established costume designer for Hollywood film productions. It was there she became acquainted with actor Rudolph Valentino, with whom she had a two-year marriage from 1923 to 1925. Rambova's association with Valentino afforded her a widespread celebrity typically afforded to actors. Although they shared many interests such as art, poetry and spiritualism, his colleagues felt that she exercised too much control over his work and blamed her for several expensive career flops.
<CDP_Equity>	Cassa Depositi e Prestiti Equity (CDP Equity), until 2016 known as Fondo Strategico Italiano (Italian Strategic Fund) is an Italian sovereign wealth fund established in 2011.It has an estimated operating balance of €4 billion. Its purpose is to invest in strategic Italian companies to help them to compete globally. The fund's activity is restricted to healthy and profitable Italian businesses, with solid growth prospects, in need of capital injection to enlarge their business and be competitive on a global scale. The initial capital of the fund totalled €1 billion, with 90% of this sum contributed by CDP and 10% from Fintecna. The CDP is ready to inject a total amount of €4 billion.The fund was set up by the state-controlled lender Cassa Depositi e Prestiti (CDP) on the directive of Economy Minister Giulio Tremonti, emulating a similar fund in France, allegedly after French dairy company Groupe Lactalis SA made a successful takeover bid for Parmalat.
<Larry_Buchanan>	Larry Buchanan (January 31, 1923 − December 2, 2004), born Marcus Larry Seale Jr., was a film director, producer and writer, who proclaimed himself a "schlockmeister". Many of his extremely low-budget films have landed on "worst movie" lists or in the public domain, but all at least broke even and many made a profit. Most of his films were made for television and were never shown theatrically. He is perhaps most famous for his AIP films In the Year 2889, The Eye Creatures, Zontar, the Thing from Venus, Curse of the Swamp Creature, Creature of Destruction, It's Alive!, and Mars Needs Women, all of which were released directly to late night television.Buchanan was born in Lost Prairie, Texas, on Jan. 31, 1923. He was orphaned as a baby and was raised in Dallas in an orphanage. It was while growing up there that he became fascinated with the movies which were shown in the orphanage's theater. He considered becoming a minister early in life, but got into the movie industry instead.
<News_9_Now_/_News_on_6_Now>	News 9 Now and News on 6 Now are American regional digital broadcast television networks that are owned by Griffin Media. The channels simulcast and rebroadcast local news programming seen on Griffin-owned CBS affiliates KWTV-DT (channel 9) in Oklahoma City and KOTV-DT (channel 6) in Tulsa, Oklahoma in their respective markets, along with select other programs. News 9 Now is broadcast on KWTV digital subchannel 9.2 in the Oklahoma City market, while News on 6 Now is broadcast on KOTV digital subchannel 6.3 in the Tulsa market. On cable, the individual channels are available on Cox Communications channel 53 in their respective markets.The services were developed out of News Now 53, a regional cable news channel that operated from December 1996 to April 2011, which was operated by Cox Communications Oklahoma in conjunction with Griffin Communications, and was carried on cable systems within Cox's Oklahoma service area.The concept of the channel dates back to the August 1993 extension of a retransmission consent agreement made between KWTV and Oklahoma City area cable providers Cox Cable (which rebranded as Cox Communications in 1996) and Multimedia Cablevision (whose systems in suburban areas of the city were acquired by Cox in 2000) to continue carriage of the station's signal; as part of the deal, KWTV announced that it would create a locally originated cable channel providing news, sports and weather information for the two providers.
<Kathleen_Beedles>	Kathleen Beedles is a British producer, who has worked on a total of over 2500 episodes of various British soap operas to date. She grew up in Rogart and now resides in London.From 1999 to 2001, Beedles worked as a story associate on Coronation Street before moving onto "Emmerdale" as Story Editor. In 2005, Beedles was appointed Series Producer of British television soap opera Emmerdale, taking over from Steve Frost. She had worked as a  producer and series editor for the ITV soap before taking on the role. During her time on the soap, she was responsible for many major storylines, including the Kings River showhome explosion storyline, and the Tom King kidnap plot. She was also responsible for the Who Killed Tom King? storyline, which was nominated for Best Storyline at the 2007 British Soap Awards. Under her tenure Emmerdale was nominated for a BAFTA for three consecutive years, won an RTS Award and the Broadcast Digital Award for the Who Killed Tom King online channel.In January 2008, it was announced that Beedles was stepping down from her role. She was succeeded by Anita Turner. Her final episode of Emmerdale aired on 29 February 2008.
<Drawing_Blood>	Drawing Blood is a 1993 horror novel by American writer Poppy Z. Brite. Something of a haunted house tale, the novel was originally titled Birdland but the publisher retitled it to make a thin connection to Brite's first novel, Lost Souls, a vampire tale.The novel concerns Trevor McGee, a comic book artist and sole survivor of a family murder-suicide, and Zachary Bosch, a bisexual hacker, and their arrival at McGee's old family home in Missing Mile, North Carolina, a fictional town featured in Brite's previous novel, Lost Souls.Twenty-five-year-old Trevor McGee is haunted by an event in his past in which his underground artist father, Bobby, brutally murdered Trevor's mother and younger brother with a hammer before killing himself, leaving Trevor alive. Young Trevor was placed in an unhappy state home, where he discovered his own talent for drawing but remained alone, obsessed with the question of why he was allowed to live. Now as an adult, he travels back to Missing Mile, North Carolina, to search for answers in the abandoned house where the murders took place.
<A._Maceo_Walker>	A. Maceo Walker (June 7, 1909 – June 8, 1994) was an American businessman who led expansion of the Universal Life Insurance Company, founded by his father Joseph Edison Walker in Memphis, Tennessee. Together with his father in 1946, he founded the Tri-State Bank of Memphis, still a going concern.Before joining his father full-time in the business, Walker earned master's degrees in business and actuarial science. When he started work in 1935, he was the only black actuary in Tennessee.
<Peter_Rodger>	Peter Anthony Rodger (born 6 April 1965) is a British filmmaker and photographer. Rodger is known for his 2009 documentary film Oh My God, as well as his work as a second unit director on The Hunger Games (2012). Rodger has won a number of awards, including from the Houston International Film Festival, the Chicago International Film Festival, the Telly Awards, the Mobius Awards, and the US International Film and Video Festival.Rodger was born on 6 April 1965 as the second son of British photojournalist George Rodger and his American assistant wife, Lois "Jinx" Rodger (née Witherspoon). Through his mother, he is a distant cousin of American actress Reese Witherspoon.
<Central_Library_(Brooklyn_Public_Library)>	The Central Library is the main branch of the Brooklyn Public Library, located at Flatbush Avenue and Eastern Parkway on Grand Army Plaza in Brooklyn, New York City. It contains over a million cataloged books, magazines, and multimedia materials. Each year, over one million people visit the library. The building is a designated New York City landmark.The 352,000 square foot building contains the S. Stevan  Dweck Center for Contemporary Culture, a 189-seat auditorium that opened in 2007 and hosts lectures, readings, musical performances, and other events for people of all ages.  The library's plaza, renovated during the construction of the Dweck Center, hosts concerts throughout the summer and has become a favorite outdoor destination for free wireless internet access.The Shelby White and Leon Levy Information Commons opened in January 2013. The space is used for individual work, public classes, private events, and meetings.
<Whistlejacket>	Whistlejacket is an oil on canvas painting from about 1762 by the British artist George Stubbs showing the Marquess of Rockingham's racehorse approximately at life-size, rearing up against a plain background. The canvas is large, lacks any other content except some discreet shadows, and Stubbs has paid precise attention to the  details of the horse's appearance. It has been described in The Independent as "a paradigm of the flawless beauty of an Arabian thoroughbred".  The Fitzwilliam family, heirs of the childless Rockingham, retained the painting until 1997 when funding from the Heritage Lottery Fund allowed the National Gallery, London to acquire it for £11 million.Stubbs was a specialist equine artist who in 1762 was invited by Rockingham to spend "some months" at Wentworth Woodhouse in Yorkshire, his main country house.  Stubbs had painted many horse portraits, with and without human figures, but the heroic scale and lack of background of Whistlejacket are "unprecedented" in his work and equine portraits in general and "contemporaries were so astonished that a single horse should command a huge canvas that legends quickly developed" explaining why the painting was unfinished, none of which seem plausible or supported by the evidence to modern art historians.  In fact Stubbs's earliest canvases on his visit in 1762 included a pair of much smaller paintings of groups of standing horses, one including Whistlejacket, in a horizontal format "like a classical frieze" with a similar honey beige background broken only by small shadows at the feet.  It would seem likely that leaving the portraits without the usual landscape background was Rockingham's idea.
<The_Outlets_at_Orange>	The Outlets at Orange (former names The Block at Orange and The City Shopping Center) is an open-air outlet mall in the city of Orange, California in North Orange County developed by The Mills Corporation and now owned by Simon Property Group. The anchor stores in this outlet are Dave & Buster's, Guitar Center, AMC Theatres, Neiman Marcus Last Call, Saks Fifth Avenue, Nordstrom Rack, Gap, and Bloomingdale's.From April 1970 to 1996, the site was home to an enclosed mall called The City Shopping Center, featuring anchor stores J. C. Penney and San Diego-based Walker Scott, which would in 1974 become a May Co. branch. It targeted middle income residents, office workers and visitors to nearby Disneyland. The City Shopping Center was the centerpiece of The City, an edge city mixed-use development; in or just outside the mall were two hotels, several office buildings, two movie theaters (City Center Theatres and UA the Movies), gym, three full-service restaurants and a pizzeria, Pepperoni square (owned by Larrys Pizza in Fullerton) which was sold and became Clubhouse Pizza: Sports and Games, a foreign currency exchange and a post office.  The roads around the mall had "City" in their names because they were built as part of that complex.Only two miles away, the small Santa Ana Fashion Square mall was renamed MainPlace/Santa Ana and vastly expanded, growing from one department store anchor (Bullock's) to three in September 1987 and business at The City started declining rapidly by the start of the 1990s. May Company opened a new store at MainPlace in May 1991 and closed its store at The City in July of that year. JCPenney, The City's other major anchor, closed in February 1995. The mall was closed and demolished in late 1996.
<John_W._Brunius>	John Wilhelm Brunius (26 December 1884 – 16 December 1937) was a Swedish actor, scriptwriter and film director.In 1902, he  became   a student at the Royal Dramatic Theatre. After studying abroad, he was employed at the Dramaten in 1905. He was engaged by Albert Ranft as an actor at the   Svenska teatern  in Stockholm in 1907 where he remained until  1925. With spouse Pauline Brunius and colleague, Gösta Ekman (senior), he was the managing director of the theatre Oscarsteatern from 1926 to 1932.  From 1935 to 1937 he was employed by the Göteborgs Stadsteater in Gothenburg.He was married from 1909 to 1935 to actress Pauline Brunius. He was the father of actress Anne-Marie Brunius and actor Palle Brunius.
<Nîmes_Olympique>	Nîmes Olympique (commonly referred to as simply Nîmes) is a French association football club based in Nîmes. The club was founded on 10 April 1937 and currently plays in Ligue 2, the second level of French football. Until November 2022, the club played its home matches at the Stade des Costières.In the 1995–96 season, Nîmes reached the final of the Coupe de France, allowing them to compete the following year in the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup. In September 1996, in the Round of 32, Nîmes beat Budapest Honvéd (4–1 on aggregate), before losing to AIK Stockholm in the next round (2–3 on aggregate).
<Amherst_College>	Amherst College (/ˈæmərst/ (listen) AM-ərst) is a private liberal arts college in Amherst, Massachusetts. Founded in 1821 as an attempt to relocate Williams College by its then-president Zephaniah Swift Moore, Amherst is the third oldest institution of higher education in Massachusetts. The institution was named after the town, which in turn had been named after Jeffery, Lord Amherst, Commander-in-Chief of British forces of North America during the French and Indian War. Originally established as a men's college, Amherst became coeducational in 1975.Amherst is an exclusively undergraduate four-year institution; 1,971 students were enrolled in fall 2021. Admissions is highly selective, and it frequently ranks at or near the top in most rankings of liberal arts schools. Students choose courses from 41 major programs in an open curriculum and are not required to study a core curriculum or fulfill any distribution requirements; students may also design their own interdisciplinary major. Amherst competes in the New England Small College Athletic Conference. Amherst has historically had close relationships and rivalries with Williams College and Wesleyan University, which form the Little Three colleges. The college is also a member of the Five College Consortium, which allows its students to attend classes at four other Pioneer Valley institutions: Mount Holyoke College, Smith College, Hampshire College, and the University of Massachusetts Amherst.
<Duy-Loan_Le>	Duy-Loan T. Le (born 1962, Vietnam) is an engineer and the first woman and Asian elected as a Texas Instruments Senior Fellow.Born in Nha Trang, South Vietnam, in 1962 to a labor-class family, Duy-Loan Le fled to the U.S. without her father and a family of nine in 1975, eventually settling in Houston. Her family joined her in the U.S. few years later.Although Le knew no English when she arrived, she mastered the language fast enough to graduate from Alief Hastings High School at 16 as Valedictorian of her class of 335 students.
<Belinda_Emmett>	Belinda Jane Emmett (12 April 1974 – 11 November 2006) was an Australian actress and singer. She was best known for her roles in the TV drama series Home and Away and All Saints as well as the sitcom Hey Dad..!. She was married to Australian television host, comedian and media personality Rove McManus.Emmett was born in Gosford to Michael and Laraine Emmett and grew up in Umina Beach, on the Central Coast of New South Wales. She had three siblings named Matthew, Shane and Lesley. Emmett went to school at St John's at Woy Woy, St Joseph's at Gosford and Corpus Christi College.
<Danilo_Arrieta>	Danilo Esteban Arrieta Cerda (born 10 February 1987) is a Chilean born Danish former footballer who played as a winger.Arrieta started playing football at the age of 4. As a talented 10-year-old boy, Danilo moved to AGF Aarhus in 1997 and developed into one of the most promising talents in Danish football. His talent was rumoured widely and in 2002, at the age of only 15, he signed a contract with Spanish Valencia CF.
<Let_There_Be_Love_(TV_series)>	Let There Be Love is a British sitcom which aired for two seasons from 1982 to 1983. It was created by the sitcom writing team of Johnnie Mortimer and Brian Cooke, and it starred Paul Eddington (who was also starring in the BBC's Yes Minister at exactly the same time this sitcom went out), Nanette Newman and Henry McGee (who, likewise, also played straight man to Benny Hill at the same time).It was made by Thames Television for the ITV network.
<Villarreal_CF>	Villarreal Club de Fútbol, S.A.D. (Valencian: Vila-real Club de Futbol, S.A.D.), usually abbreviated to Villarreal CF or simply Villarreal, is a professional football club based in Villarreal, in Castellón in eastern Spain, that plays in La Liga, the top flight of Spanish football.This clubs has been founded in 1923, the club passed much time of its history in the lower divisions of Spanish football and began in La Liga in 1998. In the 21st century, Villarreal gained some league stability, although they sustained relegation in 2012, rebounding the next year and then remaining in the top division to date. The club made its first appearance in the UEFA Champions League in 2005, with its best result being the semi-finals in 2006 and 2022. Villarreal also appeared in the UEFA Europa League during this time, and won the competition in 2021 by defeating Manchester United in the final, clinching their first major trophy.
<Lexa_Doig>	Alexandra Doig  (born June 8, 1973) is a Canadian actress. She played the title role in the science fiction television series Andromeda (2000–2005).  She also played the lead female role of Rowan in the science fiction-action horror film Jason X (2001), the tenth installment of the Friday the 13th film series. Since 2015, Doig has appeared in the Aurora Teagarden mystery television film series on the Hallmark Movies & Mysteries channel.Doig was born in Ontario, Canada, on June 8, 1973, and grew up in Toronto.  She is the younger child of Gloria B. Lecciones and David W. Doig. Her mother is a registered nurse who originally came from Dumaguete City, Philippines, and her father is a Canadian engineer of Scottish ancestry who was a petroleum executive officer in Toronto.[better source needed][failed verification]
<Sonnie_Hale>	John Robert Hale-Monro (1 May 1902 – 9 June 1959), known as Sonnie Hale, was an English actor, screenwriter, and director.John Robert Hale-Monro was born in Kensington, London, the son of Belle Reynolds and actor Robert Hale. His sister, Binnie Hale, was also an actress. Hale was educated at Beaumont College.
<Dhina>	Dhina (also credited as Dheena) (Tamil: தினா; born on 15 January 1966) is an Indian film and television series composer from Tamil Nadu, India.Dhina first worked as an assistant musician under popular composer G. K. Venkatesh, later being engaged by Maestro Ilaiyaraaja as a music conductor. He later became a music director for several Tele serials scoring for the title tracks. Some of his popular title scores for the serials include Chitthi, Annamalai, Ninaivugal, Payanam, Nambikkai, Chellamay, Metti Oli among others. It was the Raadhika produced hugely popular teleseries Chitthi that gave Dhina a very big break.
<Alice_Duer_Miller>	Alice Duer Miller (July 28, 1874 – August 22, 1942) was an American writer whose poetry actively influenced political opinion. Her feminist verses influenced political opinion during the American suffrage movement, and her verse novel The White Cliffs influenced political thought during the U.S.'s entry into World War II. She also wrote novels and screenplays.Alice Duer Miller was born in Staten Island, New York on July 28, 1874, into a wealthy and prominent family. She grew up in Weehawken, New Jersey with her parents and two sisters. She was the daughter of James Gore King Duer and Elizabeth Wilson Meads. The family lost their fortune during the Baring Bank failure.
<Muhammad_Yunus>	Muhammad Yunus (born 28 June 1940) is a Bangladeshi social entrepreneur, banker, economist and civil society leader who was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for founding the Grameen Bank and pioneering the concepts of microcredit and microfinance. These loans are given to entrepreneurs too poor to qualify for traditional bank loans. Yunus and the Grameen Bank were jointly awarded the Nobel Peace Prize "for their efforts through microcredit to create economic and social development from below". The Norwegian Nobel Committee said that "lasting peace cannot be achieved unless large population groups find ways in which to break out of poverty" and that "across cultures and civilizations, Yunus and Grameen Bank have shown that even the poorest of the poor can work to bring about their own development". Yunus has received several other national and international honours. He received the United States Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2009 and the Congressional Gold Medal in 2010.In 2008, he was rated number 2 in Foreign Policy magazine's list of the 'Top 100 Global Thinkers'.
<Anthony_Newley>	Anthony Newley (24 September 1931 – 14 April 1999) was an English actor, singer, songwriter, and filmmaker. A "latter-day British Al Jolson", he achieved widespread success in song, and on stage and screen. "One of Broadway's greatest leading men", from 1959 to 1962 he scored a dozen entries on  the UK Top 40 chart, including two number one hits. Newley won the 1963 Grammy Award for Song of the Year for "What Kind of Fool Am I", sung by Sammy Davis Jr., and wrote "Feeling Good", which became a signature hit for Nina Simone. His songs have been performed by a wide variety of artists including Fiona Apple, Tony Bennett, Barbara Streisand, Michael Bublé and Mariah Carey.With songwriting partner Leslie Bricusse, Newley was nominated for an Academy Award for the film score of Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory (1971), featuring "Pure Imagination", which has been covered by dozens of artists. He collaborated with John Barry on the title song for the James Bond film Goldfinger (1964), sung by Shirely Bassey. Newley was also "among the most innovative UK acts of the early rock years, before moving into musicals and cabaret". An "icon of the early 1960s", his TV series, The Strange World of Gurney Slade, "continues to have a cult following due to its advanced postmodern premise that [he] is trapped inside a television programme." Hailed as one of "Britain's most distinctive talents", Newley was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1989.
<CNN>	CNN (Cable News Network) is a multinational  cable news channel headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, U.S.  Founded in 1980 by American media proprietor Ted Turner and Reese Schonfeld as a 24-hour cable news channel, and presently owned by the Manhattan-based media conglomerate Warner Bros. Discovery, CNN was the first television channel to provide 24-hour news coverage and the first all-news television channel in the United States.As of September 2018, CNN had 90.1 million television households as subscribers (97.7% of households with cable).[needs update] According to Nielsen, in June 2021 CNN ranked third in viewership among cable news networks, behind Fox News and MSNBC, averaging 580,000 viewers throughout the day, down 49% from a year earlier, amid sharp declines in viewers across all cable news networks. While CNN ranked 14th among all basic cable networks in 2019, then jumped to 7th during a major surge for the three largest cable news networks (completing a rankings streak of Fox News at number 5 and MSNBC at number 6 for that year), it settled back to number 11 in 2021.
<Lilia_Kopylova>	Lilia Andreyevna Kopylova (Russian: Лилия Андреевна Копылова; born 18 June 1978) is a Russian professional dancer.With her husband Darren Bennett, she has been competing as an amateur since July 1997 and as a professional since May 2003. The couple has achieved considerable success in the professional Latin style of dancing, both nationally in the UK and internationally.
<Jack_Hill>	Jack Hill (born January 28, 1933) is an American film director in the exploitation film genre. Several of Hill's later films have been characterized as feminist works.Hill was born in Los Angeles, California. His mother, Mildred (née Pannill, b. February 1, 1907; death date n.a.), was a music teacher. His father, Roland Everett Hill (February 5, 1895 – November 10, 1986), worked as a set designer and art director for First National Pictures and Warner Bros. on films including The Jazz Singer, Captain Blood, Action in the North Atlantic, and Captain Horatio Hornblower, and as well was an architect who designed the centerpiece Sleeping Beauty Castle at Disneyland in California.Hill attended UCLA, which he attended, he said, for "a couple of years" before leaving to get married and then returning to earn a degree in music. While a student, he played in a symphony orchestra that performed for the soundtracks of Doctor Zhivago and The Brothers Karamazov, and he arranged music for burlesque performers; through this he met comedian Lenny Bruce, whose daughter Kitty Bruce would act in Hill's 1975 film Switchblade Sisters. He went on to postgraduate studies at UCLA Film School, where instructor and former movie director Dorothy Arzner encouraged Hill and his classmate and friend Francis Ford Coppola. Hill worked as a cameraman, a sound recorder (including on Coppola's student short Ayamonn the Terrible), and an editor on student films. His short The Host starred Sid Haig, an acting student at the Pasadena Playhouse under teacher Arzner, who introduced them; this marked the first of several films together.
<Olga_San_Juan>	Olga San Juan (March 16, 1927 – January 3, 2009) was an American actress. Born in Brooklyn, she began her brief film career with Paramount Pictures after being scouted at Copacabana. She performed in several Hollywood musicals in the 1940s and on Broadway in Paint Your Wagon (1951).Olga San Juan was born on March 16, 1927, in Flatbush, Brooklyn, New York, to Puerto Rican parents. Her family went to Puerto Rico when she was three and then returned to New York City two years later, moving to East Harlem. Her singing career reportedly began when she performed with a group of schoolchildren from New York at the White House for President Franklin Delano Roosevelt. She left high school in ninth grade after her father became ill, performing at venues including El Morocco and the Hotel Astor.
<Oak_Ridge,_Tennessee>	Oak Ridge is a city in Anderson and Roane counties in the eastern part of the U.S. state of Tennessee, about 25 miles (40 km) west of downtown Knoxville. Oak Ridge's population was 31,402 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Knoxville Metropolitan Area. Oak Ridge's nicknames include the Atomic City, the Secret City, the Ridge, the Town the Atomic Bomb Built, and the City Behind the Fence.In 1942, the United States federal government purchased nearly 60,000 acres of farmland in the Clinch River Valley for the development of a planned city supporting 75,000 residents. It was constructed with assistance from architectural and engineering firm Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, from 1942 to 1943. Oak Ridge was established in 1942 as a production site for the Manhattan Project—the massive American, British, and Canadian operation that developed the atomic bomb. Being the site of Oak Ridge National Laboratory and Y-12 National Security Complex, scientific and technological development still plays a crucial role in the city's economy and culture in general.
<Kanal_D>	Kanal D, also known as Channel D, is a nationwide television channel in Turkey and part of Demirören Group. It was founded by Ayhan Şahenk and Aydın Doğan in 1993.The network also runs an international channel, Euro D which is available online, and had the first high definition channel in Turkey, Kanal D HD.The text 'KANAL D' is not displayed in its Turkish broadcast. Only the blue earth section of the logo is displayed throughout commercial sections. Kanal D is broadcast via satellite to 27 countries.
<Hendrik_C._van_de_Hulst>	Hendrik Christoffel "Henk" van de Hulst (19 November 1918 – 31 July 2000) was a Dutch astronomer and mathematician.In 1944, while a student in Utrecht, he predicted the existence of the 21 cm hyperfine line of neutral interstellar hydrogen. After this line was discovered, he participated, with Jan Oort and C.A. Muller, in the effort to use radio astronomy to map out the neutral hydrogen in our galaxy, which first revealed its spiral structure. Motivated by the scattering in cosmic dust, he studied light scattering by spherical particles and wrote his doctoral thesis on the topic, subsequently formulating the anomalous diffraction theory.
<Princess_Laurentien_of_the_Netherlands>	Princess Beatrix *Princess Margriet *Professor Pieter van Vollenhoven *
<Rory_Byrne>	Rory Byrne (born 10 January 1944) is a South African semi-retired engineer and car designer, most famous for being the chief designer at the Benetton and Scuderia Ferrari Formula One teams.Byrne-designed cars have won ninety-nine Grands Prix, seven constructors' titles and seven drivers' titles. This makes Byrne the third most successful Formula One designer, behind rival Adrian Newey and Colin Chapman.
<Cedric_Gibbons>	Austin Cedric Gibbons (March 23, 1890 – July 26, 1960) was an Irish-American art director for the film industry. He also made a significant contribution to motion picture theater architecture from the 1930s to 1950s. Gibbons designed the Oscar statuette in 1928, but tasked the sculpting to George Stanley, a Los Angeles artist. He was nominated 39 times for the Academy Award for Best Production Design and won the Oscar 11 times, both of which are records.Cedric Gibbons was born in [[Ireland ] in 1890 to Irish architect Austin P. Gibbons and American Veronica Fitzpatrick Simmons. The family moved to Manhattan after the birth of their third child. Cedric studied at the Art Students League of New York in 1911. He began working in his father's office as a junior draftsman, then in the art department at Edison Studios under Hugo Ballin in New Jersey in 1915. He was drafted and served in the US Navy Reserves during World War I at Pelham Bay in New York.Gibbons joined Goldwyn Studios,[when?] and began a long career with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in 1924, when the studio was founded.
<White_Hart_Lane>	White Hart Lane was a football stadium in Tottenham, North London and the home of Tottenham Hotspur Football Club from 1899 to 2017. Its capacity varied over the years; when changed to all-seater it had a capacity of 36,284 before demolition. The stadium was fully demolished after the end of the 2016–17 season and was replaced by Tottenham Hotspur Stadium as the club's home ground.The stadium, which was known amongst Spurs fans as The Lane, had hosted 2,533 competitive Spurs games in its 118-year history. It had also been used for England national football matches and England under-21 football matches. White Hart Lane once had a capacity of nearly 80,000 with attendances in the early 1950s that reached the 70,000s, but as seating was introduced, the stadium's capacity decreased to a modest number in comparison to other Premier League clubs. The record attendance at the ground was 75,038, for an FA Cup tie on 5 March 1938 against Sunderland. Tottenham's final game at White Hart Lane was played on 14 May 2017 with a 2–1 victory against Manchester United.
<Amelita_Ward>	Amelita Ward (July 17, 1923 – April 26, 1987) was an American film actress. She played supporting roles in over 20 films between 1943 and 1949, generally in B Pictures such as Gangway for Tomorrow and The Falcon in Danger (1943). She was sometimes credited as Lita Ward.Ward's father was Claude "Bud" Ward, a production manager for NBC.Two producers discovered Ward while they were in Harlingen, Texas, filming scenes on location. That led to her first film role, in Aerial Gunner (1943).
<Lahore>	Lahore (/ləˈhɔːr/ lə-HOR; Punjabi: لہور [ˈlɔ̀ːɾə]; Urdu: لاہور [laːˈɦɔːɾ] (listen)) is the second most populous city in Pakistan after Karachi and 26th most populous city in the world, with a population of over 13 million. It is the capital of the province of Punjab where it is the largest city. Lahore is one of Pakistan's major industrial and economic hubs, with an estimated GDP (PPP) of $84 billion as of 2019. It is the largest city as well as the historic capital and cultural centre of the wider Punjab region, and is one of Pakistan's most socially liberal, progressive, and cosmopolitan cities. It is situated in the north-east of the country, close to the International border with India. Lahore's origins reach into antiquity. The city has been inhabited for at least two millennia, although it rose to prominence in the 10th century. Lahore was the capital of multiple empires throughout its history, including the Hindu Shahis, Ghaznavids, and Delhi Sultanate in the medieval era. Lahore reached the height of its splendor under the Mughal Empire between the late 16th and early 18th century and served as its capital city for many years. The city was captured by the forces of the Afsharid ruler Nader Shah in 1739. Although the Mughal authority was re-established, it fell into a period of decay while being contested between the Afghans and the Sikhs between 1748 and 1798. Lahore eventually became the capital of the Sikh Empire in the early 19th century, regaining some of its lost grandeur. Lahore was annexed to the British Raj in 1849 and became the capital of British Punjab. Lahore was central to the independence movements of both India and Pakistan, with the city being the site of both the declaration of Indian Independence and the resolution calling for the establishment of Pakistan. It experienced some of the worst riotings during the Partition period preceding Pakistan's independence. Following the success of the Pakistan Movement and the subsequent partition of British India in 1947, Lahore was declared the capital of Pakistan's Punjab province.
<Drake_Circus_Shopping_Centre>	Drake Circus Shopping Centre is a 425,000-square-foot (39,484 m2) covered shopping mall in the centre of Plymouth, England, which opened in October 2006.The building was designed by London-based architects Chapman Taylor and built by Bovis Lend Lease. Situated behind the ruined Charles Church, preserved as the city's civilian war memorial, the building provoked a mixed reception. Just after it opened, the shopping centre won the inaugural Carbuncle Cup "for crimes against architecture", as the worst new building in the United Kingdom. In 2007 it won two retail industry national awards, one of which was the Retail Week magazine's "Shopping Location of the Year".
<André_Hornez>	André Hornez (12 May 1905 – 9 March 1989) was a French lyricist and screenwriter.Lyricist of Paul Misraki in the years 1930-1940 for which he writes many songs lyrics like Qu'est-ce qu'on attend pour être heureux? (1937), André Hornez then became the lyricist of Henri Betti in the years 1940-1950 for which he wrote the lyrics to C'est si bon (1947) and Rien dans les mains, rien dans les poches which were sung by Yves Montand.Born in Lens in 1905, André Hornez a passion early for architecture and writing. He finally chose writing. He began his career as secretary of Saint-Granier. For him, he writes books magazines and operettas. The author is also hired by Paramount company in Hollywood to write screenplays.
<Susan_Yeagley>	Susan Melinda Yeagley is an American actress.Yeagley was born in Nashville, Tennessee. She earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Southern California.She portrayed Jessica Wicks in nine episodes of the comedy television series Parks and Recreation between 2009 and 2015. She had guest roles on television series ER, Friends, Reno 911!, Curb Your Enthusiasm, Miracles, Everybody Loves Raymond and The Sarah Silverman Program. She also had small roles in Almost Famous, Coyote Ugly, The Thin Pink Line, and others.
<Billy_Jack_Haynes>	William Albert Haynes III (born July 10, 1953) is an American retired professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Billy Jack Haynes.Haynes started wrestling in 1982 at the age of 28. He trained in Stu Hart's Dungeon pro wrestling school and briefly wrestled in Hart's Stampede Wrestling under his given name, forming a tag team with Bruce Hart. He started wrestling as "Billy Jack" in the Pacific Northwest territory but had to change his name when Tom Laughlin (who starred in the movie Billy Jack) threatened to sue him. He added his real last name to the gimmick and continued to work as a babyface. It is rumored that Haynes served time for manslaughter before becoming a pro wrestler.He feuded heavily with Rip Oliver until 1984, when he had a run in Championship Wrestling from Florida where he feuded with Kendo Nagasaki for the NWA Florida Heavyweight Championship winning the title from him. They then had a brief run in World Class Championship Wrestling in 1985, managed by Sunshine. Due to internal conflict between Fritz Von Erich and Billy, he was written out of the organization, jobbing to Rip Oliver in a storyline where Rip bloodies and injured Billy.  He rarely stayed put in any federation that he went to. During that time he faced off against the debuting Shawn Michaels. He started splitting his time between Portland Wrestling and CWF and wrestled with partner Wahoo McDaniel and won the NWA Florida United States Tag Team Championship and in Jim Crockett Promotions where they feuded with Ole and Arn Anderson. He had just begun a feud with The Barbarian over who was the strongest man in the territory when he abruptly left the company after a confrontation with Jim Crockett in his office which became physical.
<Christine_Love_(writer)>	Christine Love (born 10 December 1989) is a Canadian independent visual novel writer best known for her original works Digital: A Love Story; don't take it personally, babe, it just ain't your story; Analogue: A Hate Story; and Ladykiller in a Bind. Love began creating visual novels while in university, making a few small games, visual novels, and pieces of written fiction before coming into prominence with the release of Digital in 2010. She went on to work on Love and Order, a dating simulation by Italian video game designer Celso Riva, as well as don't take it personally, both released in 2011. Her first commercial project on which she was the primary developer is Analogue, released in February 2012; Love dropped out of her English degree during its development, and is currently a full-time game developer. She released an expansion to the game, titled Hate Plus, in 2013. In October 2016, she released Ladykiller in a Bind. Her latest project is Get in the Car, Loser!, a road trip adventure game was released on 21 September 2021.Christine Love was born on 10 December 1989. She began creating visual novels while in school at Trent University. By January 2010, she had made a few small video games; written a novel and a few short stories, which she largely unsuccessfully tried to sell; and had made a visual novel each March for three consecutive years for NaNoRenO (National Ren'ai Game Writing Month), a month-long contest in the vein of National Novel Writing Month (NaNoWriMo) where developers attempt to create a visual novel in one month. In February 2010, she started a fourth visual novel, which resulted in Digital: A Love Story, her first game to receive widespread attention and acclaim. Set "five minutes into the future of 1988", Digital tells the story of the silent protagonist's online relationship with a girl named *Emilia, and a mystery surrounding the "murders" of several AI programs. The game is presented entirely through the interface of a 1980s computer with online bulletin board system posts and messages from other characters; the protagonist's own messages are implied but never shown. Love expected the game to reach as many people as her prior work, "a dozen or so people"; instead, the free game was noticed by video game publications and websites such as PC Gamer and Gamasutra and received much more attention, becoming what Love believes was "a defining point in [her] writing career". Widely praised by critics, Digital earned an honourable mention in Gamasutra's "Best Indie Games of 2010" list. Love felt that Digital's success turned her from a writer into an indie game developer.
<Tony_Tan>	Tony Tan Keng Yam DUT GCB (Chinese: 陈庆炎; pinyin: Chén Qìngyán; born 7 February 1940) is a Singaporean former politician who served as the seventh president of Singapore between 2011 and 2017.Prior to entering politics, Tan was a general manager at OCBC Bank. He made his political debut in the 1979 by-elections as a PAP candidate contesting in Sembawang SMC and won. He went on to served as Minister for Education between 1980 and 1991, Minister for Finance between 1983 and 1985, and Minister for Defence between 1985 and 1991, Deputy Prime Minister between 1995 and 2005, and Coordinating Minister for National Security between 2003 and 2005. 
<UD_San_Sebastián_de_los_Reyes>	Unión Deportiva San Sebastián de los Reyes, also known as Sanse is a Spanish football team based in San Sebastián de los Reyes, in the autonomous community of Madrid. Founded in 1971 it plays in Primera División RFEF – Group 1, holding home matches at Estadio Nuevo Matapiñonera, with a capacity of 3,000 seats.The club was founded in 1971. After several years in the lower divisions of Madrid, the club debuted in Tercera División in the 1985–86 season.Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
<SBS_MTV>	SBS M is a South Korean pay television music channel owned by SBS Medianet, a division of SBS Media Holdings. It features South Korean pop artists, international music, news, and a few reality and variety programs. It was launched in 2001 as the South Korean version of the US MTV. In 2011, it came under the SBS Paramount unit, a joint venture of SBS Medianet and Paramount Networks EMEAA and became SBS MTV. In June 2022, SBS and Paramount ceased their joint-venture, and the channel was renamed as SBS M. During its run as SBS MTV, it carried programs originally from the American MTV, along with a few Asian programs of its MTV Asian counterparts.
<Volen_Siderov>	Volen Nikolov Siderov (Bulgarian: Волен Николов Сидеров [ˈvɔlɛn ˈsidɛrof]; born 19 April 1956) is a Bulgarian far-right politician and chairman of the nationalist party Attack. He has been the editor of numerous newspapers and has authored five books.In 2021, the European Court of Human Rights ruled that Bulgarian courts had erred in not upholding civil discrimination claims against Siderov for his anti-Jewish and anti-Romani statements.
<Lambeau_Field>	Lambeau Field is an outdoor athletic stadium in the north central United States, located in Green Bay, Wisconsin.  The home field of the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League (NFL), it opened 65 years ago in 1957 as City Stadium, replacing the original City Stadium at Green Bay East High School as the Packers' home field.  Informally known as New City Stadium for its first eight seasons, it was renamed in August 1965 in memory of Packers founder, player, and long-time head coach, Curly Lambeau, who had died two months earlier.The stadium's street address has been 1265 Lombardi Avenue since August 1968, when Highland Avenue was renamed in honor of former head coach Vince Lombardi. It sits on a block bounded by Lombardi Avenue (north); Oneida Street (east); Stadium Drive and Valley View Road (south); and Ridge Road (west). The playing field at the stadium has a conventional north–south alignment, at an elevation of 640 feet (195 m) above sea level.
<Hoboken,_New_Jersey>	Hoboken (/ˈhoʊboʊkən/ HOH-boh-kən; Unami: Hupokàn) is a city in Hudson County in the U.S. state of New Jersey. As of the 2020 U.S. census, the city's population was 60,417. The Census Bureau's Population Estimates Program calculated that the city's population was 58,690 in 2021, ranking the city the 668th-most-populous in the country. With more than 42,400 inhabitants per square mile (16,400/km2), Hoboken was ranked as the third-most densely populated municipality in the United States among cities with a population above 50,000. Hoboken is part of the New York metropolitan area and is the site of Hoboken Terminal, a major transportation hub for the tri-state region.Hoboken was first settled by Europeans as part of the Pavonia, New Netherland colony in the 17th century. During the early 19th century, the city was developed by Colonel John Stevens, first as a resort and later as a residential neighborhood. Originally part of Bergen Township and later North Bergen Township, it became a separate township in 1849 and was incorporated as a city in 1855. Hoboken is the location of the first recorded game of baseball and of the Stevens Institute of Technology, one of the oldest technological universities in the United States. It is also known as the birthplace and hometown of Frank Sinatra; various streets and parks in the city have been named after him.
<She_Loves_Me>	She Loves Me is a musical with a book by Joe Masteroff, music by Jerry Bock, and lyrics by Sheldon Harnick.The musical is the third adaptation of the 1937 play Parfumerie by Hungarian playwright Miklós László, following the 1940 film The Shop Around the Corner and the 1949 musical version In the Good Old Summertime. (It surfaced again as 1998's You've Got Mail). The plot revolves around Budapest shop employees Georg and Amalia, who, despite being consistently at odds with each other at work, are unaware that each is the other's secret pen pal met through lonely-hearts ads.The musical premiered on Broadway in 1963 and ran for 301 performances, was produced in the West End in 1964, and received award-winning revivals on each side of the Atlantic in the 1990s (as well as numerous regional productions). Although the original Broadway run was not a financial success, She Loves Me slowly became a cult classic, and the massively successful 2016 Broadway revival became the first Broadway show ever to be live-streamed.
<Ferenc_Tóthárpád>	Ferenc Tóthárpád (Ferenc Tóth Árpád, Szombathely, 17 February 1958) is a Hungarian poet, writer, editor, journalist and andragogist, a well-known author of children's literature.He attended high school in Szombathely and earned a school-leaving examination certificate as a mechanist (1976) and textile technician (1989). Then he went on to become an auto electrician (1978. He obtained his first degree at Berzsenyi Dániel College specializing in andragogy (2000), and later at the University of Pécs as a cultural and adult education manager (2002, with highest honours). In 2008, he earned a degree in child and youth counselling at the Faculty of Health Sciences at the University of Pécs. In 2010, he passed an administrative competitive examination.
<Kiyosi_Itô>	Kiyosi Itô (伊藤 清, Itō Kiyoshi, Japanese pronunciation: [itoː kiꜜjoɕi], September 7, 1915 – 10 November 2008) was a Japanese mathematician who made fundamental contributions to probability theory, in particular, the theory of stochastic processes. He invented the concept of stochastic integral and stochastic differential equation, and is known as the founder of so-called Itô calculus.Itô pioneered the theory of stochastic integration and stochastic differential equations, now known as Itô calculus. Its basic concept is the Itô integral, and among the most important results is a change of variable formula known as Itô's lemma. Itô calculus is a method used in the mathematical study of random events and is applied in various fields, and is perhaps best known for its use in mathematical finance. Itô also made contributions to the study of diffusion processes on manifolds, known as stochastic differential geometry.Although the standard Hepburn romanization of his name is Kiyoshi Itō, he used the spelling Kiyosi Itô (Kunrei-shiki romanization). The alternative spellings Itoh and Ito are also sometimes seen in the West.
<Dan_Hicks_(sportscaster)>	John Daniel Hicks (born June 2, 1962) is an American sportscaster for NBC Sports since 1992.Born and raised in Tucson, Arizona, Hicks graduated from Sabino High School in 1980 and from the University of Arizona in 1984. After starting in radio, he was a weekend sports anchor on KVOA, the NBC affiliate in Tucson. Hicks moved east to work as a sports reporter for CNN in Atlanta in 1989 and went to NBC Sports in 1992.Hicks's primary duties for the network include play-by-play commentary for golf, but he took over as play-by-play commentator for Notre Dame football in 2013, replacing Tom Hammond and continuing on the position to NFL Wildcard Saturday. He called the AFC Wildcard matchup in 2014, where the Indianapolis Colts defeated the Kansas City Chiefs in the second-biggest comeback in NFL playoff history. In 2019 he joined NBC's coverage of the French Open tennis tournament.
<Columbia_University>	Columbia University (also known as Columbia, and officially as Columbia University in the City of New York) is a private Ivy League research university in New York City. Established in 1754 as King's College on the grounds of Trinity Church in Manhattan, Columbia is the oldest institution of higher education in New York and the fifth-oldest institution of higher learning in the United States. It is one of nine colonial colleges founded prior to the Declaration of Independence, seven of which belong to the Ivy League. Columbia is ranked among the top universities in the world.Columbia was established by royal charter under George II of Great Britain. It was renamed Columbia College in 1784 following the American Revolution, and in 1787 was placed under a private board of trustees headed by former students Alexander Hamilton and John Jay. In 1896, the campus was moved to its current location in Morningside Heights and renamed Columbia University.
<FC_Cartagena>	Fútbol Club Cartagena, S.A.D. is a Spanish football team based in Cartagena, in the autonomous community of Murcia. Founded in 1995 it currently plays in Segunda División, holding home games at Estadio Cartagonova, with a capacity of 15,105 spectators.The club is considered to be a continuation of Cartagena CF, founded in 1919.
<Newport,_Rhode_Island>	Newport is an American seaside city on Aquidneck Island in Newport County, Rhode Island. It is located in Narragansett Bay, approximately 33 miles (53 km) southeast of Providence, 20 miles (32 km) south of Fall River, Massachusetts, 74 miles (119 km) south of Boston, and 180 miles (290 km) northeast of New York City. It is known as a New England summer resort and is famous for its historic mansions and its rich sailing history.It was the location of the first U.S. Open tournaments in both tennis and golf, as well as every challenge to the America's Cup between 1930 and 1983. It is also the home of Salve Regina University and Naval Station Newport, which houses the United States Naval War College, the Naval Undersea Warfare Center, and an important Navy training center. It was a major 18th-century port city and boasts many buildings from the Colonial era.
<Annette_Stroyberg>	Annette Susanne Strøyberg (7 December 1936 – 12 December 2005) was a Danish actress. Her films included Les Liaisons dangereuses (1959), which was directed by her first husband, Roger Vadim.Annette Strøyberg was born on either 12 December 1934 or7 December 1936 in the village of Rynkeby, Kerteminde Municipality, Denmark, and is related to Danish actress Camilla Soeberg as the cousin of Camilla's mother. Prior to 1958, Strøyberg appeared as a cover girl, most notably in an advertisement for Tuborg beer. In 1959, she appeared in the film Les Liaisons dangereuses, directed by Roger Vadim, starring Gérard Philipe and Jeanne Moreau. During this production, she and Roger Vadim, a recent divorcé from Brigitte Bardot, fell in love and married on 17 June 1958. Before their marriage, on 7 December 1957, she gave birth to Nathalie Vadim, who went on to be a film director.
<Government_of_Greece>	Government of Greece (officially: Government of the Hellenic Republic; also Greek Government or Hellenic Government) is the government of the Third Hellenic Republic, reformed to its present form in 1974.The head of government is the Prime Minister of Greece. He recommends ministers and deputy ministers to the President of the Republic for an appointment. The prime minister, the ministers, and the alternate ministers belong to the Ministerial Council, the supreme decision-making committee. Usually, ministers and alternates sit in the Parliament. They are accountable to the Constitution. Deputy ministers are not members of the government.Other collective government bodies, apart from the Ministerial Council, are the Committee on Institutions, the Government Council for Foreign Affairs and Defence and others, including particular government policy issues.
<Peter_Grünberg>	Peter Andreas Grünberg (German pronunciation: [ˈpeːtɐ ˈɡʁyːnbɛʁk] (listen); 18 May 1939 – 7 April 2018) was a German physicist, and Nobel Prize in Physics laureate for his discovery with Albert Fert of giant magnetoresistance which brought about a breakthrough in gigabyte hard disk drives.Grünberg was born in Pilsen, Bohemia—which at the time was in the German-occupied Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia (now the Czech Republic)—to the Sudeten German family of Anna and Feodor A. Grünberg which first lived in Dysina (Dýšina) to the east of Pilsen. Grünberg was a Catholic.After the war, the family was interned; the parents were brought to a camp. His father, a Russia-born engineer who since 1928 had worked for Škoda, died on 27 November 1945 in Czech imprisonment and is buried in a mass grave in Pilsen which is also inscribed with Grünberg Theodor † 27. November 1945. His mother Anna (who died in 2002 aged 100) had to work in agriculture and stayed with her parents in the Petermann house in Untersekerschan (Dolní Sekyřany), where her children (Peter's sister was born in 1937) were brought later. The remaining Grünberg family, like almost all Germans, was expelled from Czechoslovakia in 1946. Seven-year-old Peter came to Lauterbach, Hesse where he attended gymnasium.
<Kiyoshi_Oka>	Kiyoshi Oka (岡 潔, Oka Kiyoshi, April 19, 1901 – March 1, 1978) was a Japanese mathematician who did fundamental work in the theory of several complex variables.Oka was born in Osaka. He went to Kyoto Imperial University in 1919, turning to mathematics in 1923  and graduating in 1924.He was in Paris for three years from 1929, returning to Hiroshima University. He published solutions to the first and second Cousin problems, and work on domains of holomorphy, in the period 1936–1940. He received his Doctor of Science degree from Kyoto Imperial University in 1940. These were later taken up by Henri Cartan and his school, playing a basic role in the development of sheaf theory.
<Hapoel_Haifa_F.C.>	Hapoel Haifa Football Club (Hebrew: מועדון הכדורגל הפועל חיפה, Moadon HaKaduregel Hapoel Haifa) is an Israeli football club located in the city of Haifa. The club won one championship (1998–99) and 4 Israeli cups (1962–63, 1965–66 and 1973–74, 2017–18). The team is also known as "The Sharks". The club's home is the Sammy Ofer Stadium in Haifa, in which they have played since their departure from Kiryat Eliezer Stadium in 2014 and Kiryat Haim's Thomas D'Alesandro Stadium in 1955. The stadium, which is shared with rivals Maccabi Haifa, is the second largest in Israeli football, with a capacity of 30,858. The colours of the team's home kit are red throughout. The away colours are white shirts, and black shorts and socks.The beginning of the club was in a local organization in 1924. This organization included several branches related to sports, in addition to branches related to worker movements and the Histadrut. Their goal was to found the first ever labor football club in Palestine, like those around the world. The most acceptable version about the club's establishment says that during Passover, on April 24, 1924, the establishment meeting took place, in a house at the Hadar Neighborhood in Haifa, including 36 representatives of the different authorities. The meeting was led by Yehoshua Sherpstein and Yair Aharony.
<In_Defense_of_Anarchism>	In Defense of Anarchism is a 1970 book by the philosopher Robert Paul Wolff, in which the author defends philosophical anarchism. He argues that individual autonomy and state authority are mutually exclusive and that, as individual autonomy is inalienable, the moral legitimacy of the state collapses.First published by Harper and Row in 1970 as In Defense of Anarchism: With a Reply to Jeffrey H. Reiman's In Defense of Political Philosophy, it has since run to five editions, the latest of which is the University of California Press 1998 edition. It is regarded as a classical work in anarchist scholarship.The book has three parts: "The Conflict between Authority and Autonomy", "The Solution of Classical Democracy", "Beyond the Legitimate State", and an appendix, "Appendix: A proposal for Instant Direct Democracy". The book opens with Part I, "The Conflict between Authority and Autonomy", which Wolff begins by asserting that the moral autonomy of the individual can never be made compatible with the legitimate authority of the state".
<Bakerian_Lecture>	The Bakerian Medal is one of the premier medals of the Royal Society that recognizes exceptional and outstanding science. It comes with a medal award and a prize lecture. The medalist is required to give a lecture on any topic related to physical sciences. It is awarded annually to individuals in the field of physical sciences, including computer science.The prize was started in 1775, when Henry Baker left £100 to establish a spoken lecture given by a Fellow of the Royal Society on such part of natural history or experimental philosophy as the Society shall determine. Clearly, this is to deliver a lecture of scientific interests and importance, and encourage sharing of knowledge with others.Source: Royal Society
<Levante_UD>	Levante Unión Deportiva, S.A.D. (Spanish: [leˈβante uˈnjon depoɾˈtiβa], Valencian: Llevant Unió Esportiva [ʎeˈvant uˈnjo espoɾˈtiva]) is a Spanish football club in Valencia, in the namesake autonomous community.Founded on 9 September 1909, Levante play in Segunda División, holding home games at Ciutat de València Stadium.
<University_of_Delhi>	Delhi University (DU), formally the University of Delhi, is a collegiate central university located in New Delhi, India. It was founded in 1922 by an Act of the Central Legislative Assembly and is recognized as an Institute of Eminence (IoE) by the University Grants Commission (UGC). As a collegiate university, its main functions are divided between the academic departments of the university and constituent colleges. Consisting of three colleges, two faculties, and 750 students at its founding, the University of Delhi has since become India's largest institution of higher learning and among the largest in the world. The university has 16 faculties and 86 departments distributed across its North and South campuses, and remaining colleges across the region. It has 91 constituent colleges. The Vice President of India serves as the university chancellor.The University of Delhi was established in 1922 as a unitary, teaching and residential university by an Act of the then Central Legislative Assembly of the British India. Hari Singh Gour served as the university's first Vice-Chancellor from 1922 to 1926. Only four colleges existed in Delhi at the time: St. Stephen's College founded in 1881, Hindu College founded in 1899, Zakir Husain Delhi College (then known as The Delhi College), founded in 1792 and Ramjas College founded in 1917, which were subsequently affiliated to the university. The university initially had two faculties (Arts and Science) and approximately 750 students.
<Joyce_Brabner>	Joyce Brabner (born March 1, 1952) is a writer of political comics and the widow of Harvey Pekar.Brabner recalls "read[ing] comics when I was five or six years old – including Mad Magazine, her first exposure to political satire. Drifting away from comics as she grew older and discovered that "for the same amount of money I could get on the bus and go down to the library," she nevertheless remembered "a lot of what I'd read."
<Burmeister_&_Wain>	Burmeister & Wain was a large established Danish shipyard and leading diesel engine producer headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark.  Founded by two Danes and an Englishman, its earliest roots stretch back to 1846. Over its 150-year history, it grew successfully into a strong company through the end of the 1960s.  In the 1970s, global competitive pressures, particularly from the far east, began to take their toll.  In 1980, B&W became MAN B&W Diesel A/S, part of MAN B&W Diesel Group, a subsidiary of the German corporation MAN AG, with operations worldwide.  The company still maintains operations at three main sites in Denmark for manufacturing, servicing, and licensing of its two-stroke engines and complete propulsion systems.Hans Heinrich Baumgarten (1806–1875) was from the town of Halstenbek near Pinneberg, in the Duchy of Holstein, an area of Germany that was then under the rule of the king of Denmark.  He was apprenticed as a coffin maker by a farmer whose livestock he cared for.  Later he was a carpenter before becoming a machine minder at the Danish newspaper Berlingske Tidende, whose printing office he later worked for in Berlin.After trying to start a business with different partners, while in Berlin he was allowed an audience, on the subject of establishing a business in Copenhagen, with Crown Prince Christian of Denmark who was visiting.  Shortly thereafter, in 1843 he was granted a Danish Royal Charter and what would later become Burmeister & Wain was launched with the opening of a mechanical workshop in Copenhagen.
<Albert_Lasker_Award_for_Basic_Medical_Research>	The Albert Lasker Award for Basic Medical Research is one of the prizes awarded by the Lasker Foundation for a fundamental discovery that opens up a new area of biomedical science. The award frequently precedes a Nobel Prize in Medicine; almost 50% of the winners have gone on to win one.
<Aliens_(film)>	Aliens is a 1986 science fiction action film written and directed by James Cameron. It is the sequel to the 1979 science fiction horror film Alien, and the second film in the Alien franchise. The film is set in the far future; Sigourney Weaver stars as Ellen Ripley, the sole survivor of an alien attack on her ship. When communications are lost with a human colony on the moon where her crew first saw the alien creatures, Ripley agrees to return to the site with a unit of Colonial Marines to investigate. Michael Biehn, Paul Reiser, Lance Henriksen, and Carrie Henn feature in supporting roles.Despite the success of Alien, its sequel took years to develop due to lawsuits, a lack of enthusiasm from 20th Century Fox, and repeated changes in management. Although relatively inexperienced, Cameron was hired to write a story for Aliens in 1983 on the strength of his scripts for The Terminator (1984) and Rambo: First Blood Part II (1985). The project stalled again until new Fox executive Lawrence Gordon pursued a sequel. On an approximately $18.5 million budget, Aliens began principal photography in September 1985. Like its development, filming was tumultuous and rife with conflicts between Cameron and the British crew at Pinewood Studios. The difficult shoot affected the composer, James Horner, who was given little time to record the music.
<James_Coburn>	James Harrison Coburn III (August 31, 1928 – November 18, 2002) was an American film and television actor who was featured in more than 70 films, largely action roles, and made 100 television appearances during a 45-year career.Coburn was a capable, rough-hewn leading man, whose toothy grin and lanky physique made him a perfect tough guy in numerous leading and supporting roles in Westerns and action films, such as The Magnificent Seven, Hell Is for Heroes; The Great Escape; Charade, Our Man Flint, In Like Flint, The President's Analyst, Hard Times, Duck, You Sucker!, Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid, and Cross of Iron. In 1998, Coburn won an Academy Award for his supporting role as Glen Whitehouse in Affliction. In 2002, he received a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Miniseries nomination for producing The Mists of Avalon.
<Bruce_&_Morgan>	Bruce & Morgan was an American architectural firm based in Atlanta. It was established in 1882 as the partnership of architects Alexander Campbell Bruce (1835-1927) and Thomas Henry Morgan (1857-1940).Bruce & Morgan were the successors to Parkins & Bruce. Senior partner William H. Parkins was the first architect to practice in postbellum Atlanta, having moved there in 1868. Although the firm designed a range of buildings types and sizes, the firm largely focused on designing public buildings (courthouses, schools, religious buildings, etc.).  The firm's major projects often contain Romanesque elements such as bell towers and attempts at classical architectural symmetry. In the twentieth century, the firm's projects shifted towards steel framed skyscrapers in Atlanta. In 1903 the partnership was expanded to include John Robert Dillon, formerly of Chicago, and became known as Bruce, Morgan & Dillon. Bruce withdrew from the partnership in 1904, after which it became known as Morgan & Dillon and later Morgan, Dillon & Lewis. Under Morgan's leadership the firm lasted until his death in 1940.The firm produced many works which are preserved and listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places.
<StreetPass_Mii_Plaza>	StreetPass Mii Plaza (すれちがいMii広場, Surechigai Mī Hiroba) is an application which comes pre-loaded on all Nintendo 3DS systems. In the game, players can meet other players' Miis over StreetPass and online through Nintendo Network, and interact with them.StreetPass Mii Plaza is an application that makes use of the Nintendo 3DS's StreetPass functionality, in which the system can detect and exchange data with other nearby systems whilst in sleep mode. The game revolves around a player's chosen Mii, which can be customised with accessories earned from minigames, along with a short customizable message and some optional information about likes. When new Miis are registered by the system, they will appear at the gate. Up to ten Miis can show up at the gate at any one time, after which the player will need to use them with their minigames before checking for more. Meeting the same Miis multiple times adds extra functionality, such as personalised messages and the ability to rate them. There are also special Miis that appear via SpotPass during special events, such as Nintendo staff members. After meeting another player's Mii, the player can then use that Mii to play a variety of different games, three of them being playable free of charge: Puzzle Swap, StreetPass Quest, and StreetPass Quest II.
<Marjoe_Gortner>	Hugh Marjoe Ross Gortner (born January 14, 1944) is a former evangelist preacher and actor. He first gained public attention during the late 1940s when his parents arranged for him to be ordained as a preacher at age four, due to his extraordinary speaking ability. He was the youngest known in that position. As a young man, he preached on the revival circuit and brought celebrity to the revival movement.He became a celebrity again during the 1970s when he starred in Marjoe (1972), a behind-the-scenes documentary about the lucrative business of Pentecostal preaching, which won the 1972 Academy Award for Best Documentary Film. That documentary now is noted as one of the most vehement criticisms of Pentecostal preaching.Hugh Marjoe Ross Gortner was born in 1944 in Long Beach, California, into a family with a long evangelical heritage. The name "Marjoe" is a portmanteau of the biblical names "Mary" and "Joseph". His father, Vernon Robert Gortner, was a third-generation Christian evangelical minister who preached at revivals. His mother Marge, who has been labelled as "exuberant," was the person who introduced him as a preacher, and is notable for his success as a child. Vernon noticed his son's talent for mimicry and his fearlessness of strangers and public settings. His parents claimed the boy had received a vision from God during a bath, and he started preaching. Marjoe later said that was a fictional story that his parents forced him to repeat. He claimed they compelled him to do that by using mock-drowning episodes; they did not beat him as they did not want to leave bruises that might be noticed during his many public appearances.
<Kayserispor>	Kayseri Spor Kulübü, commonly known as Kayserispor, is a Turkish professional football club based in Kayseri. They play their home matches at the Kadir Has Stadium in red and yellow kits.The team has won one Turkish Cup in 2008 and also finished as Turkish Super Cup runners-up in the same year. They finished fifth in the Turkish Super League four times, in 2005–06, 2006–07, 2007–08, and 2012–13. Internationally, Kayserispor was one of the co-winners of the 2006 Intertoto Cup.Erciyesspor, which was Kayserispor's predecessor, was founded as Erciyesspor with red-white colours. In 1937, Erciyesspor merged with Yılmazspor and changed their colours to yellow-red. It was merged into Kayseri Gençlik in 1940. They were refounded in 1948 with yellow-navy colours. They merged with Kayseri Gençlik in 1949 and changed their colours to yellow-red. They were dissolved in 1951. But they were refounded by Naci Ulucan in 1952. They played in a regional league until 1966.
<Betty_Hay>	Elizabeth Dexter "Betty" Hay (April 2, 1927 – August 20, 2007) was an American cell and developmental biologist. She was best known for her research in limb regeneration, the role of the extracellular matrix (ECM) in cell differentiation, and epithelial-mesenchymal transitions (EMT). Hay led many research teams in discovering new findings in these related fields, which led her to obtain several high honors and awards for her work. Hay primarily worked with amphibians during her years of limb regeneration work and then moved onto avian epithelia for research on the ECM and EMT. Hay was thrilled by the introduction of transmission electron microscopy (TEM) during her lifetime, which aided her in many of her findings throughout her career. Moreover, Hay was a huge advocate of women in science during her lifetime.Betty Hay was born in Melbourne, Florida, on April 2, 1927, to Isaac and Lucille Elizabeth Hay.  She lived with her parents, twin brother, and sister. When World War II began, her father, who was a practicing physician at the time, enlisted in the US Army Medical Corp. The family was sent to Biloxi, Mississippi. They were soon transferred to Fort Hays, Kansas, where the resided for six months before Lt. Col. Hay was deported to the Philippines. After her chaotic childhood filled with many moves and various schools, Hay attended Smith College for four years. In 1948, she graduated as summa cum laude obtaining her BA degree in Biological Sciences.Throughout her life, Hay was always intrigued by animals. During her sophomore year at Smith College, she began research on amphibian limb regeneration with Professor S. Meryl Rose, who became Betty's mentor and close friend. Hay also worked with Rose during the summers at the Marine Biological Laboratory in Woods Hole. Betty's love for drawing pictures of slides and dissected animals are some of the experiences that cemented her aspiration to pursue a career in biology. Rose eventually convinced Hay to pursue an MD instead of a PhD degree, as he believed it would give Hay more opportunities in the future. She then went on to receive an MD degree from Johns Hopkins in 1952 and was one of only four women in the graduating class.
<Lakas–CMD_(1991)>	Lakas–Christian Muslim Democrats (transl. People Power–Christian Muslim Democrats), abbreviated as Lakas–CMD and popularly known as Lakas, was a political party in the Philippines. Its ideology and that of its successor is heavily influenced by Christian and Islamic democracy. The party's influence on Philippine society is very strong, especially after the People Power Revolution, which has led the country to elect two presidents from the party, namely Fidel V. Ramos, a United Methodist, and Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, a Roman Catholic.In May 2009, Lakas–CMD merged with Arroyo's Kabalikat ng Mamamayang Pilipino, thereby being known as Lakas Kampi CMD, a completely new entity. In May 2012, Lakas Kampi CMD renamed itself again as Lakas–CMD after the separation of KAMPI.In late 1985, the Partido Demokratiko Pilipino (founded in February 1982), Lakas ng Bayan (LABAN), and Lakas ng Bansa parties united to form the United Nationalist Democratic Organization (UNIDO) coalition. The alliance supported the candidacies of housewife Corazon C. Aquino and former Member of the Interim Batasang Pambansa Salvador H. Laurel for president and vice president, respectively, in the February 7, 1986 snap election.
<Roger_Scruton>	Sir Roger Vernon Scruton FBA FRSL (/ˈskruːtən/; 27 February 1944 – 12 January 2020) was an English philosopher and writer who specialised in aesthetics and political philosophy, particularly in the furtherance of traditionalist conservative views.Editor from 1982 to 2001 of The Salisbury Review, a conservative political journal, Scruton wrote over 50 books on philosophy, art, music, politics, literature, culture, sexuality, and religion; he also wrote novels and two operas. His most notable publications include The Meaning of Conservatism (1980), Sexual Desire (1986), The Aesthetics of Music (1997), and How to Be a Conservative (2014). He was a regular contributor to the popular media, including The Times, The Spectator, and the New Statesman.
<S.C._Braga_B>	Sporting Clube de Braga B, commonly known as Sporting de Braga B or just Braga B, is a Portuguese football team. It is the reserve team of S.C. Braga. Reserve teams in Portugal play in the same league system as the senior team, rather than in a reserve team league. However, they cannot play in the same division as their senior team, therefore Braga B is ineligible for promotion to the Primeira Liga and also cannot play in the Taça de Portugal and Taça da Liga.SC Braga had a B team until the 2005–06 season where it played in the Portuguese Second Division. Prior to the end of the 2005–06 season, it was announced that Braga B would fold from the Portuguese league system along with the B teams of Benfica, Porto and Sporting. The club refounded itself in the 2012–13 season, when a new set of rules regarding B teams was introduced in Portuguese football system. For 2012–13 season, another five B Teams, alongside Braga B, where refounded and established themselves in Segunda Liga.
<Big_12_Conference_Men's_Basketball_Coach_of_the_Year>	The Big 12 Conference Men's Basketball Coach of the Year is a basketball award given to the most outstanding men's basketball head coach in the Big 12 Conference, as chosen by a panel of sports writers and broadcasters. The award was first given following the 1996–97 season, the first year of the conference's existence, to Kansas Jayhawks head coach Roy Williams.As of 2020, current Kansas Jayhawks head coach Bill Self has won the award six times, leading the league. Four other head coaches, have won the award twice. The voting finished in a tie in 2011–12, with Self and Iowa State Cyclones head coach Fred Hoiberg sharing honors.Three coaches have won Big 12 Conference Coach of the Year in the same season that they have also won a National Coach of the Year Award, Roy Williams, Larry Eustachy and Bill Self. The Kansas Jayhawks has the most Big 12 Conference Coach of the Year Awards with six while the Texas Longhorns are second with four. The only schools who have never had a coach win are Oklahoma, and TCU, as well as former Big 12 schools Colorado, Missouri, and Nebraska.
<Christopher_Franke>	Christopher Franke (born 6 April 1953) is a German musician and composer. From 1971 to 1987, he was a member of the electronic group Tangerine Dream. Initially a drummer with The Agitation, later renamed Agitation Free, his primary focus eventually shifted to keyboards and synthesizers as the group moved away from its psychedelic rock origins. While he was not the first musician to use an analog sequencer, he was probably the first to turn it into a live performance instrument, thus laying the rhythmic foundation for classic Tangerine Dream pieces and indeed for the whole Berlin school sound.After his departure from the group, he founded the Sonic Images record label, a new-age music label called Earthtone and the Berlin Symphonic Film Orchestra, and produced a number of solo music works. After leaving Tangerine Dream, his only live concert was on 9 October 1991 at the Astoria Theatre in London. He performed on stage with Edgar Rothermich (a.k.a. Richard E. Roth) who is also his producer and engineer on all his solo projects and film music after 1990.[citation needed]
<FC_Kharkiv>	FC Kharkiv (Ukrainian: ФК "Харків") was a professional football club based in Kharkiv, Ukraine.After 2009–10 Ukrainian First League season the club was relegated to the Ukrainian Second League. However, they failed attestation when they submitted falsified documents to the Attestation Committee of the Football Federation of Ukraine and their professional license was withdrawn.The current club was renamed in 2005, when it was promoted to the Vyscha Liha for the first time. Originally the club entered the Ukrainian Professional League in the Druha Liha Group C in the 1999–2000 season as FC Arsenal Kharkiv.
<Walter_Veltroni>	Walter Veltroni OMRI (Italian pronunciation: [ˈvalter velˈtroːni]; born 3 July 1955) is an Italian writer, film director, journalist, and politician, who served as the first leader of the Democratic Party within the centre-left opposition, until his resignation on 17 February 2009. He served as Mayor of Rome from June 2001 to February 2008.Veltroni was born in Rome. His father, Vittorio Veltroni, an eminent RAI manager in the 1950s, died only one year later. His mother, Ivanka Kotnik, was the daughter of Ciril Kotnik, a Slovenian diplomat at the Holy See who helped numerous Jews and anti-fascists to escape Nazi persecution after 1943.
<Archaeological_Survey_of_India>	The Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) is an Indian government agency  that is responsible for archaeological research and the conservation and preservation of cultural historical monuments in the country. It was founded in 1861 by Alexander Cunningham who also became its first Director-General.
<Steve_McMichael>	Stephen Douglas McMichael (born October 17, 1957), nicknamed "Mongo", "Ming" and "Ming the Merciless", is an American former professional football player, sports broadcaster, and professional wrestler.McMichael played college football for the University of Texas at Austin and was an All-American. Professionally, he played in the National Football League (NFL) for the New England Patriots, Chicago Bears and Green Bay Packers as a defensive tackle, winning Super Bowl XX with the Bears in January 1986. During his professional wrestling career, McMichael was known for his time in World Championship Wrestling (WCW). He became a member of the legendary Four Horsemen stable and was a one-time WCW United States Champion.
<Banshee_(TV_series)>	Banshee is an American action television series created by Jonathan Tropper and David Schickler originally appearing on the Cinemax network beginning on January 11, 2013.Set in the small town of Banshee in Pennsylvania Amish country, the series' main character is an enigmatic ex-con (Antony Starr) who assumes the identity of Lucas Hood, the town's murdered sheriff, to hide from powerful crime lord Rabbit (Ben Cross). Imposing his own brand of justice, Hood attempts to reconcile with his former lover, Rabbit's daughter Anastasia (Ivana Miličević), who has herself adopted an assumed identity, married, and raised a family during Hood's incarceration. Hood struggles to maintain his new identity while still embracing crime alongside his partners Job (Hoon Lee) and Sugar (Frankie Faison) and coming into conflict with local kingpin Kai Proctor (Ulrich Thomsen).
<Edward_Norton_Lorenz>	Edward Norton Lorenz (May 23, 1917 – April 16, 2008) was an American mathematician and meteorologist who established the theoretical basis of weather and climate predictability, as well as the basis for computer-aided atmospheric physics and meteorology. He is best known as the founder of modern chaos theory, a branch of mathematics focusing on the behavior of dynamical systems that are highly sensitive to initial conditions.His discovery of deterministic chaos "profoundly influenced a wide range of basic sciences and brought about one of the most dramatic changes in mankind's view of nature since Sir Isaac Newton," according to the committee that awarded him the 1991 Kyoto Prize for basic sciences in the field of earth and planetary sciences.Lorenz was born in 1917 in West Hartford, Connecticut. He acquired an early love of science from both sides of his family. His father, Edward Henry Lorenz (1882-1956), majored in mechanical engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and his maternal grandfather, Lewis M. Norton, developed the first course in chemical engineering at MIT in 1888. Meanwhile, his mother, Grace Peloubet Norton (1887-1943), instilled in Lorenz a deep interest in games, particularly chess.
<Edda_Media>	Edda Media was a Norwegian media group that owns a number of Norwegian newspapers, television channels, radio channels and websites. The company is part of the Mecom Group and is the remaining domestic part of Orkla Media. In 2006 the newspapers in the Edda Group had 1,250,000 daily readers, a circulation of 257,128 and 800,000 unique web users. The corporation has 1,801 employees and head office in Oslo.Among the newspapers owned are Drammens Tidende, Fjordenes Tidende, Fjuken, Fredriksstad Blad, Gjengangeren, Haugesunds Avis, Indre Østfold Avis, Kanalen, Kragerø Blad, Lierposten, Laagendalsposten, Nordstrands Blad, Moss Avis, Romsdals Budstikke, Røyken og Hurums Avis, Sande Avis, Sandefjords Blad, Sarpsborgavisa, Sunnmørsposten, Svelviksposten, Telen, Tønsbergs Blad, Ullern Avis Akersposten, Varden, Vikebladet Vestposten, Vigga and Åndalsnes Avis. The company owns Lokalavisene Oslo and also has partial ownership of Budstikka (31.5%), Gudbrandsdølen Dagningen, (24%), Hamar Dagblad (66.9%), Ringsaker Blad (66.9%), Østlandets Blad (79.9%) and Østlendingen (66.9%). Among the television channels are TV Buskerud and TV Vestfold. The websites are organized under Edda Digital and consist of 27 online newspapers as dt.no (Drammens Tidende), sb.no (Sandefjords Blad), tb.no (Tønsbergs Blad) and ostlendingen.no (Østlendingen), and commercial services as tinde.no, toppfotballkort.no and opoint.no,Edda Media dates back to 1983 when the Orkla Group entered the mass media market through the company Orkla Communications, later Orkla Media. The company acquired through the 1980s and 1990s a number of smaller, independent newspapers and local television channels throughout the country, and quickly became one of the big three within the newspaper market in Norway, along with Schibsted and A-Pressen. In 2005 Orkla announced it would leave the media market, and sold its shares in Adresseavisen and Bergens Tidende. The remaining stakes, were sold to Mecom Media, and the company split into three holding companies: Edda Media, Berlingske Officin and Rzeczpospolita. Edda Media retained the Norwegian portfolio of media.  Edda media was sold in 2012 to Amedia.
<Sue_Snell>	Susan D. Snell is a fictional character created by American author Stephen King in his first published 1974 horror novel, Carrie.She is a popular teenage girl dating Tommy Ross.  After tormenting Carrie White in the locker room, Sue begins to feel remorse for her actions. She asks Tommy to do her a favor and take Carrie to the prom in an attempt to make Carrie feel accepted and to ease her own conscience. In this, she has been described as the "godmother" in King's "dark modernization of Cinderella". The disaster that takes place at the high school prom is set in place when Tommy accepts.Sue also appears in the 1999 film sequel, The Rage: Carrie 2, played by Amy Irving reprising her role from the 1976 film version of King's novel.
<Dan_Aykroyd>	Daniel Edward Aykroyd CM OOnt (/ˈækrɔɪd/ AK-royd; born July 1, 1952) is a Canadian actor, comedian, producer, musician and writer. He was an original member of the "Not Ready for Prime Time Players" on Saturday Night Live (1975–1979). During his tenure on SNL, Aykroyd appeared in a recurring series of sketches about the Coneheads, and the Blues Brothers. For his work on the show he received five Primetime Emmy Award nominations winning for Outstanding Writing for a Variety Series in 1977. After his departure, he has since returned in guest roles.Aykroyd gained prominence for writing, and starring as Dr. Raymond "Ray" Stantz in Ghostbusters (1984), which spawned an entire media franchise, reprising the role in Ghostbusters II (1989), Casper (1995), Ghostbusters: Afterlife (2021), and an upcoming sequel (2023), cameoing as a different character in Ghostbusters: Answer the Call (2016). He also is known for his comedic roles in Trading Places (1983), Spies Like Us (1985), Dragnet (1987), and Coneheads (1993), portraying Roman Craig in She's Having a Baby and The Great Outdoors (both 1988), and Elwood J. Blues in The Blues Brothers (1980) and Blues Brothers 2000 (1998). In 1990, he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role as Driving Miss Daisy (1989). He continued his dramatic roles in My Girl (1991), Chaplin, and Sneakers (both 1992). Aykroyd has done supporting roles in Tommy Boy (1995), Grosse Pointe Blank (1997), 50 First Dates (2004), The Campaign (2012), and Behind the Candelabra (2013).
<Fernando_Morán_(footballer)>	Fernando Morán Escudero (born 27 April 1976) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder.He amassed La Liga totals of 140 games and six goals over eight seasons, almost exclusively at the service of Racing de Santander. In a 19-year senior career he added 342 matches and 42 goals in Segunda División, in representation of nine teams.Morán was born in Madrid, played youth football with local and La Liga giants Real Madrid. He kickstarted his professional career with the club's reserves, spending one and a half seasons in Segunda División.
<François_Mitterrand>	François Marie Adrien Maurice Mitterrand (26 October 1916 – 8 January 1996) was President of France, serving under that position from 1981 to 1995, the longest time in office in the history of France. As First Secretary of the Socialist Party, he was the first left-wing politician to assume the presidency under the Fifth Republic.Reflecting family influences, Mitterrand started political life on the Catholic nationalist right. He served under the Vichy Regime during its earlier years. Subsequently he joined the Resistance, moved to the left, and held ministerial office several times under the Fourth Republic. Mitterrand opposed Charles de Gaulle's establishment of the Fifth Republic. Although at times a politically isolated figure, he outmanoeuvered rivals to become the left's standard bearer in the 1965 and 1974 presidential elections, before being elected president in the 1981 presidential election. He was re-elected in 1988 and remained in office until 1995.
<Watt_(novel)>	Watt was Samuel Beckett's second published novel in English. It was largely written on the run in the South of France during the Second World War and was first published by Maurice Girodias's Olympia Press in 1953.In the summer of 1945, Beckett gave the manuscript of Watt to his friend Leslie Daiken, in the hope that Daiken could find a publisher for it, but he failed to do so. In 1950, an extract was published in the Dublin literary review Envoy. The work was finally published by Maurice Girodias's Olympia Press in 1953.
<Bill_Dwyer_(mobster)>	William Vincent Dwyer (February 23, 1883 – December 10, 1946), known as "Big Bill" Dwyer, was an early Irish-American Prohibition gangster and bootlegger in New York during the 1920s. He used his profits to purchase sports properties, including the New York Americans and Pittsburgh Pirates of the National Hockey League (NHL), as well as the Brooklyn Dodgers of the National Football League. He eventually was brought down by the U.S. government through legal actions, leaving Dwyer penniless at the end of his life in 1946.[non sequitur][not verified in body]Born to Michael and Margaret Dwyer, he was raised in Hell's Kitchen neighborhood of Manhattan, Dwyer became one of the leading bootleggers during the early years of Prohibition. In his heyday he reportedly ran a fleet of 20 rum-runners.Dwyer was working as a dockyard stevedore (hired by friend George Shevlin) prior to the announcement of the Volstead Act in 1919. With access to company supply trucks, garages, and other valuable resources, Dwyer quickly dominated bootlegging in Manhattan within a year. His network of garages was able to hide large numbers of supply trucks which, accessible only by secret doors and compartments, were known only to Dwyer and several others.
<Fantasy_Gardens>	Fantasy Gardens, also known as Fantasy Garden World, was a former amusement park in Richmond, British Columbia that was located at the corner of Steveston Highway and No. 5 Road. The park was called Fantasy Gardens because it was surrounded by a series of stone buildings that were designed to resemble structures built during the Middle Ages. The buildings had been used as a backdrop in numerous music videos, television productions, and movies (it stood in for Halloweentown in Halloweentown II: Kalabar's Revenge).Behind the stone buildings were the Biblical Gardens. These gardens were filled with numerous religious icons, including a hedge that had been carved into the shape of a Bible.Fantasy Gardens was home to a massive plant store in the Art Knapp's chain, owned by Frank Van Hest (1932-2005) in 1965. Bill Vander Zalm's son Wim owned several other stores in the Art Knapp's chain.  Many people visited the store to get a glimpse of its turtle-filled pond. This plant store closed its location at Fantasy Gardens, moving to a vacant nursery one mile west along Alderbridge Way and Minoru Boulevard. The Art Knapp's Nursery stores were founded by Arthur William Knapp, a longtime resident of Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.
<Naomi_Wolf>	Naomi Rebekah Wolf (born November 12, 1962) is an American feminist author and journalist, and conspiracy theorist.Following her first book The Beauty Myth (1991), she became a leading spokeswoman of what has been described as the third wave of the feminist movement. Feminists including Gloria Steinem and Betty Friedan praised her work. Others, including Camille Paglia, criticized it. In the 1990s, she was a political advisor to the presidential campaigns of Bill Clinton and Al Gore.
<Vicky_Donor>	Vicky Donor is a 2012 Indian Hindi-language romantic comedy film directed by Shoojit Sircar and produced by actor John Abraham in his maiden production venture with Sunil Lulla under Eros International and Ronnie Lahiri under Rising Sun Films. The film stars debutants Ayushmann Khurrana and Yami Gautam, with Annu Kapoor and Dolly Ahluwalia in pivotal roles. The concept is set against the background of sperm donation and infertility within a Bengali-Punjabi household. Vicky Donor was released on April 20, 2012 at around 750 screens in India. The film opened to universal critical acclaim and performed strongly at the box office. It became a commercial success grossing ₹66.32 crore worldwide, against a budget of ₹15 crore.
<Rebecca_Herbst>	Rebecca Ann  Herbst (born May 12, 1977) is an American actress, known for playing nurse Elizabeth Webber on the ABC Daytime drama General Hospital, a role she originated on August 1, 1997, and Suzee, an alien, on the Nickelodeon show, Space Cases.Herbst was born in Encino, California. She grew up with parents Debbie and Wayne, and has an older sister, Jennifer. She is not related to General Hospital co-star Rick Hearst (who portrays Ric Lansing, Elizabeth Webber's ex-husband), whose surname was Herbst before he changed it professionally. Herbst was a competitive figure skater as a child, and at age sixteen decided to concentrate on acting.
<Joe_Staton>	Joe Staton (/steɪtən/ born January 19, 1948) is an American comics artist and writer. He co-created the Bronze Age Huntress (Helena Wayne), as well as the third Huntress (Helena Bertinelli) and the Omega Men for DC Comics. He was the artist of the Dick Tracy comic strip from 2011 to October 2021.Joe Staton grew up in Tennessee and graduated from Murray State University in 1970.Staton started his comics career at Charlton Comics in 1971 and gained notability as the artist of the super-hero series E-Man. Staton produced art for various comics published by Charlton, Marvel Comics, and Warren Publishing during the 1970s.
<Teatro_Fox_Delicias>	Teatro Fox Delicias  is a historic building in the city of Ponce, Puerto Rico. Inaugurated in 1931, it originally housed a movie house until 1980, from 1991 to 1998 it house a shopping mall, and stating in 2004 it housed a boutique hotel. Its architecture is Art Deco. Originally called Teatro Delicias, it was renamed Fox Delicias many years after its inauguration based on a contract with 20th Century Fox.The historic structure is located across the historic Plaza Las Delicias in the heart of the Ponce Historic Zone. Its location just north of Plaza Las Delicias makes it part of barrio Segundo.
<Gena_Rowlands>	Virginia Cathryn "Gena" Rowlands (born June 19, 1930) is an American retired actress, whose career in film, stage, and television has spanned seven decades. A four-time Emmy and two-time Golden Globe winner, she is known for her collaborations with her late actor-director husband John Cassavetes in ten films, including A Woman Under the Influence (1974) and Gloria (1980), which earned her nominations for the Academy Award for Best Actress. She also won the Silver Bear for Best Actress for Opening Night (1977). She is also known for her performances in Woody Allen's Another Woman (1988), and her son, Nick Cassavetes's film, The Notebook (2004). In 2021, Richard Brody of The New Yorker said, “The most important and original movie actor of the past half century-plus is Gena Rowlands.” In November 2015, Rowlands received an Honorary Academy Award in recognition of her unique screen performances.Rowlands was born on June 19, 1930, in Cambria, Wisconsin.  Her mother, Mary Allen (Neal), was a housewife who later worked as an actress under the stage name Lady Rowlands. Her father, Edwin Myrwyn Rowlands, was a banker and state legislator. He was a member of the Wisconsin Progressive Party, and was of Welsh descent. She had an elder brother, David Rowlands.
<Kathryn_Beaumont>	Kathryn Beaumont Levine (born 27 June 1938) is a British-American former actress, singer and school teacher. She is best known for voicing Alice in Alice in Wonderland (1951) and Wendy Darling in Peter Pan (1953), for which she was named a Disney Legend in 1998.Kathryn Beaumont was born to Evelyn and Kenneth Beaumont in London on 27 June 1938. Her mother was a professional dancer, while her father was a singer.
<SNK>	SNK Corporation (株式会社SNK, Kabushiki-gaisha Esu Enu Kē) is a Japanese video game hardware and software company. It is the successor to the company Shin Nihon Kikaku and presently owns the SNK video game brand and the Neo Geo video game platform. SNK's predecessor Shin Nihon Kikaku was founded in 1978 by Eikichi Kawasaki. The corporation was initially named Shin Nihon Kikaku (新日本企画, lit. "New Japan Project"). In 1981, the name was informally shortened to SNK Corporation, which became the company's official name in 1986.SNK is known for its creation of the Neo Geo family of arcade, home, and handheld game consoles in 1990. The Neo Geo line was halted in 2001 because financial troubles forced SNK Corporation to close in the same year. Anticipating the end of the company, Kawasaki founded Playmore Corporation in 2001, which acquired all of the intellectual property of the first iteration of SNK Corporation. In 2003, Playmore Corporation was renamed to SNK Playmore Corporation. In 2016, SNK dropped the name Playmore from its logo and reintroduced its old slogan, "The Future Is Now", officially changing its corporate name back to SNK.Traditionally, SNK operated primarily as a video game developer, publisher, and hardware manufacturer with a focus on arcade games; however, it has ventured into developing console and PC games. In 2004, SNK started manufacturing pachislot machines, but the company withdrew from the market in 2015. In 2009, the company entered mobile game development. Classic SNK franchises include Art of Fighting, Fatal Fury, Metal Slug, Samurai Shodown, The Last Blade, World Heroes, Twinkle Star Sprites, and The King of Fighters.
<Lowell_Sherman>	Lowell J. Sherman (October 11, 1888 – December 28, 1934) was an American actor and film director. In an unusual practice for the time, he served as both actor and director on several films in the early 1930s. He later turned exclusively to directing. Having scored huge successes directing the films She Done Him Wrong (starring Mae West) and Morning Glory (which won Katharine Hepburn her first Academy Award), he was at the height of his career when he died after a brief illness.Born in San Francisco in 1888 to John Sherman and Julia Louise Gray, who were both connected with the theater; John as a theatrical management agent and Julia as a stage actress. His maternal grandmother had been an actress, starring with the actor Edwin Booth (brother of actor-assassin John Wilkes Booth). Sherman began his career as a child actor appearing in many touring companies.
<Jean-Luc_Godard>	Jean-Luc Godard (UK: /ˈɡɒdɑːr/ GOD-ar, US: /ɡoʊˈdɑːr/ goh-DAR; French: [ʒɑ̃ lyk ɡɔdaʁ]; 3 December 1930 – 13 September 2022) was a French-Swiss film director, screenwriter, and film critic. He rose to prominence as a pioneer of the French New Wave film movement of the 1960s, alongside such filmmakers as François Truffaut, Agnès Varda, Éric Rohmer, and Jacques Demy. He was arguably the most influential French filmmaker of the post-war era. According to AllMovie, his work "revolutionized the motion picture form" through its experimentation with narrative, continuity, sound, and camerawork. His most acclaimed films include Breathless (1960), Vivre sa vie (1962), Contempt (1963), Band of Outsiders (1964), Alphaville (1965), Pierrot le Fou (1965), Masculin Féminin (1966), Weekend (1967), and Goodbye to Language (2014).During his early career as a film critic for the influential magazine Cahiers du Cinéma, Godard criticised mainstream French cinema's "Tradition of Quality", which de-emphasised innovation and experimentation. In response, he and like-minded critics began to make their own films, challenging the conventions of traditional Hollywood in addition to French cinema. Godard first received global acclaim for his 1960 feature Breathless, helping to establish the New Wave movement. His work makes use of frequent homages and references to film history, and often expressed his political views; he was an avid reader of existentialism and Marxist philosophy, and in 1969 formed the Dziga Vertov Group with other radical filmmakers to promote political works. After the New Wave, his politics were less radical and his later films are about human conflict and artistic representation "from a humanist rather than Marxist perspective."
<Mahmud_Gawan_Madrasa>	The Madrasa of Mahmud Gawan is an ancient madrasa or Islamic college in Bidar, Karnataka, India. It was built in the 1460s and is an example of the regional style of Indo-Islamic architecture under the Bahmani Sultanate.  This heritage structure is placed under the list of monuments of national importance. Founded by the prime-minister of the Bahamani empire in the late 15th century, it bears testimony to the scholarly genius of Mahmud Gawan, who first came to Delhi as a Persian trader (in exile) from Gilan in Iran and moved to Bidar in 1453.Mahmud reportedly built the madrasa with his own money and it functioned like a residential University which was built and maintained on the lines of Madrasa of Khurasan. The imposing and spacious building of the institution is considered as an architectural gem and an important landmark of Bidar.
<J_Mays>	J Mays is an American industrial designer who served as Group Vice President of Global Design and Chief Creative Officer at Ford Motor Company, and is now Chief Design Officer at Whirlpool. His name is simply "J", named after his grandfather, S J Mays.Born in rural Oklahoma, Mays started working at his family's auto parts store at an early age. While attending Maysville High School in Maysville, Oklahoma, Mays enrolled in an occupational drafting program at Mid-America Technology Center in Wayne, with aspirations of architecture.[citation needed] After high school, he studied commercial art at the University of Oklahoma before briefly switching to journalism. In 1976, he transferred to the ArtCenter College of Design in Pasadena, California, graduating in 1980 with a Bachelor of Science degree in transportation design.
<Atlanta_Athletic_Club>	Atlanta Athletic Club (AAC), founded in 1898, is a private athletic club in Johns Creek, Georgia, a suburb 23 miles north of Atlanta. The original home of the club was a 10-story building located on Carnegie Way, and in 1904 a golf course was built on Atlanta's East Lake property. In 1908, John Heisman (the Georgia Tech football coach for whom the Heisman Trophy was named) was hired as the AAC athletic director.While it was downtown, its team placed third in the 1921 Amateur Athletic Union National Basketball Championship defeating Lowe and Campbell Athletic Goods 36–31 in the third place game. At the time colleges, athletic clubs and factory-sponsored clubs all competed in the same league.
<Dogville>	Dogville is a 2003 avant-garde drama film written and directed by Lars von Trier, and starring an ensemble cast led by Nicole Kidman, Lauren Bacall, Paul Bettany, Chloë Sevigny, Stellan Skarsgård, Udo Kier, Ben Gazzara, Harriet Andersson, and James Caan with John Hurt narrating. It is a parable that uses an extremely minimal, stage-like set to tell the story of Grace Mulligan (Kidman), a woman hiding from mobsters, who arrives in the small mountain town of Dogville, Colorado, and is provided refuge in return for physical labor.The film is the first in von Trier's incomplete USA – Land of Opportunities trilogy, which was followed by Manderlay (2005) and is projected to be completed with Wasington. The film was in competition for the Palme d'Or at the 2003 Cannes Film Festival but Gus Van Sant's Elephant won the award. It was screened at various film festivals before receiving a limited release in the US on 26 March 2004.
<Fujiko_Fujio>	Fujiko Fujio (藤子 不二雄) was a manga writing duo formed by Japanese manga artists Hiroshi Fujimoto (藤本 弘, Fujimoto Hiroshi, December 1, 1933 – September 23, 1996) and Motoo Abiko (安孫子 素雄, Abiko Motoo, March 10, 1934 – April 7, 2022). They formed their partnership in 1951, and used the Fujiko Fujio name from 1954 until dissolution of the partnership in 1987, upon Fujimoto's illness. The pair was best known for their popular comedies, including Obake no Q-Tarō, Ninja Hattori-kun, Kaibutsu-kun, and Doraemon, the main character of which is officially recognized as a cultural icon of modern Japan.From the outset they adopted a collaborative style where both worked simultaneously on the story and artwork, but as they diverged creatively they started releasing individual works under different names, Abiko as Fujiko Fujio Ⓐ (藤子不二雄Ⓐ, Fujiko Fujio Ē, credited as Fujiko A. Fujio outside Japan), and Fujimoto as Fujiko F. Fujio (藤子・F・不二雄, Fujiko Efu Fujio). Some influences of most of their projects are the works of acclaimed manga artist Osamu Tezuka and many US cartoons and comic books—including the works of Hanna-Barbera.
<Visi_Media_Asia>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Flint,_Michigan>	Flint is the largest city and seat of Genesee County, Michigan, United States. Located along the Flint River, 66 miles (106 km) northwest of Detroit, it is a principal city within the region known as Mid Michigan. At the 2020 census, Flint had a population of 81,252, making it the twelfth largest city in Michigan. The Flint metropolitan area is located entirely within Genesee County. It is the fourth largest metropolitan area in Michigan with a population of 406,892 in 2020. The city was incorporated in 1855.Flint was founded as a village by fur trader Jacob Smith in 1819 and became a major lumbering area on the historic Saginaw Trail during the 19th century. From the late 19th century to the mid 20th century, the city was a leading manufacturer of carriages and later automobiles, earning it the nickname "Vehicle City". General Motors (GM) was founded in Flint in 1908, and the city grew into an automobile manufacturing powerhouse for GM's Buick and Chevrolet divisions, especially after World War II up until the early 1980s recession. Flint was also the home of a sit-down strike in 1936–37 that played a vital role in the formation of the United Auto Workers.
<Translations>	Translation is the communication of the meaning of a source-language text by means of an equivalent target-language text. The English language draws a terminological distinction (which does not exist in every language) between translating (a written text) and interpreting (oral or signed communication between users of different languages); under this distinction, translation can begin only after the appearance of writing within a language community.A translator always risks inadvertently introducing source-language words, grammar, or syntax into the target-language rendering. On the other hand, such "spill-overs" have sometimes imported useful source-language calques and loanwords that have enriched target languages. Translators, including early translators of sacred texts, have helped shape the very languages into which they have translated.
<Peter_Stanley>	Peter Alan Stanley FAHA (born 28 October 1956) is an Australian historian and research professor at the University of New South Wales in the Australian Centre for the Study of Armed Conflict and Society. He was Head of the Centre for Historical Research at the National Museum of Australia from 2007–13. Between 1980 and 2007 he was an historian and sometime exhibition curator at the Australian War Memorial, including as head of the Historical Research Section and Principal Historian from 1987. He has written eight books about Australia and the Great War since 2005, and was a joint winner of the Prime Minister's Prize for Australian History in 2011.Stanley was born in Liverpool, England on 28 October 1956 to Albert Edward Stanley and his wife Marjorie Patricia. The family emigrated to Australia in 1966 and settled in the South Australian city of Whyalla, where Stanley was educated at the local high school. In 1975, he relocated to Canberra to attend the Australian National University (ANU). After graduating with a Bachelor of Arts in 1977, Stanley gained a Graduate Diploma of Education from Canberra  College of Advanced Education (now the University of Canberra), and initially embarked on a career as a secondary teacher, a decision he later termed a career "false start". He abandoned teaching to assume a position at the Australian War Memorial in 1980, and returned to ANU to complete a Bachelor of Letters (1984) and a Doctor of Philosophy (1993).
<Roshumba_Williams>	Roshumba Williams (born August 1, 1968) is an American supermodel who first became known for her appearance in the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition in the early 1990s.  She also works as an actress and reality TV show judge.  As a teenager in 1987, she was discovered in Paris by fashion designer Yves Saint Laurent and quickly became a regular fixture on international runways.Born, in Chicago, Illinois, Roshumba has appeared in such feature films as Woody Allen's Celebrity, Robert Altman's Prêt-à-Porter and the comedy Hair Show. In 1999, Williams published her first book, The Complete Idiot's Guide to Being a Model, a title in the widely read series by Penguin Publishing USA, The Complete Idiot's Guide to.... She also authored the second edition of The Complete Idiot's Guide to Being a Model in 2007. In 2002, she was hired by Entertainment Tonight as a substitute anchor for Mary Hart after a successful season on the red carpet as a correspondent. She conducted several celebrity interviews. From 2004 Roshumba began hosting lifestyle and make-over shows, including Beautiful Homes, Amazing Homes and Fabulous Bathrooms for HGTV; Fox's make-over show, Live Like a Star; WE's Swimsuit Secrets Revealed and Travel Channel's Beach Week. In 2008 she served as a correspondent for Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week. She is a judge on the Oxygen Network's bi-weekly hair-styling competition reality series, Tease, which has been airing since 2007. In 2010, Roshumba became a judge and mentor on the reality television competition series She's Got the Look, in which women compete to become the next great supermodel 35 years or older.
<Umesh_Kamat>	Umesh Kamat (born 12 December 1978) is an Indian actor and model, who predominantly works in Marathi regional films, Marathi television series, Marathi plays and TV commercials.He is known as a star of daily soaps with a series of great daily soaps in recent years. Some of his memorable roles are Adinath Shastri from Asambhav, Nishad from Shubham Karoti. But, the most popular role of him was of Adv. Om Chaudhary in Eka Lagnachi Teesri Goshta, aired in 2013, in which he was paired with Spruha Joshi. His recent film was Mumbai Time, which was released in February 2016.
<Stuart_Erwin>	Stuart Erwin (February 14, 1903 – December 21, 1967) was an American actor of stage, film, and television.Erwin was born in Squaw Valley, Fresno County, California. He attended Porterville High School and the University of California.
<John_E._McMurry>	John E. McMurry (born July 27, 1942, in New York City) is Professor Emeritus in the Department of Chemistry and Chemical Biology at Cornell University. He received an A.B. from Harvard University in 1964 and his Ph.D. from Columbia University in 1967 working with Gilbert Stork. Following completion of his Ph.D., he joined the faculty of the University of California, Santa Cruz in 1967 and moved to Cornell University in 1980.The author of more than 100 research papers, McMurry is best known scientifically for his development of the McMurry reaction, in which two molecules of ketone or aldehyde are coupled to give an alkene when treated with titanium(III) chloride and a reducing agent such as Zn(Cu). The reaction has been widely used by the chemical community in the laboratory synthesis of many complex organic molecules and by the pharmaceutical industry in the commercial synthesis of several drugs.[citation needed] McMurry was elected a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 1985 and received a Max Planck Society Research Award in 1991.[citation needed]In addition to his scientific work, McMurry is the author of 45 undergraduate chemistry textbooks that have been translated into 12 languages and used throughout the world. McMurry's most popular textbook Organic Chemistry was first printed in 1984. In 2022, he sold the rights for the book to OpenStax making it free for the user. Among his other texts are:
<Rich_Brooks>	Richard Llewellyn Brooks (born August 20, 1941) is a retired American football player and coach. He was the head coach at the University of Oregon from 1977 to 1994, the National Football League's St. Louis Rams from 1995 to 1996, and the University of Kentucky from 2003 to 2009.Brooks' 1994 Oregon team won the Pac-10 title and played in the 1995 Rose Bowl. For his efforts that season, he won a number of national coaching awards. The University of Oregon named the field at Autzen Stadium Rich Brooks Field in honor of his 18 seasons as coach for the Ducks.Brooks attended Oregon State University in Corvallis, where he majored in physical education and played defensive back for the football team under head coach Tommy Prothro. He received his bachelor's degree in 1963 and completed his master's degree in education at Oregon State the next year. He was also a member of Phi Delta Theta fraternity at Oregon State.
<Maria_Karnilova>	Maria Karnilova (August 3, 1920 – April 20, 2001) was an American dancer and actress. She was initially known legally as Maria Karniloff.She was born in Hartford, Connecticut, the daughter of Filip (Philip) and Stefanida Dovgolenko (or Dowholonok), emigrants from Tsarist Russia. The family later moved to Brooklyn, New York. She started her professional career in 1927 in the Children's Ballet of the Metropolitan Opera and joined the corps when Ballet Theater, now American Ballet Theater, was founded in 1939. She adopted the name Karniloff, and later, Karnilova as her professional name. Her professional surname was often ascribed as her own mother's maiden name, however, that is inaccurate as her mother's maiden name was "Shlonskaya".Karnilova made her Broadway debut in 1946 in Call Me Mister. She won the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical for the original 1964 production of Fiddler on the Roof starring Zero Mostel and was nominated as Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical for Zorba (1968).
<Redundant_(play)>	Redundant by Leo Butler premiered at the Royal Court Theatre in 2001 starring Lyndsey Marshal and directed by Dominic Cooke.Set in seventeen-year-old Lucy's Sheffield council flat, the play follows a year in the promiscuous teenager's life as she makes one disastrous choice after another.  It is a dark, often humorous, examination of social poverty. In the introduction in his collected volume of plays, Butler writes of his central character, "Though she is a victim of poverty - in particular, poverty of imagination and of opportunity - Lucy is never a victim in her own home. She never gives up, and both her dreams, however delusional, and her tough, oppositional spirit remain unspoiled even by the end of the play."
<Art_Attack>	Art Attack is a British children's television programme revolving around art, currently hosted by Lloyd Warbey on Disney Junior, and originally airing on CITV hosted by Neil Buchanan from 1990 to 2007.The original programme aired on CITV between 15 June 1990 and 19 May 2007, and was presented by one of its creators, Neil Buchanan, throughout. Buchanan also wrote and produced the programme, and came up with a majority of the creative ideas.
<Nairobi>	Nairobi (/naɪˈroʊbi/ ny-ROH-bee) is the capital and largest city of Kenya. The name is derived from the Maasai phrase Enkare Nairobi, which translates to "place of cool waters", a reference to the Nairobi River which flows through the city. The city proper had a population of 4,397,073 in the 2019 census, while the metropolitan area has a projected population in 2022 of 10.8 million. The city is commonly referred to as the Green City in the Sun.Nairobi was founded in 1899 by colonial authorities in British East Africa, as a rail depot on the Uganda - Kenya Railway. The town quickly grew to replace Mombasa as the capital of Kenya in 1907. After independence in 1963, Nairobi became the capital of the Republic of Kenya. During Kenya's colonial period, the city became a centre for the colony's coffee, tea and sisal industry. The city lies in the south central part of Kenya, at an elevation of 1,795 metres (5,889 ft).
<Muhammad_Suhail_Zubairy>	Muhammad Suhail Zubairy, HI, SI, FPAS (born 19 October 1952), is a University Distinguished Professor as of 2014 in the Department of Physics and Astronomy at the Texas A&M University and is the inaugural holder of the Munnerlyn-Heep Chair in Quantum Optics.In 2017, Prof. Suhail Zubairy was awarded the Changjiang Distinguished Chair at Huazhong University of Science and Technology. This is the highest award of the Chinese Government to a university professor and is rarely given to a non-Chinese. He has made pioneering contributions in the fields of Quantum computing, laser physics and quantum optics. He has authored and co-authored several books and over 300 research papers on a wide variety of research problems relating to theoretical physics. His research and work has been widely recognised by the physics community and he has won many international awards. In addition, he took part as the lead lecturer in the Casper College Quantum Science Camp during July 2022.
<Yaman_Okay>	Yaman Okay (1951 – 19 February 1993) was a Turkish actor. He won the 1981 Golden Orange Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in On Fertile Lands.Okay was married since 1984 to actress and screenwriter Meral Okay. He died of pancreatic cancer in 1993 and was buried in the Zincirlikuyu Cemetery.This article about a Turkish actor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<The_World_of_Suzie_Wong_(film)>	The World of Suzie Wong is a 1960 British-American romantic drama film directed by Richard Quine and starring William Holden and Nancy Kwan. The screenplay by John Patrick was adapted from the 1958 stage play by Paul Osborn, which was based on the 1957 novel of the same title by Richard Mason.American architect Robert Lomax (William Holden) moves to Hong Kong for a year to see if he can make a living as a painter. Whilst aboard the Star Ferry, en route to Hong Kong Island, he meets a smartly dressed young woman of seemingly lofty social status. She eventually introduces herself as Mei Ling (Nancy Kwan) and says that her father is very wealthy. When the ferry docks, they go their separate ways.
<This_Is_England>	This Is England is a 2006 British drama film written and directed by Shane Meadows. The story centres on young skinheads in England in 1983. The film illustrates how their subculture, which has its roots in 1960s West Indies culture, especially ska, soul, and reggae music, became influenced by the far-right, especially white nationalists and white supremacists, which led to divisions within the skinhead scene. The film's title is a direct reference to a scene where the character Combo explains his nationalist views using the phrase "this is England" during his speech.In July 1983, Shaun is a troubled 12-year-old boy who lives with his widowed mother and is frequently antagonised in school and around town. On the last day of the school year, Shaun gets into a fight at school with a boy named Harvey after the latter makes an offensive joke about his father, who was killed in the Falklands War. On his way home, Shaun comes across a gang of young skinheads led by Woody, who feels sympathy for Shaun and invites him to join the group. He introduces Shaun to Milky, the only black skinhead of the gang; Pukey, Kes, and the overweight, dim-witted Gadget. Despite some initial hostilities between Shaun and Gadget, the gang accepts Shaun as a member. Shaun bonds closely with Richard "Woody" Woodford, viewing him a big brother figure, and his girlfriend Lorraine "Lol" Jenkins, who takes a motherly role towards him. Shaun also develops a romantic relationship with Michelle, also known as Smell, an older girl who dresses in a new wave, new romantic style.
<University_of_Wisconsin–Milwaukee>	The University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee (UW–Milwaukee, UWM, or Milwaukee) is a public urban research university in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. It is the largest university in the Milwaukee metropolitan area and a member of the University of Wisconsin System. It is also one of the two doctoral degree-granting public universities and the second largest university in Wisconsin.The university consists of 14 schools and colleges, including the only graduate school of freshwater science in the U.S., the first CEPH accredited dedicated school of public health in Wisconsin, and the state's only school of architecture. As of the 2015–2016 school year, the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee had an enrollment of 27,156, with 1,604 faculty members, offering 191 degree programs, including 94 bachelor's, 64 master's and 33 doctorate degrees.The university is classified among "R1: Doctoral Universities – Highest research activity". In 2018, the university had a research expenditure of $55 million.
<LECOM_Park>	LECOM Park is a baseball field located in Bradenton, Florida.  It is the spring training home of the Pittsburgh Pirates and is named after a 15-year naming rights deal was signed with the Lake Erie College of Osteopathic Medicine, which has its main campus in Erie, Pennsylvania, and also a campus in Bradenton.  It was formerly known as McKechnie Field, named for Bradenton resident and Baseball Hall of Fame great Bill McKechnie, who led the Pirates in 1925 and the Cincinnati Reds in 1940 to World Series titles.  He was also a coach with the Cleveland Indians in 1948.  Several members of the Baseball Hall of Fame, such as Bert Blyleven, Roberto Clemente, Willie Stargell, Bill Mazeroski, Roberto Alomar, Wade Boggs, Roy Halladay, Jack Morris, Mariano Rivera, Ivan Rodriguez, Babe Ruth, Mike Schmidt and Ted Williams, have played at LECOM Park. The stadium also hosts Minor League Baseball games for the Bradenton Marauders, the Pirates' Single-A affiliate in the Florida State League.
<Sunil_Kumar_Ahuja>	Sunil Kumar Ahuja (born March 13, 1961) is a professor of Medicine, Microbiology, Immunology & Biochemistry at the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio and an expert on the role of immunogenetics on HIV pathogenesis. Ahuja is also the Director of the Veterans Administration Research Center for AIDS and HIV-1 Infection. His most recent work, first published in the 2005 issue of Science, involves the ethnic group-specific role of CCR5 haplotype and CCL3L1 gene copy number on the progression of HIV to AIDS.Sunil Ahuja received his medical degree from the Armed Forces Medical College India in 1983.  Following work towards a M.Sc. degree from the University of Alberta in Canada, Ahuja had his internship and residency at the SUNY Health Science Center at Brooklyn.Sunil Ahuja's research has been published in many  peer-reviewed journals, including Science, The New England Journal of Medicine, Nature Medicine, Nature Immunology and Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
<Adrian_van_Hooydonk>	Adrian van Hooydonk (born 21 June 1964 in Echt, Limburg), is a Dutch automobile designer and  BMW Group's Design Director. He is based in Munich, Germany.He studied at Delft University of Technology in the Netherlands, where he received his diploma in 1988. His career started off with one year as a freelance designer, followed in 1989 as a product designer with GE Plastics Europe, and then returned to study Automotive Design Studies at Art Center Europe in Vevey, Switzerland.He joined BMW in 1992 as an automotive exterior designer in Munich, Germany. In 2000 he was Head of Automotive Exterior Design at BMW's industrial design centre DesignworksUSA, quickly becoming the president of Designworks in 2001. He left Designworks in 2005 to be promoted to head up the Brand Design Studio, under the direction of the BMW Group Design Director Chris Bangle, and in 2009 became Director of BMW Group Design, succeeding Chris Bangle as the head of design for the company. As head of group design he oversees the design work of BMW, Mini and Rolls-Royce. He credits Italian architect Mario Bellini as one of his most influential designers.
<Gordon_Gunter>	Gordon Gunter (August 18, 1909 – December 19, 1998) was an American marine biologist and fisheries scientist. He is noted for his pioneering study of fisheries in the northern Gulf of Mexico, a topic to which he devoted his entire professional life over a career spanning 60 years. His own research, and that of the scientists under his direction, established an understanding of the ecology, comparative physiology of the plant and animal life, and commercial fisheries of the region, and he coined the phrase "fertile fisheries crescent" to refer to Mississippi Sound and adjacent waters along the United States Gulf Coast. He also pioneered the study of the comparative physiology of shellfish and fish.Gordon Pennington Gunter was born in  Goldonna, Louisiana, on August 18, 1909. Arriving at Louisiana State Normal College in Natchitoches, Louisiana, with plans to study to become a lawyer or a French scholar, he instead took a strong interest in biology as soon as he took his first college course in the subject, and he graduated in 1929 with a Bachelor of Arts in Zoology. He then attended the University of Texas in Austin, Texas, to study bacteriology and received a master's degree in 1931.After graduation, Gunter became a researcher for the United States Bureau of Fisheries, studying shrimp and oysters in Louisiana and Florida. He also studied ichthyology at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography in La Jolla, California, and participated in the U.S. Engineers Office′s Debris Dam Fisheries Survey.
<Robert_E._Sherwood>	Robert Emmet Sherwood (April 4, 1896 – November 14, 1955) was an American playwright and screenwriter.He is the author of Waterloo Bridge, Idiot's Delight, Abe Lincoln in Illinois, Rebecca, There Shall Be No Night, The Best Years of Our Lives and The Bishop's Wife.He received Pulitzer Prize for Drama (1936, 1939, 1941), Academy Award for Best Screenplay (1947) and Pulitzer Prize for Biography (1948) awards.
<Ahn_Hyo-yeon>	An Hyo-Yeon (Korean: 안효연; Korean pronunciation: [an.ɦjo.jʌn] or [an] [hjo.jʌn]; born 16 April 1978 in Incheon) is a South Korean retired footballer who played as striker.His previous clubs were Kyoto Purple Sanga and Yokohama FC in Japan, Busan I'cons, Suwon Samsung Bluewings, Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma and Chunnam Dragons in South Korea. He was also registered as a Home United player in the S.League when their player registration period opens in June 2010. In September 2010 he joined Persela Lamongan before left in early January 2011.
<Geoffrey_Bawa>	Deshamanya Geoffrey Manning Bawa, FRIBA (23 July 1919 – 27 May 2003) was a Sri Lankan architect. He was among the most influential Asian architects of his generation. Geoffrey Bawa was born in Colombo on 23 July 1919, the youngest of two sons to Major Benjamin Bawa, Sri Lankan lawyer, who was of part European parentage, and Bertha Marianne née Schrader, a Burgher of mixed Sinhalese, German and Scottish descent. His older brother, Bevis, became a landscape architect.
<One_Minute_Please>	One Minute Please is a panel quiz show hosted by Ernie Kovacs aired on the DuMont Television Network from 6 July 1954 to 17 February 1955 on Tuesdays at 9pm ET.Panelists were given a topic and had to talk about the subject for one minute nonstop. The panelist who talked the most was the winner.
<Gerardo_Roxas_Jr.>	Gerardo "Dinggoy" Araneta Roxas Jr. (October 21, 1960 – April 4, 1993), popularly known simply as Dinggoy Roxas and sometimes referred as Gerry Roxas Jr., was a Filipino politician who served as a former congressman from Capiz. He was the brother of former Senator and Secretary of the Interior and Local Government Mar Roxas and grandson of former President Manuel Roxas.Born Gerardo Araneta Roxas Jr. on October 21, 1960 in Manila, Philippines to Gerardo Roxas (1924–1982) of Capiz and Judy Araneta of Bago, Negros Occidental. Roxas' father was a senator from 1963 to 1972 and was the only son of Manuel Roxas, the fifth President of the Philippines, and Trinidad de Leon. The couple married in 1955. He has two siblings, namely Maria "Ria" Lourdes, married to Augusto Ojeda and mother of three, and Mar Roxas, married to broadcaster Korina Sanchez with his son Paolo Roxas and twins Pilar and Pepe.Like his father before him, he joined the Upsilon Sigma Phi while studying at the University of the Philippines.
<Rock_Island_Independents>	The Rock Island Independents were a professional American football team, based in Rock Island, Illinois, from 1907 to 1926. The Independents were a founding National Football League franchise. They hosted what has been retrospectively designated the first National Football League game on September 26, 1920 at Douglas Park. The Independents were founded in 1907 by Demetrius Clements as an independent football club. Hence, the team was named the "Independents."In 1926, the Independents left the NFL to become a charter member of the first American Football League, the only NFL team to do so. The Independents then folded along with the entire league in 1927.
<Lippo_Centre_(Hong_Kong)>	Lippo Centre (traditional Chinese: 力寶中心; simplified Chinese: 力宝中心; Jyutping: lik6 bou2 zung1 sam1; pinyin: Lìbǎo Zhōngxīn), previously known as the Bond Centre (traditional Chinese: 奔達中心; simplified Chinese: 奔达中心; Jyutping: ban1 daat6 zung1 sam1), is a twin tower skyscraper complex completed in 1988 at 89 Queensway, in Admiralty on Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong near Admiralty station. Tower I is 172 m (564.3 ft) with 44 storeys, and Tower II is 186 m (610.2 ft) with 48 storeys.The Lippo Centre is a landmark development located in the heart of Admiralty comprising approximately 1.3 million sq.ft. in two office towers with a retail podium element situated on the ground floors and a small basement car park.On completion in late 1987, Savills Investment Management began managing the Lippo Centre. Since 1988, the landmark has been riddled with spectacular corporate collapses in its ownership. Relatives of the Singapore-based Kwee Liong Tek family had a majority consortium interest in the construction from its conception[citation needed], later selling their majority interest half-way through construction to British-born Australian business tycoon Alan Bond, who went bankrupt four years later with the collapse of the Bond Corporation. It has had several corporate ownership failures since and was eventually taken over by Peregrine Investments Holdings who also faced financial collapse, and the Indonesian-backed Lippo Group who are the largest single owner of the building. Local feng shui consultants have suggested the building has bad feng-shui based on the C-shaped glass-walled extrusions (often referred to locally as resembling koalas clinging to a tree), although Peregrine's own feng-shui consultant gave the towers a clean bill of health.
<Waverly_Hills_Sanatorium>	The Waverly Hills Sanatorium is a former sanatorium located in southwestern Louisville/Jefferson County, Kentucky.It opened in 1910 as a two-story hospital to accommodate 40 to 50 tuberculosis patients. In the early 1900s, Jefferson County was ravaged by an outbreak of tuberculosis – known as the "White Plague" – which prompted the construction of a new hospital. The hospital closed in 1961, due to the antibiotic drug streptomycin that lowered the need for such a hospital. There were original plans to turn the abandoned hospital into a hotel, but that is no longer the case.
<Hall_Bartlett>	Hall Bartlett (November 27, 1922 – September 7, 1993) was an American film producer, director, and screenwriter.Hall Bartlett was born in Kansas City, Missouri, he graduated from Yale University Phi Beta Kappa, and was a Rhodes Scholar nominee.[citation needed] He served five years in Naval intelligence, then started his film making career when he began producing the documentary film Navajo, the first contemporary picture to focus attention on the plight of the American Indian. Bartlett was also the first filmmaker to do a picture about professional football: his film Crazylegs was the story of superstar Elroy Hirsch.
<Dheeraj_Dhoopar>	Dheeraj Dhoopar (born 20 December 1984) is an Indian actor and model who appears in Hindi television. He is best known for his portrayal of Prem Bharadwaj in Sasural Simar Ka and Karan Luthra in Kundali Bhagya for which he received several awards including Gold Awards and Indian Television Academy Awards for Best Actor Male (Popular).Dhoopar was born to Sushil Dhoopar on 20 December 1984. He married actress Vinny Arora on 16 November 2016 in Delhi. They first met on the sets of Maat Pitaah Ke Charnon Mein Swarg. In April 2022, they announced that they were expecting their first child. On 10 August 2022, the couple had their first child, a boy, Zayn.
<Leytonstone>	Leytonstone (/ˈleɪtənˌstoʊn/) is an area in east London, England, 7 miles (11 km) north-east of Charing Cross. Part of the London Borough of Waltham Forest, a local authority district of Greater London. It adjoins Wanstead to the north-east, Forest Gate to the south-east, Stratford to the south-west, Leyton to the west, and Walthamstow to the north-west.Historically part of the ancient parish of Leyton in the Becontree hundred of Essex, the first documented evidence of settlement is from the 14th century, describing a hamlet at ‘Leyton-atte-stone’; a reference to the Roman milestone located within the area, that formed a northerm boundary of the parish. It remained largely rural until the 19th century, becoming part of the London postal district in 1856, the same year its railway station was opened (now on the Central line). When Greater London was created in 1965, the Municipal Borough of Leyton merged with Chingford and Walthamstow to form the London Borough of Waltham Forest.
<Joanne_Dorian>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Fulham>	Fulham (/ˈfʊləm/) is an area of the London Borough of Hammersmith & Fulham in West London, England, 3.6 miles (5.8 km) southwest of Charing Cross. It lies on the north bank of the River Thames, bordering Hammersmith, Kensington and Chelsea. The area faces Wandsworth, Putney, Barn Elms and the London Wetland Centre in Barnes. on the far side of the river.First recorded by name in 691, Fulham was a manor and ancient parish which originally included Hammersmith. Between 1900 and 1965, it was the Metropolitan Borough of Fulham, before its merger with the Metropolitan Borough of Hammersmith created the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham (known as the London Borough of Hammersmith from 1965 to 1979). The district is split between the western and south-western postal areas.
<Anthony_Watsham>	Anthony Watsham FRES (30 April 1924 – 17 January 2019) was a member of the Society of Jesus, Catholic priest, and noted entomologist. He spent more time at St Ignatius College to the time he died. He was made an honorary lifetime member of the Entomological Society of Southern Africa in 2001, and was also a Fellow of the Royal Entomological Society in England.Watsham was born in Aylesbury, England, on 30 April 1924. He studied architecture before joining the Royal Air Force and during the Second World War served in India. Upon his return to England in 1947 he entered the Jesuits, and was ordained a Catholic priest in 1958. From 1961 he taught at St. Aidian's College in Grahamstown, South Africa, and it was here that he began his study of scelionidae.
<Radical_Entertainment>	Radical Entertainment Inc. is a Canadian video game developer based in Vancouver. The studio is best known for developing The Simpsons: Hit & Run, Prototype and Prototype 2, as well as entries in the Crash Bandicoot franchise. Radical Entertainment was founded in September 1991 by Rory Armes. Dave Davis, and Ian Wilkinson. It was acquired by Vivendi Games in 2005 and transferred to Activision in 2008. The studio faced significant layoffs in 2010 and 2012, with the latter causing it to cease development of original games and only support other Activision studios.Radical Entertainment co-founders Ian Wilkinson and Rory Armes previously worked for Distinctive Software during the late 1980s. When Distinctive Software was acquired by Electronic Arts in 1991, Wilkinson and Armes took the opportunity to form their own company. Radical Entertainment was established in September 1991 in the Yaletown district of Vancouver. The studio primarily developed Nintendo Entertainment System ports and adaptations of other video games, peaking at eight projects in 1994.
<Petar_Mladenov>	 Communism portalPetar Toshev Mladenov (Bulgarian: Петър Тошев Младенов; 22 August 1936 – 31 May 2000) was a Bulgarian communist diplomat and politician. He was the last leader of the Bulgarian People's Republic from 1989 to 1990, and briefly the first President of the Bulgarian Republic in 1990.
<Serdar_Kulbilge>	Serdar Kulbilge (born 7 July 1980) is a Turkish former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.Fenerbahçe transferred him from Bursaspor at the start of 2005–06 season. He played only at the Turkish Cup matches last season but after Rüştü Reçber's injury and Volkan Demirel's poor performance, suddenly he became the first option of the first eleven.Turkish National Team coach Fatih Terim called him up for Romania and Malta matches. He received his first senior international cap in a friendly against Romania on August 22, 2007.
<Arthur_M._Schlesinger_Jr.>	Arthur Meier Schlesinger Jr. (/ˈʃlɛsɪndʒər/; born Arthur Bancroft Schlesinger; October 15, 1917 – February 28, 2007) was an American historian, social critic, and public intellectual. The son of the influential historian Arthur M. Schlesinger Sr. and a specialist in American history, much of Schlesinger's work explored the history of 20th-century American liberalism. In particular, his work focused on leaders such as Harry S. Truman, Franklin D. Roosevelt, John F. Kennedy, and Robert F. Kennedy. In the 1952 and 1956 presidential campaigns, he was a primary speechwriter and adviser to the Democratic presidential nominee, Adlai Stevenson II. Schlesinger served as special assistant and "court historian" to President Kennedy from 1961 to 1963. He wrote a detailed account of the Kennedy administration, from the 1960 presidential campaign to the president's state funeral, titled A Thousand Days: John F. Kennedy in the White House, which won the 1966 Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography.In 1968, Schlesinger actively supported the presidential campaign of Senator Robert F. Kennedy, which ended with Kennedy's assassination in Los Angeles. Schlesinger wrote a popular biography, Robert Kennedy and His Times, several years later. He later popularized the term "imperial presidency" during the Nixon administration in his 1973 book of the same name.
<Ukraine>	Ukraine (Ukrainian: Україна, romanized: Ukraïna, pronounced [ʊkrɐˈjinɐ] (listen)) is a country in Eastern Europe. It is the second-largest European country after Russia, which it borders to the east and northeast. Ukraine covers approximately 600,000 square kilometres (230,000 sq mi). Prior to the ongoing Russian invasion, it was the eighth-most populous country in Europe, with a population of around 41 million people. It is also bordered by Belarus to the north; by Poland, Slovakia, and Hungary to the west; and by Romania and Moldova to the southwest; with a coastline along the Black Sea and the Sea of Azov to the south and southeast. Kyiv is the nation's capital and largest city. Ukraine's state language is Ukrainian; Russian is also widely spoken, especially in the east and south.During the Middle Ages, the area was a key centre of East Slavic culture under the state of Kievan Rus', which emerged in the 9th century. The state fragmented into rival principalities, including the Kingdom of Galicia–Volhynia, and was ultimately destroyed by the Mongol invasions of the 13th century. The area was then contested, divided, and ruled by a variety of external powers for the next 600 years, including the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, the Austrian Empire, the Ottoman Empire, and the Tsardom of Russia. The Cossack Hetmanate emerged in central Ukraine in the 17th century, but was partitioned between Russia and Poland, and ultimately absorbed by the Russian Empire. A Ukrainian national movement re-emerged in the aftermath of the Russian Revolution, leading to the creation of the short-lived Ukrainian People's Republic in 1917. The Bolsheviks consolidated control over much of the former empire and established the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic, which became a constituent republic of the Soviet Union when it was formed in 1922. In the early 1930s, millions of Ukrainians died in the Holodomor, a man-made famine. During World War II, Ukraine was devastated by the German occupation.
<Mohan_Singh_Oberoi>	Rai Bahadur Mohan Singh Oberoi (15 August 1898 – 3 May 2002) was an Indian hotelier, the founder and chairman of Oberoi Hotels & Resorts, India's second-largest hotel company, with 31 hotels in India, Egypt, Indonesia, UAE, Mauritius and Saudi Arabia.In his obituary the Times of India said that he was acknowledged for putting the Indian hotel industry on the global map by successfully establishing hotel brands like Oberoi and Trident worldwide.
<Francis_Preston_Blair_Jr.>	Francis Preston Blair Jr. (February 19, 1821 – July 8, 1875) was a United States Senator, a United States Congressman and a Union Major General during the Civil War. He represented Missouri in both the House of Representatives and the Senate, and was active in preventing the State of Missouri from being absorbed into the Confederacy at the beginning of the Civil War.Blair was instrumental in appointing Nathaniel Lyon as the new military commander of the Western Department of the U.S. Army. He assisted Lyon in securing help of the St. Louis Home Guard in moving over 20,000 rifles and muskets from the St. Louis Arsenal to Illinois. Missouri secessionists considered this event as breaking of informal truce established in the state. This set the scene for the Camp Jackson Affair and continuing guerrilla activity by outraged pro-slavery elements. In 1862, Blair joined the Missouri volunteers, being promoted major general, commanded a division at Vicksburg under Sherman, took part in Sherman's March to the Sea and ended the war as a corps commander.
<Metromedia>	Stuart Subotnick, Current President/CEOMetromedia (also often MetroMedia) was an American media company that owned radio and television stations in the United States from 1956 to 1986 and controlled Orion Pictures from 1988 to 1997. Metromedia was established in 1956 after the DuMont Television Network ceased operations and its owned-and-operated stations were spun off into a separate company. Metromedia sold its television stations to News Corporation in 1985 (which News Corp. then used to form the nucleus of Fox Television Stations), and spun off its radio stations into a separate company in 1986. Metromedia then acquired ownership stakes in various film studios, including controlling ownership in Orion. In 1997, Metromedia closed down and sold its media assets to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
<Don_\u0022Red\u0022_Barry>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Jena_(framework)>	Apache Jena is an open source Semantic Web framework for Java. It provides an API to extract data from and write to RDF graphs. The graphs are represented as an abstract "model". A model can be sourced with data from files, databases, URLs or a combination of these. A model can also be queried through SPARQL 1.1.Jena is similar to RDF4J (formerly OpenRDF Sesame); though, unlike RDF4J, Jena provides support for OWL (Web Ontology Language). The framework has various internal reasoners and the Pellet reasoner (an open source Java OWL-DL reasoner) can be set up to work in Jena.Jena supports serialisation of RDF graphs to:
<Moe_Dalitz>	Morris Barney Dalitz (December 25, 1899 – August 31, 1989) was an American gangster, businessman, casino owner, and philanthropist. He was one of the major figures who shaped Las Vegas in the 20th century. He was often referred to as "Mr. Las Vegas".Dalitz was born on December 25, 1899, in Boston, Massachusetts, to Jewish parents, Barnet "Bernard" Dalitz (b. May 8, 1874 in Austria) and Anna Cohen (b. October 1876 in Austria). He was raised in Michigan.
<Omarosa_Manigault>	Omarosa Onee Manigault Newman (/ˌoʊməˈroʊsə ˈmænɪɡɔːlt/) (née  Manigault; born 1974), often known as Omarosa, is an American reality television show participant, writer, and former political aide to former US President Donald Trump. She became widely known as a contestant on the first season of NBC's reality television series The Apprentice.Newman became assistant to the President and director of communications for the Office of Public Liaison during the Trump administration in January 2017. However, on December 13, 2017, White House Chief of Staff, John Kelly, fired Newman, citing "money and integrity issues", as well as "inappropriate use of company vehicles". Afterwards, she competed twice on the Big Brother reality series - in 2018 on first season of Celebrity Big Brother US (placing 5th), and in 2021 on Big Brother Australia VIP (placing 12th)
<Gramática_de_la_lengua_castellana>	Gramática de la lengua castellana (lit. 'Grammar of the Castilian Language') is a book written by Antonio de Nebrija and published in 1492. It was the first work dedicated to the Spanish language and its rules, and the first grammar of a modern European language to be published. When it was presented to Isabella of Castile at Salamanca in the year of its publication, the queen questioned what the merit of such a work might be; Fray Hernando de Talavera, bishop of Avila, answered for the author in prophetic words, as Nebrija himself recalls in a letter addressed to the monarch:After Your Highness has subjected barbarous peoples and nations of varied tongues, with conquest will come the need for them to accept the laws that the conqueror imposes on the conquered, and among them our language; with this work of mine, they will be able to learn it, as we now learn Latin from the Latin GrammarNebrija divided his study of the language into four books:
<George_Douglas_Brown>	George Douglas Brown (26 January 1869 – 28 August 1902) was a Scottish novelist, best known for his highly influential realist novel The House with the Green Shutters (1901), which was published the year before his death at the age of 33.Brown was the illegitimate son of a farmer and a woman of Irish descent. He went to school at Ochiltree, Coylton, and Ayr, his academic performance allowing him to study Classics at the University of Glasgow and at Balliol College, Oxford. However his studies were interrupted by the illness of his mother; he returned to Ayrshire to nurse her, but she died, and in 1895 he barely passed his final examinations. He travelled to London and worked as a journalist, contributing articles and stories to Blackwood's Magazine, as well as a part-time editor and reader for publishing houses. At one point he was a staff writer for Sandow's Magazine of Physical Culture. In 1899 he published Love and a Sword under the pseudonym Kennedy King, the same pseudonym he used for his articles. The next year he started work at Haslemere on The House with the Green Shutters, which was published in 1901 under the pseudonym George Douglas. The book was a success, and he planned a second novel to be called The Incompatibles, but shortly afterwards he contracted pneumonia and died at the home of his friend and publisher Andrew Melrose.
<Two_Moon_Junction>	Two Moon Junction is a 1988 American erotic thriller romance film written and directed by Zalman King and starring Sherilyn Fenn and Richard Tyson. The original music score is composed by Jonathan Elias.The film is noted for the final film appearances of Burl Ives and Hervé Villechaize, as well as the theatrical film debut of Milla Jovovich.April Delongpre (Sherilyn Fenn) is the eldest daughter of a powerful Alabama senator and heiress to an old and respectable Southern family. After graduating from college, April returns home to her parents’ house for the summer to await her semiarranged marriage to her fiancé, Chad Douglas Fairchild (Martin Hewitt). When a carnival comes to the town, April and Chad accompany April's two younger sisters to the fairgrounds, where April sees from a distance a rugged carnival roustabout and drifter named Perry Tyson (Richard Tyson). When April accidentally leaves her purse behind in one of the rides, Perry returns it to her and introduces himself (after having looked inside and gotten April's name and home address). Intrigued by the mysterious drifter, April returns to the carnival that evening to talk with Perry, but she refuses his advances.
<RCAF_Station_Grostenquin>	RCAF Station Grostenquin, also known as 2 (Fighter) Wing or 2 Wing, was a Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) station located five km north of the town of Grostenquin in the Moselle department, Lorraine, northeastern France. It was one of four RCAF wings, consisting of three fighter squadrons each, established in Europe in the early 1950s at the beginning of the Cold War. The other three wings were located at RCAF Station Marville (1 Wing) in France, and RCAF Station Zweibrücken (3 Wing) and RCAF Station Baden-Soellingen (4 Wing) in the former West Germany.These wings were components of the RCAF's No. 1 Air Division, part of the Fourth Allied Tactical Air Force (4 ATAF). They functioned as Canada's western European air defence commitment to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO).No. 2 Wing's three squadrons flew from Canada between September 28 and October 11, 1952 during Operation Leapfrog II. They were the first of the Canadian Air Division squadrons to arrive in mainland Europe, and the first RCAF squadrons to be based on the European mainland since March 1946.
<Victoria_Hislop>	Victoria Hislop (née Hamson; born 1959) is an English author.Born in Bromley, Kent, she was raised in Tonbridge and attended Tonbridge Grammar School. She studied English at St Hilda's College, Oxford, and worked in publishing and as a journalist before becoming an author.
<Jürgen_Klinsmann>	Jürgen Klinsmann (German pronunciation: [ˈjʏʁɡn̩ ˈkliːnsˌman], born 30 July 1964) is a German professional football manager and former player. Klinsmann played for several prominent clubs in Europe including VfB Stuttgart, Inter Milan, Monaco, Tottenham Hotspur, and Bayern Munich.  He was part of the West German team that won the 1990 FIFA World Cup and the unified German team that won the UEFA Euro 1996. As a manager, he managed the German national team to a third-place finish at the 2006 FIFA World Cup and was subsequently coach of a number of other teams including, notably, Bundesliga club Bayern Munich and the United States national team.Considered one of Germany's premier strikers during the 1990s, he scored in all six major international tournaments he participated in, from the UEFA Euro 1988 to the 1998 FIFA World Cup. In 1995, he came in third in the FIFA World Player of the Year award; in 2004 he was named in the FIFA 100 list of the "125 Greatest Living Footballers". On 3 November 2016, he became the fifth player to be named as honorary captain of Germany.
<Lola_Van_Wagenen>	Lola Van Wagenen (born December 12, 1938) is an American historian and activist. In 1970, she co-founded Consumer Action Now (CAN), a non-profit educational organization, and in 1995 co-founded Clio Visualizing History, Inc. to promote history education. (In 2003, Clio changed its corporate structure becoming a not-for-profit organization providing educational films and online history exhibits and resources.)Van Wagenen was born in Provo, Utah, in December 1938.  She was raised in a Mormon family, but as an adult has explored other sources of religious and philosophical thought.
<David_Shipley>	David Julian Shipley (born June 10, 1963) is an American journalist and the editorial page editor at The Washington Post.Shipley graduated with a bachelor's degree in English from Williams College. In 1986, he worked as an editorial assistant at Simon & Schuster in New York City. In 1990, Shipley worked as an assigning editor for the Op-Ed page at The New York Times. From 1993 to 1995, he was the executive editor of The New Republic.
<Ivan_Nagy_(director)>	Iván Nagy (January 23, 1938 – March 23, 2015) was a Hungarian film and television director best known for directing films such as Bad Charleston Charlie, Skinner, and Deadly Hero. Nagy also directed episodes of the TV series CHiPs, Starsky & Hutch, and The Hitchhiker.Nagy was a convicted bookmaker, and was the former boyfriend of Hollywood madam Heidi Fleiss. He was featured in the documentary Heidi Fleiss: Hollywood Madam.
<Lennie_Hayton>	Leonard George Hayton (February 14, 1908 – April 24, 1971) was an American musician, composer, conductor and arranger.  Hayton's trademark was a captain's hat, which he always wore at a rakish angle.Hayton was born in New York City, New York, to a Jewish family. The son of a Manhattan restaurateur, he developed a penchant for the piano when six years old, showing unusual interest in the early classics from the rolls of the family player piano. Although neither of his parents was a tutored musician, both were keen followers of the concert hall. Hayton attended many concerts with them. His parents disliked "Jazz" and it was not until Hayton was 16 that he really discovered it. He left high school to become pianist with the Broadway Hotel Orchestra of Cass Hagen, a boyhood friend.While playing at the Park Central, Hayton was heard by Paul Whiteman and immediately engaged by him in April 1928 as second pianist, playing piano and celeste as well as acting as a part-time arranger. Whilst with the Paul Whiteman orchestra, he played with musicians such as Frankie Trumbauer, Bix Beiderbecke, Red Nichols and Joe Venuti. He also became friendly with Bing Crosby, then a member of The Rhythm Boys. In May 1930, Whiteman had to thin down his orchestra as theatre audiences fell due to the economic problems of the day and because of the impact of radio. Hayton and Eddie Lang were amongst the ten members of the band released. Hayton then joined the Charles Previn Orchestra which had a weekly assignment on radio in the Camel Pleasure Hour.
<Chavdar_Kyuranov>	(1948-1988/1989-1990)Independent (1988–1989)
<Tom_Daley>	Thomas Robert Daley OBE (born 21 May 1994) is a British diver and television personality. Specialising in multiple events, he is an Olympic gold medallist in the men's synchronised 10-metre platform event at the 2020 Olympics and double world champion in the FINA 10-metre platform event, winning in 2009 at the age of fifteen, and again in 2017. He is an Olympic bronze medallist in the 2012 platform event, the 2016 synchronised event, and the 2020 platform event, making him the first British diver to win four Olympic medals. Daley also competes in team events, winning the inaugural mixed team World title in 2015. He is a one-time Olympic champion, 3-time World Champion, a 2-time junior World Champion, a 5-time European champion and 4-time Commonwealth champion.Daley started diving at the age of seven and is a member of Plymouth Diving Club, where his talent was identified early, and made an impact in national and international competitions from age nine. He represented Great Britain at the 2008 Summer Olympics where he was Britain's youngest competitor, age fourteen, and the youngest from any nation to participate in a final. In 2009, Daley reached a career-best ranking of number one in the FINA World Aquatics Championships Diving Rankings for the 10 m platform. He won two gold medals for England at the 2010 Commonwealth Games, in the 10 m synchro diving (with Max Brick) and the 10 m Individual Platform competition.
<Banca_Agricola_Mantovana>	Banca Agricola Mantovana S.p.A. (BAM) was an Italian bank based in Mantua, Lombardy. The bank was a subsidiary of Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena. On 31 March 2008 the bank had a total assets of €13,502,864,975.Found 1871 as Banca Agricola Provinciale Mantovana, Banca Agricola Mantovana (BAM) was a cooperative bank based in Mantua. In 1932 Banca Mutua Popolare di Mantova was merged with Banca Agricola Mantovana. In 1989 the bank absorbed Banca Operaia di Bologna.In 1998 the bank formed a joint venture agreement with Unipol in Quadrifoglio Vita, an insurance company that operated in BAM's network. BAM also acquired a minority ownership in Finsoe, the intermediate parent company of Unipol. As at 31 December 2000 BAM hold 5.601% of Finsoe.
<Gautam_Kaul>	Gautam Kaul is a John C. and Sally S. Morley Professor of Finance in the Ross School of Business, University of Michigan.Kaul's research focuses on the behavior of stock and bond prices including asset pricing models, market microstructure and the time-series behavior of stock prices. He uses computer-intensive methodologies to gauge the effectiveness of trading strategies commonly proposed on Wall Street and in academic literature.
<Laureate_Cross_of_Saint_Ferdinand>	The Royal and Military Order of Saint Ferdinand (Spanish: Real y Militar Orden de San Fernando), is a Spanish military order whose decoration, known as Laureate Cross of Saint Ferdinand (Spanish: Cruz Laureada de San Fernando), is Spain's highest military decoration for gallantry. It is awarded in recognition of action, either individual or collective, to protect the nation, its citizens, or the peace and security of the international community in the face of immediate risk to the bearer. Those eligible are current and former members of the Spanish Armed Forces.The Sovereign of the Order of San Fernando is the monarch of Spain, who presides over the biennial chapter held in the Royal Monastery of El Escorial. The sovereign's representative in the Order is the Grand Master, who governs it and is aided by the Maestranza.Among the conditions laid out by the Royal Military Order of Saint Ferdinand for the granting of the award are:
<Jennie_Garth>	Jennifer Eve Garth (born April 3, 1972) is an American actress. She is known for starring as Kelly Taylor throughout the Beverly Hills, 90210 franchise and Val Tyler on the sitcom What I Like About You (2002–06). In 2012, she starred in her own reality show, Jennie Garth: A Little Bit Country on CMT. Her memoir titled Deep Thoughts From a Hollywood Blonde was published by New American Library on April 1, 2014.Garth was born in Urbana, Illinois, to John and Carolyn Garth. The youngest of seven children (though their only child together), Garth spent much of her youth on a 25-acre horse ranch between Sadorus and Arcola, Illinois. For a time the family stayed in Tuscola, Illinois; but eventually they settled in Glendale, Arizona, when Garth was around 13 years old. She studied dance and modeled, and was soon discovered at a local talent competition by Randy James, Hollywood scout and manager. She attended Greenway High School as a freshman and transferred to Apollo High School in her sophomore year. Determined to become an actress, Garth would receive audition materials from Los Angeles that she would work on with Jean Fowler, a local acting coach.  She left school during her junior year to work in Los Angeles with James and later obtained her high school diploma in California.
<Paulo_Dinarte>	Paulo Dinarte Gouveia Pestana (born 30 January 1985 in Funchal, Madeira), commonly known as Paulinho, is a Portuguese former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
<Bulgarian_Socialist_Party>	The Bulgarian Socialist Party (Bulgarian: Българска социалистическа партия, romanized: Balgarska sotsialisticheska partiya, BSP), also known as The Centenarian (Bulgarian: Столетницата, romanized: Stoletnitsata), is a centre-left, social democratic political party in Bulgaria. The BSP is a member of the Socialist International, Party of European Socialists, and Progressive Alliance. Although founded in 1990 in its modern form, it traces its political heritage back to the founding of the BRDSP in 1891. It is also Bulgaria's largest party by membership numbers.The Centenarian moniker comes from the fact that the BSP is recognized as the successor of the Bulgarian Social Democratic Party, which was founded on 2 August 1891 on Buzludzha peak by Dimitar Blagoev, designated in 1903 as the Bulgarian Social Democratic Workers' Party (Narrow Socialists), and later as the Bulgarian Communist Party. After the political changes brought by the Revolutions of 1989, it abandoned Marxism–Leninism and refounded itself as the BSP in April 1990.
<Ramdhari_Singh_Dinkar>	Ramdhari Singh (23 September 1908 – 24 April 1974), known by his pen name Dinkar, was an Indian Hindi and Maithili language poet, essayist, freedom fighter, patriot and academic. He emerged as a poet of rebellion as a consequence of his nationalist poetry written in the days before Indian independence. His poetry exuded Veer Rasa (heroic sentiment), and he has been hailed as a Rashtrakavi ('national poet') and Yuga-Chāraṇa (Charan of the Era) on account of his inspiring patriotic compositions. He was a regular poet of Hindi Kavi Sammelan and is hailed to be as popular and connected to poetry lovers for Hindi speakers as Pushkin for Russians.One of the notable modern Hindi poets, Dinkar was born in a poor family in Simaria village of Bengal Presidency, British India, now part of Begusarai district in Bihar state. The government had honored him with the Padma Bhushan Award in the year 1959 and had also nominated him thrice to the Rajya Sabha. Dinkar's poetry was greatly influenced by Rabindranath Tagore. Similarly, his political thought was greatly shaped by both Mahatma Gandhi and Karl Marx. Dinkar gained popularity in the pre-independence period through his nationalist poetry.
<Seth_Lochhead>	Seth Lochhead is a Canadian screenwriter. He is best known for writing the 2011 film Hanna with David Farr.Lochhead attended Vancouver Film School's Writing for Film & Television program, where he wrote his first screenplay, Hanna, while he was in his early 20s. He completed the script after leaving film school and in 2006 it was listed on the Hollywood Black List of the best unproduced scripts in Hollywood. Lochhead sold the screenplay to Focus Features in March 2007, although he received a much higher bid from another American production company. Hanna was directed by Joe Wright and released in 2011 after being in development for a total of six years. Lochhead shared the writing credit with David Farr, a British writer and theatre director, who wrote another draft of the film during its development but whom Lochhead does not personally know. He has been chosen to write for the upcoming Shadow of the Colossus movie.Before Hanna had been produced, Lochhead was approached to pitch himself as a writer for Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows and a film adaptation of the Masters of the Universe series featuring He-Man. He has written several screenplays since Hanna, including Cadar, which was sold to Spitfire Pictures, and Governess, which was picked up by Warner Bros. with Michael Bay as a producer. He has considered becoming a film director in addition to screenwriting, as well as relocating to Los Angeles.
<Don't_Take_It_Personally,_Babe,_It_Just_Ain't_Your_Story>	don't take it personally, babe, it just ain't your story is a 2011 visual novel by independent developer Christine Love. Intended as a spiritual sequel to Love's Digital: A Love Story, the game was developed over the course of a month and was released as a free download on April 4, 2011. Don't take it personally is a visual novel, with the majority of the plot taking place outside of the player's control except for key decisions. It follows a new high school literature teacher in 2027 over the course of a semester, with the ability to see private messages between students at any time without their knowledge. It deals with themes of privacy and relationships in the future. The game was received positively, with critics praising the interplay between the metafictional elements of the story and those of the game itself, with special acknowledgment reserved for the writing.Don't take it personally is a visual novel, or interactive fiction game where the majority of the story is told through still images of the speaking characters in front of anime-style backgrounds with text overlaid. The player's viewpoint follows one character, the teacher in a school, with the player seeing his thoughts as well as his and the other characters' statements. The player advances the conversations the teacher is in or witnesses at will, but cannot go backwards and has little control over what any of the characters, including the teacher, are saying except at a few key moments. At these points, the player is presented with two or three choices for what the teacher says; which option is chosen can change what path the plot takes, in either a minor or major way.
<Manthan>	Manthan, also released under the translated title The Churning, is a 1976 Hindi film directed by Shyam Benegal, inspired by the pioneering milk cooperative movement of Verghese Kurien, and is written jointly by him and Vijay Tendulkar. It is set amidst the backdrop of the White Revolution of India. Aside from the great measurable success that this project was, it also demonstrated the power of "collective might" as it was entirely crowdfunded by 500,000 farmers who donated Rs. 2 each. Manthan is the first crowdfunded Indian film.The film won the 1977 National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Hindi and National Film Award for Best Screenplay for Vijay Tendulkar, and was also India's submission for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film for 1976.
<Ann_M._Martin>	Ann Matthews Martin (born August 12, 1955) is an American children's fiction writer, known best for The Baby-Sitters Club series.Ann Matthews Martin grew up in Princeton, NJ. Her mother, Eden Martin, was a preschool teacher and her father, Henry Martin, was a cartoonist for The New Yorker and other publications. Her mother's ancestry can be traced back to the pilgrims who traveled on the Mayflower in 1620. She has a younger sister, Jane.
<Coronation_Street>	Coronation Street is an English soap opera created by Granada Television and shown on ITV since 9 December 1960. The programme centres around a cobbled, terraced street in Weatherfield, a fictional town based on inner-city Salford.Originally broadcast twice weekly, the series began airing six times a week in 2017. The programme was conceived by scriptwriter Tony Warren. Warren's initial proposal was rejected by the station's founder Sidney Bernstein, but he was persuaded by producer Harry Elton to produce the programme for 13 pilot episodes, and the show has since become a significant part of English culture.
<Bruno_Le_Maire>	Bruno Le Maire (French: [bʁy.no lə mɛʁ]; born 15 April 1969) is a French politician and former diplomat who has served as Minister of the Economy and Finance since 2017 under President Emmanuel Macron. A former member of The Republicans (LR), which he left in 2017 to join La République En Marche! (LREM), he was Secretary of State for European Affairs from 2008 to 2009 and Minister of Food, Agriculture and Fishing from 2009 to 2012 under President Nicolas Sarkozy. Le Maire is also a noted writer, with his book Des hommes d'Etat winning the 2008 Edgar Faure Prize.Bruno Le Maire was born on 15 April 1969 in Neuilly-sur-Seine. He is the son of Maurice Le Maire, an executive at the oil company Total, and Viviane Fradin de Belâbre, a headmistress of private Catholic schools, mainly Lycée Saint-Louis-de-Gonzague. Le Maire was educated at Lycée Saint-Louis-de-Gonzague until he obtained his baccalauréat.
<Jack_Kent_Cooke_Foundation>	The Jack Kent Cooke Foundation is the largest scholarship provider in the United States. The private, independent foundation is dedicated to advancing the education of exceptionally promising students who have financial need. It offers the largest scholarships in the U.S., comprehensive counseling and other support services to students from 8th grade to graduate school. Since 2000 it has awarded over $175 million in scholarships to nearly 2,300 students and more than $97 million in grants to organizations that serve outstanding low-income students.
<Rita_Desjardin>	Miss Rita L. Desjardin is a fictional character created by American author Stephen King in his first published 1974 horror novel Carrie. In the 1976 film adaptation, the character was renamed Miss Collins and portrayed by Betty Buckley. In the 2002 and 2013 versions, she was played by Rena Sofer and Judy Greer, respectively. She was renamed Miss Lynn Gardner in the musical and portrayed by Darlene Love (1988) and Carmen Cusack (2012).As the story begins, Miss Desjardin secretly feels the same disgust everyone at Ewen High School feels for Carrie White, believing Carrie to be a religious fanatic like Carrie's mother Margaret. However, when she sees Carrie being humiliated by the other girls in the locker room after gym class for her reaction to her first period, she realizes that it is the girl's first menstruation and that Carrie is oblivious to what is happening to her; Desjardin feels sorry for Carrie and wonders why Margaret never taught her about it. Desjardin wants to punish the girls who taunted Carrie by having them suspended for three days and banned from the upcoming senior prom, but the principal settles on a lesser punishment: a week of boot-camp style detention in the gym. In Desjardin's view, the only reason the administrators didn't go along with her proposed punishment is that they are all men (unaware that they are all intimidated by Chris' father, a prominent lawyer), and thus didn't really understand how nasty the girls' behavior had been. Lead bully Christine "Chris" Hargensen defiantly skips the detention and thus is banned from attending the prom. The principal reprimands Desjardin for cursing at Chris, but stands by her when Chris' father threatens to sue the school unless Chris is allowed to attend the prom. He also refuses to fire Desjardin. Meanwhile, Sue Snell, another girl who participated in the locker room incident, feels remorse for her actions and asks her boyfriend Tommy Ross to take Carrie to the prom to make amends.
<Boris_Kodjoe>	Boris Frederic Cecil Tay-Natey Ofuatey-Kodjoe (/ˈkoʊdʒuː/; born March 8, 1973) is a German actor, producer, and former model best known for his roles as Kelby in the 2002 film Brown Sugar, the sports-courier agent Damon Carter on the Showtime drama series Soul Food, Dr. Will Campbell on CBS's Code Black and a recurring character on FOX's The Last Man on Earth. He co-stars on BET's Real Husbands of Hollywood and the Grey's Anatomy spin-off, Station 19 as Robert Sullivan.Kodjoe was born in Vienna, Austria, the son of Ursula, a German psychologist of partial Jewish descent, and Eric Kodjoe, a Ghanaian physician who is of the Nzema people. His namesake is the Russian poet and writer Boris Pasternak. Kodjoe's matrilineal great-grandmother was Jewish and was murdered in the Holocaust; his maternal grandmother survived the war in hiding. Kodjoe's parents divorced when he was six years old. He grew up in the vicinity of Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany. He has a brother named Patrick and two sisters named Nadja and Lara.Kodjoe attended Virginia Commonwealth University on a tennis scholarship, and graduated with a bachelor's degree in marketing in 1996. A four-year letterman on the Rams' men's tennis team, he is currently ninth in school history with 75 career singles wins. Tied for third in doubles victories with 66, he was paired with Jonas Elmblad on 37 of them, also third all-time. His brother Patrick Kodjoe played for VCU's basketball team. A back injury ended Boris' tennis aspirations, but he was quickly signed as a model and, soon after, entered acting. In 1995, he was featured in TLC's music video for "Red Light Special."
<Sorrow_(Bad_Religion_song)>	"Sorrow" is a song written by Brett Gurewitz and Greg Graffin, and performed by Bad Religion. It was the first single to be released from their twelfth studio album, The Process of Belief, which was released in 2002, although the single was first played in the fall of 2001 by the L.A. radio station KROQ. An acoustic version impacted radio on June 24, 2008."Sorrow" was inspired by the biblical figure Job, with Gurewitz saying it was "very difficult to account for suffering in the world from a theological perspective". The song opens with a Police-esque ska beat, before switching to the band's typical melodic hardcore sound.
<Barbara_New>	Barbara Helene Barrington (9 May 1923 – 24 May 2010) better known by her stage and birth maiden name Barbara New was an English character actress, well known for playing Mabel the scullery maid in the David Croft sitcom You Rang M'Lord?. Following this role, she appeared as Vera Plumtree in all twenty episodes of the BBC's final David Croft sitcom Oh, Doctor Beeching!. She had previously played smaller parts in Croft's sitcoms Dad's Army and Hi-de-Hi!.New had a lengthy acting career, mainly in British television and played many other roles including appearances in Z-Cars, Emu's Broadcasting Company, Ripping Yarns and the silent Ronnie Barker comedy By the Sea. One of her last screen appearances was as Ali G's Nan in the 2002 film Ali G Indahouse.
<Germain_Boffrand>	Germain Boffrand (French pronunciation: ​[ʒɛʁmɛ̃ bɔfʁɑ̃]) (16 May 1667 – 19 March 1754) was a French architect. A pupil of Jules Hardouin-Mansart, Germain Boffrand was one of the main creators of the precursor to Rococo called the  style Régence, and in his interiors, of the Rococo itself. In his exteriors he held to a monumental Late Baroque classicism with some innovations in spatial planning that were exceptional in France His major commissions, culminating in his interiors at the Hôtel de Soubise, were memorialised in his treatise Livre d'architecture, published in 1745, which served to disseminate the French Louis XV style throughout Europe.Born at Nantes, the son of a provincial architect, Boffrand went to Paris in 1681 to study sculpture in the atelier of François Girardon, before entering the large official practice of Jules Hardouin-Mansart. His uncle, Philippe Quinault, introduced him to prospective clients among the aristocracy of Paris and at Court. He was employed from 1689 (Kimball) on works in the Bâtiments du Roi under Mansart, notably at the Orangerie of Palace of Versailles and in Paris at Place Vendôme, where Boffrand was among the draughtsmen responsible for the first designs (from 1686) and for the Convent of the Capucins, Hôtel de Vendôme From 1693 he was less employed and in 1699 he left the Bâtiments du Roi to commence work, at first in Lorraine and in the Netherlands, then after his return to Paris in 1709, for a distinguished private clientele in Paris, well disposed towards his audacious innovations, such as the oval forecourt of the Hôtel Amelot de Gournay (1710–13), that were unthinkable in the royal works. In 1709, he was placed in charge of the interior apartments of the Hôtel de Soubise, where he soon succeeded the architect Pierre-Alexis Delamair (1676–1745). None of his early interiors survive, largely replaced by his spectacular Rococo work of the years following 1735.
<Marianne_Schmid_Mast>	Marianne Schmid Mast is a Professor of Organizational Behavior and Dean of the Faculty of Business and Economics (HEC) of the University of Lausanne, Switzerland.Marianne Schmid Mast was born in Olten (Switzerland) and did her primary school in Däniken, Solothurn. When she was 10, her family moved to Oberkulm and she went to Bezirksschule Unterkulm and then to Handelsschule (Alte KantonSchule Aarau) in Aarau. After receiving her business diploma, she completed her Matura in economics at the École Supérieure de Commerce in Neuchâtel.She worked for a computer company for a year, and later on she spent half a year traveling in Brazil. She then started medical school at the University of Zurich to discover that her passion is in Psychology. This is when she started to study psychology at the University of Zurich. She was always interested in understanding the interpersonal interactions at work which led her to become a full professor of organizational behavior at the University of Lausanne. Marianne Schmid Mast is married and has two sons. The family lives in Pully.Marianne Schmid Mast received her Master in Psychology in 1996 and her Ph.D. in psychology in 2000, both from University of Zurich. She then continued her research at Northeastern University, Boston, USA, in the Social and Personality Psychology Area, working with Judith A. Hall. Back in Switzerland at the University of Zurich in Social and Health Psychology, she was appointed assistant professor in Social Psychology at the University of Fribourg. In 2006 she became a full professor of Personnel Psychology at the Department of Work and Organizational Psychology at the University of Neuchatel and she was appointed full professor of Organizational Behavior at the University of Lausanne, in August 2014. Since 2021 she is the dean of the Faculty of Business and Economics, HEC Lausanne. She currently is a member of the editorial board of the journal Leadership Quarterly and was an associate editor of the Journal of Nonverbal Behavior. She is a former president of the Swiss Psychological Association and in 2018, 2019, and 2020 she was nominated as one of the 50 most influential living psychologists worldwide and has been appointed a Fellow of the Society of Personality and Social Psychology, as well as a Division 8 Fellow of the American Psychological Association (APA) for her extraordinary, distinctive and longstanding contributions to the science of personality and social psychology.
<Iván_Bolado>	Iván Bolado Palacios (born 3 July 1989) is an Equatoguinean retired footballer who played as a striker.Born in Santander, Cantabria, Bolado made his professional debut with hometown club Racing de Santander's first team in 2007–08 and scored three league goals during the season, one of them in the dying minutes of the final matchday as the team defeated CA Osasuna 1–0 at home to secure a first-ever qualification to the UEFA Cup. His La Liga debut came on 26 August 2007, in a 0–0 home draw against FC Barcelona.
<Little_Oberon>	Little Oberon, directed by Kevin Carlin, is an Australian telemovie starring Sigrid Thornton, which was broadcast on 18 September 2005 by Network Nine. The movie was filmed during 2004 in and around the town of Marysville, Victoria. The township was devastated in the February 2009 bush fires of Black Saturday. Also appearing in the telemovie were Brittany Byrnes, Tasma Walton and Peter Rowsthorn.The film is about Georgie Green (Walton) and her daughter Natasha (Byrnes, nominated for an AFI award) going to visit Georgie's mother, Lola (Thornton) who is dying of cancer. Thornton shaved her head for the role; and said that wearing a bald cap would be disrespectful to cancer patients. Natasha tries to find out the identity of her father and begins to have visions of a young friend of her mother who had disappeared 16 years before. With Georgie – a witch (Wicca) – and family tensions high, there are settling-in problems when Georgie and Natasha decide to stay for a while.
<Thierry_Déau>	Thierry Déau is the founder, chairman and chief executive officer of Meridiam, a leading independent global investor and asset manager specialized in developing, financing and managing long-term public infrastructure projects.After graduating from France’s engineering school l'Ecole nationale des Ponts et Chaussées, Déau began his career in Malaysia with the construction firm GTM International. He then joined France’s Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations, where he held several positions within its investment and development subsidiary Egis Projects, from Project Manager in Manila, Philippines, then Director of Concession Projects in Paris to his appointment as Chief Executive Officer of Egis in 2001.During his tenure at Egis he headed up international operations for the Egis Group executive committee, served on its risk management committee and acted as Member and Chairman on the boards of several subsidiaries.
<Savannah_Dooley>	Savannah Dooley (born August 31, 1985) is an American screenwriter and television producer, best known as the co-creator of the television series Huge.Dooley was born in Manhattan, New York to Winnie Holzman, a writer, and Paul Dooley, an actor. Dooley has said that her mother's work on My So Called Life, "doing some groundbreaking stuff with gay teenagers," helped her to come out as queer herself to her parents. She attended Bennington College, where she studied screenwriting and video production, and graduated in 2007.Dooley was still in college when television producer Robin Schiff, a family friend, asked Dooley in 2007 to script a television film for ABC Family based on Sasha Paley's novel Huge, about a group of teenagers at a weight-loss camp. Schiff had been interested in directing the adaptation but, having been Dooley's longtime writing mentor, wanted her to write the script. Dooley completed the script but ABC Family dropped the project when the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike began in November 2007 and halted development. When the strike ended, Dooley began to work on several other projects, including a pilot for CBS which was never picked up. In 2009, ABC Family approached Dooley again about rewriting her adaptation of Huge as a 10-episode television series. Since Schiff was unable to work full-time on the show and the network wanted an experienced producer, Dooley suggested that her mother Winnie Holzman join the show as a writer and producer. Huge also features Dooley's father Paul Dooley in a small acting role as the camp cook and her uncle Ernest Holzman as the director of photography.
<Stadio_delle_Alpi>	The Stadio Delle Alpi was a football and athletics stadium in Turin, Italy, and was the home of both Juventus Football Club and Torino Football Club between 1990 and 2006. In English, the name meant "Stadium of the Alps", a reference to the nearby Alps mountain range. The stadium was demolished in 2009 and both football clubs moved to the rebuilt Stadio Olimpico. A new stadium for Juventus, the Juventus Stadium, was constructed on the site of the former Delle Alpi and opened in 2011.Designed by architect Studio Hutter, the Stadio Delle Alpi was originally built in 1990 to host matches for the 1990 FIFA World Cup as a replacement for the aging Stadio Olimpico, then known as the Stadio Comunale. The stadium's original capacity was 69,041 fans. However, due to FIFA rules regarding the segregation of home and away supporters, the actual capacity was reduced to 67,229.Construction on the stadium began in June 1988, and due to the use of prefabricated concrete, was complete within two years. The Delle Alpi was built by the council of Turin, with both of the city's football clubs using it as their home ground following the closure of the Stadio Olimpico. It was originally intended to be used for not only football but also athletics. Therefore, an athletics track was constructed around the outside of the pitch. However, due to the lack of a warm-up track, the stadium was never used for a major athletics event.
<Excalibur_(novel)>	Excalibur is a 1973 Arthurian fantasy novel by American writer Sanders Anne Laubenthal. It was first published by Ballantine Books as the sixtieth volume of the Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in August, 1973, and has been reprinted a number of times since.The novel is set in modern times against the background of the legendary Medieval Welsh colonization of Mobile, Alabama under the prince Madoc in the 12th century. The modern Pendragon, King Arthur's secret successor, must recover Arthur's famed sword Excalibur.John Clute praised Excalibur as "a powerful fantasy which conflates the matter of Britain with an American Gothic version of Mobile, Alabama."
<George_Edwards_(Australian_politician)>	George Bertrand Edwards (30 January 1855 – 4 February 1911) was an Australian politician. He was a member of the Australian House of Representatives representing the Division of South Sydney for the Free Trade Party from 1901 to 1906 and the Division of North Sydney for the Liberal Party from 1910 until his death in 1911.Edwards was born and raised in Hobart, Tasmania, the son of a tobacconist and was educated at Christ College. He became a journalist with the Tasmanian Tribune at the age of 20. He later managed the new Hobart office of Launceston newspaper The Examiner c. 1882-83, then in 1884 briefly went to Sydney to run the Peacock Jam Company branch there,  but returned to Hobart the next year to run the Launceston office of Hobart newspaper The Mercury. He married the eldest daughter of jam magnate George Peacock in October 1885. He later worked on the general staff of The Mercury, was chief Hansard reporter for two sessions of the Federal Council of Australasia and was editor of the Mercury-owned Tasmanian Mail weekly magazine in 1888-89.
<PRR_T1>	The Pennsylvania Railroad (PRR) class T1 duplex-drive 4-4-4-4 steam locomotives, introduced in 1942 with two prototypes and later in 1945-1946 with 50 production examples, were the last steam locomotives built for the PRR and arguably its most controversial. They were ambitious, technologically sophisticated, powerful, fast and distinctively streamlined by Raymond Loewy. However, they were also prone to wheelslip both when starting and at speed, in addition to being complicated to maintain and expensive to run.[citation needed] The PRR decided in 1948 to place diesel locomotives on all express passenger trains, leaving unanswered questions as to whether the T1's flaws were solvable, especially taking into account that the two prototypes did not have the problems inherent to the production units. An article appearing in a 2008 issue of the Pennsylvania Railroad Technical and Historical Society Magazine showed that inadequate training for engineers transitioning to the T1 may have led to excessive throttle applications, resulting in driver slippage. Another root cause of wheelslip was faulty "spring equalization": The stiffnesses of the springs supporting the locomotive over the axles were not adjusted to properly equalize the wheel-to-track forces.  The drivers were equalized together but not equalized with the engine truck. In the production fleet the PRR equalized the engine truck with the front engine and the trailing truck with the rear engine, which helped to solve the wheelslip problem.Before the T1, the last production express passenger engine the PRR had produced was the K4s of 1914, produced until 1928. Two experimental enlarged K5 locomotives were produced in 1929, but they weren't considered enough of an improvement to be worthwhile. After that, the PRR's attention switched to electrification and the production of electric locomotives; apparently, the railroad decided that it did not need more steam locomotives.
<Schuyler_Merritt>	Schuyler Merritt (December 16, 1853 – April 1, 1953) was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th congressional district from 1917 to 1931 and 1933 to 1937. He is the namesake of the Merritt Parkway.He was born in New York City, in 1853, the son of Matthew Franklin Merritt (1815–1896), a Connecticut State Senator, and Mariah Shaw Merritt. His father had also served in the Connecticut General Assembly. He moved with his parents to Stamford, Connecticut in 1855.  His maternal grandmother, Clarissa Hoyt, was descended from the original Hoyts who purchased Noroton Hill more than 300 years before.Schuyler prepared for college at private schools in that city and graduated from Yale College in 1873 and from Columbia Law School in 1876.
<Glasgow>	Glasgow (UK: /ˈɡlɑːzɡoʊ, ˈɡlæz-, ˈɡlɑːs-, ˈɡlæs-/ GLA(H)Z-goh, GLA(H)SS-; Scots: Glesca [ˈɡleskə] or Glesga [ˈɡlezɡə]; Scottish Gaelic: Glaschu [ˈkl̪ˠas̪əxu]) is the most populous city in Scotland and the fourth-most populous city in the United Kingdom, as well as being the 27th largest city by population in Europe. In 2020, it had an estimated population of 635,640. Straddling the border between historic Lanarkshire and Renfrewshire, the city now forms the Glasgow City Council area, one of the 32 council areas of Scotland, and is governed by Glasgow City Council. It is situated on the River Clyde in the country's West Central Lowlands.Glasgow has the largest economy in Scotland and the third-highest GDP per capita of any city in the UK. Glasgow's major cultural institutions – the Burrell Collection, Kelvingrove Art Gallery and Museum, the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland, the Royal Scottish National Orchestra, Scottish Ballet and Scottish Opera – enjoy international reputations. The city was the European Capital of Culture in 1990 and is notable for its architecture, culture, media, music scene, sports clubs and transport connections. It is the fifth-most visited city in the United Kingdom. The city hosted the 2021 United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP26) at its main events venue, the SEC Centre. Glasgow hosted the 2014 Commonwealth Games and the first European Championships in 2018, and was one of the host cities for UEFA Euro 2020. The city is also well known in the sporting world for football, particularly the Old Firm rivalry between Celtic and Rangers.
<Vincent_Kartheiser>	Vincent Paul Kartheiser (born May 5, 1979) is an American actor. He played Pete Campbell on the AMC television series Mad Men, for which he received six Screen Actors Guild Award nominations for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series and won twice along with the cast. He had starring roles in the films Alaska, Masterminds, and Another Day in Paradise. Kartheiser also played Connor on The WB television series Angel and Dr. Jonathan Crane in the third season of the HBO series Titans.
<Sarita_(play)>	Sarita is a play/musical by Maria Irene Fornes. It was originally performed at INTAR, 420 West End Street in New York City on January 18, 1984. The play tells the story of the fiery-tempered Sarita Fernandez, who is gradually torn apart by her sexual desires and moral values to the point of insanity.Preamble: Sarita Is Fit.The play begins with Sarita as a 13-year-old schoolgirl living in New York City in 1939, sitting with her friend Yeye in her apartment, telling fortunes. Sarita is flustered because she saw her crush, Julio, getting aroused while talking to a different girl. Yeye assures Sarita that he was really thinking of her when he got aroused, but Sarita vows that she will date many boys just like Julio. In the next scene, Sarita, now 14 years old, tells her mother, Fela, that she is pregnant.Fela at first thinks her tenant, Fernando (an older man), has raped Sarita, but Sarita confessed that she'd been seeing many men and boys and she doesn't know who gave her the baby. Fela tries to solve the problem by trying to get Sarita to marry Fernando so her child will be 'legal.' Both Fernando and Sarita refuse, Sarita because she still wants to go to school, and Fernando because Sarita is a "rude brat." Although we don't ever see a pregnancy develop or a child throughout the play, Sarita does give birth to a son, Melo, whom she leaves in her mother's care. After giving birth, Sarita runs away from home, promising that she'll send money to her son Melo. 
<FC_Hoverla_Uzhhorod>	Football Club Hoverla Uzhhorod (Ukrainian: Футбольний Клуб "Говерла" Ужгород [ɦoˈwɛrlɐ ˈuʒɦorod]) was a Ukrainian professional football club based in Uzhhorod. Following the end of the 2015–16 season it was expelled from the Ukrainian Premier League because of debts to (current and former) players. It then ceased to exist.The club was inaugurated in 1946 as Spartak Uzhhorod. However some of its emblems point to a predecessor, SC Rus, founded in 1925, although direct links between the two franchises can barely be traced. In 1961, Spartak was renamed Verhovyna, and in 1971 Hoverla. In 1982, it was renamed Zakarpattia, then Verhovyna again in 1997 for two years.
<Nehru_Stadium,_Guwahati>	Nehru Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Guwahati, Assam, India. It was built in 1962 and  holds the capacity of 15,000 spectators. Radha Govinda Baruah supervised, constructed and named it as Nehru Stadium. The stadium is operated by the Board of Sports of Assam, Government of Assam. It is used both for football and cricket matches. It has hosted 13 One Day Internationals matches and many matches of domestic cricket tournaments like Ranji Trophy, Duleep Trophy and Deodhar Trophy. In football, it regularly hosts prestigious Bordoloi Trophy and GSA Super Division Football League. The stadium has also hosted Santosh Trophy and Federation Cup, two top level domestic football tournaments of India.
<Muriel_Rahn>	Muriel Ellen Rahn (1911–1961) was an American vocalist and actress. She co-founded the Rose McClendon Players with her husband, Dick Campbell and was one of the leading black concert singers of the mid-20th Century. She is perhaps best known for her starring role in the original Broadway production of Carmen Jones. Rahn also served as musical director of the German State Theater in Frankfurt.Muriel Ellen Rahn was born in Boston in 1911, the daughter of Willie and Elizabeth "Bessie" Rahn (née Smith). After her father died, she moved with her mother to New York City, where Bessie met and married Cornelius M. Battey, who became director of photography of the Tuskegee Institute in Alabama. Muriel finished her high school at Tuskegee, then attended Atlanta University before earning a degree from the Music Conservatory of the University of Nebraska, Lincoln. She was also educated at Columbia University and studied voice at Juilliard School of Music.
<Zagłębie_Lubin>	Zagłębie Lubin S.A. (Polish pronunciation: [zaˈɡwɛmbjɛ ˈlubin]) is a Polish professional football club based in Lubin. Founded in 1945 as OMTUR Lubin, the club competes in the Ekstraklasa.
<Jack_Cusack>	Jack Cusack (November 17, 1890 – 1973) was one of the prominent early figures in professional football in Ohio. At the age of twenty-one, Cusack became the manager and owner of the Canton Bulldogs, one of the leading teams of the day. During his six years with the Canton Bulldogs, Cusack led the team to Ohio League championships, in 1916 and 1917, and was responsible for bringing Jim Thorpe into professional football. Cusack also is responsible for helping revive the Bulldogs following the Canton Bulldogs-Massillon Tigers Betting Scandal, which eroded public support for the game from 1906 until 1911. He also ensured that the Bulldogs had a sturdy financial foundation for when they would later enter the National Football League.  In 1918, Cusack left football to enter the oil and gasoline business in Oklahoma. He later worked as an independent oil operator in Fort Worth, Texas.Cusack developed a love for professional football during the early days of the Canton Bulldogs franchise, then headed up by Blondy Wallace. In 1906 though the Bulldogs were accused of throwing a game to rival Massillon Tigers. Making one of the earliest accusations was Victor Kaufmann, who had lost a heavy bet on the disputed contest. Right after the Bulldogs returned to Canton, the day of the 13-6 loss to Massillion, Kaufmann and Cusack went to the Courtland Hotel Bar, where most of the Bulldogs had congregated to post-mortem the game. There a fight broke out after Kaufman accused the Bulldogs of throwing the game. The fight engulfed the whole bar and police had to be called in. Kauffman and Cusack escaped the bar, before the police showed up. In his book, "A Pioneer in Pro Football", Cusack still believed, years later, that the Bulldogs and Wallace threw the game.A Canton team was organized in 1912, with all games held at League Park, owned by Ed Piero and Dr. Lothamer. The new organization was called the Canton Professionals for fears that the old Bulldog name would bring back memories of the 1906 scandal. In 1912 this time, at the age of 21, Cusack became the team's secretary-treasurer, at no cost to the team, as a favor to Roscoe Oberlin. However Cusack was disliked by the current Professionals manager H.H. Halter. Cusack later went behind Halter's back to sign a contract with Peggy Parrett's Akron Indians, concerning conditions for a match between the two squads, something Halter was unable to do. When Jack's actions were discovered by Halter, he tried to dispose of Jack's services through a team meeting. However during the meeting the team sided Cusack, after discovering that he had secured a 5-year lease on League Park for the Pros. The result was Halter being removed from the team, and Jack being named the team's new manager.
<Professional_Basketball_Club_LLC>	Professional Basketball Club LLC is an investment group headed by Clay Bennett that owns the National Basketball Association (NBA)'s Oklahoma City Thunder franchise (formerly the Seattle SuperSonics) and the Thunder's NBA G League affiliate Oklahoma City Blue. The group also owned the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA)'s Seattle Storm franchise from 2006 to 2008. The PBC then sold the Storm to local Seattle owners, before moving the SuperSonics to Oklahoma City.On July 18, 2006, Basketball Club of Seattle, led by Howard Schultz, sold the Seattle SuperSonics and Seattle Storm to Professional Basketball Club after failing to reach an agreement with the city of Seattle over a publicly funded $220 million expansion of KeyArena. The team relocated to Oklahoma City and began play as the Oklahoma City Thunder in the 2008–09 basketball season, becoming the third NBA franchise to relocate in the 2000s.The Professional Basketball Club on January 8, 2008, sold the Storm to an ownership group consisting of four Seattle businesswomen. On July 31, 2008, the Tulsa 66ers, now Oklahoma City Blue, announced that Professional Basketball Club had purchased the team, marking the third NBA Development League team to be owned by an NBA team (Los Angeles Lakers and San Antonio Spurs).
<Ted_Hughes>	Edward James "Ted" Hughes OM OBE FRSL (17 August 1930 – 28 October 1998) was an English poet, translator, and children's writer. Critics frequently rank him as one of the best poets of his generation and one of the twentieth century's greatest writers. He was appointed Poet Laureate in 1984 and held the office until his death. In 2008 The Times ranked Hughes fourth on its list of "The 50 greatest British writers since 1945".Hughes was married to American poet Sylvia Plath from 1956 until her death by suicide in 1963 at the age of 30.  His last poetic work, Birthday Letters (1998), explored their relationship.
<Gerald_Fink>	Gerald Ralph Fink (born July 1, 1940) is an American biologist, who was Director of the Whitehead Institute at MIT from 1990–2001.  He graduated from Amherst College in 1962 and received a Ph.D. from Yale University in 1965, having elucidated the histidine pathway in budding yeast, Saccharomyces cerevisiae.  After postdoctoral study at the National Institutes of Health with Bruce Ames on the regulation of the histidine operon of Salmonella, in 1967 he joined Cornell University where he became a Professor of Genetics and pursued the study of the HIS4 region of yeast.  In 1982 he became a founding member of the Whitehead Institute and Professor of Genetics at MIT.  Dr. Fink was elected to the United States National Academy of Sciences in 1981, to the Institute of Medicine in 1996, and to the American Philosophical Society in 2003.Fink taught a course in the Molecular Biology of Yeast at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory for 16 years. Many of these students as well as his university students went on to have successful careers in molecular biology.
<Paulo_Lopes_(footballer)>	Paulo Jorge Pedro Lopes (born 29 June 1978) is a Portuguese former footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and is a goalkeeping coach of Benfica.He appeared in 81 Primeira Liga matches over 14 seasons, representing Benfica, Gil Vicente, Estrela da Amadora, Trofense and Feirense. Despite having played only 11 matches for the first club, he won 12 trophies with them always as third-choice.
<Lancaster,_California>	Lancaster /ˈlæŋ.kæstər/ is a charter city in northern Los Angeles County, in the Antelope Valley of the western Mojave Desert in Southern California. As of the 2020 census, the population was 173,516, making Lancaster the 153rd largest city in the United States and the 30th largest in California. Lancaster is part of a twin city complex with its southern neighbor Palmdale, and together they are the principal cities within the Antelope Valley region.Lancaster is located approximately 70 miles (110 km) north (via I-5 and SR 14) of downtown Los Angeles, and is near the Kern County line. It is separated from the Los Angeles Basin by the San Gabriel Mountains to the south, and from Bakersfield and the San Joaquin Valley by the Tehachapi Mountains to the north. The population of Lancaster has grown from 37,000 at the time of its incorporation in 1977 to over 157,000 as of 2019.
<RAG_AG>	RAG AG, formerly Ruhrkohle AG, is the largest German coal mining corporation. The company headquarters are in Essen in the Ruhr area. The company was founded on 27 November 1968, consolidating several coalmining corporations into the Ruhrkohle AG.On 12 September 2007 as a result of restructuring, the business areas of chemicals, energy and real estate were transferred to the new business entity Evonik Industries AG. Today, Evonik Industries are majority owned by the RAG-Stiftung (English: RAG-Foundation), which uses corporate profits to finance the costs that arise due to the former mining activities in the Ruhr region. The foundation plans on using about 220 million euro per year from 2019 to maintain abandoned coal mines, which mainly involves pumping out the ground water that destabilises tunnels. Since its board of trustees is dominated by federal and regional government officials as well as unions, RAG Foundation is also keen to secure Evonik's more than 20,000 jobs in Germany.By June 2014, the foundation received the approval from its board of trustees to cut its Evonik stake to 60 percent over the medium term.
<Nicky_Henson>	Nicky Henson (né  Nicholas Victor Leslie Henson; 12 May 1945 – 15 December 2019) was a British actor.Nicholas Victor Leslie Henson was born in London, the son of Harriet Martha (née  Collins) and comedian Leslie Henson. Adam Henson, a farmer and regular presenter on BBC TV's Countryfile, is the son of Nicky's brother, Joe Henson.
<Oliver_Drake_(filmmaker)>	Clarence Oliver Drake (May 28, 1903 – August 19, 1991) was an American film/television director, screenwriter, producer and actor who was most active in the Western genre. Though Drake began his career as an actor, he is best known as a prolific screenwriter and director of low-budget Western films (sometimes referred to as B-Westerns). Drake was most active in the 1930s and 1940s, although he continued writing and directing films until 1974.His films include Today I Hang (1942).
<John_Yeon>	John Yeon (October 29, 1910 – March 13, 1994) was an American architect in Portland, Oregon, in the mid-twentieth century.  He is regarded as one of the early practitioners of the Northwest Regional style of Modernism. Largely self-taught, Yeon’s wide ranging activities encompassed planning, conservation, historic preservation, art collecting, and urban activism. He was a connoisseur of objets d’art as well as landscapes, and one of Oregon’s most gifted architectural designers, even while his output was limited.The family name is pronounced "yee-on", not "yawn".John Yeon was born in Portland on October 29, 1910, the son of John B. Yeon and Elizabeth Mock Yeon. The elder was a lumber baron and construction manager who oversaw the building of the Columbia River Highway, and developer of Portland's Yeon Building. The younger Yeon was largely raised in Portland and attended Allen Preparatory School in that city. But he also attended the Moran School in Washington State, where he did some of his earliest design work.  After he completed high school, he left for California to attend Stanford University. An autodidact and polymath, Yeon attended the college for just a single semester before leaving and never became a licensed architect.
<Lisbon>	Lisbon (/ˈlɪzbən/; Portuguese: Lisboa [liʒˈboɐ] (listen)) is the capital and largest city of Portugal, with an estimated population of 544,851 within its administrative limits in an area of 100.05 km2. Lisbon's urban area extends beyond the city's administrative limits with a population of around 2.7 million people, being the 11th-most populous urban area in the European Union. About 3 million people live in the Lisbon metropolitan area, making it the third largest metropolitan area in the Iberian Peninsula, after Madrid and Barcelona. It represents approximately 27% of the country's population. It is mainland Europe's westernmost capital city and the only one along the Atlantic coast. Lisbon lies in the western Iberian Peninsula on the Atlantic Ocean and the River Tagus. The westernmost portions of its metro area, the Portuguese Riviera, form the westernmost point of Continental Europe, culminating at Cabo da Roca.Lisbon is recognised as an alpha-level global city because of its importance in finance, commerce, fashion, media, entertainment, arts, international trade, education and tourism. Lisbon is one of two Portuguese cities (alongside Porto) to be recognised as a global city. Lisbon is home to three companies in the Global 2000. It is one of the major economic centres in Europe, with a growing financial sector and one of the largest container ports on Europe's Atlantic coast. Additionally, Humberto Delgado Airport served 31 million passengers in 2019, being the busiest airport in Portugal, the third busiest in the Iberian Peninsula and the 20th busiest in Europe. The motorway network and the high-speed rail system of Alfa Pendular link the main cities of Portugal to Lisbon. The city is the ninth-most-visited city in Southern Europe, after Istanbul, Rome, Barcelona, Milan, Athens, Venice, Madrid and Florence with 3,539,400 tourists in 2018. The Lisbon region has a higher GDP PPP per capita than any other region in Portugal. Its GDP amounts to US$110.3 billion and thus $39,434 per capita. The city occupies the 40th place of highest gross earnings in the world. Most of the headquarters of multinational corporations in Portugal are located in the Lisbon area. It is also the political centre of the country, as its seat of government and residence of the head of state.
<Virgin_Interactive>	Virgin Interactive Entertainment (later renamed Avalon Interactive) was the video game publishing division of British conglomerate the Virgin Group. It developed and published games for major platforms and employed developers, including Westwood Studios co-founder Brett Sperry and Earthworm Jim creators David Perry and Doug TenNapel. Others include video game composer Tommy Tallarico and animators Bill Kroyer and Andy Luckey.Formed as Virgin Games in 1983, and built around a small development team called the Gang of Five, the company grew significantly after purchasing budget label Mastertronic in 1987. As Virgin's video game division grew into a multimedia powerhouse, it crossed over to other industries from toys to film to education. To highlight its focus beyond video games and on multimedia, the publisher was renamed Virgin Interactive Entertainment in 1993.As result of a growing trend throughout the 1990s of media companies, movie studios and telecom firms investing in video game makers to create new forms of entertainment, VIE became part of the entertainment industry after being acquired by media companies Blockbuster and Viacom, who were attracted by its multimedia and CD-ROM-based software development. Being located in close proximity to the thirty-mile zone and having access to the media content of its parent companies drew Virgin Interactive's U.S. division closer to Hollywood as it began developing sophisticated interactive games, leading to partnerships with Disney and other major studios on motion picture-based games such as The Lion King, Aladdin, RoboCop and The Terminator, in addition to being the publisher of popular titles from other companies like Capcom's Resident Evil series and Street Fighter Collection and id Software's Doom II in the European market.
<British_Orthodox_Church>	The British Orthodox Church (BOC), formerly the Orthodox Church of the British Isles, is an independent Oriental Orthodox church.The British Orthodox Church has not been in communion with any of the Oriental Orthodox churches since a 2015 decision to return to an independent status.The church claims to be the continuation of the Ancient British Church of Jules Ferrette.
<Maxi_(Serbian_supermarket)>	Delhaize Serbia (full legal name: Delhaize Serbia d.o.o. Beograd) or Delhaize Maxi, is a Serbian supermarket chain owned by Ahold Delhaize, with headquarters in Belgrade. Founded in 2000, the chain has around 482 stores in Serbia. As of 2016, it has 20.60% market share in Serbia.In Serbia, Maxi became the biggest retail company by acquiring companies C-market and Pekabeta. In March 2011, Ahold Delhaize bought Maxi supermarket chain from Serbian Delta Holding for a sum of 932.5 million euros.Since 2013, Maxi and Tempo are no longer operating in Montenegro and Albania.[citation needed]
<Steve_Wynn>	Stephen Alan Wynn (né Weinberg; born January 27, 1942) is an American real estate developer and art collector. He is known for his involvement in the American luxury casino and hotel industry. Early in his career he oversaw the construction and operation of several notable Las Vegas and Atlantic City hotels, including the Golden Nugget, the Golden Nugget Atlantic City, The Mirage, Treasure Island, the Bellagio, and Beau Rivage in Mississippi, and he played a pivotal role in the resurgence and expansion of the Las Vegas Strip in the 1990s. In 2000, Wynn sold his company, Mirage Resorts, to MGM Grand Inc., resulting in the formation of MGM Mirage (now MGM Resorts International). Wynn later took his company Wynn Resorts public in an initial public offering and was Wynn Resorts' CEO and Chairman of the Board until February 6, 2018, when he announced his resignation. He is a prominent donor to the Republican Party, and was the finance chair of the Republican National Committee from January 2017 to January 2018, when he resigned amid sexual misconduct allegations.Through Wynn Resorts, he has overseen the construction and development of several luxury resorts, opening Wynn Las Vegas in 2005, Wynn Macau in 2006, Encore Las Vegas in 2008, Encore at Wynn Macau in 2010 and Wynn Palace in Macau in 2016, and Wynn Everett near Boston which opened in June 2019 under the name Encore Boston Harbor. In 2006, Wynn was inducted into the American Gaming Association Hall of Fame. As of September 2015, Wynn's net worth was estimated by Forbes at $2.4 billion, making him the 279th wealthiest American. Steve Wynn collects fine art, including pieces by artists such as Picasso and Claude Monet.On February 6, 2018, Wynn stepped down as CEO of Wynn Resorts amid accusations of sexual misconduct including harassment, assault, and coercion. Wynn has denied the allegations.
<Ken_Kesey>	Ken Elton Kesey (September 17, 1935 – November 10, 2001) was an American novelist, essayist and countercultural figure. He considered himself a link between the Beat Generation of the 1950s and the hippies of the 1960s.Kesey was born in La Junta, Colorado, and grew up in Springfield, Oregon, graduating from the University of Oregon in 1957. He began writing One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest in 1960 after completing a graduate fellowship in creative writing at Stanford University; the novel was an immediate commercial and critical success when published two years later. During this period, Kesey participated in government studies involving hallucinogenic drugs (including mescaline and LSD) to supplement his income.
<Bruce_Elmegreen>	Bruce Gordon Elmegreen (born 24 February 1950) is an American astronomer.Elmegreen was born in Milwaukee, and received his bachelor's degree in 1971 from the University of Wisconsin–Madison and his PhD in 1975 from Princeton University in astrophysics under Lyman Spitzer. From 1975 to 1978 he was a Junior Fellow at Harvard University. From 1978 to 1984 he was an assistant professor at Columbia University. Beginning in 1984 he has been employed at IBM doing research at the Thomas J. Watson Research Center.His research deals with interstellar gas with a focus on star formation in gaseous nebulae and large-scale structure of spiral galaxies. Using computer model simulations, he proved the existence of standing waves in spiral galaxies.
<Mark_Burchill>	Mark James Burchill (born 18 August 1980) is a Scottish former professional football player and coach. He played for Scottish clubs Celtic, Dundee, Hearts, Dunfermline Athletic, Kilmarnock and Livingston, and in England for Birmingham City, Ipswich Town, Portsmouth, Wigan Athletic, Sheffield Wednesday and Rotherham United. He was capped six times for the Scotland national team.Burchill was born in Bangour and grew up in Livingston, West Lothian, Scotland. He attended St Mary's Academy, Bathgate followed by St. Margaret's Academy, Livingston, where his footballing ability became apparent. Burchill began his career at Scottish club Celtic for the 1997–98 season. In his first three seasons with the club he scored 20 Scottish Premier League goals in only 17 starts, with 33 appearances as a substitute. This prolific return saw him gain a place in the Scotland national football team, making his debut against Bosnia-Herzegovina in October 1999. While playing for Celtic against Jeunesse Esch of Luxembourg in the qualifying round of the 2000-01 UEFA Cup, Burchill scored the fastest-ever hat-trick in a European club match. However, successive managers failed to see the Scotland international as a part of the first team picture. The signing of £6 million Chris Sutton further pushed Burchill down the pecking order, and in September 2000 he moved to Birmingham City on a three-month loan, making his debut in a 2–0 home win over Tranmere Rovers. Burchill went on to score five goals in 17 games (10 as a substitute) during the spell. Birmingham wanted to complete the deal but were unable to agree personal terms with the player. In February 2001, Burchill chose to go on another three-month loan until the season's end at Ipswich Town, scoring once against Bradford City.
<Didi_Conn>	Edith "Didi" Conn (née Bernstein; born July 13, 1951) is an American actress. She is best known for her work as Frenchy in Grease, Denise Stevens Downey in Benson and Stacy Jones in Shining Time Station.[citation needed]
<NBCUniversal>	Universal lineNBCUniversal Media, LLC is an American multinational mass media and entertainment conglomerate corporation owned by Comcast and headquartered at 30 Rockefeller Plaza in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, United States.NBCUniversal is primarily involved in the media and entertainment industry. The company is named for its two most significant divisions, the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) – one of the United States' Big Three television networks – and the major Hollywood film studio Universal Pictures. It also has a significant presence in broadcasting through a portfolio of domestic and international properties, including USA, Syfy, Bravo, E!, Telemundo (Spanish), Universal Kids, and the streaming service Peacock. Via its Universal Parks & Resorts division, NBCUniversal is also the third-largest operator of amusement parks in the world. Since 2018, its sister company under Comcast's control, Sky Group Limited, holds its media and telecommunication assets.
<Fiddler_on_the_Roof_(film)>	Fiddler on the Roof is a 1971 American period musical film based on the 1964 stage musical of the same name, produced and directed by Norman Jewison. Set in early 20th-century Imperial Russia, the film centers on Tevye, played by Topol, a poor Jewish milkman who is faced with the challenge of marrying off his five daughters amidst the growing tension in his shtetl. The cast also features Norma Crane, Leonard Frey, Molly Picon, Paul Mann, Rosalind Harris, Michèle Marsh, Neva Small and Paul Michael Glaser. The musical score, composed by Jerry Bock with lyrics by Sheldon Harnick, was adapted and conducted by John Williams.Filmed at Shepperton Studios in England and on-location in Yugoslavia, Fiddler on the Roof was theatrically released on November 3, 1971, by United Artists to critical and commercial success. Reviewers praised Jewison's direction, the screenplay, and the performances of the cast, while the film grossed $83.3 million worldwide on a $9 million budget, becoming the highest-grossing film of 1971. 
<Michael_Ho_(politician)>	Michael Ho Mun-ka, (born 6 November 1955) is a member of the Hong Kong Democratic Party and was the member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (1991–2000) for the Health Services (constituency).
<Eliran_George>	Eliran George (Hebrew: אלירן ג'ורג'; born 15 March 1992) is an Israeli footballer currently playing for Maccabi HaShikma Ramat Hen.George started his professional career with boyhood club, Maccabi Tel Aviv.On August 31, 2011 George signed a contract for two years for Hapoel Haifa.
<Frisco_RoughRiders>	The Frisco RoughRiders (often shortened to 'Riders) are a Minor League Baseball team of the Texas League and the Double-A affiliate of the Texas Rangers. They are located in Frisco, Texas, and are named for the 1st U.S. Volunteer Cavalry Regiment during the Spanish–American War, headed by future American President Theodore Roosevelt, nicknamed "The Rough Riders" by the American press. They play their home games at Riders Field, which opened in 2003 and seats 10,316 people.The RoughRiders have served as an affiliate of the Rangers since their establishment in 2003 as members of the Texas League. They moved to the Double-A Central in 2021, but this was renamed the Texas League in 2022. Frisco has reached the postseason on seven occasions. They have won five division titles and two league championships. Their first Texas League title was won in 2004, and the RoughRiders secured their second title in 2022.In 2001, the Texas League's Shreveport SwampDragons (previously the Shreveport Captains) of Shreveport, Louisiana, were purchased by Mandalay Entertainment in connection with Tom Hicks, former owner of the Texas Rangers and the Southwest Sports Group. Mandalay Baseball moved them to the North Texas city of Frisco and changed their name to the RoughRiders. The team would play at Dr Pepper Ballpark, a newly constructed stadium, and be the Double-A affiliate of the Texas Rangers.
<E._C._Segar>	Elzie Crisler Segar (/ˈsiːɡɑːr/; December 8, 1894 – October 13, 1938), known by the pen name E. C. Segar, was an American cartoonist best known as the creator of Popeye, a pop culture character who first appeared in 1929 in Segar's comic strip Thimble Theatre.Charles M. Schulz said of Segar's work: "I think Popeye was a perfect comic strip, consistent in drawing and humor". Carl Barks described Segar as "the unbridled genius as far as I was concerned".
<Racconti_romani>	Racconti romani (Roman Tales) is a series of sixty-one short stories written by the Italian author, Alberto Moravia.  Written and published initially in the Italian newspaper, Il Corriere della Sera, they were published as a collection in 1954 by Bompiani.  All of the stories are set in Rome or its surroundings after World War II and focus on 'the common people of Rome' (Roma popolana).  The characters in these stories tend to be the unemployed, ex-convicts, waiters, drivers, con artists, thieves and petty criminals, the average man (or woman) and the lower classes aspiring to climb out of poverty.All the stories are told in the first person with the narrator often unnamed, although details are usually furnished to provide a clue to the narrator's identity, such as their occupation, motivations and social status.  Moravia's Racconti Romani provide  a snapshot on life in Rome after World War II, revealing much about the inhabitants of Rome in the early 1950s.Below is a list of the names of the short stories that comprise the Racconti Romani.  Their order is the same presented in volume 3, tome 1 of Alberto Moravia's, Opere (ISBN 8845244148), a multi-volume set containing all of Moravia's writings published by Bompiani in 2000:
<Jam_(film)>	Jam (or Jam: When Lives Collide) is a 2006 drama film directed by Craig E. Serling. Written by Serling and Nicole Lonner, the film was executive produced by Dianne Burnett for Burnett Entertainment in association with Thanksgiving Films.  As Serling's first feature-length project, Jam is based upon a short film by the same name that Serling shot in 2004. Starring Elizabeth Bogush, Dan Byrd, Julie Claire, and David DeLuise, Jam premiered at the Vail Film Festival on April 1, 2006, aired on television on the Starz! TV channel, and was released on DVD on July 3, 2007, by the Starz! distribution branch of Anchor Bay Entertainment.The original concept was based upon an incident when Serling and his writing partner Nicole Lonner were stuck in a traffic in upstate New York. The script for Jam was completed in 2003, and after obtaining financing, Serling shot the concept as a short film in 2004, completing principal photography in 2-1/2 days, and making the short film's debut at The Other Venice Film Festival in 2005.The filmmaker found that shooting it as a short before shooting it as a feature allowed him to hone the script and concept to better create a marketable project. After obtaining financing for the feature-length version, Serling shot it over a 15-day period in 2006. The feature-length film made festival rounds before being licensed for release through Starz!, airing first on their TV channel and then being released on DVD through Anchor Bay Entertainment.
<Philip_Cohen_(British_biochemist)>	Sir Philip Cohen FRS FRSE FMedSci (born 22 July 1945) is a British researcher, academic and Royal Medal winner based at the Medical Research Council Protein Phosphorylation and Ubiquitylation Unit, School of Life Sciences at the University of Dundee. During the 1990s he was the world's third most cited professor (and the second most cited in the fields of biology and biochemistry) and has been described by Professor Garry Taylor of the University of St Andrews as "one of the world’s top scientists". and by Professor Sir Peter Downes as "arguably the UK's leading biochemist and an iconic figure in UK science". As of 2008 he has written over 470 peer-reviewed papers and given over 250 invited lectures in 33 countries, and has been repeatedly linked to a move of biotechnology companies to Dundee and the economic regeneration that came with it, to the point where 15% of the local economy is derived from biotech companies and their employees. His work has also seen Dundee attracting some of the world's best scientists, with over 1% of the world's most cited scientists residing in Dundee and fundraising of more than £35 million over the last 10 years to help attract them.He was born in Middlesex, and after leaving Hendon County Grammar School he attended University College London, where he was awarded a BSc in 1966 with first class honours and a PhD in 1969 under Michael Rosemeyer. After leaving UCL he spent two years at the University of Washington doing postgraduate work with Edmond H. Fischer before returning to Britain in 1971 to become a lecturer at the University of Dundee, where he continues to work. He was made a reader in 1978 and gained a personal chair in 1981. In 1982 he was made a fellow of the European Molecular Biology Organization, and in 1984 he became a Royal Society Research professor and elected a fellow of both the Royal Society of Edinburgh and Royal Society. In 1990 he was made Director of the Medical Research Council Protein Phosphorylation Unit, a position he held until 2012. Also in 1990 he was made a fellow of the Academia Europaea. In 1993 he was made a fellow of UCL and in the 1998 Queen's Birthday Honours was knighted, served as a founding member of the Academy of Medical Sciences and was made an honorary fellow of the Royal College of Pathologists. In 2006 it was announced that Sir Philip Cohen would be taking over as president of the Biochemical Society. In 2008, Philip established and was Director of the SCottish Institute for ceLL Signalling (SCILLS). In 2012, the MRC Protein Phosphorylation Unit expanded its research focus and absorbed SCILLS to become the MRC Protein Phosphorylation and Ubiquitylation Unit. He was Director of the Division of Signal Transduction Therapy from its founding in 1998 until 2012. He is currently Deputy Director.
<St._Marks_Is_Dead>	St. Marks Is Dead: The Many Lives of America's Hippest Street is a nonfiction book by Ada Calhoun about the history of St. Mark's Place, a three-block stretch of East Village, Manhattan. Calhoun, who grew up on the street, shows how disillusioned bohemians of every era have declared "St. Marks Is Dead" when their era on the street passed. The book was released on November 2, 2015, by W. W. Norton & Company. It was named by many publications one of the best books of 2015.In a narrative history informed by 250 interviews and 70 rare images, St. Marks native Ada Calhoun profiles iconic characters, including W. H. Auden, Abbie Hoffman, Keith Haring, Beastie Boys, Frank O'Hara, Emma Goldman, The Velvet Underground, and New York Dolls. She argues that St. Marks has variously been an elite address, an immigrants' haven, a mafia warzone, a hippie paradise, and a backdrop to the film Kids―and always been a place that outsiders call home. The book is organized around pivotal moments throughout history when denizens declared "St. Marks is dead."St. Marks Is Dead was a New York Times Editors’ Pick, Amazon.com Book of the Month, and named one of the best books of the year by Kirkus Reviews, The Boston Globe, Orlando Weekly, and New York Post. The Village Voice called it, "The Best Nonfiction Book About New York, 2015," and said, "With St. Marks Is Dead, Ada Calhoun just became the most important new voice on old New York."
<Paula_Vogel>	Paula Vogel (born November 16, 1951) is an American playwright who received the 1998 Pulitzer Prize for Drama for her play How I Learned to Drive. A longtime teacher, Vogel spent the bulk of her academic career – from 1984 to 2008 – at Brown University, where she served as Adele Kellenberg Seaver Professor in Creative Writing, oversaw its playwriting program, and helped found the Brown/Trinity Rep Consortium. From 2008 to 2012, Vogel was Eugene O'Neill Professor of Playwriting and department chair at the Yale School of Drama, as well as playwright in residence at the Yale Repertory Theatre.Vogel was born in Washington, D.C., to Donald Stephen Vogel, an advertising executive, and Phyllis Rita (Bremerman), a secretary for the United States Postal Service Training and Development Center. Her father was Jewish, whereas her mother was Roman Catholic. She attended Bryn Mawr College from 1969 to 1970 and 1971 to 1972, and is a graduate of The Catholic University of America (BA, 1974) and Cornell University (MA, 1976; PhD, 2016).A productive playwright since the late 1970s, Vogel first came to national prominence with her AIDS-related seriocomedy The Baltimore Waltz, which won the Obie Award for Best Play in 1992.  She is best known for her Pulitzer Prize-winning play How I Learned to Drive (1997), which examines the impact and echoes of child sexual abuse and incest.  Other notable plays include Desdemona, A Play About A Handkerchief (1993), The Oldest Profession (1981), And Baby Makes Seven (1984), Hot 'N Throbbing (1994), and The Mineola Twins (1996).
<Keio_Medical_Science_Prize>	The Keio Medical Science Prize (Japanese: 慶應医学賞) is a Japanese prize in medical sciences.The prize is awarded to scientists who made significant contributions to the field of medical sciences or life sciences. And these contributions can further promote the peace and prosperity of mankind and human society.The prize award is 20 million Japanese Yen (approximately 180,000 US$). A medal is also awarded to the winner. Every year maximum two winners are awarded. A prize ceremony is held every year normally at Keio University, Tokyo, Japan.
<The_Skies_Belong_to_Us>	The Skies Belong to Us: Love and Terror in the Golden Age of Hijacking is a 2013 narrative nonfiction book by the American author Brendan I. Koerner. It is a history of the "golden age" of aircraft hijacking in the United States from the first incident in May 1961 through January 1973. Hijackings during this period took place as often as once a week, with about 160 incidents in total (most were to Cuba). The book looks at the causes of the epidemic, some of the more famous ones and follows in-depth the story of the longest-distance skyjacking in American history, involving Willie Roger Holder and Catherine Marie Kerkow, a young couple who took control of Western Airlines Flight 701 on June 2, 1972, and ended up flying across the Atlantic Ocean to Algeria. It finally examines what brought the hijacking craze to an end in 1973.The book was favorably reviewed including in the New York Times Book Review, New York Times, Washington Post, Los Angeles Times, The National (Abu Dhabi), SFGate, and Bookforum.It was an ALA Notable Books for Adults (2014), and was one of the New York Times 100 Notable Books of the Year (2013). It was longlisted for the Andrew Carnegie Medal for Excellence in Nonfiction (2014).
<Pedro_Valido>	Pedro Manuel Valido Franco (born 13 March 1970) is a Portuguese former footballer who played as a central defender. Currently, he is an assistant coach for Benfica B in Liga Portugal 2.Starting out in the youth teams of Benfica, he amassed a total of 1 goal in 150 games in the Primeira Liga over the course of a career with eight different clubs.Valido earned 26 caps for Portugal from under-18 to under-21 level, winning the 1989 World Championship with the under-20 side.
<Sidney_Holland>	Sir Sidney George Holland GCB CH PC (18 October 1893 – 5 August 1961) was a New Zealand politician who served as the 25th prime minister of New Zealand from 13 December 1949 to 20 September 1957. He was instrumental in the creation and consolidation of the New Zealand National Party, which was to dominate New Zealand politics for much of the second half of the 20th century.
<Maggie_Cheung>	Maggie Cheung Man-yuk (Chinese: 張曼玉; born 20 September 1964) is a Hong Kong former actress. Raised in Hong Kong and Britain, she started her career after placing second in 1983's Miss Hong Kong Pageant. She achieved critical success in the late 1980s and into the early 2000s, before taking a break from acting following her last starring role in 2004. She rarely makes public appearances except for fashion events and award ceremonies.Cheung has won numerous accolades at home and abroad for her acting. She has won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress 5 times in the span of 11 years from 1990 to 2001, and holds the record for most wins in that category. She also holds the record for most wins for the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress in Taiwan, having won 4 times. In the West, she has been awarded the Silver Bear for Best Actress at Berlin International Film Festival in 1992 and Best Actress at Cannes Film Festival in 2004. In 2004, she became the first Asian actress to be nominated for the French César Award for Best Actress.
<Michael_Gough>	Francis Michael Gough (/ɡɒf/ GOF; 23 November 1916 – 17 March 2011) was a British character actor who made more than 150 film and television appearances. He is known for his roles in the Hammer Horror Films from 1958, with his first role as Sir Arthur Holmwood in Dracula, and for his recurring role as Alfred Pennyworth in all four of the Batman films from 1989 to 1997. He would appear in three more Burton films: in Sleepy Hollow, voicing Elder Gutknecht in Corpse Bride and the Dodo in Alice in Wonderland.Gough also appeared in popular British television shows, including Doctor Who (as the titular villain in The Celestial Toymaker (1966) and as Councillor Hedin in Arc of Infinity (1983)), and in a memorable episode of The Avengers as the automation-obsessed wheelchair user Dr. Armstrong in "The Cybernauts" (1965). In 1956 he received a British Academy Television Award for Best Actor.
<Eggers_&_Higgins>	Eggers & Higgins was a New York architectural firm partnered by Otto Reinhold Eggers (August 4, 1882 – April 23, 1964) and Daniel Paul Higgins (September 12, 1886 – December 26, 1953). The architects were responsible for the construction phase of the Thomas Jefferson Memorial beginning in 1939, two years after the death of its original architect, John Russell Pope, despite protests that their appointment had been undemocratic and therefore "un-Jeffersonian". Critics argued a competition should have been held to choose Pope's successor. In 1941, they also completed construction of Pope's other famous design, the West Building of the National Gallery of Art, also in Washington, D.C.The pair were longtime associates of Pope in the firm he founded in 1903 as the Office of John Russell Pope, Architect.  Eggers was a brilliant designer and renderer who served as Pope's right hand for almost thirty years. They changed the name of the firm to Eggers & Higgins in 1937, soon after Pope's death. In 1958, it ranked as the fourth-largest architecture firm in the United States. The firm was renamed The Eggers Partnership in 1970, and then as The Eggers Group, PC when it became a professional corporation in 1976.  It eventually merged into what is now RMJM, a large architectural firm with offices in the United States, the United Kingdom, and Asia.Eggers & Higgins also designed the Brooklyn War Memorial, a classical stone building in Cadman Plaza dedicated to Brooklynites who fought in World War II. At the same time, they also designed the Vanderbilt Law School Building, now Vanderbilt Hall of the New York University School of Law. For the 1939 New York World's Fair they designed the Railroads Building, the largest at the Fair, and the Schaefer center, a restaurant seating 1600 with a long open-air bar. In Lincoln Center the firm developed Damrosch Park, an outdoor amphitheater with a bowl-style stage known as the Guggenheim Band Shell.
<Åsa_Larsson>	Åsa Larsson (born 28 June 1966) is a Swedish crime-fiction writer. Although born in Uppsala, she was raised in Kiruna in the far north. Prior to becoming a full-time writer, Larsson was a tax lawyer, a profession she shares with the heroine of her novels, Rebecka Martinsson. Her first Rebecka Martinsson novel, Solstorm, was awarded the Swedish Crime Writers' Association prize for best first novel. It was published in the UK (under the title The Savage Altar) and was shortlisted for the Duncan Lawrie International Dagger. Her second Rebecka Martinsson novel, Det blod som spillts, won the Best Swedish Crime Novel Award. Till offer åt Molok, her fifth Rebecka Martinsson novel also won the Best Swedish Crime Novel Award. Her books and characters serve as the basis for the internationally successful TV series Rebecka Martinsson.The 2007 Swedish film Solstorm was based on the book The Savage Altar.She is a granddaughter of the Olympic skier Erik August Larsson.
<Harold_Hotelling>	Harold Hotelling (/ˈhoʊtəlɪŋ/; September 29, 1895 – December 26, 1973) was an American mathematical statistician and an influential economic theorist, known for Hotelling's law, Hotelling's lemma, and Hotelling's rule in economics, as well as Hotelling's T-squared distribution in statistics. He also developed and named the principal component analysis method widely used in finance, statistics and computer science.He was Associate Professor of Mathematics at Stanford University from 1927 until 1931, a member of the faculty of Columbia University from 1931 until 1946, and a Professor of Mathematical Statistics at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill from 1946 until his death. A street in Chapel Hill bears his name. In 1972, he received the North Carolina Award for contributions to science.Hotelling is known to statisticians because of Hotelling's T-squared distribution which is a generalization of the Student's t-distribution in multivariate setting, and its use in statistical hypothesis testing and confidence regions. He also introduced canonical correlation analysis.
<Silvio_Narizzano>	Silvio Narizzano (8 February 1927 – 26 July 2011) was a Canadian film and television director who worked primarily in the United Kingdom. His directorial credits included the critically acclaimed films Georgy Girl (1966) and Loot (1970), which brought Narizzano several accolades, and television dramas like ITV Play of the Week, Zero One, Court Martial, Come Back, Little Sheba, Staying On, and The Body in the Library. He was nominated for four BAFTA Awards (including once for Best British Film), winning once for Best Drama Series.Born in Montreal to a family of Italian background, Narizzano was educated at Bishop's University, Quebec. His cinematic influences included Richard Lester, Tony Richardson, John Schlesinger, and the French New Wave. He initially worked for the Mountain Playhouse in Montreal and the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC). He then emigrated to the United Kingdom, where he directed various TV series and his first film, Hammer Horror's Fanatic (1965). Narizzano's most successful film was Georgy Girl (1966), which received four Academy Award nominations as well as a BAFTA nomination for Best British Film, and was entered into the 16th Berlin International Film Festival.
<UPN>	The United Paramount Network (UPN) was an American broadcast television network that launched on January 16, 1995. It was originally owned by Chris-Craft Industries' United Television. Viacom (through its Paramount Television unit, which produced most of the network's series) turned it into a joint venture in 1996 after acquiring a 50% stake in the network, and subsequently purchased Chris-Craft's remaining stake in 2000. On December 31, 2005, UPN was spun off to CBS Corporation when Viacom split into two separate companies. CBS Corporation and Time Warner jointly announced on January 24, 2006, that the companies would shut down UPN and competitor The WB to launch a new joint venture network later that year. UPN ceased broadcasting on September 15, 2006, with The WB following two days later. Select programs from both networks moved to the new network, The CW (now parts of Warner Bros. Discovery and Paramount Global) when it launched on September 18, 2006.Paramount Pictures had played a pivotal role in the development of network television. It was a partner in the DuMont Television Network, and the Paramount Theaters chain, which was spun off from the corporate/studio parent, merged with ABC in a deal that helped cement that network's status as a major network. The Paramount Television Network was launched in 1948, but dissolved in the 1950s.
<The_Last_Song_(film)>	The Last Song may refer to:
<Sonny_Anderson>	Anderson da Silva (born 19 September 1970), better known as Sonny Anderson, is a Brazilian former professional footballer who played as a striker. A prolific goalscorer at the club level, he was best known for his spells with Lyon, Monaco (he played most of his abroad career in France, amassing Ligue 1 totals of 221 matches and 138 goals) and Barcelona. He participated with Brazil in the 2001 Confederations Cup, and won a total of six caps for his country, scoring one goal.Born in Goiatuba, Goiás, Anderson started playing professionally with CR Vasco da Gama, but failed to make an early impression. After failing to score in 18 matches in his last year, he moved to Guarani.
<Akshay_Venkatesh>	Akshay Venkatesh FRS (born 21 November 1981) is an Australian mathematician and a professor (since 15 August 2018) at the School of Mathematics at the Institute for Advanced Study. His research interests are in the fields of counting, equidistribution problems in automorphic forms and number theory, in particular representation theory, locally symmetric spaces, ergodic theory, and algebraic topology.He is the only Australian to have won medals at both the International Physics Olympiad and International Mathematical Olympiad, which he did at the age of 12.
<Highland_Arts_Theatre>	The Highland Arts Theatre is a historic building, first constructed as a Presbyterian Church, now operating an arts and culture centre in Sydney, Cape Breton Regional Municipality, Nova Scotia, Canada. It was initially constructed as St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church.In June 2014 St. Andrew's reopened as the Highland Arts Theatre, a live play and film theatre and concert venue located in Sydney's waterfront district.St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, construction of which started in 1910 and completed in 1911, was the third church built by the Sydney and Mira Presbyterian congregation, originating from 1852. The congregations outgrew the two previous Sydney churches, and so St. Andrew's was built to contain over 1,000 people for services.
<Richard_Corliss>	Richard Nelson Corliss (March 6, 1944 – April 23, 2015) was an American film critic and magazine editor for Time. He focused on movies, with occasional articles on other subjects.He was the former editor-in-chief of Film Comment and authored several books including Talking Pictures, which, along with other publications, drew early attention to the screenwriter, as opposed to the director.
<Do_Not_Adjust_Your_Set>	Do Not Adjust Your Set (DNAYS) is a British television series produced originally by Rediffusion, London, then, by the fledgling Thames Television for British commercial television channel ITV from 26 December 1967 to 14 May 1969. The show took its name from the message (frequently seen on the TV screen in those days) which was displayed when there was a problem with transmission.It helped launch the careers of Denise Coffey, David Jason, Eric Idle, Terry Jones and Michael Palin; the last three became members of the Monty Python comedy troupe soon afterward. Although originally conceived as a children's programme, it quickly acquired a fandom amongst adults, including future Python members John Cleese and Graham Chapman.
<Speak_(Anderson_novel)>	Speak, published in 1999, is a young adult novel by Laurie Halse Anderson that tells the story of high school freshman Melinda Sordino. After Melinda is raped at an end of summer party, she calls the police, who break up the party. Melinda is then ostracized by her peers because she will not say why she called the police. Unable to verbalize what happened, Melinda nearly stops speaking altogether, expressing her voice through the art she produces for Mr. Freeman's class.  This expression slowly helps Melinda acknowledge what happened, face her problems, and recreate her identity.Speak is considered a problem novel, or trauma novel. Melinda's story is written in a diary format, consisting of a nonlinear plot and jumpy narrative that mimics the trauma she experienced. Additionally, Anderson employs intertextual symbolism in the narrative, incorporating fairy tale imagery, such as Hawthorne's The Scarlet Letter, and author Maya Angelou, to further represent Melinda's trauma.The novel was based on Anderson's personal experience of having been raped as a teenager and the trauma she faced.
<Sutton_United_F.C.>	Sutton United Football Club is a professional football club in Sutton, South London, England, who play in League Two, the fourth tier of the English football league system. They play home games at Gander Green Lane in Sutton about 11 miles south-southwest of central London.Sutton started out playing in junior, local leagues, but progressed into the Athenian League in 1921; the Isthmian League in 1964; and the Conference in 1986. The team fell back into the Isthmian League in 1991. Sutton won the Athenian League three times (1927–28, 1945–46 and 1957–58) and the Isthmian League five times (1966–67, 1984–85, 1985–86, 1998–99 and 2010–11). They appeared in the Conference for one more season in 1999–2000, and were founding members of the Conference South (now known as National League South) in 2004. Sutton won the National League South in 2015–16 and achieved their very first promotion to the Football League after winning the National League title in the 2020–21 season.
<ISCB_Fellow>	ISCB Fellowship is an award granted to scientists that the International Society for Computational Biology (ISCB) judges to have made “outstanding contributions to the fields of computational biology and bioinformatics”. As of 2019[update], there are 76 Fellows of the ISCB including Michael Ashburner, Alex Bateman, Bonnie Berger, Steven E. Brenner, Janet Kelso, Daphne Koller, Michael Levitt, Sarah Teichmann and Shoshana Wodak. See List of Fellows of the International Society for Computational Biology for a comprehensive listing.The first seven fellows of the ISCB were laureates of the ISCB Senior Scientist Award from 2003 to 2009:Since 2009, new fellows have been nominated from the community of ISCB members and voted on annually by a selection committee. New fellows are traditionally inaugurated at the annual Intelligent Systems for Molecular Biology (ISMB) conference.
<Homi_Sethna>	Homi Nusserwanji Sethna (24 August 1923 – 5 September 2010) was an Indian nuclear scientist and a chemical engineer, gaining international fame as the Chairman of the Atomic Energy Commission (India) during the time when the first nuclear test, codename Smiling Buddha in Pokhran Test Range in 1974 was conducted. He was the primary and central figure in India's civilian nuclear program as well as the construction of nuclear power plants. In 1991, he was appointed as Sheriff of Mumbai.He was awarded the second highest civilian award the Padma Vibhushan in 1975, by Government of India.
<Gerd_Binnig>	Gerd Binnig (German pronunciation: [ˈɡɛʁt ˈbɪnɪç] (listen); born 20 July 1947) is a German physicist. He is most famous for having won the Nobel Prize in Physics jointly with Heinrich Rohrer in 1986 for the invention of the scanning tunneling microscope.Binnig was born in Frankfurt am Main and played in the ruins of the city during his childhood. His family lived partly in Frankfurt and partly in Offenbach am Main, and he attended school in both cities. At the age of 10, he decided to become a physicist, but he soon wondered whether he had made the right choice. He concentrated more on music, playing in a band. He also started playing the violin at 15 and played in his school orchestra.
<Angola_national_football_team>	The Angola national football team (Portuguese: Seleção nacional de futebol de Angola) represents Angola in men's international football and is controlled by the Angolan Football Federation. The team made its first appearance in 2006 FIFA World Cup, the team's nickname is Palancas Negras, The team is governing body of Football in Angola in the country, The team represents both FIFA and Confederation of African Football (CAF).Angola reached its highest FIFA ranking, 45th place, in July 2000. Their greatest accomplishment was qualifying for the 2006 World Cup, as this was their first appearance on the World Cup finals stage.
<Çalıkuşu>	Çalıkuşu, or The Wren, is a novel by Reşat Nuri Güntekin written in 1922, about the destiny of a young Turkish female teacher named Feride.The events in the novel take place in the early twentieth century, near the collapse of a war weary Ottoman Empire and the creation of the Turkish republic. Most of the novel is recounted in first-person diary format by Feride. In the first section, Feride describes her childhood, beginning from the beginning and leading to the events that led her to a strange hotel room. The second and largest section consists of diary entries describing her adventures in Anatolia. The third section is the only one written from the third person point of view, describing Feride's visit to her home.Feride is the orphaned daughter of an army officer. As a teenager, she attends Lycee Notre Dame de Sion in the winter, and stays with one of her late mother's sisters during the summer holidays. She is given the nickname "the Wren" during her time at school for her vivacity and mischief. These two characteristics considered unusual and even a bit inappropriate for Muslim girls at that time.
<Pilar_Gonzalbo_Aizpuru>	Pilar Gonzalbo Aizpuru (born 1935 in Madrid, Spain) is a Spanish-Mexican academic who specializes in the cultural history of New Spain. In 2007 she received, along archaeologist Eduardo Matos Moctezuma, the National Prize for Arts and Sciences of Mexico in the category of History, Social Sciences and Philosophy.Gonzalbo is a member of the Advisory Council on Sciences of the Presidency of Mexico and the Mexican Academy of Sciences.He received a degree in History of the Americas at the Complutense University of Madrid . She moved to Mexico City where she studied a master's degree in pedagogy, graduating with the thesis "Female education in New Spain: Colleges, convents and girls' schools"  and a doctorate in History at the Faculty of Philosophy and Letters of the National Autonomous University of Mexico.
<Crying_Ladies>	Crying Ladies is a 2003 Filipino comedy-drama film directed by Mark Meily based on his Palanca-winning screenplay Bayad Luha. The film stars Sharon Cuneta as Stella, Hilda Koronel as Aling Doray, and Angel Aquino as Choleng, who are hired as professional funeral mourners by a wealthy Chinese-Filipino family in Manila's Chinatown, while they deal with their own personal problems. It also stars Eric Quizon, Ricky Davao, Julio Pacheco, Shamaine Buencamino, Sherry Lara and Raymond Bagatsing in supporting roles.The film was released on December 25, 2003 in the Philippines as an entry to the 2003 Metro Manila Film Festival where it won five major awards including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actor for Quizon, Best Supporting Actress for Koronel, and Best Child Performer for Pacheco. It was the Philippines' submission to the 77th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.After the untimely death of his father, Wilson (Eric Quizon) is tasked by his wealthy Chinese-Filipino family to look for professional funeral mourners who will participate in the funeral rites. Despite the waning popularity of professional mourners, his family insist on hiring them so that his father can have a traditional Chinese funeral.
<Carlos_Martins_(footballer)>	Carlos Jorge Neto Martins (born 29 April 1982) is a Portuguese former footballer. An attacking midfielder, he was noted for his long-range shots.His career, during which he represented both Sporting CP and Benfica, was marred by injury and discipline problems. He also played professionally in Spain, with Recreativo and Granada, and amassed Primeira Liga totals of 201 matches and 18 goals over 12 seasons.
<Bess_Truman>	Elizabeth Virginia Truman (née Wallace; February 13, 1885 – October 18, 1982) was the wife of President Harry S. Truman and the first lady of the United States from 1945 to 1953. She also served as the second lady of the United States from January to April 1945. She currently holds the record of longest-lived First Lady and longest-lived Second Lady, at 97 years, 247 days.She was born in Independence, Missouri, where she kept a home her entire life. She had known Harry since they were children, though she did not return his affections until adulthood. She was strongly affected by the suicide of her father when she was 18 years old, which shaped her opinions about privacy from the public eye and the responsibilities of a spouse. Bess and Harry married in 1919, and Bess would spend the following years managing the Truman household and working in her husband's offices as his political career advanced. She was apprehensive about Harry becoming vice president in 1944, and she was deeply upset when he ascended to the presidency the following year.
<Hababam_Sınıfı>	Hababam Sınıfı (The Chaos Class) is a 1975 Turkish comedy film, directed by Ertem Eğilmez based on a novel by Rıfat Ilgaz, featuring an ensemble cast including Kemal Sunal, Tarık Akan and Münir Özkul that tells the adventures of a private school class students who are challenged by the arrival of a new headmaster. The film, which went on nationwide general release on 1 April 1975 (1975-04-01), was a success in Turkey and was followed by five direct sequels; Hababam Sınıfı Sınıfta Kaldı ("The Chaos Class Failed The Class", 1975), Hababam Sınıfı Uyanıyor ("The Chaos Class is Waking Up", 1976), Hababam Sınıfı Tatilde ("The Chaos Class is On Vacation", 1977), Hababam Sınıfı Dokuz Doğuruyor ("The Chaos Class is fretting over", 1978) and Hababam Sınıfı Güle Güle ("The Chaos Class: Bye Bye", 1981). The enduring popularity of the series resulted in three later sequels; Hababam Sınıfı Merhaba ("The Chaos Class Welcome", 2004), Hababam Sınıfı Askerde ("The Chaos Class in the Military", 2005) and Hababam Sınıfı Üç Buçuk ("The Chaos Class Three and a Half," 2006)A group of lazy, ignorant highschool students, in no rush to graduate, have settled into life at their private school,  paid by aloof parents, where they have bonded as a family and are cared for by school attendant Mother Hafize who has accepted them as her real sons. Their kingdom over the school is challenged by a new vice principal who, despite his warm hearted nature, takes on the role of tough disciplinarian and becomes the butt of their tricks and jokes as he prepares them for life.
<Terrahawks>	Gerry Anderson & Christopher Burr's Terrahawks, usually referred to simply as Terrahawks, is a 1980s British science fiction television series produced by Anderson Burr Pictures for London Weekend Television and created by the production team of Gerry Anderson and Christopher Burr. The show was Anderson's first in over a decade to use puppets for its characters, and also his last. Anderson's previous puppet-centric TV series included Thunderbirds and Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons.Set in the year 2020, the series follows the adventures of the Terrahawks, a taskforce responsible for protecting Earth from invasion by a group of extraterrestrial androids and aliens led by Zelda. Like Anderson's previous puppet series, futuristic vehicles and technology featured prominently in each episode.
<Charles_Shyer>	Charles Richard Shyer (born October 11, 1941) is an American film director, screenwriter and producer. Shyer's films are predominantly comedies, often with a romantic-comedy overtone. His films include Private Benjamin (1980), Irreconcilable Differences (1984), Baby Boom (1987), Father of the Bride (1991), and Father of the Bride Part II (1995), The Parent Trap (1998), The Affair of the Necklace (L'Affaire du Collier) (2001), Alfie (2004), and Ieri, Oggi Domani (Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow) (2012).Shyer was born in Los Angeles, the son of Lois (née Jones) Delaney and Melville Shyer, a production executive and film director. Shyer grew up in the film industry where his father worked with D.W. Griffith and was one of the founders of the Directors Guild of America.  After attending UCLA, he was accepted into the DGA's apprenticeship program, which led to work as an assistant director. However, Shyer's focus was soon diverted to writing and he went to work as an assistant to Garry Marshall and Jerry Belson, producers of the TV series The Odd Couple. He eventually worked his way up to head writer and associate producer on the popular series in the early seventies. He is of Jewish descent.
<Princess_Olga,_Duchess_of_Apulia>	The Prince of NaplesThe Princess of NaplesThe Dowager Duchess of AostaPrince Maria Cristina of Bourbon-Two Sicilies
<Matosinhos>	Matosinhos, Porto, Portugal (Portuguese pronunciation: [mɐtuˈziɲuʃ] (listen)) is a city and a municipality in the northern Porto district of Portugal, bordered in the south by the city of Porto (8 km from the city centre). The population in 2011 was 175,478, and covered an area of approximately 62.42 square kilometres (24.10 sq mi). The urban centre, the city proper, had a population of 45,703 in 2001.The oldest vestige of human settlement in this territory extend back thousands of years and include instruments and Paleolithic artefacts, collected along the old beaches (specifically Boa Nova and Almeiriga). The settlement of the land began sometime 5000 years ago, during the Neolithic, as evidenced from various funeral monuments and dolmens sporadically situated in Lavra, Perafita, Leça do Balio, Santa Cruz do Bispo, Guifões and São Gens.At the end of the Bronze Age, much like most of the northwest peninsula, settlements expanded into proto-urban agglomerations at high altitudes (castros), associated with a culture with specific characteristics that predominated until the 1st century. Until today there still exist vestiges of castros dotting the landscapes, such as the assets collected from the Castro of Monte Castelo in Guifões. The natural conditions and navigability of the Leça River estuary assisted maritime transport, that depended on the transport of a diverse flow of merchandise from throughout Imperial Roman. Here, the products were offloaded and redistributed to other sites within the region.
<Getroud_met_rugby>	Getroud met rugby is a South African television series which premiered on kykNET on 7 April 2009. It was marketed as an Afrikaans-language version of the British television show Footballers' Wives; the title literally translates to English as Married To Rugby. The series is one of the most watched drama-series on KykNET. The series aired its last episode on the 30 of September 2022 after 7 successful seasons.[citation needed]Getroud met rugby is a drama revolving around four stars of a Johannesburg rugby team and their wives as they become involved in various interconnected scandals.
<Alex_Young_(studio_executive)>	Alexander Morgan Young (born August 29, 1971) is an American film and television producer.  He was Co-President of Production at 20th Century Fox.Young was born in London, and grew up in Cooperstown, New York and New York City. He attended Choate Rosemary Hall high school and graduated with honors from Williams College in 1993, with a dual degree in Political Science and History. Young’s father was British entrepreneur Paul Young, who owned the New York City boutique Paraphernalia in the 1960s and was credited with bringing mod fashion, including the mini skirt trend, from London to America. His father died in 2003. He has one sister, Stephanie Tyrer. He also has 2 nephews and one niece, Orlando, Felix and Madeline Tyrer. He currently resides in Los Angeles.
<Dunsbear_Halt_railway_station>	Dunsbear Halt was a relatively well-used  halt on the initially privately run North Devon and Cornwall Junction Light Railway. Opened in 1925 and closed to passenger traffic 40 years later in 1965. The line remained open for freight between Barnstaple railway station and Meeth until 1982. Today it forms part of the popular Tarka trail, and has recently been renovated by conservation volunteers.
<CHNB-TV>	CHNB-TV was a television station in North Bay, Ontario, Canada. The station was in operation from 1971 to 2002 as a private affiliate of CBC Television.CHNB was established on October 15, 1971 by J. Conrad Lavigne, the owner of CFCL in Timmins. On the same day, the existing television station in North Bay, CKNY, switched affiliation to CTV.Until 1980, CHNB and CKNY aggressively competed with each other for advertising revenues, leaving both in a precarious financial position due to the North Bay market's relatively small size. In 1980, the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission approved the merger of the two stations, and with their co-owned stations in Sudbury and Timmins, into the MCTV twinstick.
<Maria_Tam>	Maria Tam Wai-chu GBM GBS CBE JP (Chinese: 譚惠珠; born 2 November 1945) is a senior Hong Kong politician and lawyer. She is a member of the Committee for the Basic Law of the National People's Congress Standing Committee (NPCSC) since 1997 and the chairman of the Operations Review Committee of the Independent Commission Against Corruption (ICAC) since 2015.As a successful politician early on, Tam was a member of the four different levels of representative councils, Executive Council, Legislative Council, Urban Council and Central and Western District Board in colonial Hong Kong in the 1980s. She was also a member of the Hong Kong Basic Law Drafting Committee and took up various appointments from the Beijing government after she departed from the colonial government over the conflict of interest scandal in 1991.
<Padma_Bhushan>	The Padma Bhushan is the third-highest civilian award in the Republic of India, preceded by the Bharat Ratna and the Padma Vibhushan and followed by the Padma Shri. Instituted on 2 January 1954, the award is given for "distinguished service of a high order...without distinction of race, occupation, position or sex." The award criteria include "service in any field including service rendered by Government servants" including doctors and scientists, but exclude those working with the public sector undertakings. As of 2020[update], the award has been bestowed on 1270 individuals, including twenty-four posthumous and ninety-seven non-citizen recipients.
<C.-T._James_Huang>	C.T. James Huang (Chinese: 黃正德; born 1948) is a Taiwanese-American linguist. He is a professor of linguistics at Harvard University.Huang was born in a small township of Fuli, Hualien, in Taiwan. He received his B.A. and M.A. degrees from National Taiwan Normal University in 1971 and 1974, respectively, and in 1982 earned a Ph.D. in linguistics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He received the Linguistic Society of Taiwan's Lifetime Achievement award in 2014 and was elected a Fellow of the Linguistic Society of America in 2015. In 2016, he was elected an Academician in the Convocation of the Academia Sinica's division of Humanities and Social Sciences. In 2019 he was elected a Member of Academia Europaea (The Academy of Europe). Huang has published articles and books in both English in Mandarin Chinese within the generative grammar framework of linguistics, extensively on the structure of Mandarin Chinese grammar. His influence in the field is widely credited for "paving the way and leading the development of Chinese theoretical syntax"; "without his pioneering research [...] such a field would not exist in the rich way we presently know it". In 2009, Huang collaborated with Y.-H. Audrey Li and Yafei Li to co-author a Cambridge Syntax Guide spanning the work of the past 25 years in theoretical Chinese syntax. In 2015, Huang received a Festschrift comprising the work of 21 specialists in Chinese syntax, which is headlined by his own most recent publication on the subject of both synchronic and diachronic approaches to syntactic analyticity in Chinese parametric grammar.
<Seth_Gordon>	Seth Lewis Gordon (born July 15, 1976) is an American film director, producer, screenwriter, and film editor. He has produced and directed for film and television, including for PBS, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, and the United Nations Staff 1% for Development Fund. His films have screened at the Sundance Film Festival and Slamdance Film Festival. He has directed the films The King of Kong: A Fistful of Quarters (2007), Four Christmases (2008), Horrible Bosses (2011), Identity Thief (2013) and Baywatch (2017). He has also directed several episodes of television series like The Office, Parks and Recreation, Modern Family, Atypical and For All Mankind.Gordon grew up in Evanston, Illinois. He attended Yale University, where he studied architecture until leaving in 1997 to teach high school for six months in the small village of Shimanyiro, Kenya. While there he helped secure United Nations financing to finish construction of a school, and began filming what would eventually become the documentary Building Shimanyiro. Upon returning to Yale, Gordon taught himself how to edit his footage on an Avid editing machine. Later, he helped shoot Barbara Kopple and Cecilia Peck's Dixie Chicks documentary Shut Up & Sing, and after working as cinematographer, editor and producer on various films, he gained prominence with his documentary The King of Kong: A Fistful of Quarters.Gordon directed the game company Zynga's "GagaVille" online film in 2010. He co-created and is an executive producer of the Fox television series Breaking In. He directed the 2011 comedy Horrible Bosses, but in August 2013 declined to direct the sequel, citing commitments to the television series The Goldbergs, on which he is an executive producer, and a planned remake of the film WarGames. Gordon directed the pilot of Sneaky Pete for Amazon Studios, which he also produces with Bryan Cranston and David Shore.  A season of episodes has been ordered by Amazon Studios and is in production.
<Candy_Clark>	Candace June Clark is an American actress and model. She is well known for her roles as Debbie Dunham in the 1973 film American Graffiti, for which she received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, and Mary Lou in the 1976 film The Man Who Fell to Earth.Born in Norman, Oklahoma to Ella (née Padberg) and Thomas Clark, a chef, she grew up in Fort Worth, Texas. She attended Green B. Trimble Technical High School.
<Henri_Poincaré>	Jules Henri Poincaré (UK: /ˈpwæ̃kɑːreɪ/ [US: stress final syllable], French: [ɑ̃ʁi pwɛ̃kaʁe] (listen); 29 April 1854 – 17 July 1912) was a French mathematician, theoretical physicist, engineer, and philosopher of science. He is often described as a polymath, and in mathematics as "The Last Universalist", since he excelled in all fields of the discipline as it existed during his lifetime.As a mathematician and physicist, he made many original fundamental contributions to pure and applied mathematics, mathematical physics, and celestial mechanics. In his research on the three-body problem, Poincaré became the first person to discover a chaotic deterministic system which laid the foundations of modern chaos theory. He is also considered to be one of the founders of the field of topology.
<Robert_Townsend_(actor)>	Robert Townsend (born February 6, 1957) is an American actor, director, comedian, and writer. Townsend is best known for directing the films Hollywood Shuffle (1987), Eddie Murphy Raw (1987), The Meteor Man (1993), The Five Heartbeats (1991) and various other films and stand-up specials. He is especially known for his eponymous self-titled character, Robert Peterson as the starring role as on The WB sitcom The Parent 'Hood (1995–1999), a series which he created and of which directed select episodes. Townsend is also known for his role as Donald "Duck" Matthews in his 1991 film The Five Heartbeats. He later wrote, directed and produced Making The Five Heartbeats (2018), a documentary film about the production process and behind the scenes insight into creating the film. Townsend is also known for his production company Townsend Entertainment which has produced films Playin' for Love, In the Hive and more. During the 1980s and early–1990s, Townsend gained national exposure through his stand-up comedy routines and appearances on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson. Townsend has worked with talent including Halle Berry, Morgan Freeman, Chris Tucker, Beyoncé, Denzel Washington and many more.Townsend was born in Chicago, the second of four children to Shirley (née Jenkins) and Ed Townsend. His mother ended up raising him and his three siblings as a single parent. Growing up on the city's west side, Townsend attended Austin High School; graduating in 1975. He became interested in acting as a teenager. During a reading of Sophocles' Oedipus Rex in high school, Townsend captured the attention of Chicago’s X Bag Theatre, The Experimental Black Actors Guild. Townsend later auditioned for parts at Chicago's Experimental Black Actors' Guild and performed in local plays studying at the famed Second City comedy workshop for improvisation in 1974. Townsend had a brief uncredited role in the 1975 movie Cooley High, but says the film "changed his life" for what he perceived as its true-to-life portrayal of people like him.After high school, Townsend enrolled at Illinois State University, studied a year and later moved to New York to study at the Negro Ensemble Company. Townsend's mother believed that he should complete his college education, but he felt that college took time away from his passion for acting, and he soon dropped out of school to pursue his acting career full-time.
<Stephanie_March>	Stephanie Caroline March Benton (born July 23, 1974) is an American actress. She is known for starring as Alexandra Cabot in the crime drama franchise Law & Order, which she played in the NBC series Law & Order: Special Victims Unit (2000–2019) and reprised in other media. The role earned her a nomination for the Satellite Award for Best Television Series – Drama.March has appeared in the films Head of State (2003), Mr. & Mrs. Smith (2005), Falling for Grace (2006), The Treatment (2006) and Jesse Stone: Night Passage (2006). Following a period of sporadic work, March executive produced and starred in the comedy independent film The Social Ones (2019). She played Akira on the superhero series Naomi (2022).March was born in Dallas, Texas, the daughter of John and Laura March, and has a sister, Charlotte. She attended McCulloch Middle School in Highland Park, and Highland Park High School, where Law & Order's Angie Harmon, who also played the role of an assistant district attorney on Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, attended concurrently. After her parents' divorce, her mother married Robert Derby. In 1996, March graduated from Northwestern University, where she was a member of Kappa Alpha Theta sorority.
<Blackpool>	Blackpool is a seaside resort in Lancashire, England. Located on the northwest coast of England, it is the main settlement within the borough also called Blackpool. The town is by the Irish Sea, between the Ribble and Wyre rivers, and is 27 miles (43 km) north of Liverpool and 40 miles (64 km) northwest of Manchester. At the 2011 census, the unitary authority of Blackpool had an estimated population of 139,720 while the urban settlement had a population of 147,663, making it the most populous settlement in Lancashire, and the fifth-most populous in North West England after Manchester, Liverpool, Bolton and Warrington. The wider built-up area (which also includes additional settlements outside the unitary authority) had a population of 239,409, making it the fifth-most populous urban area in the North West after the Manchester, Liverpool, Preston and Birkenhead areas. It is home to the Blackpool Tower, which when built in 1894 was the tallest building in the British Empire.Throughout the Medieval and Early Modern period, Blackpool was a coastal hamlet in Lancashire's Amounderness Hundred and remained as such until the mid-18th century, when it became fashionable in England to travel to the coast in the summer to improve well-being. In 1781, visitors attracted to Blackpool's 7-mile (11 km) sandy beach were able to use a new private road, built by Thomas Clifton and Sir Henry Hoghton. Stagecoaches began running to Blackpool from Manchester in the same year, and from Halifax in 1782. In the early 19th century, Henry Banks and his son-in-law John Cocker erected new buildings in Blackpool, which increased its population from less than 500 in 1801 to over 2,500 in 1851. St John's Church in Blackpool was consecrated in 1821.
<Oleksiy_Antonov>	Oleksiy Hennadiyovych Antonov (Ukrainian: Олексій Геннадійович Антонов; born 8 May 1986) is a Ukrainian retired football forward and current manager.On 12 June 2014, Antonov joined Kazakhstan Premier League side Aktobe on a 2.5year contract. After a year with Aktobe, Antonov signed a two-year contract with Azerbaijan Premier League side Gabala FK on 19 June 2015. Antonov parted company with Gabala on 19 July 2016.
<Nicholas_Shackleton>	Sir Nicholas John Shackleton FRS (23 June 1937 – 24 January 2006) was an English geologist and paleoclimatologist who specialised in the Quaternary Period. He was the son of the distinguished field geologist Robert Millner Shackleton and great-nephew of the explorer Ernest Shackleton.Educated at Cranbrook School, Kent (thanks to the generosity of a person he called his "fairy godmother" as she paid his school fees) Shackleton went on to read natural sciences at Clare College, Cambridge. He graduated with the Bachelor of Arts degree in 1961, promoted in 1964 to Master of Arts. In 1967 Cambridge awarded him a PhD degree, for a thesis entitled "The Measurement of Paleotemperatures in the Quaternary Era".
<Palace_of_the_Parliament>	The Palace of the Parliament (Romanian: Palatul Parlamentului), also known as the Republic's House (Casa Republicii) or People's House/People's Palace (Casa Poporului), is the seat of the Parliament of Romania, located atop Dealul Spirii in Bucharest, the national capital. The Palace reaches a height of 84 m (276 ft), has a floor area of 365,000 m2 (3,930,000 sq ft) and a volume of 2,550,000 m3 (90,000,000 cu ft). The Palace of the Parliament is the heaviest building in the world, weighing about 4,098,500,000 kilograms (9.04 billion pounds; 4.10 million tonnes), also being the second largest administrative building in the world. (The Great Pyramid of Giza is about 50% heavier.)The building was designed and supervised by chief architect Anca Petrescu, with a team of approximately 700 architects, and constructed over a period of 13 years (1984–97) in Socialist realist and modernist Neoclassical architectural forms and styles, with socialist realism in mind. The Palace was ordered by Nicolae Ceaușescu (1918–1989), the president of Communist Romania and the second of two long-ruling heads of state in the country since World War II, during a period in which the personality cult of political worship and adoration increased considerably for him and his family.
<Rowan_&_Martin's_Laugh-In>	Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In (often simply referred to as Laugh-In) is an American sketch comedy television program that ran for 140 episodes from January 22, 1968, to March 12, 1973, on the NBC television network, hosted by comedians Dan Rowan and Dick Martin. It originally aired as a one-time special on September 9, 1967, and was such a success that it was brought back as a series, replacing The Man from U.N.C.L.E. on Mondays at 8 pm (ET). It quickly became the most popular television show in the United States.The title of the show was a play on the 1960s hippie culture "love-ins" or the counterculture "be-ins", terms derived from the "sit-ins" common in protests associated with civil rights and antiwar demonstrations of the time. In 2002, Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In was ranked number 42 on TV Guide's 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time.
<Hamid_Samandarian>	Hamid Samandarian Persian: حمید سمندریان; May 6, 1931 – July 12, 2012) was an Iranian film and theater director and translator. He staged numerous dramas including No Exit by Jean-Paul Sartre, Ghosts by Henrik Ibsen, The Glass Menagerie by Tennessee Williams and Marriage of Mr. Mississippi by Friedrich Durrenmatt.Having established many acting and directing classes and workshops, Samandarian trained many Iranian actors and directors including; Ezzatolah Entezami, Reza Kianian, Golab Adineh, Mehdi Hashemi, Shahab Hosseini, Hojjat Baqaee٫ Parviz Poorhosseini, Ahmad Aghalou, etc. He married Homa Rousta, an Iranian film and theater actress.Danial Hakimi was one of his students.
<Jacinda_Barrett>	Jacinda Barrett (born 2 August 1972) is an Australian-American actress and former model. She first became known to audiences as a cast member on The Real World: London (1995) before appearing in films such as The Human Stain (2003), Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason (2004), Ladder 49 (2004), The Namesake (2006), Poseidon (2006), and The Last Kiss (2006). She appeared in the series The Following in 2013 and joined the main cast of the Netflix series Bloodline, which launched in 2015.Barrett was born in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, the daughter of an airport firefighter. 
<Fu_Jen_Catholic_University>	Coordinates: 25°2′8.9″N 121°25′59.4″E﻿ / ﻿25.035806°N 121.433167°E﻿ / 25.035806; 121.433167Fu Jen Catholic University (FJU, FJCU or Fu Jen; Chinese: 天主教輔仁大學; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Thian-chú-kàu Hú-jîn Tāi-ha̍k or 輔仁大學; Hú-jîn Tāi-ha̍k) is a private Catholic university in Xinzhuang, New Taipei City, Taiwan. The university was founded in 1925 in Beijing at the request of Pope Pius XI and re-established in Taiwan in 1961 at the request of Pope John XXIII, its name means "assistance" and "benevolence". Fu Jen has since grown to comprise twelve colleges and schools, among which are several Taiwan's first or only academic units, such as Italian language, info-management, museology, religious studies, philosophy as well as hosts the earliest A&HCI journal in the whole country. The campus is served by Fu Jen University Station, Taiwan's first metro station named after a university.Fu Jen is the oldest Catholic and Jesuit-affiliated institution of higher education in the Sinophone world, under the direct authority of the Congregation for Catholic Education of the Holy See. It is also a non-state actor of Track II diplomacy in the Holy See–Taiwan relations. Therefore, Fu Jen has special importance internationally and is known for its strong ties with the Roman Curia. In the past nearly one hundred years of history, the Benedictine, the Verbites, and the Jesuits from all over the world have participated in the management of the university.
<Tenth_Presbyterian_Church>	Tenth Presbyterian Church is a congregation of approximately 1,600 members[citation needed] located in Center City, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. Tenth is affiliated with the Presbyterian Church in America (PCA), a denomination in the Reformed (Calvinist) tradition. It is located at the southwest corner of 17th & Spruce Streets in Philadelphia's Rittenhouse Square neighborhood, in the southwestern quadrant of Center City.The original Tenth Presbyterian Church, founded in 1829 as a congregation part of the Presbyterian Church in the United States of America, was located on the northeast corner of 12th & Walnut Streets. It established a daughter church in 1855–1856 called the West Spruce Street Presbyterian Church on the southwest corner of 17th & Spruce Streets. The two churches worked together, with the ministers exchanging pulpits each week. Because of membership decline in the original Tenth Church caused by population shifts, the two churches merged in 1893 at the 17th & Spruce Streets location, taking the name of the older church (Tenth Presbyterian Church).West Spruce Street/Tenth Church was designed by architect John McArthur Jr., who was a member of the congregation. Its 250-foot (76 m) tower-and-spire was the tallest structure in Philadelphia from 1856 to the erection of the tower of Philadelphia City Hall in 1894, also designed by McArthur. In 1893, architect Frank Miles Day was hired to perform major alterations to the church's exterior and interior decoration.  The church's steeple with its 150-foot wooden spire was weakened due to structural decay of the timber frame, and was removed in 1912 due to fears that it would collapse.
<Corpus_Christi_Church_(New_York_City)>	The Church of Corpus Christi is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York, located on West 121st Street between Broadway and Amsterdam Avenue in the Morningside Heights section of Manhattan, New York City. The parish was established in 1906. The parish priest is concurrently the Catholic chaplain at the nearby Columbia University.The church, founded by Rev. John H. Dooley, was built in 1906–1907 as a brick and stone chapel and three-storey parish house, all over basement, to designs of F. A. de Meuron of Main Street, Yonkers, New York, for $45,000. The structure was a five-bay three-storey Beaux-arts brick school house with a stone-quoined breakfront occupying the central three bays that contained a temporary church and rectory. The new church, school, and rectory cornerstone was laid on November 11, 1906, and the structure was dedicated June 30, 1907 by Archbishop John Farley.These buildings were replaced in 1930 with a new church and rectory built 1930 to the designs by Thomas Dunn and Frederick E. Gibson. The current church, school, and convent were dedicated on October 25, 1936. The church was designed in 1935 by Wilfred E. Anthony. The current baptistery survives from F. A. de Meuron's original 1906 church.
<Amon_G._Carter_Stadium>	Former capacity:Amon G. Carter Stadium is an open-air football stadium on the campus of Texas Christian University in Fort Worth, Texas. It is the home stadium of the TCU Horned Frogs football team. It is named after Amon G. Carter, a prominent Fort Worth businessman, newspaper publisher, and city booster.  Amon G. Carter stadium has several popular nicknames, the most popular being "The Carter" and "Hell's Half Acre" (a reference to the site in Fort Worth's wild west past, which was located near the stadium).Between 2010 and 2012 the stadium underwent a $164 million reconstruction project. In 2019 the stadium underwent an additional $118 million East side expansion.
<James_Rothman>	James Edward Rothman (born November 3, 1950) is an American biochemist. He is the Fergus F. Wallace Professor of Biomedical Sciences at Yale University, the Chairman of the Department of Cell Biology at Yale School of Medicine, and the Director of the Nanobiology Institute at the Yale West Campus. Rothman also concurrently serves as adjunct professor of physiology and cellular biophysics at Columbia University and a research professor at the UCL Queen Square Institute of Neurology, University College London.Rothman was awarded the 2013 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for his work on vesicle trafficking (shared with Randy Schekman and Thomas C. Südhof). He received many other honors including the King Faisal International Prize in 1996, the Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize from Columbia University and the Albert Lasker Award for Basic Medical Research both in 2002.
<Sara_Goldrick-Rab>	Sara Youcha Goldrick-Rab is an American professor, sociologist, and author. Goldrick-Rab was most recently the Professor of Sociology and Medicine at Temple University until she resigned in August 2022, the Founding Director of The Hope Center for College, Community, and Justice, the founder and Board Secretary of Believe in Students, and the Chief Strategy Officer for Emergency Aid of Edquity. A sociologist of higher education, Goldrick-Rab's research focuses on policies that aim to reduce socioeconomic and racial inequalities. She received the American Educational Research Association (AERA) Early Career Award in 2014, the 2018 Grawemeyer Award for Education, and a Carnegie Fellowship in 2018.Goldrick-Rab grew up in Fairfax, Virginia, a suburb of Washington, D.C. She describes herself as an "East Coast Jewish woman" who was "taught to be outspoken and forthright." Goldrick Rab attended, and graduated from, Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and Technology. Goldrick-Rab graduated from George Washington University with a Bachelor of Arts in sociology in 1998, and from the University of Pennsylvania with a Master of Arts in sociology in 2001 and a Ph.D. in sociology in 2004.She intended to pursue a career in applied research until she was encouraged to apply for a position in higher education policy and sociology at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. Goldrick-Rab accepted the position in 2004 with the intent to make Wisconsin colleges more accessible.
<Stefano_Bonaccini>	Stefano Bonaccini (born 1 January 1967) is an Italian politician and member of the Democratic Party (PD). He has been serving as the president of Emilia-Romagna since 24 November 2014.Bonaccini started his political career in the post-communist Democratic Party of the Left (PDS), and has later assumed more social democratic  positions, becoming one of the main representatives of PD's reformist wing.Stefano Bonaccini was born in Campogalliano, near Modena, on 1 January 1967, in a lower middle-class family. His father was a truck driver, while his mother worked in a factory.
<Alexey_Surkov>	Alexey Alexandrovich Surkov (Russian: Алексе́й Алекса́ндрович Сурко́в; October 13, 1899 in Yaroslavl Province, Russian Empire – June 14, 1983 in Moscow, USSR) was a Russian Soviet poet, editor, literary critic and high-profile nomenklatura figure, the head of the Soviet Union of Writers in 1953–1959, notorious for his role in the persecution of Boris PasternakAlexei Surkov was born in the village of Serednevo, in Yaroslavl region. At the age of 12 or 13, he was sent to work in a factory in St. Petersburg, where he joined the shipworkers' union after the February Revolution. He served in the Red Army for four years, during the Russian Civil War, and subsequently worked for Komsomol. He started publishing poetry in 1930, as a Komsomol activist and a member of the Russian Association of Proletarian Writers, who believed that soviet art should be politically committed and pro-communist. During a writers' meeting in April 1932, after Stalin had ordered RAPP and all other literary groups to disband and merge into a single writers' union, Surkov launched an attack on Boris Pasternak, calling him a "subjective idealist ... (for whom) the world is not outside us but inside us."At the first First Congress of Soviet Writers in 1934, Surkov was the first speaker to be called to rebut the report on poetry delivered by Nikolai Bukharin, who had praised Pasternak. Surkov claimed that there was no such thing as "abstract craftmanship", that good poetry must have a Bolshevik tinge, and that Pasternak's work was "not a suitable compass point by which to chart our growth." Surkov own work has been described as "jingoistic verses, glorifying the heroism of the civil war. During the Great Purge, he wrote a poem vilifying Old Bolsheviks who had been forced to appear as defendants at the Moscow show trials, confessing to crimes that they had not committed. Surkov called for them to be executed.
<Olive_Thomas>	Olive Thomas (born Oliva R. Duffy; October 20, 1894 – September 10, 1920) was an American silent-film actress, art model, and photo model.Thomas began her career as an illustrator's model in 1914, and moved on to the Ziegfeld Follies the following year. During her time as a Ziegfeld girl, she also appeared in the more risqué show The Midnight Frolic. In 1916, she began a successful career in silent films and would appear in more than 20 features over the course of her four-year film career. That year she also married actor Jack Pickford, the younger brother of fellow silent-film star Mary Pickford.
<Michelle_Alves>	Michelle Kristine da Silva Alves (born September 19, 1978) is a Brazilian model.She was born in Londrina, Paraná, Brazil, as the daughter of a lawyer (mother) and an engineer (father). Alves was a student in civil engineering at Brazil's Londrina State University prior to moving to São Paulo, where she pursued modeling. She describes herself as "always a good student" and "Almost a nerd." She is also a polyglot, fluent in Portuguese, Italian, French and English. Alves is currently living in Los Angeles, California.She was featured in the 2002 and 2003 editions of the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue, appeared in two editions of the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show, and was also featured in their catalogs and their book celebrating the company's 10th anniversary, entitled Sexy.
<The_Improv_(India)>	The Improv is an improvisational comedy show which was started in May 2012 in Bangalore, India. The show has no script and is totally improvised, as its name suggests. The audiences give suggestions, situations and scenarios to the host and taking the cue, the actors create on-the-spot hilarious scenes on stage. It is hosted and directed by Saad Khan, an Indian filmmaker. The show is conceptualized by Saad Khan. The show’s performers are Sal Yusuf, Darius Sunawala, Abel Mathews and Tim Schultz. The team has performed over 100 shows in Bangalore, Hyderabad, Mumbai, Chennai, Dubai, Abu Dhabi and Sweden.The show was created in May 2012 by Saad Khan. College mates, Khan and Sundar spent hours in their campus canteen performing improvisational scenes together. Such impromptu performances in college earned them an early audience, who cheered and motivated them. After college, they pursued their respective media careers and Khan left for the US for further studies. On Khan’s return to India he started Centerstage in 2011. On May 6, 2012, Centerstage launched The Improv in Bangalore which had actors on stage performing many scenes without any rehearsal or script and from situations given by the audience. Since then they have performed over 100 shows in Indian cities like Bangalore, Hyderabad, Mumbai, Chennai and their first overseas performance was in the UAE in April 2014. In 2016, THE IMPROV was selected and invited to the Sweden International Improv Festival that takes place at the Regina Theatre in Uppsala every year. Saad's team was the only Indian outfit performing at SWIMP and the audiences couldn't stop raving about the show's format and energy of the improvisers. They have had shows for varied audiences like in the general public, corporate houses, college fests, and communities. The show was featured on NDTV prime for its uniqueness, production value and organic reach.Every show of The Improv has four to five rounds. Each round has a prefix ‘SHUT UP AND’. The first round is a general improvisation round called ‘SHUT UP AND IMPROV’ where a general situation, topic or location is given by the audience to the host who assigns roles and scenarios to the performers, who must improvise and perform a skit on the spot. The popular rounds of THE IMPROV are Freeze, Switch and Rotate.
<Milan_Milanović_(footballer,_born_1963)>	Milan Milanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Милановић; born 10 January 1963) is a Serbian football manager and former player, who is currently the Head Coach of Kazakhstan Premier League club FC Tobol.After coming through the youth system of Partizan, Milanović played for Zemun in the Yugoslav Second League. He later spent multiple years in Germany, playing for five clubs in the lower leagues. In 1997, Milanović moved to the Faroe Islands and served as player-manager of VB Vágur for two seasons.After returning to his homeland, Milanović was manager of Zemun in the First League of FR Yugoslavia. He later served as an assistant manager to Boško Đurovski at Rad, before replacing him in May 2003. After the club suffered relegation from the top flight, Milanović continued managing the team in the Second League until January 2004.
<Iizasa_Ienao>	Iizasa Chōisai Ienao (飯篠 長威斉 家直, c.1387 – May 26, 1488) was the founder of Tenshin Shōden Katori Shintō-ryū which is a traditional (koryū) Japanese martial art. His Buddhist posthumous name is Taiganin-den-Taira-no-Ason-Iga-no-Kami-Raiodo-Hon-Daikoji.He was reputed to be a respected spearman and swordsman who served the Chiba family in what is today Chiba Prefecture. When his hometown was destroyed he began wandering the land until he settled down near the Katori Shrine and founded the Tenshin Shōden Katori Shintō-ryū in c.1447.This article about a samurai or a samurai-related topic is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Luna_Vachon>	Gertrude Elizabeth Vachon (/vəˈʃɒn/ və-SHON; January 12, 1962 – August 27, 2010) was an American-Canadian professional wrestler, better known as Luna Vachon. Over the course of her 22-year career, she wrestled for promotions such as the World Wrestling Federation (now WWE), Extreme Championship Wrestling, the American Wrestling Association, and World Championship Wrestling. She was posthumously inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame and the Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame.As a child, Gertrude Vachon wanted to continue her family's wrestling legacy. Attending wrestling events she used to play in the ring, which often resulted in training with various World Wide Wrestling Federation stars. Her family objected to her entering the wrestling business and tried to dissuade her, as they considered a wrestler's life at that time too harsh for a female. André the Giant, with whom she was close and who took her on a trip to Paris in 1974, also tried to dissuade her. Around the age sixteen, she began training under her aunt Vivian and then The Fabulous Moolah.
<Bruno_Alves>	Bruno Eduardo Regufe Alves ComM (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈbɾunu ˈaɫvɨʃ]; born 27 November 1981) is a Portuguese former footballer who played as a central defender, currently sporting director of Super League Greece club AEK Athens.He began and spent most of his professional career at Porto, where he won a total of nine titles and appeared in 171 official games. He also won trophies in Russia with Zenit Saint Petersburg, and in Turkey with Fenerbahçe.
<Kathy_Fields>	Kathy Fields (born January 5, 1947) is an American photographer and actress. She is best known for her role as Kareen in the film Johnny Got His Gun (1971). She later became a professional photographer.Fields is the daughter of actress Edith Fellows and agent and producer Freddie Fields. She was married to actor David Lander from 1979 until his death in 2020. Their daughter, Natalie Lander, was born on March 28, 1983.
<Eliran_Danin>	Eliran Danin (Hebrew: אלירן דנין; born March 29, 1984) is a retired Israeli footballer.This biographical article related to association football in Israel, about a defender, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Allan_Guy>	James Allan Guy, CBE (30 November 1890 – 16 December 1979) was an Australian politician who represented the Australian Labor Party in both the Tasmanian House of Assembly and the Federal House of Representatives, before leaving to represent the United Australia Party and then the Liberal Party of Australia in both the House of Representatives and the Senate. His father, James Guy, had also been a Senator.Guy was born on 30 November 1890 in Launceston, Tasmania. He was the son of Margaret (née McElwee) and James Guy. His father, a blacksmith by profession, was one of the founders of the Australian Labor Party (Tasmanian Branch) and represented Tasmania in the Senate from 1914 to 1920. His uncle George McElwee would be elected to the Tasmanian Legislative Council in 1940.
<Chatto_&_Windus>	Chatto & Windus is an imprint of Penguin Random House that was formerly an independent book publishing company founded in London in 1855 by John Camden Hotten. Following Hotten's death, the firm would reorganize under the names of his business partner Andrew Chatto and poet William Edward Windus. The company was purchased by Random House in 1987 and is now a sub-imprint of Vintage Books within the Penguin UK division.The firm developed out of the publishing business of John Camden Hotten, founded in 1855. After his death in 1873, it was sold to Hotten's junior partner Andrew Chatto (1841–1913), who took on the poet William Edward Windus (1827-1910), son of the patron of J. M. W. Turner, Benjamin Godfrey Windus (1790-1867), as partner. Chatto & Windus published Mark Twain, W. S. Gilbert, Wilkie Collins, H. G. Wells, Wyndham Lewis, Richard Aldington, Frederick Rolfe (as Fr. Rolfe), Aldous Huxley, Samuel Beckett, the "unfinished" novel Weir of Hermiston (1896) by Robert Louis Stevenson, and the first translation into English of Marcel Proust's novel À la recherche du temps perdu (Remembrance of Things Past, C. K. Scott-Moncrieff, 1922), among others.
<Alan_Heyman>	Alan Charles Heyman (16 March 1931 – 1 March 2014) was a South Korean musicologist and composer. Born in the United States, he first came to South Korea in 1953 with the United States Army during the Korean War, and after completing a graduate degree in music education at Columbia University, moved to South Korea permanently in 1960 to devote himself to research and composition. He led traditional Korean music troupes on tours of North America and Europe, and made significant contributions to the preservation of Korean traditional music, for which he was recognised with awards from national and international organisations. He gave up his U.S. citizenship to become a South Korean citizen in 1995, and remained in the country until his death in 2014.Heyman was born in New York City on 16 March 1931 to Charles and Lillian Heyman. He went on to attend the University of Colorado, where he majored in music while also studying a pre-medical course, graduating in 1952. After his graduation, Heyman was drafted into the United States Army. He initially knew nothing about Korea; when informed by his senior officer that he would be stationed in Uijeongbu near the South Korean capital Seoul, he asked, "Excuse me sir, in what part of Japan is Uijeongbu?" He would go on to serve as an army medic and lab technician.Heyman was first exposed to East Asian music during his Korean War service. In 1953, he was attached to a field hospital unit stationed in Gangwon Province. Chinese and North Korean forces stationed on a nearby mountain would often play loud drum, gong, and taepyeongso music over a loudspeaker late at night, using the sound as a non-lethal weapon to try to keep their enemies sleep-deprived. Most of Heyman's comrades found the noise irritating. However, it had the opposite effect on Heyman himself, who was enthralled by the music, describing it as "refreshing and interesting". During the war, he also met the woman who would become his first wife, a nurse.
<Marilyn_Monroe>	Marilyn Monroe (/ˈmærəlɪn mənˈroʊ/; born Norma Jeane Mortenson; June 1, 1926 – August 4, 1962) was an American actress. Famous for playing comedic "blonde bombshell" characters, she became one of the most popular sex symbols of the 1950s and early 1960s, as well as an emblem of the era's sexual revolution. She was a top-billed actress for a decade, and her films grossed $200 million (equivalent to $2 billion in 2021) by the time of her death in 1962. Long after her death, Monroe remains a major icon of pop culture. In 1999, the American Film Institute ranked her sixth on their list of the greatest female screen legends from the Golden Age of Hollywood. Multiple film critics and media outlets have cited Monroe as one of the best actors never to have received an Academy Award nomination.Born and raised in Los Angeles, Monroe spent most of her childhood in a total of 12 foster homes and an orphanage; she married at age sixteen. She was working in a factory during World War II when she met a photographer from the First Motion Picture Unit and began a successful pin-up modeling career, which led to short-lived film contracts with 20th Century Fox and Columbia Pictures. After a series of minor film roles, she signed a new contract with Fox in late 1950. Over the next two years, she became a popular actress with roles in several comedies, including As Young as You Feel and Monkey Business, and in the dramas Clash by Night and Don't Bother to Knock. She faced a scandal when it was revealed that she had posed for nude photographs prior to becoming a star, but the story did not damage her career and instead resulted in increased interest in her films.
<Maryam_Mirzakhani>	Maryam Mirzakhani (Persian: مریم میرزاخانی, pronounced [mæɾˈjæm miːɾzɑːxɑːˈniː]; 12 May 1977 – 14 July 2017) was an Iranian mathematician and a professor of mathematics at Stanford University. Her research topics included Teichmüller theory, hyperbolic geometry, ergodic theory, and symplectic geometry. In 2005, as a result of her research, she was honored in Popular Science's fourth annual "Brilliant 10" in which she was acknowledged as one of the top 10 young minds who have pushed their fields in innovative directions.On 13 August 2014, Mirzakhani was honored with the Fields Medal, the most prestigious award in mathematics, becoming the first Iranian to be honored with the award and the first of only two women to date. The award committee cited her work in "the dynamics and geometry of Riemann surfaces and their moduli spaces".
<Barbara_Gelb>	Barbara Gelb (née Stone; February 6, 1926 – February 9, 2017) was an American author, playwright, and journalist. She, along with her husband Arthur, wrote three biographies of the Nobel laureate playwright Eugene O'Neill.Barbara Stone was born in 1926 in Manhattan, New York. Her father was heir to a prosperous chain of five-and-dime stores; her mother was a Russian immigrant and sister of the violinist Jascha Heifetz. When she was nine, her parents divorced; her mother married S. N. Behrman, a journalist, screenwriter, and playwright. Stone was sent to boarding school, in order not to disturb Behrman's writing. At 16, she entered Swarthmore College but became preoccupied with theatrical and literary activities and dropped out to work as a copygirl for The New York Times's editorial board. It was there that she met a copyboy and future husband, whom she would marry in 1946.Gelb became a freelance journalist, after losing the job at The Times to a returning World War II veteran. She wrote profiles on literary and entertainment figures, book reviews, and travel and lifestyle articles, mostly for The Times and its magazine.
<William_Augustus_Edwards>	William Augustus Edwards, also known as William A. Edwards (December 8, 1866 – March 30, 1939) was an Atlanta-based American architect renowned for the educational buildings, courthouses and other public  and private buildings that he  designed in Florida, Georgia and his native South Carolina.  More than 25 of his works have been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.William Augustus Edwards was born in Darlington, South Carolina, the son of Augustus Fulton Edwards and his wife, Elizabeth Sarah Hart. After graduating from St. David's School in Society Hill, Edwards attended Richmond College, now the University of Richmond for one year and then entered the University of South Carolina where he received a degree in mechanical engineering in 1889.He and another Darlington County native, Charles Coker Wilson, set up an office together in Columbia, having previously worked in Roanoke, Virginia.  The two men prospered for a time, but in 1901 Edwards found a new partner, Frank C. Walter.  Between then and 1908 the two designed many public school buildings across the state.  In 1908 the men moved their firm to Atlanta, Georgia, where they were briefly associated with an architect named Parnham.  The firm lasted until 1911, at which point Walter left to work on his own.
<Tom_Doak>	Tom Doak is a golf course architect. He has 6 courses ranked among the top 100 in the world according to the "Top 100 Courses in the World" March 2021 list compiled by Golf Magazine. These include Pacific Dunes in Oregon, Ballyneal in Colorado, Barnbougle Dunes in Tasmania and Cape Kidnappers in New Zealand. Doak lives in Michigan.He was a student of golf course designer Pete Dye, although perhaps his greatest influence comes from Alister MacKenzie (whom Doak wrote a book about), designer of Cypress Point, Royal Melbourne, and consultant to Bobby Jones at Augusta National.  In 2007, Doak restored Alister MacKenzie's home course, Pasatiempo, a Golf Magazine Top 100 course located in Santa Cruz, California.Doak is the author of The Confidential Guide to Golf Courses which is a guide to famous and obscure golf courses around the world. The original version of the book was intended for a select group of friends and golf course architects. The sanitized version became a coffee table book which also included Doak's photography. Despite being toned down, the book includes several extremely critical reviews of golf courses and alienated several well-regarded golf course architects. For example, in his entry for Talamore Golf Club in Pinehurst, North Carolina, designed by Rees Jones, Doak wrote that the "dull layout" made him "want to spit."
<Fools_Crow>	Fools Crow is a 1986 novel written by Native American author James Welch. Set in Montana shortly after the Civil War, this novel tells of White Man's Dog (later known as Fools Crow), a young Blackfeet Indian on the verge of manhood, and his band, known as the Lone Eaters. The invasion of white society threatens to change their traditional way of life, and they must choose to fight or assimilate. The story is a portrait of a culture under pressure from colonization. The story culminates with the historic Marias Massacre of 1870, in which the U.S. Cavalry killed a friendly band of Blackfeet, consisting mostly of non-combatants.Set in 1870, the novel is about the lives of the southern Blackfeet people. The main character, White Man's Dog, joins his friend Fast Horse in a night-time raid against the Crow. White Man's Dog is portrayed as weak and powerless. Because of that, he visits the medicine man. Yellow Kidney appoints White Man's Dog to lead the young warriors in stealing a herd of horses. White Man's Dog is first wary, but he sings his warrior songs to gain courage. As they drive the horses away from the village, a scout appears. White Man's Dog rushes in and kills the scout. Fast Horse shouts awakening the village, and the Crow respond. Yellow Kidney hides in a lodge where he sees people sleeping. He hides beneath the robes (sleeping bag) of a young girl. He becomes aroused and rapes her before realizing she is dying of a disease they call White Scabs (smallpox). Trying to escape, Yellow Kidney is shot and captured by the Crow. They cut off his fingers, tie him to a horse, and send him out into a driving snowstorm.White Man's Dog returns to his tribe and gains respect for the raid. Feeling responsible for the loss of Yellow Kidney, he begins to provide the youth's family with food and supplies. Yellow Kidney finally returns to camp and tells the story of Fast Horse's error. Shamed, Fast Horse leaves the tribe, joining Owl Child and his renegade band in killing the encroaching Napikwans (white people).
<Atalanta_B.C.>	Atalanta Bergamasca Calcio, commonly referred to as Atalanta, is a professional football club based in Bergamo, Lombardy, Italy. The club plays in Serie A, having gained promotion from Serie B in 2010–11.Atalanta was founded in 1907 by Liceo Classico Paolo Sarpi students and is nicknamed La Dea, the Nerazzurri and the Orobici. The club plays in blue-and-black vertically striped shirts, black shorts and black socks. The club plays its home matches at the 21,747-seater Gewiss Stadium. In Italy, Atalanta is sometimes called Regina delle provinciali (queen of the provincial clubs) to mark the fact that the club is the most consistent among Italian clubs not based in a regional capital, having played 62 in Serie A, 28 seasons in Serie B, and only one in Serie C. Atalanta has a long-standing rivalry with nearby club Brescia.
<Kathleen_Widdoes>	Kathleen Effie Widdoes (born March 21, 1939) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Emma Snyder in the television soap opera As the World Turns, which earned her four Daytime Emmy Award nominations.Widdoes was also nominated for a Tony Award and a Drama Desk Award, as well as winning two Obie Awards and a Lucille Lortel Award.Widdoes was born in Wilmington, Delaware, the daughter of Bernice (née Delapo) and Eugene Widdoes.[citation needed] She is the oldest of six siblings who were raised by their mother. Widdoes moved to Manhattan to pursue stage work and studied at the Sorbonne in Paris under a Fulbright scholarship. She subsequently taught acting at Yale, where she appeared in productions of the Yale Repertory Theater.
<David_Oates_(archaeologist)>	Edward Ernest David Michael Oates, FSA, FBA (25 February 1927 – 22 March 2004), known as David Oates, was a British archaeologist and academic specializing in the Ancient Near East. He was director of the excavations at Nimrud from 1958 to 1962, Tell al-Rimah from 1964 to 1971 and at Tell Brak from 1976 to 2004. He was Professor of Western Asiatic Archaeology at the Institute of Archaeology from 1969 to 1982 and Fellow of the McDonald Institute for Archaeological Research from 1997 to 2004.Oates was born on 25 February 1927 in Stoke Climsland, Cornwall, England. He was educated at Callington County School, a state secondary school in Callington, Cornwall, and Oundle School, an independent boarding school in Oundle, Northamptonshire. He studied classics and archaeology at Trinity College, Cambridge and graduated in 1949 with a Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree. He was awarded the Rome Scholarship to study at the British School at Rome from 1949 to 1951. During his studies in Rome, he took part in his first archaeological survey; an investigation of Roman olive farms in Libya.
<Charles_E._Cunningham>	Charles E. Cunningham (July 1, 1823 – April 21, 1895) was an American politician who is best known for being the Union Labor Party's nominee for Vice President of the United States in the 1888 election.Cunningham was born in 1823 in Frederick County, Maryland, to James Cunningham, a retired British military captain, and Catherine Campbell, a native of the state. He had three brothers and a sister. Despite being orphaned in 1834, Cunningham obtained an education and married Elizabeth A. Jones (died 1883) in 1849. They had eight children; Kate, Nannie, Mollie, James, Bessie (married John J. Cockrell, the son of Francis Cockrell), George, Nettie, and Charles.Cunningham moved to California in 1849 and to Johnson County, Missouri in 1854. He went to St. Louis, Missouri in 1862 and moved to Little Rock, Arkansas after the end of the American Civil War. He began operating a sawmill in Little Rock and served on the school board there from 1873 until 1877. A former Democrat, in 1876 Cunningham joined the Greenback Party, and ran as that party's candidate in the 1882 congressional election, coming in second place to Democrat Clifton R. Breckinridge. He ran for Governor of Arkansas as the candidate of the Agricultural Wheel party in 1886, receiving 11.7 percent of the vote.
<Billy_Hughes>	William Morris Hughes CH KC (25 September 1862 – 28 October 1952) was an Australian politician who served as the seventh prime minister of Australia, in office from 1915 to 1923. He is best known for leading the country during World War I, but his influence on national politics spanned several decades. Hughes was a member of federal parliament from Federation in 1901 until his death, the only person to have served for more than 50 years. He represented six political parties during his career, leading five, outlasting four, and being expelled from three.Hughes was born in London to Welsh parents. He emigrated to Australia at the age of 22, and became involved in the fledgling Australian labour movement. He was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly in 1894, as a member of the New South Wales Labor Party, and then transferred to the new federal parliament in 1901. Hughes combined his early political career with part-time legal studies, and was called to the bar in 1903. He first entered cabinet in 1904, in the short-lived Watson Government, and was later the Attorney-General of Australia in each of Andrew Fisher's governments. He was elected deputy leader of the Australian Labor Party in 1914.
<Sporting_Clube_de_Portugal>	Sporting Clube de Portugal (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈspɔɾtĩɡ(ɨ) ˈkluβ(ɨ) ðɨ puɾtuˈɣal]), otherwise referred to as Sporting CP, simply as Sporting (particularly within Portugal), or as Sporting Lisbon in other countries, is a Portuguese professional sports club based in Lisbon. It is best known for the professional football team playing in the Primeira Liga, the top flight of Portuguese football.Founded on 1 July 1906, Sporting is one of the "Big Three" clubs in Portugal that have never been relegated from Primeira Liga, along with rivals Benfica and Porto. Sporting are nicknamed Leões (Lions), for the symbol used in the middle of the club's crest, and Verde e Brancos (Green and Whites), for the shirt colour that are in (horizontal) stripes. Their home ground has been the Estádio José Alvalade, built in 2003, which replaced the previous one, built in 1956. The club's anthem is called "A Marcha do Sporting" ("Sporting's March", written in 1955) and its supporters are called Sportinguistas. Sporting are the second largest sports club by membership in Portugal, with more than 160,000 members.
<WLBJ-LP>	WLBJ-LP (104.1 FM) was a low-power non-commercial radio station licensed to Fostoria, Ohio. Owned by the members of the Knights of Columbus Council #1197 d/b/a the Christopher Center Corporation, it carried a Catholic–based Christian format as a repeater of the Toledo-based Annunciation Radio network.A construction permit was granted by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on November 12, 2014. The FCC canceled the station's license on October 2, 2020, for failing to file a license renewal application.In March of 2022, Holy Family Radio (an EWTN affiliate based at WJTA Glandorf/Leipsic) announced it has filed an application for a construction permit for 90.9 FM as a WJTA simulcast.
<Cyril_Smith>	Sir Cyril Richard Smith MBE MStJ DL (28 June 1928 – 3 September 2010) was a prominent British politician who after his death was revealed to have been a prolific serial sex offender against children. A member of the Liberal Party, he was Member of Parliament (MP) for Rochdale from 1972 to 1992. After his death, numerous allegations of child sexual abuse by Smith emerged, leading law enforcement officials to believe he had been guilty of sex offences.Smith was first active in local politics as a Liberal in 1945 before switching to Labour in 1950; he served as a Labour councillor in Rochdale, Lancashire, from 1950 and became mayor in 1966. He subsequently switched parties again and entered Parliament as a Liberal in 1972, winning his Rochdale seat on five further occasions. Smith was appointed the Liberal Chief Whip in June 1975 but later resigned on health grounds. In his later years as an MP, Smith opposed an alliance with the Social Democratic Party and did not stand for re-election in 1992; however, he remained loyal to the Liberal Democrats upon the parties' merger. Throughout much of his career, he maintained a high profile in the media and became a well-known public figure.
<Suha_Arafat>	Suha Arafat (Arabic: سهى عرفات; born Suha Daoud Tawil (Arabic: سهى داود الطويل) on 17 July 1963) is the widow of former Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat.Suha was born in Jerusalem on 17 July 1963 into an affluent Roman Catholic family who lived in Nablus and then Ramallah (both cities under Jordanian rule at the time). Suha's father Daoud Tawil, an Oxford-educated banker, was born in Jaffa (now part of Tel Aviv). Daoud Tawil had business both in the West Bank and Jordan.Suha's mother, Raymonda Hawa Tawil, born in Acre, is a member of the Hawa family of Acre, prominent property owners in the Haifa area. She was a poet and writer. She became a Palestinian political activist after 1967 and was arrested several times by the Israelis, making her a media star. She was also a high-profile Palestinian journalist. Suha was raised Catholic. Suha, growing up in Ramallah, was influenced by the political activism of her mother conducted in the 1970s from her PLO-influenced news bureau in East Jerusalem.
<Takhtasinh_Parmar_Prize>	The Takhtasinh Parmar Prize, also known as Shri Takhtasinh Parmar Paritoshik (Gujarati: શ્રી તખ્તસિંહ પરમાર પારિતોષિક), is a literary award presented by Gujarati Sahitya Parishad. The prize, which recognizes debut books by Gujarati authors, was established in 1981 and is awarded every other year.Recipients of the award include:
<Natasha_Henstridge>	Natasha Tonya Henstridge (born August 15, 1974) is a Canadian actress and model. In 1995, she came to prominence with her debut role in the science-fiction thriller Species, followed by performances in Species II and Species III. She has since starred in a string of films and television series, including Maximum Risk (1996), The Whole Nine Yards (2000), The Whole Ten Yards (2004), Ghosts of Mars (2001), She Spies (2002–2004), Eli Stone (2008–2009), and Would Be Kings (2008). For the latter, she won the Gemini Award for Best Actress. Since 2019, she has been starring in the CBC Television series Diggstown.Henstridge was born in Springdale, Newfoundland and Labrador, on August 15, 1974, to Helen Henstridge, a homemaker, and Brian Henstridge, a construction-manager and business-owner. She was raised in Fort McMurray, Alberta, with her younger brother, Shane.At age 14, Henstridge entered the Casablanca Modeling Agency's Look of the Year contest and was chosen first runner-up. The following year, she went to Paris to pursue her modeling ambitions. At age 15, she was featured on her first magazine cover, the French edition of Cosmopolitan. Several more magazine covers followed and Henstridge went on to do television commercials for products such as Olay, Old Spice and Lady Stetson. With her modeling career established, Henstridge started doing commercials and decided she preferred acting. One of her first roles was as “Foxy Fox” in the Missoula Children's Theatre production of “Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs” staged in Fort McMurray, Alberta.
<Arnold_Manoff>	Arnold Manoff (April 25, 1914 – February 10, 1965) was an American screenwriter who was blacklisted by the Hollywood movie studio bosses in the 1950s.As a result of the blacklist he wrote under a pseudonym through the 1960s. Manoff's experiences while blacklisted were among the inspirations for the 1976 film The Front.Manoff was born in New York City. He did not attend college and quit school at age fifteen. He began writing and won a contest in Story magazine. In the 1930s he assembled games and songs of the streets of the city for the Works Progress Administration's Writer's Project.
<Lee_Holmes>	Lee Daniel Holmes (born 2 April 1987) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Mickelover.Holmes began his career with Derby County and became their youngest ever player and goalscorer, as well as the youngest footballer to appear in the FA Cup. He has represented England at the under 16, under 17 and the under 19 level.
<Boy_(play)>	Boy by Leo Butler is a play which premiered at the Almeida Theatre in 2016.  It was directed by Sacha Wares, and featured Frankie Fox in the lead role.The play received excellent reviews with Paul Taylor from The Independent stating that the play was "an unforgettable 80 minutes" while Mark Shenton writing for London Theatre stated "I was bowled over and knocked sideways by Boy.  It proves to be stunningly articulate about an inarticulate teenager. As he is buffeted, jostled, excluded and intimated on all sides, it speaks profoundly of London today."
<Mintons>	Mintons was a major company in Staffordshire pottery, "Europe's leading ceramic factory during the Victorian era", an independent business from 1793 to 1968.  It was a leader in ceramic design, working in a number of different ceramic bodies, decorative techniques, and "a glorious pot-pourri of styles - Rococo shapes with Oriental motifs, Classical shapes with Medieval designs and Art Nouveau borders were among the many wonderful concoctions".  As well as pottery vessels and sculptures, the firm was a leading manufacturer of tiles and other architectural ceramics, producing work for both the Houses of Parliament and United States Capitol.The family continued to control the business until the mid-20th century.  Mintons had the usual Staffordshire variety of company and trading names over the years, and the products of all periods are generally referred to as either "Minton", as in "Minton china", or "Mintons", the mark used on many.  Mintons Ltd was the company name from 1879 onwards.
<ITT_Corporation>	ITT Inc., formerly ITT Corporation, is an American worldwide manufacturing company based in Stamford, Connecticut. The company produces specialty components for the aerospace, transportation, energy and industrial markets. ITT's three businesses include Industrial Process, Motion Technologies, and Connect and Control Technologies.ITT has approximately 10,000 employees in more than 35 countries and serves customers in well over 100 countries. The company's long-standing brands include Goulds Pumps, Cannon connectors, KONI shock absorbers and Enidine energy absorption components.The company was founded in 1920 as International Telephone & Telegraph. During the 1960s and 1970s, under the leadership of CEO Harold Geneen, the company rose to prominence as the archetypal conglomerate, deriving its growth from hundreds of acquisitions in diversified industries.
<Aleriel,_or_A_Voyage_to_Other_Worlds>	Aleriel, or A Voyage to Other Worlds is an 1883 science fiction novel by Wladislaw Somerville Lach-Szyrma, a Polish-English curate, author, and historian.The book is an expanded version of Lach-Szyrma's earlier work A Voice from Another World, published in 1874. A sequel series, "Letters from the Planets", was published in nine parts between 1887 and 1893 in Cassell's Family Magazine.Published in 1883, Aleriel is a Victorian novel, which was previously thought to be the first published work to apply the word Martian as a noun (it is now known that the word had been so used as early as 1869): After the protagonist, Aleriel, lands on Mars, he buries his spacecraft in snow, "so that it might not be disturbed by any Martian who might come across it". The novel portrays Venus and Mars as utopias, Jupiter and Saturn as primitive, and the Moon as desolate.
<Pamela_Silva_Conde>	Pamela Silva (born August 16, 1981) is a Peruvian-American six time Emmy award winning journalist and co-anchor of the Univision Network's weekday newsmagazine, "Primer Impacto" in Miami. (First Impact) one of the highest rating programs in the United States and in 12 Latin-American countries.Since she joined the show in 2011, she has covered major national and international news stories; most recently, she reported on every angle of the terrorist attack at the Boston marathon, live from Boston.Silva began her career at Univision in 2003 as a public affairs coordinator and producer for the community affairs show "Miami Ahora" (Miami Now) at WLTV 23. She also worked as a guest reporter for Univision Network shows, "El Gordo y La Flaca" (The Fat man and The Skinny woman), "Despierta America" (Wake-Up America) and "Control."; as the Miami-based reporter for TeleFutura's "Escandalo TV" (ShowBiz TV) and as the station spokesperson for WAMI TeleFutura 69. Silva Conde was also the host of TeleFutura 69's first local newscast, "Noticias en Noventa" (News in 90), a 90-second daily segment that brought viewers highlights of local news. She was a professional cheerleader for the Miami Dolphins.In 2005, Silva rejoined the Univision Miami affiliate news team as an entertainment anchor and reporter, soon became a substitute news anchor and was later named main anchor for the leading Spanish-language morning newscast in South Florida "Noticias 23 Al Amanecer" where she presented the news on a daily basis both WLTV Univision 23 and WAMI TeleFutura 69.  Aside from her duties as a news anchor she also worked on special feature and investigative reports as a national correspondent for the investigative newsmagazine "Aqui y Ahora" with which she continues collaborating.
<Christian_Allen>	Christian Allen is an American video game designer. He is most noted for his contributions to the Ghost Recon franchise and Halo: Reach. Allen became Lead Designer on Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon 2 and continued in that role through Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter, becoming Creative Director on Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter 2.  Since 2017, Allen has served as a technology evangelist for Epic Games.Allen started his career as a modder in the late 1990s.  He started making mods for Rainbow Six for fun and for his friends.Allen left Red Storm Entertainment in summer of 2007 and moved to Bungie, where he took the role of Lead Designer on Halo: Reach. Allen left Bungie during development of Halo: Reach, joining WB Games to work on Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor as Design Director.
<Sun_Microsystems>	Sun Microsystems, Inc. (Sun for short) was an American technology company that sold computers, computer components, software, and information technology services and created the Java programming language, the Solaris operating system, ZFS, the Network File System (NFS), and SPARC microprocessors. Sun contributed significantly to the evolution of several key computing technologies, among them Unix, RISC processors, thin client computing, and virtualized computing. Notable Sun acquisitions include Cray Business Systems Division, Storagetek, and Innotek GmbH, creators of VirtualBox.  Sun was founded on February 24, 1982. At its height, the Sun headquarters were in Santa Clara, California (part of Silicon Valley), on the former west campus of the Agnews Developmental Center.Sun products included computer servers and workstations built on its own RISC-based SPARC processor architecture, as well as on x86-based AMD Opteron and Intel Xeon processors. Sun also developed its own storage systems and a suite of software products, including the Solaris operating system, developer tools, Web infrastructure software, and identity management applications. Technologies included the Java platform and NFS.
<Nottingham_Forest_F.C.>	Nottingham Forest Football Club is an association football club based in West Bridgford, Nottinghamshire, England. Nottingham Forest was founded in 1865 and have been playing their home games at the City Ground, on the banks of the River Trent, since 1898. Forest are one of four English clubs to have won the European Cup/UEFA Champions League more than once and one of two English clubs to have won the competition back-to-back. Forest have two stars above their club crest to commemorate their two European Cup victories. The club competes in the Premier League, the top division of the English football league system.Nottingham Forest have won two European Cups, one UEFA Super Cup, one League title, two FA Cups, four League Cups, and one FA Charity Shield. The club has competed in the top two tiers of English football since its admission to the Football League, with the exception of five seasons in the third tier. Its most successful period was under the management of Brian Clough and Peter Taylor in the late 1970s and early 1980s, which included back-to-back wins in the European Cup in 1979 and 1980.
<Renault_Mégane>	The Renault Mégane (French pronunciation: ​[meɡan]) is a small family car produced by the French car manufacturer Renault for model year 1996, and was the successor to the Renault 19. The Mégane has been offered in three- and five-door hatchback, saloon, coupé, convertible and estate bodystyles at various points in its lifetime, and having been through four generations is now in its fifth incarnation.The first generation was largely based on its predecessor, the 19, and utilized modified versions of that car's drivetrain and chassis. The second and third generations were based on the Renault–Nissan C platform. The fourth generation is based on the CMF-CD platform, as used by the Renault Talisman and Renault Scénic.
<Mario_Castoldi>	Mario Castoldi  (February 26, 1888 - May 31, 1968) was an Italian aircraft engineer and designer.Born in Zibido San Giacomo (province of Milan), Castoldi worked for the experimental center of Italian Military Aviation at Montecelio, not far from Rome.In 1922 he moved to Macchi Aeronautica, where he became famous for designing a series of seaplanes that set world speed records. His first winning plane was the Macchi M.39 seaplane. It was designed in 1925–26 to compete in the Schneider Trophy race of 1926. Powered (like all the Macchi planes from this time) by a Fiat engine it managed a top speed of 396 km/h (246 mph) and won the contest for that year.
<Fritz_Kortner>	Fritz Kortner (born Fritz Nathan Kohn; 12 May 1892 – 22 July 1970) was an Austrian stage and film actor and theatre director.Kortner was born in Vienna as Fritz Nathan Kohn into a Jewish family. He studied at the Vienna Academy of Music and Dramatic Art. After graduating, he joined Max Reinhardt in Berlin in 1911 and then Leopold Jessner in 1916. After his breakthrough performance in Ernst Toller's Transfiguration in 1919, he became one of Germany's best-known character actors and the nation's foremost performer of Expressionist works. He also appeared in over ninety films beginning in 1916.
<Syed_Ishtiaq_Ahmed>	Syed Ishtiaq Ahmed (16 January 1932 – 12 July 2003) was a Bangladeshi lawyer and constitutionalist. He was a former attorney general of Bangladesh. He served as an adviser of law to the non-party caretaker government in two successive terms.Ahmed and his family were originated from Ghazipur in present-day Uttar Pradesh, India. He had four elder brothers and one younger one. He got his elementary education in Ramanath High English School in Hili, Dakshin Dinajpur where his father, Syed Zafar Ahmed, had a business. He also studied in Calcutta Madrasa in Kolkata, West Bengal.
<Lang_Jeffries>	Lang Jeffries (June 7, 1930 – February 12, 1987) was a Canadian-American television and film actor.From 1958 to 1960, Jeffries starred as Skip Johnson in the adventure television series Rescue 8.He starred in several American films in the 1960s, including Don't Knock the Twist (1962).
<Edmund_Ignatius_Rice>	Edmund Ignatius Rice (Irish: Éamonn Iognáid Rís; 1 June 1762 – 29 August 1844) was a Catholic missionary and educationalist. He was the founder of two religious institutes of religious brothers: the Congregation of Christian Brothers and the Presentation Brothers.Rice was born in Ireland at a time when Catholics faced oppression under Penal Laws enforced by the British authorities, though reforms began in 1778 when he was a teenager. He forged a successful career in business and, after an accident that killed his wife and left his daughter disabled and with learning difficulties, thereafter devoted his life to the education of the poor.
<Raymond_Aubrac>	Raymond Aubrac (31 July 1914 – 10 April 2012) was a leader of the French Resistance during the Second World War and a civil engineer after the Second World War.Aubrac was born Raymond Samuel into a middle-class Jewish family in Vesoul, Haute-Saône. His father, Albert Samuel, was born on 2 March 1884, in Vesoul and his mother Hélène Falk was born on 2 March 1894 in Crest. His parents were shop owners. In 1939, he married Lucie Aubrac.
<Guadalajara>	Guadalajara (/ˌɡwɑːdələˈhɑːrə/ GWAH-də-lə-HAR-ə, Spanish: [ɡwaðalaˈxaɾa] (listen)) is a metropolis in western Mexico and the capital of the state of Jalisco. According to the 2020 census, the city has a population of 1,385,629 people, making it the 7th largest city by population in Mexico, while the Guadalajara metropolitan area has a population of 5,268,642 people, making it the third-largest metropolitan area in the country and the twentieth largest metropolitan area in the Americas Guadalajara has the second-highest population density in Mexico, with over 10,361 people per square kilometer. Within Mexico, Guadalajara is a center of business, arts and culture, technology and tourism; as well as the economic center of the Bajío region. It usually ranks among the 100 most productive and globally competitive cities in the world. It is home to numerous landmarks, including Guadalajara Cathedral, the Teatro Degollado, the Templo Expiatorio, the UNESCO World Heritage site Hospicio Cabañas, and the San Juan de Dios Market—the largest indoor market in Latin America.Guadalajara was founded on 14 February 1542 by Cristóbal de Oñate, a Basque conquistador, as the capital of the Kingdom of Nueva Galicia, part of the Viceroyalty of New Spain. After 1572, the Royal Audiencia of Guadalajara, previously subordinate to Mexico City, became the only authority in New Spain with autonomy over Nueva Galicia, owing to rapidly growing wealth in the kingdom following the discovery of silver. By the 18th century, Guadalajara had taken its place as Mexico's second largest city, following mass colonial migrations in the 1720s and 1760s. During the Mexican War of Independence, independence leader Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla established Mexico's first revolutionary government in Guadalajara in 1810. The city flourished during the Porfiriato, with the advent of the industrial revolution, but its growth was hampered significantly during the Mexican Revolution. In 1929, the Cristero War ended within the confines of the city, when President Plutarco Elías Calles proclaimed the Grito de Guadalajara. The city saw continuous growth throughout the rest of the 20th century, attaining a metro population of 1 million in the 1960s and surpassing 3 million in the 1990s.Guadalajara is a gamma global city, and one of Mexico's most important cultural centers. It is home to numerous mainstays of Mexican culture, including Mariachi, Tequila, and Birria and hosts numerous notable events, including the Guadalajara International Film Festival, the most important film festival in Latin America, and the Guadalajara International Book Fair, the largest book fair in the Americas. The city was the American Capital of Culture in 2005 and has hosted numerous global events, including the 1970 FIFA World Cup, the 1986 FIFA World Cup, the 1st Ibero-American Summit in 1991, and the 2011 Pan American Games. The city is home to numerous universities and research institutions, including the University of Guadalajara and the Universidad Autónoma de Guadalajara, two of the highest-ranked universities in Mexico.
<The_Wolfen>	The Wolfen (1978) is the debut novel of Whitley Strieber. It tells the story of two police detectives in New York City who are involved in the investigation of suspicious deaths across the city, which are revealed to be the work of a race of intelligent beings descended from canids, called the Wolfen. The novel is told from the point of view of the human characters as well from the Wolfen themselves.A film adaptation directed by Michael Wadleigh and starring Albert Finney was released in 1981.The violent junk yard deaths of Hugo DiFalco and Dennis Houlihan, two policemen from the NYPD Auto Squad, triggers an investigation led by detectives Becky Neff and George Wilson. The evidence shows nothing conclusive, except that the victims were quickly and brutally attacked by some kind of animal, in light of the gnawing marks on the bodies' bones and paw prints left on the mud near to the attack. Despite the fact that the two murdered policemen were healthy, they seemed to be unable to defend themselves or fire their service firearms. In addition, at the time of their death the bodies showed signs of disembowelment and of being consumed. One of the puzzling pieces of evidence is that the hand of one of the policemen, still holding his gun, was severed from his arm, having not had a chance to fire the weapon.
<Tim_Berners-Lee>	Sir Timothy John Berners-Lee OM KBE FRS FREng FRSA DFBCS (born 8 June 1955), also known as TimBL, is an English computer scientist best known as the inventor of the World Wide Web. He is a Professorial Fellow of Computer Science at the University of Oxford and a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). Berners-Lee proposed an information management system on 12 March 1989, then implemented the first successful communication between a Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) client and server via the Internet in mid-November.Berners-Lee is the director of the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C), which oversees the continued development of the Web. He co-founded (with his then wife-to-be Rosemary Leith) the World Wide Web Foundation. He is a senior researcher and holder of the 3Com founder's chair at the MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL). He is a director of the Web Science Research Initiative (WSRI) and a member of the advisory board of the MIT Center for Collective Intelligence. In 2011, he was named as a member of the board of trustees of the Ford Foundation. He is a founder and president of the Open Data Institute and is currently an advisor at social network MeWe.
<Micah_Nathan>	Micah Nathan is an American author of novels, short fiction, essays, and video games. His debut novel, Gods of Aberdeen, was published in 2005 by Simon & Schuster to critical acclaim, and his second novel, Losing Graceland, published by Broadway Books in 2011, also received positive reviews, called "a blend of the ironic and the painfully sincere" by the Washington Post, while the Boston Globe referred to its "low-rent variations on a Homeric theme, antic originality, and the near-magic realism of Elvis as a geriatric Ulysses."In 2012 Nathan published Jack the Bastard and Other Stories, a short story collection with illustrations by Russ Nicholson, Phil Noto, Tradd Moore, and Michael Allred. Fat Possum Records released a limited edition soundtrack for the book, featuring tracks by The Black Keys and Townes Van Zandt. Nathan has worked as a creative consultant and head writer for several best-selling mobile games, including Shadowgun and Dead Trigger.Nathan is a contributor to Vanity Fair, where he has written about Andy Warhol, Marilyn Monroe, Alan Rickman, River Phoenix, and James Spader (whom he has referred to as "...one of the more underrated actors of his generation, despite all the better-late-than-never accolades.").
<The_Great_American_Cowboy>	The Great American Cowboy is a 1973 documentary film about the sport of rodeo. The film, which was directed by Kieth Merrill, is notable for its use of experimental editing and camera techniques.  The film focuses on the 1973 battle for the Rodeo Cowboys Association (RCA) all-around world championship race between seasoned veteran rodeo star Larry Mahan and more recent champion Phil Lyne. Voiceover narration is provided by Hollywood actor Joel McCrea. The film won the 1974 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.This article about a sports-related documentary film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Giuliano_Amato>	Giuliano Amato OMRI (Italian pronunciation: [dʒuˈljaːno aˈmaːto]; born 13 May 1938) is an Italian politician who twice served as Prime Minister of Italy, first from 1992 to 1993 and again from 2000 to 2001.Later, he was Vice President of the Convention on the Future of Europe that drafted the European Constitution and headed the Amato Group. He is commonly nicknamed dottor Sottile, which means "Doctor Subtilis", the sobriquet of the Scottish Medieval philosopher John Duns Scotus, a reference to his political subtlety. From 2006 to 2008, he was the Minister of the Interior in Romano Prodi's government.
<Mediaset>	Mediaset Italia S.p.A., also known as Mediaset, is an Italian-based mass media company which is the largest commercial broadcaster in the country. The company is controlled by the holding company MFE - MediaForEurope. Founded in 1987 by former Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi, the group competes primarily against the public broadcaster RAI, the privately owned La7 and (through Sky Group Limited) Comcast's Sky Italia.Mediaset's headquarters are in Milan, Lombardy. Many of its studios are located in the Milano 2 area of Segrate, a municipality bordering Milan, where broadcasts of local station TeleMilano (now airing nationally as Mediaset's Canale 5) began in 1978. After merging with various local broadcaster to form the Canale 5 syndication, much production was moved to Cologno Monzese, where the infrastructure of the former Telealtomilanese was present. The company currently has three main television production centres, in Milan (Segrate, Cologno Monzese) and Rome.Due to their proximity to Italy, other countries including France, Croatia, Switzerland, Spain, Greece, Albania, Malta, Monaco, Montenegro and Slovenia also receive Mediaset broadcasts. In addition to its domestic television interests, Mediaset also operates a series of news, entertainment and sport websites; owns the film production company Medusa Film.
<Wong_Li-Lin>	Wong Li Lin (Chinese: 黄丽玲; pinyin: Huáng Lìlíng) (born 30 August 1972) is a Singaporean media personality and businesswoman.  She was formerly an actress and host on Singaporean television.Wong Li Lin is the youngest in a family of 4 siblings.  She has 3 elder brothers. She was educated at Haig Girls’ School and Temasek Secondary School.  She started ballet by chance at age 9 and started teaching at the age of 13 to supplement her fees.  Wong was awarded a scholarship to the Royal Ballet School in London, where she was appointed Head Girl.
<Gary_Bowes>	Gary Tyron Bowes (born 18 October 1989) is an English footballer who plays as a forward.He appeared in the Football League for Millwall, and also played in the Portuguese Second Division for Louletano and in English non-league football for clubs including Ebbsfleet United, AFC Hornchurch, Leyton, Salisbury City, Brentwood Town, Whitehawk, Cheshunt, and Harlow Town.
<Pat_Buchanan>	Patrick Joseph Buchanan (/bjuːˈkænən/; born November 2, 1938) is an American paleoconservative political commentator, columnist, politician, and broadcaster. Buchanan was an assistant and special consultant to U.S. Presidents Richard Nixon, Gerald Ford, and Ronald Reagan. He is a major figure in the modern paleoconservative movement in America, and his writings, morals, values, and strategic thinking have continued to influence many paleoconservatives.In 1992 and 1996, he sought the Republican presidential nomination. In 1992 he ran against incumbent president George H. W. Bush, campaigning against Bush's breaking of his "Read my lips: no new taxes" pledge, as well as his foreign policy and positions on social issues. At the 1992 Republican National Convention, Buchanan delivered his "Culture War" speech in support of the nominated President Bush. In 1996, he ran against eventual Republican nominee Bob Dole, but withdrew after getting only 21 percent of Republican primary votes. In 2000, he was the Reform Party's presidential nominee. His campaign centered on non-interventionism in foreign affairs, opposition to illegal immigration, and opposition to the outsourcing of manufacturing from free trade. He selected educator and conservative activist Ezola Foster as his running-mate.
<Gary_Roberts_(footballer,_born_1987)>	Gary Steven Roberts (born 2 February 1987) is an English footballer who plays for Flint Mountain as a deep-lying playmaker, he has been praised for his vision and ball distribution skills. However off the field he has struggled to control drink and gambling problems.He started his career with Crewe Alexandra in 2003, and made 133 league and cup appearances over the next five years. In 2008, he had a loan spell at Yeovil Town, before he joined the club permanently the following year. He signed with Rotherham United in November 2009, having impressed on trial, before he was released in summer 2010. Crewe, Yeovil and Rotherham all cited disciplinary problems as their reason for letting him go. He joined Port Vale in July 2010, having been handed a 'last chance' by manager Micky Adams. His contract was terminated in December 2011, again due to a disciplinary issue, and he signed with Mansfield Town. In January 2013 he joined Maltese club Floriana on loan. He spent a short period out of the game before he joined Welsh Premier League side Gap Connah's Quay in January 2014. He returned to Malta with Mosta in January 2015, coming back to England later in the year to play for Witton Albion. He joined Welsh club Bangor City in June 2016, and then switched to Southport in July 2017. He joined hometown club Chester six months later, where he spent close to three seasons, before joining Congleton Town in July 2021. He switched to Runcorn Town in February 2022 and joined Welsh club Flint Mountain four months later.
<Setsuro_Ebashi>	Setsuro Ebashi MJA ForMemRS (江橋 節郎, Ebashi Setsurō, 31 August 1922 Tokyo – 17 July 2006 Okazaki) was a prominent Japanese physiologist who uncovered the regulatory role of calcium in cells. He is famous for the discovery of Troponin in 1965, which is integral to muscle contraction, as well as for the contribution of diagnosis of muscular dystrophy.Ebashi was born in Tokyo, and received his medical degree in 1944 and Ph.D. in 1954 from the University of Tokyo. He was Guest Investigator of the Rockefeller Institute in New York City from January to December 1959, where he studied with Fritz Lipmann.Ebashi was Professor and Chair of Pharmacology at the Faculty of Medicine, University of Tokyo from May 1959 until March 1983, as well as Professor and Chair of Biophysics at the School of Science from May 1971 to March 1983. He trained many graduate students and postdoctorals who later became leading figures in basic medical sciences in Japan, including Tomoh Masaki who discovered Endothelin in 1988.
<Phillip_Fulmer>	Phillip Edward Fulmer Sr. (born September 1, 1950) is a former American football player, coach, and athletic director at the University of Tennessee. He served as head coach of the Tennessee Volunteers football team from 1992 to 2008, compiling a 152–52 record. He is best known for coaching the Volunteers in the first BCS National Championship Game in 1998, defeating the Florida State Seminoles. Fulmer was the Volunteers' 20th head football coach.At the end of his tenure at Tennessee, Fulmer had the second-highest number of wins of any head coach in Tennessee history, 21 behind Robert Neyland. Fulmer also was the third coach in Tennessee history to win a claimed national championship. His 1997 and 1998 teams won consecutive SEC championships. Despite a decline in the later years of his career, he is considered to be an icon of Tennessee football, noted for his loyalty to the institution. In recognition of his accomplishments at Tennessee, Fulmer was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2012.
<George_Washington_Warren>	George Washington Warren (October 1, 1813 – May 13, 1883) was a Massachusetts attorney, jurist, and politician who served as the first mayor of  Charlestown, Massachusetts.He was born in Watertown, Massachusetts and graduated from Harvard College in 1830 and later from Harvard Law School.  He was an attorney by profession.In 1838 he served as a representative to the Massachusetts General Court.
<Gloria_Grahame>	Gloria Grahame Hallward (November 28, 1923 – October 5, 1981) was an Academy Award-winning American actress and singer. She began her acting career in theatre, and in 1944 made her first film for MGM.Despite a featured role in It's a Wonderful Life (1946), MGM did not believe she had the potential for major success, and sold her contract to RKO Studios. Often cast in film noir projects, Grahame was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for Crossfire (1947), and later won the award for her work in The Bad and the Beautiful (1952). After starring opposite Humphrey Bogart in In A Lonely Place (1950), she achieved her highest profile with Sudden Fear (1952), The Big Heat (1953), Human Desire (1954), and Oklahoma! (1955), but her film career began to wane soon afterwards.
<Diogo_Viana>	Diogo Filipe Guerreiro Viana (born 22 February 1990) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a right winger for S.C. Farense.Born in Lagos, Algarve, Viana spent six years as a youth at Sporting CP. In June 2008 the 18-year-old was transferred to FC Porto as part of a deal involving Hélder Postiga, with the northerners receiving €2.5 million whereas the Lisbon club retained 50% of his rights. In the 2008–09 season, whilst still a junior, he made his debut with the first team, playing four Portuguese League Cup matches and totalling 55 minutes in two wins and two losses. His first appearance was against Vitória de Setúbal (2–1 home victory), on 8 January 2009.On 17 June 2009, Viana moved on loan to VVV-Venlo in the Netherlands. He appeared in 23 Eredivisie games in his first year, helping the Limburg side finish in 12th position. In January 2011, he returned to Portugal and joined C.D. Aves of the second division also on loan.
<Norman_Chandler>	Norman Chandler (September 14, 1899 – October 20, 1973) was the publisher of the Los Angeles Times from 1945 to 1960.Norman Chandler was born in Los Angeles on September 14, 1899, one of eight children of Harry Chandler and Marian Otis Chandler. His grandfather, Harrison Gray Otis, had been publisher of, the Los Angeles Times from 1881 to 1917, and his father from 1917 to 1944.As a youth he was raised in his parents' estate on Hillhurst near the Greek Theater. He delivered copies of the Los Angeles Times in a model‐T Ford.
<The_Trick_is_to_Keep_Breathing_(novel)>	The Trick is to Keep Breathing is the first novel from the writer Janice Galloway. It was first published in the United Kingdom by Polygon in 1989. The novel won the MIND/Allen Lane Book of the Year and was also shortlisted for both the Whitbread First Novel and Scottish First Book awards.The novel's protagonist and narrator. She is 27 years old. She lives on a council estate on the outskirts of Irvine, North Ayrshire, not far from the dilapidated cottage she owns. She is a drama teacher, and works part-time at a bookmakers. She is anorexic, and possibly as a consequence no longer menstruates. She voraciously reads women's magazines. She is an alcoholic. Throughout the novel she tries to find the "trick" to keep living on.
<Smallville>	Smallville is an American superhero television series developed by writer-producers Alfred Gough and Miles Millar, based on the DC Comics character Superman created by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster. The series was produced by  Millar/Gough Ink, Tollin/Robbins Productions, DC Comics and Warner Bros. Television. Initially broadcast by the WB, the show premiered on October 16, 2001. After its fifth season, the WB and UPN merged to form The CW, the series' later United States broadcaster until its tenth and final season ended on May 13, 2011.Smallville follows the coming-of-age adventures of teenage Clark Kent (Tom Welling) in his fictional hometown of Smallville, Kansas, before he formally becomes the Man of Steel. The first four seasons focus on the high school life of Clark and his friends, his complicated romance with neighbor girl Lana Lang (Kristin Kreuk), and his friendship with future nemesis Lex Luthor (Michael Rosenbaum). From season five onwards, Smallville ventures into Clark's early adult years, eventually focusing on his career alongside Lois Lane (Erica Durance) at the Daily Planet and introducing other DC comicbook superheroes and villains.
<John_Latham_(judge)>	Sir John Greig Latham GCMG QC (26 August 1877 – 25 July 1964) was an Australian lawyer, politician, and judge who served as the fifth Chief Justice of Australia, in office from 1935 to 1952. He had earlier served as Attorney-General of Australia under Stanley Bruce and Joseph Lyons, and was Leader of the Opposition from 1929 to 1931 as the final leader of the Nationalist Party.Latham was born in Melbourne. He studied arts and law at the University of Melbourne, and was called to the bar in 1904. He soon became one of Victoria's best known barristers. In 1917, Latham joined the Royal Australian Navy as the head of its intelligence division. He served on the Australian delegation to the 1919 Paris Peace Conference, where he came into conflict with Prime Minister Billy Hughes. At the 1922 federal election, Latham was elected to parliament as an independent on an anti-Hughes platform. He got on better with Hughes' successor Stanley Bruce, and formally joined the Nationalist Party in 1925, subsequently winning promotion to cabinet as Attorney-General. He was also Minister for Industry from 1928, and was one of the architects of the unpopular industrial relations policy that contributed to the government's defeat at the 1929 election. Bruce lost his seat, and Latham was reluctantly persuaded to become Leader of the Opposition.
<Gil_Gomes>	Nélson Gil de Almeida Gomes (born 2 December 1972), known as Gil, is a Portuguese former footballer who played as a forward.Born in Luanda, Portuguese Angola, Gil moved to Portugal at a young age, joining S.L. Benfica's youth system at the age of 14. He excelled at the 1991 FIFA World Youth Championship with the Portuguese under-20 team, scoring one goal in five matches as the tournament ended in victory. At senior level, however, his Primeira Liga input consisted of 30 games over two seasons, not being able to find the net with S.C. Braga and C.F. Estrela da Amadora.After leaving his adopted nation in 1995 and until his retirement ten years later – he had already had an abroad spell with Tours FC in France – Gil played all but exclusively in lower league and amateur football. In his last six seasons he competed in England, representing Welwitchia, Hendon, Middlewich Town, Salford City, Hyde United and New East Manchester.
<Betty_Brosmer>	Betty Chloe Brosmer (born August 2, 1935), later known by her married name Betty Weider, is an American former bodybuilder and physical fitness expert. During the 1950s, she was a popular commercial model and pin-up girl.After marrying magazine publisher Joe Weider in 1961, she began a lengthy career as a spokesperson and trainer in the health and bodybuilding movements. She has been a longtime magazine columnist and co-authored several books on fitness and physical exercise.
<Don_Brinkley>	Donald Alan Brinkley (March 9, 1921 – July 14, 2012) was an American television writer, director and producer. He wrote for countless television shows in a career that spanned over 55 years, and wrote and produced the shows Medical Center and Trapper John M.D. He also wrote a play and a novel, "A Lively Form of Death". Brinkley was honored by the Museum of Broadcasting both in Los Angeles and New York City for his career.After World War II Brinkley worked in Chicago as a staff writer at WGN Radio and as a Chief Writer at CBS Radio.In 1950 he moved to Southern California where he began an illustrious career as a television scenarist, writing over 400 teleplays for such shows as The Untouchables, The Fugitive, Have Gun, Will Travel, Kraft Suspense Theatre, The F.B.I., The Virginian, Ben Casey, Bat Masterson, The Man From U.N.C.L.E., Rawhide, Ironside, The Name of the Game and many others.
<Cassa_di_Risparmio_del_Veneto>	Cassa di Risparmio del Veneto S.p.A., known as CR Veneto, was an Italian savings bank, headquartered in Padua, Veneto (Italian: Padova). It was a subsidiary of Intesa Sanpaolo.The bank was one of the oldest savings bank of Italy, which in 1822 the government of Kingdom of Lombardy–Venetia introduced savings bank to Venice, Padua, Rovigo and other provincial capitals (such as Vicenza and Treviso). In 1928 the savings banks of Padua and Rovigo was merged to form Cassa di Risparmio di Padova e Rovigo (Cariparo), due to a law enacted in December 1927 (converted a decree-law published in March 1927 into law). Before the enactment, Federazione delle Casse di Risparmio di Padova e Rovigo was formed circa March 1927.In 1992, due to Legge Amato [it], the bank was split into Fondazione Cariparo and Cassa di Risparmio di Padova e Rovigo S.p.A..
<Ottawa>	Ottawa (/ˈɒtəwə/ (listen), /ˈɒtəwɑː/; Canadian French: [ɔtawɑ]) is the capital city of Canada. It is located at the confluence of the Ottawa River and the Rideau River in the southern portion of the province of Ontario. Ottawa borders Gatineau, Quebec, and forms the core of the Ottawa–Gatineau census metropolitan area (CMA) and the National Capital Region (NCR). As of 2021,[update] Ottawa had a city population of 1,017,449 and a metropolitan population of 1,488,307, making it the fourth-largest city and fourth-largest metropolitan area in Canada.Ottawa is the political centre of Canada and headquarters to the federal government. The city houses numerous foreign embassies, key buildings, organizations, and institutions of Canada's government, including the Parliament of Canada, the Supreme Court, the residence of Canada's viceroy, and Office of the Prime Minister.
<Skøyen_Station>	Skøyen Station (Norwegian: Skøyen stasjon) is a railway station located at Skøyen in Oslo, Norway. It is situated on the Drammen Line, 4.36 kilometers (2.71 mi) from Oslo Central Station. It is served by regional trains and the Oslo Commuter Rail, operated by Vy, as well as by the Airport Express Train. The station is elevated and has two island platforms and four tracks.The station opened along with the Drammen Line on 7 October 1872 with a station building designed by Georg Andreas Bull. The station was originally named Tyskestranden, taking the name Bygdø in 1876, Skøien in 1903 and the current name in 1921. The station received a major upgrade between 1915 and 1922, which included elevating the tracks, a new station designed by Eivind Gleditsch, double track and electrification. The station was further upgraded by plans designed by Arne Henriksen to the current state between 1996 and 1998.Skøyen Station was one of five original stations on the Drammen Line, which opened on 7 October 1872. The line was originally narrow gauge, single track and lot electrified.  The station building was designed by Georg Andreas Bull in Swiss chalet style. It was located on the east of Drammensveien. The original building has since been demolished.
<Casa_de_Fierro>	Coordinates: 3°44′59.49″S 73°14′38.41″W﻿ / ﻿3.7498583°S 73.2440028°W﻿ / -3.7498583; -73.2440028La Casa de Fierro (archaism, English: the Iron House, French: La Maison de Fer), located in the city of Iquitos in the jungle of Peru, in front of the major square between Próspero and Putumayo streets, is a large iron residence built during the rubber boom at the end of the nineteenth century. The house was bought by the Bolivian explorer and entrepreneur Antonio Vaca Diez. La Casa de Fierro is one of the finest as well as best-preserved samples of civil architecture in Peru. The walls, ceiling, and balcony are plastered in rectangular sheets of iron. It is said to be the first prefabricated house in the Americas. Although popularly said to have been designed by the French architect Gustave Eiffel, there is no evidence at all that this is true; the building does not reflect his architectural style. Since 2011 well substantiated claims prove it was built in the Belgian workshops of Les Forges d'Aiseau (Joseph Danly process). Rubber baron Anselmo del Aguila bought it at the International Exposition of Paris in 1889. Once dismantled, it was brought in pieces to Iquitos (the metal sheets were carried by hundreds of men through the jungle), and assembled there in 1890.
<The_Story_of_Ruth>	The Story of Ruth is a 1960 American historical romance film directed by Henry Koster, shot in CinemaScope and DeLuxe Color, and released by 20th Century Fox. The screenplay, written by Norman Corwin, is an adaptation of the biblical Book of Ruth. The film stars Stuart Whitman as Boaz, Tom Tryon as Mahlon, Peggy Wood as Naomi, Viveca Lindfors as Eleilat, Jeff Morrow as Tob, and introduces 19-year old  Elana Eden as Ruth.The first part of the film revolves around Ruth, visualized as a pagan idolatress in her youth who serves as the spiritual teacher of a young Moabite girl, Tebah, who is being prepared to be sacrificed to Chemosh, a Moabite deity. Unhappy with the ritual crown created for Tebah, high-priestess Eleilat, along with Ruth, instruct Mahlon, the Judean artisan, to revamp the crown with jewels and glitter. Mahlon delivers the crown to Ruth at the temple, and he begins to question her about the existence of Chemosh. Ruth becomes doubtful of her religion and ultimately falls in love with Mahlon, sharing an interest in monotheism.The non-biblical part ends with the sight of the Moabite girl being sacrificed, from which a distressed Ruth flees. The Moabites condemn Mahlon, his father Elimelech, and brother Chilion.  Chilion and Elimelech die in the prison, while Mahlon's punishment is to work at the quarries for the rest of his life.  Ruth comes to free Mahlon, but he is wounded as he flees the quarry.  He marries Ruth in a cave soon afterwards, and promptly dies.
<Ben_Howland>	Benjamin Clark Howland (born May 28, 1957) is an American college basketball coach who most recently served as the men's head coach at Mississippi State University from to 2015 to 2022. He served as the head men's basketball coach at Northern Arizona University from 1994 to 1999, the University of Pittsburgh from 1999 to 2003, and the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) from 2003 to 2013. Howland became the first men's coach in modern college basketball history to be fired shortly after winning an outright power-conference title. He is one of the few NCAA Division I coaches to take four teams to the NCAA tournament.Born in Lebanon, Oregon, Howland first attended Dos Pueblos High School in Goleta, California, for a year then transferred to Cerritos High School in Cerritos, where he earned his diploma.  While at Cerritos, he was a two-time All-CIF and two-time Suburban League Most Valuable Player in basketball.
<CD_Atlético_Baleares>	Club Deportivo Atlético Baleares, S.A.D. (Catalan: Club Esportiu Atlètic Balears) is a Spanish football team based in Palma, Majorca, in the autonomous community of the Balearic Islands. Founded on 1920, it currently plays in Primera División RFEF – Group 2, hosting games at Estadio Balear with a capacity of 6,000 seats.The history of the entity was for many years without work and without any reference work. That is why, due to inertia and tradition, the origin of the club is still located in 1942, although in recent times the origin of 1920 was proven documentary, increasingly known and accepted.On 3 April 1920 an article about the foundation of new soccer teams in Palma appeared in the Última Hora newspaper, until then created by fans of middle and upper social class. The following sentence stood out in the text:
<Rose_McConnell_Long>	Rose Long (née McConnell; April 8, 1892 – May 27, 1970) was an American politician who served as a Senator, and the wife of Huey Long. She was the third woman to ever serve as a U.S. Senator, and the first from Louisiana.Rose McConnell was born in Greensburg, Indiana. She met Huey Long after she won a cake baking contest that he had organized to promote a product he was selling at the time. After a two-and-a-half year courtship, Rose and Huey were married in 1913. The next year he turned to the study of law, and became a lawyer after passing the bar. They had three children together. Huey Long became a highly successful politician, elected as governor of Louisiana in 1928 and then US Senator from Louisiana in 1930.
<Mary_Agnes_Donoghue>	Mary Agnes Donoghue (26 March 1943 in Queens) is an American screenwriter and director. Following early jobs as a secretary and short story writer, Donoghue's first writing credit was the 1984 film The Buddy System. She went on to pen the screenplays for Beaches (1988) and Paradise (1991), which was also her directorial debut. Donoghue co-wrote and co-produced Deceived (1991) and two year later, her first play, Me and Mamie O'Rourke, made its debut at the Strand Theatre in London. In the 2000s, Donoghue wrote the screenplay for White Oleander (2002) and co-wrote Veronica Guerin (2003) with Carol Doyle. In 2013, Donoghue wrote and directed Jenny's Wedding.Donoghue was born in Queens, New York City. Before becoming a screenwriter, she worked various secretarial jobs. Donoghue was also a short story writer and poet. Donoghue lived with her partner, writer and journalist Chris Robbins for 19 years, before marrying him in 1996. Robbins died on December 24, 2012 from pancreatic cancer.Donoghue's first writing credit was the 1984 romantic comedy drama The Buddy System, starring Richard Dreyfuss and Susan Sarandon. Donoghue then adapted Iris Rainer Dart's 1985 novel Beaches for the screen. The film which starred Bette Midler and Barbara Hershey was released in 1988. During filming, the director Garry Marshall asked Donoghue to add "a couple more sugars" to the script. When she refused, Marshall fired her and hired a team of comedy writers to change the script. After three weeks, the head of the studio saw the script, which was described as being "really, really bad" and Donoghue's script was reinstated.
<Social_Democratic_Party_of_Germany>	The Social Democratic Party of Germany (German: Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands, [zoˈtsi̯aːldemoˌkʁaːtɪʃə paʁˌtaɪ ˈdɔʏtʃlants]; SPD, German pronunciation: [ɛspeːˈdeː] (listen)) is a centre-left social democratic political party in Germany. It is one of the major parties of contemporary Germany.Saskia Esken has been the party's leader since the 2019 leadership election together with Lars Klingbeil, who joined her in December 2021. After Olaf Scholz was elected chancellor in 2021 the SPD became the leading party of the federal government, which the SPD formed with the Greens and the Free Democratic Party, after the 2021 federal election. The SPD is a member of 11 of the 16 German state governments and is a leading partner in seven of them.
<Artur_Davis>	Artur Genestre Davis (/ɑːrˈtʊər/; born October 9, 1967) is an American attorney and former politician who served as a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives for Alabama's 7th congressional district from 2003 to 2011. He was also a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Governor of Alabama in the 2010 election. After losing in the primary, he moved to Virginia and joined the Republican Party. He rejoined the Democratic Party 2015 and 2017 in his two attempts to be elected Mayor of Montgomery, Alabama in the 2015 and 2019 elections, losing both times. He rejoined the Republican Party for one year in 2016.Davis was an early supporter of Barack Obama's 2008 bid for the presidency, and one of the national co-chairs for Obama's 2008 campaign. Known for his oratorical skills, Davis made one of the nominating speeches for Obama at the 2008 Democratic National Convention. While serving on the House Ways and Means Committee, Davis was the first African-American member of Congress to advocate that Committee Chairman Charles B. Rangel give up the chairmanship of the tax committee in the wake of ethics charges against Rangel. In 2009 and 2010 Davis, voted against the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, the only member of the Congressional Black Caucus to do so.In 2009, Davis sought to become Alabama's first African-American Governor. In attempting to appeal to a broader electorate, he lost the support of black voters by opposing national health care reform and failing to meet with certain black political groups. He lost in the Democratic primary to Agriculture Commissioner Ron Sparks, a more liberal Democrat. Shortly after, Davis announced he would not be running for re-election to the House in 2010, instead returning to the practice of law.
<Elizabeth_McCombs>	Elizabeth Reid McCombs (née Henderson, 19 November 1873 – 7 June 1935) was a New Zealand politician of the Labour Party who in 1933 became the first woman elected to the New Zealand Parliament. New Zealand women gained the right to vote in 1893, though were not allowed to stand for the House of Representatives until the election of 1919. McCombs had previously contested elections in 1928 and 1931.McCombs was born in Kaiapoi, North Canterbury, New Zealand. She was one of the nine children of Alice and Daniel Henderson. The family spent some years living in Ashburton, but in about 1882 the family moved to Christchurch. A passion for activism was embedded in her family, as some of her siblings were notable activists themselves. Two of McCombs' sisters, Stella Henderson and Christina Kirk Henderson, were both in the public eye; Stella writing for a prominent New Zealand newspaper, and Christina advocating for the suffrage movement.
<Chris_Woods>	Christopher Charles Eric Woods (born 14 November 1959) is an English football coach and former professional footballer, who is goalkeeping coach for the Scotland national team.As a player, he was a goalkeeper who played in the Football League and Premier League for Nottingham Forest, Queens Park Rangers, Norwich City, Sheffield Wednesday, Reading, Southampton and Burnley. He also played in the Scottish Football League for Rangers and in Major League Soccer for the Colorado Rapids. He was an England international and was largely Peter Shilton's long-time understudy in the England team in the mid to late 1980s, finally claiming the number one shirt for himself after the 1990 World Cup. In all, he managed to accrue 43 caps in an eight-year international career.
<Don't_Burn_the_Witch...>	Don't Burn the Witch... is a split EP by thrash metal bands Toxic Holocaust, Minotaur, Evil Angel and Goat Messiah released under Midnight Records.Toxic Holocaust
<Cerberus_Capital_Management>	Cerberus Capital Management, L.P. is an American private equity firm, specializing in distressed investing.  The firm is based in New York City, and run by Steve Feinberg, who co-founded Cerberus in 1992, with William L. Richter, who serves as a senior managing director. The firm has affiliate and advisory offices in the United States, Europe and Asia.Cerberus has around US$55 billion under management in funds and accounts.  The company is a U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Registered Investment Adviser.  Investors include government and private sector pension and retirement funds, charitable foundations, university endowments, insurance companies, family savings and sovereign wealth funds.
<Moray_Callum>	Moray S. Callum (born 19 November 1958) is a Scottish automobile designer who was Vice President, Design for Ford Motor Company, having retired on 1 May 2021. His elder brother Ian Callum was the Design Director of Jaguar from 1999 to 2019.Callum was born in Dumfries, Scotland. He initially intended to become a veterinarian, though by university age Callum elected to study architecture at Napier University in Edinburgh before becoming disillusioned with the prospect of calculating the size of waste pipes of seven-story buildings for the rest of his life. He changed disciplines and graduated in industrial design and followed the well-trodden car designer path of continuing his studies at the Royal College of Art in London, graduating with a master's degree in transportation design.[citation needed]
<George_Eliot>	Mary Ann Evans (22 November 1819 – 22 December 1880; alternatively Mary Anne or Marian), known by her pen name George Eliot, was an English novelist, poet, journalist, translator, and one of the leading writers of the Victorian era. She wrote seven novels: Adam Bede (1859), The Mill on the Floss (1860), Silas Marner (1861), Romola (1862–63), Felix Holt, the Radical (1866), Middlemarch (1871–72) and Daniel Deronda (1876). Like Charles Dickens and Thomas Hardy, she emerged from provincial England; most of her works are set there. Her works are known for their realism, psychological insight, sense of place and detailed depiction of the countryside.Middlemarch was described by the novelist Virginia Woolf as "one of the few English novels written for grown-up people"  and by Martin Amis and Julian Barnes as the greatest novel in the English language.
<Real_Murcia_Imperial>	Real Murcia Club de Fútbol "B", also known as Real Murcia Imperial is a spanish football team based in Murcia, in the namesake community. Founded in 1922, it is the reserve team of Real Murcia and plays in Tercera División – Group 13, holding home games at Campus Universitario, with a 3,000-seat capacity.
<Robert_C._Springer>	Robert Clyde "Bob" Springer (born May 21, 1942) is a retired American astronaut and test pilot who flew as a Mission Specialist on two NASA Space Shuttle missions in 1989 and 1990. A decorated aviator in the United States Marine Corps, Springer also flew more than 500 combat sorties during the Vietnam War. He has logged over 237 hours in space and 4,500 hours flying time, including 3,500 hours in jet aircraft.Springer was born May 21, 1942, in St. Louis, Missouri. He was active in the Boy Scouts of America where he achieved its second-highest rank, Life Scout. He graduated from Ashland High School in Ashland, Ohio in 1960. He received a commission in the U.S. Marine Corps following his 1964 graduation from the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland with a Bachelor of Science degree in Naval Science. Springer attended The Basic School at Marine Corps Base Quantico, Virginia before reporting to the Naval Air Training Command for flight training at Pensacola, Florida and Beeville, Texas.
<Carolina_Cougars>	The Carolina Cougars were  a basketball franchise in the American Basketball Association that existed from 1969 through 1974. The Cougars were originally a charter member of the ABA as the Houston Mavericks in 1967. The Mavericks moved to North Carolina in late 1969 after two unsuccessful seasons in Houston at the Sam Houston Coliseum.The Carolina Cougars franchise began when future Lieutenant Governor of North Carolina Jim Gardner bought the Houston Mavericks and moved them to North Carolina in 1969. At the time, none of North Carolina's large metropolitan areas – Charlotte, the Piedmont Triad and the Triangle – was large enough to support a professional team on its own. With this in mind, Gardner decided to brand the Cougars as a "regional" team. Gardner sold the team after one season to Ted Munchak, who poured significant resources into the team.The Cougars were based in Greensboro and played most of their home games at the Greensboro Coliseum, the state's largest arena at the time.  Games were also regularly played in Charlotte at the (original) Charlotte Coliseum and in Raleigh at Dorton Arena and Reynolds Coliseum. In early 1972, three regular season games were played in Winston-Salem at the Winston-Salem Memorial Coliseum, and one game was played at Fort Bragg.
<John_Brown's_Body_(poem)>	John Brown's body lies a-mouldering in the grave.Spread over it the bloodstained flag of his song,For the sun to bleach, the wind and the birds to tear,The snow to cover over with a pure fleeceAnd the New England cloud to work uponWith the grey absolution of its slow, most lilac-smelling rain,Until there is nothing thereThat ever knew a master or a slaveOr, brooding on the symbol of a wrong,Threw down the irons in the field of peace.John Brown is dead, he will not come again,A stray ghost-walker with a ghostly gun.—Stephen Vincent Benét, "John Brown's Body" (1928)John Brown's Body (1928) is an epic American poem written by Stephen Vincent Benét.  Its title references the radical abolitionist John Brown, who raided the federal armory at Harpers Ferry, Virgina in October 1859.  He was captured and hanged later that year. Benét's poem covers the history of the American Civil War. It won the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 1929. It was written while Benét lived in Paris after receiving a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1926.
<Gloria_Loring>	Gloria Loring-Lagler (born Gloria Jean Goff; December 10, 1946) is an American singer and actress. She is known for playing Liz Chandler on Days of Our Lives for six years (1980–86). She and singer-actor Carl Anderson performed the duet "Friends and Lovers," which reached number two on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in 1986.Gloria Jean Goff was born in New York City, the daughter of Dorothy Ann (née Tobin), a singer, and Gerald "Buzzy" Lewis Goff, a professional trumpet player with the Tommy Dorsey big band as well as other renowned swing groups; a salesman and hospitality/restaurant industry consultant.Loring began her music career at age 14, singing with a folk group known as Those Four. Loring released her first album in 1968. It was titled Today on MGM Records. Several singles, including cover versions of Harry Nilsson's "Everybody's Talkin'" and Roger Whittaker's "New World in the Morning" were released on the Evolution label, though none charted. She also released, as a single, an early cover version of Joni Mitchell's "Chelsea Morning" in 1968.
<Henri_Castelli>	Henri Lincoln Fernandes Nascimento (born February 10, 1978), known as Henri Castelli, is a Brazilian actor.Castelli was hired by Rede Globo in 1998 to make a small participation in the miniseries Hilda Furacão and in the telenovela Pecado Capital as Lobato, a supporting actor. In the following years he acted as Dino, Pércio, Breno and José de Castro in the telenovelas  Esplendor, As Filhas da Mãe, Um Anjo Caiu do Céu and O Quinto dos Infernos, respectively.Castelli's first role as protagonist was in the ninth season of Malhação in 2002, where he starred Pedro Rodrigues. In 2004 he gave life to his first villain, Jorge Junqueira in Como uma Onda. Castelli played a short time in Belíssima, due to her character having a mysterious death at the beginning of the plot. In 2006 he acted once again as a villain, this time Estevão Pacheco in Cobras & Lagartos. Castelli also co-starred in Caras & Bocas the character Vicente Foster.
<Benjamin_Walker_(actor)>	Benjamin Walker Scodelario-Davis (né Davis; born June 21, 1982) is an American actor and stand-up comedian. He starred as Andrew Jackson in the musical Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson, which premiered on Broadway in 2010. He has appeared in a number of Broadway productions, notably as Patrick Bateman in the 2016 musical adaptation of the novel American Psycho and as Chris Keller in the 2019 revival of All My Sons, for which he was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Featured Actor. On screen, he is known for his title role in the 2012 film Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter, as well as his appearances in the films Kinsey, Flags of Our Fathers, and In the Heart of the Sea. In 2019, he starred as Erik Gelden in the third and final season of Marvel's Jessica Jones from Netflix. He plays the elven king Gil-galad in the Amazon Prime Video series The Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power.Walker was born in Cartersville, Georgia, the younger of two boys born of Jeannine (née Walker), a music teacher, and Greg Davis, who owned a movie rental store and works in financial services. He took his mother's maiden name as his stage name because there was a Benjamin Davis already registered with the Screen Actors Guild. He attended Cartersville High School in Cartersville, the Interlochen Arts Academy near Traverse City, and the Juilliard School in New York City. He graduated from the Juilliard Actor Training Program in 2004.In February 2007, Walker portrayed Bertram Cates in the Broadway revival of Inherit the Wind. The production opened at the Lyceum Theatre on April 12 and enjoyed a 10-week run to a full house. The show was nominated for four Tony awards, including Best Revival. In April 2008, Walker appeared as the Chevalier Danceny in the Roundabout Theatre Company's production of Les Liaisons Dangereuses. He played the inexperienced lover who becomes the sex pawn of the pernicious La Marquise de Merteuil. Described as the "definitive battle of the sexes" by Broadway World, the production enjoyed a full house and was nominated for six Tony awards.
<Haslemere>	The town of Haslemere (/ˈheɪzəlmɪər/) and the villages of Shottermill and Grayswood are in south west Surrey, England, around 39 mi (62 km) south west of London. Together with the settlements of Hindhead and Beacon Hill, they comprise the civil parish of Haslemere in the Borough of Waverley. The tripoint between the counties of Surrey, Hampshire and West Sussex is at the west end of Shottermill.Much of the civil parish is in the catchment area of the south branch of the River Wey, which rises on Blackdown in West Sussex. The urban areas of Haslemere and Shottermill are concentrated along the valleys of the young river and its tributaries, and many of the local roads are narrow and steep. The National Trust is a major landowner in the civil parish and its properties include Swan Barn Farm. The Surrey Hills Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty is to the north of the town and the South Downs National Park is to the south.
<Portugal_national_under-18_football_team>	The Portugal national under-18 football team is the association football team that represents the nation of Portugal at the under-18 level.The following players have been called up within the last twelve months, and still ineglible for selection.
<Tim_Daly>	James Timothy Daly (born March 1, 1956) is an American actor. He is known for his role as Joe Hackett on the NBC sitcom Wings and his voice role as Clark Kent/Superman in Superman: The Animated Series, as well as his recurring role as the drug-addicted screenwriter J.T. Dolan on The Sopranos (for which he was nominated for an Emmy Award). He starred as Pete Wilder on the ABC medical drama Private Practice from 2007 to 2012. From 2014 until 2019, he portrayed Henry McCord, husband of the Secretary of State, on the CBS drama Madam Secretary.Daly was born March 1, 1956, at Mount Sinai Hospital in Manhattan, the only son and youngest of four children of actor James Daly (1918–1978) and actress Mary Hope Daly (née Newell; 1921–2009). He is of Irish descent, his ancestors being from Limerick and Kerry. He is the younger brother of actress Tyne Daly. He has two other sisters, Mary Glynn (wife of Mark Snow) and Pegeen Michael. Daly attended The Putney School, where he started to study acting.
<Judi_Chamberlin>	Judi Chamberlin (née Rosenberg; October 30, 1944 – January 16, 2010) was an American activist, leader, organizer, public speaker and educator in the psychiatric survivors movement. Her political activism followed her involuntary confinement in a psychiatric facility in the 1960s. She was the author of On Our Own: Patient-Controlled Alternatives to the Mental Health System, which is a foundational text in the Mad Pride movement.Judi Chamberlin was born Judith Rosenberg in Brooklyn in 1944. She was the only daughter of Harold and Shirley Jaffe Rosenberg. The family later changed their name to Ross. Her father was a factory worker when she was a child  and later worked as an executive in the advertising industry. Her mother was employed as a school secretary. Chamberlin graduated from Midwood High School. After graduation, she had no plans of attending college and worked as a secretary instead.There are real indignities and real problems when all facets of life are controlled—when to get up, to eat, to shower—and chemicals are put inside our bodies against our will.
<Middle_Age_Spread>	Middle Age Spread is a 1979 film adaptation of the Roger Hall play of the same name.A deputy principal of a high school takes up jogging to combat a spreading waistline and gradually enters into an affair with a co-worker's wife when his wife loses interest in him.
<Efren_Ramirez>	 Efrain Antonio Ramírez (born October 2, 1973) is an American actor and DJ, best known for playing Pedro Sánchez in the 2004 indie film Napoleon Dynamite. He later reprised his role in the 2012 animated series of the same name. Ramírez was born in Los Angeles, California, to Salvadoran parents, both are from El Salvador. He has four brothers, one of whom is his identical twin Carlos.
<Potevio>	Potevio Group Corporation is a Chinese telecommunications hardware manufacturing company. It was one of the 102 state-owned enterprises that is supervised by the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council. Potevio Group Corporation is the parent company of Potevio Co., Ltd..In 2021, it was reported that Potevio had been absorbed into China Electronics Technology Group (CETC).Potevio Group is the parent company of 5 listed companies: Shanghai Potevio (SSE:600680), Eastern Communications (SSE:600776), Nanjing Putian Telecommunications (SZSE:200468), Chengdu Putian Telecommunication Cables (HKEX:1202) and Eastcompeace Technology (SZSE:002017).
<Vathek>	Vathek (alternatively titled Vathek, an Arabian Tale or The History of the Caliph Vathek) is a Gothic novel written by William Beckford. It was composed in French beginning in 1782, and then translated into English by Reverend Samuel Henley in which form it was first published in 1786 without Beckford's name as An Arabian Tale, From an Unpublished Manuscript, claiming to be translated directly from Arabic. The first French edition, titled simply as Vathek, was published in December 1786 (postdated 1787). In the twentieth century some editions include The Episodes of Vathek (Vathek et ses épisodes), three related tales intended by Beckford to be so incorporated, but omitted from the original edition and published separately long after his death.Vathek capitalised on the eighteenth- (and early nineteenth-) century obsession with all things Oriental (see Orientalism), which was inspired by Antoine Galland's translation of The Arabian Nights (itself retranslated, into English, in 1708). Beckford was also influenced by similar works from the French writer Voltaire. His originality lay in combining the popular Oriental elements with the Gothic stylings of Horace Walpole's The Castle of Otranto (1764). The result stands alongside Walpole's novel and Mary Shelley's Frankenstein (1818) in the first rank of early Gothic fiction.
<Vilanovense_F.C.>	Vilanovense Futebol Clube is a Portuguese football club based in Vila Nova de Gaia, Porto District. Their traditional kit consists in a striped black and red jersey, black shorts as well as black socks. An historic team from the Porto FA, they extinguished  their senior football team due to financial debt. A new team Vila FC was created in 2010 to continue the club's traditions.In the higher national division, one of the participation was the Terceira Divisão which was in the 1993–94 season (13th, 34 pts) and again in the 1994–95 season.
<Barnard_Hughes>	Bernard Aloysius Kiernan Hughes (July 16, 1915 – July 11, 2006), known professionally as Barnard Hughes, was an American actor of television, theater and film. Hughes became famous for a variety of roles; his most notable roles came after middle age, and he was often cast as a dithering authority figure or grandfatherly elder.Hughes was born in Bedford Hills, New York, the son of Irish immigrants Marcella "Madge" (née Kiernan) and Owen Hughes. He attended La Salle Academy and Manhattan College in New York City.  Hughes served in the United States Army during World War II.  Hughes was married to actress Helen Stenborg. They married on April 19, 1950, and remained married until his death. Hughes was five days shy of his 91st birthday when he died. The Hugheses had two children, the theatre director Doug Hughes, and a daughter, Laura. Hughes and his wife are interred at Church of the Transfiguration, Episcopal (Manhattan) in New York City.
<Jay_Nordlinger>	Jay Nordlinger (born November 21, 1963) is an American journalist. He is a senior editor of National Review, and a book fellow of the National Review Institute. He is also a music critic for The New Criterion and The Conservative.In the 1990s, Nordlinger worked for The Weekly Standard magazine. In the 2000s, he was music critic for the New York Sun. Nordlinger grew up in Ann Arbor, Michigan, which he refers to as a left-leaning "Citadel of the Left," and opines about in his political columns. His father worked in the education sector and his mother was an artist. He graduated from the University of Michigan and, for a while, attended Harvard University as a graduate student.
<San_Mateo,_Boyacá>	San Mateo is a town and municipality in the Northern Boyacá Province, part of the Colombian department of Boyacá. The urban centre is located at an altitude of 2,500 metres (8,200 ft) in the Eastern Ranges of the Colombian Andes. San Mateo borders Guacamayas, Panqueba and El Cocuy in the east, Boavita in the west, Macaravita, Santander in the north and La Uvita in the south.Before 1914, San Mateo was called La Capilla. It received its present name honouring the San Mateo field, where Antonio Ricaurte, hero of the Independence of Colombia died for the fatherland.The history of San Mateo is not well documented. The foundation of the town has been attributed by Ramón Correa to Archbishop of Bogotá Antonio Caballero y Góngora on September 21, 1773, while Caballero was working in Córdoba, Spain. Little data exists in the archives for the tumultuous period of civil wars of the republican era.
<Basil_Bunting>	Basil Cheesman Bunting (1 March 1900 – 17 April 1985) was a British modernist poet whose reputation was established with the publication of Briggflatts in 1966, generally regarded as one of the major achievements of the modernist tradition in English. He had a lifelong interest in music that led him to emphasise the sonic qualities of poetry, particularly the importance of reading poetry aloud. He was an accomplished reader of his own work.Born into a Quaker family in Benwell and Scotswood, Newcastle-on-Tyne, Northumberland, he studied at two Quaker schools: from 1912 to 1916 at Ackworth School in the West Riding of Yorkshire and from 1916 to 1918 at Leighton Park School in Berkshire. His Quaker education strongly influenced his pacifist opposition to the First World War, and in 1918 he was arrested as a conscientious objector having been refused recognition by the tribunals and refusing to comply with a notice of call-up. Handed over to the military, he was court-martialled for refusing to obey orders, and served a sentence of more than a year in Wormwood Scrubs and Winchester prisons. Bunting's friend Louis Zukofsky described him as a "conservative/anti-fascist/imperialist", though Bunting himself listed the major influences on his artistic and personal outlook somewhat differently as "Jails and the sea, Quaker mysticism and socialist politics, a lasting unlucky passion, the slums of Lambeth and Hoxton ..."
<Elizabeth_Blackburn>	Elizabeth Helen Blackburn, AC FRS FAA FRSN (born 26 November 1948) is an Australian-American Nobel laureate who is the former president of the Salk Institute for Biological Studies. Previously she was a biological researcher at the University of California, San Francisco, who studied the telomere, a structure at the end of chromosomes that protects the chromosome. In 1984, Blackburn co-discovered telomerase, the enzyme that replenishes the telomere, with Carol W. Greider. For this work, she was awarded the 2009 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, sharing it with Greider and Jack W. Szostak, becoming the first Australian woman Nobel laureate. She also worked in medical ethics, and was controversially dismissed from the Bush administration's President's Council on Bioethics.Elizabeth Helen Blackburn, one of seven children, was born in Hobart, Tasmania, on 26 November 1948 to parents who were both family physicians. Her family moved to the city of Launceston when she was four, where she attended the Broadland House Church of England Girls' Grammar School (later amalgamated with Launceston Church Grammar School) until the age of sixteen. Upon her family's relocation to Melbourne, she attended University High School, and ultimately gained very high marks in the end-of-year final statewide matriculation exams. She went on to earn a Bachelor of Science in 1970 and Master of Science in 1972, both from the University of Melbourne in the field of biochemistry. Blackburn then went to receive her PhD in 1975 from Darwin College at the University of Cambridge, where she worked with Frederick Sanger developing methods to sequence DNA using RNA, as well as studying the bacteriophage Phi X 174. It was also here, the Medical Research Council (MRC) Laboratory of Molecular Biology at Cambridge University, where Blackburn met her husband John Sedat. Blackburn's soon to be husband had taken a position at Yale, where she then decided to finish her postdoctoral. "Thus it was that love brought me to a most fortunate and influential choice: Joe Gall’s lab at Yale".
<The_Triumph_of_Cleopatra>	The Triumph of Cleopatra, also known as Cleopatra's Arrival in Cilicia and The Arrival of Cleopatra in Cilicia, is an oil painting by English artist William Etty. It was first exhibited in 1821, and is now in the Lady Lever Art Gallery in Port Sunlight, Merseyside. During the 1810s Etty had become widely respected among staff and students at the Royal Academy of Arts, in particular for his use of colour and ability to paint realistic flesh tones. Despite having exhibited at every Summer Exhibition since 1811, he attracted little commercial or critical interest. In 1820, he exhibited The Coral Finder, which showed nude figures on a gilded boat. This painting attracted the attention of Sir Francis Freeling, who commissioned a similar painting on a more ambitious scale.The Triumph of Cleopatra illustrates a scene from Plutarch's Life of Antony and Shakespeare's Antony and Cleopatra, in which Cleopatra, Queen of Egypt, travels to Tarsus in Cilicia aboard a magnificently decorated ship to cement an alliance with the Roman general Mark Antony. An intentionally cramped and crowded composition, it shows a huge group of people in various states of undress, gathering on the bank to watch the ship's arrival; another large number is on board. Although not universally admired in the press, the painting was an immediate success, making Etty famous almost overnight. Buoyed by its reception, Etty devoted much of the next decade to creating further history paintings containing nude figures, becoming renowned for his combination of nudity and moral messages.
<Heinz_Hofschneider>	Heinz Sablan Hofschneider (born July 1, 1957) is a politician from the Northern Mariana Islands. Hofschneider served as the Speaker of the Northern Mariana Islands House of Representatives from 2002 to 2004 and is a four-time candidate for Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands.Heinz Sablan Hofschneider was born July 1, 1957 in Saipan to William  Villagomez  Hofschneider and Primitiba Roberto Sablan. He attended Menlo College in Atherton, California for two years. Due to the cost, he transferred to California State University at Los Angeles. At Cal State, he majored in health sciences then worked as a physician assistant.Hofschneider was first elected to the Northern Mariana Islands House of Representatives in the 1991 general election. He finished second for six seats in the third district. Later that year, after Governor Larry Guerrero purchased a $5 million generator from Mitsubishi without a budget appropriation, Hofschneider was one of three legislators to speak of impeaching the Governor. Subsequently, his home was attacked in a drive-by shooting. After the House dropped the impeachment inquiry one month after the shotting, Hofschneider attempted an audit of Mitsubishi. The audit revealed Guerrero misappropriated funds.
<Louis_Pieri>	Louis Arthur Raymond Pieri (February 23, 1897 – June 16, 1967) was an American basketball and ice hockey executive and coach.In 1929 he was named general manager of the Providence Reds. The team became a charter member of the American Hockey League in 1936. Under his leadership, the Reds won eight AHL division titles and four Calder Cup championships (1938, 1940, 1949, 1956).The American Hockey League presents the Louis A.R. Pieri Memorial Award annually to its outstanding coach. Pieri was inducted into the American Hockey League Hall of Fame in 2009 and the Rhode Island Hockey Hall of Fame in 2018.
<Hanna_(film)>	Hanna is a 2011 action thriller film directed by Joe Wright. The film stars Saoirse Ronan as the title character, a girl raised in the wilderness of northern Finland by her father, an ex-CIA operative (Eric Bana), who trains her as an assassin. Cate Blanchett portrays a senior CIA agent who tries to track down and eliminate the girl and her father. The soundtrack was written by The Chemical Brothers.Hanna was released in North America in April 2011 and in Europe in May 2011. It received generally positive reviews. Reviewers praised the performances of Ronan and Blanchett as well as the action sequences and themes.
<Kent_Smith>	Frank Kent Smith (March 19, 1907 – April 23, 1985) was an American actor who had a lengthy career in film, theatre and television.Smith was the son of Mr. and Mrs. James E. Smith. He was born in New York City and was educated at Lincoln School, Phillips Exeter Academy in Exeter, New Hampshire, and at Harvard University.Smith's early acting experience started in 1925 when he was one of the founders of the Harvard University Players, which later included Henry Fonda, James Stewart, Joshua Logan and Margaret Sullavan in Falmouth, Massachusetts. Smith's stock experience included productions with the Maryland Theatre in Baltimore. His professional acting debut was in 1929 in Blind Window in Baltimore. He made his Broadway acting debut in 1932 in Men Must Fight. He appeared on Broadway in Measure for Measure, Sweet Love Remembered, The Best Man, Ah, Wilderness!, Dodsworth (1934), Saint Joan (1936), Old Acquaintance (1941), Antony and Cleopatra (1948) and Bus Stop (1956).
<John_R._Pierce>	John Robinson Pierce (March 27, 1910 – April 2, 2002), was an American engineer and author. He did extensive work concerning radio communication, microwave technology, computer music, psychoacoustics, and science fiction. Additionally to his professional career he wrote science fiction for many years using the names John Pierce, John R. Pierce, and J. J. Coupling. Born in Des Moines, Iowa, he earned his PhD from Caltech, and died in Sunnyvale, California, from complications of Parkinson's Disease.Pierce wrote about electronics and information theory, and developed jointly the concept of pulse-code modulation (PCM) with his Bell Laboratories colleagues Bernard M. Oliver and Claude Shannon. He supervised the Bell Labs team which built the first transistor, and at the request of one of them, Walter Brattain, invented the term transistor; he recalled:
<Allen_Carr>	Allen John Carr (2 September 1934 – 29 November 2006) was a British author of books about stopping smoking and other psychological dependencies including alcohol addiction.Born in Putney, London, Carr started smoking cigarettes while doing National Service aged 18. He qualified as an accountant in 1958.Carr finally stopped smoking on 15 July 1983, aged 48, after a visit to a hypnotherapist. However, it wasn't the hypnotherapy itself that enabled him to stop – "I succeeded in spite of and not because of that visit" and "I lit up the moment I left the clinic and made my way home...". There were two key pieces of information that enabled Carr to stop later that day. First, the hypnotherapist told him smoking was "just nicotine addiction", which Carr had never perceived before that moment, i.e. that he was an addict. Second, his son John lent him a medical handbook which explained that the physical withdrawal from nicotine is just like an "empty, insecure feeling". He claims that these two realisations crystallised in his mind just how easy it was to stop and so then enabled him to follow an overwhelming desire to explain his method to as many smokers as possible.
<Fidelity_Building_(Baltimore)>	The Fidelity Building is a 15-story, 67 m (220 ft)  high rise building in the  central business district of Baltimore, Maryland. Completed in 1894,  it was later the headquarters of the Fidelity and Deposit Company of Baltimore which was founded in 1892.Located at the rise of Cathedral Hill at the northwest corner of North Charles Street and West Lexington Street on the eastern edge of the city's main live and movie theatre district along West Lexington and the department store/retail shopping area focused several blocks west at Howard and Lexington Streets. It also is situated at the south end of the tony Victorian-era residential townhouses and mansions of the neighborhood of Mount Vernon-Belvedere, centered by the landmark Washington Monument several blocks north, visible from the F. & D.'s front doors. The building's architectural style is Romanesque Revival. The building designed by the prominent local architectural firm of Baldwin & Pennington, composed of leading regional designers, Ephraim Francis Baldwin, (1837–1916) and Josias Pennington, (1854–1929) - main "house architects" for stations and structures of the dominant Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. B. & P. used steel cage framing construction with a grey, rough-cut granite facing. The original roof had French dormers and mansard roof (evoking French Second Empire styling  and a southeast corner cupola/tower.The building is used for business by Fidelity. The building originally contained eight floors with a façade of grey granite, with a corner cupola tower and mansard roof. It stood on the northwestern edge of the famous "burnt district" of the February 1904 Great Baltimore Fire which destroyed numerous downtown and waterfront buildings and skyscrapers up to across the street. Following the initial reconstruction phase of 1905–1910, when several recently built downtown towers were burned out, but their steel skeletons and concrete foundations/floors and floors survived structurally sound and were rebuilt with new interiors and masonry facades. So F. & D. under the leadership of founder and president Edwin Warfield, (1848–1920), former 45th governor of Maryland, made arrangements between 1912 and 1915, reflecting the continued growth of the company to add seven more floors were added to the top of the building, increasing the number of floors to fifteen, with the upper storied covered with a surface of terra-cotta, matching the style of the original architecture below.
<Jocelyn_Lane>	Jocelyn "Jackie" Lane (born 16 May 1937) is a former actress and model of the 1950s and 1960s. She was married to Prince Alfonso of Hohenlohe-Langenburg.Lane was born as Jocelyn Olga Bolton in Vienna, Austria in 1937. She is the youngest daughter of Russian-born pianist mother Olga Mironova and English father Briton John Bolton, who worked for an American oil firm; he later died in a car crash in the US. She was educated in New Rochelle, New York, in the United States. At the age of 14, she moved to Britain, where she received dance training. Her older sister Mara Lane was a well-known British model and actress in the 1950s.
<Florence_Lawrence>	Florence Lawrence (born Florence Annie Bridgwood; January 2, 1886 – December 28, 1938) was a Canadian-American stage performer and film actress. She is often referred to as the "first movie star", and was thought to be the first film actor to be named publicly until evidence published in 2019 indicated that the first named film star was French actor Max Linder. At the height of her fame in the 1910s, she was known as the "Biograph Girl" for work as one of the leading ladies in silent films from the Biograph Company. She appeared in almost 300 films for various motion picture companies throughout her career.Born Florence Annie Bridgwood in Hamilton, Ontario, she was youngest of three children of George Bridgwood, an English-born carriage builder and Charlotte "Lotta" Bridgwood (née Dunn), a vaudeville actress. Charlotte Bridgwood had emigrated to Canada from Ireland after the Great Famine with her family as a child. She was known professionally as Lotta Lawrence and was the leading lady and director of the Lawrence Dramatic Company. At the age of three, Lawrence made her debut onstage with her mother in a song and dance routine. When she was old enough to memorize lines of dialogue, she performed with her mother and other members of the Lawrence Dramatic Company in dramatic plays. After performing tear-jerking dramas like Dora Thorne and East Lynne began to depress Lawrence, her mother dropped them from the company's repertoire. While Lawrence performed on stage at the behest of her mother, she recalled that she enjoyed the work but did not like the traveling that all vaudeville performers were required to do. By the age of six, Lawrence had earned the nickname "Baby Flo, the Child Wonder".
<EverBank_Field>	TIAA Bank Field is an American football stadium located in Jacksonville, Florida, that primarily serves as the home facility of the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League (NFL) and the headquarters of the professional wrestling promotion All Elite Wrestling (AEW).The stadium opened in 1995 as Jacksonville Municipal Stadium on the site of the old Gator Bowl Stadium (erected 1927), and included some portions of the older stadium. Located on the St. Johns River, it sits on 10 acres (4.0 ha) of land in downtown Jacksonville. In addition to hosting the Jaguars, the stadium is regularly used for college football, concerts, and other events. It is the regular site of the annual Florida–Georgia game, a college football rivalry game between the University of Florida and the University of Georgia. The stadium is also the home of the annual Gator Bowl, a post-season college bowl game. Additionally, the stadium hosted Super Bowl XXXIX in 2005 and is one of the venues used by the United States men's national soccer team.
<Standard_Liège>	Royal Standard de Liège, commonly referred to as Standard Liège (French: [stɑ̃daʁ ljɛʒ]; Dutch: Standard Luik [ˈstɑndɑrt ˈlœyk]; German: Standard Lüttich [ˈstandaʁt ˈlʏtɪç, ˈʃtan-]) or simply Standard in Belgium, is a Belgian professional football club based in the city of Liège. They are one of the most successful clubs in Belgium, having won the Belgian league on ten occasions, most recently in 2007–08 and 2008–09. They have been in the top flight without interruption since 1921, longer than any other Belgian side. They have also won eight Belgian Cups, and in 1981–82 they reached the final of the European Cup Winners' Cup, which they lost 2–1 against Barcelona.Standard players are nicknamed les Rouches [le ʁuʃ] because of their red jerseys. The French word for red, rouge, when pronounced with a Liège accent, sounds like rouche.
<Simon_Walton>	Simon William Walton (born 13 September 1987) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Havant & Waterlooville. He has played in the Football League for Leeds United, Ipswich Town, Cardiff City, Queens Park Rangers, Hull City, Plymouth Argyle, Blackpool, Crewe Alexandra, Stevenage, and Crawley Town. Walton was capped by England at under-16, under-17 and under-19 level.Born in Sherburn-in-Elmet, Walton started his career at hometown club Leeds United. He came to attention after being sent off in a pre-season friendly against Valencia in 2004, whilst still just sixteen. He was likened to former Elland Road heroes Alan Smith and David Batty.[citation needed] He made his competitive debut on 7 August 2004 against Derby County, and went on to score three goals in the 2004–05 season, Leeds' first in the Championship. Walton struggled to break into the first team during the 2005–06 season with his only appearances coming after injuries to Sean Gregan, Shaun Derry, Jonathan Douglas and Gylfi Einarsson.
<Thomas_More>	Sir Thomas More (7 February 1478 – 6 July 1535), venerated in the Catholic Church as Saint Thomas More, was an English lawyer, judge, social philosopher, author, statesman, and noted Renaissance humanist. He also served Henry VIII as Lord High Chancellor of England from October 1529 to May 1532. He wrote Utopia, published in 1516, which describes the political system of an imaginary island state.More opposed the Protestant Reformation, directing polemics against the theology of Martin Luther, Huldrych Zwingli, John Calvin and William Tyndale. More also opposed Henry VIII's separation from the Catholic Church, refusing to acknowledge Henry as supreme head of the Church of England and the annulment of his marriage to Catherine of Aragon. After refusing to take the Oath of Supremacy, he was convicted of treason and executed. On his execution, he was reported to have said: "I die the King's good servant, and God's first".
<Insomniac_Games>	Insomniac Games, Inc. is an American video game developer based in Burbank, California and a studio of PlayStation Studios. It was founded in 1994 by Ted Price as Xtreme Software, and was renamed Insomniac Games a year later. The company is most known for developing several early PlayStation mascots, Spyro the Dragon, Ratchet and Clank, as well as the Resistance franchise, 2014's Sunset Overdrive and the Marvel's Spider-Man series with Marvel Games. In 2019, the studio was acquired by Sony Interactive Entertainment, becoming a part of SIE Worldwide Studios (now known as PlayStation Studios).The company's first project was Disruptor, for PlayStation, whose poor sales almost led to the company's bankruptcy. Insomniac's next project was Spyro the Dragon, a successful video game that spawned two sequels within two years. Insomniac closely collaborated with Sony Computer Entertainment (later renamed Sony Interactive Entertainment) and created two game franchises, Ratchet & Clank, and Resistance. The two franchises proved to be both a critical and financial success for the company. The company began work on its first multiplatform game Fuse in 2013 (with Electronic Arts as its publisher), but the game turned out to become one of Insomniac's worst-reviewed games.
<Lexington,_Virginia>	Lexington is an independent city in the Commonwealth of Virginia. At the 2020 census, the population was 7,320. It is the county seat of Rockbridge County, although the two are separate jurisdictions. The Bureau of Economic Analysis combines the city of Lexington (along with nearby Buena Vista) with Rockbridge County for statistical purposes. Lexington is about 57 miles (92 km) east of the West Virginia border and is about 50 miles (80 km) north of Roanoke, Virginia. It was first settled in 1778.Lexington is the location of the Virginia Military Institute (VMI) and of Washington and Lee University (W&L).
<Erton_Fejzullahu>	Erton Fejzullahu (born 9 April 1988) is a professional former footballer who played as a striker. He previously represented Sweden at youth and full international level before making his debut for the Kosovo national team in 2016.Fejzullahu was born in Mitrovica, SFR Yugoslavia. He came to Sweden as a three-year-old and grew up in the town of Karlshamn. He holds Kosovan, Albanian and Swedish passports.
<J._Morris_Foster>	J. Morris Foster (September 9, 1881 – April 24, 1966) was an American actor of the silent era. He appeared in more than 70 films between 1914 and 1923. He was born in Foxbert, Pennsylvania and died in Burbank, California.This article about a United States film actor born in the 1880s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Eric_van_Tijn>	Eric Job van Tijn (born 2 November 1956, in Amsterdam) is a Dutch music producer and judge on the Dutch versions of the music competitions  Idols and X Factor.He comes from a musical family. His parents Eli and Lena van Tijn founded Artisound the year he was born and he grew up around the studio. In his youth, and during school years, he played in various bands. He also studied composition, arrangement and playing the piano in the conservatory.His initial musical work was producing Patricia Paay. Soon after, he arranged and produced for the Dutch television show De Familie Knots, which resulted in an album also produced by him. It was also the beginning of a long-running cooperation with Jochem Fluitsma. The two became known as Fluitsma & Van Tijn, they went on to produce many hits interpreted by The Scene, Guus Meeuwiss & Vagant, Loïs Lane, De Kast, Willeke Alberti, the Dolly Dots and Mathilde Santing. Other credits include Mai Tai, Henk Westbroek, Caught in the Act, Jazzpolitie, the trio Linda, Roos & Jessica, the band 4 Fun, Hind Laroussi and Status Quo. Their biggest hit came through a promotional song 15 Miljoen Mensen (meaning 15 million people) for the Dutch bank Postbank N.V.
<House_Husbands>	House Husbands is an Australian television comedy drama. The show debuted on the Nine Network on 2 September 2012. Set in Melbourne, House Husbands stars Firass Dirani, Gyton Grantley, Rhys Muldoon and Gary Sweet as four fathers who stay at home to raise their children. The program also focuses on their interconnected families and friends. In 2013, House Husbands won Most Popular Drama Series at the 2013 Logie Awards. In February 2018, Nine confirmed the series would not be returning for a sixth season and was officially cancelled.On 6 May 2012, the Nine Network announced it had commissioned House Husbands, a ten-part comedy-drama about the issues of changing gender roles. The series focuses on four modern families where the men are in charge of raising the children. Nine's director of television, Michael Healy, stated "House Husbands is a fresh and dynamic look at Australian family life, with a very modern twist. Audiences will fall in love with our characters as they deal with the challenges of raising families in today's hectic world." House Husbands was conceived by Ellie Beaumont and Drew Proffitt. It was directed by Geoff Bennett and Shirley Barrett with Jo Rooney, Andy Ryan and Playmaker Media's David Maher and David Taylor serving as executive producers. House Husbands received funding from Screen Australia and filming on the series commenced at the end of May.
<Murray_Gell-Mann>	Murray Gell-Mann (/ˈmʌri ˈɡɛl ˈmæn/; September 15, 1929 – May 24, 2019) was an American physicist who received the 1969 Nobel Prize in Physics for his work on the theory of elementary particles. He was the Robert Andrews Millikan Professor of Theoretical Physics Emeritus at the California Institute of Technology, a distinguished fellow and one of the co-founders of the Santa Fe Institute, a professor of physics at the University of New Mexico, and the Presidential Professor of Physics and Medicine at the University of Southern California.Gell-Mann spent several periods at CERN, a nuclear research facility in Switzerland, among others as a John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation fellow in 1972.
<Ichiro_Suzuki>	MLBIchiro Suzuki /ˈiːtʃɪroʊ suːˈzuːki/ (鈴木 一朗, Suzuki Ichirō, born 22 October 1973), also known mononymously as Ichiro (イチロー, Ichirō), is a Japanese former professional baseball outfielder who played professionally for 28 seasons. He played nine years of his career with the Orix BlueWave of Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB), where he began his career, and 14 with the Seattle Mariners of Major League Baseball (MLB). After playing the first 12 years of his MLB career for the Mariners, Suzuki played two and a half seasons with the New York Yankees and three with the Miami Marlins. He returned to the Mariners for his final two seasons.
<University_of_Catania>	The University of Catania (Italian: Università degli Studi di Catania) is a university located in Catania, Sicily. Founded in 1434, it is the oldest university in Sicily, the 13th oldest in Italy, and the 29th oldest university in the world. With a population of over 60,000 students, it is the main university in Sicily.Following the Italian higher education reform introduced by the law 240/10 and adopted by the University of Catania in its new statute, faculties have been deactivated and departments have been reorganized. The University of Catania now has 17 departments, the Faculty of Medicine, and two special didactic units established in the decentralized offices of Ragusa (Modern Languages) and Syracuse (Architecture). that, additionally to the traditional assignments of scientific research, are in charge of the organization and management of educational activities. A special didactic unit is also the school of excellence "Scuola Superiore di Catania", a higher education centre of the University of Catania conceived in 1998 to select the best young minds and offer them a course of studies including analysis, research and experimentation.The university was founded by King Alfonso I of Sicily on 19 October 1434. A charter was granted after two royal councillors (Adamo Asmundo and Battista Platamone) convinced the king to accept the founding of a Studium Generale in Catania, with the papal recognition arriving ten years later from Pope Eugene IV (18 April 1444). Alfonso V with this gesture wanted to compensate the city (in which there had been recently established the royal court) for moving the Sicilian capital from Catania to Palermo. The activity of the Atheneum actually started a year later, in 1445, with six professors and ten students. The first four faculties were Medicine, Philosophy, Canon and Civil Law and Theology. Lessons were initially held in a building in Piazza del Duomo, next to the Cathedral of Sant'Agata, and eventually moved to the Palazzo dell'Università in the late 1690s. This building remains the office of the rector of the university to this day. The first degree was awarded to Antonio Mantello, from Syracuse, in 1449. During the course of the 16th century, approximately 20-25 degrees were awarded each year. The university (which from the 16th century was referred to as Siculorum Gymnasium) was named Studium Generale because it was the only entity that could release degrees equal to those released in the old Studia of Salamanca, Valladolid, Bologna and this contributed to spread envy in the other Sicilian cities that in culture and traditions didn't feel inferior to Catania. In 1934, the university celebrated its 500th anniversary with King Vittorio Emanuele III of Italy, and, in 1984 the 550th one.
<Joy_Philbin>	Bette Joy Philbin (née Senese; born February 1, 1941) is an American television personality, and the widow of television personality Regis Philbin.In the late 1960s, Senese worked as an assistant to comedian and talk show host Joey Bishop. Regis Philbin was Bishop's on-air sidekick.Many years later, after raising children, Philbin hosted HGTV's At Home With... and the syndicated home show, Haven.  She occasionally co-hosted with her husband on his show, Live with Regis and Kathie Lee (1988–2001), and she also occasionally co-hosted with him on Live with Regis and Kelly  in Kelly Ripa's absence, until he retired. She also guest-starred with her husband on Ripa's situation-comedy television series Hope & Faith (2003–2006).
<D._Imman>	Immanuel Vasanth Dinakaran (born 24 January 1983), better known as D. Imman, is an Indian film composer and singer, predominantly working in Tamil cinema. Also worked in Kannada, Malayalam, Telugu, and Hindi film industry. His first film as music director was Thamizhan in 2002. Since then he has composed music for more than 100 films. He is the fifth Tamil music composer to win the National Film Award for Best Music Direction. He has also won the Filmfare Awards South and he has received 4 Filmfare Awards South nominations. He has also won 1 Tamil Nadu State Film Award, 2 Vijay Awards, 1 Edison Award, 1 Ananda Vikadan Cinema Award and 1 Zee Tamil Award. D. Imman is appointed as the Ambassador for Tamil Chair in University Of Toronto, Canada (2019).Imman began work on music for films aged 15, apprenticing under music composers Mahesh Mahadevan and Adithyan by playing the keyboard. During this period, his work was noticed by television serial producer Kutty Padmini, who gave him the opportunity to work on the theme song and background music for the drama Krishnadasi, which began running in 2000. He subsequently began to get further work in the television circuit, garnering opportunities to score music for  Kolangal, Police Diary and Mandhira Vaasal.[citation needed] Kutty Padmini then gave him the chance to score music and compose songs for his first feature film, Kaadhale Swasam, a romantic film featuring Karthik and Meena.  Producer Venkateswaran, was impressed with Imman's work in the album, and gave him the opportunity to compose the music for Thamizhan (2002). The album won positive reviews, with the composer also featuring the voices of the lead actors Vijay and Priyanka Chopra for a particular song.
<Bigsby_Medal>	The Bigsby Medal is a medal of the Geological Society of London established by John Jeremiah Bigsby.  It is awarded for the study of American  geology.Source:The Geological Society
<Richard_Gilliland>	Richard Gilliland (January 23, 1950 – March 18, 2021) was an American television and movie actor, best known as JD Shackleford in Designing Women (1986–1992).Gilliland was born in Fort Worth, Texas. He attended high school in Overland Park, Kansas (Shawnee Mission South), graduating in 1968. He was active in plays and musicals. 
<Vivendi>	Vivendi SE is a French mass media holding company headquartered in Paris. Widely known as the owner of Gameloft, Groupe Canal+, Havas, Editis, Prisma Media, Vivendi Village and Dailymotion, the company has activities in television, film, video game, book publishing, print press, communication, tickets and video hosting services.Bolloré is the largest shareholder at approximately 30% of the company. Vivendi's chairman Yannick Bolloré is also CEO of Havas, which was spun-off from Vivendi in 2000 but has since become a subsidiary.
<Lynda_Resnick>	Lynda Rae Resnick (born 1943) is an American billionaire businesswoman. Resnick is married to Stewart Resnick, who is her business partner, and through their holding company The Wonderful Company, they own the POM Wonderful and Fiji Water brands, Wonderful Pistachios and Almonds, Wonderful Halos, JUSTIN Wines, Landmark Wines, JNSQ Wines and the Teleflora floral wire service company.Resnick was born Lynda Rae Harris to a Jewish family in Baltimore, Maryland, and raised in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Her father, Jack H. Harris, worked as a film distributor during the 1950s; he is known for producing The Blob, which later became a cult favorite. Her mother, Muriel (née Goodman), was an interior designer. Because of her father's occupation, Resnick, at the age of four, had a recurring role on The Horn & Hardart Children's Hour broadcast from WCAU-TV in Philadelphia. Resnick graduated from Harriton High School, and the family moved to southern California. After a brief stint at a local college, Resnick took a job at the in-house ad agency for Sunset House catalog. Resnick founded an advertising agency, Lynda Limited, at the age of 19.Resnick, then Lynda Sinay, began doing occasional work for the antiwar movement during the Vietnam War era. Her friend, Daniel Ellsberg, asked to use her copy machine on nights and weekends in order to distribute top-secret military documents. Ellsberg gave these documents to The New York Times, which then published them. Dubbed the Pentagon Papers, they detailed aspects of the war hidden from the public and damaged the credibility of the presidents involved. Resnick was designated an un-indicted co-conspirator for her role and pursued by prosecutors for two years. Legal actions were eventually dropped.
<Rudolf_Jaenisch>	Rudolf Jaenisch (born April 22, 1942) is a Professor of Biology at MIT and a founding member of the Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research.  He is a pioneer of transgenic science, in which an animal’s genetic makeup is altered. Jaenisch has focused on creating genetically modified mice to study cancer and neurological diseases.Jaenisch’s first breakthrough occurred in 1974 when he and Beatrice Mintz showed that foreign DNA could be integrated into the DNA of early mouse embryos. They injected retrovirus DNA into early mouse embryos and showed that leukemia DNA sequences had integrated into the mouse genome and also to its offspring. These mice were the first transgenic mammals in history.
<Blonde_Trouble>	Blonde Trouble is a 1937 American musical comedy film directed by George Archainbaud and starring Eleanore Whitney, Johnny Downs and Lynne Overman. Produced and distributed by Paramount Pictures, it is based on the plot of the 1929 musical June Moon by George S. Kaufman and Ring LardnerFred Stevens is an aspiring songwriter from Schenectady who journeys to New York City, hoping to make a name for himself.  On the train he meets dental assistant Edna Baker, and the two embark upon a friendship that evolves into her falling for him.  While struggling in Tin Pan Alley, Fred falls in with his composer partner's gold-digging sister-in-law Eileen.  Eileen really becomes interested when she finds out Fred is carrying his life savings.
<Europa_Europa>	Europa Europa (German: Hitlerjunge Salomon, lit. "Hitler Youth Salomon") is a 1990 historical war drama film directed by Agnieszka Holland, and starring Marco Hofschneider, Julie Delpy, Hanns Zischler, and André Wilms. It is based on the 1989 autobiography of Solomon Perel, a German Jewish boy who escaped the Holocaust by masquerading as a Nazi German and joining the Hitler Youth. Perel himself appears briefly as himself in the film's finale. The film’s title refers to World War II’s division of continental Europe, resulting in a constant national shift of allegiances, identities, and front lines. The film is an international co-production between the German company CCC Film and companies in France and Poland.The film is not to be confused with the 1991 Lars von Trier film Europa, which was released as Zentropa in the United States. Europa Europa won the Golden Globe Award for Best Foreign Language Film and received an Academy Award nomination for Best Adapted Screenplay in 1992.In 1938 Germany, thirteen-year-old Solomon "Solek" Perel is taking a bath on the eve of his bar mitzvah when Kristallnacht occurs. Solek evades the Nazis, but returns home to find his sister Berta has been killed. His father decides the Perel family will move to his birthplace of Łódź in central Poland, as he believes it will be safer there. Less than a year later, World War II begins with the German invasion of Poland. Solek's family decides he and his brother Isaak should flee to Eastern Europe. Isaak and Solek head for the eastern border of Poland, only to find that the Soviets have invaded. The brothers are separated and Solek ends up in a Soviet orphanage in Grodno with other Polish refugee children.
<Gwen_Welles>	Gwen Welles (born Gwen Goldberg, March 4, 1951 – October 13, 1993) was an American actress.Gwen Welles was born in Chattanooga, Tennessee, as Gwen Goldberg. She was the daughter of clothing designer Rebecca Welles and Barton Goldberg; her sisters were Elizabeth (Betsy) Goldberg Welles and Lori Yarom. Gwen graduated from University High School in Los Angeles, California[citation needed] and attended Vassar College. When she was 17, she worked as a dress salesperson.Welles's film debut was in A Safe Place (1971). In the early 1970s, she acted in two films for Roger Vadim during three years that she spent in France. She may be best remembered for her portrayal of untalented singer Sueleen Gay in Robert Altman's 1975 film Nashville, for which she was nominated for a BAFTA Award, for Best Supporting Actress. Welles also appeared in Altman's California Split (1974), as well as several films directed by Henry Jaglom, including New Year's Day (1989) and Eating (1990).
<Tasuku_Honjo>	Tasuku Honjo (本庶 佑, Honjo Tasuku, born January 27, 1942) is a Japanese physician-scientist and immunologist. He won the 2018 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine and is  best known for his identification of programmed cell death protein 1 (PD-1).He is also known for his molecular identification of cytokines: IL-4 and IL-5, as well as the discovery of activation-induced cytidine deaminase (AID) that is essential for class switch recombination and somatic hypermutation.He was elected as a foreign associate of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States (2001), as a member of German Academy of Natural Scientists Leopoldina (2003), and also as a member of the Japan Academy (2005).In 2018, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine along with James P. Allison. He and Allison together had won the 2014 Tang Prize in Biopharmaceutical Science for the same achievement.
<Walter_Eric_Spear>	Walter Eric Spear FRSE PhD FRS FInstP (20 January 1921 – 21 February 2008) was a German physicist noted for his pioneering work to help develop large area electronics and thin film displays. He was born in Frankfurt to a Jewish father and a Lutheran mother; by the time he finished his school examinations in 1938 life for Jews and people associated with Jews was becoming difficult.  With the support of friends and relatives in Britain, the family were able to move to London, where he arrived in 1938 "with a small suitcase and a large cello".Wanting to pursue a scientific career, Spear attended evening classes for the University of London entrance examination, which he passed before the family were interned on the Isle of Man as suspected Axis sympathisers. They were soon released, and Spear joined the Royal Pioneer Corps in 1940, later moving to the Royal Artillery where he became a Bombardier before being demobilized in 1946.
<Durham_University>	Durham University (legally the University of Durham) is a collegiate public research university in Durham, England, founded by an Act of Parliament in 1832 and incorporated by royal charter in 1837. It was the first recognised university to open in England for more than 600 years, after Oxford and Cambridge, and is thus one of the institutions to be described as the third-oldest university in England. As a collegiate university its main functions are divided between the academic departments of the university and its 17 colleges. In general, the departments perform research and provide teaching to students, while the colleges are responsible for their domestic arrangements and welfare.The university is a member of the Russell Group of British research universities after previously being a member of the 1994 Group. Durham is also affiliated with the regional N8 Research Partnership and international university groups including the Matariki Network of Universities and the Coimbra Group. The university estate includes 63 listed buildings, ranging from the 11th-century Durham Castle to a 1930s Art Deco chapel. The university also owns and manages the Durham World Heritage Site in partnership with Durham Cathedral. The university's ownership of the World Heritage Site includes Durham Castle, Palace Green, and the surrounding buildings including the historic Cosin's Library. It was Sunday Times University of the Year for 2005, and the Times and Sunday Times Sports University of the Year for 2015 and 2023, and was awarded a Queen's Anniversary Prize in 2018. Durham University Student Volunteering and Outreach was awarded the Queen's Award for Voluntary Service in 2020.
<Robert_Rodes_McGoodwin>	Robert Rhodes McGoodwin (July 6, 1886 – February 25, 1967) was an American architect and educator, best known for his suburban houses in the Chestnut Hill and Mount Airy sections of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He taught at University of Pennsylvania from 1910 to 1924, and served as a trustee of its School of Fine Arts from 1925 to 1959. McGoodwin was active in the Philadelphia Chapter of the American Institute of Architects, serving as its president in 1943.He was born in Bowling Green, Kentucky, and educated in Philadelphia, graduating from Central High School in 1902. He graduated from the University of Pennsylvania's Department of Architecture in 1907, and received an M.A. from Penn in 1908. He won the 1908 Cresson Traveling Scholarship in architecture, which he used to travel in Europe and study in Paris.Following his return to Philadelphia, he worked briefly for architect Horace Trumbauer. In 1910, he was commissioned by Dr. George Woodward to design about 180 houses in the Chestnut Hill section of Philadelphia until 1930. McGoodwin designed buildings for Woodward at "Cotswold Court," adjacent to Pastorius Park, including attached houses grouped to look like manor houses. He planned "French Village" (1924–29) for Woodward – a luxury housing development on the opposite side of the Cresheim Creek, in Mount Airy – and designed eight of its French-Norman-style buildings, including the gatehouses flanking Emlen Street and the gatehouse at McCallum Street. Additional houses were designed by architects Edmund B. Gilchrist and Willing, Sims & Talbutt.
<Ford_Taurus_(first_generation)>	The first-generation Ford Taurus and Mercury Sable are automobiles produced by Ford as the first of six generations of the Ford Taurus and Mercury Sable. Launched on December 26, 1985, as a 1986 model, the front-wheel-drive Taurus was a very influential design that is credited with saving Ford from bankruptcy, bringing many innovations to the marketplace and starting the trend towards aerodynamic design for the American automakers in the North American market. Ford of Europe had launched the 1980s move to aerodynamic design for the company with the 1982 Ford Sierra.Development for the first-generation Taurus started in the early 1980s to replace the Ford LTD, at the cost of billions of dollars, with a team led by the vice president in charge of car development Lewis Veraldi dubbed "Team Taurus." Ford was suffering from a lackluster product line from the late 1970s to the early 1980s, and then-chairman Philip Caldwell staked much of the finances and future of the company on Veraldi and his team's success, giving them unprecedented leeway in developing what would become the Taurus. The Taurus' development employed a strategy of teamwork and customer communication that would prove very influential for the automotive industry, as it consolidated all of Ford's designers, engineers, and marketing staff into a group who worked on the car collectively. The Taurus' development was initially kept very secret by Ford, and not much was revealed about the final Taurus until it was unveiled in 1985.After its release, the Taurus became a strong seller, as over 200,000 would be sold in the 1986 model year, and over a million were sold by 1989. This generation of Taurus garnered additional sales by its two variants: a Mercury version entitled the Sable, and a high-performance version entitled the SHO, and its engine and drivetrain would be used on the 1988 Lincoln Continental. This generation of Taurus continued with only minor changes until it was replaced in 1991 by the second-generation Ford Taurus. When production ended in 1991, more than 2,000,000 First-generation Tauruses had been sold.
<NASCAR_on_CBS>	NASCAR on CBS was the branding formerly used for broadcasts of NASCAR series races produced by CBS Sports, the sports division of the CBS television network in the United States from 1960 to 2000.Notes:The very first NASCAR races to ever be shown on television were broadcast by CBS. In February 1960, the network sent a "skeleton" production crew to Daytona Beach, Florida and the Daytona International Speedway to cover the Daytona 500's Twin 100 (now the Bluegreen Vacations Duel) qualifying races on February 12, 1960. The production crew also stayed to broadcast portions of the Daytona 500 itself, two days later. The event was hosted by John S. Palmer. CBS would continue to broadcast portions of races for the next 18 years, along with ABC and NBC.
<Disney_Interactive>	Disney Interactive is an American video game and internet company that oversaw various websites and interactive media owned by The Walt Disney Company.In December 1994, Disney announced that it was establishing a new division dedicated to publishing computer and video game console software, called Disney Interactive. The initial staff consisted of 200 newly hired employees. The company was formally established in mid-1995. On August 23, 1995, Disney Interactive formed Disney Online.
<Dragnet_(franchise)>	Dragnet is an American radio, television and film series, following the exploits of dedicated Los Angeles Police Department Detective Joe Friday and his partners, created by actor and producer Jack Webb. The show took its name from the police term "dragnet", a term for a system of coordinated measures for apprehending criminals or suspects.Dragnet is perhaps the most famous and influential police procedural crime drama in American media history. The series portrayed police work as dangerous and heroic, and helped shape public perception of law enforcement in the 20th century. Dragnet earned praise for improving the public opinion of police officers. Webb's aims in Dragnet were for realism and unpretentious acting.
<Charles_D'Ebro>	Charles Abraham D'Ebro (1850–1920) was a London-born architect who designed many important buildings in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia during the late Victorian and early Edwardian periods. Many of these buildings are now preserved under heritage laws. From 1881 to 1885, he enjoyed a very productive partnership with John Grainger, the designer of the Princes Bridge, with whom he had emigrated to Adelaide in 1877.D'Ebro was born 27 October 1850 at 10 Bury Street, Bloomsbury, London, the posthumous son of Charles D'Almandos D'Ebro, Baron and Chevalier, who died 16 August 1850,  and Frances, the daughter of the artist Justin McArthy. She remarried 30 May 1853, becoming the second wife of Abraham Cooper (1789–1868), R.A. D'Ebro married Blanche Mary Tracy (1859–1943) in 1891, and they had a daughter Ethel (Essa) in 1892. He apparently committed suicide in Perth, Western Australia on 23 June 1920.
<Rodney_Loudon>	Rodney Loudon FRS (born 25 July 1934) is a British physicist, best known for his work in quantum optics. He is an Emeritus Professor of Theoretical Physics at the University of Essex.Loudon attended the Bury Grammar School in Manchester. He received his Master of Arts and Doctor of Philosophy degrees from the University of Oxford, where he was a member of the Brasenose College.
<Adam_Curry>	Adam Clark Curry (born September 3, 1964) is an American podcaster, announcer, Internet entrepreneur and media personality, known for his stint as a VJ on MTV and being one of the first celebrities to personally create and administer Web sites.  Also known for co-hosting the No Agenda show, in the 2000s, he first became involved in podcasting, and has been called the 'Podfather' because of his efforts.Curry was born in Arlington, Virginia, but lived in Amstelveen, Netherlands, from 1972 to 1987. After a time working in Dutch pirate radio at Radio Picasso in Amstelveen and Radio Decibel [nl] in Amsterdam in the early 1980s under the pseudonym "John Holden", he got a break in broadcasting as the host of the Dutch weekly pop-music television program Countdown, and the English version of the same show, which was broadcast on pan-European music channel Music Box. He also hosted several other radio and television programs for the Dutch broadcast station Veronica. Aside Countdown, in the Netherlands Adam Curry is mostly known for his part in the Curry and Van Inkel radioshow (together with Dutch DJ Jeroen van Inkel), broadcast on Radio 3 for Veronica between 19:00 and 22:00 on Friday.In 1987, Curry became a VJ for MTV. Besides making spot appearances between music videos, he was also host of the programs Headbangers Ball and MTV Top 20 Video Countdown in which he interviewed stars like Michael Jackson and Paul McCartney. While working for MTV, he also did radio work, including drive-timehost for the New York City radio station WHTZ, and host of the national program HitLine USA.
<Goo_Goo_Dolls>	The Goo Goo Dolls are an American rock band formed in 1986 in Buffalo, New York, by guitarist/vocalist John Rzeznik, bassist/vocalist Robby Takac, and drummer George Tutuska.After starting off as a cover band and then developing a punk sound, The Goo Goo Dolls experienced mainstream success following the 1995 release of their breakthrough single, "Name". The band is renowned for its biggest hit, "Iris", released in 1998. The song spent nearly 12 straight months on the Billboard charts and held the number one position on the Hot 100 Airplay chart for 18 weeks. In October 2012, "Iris" was ranked #1 on Billboard's "Top 100 Pop Songs 1992–2012" chart. Other notable singles include "Slide", "Black Balloon", and "Broadway" from 1998's Dizzy Up the Girl; "Here Is Gone" from 2002's Gutterflower; and "Better Days", "Give a Little Bit", and "Stay with You" from 2006's Let Love In.
<Henrietta_Valor>	Henrietta Valor (née  Embick; April 28, 1935 – November 23, 2007) was an actress and singer who starred on Broadway in Jacques Brel is Alive and Well and Living in Paris, Half a Sixpence, Applause, and Annie.Henrietta Embick was born in New Cumberland, Pennsylvania on April 28, 1935. She earned her bachelor's degree in music and acting at Northwestern University in 1957. Additionally, she studied opera at the Music Academy of the West, which is located in Santa Barbara, California, with Lotte Lehmann in the late 1950s. She moved to Los Angeles in 1990. Valor died of complications from Alzheimer's disease on November 23, 2007.
<Wales_national_under-19_football_team>	The Wales national under-19 football team is the national under-19 football team of Wales and is run by the Football Association of Wales. The team competes in the UEFA European Under-19 Championship held every year.In 2019 the side qualified for the Elite Round of the European Under-19 Football Championship for the first time. In 2020 they qualified once again, after topping their qualifying group for the first time.
<Queens_Park_Rangers_F.C.>	Queens Park Rangers Football Club, commonly abbreviated to QPR, is a professional football club based in Shepherd's Bush, West London, England, which compete in the EFL Championship. After a nomadic early existence, they have played home matches at Loftus Road since 1917, other than two brief spells at the White City Stadium. They share rivalries with various other clubs, most notably they contest the West London derby.The club was founded as Christchurch Rangers in 1882 and took up their current name after merging with St Judes Institute four years later. Having won the West London League in 1898–99, they joined both the Southern League and Western League. Having won titles in both leagues, they were elected to the Football League in 1920. They played in the Third Division South until winning promotion as champions in 1947–48. Relegated in 1952, they won the Third Division and League Cup in the 1966–67 season under the stewardship of Alec Stock. Promoted from the Second Division in 1967–68, they were relegated after one season in the First Division. QPR won promotion again in 1972–73 and then were runners-up to the English football champions in 1975–76 after finishing one point behind Liverpool. Relegated in 1979, they reached the FA Cup final as a second tier club in 1982, losing to Tottenham Hotspur after a replay.
<Bruce_Medal>	The Catherine Wolfe Bruce Gold Medal is awarded every year by the Astronomical Society of the Pacific for outstanding lifetime contributions to astronomy. It is named after Catherine Wolfe Bruce, an American patroness of astronomy, and was first awarded in 1898.Source: Astronomical Society of the Pacific
<Colleen_Bell>	Colleen Bradley Bell (born January 30, 1967) is an American television producer known for her work on the soap opera The Bold and the Beautiful and for her involvement in various social issues. She was appointed Director of the California Film Commission by Governor Gavin Newsom on May 23, 2019. She was appointed United States Ambassador to Hungary by United States President Barack Obama and took office on January 21, 2015.Bell (née Bradley) was born in 1967 in Evanston, Illinois, to Sheila, an interior designer, and Edward Bradley, a lawyer.  Bell studied economics and political science at Sweet Briar College in Sweet Briar, Virginia, and graduated in 1989 with a bachelor's degree.Bell's television career began in 1991 at Bell-Phillip Television Productions, the production company for the CBS soap opera The Bold and the Beautiful. Bell served in various roles for the show, including script supervisor and director of special projects.  After leaving the show in 2000, she returned several years later as special projects director, and in 2011 led a project to overhaul and update all the fashion on the show, a critical aspect of production because the plot focuses on two rival fashion houses.  She became a full producer in 2012.  As producer, Bell has received three Daytime Emmy Award nominations when The Bold and the Beautiful was nominated for Outstanding Drama Series in 2013, 2014 and 2015.
<Roger_B._Taney>	Roger Brooke Taney (/ˈtɔːni/; March 17, 1777 – October 12, 1864) was the fifth chief justice of the United States, holding that office from 1836 until his death in 1864. Although an opponent of slavery, believing it to be an evil practice, Taney believed that it was not the place of the Court or the Federal Government to remedy the issue and that it was the Constitutional right of the states to deal with slavery individually and gradually. Taney infamously delivered the majority opinion in Dred Scott v. Sandford (1857), ruling that African Americans could not be considered U.S. citizens and that Congress could not prohibit slavery in the U.S. territories. Prior to joining the U.S. Supreme Court, Taney served as the U.S. Attorney General and U.S. Secretary of the Treasury under President Andrew Jackson. He was the first Catholic to serve on the Supreme Court.Taney was born into a wealthy, slave-owning family in Calvert County, Maryland. He won election to the Maryland House of Delegates as a member of the Federalist Party but later broke with the party over the War of 1812. After switching to the Democratic-Republican Party, Taney was elected to the Maryland Senate in 1816. He emerged as one of the most prominent attorneys in the state and was appointed as the Attorney General of Maryland in 1827. Taney supported Andrew Jackson's presidential campaigns in 1824 and 1828, and he became a member of Jackson's Democratic Party. After a cabinet shake-up in 1831, President Jackson appointed Taney as his attorney general. Taney became one of the most important members of Jackson's cabinet and played a major role in the Bank War. Beginning in 1833, Taney served as secretary of the treasury under a recess appointment, but his nomination to that position was rejected by the United States Senate.
<Oh!_Calcutta!>	Oh! Calcutta! is an avant-garde, risque theatrical revue created by British drama critic Kenneth Tynan. The show, consisting of sketches on sex-related topics, debuted Off-Broadway in 1969 and then in the West End in 1970. It ran in London for over 3,900 performances, and in New York initially for 1,314. Revivals enjoyed even longer runs, including a Broadway revival that ran for 5,959 performances, making the show the longest-running revue in Broadway history at the time.As of 2018, its revival was still the longest-running revue in Broadway history; the second longest-running revival, after Chicago; and the eighth longest-running Broadway show ever.The show sparked considerable controversy at the time due to its extended scenes of total nudity, both male and female. The title is taken from a painting by Clovis Trouille, itself a  pun on "O quel cul t'as! ", French for "Oh, what an arse you have!"
<Fernando_Alonso_(dancer)>	Fernando Alonso (17 December 1914 – 27 July 2013) was a Cuban ballet dancer. He is a co-founder of the Cuban National Ballet and was part of the American Ballet Theatre company between 1940 until 1948.Born as Fernando Juan Evangelista Eugenio de Jesús Alonso Rayneri in Havana, Cuba in 1914 to Matías Alonso Reverón and Laura Rayneri Piedra. His father worked as an accountant and his mother worked at a local cultural institution, Sociedad Pro-Arte Musical, within their household the arts were valued. By 1929, at age 15 both Fernando and his younger brother Alberto were sent to Mobile, Alabama in the United States, due to the country's political instability.He returned to Cuba in 1935 at the age of 21, and began his dancing career that year by enrolling in dance classes. In 1937 he married Alicia Martínez del Hoyo, a teenage ballet dancer. The new couple and Alonso's brother moved to New York City, hoping to begin their professional careers in the United States. In 1938, their child Laura was born.
<Mugi_Rekso_Abadi>	Mugi Rekso Abadi (MRA) is an Indonesian holding company with units in magazine publishing, luxury retail brands, hotels and restaurants, radio stations, and automotive companies. Founded in 1993, MRA Group is based in Jakarta.In 1993, MRA was founded by Soetikno Soedarjo, Adiguna Sutowo and Soetikno's then-wife Dian Muljadi Soedarjo (the daughter of pharmaceuticals tycoon Kartini Muljadi). The name Mugi Rekso Abadi is Javanese for "I hope it lasts forever". MRA was pre-dated by the establishment of Hard Rock Cafe Jakarta, which Adiguna and Soetikno had launched with an investment of 8 billion rupiah in 1992. The idea for Hard Rock Cafe Jakarta came from a conversation between Adiguna, Soetikno and Meuthia Kasim. Once MRA was established as a holding company, Soetikno later invested in a broadcast media division, creating Hard Rock FM Jakarta, followed by Hard Rock FM Bandung, and Hard Rock Radio Bali, i-Radio, MTV Radio, O Channel, and IP Entertainment. MRA also expanded into lifestyle magazines, imported luxury cars and restaurants. MRA's website states: "Leading the drive at MRA are energetic, dedicated executives, exemplified by Adiguna Sutowo & Soetikno Soedarjo.They embody the character of an excellent young management team: a sense of intelligent restlessness, they are on the move and look forward to new products, new concepts and fresh horizons." Adiguna was in 2005 sentenced to seven years in jail for murdering a waiter at Jakarta Hilton International hotel, and Soetikno was in 2020 sentenced to six years in jail for bribery.
<Edwin_McMillan>	Edwin Mattison McMillan (September 18, 1907 – September 7, 1991) was an American physicist credited with being the first-ever to produce a transuranium element, neptunium. For this, he shared the 1951 Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Glenn Seaborg.A graduate of California Institute of Technology, he earned his doctorate from Princeton University in 1933, and joined the Berkeley Radiation Laboratory, where he discovered  oxygen-15 and beryllium-10. During World War II, he first worked on microwave radar at the MIT Radiation Laboratory, and on sonar at the Navy Radio and Sound Laboratory. In 1942 he joined the Manhattan Project, the wartime effort to create atomic bombs, and he helped establish the project's Los Alamos Laboratory where the bombs were designed. He led teams working on the gun-type nuclear weapon design, and also participated in the development of the successful implosion-type nuclear weapon.
<Lucile_Browne>	Lucile Ruth Browne (March 18, 1907 – May 10, 1976) was an American film actress. She starred opposite John Wayne in the 1935 films Texas Terror and Rainbow Valley.The daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Harris L. Browne, she was born in Memphis, Tennessee, and moved to St. Petersburg, Florida in 1923. She began studying elocution when she was 10 years old, studied under an instructor from the University of Chicago, and attended Noyes School of Expression in Boston, Massachusetts. She was a 1925 graduate of St. Petersburg High School.
<Lenin_Prize>	The Lenin Prize (Russian: Ленинская премия, Leninskaya premiya) was one of the most prestigious awards of the Soviet Union for accomplishments relating to science, literature, arts, architecture, and technology. It was originally created on June 23, 1925 and awarded until 1934. During the period from 1935 to 1956, the Lenin Prize was not awarded, being replaced largely by the Stalin Prize. On August 15, 1956, it was reestablished, and continued to be awarded on every even-numbered year until 1990. The award ceremony was April 22, Vladimir Lenin's birthday.The Lenin Prize is different from the Lenin Peace Prize, which was awarded to foreign citizens rather than to citizens of the Soviet Union, for their contributions to the peace cause.  Also, the Lenin Prize should not be confused with the Stalin Prize or the later USSR State Prize. Some persons were awarded both the Lenin Prize and the USSR State Prize.On April 23, 2018, the head of the Ulyanovsk Oblast, Sergey Ivanovich Morozov, reintroduced the Lenin Prize for achievements in the humanities, literature, and art to coincide with the 150th birthday of Lenin in 2020.
<Herbert_Payne>	Herbert James Mockford Payne (17 August 1866 – 26 February 1944) was an Australian politician. He served as a Senator for Tasmania from 1920 to 1938 and as a member of the Tasmanian House of Assembly from 1903 to 1920.Payne was born in Hobart and worked as a draper in Burnie prior to entering politics. He was first elected to parliament at the 1903 state election and was known for his fiscal conservatism. He served as state treasurer and minister for agriculture and railways from 1912 to 1914. Payne was elected to the Senate at the 1919 federal election, representing the Nationalist Party. He won re-election twice, joining the United Australia Party (UAP) in 1931, but was defeated in 1937. He is primarily remembered for his role in the introduction of compulsory voting for federal elections, which became law in 1924 through his private senator's bill.
<Sega_Rally>	Sega Rally is a series of racing video games published by Sega and developed by several studios including Sega AM3, Sega and Sega Racing Studio.The series released its first title, Sega Rally Championship in 1994. Initially, Sega Rally Championship was exclusive to arcade genre. The titles consist of racing with different cars on various tracks.There have been five games released in the Sega Rally series. Two games were developed by Sega AM3, one was developed by Sega, and two were developed by Sega Racing Studio. The original game, designed by Tetsuya Mizuguchi, was released on the Model 2 board and became very popular in the arcades, later receiving a port to the Sega Saturn.
<F.C._Marco>	Futebol Clube do Marco was a Portuguese football team based in Marco de Canaveses, Porto District. Founded in 1927, it held home games at Estádio Municipal de Marco de Canaveses, which has a 10,000-seat capacity.Futebol Clube do Marco was founded on 25 May 1927. In 2000, it reached the second division for only the second time, being relegated at the end of the season, but immediately gaining promotion back.During four consecutive seasons, Marco competed in the second level. In 2004–05, it achieved its best ever classification in the category, finishing in fourth position, nine points behind last promotee C.F. Estrela da Amadora. In the following campaign, the club ended its Portuguese Cup run with a valiant display against eventual winners FC Porto, losing 0–1 away.
<Hendrik_Lorentz>	Hendrik Antoon Lorentz (/ˈlɒrənts/; 18 July 1853 – 4 February 1928) was a Dutch physicist who shared the 1902 Nobel Prize in Physics with Pieter Zeeman for the discovery and theoretical explanation of the Zeeman effect. He also derived the Lorentz transformation underpinning Albert Einstein's special theory of relativity, as well as the Lorentz force, which describes the combined electric and magnetic forces acting on a charged particle in an electromagnetic field. Lorentz was also responsible for the Lorentz oscillator model, a classical model used to describe the anomalous dispersion observed in dielectric materials when the driving frequency of the electric field was near the resonant frequency, resulting in abnormal refractive indices. According to the biography published by the Nobel Foundation, "It may well be said that Lorentz was regarded by all theoretical physicists as the world's leading spirit, who completed what was left unfinished by his predecessors and prepared the ground for the fruitful reception of the new ideas based on the quantum theory." He received many other honours and distinctions, including a term as chairman of the International Committee on Intellectual Cooperation, the forerunner of UNESCO, between 1925 and 1928.
<Eddie_Dee>	Eddie Alexander Ávila Ortiz (born April 26, 1977), originally known by his stage name Eddie Dee, is a Puerto Rican hip hop recording artist, lyricist and dancer. He began his career in 1990 and launched his debut studio album three years later. He became one of the more popular Urban artists from Puerto Rico after appearing on DJ Adam's Mad Jam vol. 2 in 1997.It featured the hit single "Señor Official". His following releases El Terrorista de la Lírica (2000) and Biografía (2001), too enjoyed underground success. The 2004 album 12 Discípulos is regarded as "the greatest reggaetón various artist album of all time". The album features songs by some of the most successful reggaetón artist, including the intro of the album, where they all come together as one to show that "unity is needed for the genre reggaetón to survive and evolve". It was a collaboration between eleven other artist including Daddy Yankee, Tego Calderon, Ivy Queen, and Vico C among others, who were among the most requested at the time. The track, known as "Los 12 Discípulos" or "Quítate Tu Pa' Ponerme Yo" reached number eight on the Billboard Tropical Songs chart, and was nominated for a 2005 Billboard Latin Music Award for "Tropical Airplay Track of the Year, New Artist". The album itself reached number one on the Billboard Tropical Albums chart for three nonconsecutive weeks.  Though retired since 2015, Eddie Dee is generally regarded within the worldwide Reggaeton and Spanish Hip Hop Communities as one of its most important and influential figures alongside the likes of Daddy Yankee, Vico C, Tego Calderon and Ivy Queen.  Tagwut is actually an album by DJ Black (frequent collaborator of Playero DJ), not Eddie Dee but he appears in it performing one of his hits 'Directamente Del Ghetto'.Eddie Dee was born Eddie Alexander Ávila Ortiz on April 26, 1977 to his mother Diomaris Ortiz and father Eddie Ávila. He began singing and composing songs at an early age before beginning his musical career in 1990, when he started to appear on television shows. His first encounter with fame was in 1987 when he was already famous in his neighbourhood because of his rapping. In 1991 he was one of the dancers in the Puerto Rican propaganda El Sida Está Cañón, led by the singer Ernesto Morales, a message to prevent AIDS. In 1993, he released his debut album Eddie & The Ghetto Crew. Following the album, he began gaining popularity within Puerto Rico by collaborating with other artists. In 1994 Eddie participated on a music video for Straight From The Ghetto, a mixtape by the producer DJ Guichy, being Edde's first participation on a music video. Eddie Dee became popular with the 1997 single "Señor Oficial," from DJ Adam's Compilation album Mad Jam vol. 2 'The Comeback', which detailed "the injustices that young Puerto Rican men suffered at the hands of the police." It was a commercial success reaching number one in Puerto Rico. The album gained him a "Puerto Rican Rap and Reggae Award for Best Lyrics" the same year.  Around this time as well, Eddie Dee participated in successful compilation albums from the Puerto Rican Hip Hop/Reggaeton scene such as 'Boricua Guerrero' and El Cartel de Yankee with the latter containing the successful single "¿Porque?".  In 1999 he helped a new rapper by supporting his work and recording with him on the song "En Peligro De Extinción", which was part of the track list of his next studio album: El Terrorista De La Lírica (which also includes the posthumous appearance of Frankie Ruiz, a famous American salsa singer, who died in 1998). That rapper was Tego Calderón at his very early beginning in the music industry, and in 2003 he gained international popularity after his first studio album, El Abayarde, which sold 300.000 copies worldwide.  Before the official release of "El Terrorista De La Lirica", Eddie Dee released the maxi-single "Amor Mio" containing a collaboration with Puerto Rican Reggae band Cultura Profética, two remixes, one by Nico Canada and another featuring Angel Lopez of Son by Four fame plus the song "Asi Yo Vivo" which was included on his 2nd album along with the Angel version.
<Missoula,_Montana>	Missoula (/mɪˈzuːlə/ (listen) miz-OO-lə; Séliš: Nłʔay, lit. 'Place of the Small Bull Trout'; Kutenai: Tuhuⱡnana) is a city in the U.S. state of Montana; it is the county seat of Missoula County. It is located along the Clark Fork River near its confluence with the Bitterroot and Blackfoot Rivers in western Montana and at the convergence of five mountain ranges, thus it is often described as the "hub of five valleys". The 2020 United States Census shows the city's population at 73,489 and the population of the Missoula Metropolitan Area at 117,922. After Billings, Missoula is the second-largest city and metropolitan area in Montana. Missoula is home to the University of Montana, a public research university.The Missoula area began seeing settlement by people of European descent in 1858 including William T. Hamilton, who set up a trading post along the Rattlesnake Creek, Captain Richard Grant, who settled near Grant Creek, and David Pattee, who settled near Pattee Canyon. Missoula was founded in 1860 as Hellgate Trading Post while still part of Washington Territory. By 1866, the settlement had moved east, 5 miles (8 km) upstream, and had been renamed Missoula Mills, later shortened to Missoula. The mills provided supplies to western settlers traveling along the Mullan Road. The establishment of Fort Missoula in 1877 to protect settlers further stabilized the economy. The arrival of the Northern Pacific Railway in 1883 brought rapid growth and the maturation of the local lumber industry. In 1893, the Montana Legislature chose Missoula as the site for the state's first university. Along with the U.S. Forest Service headquarters founded in 1908, lumber and the university remained the basis of the local economy for the next 100 years.
<Clean_Break_(TV_series)>	Clean Break is a drama series commissioned by RTÉ One and produced by Octagon Films. The four-part series premiered on 27 September 2015.Frank is a car dealer running out of fiscal rope. He kidnaps the local bank manager's family, which gets him into serious trouble.
<Dave_Amels>	Dave Amels (born 1960) co-founded music technology companies Voce musical instruments and Bomb Factory. Both companies are known for detailed and realistic mathematical models of complex physical systems. Amels also plays organ in The Reigning Sound, a garage rock band out of Asheville, North Carolina.Despite being an inventor of influential digital products, Dave, a garage rock fan and WFMU radio DJ, is famous for only using analog methods of recording.  He designed recording studios and custom analog electronics for high end studios.
<Borusa>	Borusa is a fictional character in the series Doctor Who, a member of the race of Time Lords from Gallifrey. Within the context of the series, Borusa is a former teacher of the Doctor who appears in four serials. Notably, Borusa was portrayed by a different actor in each appearance, it being implied that the character had regenerated.In The Deadly Assassin, it is established that Borusa is a member of the Prydonian Chapter and is said to have taught the Doctor in the Prydon Academy.
<Jane_Harman>	Jane Margaret Lakes Harman (born June 28, 1945) is the former U.S. Representative for California's 36th congressional district, serving from 1993 to 1999, and from 2001 to 2011; she is a member of the Democratic Party. Harman was the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee (2002–2006), and chaired the Homeland Security Committee's Intelligence Subcommittee (2007–2011). Resigning from Congress in February 2011, Harman became President and CEO of the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars. She succeeded former Congressman Lee H. Hamilton and was the first woman to lead the organization.  She stepped down in February 2021 after a decade, and is a Distinguished Scholar and President Emerita.Harman was born Jane Margaret Lakes in New York City, the daughter of Lucille (née Geier) and Adolf N. Lakes. Her father was born in Poland and escaped from Nazi Germany in 1935; he worked as a medical doctor. Her mother was born in the United States and was the first one in her family to receive college education. Her maternal grandparents immigrated from Russia. Harman's family moved to Los Angeles, California when she was 4 and there she attended Los Angeles public schools, graduating from University High School in 1962. She received a bachelor's degree in government, magna cum laude, from Smith College in 1966 and served as president of the Smith College Young Democrats. Harman continued her studies at Harvard Law School, where she earned her Juris Doctor degree in 1969.
<Samuel_E._Blum>	Samuel E. Blum (August 28, 1920 – January 9, 2013)  was an American chemist and physicist. He was a researcher at the Battelle Memorial Institute in Columbus, Ohio, working for government and private companies. He worked with semiconductor materials, which was his specialization until his retirement from IBM Watson Research Center in 1990.Blum's most notable invention is the patent on the ultraviolet excimer laser, which is used in surgical and dental procedures, which provided the laser technology that is central in LASIK (laser-assisted in situ keratomileusis) surgery. The co-inventors included chemist Rangaswamy Srinivasan and physicist James J. Wynne. The patent was filed in December 1982 and was issued on November 15, 1988. The contribution of this technology to LASIK has brought 20/20 vision and freedom from eyeglasses and contact lenses to millions of people. For this innovation, he was inducted to the National Inventors Hall of Fame (2002) and received the R. W. Wood Prize (2004) from the Optical Society of America (OSA).  In 2013, Blum, Srinivasan, and Wynne were awarded the Russ Prize from the National Academy of Engineering for this work.
<Arsenal_F.C._Academy>	Arsenal Football Club Academy is the youth system of Arsenal Football Club based in Hale End, London, England. It is often referred to as Hale End eponymously by the club, sports media, and fans. The academy teams play in the Professional Development League, the highest level of youth football in England. The club also competes in the FA Youth Cup and UEFA Youth League competitions. Former player Per Mertesacker is the current academy manager.Arsenal Under-21s, previously referred to as the Reserves, is the highest level squad within the setup. They train at the Arsenal Training Centre and play the majority of their home games at Meadow Park, which is the home of Boreham Wood FC. On occasion they also play at Arsenal's Emirates Stadium. Senior players occasionally play in the reserve side, as in the case when they are recovering from injury.
<Duffy_Daugherty>	Hugh Duffy Daugherty (September 8, 1915 – September 25, 1987) was an American football player and coach.  He served as the head coach at Michigan State University from 1954 to 1972, compiling a record of 109–69–5. His 1965 and 1966 teams won national championships. Daugherty's tenure of 19 seasons at the helm of the Michigan State Spartans football team is the longest of any head coach in the program's history. He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a coach in 1984.Daugherty was born in Emeigh, Pennsylvania on September 8, 1915.  Though Daugherty would later become known as "the Irish pixie, short and stocky, a man of endearing charm, with smiles and jokes," both of his parents were Pennsylvania natives whose parents were immigrants from Scotland.  His father, Joseph Daugherty, was the manager of a general merchandise store at Susquehanna in 1920.  By 1930, the family had moved to Barnesboro, Pennsylvania, where Daugherty's father was working as an adjuster for a compensation and insurance company. Daugherty had two older brothers, John and Joseph, Jr., and a younger sister Jean.Raised as a Presbyterian, he converted to Catholicism in 1964.[citation needed] Daugherty played college football as a guard at Syracuse University. He was named co-captain of the Syracuse football team in his senior year in 1939. He enlisted in the United States Army on February 7, 1941, ten months before the United States entered World War II.
<Wairarapa_FM>	Wairarapa FM was a radio station in Wairarapa, New Zealand broadcasting from studios in Masterton.The station was started by Radio New Zealand (which at the time was known as the National Broadcasting Service) in 1958 on 840AM with the callsign 2XB. The station was originally branded as its callsign 2XB. In 1968 2XB changed became known as 2ZD when the station changed callsigns.In 1978 the station moved to 846AM when AM frequency spacing in New Zealand was adjusted from 10 kHz to 9 kHz.During the 1980s the station became known on air as Radio Wairarapa.
<Dugald_Thomson>	Dugald Thomson (28 December 1849 – 27 November 1922) was an Australian politician. He campaigned for Federation as a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly (1894–1901), and was subsequently elected to the new federal House of Representatives (1901–1910). He served as Minister for Home Affairs in the Reid Government from 1904 to 1905.Thomson was born in Camberwell, London, England, to Scottish parents Jane (née Duncan) and John Thomson. His father was an insurance broker. The family emigrated to South Australia the year after he was born, and later moved to Victoria. Thomson completed his education in England and trained at his uncle's business in Liverpool. After spending two years at sea, he returned to Melbourne at the age of 19 and joined the merchant firm of Robert Harper. He set up a Sydney branch in 1877 and was a managing partner until 1892. He also established the North Shore Steam Ferry Company with James Garvan.
<Parker_Stevenson>	Richard Stevenson Parker Jr. (born June 4, 1952), known professionally as Parker Stevenson, is an American actor best known for playing Frank Hardy in the 1970s TV series The Hardy Boys and Craig Pomeroy on the 1990s TV series Baywatch.Stevenson was born on the Main Line of Philadelphia, as Richard Stevenson Parker Jr., one of two sons of Richard Stevenson Parker Sr., an investment advisor, and Sarah Meade, an actress who worked on Broadway and in numerous television commercials. His mother took him to a filming session when he was five years old, which resulted in him making two small television appearances. The elder Parker, who had moved his family to Rye, New York, disapproved of the whole business, and although Richard Jr. himself appeared in a few plays at Brooks Preparatory School, he then had no intention of becoming an actor and wanted to be an architect.
<Phyllis_Calvert>	Phyllis Hannah Murray-Hill (née Bickle; 18 February 1915 – 8 October 2002), known professionally as Phyllis Calvert, was an English film, stage and television actress. She was one of the leading stars of the Gainsborough melodramas of the 1940s such as The Man in Grey (1943) and was one of the most popular movie stars in Britain in the 1940s. She continued her acting career for another 50 years.In the words of an article by Michael Brooke for the BFI's Screenonline website: "Most of the time she drew what looked like the short straw, playing the 'good girl' in films that revelled in the exploits of her wicked opposite number, and it says much for her talent and charisma that she was able to hold attention in what must have seemed thankless parts – she herself acknowledged that 'I do think it is much more difficult to establish a really charming, nice person than a wicked one – and make it real'."
<Per_Teodor_Cleve>	Per Teodor Cleve (10 February 1840 – 18 June 1905) was a Swedish chemist, biologist, mineralogist and oceanographer. He is best known for his discovery of the chemical elements holmium and thulium.Born in Stockholm in 1840, Cleve earned his BSc and PhD from Uppsala University in 1863 and 1868, respectively. After receiving his PhD, he became an assistant professor of chemistry at the university. He later became professor of general and agricultural chemistry. In 1874 he theorised that didymium was in fact two elements; this theory was confirmed in 1885 when Carl Auer von Welsbach discovered neodymium and praseodymium.
<Joseph_Morgan_(actor)>	Joseph Morgan (born Joseph Martin; 16 May 1981) is a British actor and director. He is best known for his role as Niklaus "Klaus" Mikaelson on The CW's The Vampire Diaries and its spin-off The Originals, in which he is the lead.
<Millard_H._Alexander>	Millard Henry Alexander (born February 17, 1943, Boston, Massachusetts) is an American theoretical chemist. He is Distinguished University Professor at the University of Maryland, with appointments in the Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry and the Institute for Physical Science and Technology. He is the author of over 300 publications and an active researcher in the fields of molecular collision dynamics and theoretical chemistry.Alexander's research focus is the quantum-mechanical aspects of molecular collisions, in particular those involving open-shell species. More specifically, Alexander's work has focused on understanding chemical reactions where the Born–Oppenheimer approximation can be violated, by means of nonadiabatic coupling, spin–orbit interactions and conical intersections. Alexander's work is particularly important in understanding the F + H2 → FH + H and Cl + H2 → HCl + H reactions.Alexander is a fellow of the American Physical Society and of the American Association for the Advancement of Science and a  member of the International Academy of Quantum Molecular Science. In 2015 he received the Herschbach Medal for contributions to the theoretical study of the dynamics of molecular collisions.
<Aguinaldo_Policarpo_Mendes_Veiga>	Aguinaldo Policarpo Mendes da Veiga (born 25 March 1989), simply known as Aguinaldo, is an Angolan-Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a forward for Bahraini Premier League club Al-Najma SC and the Angola national football team. Aguinaldo has played for thirteen clubs in three continents and seven countries.Tunisian championship competitors CA Bizertin gave Aguinaldo a two-season long contract back in 2013.Surprised by rumors circulating that he allegedly received some money from G.D. Interclube prior to leaving for Tunisia in 2014, the athlete denied such claims, stating that he had given it all back and that there is nothing they can do because he is not an Interclube player. He became a free agent when his contract with Recreativo do Libolo expired, before going to Tunisia.
<Chris_Lang>	Amnesia (2004)Torn (2007)A Mother's Son (2012)Undeniable (2014)Unforgotten (2015– )  Innocent (2018- ) Chris Lang (born 1961) is a British television writer, actor, producer and musician. Lang has written for many British television series but is best known as the writer, creator and executive producer of Unforgotten.
<Dodge_Intrepid>	The Dodge Intrepid is a full sized front-wheel drive four-door sedan that was produced by Dodge for model years 1993 to 2004. It is related to the Chrysler 300M, Chrysler Concorde, Chrysler LHS, Chrysler New Yorker, and Eagle Vision which were all built on Chrysler's new "cab forward" LH platform.The Intrepid was sold in Canada as the Chrysler Intrepid.  In the United States, it replaced the Dodge Monaco as Dodge's largest passenger car.  With Dodge's introduction to Mexico during that time, it was badged as a Dodge, replacing the Dynasty which had been sold there under the Chrysler brand.The Intrepid's design goes back to 1986, when designer Kevin Verduyn completed the initial exterior design of a new aerodynamic concept sedan called Navajo. The design never passed the clay model stage. It was also at this time that the Chrysler Corporation purchased bankrupt Italian sports car manufacturer Lamborghini. The Navajo's exterior design was reworked and became the Lamborghini Portofino, released as a concept at the 1987 Frankfurt Auto Show. The Portofino was heralded as a design triumph, setting in motion Chrysler's decision to produce a production sedan with the Portofino's revolutionary exterior design, called "cab forward". The cab forward design was characterized by the long, low slung windshield, and relatively short overhangs. The wheels were effectively pushed to the corners of the car, creating a much larger passenger cabin than the contemporaries of the time.
<Ansar_al-Islam>	 Taliban Turkistan Islamic Party in Syria Iran (2001-2003)Syrian civil warAnsar al-Islam in Kurdistan (Kurdish: ئەنسارولئیسلام له کوردستان), simply called Ansar al-Islam (Kurdish: ئەنسارولئیسلام), also nicknamed the Kurdish Taliban, is a Kurdish Islamist militant and separatist group. It was established in northern Iraq around the Kurdistan Region by Kurdish Islamists who were former Taliban and former Al-Qaeda members, coming back from Afghanistan, in 2001. Its motive is to establish an Islamic state around the Kurdistan region. It imposed strict Sharia in villages it controlled around Byara near the Iranian border. Its ideology follows a traditionalist interpretation of the Quran and Salafism.
<The_Hague>	The Hague (/heɪɡ/ HAYG; Dutch: Den Haag [dɛn ˈɦaːx] (listen) or 's‑Gravenhage [ˌsxraːvə(n)ˈɦaːɣə] (listen)) is a city and municipality of the Netherlands, situated on the west coast facing the North Sea. The Hague is the country's administrative centre and its seat of government, and while the official capital of the Netherlands is Amsterdam, The Hague has been described as the country's de facto capital. The Hague is also the capital of the province of South Holland, and the city hosts both the International Court of Justice and the International Criminal Court.With a population of over half a million, it is the third-largest city in the Netherlands, after Amsterdam and Rotterdam. The Hague is the core municipality of the Greater The Hague urban area, which comprises the city itself and its suburban municipalities, containing over 800,000 people, making it the third-largest urban area in the Netherlands, again after the urban areas of Amsterdam and Rotterdam. The Rotterdam–The Hague metropolitan area, with a population of approximately 2.6 million, is one of the largest metropolitan areas in Europe and the most populous in the country; the area holds the Rotterdam The Hague Airport. Situated on the west coast of the Netherlands, The Hague lies at the southwest corner of the larger Randstad conurbation, one of the largest conurbations in Europe.
<Danielle_Mitterrand>	Danielle Émilienne Isabelle Mitterrand (née Gouze; 29 October 1924 – 22 November 2011) was the wife of French President François Mitterrand, and president of the foundation France Libertés Fondation Danielle Mitterrand.Danielle Émilienne Isabelle Gouze was born on 29 October 1924 in Verdun, in the Meuse. Her father, Antoine Gouze (1885-1958), was a college principal. Her mother, born Renée Flachot (1890-1971), was a teacher.  Her parents were secularists, Republicans and French Section of the Workers' International (SFIO) activists. In 1940, Antoine Gouze refused to list, as he was asked, the Jewish students and teachers of his college and was dismissed by the Vichy government. He then moved to Cluny where he gave private lessons.During the years 1940–1942, her family regularly housed in hiding members of the Resistance Combat network, including its leader, Henri Frenay.
<Jan_Åge_Fjørtoft>	Jan Åge Fjørtoft (born 10 January 1967) is a Norwegian former professional footballer. A powerful centre forward with goalscoring ability, he played professionally in Norway, Austria, England and Germany. He appeared in 71 international matches (15 as captain) and scored 20 goals for the Norway national team. His nickname was Fjøra, meaning The Feather in Norwegian.Fjørtoft started his senior career at Hødd (2. league Norway) as 17-year-old, scoring 9 league goals in 17 matches in the 1984 season. In the 1985 season he scored 25 league goals in 22 games.
<Frank_Shu>	Frank Hsia-San Shu (Chinese: 徐遐生; Jyutping: Ceoi4 Haa4 Sang1; born June 2, 1943), is a Chinese-American astrophysicist, astronomer and author. He is currently a University Professor Emeritus at the University of California, Berkeley and University of California, San Diego. He is best known for proposing the density wave theory to explain the structure of spiral galaxies, and for describing a model of star formation, where a giant dense molecular cloud collapses to form a star.Shu's hometown is Wenzhou, Zhejiang, but he was born in Kunming ,Yunnan, in 1943. His father, Shu Shien-Siu, was a mathematician and an instructor at the National Tsing Hua University, which, at that time due to World War II, was temporarily relocated to Kunming from Beijing. The senior Shu would serve as the President of the National Tsing Hua University from 1970 to 1975. When Shu was 2 months old, his father went to the United States for study and, later, work. Shu and his family went to Taiwan through Hong Kong when he was 5 years old, stayed there for a year, and then traveled by steamship to the United States to re-unite with the senior Shu, who was working at the Illinois Institute of Technology, Chicago.
<Immanuel_Bloch>	EPS Quantum Electronics Prize (2011)Körber European Science Prize (2013)Harvey Prize (2015)Immanuel Bloch (born 16 November 1972, Fulda) is a German  experimental physicist. His research is focused on the investigation of quantum many-body systems using ultracold atomic and molecular quantum gases. Bloch is known for his work on atoms in artificial crystals of light, optical lattices, especially the first realization of a quantum phase transition from a weakly interacting superfluid to a strongly interacting Mott insulating state of matter.Bloch studied physics at the University of Bonn in 1995, followed by a one-year research visit to Stanford University. He obtained his PhD in 2000 working under Theodor W. Hänsch at the Ludwig-Maximilian's University in Munich. The thesis title was Atomlaser und Phasenkohärenz atomarer Bose-Einstein-Kondensate. As a junior group leader, he continued in Munich and started his work on ultracold quantum gases in optical lattices. In 2003, he moved to a full professor position in experimental physics at the University of Mainz, where he stayed until 2009.
<AMCARA_Broadcasting_Network>	AMCARA Broadcasting Network is a Philippine television broadcast company. The company is located in Katipunan Avenue, Loyola Heights, Quezon City. The company is majority-owned by the heirs of Arcadio M. Carandang, one of the pioneers of Philippine television who worked for ABS-CBN.AMCARA owned and operated a number of UHF television stations in the provinces affiliated with ABS-CBN Sports and Action (S+A, formerly Studio 23). On January 5, 2022, its former UHF frequencies (channel 23 and 43) were assigned by the National Telecommunications Commission to Aliw Broadcasting Corporation (for channel 23) and Swara Sug Media Corporation (for channel 43).
<Kimberly_Guilfoyle>	Kimberly Ann Guilfoyle (/ˈɡɪlfɔɪl/ GIL-foyl; born March 9, 1969) is an American television news personality and former prosecuting attorney in San Francisco. A Republican, she became an advisor to the 45th President of the United States, Donald Trump.Guilfoyle studied at University of California, Davis, and the University of San Francisco School of Law, where she earned a J.D. degree. She became a prosecuting attorney in San Francisco and Los Angeles, California. She was an assistant district attorney in San Francisco from 2000 to 2004. Guilfoyle married Democratic politician Gavin Newsom. She was First Lady of San Francisco during Newsom's first two years as mayor of that city. He later served as governor of the state. Since 2018 she has been the girlfriend of Donald Trump Jr.
<Tim_Hunt>	Sir Richard Timothy Hunt, FRS FMedSci FRSE MAE (born 19 February 1943) is a British biochemist and molecular physiologist. He was awarded the 2001 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Paul Nurse and Leland H. Hartwell for their discoveries of protein molecules that control the division of cells. While studying fertilized sea urchin eggs in the early 1980s, Hunt discovered cyclin, a protein that cyclically aggregates and is depleted during cell division cycles.Hunt was born on 19 February 1943 in Neston, Cheshire, to Richard William Hunt, a lecturer in palaeography in Liverpool, and Kit Rowland, daughter of a timber merchant. After the death of both his parents, Hunt found his father had worked at Bush House, then the headquarters of BBC World Service radio, most likely in intelligence, although it is not known what he actually did. In 1945, Richard became Keeper of the Western Manuscripts at the Bodleian Library, and the family relocated to Oxford. At the age of eight, Hunt was accepted into the Dragon School, where he first developed an interest in biology thanks to his German teacher, Gerd Sommerhoff. When he was fourteen, he moved to Magdalen College School, Oxford, where the science prizes now bear his name, becoming even more interested in science and studying subjects such as chemistry and zoology.
<Southampton_F.C._Academy>	Coordinates: 50°53′17″N 1°27′38″W﻿ / ﻿50.888035°N 1.460478°W﻿ / 50.888035; -1.460478Southampton F.C. B team and Academy or Saints B and Academy is the youth organisation run by Southampton F.C. to encourage and develop young footballers in the south of England. Renowned players including Gareth Bale, Theo Walcott, and Alan Shearer began their careers at this academy.The team is made up of under-23 and academy players, is effectively Southampton's second-string side, but is limited to three outfield players and one goalkeeper over the age of 23 per game following the introduction of new regulations from the 2012–13 season. They play in Premier League 2, Division 2. The team also competes in the EFL Trophy, Premier League International Cup, Premier League Cup and the Hampshire Senior Cup. The under-18 players among other younger age groups make up the Academy team and play in the Premier League U18 First Division, South, Premier League U18 Cup and the FA Youth Cup.Home fixtures are contested at A.F.C. Totton's Testwood Stadium with some fixtures being held at St. Mary's. Some games are played at the club's training facilities at Staplewood in Long Lane, Marchwood, Southampton if required. Since September 2020, the B team has been managed by David Horseman, while since August 2021, the Under 18s have been managed by Carl Martin.Amongst the players who passed through the Saints Academy and went on to represent their country since the turn of the Millennium are:
<SNCF>	The Société nationale des chemins de fer français (French pronunciation: ​[sɔsjete nɑsjɔnal de ʃ(ə)mɛ̃ d(ə) fɛʁ fʁɑ̃sɛ]; abbreviated as SNCF [ɛs‿ɛn se ɛf]; French for "National society of French railroads") is France's national state-owned railway company. Founded in 1938, it operates the country's national rail traffic along with Monaco, including the TGV, on France's high-speed rail network. Its functions include operation of railway services for passengers and freight (through its subsidiaries SNCF Voyageurs and Rail Logistics Europe), as well as maintenance and signalling of rail infrastructure (SNCF Réseau). The railway network consists of about 35,000 km (22,000 mi) of route, of which 2,600 km (1,600 mi) are high-speed lines and 14,500 km (9,000 mi) electrified. About 14,000 trains are operated daily.In 2010 the SNCF was ranked 22nd in France and 214th globally on the Fortune Global 500 list. It is the main business of the SNCF Group, which in 2020 had €30 billion of sales in 120 countries. The SNCF Group employs more than 275,000 employees in France and around the world. Since July 2013, the SNCF Group headquarters are located in a Parisian suburb at 2 Place aux Étoiles in Saint-Denis. The president of SNCF Group has been Jean-Pierre Farandou since 2019.
<World_of_Jenks>	World of Jenks is an American documentary television series on MTV. The series premiered on September 13, 2010 following the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards. The second season of the series debuted on March 4, 2013 and consists of ten one-hour episodes.The series stars Andrew Jenks and showcases the lives of inspirational young people from various locations of the United States. Jenks moves in with a different stranger for a week to experience their life from their perspective.
<Anders_Ekborg>	Jon Anders Ekborg (born 9 October 1960) is a Swedish actor and singer who has performed the roles of Karl Oskar in Kristina från Duvemåla and Freddie Trumper in Chess, two musicals that were written by former ABBA members Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus. He has also acted in many Swedish-language versions of musicals, such as Jekyll and Hyde, Evita and Jesus Christ Superstar. He has been married to the actress Lia Boysen.Ekborg also toured extensively throughout Sweden, mostly accompanied by Bengt Magnusson and Anders Lundqvist. He has released one album in his own name; Äkta Vara (2006). Additionally, he has appeared in numerous gala concerts including Rhapsody in Rock.
<Allie_(wrestler)>	Laura Dennis (born September 3, 1987) is a Canadian professional wrestler, better known by the ring names Allie and The Bunny. She is currently signed to All Elite Wrestling (AEW).She is best known for her time in Impact Wrestling, where she is a former two-time Impact Knockouts Champion. She has also competed for Great Canadian Wrestling, NCW Femmes Fatales, Shimmer Women Athletes, Shine Wrestling, Women Superstars Uncensored (WSU) and Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW) under the ring name Cherry Bomb. With tag team partner Kimber Lee, collectively known as The Kimber Bombs, they have held the Shine Tag Team Championship and the Shimmer Tag Team Championship both once. She is also a former 1 time WSU Champion.
<VA_Tech_Wabag>	VA Tech Wabag Ltd. is an Indian multinational company with headquarters in Chennai, India. Founded in Breslau in 1924, the company is focussed on desalination and water treatment for municipal and industrial users. The company has completed more than 6000 projects and is present across more than 30 countries.[citation needed].In 1924, Max Reder started Wabag Wasserfilter-Bau in Breslau, Germany. Deutsche Babcock became majority shareholder of Wabag in 1973 and eventually took over the entire company.
<Johnnie_Mortimer>	John Mortimer (2 July 1931 – 2 September 1992) professionally Johnnie Mortimer, was a British scriptwriter for British TV whose work, along with creative writing partner Brian Cooke, also served as inspiration for American television projects.He was born in Clare, Suffolk. He started out as a cartoonist, which brought him into contact with his writing partner Brian Cooke. Mortimer later wrote series for radio such as The Men from the Ministry and Round the Horne, before writing many TV situation comedies including Foreign Affairs, Father, Dear Father, Man About the House, Never the Twain, Robin's Nest and George and Mildred, often working in partnership with Cooke. Versions of Man about the House, George & Mildred and Robin's Nest were later adapted as Three's Company, The Ropers and Three's A Crowd respectively.
<James_P._Gray>	James P. Gray may refer to:
<Ben_Bernanke>	Ben Shalom Bernanke (/bərˈnæŋki/ bər-NANG-kee; born December 13, 1953) is an American economist who served as the 14th chairman of the Federal Reserve from 2006 to 2014. After leaving the Fed, he was appointed a distinguished fellow at the Brookings Institution. During his tenure as chairman, Bernanke oversaw the Federal Reserve's response to the late-2000s financial crisis, for which he was named the 2009 Time Person of the Year. Before becoming Federal Reserve chairman, Bernanke was a tenured professor at Princeton University and chaired the department of economics there from 1996 to September 2002, when he went on public service leave. Bernanke was awarded the 2022 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences, jointly with Douglas Diamond and Philip H. Dybvig, "for research on banks and financial crises", more specifically for his analysis of the Great Depression.From August 5, 2002, until June 21, 2005, he was a member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, proposed the Bernanke doctrine, and first discussed "the Great Moderation"—the theory that traditional business cycles have declined in volatility in recent decades through structural changes that have occurred in the international economy, particularly increases in the economic stability of developing nations, diminishing the influence of macroeconomic (monetary and fiscal) policy.
<Clarence_Brown>	Clarence Leon Brown (May 10, 1890 – August 17, 1987) was an American film director.Born in Clinton, Massachusetts, to Larkin Harry Brown, a cotton manufacturer, and Katherine Ann Brown (née Gaw), Brown moved to Tennessee when he was 11 years old. He attended Knoxville High School and the University of Tennessee, both in Knoxville, Tennessee, graduating from the university at the age of 19 with two degrees in engineering. An early fascination in automobiles led Brown to a job with the Stevens-Duryea Company, then to his own Brown Motor Car Company in Alabama. He later abandoned the car dealership after developing an interest in motion pictures around 1913. He was hired by the Peerless Studio at Fort Lee, New Jersey, and became an assistant to the French-born director Maurice Tourneur.
<Dean_Kamen>	Heinz Award in Technology, the Economy and Employment  (1999)National Medal of Technology and Innovation (2000)Lemelson–MIT Prize (2002)ASME Medal (2007)Lindbergh Award (2011)Dean Lawrence Kamen (born April 5, 1951) is an American engineer, inventor, and businessman. He is known for his invention of the Segway and iBOT, as well as founding the non-profit organization FIRST with Woodie Flowers. Kamen holds over 1,000 patents.
<Ford_Foundation>	The Ford Foundation is an American private foundation with the stated goal of advancing human welfare. Created in 1936 by Edsel Ford and his father Henry Ford, it was originally funded by a US$25,000 gift from Edsel Ford. By 1947, after the death of the two founders, the foundation owned 90% of the non-voting shares of the Ford Motor Company. (The Ford family retained the voting shares.) Between 1955 and 1974, the foundation sold its Ford Motor Company holdings and now plays no role in the automobile company.Ahead of the foundation selling its Ford Motor Company holdings, in 1949, Henry Ford II created the § Ford Motor Company Fund, a separate corporate foundation that to this day serves as the philanthropic arm of the Ford Motor Company and is not associated with the foundation.The Ford Foundation makes grants through its headquarters and ten international field offices. For many years, the foundation's financial endowment was the largest private endowment in the world; it remains among the wealthiest. For fiscal year 2014, it reported assets of US$12.4 billion and approved US$507.9 million in grants. According to the OECD, the Ford Foundation provided US$194 million for development in 2019, all of which related to its grant-making activities.
<Tanduay_Rhum_Masters>	1986 Reinforced  1986 All-Filipino  1987 OpenThe Tanduay Rhum Makers (1975-1987) and Tanduay Rhum Masters (1999-2001) were two basketball franchises associated with the same liquor brand that played in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
<National_Institutes_of_Health>	The National Institutes of Health, commonly referred to as NIH (with each letter pronounced individually), is the primary agency of the United States government responsible for biomedical and public health research. It was founded in the late 1880s and is now part of the United States Department of Health and Human Services. The majority of NIH facilities are located in Bethesda, Maryland, and other nearby suburbs of the Washington metropolitan area, with other primary facilities in the Research Triangle Park in North Carolina and smaller satellite facilities located around the United States. The NIH conducts its own scientific research through the NIH Intramural Research Program (IRP) and provides major biomedical research funding to non-NIH research facilities through its Extramural Research Program.As of 2013[update], the IRP had 1,200 principal investigators and more than 4,000 postdoctoral fellows in basic, translational, and clinical research, being the largest biomedical research institution in the world, while, as of 2003, the extramural arm provided 28% of biomedical research funding spent annually in the U.S., or about US$26.4 billion.
<Saint_Andrew's_Golf_Club>	The Saint Andrew's Golf Club is a golf club located in Hastings-on-Hudson, New York, United States.Founded in 1888 by John Reid of Dunfermline, Scotland, the club is the oldest golf club in the United States. The club crest features a Scottish saltire. The current site, the club's home since 1897, features an 18-hole golf course designed by golf course architects William H. Tucker and Harry Tallmadge. In 1983, the track was refurbished by legendary golfer Jack Nicklaus.Along with fellow Empire State club Shinnecock Hills Golf Club, Illinois's Chicago Golf Club, Rhode Island's Newport Country Club and Massachusetts's  The Country Club, Saint Andrew's Golf Club was, in 1895, one of the five founding members of the United States Golf Association, one of the sport's two major governing bodies.
<New_York_University>	New York University (NYU) is a private research university in New York City. Chartered in 1831 by the New York State Legislature, NYU was founded by a group of New Yorkers led by then-Secretary of the Treasury Albert Gallatin.
<Domestic_Powerviolence>	Agoraphobic Nosebleed (abbreviated as ANb) is an American grindcore band formed in 1994 in Springfield, Massachusetts, United States. Its line-up has changed often over the years, with guitarist and drum programmer Scott Hull being the only continuous member. The current line-up includes vocalist Jay Randall, and Richard Johnson of Enemy Soil and Drugs of Faith, along with John Jarvis of Pig Destroyer and Fulgora on bass guitar. Agoraphobic Nosebleed is one of the most well-known drum-machine grindcore bands, and has influenced many drum-machine grindcore bands.The band is known for the brevity of its songs. The album Altered States of America features 100 songs (including one hidden) in just under 22 minutes, with many songs of 5 seconds or less, and the longest song being only 1:45.Agoraphobic Nosebleed is also known for rarely playing live.  The band played at the 2003 New England Metal and Hardcore Festival. As the band's appearance was unscheduled, Pig Destroyer cut its set short so Agoraphobic Nosebleed could play two songs and an intro. Twelve years later, the band finally played their first full live set at the 2015 edition of the Maryland Deathfest.  Their second full live set was played on November 15, 2015, at the Housecore Horror Festival Part III in San Antonio, TX.  In keeping with the band's aesthetic, no live drummer has been used at the performances.
<Jack_Clayton>	Jack Isaac Clayton (1 March 1921 – 26 February 1995) was a British film director and producer who specialised in bringing literary works to the screen.Starting out as a teenage studio "tea boy" in 1935, Clayton worked his way up through British film industry in a career that spanned nearly sixty years. He rapidly rose through a series of increasingly important roles in British film production, before shooting to international prominence as a director with his Oscar-winning feature film debut, the drama Room at the Top (1959). This was followed by the much-lauded horror film The Innocents (1961), based on Henry James' The Turn of the Screw.
<Allahabad>	Allahabad (pronunciation (help·info)), officially known as Prayagraj, also known as Ilahabad, is a metropolis in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is the administrative headquarters of the Allahabad district—the most populous district in the state and 13th most populous district in India—and the Allahabad division. The city is the judicial capital of Uttar Pradesh with the Allahabad High Court being the highest judicial body in the state. As of 2011, Allahabad is the seventh most populous city in the state, thirteenth in Northern India and thirty-sixth in India, with an estimated population of 1.53 million in the city. In 2011 it was ranked the world's 40th fastest-growing city. Allahabad, in 2016, was also ranked the third most liveable urban agglomeration in the state (after Noida and Lucknow) and sixteenth in the country. Hindi is the most widely spoken language in the city.Allahabad lies close to Triveni Sangam, the "three-river confluence" of the Ganges, Yamuna and Sarasvati rivers. It plays a central role in Hindu scriptures. The city finds its earliest reference as one of the world's oldest known cities in Hindu mythological texts and has been venerated as the holy city of Prayaga in the ancient Vedas. Allahabad was also known as Kosambi in the late Vedic period, named by the Kuru rulers of Hastinapur, who developed it as their capital. Kosambi was one of the greatest cities in India from the late Vedic period until the end of the Maurya Empire, with occupation continuing until the Gupta Empire. Since then, the city has been a political, cultural and administrative centre of the Doab region. In the early 17th century, Allahabad was a provincial capital in the Mughal Empire under the reign of Jahangir.
<Order_of_the_British_Empire>	The Most Excellent Order of the British Empire is a British order of chivalry, rewarding contributions to the arts and sciences, work with charitable and welfare organisations,and public service outside the civil service. It was established on 4 June 1917 by King George V and comprises five classes across both civil and military divisions, the most senior two of which make the recipient either a knight if male or dame if female. There is also the related British Empire Medal, whose recipients are affiliated with, but not members of, the order.Recommendations for appointments to the Order of the British Empire were originally made on the nomination of the United Kingdom, the self-governing Dominions of the Empire (later Commonwealth) and the Viceroy of India. Nominations continue today from Commonwealth countries that participate in recommending British honours. Most Commonwealth countries ceased recommendations for appointments to the Order of the British Empire when they created their own honours.
<Shuri,_Okinawa>	Shuri (首里, Okinawan: スイ Sui or Shui, Northern Ryukyuan: しより Shiyori) is a district of the city of Naha, Okinawa. It was formerly a separate city in and of itself, and the royal capital of the Ryūkyū Kingdom. A number of famous historical sites are located in Shuri, including Shuri Castle, the Shureimon gate, Sunuhyan-utaki (a sacred space of the native Ryukyuan religion), and royal mausoleum Tamaudun, all of which are designated World Heritage Sites by UNESCO.Originally established as a castle town surrounding the royal palace, Shuri ceased to be the capital when the kingdom was abolished and incorporated into Japan as Okinawa prefecture. In 1896, Shuri was made a ward (区, ku) of the new prefectural capital, Naha, though it was made a separate city again in 1921. In 1954, it was merged again into Naha.Shuri Castle was first built during the reign of Shunbajunki (r. 1237–1248), who ruled from nearby Urasoe Castle. This was nearly a century before Okinawa Island would become divided into the three kingdoms of Hokuzan, Nanzan, and Chūzan; nearly two centuries before the unification of those kingdoms and establishment of the Ryūkyū Kingdom. The island was not yet an organized or unified kingdom, but rather a collection of local chieftains (anji) loyal to the chief chieftain in Urasoe.
<Nicolaas_Bloembergen>	Nicolaas Bloembergen (March 11, 1920 – September 5, 2017) was a Dutch-American physicist and Nobel laureate, recognized for his work in developing driving principles behind nonlinear optics for laser spectroscopy. During his career, he was a professor at Harvard University and later at the University of Arizona and at Leiden University in 1973 (as Lorentz Professor).Bloembergen shared the 1981 Nobel Prize in Physics along with Arthur Schawlow and Kai Siegbahn because their work "has had a profound effect on our present knowledge of the constitution of matter" through the use of laser spectroscopy. In particular, Bloembergen was singled out because he "founded a new field of science we now call non-linear optics" by mixing "two or more beams of laser light... in order to produce laser light of a different wave length" and thus significantly broaden the laser spectroscopy frequency band.
<Ada_Calhoun>	Ada Calhoun (born Ada Calhoun Schjeldahl, March 17, 1976) is an American nonfiction writer. She is the author of St. Marks Is Dead, a history of St. Mark's Place in East Village, Manhattan, New York; Wedding Toasts I’ll Never Give, a book of essays about marriage; Why We Can't Sleep, a book about Generation X women and their struggles, and Also a Poet, a memoir about her father and the poet Frank O’Hara. She has also been a critic, frequently contributing to The New York Times Book Review; a co-author and ghostwriter, having collaborated on three books by Tim Gunn; and a freelance essayist and reporter. A Village Voice profile in 2015 said: "Her CV can seem as though it were cobbled together from the résumés of three ambitious journalists."Calhoun grew up on St. Marks Place in East Village, Manhattan. She is the only child of art critic Peter Schjeldahl and actress Brooke Alderson. They appear as characters in her book St. Marks Is Dead, which she dedicated to them. She has written in The New York Times Magazine about a childhood fascination with the suburbs. As a teenager, she traveled through India and met Mother Teresa. She changed her name in 1998 to avoid comparison to her father.As a reporter, she has written about imprisoned women in Alabama, the rap star Bobby Shmurda, and the rise of DIY abortions. She has also written personal essays, including three for The New York Times's "Modern Love" column, and four for The New York Times Magazine's "Lives" column. The New York Times named her essay "The Wedding Toast I’ll Never Give" its 41st-most-read story of 2015. In 2016, W.W. Norton announced that it would publish a collection of related essays in 2017, called Wedding Toasts I’ll Never Give. In October 2017, Oprah.com published her article "The New Midlife Crisis." Chartbeat named the article the internet's 55th-most-read story of 2017.
<Philip_N._Cohen>	Philip N. Cohen is an American sociologist. He is a Professor of Sociology at the University of Maryland, College Park, and director of SocArXiv, an open archive of the social sciences.Cohen grew up in Ithaca, New York and attended the Lehman Alternative Community School.Cohen graduated from the University of Michigan with a B.A. in American Culture, from the University of Massachusetts with an M.A. in Sociology, and from the University of Maryland with a Ph.D. in Sociology. His previous faculty positions were at the University of North Carolina and the University of California, Irvine.
<Halwill_Junction_railway_station>	Halwill Junction Railway Station was a railway station in Halwill Junction, near the villages of Halwill and Beaworthy in Devon, England. It opened in 1879 and formed an important junction between the now-closed Bude Branch and North Cornwall line. It closed in 1966 along with the lines which it served, a casualty of the Beeching Report.The station was opened in January 1879 by the London and South Western Railway (LSWR) following the extension of its line from  Meldon Junction on the Okehampton to Plymouth line to Holsworthy on the new Bude Branch. Five years later, it became a junction station with the construction by the North Cornwall Railway of a line south to Launceston which gave the latter company a direct through route over LSWR metals to London Waterloo. The opening of the route south led to the renaming of the station - to Halwill Junction - in March 1887. By the close of the century both lines had been extended - the Bude Branch reaching Bude by 10 August 1898 and the North Cornwall Line to Padstow by 23 March 1899.
<Vladimir_the_Great>	Vladimir I Sviatoslavich or Volodymyr I Sviatoslavych (Old East Slavic: Володимѣръ Свѧтославичь, Volodiměrъ Svętoslavičь; c. 958 – 15 July 1015), also known as Vladimir the Great or Volodymyr the Great, was Prince of Novgorod, Grand Prince of Kiev, and ruler of Kievan Rus' from 980 to 1015.
<Raymond_Loewy>	Raymond Loewy (/ˈloʊi/ LOH-ee, French: [ʁɛmɔ̃ levi]; November 5, 1893 – July 14, 1986) was a French-born American industrial designer who achieved fame for the magnitude of his design efforts across a variety of industries. He was recognized for this by Time magazine and featured on its cover on October 31, 1949.He spent most of his professional career in the United States, becoming a naturalized citizen in 1938. Among his designs were the Shell, Exxon, TWA and the former BP logos, the Greyhound Scenicruiser bus, Coca-Cola vending machines and bottle redesign, the Lucky Strike package, Coldspot refrigerators, the Studebaker Avanti and Champion, and the Air Force One livery. He was engaged by equipment manufacturer International Harvester to overhaul its entire product line, and his team also assisted competitor Allis-Chalmers. He undertook numerous railroad designs, including the Pennsylvania Railroad GG1, S-1, and T1 locomotives, the color scheme and Eagle motif for the first streamliners of the Missouri Pacific Railroad, and a number of lesser known color scheme and car interior designs for other railroads.  His career spanned seven decades.
<John_Guillermin>	John Guillermin (11 November 1925 – 27 September 2015) was a French-British film director, writer and producer who was most active in big-budget, action-adventure films throughout his lengthy career.His more well-known films include I Was Monty's Double (1958), Tarzan's Greatest Adventure (1959), Never Let Go (1960), Tarzan Goes to India (1962), Waltz of the Toreadors (1962), The Blue Max (1966), The Bridge at Remagen (1969), The Towering Inferno (1974), King Kong (1976), Death on the Nile (1978), Sheena (1984) and King Kong Lives (1986). In the 1980s, he worked on much less prestigious projects, and his final films consisted of lower-budgeted theatrical releases and TV movies.
<Tim_Kaine>	Timothy Michael Kaine (/keɪn/; born February 26, 1958) is an American lawyer and politician serving as the junior United States senator from Virginia since 2013. A member of the Democratic Party, he served as the 38th lieutenant governor of Virginia from 2002 to 2006 and 70th governor of Virginia from 2006 to 2010. Kaine was the Democratic nominee for vice president of the United States in the 2016 election as Hillary Clinton's running mate.
<Madhu_Trehan>	Madhu Purie Trehan (born 1940s) is an Indian journalist. She is also the co-founder and editor-in-chief of a digital media portal called Newslaundry.Trehan studied at Welham Girls' School in Dehradun, graduating in 1962. In 1968, she went to Harrow Technical College & School of Arts in London to study journalistic photography. She earned a master's degree in journalism from Columbia University, New York in 1972. While in New York City, she worked at the United Nations in their press department, and served as an editor for a weekly newspaper, India Abroad.
<Chiu_Keng_Guan>	Chiu Keng Guan (/ˌtʃuː kɛŋ ɡwʌn/; Chinese: 周青元; pinyin: Zhōu Qīng Yuán) is a Malaysian film director.Born and raised in Batu Pahat, Johor, Chiu initially studied graphic design and then fine arts, and worked on ceramic and sculpture production before joining HVD Film Production, doing quality assurance.
<Decoration_of_Honour_for_Services_to_the_Republic_of_Austria>	The Decoration of Honour for Services to the Republic of Austria (German: Ehrenzeichen für Verdienste um die Republik Österreich) is a state decoration of the Republic of Austria. It is divided into 15 classes and is the highest award in the Austrian national honours system.The Decoration of Honour for Services to the Republic of Austria was first established by federal law on 4 November 1922. It initially had ten grades; later, it was expanded to sixteen grades. It was replaced in 1934 by the Austrian Order of Merit (Österreichischer Verdienstorden).
<James_McBride_(writer)>	James McBride (born September 11, 1957) is an American writer and musician. He is the recipient of the 2013 National Book Award for fiction for his novel The Good Lord Bird.McBride's father, Rev. Andrew D. McBride (August 8, 1911 – April 5, 1957) was African-American; he died of cancer at the age of 45. His mother, Ruchel Dwajra Zylska (name changed to Rachel Deborah Shilsky, and later to Ruth McBride Jordan; April 1, 1921 – January 9, 2010), was a Jewish immigrant from Poland. James was raised in Brooklyn's Red Hook housing projects until he was seven years old and was the last child Ruth had from her first marriage, the last child of Rev. Andrew McBride, and the eighth of 12 children.
<Tulane_University>	Tulane University, officially the Tulane University of Louisiana, is a private research university in New Orleans, Louisiana. Founded as the Medical College of Louisiana in 1834 by seven young medical doctors, it turned into a comprehensive public university as the University of Louisiana by the state legislature in 1847. The institution became private under the endowments of Paul Tulane and Josephine Louise Newcomb in 1884 and 1887. Tulane is the 9th oldest private university in the Association of American Universities. The Tulane University Law School and Tulane University Medical School are, respectively, the 12th oldest law school and 15th oldest medical school in the United States. Tulane has been a member of the Association of American Universities since 1958 and is classified among "R1: Doctoral Universities – Very high research activity".Tulane has an overall acceptance rate of 8.4%. Alumni include twelve governors of Louisiana; one Chief Justice of the United States; various members of Congress, including a Speaker of the U.S. House; two Surgeons General of the United States; 23 Marshall Scholars; 18 Rhodes Scholars; 15 Truman Scholars; 155 Fulbright Scholars; four living billionaires; and a former President of Costa Rica. Two Nobel laureates have been affiliated with the university.
<Herbert_H._Franklin>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<The_Hawaiians_(WFL)>	The Hawaiians were a professional American football team based in Honolulu that played in the World Football League. They played two seasons, 1974 and 1975.  Their records were 9–11 in 1974 and 4–7–1 in 1975. Their home stadium was  Honolulu Stadium in 1974 and Aloha Stadium in 1975. The best known player to play for the Hawaiians was former Dallas Cowboys running back Calvin Hill, though quarterback Jim Fassel became better known as a head coach decades later. The Hawaiians head coach was Michael Giddings who guided the Hawaiians through both the 1974 and 1975 World Football League seasons.The franchise was originally going to be called the Honolulu Warriors, but a local team had trademarked that name. As a result, the team was known simply as "The Hawaiians", although the press frequently mistakenly called them the "Honolulu Hawaiians" or the "Hawaii Hawaiians."  They were owned by real estate developer Christopher Hemmeter for the first season.  He was named league president in 1975, and sold the Hawaiians to jewel merchant Edward Sultan, Jr.Though lasting for less than two seasons of play, the Hawaiians represented a serious attempt to form a viable professional football organization, one that at least had the potential for success had the WFL been better run.  They were one of only three teams that did not miss a payroll during the league's first season. (False accounts had said some players released from the team could not afford to get to the mainland.) Hemmeter and his original partner, Sam Battisone (who also owned the NBA's New Orleans Jazz) were among the few owners thought to be capable of fielding a team in 1975.
<Renat_Gafurov>	Renat Zaytunovich Gafurov (Russian: Ренат Зайтунович Гафуров) (born October 8 1982) is a former Russian motorcycle speedway rider who was a member of Russia national team. Gafurov won 2009 Individual European Championship and is a two times Russian champion.
<George_Washington_University>	The George Washington University (GW or GWU) is a private federally chartered research university in Washington, D.C. Chartered in 1821 by the United States Congress, GWU is the largest institution of higher education in the District of Columbia.George Washington, the first president of the United States, advocated for the establishment of a national university in the U.S. capital in his first State of the Union address in 1790 and continued to promote this idea throughout his career and until his death. In his will, Washington left shares in the Potomac Company to endow the university. However, due to the company's financial difficulties, funds were raised independently by Baptist ministers. Among the patrons contributing funds were James Monroe, John Quincy Adams, and John C. Calhoun. On February 9, 1821, the university was established by an Act of Congress first as Columbian College and then as Columbian University, making it one of only five universities in the United States with a congressional charter.
<Daniel_Fernandes_(footballer)>	Daniel Márcio Fernandes (born 25 September 1983) is a Portuguese Canadian professional footballer who plays for Maltese club Gudja United F.C. as a goalkeeper.He moved frequently in his club career, representing teams in Portugal, Spain, Germany, Greece, Romania, the Netherlands, the United States, Norway and Malta.
<Sam_Elliott>	Samuel Pack Elliott (born August 9, 1944) is an American actor. He is the recipient of several accolades, including a National Board of Review Award, and has been nominated for an Academy Award, two Golden Globe Awards, two Primetime Emmy Awards, and two Screen Actors Guild Awards.Elliott is known for his distinctive lanky physique, full mustache, and a deep, sonorous voice. He began his film career with minor appearances in The Way West (1967),  Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid (1969), season five of Mission: Impossible and guest-starred on television in the Western Gunsmoke (1972) and the television films Murder in Texas (1981) and The Shadow Riders (1982). He starred in Frogs (1972). His film breakthrough was in the drama Lifeguard (1976). He then appeared in several Louis L'Amour adaptations such as The Quick and the Dead (1987) and Conagher (1991), the latter of which earned him a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actor – Miniseries or Television Film. He received his second Golden Globe and first Primetime Emmy Award nominations for Buffalo Girls (1995). Other film credits from the early 1990s include as John Buford in the historical drama Gettysburg (1993) and as Virgil Earp in the Western Tombstone (also 1993). In 1998 he played the Stranger in The Big Lebowski.
<FC_Atyrau>	Football Club Atyrau (Kazakh: "Атырау" футбол клубы, "Atyraý" fýtbol klýby) is a professional football club based in Atyrau, who last played in the Kazakhstan Premier League, the highest level of Kazakh football. The club's home ground is the 8,690-seat Munaishy Stadium, where they have played since their inception.Founded as Prikaspiets in 1980, they played only two seasons in the Soviet Second League. In 2000, the club was refounded as Akzhaiyk to play in the Kazakhstan First Division. Next season, they were promoted to the Kazakhstan Premier League with a new name Atyrau. The club colours, reflected in their badge and kit, are green and white. The club's crest is a green and white striped shield, with an oil drop in a ball form in the centre, incorporates the cities role in oil industry.On 14 December 2016, Atyrau appointed Zoran Vulić as manager.
<UniCredit>	UniCredit S.p.A. is an international banking group headquartered in Milan. It is Italy's only systemically important bank (according to the list provided by the Financial Stability Board in 2022) and the world's 34th largest by assets. It was formed through the merger of Credito Italiano and Unicredito in 1998 but has a corporate identity stretching back to its first foundation in 1870 as Banca di Genova. UniCredit is listed on the Milan and Frankfurt stock exchanges, is a constituent stock of the Euro Stoxx 50 index of leading shares.With corporate & investment banking, commercial banking and wealth management operations, Unicredit is a pan-European bank with a strong presence in Western, Central and Eastern Europe. Through its European banking network, it provides access to market-leading products and services in 13 core markets (Italy, Germany as HypoVereinsbank, Austria as Bank Austria and eleven Central and Eastern European countries.UniCredit Group was the outcome of the 1998 merger of several Italian banking groups, which the majority one were Unicredito (banks from Turin, Verona and Treviso) and Credito Italiano (consists of Rolo Banca, Banca Popolare di Rieti), hence the name Unicredito Italiano. Credito Italiano issued about 38.46% new shares to the owners of Unicredito, and renamed itself to Unicredito Italiano. Other banks such as Banca dell'Umbria, Cassa di Risparmio di Carpi, Cassa di Risparmio di Trento e Rovereto (Caritro), Cassa di Risparmio di Trieste also joined the group in 1998–2000. A new subsidiary was also created in December 1999 which was named after the original Credito Italiano.
<FIFA_10>	FIFA 10 (titled FIFA Soccer 10 in North America) is a football simulation video game developed by EA Canada and published by Electronic Arts worldwide under the EA Sports label. It was released on 2 October 2009 in Europe, 1 October in Australasia and 20 October 2009 in North America. It is available for the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 2 and Wii. Handheld versions of the game were also released for the iOS, Nintendo DS, PlayStation Portable, and mobile phones.The demo of FIFA 10 appeared on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Windows on 10 September in Europe, on 11 September in Australia, and on 17 September in North America. The playable teams were Chelsea, Barcelona, Juventus, Bayern Munich, Marseille and Chicago Fire. The stadia used in the demo were Wembley Stadium (Xbox 360 version), and FIWC Stadium (PlayStation 3 version). The demo offered friendly matches with half lengths of three real-time minutes. As well as playing a friendly match, the demo allows users to upload created in-game videos and screenshots to EA Football World. The tagline for the game is "How big can soccer get?", and "Let's FIFA 10". Commentary is available in 12 languages, with each language boasting around 25,000 phrases. The English version features British commentators Martin Tyler and Andy Gray, while Clive Tyldesley and Andy Gray were still to remainas commentators in PC, PS2, Wii and PSP.
<Rose_Jackson_(actress)>	The Crew is an American sitcom television series that aired on Fox from August 31, 1995, to June 30, 1996.The show follows the lives of a group of flight attendants working for the fictitious Regency Airlines. Jess Jameson and Maggie Reynolds work together and are roommates in the trendy South Beach section of Miami Beach, Florida. Their other friends include Paul, who is gay; Randy, a southern ladies' man; Lenora, a former flight attendant; MacArthur, the bartender of Mambo Mambo, the restaurant at which the cast socialize; and Captain Rex Parker.The series was created by Marc Cherry, Jamie Wooten, John Pardee and Joey Murphy, with Cherry and Wooten as executive producers.  Music production team Wendy Melvoin and Lisa Coleman, aka Wendy & Lisa (formerly of Prince & The Revolution), produced and sang the opening title for the series.
<Fascht_e_Familie>	Fascht e Familie (German: Fast eine Familie) is a Swiss German language television comedy serial (sitcom) of the 1990s. It was filmed and produced at locations in Switzerland by Schweizer Radio und Fernsehen SRF.The real estate agent Rolf Aebersold is trying to sell his aunt Martha's (Trudi Roth) house without her knowledge, but the ad has ended up in the section "Furnished rooms for rent". Nobody's fool, the tough old lady welcomes several lodgers, whose various problems are addressed by this new community, which is "almost a family". Unusual ideas result in confusion and mayhem in every episode. The main setting is the shared kitchen.The series title means almost a family in Swiss German.
<Jon_Bewers>	Jonathan Anthony Bewers (born 10 September 1982) is an English former footballer born in Kettering, Northamptonshire, who briefly played in the Premier League for Aston Villa and in the Football League for Notts County and Walsall. He played as a defender or in midfield. Throughout his career, he has been known as Jonathan Bewers, Jon Bewers, Johny Bewers and currently Jonny Bewers.Bewers came through the Football Association's National School of Excellence at Lilleshall, and began his club career as a schoolboy with Aston Villa. He turned professional in 1999, captained the club's reserve team as a 17-year-old, and made his first-team debut as a late substitute in the Premier League game against Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane on 15 April 2000. Villa won the game 4–2. He was on the bench as Aston Villa won the 2001 UEFA Intertoto Cup.
<Freeman_Dyson>	Freeman John Dyson FRS (15 December 1923 – 28 February 2020) was an English-American theoretical physicist and mathematician known for his works in quantum field theory, astrophysics, random matrices, mathematical formulation of quantum mechanics, condensed matter physics, nuclear physics, and engineering. He was Professor Emeritus in the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton and a member of the Board of Sponsors of the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists.
<Banca_Tirrenica>	Banca Tirrenica S.p.A. formerly known as Nuova Banca dell'Etruria e del Lazio S.p.A. was an Italian bank based in Arezzo, Tuscany. The bank was re-established on 22 November 2015 as a good bank of the original Banca Popolare dell'Etruria e del Lazio (BPEL). The bank was bought by UBI Banca on 18 January 2017 for a nominal fee.Both Tyrrhenian and Etruria were alternative names for the area that is located in Central Western Italy.Banca Mutua Popolare Aretina was founded on 16 April 1881 in Arezzo. On 18 December 1971 the bank absorbed two fellow Tuscan "Popular Banks": Banca Popolare Senese (found 1865 in Siena) and Banca Popolare della Provincia di Livorno, as well as being renamed Banca Popolare dell'Etruria.
<Joan_Verdú>	Joan Verdú Fernández (Spanish: [ɟʝoˈam beɾˈðu]; born 5 May 1983) is a Spanish professional footballer.A versatile midfielder, adept as both central or attacking midfielder, he started professionally at Barcelona, but played mainly for local rivals Espanyol during his career, amassing La Liga totals of 262 games and 35 goals over nine seasons and also representing in the competition Deportivo, Betis and Levante.Born in Barcelona, Catalonia, Verdú was a product of FC Barcelona's youth system. He played mainly for its B side as a senior, making his debut with the main squad on 27 October 2004 in a 1–0 away loss against UDA Gramenet in the round of 64 of the Copa del Rey; his second and last appearance took place on 7 December, in a 2–0 defeat at FC Shakhtar Donetsk for the group stage of the UEFA Champions League.
<Elsa_Pataky>	Elsa Lafuente Medianu (Spanish: [ˈelsa laˈfwente meˈðjanu]; born 18 July 1976), known professionally as Elsa Pataky, is a Spanish model and actress. Pataky is known for her role as Elena Neves in the Fast & Furious franchise. She has appeared in the films Snakes on a Plane (2006), Giallo (2009) and Give 'Em Hell, Malone (2009). She also starred in the Spanish film Di Di Hollywood (2010).Pataky was born Elsa Lafuente Medianu in Madrid, Spain, the daughter of José Francisco Lafuente, a Spanish biochemist, and Cristina Medianu Pataky, a Romanian publicist. She has a younger half-brother: Cristian Prieto Medianu, a cinematographic director. She uses the surname Pataky in homage to her Hungarian maternal grandmother Rosa Pataky.
<C.F._União_de_Lamas>	Clube de Futebol União de Lamas (abbreviated as CF União de Lamas) is a Portuguese football club based in Santa Maria de Lamas, Santa Maria da Feira.CF União de Lamas currently plays in the AF Aveiro Campeonato Sabseg. The club was founded in 1932 and they play their home matches at the Comendador Henrique Amorim in Santa Maria de Lamas.
<Andrew_McNeil>	Andrew McNeil (born 19 January 1987 in Edinburgh) is a retired Scottish football goalkeeper who is currently the goalkeeping coach at Hong Kong Premier League club R&F (Hong Kong).McNeil was previously with Hibernian, for whom he played in the 2007 Scottish League Cup Final win. He has also played in Scottish league football for Montrose, Raith Rovers, Livingston, Airdrieonians and Alloa Athletic. McNeil represented Scotland at three youth international levels.
<India>	India, officially the Republic of India (Hindi: Bhārat Gaṇarājya), is a country in South Asia. It is the seventh-largest country by area, the second-most populous country, and the most populous democracy in the world. Bounded by the Indian Ocean on the south, the Arabian Sea on the southwest, and the Bay of Bengal on the southeast, it shares land borders with Pakistan to the west; China, Nepal, and Bhutan to the north; and Bangladesh and Myanmar to the east. In the Indian Ocean, India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka and the Maldives; its Andaman and Nicobar Islands share a maritime border with Thailand, Myanmar, and Indonesia. Modern humans arrived on the Indian subcontinent from Africa no later than 55,000 years ago.Their long occupation, initially in varying forms of isolation as hunter-gatherers, has made the region highly diverse, second only to Africa in human genetic diversity. Settled life emerged on the subcontinent in the western margins of the Indus river basin 9,000 years ago, evolving gradually into the Indus Valley Civilisation of the third millennium BCE.By 1200 BCE, an archaic form of Sanskrit, an Indo-European language, had diffused into India from the northwest. Its evidence today is found in the hymns of the Rigveda. Preserved by a resolutely vigilant oral tradition, the Rigveda records the dawning of Hinduism in India. The Dravidian languages of India were supplanted in the northern and western regions.By 400 BCE, stratification and exclusion by caste had emerged within Hinduism,and Buddhism and Jainism had arisen, proclaiming social orders unlinked to heredity.Early political consolidations gave rise to the loose-knit Maurya and Gupta Empires based in the Ganges Basin.Their collective era was suffused with wide-ranging creativity, but also marked by the declining status of women, and the incorporation of untouchability into an organised system of belief. In South India, the Middle kingdoms exported Dravidian-languages scripts and religious cultures to the kingdoms of Southeast Asia.
<Brisbane>	Brisbane (/ˈbrɪzbən/ (listen) BRIZ-bən) is the capital and most populous city of the Australian state of Queensland, and the third-most populous city in Australia and Oceania, with a population of approximately 2.6 million. Brisbane lies at the centre of the South East Queensland metropolitan region, which encompasses a population of around 3.8 million. The Brisbane central business district is situated within a peninsula of the Brisbane River about 15 km (9 mi) from its mouth at Moreton Bay, a bay of the Coral Sea. Brisbane is located in the hilly floodplain of the Brisbane River Valley between Moreton Bay and the Taylor and D'Aguilar mountain ranges. It sprawls across several local government areas, most centrally the City of Brisbane, Australia's most populous local government area. The demonym of Brisbane is Brisbanite.The Traditional Owners of the Brisbane area include clans of the Yugara, Turrbal and Quandamooka peoples. The Turrbal word for the Brisbane area is Meeanjin.[dubious  – discuss] The Moreton Bay penal settlement was founded in 1824 at Redcliffe as a place for secondary offenders from the Sydney colony, and soon moved to North Quay in 1825 on the banks of the Brisbane River, so named for Sir Thomas Brisbane. German Lutherans established the first free settlement of Zion Hill at Nundah in 1838, and in 1859 Brisbane was chosen as Queensland's capital when the state separated from New South Wales. By the late 19th century, the city had grown into a major port and centre of immigration. During World War II, the Allied command in the South West Pacific was based in the city, along with the headquarters for General Douglas MacArthur of the United States Army.
<Reformist_Bloc>	The Reformist Bloc (Bulgarian: Реформаторски блок, romanized: Reformatorski blok) was a centre-right electoral alliance in Bulgaria.The coalition agreement to form the alliance was signed on 20 December 2013. The five parties that signed the agreement were: Democrats for a Strong Bulgaria, Bulgaria for Citizens Movement, Union of Democratic Forces, People's Party Freedom and Dignity, and the Bulgarian Agrarian National Union. At the time of signing the coalition the parties had one seat in the European Parliament but none in the National Assembly.In early August 2014 spokesperson Radan Kanev resigned because of what he said was a lack of unity within the alliance: "The image of a united multi-party coalition was replaced by an image of a traditional coalition with many and often conflicting interests."
<HP_Labs>	HP Labs is the exploratory and advanced research group for HP Inc. HP Labs' headquarters is in Palo Alto, California and the group has research and development facilities in Bristol, UK. The development of programmable desktop calculators, inkjet printing, and 3D graphics are credited to HP Labs researchers.HP Labs was established on March 3, 1966, by founders Bill Hewlett and David Packard, seeking to create an organization not bound by day-to-day business concerns.The labs have downsized dramatically; in August 2007, HP executives drastically diminished the number of projects, down from 150 to 30. As of 2018, HP Labs has just over 200 researchers, compared to earlier staffing levels of 500 researchers.
<Heart_of_Midlothian_F.C.>	Heart of Midlothian Football Club, commonly known as Hearts, is a professional football club in Edinburgh, Scotland. The team competes in the Scottish Professional Football League. Hearts, the oldest and most successful football club in the Scottish capital, was formed in 1874, its name influenced by Walter Scott's novel The Heart of Midlothian. The club crest is based on the Heart of Midlothian mosaic on the city's Royal Mile; the team's colours are maroon and white.Hearts have played home matches at Tynecastle Park since 1886. After converting the ground into an all-seater stadium in 1990, it now has a capacity of 19,852 following the completion of a rebuilt main stand in 2017. They have training facilities at the Oriam, Scotland's national performance centre for sport, where they also run their youth academy.
<Charles_Russell_(actor)>	Charles Russell (March 31, 1918 – January 18, 1985) was a movie and radio actor who appeared in 17 movies between 1943 and 1950.[citation needed]Born in New York City, Russell made his debut in an uncredited part as a ball player in Ladies' Day (1943). His last film was Chinatown at Midnight (1949).  He originated the role of insurance investigator Johnny Dollar in the CBS Radio series  Yours Truly, Johnny Dollar in 1949, playing the role until being replaced by Edmond O'Brien in 1950.Russell married fellow 20th Century-Fox contract player Nancy Guild in 1947, and they had one child, a daughter, Elizabeth, in 1949. They divorced in 1950.
<Sam_Houston>	Samuel Houston (/ˈhjuːstən/ (listen), HEW-stən; March 2, 1793 – July 26, 1863) was an American general and statesman who played an important role in the Texas Revolution. He served as the first and third president of the Republic of Texas and was one of the first two individuals to represent Texas in the United States Senate. He also served as the sixth governor of Tennessee and the seventh governor of Texas, the only individual to be elected governor of two different states in the United States.Born in Rockbridge County, Virginia, Houston and his family migrated to Maryville, Tennessee, when Houston was a teenager. Houston later ran away from home and spent about three years living with the Cherokee, becoming known as Raven. He served under General Andrew Jackson in the War of 1812, and after the war, he presided over the removal of many Cherokee from Tennessee. With the support of Jackson and others, Houston won election to the United States House of Representatives in 1823. He strongly supported Jackson's presidential candidacies, and in 1827, Houston was elected as the governor of Tennessee. In 1829, after divorcing his first wife, Houston resigned from office, and moved to Arkansas Territory.
<Anita_Yuen>	Anita Yuen Wing Yee (born 4 September 1971) is a Hong Kong film and television actress.At the age of 18, Yuen entered the Miss Hong Kong 1990 pageant. She was a heavy favorite to win the crown from the semifinal to final. During the semifinals on August 5, 1990, she won the Miss Photogenic award. She had a semifinal score of 485, placing 3rd overall. The finals were held on August 21, 1990. She eventually beat out another big favorite, Helen Yung who was 1st runner up and the winner of 2 other awards. Yuen later represented Hong Kong at the Miss Chinese International 1991 pageant, held on February 2, 1991. She took 1st runner up for Hong Kong. She also competed at the Miss Universe 1991 pageant in Las Vegas, Nevada. She failed to make the top 10 and was placed 60th.Yuen is best known for her role as the female lead in Derek Yee's 1993 tear-jerker C'est la vie, mon chéri (1993).  She is also well-remembered in her cross-gender comic role opposite Leslie Cheung in He's a Woman, She's a Man (1994).  The two roles won for her the Hong Kong Academy Best Actress awards.  She also gave a powerful performance in, for instance, The Chinese Feast, co-starring together with Leslie Cheung. Apart from her role in a great many films, she has also acted in a number of Mainland-Taiwan television serials, such as Hua Mu Lan, opposite Vincent Zhao.
<Bob_Peck>	Robert Peck (23 August 1945 – 4 April 1999) was an English actor who played Ronald Craven in the television serial Edge of Darkness, for which he won the BAFTA TV Award for Best Actor. He was also known for his role as game warden Robert Muldoon in the film Jurassic Park.Robert Peck was born into a working-class family in Leeds, West Riding of Yorkshire, on 23 August 1945. He attended Leeds Modern School in Lawnswood, and performed with the National Youth Theatre for six weeks when he was 15. He then studied at Leeds College of Art, where he received a Diploma in Art and Design, and where he was involved in student amateur dramatics.
<BlazeVOX_Books>	BlazeVOX Books, often stylized as BlazeVOX [books], is an independent publisher founded by Geoffrey Gatza and based in Buffalo, New York. Since 2000, it has published more than 350 books of poetry and prose, most of which fall within the sphere of avant-garde literature.BlazeVOX Books also publishes BlazeVOX, a biannual journal of poetry and prose founded in 1999. Authors published in BlazeVOX include Louis Armand, William James Austin, George Bowering, Mitch Corber, Robert Creeley, Lily Hoang, Lisa Jarnot, Hank Lazer, David Meltzer, Eileen Myles, Ricardo Nazario y Colón, Simon Perchik, Linda Ravenswood, Steve Roggenbuck, Keith Waldrop, Rosmarie Waldrop, Lewis Warsh, and Steven Zultanski.According to the mission statement published by the press, BlazeVOX aims to "disseminate poetry, through print and digital media, both within academic spheres and to society at large," and, more broadly, to "push at the frontiers of what is possible." Its specific commitment, with respect to its sizable contemporary poetry list, is to "publish the innovative works of the greatest minds writing poetry today, from the most respected senior poets to extraordinarily promising young writers." BlazeVOX has also committed itself to publish works "regardless of commercial viability."
<Tony_Carpenter>	Tony Carpenter is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Oscar James, from 28 February 1985 until 28 May 1987.Happy-go-lucky Tony tries to carve himself a successful business and steady home for his family, but nothing he does is ever good enough for his nagging wife.
<Never_Tear_Us_Apart>	"Never Tear Us Apart" is a song by Australian rock band INXS, released in August 1988 as the fourth single from their sixth studio album, Kick.The music was written by keyboardist Andrew Farriss, who recorded a blues-style demo; vocalist Michael Hutchence wrote the lyrics.
<Curt_Johannes_Braun>	Curt Johannes Braun (11 September 1903 – 5 June 1961) was a German screenwriter.
<William_Bowie_Medal>	The William Bowie Medal is awarded annually by the American Geophysical Union for "outstanding contributions to fundamental geophysics and for unselfish cooperation in research". The award is the highest honor given by the AGU and is named in honor of William Bowie, one of the co-founders of the Union.Source: AGU
<University_College_London>	University College London, which operates as UCL, is a public research university in London, United Kingdom. It is a member institution of the federal University of London, and is the second-largest university in the United Kingdom by total enrolment and the largest by postgraduate enrolment.Established in 1826, as London University, by founders inspired by the radical ideas of Jeremy Bentham, UCL was the first university institution to be established in London, and the first in England to be entirely secular and to admit students regardless of their religion. UCL also makes contested claims to being the third-oldest university in England and the first to admit women. In 1836, UCL became one of the two founding colleges of the University of London, which was granted a royal charter in the same year. It has grown through mergers, including with the Institute of Ophthalmology (in 1995), the Institute of Neurology (in 1997), the Royal Free Hospital Medical School (in 1998), the Eastman Dental Institute (in 1999), the School of Slavonic and East European Studies (in 1999), the School of Pharmacy (in 2012) and the Institute of Education (in 2014).
<Nick_Moore_(musician)>	Nick Moore (born July 17, 1983) is an American musician from Findlay, Ohio. He is best known as the lead vocalist and primary songwriter of the Billboard charting band Before Their Eyes on Rise Records.On April 18, 2010, Moore announced that he would be leaving Before Their Eyes and asked for support for his new project, later revealed to be Planet AD. However, on December 26, 2010, he announced via Facebook that he was back in Before Their Eyes.
<Ada_Choi>	Ada Choi Siu-fan (Chinese: 蔡少芬; born 17 September 1973) is a Hong Kong actress best known for her work for TVB television, as an evil empress in the Chinese television series Empresses in the Palace (甄嬛傳), and to a lesser extent, for her film work.Choi was born in 1973 in Hong Kong to a Chaozhou family. Her parents divorced when she was five years old. She speaks Cantonese, Mandarin, Teochow and English. In 1989, at the persuasion of her family, Choi participated in a modeling contest held by TVB at age 15. Two years later, she was a contestant in the 1991 Miss Hong Kong beauty pageant. During the semi-finals she placed first with an overall score of 483. She eventually finished as the second runner-up during the finals. As a result, she signed a contract with TVB and starting taking on acting jobs. She won the TVB Anniversary Award for Best Actress for her performance in Secret of the Heart (1998). Along with Maggie Cheung Ho-yee, Kenix Kwok, Flora Chan and Jessica Hsuan, Choi is known as one of the Top 5 "Fa Dans" (term used for actresses with high popularity) of TVB from the mid-1990s to mid-2000s. In 2009, she starred in Rebellion as a triad gang leader who chain-smokes and curses, a different type of role for Ada. In recent years, she has participated in numerous variety and reality shows as a regular cast member including Up Idol (2015), Run for Time (2015), My Dearest Ladies (2019) and Viva La Romance (2020).On 12 January 2008, Choi married Chinese actor Max Zhang whom she had dated for more than four years. He was her co-star in a number of Zhouyi Media television productions including The Legend of Magic Mirror (2003) and Eight Charts (2005). They have two daughters, Zoe and Chloe, born in 2011 and 2013 respectively. In 2019, they announced on social media that they were expecting their third child.  They welcomed their son, Joey Zhang Le'er aka Yudan in November 2019.
<Pottsville_Maroons>	The Pottsville Maroons were an American football team based in Pottsville, Pennsylvania, in the northeastern part of the state. Founded in 1920, they played in the National Football League (NFL) from 1925 to 1928. In 1929 they relocated to Boston, where they played one season as the Boston Bulldogs.The team was founded as the Pottsville Eleven, an independent team playing in the local eastern Pennsylvania circuit. Home games were played at Minersville Park, a high school stadium in nearby Minersville. They joined the local Anthracite League in 1924, the same year they adopted the "Maroons" nickname, and won the league title. The next season they joined the NFL under owner John G. Streigel. Though dominant on the field, a controversial suspension cost them the 1925 NFL Championship. They were reinstated the following year, but after two successive losing seasons in 1927 and 1928, Streigel sold the Maroons to a group in Boston, where they played one season before folding.1925 was their best season. The 1928 roster included three future Pro Football Hall of Fame members – Johnny "Blood" McNally, Walt Kiesling, and coach Wilbur "Pete" Henry – but posted the worst record in franchise history.  Writer John O'Hara, who would go on to become a world-famous novelist with Appointment in Samarra, covered the team for the local newspaper, the Pottsville Republican.
<Donald_Byrd>	Donaldson Toussaint L'Ouverture Byrd II (December 9, 1932 – February 4, 2013) was an American jazz and rhythm & blues trumpeter and vocalist. A sideman for many other jazz musicians of his generation, Byrd was one of the few hard bop musicians who successfully explored funk and soul while remaining a jazz artist. As a bandleader, Byrd was an influence on the early career of Herbie Hancock.Byrd was born in 1932 in Detroit, Michigan. His family came from the African-American middle-class. His father, Elijah Thomas Byrd, was a Methodist minister who greatly valued education and oversaw his son's schooling. His mother, Cornelia Taylor, introduced Byrd to jazz music and it was her brother who gave Byrd his first trumpet. He attended Cass Technical High School. He performed with Lionel Hampton before finishing high school. During this period, his first professional recording session was in 1949 at Fortune Records in Detroit with the Robert Barnes Sextette for the single "Black Eyed Peas" / "Bobbin’ At Barbee’s."  After playing in a military band during a term in the United States Air Force, Byrd obtained a bachelor's degree in music from Wayne State University and a master's degree from Manhattan School of Music. While still at the Manhattan School, he joined Art Blakey's Jazz Messengers as Clifford Brown’s successor. In 1955, he recorded with Gigi Gryce, Jackie McLean and Mal Waldron. After leaving the Jazz Messengers in 1956, he performed with many leading jazz musicians of the day, including John Coltrane, Sonny Rollins, Thelonious Monk, and later Herbie Hancock.
<Peter_Schreyer>	Peter Schreyer (born 1953) is a German automobile designer widely known for his design contributions to the Audi TT. He has been the chief design officer at Kia Motors since 2006 and, on 28 December 2012, he was named one of three presidents of the company.In 2006, Car Design News called the Audi TT one of "the most influential automotive designs in recent time".Schreyer was born in 1953 in Bad Reichenhall, Bavaria, West Germany, and he began studying in 1975 at the Munich University of Applied Sciences (Fachhochschule München – Industrie Design). He worked with Audi first as a student in 1978, graduating in 1979 with his industrial design degree. Subsequently, he won the Audi Scholarship to study at the Royal College of Art in London from 1979 to 1980 as a transportation design student.
<Worzel_Gummidge_(TV_series)>	Worzel Gummidge is a British television fantasy series, produced by Southern Television for ITV, based on the Worzel Gummidge books by English author Barbara Euphan Todd. The programme starred Jon Pertwee as the titular scarecrow and Una Stubbs as Aunt Sally. It ran for four series in the UK from 1979 to 1981. On a countdown of the greatest British children's programmes, this series was number 50 in the 50 Greatest Kids TV Shows on Channel 5 on 8 November 2013. Channel 4 reprised the show in 1987 as Worzel Gummidge Down Under, which was set in New Zealand.In 1979, a television adaptation of Worzel Gummidge was produced by ITV station Southern Television for transmission on the ITV network. It was written by Keith Waterhouse and Willis Hall, and starred former Doctor Who actor Jon Pertwee as Worzel and Una Stubbs as Aunt Sally, a life-size fairground doll and Worzel's femme fatale. This was a significant change from the original books, where Aunt Sally is Worzel's aunt, and Worzel is married to Earthy Mangold, a character who does not appear in the series. The Crowman, who made Worzel and some of his other scarecrow friends, is played by Geoffrey Bayldon, who had played the title role in Catweazle. Regular and occasional guest appearances were made by well-known TV actors of the time, including Barbara Windsor, Billy Connolly, Bill Maynard, Joan Sims, Lorraine Chase, Bernard Cribbins, Connie Booth, David Lodge and Mike Reid.
<The_Water_That_Falls_on_You_from_Nowhere>	"The Water That Falls on You from Nowhere" is a 2013 science fiction/magic realism short story by American writer John Chu. It was first published on Tor.com, after being purchased by editor Ann VanderMeer, and subsequently republished in Wilde Stories 2014. As well, Chu has read the story aloud for the StarShipSofa podcast.Some weeks prior to the beginning of the story, an unexplained phenomenon begins worldwide: whenever a person lies, water falls on that person from nowhere. Phrasing a potential lie as a question does not cause water to fall, while stating an untruth that one believes to be true does. Conversely, profound or universal truths can actually remove moisture from the air. In the midst of this phenomenon, Matt decides to come out to his traditional Chinese family after his partner, Gus, refuses to marry him until he does.
<Ruth_Hubbard>	Ruth Hubbard (March 3, 1924 – September 1, 2016) was a professor of biology at Harvard University, where she was the first woman to hold a tenured professorship position in biology.During her active research career from the 1940s to the 1960s, she made important contributions to the understanding of the biochemistry and photochemistry of vision in vertebrates and invertebrates. In 1967, she and George Wald shared the Paul Karrer Gold Medal for their work in this area.
<Nicholas_Goodrick-Clarke>	Nicholas Goodrick-Clarke (15 January 1953 – 29 August 2012) was a British historian and professor of Western esotericism at the University of Exeter, best known for his authorship of several scholarly books on the history of Germany between the World Wars, esoteric and occult traditions.Goodrick-Clarke was born in Lincoln, UK, on 15 January 1953, and was an Open Exhibitioner at Lancing College. He studied German, politics, and philosophy at the University of Bristol, and gained a B.A. with distinction. Moving to St. Edmund Hall, Oxford, Goodrick-Clarke took a Ph.D. with a dissertation on the modern Occult Revival and Theosophy at the end of the twentieth century.
<William_Pereira>	William Leonard Pereira (April 25, 1909 – November 13, 1985) was an American architect from Chicago, Illinois, who was noted for his futuristic designs of landmark buildings such as the Transamerica Pyramid in San Francisco. Remarkably prolific, he worked out of Los Angeles, and was known for his love of science fiction and expensive cars, but mostly for his unmistakable style of architecture, which helped define the look of mid-20th century America.Pereira was born in Chicago, Illinois, the son of Sarah (Friedberg) and Saul Pereira. His paternal grandfather was of Portuguese Sephardi Jewish ancestry, and his other grandparents were Ashkenazi Jews. Pereira graduated from the School of Architecture, University of Illinois and began his career in his home city. He had some of his earliest architectural experience helping to draft the master plan for the 1933 "A Century of Progress" Chicago World's Fair. With his brother, Hal Pereira, he designed the Esquire Theater at 58 East Oak Street, considered one of Chicago's best examples of Art Deco style.
<The_Death_of_Artemio_Cruz>	The Death of Artemio Cruz (Spanish: La muerte de Artemio Cruz, pronounced [aɾˈtemjo ˈkɾus]) is a novel written in 1962 by Mexican writer Carlos Fuentes. It is considered to be a milestone in the Latin American Boom.Artemio Cruz, a corrupt soldier, politician, journalist, tycoon, and lover, lies on his deathbed, recalling the shaping events of his life, from the Mexican Revolution through the development of the Institutional Revolutionary Party. His family crowds around, pressing him to reveal the location of his will; a priest provides extreme unction, angling for a deathbed confession and reconciliation with the Church (while Artemio indulges in obscene thoughts about the birth of Jesus); his private secretary has come with audiotapes of various corrupt dealings, many with gringo diplomats and speculators. Punctuating the sordid record of betrayal is Cruz's awareness of his failing body and his keen attachment to sensual life. Finally his thoughts decay into a drawn-out death.The Death of Artemio Cruz is today "widely regarded as a seminal work of modern Spanish American literature". Like many of Fuentes' works, the novel used rotating narrators, a technique critic Karen Hardy described as demonstrating "the complexities of a human or national personality". The novel is heavily influenced by Orson Welles' Citizen Kane, and attempts literary parallels to Welles' techniques, including close-up, cross-cutting, deep focus, and flashback. Like Kane, the novel begins with the titular protagonist on his deathbed; the story of Cruz's life is then filled in by flashbacks as the novel moves between past and present. Cruz is a former soldier of the Mexican Revolution who has become wealthy and powerful through "violence, blackmail, bribery, and brutal exploitation of the workers". The novel explores the corrupting effects of power and criticizes the distortion of the revolutionaries' original aims through "class domination, Americanization, financial corruption, and failure of land reform".
<Royal_Festival_Hall>	The Royal Festival Hall is a 2,700-seat concert, dance and talks venue within Southbank Centre in London. It is situated on the South Bank of the River Thames, not far from Hungerford Bridge, in the London Borough of Lambeth. It is a Grade I listed building, the first post-war building to become so protected (in 1981). The London Philharmonic Orchestra, the Philharmonia Orchestra, the Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment, the London Sinfonietta, Chineke! and Aurora are resident orchestras at Southbank Centre.The hall was built as part of the Festival of Britain for London County Council, and was officially opened on 3 May 1951. When the LCC's successor, the Greater London Council, was abolished in 1986, the Festival Hall was taken over by the Arts Council, and managed together with the Queen Elizabeth Hall and Purcell Room (opened 1967) and the Hayward Gallery (1968), eventually becoming an independent arts organisation, now known as the Southbank Centre, in April 1998.
<Watergate_Halt_railway_station>	Watergate Halt was an intermediate halt on the initially privately run North Devon and Cornwall Junction Light Railway."It was one of those moments you always remember – a first glimpse, caught through the dappled sunlight of a woodland glade. Deep within the heart of North Devon, I came across this tiny wayside halt, no longer than a single carriage length."
<Kevin_A._Ford>	Kevin Anthony Ford (born July 7, 1960) is a retired United States Air Force Colonel and NASA astronaut. Ford has received a number of special honors and awards, some of which are the Air Force Meritorious Service Medal, Air Force Commendation Medal, Aerial Achievement Medal and the Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal. Ford has also logged more than 6,100 flying hours and also holds FAA certificates for airplanes, helicopters, gliders, and balloons. Ford has served in many roles at NASA since his selection in July 2000. The roles include as a Capsule Communicator or CAPCOM. He was also the Director Of Operations at the Gagarin Cosmonaut Training Center in Star City, Russia from January 2004 to January 2005. He was Pilot of STS-128 and Flight Engineer 2 of Soyuz TMA-06M from October 23, 2012, to March 16, 2013.  He served as ISS Flight Engineer for Expedition 33, and Commander of Expedition 34 .Ford was born July 7, 1960, in Portland, Indiana and considers Montpelier, Indiana his hometown. He graduated from Blackford High School, Hartford City, Indiana in 1978. He received his Bachelor of Science degree in Aerospace Engineering from the University of Notre Dame in 1982, a Master of Science degree in International Relations from Troy State University in 1989, a Master of Science degree in Aerospace Engineering from the University of Florida in 1994, and a Ph.D. in Astronautical Engineering from the U.S. Air Force Institute of Technology in 1997.  He has attended the U.S. Air Force Squadron Officer School, the Air Command and Staff College Associate Program, and the Air War College.
<National_Renewal_Alliance>	The National Renewal Alliance (Portuguese: Aliança Renovadora Nacional, ARENA) was a far-right political party that existed in Brazil between 1966 and 1979. It was the official party of the military dictatorship that ruled Brazil from 1964 to 1985.ARENA was part of a two-party system enforced by the dictadorship instituted on 1966, where only it and the Brazilian Democratic Movement (MDB) — the "consented opposition" — were allowed. On 1979, a multi-party system was reintroduced to Brazil, both MDB and ARENA were officially dissolved, and the Democratic Social Party (PDS) was founded as a continuation of ARENA. Soon thereafter, PDS had a split which saw the creation of the Liberal Front Party (PFL), current Brazil Union (UNIÃO), while PDS merged with the PDC in 1993 became the Reform Progressive Party (PPR), which became the current Progressives (PP) on 1995.Up to 1965, there were three main parties in Brazil: the populist Brazilian Labour Party (PTB), the centrist Social Democratic Party (PSD) and the conservative National Democratic Union (UDN). In 1964, the government of President João Goulart was overthrown by a military coup d'etat, but in contrast to other Latin American dictatorships, the Brazilian military-controlled government did not abolish Congress. Instead, in 1965, the government banned all existing political parties and created a two-party system.  ARENA, the pro-government party, was formed by politicians from the bulk of the UDN, the right wing of the PSD, and the bulk of the integralist Party of Popular Representation. The main body of the PSD joined most of the PTB in forming the Brazilian Democratic Movement (MDB), the opposition.
<Ardiente_paciencia>	Ardiente Paciencia, or El Cartero De Neruda, is a 1985 novel by Antonio Skármeta.  The novel was published in the English market under the title The Postman.  It tells the story of Mario Jiménez, a fictional postman who befriends the real-life poet, politician and Nobel Prize winner Pablo Neruda, and is set in the years around the 1973 Chilean coup d'état.The novel is based on the motion picture of the same author released in 1983, and it was turned into another movie in 1995 as Il Postino, directed by Michael Radford. It was also turned into an opera, Il Postino, by Daniel Catán, with Plácido Domingo portraying Pablo Neruda (premiered at the Los Angeles Opera, 2010).The story opens in June, 1969 in the little village of Isla Negra, on the coast of Chile.
<Brendan_I._Koerner>	Brendan Ian Koerner (born September 21, 1974) is an American author who has been a contributing editor and columnist for Wired magazine, The New York Times, Slate magazine, and others. His books include Now the Hell Will Start (2008) and The Skies Belong to Us (2013).Koerner graduated from Yale University with a BA degree. In college, he contributed to campus humor magazine The Yale Record.
<Free_Trade_Party>	The Free Trade Party which was officially known as the Australian Free Trade and Liberal Association, also referred to as the Revenue Tariff Party in some states, was an Australian political party, formally organised in 1887 in New South Wales, in time for the 1887 colony election, which the party won. It advocated the abolition of protectionism, especially protective tariffs and other restrictions on trade, arguing that this would create greater prosperity for all. However, many members also advocated use of minimal tariffs for government revenue purposes only. Its most prominent leader was George Reid, who led the Reid Government as the fourth Prime Minister of Australia (1904–05). In New South Wales it was succeeded by the Liberal and Reform Association in 1902, and federally by the Anti-Socialist Party in 1906. In 1909, the Anti-Socialist Party merged with the Protectionist Party to form the Commonwealth Liberal Party.The party was centred on New South Wales, where its leaders were Sir Henry Parkes and Sir George Reid. It dominated New South Wales colonial politics before federation. It first contested the 1887 New South Wales election.
<Ludwig_Roth>	Ludwig Roth (June 10, 1909 – November 1, 1967) was the Aerospace engineer who was the head of the Peenemünde Future Projects Office which designed the Wasserfall and created advanced rockets designs such as the A9/A10 ICBM.Roth arrived in New York under Operation Paperclip on November 16, 1945 via the SS Argentina and served at Fort Bliss and Huntsville, Alabama. He and his family relocated to Palos Verdes, California. His son Axel Rothwent on to work for NASA as an engineer, and ended his career as Associate Director of Marshall Space Flight Center.  His son Volker worked for Boeing as Space Lab Design Manager. His grandson Karl Roth currently works for COLSA Corporation supporting International Space Station Payload Ground System Integration.
<Yvonne_Howell>	Yvonne Howell (July 31, 1905 – May 27, 2010) was an actress whose career began in silent films.Howell's mother was vaudeville performer and silent actress Alice Howell and her father was Benjamin Vincent Shevlin.
<Milton_Friedman>	Milton Friedman (/ˈfriːdmən/ (listen); July 31, 1912 – November 16, 2006) was an American economist and statistician who received the 1976 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences for his research on consumption analysis, monetary history and theory and the complexity of stabilization policy. With George Stigler and others, Friedman was among the intellectual leaders of the Chicago school of economics, a neoclassical school of economic thought associated with the work of the faculty at the University of Chicago that rejected Keynesianism in favor of monetarism until the mid-1970s, when it turned to new classical macroeconomics heavily based on the concept of rational expectations. Several students, young professors and academics who were recruited or mentored by Friedman at Chicago went on to become leading economists, including Gary Becker, Robert Fogel, Thomas Sowell and Robert Lucas Jr.Friedman's challenges to what he called "naive Keynesian theory" began with his interpretation of consumption, which tracks how consumers spend. He introduced a theory which would later become part of the mainstream and among the first to propagate the theory of consumption smoothing. During the 1960s, he became the main advocate opposing Keynesian government policies, and described his approach (along with mainstream economics) as using "Keynesian language and apparatus" yet rejecting its initial conclusions. He theorized that there existed a natural rate of unemployment and argued that unemployment below this rate would cause inflation to accelerate. He argued that the Phillips curve was in the long run vertical at the "natural rate" and predicted what would come to be known as stagflation. Friedman promoted a macroeconomic viewpoint known as monetarism and argued that a steady, small expansion of the money supply was the preferred policy, as compared to rapid, and unexpected changes. His ideas concerning monetary policy, taxation, privatization and deregulation influenced government policies, especially during the 1980s. His monetary theory influenced the Federal Reserve's monetary policy in response to the global financial crisis of 2007–2008.
<SYAC_UAV>	The SYAC UAV are a type of Chinese UAVs developed by Shenyang Aircraft Corporation (SYAC), some of which have entered service with Chinese military and local law enforcement and governmental establishments.Divine Eagle (Shen-Diao or Shendiao, 神雕) is a little-known jet-powered Chinese UAV under development reportedly since 2012 and possibly in service as of 2018, with its existence first revealed in the Chinese military aircraft development genealogy map (中国军用飞机发展族谱图) as a high altitude long endurance (HALE) counter stealth UAV (高空远程反隐身无人机). It was confirmed by Chinese official sources when the autobiography of aircraft designer academician Li Ming (李明) was published in 2012, in which it was revealed that the Divine Eagle was designed by the 601st Institute (more commonly known as Shenyang Aircraft Design Institute) of SYAC, originally as a proof of concept aircraft for the development of counter stealth UAV. A graphic from a Chinese publication showed the employment concept for a large UAV similar to the Shenyang 'Divine Eagle' concept in a multi-platform warning system. Sukhoi's S-62 UAV concept and variations demonstrated in the 2013 Moscow Airshow are similar to the Divine Eagle，and Sukhoi officials noted that China had expressed "great interest" in the Zond designs. The first confirmed photo of Divine Eagle was revealed in mid 2015 when a photograph of it taxiing was published on the internet.Divine Eagle is currently the largest UAV in China (as of 2015), with its length approaching that of Shenyang J-11. The photo of Divine Eagle taxiing suggests a fuselage height to length ratio of 1:12, giving probable length of 14.4 to 18 meters, and the wingspan is estimated at 40 to 50 meters. Divine Eagle adopts a unique layout in that it is in twin boom layout with twin tail and what appears to be a low wing configuration. The fuselages have bulbous noses that house satellite communication antennas, and the canard wing is mounted between them but not at the leading edge. A much longer high-aspect ratio wing is mounted aft and an apparent high-bypass turbofan is mounted between two large vertical stabilisers. Divine Eagle carries up to seven AESA radars. It has a maximum flight ceiling of 25 km and a maximum speed of Mach 0.8.
<Walter_Liberty_Vernon>	Colonel Walter Liberty Vernon VD FRIBA (11 August 1846 – 17 January 1914) was an English architect who migrated to Australia and pursued his career as an architect in Sydney, New South Wales. In his role as the New South Wales Government Architect he is noted for designing multiple government buildings, many of which are extant with listings on national and state heritage registers.
<Andrea_Levy>	Andrea Levy FRSL (7 March 1956 – 14 February 2019) was an English author best known for the novels Small Island (2004) and The Long Song (2010). She was born in London to Jamaican parents, and her work explores topics related to British Jamaicans and how they negotiate racial, cultural and national identities.
<T._T._Chang>	Te-Tzu Chang or T. T. Chang (simplified Chinese: 张德慈; traditional Chinese: 張德慈; pinyin: Zhāng Décí; 1927–2006) was a prominent Chinese agricultural and environmental scientist.Chang was born in Shanghai on April 3, 1927 to a "scholar-gentry" family. Chang's father graduated from the Saint John's University in Shanghai and won the Boxer Rebellion Indemnity Scholarship Program and completed his study in the United States. Chang had three (older) sisters and one (younger) brother.Chang finished his secondary education at the Saint John's School (a middle school afflicted to the Saint John's University) in Shanghai. Chang at beginning studied agricultural science at the Saint John's University in Shanghai, which was his father's alma mater. After about one year, Chang transferred to the University of Nanking in Nanjing and majored in agriculture and horticulture. Chang graduated from University of Nanking with BSA in 1949.
<Vasco_M._Tanner>	Vasco Myron Tanner (October 29, 1892 – April 25, 1989) was an American entomologist from Utah, professor of zoology, and chair of the zoology and entomology departmentat Brigham Young University (BYU). Tanner also taught at Dixie College while he did research. He published over 140 scientific articles, mostly focusing on insects, but also researching birds, mammals, reptiles and fishes. He also founded the journal The Great Basin Naturalist. Tanner was a part of numerous entomology recreational societies and worked to reduce flood risk as chair of the forestry and flood control committee with Provo's Chamber of Commerce. Tanner created and funded an award at Dixie College, which still exists today. He also donated money to create a entomological research fund at the college. He has numerous insect species named after him because of his research in the field.Vasco Myron Tanner was born to John Myron and Lois Ann Stevens Tanner on October 29, 1892, in Payson, Utah. He spent his childhood in farms in Indianola and Fairview, Utah.  His younger brother Wilmer Webster Tanner became a noted herpetologist. In 1909, at age 17, he moved to Provo, living with extended family while he attended  Brigham Young High School for two years. He finished high school at the newly established North Sanpete High School.In 1912, he attended college at Brigham Young University for three years, where he majored in biology. He received a scholarship which paid for two years of his tuition there.  He graduated from Brigham Young University in 1915.
<Dmitri_Bulykin>	Dmitri Olegovich Bulykin (Russian: Дмитрий Олегович Булыкин; born 20 November 1979) is a retired Russian footballer. Between 2003 and 2005, he played regularly for the Russian national team.Bulykin began his football career with Lokomotiv Moscow in 1997. He stayed with Lokomotiv for three years scoring 28 goals in 94 appearances and attracted quite a bit of attention.In Lokomotiv Moscow Bulykin won Silver medals (1999, 2000), Bronze (1997) and two times Russian Cup (1997, 2000).
<Valencia_CF>	Valencia Club de Fútbol (Spanish: [baˈlenθja ˈkluβ ðe ˈfuðβol], Valencian: València Club de Futbol [vaˈlensia ˈklub de fubˈbɔl]), commonly referred to as Valencia CF (or simply Valencia) is a professional football club based in Valencia, Spain, that currently plays in La Liga, the top flight of the Spanish league system. Valencia were founded in 1919 and have played their home games at the 55.000-seater Mestalla since 1923.Valencia has won six Spanish League titles, eight Copa del Rey titles, one Supercopa de España, and one Copa Eva Duarte. In European competitions, they have won two Inter-Cities Fairs Cups, one UEFA Cup, one UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, two UEFA Super Cups, and one UEFA Intertoto Cup. They also reached two UEFA Champions League finals in a row (2000 and 2001). Valencia were also members of the G-14 group of leading European football clubs and since its end has been part of the original members of the European Club Association. In total, Valencia have reached seven major European finals, winning four of them.
<Bura_(footballer)>	Miguel Ângelo Marques Granja  (born 17 December 1988), known as Bura, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a central defender for C.D. Mafra.He played 55 Primeira Liga matches for Paços de Ferreira, Beira-Mar and Penafiel, but spent most of his career in the second division where he made over 240 appearances with six teams, mainly Académico de Viseu.Born in Matosinhos, Porto Metropolitan Area, Bura began his youth career with hometown clubs Leixões S.C. and F.C. Infesta before joining FC Porto at the age of 17. Never included for a matchday squad with the team, he had his first senior experience in the third division on loan to G.D. Ribeirão, and professional one with Portimonense SC, S.C. Covilhã, Gil Vicente F.C. and F.C. Penafiel all in Segunda Liga.
<Ankit_Trivedi>	Ankit Trivedi (born 9 March 1981) is a Gujarati language poet, writer, columnist, and emcee from Gujarat, India. His significant works include Gazal Purvak (collection of ghazals) and Geet Purvak (collection of geets). The Indian National Theater in Mumbai awarded him the 2008 Shayda Award for his contribution to Gujarati ghazal. He has received the Takhtasinh Parmar Prize, Yuva Gaurav Puraskar, and the Yuva Puraskar. In 2019, he was awarded a D.Lit. by Gujarat University.Trivedi was born in Ahmedabad, Gujarat to Amarishkumar and Jayshribahen. He took his schooling at Ahmedabad and completed a Bachelor of Commerce from Gujarat University.
<Soaring_Stones>	Soaring Stones, also known as Rouse Rocks, Soaring Rocks, and Stones on Sticks, is a 1990 granite-and-steel sculpture by John T. Young. It was first installed in the Transit Mall of Portland, Oregon, and was later sited as Soaring Stones #4 at Whitman College in Walla Walla, Washington. The sculpture was commissioned for $100,000 to replace a fountain that was removed during construction of Pioneer Place.During the construction of the MAX Light Rail in 2006, it was removed and returned to Young, who then donated the work to Whitman College. The sculpture is intended to represent the "interface between man and nature"; it features six irregular Washington granite rock forms installed in a row, in order of ascending height. The work inspired David Glenn, professor of music at Whitman College, to compose a piano quintet piece titled "Sculpture Garden for Piano Quintet" for the 2009 Walla Walla Chamber Music Festival.
<Liberal_Party_(Brazil)>	Within Brazil, Liberal Party may refer to:
<William_Webster_(Australian_politician)>	William Webster (7 June 1860 – 3 October 1936) was an Australian politician. He began his career in the Australian Labor Party (ALP), serving a single term in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly (1901–1903) before winning election to the House of Representatives at the 1903 federal election. He served as Postmaster-General in the Hughes Government from 1915 to 1920. He left the ALP during the 1916 party split and remained in parliament as a Nationalist until his defeat in 1919.Born in Everton, Lancashire, England, he was the son of John Webster, a labourer, and Elizabeth, née Poynton. Leaving school at 13, Webster migrated to New South Wales in 1879 and, having quarried stone at Pyrmont and saved prodigiously, was able to bring the rest of his family to Sydney. By the next year he was financial secretary of the Trades and Labor Council. He married Jane Buckney on 7 June 1883 at Marrickville, and the firm he founded, Webster Bros, was one of the first in New South Wales to observe the standard wage and eight-hour day.
<Valerie_French_(actress)>	Valerie French (born Valerie Harrison; 11 March 1928 [or 1932] – 3 November 1990) was an English film and stage actress whose career began in 1954, with much occurring in 1956.French was born in London and spent her early childhood in Spain. She returned to Britain to become a student at Malvern Girls' College. After graduating, she joined the BBC drama department, working in television production before deciding to become an actress and joining the Theatre Royal Repertory Company.[citation needed] She considered her "real start in the theatre" to have been at the Theatre Royal, Windsor in Berkshire, England.
<Burqavaganza>	Burqavaganza (Urdu: برقع وگینزا) is a controversial satirical play written by Shahid Nadeem about the burqa worn by conservative Muslim women, staged in Pakistan in 2010 by the Ajoka Theater Company.Ajoka Theatre is a drama group founded by playwright Madeeha Gauhar, with the goal of producing "socially meaningful theatre about women's issues and Sufi ideas."Burkavaganza has received criticism with conservative members of the society for being blasphemous. Madeeha Gauhar, with the Ajoka Theatre group, stated in an interview with BBC that "the play is not designed to offend Islam or any other religion". In 2012 Gauhar stated "some people say it is burqa bashing. It certainly is not; it has many layers of meaning, and I think that's precisely why it was deemed subversive and subsequently it was not allowed to be performed." For some, "Burqavaganza" is a funny love story in the time of jihad. For others, it mocks Islam. Burqavaganza play has successfully brought Ajoka into the limelight because of its highly controversial theme.
<Kate_Klise>	Catherine "Kate" Klise (born April 13 in 1963) is an American writer known for children's fiction. Many of her books are illustrated by her sister, M. Sarah Klise. Their popular Regarding series is presented in a scrapbook format, with letters, journal entries, and related ephemera telling the story. She is also known for her picture books as well as the bestselling 43 Old Cemetery Road series. Klise's first adult novel, In the Bag, was released in 2012. She is a contributor to The Huffington Post.Klise was the fourth of six children born to educational film producer Thomas and Marjorie Klise. Raised in Peoria, Illinois, she attended Marquette University and spent fifteen years working as a correspondent for People magazine. She lives near Norwood, Missouri (from no later than 2007 apparently) –on "a 40-acre farm in the Missouri Ozarks", she says in 2016. Her Huffington Post blog is subtitled "Writer and hiker".Klise has identified E. B. White as one influence.
<Alan_Howard>	Alan Howard may refer to:
<Sofia>	Sofia (/ˈsoʊfiə, ˈsɒf-, soʊˈfiːə/ SOH-fee-ə, SOF-; Bulgarian: София, romanized: Sofiya, IPA: [ˈsɔfijɐ] (listen)) is the capital and largest city of Bulgaria. It is situated in the Sofia Valley at the foot of the Vitosha mountain in the western parts of the country. The city is built west of the Iskar river, and has many mineral springs, such as the Sofia Central Mineral Baths. It has a humid continental climate. Being in the centre of the Balkans, it is midway between the Black Sea and the Adriatic Sea, and closest to the Aegean Sea.Known as Serdica in Antiquity and Sredets in the Middle Ages, Sofia has been an area of human habitation since at least 7000 BC. The recorded history of the city begins with the attestation of the conquest of Serdica by the Roman Republic in 29 BC from the Celtic tribe Serdi. During the decline of the Roman Empire, the city was raided by Huns, Visigoths, Avars and Slavs. In 809, Serdica was incorporated into the Bulgarian Empire by Khan Krum and became known as Sredets. In 1018, the Byzantines ended Bulgarian rule until 1194, when it was reincorporated by the reborn Bulgarian Empire. Sredets became a major administrative, economic, cultural and literary hub until its conquest by the Ottomans in 1382. From 1530 to 1836, Sofia was the regional capital of Rumelia Eyalet, the Ottoman Empire's key province in Europe. Bulgarian rule was restored in 1878. Sofia was selected as the capital of the Third Bulgarian State in the next year, ushering a period of intense demographic and economic growth.
<St._Nicholas_Historic_District>	The St. Nicholas Historic District, known colloquially as "Striver's Row", is a historic district located on both sides of West 138th and West 139th Streets between Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Boulevard (Seventh Avenue) and Frederick Douglass Boulevard (Eighth Avenue) in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.  It is both a national and a New York City district, and consists of row houses and associated buildings designed by three architectural firms and built in 1891–93 by developer David H. King Jr.  These are collectively recognized as gems of New York City architecture, and "an outstanding example of late 19th-century urban design":There are three sets of buildings:
<William_Galston>	William Arthur Galston (/ˈɡɔːlstən/; born January 17, 1946) holds the Ezra K. Zilkha Chair in Governance Studies and is a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution; he joined the think tank on January 1, 2006. Formerly the Saul Stern Professor and Dean at the School of Public Policy at the University of Maryland and a professor of political science at the University of Texas, Austin, Galston specializes in issues of U.S. public philosophy and political institutions.He is the son of Yale University plant physiologist Arthur Galston.He was deputy assistant for domestic policy to U.S. President Bill Clinton (January 1993 – May 1995).  He has also been employed by the presidential campaigns of Al Gore (1988, 2000), Walter Mondale, and John B. Anderson. Since 1995, Galston has served as a founding member of the Board of the National Campaign to Prevent Teen Pregnancy and as chair of the Campaign's Task Force on Religion and Public Values.
<Jason_Biggs>	Jason Matthew Biggs (born May 12, 1978) is an American actor and comedian. He is best known for playing Jim Levenstein in the American Pie comedy film series and Larry Bloom in the Netflix original series Orange Is the New Black. He also starred in Boys and Girls, Loser, Saving Silverman, Anything Else, Jersey Girl, Eight Below, Over Her Dead Body, and My Best Friend's Girl. Biggs initially gained recognition from his role in the soap opera As the World Turns, for which he was nominated for the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actor in a Drama Series in 1995.Biggs was born on May 12, 1978 in Pompton Plains, New Jersey, to Angela (née Zocco), a nurse, and Gary Louis Biggs, a shipping company manager. His father is of English and Italian descent and his mother is of Sicilian descent. His last name is derived from his English ancestry. He was raised Roman Catholic.
<Irene_Bedard>	Irene Bedard (born July 22, 1967) is an American actress, who has played mostly lead Native American roles in a variety of films. She is perhaps best known for the role of Suzy Song in the 1998 film Smoke Signals, an adaptation of a Sherman Alexie collection of short stories, as well as for providing the speaking voice for the titular character in the 1995 animated film Pocahontas. Bedard reprised her role as Pocahontas in the films direct-to-video follow-up, Pocahontas II: Journey to a New World (1998) and for a cameo in Ralph Breaks the Internet (2018).Bedard was born in Anchorage, Alaska and is of Iñupiat and French Canadian/Cree (Métis) heritage and an enrolled member of the Native Village of Koyuk in Alaska. Bedard graduated from Dimond High School in Anchorage, Alaska in 1985. Bedard attended The University of the Arts in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania where she studied musical theater. In 1994, Bedard appeared in her first role as Mary Crow Dog in the television production of Lakota Woman: Siege at Wounded Knee, which depicted the 1970s standoff between the US government and citizens of several Native nations, including many of the Pine Ridge Reservation, at Wounded Knee, South Dakota. For this role, she was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Miniseries or Television Film. She is probably best known as the voice of the eponymous heroine in the 1995 Disney animated film Pocahontas, the direct-to-video 1998 sequel Pocahontas II: Journey to a New World and in the 2018 film Ralph Breaks the Internet. She appeared in a different take of the story in Terence Malick's 2005 film The New World, as Pocahontas's mother, Nonoma Winanuske Matatiske.
<Richard_Neustadt>	Richard Elliott Neustadt (June 26, 1919 – October 31, 2003) was an American political scientist specializing in the United States presidency. He also served as adviser to several presidents. He was the author of the books Presidential Power and, with Harvey V. Fineberg, The Swine Flu Affair: Decision-Making on a Slippery Disease.Neustadt was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the son of Elizabeth (Neufeld) and Richard Mitchells Neustadt, who was a progressive activist and social worker. His family were Jews whose ancestors were from Central Europe. Neustadt received a BA in History from the University of California, Berkeley in 1939, followed by an M.A. degree from Harvard University in 1941. After a short stint as an economist in the Office of Price Administration, he joined the US Navy in 1942, where he was a supply officer in the Aleutian Islands; Oakland, California; and Washington. He then went into the Bureau of Budget (now known as the Office of Management and Budget) while he was working on his Harvard Ph.D., which he received in 1951.
<Darley_Stud>	Darley Stud is located at Dalham Hall, the global breeding operation owned by Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid al-Maktoum, the Ruler of Dubai and vice-president of the United Arab Emirates. It is on the outskirts of Newmarket, Suffolk, the international headquarters and historic home of thoroughbred horse racing.Darley currently stands more than 50 stallions around the world: in England at Dalham Hall Stud, in Ireland at Kildangan Stud, in the United States at Jonabell Farm, in Lexington, Kentucky, and on two stud farms in Australia: at Northwood Park, Victoria, and at Kelvinside in the Hunter Valley in New South Wales. Darley stallions also stand in France and Japan.
<The_Time_of_Your_Life>	The Time of Your Life is a 1939 five-act play by American playwright William Saroyan. The play is the first drama to win both the Pulitzer Prize for Drama and the New York Drama Critics Circle Award. The play opened on Broadway in 1939.The play is set in  Nick's Pacific Street Saloon, Restaurant and Entertainment Palace, a run down dive bar in San Francisco.  Much of the action of the play centers around Joe, a young loafer with money who encourages each of the bar's patrons in their eccentricities. Joe helps out a would-be dancer, Harry, and sets up his flunky, Tom, with a prostitute, Kitty Duval.  The bar is frequented by a number of colorful characters, including a frenetic young man in love, an old man who looks like Kit Carson, and an affluent society couple.Nick's saloon is based on the café operated by Izzy Gomez in San Francisco, which Saroyan frequented.
<Absolutely_American>	Absolutely American: Four Years at West Point is a 2003 book by American author David Lipsky. It was placed on several top book lists, including Amazon's Best Books of the Year (2003). The work became a New York Times Notable Book and a New York Times bestseller.The book recounts four years in the lives of students at the United States Military Academy.
<Shigetada_Nakanishi>	Shigetada Nakanishi (born January 7, 1942) is a Japanese biochemist and neuroscientist. Both a medical doctor and biomedical researcher by training, Nakanishi is the director of the Osaka Bioscience Institute and professor emeritus at Kyoto University. He has received several scientific awards for his research in neuroscience, having characterized the molecular structure or function of several protein receptors.He is a foreign associate of the National Academy of Sciences and a foreign honorary member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in the U.S.Nakanishi grew up in Ōgaki in rural central Japan. He earned a medical degree at Kyoto University and, though his family hoped that he would enter medical practice, he continued his studies for a Ph.D. and opted for a research career. Nakanishi said that he considered clinical medicine, but he was swayed toward research as he realized that many modern medical conditions were still not well understood from a basic science perspective.
<Steve_Allen>	Stephen Valentine Patrick William Allen (December 26, 1921 – October 30, 2000) was an American television personality, radio personality, musician, composer, actor, comedian, and writer. In 1954, he achieved national fame as the co-creator and first host of The Tonight Show, which was the first late-night television talk show.Though he got his start in radio, Allen is best known for his extensive network television career. He gained national attention as a guest host on Arthur Godfrey's Talent Scouts. After he hosted The Tonight Show, he went on to host numerous game and variety shows, including his own The Steve Allen Show, I've Got a Secret, and The New Steve Allen Show. He was a regular panel member on CBS's What's My Line? and, from 1977 until 1981, he wrote, produced, and hosted the award-winning public broadcasting show Meeting of Minds, a series of historical dramas presented in a talk format.
<Kyoto_Prize>	The Kyoto Prize (京都賞, Kyōto-shō) is Japan's highest private award for lifetime achievement in the arts and sciences. It is given not only to those that are top representatives of their own respective fields, but to "those who have contributed significantly to the scientific, cultural, and spiritual betterment of mankind". The Kyoto Prize was created in collaboration with the Nobel Foundation and is regarded by many as Japan's version of the Nobel Prize, representing one of the most prestigious awards available in fields that are not traditionally honored with a Nobel.The prizes are endowed with 100 million yen (roughly 800,000 USD) per category and have been awarded annually since 1985 by the Inamori Foundation, founded by Kazuo Inamori. The laureates are announced each June; the prize presentation ceremony and related events are held in Kyoto, Japan, each November.The Kyoto Prize consists of three different categories, each with 4 subfields. The subfields rotate every year to create a diverse group of Laureates. The categories and fields are:
<Santha_Rama_Rau>	Santha Rama Rau (24 January 1923 – 21 April 2009) was an Indian-born American writer.While Santha's father was a Chitrapur Saraswat Brahmin from Canara whose mother-tongue was Konkani, her mother was a Kashmiri Brahmin from the far north of India, who had however grown up in Hubli.
<Berlin>	Berlin (/bɜːrˈlɪn/ bur-LIN, German: [bɛʁˈliːn] (listen)) is the capital and largest city of Germany by both area and population. Its 3.7 million inhabitants make it the European Union's most populous city, according to population within city limits. One of Germany's sixteen constituent states, Berlin is surrounded by the State of Brandenburg and contiguous with Potsdam, Brandenburg's capital. Berlin's urban area, which has a population of around 4.5 million, is the second most populous urban area in Germany after the Ruhr. The Berlin-Brandenburg capital region has around 6.2 million inhabitants and is Germany's third-largest metropolitan region after the Rhine-Ruhr and Rhine-Main regions.Berlin straddles the banks of the Spree, which flows into the Havel (a tributary of the Elbe) in the western borough of Spandau. Among the city's main topographical features are the many lakes in the western and southeastern boroughs formed by the Spree, Havel and Dahme, the largest of which is Lake Müggelsee. Due to its location in the European Plain, Berlin is influenced by a temperate seasonal climate. About one-third of the city's area is composed of forests, parks, gardens, rivers, canals, and lakes. The city lies in the Central German dialect area, the Berlin dialect being a variant of the Lusatian-New Marchian dialects.
<Margin_Call_(film)>	Margin Call is a 2011 American drama film written and directed by J. C. Chandor in his feature directorial debut. The principal story takes place over a 24-hour period at a large Wall Street investment bank during the initial stages of the financial crisis of 2007–2008. In focus are the actions taken by a group of employees during the subsequent financial collapse. The title comes from a finance term for when an investor must increase the securities or other assets used as collateral for a loan when their value falls below a certain threshold. The film stars an ensemble cast consisting of Kevin Spacey, Paul Bettany, Jeremy Irons, Zachary Quinto, Penn Badgley, Simon Baker, Mary McDonnell, Demi Moore, and Stanley Tucci.The film was produced by the production companies Myriad Pictures, Benaroya Pictures and Before the Door Pictures (first to sign on, and owned by Zachary Quinto). Theatrically, it was commercially distributed by Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions. The director and screenwriter, J. C. Chandor, is himself the son of an investment banker; the screenplay was partially informed by Chandor's own foray into real estate investments in New York City shortly before the financial crash. Preceding its theatrical release, Margin Call was met with positive critical reviews. Following its wide release in theaters, the film garnered award nominations from the Detroit Film Critics Society, along with several separate nominations for its screenplay and direction from recognized award organizations, including a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay. The score was composed by musician Nathan Larson.
<Queen's_University_Belfast>	Queen's University Belfast, officially The Queen's University of Belfast (commonly referred to as Queen's and QUB), is a public research university in Belfast, Northern Ireland, United Kingdom. The university received its charter in 1845 as Queen's College, Belfast and opened four years later, together with University of Galway (as Queen's College, Galway) and University College Cork (as Queen's College, Cork).Queen's offers approximately 300 academic degree programmes at various levels. The current president and vice-chancellor is Ian Greer. The annual income of the institution for 2020–21 was £395.8 million of which £88.6 million was from research grants and contracts, with an expenditure of £373.5 million.
<Rayo_Vallecano>	Rayo Vallecano de Madrid, S.A.D. (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈraʝo βaʎeˈkano ðe maˈðɾið]), often abbreviated to Rayo (Spanish for "thunderbolt"), is a Spanish professional football club based in Madrid, in the neighbourhood of Vallecas. Rayo was founded on 29 May 1924, and currently compete in La Liga following promotion from the 2020–21 Segunda División. Home games are held at the 14,708-seater Campo de Fútbol de Vallecas stadium.Rayo has competed in one European competition, the UEFA Cup in the 2000–01 season. The club made it to the quarter-finals before losing to fellow Spanish club Alavés 4–2 on aggregate.By historical standard, Rayo is the third best club in Community of Madrid, after Real Madrid and Atlético Madrid.
<County_Durham>	County Durham (/ˈdʌrəm/ (listen) DURR-əm), officially simply Durham, is a ceremonial county in North East England. The ceremonial county spawned from the historic County Palatine of Durham in 1853. In 1996, the county gained part of the abolished ceremonial county of Cleveland. The county town is the city of Durham. The county borders Cumbria to the west, North Yorkshire to the south, and Tyne and Wear and Northumberland to the north. Boundaries initially aligned to the historic county, stretching between the rivers Tyne and Tees. The County Borough of Teesside formed in 1968, the ceremonial boundaries adjusted while the historic boundaries remained. The Local Government Act 1972 in 1974 further separated the boundaries. The largest settlement is Darlington (92,363) followed by Hartlepool (88,855) and Stockton-on-Tees (82,729).
<Fleetwood_Town_F.C.>	Fleetwood Town Football Club is an English professional association football club based in the town of Fleetwood, Lancashire. Established in 1997, the current Fleetwood Town F.C. is the fourth incarnation of the club; it was originally formed in 1908. The team compete in League One, the third tier of the English football league system. Their home strip is red shirts with white sleeves and white shorts, their home ground is Highbury Stadium in Fleetwood and the supporters of the club are affectionately known as the Cod Army, which is also used as a nickname for the club alongside The Fishermen, the club's traditional nickname. They contest a rivalry with nearby Blackpool known as the Fylde Coast derby.The original club founded in 1908 were known simply as Fleetwood and won the Lancashire Combination in the 1923–24 season, though would resign from the league in February 1928 due to financial difficulties. Fleetwood Windsor Villa took their place in the Lancashire Combination and won three Lancashire Combination Cups in 1933, 1934 and 1935. The club became founder members of the newly created Northern Premier League in 1968, though folded in 1976 and reformed the following year as Fleetwood Town. They initially competed in the Cheshire County League and then joined the North West Counties League in 1982. They were promoted as First Division champions in 1983–84 and reached the final of the FA Vase in the 1984–85 season. However, this incarnation of the club also folded in 1997.
<Tender_Mercies>	Tender Mercies is a 1983 American drama film directed by Bruce Beresford. The screenplay by Horton Foote focuses on Mac Sledge, a recovering alcoholic country music singer who seeks to turn his life around through his relationship with a young widow and her son in rural Texas. Robert Duvall plays the role of Mac; the supporting cast includes Tess Harper, Betty Buckley, Wilford Brimley, Ellen Barkin and Allan Hubbard.Financed by EMI Films, Tender Mercies was shot largely in Waxahachie, Texas. The script was rejected by several American directors before the Australian Beresford accepted it. Duvall, who sang his own songs in the film, drove more than 600 miles (966 km) throughout the state, tape recording local accents and playing in country music bands to prepare for the role. He and Beresford repeatedly clashed during production, at one point prompting the director to walk off the set and reportedly consider quitting the film.The film encompasses several themes, including the importance of love and family, the possibility of spiritual resurrection amid death and the concept of redemption through Mac Sledge's conversion to Christianity. Following poor test screening results, distributor Universal Pictures made little effort to publicise Tender Mercies, which Duvall attributed to the studio's lack of understanding of country music.
<Ian_Gilmour,_Baron_Gilmour_of_Craigmillar>	Ian Hedworth John Little Gilmour, Baron Gilmour of Craigmillar, PC (8 July 1926 – 21 September 2007) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom.  He was styled Sir Ian Gilmour, 3rd Baronet from 1977, having succeeded to his father's baronetcy, until he became a life peer in 1992.  He was Secretary of State for Defence in 1974, in the government of Edward Heath. In the government of Margaret Thatcher, he was Lord Privy Seal from 1979 to 1981.Gilmour was the son of stockbroker Lieutenant Colonel Sir John Gilmour, 2nd Baronet, and his wife, Victoria, a granddaughter of the 5th Earl Cadogan. His parents divorced in 1929, and his father married Mary, the eldest daughter of the 3rd Duke of Abercorn.  The family had land in Scotland and he inherited a substantial estate and shares in Meux's Brewery from his grandfather, Admiral of the Fleet, the Hon. Sir Hedworth Meux.
<Lee_Jae-ryong>	Lee Jae-ryong (born September 24, 1964) is a South Korean actor. He is best known for starring in television series, notably the merchant-centered period epic Sangdo (2001), the medical drama General Hospital (1994 and 2008), and Noh Hee-kyung-penned dramas such as Foolish Love (2000) and Goodbye Solo (2006).This article about a Korean actor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Jane_Goodall>	Dame Jane Morris Goodall DBE (/ˈɡʊdɔːl/; born Valerie Jane Morris-Goodall on 3 April 1934), formerly Baroness Jane van Lawick-Goodall, is an English primatologist and anthropologist. Seen as the world's foremost expert on chimpanzees, Goodall is best known for her 60-year study of social and family interactions of wild chimpanzees since she first went to Gombe Stream National Park in Tanzania in 1960, where she witnessed human-like behaviours amongst chimpanzees, including armed conflict.[failed verification]She is the founder of the Jane Goodall Institute and the Roots & Shoots programme, and she has worked extensively on conservation and animal welfare issues. As of 2022, she is on the board of the Nonhuman Rights Project. In April 2002, she was named a UN Messenger of Peace. Goodall is an honorary member of the World Future Council.
<Tony_Curtis>	Tony Curtis (born Bernard Schwartz; June 3, 1925 – September 29, 2010) was an American actor whose career spanned six decades, achieving the height of his popularity in the 1950s (Kansas Raiders, 1950) and early 1960s. He acted in more than 100 films, in roles covering a wide range of genres. In his later years, Curtis made numerous television appearances.
<Thomas_Kailath>	Thomas Kailath (born June 7, 1935) is an electrical engineer, information theorist, control engineer, entrepreneur and the Hitachi America Professor of Engineering, Emeritus, at Stanford University. Professor Kailath has authored several books, including the well-known book Linear Systems, which ranks as one of the most referenced books in the field of linear systems.Kailath was elected as a member into the US National Academy of Engineering in 1984 for outstanding contributions in prediction, filtering, and signal processing, and for leadership in engineering.In 2012, Kailath was awarded the National Medal of Science, presented by President Barack Obama in 2014 for "transformative contributions to the fields of information and system science, for distinctive and sustained mentoring of young scholars, and for translation of scientific ideas into entrepreneurial ventures that have had a significant impact on industry."Kailath is listed as an ISI highly cited researcher and is generally recognized as one of the preeminent figures of twentieth-century electrical engineering.
<Helmut_Hölzer>	1939: Telefunken (Berlin)1939-1945: Peenemünde1940's-1950's: Fort Bliss/WSPG1950's-1950's: Redstone Arsenal1950's-1960's: ABMAHelmut Hoelzer was a Nazi Germany V-2 rocket engineer who was brought to the United States under Operation Paperclip. Hoelzer was the inventor and constructor of the world's first electronic analog computer.In October 1939, while working for the Telefunken electronics firm in Berlin, Hoelzer met with Ernst Steinhoff, Hermann Steuding, and Wernher von Braun regarding guide beams for a flying body. In late 1940 at Peenemünde, Hoelzer was head of the guide beam division (assistant Henry Otto Hirschler), which developed a guide-plane system which alternates a transmitted signal from two antennas a short distance apart, as well as a vacuum tube mixing device (German: Mischgerät) which corrected for momentum that would perturb an object that had been moved back on-track. By the fall of 1941, Hoelzer's "mixing device" was used to provide V-2 rocket rate measurement instead of rate gyros.
<Clemens_von_Delbrück>	Clemens Ernst Gottlieb von Delbrück (German pronunciation: [ˈkleːməns fɔn ˈdɛl.bʁʏk] (listen); 19 January 1856, in Halle an der Saale – 17 December 1921, in Jena)  was a German conservative politician. He was ennobled in 1916.He was born into a common family, and attended high school in Halle between 1873 and 1877. He studied theology at the Ruprecht-Karls-Universität Heidelberg and law at the University of Berlin. In 1882, having passed the staatsexamen, he gained a government post in Kwidzyn.He was promoted to the office of district administrator of Tuchel in 1885 and became president of the city council of Danzig in 1891. From 1896 to 1902, he was mayor of Danzig and sat in the Prussian House of Lords. He was Oberpräsident of West Prussia from 1902 to 1905.
<Antonio_Hidalgo_(footballer,_born_1979)>	Antonio Hidalgo Morilla (born 6 February 1979) is a Spanish former footballer who played as a central midfielder, currently manager of Sevilla Atlético.Over 17 seasons as a professional, he appeared in 412 games in the Segunda División, scoring 57 goals for six clubs, mainly Tenerife (five years) and Sabadell (four). In La Liga, he represented Tenerife, Málaga and Osasuna.
<Gatewood_Galbraith>	Louis Gatewood Galbraith (January 23, 1947 – January 4, 2012) was an American author and attorney from the U.S. Commonwealth of Kentucky. He was a five-time political candidate for governor of Kentucky.Born in Carlisle, Kentucky to Henry Clay and Dollie Galbraith, on January 23, 1947, Gatewood was the fourth of seven children. He graduated from the University of Kentucky in 1974 and from the  University of Kentucky College of Law in 1977.
<Bill_Travers>	William Inglis Lindon Travers MBE (3 January 1922 – 29 March 1994) was a British actor, screenwriter, director and animal rights activist. Prior to his show business career, he served in the British army with Gurkha and special forces units.Travers was born in the suburb of Jesmond in the city of Newcastle upon Tyne, England, the son of Florence (née Wheatley) and William Halton Lindon Travers, a theatre manager. His sister Linden (1913–2001) and her daughter Susan became actresses.
<The_Picture_of_Dorian_Gray_(1945_film)>	The Picture of Dorian Gray is a 1945 American horror-drama film based on Oscar Wilde's 1890 novel of the same name. Released in June 1945 by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, the film was directed by Albert Lewin, and stars George Sanders as Lord Henry Wotton and Hurd Hatfield as Dorian Gray. Shot primarily in black-and-white, the film features four colour inserts in three-strip Technicolor of Dorian's portrait; these are a special effect, the first two inserts picturing a youthful Dorian and the second two a degenerate one.While posing for a painting by his friend Basil Hallward, handsome young aristocrat Dorian Gray meets Hallward's friend Lord Henry Wotton. Wotton persuades Gray the only worthwhile life is dedicated to pleasure, because "what the gods give they quickly take away." Contemplating this, Gray wishes his portrait could age instead of him. He makes this wish in the presence of an Egyptian cat statue with supposed magical powers.After callously breaking off his engagement to tavern singer Sibyl Vane, Gray finds the portrait has begun to change and wonders if his wish may have come true. He has the portrait locked away in his old schoolroom and disguises its location by firing servants who moved the painting, while Gray becomes more dedicated to a sinful and heartless life.
<Marius_the_Epicurean>	Marius the Epicurean: his sensations and ideas is a historical and philosophical novel by Walter Pater (his only completed full-length fiction), written between 1881 and 1884, published in 1885 and set in 161–177 AD, in the Rome of the Antonines. It explores the intellectual development of its protagonist, a young Roman of integrity, in his pursuit of a congenial religion or philosophy at a time of change and uncertainty that Pater likened to his own era. The narration is third-person, slanted from Marius's point of view, added to which are various interpolated discourses, ranging from adaptations of classical and early Christian writings to Marius’s diary and authorial comment.Marius, a sensitive only child of a patrician family, growing up near Luna in rural Etruria, is impressed by the traditions and rituals of the ancestral religion of the Lares, by his natural surroundings, and by a boyhood visit to a sanctuary of Aesculapius. His childhood ends with the death of his mother (he had early lost his father) and with his departure for boarding school in Pisae.
<Ezell_Lee>	Ezell G. Lee (April 9, 1933 – May 21, 2012) was a Republican (formerly Democratic) member of the Mississippi Senate, who represented the 47th district from 1992 to 2012..A member of the Mississippi House of Representatives from 1987 through 1991, he was originally elected as a Democrat. Lee switched parties on February 17, 2011 to become a Republican. He died of cancer in 2012.
<John_Fritz_Medal>	The John Fritz Medal has been awarded annually since 1902 by the American Association of Engineering Societies (AAES) for "outstanding scientific or industrial achievements". The medal was created for the 80th birthday of John Fritz, who lived between 1822 and 1913.  When AAES was dissolved in 2020, the administration of the Fritz medal was transferred to the American Institute of Mining, Metallurgical, and Petroleum Engineers (AIME), and is currently coordinated by AIME member society, the Society of Mining, Metallurgy, & Exploration (SME).The John Fritz Medal is often described as the "Nobel Prize for engineering." This prestigious award is given annually for notable scientific or industrial achievements. It is granted to living people, but also posthumous. Since its initiation in 1902, there were six years when it was not awarded.The John Fritz Medal board once consisted of sixteen representatives is four national societies in the fields of civil engineering, mining, metallurgical engineering, mechanical engineering and electrical engineering.
<Cassandra_Harris>	Sandra Colleen Waites (15 December 1948 – 28 December 1991), known professionally as Cassandra Harris, was an Australian actress.Born in Sydney, Harris was a student at the National Institute of Dramatic Art. She enrolled in 1961, aged 12, under the name Sandra Gleeson. She went on to perform in the Sydney stage production of Boeing Boeing (1964–1965).
<Conrad_Black>	Conrad Moffat Black, Baron Black of Crossharbour KCSG (born 25 August 1944), is a Canadian-born British former newspaper publisher, businessman, and writer.His father was businessman George Montegu Black II, who had significant holdings in Canadian manufacturing, retail and media businesses through part-ownership of the holding company Ravelston Corporation. In 1978, two years after their father's death, Conrad and his older brother Montegu took majority control of Ravelston. Over the next seven years, Conrad Black sold off most of their non-media holdings in order to focus on newspaper publishing. Black controlled Hollinger International, once the world's third-largest English-language newspaper empire, which published The Daily Telegraph (UK), Chicago Sun-Times (US), The Jerusalem Post (Israel), National Post (Canada), and hundreds of community newspapers in North America, before controversy erupted over the sale of some of the company's assets.
<Mark_Snow>	Mark Snow (born Martin Fulterman; August 26, 1946) is an American composer for film and television. Among his most famous compositions is the theme music for science fiction television series The X-Files. The theme reached no. 2 on the UK Singles Chart. Snow also wrote the music for another Chris Carter series, Millennium, and the background music scores for both shows, a total of 12 seasons.
<The_Description_of_Britain>	The Description of Britain, also known by its Latin name De Situ Britanniae ("On the Situation of Britain"), was a literary forgery perpetrated by Charles Bertram on the historians of England. It purported to be a 15th-century manuscript by the English monk Richard of Westminster, including information from a lost contemporary account of Britain by a Roman general (dux), new details of the Roman roads in Britain in the style of the Antonine Itinerary, and "an antient map" as detailed as (but improved upon) the works of Ptolemy. Bertram disclosed the existence of the work through his correspondence with the antiquarian William Stukeley by 1748, provided him "a copy" which was made available in London by 1749, and published it in Latin in 1757. By this point, his Richard had become conflated with the historical Richard of Cirencester. The text was treated as a legitimate and major source of information on Roman Britain from the 1750s through the 19th century, when it was progressively debunked by John Hodgson, Karl Wex, B. B. Woodward, and J. E. B. Mayor. Effects from the forgery can still be found in works on British history and it is generally credited with having named the Pennine Mountains.Charles Bertram was an English expatriate living in Copenhagen who began a flattering correspondence with the antiquarian William Stukeley in 1747 and was vouched for by Hans Gram, the royal librarian to King Frederick V. After a few further letters, Bertram mentioned "a manuscript in a friend's hands of Richard of Westminster,... a history of Roman Brittain... and an antient map of the island annex'd." A "copy" of its script was shown to David Casley, the keeper of the Cotton Library, who "immediately" described it as around 400 years old. Stukeley thereafter always treated Bertram as reliable. He "press'd Mr Bertram to get the manuscript into his hands, if possible... as the greatest treasure we now can boast of in this kind of learning." Stukeley received the text piecemeal over a series of letters which he made available at the Royal Society's Arundel Library in London in 1749. He had received a drawing of Bertram's map by early 1750, which he also placed at the library.
<Jane_Lapotaire>	Jane Elizabeth Marie Lapotaire (née Burgess; 26 December 1944) is an English actress.Lapotaire was born in Ipswich, Suffolk, the daughter of Louise Elise (Burgess). Her stepfather, Yves Lapotaire, worked in the oil industry and was originally from Quebec, Canada. From the age of two months, she was raised as a foster child by an old-age pensioner, Grace Chisnell (Granny Grace), who was also the foster mother of Lapotaire's own biological mother, a French orphan, who was abandoned in England. When Lapotaire was about 12, her biological mother made a bid to get her back. The child welfare department of the Suffolk County Council intervened and decided that the mother had this right. Lapotaire chose to be with Granny Grace, but lived with her biological mother and stepfather, who worked in various French oil companies in North Africa (particularly Libya), three times a year. She also adopted their family name. The Lapotaires in North Africa were Francophones, and like French colonials at that time, lived around the French embassy. Granny Grace died in 1984 aged 96 and Louise Burgess died in 1999.
<Yahoo!>	Yahoo! (/ˈjɑːhuː/, styled yahoo! in its logo) is an American web services provider. It is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California and operated by the namesake company Yahoo Inc., which is 90% owned by investment funds managed by Apollo Global Management and 10% by Verizon Communications.It provides a web portal, search engine Yahoo Search, and related services, including My Yahoo!, Yahoo Mail, Yahoo News, Yahoo Finance, Yahoo Sports and its advertising platform, Yahoo! Native.
<John_Hamburg>	John Liman Hamburg (born May 26, 1970) is an American screenwriter, film director and producer.Hamburg was born to a Jewish family in Manhattan, the son of New York City radio personality Joan Hamburg and Morton I. Hamburg. He graduated from Brown University in 1992 with a degree in history. He then attended the Tisch School of the Arts at New York University.Hamburg is married to actress Christina Kirk.
<James_Black_(pharmacologist)>	Sir James Whyte Black OM FRS FRSE FRCP (14 June 1924 – 22 March 2010) was a Scottish physician and pharmacologist. Together with Gertrude B. Elion and George H. Hitchings, he shared the Nobel Prize for Medicine in 1988 for pioneering strategies for rational drug-design, which, in his case, lead to the development of propranolol and cimetidine.  Black established a Veterinary Physiology department at the University of Glasgow, where he became interested in the effects of adrenaline on the human heart. He went to work for ICI Pharmaceuticals in 1958 and, while there, developed propranolol, a beta blocker used for the treatment of heart disease. Black was also responsible for the development of cimetidine, an H2 receptor antagonist, a drug used to treat stomach ulcers.Black was born on 14 June 1924 in Uddingston, Lanarkshire, the fourth of five sons of a Baptist family which traced its origins to Balquhidder, Perthshire. His father was a mining engineer. He was brought up in Fife, educated at Beath High School, Cowdenbeath, and, at the age of 15, won a scholarship to the University of St Andrews. His family had been too poor to send him to university and he had been persuaded to sit the St Andrews entrance exam by his maths teacher at Beath.
<Bradley_Cooper>	Bradley Charles Cooper (born January 5, 1975) is an American actor and filmmaker. He is the recipient of various accolades, including a British Academy Film Award and two Grammy Awards, in addition to nominations for nine Academy Awards, six Golden Globe Awards, and a Tony Award. Cooper appeared on the Forbes Celebrity 100 three times and on Time's list of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2015. His films have grossed $11 billion worldwide and he has placed four times in annual rankings of the world's highest-paid actors.Cooper enrolled in the MFA program at the Actors Studio in 2000 after beginning his career in 1999 with a guest role in the television series Sex and the City. He made his film debut in the comedy Wet Hot American Summer (2001), and gained some recognition as Will Tippin in the spy-action television show Alias (2001–2006). After his role in the show was demoted, he began to have career doubts but gained some recognition with a supporting part in the comedy film Wedding Crashers (2005) and had his breakthrough in The Hangover (2009), a critically and commercially successful comedy that spawned two sequels in 2011 and 2013. Cooper's portrayal of a struggling writer in the thriller Limitless (2011) and a rookie police officer in the crime drama The Place Beyond the Pines (2012) drew further praise from critics.
<Dagenham_&_Redbridge_F.C.>	Dagenham & Redbridge Football Club /ˈdæɡənəm ... ˈrɛdbrɪdʒ/ is a professional association football club based in Dagenham, Greater London, England. The team competes in the National League, the fifth tier of the English football league system. Often known simply as Dagenham and abbreviated when written to Dag & Red, they are nicknamed the Daggers. They play their home games at Victoria Road.The club was formed in 1992 through a merger of Dagenham and Redbridge Forest, the latter merged from Ilford, Leytonstone and Walthamstow Avenue. The club's traditional colours are red and blue, to represent the merged teams. The club replaced Redbridge Forest in the Football Conference but were relegated in 1996. They won the Isthmian League title in 1999–2000 and qualified for the next three Conference play-offs, missing out on the 2001–02 title on goal difference and losing the 2003 Conference play-off final. They secured promotion into the Football League after winning the Conference title in the 2006–07 season. They then moved up from League Two after winning the 2010 play-off final, though were relegated the next season after finishing 21st in League One. Dagenham were relegated back into non-League football in 2016.
<The_Change-Up>	The Change-Up is a 2011 American fantasy romantic comedy film produced and directed by David Dobkin and written by Jon Lucas and Scott Moore. The film stars Ryan Reynolds and Jason Bateman as Mitch Planko and Dave Lockwood, two best friends living in Atlanta who switch bodies after urinating into the fountain to wish they had each other's lives. The film was released on August 5, 2011, in North America, by Universal Pictures. It received negative reviews from critics.In Atlanta, Dave Lockwood is married with three children, while his best friend Mitch Planko is single and at his sexual prime. After getting drunk at a bar, Mitch and Dave urinate into a fountain, simultaneously wishing they had each other's lives.
<PolyGram_Filmed_Entertainment>	PolyGram Filmed Entertainment (formerly known as PolyGram Films and PolyGram Pictures or simply PFE) was a British film studio founded in 1979 which became a European competitor to Hollywood, but was eventually sold to Seagram Company Ltd. in 1998 and was folded in 1999. Among its most successful and well known films were An American Werewolf in London (1981), Flashdance (1983), Four Weddings and a Funeral (1994), Dead Man Walking (1995), The Big Lebowski (1998),  Fargo (1996), The Usual Suspects (1995), The Game (1997) and Notting Hill (1999).In 1979, PolyGram created PolyGram Pictures in a partnership with Peter Guber. During the late 1980s and early 1990s, PolyGram continued to invest in a diversified film unit with the purchases of individual production companies. In 1995, PolyGram purchased ITC Entertainment for $156 million. In May 1998, PolyGram was sold to Seagram, which owned Universal Pictures and Universal Music Group, for $10 billion. Seagram sold off some of PolyGram's assets while mainly acquiring its music division. The ITC Entertainment library was sold to Carlton Communications for £91 million, the pre-April 1996 PolyGram Filmed Entertainment library was sold to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM), and PolyGram's US distributor was sold to USA Networks. After many of its assets were sold, the remains of PolyGram's film division was folded into Universal Pictures. When the newly formed entertainment division of Seagram faced financial difficulties, it was sold to Vivendi, and MCA became known as Universal Studios, as Seagram ceased to exist. Vivendi remained the majority owner of the Universal Music Group until 2021, when it sold most of its stake, MGM owns the rights to most of the pre-1996 library, and the remaining film and television library is owned by NBCUniversal. In 2017, Universal Music Group established a film and television division, resurrecting the PolyGram Entertainment name.
<Francis_Pangilinan>	Francis Pancratius "Kiko" Nepomuceno Pangilinan (Tagalog: [paŋɪˈlinan]; born August 24, 1963) is a Filipino lawyer, politician, and farm owner who  served as a Senator from 2001 to 2013 and from 2016 to 2022. He was the Senate Majority Leader from 2004 to 2008.A graduate of the University of the Philippines College of Law and Harvard Kennedy School, Pangilinan was first elected to the Quezon City Council, serving from 1988 to 1992.  In between his stints in the Senate, he was the Presidential Assistant for Food Security and Agricultural Modernization to President Benigno Aquino III from 2014 to 2015.
<The_Wednesday_Play>	The Wednesday Play is an anthology series of British television plays which ran on BBC1 for six seasons from October 1964 to May 1970. The plays were usually original works written for television, although dramatic adaptations of fiction (and occasionally stage plays) also featured. The series gained a reputation for presenting contemporary social dramas, and for bringing issues to the attention of a mass audience that would not otherwise have been discussed on screen.Some of British television drama's most influential, and controversial, plays were shown in this slot, including Up the Junction and Cathy Come Home. The earliest television plays of Dennis Potter were featured in this slot.
<Daniel_Candeias>	Daniel João Santos Candeias (born 25 February 1988) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a winger for Turkish club Alanyaspor.He was on the books of both Porto and Benfica, where he was mostly loaned out. He amassed most of his 134 Primeira Liga appearances and 15 goals while at Nacional, and also played in Spain, Germany, France, Turkey and Scotland.
<Lorentz_Medal>	Lorentz Medal is a distinction awarded every four years by the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences.  It was established in 1925 on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the doctorate of Hendrik Lorentz. The medal is given for important contributions to theoretical physics, though in the past there have been some experimentalists among its recipients.The first winner, Max Planck, was personally selected by Lorentz. Eleven of the 23 award winners later received a Nobel Prize. The Lorentz medal is ranked fifth in a list of most prestigious international academic awards in physics.
<Liceu>	The Gran Teatre del Liceu (Catalan pronunciation: [ˈɡɾan teˈatɾə ðəl liˈsɛw], English: Great Theatre of the Lyceum) is an opera house in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain. Located at La Rambla, and known as El Liceu, it is the oldest running theatre in Barcelona.Founded in 1837 in other location, the current location was opened on 4 April 1847. The theatre has been rebuilt after two fires in 1861 and 1994, and was reopened on 20 April 1862 and 7 October 1999 respectively. On 7 November 1893, on the opening night of the season, an anarchist threw two bombs into the stalls and some twenty people were killed and many more were injured. Between 1847 and 1989, the Liceu was the largest opera house in Europe by capacity, with its 2,338 seats at the time.
<Rossetti_Architects>	ROSSETTI  is an architectural design and planning firm headquartered in Detroit, Michigan.ROSSETTI is a privately owned architectural firm that was founded in Detroit, in 1969, by Gino Rossetti. In 1999, the firm's ownership was passed onto his son, Matt Rossetti.The firm's early projects centered on health care facilities, corporate headquarters, interiors, retail and master planning. The firm began approaching the sports and entertainment industry after ROSSETTI was contracted in 1984 to design The Palace of Auburn Hills.Today, ROSSETTI works with clients worldwide on a wide variety of projects, with a focus on sports and entertainment. ROSSETTI's focus globally is in Asia and Europe.
<Kim_Ji-ho>	Kim Ji-Ho (born July 22, 1974) is a South Korean actress.Audiences were first introduced to Kim Ji-ho in 1994 in Shin Seung-hun's music video "For a Long Time Afterwards." She made her acting debut in Salut D'Amour that year, followed by the films A Man Wagging His Tail (1995) and Destiny (1997), both with Park Joong-hoon. Her popularity rose after starring in the 1995 television drama Apartment, and in 1996 she appeared in commercials for more than 30 products, including Kia Avella, Amorepacific Laneige, LG Corp, and Lotte Department Store. Kim's career later slowed down, but she continues to play leading roles in TV dramas such as Law Firm (2001), Glass Slippers (2002), Affection (2002), Single Again (2005), Even So Love (2007), and You Don't Know Women (2010).Kim has also acted in Korean stagings of Closer (2006) and Proof (2008), and had a supporting role in the critically acclaimed sleeper hit Unbowed (2012).
<Calvin_Gotlieb>	Calvin Carl "Kelly" Gotlieb, CM FRSC (March 27, 1921 – October 16, 2016) was a Canadian professor and computer scientist who has been called the "Father of Computing" in Canada. He was a Professor in Computer Science at the University of Toronto.He received a Bachelor of Science in physics in 1942, a Master of Arts in 1944 and a Ph.D. in 1947 from the University of Toronto.In 1948, he co-founded the computation centre at the University of Toronto and was part of the first team in Canada to build computers and to provide computing services. In 1950, he created the first university course on computing in Canada and in 1951 offered the first graduate course. In 1964, he helped to found the first Canadian graduate department of computer science at the University of Toronto.
<Aydın_Doğan>	Aydın Doğan (born 15 April 1936) is a Turkish business magnate and investor. He is the founder of Doğan Holding, one of Turkey's largest conglomerates.Born in 1936 as a member of a well-known family in Kelkit. Doğan went to elementary and secondary school in Kelkit and finished high-school in Erzincan. Between 1956 and 1960, he attended Istanbul Economy and Commerce Academy (later to become Marmara University). There, he became the Student Community Leader.
<ITV_Meridian>	ITV Meridian (previously Meridian Broadcasting) is the holder of the ITV franchise for the South and South East of England. The station was launched at 12:00 am on 1 January 1993, replacing previous broadcaster Television South, and is owned and operated by ITV plc, under the licensee of ITV Broadcasting Limited. Meridian Broadcasting Ltd was one of several (but not all) ITV plc-owned regional companies to have its legal name changed on 29 December 2006, when it became ITV Meridian Ltd. This company is, along with most other regional companies owned by ITV plc, listed with Companies House as a "Dormant company".The company broadcasts to the region from transmitters at Hannington, Midhurst, Rowridge, Whitehawk Hill, Hastings, Heathfield, Tunbridge Wells, Bluebell Hill, Dover and, since 2015, Oxford (previously part of the ITV Central region), as well as associated relays.
<Humongous_Entertainment>	Humongous Entertainment, Inc. was an American video game developer based in Bothell, Washington. Founded in 1992, the company is best known for developing multiple edutainment franchises, most prominently Putt-Putt, Freddi Fish, Pajama Sam and Spy Fox, which, combined, sold over 15 million copies and earned more than 400 awards of excellence.Humongous Entertainment was acquired by GT Interactive (later renamed Infogrames, Inc., then Atari, Inc.) in July 1996. By October 2000, sales of Humongous games had surpassed 16 million copies. GT sold Humongous to its parent company, Infogrames (later renamed Atari SA), in August 2005, as a result of which the company was shut down a few months after. Infogrames transitioned the label to a new company, Humongous, Inc., which continued publishing games under the Humongous label until 2013, when it faced bankruptcy. As part of the bankruptcy agreement of the Atari SA subsidiary Atari, Inc., Humongous, Inc. and Atari Interactive, Tommo acquired the Humongous brand and all of its assets, and went on to re-release some of its games into digital distribution channels in conjunction with Night Dive Studios.Humongous Entertainment was formed by Shelley Day and Ron Gilbert in 1992, then based in Woodinville, Washington. The name Humongous Entertainment was suggested by Gilbert's ex-LucasArts colleague, Tim Schafer. It became known for creating four point-and-click adventure game series intended for young children, branded collectively as "Junior Adventures", with the four series being the Putt-Putt series, the Freddi Fish series, the Pajama Sam series and the Spy Fox series. Despite all four series being developed and released in parallel, characters from one series do not cross over with ones in another (except for Putt-Putt and Fatty Bear's Activity Pack, where Putt-Putt and Fatty Bear combined their Fun Packs) and instead appear as cameos or Easter eggs in any of the three other series. The company became the third largest children's educational-software company.
<Tom_Almadon>	Tom Almadon (Hebrew: תום אלמדון; born November 30, 1984) is an American-Israeli footballer.He plays for Maccabi Ahi Nazareth and was the goalkeeper for the Israel national under-21 football team. A product of Maccabi Haifa youth department, he has been reserve goalkeeper (covering Nir Davidovich) for the senior team for the past three years and appeared once in the UEFA Champions League. He was loaned to Hapoel Nazareth Illit for the 2007–08 season.
<ThinkPad_T_Series>	Lenovo lines (former/current):The ThinkPad T series is a line of laptop computers. Originally developed by IBM, and introduced in 2000, the brand was sold along with the rest of IBM's consumer computer division to  Chinese technology company Lenovo in 2005, who have continued to produce and market succeeding models.IBM introduced the T series as part of their ThinkPad brand in 2000. The laptop was meant to cater to users working with multiple networks and in different environments. This resulted in the development of the IBM Embedded Security Subsystem.From the time of its inception, the series was designed to balance speed and mobility. Despite a 14.1-inch screen, similar to desktops at the time, the titanium composite body on the laptop was designed to keep the weight as low as possible. Users were also given options to swap components for mobility, like a DVD player, writeable CD drive or numeric keypads.
<James_Glimm>	James Gilbert Glimm (born March 24, 1934) is an American mathematician, former president of the American Mathematical Society, and distinguished professor at Stony Brook University. He has made many contributions in the areas of pure and applied mathematics.James Glimm was born in Peoria, Illinois, United States on March 24, 1934. He received his BA in engineering from Columbia University in 1956. He continued on to graduate school at Columbia where he received his Ph.D. in mathematics in 1959; his advisor was Richard V. Kadison. Glimm was at New York University, and at Rockefeller University, before arriving at Stony Brook University in 1989.
<SOAS,_University_of_London>	SOAS University of London (/ˈsoʊæs/; the School of Oriental and African Studies) is a public research university in London, England, and a member institution of the federal University of London.  Founded in 1916, SOAS is located in the Bloomsbury area of central London.SOAS is one of the world's leading institutions for the study of Asia, Africa, and the Middle East. Its library is one of the five national research libraries in the UK. SOAS also houses the Brunei Gallery, which hosts a programme of changing contemporary and historical exhibitions from Asia, Africa, and the Middle East with the aim of presenting and promoting cultures from these regions.
<Fled>	Fled is a 1996 American buddy action comedy film directed by Kevin Hooks. It stars Laurence Fishburne and Stephen Baldwin as two prisoners chained together who flee during an escape attempt gone bad.An interrogator prepares a man to take the stand against mob boss Frank Matajano on an Air Force base.  A driver delivers takeout, which is taken to the interrogation room.  Once opened, it explodes, killing the witness.  In court, a judge places court on recess until the Attorney General can bring sufficient evidence against Matajano.  The Attorney General angrily demands a U.S. Marshal, Pat Schiller (Robert John Burke), get evidence in 72 hours to replace the killed witness.On a chain gang, an inmate harasses Luke Dodge (Stephen Baldwin), who fights back.  When Charles Piper (Laurence Fishburne) intervenes, the guards chain him and Dodge together, and then Dodge and Piper begin fighting.  The guards discuss a plan in hushed tones and change their magazines, but before they do anything, the inmate who attacked Dodge snatches a gun and starts a shootout.  During the confusion, he, Dodge and Piper escape.  The cop who arrested Dodge, Matthew 'Gib' Gibson (Will Patton) picks up a magazine at the crime scene.  A fellow cop informs him that the Attorney General asked him to place Dodge on that chain gang against protocol.  Suspicious, he runs off into the woods and finds the third convict, who is shot and killed by Marshal Schiller.  Dodge and Piper argue about their plan; Dodge reveals he needs to escape to collect $5 million he stole.  Piper demands half in exchange for his help.
<Rocks_in_My_Pockets>	Rocks in My Pockets (Latvian: Akmeņi manās kabatās) is a 2014 animated film written, produced, directed and animated by Signe Baumane. It was originally created in English and a Latvian version was thereafter translated and produced. The film is based on true events about five women of the filmmaker's family, including herself, and their battles with depression and suicide.It was selected as the Latvian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 87th Academy Awards, but was not nominated. The soundtrack, composed by Kristian Sensini, has received a nomination at the Jerry Goldsmith Film Music Awards in the Best Movie Soundtrack category.
<Lex_Barker>	Alexander Crichlow Barker Jr. (May 8, 1919 – May 11, 1973), known as Lex Barker, was an American actor. He was known for playing Tarzan for RKO Pictures between 1949 and 1953, and portraying leading characters from Karl May's novels, notably as Old Shatterhand in a film series by the West German studio Constantin Film. At the height of his fame, he was one of the most popular actors in German-speaking cinema, and received Bambi Award and Bravo Otto nominations for the honor.Barker was born in Rye, New York, the second child of Alexander Crichlow Barker Sr., a wealthy Canadian-born building contractor and stockbroker, and his American wife, the former Marion Thornton Beals. He had an elder sister, Frederica Amelia "Freddie" Barlow (1917–1980). Raised in New York City and Port Chester, New York, he attended the Fessenden School and graduated from Phillips Exeter Academy. He played American football and the oboe. He attended Princeton University, but dropped out to join a theatrical stock company, much to his family's chagrin.
<Jane_Powell>	Jane Powell (born Suzanne Lorraine Burce; April 1, 1929 – September 16, 2021) was an American actress, singer, and dancer who first appeared in Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer musicals in the 1940s and 50s. With her soprano voice and girl-next-door image, Powell appeared in films, television and on the stage. She was notable for her performances in A Date with Judy (1948), Royal Wedding (1951), Seven Brides for Seven Brothers (1954), and Hit the Deck (1955).In the late-1950s, Powell's film career slowed, though she starred in two rare non-musical roles in the film noir The Female Animal, and the adventure film Enchanted Island (both 1958). Powell also made appearances on stage such as in My Fair Lady and The Sound of Music. She also appeared occasionally on television, including recurring guest roles on The Love Boat (1981–1982), as well as the sitcom Growing Pains (1988–1992). She was a veteran of the Golden Age of Hollywood.Powell returned to the stage in 2000, starring in an Off-Broadway production of Avow and Bounce. In December 2007, she united with the musical group Pink Martini, performing as a vocalist with them in their shared hometown of Portland. She appeared in local theatre productions in Wilton, Connecticut before her death.
<Maggie_Roswell>	Maggie Roswell is an American actress, comedian, writer and producer from Los Angeles, California. She is well known for her voice work on the Fox network's animated television series The Simpsons, in which she has played recurring characters such as Maude Flanders, Helen Lovejoy, Miss Hoover, and Luann Van Houten, as well as several minor characters. This work has earned her an Annie Award nomination.Roswell made her acting break-through in the 1980s with appearances in films such as Midnight Madness (1980), Lost in America (1985), and Pretty in Pink (1986), and guest appearances on television shows such as Remington Steele, Masquerade, and Happy Days. She appeared frequently in the sketch comedy The Tim Conway Show from 1980 to 1981, and did voice acting for a few animated films and television shows. Roswell also performed in some theater plays, including one in 1988 directed by Julia Sweeney.In 1989, Roswell was hired for the first season of The Simpsons. She played a few minor characters until she became a regular cast member with the introduction of Maude Flanders in the second season. In 1994, Roswell and her husband Hal Rayle moved from Los Angeles to Denver to raise their daughter. Together they established the Roswell 'n' Rayle Company, creating and voicing advertisements for companies. Because of her move to Denver, Roswell had to travel to Los Angeles twice a week to tape The Simpsons. This ultimately led to her requesting a pay raise in 1999; however, Fox refused to offer her the amount she wanted so she quit the show. Roswell returned to The Simpsons in 2002 after reaching a deal to record her lines from her Denver home.
<Walther_Neye>	Walther Neye (24 July 1901 – 12 August 1989) was a German lawyer. Between 1952 and 1957 he was the rector of Berlin's Humboldt University.Walther Eduard Hermann Neye was born, the youngest of three children, at the start of the twentieth century in Arnsberg, a prosperous mid-sized town in central western Germany. His father was a company secretary. Neye successfully completed his school leaving exams in Potsdam in 1919. After that, during the confused year of political and social turbulence that for Germany followed national defeat in the First World War, he briefly joined the "Upper Silesian Border Force" (Grenzschutz Oberschlesien), a freelance quasi-military body set up by the Council of the People's Deputies (interim government) to guard Germany's south-eastern border with the newly re-created Polish state in a region where many districts were of mixed ethnicity and national identity.In autumn 1919 he returned to Berlin and started a period of legal study at the Frederick William University (as the Humboldt was then known), graduating successfully in 1923. In 1924 he received his doctorate  from Breslau University, obtaining in 1927 a referendary post through passing a further public examination. During his time as a referendary, which lasted until 1935, he also worked as a repetitor.
<Tempo_Beer_Industries>	Tempo Beer Industries (Tempo) is Israel's largest brewer and the country's second-largest beverage company.Tempo produces three brands of pale lager:Goldstar (Hebrew: גולדסטאר) is a 4.9% ABV pale lager which has been produced since the 1950s. It is marketed as a dark lager beer ("בירה לאגר כהה"), though it is pale golden in appearance. In January 2007, Tempo introduced 4% Goldstar Light with a commercial starring Moshe Datz, from the Israeli duet Duo Datz. The beer is certified kosher by the Chief Rabbi of Netanya, Israel.
<William_Rowland>	William Rowland may refer to:
<Hudson's_Bay_Queen_Street>	Hudson's Bay Queen Street is a building complex on the southwest corner of Yonge Street and Queen Street West in downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It was originally named the Simpson's Department Store, and operated as the flagship store of the Simpsons department store chain from 1895–1991. It became a flagship store of its successor, The Bay, in 1991 (rebranded to Hudson's Bay in 2013). The building was retrofitted to house the first Saks Fifth Avenue department store in Canada in 2016.The building is the headquarters of the Hudson's Bay Company, which owns both department store chains. The company sold the building to Cadillac Fairview in 2014 and maintains a leaseback agreement with the company through at least 2039. Through this agreement, the building is part of the CF-owned Toronto Eaton Centre, although a skybridge had already connected the adjacent properties since the 1970s.The 1896 sandstone building located on Queen Street slightly west of Yonge Street was built by Toronto firm of Burke and Horwood for Simpson's Department Store in the Romanesque Revival style with Chicago School influences. The fireproof steel frame structure replaced the original 6-storey store that burned in 1895 just three-months after opening. The store was built to replace the original Simpson's dry goods business at 184 Yonge Street  and was located directly across from rival retailer's Eaton's Annex.
<Marek_Belka>	Marek Marian Belka (Polish pronunciation: [ˈmarɛk ˈbɛlka] (listen); born 9 January 1952 in Lódź) is a Polish professor of economics and politician who has served as Prime Minister of Poland and Finance Minister of Poland in two governments. He is a former Director of the International Monetary Fund's (IMF) European Department and former Head of Narodowy Bank Polski (National Bank of Poland). He has served as a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) since July 2019.In 1978–1979 and 1985–1986 he did scientific internships at Columbia University and University of Chicago, and in 1990 - London School of Economics. From 1986, he was associated with Institute of Economics of the Polish Academy of Sciences.  He published over 100 scientific papers devoted mainly to money theory and anti-inflation policy in developing countries. He specializes in applied economics and contemporary economic thought. He is also a member of the Committee of Economic Sciences of the Polish Academy of Sciences.
<The_Teahouse_of_the_August_Moon_(play)>	The Teahouse of the August Moon is a 1953 play written by John Patrick adapted from the 1951 novel by Vern Sneider. The play was later adapted for film in 1956, and the 1970 Broadway musical Lovely Ladies, Kind Gentlemen.The play opened on Broadway in October 1953. It was a Broadway hit, running for 1,027 performances and winning awards including the New York Drama Critics Circle Award for Best American Play of the Year, the Pulitzer Prize in Drama, and the Tony Award. The play, well regarded for several decades, came to seem old-fashioned with increased understanding and sensitivity of racial issues. The portrayals of the Okinawa characters in the play were seen as offensive, and the generational humor began to lose its impact in the 1970s.In the aftermath of World War II, the island of Okinawa was occupied by the American military. Captain Fisby, a young army officer, is transferred to a tiny Okinawa island town called Tobiki by his commanding officer, Colonel Purdy. Fisby is tasked with the job of implementing "Plan B". The plan calls for teaching the natives all things American and the first step for Capt. Fisby is to establish a democratically elected mayor, chief of agriculture, chief of police, and president of the Ladies League for Democratic Action. Plan "B" also calls for the building of a schoolhouse (Pentagon shaped), democracy lessons, and establishing capitalism through means left up to the good captain's judgment. A local Tobiki native, Sakini by name, is assigned to act as Fisby's interpreter. Sakini, a Puck-like character, attempts to acquaint Fisby with the local customs as well as guide the audiences through the play, providing both historical and cultural framework through his asides and monologues.
<Robert_A._Howie>	Robert Andrew Howie (4 June 1923 – 10 March 2012) was a notable English petrologist.He joined the RAF University Six Months course in 1941. He was hoping to go to Cambridge (engineering), but he was assigned to Edinburgh (meteorology). He contracted polio while in Gibraltar, ending his RAF duty.
<Yash_Chopra>	Yash Raj Chopra (27 September 1932 – 21 October 2012) was an Indian film director and film producer who worked in Hindi cinema. The founding chairman of the film production and distribution company Yash Raj Films, Chopra was the recipient of several awards, including 6 National Film Awards and 8 Filmfare Awards. He is considered among the best Indian filmmakers. For his contributions to film, the Government of India honoured him with the Dadasaheb Phalke Award in 2001, and the Padma Bhushan in 2005. In 2006, British Academy of Film and Television Arts presented him with a lifetime membership, making him the first Indian to receive the honour.Chopra began his career as an assistant director to I. S. Johar and his elder brother, B.R. Chopra. He made his directorial debut with Dhool Ka Phool in 1959, a melodrama about illegitimacy, and followed it with the social drama Dharmputra (1961). Chopra rose to prominence after directing the critically and commercially successful family drama Waqt (1965), which pioneered the concept of ensemble casts in Bollywood. In 1970, he founded his own production company, Yash Raj Films, whose first production was Daag: A Poem of Love (1973), a successful melodrama about polygamy. His success continued in the seventies, with some of Indian cinema's most successful and iconic films, including the action-thriller Deewaar (1975), which established Amitabh Bachchan as a leading actor in Bollywood; the ensemble romantic drama Kabhi Kabhie (1976) and the ensemble family drama Trishul (1978).
<Indosiar>	PT Indosiar Visual Mandiri, commonly known as Indosiar, is an Indonesian over-the-air television network. It broadcasts nationwide on UHF and can be received throughout the Indonesian archipelago on analog PAL television sets, established on 19 July 1991, later began test broadcast in 18 December 1994, and officially launched in 11 January 1995. It is owned by Elang Mahkota Teknologi since 2011; it eventually operated under its subsidiary, Surya Citra Media since 1 May 2013, when the network's original owner, Indosiar Karya Media, absorbed into the former.The network has a strong focus on cultural programming, such as a wayang performance (which no longer aired) and dangdut talent shows. It has recently featured occasional sport programmes and television series.
<Gerald_W._Abrams>	Gerald William Abrams (born September 26, 1939) is an American television producer who has produced many TV movies starting in the mid-1970s.Abrams was born on September 26, 1939, in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, to Samuel David Abrams (1908–1990), who was of Polish-Jewish descent, and his wife Lilian (1909–1998).
<New_York_City>	New York, often called New York City or NYC, is the most populous city in the United States. With a 2020 population of 8,804,190 distributed over 300.46 square miles (778.2 km2), New York City is also the most densely populated major city in the United States, and is more than twice as populous as second-place Los Angeles. New York City lies at the southern tip of New York State, and constitutes the geographical and demographic center of both the Northeast megalopolis and the New York metropolitan area, the largest metropolitan area in the world by urban landmass. With over 20.1 million people in its metropolitan statistical area and 23.5 million in its combined statistical area as of 2020, New York is one of the world's most populous megacities, and over 58 million people live within 250 mi (400 km) of the city. New York City is a global cultural, financial, entertainment, and media center with a significant influence on commerce, health care and life sciences, research, technology, education, politics, tourism, dining, art, fashion, and sports.  Home to the headquarters of the United Nations, New York is an important center for international diplomacy, an established safe haven for global investors, and is sometimes described as the capital of the world.Situated on one of the world's largest natural harbors and extending into the Atlantic Ocean, New York City comprises five boroughs, each of which is coextensive with a respective county of the state of New York. The five boroughs—Brooklyn (Kings County), Queens (Queens County), Manhattan (New York County), the Bronx (Bronx County), and Staten Island (Richmond County)—were created when local governments were consolidated into a single municipal entity in 1898. The city and its metropolitan area constitute the premier gateway for legal immigration to the United States. As many as 800 languages are spoken in New York, making it the most linguistically diverse city in the world. New York City is home to more than 3.2 million residents born outside the United States, the largest foreign-born population of any city in the world as of 2016. As of 2022[update], the New York metropolitan area is estimated to produce a gross metropolitan product of over $2.1 trillion, ranking it first worldwide. If the New York metropolitan area were a sovereign state, it would have the eighth-largest economy in the world. As of 2022[update], New York is home to the highest number of billionaires and millionaires of any city and, in 2017, was the wealthiest city in the world.
<Al-Gharafa_Sports_Club>	Al-Gharafa Sports Club (Arabic: نادي الغرافة الرياضي) is a Qatari multisports club based in the Al Gharrafa district of Al Rayyan. It is best known for its football team, although it also has teams for other sports. It was established on 6 June 1979 as Al-Ittihad and later officially incorporated into the Qatar Football Association on 23 September of that same year. The club was officially renamed to its current form in 2004 to better represent the district of Al-Gharafa, of which the club belongs to. The club was most notably founded by Sheikh Mohammed bin Jassim Al-Thani, Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim Al-Thani, Sheikh Hamad bin Faisal Al-Thani, Sheikh Ali bin Abdullah Al-Thani and Saad Mohammed Al-Rumaihi. In a documentary produced by Al Kass sports channel about the history of the club, Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim mentioned that the idea was initially suggested by Saad Al-Rumaihi who was working as a sports journalist at the Al Raya newspaper.Al-Gharafa Sports Club was founded on 6 June 1979 and was formally created on 23 September 1979 as Al-Ittihad by the first president of the board of directors, Khalifa Bin Fahad Bin Mohammed Al-Thani (1979–1982) under resolution no. 9. Al-Gharafa was founded with the intent of creating sports facilities for the youth in the Al Gharrafa region. It did not occur to the leaders that Al-Gharafa would become as tremendously successful as it is today. The name "Al-Ittihad", which when translated into English, means "United", was chosen in the spirit of the brotherhood and solidarity that characterized the club and its leaders. Yellow and blue were selected as the club colors due to the founders' endearment towards the Brazil national team. Al-Gharafa owes much of its success in the early years to the financial and material support of its Sheikh leaders.
<Marietta,_Ohio>	Marietta is a city in, and the county seat of, Washington County, Ohio, United States. It is located in southeastern Ohio at the confluence of the Muskingum and Ohio Rivers, 11 miles (18 km) northeast of Parkersburg, West Virginia. As of the 2020 census, Marietta has a population of 13,385 people and is the principal city of the Marietta Micropolitan Statistical Area, which includes all of Washington County, and is the second-largest city in the Parkersburg–Marietta–Vienna, WV–OH Combined Statistical Area.Founded in 1788 by pioneers to the Ohio Country, Marietta was the first permanent U.S. settlement in the newly established Northwest Territory, created in 1787, and what would later become the state of Ohio. It is named for Marie Antoinette, then Queen of France, in honor of French aid in the American Revolution. Prior to American settlement, the area was inhabited by various native tribes of the Hopewell tradition, who built the Marietta Earthworks, a complex more than 1,500 years old, whose Great Mound and other major monuments were preserved by the earliest settlers in parks such as Mound Cemetery. Since 1835 the city has been home to Marietta College, a private, nonsectarian liberal arts school with approximately 1,200 students. Leading up to the American Civil War, the city was a station on the Underground Railroad.
<CNRS_Gold_medal>	The CNRS Gold Medal  is the highest scientific research award in France. It is presented annually by the French National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS) and was first awarded in 1954. Moreover, the CNRS Silver Medal is given to researchers for originality, quality, and importance, while the CNRS Bronze Medal recognizes initial fruitful results.
<Zürich>	Zürich (German pronunciation: [ˈt͡sʏʁɪç]) is the largest city in Switzerland and the capital of the canton of Zürich. It is located in north-central Switzerland, at the northwestern tip of Lake Zürich. As of January 2020, the municipality has 434,335 inhabitants, the urban area 1.315 million (2009), and the Zürich metropolitan area 1.83 million (2011). Zürich is a hub for railways, roads, and air traffic. Both Zurich Airport and Zürich's main railway station are the largest and busiest in the country.Permanently settled for over 2,000 years, Zürich was founded by the Romans, who called it Turicum. However, early settlements have been found dating back more than 6,400 years (although this only indicates human presence in the area and not the presence of a town that early). During the Middle Ages, Zürich gained the independent and privileged status of imperial immediacy and, in 1519, became a primary centre of the Protestant Reformation in Europe under the leadership of Huldrych Zwingli.
<Millwall_F.C.>	Millwall Football Club (/ˈmɪlwɔːl/) is a professional football club in Bermondsey, South East London, England. They compete in the EFL Championship, the second tier of English football. Founded as Millwall Rovers in 1885, the club has retained its name despite having last played in the Millwall area of the Isle of Dogs in 1910. From then until 1993, the club played at what is now called The Old Den in New Cross, before moving to its current home stadium nearby, called The Den. The traditional club crest is a lion rampant, referred to in the team's nickname 'The Lions'. Millwall's traditional kit consists of dark blue shirts, white shorts, and blue socks.Millwall was one of the founding members of the Southern League in 1894. They competed in it for 22 seasons until 1920, claiming the title twice in 1895 and 1896. Since joining the Football League in the 1920–21 season, the club have been promoted eleven times (five times as champions in 1928, 1938, 1962, 1988, and 2001) and relegated nine times. They have spent 89 of their 96 seasons in the Football League yo-yoing between the second and third tiers. The club did have a brief spell in the top flight between 1988 and 1990, in which they achieved their highest ever league finish of tenth place in the First Division in 1988–89. Millwall reached the 2004 FA Cup final and qualified for Europe for the first time in their history, playing in the UEFA Cup. The club have also won two League One play-off finals in 2010 and 2017, the Football League Group Cup in 1983, and were Football League Trophy finalists in 1999.
<Genevieve_Tobin>	Genevieve Tobin (November 29, 1899 – July 31, 1995) was an American actress.Tobin was born in New York City on November 29, 1899. Her father, Thomas Tobin, a bank clerk who later became a racetrack bookmaker, was born in Nova Scotia, Canada and her mother, Genevieve, was born in Washington, D.C. She had a sister, Vivian, and a brother, George.[citation needed]
<Holliston_(TV_series)>	Holliston is an American horror sitcom created by Adam Green, which debuted on April 3, 2012 on the FEARnet cable television network as their first ever original series.  Aside from the FEARnet cable television network, the show is also offered to watch on outlets such as Hulu, iTunes, and FEARnet On-Demand.Set in the small New England town of Holliston, Massachusetts, the series stars creator/writer/director/executive producer/showrunner Adam Green as "Adam" and executive producer Joe Lynch as "Joe", who are college grads that are chasing their dream to become horror filmmakers, whilst not quite making ends meet working at a local cable access station. The main ensemble is rounded out by Laura Ortiz (who plays "Laura", Joe's bubbly yet artistically morbid girlfriend) and Corri English (who plays "Corri", Adam's ex-girlfriend and childhood sweetheart that he is constantly trying to win back).  The show regularly features Twisted Sister's Dee Snider as Adam and Joe's cross-dressing, glam rock loving boss "Lance Rockett" and Oderus Urungus (Dave Brockie) of Gwar as "Oderus", Adam's imaginary alien friend who lives in his closet.Dread Central said "Season Two of “Holliston” is a quantum leap forward for a show that was already very, very good." Tyler Doupe of Comingsoon.net said "Holliston has a ton of heart. It will appeal to horror fans because it is made by horror fans for horror fans." The Austin Chronicle described the show as "The result is half Sabrina, The Teenage Witch, half Monty Python...Think of it as the show you hoped The Big Bang Theory would be."
<Abdulai_Bell-Baggie>	Abdulai Hindolo Bell-Baggie (born 28 April 1992) is a Sierra Leonean footballer who plays as a winger for Southern League Premier Division South club Gosport Borough.Born in Sierra Leone, Bell-Baggie represented both the England under-16 and England under-17 national teams before winning his first cap for Sierra Leone in 2013. A former Reading player, he has played on loan for Rotherham United, Port Vale, and Crawley Town and was briefly contracted to Yeovil Town and Hayes & Yeading United. He joined Salisbury City in January 2012, before switching to Tranmere Rovers seven months later. After spending three years at Tranmere, he was released before joining Bristol Rovers in March 2015 but failed to make an appearance for the club. He joined Stockport County in June 2015, and moved on to Poole Town in March 2016. He joined Weymouth in October 2017 and helped the club to win the Southern League Premier Division title in 2018–19. He signed with Eastleigh in June 2020 and moved on to Havant & Waterlooville 12 months later. He signed with Salisbury in January 2022 and moved on to Gosport Borough five months later.
<Sarah-Jane_Potts>	Sarah-Jane Potts (born 30 August 1976) is an English actress, best known for her roles as Saint (Sarah) in Sugar Rush, Ellie, Abs' on/off girlfriend in Casualty and Jo Lipsett in Waterloo Road. Potts is the sister of actor Andrew-Lee Potts. From 2011 to 2012, she appeared in Holby City as Senior Nurse Eddi McKee on AAU, playing a different character to the one she played in Casualty. Potts left Holby City in the second episode of Series 15; her departure was kept a secret by the production team and was not reported at all by the media, resulting in a shock exit for her character.Early in her career she noted that, "In the three years I have been acting I have spent most of the time looking dirty, scruffy, ill or tarty."
<The_Duck_Variations>	The Duck Variations is a 1972 play by American playwright David Mamet. The play depicts a discussion taking place between two elderly men sitting on a park bench watching ducks. The dialogue begins with the mating habits of ducks and runs to examine law, friendship and death. The principal irony is that the men really know nothing about ducks. If they did, it would not improve their beautiful fugue on the theme of the possibility of happiness. Rather they use what experience has taught them and scattered, possibly incorrect ideas and facts to make guesses. They each assure the other that their guesses are established fact. By argument and occasional agreement a composite view of ducks and by extension, the world, begins to emerge.The play is focused around two old men who randomly meet on a park bench. Although it is usually played that the two men do not know of each other, (the stage directions are ambiguous—they could meet, or they could be old friends) they awkwardly begin to talk to each other. As they fumble for topics to speak upon, somehow they always end up reverting to the ducks swimming around in the lake. Although their conversations seem misguided, as they talk about the ducks, many wise conversations are actually discussed. They talk about the leader of the ducks, and how every other duck follows that leader. When the leader duck dies, then a new leader must be chosen. They also talk about how everything the ducks do has a purpose. Within the dialog of the men, they talk about why things occur naturally, friendship, and death, not only in reference to the ducks, but also in human nature.The play was initially performed in 1972 at the Saint Nicholas Theatre, directed by Mamet.
<Baylor_College_of_Medicine>	1,151 clinical residents507 clinical fellows552 postdoctoral fellowsBaylor College of Medicine (BCM) is a medical school and research center in Houston, Texas, within the Texas Medical Center, the world's largest medical center. BCM is composed of four academic components: the School of Medicine, the Graduate School of Biomedical Sciences; the School of Health Professions, and the National School of Tropical Medicine.The school is part owner, alongside Catholic Health Initiatives (CHI), of Baylor St. Luke's Medical Center, the flagship hospital of the CHI St. Luke's Health system. Other affiliated teaching hospitals and research institutes include Harris Health System's Ben Taub Hospital, Texas Children's Hospital, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, TIRR Memorial Hermann, the Menninger Clinic, the Michael E. DeBakey VA Medical Center, and the Children's Hospital of San Antonio. On November 18, 2020, Baylor College of Medicine announced a new affiliation with Baylor Scott & White Health. This will result in the development of a new regional medical school campus in Temple, Texas, which will enroll 40 students per year starting in Fall 2023.
<A_New_Earth>	A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life’s Purpose is a 2005 self-help book by Eckhart Tolle. The book sold 5 million copies in North America by 2009. In 2008 it was selected for Oprah's Book Club and featured in a series of 10 weekly webinars with Tolle and Oprah Winfrey.An article in Success magazine describes A New Earth as a "self-improvement book" that encourages its readers to live their lives in each present moment and to create happiness for themselves without emphasizing material possessions.  Tolle's intent is to change the way human beings think, and he envisions a world population that is increasingly humble, enlightened, and pure. According to Tolle, the book's purpose "is not to add new information or beliefs to your mind or to try to convince you of anything, but to bring about a shift in consciousness".In the book, Tolle asserts that everyone can find "the freedom and joy of life" if they live in the present moment. The book describes human dysfunction, selfishness, anxiety, and the inhumanity we inflict on each other, as well as mankind's failed attempts to find life meaning and purpose through material possessions and unhealthy relationships. It asserts that thoughts can have a powerful and beneficial "effect on the healing process" and puts forth a concept of "evolutionary transformation of human consciousness" which prompts the reader to participate in "honest self-evaluation [that] can lead to positive change."
<Tokuma_Shoten>	Tokuma Shoten Publishing Co., Ltd. (株式会社徳間書店, Kabushiki gaisha Tokuma Shoten) is a publisher in Japan, headquartered in Shinagawa, Tokyo. The company was established in 1954 by Yasuyoshi Tokuma in Minato, Tokyo. The company’s product portfolio includes music publishing, video game publishing, movies, anime, magazines, manga and books.Companies that were part of Tokuma Shoten include Studio Ghibli, Daiei Film and the record label Tokuma Japan Communications. After the founder of the company, Yasuyoshi Tokuma died on September 20, 2000, an asset management occurred. Tokuma Shoten executed a corporate spin-off with Studio Ghibli, turning the company’s anime division as a separate company again in 2005. Tokuma Shoten sold off Tokuma Japan Communications to Daiichi Kosho in October 2001, and Daiei Films was purchased by Kadokawa Corporation in November 2002.Since 2005, the company has streamlined itself to focus solely on the publication of print media and the airing of its adapted properties to TV and feature film. On 17 March 2017, the company was acquired by Culture Convenience Club. The deal was completed at the end of March.
<Ivan_Svanidze>	Ivan "Dzhonrid" Alexandrovich Svanidze (Russian: Иван "Джонрид" Александрович Свани́дзе; Georgian: ივანე ალექსანდრეს ძე სვანიძე; Ivane Aleksandres dze Svanidze; 1927 – 1987), was a Soviet academic who specialized in agriculture and African Studies. He was the nephew of Joseph Stalin through his first wife, Ketevan Svanidze, and the third husband of Stalin's youngest daughter, Svetlana Alliluyeva.Svanidze was the son of Old Bolshevik Alexander Svanidze and Maria Anisimovna (née Korona). His parents were Georgians; his father's family were minor nobility from Kutais Governorate. His mother was from a Jewish family in Tiflis, and was an opera singer at the Tiflis Opera and Ballet Theatre.
<Ryan_Howard>	Ryan James Howard (born November 19, 1979), nicknamed "the Big Piece", is an American former professional baseball first baseman. Howard spent his entire Major League Baseball (MLB) career playing for the Philadelphia Phillies, from 2004 to 2016. He is known for being the fastest player in baseball history to reach 100 home runs and 200 home runs. Howard holds numerous Phillies franchise records.Howard made his MLB debut in 2004. He won the National League (NL) Rookie of the Year Award in 2005 and the NL Most Valuable Player (MVP) Award in 2006. Howard was a three-time NL All-Star (2006, 2009, 2010), and won the Silver Slugger Award, Hank Aaron Award, and the NL Championship Series MVP Award in 2009. Known for his power, Howard is a member of the 50 home run club. He was a two-time NL home run champion (2006, 2008), and became the fastest player to reach both the 100 and 200 home run milestones in MLB history, passing the marks in 2007 and 2009, respectively. He is also tied with Sammy Sosa for the most National League 140 RBI seasons at three and the most National League 130 RBI seasons at four. From 2006 to 2009, he hit 198 home runs, hitting at least 45 in each season. By the time he reached thirty years old, he had hit 222 home runs in 732 games. Over the remaining 840 games of his career, he proceeded to hit 160 home runs before playing his last major league game at the age of 36.
<Eric_Allin_Cornell>	Eric Allin Cornell (born December 19, 1961) is an American physicist who, along with Carl E. Wieman, was able to synthesize the first Bose–Einstein condensate in 1995. For their efforts, Cornell, Wieman, and Wolfgang Ketterle shared the Nobel Prize in Physics in 2001.Cornell was born in Palo Alto, California, where his parents were completing graduate degrees at nearby Stanford University. Two years later he moved to Cambridge, Massachusetts, where his father was a professor of civil engineering at MIT. Here he grew up with his younger brother and sister, with yearlong intermezzos in Berkeley, California, and Lisbon, Portugal, where his father spent sabbatical years.In Cambridge he attended Cambridge Rindge and Latin School. The year before his graduation he moved back to California with his mother and finished high school at San Francisco's Lowell High School, a local magnet school for academically talented students.
<Chinu_Modi>	Chinu Modi (Gujarati: ચિનુ મોદી ), (30 September 1939 – 19 March 2017), also known by his pen name Irshad (Gujarati: ઈર્શાદ), was a Gujarati language poet, novelist, short story writer and critic from Gujarat, India. Educated in languages, he taught at various institutions and established himself as a poet and author. He was a recipient of several awards including Sahitya Akademi Award, Vali Gujarati Award and Narsinh Mehta Award.Modi was born in Vijapur on 30 September 1939 to Chandulal and Shashikantaben. His family belonged to Kadi. He completed his primary education in Vijapur and secondary education from Sheth Hasanali High School in Dholka near Ahmedabad. He completed his matriculation in 1954.
<Gruber_Prize_in_Cosmology>	The Gruber Prize in Cosmology, established in 2000, is one of three prestigious international awards worth US$500,000 made by the Gruber Foundation, a non-profit organization based at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut.Since 2001, the Gruber Prize in Cosmology has been co-sponsored by the International Astronomical Union.
<G._V._Iyer>	Ganapathi Venkataramana Iyer (3 September 1917 – 21 December 2003) was a well-known Indian film director and actor. He was nicknamed "Kannada Bheeshma", and was the only person who made films in Sanskrit. His film Adi Shankaracharya (1983) won four National Film Award, including Best Film, Best Screenplay, Best Cinematography and Best Audiography. His films were well known for their spiritual themes. He was born in 1917 in Nanjanagud in Mysore district of Karnataka state in South India. His most critically acclaimed films were Bhagavad Gita (1993), which won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film and was nominated for Best Film at the Bogotá Film Festival and Swami Vivekananda (1998), for which Mithun Chakraborty won the national award for Best Supporting Actor.He was born in 1917 in an orthodox brahmin family in Nanjangud of Mysore district
<Kathleen_Kennedy_(producer)>	Kathleen Kennedy (born June 5, 1953) is an American film producer and president of Lucasfilm. In 1981, she co-founded the production company Amblin Entertainment with Steven Spielberg and her husband Frank Marshall.Her first film as a producer was E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial (1982). A decade later, again with Spielberg, she produced the Jurassic Park franchise, the first two of which became two of the top ten highest-grossing films of the 1990s. In 1992, she co-founded The Kennedy/Marshall Company with her husband, Frank Marshall. On October 30, 2012, she became the president of Lucasfilm after The Walt Disney Company acquired the company for $4.2 billion. She received the Irving G. Thalberg Award from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences in 2018.
<James_M._Brady>	James M. Brady, known as Jim Brady, is an American journalist and a pioneer in digital journalism. He is known for various roles over the years as a Programming Director at AOL, Executive Editor of the washingtonpost.com, General Manager at the since defunct TBD.com, Editor-in-Chief of Digital First Media, and president of the Online News Association.Currently he is the CEO of Spirited Media, a mobile-focused hyperlocal news firm. Their initial platform, known as Billy Penn (named after Pennsylvania founder William Penn) was launched in 2014.Brady was born in Queens, New York City and grew up in Huntington, New York. He graduated from American University with a degree in journalism from the American University School of Communication in 1989.[citation needed]
<Ellen_Wood_(author)>	Ellen Price (17 January 1814 – 10 February 1887) was an English novelist better known as Mrs. Henry Wood. She is best remembered for her 1861 novel East Lynne. Many of her books sold well internationally and were widely read in the United States. In her time, she surpassed Charles Dickens in fame in Australia.Ellen Price was born in Worcester in 1814. In 1836 she married Henry Wood, who worked in the banking and shipping trade in Dauphiné in the South of France, where they lived for 20 years. On the failure of Wood's business, the family (including four children) returned to England and settled in Upper Norwood near London, where Ellen Wood turned to writing. This supported the family. Henry Wood died in 1866. She wrote over 30 novels, many of which (especially East Lynne) enjoyed remarkable popularity. Among the best known are Danesbury House, Oswald Cray, Mrs. Halliburton's Troubles, The Channings, Lord Oakburn's Daughters and The Shadow of Ashlydyat. Her writing tone would be described as "conservative and Christian," occasionally expressing religious rhetoric.
<Glen_Tonche>	Glen Tonche is an estate atop Mount Tonche, in Ulster County, near Shokan, New York.The estate's house was built in 1928 as the summer family compound of American businessman Raymond Pitcairn, whose family founded PPG Industries. Since 1999 the property has been the location of Allaire Studios, a recording facility.
<Mansfield_Town_F.C.>	Mansfield Town Football Club is a professional football club based in the town of Mansfield, Nottinghamshire, England. The team competes in EFL League Two, the fourth tier of the English football league system. Nicknamed 'The Stags', they play in a blue and yellow kit. Since 1919, Mansfield have played at Field Mill, which is now an all-seater stadium with a capacity of 9,186. Their main rivals are Chesterfield and Notts County.The club was formed in 1897 as Mansfield Wesleyans and entered the Mansfield & District Amateur League in 1902, before changing its name to Mansfield Wesley and joining the Notts & District League in 1906. They then finally became Mansfield Town in 1910, and moved from the Notts & Derbyshire League to the Central Alliance the following year. Crowned Alliance champions in 1919–20, they joined the Midland League in 1921 and would win this league on three occasions – 1923–24, 1924–25 and 1928–29 – before they were admitted into the Football League in 1931. They were relegated out of the Third Division in 1960, but won promotion out of the Fourth Division in 1962–63, remaining in the third tier for nine seasons until their relegation in 1972. They reached the Second Division for the first time after winning the Fourth Division title in 1974–75 and the Third Division title in 1976–77, only to suffer two relegations in three seasons.
<Shamshi_Kaldayakov>	Shamshi Kaldayakov (Kazakh: Шәмші Қалдаяқов; 15 August 1937, Otyrar District, Shauyldyr aul – 29 February 1992, Almaty) was a Kazakh composer. He was born Shamshy Donbayev, but ran away from school and changed his name to avoid the police. He started playing music aged 17 and mainly wrote songs in a waltz style, but in 1956, he composed the music to the patriotic song My Kazakhstan. It was adopted in 2006 to be the Kazakhstan national anthem by Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev after a few modifications in the lyrics.This article on an Asian composer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Derek_Jeter>	Derek Sanderson Jeter (/ˈdʒiːtər/ JEE-tər; born June 26, 1974) is an American former professional baseball shortstop, businessman, and baseball executive. As a player, Jeter spent his entire 20-year Major League Baseball (MLB) career with the New York Yankees. He was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in his first year of eligibility in 2020; he received 396 of 397 possible votes (99.75%), the second-highest percentage in MLB history (behind only teammate Mariano Rivera) and the highest by a position player. He was the chief executive officer (CEO) and part owner of the league's Miami Marlins from September 2017 to February 2022. A five-time World Series champion with the Yankees, Jeter is regarded as a central contributor to the franchise's dynasty during the late 1990s and early 2000s for his hitting, base-running, fielding, and leadership. He is the Yankees' all-time career leader in hits (3,465), doubles (544), games played (2,747), stolen bases (358), times on base (4,716), plate appearances (12,602) and at bats (11,195). His accolades include 14 All-Star selections, five Gold Glove Awards, five Silver Slugger Awards, two Hank Aaron Awards, and a Roberto Clemente Award. Jeter was the 28th player to reach 3,000 hits and finished his career ranked sixth in MLB history in career hits and first among shortstops. In 2017, the Yankees retired his uniform number 2.
<Cedar_Rapids,_Iowa>	Cedar Rapids (/ˈsiːdər/) is the second-largest city in Iowa, United States and is the county seat of Linn County. The city lies on both banks of the Cedar River, 20 miles (32 km) north of Iowa City and 100 miles (160 km) northeast of Des Moines, the state's capital and largest city. It is a part of the Cedar Rapids/Iowa City region of Eastern Iowa, which includes Linn, Benton, Cedar, Iowa, Jones, Johnson, and Washington counties.As of the 2020 United States Census, the city population was 137,710. The estimated population of the three-county Metropolitan Statistical Area, which includes the nearby cities of Marion and Hiawatha, was 255,452 in 2008. Cedar Rapids is an economic hub of the state, located at the core of the Interstate 380 corridor. The Cedar Rapids Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) is also a part of a Combined Statistical Area (CSA) with the Iowa City MSA.A flourishing center for arts and culture in Eastern Iowa, the city is home to the Cedar Rapids Museum of Art, the National Czech & Slovak Museum & Library, the Paramount Theatre, Orchestra Iowa, Theatre Cedar Rapids, the African American Museum of Iowa, and the Iowa Cultural Corridor Alliance. In the 1990s and 2000s, several Cedar Rapidians became well-known actors, including Ashton Kutcher, Elijah Wood, Terry Farrell, and Ron Livingston. The city is the setting for the musical The Pajama Game and the comedy film Cedar Rapids.
<Fernando_Pessoa>	Fernando António Nogueira Pessoa (Portuguese: [fɨɾˈnɐ̃du pɨˈsoɐ]; 13 June 1888 – 30 November 1935) was a Portuguese poet, writer, literary critic, translator, publisher, and philosopher, described as one of the most significant literary figures of the 20th century and one of the greatest poets in the Portuguese language. He also wrote in and translated from English and French.Pessoa was a prolific writer, and not only under his own name, for he created approximately seventy-five others, of which three stand out, Alberto Caeiro, Álvaro de Campos, and Ricardo Reis. He did not call them pseudonyms because he felt that this did not capture their true independent intellectual life and instead called them heteronyms. These imaginary figures sometimes held unpopular or extreme views.
<Spain_national_under-20_football_team>	The Spain national under-20 football team represents Spain in international football at this age level and is controlled by Royal Spanish Football Federation (RFEF), the governing body for football in Spain.  Champions    Runners-up    Third Place    Fourth Place*Denotes draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
<The_Spongers>	The Spongers is a 1978 television play by Jim Allen which was directed by Roland Joffé and produced by Tony Garnett. First broadcast on 24 January 1978 on BBC 1, it was originally screened as part of the Play for Today series.Set against the backdrop of Silver Jubilee of Elizabeth II, the play depicts a single mother's struggles as welfare cuts affect the poor and disabled. The derogatory term 'spongers' is used by British tabloid press to describe people who are dependent on welfare support, however the play presents the case of a family who really need the help of welfare support. The title sequence shows the title of the play, 'The Spongers', superimposed over a picture of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, denoting them as 'the real spongers' as Royal finances are paid by British taxpayers. For example, the Queen's official expenditure increased by £200,000 from £32.1m in 2010-11 to £32.3m in 2011-12.
<Frederick_Sanger>	Frederick Sanger OM CH CBE FRS FAA (/ˈsæŋər/; 13 August 1918 – 19 November 2013) was an English biochemist who received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry twice. He is one of only three people to have done so in the same category (the others being John Bardeen in physics and Karl Barry Sharpless in chemistry), and one of five persons with two Nobel Prizes. He won the 1958 Prize for his research in determining the structure of numerous proteins, most importantly insulin, and shared half the 1980 Prize with Walter Gilbert for the invention of the first-ever DNA sequencing technique, still in broad use today.Frederick Sanger was born on 13 August 1918 in Rendcomb, a small village in Gloucestershire, England, the second son of Frederick Sanger, a general practitioner, and his wife, Cicely Sanger (née Crewdson). He was one of three children. His brother, Theodore, was only a year older, while his sister May (Mary) was five years younger.  His father had worked as an Anglican medical missionary in China but returned to England because of ill health. He was 40 in 1916 when he married Cicely, who was four years younger. Sanger's father converted to Quakerism soon after his two sons were born and brought up the children as Quakers. Sanger's mother was the daughter of an affluent cotton manufacturer and had a Quaker background, but was not a Quaker.
<Transport_for_London>	Transport for London (TfL) is a local government body responsible for most of the transport network in London, United Kingdom.TfL has responsibility for multiple rail networks including the London Underground and Docklands Light Railway, as well as London's buses, taxis, principal road routes, cycling provision, trams, and river services. It does not control all National Rail services in London, although it is responsible for London Overground and Elizabeth line services. The underlying services are provided by a mixture of wholly owned subsidiary companies (principally London Underground), by private sector franchisees (the remaining rail services, trams and most buses) and by licensees (some buses, taxis and river services). TfL was also responsible, jointly with the national Department for Transport (DfT), for commissioning the construction of the new Crossrail Project and is now responsible for franchising its operation as the Elizabeth line.
<Crewe_Alexandra_F.C.>	Crewe Alexandra Football Club is an English professional association football club based in the town of Crewe, Cheshire, that competes in League Two, the fourth tier of the English football league system. Nicknamed 'The Railwaymen' because of the town's links with the rail industry, and also commonly known as 'The Alex', they have played at Gresty Road since 1906. The supporters' fiercest rivalry is with Staffordshire-based side Port Vale.The club was formed in 1877 as the football division of Crewe Alexandra Cricket Club, named after Princess Alexandra. Crewe reached the FA Cup semi-finals in 1888 and were then a founding member of the Football League Second Division in 1892. In 1921, the club was invited to join the newly created Football League Third Division North, where they stayed for the next 37 years before being placed in the new Fourth Division in 1958. The team achieved their first promotion after finishing third in 1962–63. Crewe were immediately relegated but were promoted again in 1967–68; they again lasted just one season in the Third Division.
<Assistance_(play)>	Assistance (2008) is a play written by Leslye Headland which describes the workplace of the world-renowned Daniel Weisinger (likely based on Harvey Weinstein, for whom Headland worked as an assistant). Because of Weisenger's overpowering and often illogical nature, the workers quickly learn that their salary and aspirations of promotion come at a heavy cost. Under Weisinger, the characters must switch from "being human...to being assistants.”  The play is the third installment of Headland's “Seven Deadly Sins” plays. The series includes Cinephillia (lust), Bachelorette (gluttony), Assistance (greed), Surfer Girl (sloth), Reverb (wrath), and The Accidental Blonde (envy). The seventh remains unannounced.   Headland wrote and directed the 2012 film version of Bachelorette. Dramatists Play Service published Assistance in June 2013.It is 8 PM in the Manhattan office building of mogul Daniel Weisinger. Nick and Vince, both in their mid-to-late 20s, assist Weisinger in his hectic workplace. Their disorganized antechamber, filled with folders and numerous, constantly ringing phones, is adjacent to Weisinger's luxurious office. Beside Vince's desk is a box with all of his belongings. Nick, on the other hand, is buried in papers on his desk. The stage directions tell us that Vince is a “slick frat boy” who is going places, while Nick is a “goofy guy with a genuine wit and charm.” The play opens up with Nick and Vince answering phone calls while mocking Daniel behind his back. Vince will soon leave the office; he is being promoted to director. The woman taking his place is Nora, “an awkward young woman” who is excited to be working for Daniel. Nick and Nora have an awkward encounter that sets the tone for their relationship. After messing up on her first day by putting Daniel on hold, Nick takes the brunt of his boss's insults. Once they finish their first conversation together, Nick says, “Right. Well, now that we’ve been people briefly we can go back to being assistants.”In the first interlude of the play, Vince expresses his sexual desire to an anonymous person on the phone. He goes to extremes to show how excited and confident he is towards his post-promotion identity. Vince makes the extra effort to explain his motto,“Better to look good than feel good.”
<Dirac_Medal>	The Dirac Medal is the name of four awards in the field of theoretical physics, computational chemistry, and mathematics, awarded by different organizations, named in honour of Professor Paul Dirac, one of the great theoretical physicists of the 20th century.The first-established prize is the Dirac Medal for the Advancement of Theoretical Physics, awarded by the University of New South Wales, Sydney, Australia, jointly with the Australian Institute of Physics on the occasion of the public Dirac Lecture. The Lecture and the Medal commemorate the visit to the university in 1975 of Professor Dirac, who gave five lectures there. These lectures were subsequently published as a book: Directions of Physics (Wiley, 1978 – H. Hora and J. Shepanski, eds.). Professor Dirac donated the royalties from this book to the University for the establishment of the Dirac Lecture series. The prize, first awarded in 1979, includes a silver medal and honorarium.The Dirac Medal of the ICTP is given each year by the Abdus Salam International Centre for Theoretical Physics (ICTP) in honour of physicist Paul Dirac. The award, announced each year on 8 August (Dirac's birthday), was first awarded in 1985.
<Chieftain's_Salute>	Chieftain's Salute is a concerto in one movement for Great Highland Bagpipe and orchestra by Graham Waterhouse. The work is one of few to use the bagpipe with a classical orchestra. A version for bagpipe and string orchestra, Op. 34a, was composed in 2001. It is based on an earlier work for bagpipe and string quartet. Jacobean Salute was also derived from the early work, with a wind quintet replacing the bagpipe, published in 2003. A version for bagpipe and orchestra was composed and first performed in 2015.At Scottish Highland gatherings, a "Salute" is played to honour a person, here the "Chieftain" (the Head of a Clan). Waterhouse composed the first version of Chieftain's Salute in 1994 for bagpipe and string quartet, for a fund-raising event. He wrote a version for bagpipe and string orchestra, Op. 34a, in 2001. It was premiered and first recorded with soloist Graham Waller. In 2015 Waterhouse wrote a version for bagpipe and symphony orchestra. It was first performed on 8 November 2015 at the Capitol Theater in Offenbach am Main, again with Graham Waller as the soloist and the Neue Philharmonie Frankfurt conducted by Steven Lloyd González.Waterhouse derived from the first work in 1994 also Jacobean Salute, a version without bagpipe, but scored for wind quintet (flute, oboe, clarinet, horn, bassoon), and string quintet (two violins, viola, cello and double bass), with the winds mainly playing the role of the bagpipe. Glissandi of the strings imitate the blowing of the pipes (Durchpusten der Pfeifen). It was premiered in 1995 and published in 2003 by Lienau in Frankfurt.
<Rail_Wheel_Plant,_Bela>	Rail Wheel Plant, Bela (Hindi: रेल पहिया कारखाना, बेला) is an independent Production Unit of Indian Railways. It is situated in Bela Gram Panchayat, Dariapur Block, Parsa in Saran district of Bihar. It was inaugurated in 2008 by the former Railway Minister of India, Lalu Prasad Yadav. It was built at a cost of ₹1,450 crore (US$180 million). It is spread over a land area of 165 acres.The Rail Wheel Plant's construction, which started in July 2008, was a step to revive industrialization in North Bihar. Indian Railways made history by awarding this project as an Engineering Procurement & Construction (EPC) contract to Larsen & Toubro Limited (L&T). It was the first time in the history of Indian Railways that a highly sophisticated factory was set up without any foreign collaboration. It was possible because of the in-house capability of railway engineers and expertise of L&T. The construction division of L&T (ECC) was involved in civil & electrical works, whereas the Railway Business Unit (an initiative of L&T in rolling stock projects) set up methods and procedures along with interfacing of equipment. Working in close coordination with contractors and sub-contractors, Indian Railways achieved completion of the project within the stipulated time-frame of 40 months (24 months of the original time schedule and additional extensions).
<Michael_Gill>	George Michael Gill (10 December 1923 – 20 October 2005) was an English television producer and director responsible for creating documentaries for the BBC.Gill was born in Winchester, Hampshire but was brought up in Canterbury. He contracted tuberculosis as a child which disrupted his education severely; he spent four years in a spinal chair. He served in the RAF in Intelligence during the war. One of his most memorable debriefings was interrogating a German who had survived a 20,000 feet (6,100 m) fall over the Netherlands without his parachute having opened. His memoir of the war years, Growing into War, was published in 2005.
<Henry_Lee_Junior>	Henry Lee Man-Kee Junior (Chinese: 李萬祺; born 18 March 1958) is a Hong Kong celebrity and a racing driver.Lee is the son of Henry Lee Hok-Ping who was a motorcycle racer and worked for Sime Darby. Lee Jr. majored in Business Administration and graduated from University of Southern California. He was an auto racing fan since young due to his father's influence. He began racing karts in 1986 and competed in the Guia Race of Macau for the first time in 1988.In 1999, Lee drove a Volvo S40 for Ghiasport, sponsored by Ericsson.
<Ginnifer_Goodwin>	Jennifer Michelle "Ginnifer" Goodwin (born May 22, 1978) is an American actress. She is known for her starring role as Margene Heffman in the HBO drama series Big Love (2006–2011) and Snow White / Mary Margaret Blanchard in the ABC fantasy series Once Upon a Time (2011–2018).Goodwin has appeared in various films, including the drama Mona Lisa Smile (2003), the musical biopic Walk the Line (2005), the romantic comedy He's Just Not That Into You (2009), the family comedy Ramona and Beezus (2010), the romantic comedy Something Borrowed (2011), and the biopic Killing Kennedy (2013). She also voiced the lead role of Fawn in the Disney animated fantasy film Tinker Bell and the Legend of the Neverbeast (2014) and Judy Hopps in the Disney animated comedy film Zootopia (2016).
<Immaculate_Conception_Church_(Manhattan)>	The Church of the Immaculate Conception is a parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York, located at 414 East 14th Street, near First Avenue, Manhattan, New York City, and previously at 505 East 14th Street.The parish was established in 1855, when a temporary church was established in a carpenter's shop on 15th Street by Rev. Bernard Farrell. The congregation was largely Irish and Italian immigrants who had settled on the East Side. Farrell resigned due to failing health, and his successor, Rev. John Ryan had a new church constructed at 505 14th Street, which was dedicated by Archbishop Hughes in May 1858. Ryan was followed by Rev. William P. Morrogh, who established the parish school. The school opened in 1864, staffed by the Sisters of Charity of New York; the Christian Brothers arrived in 1880 and assumed instruction of the boys.    By the tenure of Monsignor John Edwards in 1875, Immaculate Conception was the largest parish in the city. In 1887, the church was consecrated by Archbishop Michael Corrigan. The church was the site of the 1891 funeral of Congressman Francis Barretto Spinola
<U.D._Oliveirense>	União Desportiva Oliveirense (UDO), commonly known as Oliveirense, is a Portuguese sports club from the city of Oliveira de Azeméis, in Aveiro District. The club was founded on 25 October 1922. The main football team currently plays at the Estádio Carlos Osório which holds a seating capacity of 4,000 and plays in Liga Portugal 2. As a multisports club it fields very successful teams in  rink hockey and basketball as well. Its rink hockey team has won the Taça de Portugal on three occasions whilst its basketball team has won the Portuguese Basketball SuperCup and the Portuguese Basketball Cup. The Kelly–Simoldes–UDO cycling team, which holds a UCI Continental team licence, is affiliated with União Desportiva Oliveirense.Oliveirense is part of the Aveiro Football Association which is the football association in charge of the district's football matters. In its entire history the club has won seven major trophies, of which their first was the AF Aveiro Championship in the 1945–46 season. Oliveirense are currently sponsored by Italian sportswear manufacturer Macron.The club was founded on 25 October 1922 as União Desportiva Oliveirense. Prior to its inception it was called Sport Clube Oliveirense who had begun playing in the district league of Aveiro.
<Vanderbilt_University>	Vanderbilt University (informally Vandy or VU) is a private research university in Nashville, Tennessee. Founded in 1873, it was named in honor of shipping and rail magnate Cornelius Vanderbilt, who provided the school its initial $1-million endowment in the hopes that his gift and the greater work of the university would help to heal the sectional wounds inflicted by the Civil War.Vanderbilt enrolls approximately 13,800 students from the US and over 100 foreign countries. Vanderbilt is classified among "R1: Doctoral Universities – Very high research activity". Several research centers and institutes are affiliated with the university, including the Robert Penn Warren Center for the Humanities, the Freedom Forum First Amendment Center, and Dyer Observatory. Vanderbilt University Medical Center, formerly part of the university, became a separate institution in 2016. With the exception of the off-campus observatory, all of the university's facilities are situated on its 330-acre (1.3 km2) campus in the heart of Nashville, 1.5 miles (2.4 km) from downtown.
<October_Films>	October Films was a major U.S. independent film production company and distributor founded in 1991 by Bingham Ray and Jeff Lipsky as a means of distributing the 1990 film Life Is Sweet.A series of mergers and acquisitions began when Universal Pictures (then a division of the Seagram Company) bought a majority stake in October Films in 1997. Universal then sold its shares to Barry Diller in 1999, who renamed the company USA Films and merged it with Gramercy Pictures. Vivendi then acquired USA Films, who in 2002 acquired Good Machine and merged it with USA Films, forming Focus Features.
<Peter_Crouch>	Peter James Crouch (born 30 January 1981) is an English former professional footballer who played as a striker. He was capped 42 times by the England national team between 2005 and 2010, scoring 22 goals for his country during that time, and appearing at two FIFA World Cup tournaments. He is one of 33 players to have scored 100 or more Premier League goals, and holds the record for the most headed goals in Premier League history.
<Julian_Glover>	Julian Wyatt Glover CBE (born 27 March 1935) is an English classical actor with many stage, television, and film roles since commencing his career in the 1950s. He is a recipient of the Laurence Olivier Award and has performed many times for the Royal Shakespeare Company.Glover's well-known film roles have included General Maximilian Veers in The Empire Strikes Back (1980), Aristotle Kristatos in For Your Eyes Only (1981), Brian Harcourt-Smith in The Fourth Protocol (1987) and Walter Donovan in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade (1989). He also voiced the giant Acromantula spider Aragog in Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (2002) and appeared as conductor Andris Davis in the psychological drama Tár (2022).
<Seoul>	Seoul (/soʊl/; Korean: [sʰʌul] (listen); lit. 'Capital'), officially known as the Seoul Special City, is the capital and largest metropolis of South Korea. According to the 2020 census, Seoul has a population of 9.9 million people, and forms the heart of the Seoul Capital Area with the surrounding Incheon metropolis and Gyeonggi province. Considered to be a global city and rated as an Alpha – City by Globalization and World Cities Research Network (GaWC), Seoul was the world's fourth largest metropolitan economy in 2014, following Tokyo, New York City and Los Angeles.Seoul was rated Asia's most livable city with the second highest quality of life globally by Arcadis in 2015, with a GDP per capita (PPP) of around $40,000. With major technology hubs centered in Gangnam and Digital Media City, the Seoul Capital Area is home to the headquarters of 15 Fortune Global 500 companies, including Samsung, LG, and Hyundai. Ranked seventh in the Global Power City Index and Global Financial Centres Index, the metropolis exerts a major influence in global affairs as one of the five leading hosts of global conferences. Seoul has hosted the 1986 Asian Games, 1988 Summer Olympics, and the 2010 G20 Seoul summit.
<Atoms_for_Peace_Award>	The Atoms for Peace Award was established in 1955 through a grant of $1,000,000 by the Ford Motor Company Fund. An independent nonprofit corporation was set up to administer the award for the development or application of peaceful nuclear technology. It was created in response to U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower's Atoms for Peace speech to the United Nations.  The 23 recipients were:
<Stitches_(book)>	Stitches: A Memoir is a graphic memoir written and illustrated by David Small. It tells the story of Small's journey from sickly child to cancer patient, to the troubled teen who made a risky decision to run away from home at sixteen—with nothing more than the dream of becoming an artist.The book is set in Detroit, Michigan, where Small spent his childhood. Small's family—on the surface a model of 1950's-style middle class contentment and success—was a tinderbox of closeted feelings and mental repression. As a young boy Small was plagued with reoccurring respiratory problems. His father was a radiologist who,  following the practice of the day, through x-rays and radiation therapy exposed his son to massive doses of radiation. While still at a young age, a growth began to form on Small's neck. Years after the diagnosis, Small awoke from this supposedly harmless operation to discover that he had been transformed into a virtual mute—one of his vocal cords had been removed along with the growth. He was fourteen, and had not been told that the radiation had given him cancer and was expected to die. From there things began to stack up as his parents' hidden distress and anger started to seep through in fits of sadness and rage directed towards him. When the world became too much for the extremely talented Small to handle, he would escape into his own world of sketches and drawings.Stitches was reviewed by the New York Times and the Los Angeles Times. It was a #1 New York Times Best Seller, and was named one of the ten best books of 2009 by Publishers Weekly and Amazon.com. It was also a finalist for the 2009 National Book Award for Young People's Literature. Stitches was a 2010 Alex Awards recipient.
<Mark_Few>	Mark Norman Few (born December 27, 1962) is an American college basketball coach who has been the head coach at Gonzaga University since 1999.  He has served on Gonzaga's coaching staff since 1989, and has been a constant on the sidelines throughout a period that has seen the Bulldogs rise from mid-major obscurity to consistent NCAA tournament contenders. During his tenure as head coach, Few has led the Bulldogs to the NCAA Tournament every season (except 2019–20, when the team had secured an automatic bid but the tournament was canceled), a stretch that has garnered the Bulldogs recognition as a major basketball power despite playing in a mid-major conference.Few was born in Creswell, Oregon, and was a star point guard at Creswell High School, graduating in 1981. He originally attended Linfield College, hoping to play basketball and baseball, but he was troubled by the after effects of a dislocated shoulder he suffered while playing football as a senior at Creswell. He then transferred to the University of Oregon, hoping to play baseball there, but the Ducks had dropped their varsity baseball program by the time he arrived in Eugene. He graduated from Oregon with a BS in physical education in 1987.
<Cagliari_Calcio>	Cagliari Calcio, commonly referred to as Cagliari (Italian: [ˈkaʎʎari] (listen)), is an Italian football club based in Cagliari, Sardinia. In the 2022-23 season, they compete in Serie B. As of 2021–22, the team is temporarily playing their home games at the 16,416-seat Unipol Domus, adjacent to their future new stadium site.Founded in 1920, they won their only Scudetto in 1969–70, when they were led by the Italian national team's all-time leading scorer, Gigi Riva. The triumph was also the first by a club from south of Rome. The club's best European performance was in the 1993–94 UEFA Cup, losing in the semi-finals to Internazionale.
<Independence,_Missouri>	Independence is the fifth-largest city in Missouri and the county seat of Jackson County.  Independence is a satellite city of Kansas City, Missouri, and is the largest suburb on the Missouri side of the Kansas City metropolitan area.  In 2020, it had a total population of 123,011.Independence is known as the "Queen City of the Trails" because it was a point of departure for the California, Oregon, and Santa Fe Trails.  It is the hometown of U.S. President Harry S. Truman, with the Truman Presidential Library and Museum, and the gravesites of Truman and First Lady Bess Truman. The city is sacred to the Latter Day Saint movement, as the home of Joseph Smith's 1831 Temple Lot, and the headquarters of several Mormon denominations.Independence was originally inhabited by Missouri and Osage Native Americans, followed by the Spanish and a brief French tenure.  It became part of the United States with the Louisiana Purchase in 1803.  Lewis and Clark recorded in their journals that they stopped in 1804 to pick plums, raspberries, and wild apples at a site that would later form part of the city. Independence was also a stopping point for the "Donner Party", an ill fated group of 19th Century wagon train emigrants whose westward journey along the California Trail ended in disaster; spawning one of the most well known and taboo stories of pioneer era America.
<Kenneth_Mapp>	Kenneth Ezra Mapp (born November 2, 1955) is an American politician who served as the eighth elected Governor of the United States Virgin Islands, from 2015 to 2019. He is registered Republican, but ran as an independent.A former three-term Virgin Islands Senator, Mapp served as the Lieutenant Governor of the United States Virgin Islands from 1995 until 1999. Mapp was an independent candidate for Governor of the U.S. Virgin Islands in 2006 and 2010, but was both times defeated by Democrat John de Jongh. He ran in the 2014 gubernatorial election for Governor of the United States Virgin Islands, defeating Donna Christian-Christensen, the longtime Delegate to Congress, in a run-off. Mapp ran for a second term in 2018, but was defeated in the runoff election by Democrat Albert Bryan.Kenneth Ezra Mapp was born on November 2, 1955, in Brooklyn, New York, to Al Mapp and Vashti Hewitt Mapp of St. Croix. He was one of four siblings. Mapp moved to Saint Croix in the U.S. Virgin Islands in 1961, where he was raised by his maternal grandmother, Almina N. Hewitt, in Estate Rattan. He graduated from St. Croix Central High School in 1973.
<Bill_Thompson_(voice_actor)>	William H. Thompson (July 8, 1913 – July 15, 1971) was an American radio personality and voice actor, whose career stretched from the 1930s until his death. He was a featured comedian playing multiple roles on the Fibber McGee and Molly radio series, and was the voice of Droopy in most of the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer cartoon studio theatrical cartoons from 1943 to 1958.Thompson was born to vaudevillian parents and was of Scottish ancestry. He began his career in Chicago radio, where his early appearances included appearances as a regular on Don McNeill's morning variety series The Breakfast Club in 1934 and a stint as a choir member on the musical variety series The Sinclair Weiner Minstrels around 1937. While on the former series, Thompson originated a meek, mush-mouthed character occasionally referred to in publicity as Mr. Wimple.Thompson soon achieved his greatest fame after he joined the cast of the radio comedy Fibber McGee and Molly around 1936. On Fibber McGee and Molly, Thompson brought back the Wimple voice in 1941, and essayed a variety of roles, including a boisterous conman with a W. C. Fields voice, originally named Widdicomb Blotto but soon re-christened Horatio K. Boomer, and Nick Depopulis, the Greek restaurant owner. His two most famous roles on the series, however, were as the Old Timer and Wallace Wimple. The Old Timer, introduced in 1937 was a garrulous old gent who dropped in and listened to McGee's rambling stories and jokes. He inexplicably referred to McGee as "Johnny", as in: "That's pretty good, Johnny, but that ain't the way I heerd it!" This soon became a national catchphrase and surfaced in Warner Bros. cartoon shorts, notably Tortoise Wins by a Hare in which Bugs Bunny disguises himself as a bearded old man and tries to trick the tortoise into telling him "how he beat that wabbit!")
<Mario_Rosas>	Mario Alberto Rosas Montero (born 22 May 1980), better known simply as Mario Rosas, is a Spanish former footballer who played as an attacking midfielder. He was most recently the manager. An unsuccessful youth graduate at Barcelona, he went on to appear in 308 Segunda División matches over 12 professional seasons, in representation of five teams, mainly Castellón.
<Sarah_Michelle_Gellar>	Sarah Michelle Prinze (née Gellar /ˈɡɛlər/ GHEL-ər; born April 14, 1977) is an American actress. After being spotted at the age of four in New York City, she made her screen acting debut in the television film An Invasion of Privacy (1983). A leading role on the teen drama series Swans Crossing (1992) was followed by her role as Kendall Hart on the ABC daytime soap opera All My Children (1993–1995), for which she won the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actress in a Drama Series. 
<Wonderland_Sydney>	Wonderland Sydney (originally known as Australia's Wonderland), was an amusement park in Eastern Creek, Sydney, Australia. Officially opened in December 1985 by the Premier of New South Wales, Neville Wran, the park was the largest in the southern hemisphere. It remained open for over 18 years and was the premier theme park in New South Wales for much of its life until its closure in 2004.Wonderland Sydney, then known as Australia's Wonderland opened amid much media attention and publicity on 7 December 1985 with financial backing from the New South Wales State Superannuation Board, James Hardie, Leighton Holdings and Taft Broadcasting (through Kings Entertainment Company) at Eastern Creek on the junction of Wallgrove Road and the M4 Motorway.  The developers sought to provide an alternative to the troubled Luna Park Sydney, which had opened and closed multiple times in its recent history. The area would also see the opening of Eastern Creek Raceway in 1990 as the Sydney metropolitan area expanded to the west.
<Nicos_Poulantzas>	Nicos Poulantzas (Greek: Νίκος Πουλαντζάς [ˈnikos pulanˈd͡zas]; 21 September 1936 – 3 October 1979) was a Greek-French Marxist political sociologist and philosopher. In the 1970s, Poulantzas was known, along with Louis Althusser, as a leading structural Marxist; while at first a Leninist, he eventually became a proponent of democratic socialism. He is best known for his theoretical work on the state, but he also offered Marxist contributions to the analysis of fascism, social class in the contemporary world, and the collapse of dictatorships in Southern Europe in the 1970s (such as Francisco Franco's rule in Spain, António de Oliveira Salazar's in Portugal, and Georgios Papadopoulos' in Greece).Poulantzas studied law in Greece and moved to France in 1961; there he completed a doctorate in the philosophy of law under the title The rebirth of natural Law in Germany (La renaissance du droit naturel en Allemagne) in 1964. He taught sociology at the University of Paris VIII from 1968 until his death. He was married to the French novelist Annie Leclerc [fr] and had one daughter. He committed suicide in 1979 by jumping from the window of a friend's flat in Paris.Poulantzas's theory of the state reacted to what he saw as simplistic understandings within Marxism. Instrumentalist Marxist accounts held that the state was simply an instrument in the hands of a particular class. Poulantzas disagreed with this because he saw the capitalist class as too focused on its individual short-term profit, rather than on maintaining the class's power as a whole, to simply exercise the whole of state power in its own interest. Poulantzas argued that the state, though relatively autonomous from the capitalist class, nonetheless functions to ensure the smooth operation of capitalist society, and therefore benefits the capitalist class. In particular, he focused on how an inherently divisive system such as capitalism could coexist with the social stability necessary for it to reproduce itself—looking in particular to nationalism as a means to overcome the class divisions within capitalism. Poulantzas has been particularly influential over the Marxist state theorist, Bob Jessop.
<Franz_Seldte>	Franz Seldte (29 June 1882 – 1 April 1947) was a German politician who served as the Reich Minister for Labour from 1933 to 1945. Prior to his ministry, Seldte served as the Federal Leader of Der Stahlhelm World War I ex-servicemen's organisation from 1918 to 1934. Ideologically, he identified as a national conservative.Born in Magdeburg in the Prussian province of Saxony, Seldte was the son of an owner of a factory producing chemical products and soda water. He attended the Wilhelm-Raabe-Gymnasium in Magdeburg and, after an apprenticeship as a salesman, studied chemistry at the universities of Braunschweig and Greifswald. In 1908 he took over the business of his early deceased father. As an officer of the German Army he was wounded in World War I and lost his left arm. He then became a front reporter. Awarded with the Iron Cross 2nd and 1st class, Seldte also was promoted to the rank of Hauptmann d.R. in the 66th Infantry Regiment.[citation needed]
<Amos_E._Joel_Jr.>	Amos Edward Joel Jr. (March 12, 1918 – October 25, 2008) was an American electrical engineer, known for several contributions and over seventy patents related to telecommunications switching systems.Joel was born in Philadelphia, and spent portions of his youth living in New York City, where he graduated from DeWitt Clinton High School in the Bronx.He earned his B.Sc. (1940) and M.Sc. (1942) in electrical engineering from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he worked on the Rockefeller Differential Analyzer (project headed by Vannevar Bush), and a thesis on functional design of relays and switch circuits, advised by Samuel H. Caldwell.Joel worked at Bell Labs (1940–83) where he first undertook cryptology studies (collaboration with Claude Shannon), followed by studies on electronic switching system that resulted in the 1ESS switch (1948–60). He then headed the development of advanced telephone services (1961–68), which led to several patents, including one on Traffic Service Position System and a mechanism for handoff in cellular communication (1972). The latter invention made mobile telephony widely available by allowing a multitude of callers to use the limited number of available frequencies simultaneously and by allowing the seamless switching of calls from tower to tower as callers traveled.  After 1983, he worked as a consultant to AT&T, developing mechanisms for optical switching.
<United_States_Navy>	13 October 1775(247 years, 2 months)(as Continental Navy)The United States Navy (USN) is the maritime service branch of the United States Armed Forces and one of the eight uniformed services of the United States. It is the largest and most powerful navy in the world, with the estimated tonnage of its active battle fleet alone exceeding the next 13 navies combined, including 11 allies or partner nations of the United States as of 2015. It has the highest combined battle fleet tonnage (4,635,628 tonnes as of 2019) and the world's largest aircraft carrier fleet, with eleven in service, two new carriers under construction, and five other carriers planned. With 336,978 personnel on active duty and 101,583 in the Ready Reserve, the United States Navy is the third largest of the United States military service branches in terms of personnel. It has 290 deployable combat vessels and more than 2,623 operational aircraft as of June 2019[update].
<One_Flew_Over_the_Cuckoo's_Nest_(film)>	One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is a 1975 American psychological comedy drama film directed by Miloš Forman, based on the 1962 novel of the same name by Ken Kesey. The film stars Jack Nicholson who plays a new patient at a mental institution alongside Louise Fletcher who plays an austere nurse. It also features a supporting cast of Will Sampson, Danny DeVito, Sydney Lassick, William Redfield, as well as Christopher Lloyd and Brad Dourif in their film debuts.Filming began in January 1975 and lasted three months, taking place on location in Salem, Oregon, and the surrounding area, as well as Depoe Bay on the north Oregon coast. The producers decided to shoot the film in the Oregon State Hospital, an actual mental hospital, as this was also the setting of the novel. The hospital is still in operation (as of 2022), though the original buildings seen in the film have been demolished. The film released on November 19, 1975. Considered by many to be one of the greatest films ever made, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is No. 33 on the American Film Institute's 100 Years... 100 Movies list.The film was the second to win all five major Academy Awards (Best Picture, Actor in Lead Role, Actress in Lead Role, Director, and Screenplay) following It Happened One Night in 1934, an accomplishment not repeated until 1991 with The Silence of the Lambs. It also won numerous Golden Globe and BAFTA Awards. In 1993, the film was deemed "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant" by the United States Library of Congress, and selected for preservation in the National Film Registry.
<AC_Horsens>	AC Horsens is a professional Danish football team, playing in the Danish Superliga. They play on Casa Arena Horsens in Horsens. The club was founded in 1994, as a superstructure on Horsens fS (founded 1915), Stensballe IK and FC Horsens. Both Stensballe IK and FC Horsens has later left the cooperation, and only Horsens fS remains.When the new team started in 1994, Horsens fS had finished sixth in the 1994–95 1st Division season, which qualified AC Horsens to play for promotion to the 1994–95 Superliga through the 1994 Qualifying League. As AC Horsens only won two of 14 matches, and finished last in the Qualifying League, they missed their opportunity of instant promotion for the Superliga.
<Arto_Paasilinna>	Acerbi (Italy)  1994 The Year of the Hare Arto Tapio Paasilinna (Finnish: [ˈɑrto ˈpɑːsiˌlinːɑ], approximately AR-toh PAH-see-LEEN-nah; 20 April 1942 – 15 October 2018) was a Finnish writer, being a former journalist turned comic novelist. One of Finland's most successful novelists, he won a broad readership outside of Finland in a way few other Finnish authors have before. Translated into 27 languages, over seven million copies of his books have been sold worldwide, and he has been claimed as "instrumental in generating the current level of interest in books from Finland".Paasilinna is mostly known for his 1975 novel The Year of the Hare (Jäniksen vuosi), a bestseller in France and Finland, translated into 18 languages, awarded three international prizes, and adapted twice into feature films: a 1977 Finnish film directed by Risto Jarva called The Year of the Hare, and a 2006 French film directed by Marc Rivière called Le Lièvre de Vatanen.
<Annette_de_la_Renta>	Annette de la Renta (born 24 December 1939) is an American philanthropist and socialite, the widow of the Dominican fashion designer Oscar de la Renta. She was named to the International Best Dressed List Hall of Fame in 1973.Born in Nice, France, as Anne France Mannheimer and nicknamed Annette, she is the only child of a German Jewish banker, Fritz Mannheimer (1890–1939), who died before her birth, and his Roman Catholic wife, Mary Jane Reiss (1917-2004, aka Marie Annette Jane Reiss, aka Jane Engelhard). Her German-born maternal grandfather, Hugo Reiss, was a German Jewish businessman in Shanghai, China, where he served as the Brazilian consul; and her maternal grandmother, Mary Ignatius Murphy, was a Roman Catholic of Irish descent from San Francisco. In 1947, after her mother moved to the United States and remarried, Annette Mannheimer was adopted by her stepfather, Charles W. Engelhard Jr., an industrial magnate, and became Annette Engelhard; she became an American citizen in 1966. She was raised in the Roman Catholic faith of her mother.
<Hello,_Dolly!_(musical)>	Hello, Dolly! is a 1964 musical with lyrics and music by Jerry Herman and a book by Michael Stewart, based on Thornton Wilder's 1938 farce The Merchant of Yonkers, which Wilder revised and retitled The Matchmaker in 1955. The musical follows the story of Dolly Gallagher Levi, a strong-willed matchmaker, as she travels to Yonkers, New York, to find a match for the miserly "well-known unmarried half-a-millionaire" Horace Vandergelder.Hello, Dolly! debuted at the Fisher Theater in Detroit on November 18, 1963, directed and choreographed by Gower Champion and produced by David Merrick, and moved to Broadway in 1964, winning 10 Tony Awards, including Best Musical. These awards set a record which the play held for 37 years. The show album Hello, Dolly! An Original Cast Recording was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 2002. The album reached number one on the Billboard album chart on June 6, 1964, and was replaced the next week by Louis Armstrong's album Hello, Dolly! Louis Armstrong also was featured in the film version of the show, performing a small part of the song "Hello, Dolly!".
<Spike_Island_(film)>	Spike Island is a 2012 British comedy film directed by Mat Whitecross and written by Chris Coghill. It was distributed by Universal Pictures and Vertigo Films and produced by Revolver Entertainment. The film is based on The Stone Roses' seminal gig on Spike Island in Widnes, Cheshire, England, and follows the story of a group of friends who idolise the band and try to get into the gig, but are faced with problems because they do not have a ticket or a way to get there. Spike Island premiered on 11 October 2012 at the BFI London Film Festival and was released on DVD on 21 June 2013.Set in May 1990, the film follows the exploits of five lads: Gary 'Tits' Titchfield, Darren 'Dodge' Hodge, Chris 'Zippy' Weeks, 'Little Gaz' Gareth Barrett and 'Penfold' Andrew Peach. They are fans of The Stone Roses and members of wannabe band Shadowcaster. It starts 60 hours prior to The Stone Roses' legendary gig at Spike Island, Widnes, Cheshire. The group get an idea to give The Stone Roses their cassette tape via Sally, a girl whom both Tits and Dodge show interest in, although Dodge has never spoken to her. They hatch a plan to get tickets to the gig and kick-start their career. Tits' brother 'Ibiza' Steve gets the boys on the guest-list for the gig. But when Tits' dad becomes increasingly ill during the 60 hours, he fails to turn up and on the morning of the gig his dad worsens but his dad tells Tits to go to the gig. Penfold's dad burns his top in an effort to stop him from going and when he goes to hit him Penfold stands up to his dad after his dad has been abusing him and heads to the gig. They lure 'Uncle Hairy' out of his van and steal it but when they run out of fuel they have to stop but Penfold convinces them to walk to the M6. They hide in the baggage hold of the bus until they arrive at Spike Island. Once arrived they jump out of their hiding place and are chased by police and the bus driver but lose them in the crowd. They lose Penfold and are unable to find him, so they carry on to the entry zone but are turned away because they do not have tickets and are not on the guest-list. The remaining four make their way to the outside of the venue. They meet Sally who has lost her friends in the crowd and doesn't want to go in alone and gives Dodge her ticket. Dodge heads for the gig without the cassette tape because he was afraid "to fuck it up". On his way back to the boys, he sees Sally and Tits hooking up. Tits and Dodge later argue but when Tits' dad eventually dies they make up. Meanwhile, Zippy visits the nearby Catalyst Science Discovery Centre (at that point still called The Museum of the Chemical Industry). At the end of the movie it is shown that Tits and Sally are together and all the boys have moved on as school has finished. The ending scene shows Tits looking at Dodge from his window while Dodge walks down the lane with his guitar and bags.
<Aarhus_Gymnastikforening>	Aarhus Gymnastikforening (Danish: [ˈɒːˌhuˀs kymnaˈstikfʌˌe̝ˀne̝ŋ]; commonly known as AGF Danish: [æke̝ˀˈef]), is a professional sports club based in Aarhus, Jutland, Denmark. Founded in 1880, it is one of the oldest clubs in the country and gymnastics and fencing are featured as its main sports. However, AGF is mostly known for its football department, which was established in 1902. Currently, the club's first team plays in the Danish Superliga, the top flight of the Danish football league system.AGF has won five Danish Football Championships and a record nine Danish Cups. In 1961, AGF reached the quarter-finals of the European Cup where they were knocked out by later winners, Benfica. In 1989, AGF again reached a European quarter-final. This time in the European Cup Winners' Cup, where they lost 1–0 on aggregate to later winners FC Barcelona.
<George_F._Carrier>	George Francis Carrier (May 4, 1918 – March 8, 2002) was an engineer and physicist, and the T. Jefferson Coolidge Professor of Applied Mathematics Emeritus of Harvard University. He was particularly noted for his ability to intuitively model a physical system and then deduce an analytical solution. He worked especially in the modeling of fluid mechanics, combustion, and tsunamis.Born in Millinocket, Maine, he received a master's in engineering degree in 1939 and a Ph.D. in 1944 from Cornell University with a dissertation in applied mechanics entitled Investigations in the Field of Aeolotropic Elasticity and the Bending of the Sectorial-Plate under the supervision of J. Norman Goodier. He was co-author of a number of mathematical textbooks and over 100 journal papers.
<Will_Barratt>	William Barratt is an American cinematographer and producer best known for his work on the films of the Adam Green.  He went to college at the University of Massachusetts and later attended the International Film and Television Workshop. Barratt was nominated for the 2014 BloodGuts UK Horror award for Digging Up the Marrow.  In 2015 he won the Best Cinematography from the Hollywood Reel Independent Film Festival for his work on the short film Boudoir.Barratt is the cofounder of ArieScope Pictures. He founded the company in 1998 with Adam Green and Cory Neal. He and Green would make their first movie, Coffee & Donuts, the same year using borrowed camera equipment from their day job. In addition to every one of Green's features, Barratt has also completed twenty five shorts with ArieScope.
<John_C._Sawhill>	John Crittenden Sawhill (June 12, 1936 – May 18, 2000) was president and CEO of The Nature Conservancy and the 12th President of New York University (NYU).Born in Cleveland, Ohio in 1936, Sawhill graduated from Princeton University's Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs in 1958. He earned a PhD in economics in 1963 from New York University, where he served as professor of economics. He was named president of New York University in 1975, serving until 1979. At a trying time in NYU's history, he received widespread acclaim for bringing about an academic and financial turnaround at the country's largest private university.His research focused on the nonprofit sector, and he joined the Harvard Business School faculty in 1997 as part of the School's Initiative on Social Enterprise. His seminar Effective Leadership of Social Enterprises prepared students for leadership roles in nonprofit management.
<Jet_Propulsion_Laboratory>	The Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) is a federally funded research and development center and NASA field center in the City of La Cañada Flintridge, California, United States.Founded in the 1930s by Caltech researchers, JPL is owned by NASA and managed by the nearby California Institute of Technology (Caltech). The laboratory's primary function is the construction and operation of planetary robotic spacecraft, though it also conducts Earth-orbit and astronomy missions. It is also responsible for operating the NASA Deep Space Network.Among the laboratory's major active projects are the Mars 2020 mission, which includes the Perseverance rover and the Ingenuity Mars helicopter; the Mars Science Laboratory mission, including the Curiosity rover; the InSight lander (Interior Exploration using Seismic Investigations, Geodesy and Heat Transport); the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter; the Juno spacecraft orbiting Jupiter; the SMAP satellite for earth surface soil moisture monitoring; the NuSTAR X-ray telescope; and the forthcoming Psyche asteroid orbiter. It is also responsible for managing the JPL Small-Body Database, and provides physical data and lists of publications for all known small Solar System bodies.
<Derek_Asamoah>	Derek Asamoah (born 1 May 1981) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a forward. He has previously played for clubs in England, France, Scotland, Bulgaria and South Korea.Asamoah learned his trade in the Protec Football Academy in North London. Whilst in the academy, he played for semi-professional side Hampton & Richmond Borough, before moving to Slough Town in 2001.
<J._B._Gunn>	John Battiscombe "J. B." Gunn (13 May 1928 – 2 December 2008), known as Ian or Iain, was a British physicist, who spent most of his career in the United States. He discovered the Gunn effect, which led to the invention of the Gunn diode, the first inexpensive source of microwave power that did not require vacuum tubes. He was born John Battiscombe Gunn, but only used that name in legal documents.J. B. Gunn was born in 1928 in Cairo, Egypt, to Battiscombe "Jack" Gunn, a leading Egyptologist, and Lillian Florence (Meena) Meacham Hughes Gunn, who studied psychoanalytic technique with Sigmund Freud. In 1931 the family moved to Glen Riddle, Pennsylvania, while Jack was Curator of the Egyptian Section of the museum at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia. As a young boy he already showed an interest in electronics. As his older half brother Pat (Spike) Hughes, wrote of a visit to Glen Riddle in 1933: "...at 4 years and a few months, Iain was already passionately interested in seeing how things worked, and showed a typical lack of concern for what came out of a loudspeaker, so long as he could make out why it came out at all. Thus at Iain's bedtime every night the Glen Riddle radio set had to be collected up and put together again – mainly for my benefit, for I suddenly felt myself cut off from my New York roots unless I could hear my favourite radio stations." The house at Glen Riddle was later owned by Ken Iverson, an IBM colleague and one of the inventors of APL.
<Augustus_Hill_Garland>	Augustus Hill Garland (June 11, 1832  –  January 26, 1899) was an American lawyer and Democratic politician from Arkansas, who initially opposed Arkansas' secession from the United States, but later served in both houses of the Congress of the Confederate States and the United States Senate, as well as becoming the 11th governor of Arkansas (1874-1877) and the 38th attorney general of the United States (1885-1889).Garland was born in Covington, Tennessee on June 11, 1832, to Rufus and Barbara (Hill) Garland. His parents moved to Lost Prairie in Arkansas the following year. In 1830 his father owned 13 slaves, and owned a store before dying when Augustus was a child. In 1836 his mother married Thomas Hubbard. Hubbard moved the family to Washington, Arkansas, near the Hempstead County seat of Hope, and owned 5 slaves in the 1850 census.
<Jan_Lamb>	Jan Lamb Hoi-fong (Chinese: 林海峰; born 28 January 1967) is a Hong Kong DJ, singer and actor. Lamb is the elder brother of Jerry Lamb and younger brother of singer and radio personality Sandy Lamb. He formed a comedic musical duo during the late 1980s with fellow actor and comedian Eric Kot called Softhard). His wife Cass Phang is a singer.He is one of the DJ's for Commercial Radio 2 (CR2), hosting several successful programmes since the 1990s. His most current one On a Clear Day is a 2-hour morning show which airs from 8 to 10am from Monday to Friday on CR2. This two-hour programme is hosted by Jan Lamb, Ken Yuen and Michelle Lo.
<United_States_Military_Academy>	The United States Military Academy (USMA), also known metonymically as West Point or simply as Army, is a United States service academy in West Point, New York. It was originally established as a fort, since it sits on strategic high ground overlooking the Hudson River with a scenic view, 50 miles (80 km) north of New York City. It is the oldest of the five American service academies and educates cadets for commissioning into the United States Army.The academy was founded in 1802, one year after President Thomas Jefferson directed that plans be set in motion to establish it. It was constructed on site of Fort Clinton on West Point overlooking the Hudson, which Colonial General Benedict Arnold conspired to turn over to the British during the Revolutionary War. The entire central campus is a national landmark and home to scores of historic sites, buildings, and monuments. The majority of the campus's Norman-style buildings are constructed from gray and black granite. The campus is a popular tourist destination, with a visitor center and the oldest museum in the United States Army.
<BMW_6_Series_(F06/F12/F13)>	The third generation of the BMW 6 Series consists of the BMW F12 (two-door convertible version), BMW F13 (two-door coupe version) and BMW F06 (four-door "Gran Coupe" version) grand tourers. The F12/F13/F06 generation was produced from 2011 to 2018 and is often collectively referred to as the F12.The F12 shares a platform and many features with the F10 5 Series, with the F12/13 having a shorter wheelbase than the F10, while the F06's wheelbase matches the F10's.
<Rex_Ingram_(director)>	Rex Ingram (born Reginald Ingram Montgomery Hitchcock, 15 January 1892 – 21 July 1950) was an Irish film director, producer, writer, and actor. Director Erich von Stroheim once called him "the world's greatest director".Born in 58 Grosvenor Square, Rathmines, Dublin, Ireland, (where a plaque commemorates his birth), Ingram was educated at Saint Columba's College, near Rathfarnham, County Dublin. He spent much of his adolescence living in the Old Rectory, Kinnitty, Birr, County Offaly, where his father, Reverend Francis Hitchcock, was the Church of Ireland rector. Ingram emigrated to the United States in 1911.
<Micheline_Cheirel>	Micheline Cheirel (born Micheline Truyen; 12 April 1917 – 25 October 2002) was a 20th-century French actress, active from 1934 to 1947. She was the niece of the actress Jeanne Cheirel.She married British actor John Loder as his second wife. They were married from 1936 until their divorce in 1941. They had one daughter together.Cheirel appeared in some films made in the United States. In 1951 she married French actor Paul Meurisse. Their union ended in divorce.[citation needed]
<National_Republican_Party>	The National Republican Party, also known as the Anti-Jacksonian Party or simply Republicans, was a political party in the United States that evolved from a conservative-leaning faction of the Democratic-Republican Party that supported John Quincy Adams in the 1824 presidential election.Known initially as "Adams-Clay Republicans" in the wake of the 1824 campaign, Adams's political allies in Congress and at the state-level were referred to as "Adams's Men" during his presidency (1825–1829). When Andrew Jackson became president, following his victory over Adams in the 1828 election, this group became the opposition, and organized themselves as "Anti-Jackson". The use of the term "National Republican" dates from 1830.Henry Clay served as the party's nominee in the 1832 election, but he was defeated by Jackson. The party supported Clay's American System of nationally financed internal improvements and a protective tariff. After the 1832 election, opponents of Jackson coalesced into the Whig Party. National Republicans, Anti-Masons and others joined the new party.
<Robert_Tienwen_Chien>	Robert Tienwen Chien (November 20, 1931  – December 8, 1983) was an American computer scientist concerned largely with research in information theory, fault-tolerance, and artificial intelligence (AI), director of the Coordinated Science Laboratory (CSL) at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign, and known for his invention of the Chien search and seminal contributions to the PMC model in system level fault diagnosis.Robert Tienwen Chien was born in Wuxi, Jiangsu, China as the youngest of eight children, and emigrated to the United States in 1952 to continue his technical studies, enrolling at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign.   He received his B.S. in electrical engineering in 1954, and continued graduate studies at Illinois, receiving his A.M in Mathematics in 1957, and his Ph.D. in electrical engineering in 1958.
<Kenwa_Mabuni>	Kenwa Mabuni (摩文仁 賢和, Mabuni Kenwa, 14 November 1889 - 23 May 1952) was one of the first karateka to teach karate in mainland Japan and is credited as developing the style known as Shitō-ryū. Originally, he chose the name Hanko-ryu, literally "half-hard style", to imply that the style used both hard and soft techniques. Finally, Mabuni chose Shito-ryu, the first characters of the names Itosu and Higaonna, his two primary teachers.Born in Shuri on Okinawa in 1889, Mabuni was a 17th generation descendant of the famous warrior Uni Ufugusuku Kenyu. Perhaps because of his weak constitution, he began his instruction in his home town in the art of Shuri-Te (首里手) at the age of 13, under the tutelage of the legendary Ankō Yasutsune Itosu (糸州安恒) (1831-1915). He trained diligently for several years, learning many kata from this great master. It was Itosu who first developed the Pinan kata, which were most probably derived from the 'Kusanku' form.One of his close friends, Chōjun Miyagi (宮城長順) (founder of Gōjū-ryū) introduced Mabuni to another great of that period, Higaonna Kanryō (東恩納寛量), and began to learn Naha-Te (那覇手) under him as well. While both Itosu and Higashionna taught a 'hard-soft' style of Okinawan 'Te', their methods and emphases were quite distinct:  the Itosu syllabus included straight and powerful techniques as exemplified in the Naifanchi and Bassai kata; the Higashionna syllabus, on the other hand, stressed circular motion and shorter fighting methods as seen in the popular Seipai and Kururunfa forms. Shitō-ryū focuses on both hard and soft techniques to this day.
<Skin_(1995_film)>	Skin is an 11-minute short film directed by Vincent O'Connell and starring Ewen Bremner and Marcia Rose. Produced by Tapson/Steel Films for British Screen and Channel 4 Films (now Film4 Productions), it was filmed in September 1995. The screenplay was written in the summer of that year by British playwright Sarah Kane.It was first screened at the London Film Festival in October 1995, and was later given its television debut on Channel 4 at 11.35pm on 17 June 1997. An original airtime of 9.40pm was pushed back after television executives became worried about the depiction of violence and racism in the film, Vincent O'Connell was nominated for a Golden Bear award in the category "Best Short Film" for the film at the 1996 Berlin International Film Festival.
<Kettering_Town_F.C.>	Kettering Town Football Club is a football club based in Burton Latimer, Northamptonshire, England. They are currently members of the National League North, the sixth tier of English football, and play at Latimer Park in Burton Latimer. Kettering were the first club to wear sponsorship upon their shirts in 1976.The club was established in 1872 under the name Kettering Football Club. They joined the Midland League in 1892 and were champions of the league in 1895–96, a season which also saw them beat two Football League clubs in the FA Cup; a 2–1 win over Loughborough in the third qualifying round was followed by a 2–1 win at Leicester Fosse in the fourth qualifying round before they lost 2–1 at Newton Heath in the first round. The club then also entered a team into the new United League, which they left in 1899. After winning the Midland League again in 1899–1900, the club applied for election to the Football League. However, they received only two votes and failed to gain entry to the League. Instead, the club joined Division One of the Southern League. In the 1900–01 FA Cup they reached the second round, beating Football League opponents Burton Swifts and Chesterfield before losing 5–0 at Middlesbrough.
<Carlos_Brandão>	Carlos Orleans Brandão Júnior (born June 2, 1958 in Colinas) is a Brazilian politician affiliated to the Brazilian Socialist Party. He is currently the governor of Maranhão, after the resignation of Flávio Dino in April 2, 2022.  He was the Vice Governor of Maranhão between 2015 and 2022, and was reelected in 2018 in Flávio Dino's gubernatorial ticket. Previously, he was a Federal Deputy for Maranhão for two consecutive terms. He holds a degree in Veterinary Medicine at the State University of Maranhão. 
<Season_Hubley>	Season Hubley (born Susan Hubley; March 14, 1951) is an American retired actress and singer. Best known for Nikki in Hardcore (1979), Priscilla Presley in Elvis (1979), and Angelique in All My Children (1992–1994).Hubley was born Susan Hubley in New York City, the daughter of Julia Kaul (née Paine) and Grant Shelby Hubley, a writer and entrepreneur.[citation needed] Her brother is actor Whip Hubley. She also has two sisters, Sara Hubley Beeken and Julie Simpson-Levy.
<Charles_C._Bradley>	Charles C. Bradley  (1911 – May 18, 2002) was a professor in geology at the Montana State College. He received his bachelor's degree, masters, and doctorate degrees from University of Wisconsin–Madison.Bradley was the great-grandson of the American missionary to Siam Dan Beach Bradley, the grandson of English professor and Thai linguist Cornelius Beach Bradley, and the son of biochemistry professor Harold Cornelius Bradley. 
<Bold_as_Love_(novel)>	Bold As Love, first published in 2001, is a science fiction novel by British writer Gwyneth Jones. It is the first of a series of five books written by Gwyneth Jones and set in a near-future version of the United Kingdom. The full title of the novel is Bold as Love: a Near Future Fantasy. It combines elements of Science fiction, Fantasy and Horror fiction, while dealing with issues of gender, politics, and environmental concerns. The subject matter refers heavily to popular music.The book was nominated for and won the Arthur C Clarke Award in 2002. It was also shortlisted for the 2001 BSFA Award and the 2002 British Fantasy Award August Derleth Award. However, the work is criticized for its hyperbolic character portrayal and absence of logical resolutions to story arches in favor of publishing sequels.Ax Preston, a mixed-race guitarist from Taunton, having survived a government-organised massacre of the official Green Party (under cover of a pop-culture reception à la "Cool Britannia" in Hyde Park), emerges from the ensuing chaos as the true leader England desperately needs. He and his friends, also Indie musicians, tackle an outrageous series of disasters, including a minor war with Islamic Separatists in Yorkshire, and a hippie President who turns out to be a murdering paedophile. In the background the whole of Europe is falling apart, in the foreground there are rock festivals, street-fighting; a rampage of "Green" destruction (led and moderated by Preston) leaving a trail of burned-out hypermarkets, wrecked fast food outlets, and vast expanses of napalmed intensive farming. Ax Preston’s succeeds in supporting his country through the crisis, utilizing his guile, self-sacrifice, goodwill, and the power of the music. In England, the revolution never descends into a terror.
<E._C._Stearns_&_Company>	E. C. Stearns & Company was a manufacturer of tools and hardware in Syracuse, New York and was organized in 1864 as George N. Stearns Company by George N. Stearns, a wagon maker. During the early years, the company was principally involved in the production of hollow iron tools and specialties, hollow augers, and saw vises.
<William_J._Hochul,_Jr.>	William J. Hochul Jr. (born April 1, 1959) is an American lawyer who served as United States attorney for the Western District of New York from 2010 to 2016. Hochul has been the first gentleman of New York since August 2021, when his wife, Kathy Hochul, ascended to the governorship following the resignation of Andrew Cuomo. He was previously the second gentleman while his wife was lieutenant governor from 2015 to 2021.Hochul is currently senior vice president, general counsel, and secretary to Delaware North, a Buffalo-based casino and hospitality company.
<Rolly_Bester>	Alfred Bester (December 18, 1913 – September 30, 1987) was an American science fiction author, TV and radio scriptwriter, magazine editor and scripter for comic strips and comic books. He is best remembered for his science fiction, including The Demolished Man, winner of the inaugural Hugo Award in 1953.Science fiction author Harry Harrison wrote, "Alfred Bester was one of the handful of writers who invented modern science fiction."Shortly before his death, the Science Fiction Writers of America (SFWA) named Bester its ninth Grand Master, presented posthumously in 1988.The Science Fiction and Fantasy Hall of Fame inducted him in 2001.
<Christine_Lagarde>	Christine Madeleine Odette Lagarde (French: [kʁistin madlɛn ɔdɛt laɡaʁd]; née Lallouette, IPA: [lalwɛt]; born 1 January 1956) is a French politician and lawyer who has been serving as President of the European Central Bank since 2019. She previously served as the 11th managing director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) from 2011 to 2019. Lagarde had also served in the Government of France, most prominently as minister of the economy, finance and industry from 2007 to 2011. She was the first woman to hold each of those posts.Born and raised in Paris, Lagarde graduated from law school at Paris Nanterre University and obtained a Master's degree from Sciences Po Aix. After being admitted to the Paris Bar, she joined the multinational law firm Baker & McKenzie as an associate in 1981, specializing in labor, anti-trust, as well as mergers and acquisitions. Rising through the ranks, she was a member of the executive committee of the firm from 1995 until 1999, before being elevated to its Chair between 1999 and 2004; she was the first woman in both positions. She held the top post until she decided to go into public service.
<Yakov_Eliashberg>	Yakov Matveevich Eliashberg (also Yasha Eliashberg; Russian: Яков Матвеевич Элиашберг; born 11 December 1946) is an American mathematician who was born in Leningrad, USSR.Eliashberg received his PhD, entitled Surgery of Singularities of Smooth Mappings, from Leningrad University in 1972, under the direction of Vladimir Rokhlin.Due to the growing anti-Semitism in the Soviet Union, from 1972 to 1979 he had to work at the Syktyvkar State University in the isolated Komi Republic. In 1980 Eliashberg returned to Leningrad and applied for a visa, but his request was denied and he became a refusenik until 1987. He was cut off from mathematical life and was prevented to work in academia, but due to a friend's intercession, he managed to secure a job in industry as the head of a computer software group.
<Thomas_Nagel>	Thomas Nagel (/ˈneɪɡəl/; born July 4, 1937) is an American philosopher. He is the University Professor of Philosophy and Law Emeritus at New York University, where he taught from 1980 to 2016. His main areas of philosophical interest are legal philosophy, political philosophy, and ethics.Nagel is known for his critique of material reductionist accounts of the mind, particularly in his essay "What Is It Like to Be a Bat?" (1974), and for his contributions to liberal moral and political theory in The Possibility of Altruism (1970) and subsequent writings. He continued the critique of reductionism in Mind and Cosmos (2012), in which he argues against the neo-Darwinian view of the emergence of consciousness.Nagel was born on July 4, 1937, in Belgrade, Yugoslavia (now Serbia), to German Jewish refugees Carolyn (Baer) and Walter Nagel. He arrived in the US in 1939, and was raised in and around New York. He had no religious upbringing, but regards himself as a Jew.
<George_Crabbe>	George Crabbe (/kræb/ KRAB; 24 December 1754 – 3 February 1832) was an English poet, surgeon and clergyman. He is best known for his early use of the realistic narrative form and his descriptions of middle and working-class life and people.In the 1770s, Crabbe began his career as a doctor's apprentice, later becoming a surgeon. In 1780, he travelled to London to make a living as a poet. After encountering serious financial difficulty and being unable to have his work published, he wrote to the statesman and author Edmund Burke for assistance. Burke was impressed enough by Crabbe's poems to promise to help him in any way he could. The two became close friends and Burke helped Crabbe greatly both in his literary career and in building a role within the church.
<Scotland_national_under-21_football_team>	The Scotland national under-21 football team, controlled by the Scottish Football Association, is Scotland's national under 21 football team and is considered to be a feeder team for the Scotland national football team.As a European under-21 team, Scotland compete in the UEFA European Under-21 Championship, which is usually held every other year. The team has qualified for the final stages of these Championships on six occasions, although not since 1996. There is no global tournament for under-21 national teams. Performance in the European Championship determines qualification for football at the Summer Olympics, which Scotland is unable to compete in.
<Sing_Street>	Sing Street is a 2016 musical coming-of-age comedy-drama film written and directed by John Carney from a story by Carney and Simon Carmody. Starring Ferdia Walsh-Peelo, Lucy Boynton, Maria Doyle Kennedy, Aidan Gillen, Jack Reynor and Kelly Thornton, the story revolves around a boy starting a band to impress a girl in 1980s Ireland. It is an international co-production between producers from Ireland, the United Kingdom and the United States.The film had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival on 24 January 2016. It was released in Ireland on 17 March 2016, in the United States on 15 April and in the United Kingdom on 20 May. The film received positive reviews from critics, grossed $13 million worldwide on a $4 million budget, and was nominated for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy at the 74th Golden Globe Awards.
<Mihajlo_Pupin>	Mihajlo Idvorski Pupin (Serbian Cyrillic: Михајло Идворски Пупин, pronounced [miˈxǎjlo ˈîdʋoɾski ˈpǔpin]; 4 October 1858 – 12 March 1935), also known as Michael Pupin, was a Serbian physicist, physical chemist and philanthropist based in the United States.Pupin is best known for his numerous patents, including a means of greatly extending the range of long-distance telephone communication by placing loading coils (of wire) at predetermined intervals along the transmitting wire (known as "pupinization"). Pupin was a founding member of National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics (NACA) on 3 March 1915, which later became NASA, and he participated in the founding of American Mathematical Society and American Physical Society.
<Sanjeev_Seth>	Sanjeev Seth is an Indian TV actor. Currently, he is known for his role of Vishambharnath Maheshwari in Star Plus's Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai and its spin-off Yeh Rishtey Hain Pyaar Ke.32 year old Seth married 12-year-younger Marathi actress Resham Tipnis who was just 20 in the year 1993 and has 2 kids with her ; Rishika Seth (born: 6 November 1996) and Manav Seth (born: 24 September 2000), who now live with Resham after their divorce in the year 2004. Sanjeev then remarried actress Lata Sabharwal Seth on the insistence of his kids in 2010. They have one son Aarav Seth who was born in May 2013.[citation needed]
<Tony_Steedman>	Anthony Francis Steedman (21 August 1927 – 4 February 2001) was an English character actor, perhaps best known for roles in British TV drama series of the 1970s and 1980s, and for his role as Socrates in Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure.In addition to film work, his theatre appearances were extensive, including Ray Cooney's comedy Her Royal Highness in the West End of London, and he appeared in numerous television productions, including episodes of The Feathered Serpent, Thriller, The Professionals, Randall and Hopkirk (Deceased), Coronation Street, The Rivals of Sherlock Holmes, The Avengers, Babylon 5, The Sweeney, Minder and Barry Morse presents Strange But True. He had a recurring role in the British soap opera Crossroads as Dr. Butterworth. He was also a regular in the final two series of BBC sitcom Citizen Smith (1979–80). He holds the distinction of portraying Nazi Gen. Alfred Jodl twice, first in The Death of Adolf Hitler (1973) and later in The Bunker (1981). Following his role in Bill and Ted, he voiced the character of Justin Hammer in the first season of Iron Man.Steedman met his first wife, Ann Taylor, in 1957 during a production of Oklahoma! and they were married in November of that year in Brackley.  They had one daughter, and divorced in 1963.
<Sonya_Walger>	Sonya Walger (born 6 June 1974) is a British actress who also holds American citizenship. She had starring roles in the short-lived sitcoms The Mind of the Married Man (2001–2002) and Coupling (2003) before landing her role as Penny Widmore in the ABC drama series Lost (2006–2010).  Walger later starred on Tell Me You Love Me (2007), FlashForward (2009–2010), Common Law (2012), The Catch (2016–2017) and For All Mankind (2019–2022).Walger was born in Hampstead, London. She was educated at the independent Wycombe Abbey School and at Christ Church, Oxford, where she studied English Literature, receiving a first class degree. Walger is conversational in French and fluent in Spanish, as her father was Argentinian.
<Janet_Gaynor>	Janet Gaynor (born Laura Augusta Gainor; October 6, 1906 – September 14, 1984) was an American film, stage, and television actress.Gaynor began her career as an extra in shorts and silent films. After signing with Fox Film Corporation (later 20th Century-Fox) in 1926, she rose to fame and became one of the biggest box offices draws of the era. In 1929, she became the first recipient of the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performances in three films: 7th Heaven (1927), Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans (1927), and Street Angel (1928). This was the only occasion an actress won one Oscar for multiple film roles. Gaynor's career success continued into the sound film era, and she achieved notable success in the original version of A Star Is Born (1937), for which she received a second Best Actress Academy Award nomination.
<Ernesto_Maceda>	Ernesto "Ernie" Madarang Maceda Sr. (March 26, 1935 – June 20, 2016) was a Filipino politician, lawyer, and columnist who served as a Senator of the Philippines from 1971 to 1972 and again from 1987 to 1998. He served as Senate President from 1996 to 1998.Maceda was born on March 26, 1935, in Pagsanjan, Laguna. Maceda earned his Associate in Arts degree, magna cum laude, in 1952, and Bachelor of Laws degree, cum laude, from the Ateneo de Manila University in 1956. He then finished Master of Laws, taxation and international law, at Harvard Law School, Massachusetts, US, in 1957.At the age of 23, he was hailed as the No. 1 councilor of Manila in 1959. Because of his numerous achievements in the city council, Councilor Maceda was named “Outstanding Councilor of Manila".
<Bunga_Citra_Lestari>	Bunga Citra Lestari (born 22 March 1983), often referred to by her initial BCL, is an Indonesian singer, actress, talent show judge, and television personality.Bunga Citra Lestari grew up as a multi-talented girl until she started her career as a model for HAI Magazine (Cewek Hai). Following her modelling career, BCL was scouted at a mall and she quickly got her first part in a TV series, “7 Tanda Cinta” (Seven Signs of Love). Before this, BCL was appeared on video clip Jikustik song titled "Seribu Tahun Lamanya" in 1999. Then, she started her career on television as a drama actress. The TV series that she has played were Bukan Perempuan Biasa (which she got a extras role as Child Sri), ABG, Senandung Masa Puber, Kala Cinta Menggoda, Penjaga Hati, and others. She later moved on as a singer and as a film actress.
<Karl_Gordon_Henize>	Karl Gordon Henize (/ˈhɛnaɪz/; October 17, 1926 – October 5, 1993) was an American astronomer, space scientist, NASA astronaut, and professor at Northwestern University. He was stationed at several observatories around the world, including McCormick Observatory, Lamont–Hussey Observatory (South Africa), Mount Wilson Observatory, Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory and Mount Stromlo Observatory (Australia). He was a member of the astronaut support crew for Apollo 15 and Skylab 2, 3, and 4. As a mission specialist on the Spacelab-2 mission (STS-51-F), he flew on Space Shuttle Challenger in July/August 1985. He was awarded the NASA Exceptional Scientific Achievement Medal in 1974.He died in 1993, during a Mount Everest expedition while testing equipment for NASA.
<Harriet_Nelson>	Harriet Nelson (formerly Hilliard; born Peggy Lou Snyder; July 18, 1909 – October 2, 1994) was an American actress and singer. Nelson is best known for her role on the sitcom The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet.Nelson was born Peggy Lou Snyder in Des Moines, Iowa, the daughter of Hazel Dell née McNutt (1888–1971) and Roy Hilliard Snyder (1879–1953). She appeared on the vaudeville stage when she was three years old and made her debut on Broadway in her teens.She frequented the Cotton Club, began smoking at age thirteen, was briefly married to an abusive comedian and lived what has been described as "a high-flying life". She wed the comedian, Roy Sedley (1901-1989), in 1930. They separated a year later, and the marriage was annulled in 1933. She left high school before graduating and joined the Corps de Ballet at the Capitol Theater, later dancing in the Harry Carroll Revue and working as a straight woman for comedians Ken Murray and Bert Lahr.  By 1932, she was still performing in vaudeville when she met the saxophone-playing bandleader Ozzie Nelson. Nelson hired her to sing with the band, under the name Harriet Hilliard. They married three years later.
<Brazil_national_football_team>	The Brazil national football team (Portuguese: Seleção Brasileira de Futebol), nicknamed Seleção Canarinho (‘Canary Squad’, after their bright yellow jersey), represents Brazil in men's international football and is administered by the Brazilian Football Confederation (CBF), the governing body for football in Brazil. They have been a member of FIFA since 1923 and a member of CONMEBOL since 1916.Brazil is the most successful national team in the FIFA World Cup, being crowned winner five times: 1958, 1962, 1970, 1994 and 2002. The Seleção also has the best overall performance in the World Cup competition, both in proportional and absolute terms, with a record of 73 victories in 109 matches played, 124 goal difference, 237 points, and 18 losses. It is the only national team to have played in all World Cup editions without any absence nor need for playoffs, and the only team to have won the World Cup in four different continents: once in Europe (1958 Sweden), once in South America (1962 Chile), twice in North America (1970 Mexico and 1994 United States), and once in Asia (2002 South Korea/Japan). Brazil is also the most successful team in the now-defunct FIFA Confederations Cup, winning it four times, in 1997, 2005, 2009, and 2013. 
<Jeff_Bezos>	Jeffrey Preston Bezos (/ˈbeɪzoʊs/ BAY-zohss; né Jorgensen; born January 12, 1964) is an American entrepreneur, media proprietor, investor, and commercial astronaut. He is the founder, executive chairman, and former president and CEO of Amazon. With a net worth of US$114.5 billion as of November 2022, Bezos is the fourth-wealthiest person in the world and was the wealthiest from 2017 to 2021 according to both Bloomberg's Billionaires Index and Forbes.Born in Albuquerque and raised in Houston and Miami, Bezos graduated from Princeton University in 1986. He holds a degree in electrical engineering and computer science. He worked on Wall Street in a variety of related fields from 1986 to early 1994. Bezos founded Amazon in late 1994 on a road trip from New York City to Seattle. The company began as an online bookstore and has since expanded to a variety of other e-commerce products and services, including video and audio streaming, cloud computing, and artificial intelligence. It is the world's largest online sales company, the largest Internet company by revenue, and the largest provider of virtual assistants and cloud infrastructure services through its Amazon Web Services branch.
<Sidney_Edgerton>	Sidney Edgerton (August 17, 1818 – July 19, 1900) was an American politician, lawyer, judge and teacher from Ohio. He served during the American Civil War, as a Squirrel Hunter. During this time, Edgerton served as a U.S. Congressman. In 1863, Abraham Lincoln appointed him the first Chief justice of the Idaho Territorial Court. Edgerton lobbied for the creation of separate territories, out of the Idaho Territory, and in 1864, Abraham Lincoln appointed Edgerton as the first Territorial Governor of Montana. During his term as Territorial Governor, he was an alleged member of the infamous Montana Vigilantes, and was reputedly among its founders.He was a sickly child that was not expected to survive; burial clothing was ordered for him. He survived and, eventually, moved to Ohio. He became a lawyer, and was involved in both the Free Soil Party and the Republican Party. After John Brown's raid on Harpers Ferry, Edgerton was invited, by Brown's family, to settle Brown's affairs. He never was able to meet with Brown. He had a successful career as a politician, and after his term ended in the Territory of Montana, Edgerton returned to Ohio. He served as a lawyer in his home state until his death in 1900.Edgerton was born in Cazenovia, New York, on August 17, 1818. His parents were Amos and Zerviah (Graham) Edgerton, both of Connecticut. Zerviah was a cousin of millionaire philanthropist Anson Greene Phelps. As a child, Edgerton was so sickly and frail that burial clothes were prepared for him. Whereas the young Edgerton avoided death, the same could not be said for his father, a teacher by trade who had been blind for years. Amos Edgerton died when Sidney was still an infant. Left with six children to raise, Zerviah Edgerton struggled to maintain her family. By age eight, young Sidney was out of the home and working himself through school. He eventually attended the Genesee Wesleyan Seminary in Lima, New York, where his cousin taught, and where he would later become an instructor as well.
<Prostitution_(1963_film)>	Prostitution (French: La prostitution) is a 1963 French drama film directed by Maurice Boutel and starring Etchika Choureau, Evelyne Dassas and Alain Lionel.This article related to a French film of the 1960s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Robert_Peel>	Sir Robert Peel, 2nd Baronet, FRS (5 February 1788 – 2 July 1850) was a British Conservative statesman who served twice as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom (1834–1835 and 1841–1846) simultaneously serving as Chancellor of the Exchequer (1834–1835) and twice as Home Secretary (1822–1827 and 1828–1830). He is regarded as the father of modern British policing, owing to his founding of the Metropolitan Police Service. Peel was one of the founders of the modern Conservative Party.
<Jon_Moya>	Jon Moya Martín (born 5 January 1983 in Barakaldo, Biscay) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Club Portugalete as a central defender.
<Annie_Baker>	Annie Baker (born April 1981) is an American playwright and teacher who won the 2014 Pulitzer Prize for her play The Flick. Among her works are the Shirley, Vermont plays, which take place in the fictional town of Shirley: Circle Mirror Transformation, Nocturama, Body Awareness, and The Aliens. She was named a MacArthur Fellow in 2017.Baker's family lived in Cambridge, Massachusetts, when Baker was born, but soon moved to Amherst, Massachusetts, where she grew up and where her father, Conn Nugent, was an administrator for the Five Colleges consortium and her mother Linda Baker was a psychology doctoral student. Her brother is author Benjamin Baker Nugent. Baker graduated from the Department of Dramatic Writing at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts. She earned her Master of Fine Arts degree in playwriting from Brooklyn College in 2009. One of her early jobs was as a guest-wrangler helping to oversee contestants on the reality-television program The Bachelor.She is married to Nico Baumbach, with whom she has one child. Her brother-in-law is Noah Baumbach.
<Masatoshi_Shima>	Masatoshi Shima (嶋 正利, Shima Masatoshi, born August 22, 1943, Shizuoka) is a Japanese electronics engineer. He was one of the architects of the world's first microprocessor, the Intel 4004. In 1968, Shima worked for Busicom in Japan, and did the logic design for a specialized CPU to be translated into three-chip custom chips. In 1969, he worked with Intel's Ted Hoff and Stanley Mazor to reduce the three-chip Busicom proposal into a one-chip architecture. In 1970, that architecture was transformed into a silicon chip, the Intel 4004, by Federico Faggin, with Shima's assistance in logic design.He later joined Intel in 1972. There, he worked with Faggin to develop the Intel 8080, released in 1974. Shima then developed several Intel peripheral chips, some used in the IBM PC, such as the 8259 interrupt controller, 8255 programmable peripheral interface chip, 8253 timer chip, 8257 direct memory access (DMA) chip and 8251 serial communication USART chip. He then joined Zilog, where he worked with Faggin to develop the Zilog Z80 (1976) and Z8000 (1979).He studied organic chemistry at Tohoku University in Sendai, Miyagi Prefecture, Japan. With poor prospects for employment in the field of chemistry, he went to work for Busicom, a business calculator manufacturer, joining in Spring 1967. There, he learned about software and digital logic design, from 1967 to 1968.
<Ruth_Nelson_(actress)>	Ruth Gloria Nelson (August 2, 1905 – September 12, 1992) was an American stage and film actress. She is known for her roles in films such as Wilson, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn, Humoresque, 3 Women, The Late Show and Awakenings. She was the wife of John Cromwell, with whom she acted on multiple occasions.Born in Saginaw, Michigan, Nelson was the daughter of Sanford Leroy Nelson and vaudeville actress Eva Mudge. She attended Immaculate Heart  Convent School in Los Angeles, studying first with Daniel Frohman and then with Richard Boleslawski at the American Laboratory Theatre in New York City during the early 1920s.Nelson made her stage debut in New York on April 4, 1928 at the Laboratory Theatre under Boleslawski's direction, portraying the title character in Jean-Jacques Bernard's Martine. Over the next two seasons, Nelson made two more appearances—in Checkhov's The Seagull and Vladimir Kirshon's Red Rust—prior to becoming, in 1931, a charter member of the newly formed theatre collective, The Group Theatre, with whom she remained throughout its run from 1931 to 1941, receiving particular praise for her performance as the chief striker's wife in Clifford Odets' play, Waiting for Lefty.
<Zbigniew_Cybulski>	Zbigniew Hubert Cybulski (Polish pronunciation: [ˈzbiɡɲɛf tsɨˈbulskʲi]; 3 November 1927 – 8 January 1967) was a Polish actor, one of the best-known and most popular personalities of the post-World War II history of Poland.Zbigniew Cybulski was born 3 November 1927 in a small village of Kniaże near Śniatyń, Poland (now a part of Kolomyia Raion, Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast, Ukraine). After World War II he joined the Theatre Academy in Kraków. He graduated in 1953 and moved to Gdańsk, where he made his stage debut in Leon Schiller's Wybrzeże Theatre. Also, with his friend Bogumił Kobiela, Cybulski founded a famous student theatre, the Bim-Bom. In the early 1960s, Cybulski moved to Warsaw, where he shortly joined the Kabaret Wagabunda. He also appeared on stage at the Ateneum Theatre, one of the most modern and least conservative Warsaw-based theatres of the epoch.However, Cybulski is best remembered as a screen actor. He first appeared in a 1954 film Kariera as an extra. His first major role came in 1958, when he played in Kazimierz Kutz's Krzyż Walecznych. The same year he also appeared as one of the main characters in Andrzej Wajda's Ashes and Diamonds and Aleksander Ford's The Eighth Day of the Week based on a short story by Marek Hłasko. From then on Cybulski was seen as one of the most notable actors of the Polish Film School and one of the "young and wrathful", as his generation of actors were called at the time.
<Rajiv_Malhotra>	Rajiv Malhotra (born 15 September 1950) is an Indian-born American Hindutva ideologue, author and founder of Infinity Foundation, which focuses on Indic studies, and also funds projects such as Columbia University's project to translate the Tibetan Buddhist Tengyur.Apart from the foundation, Malhotra promotes a Hindutva view on Indic cultures. Malhotra has written prolifically in opposition to the western academic study of Indian culture and society, which he maintains denigrates the tradition and undermines the interests of India "by encouraging the paradigms that oppose its unity and integrity".
<Guy_Lewis>	Guy Vernon Lewis II (March 19, 1922 – November 26, 2015) was an American basketball player and coach.  He served as the head men's basketball coach at the University of Houston from 1956 to 1986.  Lewis led his Houston Cougars to five appearances in the Final Four of the NCAA tournament, in 1967, 1968, 1982, 1983, and 1984. His 1980s teams, nicknamed Phi Slama Jama for their slam dunks, were runners-up  for the national championship in back-to-back seasons in 1983 and 1984. He was inducted into National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame in 2007 and the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2013.Born in Arp, Texas, Lewis was on the basketball and football teams of Arp High School. After serving in World War II, Lewis enrolled at the University of Houston on the GI Bill. He played center and forward on Houston's first varsity basketball team, graduating in 1947. In 1953, he returned to UH as an assistant coach, succeeding Alden Pasche as head coach in 1956. As a coach, he was known for championing the once-outlawed dunk, which he characterized as a "high percentage shot," and for clutching a brightly colored red-and-white polka dot towel on the bench during games.  Lewis was a major force in the racial integration of college athletics in the South during the 1960s, being one of the first major college coaches in the region to actively recruit African American athletes.  In 1964, his recruitment of the program's first African-American players, Elvin Hayes and Don Chaney, ushered in an era of tremendous success in Cougar basketball.  The dominant play of Hayes led the Cougars to two Final Fours during the 1960s and sent shock waves through Southern colleges that realized that they would have to begin recruiting black players if they wanted to compete with integrated teams.Lewis led the Houston Cougars program to 27 straight winning seasons, 14 seasons with 20 or more wins, and 14 trips to the NCAA tournament. His Houston teams advanced to the Final Four on five occasions (1967, 1968, 1982, 1983, 1984) and twice advanced to the national championship game (1983, 1984). Standout players Lewis coached during his tenure at Houston included Hayes, Chaney, Akeem Olajuwon, Clyde Drexler, Otis Birdsong, Dwight Jones, Louis Dunbar, and Ken Spain.
<Norwegian_State_Railways>	Vygruppen, branded as Vy, is a government-owned railway company which operates most passenger train services and many bus services in Norway. The company is owned by the Norwegian Ministry of Transport. Its sub-brands include Vy Buss coach services, CargoNet freight trains and the Swedish train transport company Tågkompaniet.  In 2009, NSB carried 52 million train passengers and 104 million bus passengers.  On 24 April 2019, passenger train and bus services were rebranded as Vy.The company was established as the Norwegian State Railways (1883–1996). In 1996 the company was split into the new NSB, the infrastructure company, the Norwegian National Rail Administration and the Norwegian Railway Inspectorate. In 2002, the freight operations were split to the subsidiary CargoNet, and the maintenance department became Mantena. It was controversially renamed Vygruppen in 2019; the then-opposition parties vowed to reverse the name change.On 1 December 1996, the largest structural change in Norwegian railway history in the 20th century occurred. The old Norwegian State Railways was split into three separate governmental agencies. The ownership, maintenance and construction of the track was transformed to the newly created government agency Norwegian National Rail Administration while a new Norwegian Railway Inspectorate was created to supervise all railway operations in the country. NSB was renamed NSB BA and created as a limited company, wholly owned by the Ministry of Transport and Communications. Also, NSB was made a concern, with NSB Biltrafikk (now Vy Buss) and NSB Eiendom (later ROM Eiendom, in 2017 succeeded by Bane NOR Eiendom) made subsidiaries of NSB.
<John_Pont>	John Pont (November 13, 1927 – July 1, 2008) was an American football player and coach. He served as head coach at Miami University, Yale University, Northwestern University and Indiana University. Pont was born on November 13, 1927 in Canton, Ohio to Bautista and Suzannah Pont. He graduated from Timken High School in Canton. As an undergraduate at Miami University, Pont was an outstanding halfback, playing for coaches Woody Hayes and Ara Parseghian, and was a member of the Sigma Chi fraternity. After a serving a tour as a Navy submariner, Pont played professional football in Canada. He and several of his "Cradle of Coaches" compatriots are the subject of the book Fields of Honor, written by Pont's niece, Sally Pont.After playing college football at Miami University, Pont went to Canada and played with Toronto Balmy Beach Beachers of the Ontario Rugby Football Union, where he won the Imperial Oil Trophy as league MVP in 1952.
<Jim_Black>	Jim Black is an American jazz drummer who has performed with Tim Berne and Dave Douglas. He attended Berklee College of Music.His band AlasNoAxis includes Hilmar Jensson on electric guitar, Chris Speed on tenor saxophone and clarinet, and Skúli Sverrisson on bass guitar. The music is in some ways closer to post-rock than jazz, concentrating on rhythmic shifts and ensemble texture rather than featured solos. Since 2000 Winter & Winter has released several of the band's albums.
<Val_Avery>	Sebouh Der Abrahamian (July 14, 1924 – December 12, 2009), known professionally as Val Avery, was an American character actor who appeared in hundreds of movies and television shows. In a career that spanned 50 years, Avery appeared in over 100 films and had appearances in over 300 television episodes.Avery was born in Philadelphia to Armenian parents Megerdich and Arousiag Der Abrahamian. His father was from Sebastia and moved to the United States in 1907. During the Armenian genocide, his grandfather Bedros Der Abrahamian, a priest at the Church of the Holy Mother of God in Sebastia, was murdered. In his early years he acted in plays with the Armenian Youth Federation. After serving in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II, he attended the Bessie V. Hicks School of Drama in Philadelphia.
<Fiona_Stanley>	Fiona Juliet Stanley AC FAA FASSA (born 1 August 1946) is an Australian epidemiologist noted for her public health work, her research into child and maternal health as well as birth disorders such as cerebral palsy. Stanley is the patron of the Telethon Kids Institute and a distinguished professorial fellow in the School of Paediatrics and Child Health at the University of Western Australia. From 1990 to December 2011 she was the founding director of Telethon Kids.Stanley was born in Little Bay, New South Wales. She loved reading about people such as Marie Curie and through her father, who was a researcher on polio, she met Jonas Salk. She has said of her childhood that "In my dreams I would sail out to all the undiscovered islands and inoculate the inhabitants in a whirlwind race to conquer disease and pestilence."
<Sri_Lanka>	Coordinates: 7°N 81°E﻿ / ﻿7°N 81°E﻿ / 7; 81Sri Lanka (UK: /sri ˈlæŋkə, ʃriː -/, US: /- ˈlɑːŋkə/ (listen); Sinhala: ශ්‍රී ලංකා, romanized: Śrī Laṅkā (IPA: [ʃriː laŋkaː]); Tamil: இலங்கை, romanized: Ilaṅkai (IPA: [ilaŋɡaj])), formerly known as Ceylon and officially the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, is an island country in South Asia. It lies in the Indian Ocean, southwest of the Bay of Bengal, and southeast of the Arabian Sea; it is separated from the Indian subcontinent by the Gulf of Mannar and the Palk Strait. Sri Lanka shares a maritime border with India and the Maldives. Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is its legislative capital, and Colombo is its largest city and financial centre.Sri Lanka has a population of around 22 million (2020) and is a multinational state, home to diverse cultures, languages, and ethnicities. The Sinhalese are the majority of the nation's population. The Tamils, who are a large minority group, have also played an influential role in the island's history. Other long established groups include the Moors, the Burghers, the Malays, the Chinese, and the indigenous Vedda.
<Hines_Interests_Limited_Partnership>	Hines Interests Limited Partnership is a privately held company that invests in and develops real estate.The company has developed, redeveloped or acquired 1,450 properties, comprising over 485 million square feet. The company currently manages 622 properties comprising 256 million square feet. The company has a presence in 240 cities in 27 countries. The firm's business model is alleged to be adding to Ireland's housing crisis.The company was founded in Houston in 1957 by Gerald D. Hines.
<The_Pride_of_the_Yankees>	The Pride of the Yankees is a 1942 American film produced by Samuel Goldwyn, directed by Sam Wood, and starring Gary Cooper, Teresa Wright, and Walter Brennan. It is a tribute to the legendary New York Yankees first baseman Lou Gehrig, who died only one year before its release, at age 37, from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, which later became known to the lay public as "Lou Gehrig's disease".Though subtitled The Life of Lou Gehrig, the film is less a sports biography than an homage to a heroic and widely loved sports figure whose tragic and premature death touched the entire nation. It emphasizes Gehrig's relationship with his parents (particularly his strong-willed mother), his friendships with players and journalists, and his storybook romance with the woman who became his "companion for life," Eleanor Twitchell. Details of his baseball career—which were still fresh in most fans' minds in 1942—are limited to montages of ballparks, pennants, and Cooper swinging bats and running bases, though Gehrig's best-known major league record—2,130 consecutive games played—is prominently cited.Yankee teammates Babe Ruth, Bob Meusel, Mark Koenig, and Bill Dickey play themselves, as does sportscaster Bill Stern. The film was adapted by Herman J. Mankiewicz, Jo Swerling, and an uncredited Casey Robinson from a story by Paul Gallico, and received 11 Oscar nominations. It ends with a re-enactment of Gehrig's poignant 1939 farewell speech at Yankee Stadium. The film's iconic closing line—"Today, I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the Earth"—was voted 38th on the American Film Institute's list of 100 greatest movie quotes.
<Bill_Waller>	William Lowe Waller Sr. (October 21, 1926 – November 30, 2011) was an American politician and attorney. A Democrat, Waller served as the Governor of Mississippi from 1972 to 1976. Born near Oxford, Mississippi to a farming family, Waller went to law school and in 1950 established a law practice in Jackson. Nine years later, he was elected District Attorney of Hinds County, Mississippi. Waller attempted to reform the position and provoked the ire of local law enforcement for aggressively prosecuting several cases. In 1964, he twice prosecuted Byron De La Beckwith for the murder of civil rights activist Medgar Evers, with both trials resulting in deadlocked juries. In 1967, he launched an unsuccessful campaign for governor, finishing fifth in the Democratic primary.Waller ran for governor again in 1971, denouncing state establishment leaders and winning in the primary and in the general election. Taking office in January 1972, he associated himself with the New South governors, his moderate contemporaries in other Southern states. Though unsuccessful in reconciling racial differences within the Mississippi Democratic Party, he brought blacks into state government and successfully shut down the State Sovereignty Commission. His tenure was also marked by his significant disagreement with the Mississippi State Legislature. After leaving gubernatorial office in 1976, Waller returned to practicing law in Jackson. He ran for a U.S. Senate seat in 1978 and for governor again in 1987, losing both races. He released his memoirs in 2007 and died four years later.
<Hägar_the_Horrible>	Hägar the Horrible is the title and main character of an American comic strip created by cartoonist Dik Browne and syndicated by King Features Syndicate. It first appeared in February 1973 and was an immediate success. Since Browne's retirement in 1988 (and subsequent death), his son Chris Browne has continued the strip with artwork by Gary Hallgren. As of 2010[update], Hägar is distributed to 1,900 newspapers in 56 countries and translated into 12 languages. The strip is a caricature commenting on modern-day life in the United States through a loose interpretation of Viking Age Scandinavian life."Hagar the Terrible" was the nickname given to the late Dik Browne by his sons; Browne adapted the name to Hägar the Horrible for the purposes of alliteration. After his death, Dik Browne's sons changed the title of the strip to Dik Browne's Hägar the Horrible in tribute. The name is pronounced Hay-gar according to Chris Browne.Hägar (sometimes written "Hagar") is a shaggy, scruffy, overweight, red-bearded Viking. He regularly raids England and sometimes France. Animation-industry writer Terence J. Sacks notes the juxtaposition of contrary qualities that make Hägar endearing to the reader: "Hägar's horned helmet, rough beard and shaggy tunic make him look somewhat like a caveman or Opera-Viking, but you also know Hägar has a soft underbelly occasionally exposed."
<Valerie_Solanas>	Valerie Jean Solanas (April 9, 1936 – April 25, 1988) was an American radical feminist known for the SCUM Manifesto, which she self-published in 1967, and for her attempt to murder artist Andy Warhol in 1968.Solanas had a turbulent childhood, reportedly suffering sexual abuse from both her father and grandfather, and experiencing a volatile relationship with her mother and stepfather. She came out as a lesbian in the 1950s. After graduating with a degree in psychology from the University of Maryland, College Park, Solanas relocated to Berkeley, where she began writing the SCUM Manifesto, which urged women to "overthrow the government, eliminate the money system, institute complete automation and eliminate the male sex."
<Frank_Beamer>	Paul “Bear” Bryant Lifetime Achievement Award (2019) Franklin Mitchell Beamer (born October 18, 1946) is a retired American college football coach, most notably for the Virginia Tech Hokies, and former college football player. He is the father of current South Carolina Gamecocks head coach Shane Beamer.  
<Bernt_Michael_Holmboe>	Bernt Michael Holmboe (23 March 1795 – 28 March 1850) was a Norwegian mathematician. He was home-tutored from an early age, and was not enrolled in school until 1810. Following a short period at the Royal Frederick University, which included a stint as assistant to Christopher Hansteen, Holmboe was hired as a mathematics teacher at the Christiania Cathedral School in 1818, where he met the future renowned mathematician Niels Henrik Abel. Holmboe's lasting impact on mathematics worldwide has been said to be his tutoring of Abel, both in school and privately. The two became friends and remained so until Abel's early death. Holmboe moved to the Royal Frederick University in 1826, where he worked until his own death in 1850.Holmboe's significant impact on mathematics in the fledgling Norway was his textbook in two volumes for secondary schools. It was widely used, but faced competition from Christopher Hansteen's alternative offering, sparking what may have been Norway's first debate about school textbooks.Bernt Michael Holmboe was born in Vang in 1795, the son of vicar Jens Holmboe (1746–1823) and his wife Cathrine Holst (1763–1823). He grew up in Eidsberg with his nine siblings, and was the elder brother of noted philologist Christopher Andreas Holmboe. Holmboe was homeschooled from an early age, but was sent to the Christiania Cathedral School in 1810 to complete his secondary education. There he undertook extracurricular studies in mathematics. He enrolled as a student at the Royal Frederick University in 1814, a turbulent year in Norwegian history. Norway had been a province of Denmark since 1397, but had come under Swedish control in the January 1814 Treaty of Kiel. Following Norway's declaration of independence in the Constitution of 17 May, Sweden responded by waging a military campaign against Norway during the summer of 1814. Holmboe was a spokesperson for the student group opposed to the presence of Swedish troops in the country. Any outspokenness from the student community was highly visible at the time, as the university had only seventeen students as of 1813, its year of establishment.
<Channel_One_News>	Channel One News was an American news content provider. The daily news program was accompanied by commercial advertising for marketing in schools, with supplementary educational resources. The Peabody award-winning Channel One News program was broadcast mainly to minors, advertising a way for young teens to understand happenings in the world. Susan Winston, former Executive Producer of Good Morning America, and Daniel Funk were brought in to design the broadcast and produce the six weeks of test shows. On May 13, 2014, it was sold for an undisclosed price to Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. On June 28, 2018, HMH announced that Channel One's last broadcast occurred in May and that they would be "winding down ongoing operations".Channel One was founded in 1989 and began with a pilot program in four high schools before its national rollout in 1990, with original anchors and reporters Ken Rogers, Lynne Blades, and Brian Tochi. It was founded by Christopher Whittle along with co-founder Ed Winter, advertising and marketing executives based in Knoxville, Tennessee. Primedia purchased Channel One for approximately $250 million from Whittle in 1994, with Ed Winter remaining as chairman for several more years.The program's first executive producer, Cynthia Samuels, came to Channel One from 9 years on Today. While at Channel One, she created Student Producer Week—during which students produced, reported, directed, and designed an entire week of programming—Channel One's one-hour specials, including one in Moscow and Ohio, one in Tokyo and Texas, one in Los Angeles after the Rodney King riots hosted by Arsenio Hall and OneVote—an "election night" for students to vote for president and watch the returns come in live from their classrooms. After Cynthia Samuels came Douglas Greenlaw, former President of MTV, followed by David Neuman, former vice president of comedy at NBC.
<Duke_Ferdinand_Frederick_Augustus_of_Württemberg>	Duke Ferdinand Frederick Augustus of Württemberg (22 October 1763 – 20 January 1834) was a Habsburg Austrian general during the French Revolutionary Wars and Napoleonic Wars.He was born into the House of Württemberg as the fifth son of Frederick II Eugene, Duke of Württemberg and his wife, Princess Friederike of Brandenburg-Schwedt, niece of Frederick the Great.As a high-ranking nobleman, he started his military career as an Oberstleutnant in 1781. Promoted to General-major in 1788, he fought at Belgrade during the Austro-Turkish War. During the War of the First Coalition he led his troops at Neerwinden and was in command of the successful Siege of Condé in 1793.
<George_Thomson,_Baron_Thomson_of_Monifieth>	George Morgan Thomson, Baron Thomson of Monifieth, KT, PC, DL, FRSE (16 January 1921 – 3 October 2008) was a British politician and journalist who served as a Labour MP. He was a member of Harold Wilson's cabinet, and later became a European Commissioner.In the 1980s, he joined the Social Democratic Party. Following the SDP's merger with the Liberal Party, he became a Liberal Democrat and sat as a Liberal Democrat member of the House of Lords.
<Regina_Peruggi>	Regina S. Peruggi (born c. 1947) is an American educator, who was the President of Kingsborough Community College from 2005 to 2014, the first woman to hold that position in the college's 40-year history. Prior to that, she was president of Marymount Manhattan College and led the Central Park Conservancy. For 14 years (from 1968 to 1982) she was married to her second cousin, Rudy Giuliani.Peruggi grew up in a middle class family in The Bronx. She is the second cousin and ex-wife of former mayor of New York Rudy Giuliani. She attended Roman Catholic parochial schools. She earned a Bachelor of Arts in sociology from the College of New Rochelle in 1967.She started her career as a drug abuse counselor in a state jail. She worked as a teacher at the elementary school, college, and graduate school levels. In 1974 she joined York College of The City University of New York, then moved to Washington, D.C. with Rudy Giuliani and worked as a coordinator at the Psychiatric Institute of Washington. Around 1980 she returned to school, and then earned a Master of Business Administration from New York University.
<INews_TV>	iNews TV may refer to:
<Richard_S._Hamilton>	Richard Streit Hamilton (born 10 January 1943) is an American mathematician who serves as the Davies Professor of Mathematics at Columbia University. He is known for contributions to geometric analysis and partial differential equations. Hamilton is best known for foundational contributions to the theory of the Ricci flow and the development of a corresponding program of techniques and ideas for resolving the Poincaré conjecture and geometrization conjecture in the field of geometric topology. Grigori Perelman built upon Hamilton's results to prove the conjectures, and was awarded a Millennium Prize for his work. However, Perelman declined the award, regarding Hamilton's contribution as being equal to his own.Hamilton received his B.A in 1963 from Yale University and Ph.D. in 1966 from Princeton University. Robert Gunning supervised his thesis. He has taught at University of California, Irvine, University of California, San Diego, Cornell University, and Columbia University.Hamilton's mathematical contributions are primarily in the field of differential geometry and more specifically geometric analysis.  He is best known for having discovered the Ricci flow and starting a research program that ultimately led to the proof, by Grigori Perelman, of William Thurston's geometrization conjecture and the Poincaré conjecture.
<The_Unbearable_Lightness_of_Being>	The Unbearable Lightness of Being (Czech: Nesnesitelná lehkost bytí) is a 1984 novel by Milan Kundera, about two women, two men, a dog and their lives in the 1968 Prague Spring period of Czechoslovak history. Although written in 1982, the novel was not published until two years later, in a French translation (as L'insoutenable légèreté de l'être). The original Czech text was published the following year. It was also translated to English from Czech by Michael Henry Heim and published in The New Yorker's March 19, 1984, issue under the "Fiction" section.The Unbearable Lightness of Being takes place mainly in Prague in the late 1960s and early 1970s. It explores the artistic and intellectual life of Czech society from the Prague Spring of 1968 to the invasion of Czechoslovakia by the Soviet Union and three other Warsaw Pact countries and its aftermath through the lives of two separate pairs of people and those around them.Challenging the concept of eternal recurrence (the idea that the universe and its events have already occurred and will recur ad infinitum), the story's thematic meditations posit the alternative: that each person has only one life to live and that which occurs in life occurs only once and never again – thus the "lightness" of being. Moreover, this lightness also signifies freedom; Tomáš and Sabina display this lightness, whereas Tereza's character is "weighed down". In the Constance Garnett translation of Tolstoy's War and Peace she gives us the phrase "strange lightness of being" during the description of Prince Andrey's death. In contrast, the concept of eternal recurrence imposes a "heaviness" on life and the decisions that are made – to borrow from Nietzsche's metaphor, it gives them "weight". Nietzsche believed this heaviness could be either a tremendous burden or great benefit depending on the individual's perspective.
<Rice_University>	William Marsh Rice University (Rice University) is a private research university in Houston, Texas. It is on a 300-acre campus near the Houston Museum District and adjacent to the Texas Medical Center. Rice is ranked among the top universities in the United States.Opened in 1912 as the Rice Institute after the murder of its namesake William Marsh Rice, Rice is a research university with an undergraduate focus. Its emphasis on undergraduate education is demonstrated by its 6:1 student-faculty ratio. The university has a very high level of research activity, with $156 million in sponsored research funding in 2019. Rice is noted for its applied science programs in the fields of artificial heart research, structural chemical analysis, signal processing, space science, and nanotechnology.  Rice has been a member of the Association of American Universities since 1985 and is classified among "R1: Doctoral Universities – Very high research activity".
<John_Jay_O'Connor>	John Jay O'Connor III (January 10, 1930 – November 11, 2009) was an American lawyer and the husband of United States Supreme Court Associate Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, the first woman to serve on the court. O'Connor, a prominent lawyer in Arizona, suffered from Alzheimer's disease during his later life.  His illness played a significant role in Sandra Day O'Connor's decision to retire from the Supreme Court in 2005.O'Connor was born on January 10, 1930, in San Francisco, California. His parents were John Jay O'Connor II and Sally Flynn O'Connor. He was of Irish Catholic descent and attended St. Ignatius High School in San Francisco. He obtained his bachelor's degree from Stanford University in 1951, and later received a law degree, also from Stanford, in 1953.O'Connor met his future wife, Sandra Day of Arizona, while both were law review editors and students at Stanford Law School. The couple married in 1952.
<Dev_Anand>	Dharamdev Pishorimal Anand (26 September 1923 – 3 December 2011), better known as Dev Anand, was an Indian actor, writer, director and producer known for his work in Hindi cinema, through a career that spanned over six decades. He was one of the most successful actors of Indian cinema and a part of "Trinity- The Golden Trio" along with Raj Kapoor and Dilip Kumar. The Government of India honoured him with the Padma Bhushan in 2001 and the Dadasaheb Phalke Award in 2002 for his contribution to Indian cinema. He has won the Filmfare Award for Best Actor twice and Filmfare's Lifetime Achievement Award in 1993.A fast dialogue delivery style and nodding while doing do soon became the trademarks of Anand's acting in movies. His style was copied by other actors. Most of Dev Anand's movies explored his viewpoint of the world and often highlighted many socially relevant topics.
<Darius_Mead>	Darius Mead (July 9, 1787– January 28, 1864) was a member of the Connecticut Senate representing the 12th District from 1844 to 1846.Mead was the son of Joshua and Rachel (Knapp) Mead, of Round Hill, Greenwich, Conn., was born in that town, July 9, 1787. He was fitted for College under the tuition of Rev. I. Lewis, D.D.  he graduated from Yale College in 1807.After pursuing a course of study under Dr. Benjamin Rush, in Philadelphia, he received a medical diploma in 1809. He practiced medicine for a few months in New York City, but returned to his native town in 1810 and there continued to reside, still engaged in practice.
<Bulloch_County_Courthouse>	The Bulloch County Courthouse is a historic courthouse that is located in downtown Statesboro, Georgia.  It was built in 1894 to house the county government. On September 18, 1980, the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places.Bulloch County was officially established on February 8, 1796. Bryan and Screven counties were the two counties that Bulloch County was created from by an act of the Georgia General Assembly.  Bulloch County was named after Archibald Bulloch, who was Georgia's first provisional governor from 1776 to 1777. In 1796 three men were appointed to be commissioners: Drury Jones, John Mikell and Israel Bird.  They were in charge of finding a proper place to build the courthouse and the jail. In May 1797 the first Superior Court was held in Bulloch County at Stephen Mills’ home and continued to be held there until the courthouse was built. The fourth Mondays in April and October were the only two days that the superior court met each year.  The inferior court, however, met every first Monday of the month.  When Bulloch County first started having court, there were no local lawyers or judges.  Bulloch County obtained its first lawyers and judges after the Civil War.The justices of the inferior court that were appointed by the legislature in 1796 were Israel Bird, John Rawls, and James Bird.  The justices of the peace included John Douglas, John Everett, Robert Scott, William McCall, and Mark Pridgeon.
<James_J._Gaffney>	James J. Gaffney (June 18, 1863 – November 30, 1946), most often known as J. J. Gaffney, was an American architect in Louisville, Kentucky.A number of his works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Gaffney is buried at St. Louis Cemetery in Louisville.
<George_S._Kaufman>	George Simon Kaufman (November 16, 1889 – June 2, 1961) was an American playwright, theater director and producer, humorist, and drama critic. In addition to comedies and political satire, he wrote several musicals for the Marx Brothers and others. He won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama for the musical Of Thee I Sing (with Morrie Ryskind and Ira Gershwin) in 1932, and won again in 1937 for the play You Can't Take It with You (with Moss Hart). He also won the Tony Award for Best Director in 1951 for the musical Guys and Dolls.George S. Kaufman was born to Joseph S. Kaufman, a hatband manufacturer, and Nettie Meyers in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He had a younger sister, Ruth. His other sister was Helen, nicknamed "Helse". Kaufman's family were Jewish. He graduated from high school in 1907 and studied law for three months. He grew disenchanted and took on a series of odd jobs, selling silk and working in wholesale ribbon sales.
<Benjamin_Ferrey>	Benjamin Ferrey FSA FRIBA (1 April 1810–22 August 1880) was an English architect who worked mostly in the Gothic Revival.Benjamin Ferrey was the youngest son of Benjamin Ferrey Snr (1779–1847), a draper who became Mayor of Christchurch, and his wife Ann Pillgrem (1773–1824). He was educated at Wimborne Grammar School.
<RSD_Alcalá>	Real Sociedad Deportiva Alcalá is a Spanish football team based in Alcalá de Henares in the Community of Madrid. Founded in 1929 it plays in Tercera División RFEF – Group 7, holding home matches at Estadio Municipal del Val, with a capacity of 8,000.Alcalá de Henares, being a city of students, has a long football history. With the influence of the capital proximity where football was played long before, in 1908 appeared Alcalá Foot-Ball Club.The following players have played at least 100 league games for the club:
<Liberty_Films>	Liberty Films was an independent motion picture production company founded in California by Frank Capra and Samuel J. Briskin in April 1945. It produced only two films, the Christmas classic It's a Wonderful Life (1946), originally released by RKO Radio Pictures, and the film version of the hit play State of the Union (1948), originally released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Liberty Films' logo was the Liberty Bell ringing loudly.Capra had made two previous attempts at independent production. He formed Frank Capra Productions in 1939 and produced Meet John Doe, but dissolved it when he joined the U.S. Army Signal Corps in December 1941. Later during World War II he unsuccessfully sought a production partnership with director Leo McCarey.All four eventual partners in Liberty Pictures had spent most of World War II as officers making motion pictures for the Army Signal Corps, and were hesitant to return to working under the Hollywood studio system. Capra explained his dissatisfaction in an article for the New York Times:
<Quality_Sports_Investments>	Quality Sports Investments is a chain of companies dedicated to football investments. Through Quality Football Ireland, the company held footballer's contract rights. QSI also invited investors to buy their financial products: the economic rights in packs.It was reported that Jorge Mendes and Peter Kenyon were behind the fund. It was also rumoured that FIFA was investigating the fund as third party ownership is actually not allowed and a possible conflict of interests of the agent Mendes and CAA.Creative Artists Agency, the manager of the investment fund, had set up Quality Sports Investments LP (one) to Quality Sports V Investments LP (five), as well as Quality Sports Investments Fund Limited, Quality Sports Investments Fund GP Limited, Quality Sports Jersey GP Limited (one to five) in Jersey. In Ireland, there were three companies, namely Quality Football Ireland Limited, Quality Football Ireland III Limited and Quality Football IV Ireland Limited.
<Armand_Hammer>	Armand Hammer (May 21, 1898 – December 10, 1990) was an American business manager and owner, most closely associated with Occidental Petroleum, a company he ran from 1957 until his death. Called "Lenin's chosen capitalist" by the press, he was also known for his art collection and his close ties to the Soviet Union.Hammer's business interests around the world and his "citizen diplomacy" helped him cultivate a wide network of friends and associates.
<Lee_Bo-young>	Lee Bo-young (Korean: 이보영; born January 12, 1979) is a South Korean actress. She is best known for starring in the television dramas My Daughter Seo-young (2012), I Can Hear Your Voice (2013), Whisper (2017), Mother (2018), When My Love Blooms (2020), and Mine (2021). Lee was Gallup Korea's Television Actor of the Year in 2013.She began her career in the industry with winning the Daejeon entry for the Miss Korea beauty pageant in 2000. Having majored in Korean literature at Seoul Women's University, she originally dreamed of becoming a news presenter. She was one of 15 finalists in MBC's annual recruitment drive in 2002, but ended up not getting the job. Instead, she turned to modeling, and was chosen as the exclusive advertising model for Asiana Airlines, considered a gateway to stardom.Lee made her acting debut in 2003, and among her early roles were in People of the Water Flower Village (2004) opposite Song Il-gook, and as the antagonist in Save the Last Dance for Me (2004).
<Al_Jazeera_Media_Network>	Al Jazeera Media Network (AJMN) (Arabic: الجزيرة‎, romanized: al-jazīrah, IPA: [æl (d)ʒæˈziːrɐ]; lit. 'The Peninsula', referring to the Qatar Peninsula) is a Qatari international state-owned public media conglomerate headquartered at Qatar Radio and Television Corporation Complex in Wadi Al Sail, Doha. It is the parent company of International Arabic news channel Al Jazeera and other similarly branded factual media operations. Initially launched as an Arabic news and current affairs satellite TV channel, it has since expanded into a network with several outlets, including the internet and specialty television channels in multiple languages and beyond. The chairman is Sheikh Hamad bin Thamer Al Thani. The acting director general is Mostefa Souag.The organisation is a "private foundation for public benefit" under Qatari law. Under this organisational structure, it receives funding from the State of Qatar and according to media scholar Tine Ustad Figenschou, while both Al Jazeera and Qatari officials stress that the network is politically and editorially independent, this independence is "relative and conditional." The network is sometimes perceived to have mainly Islamist perspectives, promoting the Muslim Brotherhood, and having a pro-Sunni and an anti-Shia bias in its reporting of regional issues. Al Jazeera has aired videos and audio recordings of Osama bin Laden.The network's news operation currently has 70 bureaus around the world that are shared between the network's channels and operations, the second-largest amount of bureaux of any media company in the world after the BBC. In June 2017, the Saudi, Emirati, Bahraini, and Egyptian governments, supported by 12 other OIC member governments (with initial rumours claiming the support of additional governments; later reduced to 9 member governments by the latest of August 2019), pressed for the closure of the entire conglomerate as one of thirteen demands made to the government of Qatar during the 2017-2021 Qatar diplomatic crisis. Other media networks have spoken out in support of the network.
<Glenn_T._Seaborg>	Glenn Theodore Seaborg (/ˈsiːbɔːrɡ/; April 19, 1912 – February 25, 1999) was an American chemist whose involvement in the synthesis, discovery and investigation of ten transuranium elements earned him a share of the 1951 Nobel Prize in Chemistry. His work in this area also led to his development of the actinide concept and the arrangement of the actinide series in the periodic table of the elements.Seaborg spent most of his career as an educator and research scientist at the University of California, Berkeley, serving as a professor, and, between 1958 and 1961, as the university's second chancellor. He advised ten US Presidents—from Harry S. Truman to Bill Clinton—on nuclear policy and was Chairman of the United States Atomic Energy Commission from 1961 to 1971, where he pushed for commercial nuclear energy and the peaceful applications of nuclear science. Throughout his career, Seaborg worked for arms control. He was a signatory to the Franck Report and contributed to the Limited Test Ban Treaty, the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty. He was a well-known advocate of science education and federal funding for pure research. Toward the end of the Eisenhower administration, he was the principal author of the Seaborg Report on academic science, and, as a member of President Ronald Reagan's National Commission on Excellence in Education, he was a key contributor to its 1983 report "A Nation at Risk".
<Kardzhali_Hydroelectric_Power_Station>	The Kardzhali Hydro Power Plant (Bulgarian: ВЕЦ Кърджали) is an active hydro power near Kardzhali, southern Bulgaria constructed on the dam of the same name on the river Arda. It has 3 individual turbines with a nominal output of around 36 MW which deliver up to 108 MW of power.Together with the Ivailovgrad HPP and Studen Kladenets HPP, Kardzhali HPP forms the Dolna Arda Hydro Cascade with total capacity of 276 MW. There is a 65,000,000 euro modernization plan for the three power plants.This article about a hydroelectric power plant is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<The_Magnificent_Evans>	The Magnificent Evans is a 1984 BBC situation comedy written by Roy Clarke and starring Ronnie Barker, Sharon Morgan and Myfanwy Talog.Ronnie Barker played Welsh photographer Plantagenet Evans, a tactless but likeable bully with an intolerance towards fools and an overdeveloped sense of his own abilities. Sharon Morgan played Evans's long-time fiancée Rachel, who also doubled as his assistant and had a full-time job steering his lusting eyes away from other women and back to his job.
<Walter_Camp_Coach_of_the_Year_Award>	The Walter Camp Coach of the Year Award is given annually to the collegiate American football head coach adjudged by a group of National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) head coaches and sports information directors under the auspices of the Walter Camp Football Foundation as the "Coach of the Year"; the award is named for Walter Camp, a progenitor of the sport. The foundation also honors a Walter Camp Man of the Year for service.The award has been presented yearly since 1967 during the Walter Camp Football Foundation's annual awards weekend, held on the campus of Yale University.
<Ken_Keeler>	Ken Keeler is an American television producer and writer. He has written for numerous television series, most notably The Simpsons and Futurama. According to an interview with David X. Cohen, he proved a theorem that appears in the Futurama episode "The Prisoner of Benda".Keeler studied applied mathematics at Harvard University, graduating summa cum laude in 1983. He then gained a master's degree from Stanford in electrical engineering before returning to Harvard.He earned a PhD in applied mathematics from Harvard in 1990. His doctoral thesis was "Map Representations and Optimal Encoding for Image Segmentation".
<StandBy_Records>	Standby Records was an independent record label originally from Ohio.In 2016 Davey Suicide leaked to Alternative Press that the group had entered into a lawsuit with Standby Records. This prompted label-mates As Blood Runs Black to speak out against the label as well claiming financial issues. Suicide announced a few months after the leak that the group had come to a settlement with Standby Records.
<Rich_Cohen>	Rich Cohen (born July 30, 1968) is an American non-fiction writer. He is a contributing editor at Vanity Fair and Rolling Stone. He is co-creator, with Martin Scorsese, Mick Jagger and Terence Winter, of the HBO series Vinyl. His works have been New York Times bestsellers, New York Times Notable Books, and have been collected in the Best American Essays series. He lives in Ridgefield, Connecticut, with his four sons. In  2022, Cohen became a columnist for the Wall Street Journal.He is not to be confused with Richard A. Cohen.
<Shameless_(U.S._TV_series)>	Shameless is an American comedy drama television series developed by John Wells that aired on Showtime from January 9, 2011, to April 11, 2021. It is an adaptation of Paul Abbott's British series of the same name and features an ensemble cast led by William H. Macy and Emmy Rossum. The show is set on the South Side of Chicago, Illinois.With the premiere of the ninth season on September 9, 2018, Shameless became the longest-running original scripted series in Showtime's history. In January 2019, the series was renewed for a tenth season, which premiered on November 10, 2019. In January 2020, the series was renewed for its eleventh and final season, which was scheduled to premiere in mid-2020, but was delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic; it instead premiered on December 6, 2020. On December 14, 2020, Showtime announced that they were airing a clip show series during Season 11, Shameless: Hall of Shame, containing new scenes juxtaposed with clips from the show to summarize the characters' journeys during the prior 10 seasons.
<Technical_University_of_Munich>	The Technical University of Munich (TUM or TU Munich; German: Technische Universität München) is a public research university in Munich, Germany. It specializes in engineering, technology, medicine, and applied and natural sciences.Established in 1868 by King Ludwig II of Bavaria, the university now has additional campuses in Garching, Freising, Heilbronn, Straubing, and Singapore, with the Garching campus being its largest. The university is organized into eight schools and departments, and is supported by numerous research centers. It is one of the largest universities in Germany, with 50,000 students and an annual budget of €1,770.3 million (including university hospital).
<Victor_Weisskopf>	Victor Frederick "Viki" Weisskopf (also spelled Viktor; September 19, 1908 – April 22, 2002) was an Austrian-born American theoretical physicist. He did postdoctoral work with Werner Heisenberg, Erwin Schrödinger, Wolfgang Pauli, and Niels Bohr. During World War II he was Group Leader of the Theoretical Division of the Manhattan Project at Los Alamos, and he later campaigned against the proliferation of nuclear weapons.Weisskopf was born in Vienna to Jewish parents and earned his doctorate in physics at the University of Göttingen in Germany in 1931. His brilliance in physics led to work with the great physicists exploring the atom, especially Niels Bohr, who mentored Weisskopf at his institute in Copenhagen. By the late 1930s, he realized that, as a Jew, he needed to get out of Europe. Bohr helped him find a position in the United States.
<Krishnalal_Shridharani>	Krishnalal Shridharani (16 September 1911 – 23 July 1960) was an Indian poet, playwright and journalist. He studied sociology, economics and journalism at various institutions in India and the US. He participated in the Indian independence movement and was imprisoned, during which time he started writing plays and poetry. He also wrote many non-fiction books in English.Shridharani was born in Umrala near Bhavnagar on 16 September 1911. He spent his childhood in Junagadh. He completed his primary education in Umrala and secondary education from Dakshinamurti Vinay Mandir, Bhavnagar. He joined Gujarat Vidyapith in 1929 and participated as a young man in the Dandi March of 1930. He was arrested near Karadi when he was going for Dharasana Satyagraha. He spent some time in Sabarmati and Nasik jails. He joined Shantiniketan (Visva-Bharati University) in 1931 and completed his graduation in 1933. In 1934, he went to US for further studies on the advice of James Pratt and Rabindranath Tagore, which made a lasting impression on his attitude. He completed Masters in Sociology and Economics from New York University in 1935. He completed MS in 1936 and PhD in 1940 from Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism.
<John_Madin>	John Hardcastle Dalton Madin (23 March 1924 – 8 January 2012) was an English architect. His company, known as John H D Madin & Partners from 1962 and the John Madin Design Group from 1968, was active in Birmingham for over 30 years.He was born in Moseley, Birmingham, on 23 March 1924 and died on 8 January 2012.
<Cheltenham_Town_F.C.>	Cheltenham Town Football Club is a professional association football club based in the town of Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, England.  From the 2021–22 season, the club compete in League One, the third tier of the English football league system, after winning the League Two title. Nicknamed the "Robins", they have played at Whaddon Road since 1932. The club contests rivalries with Gloucester City and Forest Green Rovers.Founded in 1887, the club spent much of its early history competing in local football circles, before moving to the Birmingham Combination in 1932 and then the Southern League in 1935. They spent the next 50 years in the Southern League, winning the Midland Division in 1982–83 and then claiming the Premier Division title in 1984–85. They were subsequently promoted into the Alliance Premier League in 1985, where they remained for seven seasons until they were relegated in 1992. They finished as runners-up of the Southern League Premier Division for four of the next five seasons, and were promoted into the Conference in 1997.
<Rode_Hall>	Rode Hall, a Georgian country house, is the seat of the Wilbraham family, members of the landed gentry in the parish of Odd Rode, Cheshire, England. The estate, with the original timber-framed manor house, was purchased by the Wilbrahams from the ancient Rode family in 1669. The medieval manor house was replaced between 1700 and 1708 by a brick-built seven-bay building; a second building, with five bays, was built in 1752; the two buildings being joined in 1800 to form the present Rode Hall.Both the exterior and interior of Rode Hall have been altered multiples times, including work by Thomas Farnolls Pritchard and Lewis Wyatt, resulting in an irregular and complex layout. The house has large collections of period paintings, furniture, and porcelain by Chelsea, Bow and Royal Worcester.
<Daniel_Gerroll>	Daniel Gerroll (born 16 October 1951) is an English theatre, television and film actor.Gerroll was born in London, the son of Kathleen Cordelia (née Norman), a fashion model, and Harry Gerroll, a clothing designer. Gerroll has appeared on television in both the United Kingdom and the United States, although his greater contribution has been to the stage in both countries. In New York City, he has won the Theatre World Award for The Slab Boys and Knuckle, the Outer Critics Circle Award for Translations and the Village Voice's Obie Award for Sustained Excellence of Performance. His Broadway credits include Plenty, The Homecoming, Enchanted April and High Society.
<Washington_State_University>	Washington State University (Washington State, WSU, or informally Wazzu) is a public land-grant research university with its flagship, and oldest, campus in Pullman, Washington. Founded in 1890, WSU is also one of the oldest land-grant universities in the American West. With an undergraduate enrollment of 24,278 and a total enrollment of 28,581, it is the second largest institution for higher education in Washington state behind the University of Washington. It is classified among "R1: Doctoral Universities – Very high research activity".The WSU Pullman campus stands on a hill and is characterized by open spaces and a red brick and basalt material palette—materials originally found on site. The university sits within the rolling topography of the Palouse in rural eastern Washington and remains closely connected to the town and the region. The university also operates campuses across Washington at WSU Spokane, WSU Tri-Cities, and WSU Vancouver, all founded in 1989. In 2012, WSU launched an Internet-based Global Campus, which includes its online degree program, WSU Online. In 2015, WSU expanded to a sixth campus at WSU Everett. These campuses award primarily bachelor's and master's degrees. Freshmen and sophomores were first admitted to the Vancouver campus in 2006 and to the Tri-Cities campus in 2007. 
<Shrewsbury_Town_F.C.>	Shrewsbury Town Football Club is a professional association football club based in Shrewsbury, Shropshire, England. The team competes in League One, the third tier of English football. The club plays its home games at the New Meadow, having moved from the Gay Meadow in 2007. They have won the Shropshire Senior Cup a record 67 times and are the only club from the county to ever play in the Football League.Founded in 1886, the club were inaugural members of the Shropshire & District League in 1890 and then joined the Birmingham & District League five years later. Crowned champions in 1922–23, they switched to the Midland League in 1937 and won the Midland League title in 1937–38, 1945–46 and 1947–48. Shrewsbury were admitted into the Football League in 1950 and won promotion out of the Fourth Division at the end of the 1958–59 season. They were promoted again in 1974–75 after being relegated the previous year, and went on to win the Third Division title in 1978–79. They returned to the fourth tier following relegations in 1989 and 1992, where they won another league title in 1993–94. The club lost in the 1996 Football League Trophy final and dropped into non-League football after suffering relegations in 1997 and 2003.
<Derek_Kirk_Kim>	Derek Kirk Kim is a Korean-American writer, director, and artist. He is the recipient of the Eisner (2004), the Harvey (2004), and the Ignatz Award (2003) for his debut graphic novel Same Difference and Other Stories. (The contents of which were originally serialized on his website, formerly known as Lowbright, and Small Stories). This collection of short stories was first published with the help of a 2002 Xeric Award. In television, he is best known for his work as a director on the Disney animated television series Amphibia. He was also the lead character designer of Adventure Time (Cartoon Network) and a story artist for Green Eggs and Ham (Netflix). He is also the writer of TUNE and the writer and director of the spin-off webseries, Mythomania. Kim has also worked on numerous animated shorts, including "Sympathy for Slenderman," a Webby Award nominee in 2014.
<Peter_Blair_Henry>	Peter Blair Henry, an economist, was the ninth Dean of New York University's Leonard N. Stern School of Business, and William R. Berkley Professor of Economics and Business, and author of TURNAROUND: Third World Lessons for First World Growth (Basic Books, March 2013). Previously, he was the Konosuke Matsushita Professor of International Economics at Stanford University.Born in Kingston, Jamaica in 1969, Peter Blair Henry became a US citizen in 1986.Henry was a Rhodes Scholar at St Catherine's College, Oxford where he received a BA in mathematics in 1993 and a Full Blue in basketball. He also received a BA in economics with distinction and highest honors in 1991 from The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill where he was a Morehead-Cain Scholar, a National Merit Scholar, a member of Phi Beta Kappa, a Marshall Scholar-Elect, a reserve wide receiver on the varsity football team, and a finalist in the 1991 campus-wide slam-dunk competition.
<Banco_di_Brescia>	Banco di Brescia San Paolo CAB S.p.A., known as Banco di Brescia, was an Italian bank based in Brescia, Lombardy. On 20 February 2017 it was absorbed into the parent company UBI Banca.The bank had 288 branches (as of June 2016): 205 in Lombardy, 45 in Lazio, 27 in Veneto, 9 in Friuli – Venezia Giulia and 1 in Trentino – South Tyrol. In the last three regions, Banco di Brescia is the only brand of UBI Banca in that area.In 1998 Banca San Paolo di Brescia and Credito Agrario Bresciano merged to form Group Banca Lombarda. Their subsidiaries, Banca di Valle Camonica and Banco di San Giorgio remained as separate entities. However, the group formed a new brand for the two Brescia based bank, which Banco di Brescia was formed on 1 January 1999. In 2007 it was part of Group UBI Banca, after the banking group acquired Banca Lombarda in an all-share deal.
<Moses_Chan>	Moses Chan Ho (born 16 April 1971) is an actor from Hong Kong.Chan lived and studied in Australia (Melbourne, Brisbane, and Sydney) for 10 years prior to returning to Hong Kong to embark on his acting career. On 17 November 2007, he won both the Best Actor and Most Favourite Character Awards at the TVB 40th Anniversary Award Show for his character Dak Dak Dei (得得地) in the popular drama series Heart of Greed.
<Clocking_Off>	Clocking Off is a British television drama series which was broadcast on BBC One for four series from 2000 to 2003. It was produced for the BBC by the independent Red Production Company, and created by Paul Abbott.It was effectively an anthology programme, following the lives of a group of workers at a Manchester textile factory, with each episode focusing on the home life of a different character. Well-known actors who appeared in the series included Christopher Eccleston, Sophie Okonedo, Philip Glenister, John Simm, Lesley Sharp, Siobhan Finneran, Emma Cunniffe, Diane Parish, David Morrissey, Ricky Tomlinson, Julian Rhind-Tutt, William Ash, Ben Crompton, Jack Deam, Jack P. Shepherd, Tina O'Brien, Jason Merrells, Pam Ferris, Wil Johnson, Ashley Jensen, Susan Cookson, Mark Benton, Sarah Lancashire, Crissy Rock, Marshall Lancaster, Marc Warren, Claire Sweeney and Maxine Peake.
<Being_Different>	Being Different: An Indian Challenge to Western Universalism is a 2011 book by Rajiv Malhotra, an Indian-American author, philanthropist and public speaker, published by HarperCollins. The book reverts the gaze of the western cultures on India, repositioning India from being the observed to the observer, by looking at the West from a Dharmic point of view.Malhotra intends to give a critique of western culture, by comparing it with Indian culture, as seen from a 'Dharmic point of view.' To accomplish this goal, he postulates a set of characteristics of western culture, and a set of characteristics of Indian culture and religion, characterised as "Dharmic." Malhotra explains that in Being Different,'Dharma' is used to indicate a family of spiritual traditions originating in India which today are manifested as Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and Sikhism. I explain that the variety of perspectives and practices of dharma display an underlying integral unity at the metaphysical level.
<Caroline_Aherne>	Caroline Mary Aherne (24 December 1963 – 2 July 2016) was an English actress, comedian and writer. She was best known for performing as the acerbic chat show host Mrs Merton, in various roles in The Fast Show, and as Denise in The Royle Family, a series which she co-wrote. She won BAFTA awards for her work on The Mrs Merton Show and The Royle Family.Aherne narrated the Channel 4 reality television series Gogglebox from its inception in 2013 until 8 April 2016. Aherne died of cancer at the age of 52.
<A_River_Runs_Through_It_(novel)>	A River Runs Through It and Other Stories is a semi-autobiographical collection of three stories by American author Norman Maclean (1902–1990) published in 1976. It was the first work of fiction published by the University of Chicago Press.The collection contains the novella "A River Runs Through It" and two short stories, "Logging and Pimping and 'Your pal, Jim'" and "USFS 1919: The Ranger, the Cook, and a Hole in the Sky", which precede the events of the novella. It received widespread acclaim upon its publication and was nominated for the Pulitzer Prize in Letters in 1977, but the selection committee ultimately did not award the prize in that category that year. Two of the stories were later adapted into feature films.
<Oxford>	Oxford (/ˈɒksfərd/) is a city in England. It is the county town and only city of Oxfordshire. In 2020, its population was estimated at 151,584. It is 56 miles (90 km) north-west of London, 64 miles (103 km) south-east of Birmingham and 61 miles (98 km) north-east of Bristol. The city is home to the University of Oxford, the oldest university in the English-speaking world; it has buildings in every style of English architecture since late Anglo-Saxon. Oxford's industries include motor manufacturing, education, publishing, information technology and science.The history of Oxford in England dates back to its original settlement in the Saxon period. Originally of strategic significance due to its controlling location on the upper reaches of the River Thames at its junction with the River Cherwell, the town grew in national importance during the early Norman period, and in the late 12th century became home to the fledgling University of Oxford. The city was besieged during The Anarchy in 1142.
<Charles_Scribner's_Sons>	Charles Scribner's Sons, or simply Scribner's or Scribner, is an American publisher based in New York City, known for publishing American authors including Henry James, Ernest Hemingway, F. Scott Fitzgerald, Kurt Vonnegut, Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings, Stephen King, Robert A. Heinlein, Thomas Wolfe, George Santayana, John Clellon Holmes, Don DeLillo, and Edith Wharton.The firm published Scribner's Magazine for many years. More recently, several Scribner titles and authors have garnered Pulitzer Prizes, National Book Awards and other merits. In 1978 the company merged with Atheneum and became The Scribner Book Companies. In turn it merged into Macmillan in 1984.
<Brave_(2012_film)>	Brave is a 2012 American computer-animated fantasy film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. The film was directed by Mark Andrews and Brenda Chapman (in the former's feature directorial debut), co-directed by Steve Purcell, and produced by Katherine Sarafian, with John Lasseter, Andrew Stanton, and Pete Docter serving as executive producers. The story was written by Chapman, who also wrote the film's screenplay with Andrews, Purcell, and Irene Mecchi. The film stars the voices of Kelly Macdonald, Billy Connolly, Emma Thompson, Julie Walters, Robbie Coltrane, Kevin McKidd, and Craig Ferguson. Set in the Scottish Highlands, the film tells the story of Princess Merida of DunBroch (Macdonald) who defies an age-old custom, causing chaos in the kingdom by expressing the desire not to be betrothed. When Queen Elinor (Thompson), her mother, falls victim to a beastly curse and turns into a bear, Merida must look within herself and find the key to saving the kingdom. Merida is the first Disney Princess created by Pixar. The film is also dedicated to Pixar chairman and Apple co-founder and CEO Steve Jobs, who died before the film's release.Brave is Pixar's first film with a female protagonist, and the first one animated with a new proprietary animation system, called Presto. Originally titled The Bear and the Bow, the film was first announced in April 2008 alongside Up and Cars 2. Chapman drew inspiration for the film's story from her relationship with her own daughter. Co-directing with Andrews and Purcell, Chapman became Pixar's first female director of a feature-length film. To create the most complex visuals possible, Pixar completely rewrote their animation system for the first time in 25 years. Brave is the first film to use the Dolby Atmos sound format. The filmmakers created three original tartan patterns for three of the four clans in the film. Patrick Doyle composed the film's musical score.
<Nights_of_Cabiria>	Nights of Cabiria (Italian: Le notti di Cabiria) is a 1957 drama film co-written and directed by Federico Fellini. It stars Giulietta Masina as Cabiria, a prostitute living in Rome. The cast also features François Périer and Amedeo Nazzari. The film is based on a story by Fellini, who expanded into a screenplay along with his co-writers Ennio Flaiano, Tullio Pinelli and Pier Paolo Pasolini.Besides the best actress award at the Cannes Film Festival for Giulietta Masina, Nights of Cabiria won the 1957 Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. This was the second straight year Italy and Fellini won this Academy Award, having won for La Strada, which also starred Masina.
<The_Pathologies>	The Pathologies (Russian: Патологии) is a 2005 novel by the Russian writer Zakhar Prilepin. The Pathologies is a story about Chechen War.This novel was published in 2005 in Andreevskiy Flag (Russia).
<Grzegorz_Marek_Michalski>	Grzegorz Marek Michalski is an economist, researcher at the School of Management, Computer Science and Finance at Wrocław University of Economics. His main area of research are Business Finance and Financial Liquidity Management. Grzegorz Marek Michalski is a professor of finance. Much of his research is aimed at understanding the determinants and dynamics of financial corporate liquidity. In his research, he has examined the firm value and cost of capital results of corporate liquidity management policies and results of demand for liquidity by firms.  He has also investigated the effects of corporate liquidity on portfolio choice and corporate current assets decisions.  Currently, Grzegorz Marek Michalski is studying the liquidity decisions made by nonprofit organizations. Grzegorz Marek Michalski also studies current business investment in accounts payable, inventories and operating cash. Recent grants and projects examine the effect of liquidity constraints on nonprofit organizations and for-profit small enterprises decisions to level of current assets investments, and on whether or not to use such information on cost of capital level and results on business valuation results. In ongoing work, he studies the unique risk characteristics of business organization capital, and documents the high expected returns which enterprises heavily invested in organization capital earn. Grzegorz Marek Michalski work has been published in ISI academic journals such as the Romanian Journal of Economic Forecasting, the Journal of Economic Computation and Economic Cybernetics Studies and Research, and the Agricultural Economics - Zemědělská ekonomika.Grzegorz M. Michalski is an author and coauthor of over 80 papers and 10 books.  He is part of Editorial Boards in many international journals: 
<PFC_CSKA_Sofia>	CSKA Sofia (Bulgarian: ЦСКА София) is a Bulgarian professional association football club based in Sofia and currently competing in the country's premier football competition, the First League. CSKA is an abbreviation for Central Sports Club of the Army (Bulgarian: Централен Спортен Клуб на Армията).
<Michelin>	Michelin (/ˈmɪʃəlɪn, -læ̃/; French: [miʃlɛ̃]; full name: Compagnie Générale des Établissements Michelin SCA) is a French multinational tyre manufacturing company based in Clermont-Ferrand in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes région of France. It is the second largest tyre manufacturer in the world behind Bridgestone and larger than both Goodyear and Continental. In addition to the Michelin brand, it also owns the Kléber tyres company, Uniroyal-Goodrich Tire Company, SASCAR, Bookatable and Camso brands. Michelin is also notable for its Red and Green travel guides, its roadmaps, the Michelin stars that the Red Guide awards to restaurants for their cooking, and for its company mascot Bibendum, colloquially known as the Michelin Man.Michelin's numerous inventions include the removable tyre, the pneurail (a tyre for rubber-tyred metros) and the radial tyre.
<Jordi_Pablo_Ripollés>	Jordi Pablo Ripollés (born 1 January 1990) is a Spanish former footballer who played as a right midfielder, and the current assistant manager of La Roda CF.Having started out at Villarreal and excelling for Spain at youth level, his senior career was blighted by injuries.
<Kaang_Bong-kiun>	M.S. Seoul National University (1986)Ph.D. Columbia University (1992)Kaang Bong-Kiun was born in Jeju-do, South Korea, on November 21, 1961. He is a professor of neuroscience in the Department of Biological Sciences of Seoul National University. He is a Fellow of the Korean Academy of Science and Technology.
<Rakhat_Aliyev>	Rakhat Mukhtaruly Aliyev (Kazakh: Рахат Мұхтарұлы Әлиев, Rahat Mūhtarūly Äliev; 10 December 1962 – 24 February 2015) was a senior official of the government of Kazakhstan who died in an Austrian prison awaiting trial on charges of murder. His trial was planned to start in Vienna in first half of year 2015. Austrian legal circles were giving much attention to this high-profile criminal case in which a former diplomat was facing murder charges.He was chief of Kazakhstan's tax police, deputy chief of the KNB state security service (Kazakhstan's successor to the Soviet KGB), ambassador to Austria, and first vice foreign minister. While serving in those government posts, Aliyev amassed a fortune in the banking, oil refining, news media, telecommunications, and agricultural commodities sectors. He was born in Almaty.In February 2007, he was appointed to his second tour as Kazakhstan's ambassador to Austria and to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, before being relieved of his post and losing his diplomatic immunity.
<Alexander_Grothendieck>	Alexander Grothendieck (/ˈɡroʊtəndiːk/; German pronunciation: [ˌalɛˈksandɐ ˈɡʁoːtn̩ˌdiːk] (listen); French: [ɡʁɔtɛndik]; 28 March 1928 – 13 November 2014) was a stateless mathematician who became the leading figure in the creation of modern algebraic geometry. His research extended the scope of the field and added elements of commutative algebra, homological algebra, sheaf theory, and category theory to its foundations, while his so-called "relative" perspective led to revolutionary advances in many areas of pure mathematics. He is considered by many to be the greatest mathematician of the twentieth century.Grothendieck began his productive and public career as a mathematician in 1949. In 1958, he was appointed a research professor at the Institut des hautes études scientifiques (IHÉS) and remained there until 1970, when, driven by personal and political convictions, he left following a dispute over military funding. He received the Fields Medal in 1966 for advances in algebraic geometry, homological algebra, and K-theory. He later became professor at the University of Montpellier and, while still producing relevant mathematical work, he withdrew from the mathematical community and devoted himself to political and religious pursuits (first Buddhism and later, a more Christian vision). In 1991, he moved to the French village of Lasserre in the Pyrenees, where he lived in seclusion, still working tirelessly on mathematics and his philosophical and religious thoughts until his death in 2014.
<Arlen_Specter>	Arlen Specter (February 12, 1930 – October 14, 2012) was an American lawyer, author and politician who served as a United States Senator from Pennsylvania from 1981 to 2011. Specter was a Democrat from 1951 to 1965, then a Republican from 1965 until 2009, when he switched back to the Democratic Party. First elected in 1980, he is the longest-serving senator from Pennsylvania, having represented the state for 30 years.Specter was born in Wichita, Kansas, to immigrant Russian/Ukrainian Jewish parents. He graduated from the University of Pennsylvania and served with the United States Air Force during the Korean War. Specter later graduated from Yale Law School and opened a law firm with Marvin Katz, who would later become a federal judge. Specter served as assistant counsel for the Warren Commission investigating the assassination of John F. Kennedy and helped formulate the "single-bullet theory". In 1965, Specter was elected District Attorney of Philadelphia, a position that he held until 1973.
<Nathaniel_Appleton_Haven>	Nathaniel Appleton Haven (July 19, 1762 – March 13, 1831) was an American politician, a physician, and served as a U.S. Representative from New Hampshire.Haven was born in Portsmouth in the Province of New Hampshire. He attended Phillips Exeter Academy, where he graduated in 1807 with distinctions. He then pursued classical studies, was educated by the Reverend Dr. Nathaniel Appleton, and graduated in medicine from Harvard College in 1779.
<ACORN_2009_undercover_videos_controversy>	In 2009, workers at offices of the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now (ACORN) were secretly recorded by conservative activists Hannah Giles and James O'Keefe.The videos were published on Andrew Breitbart's website BigGovernment from September through November 2009. They generated extensive, negative publicity for ACORN, and led to the United States Census Bureau and the IRS ending their contracts with ACORN, the U.S. Congress suspending its funding, and ACORN losing most of its private funding. This was despite several alleged independent investigations that by December 2009 appeared to reveal that no criminal activity by ACORN staff had taken place.
<Sean_Combs>	Sean Combs (born Sean John Combs; November 4, 1969), also known by his stage names Puff Daddy, P. Diddy, Puffy, or Diddy, is an American rapper, actor, record producer, and record executive. Born in New York City, he worked as a talent director at Uptown Records before founding his own record label, Bad Boy Records in 1993. Combs has produced and cultivated artists such as the Notorious B.I.G., Mary J. Blige, and Usher.Combs' debut album, No Way Out (1997), has been certified seven times platinum. The album was followed by Forever (1999), The Saga Continues... (2001), and Press Play (2006), all of which were commercially successful. In 2009, Combs created and produced the musical group Dirty Money; they released their successful debut album Last Train to Paris in 2010.
<Alyssa_Campanella>	Alyssa Marie Campanella (born March 21, 1990) is an American model, blogger, and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss USA 2011. Having previously been crowned Miss California USA 2011, Campanella was the sixth woman representing California to win the Miss USA title. As Miss USA, Campanella represented the United States at Miss Universe 2011, where she placed in the top sixteen. A native of New Jersey, Campanella was also crowned Miss New Jersey Teen USA 2007 and placed as the first runner-up at Miss Teen USA 2007.Since completing her reign as Miss USA, Campanella has launched her travel blog The A List, where she writes about trips and vacations to various destinations.Campanella was born in New Brunswick, New Jersey and was raised in nearby Manalapan Township, New Jersey. She is of mixed Italian, Danish, and Lithuanian descent; her father's family originates in Naples, while her maternal grandfather emigrated from Espergærde in Denmark to the United States in the 1950s.
<Kara_Wilson>	Kara Wilson (born 18 June 1944) is a Scottish actress best known for her roles as Patience Heatherstone in the 1964 adaptation of The Children of the New Forest and as Miss Caroline Gordon in the seventh series of children's soap opera Grange Hill.Wilson has acted in numerous productions with the Glasgow University Dramatic Society, playing leading roles in Lysistrata, Strindberg's The Stronger, Arthur Miller's The Crucible, and Shakespeare's Love's Labour's Lost. As the Society's president, she ran a small theatre company and took productions to both the Edinburgh and Student Drama Festivals.
<Ipswich>	Ipswich (/ˈɪpswɪtʃ/ (listen)) is a port town and borough in Suffolk, England, of which it is the county town. The town is located in East Anglia about 9.9 mi (16 km) away from the mouth of the River Orwell and the North Sea. Ipswich is both on the Great Eastern Main Line railway and the A12 road; it is 67 mi (108 km) north-east of London, 45 mi (72 km) east-southeast of Cambridge and 40 mi (64 km) south of Norwich. Ipswich is surrounded by two Areas of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB): Suffolk Coast and Heaths and Dedham Vale.Ipswich's modern name is derived from the medieval name Gippeswic, probably taken either from an Anglo-Saxon personal name or from an earlier name given to the Orwell Estuary (although possibly unrelated to the name of the River Gipping). It has also been known as Gyppewicus and Yppswyche. The town has been continuously occupied since the Saxon period, and is contested to be one of the oldest towns in the United Kingdom. Ipswich was a settlement of great economic importance to England throughout its history, particularly in trade. The town's historical dock, present-day Ipswich Waterfront, was known as the largest and most important dock in the kingdom. In terms of its population, Ipswich is also the third-largest settlement in East Anglia (after Norwich and Peterborough)
<Alexxis_Nevaeh>	Alisha Maher (née Inacio; born January 7, 1987) is an American professional wrestler, currently signed to Impact Wrestling under the ring name Alisha Edwards (most frequently under the mononym Alisha).Edwards debuted in May 2006, at a joint New England Championship Wrestling (NECW) and World Women's Wrestling (WWW) show on May 7, defeating Mia Love. Over the next few weeks, she lost to Tanya Lee, but defeated Della Morte. This win however, would prove to be her last in 2006, as she lost to Tanya Lee, Kacee Carlisle by disqualification, Portia Perez, and Alicia. On January 27, 2007, at NECW's SnowBrawl show, she challenged Tanya Lee for the World Women's Wrestling Championship, but was unsuccessful. She broke her losing streak at the NECW/WWW show, Pick you Poison, on February 25, when she defeated Portia Perez. At the NECW/WWW 1st Anniversary Spectacular show on March 25, Edwards defeated Mistress Belmont, who was accompanied by Della Morte. After the match, Morte attacked Edwards, and attempted to burn her with a curling iron, but Ariel saved her.Edwards then began challenging for the World Women's Wrestling Championship, defeating the championship Tanya Lee on two separate occasions in non-title matches. When she gained an opportunity to win the championship at the Double Intensity event, however, she was unsuccessful. On August 12, Edwards competed in two matches at a NECW/WWW show. In the first, she lost to Tanya Lee by disqualification in a singles match. In the second, however, she won the championship in a four-way match, defeating Tanya Lee, Natalia and Jana on August 12, 2007. She successfully defended the championship against Tanya Lee, Ariel, Mistress Belmont and Sammi Lane. She lost the championship to Ariel on March 9, 2009, after holding it for a year and a half. She regained the title from Ariel after defeating 10 top WWW stars first to get the title shot. She lost it to Mistress Belmont, who lost it to Edwards on August 8, 2010, in a steel cage match.
<Miracle_Aligner>	"Miracle Aligner" is the fourth single by English band The Last Shadow Puppets from their second studio album, Everything You've Come to Expect. It was released on 28 March 2016 on Domino Records.The song was premiered on Zane Lowe's Beats 1 Radio show, where Zane named it his "World Record" for March 28, 2016. The duo jokingly claimed the song was inspired by a "yoga teacher" and a "make-believe wrestler." Turner then said the idea for the song "had always been around" and "came back in the end." He continued by saying that the song was mostly written by himself and his friend and musician Alexandra Savior and "ended up being under the Shadow Puppets umbrella."
<Amal_Clooney>	Amal Clooney (née Alamuddin; Arabic: أمل علم الدين; born 3 February 1978) is a Lebanese and British barrister.Her clients include Filipino and American journalist Maria Ressa; former President of the Maldives Mohamed Nasheed; Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks; former Prime Minister of Ukraine Yulia Tymoshenko; Egyptian-born Canadian journalist Mohamed Fahmy; and Iraqi activist Nadia Murad.
<Indiana_University>	Indiana University (IU) is a system of public universities in the U.S. state of Indiana.Indiana University has two core campuses, five regional campuses, and two regional centers under the administration of IUPUI. In addition to its core campuses, Indiana University maintains five regional campuses throughout Indiana:
<Philadelphia>	Philadelphia, often called Philly, is the largest city in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, the sixth-largest city in the U.S., the second-largest city in both the Northeast megalopolis and Mid-Atlantic regions after New York City. Since 1854, the city has been coextensive with Philadelphia County, the most populous county in Pennsylvania and the urban core of the Delaware Valley, the nation's seventh-largest and one of world's largest metropolitan regions, with 6.245 million residents as of 2020[update]. The city's population at the 2020 census was 1,603,797, and over 56 million people live within 250 mi (400 km) of Philadelphia.Philadelphia was founded in 1682 by William Penn, an English Quaker. The city served as capital of the Pennsylvania Colony during the British colonial era and went on to play a historic and vital role as the central meeting place for the nation's founding fathers whose plans and actions in Philadelphia ultimately inspired the American Revolution and the nation's independence. Philadelphia hosted the First Continental Congress in 1774 following the Boston Tea Party, preserved the Liberty Bell, and hosted the Second Continental Congress during which the founders signed the Declaration of Independence, which historian Joseph Ellis has described as "the most potent and consequential words in American history". Once the Revolutionary War commenced, both the Battle of Germantown and the Siege of Fort Mifflin were fought within Philadelphia's city limits. The U.S. Constitution was later ratified in Philadelphia at the Philadelphia Convention of 1787. Philadelphia remained the nation's largest city until 1790, when it was surpassed by New York City, and served as the nation's first capital from May 10, 1775, until December 12, 1776, and on four subsequent occasions during and following the American Revolution, including from 1790 to 1800 while the new national capital of Washington, D.C., was under construction.
<William_Woods_Holden>	William Woods Holden (November 24, 1818 – March 1, 1892) was an American politician who served as the 38th and 40th governor of North Carolina. He was appointed by President Andrew Johnson in 1865 for a brief term and then elected in 1868. He served until 1871 and was the leader of the state's Republican Party during the Reconstruction Era.Holden was the second governor in American history to be impeached, and the first to be removed from office through that process. His impeachment was politically motivated due to his suppression of the Ku Klux Klan. After Republicans lost the 1870 election, Democrats impeached him on eight charges for supposed actions during the Kirk–Holden war. He is the only North Carolina governor to have been impeached. In 2011, Holden was posthumously pardoned by the North Carolina Senate.
<Svetlana_Alliluyeva>	Svetlana Iosifovna Alliluyeva (28 February 1926 – 22 November 2011), later known as Lana Peters, was the youngest child and only daughter of Soviet leader Joseph Stalin and his second wife Nadezhda Alliluyeva. In 1967, she became an international sensation when she defected to the United States and, in 1978, became a naturalized citizen. From 1984 to 1986, she briefly returned to the Soviet Union and had her Soviet citizenship reinstated. She was Stalin's last surviving child.Svetlana Stalina was born on 28 February 1926. As her mother was interested in pursuing a professional career, Alexandra Bychokova was hired as a nanny to look after Alliluyeva and her older brother Vasily (born 1921). Alliluyeva and Bychokova became quite close, and remained friends for 30 years, until Bychokova died in 1956.
<C._Hamilton_Sanford>	Charles Hamilton Sanford (May 28, 1873 - February 16, 1942) was born in Cleveland, Ohio, and was president of the Syracuse Trust Company and co-founder of Sanford-Herbert Motor Truck Company in Syracuse, New York.
<Military_Cross>	The Military Cross (MC) is the third-level (second-level pre-1993) military decoration awarded to officers and (since 1993) other ranks of the British Armed Forces, and formerly awarded to officers of other Commonwealth countries.The MC is granted in recognition of "an act or acts of exemplary gallantry during active operations against the enemy on land" to all members of the British Armed Forces of any rank. In 1979, the Queen approved a proposal that a number of awards, including the Military Cross, could be recommended posthumously.
<James_Van_Allen>	James Alfred Van Allen (September 7, 1914 – August 9, 2006) was an American space scientist at the University of Iowa. He was instrumental in establishing the field of magnetospheric research in space.The Van Allen radiation belts were named after him, following his discovery using Geiger–Müller tube instruments on the 1958 satellites (Explorer 1, Explorer 3, and Pioneer 3) during the International Geophysical Year. Van Allen led the scientific community in putting scientific research instruments on space satellites.Van Allen was born on 7 September 1914 on a small farm near Mount Pleasant, Iowa. As a child, he was fascinated by mechanical and electrical devices and was an avid reader of Popular Mechanics and Popular Science magazines. He once horrified his mother by constructing a Tesla coil that produced foot-long sparks and caused his hair to stand on end.
<Cas_Alfonso>	Alfoncius Dapot Parulian Nainggolan (born 23 May 1983) also known as Cas or Casanova Alfonso, is an Indonesian R&B singer.R&B singer Cas, joined such other musicians as Manissedap, Sultan, Emil, Bembi, Rizki and Wizzow in 2006 to produce a solo album by the end of 2009. The album contained 12 singles. He performed songs inspired by his love, Rianti Cartwright, such as "Mingle With You" and "You Got What I Need". On this album, he worked with such musicians as Dewi Sandra, Manissedap, and Davadrian.He and Rianti Cartwright married on 17 September 2010 at Old St. Patrick's Cathedral, New York City. They announced an expected first child in february 2020; Cartwright gave birth to Cara Rose Kanaya, born on July 25, 2020.
<John_Bardeen>	John Bardeen (/bɑːrˈdiːn/; May 23, 1908 – January 30, 1991) was an American physicist and engineer. He is the only person to be awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics twice: first in 1956 with William Shockley and Walter Brattain for the invention of the transistor; and again in 1972 with Leon N. Cooper and John Robert Schrieffer for a fundamental theory of conventional superconductivity known as the BCS theory.The transistor revolutionized the electronics industry, making possible the development of almost every modern electronic device, from telephones to computers, and ushering in the Information Age. Bardeen's developments in superconductivity—for which he was awarded his second Nobel Prize—are used in nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy (NMR), medical magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), and superconducting quantum circuits.
<Paul_Abbott>	Paul Abbott (born 22 February 1960) is an English television screenwriter and producer. Abbott has become one of the most critically and commercially successful television writers working in Britain, following his work on popular series such as Coronation Street, Cracker and Shameless, the last of which he created. He is also responsible for the creation of some of the most acclaimed television dramas of the 1990s and 2000s, including Reckless and Touching Evil for ITV and Clocking Off and State of Play for the BBC.Born into a dysfunctional Burnley family, Paul Abbott is the seventh of eight children. When he was nine his mother left home to pursue a relationship with another man (with a child around Abbott's own age); his father, who Abbott describes as having been "bone idle", departed two years later. His mother had supported the family from three jobs. Abbott and his siblings were in the care of their pregnant seventeen-year-old sister. His father didn't claim benefits for the family, for fear of alerting social services to their abandonment. Although a compulsive truant, Abbott cites his English teacher at Barden High School as an early positive influence.
<Wassily_Leontief>	Wassily Wassilyevich Leontief (Russian: Васи́лий Васи́льевич Лео́нтьев; August 5, 1905 – February 5, 1999), was a Soviet-American economist known for his research on input–output analysis and how changes in one economic sector may affect other sectors.Leontief won the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences in 1973, and four of his doctoral students have also been awarded the prize (Paul Samuelson 1970, Robert Solow 1987, Vernon L. Smith 2002, Thomas Schelling 2005).Wassily Leontief was born on August 5, 1905, in Munich, Germany, the son of Wassily W. Leontief (professor of Economics) and Zlata (German spelling Slata; later Evgenia) Leontief (née Becker). Wassily Leontief Sr. belonged to a family of Russian old-believer merchants living in St. Petersburg since 1741. Evgenia (Genya) Becker belonged to a wealthy Jewish family from Odessa. At 15 in 1921, Wassily Jr. entered University of Leningrad in present-day St. Petersburg. He earned his Learned Economist degree (equivalent to Master of Arts) in 1925 at the age of 19.
<Fox_Broadcasting_Company>	The Fox Broadcasting Company, commonly known simply as Fox and stylized in all caps as FOX, is an American commercial broadcast television network owned by Fox Corporation and headquartered in New York City, with master control operations and additional offices at the Fox Network Center in Los Angeles and the Fox Media Center in Tempe. Launched as a competitor to the Big Three television networks (ABC, CBS, and NBC) on October 9, 1986, Fox went on to become the most successful attempt at a fourth television network. It was the highest-rated free-to-air network in the 18–49 demographic from 2004 to 2012 and again in 2020, and was the most-watched American television network in total viewership during the 2007–08 season.Fox and its affiliated companies operate many entertainment channels in international markets, but these do not necessarily air the same programming as the U.S. network. Most viewers in Canada have access to at least one U.S.-based Fox affiliate, either over the air or through a pay television provider, although Fox's National Football League broadcasts and most of its prime time programming are subject to simultaneous substitution regulations for pay television providers imposed by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) to protect rights held by domestically based networks.
<Omaha,_Nebraska>	Omaha (/ˈoʊməhɑː/ OH-mə-hah) is the largest city in the U.S. state of Nebraska and the county seat of Douglas County. Omaha is in the Midwestern United States on the Missouri River, about 10 mi (15 km) north of the mouth of the Platte River. The nation's 39th-largest city, Omaha's 2020 census population was 486,051.Omaha is the anchor of the eight-county, bi-state Omaha-Council Bluffs metropolitan area. The Omaha Metropolitan Area is the 58th-largest in the United States, with a population of 967,604. The Omaha-Council Bluffs-Fremont, NE-IA Combined Statistical Area (CSA) totaled 1,004,771, according to 2020 estimates. Approximately 1.5 million people reside within the Greater Omaha area, within a 50 mi (80 km) radius of Downtown Omaha. It is ranked as a global city by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network, which in 2020 gave it "sufficiency" status.
<C._F._Powell>	Cecil Frank Powell, FRS (5 December 1903 – 9 August 1969) was a British physicist, and Nobel Prize in Physics laureate for heading the team that developed the photographic method of studying nuclear processes and for the resulting discovery of the pion (pi-meson), a subatomic particle.Powell was born in Tonbridge, Kent, England, the son Frank and Elizabeth Caroline (née Bisacre) Powell. His father was a gunsmith. He was educated at a local primary school before gaining a scholarship to the Judd School, Tonbridge. Following this he attended Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge, graduating in 1925 in Natural Sciences. After completing his bachelor's degree he worked at the Cavendish Laboratory, Cambridge, under C.T.R. Wilson and Lord Rutherford, conducting research into condensation phenomena, and gaining his PhD in Physics in 1929.
<Shin_Sang-ok>	Shin Sang-ok (Korean: 신상옥; born Shin Tae-seo; October 11, 1926 – April 11, 2006) was a South Korean filmmaker with more than 100 producer and 70 director credits to his name. His best-known films were made in the 1950s and 60s, many of them collaborations with his wife Choi Eun-hee, when he was known as "The Prince of South Korean Cinema". He received the Gold Crown Cultural Medal, the country's top honor for an artist. In 1978, Shin and Choi were kidnapped by North Korean leader, Kim Jong-il, for the purpose of producing critically acclaimed films. The two remained in captivity for 8 years until 1986, when they escaped and sought asylum in the United States. Shin continued to produce and direct films in America, now under the pseudonym "Simon Sheen", before eventually returning to South Korea for his final years.The son of a prominent doctor of Korean medicine, Shin was born Shin Tae-seo (Korean: 신태서) was born in Chongjin, in the northeastern part of the Korean Peninsula, at the time occupied by Japan and currently a part of North Korea. Shin studied in Japan at Tokyo Fine Arts School, the predecessor of Tokyo National University of Fine Arts and Music, before returning to Korea three years later.
<H._Wesley_Kenney>	Harold Wesley Kenney, Jr. (January 3, 1926 – January 13, 2015) was an American television producer and director whose career extended from the medium's formative years in the early 1950s, into the 2000s, and included thousands of episodes, both primetime and daytime, as well as five Emmy wins and eight nominations. He was frequently billed as Wes Kenney.Shortly after graduating from Carnegie Mellon University’s College of Engineering in 1951, Kenney was hired by the DuMont Television Network. According to the 2004 book The Forgotten Network: DuMont and the Birth of American Television, Kenney directed up to twelve different broadcasts each day during his career at the network and its flagship station WABD. This was because most of DuMont's programs were broadcast live, and were often done on small budgets. From 1950 to 1954 he directed many episodes of Rocky King Detective.  Kenney continued to direct many programs after DuMont's dissolution in 1956.He is best known for his work on soap operas, producing and directing Days of Our Lives from 1968 to 1979, and then becoming Co-Executive Producer of The Young and the Restless, a spot he held from 1982 to 1987. Under Kenney's run as Y&R's Co-Executive Producer, he helped the show win three Daytime Emmys for Outstanding Drama Series in 1983, 1985, and 1986. From 1987 to 1989, Kenney replaced the legendary Gloria Monty as Executive Producer of General Hospital. He became General Hospital's Head Writer during the 1988 WGA strike.
<Maddie_Corman>	Maddie Corman (born Madeleine Cornman; August 15, 1970) is an American actress. She has appeared in over 25 films, including Seven Minutes in Heaven, Some Kind of Wonderful, The Adventures of Ford Fairlane and A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood.Corman was born Madeleine Cornman in Manhattan, New York. She began her career as a child actress in the 1980s, at the age of 14. Corman's first television appearance was in the 1985 ABC Afterschool Special episode "I Want to Go Home", where she co-starred with John Getz, Seth Green and Marge Redmond.That same year, she was cast in the Linda Feferman-directed teen comedy-drama motion picture Seven Minutes in Heaven. Corman starred opposite actress Jennifer Connelly as Polly Franklin, Connelly's character's intervening and overzealous best friend who is in love with a Major League Baseball player named Zoo Knudsen (Billy Wirth).
<New_Era_Party>	The New Era Party (Latvian: Jaunais laiks, JL) was a centre-right political party in Latvia. Founded in 2002, the party merged with Civic Union and Society for Other Politics to form Unity in 2011.
<Shortland_Street>	Shortland Street is a New Zealand prime-time soap opera centring on the fictitious Shortland Street Hospital, first broadcast on TVNZ 2 on 25 May 1992. It is New Zealand's longest-running drama and soap opera, being broadcast continuously for over 7,500 episodes and 30 years, and is one of the most watched television programmes in New Zealand.The show was originally screened as five half-hour episodes each week and initially receiving mixed reviews on its premiere. After its launch, it dropped in ratings and would have been cancelled if TVNZ had not ordered a year's worth of episodes in advance. TVNZ renewed the production in early 1993 when the show's rating had picked up, and it now has "long-term public enthusiasm". Today, it is one of New Zealand's highest-rated shows, frequently making AGB Nielsen Media Research's top 5 programmes of the week[citation needed], achieving an average linear daily reach of 345,000 viewers (in the year up to June 2021) and is TVNZ's "most streamed show".
<The_Dice_Man>	The Dice Man is a 1971 novel by English novelist George Cockcroft, writing under the pen name, "Luke Rhinehart". The book tells the story of a psychiatrist who makes daily decisions based on the casting of a diсe. Cockcroft describes the origin of the title idea variously in interviews, once recalling a college "quirk" he and friends used to decide "what they were going to do that night" based on a die-roll, or sometimes to decide between mildly mischievous pranks. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy user site describes the novel as a book that was viewed as subversive, as having "anti-psychiatry sentiment", and as "reflecting the mood of the early 1970s in permissiveness".[better source needed] It has content that includes the protagonist's decisions to engage in rape and murder, and is described as having been "banned in several countries".[better source needed]At the time of its publication, "[i]t was not clear whether the book was fiction or autobiography", all the more because the protagonist and the alleged author were eponymous; both were described as having the same profession (psychiatry), and elements of the described lives of both (e.g., places of residence, date of birth) were also in common; hence, curiosity over its authorship have persisted since its publication. Years later, in 1999, Emmanuel Carrère, writing for The Guardian, presented a long-form expose on Cockroft and the relationship between author and legend, disclosing him as a life-long English professor living "in an old farmhouse with a yard that slopes down to a duck pond", a husband of fifty-years, father of three, and a caregiver to a special-needs child.On its initial publication, the cover bore the confident subheader, "Few novels can change your life. This one will"; in the United States this was altered to read, "This book will change your life".[better source needed] The book quickly became,[verification needed] and remains thought of[by whom?] as a cult classic.[better source needed] Writing in 2017 for The Guardian, Tanya Gold noted that "over the course of 45 years" it was still in print, had become famous, had devoted fans, and had "sold more than 2m copies in multiple languages". As well, it has been republished a number of times.[clarification needed] It initially sold poorly in the United States, but well in Europe, particularly England, Sweden, Denmark, and Spain. Cockroft continued themes of the book[clarification needed] in two other novels, Adventures of Wim (1986) and The Search for the Dice Man (1993),[citation needed] and in a companion title, The Book of the Die (2000), none of which achieved the commercial success of The Dice Man.
<Gestural_Variations>	Gestural Variations, Op. 43, is a trio composition by Graham Waterhouse in 1997 originally for oboe, bassoon and piano. Later versions are scored for clarinet, cello and piano (1999) and flute, cello and piano (2009).The composition of about 14 minutes presents a theme with six character variations, framed by an introduction and a postlude. Each variation expresses a movement or gesture similar to a mime artist or a dancer.
<Dylan_McDermott>	Dylan McDermott (born Mark Anthony McDermott; October 26, 1961) is an American actor. He is known for his role as lawyer and law firm head Bobby Donnell on the legal drama series The Practice, which earned him a Golden Globe Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series – Drama and a nomination for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series.McDermott is also known for his roles in four seasons (first, second, eighth and ninth) of the FX horror anthology series American Horror Story, subtitled Murder House, Asylum, Apocalypse, and 1984 portraying Ben Harmon, Johnny Morgan and Bruce, respectively. He also starred as narcotics crime lord Richard Wheatley on the Law & Order: Special Victims Unit spinoff Law & Order: Organized Crime; Lt. Carter Shaw on the TNT series Dark Blue; in two short-lived CBS dramas, Hostages and Stalker; and in the 1994 remake of the film Miracle on 34th Street. In 2022, he joined FBI: Most Wanted as the new lead, replacing the departing Julian McMahon.
<Simon_Le_Bon>	Simon John Charles Le Bon (born 27 October 1958) is a British singer. He is best known as the lead vocalist and lyricist of the new wave band Duran Duran and its offshoot Arcadia. Le Bon has received three Ivor Novello Awards from the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors, including the award for Outstanding Contribution to British Music.
<Enrico_Bombieri>	Enrico Bombieri (born 26 November 1940, Milan) is an Italian mathematician, known for his work in analytic number theory, Diophantine geometry, complex analysis, and group theory. Bombieri is currently Professor Emeritus in the School of Mathematics at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey.Bombieri won the Fields Medal in 1974 for his contributions to large sieve mathematics, conceptualized by Linnick 1941, and its application to the distribution of prime numbers.Bombieri published his first mathematical paper in 1957 when he was 16 years old. In 1963 at age 22 he earned his first degree (Laurea) in mathematics from the Università degli Studi di Milano under the supervision of Giovanni Ricci and then studied at Trinity College, Cambridge with Harold Davenport.Bombieri was an assistant professor (1963–1965) and then a full professor (1965–1966) at the Università di Cagliari, at the Università di Pisa in 1966–1974, and then at the Scuola Normale Superiore di Pisa in 1974–1977. From Pisa he emigrated in 1977 to the USA, where he became a professor at the School of Mathematics at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey. In 2011 he became professor emeritus.
<Royal_Medal>	The Royal Medal, also known as The Queen's Medal and The King's Medal (depending on the gender of the monarch at the time of the award), is a silver-gilt medal, of which three are awarded each year by the Royal Society, two for "the most important contributions to the advancement of natural knowledge" and one for "distinguished contributions in the applied sciences", done within the Commonwealth of Nations.The award was created by George IV and awarded first during 1826. Initially there were two medals awarded, both for the most important discovery within the year previous, a time period which was lengthened to five years and then shortened to three. The format was endorsed by William IV and Victoria, who had the conditions changed during 1837 so that mathematics was a subject for which a Royal Medal could be awarded, albeit only every third year. The conditions were changed again during 1850 so that:... the Royal Medals in each year should be awarded for the two most important contributions to the advancement of Natural Knowledge, published originally in Her Majesty's dominions within a period of not more than ten years and not less than one year of the date of the award, subject, of course, to Her Majesty's approval. ... in the award of the Royal Medals, one should be given in each of the two great divisions of Natural Knowledge.
<Sandvika_Station>	Sandvika Station (Norwegian: Sandvika stasjon) is a railway station located at Sandvika in Bærum, Norway. Situated on the Drammen Line, 14.14 kilometers (8.79 mi) from Oslo S, it also an intermediate station of the Asker Line. Vy serves the station with local and regional, with about 7,000 passengers using the station daily. It is also served by the Airport Express Train and serves as the main bus terminal for the town. The station is elevated and has two island platforms and four tracks.The station opened along with the Drammen Line on 7 October 1872, until 1922 being named Sandviken. The original station building was designed by Georg Andreas Bull in Swiss chalet style. The station underwent a renewal from 1917 to 1922, receiving gauge conversion to standard gauge, electrification. A new station building designed by Gudmund Hoel opened in 1919. The tracks east of the station were doubled in 1922, the line westwards in 1958. A new, four-track station building opened in 1994, designed by Arne Henriksen. The Asker Line opened in two stages, in 2005 and 2011.Construction of the Drammen Line was passed by Parliament on 16 June 1869.  As one of the municipalities through which the railway was to run, Bærum was expected to buy shares in the railway company. Of the total cost of 1.6 million Norwegian speciedaler, the municipalities had to buy for 260,000. Bærum bought shares for 2000 speciedaler, but was unable to pay all its dues. It therefore borrowed the money from its midwife fund and issued a new tax of 8 shillings per house to finance it.
<Forbidden_Zone>	Forbidden Zone is an American absurdist musical fantasy comedy film produced and directed by Richard Elfman, and co-written by Elfman and Matthew Bright. Shot in 1977 and 1978, the film premiered in 1980 and was distributed in 1982. Originally shot on black-and-white film, Forbidden Zone is based upon the stage performances of the Los Angeles theater troupe The Mystic Knights of the Oingo Boingo, of which Elfman, Bright and many of the cast and crew were a part, and revolves around an alternate universe accessed through a door in the house of the Hercules family.The composing debut of Danny Elfman, it stars Hervé Villechaize, Susan Tyrrell and members of the Mystic Knights, with appearances by Warhol superstar Viva, Joe Spinell and The Kipper Kids. Villechaize kicked his cheque back into production and even painted sets on weekends. The only paid actor was Phil Gordon, who played Flash; all the other SAG actors put their money back into the show.
<John_Frederic_Daniell>	John Frederic Daniell FRS (12 March 1790 – 13 March 1845) was an English chemist and physicist.Daniell was born in London. In 1831 he became the first professor of chemistry at the newly founded King's College London; and in 1835 he was appointed to the equivalent post at the East India Company's Military Seminary at Addiscombe, Surrey. His name is best known for his invention of the Daniell cell, an element of an electric battery much better than voltaic cells. He also invented the dew-point hygrometer known by his name, and a register pyrometer; and in 1830 he erected in the hall of the Royal Society a water-barometer, with which he carried out a large number of observations. A process devised by him for the manufacture of illuminating gas from turpentine and resin was in use in New York City for a time.In 1842 he was awarded an honorary Doctorate of Civil Law by the University of Oxford.
<Grays_Athletic_F.C.>	Grays Athletic Football Club is a football club based in Grays, Essex, England. They are currently members of the Isthmian League North Division and play at Parkside in nearby Aveley.The club was established as Grays Juniors in 1890, before merging with former Southern League club Grays United to form Grays Athletic. The newly formed club joined the Grays & District League, later joining Division Two B of the South Essex League in 1908. They were runners-up in their first season in the division and won it in their second season, earning promotion to Division One for the 1909–10 season. The club were founder members of the Athenian League in 1912, but the league closed down in 1914 due to World War I and Grays transferred to the Premier Division (Amateur) of the London League. They won the division in their first season, with the reserves also winning Division One. The league was suspended at the end of the 1914–15 season, with Grays rejoining in the Premier Division when it restarted in 1919–20.
<Government_of_the_United_Kingdom>	Charles III
<James_Flavin>	James William Flavin Jr. (May 14, 1906 – April 23, 1976) was an American character actor whose career lasted for nearly half a century.The son of a hotel waiter of Canadian-English descent,[citation needed] the Portland, Maine-born Flavin attended the United States Military Academy, where he played football.
<The_Samuel_Goldwyn_Company>	The Samuel Goldwyn Company was an American independent film company founded by Samuel Goldwyn Jr., the son of the famous Hollywood mogul, Samuel Goldwyn, in 1978.The company originally distributed and acquired art-house films from around the world to U.S. audiences; they soon added original productions to their roster as well, starting with The Golden Seal in 1983.In succeeding years, the Goldwyn company was able to obtain (from Samuel Sr.'s estate) the rights to all films produced under the elder Goldwyn's supervision, including the original Bulldog Drummond (1929), Arrowsmith (1931), and Guys and Dolls (1955). The company also acquired some distribution rights to several films and television programs that were independently produced but released by other companies, including Sayonara, the Hal Roach–produced Laurel & Hardy–starring vehicle Babes in Toyland (1934), the Flipper TV series produced by MGM Television, the Academy Award–winning Tom Jones (1963), and the Rodgers and Hammerstein film productions of South Pacific (1958) and Oklahoma! (1955), as well as the CBS Television adaptation of Cinderella (1965).
<Progressive_Conservative_Party_of_Ontario>	The Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario (French: Parti progressiste-conservateur de l'Ontario), often shortened to the Ontario PC Party or simply the PCs, colloquially known as the Tories, is a centre-right political party in Ontario, Canada.The PC Party has historically embraced Red Toryism and centrism, ideologies that were prominent during their uninterrupted governance from 1943 to 1985; government intervention in the economy was significant and spending on health care and education dramatically increased. In the 1990s, the party underwent a shift to Blue Toryism after the election of Mike Harris as leader, who was premier from 1995 to 2002 and favoured a "Common Sense Revolution" platform of cutting taxes and government spending while balancing the budget through small government. The PCs lost power in 2003 though came back into power with a majority government in 2018 under Doug Ford.The first Conservative Party in Upper Canada was made up of United Empire Loyalists and supporters of the wealthy Family Compact that ruled the colony. Once responsible government was granted in response to the 1837 Rebellions, the Tories emerged as moderate reformers who opposed the radical policies of the Reformers and then the Clear Grits.
<King_Kong_(1976_film)>	King Kong is a 1976 American monster adventure film produced by Dino De Laurentiis and directed by John Guillermin. It is a modernized remake of the 1933 film about a giant ape that is captured and taken to New York City for exhibition. It stars Jeff Bridges, Charles Grodin, and Jessica Lange in her first film role, and features mechanical effects by Carlo Rambaldi and makeup effects by Rick Baker. It's the 5th entry in the King Kong franchise.The idea to remake King Kong was conceived by Michael Eisner, who was then an ABC executive, in 1974. He separately proposed the idea to Universal Pictures CEO Sidney Sheinberg and Paramount Pictures CEO Barry Diller. Dino De Laurentiis quickly acquired the film rights from RKO-General and subsequently hired television writer Lorenzo Semple, Jr. to write the script. John Guillermin was hired as director and filming lasted from January to August 1976. Before the film's release, Universal Pictures sued De Laurentiis and RKO-General alleging breach of contract, and attempted to develop their own remake of King Kong. In response, De Laurentiis and RKO-General filed separate countersuits against Universal Pictures, all of which were withdrawn by January 1976.
<Semiotics_of_the_Kitchen>	Semiotics of the Kitchen is a feminist parody single-channel video and performance piece released in 1975 by Martha Rosler. The video, which runs six minutes, is considered a critique of the commodified versions of traditional women's roles in modern society.Featuring Rosler as a generic cooking show host, the camera observes as she presents an array of kitchen hand utensils, many of them outdated or strange. After identifying them, she demonstrates unproductive, and sometimes violent, uses for each. It uses a largely static camera and a plain set.Letter by letter, Rosler navigates a culinary lexicon, using a different kitchen implement for each step along the way. She begins with an apron, which she ties around her waist, and, with deadpan humor, journeys through the alphabet, until the last few letters. For these, U, V, W, X, Y, and Z, the implements are dispensed with and Rosler's gestures and body become a signal system themselves. The Z replicates the mark of Zorro, a filmic reference. At the end of the entire work, the artist offers a shrug, somehow defusing the negative reading of the parody. The focus on linguistics, semiotics, and words is important, since Rosler intended the video to challenge "the familiar system of everyday kitchen meanings -- the securely understood signs of domestic industry and food production."
<Propaganda_(book)>	Propaganda, an influential book written by Edward L. Bernays in 1928, incorporated the literature from social science and psychological manipulation into an examination of the techniques of public communication. Bernays wrote the book in response to the success of some of his earlier works such as Crystallizing Public Opinion (1923) and A Public Relations Counsel (1927). Propaganda explored the psychology behind manipulating masses and the ability to use symbolic action and propaganda to influence politics, effect social change, and lobby for gender and racial equality. Walter Lippman was Bernays' unacknowledged American mentor and his work The Phantom Public greatly influenced the ideas expressed in Propaganda a year later. The work propelled Bernays into media historians' view of him as the "father of public relations."Chapters one through six address the complex relationship between human psychology, democracy, and corporations. Bernays' thesis is that "invisible" people who create knowledge and propaganda rule over the masses, with a monopoly on the power to shape thoughts, values, and citizen response. "Engineering consent" of the masses would be vital for the survival of democracy. Bernays explains:"The conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses is an important element in democratic society. Those who manipulate this unseen mechanism of society constitute an invisible government which is the true ruling power of our country. We are governed, our minds are molded, our tastes formed, our ideas suggested, largely by men we have never heard of."
<F._Albert_Cotton>	Frank Albert Cotton FRS (April 9, 1930 – February 20, 2007) was an American chemist. He was the W.T. Doherty-Welch Foundation Chair and Distinguished Professor of Chemistry at Texas A&M University.  He authored over 1600 scientific articles. Cotton was recognized for his research on the chemistry of the transition metals.Frank Albert Cotton (known as "Al" Cotton, or "F Albert" on publications) was born on April 9, 1930, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.  He attended local public schools before Drexel University and then Temple University.  After earning his BA degree from Temple in 1951, Cotton pursued a Ph.D. thesis under the guidance of Sir Geoffrey Wilkinson at Harvard University where he worked on metallocenes. He received his Ph.D in 1955.Following his graduation from Harvard, Cotton began teaching at MIT.  In 1961, at thirty-one years of age, he became the youngest person to have received a full professorship at MIT.  His work emphasized both electronic structure and chemical synthesis.  He pioneered the study of multiple bonding between transition metal atoms, starting with research on rhenium halides, and in 1964 identified the quadruple bond in the Re2Cl2−8 ion.  His work soon focused on other metal-metal bonded species, elucidating the structure of chromium(II) acetate.
<Susan_Gubar>	Susan D. Gubar (born November 30, 1944) is an American author and distinguished Professor Emerita of English and Women's Studies at Indiana University. She is best known for co-authoring the landmark feminist literary study The Madwoman in the Attic: The Woman Writer and the Nineteenth-Century Literary Imagination (1979) with Sandra Gilbert. She has also written a trilogy on women's writing in the 20th century. Her honours include the Ivan Sandrof Lifetime Achievement Award.Gubar received an BA from the City College of New York, an MA from the University of Michigan, and a PhD from the University of Iowa.
<Cyril_Norman_Hinshelwood>	Sir Cyril Norman Hinshelwood OM PRS (19 June 1897 – 9 October 1967) was a British physical chemist and expert in chemical kinetics. His work in reaction mechanisms earned the 1956 Nobel Prize in chemistry.Born in London, his parents were Norman Macmillan Hinshelwood, a chartered accountant, and Ethel Frances née Smith. He was educated first in Canada, returning in 1905 on the death of his father to a small flat in Chelsea where he lived for the rest of his life. He then studied at Westminster City School and Balliol College, Oxford.
<Finnmark_County_Municipality>	Finnmark County Municipality (Norwegian: Finnmark fylkeskommune, Northern Sami: Finnmárkku fylkkagielda) was the regional governing administration for the old Finnmark county in Norway. It was dissolved on 31 December 2019 when Finnmark county was merged into Troms og Finnmark county starting on 1 January 2020. The administration was located in the town of Vadsø and was led by a county council.  The last mayor of the county was Runar Sjåstad from 2007 until 2019.Since 1975, the county council of Finnmark was a democratically elected body with a wide range of responsibilities for the whole county. These responsibilities included economic and social development, construction and maintenance of county roads, upper secondary education, dental services, and cultural services.  In performing its tasks, the county administration worked closely with the municipalities of Finnmark as well as other public institutions. Elections for the county council were held every four years, simultaneously with the municipal elections.The Finnmark county council (Norwegian: Fylkestinget) was made up of 31 representatives that were elected every four years. The council essentially acted as a Parliament or legislative body for the county. The council was led by a county mayor (Norwegian: Fylkesordfører).
<Shashi_Tharoor>	Shashi Tharoor (IPA: [ʃɐʃi t̪ɐɾuːr]; SHUH-shee thǝ-ROOR; born 9 March 1956 in London, England ) is an Indian former international civil servant, diplomat, Bureaucrat and politician, writer and public intellectual who has been serving as Member of Parliament for Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala, since 2009. He is the Chairman of the Standing Committee on Chemicals and Fertilizers. He was formerly Under-Secretary General of the United Nations and unsuccessfully ran for the post of Secretary-General in 2006. Founder-Chairman of All India Professionals Congress, he formerly served as Chairman of the Parliamentary Standing Committee on External Affairs and on Informational Technology.Born in London, UK, and raised in India, Tharoor worked across the world, graduating from St. Stephen's College, Delhi in 1975 and culminated his studies in 1978 with a doctorate in International Relations and Affairs from the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, Tufts University. At the age of 22, he was the youngest person at the time to receive such an honour from the Fletcher School. From 1978 to 2007, Tharoor was a career official at the United Nations, rising to the rank of Under-Secretary General for Communications and Public Information in 2001. He announced his retirement after finishing second in the 2006 selection for U.N. Secretary-General to Ban Ki-moon.
<University_of_the_West_Indies>	The University of the West Indies (UWI), originally University College of the West Indies, is a public university system established to serve the higher education needs of the residents of 17 English-speaking countries and territories in the Caribbean: Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, The Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Bermuda, British Virgin Islands, Cayman Islands, Dominica, Grenada, Guyana, Jamaica, Montserrat, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Trinidad and Tobago, and Turks and Caicos Islands.Each country is either a member of the Commonwealth of Nations or a British Overseas Territory. The aim of the university is to help "unlock the potential for economic and cultural growth" in the West Indies, thus allowing improved regional autonomy. The university was originally instituted as an independent external college of the University of London.The university has produced students who have excelled in a number of disciplines such as the arts and sciences, business, politics, and sports. Notable alumni and faculty include three Nobel Laureates, 72 Rhodes Scholars, three Gates Cambridge Scholarship winners, one Emmy award winner, one Man Booker Prize winner, one American Book Award winner, multiple Commonwealth Short Story Prize winners, 18 current or former Caribbean Heads of Government, two Olympic gold medallists, among other award winners. The university's cricket team previously participated in West Indian domestic cricket, but now participates as part of a Combined Campuses and Colleges team.
<Gene_Taylor_(Mississippi_politician)>	Gary Eugene Taylor (born September 17, 1953) is an American politician who was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1989 to 2011 and previously a member of the Mississippi Senate from 1983 to 1989. He was defeated for re-election in 2010 by State Representative Steven Palazzo. In 2014, he changed his long-time membership from the Democratic Party, becoming a Republican. The same year, he ran for election against Palazzo to return to the House of Representatives. Securing only 43 percent of the vote, Taylor lost in the primary.Following his congressional career, Taylor served on the Hancock County Port and Harbor Commission until 2014. He consulted for the defense industry before becoming a director for Overseas Shipholding Group in 2018.Taylor was born in New Orleans on September 17, 1953. He attended De La Salle High School, graduating in 1971. He graduated from Tulane University in 1976 where he majored in political science and history. He completed additional post-graduate work in business and economics at the University of Southern Mississippi from 1978 through 1980.
<Mary_of_Scotland_(film)>	Mary of Scotland is a 1936 RKO film starring Katharine Hepburn as the 16th-century ruler Mary, Queen of Scots. Directed by John Ford, it is an adaptation of the 1933 Maxwell Anderson play, with Fredric March reprising the role of Bothwell, which he also performed on stage during the run of play. The screenplay was written by Dudley Nichols. Ginger Rogers wanted to play this role and made a screen test, but RKO rejected her request to be cast in the part feeling that the role was not suitable to her image.Note: Someone copied this plot summary from the TCM.com article. Wikipedia forbids this.Mary (Katharine Hepburn), by assuming her throne as queen of Scotland, strikes terror into the heart of Queen Elizabeth I (Florence Eldridge). After languishing in jail for 18 years at Elizabeth's command, Mary is offered a pardon if she will sign away her throne. Will she accept the deal, or die instead?
<Derek_Bell_(physician)>	Derek Bell OBE FRCPE is Professor of Acute Medicine at Imperial College London.  Bell is the director of the National Institute for Health Research (NIHR) CLAHRC for Northwest London. He was President (2014 - 2020) of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh, elected in November 2013 he took office on 1 March 2014 succeeding Neil Dewhurst. He was re-elected for a second term on 24 November 2016. He was awarded an OBE in the 2018 New Year Honours for services to Unscheduled Care and Quality Improvement.He studied at the University of Edinburgh graduating in 1980, and was the UK's first Professor of Acute Medicine. He was elected as the inaugural President of the Society for Acute Medicine (SAM) in 2000, in 2013 he was awarded an Honorary Life Fellowship to SAM.
<Public_Transport_Commission>	The Public Transport Commission (PTC) was an agency of the Government of New South Wales responsible for the provision of rail, bus and ferry services in New South Wales, Australia from October 1972 until June 1980.Upon dissolution, responsibility for rail services transferred to the State Rail Authority and responsibility for bus and ferry services to the Urban Transit Authority.
<James_A._Yorke>	James A. Yorke (born August 3, 1941) is a Distinguished University Research Professor of Mathematics and Physics and former chair of the Mathematics Department at the University of Maryland, College Park.Born in Plainfield, New Jersey, United States, Yorke attended The Pingry School, then located in Hillside, New Jersey. Yorke is now a Distinguished University Research Professor of Mathematics and Physics with the Institute for Physical Science and Technology at the University of Maryland. In June 2013, Dr. Yorke retired as chair of the University of Maryland's Math department. He devotes his university efforts to collaborative research in chaos theory and genomics.He and Benoit Mandelbrot were the recipients of the 2003 Japan Prize in Science and Technology: Yorke was selected for his work in chaotic systems. In 2003 He was elected a Fellow of the American Physical Society.   and in 2012 became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.
<St._Lawrence_Market_South>	The St. Lawrence Market South building is a major public market building in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is located on the southwest corner of Front and Lower Jarvis Streets. Along with the St. Lawrence Market North and St. Lawrence Hall, it comprises the St. Lawrence Market complex. The current building was opened in 1902, incorporating the 1845 Toronto City Hall building into the structure. The building was restored during the 1970s.The building has two main floors. The upper floor is the primary space and it extends through the full length of the building. It is one large open space with a large overhanging roof structure, and windows on each side. The lower level is partly underground, opening to the outdoors on the south end of the building. The lower floor does not extend the full length of the building. The market is located on the edge of the former lake shore, and the elevation drops over 10 feet (3.0 m) between the north and south ends. The south end of the lower floor opens to ground level at The Esplanade street. Surrounding the building along the east, west and south sides is a mezzanine, where seating and tables are available. On the upper floor, over 50 vendors sell fruits, vegetables, meats and cheeses daily, while the lower floor has a portion that is non-food. Each vendor has an allotted stall space and there are several aisles. Several stalls sell sandwiches, such as the staple back bacon sandwich, and beverages such as coffee and tea. There are also craft and art vendors and kitchen supplies.
<Cox_Enterprises>	Cox Enterprises, Inc. is a privately held global conglomerate headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, United States, with approximately 55,000 employees and $21 billion in total revenue. Its major operating subsidiaries are Cox Communications and Cox Automotive. The company's major national brands include AutoTrader, Kelley Blue Book, Manheim Auctions and more.Through Cox Automotive, the company's international operations stretch across Asia, Australia, Europe and Latin America. Cox Enterprises is currently led by Alexander C. Taylor, a fourth-generation Cox family member and great-grandson of founder James M. Cox. James M. Cox's grandson, James C. Kennedy, and other members of the Cox family are on the company's board of directors.On March 2, 2020, the sale of Cox Media Group's Ohio newspapers was finalized back to Cox Enterprises, and subsequently formed Cox First Media. This move was to ensure the publications would remain daily newspapers serving the southwest Ohio region.
<Seth_Zvi_Rosenfeld>	Seth Zvi Rosenfeld (born November 16, 1961) is an American playwright, TV writer/producer and filmmaker. Seth credits a youth cemented to a loud corner on Amsterdam Avenue in NYC with setting his imagination afire. A lot of his early work both in plays and film are love-letters to that corner. That would include the Play Servy-N-Bernice 4Ever and the films A Brother's Kiss, King of the Jungle and the NetFlix series The Get Down. It has been said that his work chronicles the collisions of cultures in Urban America.Rosenfeld was born in New York City and was raised in the Bronx and Manhattan. His early interests included graffiti, poetry, and basketball, all of which figure prominently in Rosenfeld's work. Formerly, he was married to actress and activist Rosie Perez. He was then married to Kerri-Ann McCalla, a Jamaican-born screenwriter and film producer, until her passing of natural causes in 2018.Rosenfeld began his career as a playwright with the Ensemble Studio Theatre and the now defunct Double Image and Angel Theatre companies. His first project was the play entitled The Writing on the Wall, produced by the Westbeth Theatre Center and for which New Line Cinema purchased the rights. Other plays include The Blackeyed Brothers, which won the Samuel French short play award and was produced by Double Image Theatre; A Brother's Kiss and After the Marching Stopped, produced by Angel Theatre at Intar and retitled Brothers Mothers and Others; Servy-n-Bernice 4ever, directed by Terry Kinney and produced commercially Off-Broadway at the Provincetown Playhouse; A Passover Story, commissioned by the late Joseph Papp for The Public Theater; The Flatted Fifth, Everything is Turning Into Beautiful, and Downtown Race Riot, produced by The New Group. Other works include the tiny plays La Familia, My Starship, and PS: I'm glad you sent your hair for Naked Angels and the Hip-Hop Theatre festival. Many of his plays have been published by Samuel French. His play Handball was workshopped by New York Stage and Film before being produced at Summerstage in New York City.
<Orlando_Sá>	Orlando Carlos Braga de Sá (born 26 May 1988) is a Portuguese retired professional footballer who played as a striker.After spending his early career with Braga and Porto, appearing sparingly for both, he travelled abroad in 2011, going on to represent clubs in England, Cyprus, Poland, Israel, Belgium, China and Spain and win the Ekstraklasa and the Polish Cup with Legia Warsaw.
<Edward_Gordon_Craig>	Edward Henry Gordon Craig CH OBE (born Edward Godwin; 16 January 1872 – 29 July 1966), sometimes known as Gordon Craig, was an English modernist theatre practitioner; he worked as an actor, director and scenic designer, as well as developing an influential body of theoretical writings.  Craig was the son of actress Dame Ellen Terry.The Gordon Craig Theatre, built in Stevenage (the town of his birth), was named in his honour in 1975.
<Jenn_Brown>	Jennifer Lynne Brown (born March 23, 1981) is an American sports broadcaster and television host. A former Division I Collegiate Athlete for the University of Florida, she spent eight years as a reporter and host for ESPN and American Ninja Warrior.Brown spent two years working for the NFL Network as a studio host and reporter. She also served as a reporter for College GameDay, the College World Series, Little League World Series, Summer and Winter X Games, and the ESPYs. She was a Los Angeles-based Bureau reporter for ESPN contributing interviews and reports for ESPN’s news-gathering operation for SportsCenter, College GameDay and College Football Live. She co-hosted ESPNU's college football show RoadTrip with Jonathan Drubner.
<Friedrich_Gorenstein>	Friedrich Gorenstein (Russian: Фридрих Наумович Горенштейн, tr. Fridrikh Naumovich Gorenshteyn; 1932 – 2002) was a Ukrainian Jewish author and screenwriter. His works primarily deal with Stalinism, anti-Semitism, and the philosophical-religious view of a peaceful coexistence between Jews and Christians.Gorenstein was born in a family of Ukrainian Jews, his father, Naum Isaevich Gorenstein (1902—1937),  was a professor of political economy. His mother, Enna Abramovna Prilutskaya,  was an educator.  During the Stalinist repressions,  his father was arrested in 1935 and sent to GULAG. He was shot in 1937 after trying to escape.   After the arrest of his father, his mother changed Friedrich’s name to  (Felix Prilutsky). He later regained his original name.  His mother was the director of a home for juvenile offenders in Berdichev, Ukraine.  During the Nazi invasion of 1941, he and his mother were evacuated to Orenburg in the Urals. His mother died of tuberculosis in 1943 in Orenburg. Friedrich was placed in an orphanage.  After the war,  he was raised by his aunts, Zloty and Rachel,  in Berdichev.Following World War II, Gorenstein struggled as an unskilled worker, until Nikita Khrushchev's De-Stalinization allowed him to return to Kiev. He studied mining in Dnipropetrovsk in the 1950s and worked as a miner and mining engineer in the Ural Mountains and Ukraine.
<Robert_Lowery_(actor)>	Robert Lowery (born Robert Lowery Hanks, October 17, 1913 – December 26, 1971) was an American motion picture, television, and stage actor who appeared in more than 70 films.Born in Kansas City, Missouri, Lowery grew up on Wayne Avenue near the long-demolished Electric Park. Lowery's father was a local attorney and oil investor who worked several years for the Pullman Corporation as a railroad agent; his mother, Leah Thompson Hanks, was a concert pianist.[citation needed]Syndicated newspaper columnist Harrison Carroll reported that Lowery was "a direct descendant of Nancy Hanks" (Lincoln).
<Stockholm>	Stockholm (Swedish: [ˈstɔ̂kː(h)ɔlm] (listen)) is the capital and largest city of Sweden as well as the largest urban area in Scandinavia. Approximately 980,000 people live in the municipality, with 1.6 million in the urban area, and 2.4 million in the metropolitan area. The city stretches across fourteen islands where Lake Mälaren flows into the Baltic Sea. Outside the city to the east, and along the coast, is the island chain of the Stockholm archipelago. The area has been settled since the Stone Age, in the 6th millennium BC, and was founded as a city in 1252 by Swedish statesman Birger Jarl. It is also the county seat of Stockholm County. For several hundred years, Stockholm was the capital of Finland as well (Finnish: Tukholma), which then was a part of Sweden. The population of the municipality of Stockholm is expected to reach one million people in 2024.Stockholm is the cultural, media, political, and economic centre of Sweden. The Stockholm region alone accounts for over a third of the country's GDP, and is among the top 10 regions in Europe by GDP per capita. Ranked as an alpha-global city, it is the largest in Scandinavia and the main centre for corporate headquarters in the Nordic region. The city is home to some of Europe's top ranking universities, such as the Karolinska Institute, Stockholm School of Economics, KTH Royal Institute of Technology and Stockholm University. It hosts the annual Nobel Prize ceremonies and banquet at the Stockholm Concert Hall and Stockholm City Hall. One of the city's most prized museums, the Vasa Museum, is the most visited non-art museum in Scandinavia. The Stockholm metro, opened in 1950, is well known for the decor of its stations; it has been called the longest art gallery in the world. Sweden's national football arena is located north of the city centre, in Solna. Avicii Arena, the national indoor arena, is in the southern part of the city. The city was the host of the 1912 Summer Olympics.
<Helen_B._Warner_Prize_for_Astronomy>	The Helen B. Warner Prize for Astronomy is awarded annually by the American Astronomical Society to a young astronomer (aged less than 36, or within 8 years of the award of their PhD) for a significant contribution to observational or theoretical astronomy.This list is from the American Astronomical Society's website.
<Academy_Honorary_Award>	The Academy Honorary Award – instituted in 1950 for the 23rd Academy Awards (previously called the Special Award, which was first presented at the 1st Academy Awards in 1929) – is given annually by the Board of Governors of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS). Since 2009, it has been presented at the separate annual Governors Awards rather than at the regular Academy Awards ceremony. The Honorary Award celebrates motion picture achievements that are not covered by existing Academy Awards, although prior winners of competitive Academy Awards are not excluded from receiving the Honorary Award.Unless otherwise specified, Honorary Award recipients receive the same gold Oscar statuettes received by winners of the competitive Academy Awards.  Unlike the Special Achievement Award instituted in 1972, those on whom the Academy confers its Honorary Award do not have to meet "the Academy's eligibility year and deadline requirements."Like the Special Achievement Award, the Special Award and Honorary Award have been used to reward significant achievements of the year that did not fit in existing categories, subsequently leading the Academy to establish several new categories, and to honor exceptional career achievements, contributions to the motion picture industry, and service to the Academy.
<Shane_Richie>	Shane Patrick Paul Roche (born 11 March 1964), known as Shane Richie, is a British actor, comedian, television presenter and singer. Following initial success as a stage and screen performer, he became best known for his portrayal of the character Alfie Moon in the BBC One soap opera EastEnders (appearing 2002–2005, 2010–2016, 2018–2019, 2022–present) and then in its spin-off RTÉ Drama Redwater in 2017. In 2020, he appeared on the twentieth series of I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here and finished in fourth place.Richie has presented a number of BBC game shows including Reflex, Win Your Wish List and Decimate.
<Unilever>	Unilever plc is a British multinational consumer goods company with headquarters in London, England. Unilever products include food, condiments, bottled water, baby food, soft drink, ice cream, instant coffee, cleaning agents, energy drink, toothpaste, pet food, pharmaceutical and consumer healthcare products, tea, breakfast cereals, beauty products, and personal care. Unilever is the largest producer of soap in the world and its products are available in around 190 countries.Unilever's largest brands include Lifebuoy, Dove, Sunsilk, Knorr, Lux, Sunlight, Rexona/Degree, Axe/Lynx, Ben & Jerry's, Omo/Persil, Heartbrand (Wall's) ice creams, Hellmann's and Magnum.
<Martin_Hairer>	Sir Martin Hairer KBE FRS (born 14 November 1975) is an Austrian-British mathematician working in the field of stochastic analysis, in particular stochastic partial differential equations. He is Professor of Mathematics at EPFL (École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne) and at Imperial College London. He previously held appointments at the  University of Warwick and the Courant Institute of New York University. In 2014 he was awarded the Fields Medal, one of the highest honours a mathematician can achieve. In 2020 he won the 2021 Breakthrough Prize in Mathematics.Hairer was born in Geneva, Switzerland. He attended the Collège Claparède Geneva where he received his high school diploma in 1994. He entered a school science competition with sound editing software that was developed into Amadeus,and later continued to maintain the software in addition to his academic work; it continued to be widely used as of 2020[update]. He then attended the University of Geneva, where he obtained his Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematics in July 1998, Master of Science in Physics in October 1998 and PhD in Physics under the supervision of Jean-Pierre Eckmann in November 2001.
<Kam-Biu_Luk>	Kam-Biu Luk (Chinese: 陸錦標, born 1953) is a professor of physics, with a focus on particle physics, at UC Berkeley and a senior faculty scientist in the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory's physics division. Luk has conducted research on neutrino oscillation and CP violation. Luk and his collaborator Yifang Wang were awarded the 2014 Panofsky Prize “for their leadership of the Daya Bay experiment, which produced the first definitive measurement of θ13 angle of the neutrino mixing matrix.” His work on neutrino oscillation also received 2016 Breakthrough Prize in Fundamental Physics shared with other teams.He also received a Doctor of Science honoris causa from the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology in 2016. Luk is a fellow of the American Physical Society, and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.Luk graduated from the University of Hong Kong in 1976 with a B.Sc in physics. Shortly thereafter, Luk joined Rutgers University's physics Ph.D. program, completing his Ph.D. in 1983.Luk continued his work in physics by conducting his postdoctoral research at the University of Washington in Seattle until 1986. In 1986, Luk became an R.R. Wilson Fellow at Fermilab, where he worked as an associate scientist until 1989. In 1989, Luk received a joint appointment as an assistant professor of the Physics Department at UC Berkeley and faculty scientist at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. During his first two years working in Berkeley, Luk received the "Department of Energy outstanding junior investigator award", which is designed to "identify exceptionally talented new high energy physicists early in their careers, and to assist and facilitate the development of their research programs." Luk was awarded a Sloan Fellowship between 1990–94, which is awarded to "those who show the most outstanding promise of making fundamental contributions to new knowledge."
<Blood_Meridian>	Blood Meridian or the Evening Redness in the West is a 1985 epic novel by American author Cormac McCarthy, classified under the Western, or sometimes the anti-Western, genre. McCarthy's fifth book, it was published by Random House.In a loosely historical context the narrative follows a fictional teenager referred to as "the kid," with the bulk of the text devoted to his experiences with the Glanton gang, a historical group of scalp hunters who massacred Indigenous Americans and others in the United States–Mexico borderlands from 1849 to 1850 for bounty, pleasure, and eventually out of nihilistic habit. The role of antagonist is gradually filled by Judge Holden, a physically massive, highly educated, preternaturally skilled member of the gang who is extremely pale and completely bald from head to toe.Although the novel initially received lukewarm critical and commercial reception, it has since become highly acclaimed and is widely recognized as McCarthy's magnum opus and one of the greatest American novels of all time. Some have labelled it the Great American Novel. There have been multiple attempts to adapt the novel into a film, but none have succeeded.
<Roger_Adams>	Roger Adams (January 2, 1889 – July 6, 1971) was an American organic chemist who developed the eponymous Adams' catalyst, and helped determine the composition of natural substances such as complex vegetable oils and plant alkaloids. He isolated and identified CBD in 1940. As head of the Chemistry department at the University of Illinois from 1926 to 1954, he influenced graduate education in America, taught over 250 Ph.D. students and postgraduate students, and served in military science during World War I and World War II.Adams was born in Boston, Massachusetts to railroad official Austin W. Adams and Lydia Curtis, and grew up in a prosperous neighborhood in South Boston, the last child in a gifted family that included Adams's three older sisters (two went to Radcliffe College and one to Smith College). Adams was part of the prominent Adams family, and was descended from John Adams's grandfather.Adams attending Boston Latin School and Cambridge Latin High School (now called Cambridge Rindge and Latin). In 1900, the family moved to Cambridge, which was closer to the two colleges.
<Cédric_Villani>	Cédric Patrice Thierry Villani (French: [se.dʁik pa.tʁis tje.ʁi vi.la.ni]; born 5 October 1973) is a French politician and mathematician working primarily on partial differential equations, Riemannian geometry and mathematical physics. He was awarded the Fields Medal in 2010, and he was the director of Sorbonne University's Institut Henri Poincaré from 2009 to 2017. As of September 2022, he is a professor at Institut des Hautes Études Scientifiques.Villani has given two lectures at the Royal Institution, the first titled 'Birth of a Theorem'. The English translation of his book Théorème vivant (Living Theorem) has the same title. In the book he describes the links between his research on kinetic theory and the one of the mathematician Carlo Cercignani: Villani, in fact, proved the so-called Cercignani's conjecture.
<Óscar_Arpón>	Óscar Arpón Ochoa (born 9 April 1975) is a Spanish former footballer who played as an attacking midfielder, and is a current manager.He amassed La Liga totals of 141 games and five goals over the course of seven seasons, in representation of six clubs, including Barcelona. He added 230 matches and 18 goals in Segunda División, in a senior career which spanned 18 years overall.Born in Calahorra, La Rioja, Arpón made his professional debut in 1994–95 in the second division, with FC Barcelona B. Also, in that season's La Liga, he appeared in three matches for the main squad, being promoted roughly at the same time as Roger García.
<Leshi_Zhixin>	Leshi Zhixin Electronic Technology (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. (also known as LeTV Zhixin) is a Chinese television manufacturer which was a subsidiary of Le.com (aka LeTV). In 2017 Sunac China bought a part of Leshi Zhixin's stake, as well as subscription of new shares. Other new investors of the company were Huaxia Life Insurance (1.1310%) and a private equity fund LeRan Investment.The company produced TV that branded "Leshi SuperTV".In late 2015, it was announced that Leshi Zhixin would bought the new shares of TCL Multimedia for HK$2.27 billion (HK$6.5 per share), a subsidiary of TCL Corporation. On 11 May 2016, the deal was completed, which Leshi Zhixin holds the stake via Hong Kong incorporated subsidiary Letv ZhiXin Investment (HK) Limited.
<Two_Guys>	Two Guys from Harrison (later shortened to Two Guys) is a former discount store chain founded in 1946 by brothers Herbert and Sidney Hubschman in Harrison, New Jersey, originally selling major appliances such as televisions. The chain acquired the manufacturers of the Vornado appliance brand in 1959, and spread beyond the New York City metropolitan area to more than 100 locations in upstate New York, eastern Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Connecticut, Massachusetts, Maryland, Virginia, and as far as California. The company's financial success started to decline in the late 1970s, and it was defunct by 1982.In 1946, the Hubschmans operated a snack bar concession in the Radio Corporation of America (RCA) plant in Harrison, New Jersey, which was one of the earliest US manufacturers of television sets. They became friendly with one of their customers, an RCA executive who invited Herbert to tour the plant. During the tour, Hubschman saw a batch of scratched-cabinet television sets returned from the retailers as unsalable. The Hubschmans worked out a plan to buy these sets for a low price, and sell them in a vacant lot for a $5 markup on each set, providing their own publicity using car windshield flyers. The sale was so successful, that the batch they figured would take a month to sell were gone in a few hours. They continued the arrangement with RCA, and soon were ready to open their own store and use newspaper advertising. By this time, they had heard of their competitors whining, "We can't compete with those two bastards from Harrison!" The Hubschmans wanted to use that as the store name to taunt the competition, but no newspaper would print it, so they settled on Two Guys from Harrison.
<Public_Welfare_Medal>	The Public Welfare Medal is awarded by the U.S. National Academy of Sciences  "in recognition of distinguished contributions in the application of science to the public welfare." It is the most prestigious honor conferred by the academy. First awarded in 1914, the medal has been awarded annually since 1976.Source: NAS
<Çalık_Holding>	Çalık Holding is a Turkish company that has been operating in the energy, construction, mining, textile, finance, and telecom sectors since the 1980s. Founder and chairman Ahmet Çalık began his business career in the textile industry, founding Orta Doğu Tekstil in 1981 and Çalık Denim in 1987. During the early-1990s independence of CIS countries, he made his first foreign investments and founded Gap Pazarlama (to increase his company's share of international textile trading) and Gap İnşaat (to build plants). These companies were brought together as Çalık Holding in 1997. The umbrella company founded Çalık Enerji in 1998 and Aktif Bank in 1999, to enter the energy and finance sectors.Growing by investments since the 2000s, Çalık Holding acquired Banka Kombëtare Tregtare (operating in Albania and Kosovo). The group acquired ALBtelecom (Albania's oldest landline operator and Internet provider) in 2007, entering the telecom sector.
<Wilfrid_Sellars>	Wilfrid Stalker Sellars (May 20, 1912 – July 2, 1989) was an American philosopher and prominent developer of critical realism, who "revolutionized both the content and the method of philosophy in the United States".His father was the Canadian-American philosopher Roy Wood Sellars, a leading American philosophical naturalist in the first half of the twentieth-century. Wilfrid was educated at the University of Michigan (BA, 1933), the University at Buffalo, and Oriel College, Oxford (1934–1937), where he was a Rhodes Scholar, obtaining his highest earned degree, an MA, in 1940. During World War II, he served in military intelligence. He then taught at the University of Iowa (1938–1946), the University of Minnesota (1947–1958), Yale University (1958–1963), and from 1963 until his death, at the University of Pittsburgh. He served as president of the Metaphysical Society of America in 1977. He was a founder of the journal Philosophical Studies.Sellars is well known as a critic of foundationalist epistemology—the "Myth of the Given" as he called it. However, his philosophical works are more generally directed toward the ultimate goal of reconciling intuitive ways of describing the world (both those of common sense and traditional philosophy) with a thoroughly naturalist, scientific account of reality. He is widely regarded both for great sophistication of argument and for his assimilation of many and diverse subjects in pursuit of a synoptic vision. Sellars was perhaps the first philosopher to synthesize elements of American pragmatism with elements of British and American analytic philosophy and Austrian and German logical positivism. His work also reflects a sustained engagement with the German tradition of transcendental idealism, most obviously in his book Science and Metaphysics: Kantian Variations.
<Masada_(miniseries)>	Masada is an American television miniseries that aired on ABC in April 1981. Advertised by the network as an "ABC Novel for Television," it was a fictionalized account of the historical siege of the Masada citadel in Israel by legions of the Roman Empire in AD 73. The TV series' script is based on the 1971 novel The Antagonists by Ernest Gann, with a screenplay written by Joel Oliansky. The siege ended when the Roman armies entered the fortress, only to discover the mass suicide by the Jewish defenders when defeat became imminent.The miniseries starred Peter O'Toole as Roman legion commander Lucius Flavius Silva, Peter Strauss as the Jewish commander Eleazar ben Ya'ir, and Barbara Carrera as Silva's Jewish mistress. It was O'Toole's first appearance in an American miniseries.Masada was one of several historical miniseries produced in the early 1980s following the success of the miniseries Roots that aired on the ABC Network in 1977 and Shogun which aired on NBC in 1980.
<Gregg_Marshall>	Michael Gregg Marshall (born February 27, 1963) is an American college basketball coach whose most recent position was head coach at Wichita State University.  Marshall has coached his teams to appearances in the NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament in 14 of 22 years as a head coach. He is the winningest head coach in Wichita State and Winthrop history with 331 and 194 wins, respectively. He resigned on November 17, 2020, after an internal investigation following allegations by multiple former players detailing physical and verbal abuse at the hands of Marshall.  Marshall was paid a settlement of $7,750,000 by Wichita State for his resignation.Marshall was born in Greenwood, South Carolina.  He went to Cave Spring High School in Roanoke, Virginia, where he graduated in 1981 and was a 6'2", 145-pound point guard on the Knights' basketball team.  He graduated from Randolph–Macon College with a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics and business in 1985. At Randolph-Macon, he became a brother of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity. He later received his master's degree in sport management from the University of Richmond in 1987. He is married to Lynn Munday of Bellingham.Marshall spent two years (1985–1987) as an assistant at his alma mater, Randolph-Macon College, in Ashland, Virginia, and another year as an assistant at Belmont Abbey College during the 1987–88 season.  He then spent eight years under John Kresse at the College of Charleston from 1988 to 1996, where the program received an at-large 1994 NCAA bid, and NIT invitations in 1995 and 1996.  He became an assistant coach at Marshall University, serving from 1996 to 1998.
<Henry_Baldwin_(judge)>	Henry Baldwin (January 14, 1780 – April 21, 1844) was an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States from January 6, 1830, to April 21, 1844.Descended from an aristocratic British family dating back to the seventeenth century, Baldwin was born in New Haven, Connecticut, the son of Michael Baldwin and Theodora Walcott.  He was the half-brother of Abraham Baldwin. He attended Hopkins School, and received a B.A. at age 17 from Yale College in 1797, where he was also a member of Brothers in Unity.  He also attended Litchfield Law School and read law in 1798. Baldwin then moved to Pittsburgh and established a successful law practice.  He invested in iron furnaces north of the city, which prompted a move to Crawford County, Pennsylvania, of which he was elected the newly formed jurisdiction's first district attorney and served from 1799 to 1801. He was also the publisher of The Tree of Liberty, a Democratic-Republican newspaper.
<Bruno_Corbucci>	Bruno Corbucci (23 October 1931 – 7 September 1996) was an Italian screenwriter and film director. He was the younger brother of Sergio Corbucci, and wrote many of his films. He was born in Rome, where he also died.The vast majority of his directorial efforts are lowbrow comedies. He also directed I figli del leopardo, a parody of Il gattopardo. His biggest success came with the long-running "Nico Giraldi" series, which starred Tomas Milian as a foul-mouthed Roman policeman.
<Ruth_Handler>	Ruth Marianna Handler (née  Mosko; November 4, 1916 – April 27, 2002) was an American businesswoman and inventor. Best known for inventing the Barbie doll in 1959, she served as the first president of toy manufacturer Mattel, Inc., which she co-founded with her husband in January 1945 until 1974 when the Handlers were forced to resign from Mattel, and in 1978 Ruth Handler was convicted of false reporting to the Securities and Exchange Commission.Handler was born Ruth Marianna Mosko in Denver, Colorado, to Polish-Jewish immigrants Ida Mosko (née Rubenstein) and Jacob Mosko. She married her high school boyfriend, Elliot Handler, and moved to Los Angeles in 1938.  Her husband decided to make their furniture out of two newfound types of plastics, Lucite and Plexiglas. Ruth Handler suggested that he start doing this commercially and they began a furniture business. Ruth Handler worked as the sales force for the new business, landing contracts with Douglas Aircraft Company and others.
<Wayne_State_University>	Wayne State University (WSU) is a public research university in Detroit, Michigan. It is Michigan's third-largest university. Founded in 1868, Wayne State consists of 13 schools and colleges offering approximately 350 programs to nearly 25,000 graduate and undergraduate students. Wayne State University, along with the University of Michigan and Michigan State University, compose the University Research Corridor of Michigan. Wayne State is classified among "R1: Doctoral Universities – Very high research activity".Wayne State's main campus comprises 203 acres linking more than 100 education and research buildings. It also has four satellite campuses in Macomb, Wayne and Jackson counties.
<Billy_Zeoli>	Billy Zeoli was an American evangelical leader, speaker and media executive from Grand Rapids, Michigan. Zeoli served as the White house chaplain to U.S. President Gerald R. Ford and Betty Ford during the mid-1970s offering counsel on national spiritual matters, and acting as spiritual counselor to President Ford. In the 1960s, Zeoli was an early organizer of what would become Baseball Chapel, a Christian organization that provides professional Baseball players, and other athletes, Sunday church services in their locker rooms before sporting events. Zeoli was perhaps most remembered as the long-standing president of Gospel Films Inc, later becoming Gospel Communications Inc, a leading Christian media company that distributed media and promoted ministry outreach around the world. Zeoli held the position from 1962 until he retired from the organization in 2006.Gerald Ford was elected the Congressional representative of the 5th District of Michigan from 1949 to the time of his Presidency.  Zeoli lived in Grand Rapids, MI and was introduced to Ford by a friend. The two men became friends and Zeoli started sending Ford a devotional once every month in the early 1970s (these devotionals would later become a book called "God's Got a Better Idea", a twist on the Ford political slogan, "Ford has a better idea"). Ford and Zeoli would meet in Washington and frequent events such as the Presidential Prayer Breakfast, and at sporting events where Zeoli was preaching. It was in Washington D.C. at a pre-game chapel service for the Washington Redskins football team that Zeoli convinced then representative Gerald R. Ford to become a Christian.  Ford would later become Vice-President of the United States when Spiro Agnew resigned on October 10, 1973.  While Zeoli was vacationing in Oberammergau, Germany, Ford called Zeoli and informed him that Richard Nixon had resigned and that Ford was now the 38th President of the United States. For the remainder of Ford's Presidency, Zeoli would visit the White House and counsel on spiritual matters with the President. Zeoli's book "God's Got a Better Idea" described the many issues that the two discussed including; clemency for draft evaders, the U. S. withdrawal from Vietnam, the Mayaguez incident, and the difficult question of issuing a pardon to former U.S. President Richard Nixon, who had resigned following the Watergate scandal and the administration's attempted cover-up of its involvement.
<Tarık_Akan>	Tarık Akan (born Tarık Tahsin Üregül, 13 December 1949 – 16 September 2016) was a Turkish film actor and producer, who started his activity in the 1970s.Akan was born as Tarık Tahsin Üregül in Istanbul on 13 December 1949. He was the third child of the family after a daughter and a son. His family was constantly moving around Turkey due to his father's occupation in the military. Schooled in Erzurum, he completed the elementary education in Kayseri. Following his father's retirement, the family moved to Istanbul and settled in Bakırköy. Akan attended Yıldız Technical University to study mechanical engineering, graduated later from the College of Journalist.
<Golden_Spikes_Award>	The Golden Spikes Award is bestowed annually to the best amateur baseball player in the United States. The award, created by USA Baseball and sponsored by the Major League Baseball Players Association, was first presented in 1978. It is given to an amateur player who best exhibits and combines "exceptional on-field ability and exemplary sportsmanship". The award is considered the most prestigious in amateur baseball.Ten winners of the Golden Spikes Award are members of the National College Baseball Hall of Fame, including Bob Horner, the inaugural winner in 1978. In that same year, he was the first overall MLB draft pick and proceeded to win the Rookie of the Year Award. Seven Golden Spikes Award winners went on to become the first overall MLB draft pick. Only Horner achieved the MLB Rookie of the Year Award in the same year (although Jason Jennings and Buster Posey were voted the top rookies of the National League several years after winning the Golden Spikes Award). Jim Abbott, Jered Weaver and Tim Lincecum are the only award winners to pitch an MLB no-hitter, while Horner is the only one to hit four home runs in one MLB game. Furthermore, 17 players won the Dick Howser Trophy (considered to be the Heisman Trophy of college baseball) alongside the Golden Spikes Award.  No player has won the award more than once, and no Golden Spikes recipient has yet been inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame.The winner has been announced annually during a live broadcast of ESPN's SportsCenter since 2014. Immediately following the announcement, the award winner and the other finalists are honored at a banquet in Los Angeles.  The most recent recipient of the award is Ivan Melendez of the University of Texas Baseball.Although it can be given to any amateur player, the award has always been given to a college baseball player.
<Peter_Falk>	Peter Michael Falk (September 16, 1927 – June 23, 2011) was an American film and television actor. He is best known for his role as Lieutenant Columbo in the long-running television series Columbo (1968–1978, 1989–2003), for which he won four Primetime Emmy Awards (1972, 1975, 1976, 1990) and a Golden Globe Award (1973). He first starred as Columbo in two 2-hour "World Premiere" TV pilots; the first with Gene Barry in 1968 and the second with Lee Grant in 1971. The show then aired as part of The NBC Mystery Movie series from 1971 to 1978, and again on ABC from 1989 to 2003.
<Simeon_Jackson>	Simeon Alexander Jackson (born March 28, 1987) is a Canadian professional soccer player who currently plays as a forward for Chelmsford City.He has spent the majority of his career playing in England, relocating from Mississauga, Ontario, to South London as a teenager to pursue his interest in football. Following a rejection by Gillingham after a trial, he played semi-professionally before making his name with Rushden & Diamonds of the Football Conference. His goalscoring feats for the club earned him a move to Gillingham, then of League Two, in 2008. He scored the winning goal for the club in the 2009 League Two Play-Off Final at Wembley Stadium.
<John_Davis_Lodge>	John Davis Lodge (October 20, 1903 – October 29, 1985) was an American film actor, lawyer, politician, and diplomat. He was the 79th governor of Connecticut from 1951 to 1955, and later served as U.S. ambassador to Spain, Argentina, and Switzerland. As an actor, he often was credited simply as John Lodge. He had roles in four Hollywood films between 1933 and 1935, including playing Marlene Dietrich's lover in The Scarlet Empress and Shirley Temple's father in The Little Colonel. He starred or co-starred in many British and European films between 1935 and 1940.Lodge was a member of four prominent political families in the Northeast United States: the Cabot, Lodge, Frelinghuysen and Davis families. He was a direct descendant of at least seven U.S. senators, and had many other politicians in his family, including his brother, Senator Henry Cabot Lodge Jr., who ran for Vice President of the United States in 1960 alongside presidential nominee Richard Nixon but was defeated by John F. Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson.
<Jake_Kean>	Jacob Kendall Kean (born 4 February 1991) is an English footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Notts County, where he is also the clubs first team goalkeeper coach.He was previously at Blackburn Rovers, appearing as their first choice keeper for both the 2012–13 and 2013–14 seasons before picking up a knee injury. He has since had loan spells with Hartlepool United, Rochdale, and Yeovil Town. Kean has played internationally for England under-20s once.
<Italy_national_under-18_football_team>	The Italian national under-18 football team represents Italy in international football at an under-18 age level and is controlled by the Italian Football Federation (Federazione Italiana Giuoco Calcio), the governing body for football in Italy. The team was known as Italy national under-17 football team prior 2001.The current coach is Daniele Franceschini.
<Michael_Bell_(actor)>	Michael Bell (born July 30, 1938) is an American actor who is most active in voice over roles, known for his youthful voice. He has acted in video games and animated series, including Legacy of Kain, The Transformers, G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero, The Houndcats, Rugrats, The Smurfs, and Snorks and appeared on-screen in film and television, including the TV programs Dallas and Star Trek. Bell was described as being "one of the most prominent voice actors of the 1980s."[by whom?] Both Bell's wife, Victoria Carroll, and his daughter, Ashley Bell, are actresses.Michael Bell was born on July 30, 1938, in Brooklyn, New York, to a Jewish family.
<Susan_Moody>	Susan Moody (born 1940 in Oxford) is the principal pen name of Susan Elizabeth Horwood, an English novelist best known for her suspense novels.After marrying Professor John Dalgleish Donaldson in Oxford, Oxfordshire, on 5 September 2001, she became the stepmother of his four children, including Crown Princess Mary of Denmark.Moody grew up in Oxford, then lived in France where she met her first husband. They moved to Tennessee where she lived for 10 years before returning home.
<Philip_Haas>	Philip Haas (born 1954) is an American artist, screenwriter and filmmaker, perhaps best known for his 2012 sculpture exhibition "The Four Seasons" and his 1995 film Angels and Insects.He began his career as a documentary film maker, directing ten profiles of unusual artists through the early 1990s with the theme "Magicians of the Earth," commissioned by the Centre Georges Pompidou.His feature films include Angels and Insects, set in Victorian England, which was nominated for an Academy Award and the Cannes Film Festival Palme d'Or, Up at the Villa, an adaptation of the W. Somerset Maugham novella, starring Sean Penn, Anne Bancroft and Kristin Scott Thomas, The Situation, a political thriller set in Iraq, released in 2006, and the highly regarded The Music of Chance (1993).
<Racing_de_Santander_B>	Rayo Cantabria, formerly known as Real Racing Club de Santander "B" is the reserve team of Racing de Santander, a Spanish football team based in Santander, in the autonomous community of Cantabria.Founded in 1926 as a separate club, affiliated with Racing de Santander from 1951 and incorporated formally into the professional club's structure in 1993, the team currently plays in Segunda Federación – Group 1, holding home games at La Albericia, with a capacity of 1,000 spectators.Rayo Cantabria was founded in 1926 as Gimnástica de Miranda, later being renamed Sociedad Deportiva Rayo Cantabria. Having competed independently in the Cantabrian Regional Championship, in 1946 they were promoted to the third tier of Spanish football, the old Tercera División, for the first time; the following campaign, they faced the biggest local club Racing de Santander (or Real Santander as they were known at the time), Rayo being relegated and Racing promoted. In the 1950–51 Tercera División season, Rayo came up against the Racing youth team, Juventud RS with both entering the relegating playoffs; Juventud went down and folded soon after, and from that time Rayo became the Racing farm team.
<Three_Days_Confined_to_Barracks_(1955_film)>	Three Days Confined to Barracks (German: Drei Tage Mittelarrest) is a 1955 West German comedy film directed by Georg Jacoby and starring Ernst Waldow, Grethe Weiser and Eva Probst. It was shot at the Wansbek Studios in Hamburg. The film's sets were designed by Erich Kettelhut and Johannes Ott. It is a remake of the 1930 comedy film Three Days Confined to Barracks. Like its predecessor it is a comic portrayal of life in the German Army at the beginning of the century.
<Berkshire>	Berkshire (/ˈbɑːrkʃɪər, -ʃər/ (listen) BARK-shər, -⁠sheer; in the 17th century sometimes spelt phonetically as Barkeshire; abbreviated Berks.) is a historic county in South East England. One of the home counties, Berkshire was recognised by Queen Elizabeth II as the Royal County of Berkshire in 1957 because of the presence of Windsor Castle, and letters patent were issued in 1974. Berkshire is a county of historic origin, a ceremonial county and a non-metropolitan county without a county council. The county town is Reading.The River Thames formed the historic northern boundary, from Buscot in the west to Old Windsor in the east. The historic county, therefore, includes territory that is now administered by the Vale of White Horse and parts of South Oxfordshire in Oxfordshire, but excludes Caversham, Slough and five less populous settlements in the east of the Royal Borough of Windsor and Maidenhead. All the changes mentioned, apart from the change to Caversham, took place in 1974. The towns of Abingdon, Didcot, Faringdon, Wallingford and Wantage were transferred to Oxfordshire, the six places joining came from Buckinghamshire. Berkshire County Council was the main local government of most areas from 1889 to 1998 and was based in Reading, the county town which had its own County Borough administration (1888–1974).
<Murray_Gold>	Murray Jonathan Gold (born 28 February 1969) is an English composer for stage, film, and television and a dramatist for both theatre and radio. He is best known as the musical director and composer of the music for Doctor Who from 2005, until he stepped down in 2018 after the tenth series aired in 2017. He has been nominated for five BAFTAs.Born in Portsmouth to a Jewish family, Gold initially pursued drama as a vocation, writing and playing music as a hobby, but switched to music when he became musical director for the University of Cambridge's Footlights society.
<Shu_Xingbei>	Shu Xingbei (Chinese: 束星北; pinyin: Shù Xīngběi; October 1, 1905 - October 30, 1983), also known as Hsin Pei Soh, was a Chinese physicist and educator.Shu was born on 1 October 1905, in Hanjiang, Jiangsu Province. In 1924, he entered Hangchow University (aka Zhijiang University 之江大学, now named Zhejiang University) in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province and a year later transferred to the Department of Physics at Cheeloo University in Shandong Province.[citation needed]In 1926, Shu went to study physics in the United States, where he initially studied at Baker University in Baldwin City, Kansas, but later transferred to the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF). During this time, Shu was quite active in various social and political activities and communities, and it is said that he even once joined the Communist Party USA.
<University_of_Queensland>	The University of Queensland (UQ, or Queensland University) is a public research university located primarily in Brisbane, the capital city of the Australian state of Queensland. Founded in 1909 by the Queensland parliament, UQ is one of the six sandstone universities, an informal designation of the oldest university in each state. As per 2023, The University of Queensland is ranked as 2 in Australia and 42 in the world. Also, UQ is a founding member of edX, Australia's leading Group of Eight and the international research-intensive Association of Pacific Rim Universities.The main St Lucia campus occupies much of the riverside inner suburb of St Lucia, southwest of the Brisbane central business district. Other UQ campuses and facilities are located throughout Queensland, the largest of which are the Gatton campus and the Mayne Medical School. UQ's overseas establishments include UQ North America office in Washington D.C., and the UQ-Ochsner Clinical School in Louisiana, United States.
<Celta_de_Vigo>	Real Club Celta de Vigo (Galician pronunciation: [reˈal ˈkluβ ˈθeltɐ ðɪ ˈβiɣʊ]; lit. 'Royal Celtic Club of Vigo'), commonly known as Celta de Vigo or simply Celta, is a Spanish professional football club based in Vigo, Galicia, that competes in La Liga, the top tier of Spanish football. Nicknamed Os Celestes (The Sky Blues), the club was founded on 1923 as Club Celta, following the merger of two Vigo-based teams. The club's home stadium is Balaídos, which seats 29,000 spectators.The club's name is derived from the Celts, a people who once lived in the region. Its main rival is fellow Galician club Deportivo La Coruña, with whom it contests the Galician derby.
<Litchfield,_Connecticut>	Litchfield is a town in and former county seat of Litchfield County, Connecticut, United States. The population was 8,192 at the 2020 census. The boroughs of Bantam and Litchfield are located within the town. There are also three unincorporated villages: East Litchfield, Milton, and Northfield. Northfield, located in the southeastern corner of Litchfield, is home to a high percentage of the Litchfield population.Originally called Bantam township, Litchfield incorporated in 1719. The town derives its name from Lichfield, in England.
<Betty_Compson>	Betty Compson (born Eleanor Luicime Compson; March 19, 1897 – April 18, 1974) was an American actress and film producer who got her start during Hollywood's silent era. She is best known for her performances in The Docks of New York and The Barker, the latter of which earned her an Academy Award nomination for Best Actress.Compson was born on March 19, 1897, the daughter of Virgil and Mary (née  Rauscher) Compson, in Beaver, Utah, at a mining camp. Her father was a mining engineer, a gold prospector, and a grocery store proprietor, and her mother was a maid in homes and in a hotel.Compson graduated from Salt Lake High School. Her father died when she was young, and she obtained employment as a violinist at 16 at a theater in Salt Lake City.
<St._Anne's_Church,_Warsaw>	St. Anne's Church (Polish: Kościół św. Anny) is a church in the historic center of Warsaw, Poland, adjacent to the Castle Square, at Krakowskie Przedmieście 68. It is one of Poland's most notable churches with a Neoclassical facade. The church ranks among Warsaw's oldest buildings. Over time, it has seen many reconstructions, resulting in its present-day appearance, unchanged since 1788. Currently it is the main church parish of the academic community in Warsaw.In 1454 Duchess of Masovia Anna Fiodorowna (in some old books mistakenly called Holszanska), coming from a Ruthenized Lithuanian princely house, founded this church with a cloister for the Franciscan friars (Order of Friars Minor).The square in front of the church was a place of solemn homages to Polish monarchs by the rulers of Prussia (the first one in 1578, the last one in 1621). In 1582 a slender tower was added to the church. Some time later it was encompassed with a rampart and incorporated into the city fortifications.
<Dan_Levy>	Daniel or Dan Levy may refer to:
<University_of_California,_Irvine_School_of_Law>	The University of California, Irvine School of Law is the law school at the University of California, Irvine. It is the fifth law school in the UC system. In September 2007, Erwin Chemerinsky was named as the law school's first dean. Chemerinsky was hired to be dean of the UC Berkeley School of Law in 2017; L. Song Richardson became interim dean in July 2017 and full dean in January 2018. Song Richardson served as the dean until 2021 when she was hired as President of Colorado College. Bryant Garth became interim dean in July 2021. Austen Parrish was named as the law school's third dean in April 2022.Initially, it was announced that the school would be named for Donald Bren, chairman of the Irvine Company, due to his $20 million donation towards its founding. In 2008, an agreement was reached between Bren and UCI that the school would not bear his name, in order to be consistent with other UC schools and the trend away from naming law schools after major donors.In the summer of 2011, the American Bar Association granted the school provisional accreditation. As law schools need to exist for two years before being granted provisional accreditation, this was the earliest point at which the school could become accredited. The school was granted full accreditation in June 2014.
<Ricky_Hyslop>	Ricky Hyslop (26 April 1915 – 2 June 1998) was a Canadian violinist, conductor, composer, and arranger. He was commissioned to write worksby the Buffalo Philharmonic (the symphonic poems Toronto 1830 and Mizu Uni), clarinetist Avrahm Galper (Peanut Suite for solo clarinet), and guitarist Gregory Alliston (Barca for guitar and soprano). Several of his works for violin have been published by The Frederick Harris Music Co, Limited, including three graded volumes for teaching purposes between 1987-1989.Born in Vancouver, Hyslop began his violin studies as a child in his native city with Allard de Ridder and Jean de Rimanoczy. He began his performance career as a teenager performing as a soloist on CNRV radio. Early on in his career he served as concertmaster or as a member of various orchestras associated with the CRBC and CBC in Vancouver.In 1941 Hyslop became music director for CBC Vancouver's Harmony House, a program featuring the singers Pat Morgan and Suzanne and the pianist Bud Henderson. He continued in that position up through 1953, during which time he also worked as a conductor for CBC Radio on such variety shows as Here's Juliette, String Along, and Scored by Hyslop among others. In 1959 he relocated to Toronto to become the music director for CBC Television's Talent Caravan. He left that program after a short time, returning to CBC Radio where he was music director for such programs as 1967 and All That and CBC Song Market among other programs during the 1960s.
<Peggy_Stewart_(actress)>	Peggy Stewart (born Peggy O'Rourke; June 5, 1923 – May 29, 2019) was an American actress known for her roles in Western B movies and television series.Stewart was born in West Palm Beach, Florida, where she was raised, the daughter of John Francis O'Rourke and Frances Velma (McCampbell) Splane, who were from Bessemer, Alabama. She distinguished herself as a swimming champion in high school; in the 1930s, her family moved to California, where she met character actor Henry O'Neill. He recommended her to Paramount Pictures executives who were looking for a new actress for the part of Joel McCrea's teenage daughter in Wells Fargo (1937). Her work in the film led to numerous other film roles.
<Alfred_Richard_Outtrim>	Alfred Richard Outtrim (1845 – 1925) was a long-serving Victorian politician who gained a reputation as a competent government minister and a promoter of women's suffrage and regional development.Before Federation, he was a liberal Minister in the Munro, Shiels and McLean governments. He served seven terms in the Victorian Legislative Assembly from 1885 before being defeated by F. J. Field in 1902. Joining with Labor, Outtrim successfully recontested Maryborough in 1904 and then served an additional seven terms to 1920 ending his political career as the father of the house.
<Center_for_Advanced_Study_in_the_Behavioral_Sciences>	The Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences (CASBS) is an interdisciplinary research lab at Stanford University that offers a residential postdoctoral fellowship program for scientists and scholars studying "the five core social and behavioral disciplines of anthropology, economics, political science, psychology, and sociology".It is one of the (currently ten) members of Some Institutes for Advanced Study (SIAS). Its campus is 19,600 square feet (1,820 m2) with ample space for hosting groups of researchers. It has 54 studies, meeting rooms, a conference hall, a kitchen, and dining room with a private chef.
<Sharon_Pollock>	Sharon Pollock, OC FRSC (19 April 1936 – 22 April 2021) was a Canadian playwright, actor, and director. She was Artistic Director of Theatre Calgary (1984), Theatre New Brunswick (1988–1990) and Performance Kitchen & The Garry Theatre, the latter which she herself founded in 1992. In 2007, she was made a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada. Pollock was one of Canada's most notable playwrights, and was a major part of the development of what is known today as Canadian Theatre.Mary Sharon Chalmers was born in Fredericton, New Brunswick, on 19 April 1936, to Eloise and George Everett Chalmers. Her mother had been a nurse prior to marrying her father, a prominent local physician and political figure. Sharon was raised in a family and time when appearances and family ties were extremely important; although her mother knew her father was unfaithful to her, she refused to leave him. Sharon had a younger brother, Peter Chalmers, who was born 19 October 1937. When Sharon was younger her parents often took her and her brother on trips, including to Banff, Vancouver, and through the U.S. She had exposure to large scale American musical theatre as the family traveled to New York, where she saw popular musicals such as Annie Get Your Gun, South Pacific, and Oklahoma!
<Thomas_Bakhap>	Thomas Jerome Kingston Bakhap (29 October 1866 – 18 August 1923) was an Australian politician. He was born in Ballarat, Victoria, the adoptive son of a Chinese immigrant, Bak Hap. He received no formal education but became a shopworker, and was later a tin miner at Lottah, Tasmania. In 1909, he was elected to the Tasmanian House of Assembly for Bass. In 1913, he transferred to federal politics, winning a Tasmanian Senate seat as a member of the Commonwealth Liberal Party. He was Chairman of Committees from July 1920 to June 1923. Bakhap died in August 1923; John Hayes was appointed to replace him. Bakhap was fluent in Cantonese. He advocated for the Chinese community when Chinese Australians encountered problems arising from the application of the White Australia Policy. He visited China in 1922 as a representative of the Australian government, and by that time was recognised as the parliament's pre-eminent expert in Chinese and South-East Asian affairs.
<Sheryl_Lee_Ralph>	Sheryl Lee Ralph OJ is an American actress and singer. She made her screen debut in the 1977 comedy film A Piece of the Action, before landing the role of Deena Jones in the Broadway musical Dreamgirls (1981), for which she received a Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical nomination. She currently stars as Barbara Howard on the ABC mockumentary sitcom Abbott Elementary, for which she won Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series at the 74th Primetime Emmy Awards, and became the first Black woman to win the award in 35 years.Ralph has appeared in a number of films during her career. She starred alongside Denzel Washington in the film The Mighty Quinn (1989). In 1991, she won the Independent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Female for her performance in the 1990 drama film To Sleep with Anger. Ralph starred in the 1992 films Mistress and The Distinguished Gentleman. She later played the role of Florence Watson in Sister Act 2: Back in the Habit (1993).
<John_David_Morley>	John David Morley (21 January 1948 – 18 February 2018) was an English writer and novelist.The third and youngest child of the artist and sculptor Patricia Morley (née Booth) and John Arthur Elwell Morley, a District Officer in the British Colonial Service, John David Victor Morley was born "in something of a hurry on a bench in a third-class Chinese ward at the Kandang Kerbau Maternity Hospital" in Singapore. He grew up speaking Malay amid an extended household of Malays, Javanese, Chinese and Indians, later commemorated by his parents in their memoirs.
<Song_of_the_South>	Song of the South is a 1946 American live-action/animated musical drama film directed by Harve Foster and Wilfred Jackson; produced by Walt Disney and released by RKO Radio Pictures. It is based on the Uncle Remus stories as adapted by Joel Chandler Harris, and stars James Baskett as Uncle Remus in his final film role. The film takes place in Georgia during the Reconstruction era, a period of American history after the end of the American Civil War and the abolition of slavery. The story follows seven-year-old Johnny (Bobby Driscoll) who is visiting his grandmother's plantation for an extended stay. Johnny befriends Uncle Remus, an elderly worker on the plantation, and takes joy in hearing his tales about the adventures of Br'er Rabbit, Br'er Fox, and Br'er Bear. Johnny learns from the stories how to cope with the challenges he is experiencing while living on the plantation.Walt Disney had wanted to produce a film based on the Uncle Remus stories for some time. It was not until 1939 that he began negotiating with the Harris family for the film rights, and in 1944, filming for Song of the South began. The studio constructed a plantation set for the outdoor scenes in Phoenix, Arizona, while other scenes were filmed in Hollywood. The film is predominantly live action, but includes three animated segments, which were later released as stand-alone television features. Some scenes also feature a combination of live action with animation. Song of the South premiered in Atlanta in November 1946 and the remainder of its initial theater run was a financial success. The song  "Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah" won the 1948 Academy Award for Best Original Song and Baskett received an Academy Honorary Award for his performance as Uncle Remus.
<Otto_Hahn_Medal>	The Otto Hahn Medal (German: Otto-Hahn-Medaille) is awarded by the Max Planck Society to young scientists and researchers in both the natural and social sciences. The award takes its name from the German chemist and Nobel Prize laureate Otto Hahn, who served as the first president of the Max Planck Society from 1948 to 1960.The medal is awarded annually to a maximum of thirty junior scientists in recognition of outstanding scientific achievement. Up to ten awardees are selected in each of three thematized sections: 1) Biological-Medical, 2) Chemical-Physical-Engineering, and 3) Social Science-Humanities. It is accompanied by a monetary award of €7,500. Medalists are awarded during a ceremony at the General Meeting of the Max Planck Society, taking place annually in alternating locales in Germany.This science awards article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Auferstanden_aus_Ruinen>	"Auferstanden aus Ruinen" (German pronunciation: [ˈaʊfɐˌʃtandən aʊs ʁuːˈiːnən]; "Risen from Ruins"; lit. 'Resurrected out [of] Ruins') is a German patriotic song that was the national anthem of East Germany during its existence from 1949 to 1990.In 1949, the Soviet occupation zone of Allied-occupied Germany became a socialist state under the name of the "German Democratic Republic" (GDR). For the nascent state's national anthem, the poet Johannes Becher, who later became the East German Minister of Culture, wrote the lyrics. Two musicians, Ottmar Gerster and Hanns Eisler, proposed music to Becher's lyrics, and Eisler's version was selected.
<Henrique_Eduardo_Alves>	Henrique Eduardo Lyra Alves (born December 9, 1948) is a Brazilian politician. A member of the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party, he was the President of the Chamber of Deputies (Speaker) of Brazil from 2013 to 2015.
<Meja_Mwangi>	Meja Mwangi (born 27 December 1948) is a Kenyan writer.He has worked in the film industry, including in screenwriting, assistant directing, and casting.Mwangi was born David Dominic Mwangi in Nanyuki, Kenya, and was educated at Nanyuki Secondary School, Kenyatta College, and briefly at the University of Leeds. He then worked for the French Broadcasting Corporation doing odd jobs and the British Council in Nairobi as Visual Aids Officer, before turning to writing full-time. He was Fellow in Writing at the University of Iowa (1975-6).After a prolonged period on the Kenyan and African publishing scene, Mwangi moved to the US after gaining international recognition and winning several awards.
<Welton_Becket>	Welton David Becket (August 8, 1902 – January 16, 1969) was an American modern architect who designed many buildings in Los Angeles, California.Becket was born in Seattle, Washington and graduated from the University of Washington program in Architecture in 1927 with a Bachelor of Architecture degree (B.Arch.).He moved to Los Angeles in 1933 and formed a partnership with his University of Washington classmate Walter Wurdeman and Angelean architect Charles F. Plummer.  Their first major commission was the Pan-Pacific Auditorium in 1935, which won them residential jobs from James Cagney, Robert Montgomery, and other film celebrities.  Plummer died in 1939.
<Alemannia_Aachen>	Alemannia Aachen (German pronunciation: [aleˈmani̯aː ˈʔaːxn̩]) or ATSV Alemannia 1900 is a German football club from the western city of Aachen, North Rhine-Westphalia. A long term fixture of the country's second division, Alemannia enjoyed a three-year turn in the Bundesliga in the late 1960s and, after a successful 2005–06 campaign, returned to the first division for a single season. The club has since slipped to third division play and in late 2012 entered into bankruptcy. They finished their 2012–13 3. Liga schedule before resuming play in the tier IV Regionalliga West in 2013–14.Alemannia carries the nickname "the potato beetles" (Kartoffelkäfer) because of their striped yellow-black jerseys, which make them look like the particular insects.
<Mary_Dodson>	Mary Dodson (née Weaver; September 24, 1932 – February 15, 2016) was an American art director known for her work in television. Dodson is credited as the art director for 102 of the 264 episodes of the mystery series, Murder, She Wrote, which aired on CBS from 1984 to 1996, as well as four of the series' television movies.Dodson, born Mary Weaver, was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on September 24, 1932. She had two brothers, including actor Fritz Weaver. Dodson received her bachelor's degree in theater from the former Carnegie Tech University, which is now part of Carnegie Mellon University. She moved to New York City after college, where she was hired by The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson.Her credits also included art direction for The Jack Benny Hour, Columbo, Taxi, Battlestar Galactica, Falcon Crest, and Full House.
<Hildesheim>	Hildesheim ([ˈhɪldəsˌhaɪ̯m] (listen); Low German: Hilmessen, Hilmssen; Latin: Hildesia) is a city in Lower Saxony, Germany with 101,693  inhabitants. It is in the district of Hildesheim, about 30 km (19 mi) southeast of Hanover on the banks of the Innerste River, a small tributary of the Leine River.The Holy Roman Emperor Louis the Pious founded the Bishopric of Hildesheim in 815 and created the first settlement with a chapel on the so called Domhügel.Hildesheim is situated on autobahn route 7, and hence is at the connection point of the North (Hamburg and beyond) with the South of Europe.
<Williams_College>	Williams College is a private liberal arts college in Williamstown, Massachusetts. It was established as a men's college in 1793 with funds from the estate of Ephraim Williams, a colonist from the Province of Massachusetts Bay who was killed in the French and Indian War in 1755. It is the second-oldest institution of higher education in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts after Harvard College.Although the bequest from the estate of Ephraim Williams intended to establish a "free school", the exact meaning of which is ambiguous, the college quickly outgrew its initial ambitions. It positioned itself as a "Western counterpart" to Yale and Harvard. It became officially coeducational in the 1960s.
<Tokyo_Dogs>	Tokyo Dogs (東京DOGS, Tōkyō DOGS), sometimes styled as Tôkyô Dogs, is a Fuji TV Japanese television drama, which stars Shun Oguri, Hiro Mizushima and Yuriko Yoshitaka.So Takakura (Oguri) witnessed his father's murder at a young age. Pledging to catch the killer, he grows up to become an elite cop in New York City, where the criminal lives. His character is cool-headed and disciplined, yet adapts well. Because of major drug dealings, he gets sent to Tokyo to conduct a joint investigation with the Japanese police. There, he gets teamed up with Maruo Kudo (Mizushima), a detective from a special investigative division. Kudo is a hot-blooded fighting expert due to his earlier days as a delinquent, but he makes a strong impression with his stylish appearance and is always interested in going on group dates. His personality, interests, and investigation methods are completely mismatched with Takakura's, but the two somehow work together to crack the case they have been given. With the appearance of a woman who apparently lost all her memories yet seemed to be greatly linked to the murderer of Takakura's father, the story of the worst, yet the best, partnership between the New York elite and the Japanese detective begins...
<Hampstead>	Hampstead (/ˈhæmpstɪd, -stɛd/) is an area in London, which lies 4 miles (6.4 km) northwest of Charing Cross, and extends from the A5 road (Roman Watling Street) to Hampstead Heath, a large, hilly expanse of parkland. The area forms the northwest part of the London Borough of Camden, a borough in Inner London which for the purposes of the London Plan is designated as part of Central London.Hampstead is known for its intellectual, liberal, artistic, musical, and literary associations. It has some of the most expensive housing in the London area. Hampstead has more millionaires within its boundaries than any other area of the United Kingdom.
<George_Edmund_Street>	George Edmund Street RA (20 June 1824 – 18 December 1881), also known as G. E. Street, was an English architect, born at Woodford in Essex. Stylistically, Street was a leading practitioner of the Victorian Gothic Revival. Though mainly an ecclesiastical architect, he is perhaps best known as the designer of the Royal Courts of Justice on the Strand in London.Street was the third son of Thomas Street, a solicitor, by his second wife, Mary Anne Millington. He went to school at Mitcham in about 1830, and later to the Camberwell Collegiate School, which he left in 1839. For a few months he worked in his father's business in Philpot Lane, but on his father's death he went to live with his mother and sister at Exeter. There his thoughts first turned to architecture, and in 1841 his mother obtained a place for him as pupil in the office of Owen Browne Carter at Winchester. Afterwards he worked for five years as an "improver" with George Gilbert Scott in London.
<Valz_Prize>	The Valz Prize (Prix Valz) was awarded by the French Academy of Sciences, from 1877 through 1970, to honor advances in astronomy.The Valz Prize was established in June 1874 when the widow of astronomer Benjamin Valz, Marie Madeleine Julie Malhian, donated 10,000 francs to establish a prize in honor of her late husband. The Valz Prize was to be awarded for work of similar stature as that honored by the pre-existing Lalande Prize. The first Valz Prize was awarded in 1877 to brothers Paul and Prosper Henry, and was for the sum of 460 francs.Save for 1924, the French Academy of Sciences awarded the Valz Prize annually from 1877 to 1943. After 1943, the prize was awarded only sporadically (only once per decade from 1950 to 1970). In 1970 the Valz Prize was combined with the Lalande Prize to create the Lalande-Valz Prize, which continued to be awarded through 1996. In 1997, that prize was combined with numerous other Academy prizes to create the Grande Médaille.
<Allan_McDonald_(Australian_politician)>	Allan McKenzie McDonald, DFC (4 July 1888 – 10 June 1953) was an Australian politician who served in the House of Representatives from 1940 until his death in 1953. He served as Minister for External Territories in the Menzies and Fadden Governments in 1941. McDonald represented the United Australia Party until 1945, when he joined the new Liberal Party. Before entering federal politics he had previously served in the Victorian Legislative Assembly from 1933 to 1940.McDonald was born on 4 July 1888 in Winchelsea, Victoria. He was the fourth child born to Elizabeth (née McKenzie) and Allan McDonald, both of whom were originally from Geelong. His uncle James McDonald was also a member of parliament. McDonald grew up on the family farm and attended the Winchelsea State School, subsequently working as a farm labourer and then acquiring his own property, "The Isles". His father was a member of the Winchelsea Shire Council until his death in 1914. He succeeded him on the council.
<Fay_Kanin>	Fay Kanin (née Mitchell; May 9, 1917 – March 27, 2013) was an American screenwriter, playwright and producer. Kanin was President of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences from 1979 to 1983.Born Fay Mitchell in New York City to David and Bessie (née Kaiser) Mitchell, she was raised in Elmira, New York, where she won the New York State Spelling Championship at twelve and was presented with a silver cup by then Governor Franklin Roosevelt. She was encouraged to write for money by supplying small items to the Elmira Star Gazette. She was Jewish.In high school she wrote and produced a children's radio show; then on full scholarship, she attended the private, all-female Elmira College where she divided her studies between writing and acting as well as editing the yearbook. Fay's mother took her daughter to visit her grandmother in the Bronx, and it was there that she became devoted to the theater when she saw a matinée of Idiot's Delight starring Alfred Lunt and Lynn Fontanne.
<St_Peter's_Catholic_School>	St Peter's Catholic School may refer to:
<Neela_Parbat>	Neela Parbat (Urdu: نیلا پربت) is a 1969 Pakistani Urdu film directed by Ahmad Bashir. The cast included Mohammad Ali, Husna, Sofia Bano, Komal, Zareen Panna and Agha Talish.It was Pakistan's one of the earliest experimental feature films. It had experimentation by the film director with the Freudian sensual themes which was very unusual for Pakistan at that time. So the film received a 'for adults only' rating. In this film, actress Komal had a really interesting foray into the parallel cinema. She portrayed the sensual play thing for actor Mohammad Ali.
<Bryan_Mantia>	Bryan Kei Mantia (born February 4, 1963), known professionally as Brain, is an American rock drummer. He has played with bands such as Primus, Guns N' Roses, Praxis, and Godflesh, and with other performers such as Tom Waits, Serj Tankian, Bill Laswell, Bootsy Collins, and Buckethead. He has also done session work for numerous artists and bands.Mantia was born February 4, 1963, in the South Bay city of Cupertino, California, to an Italian American father and a Japanese American mother. As a teenager, Mantia became interested in such artists as James Brown, Led Zeppelin, and Jimi Hendrix, acts that featured groove-heavy sounds. When he was 16 years old, he started playing drums. Because of his 'obsessive' study of the drum book Portraits in Rhythm, Mantia was given the nickname "Brain" by members of his high school concert band.
<Shigatse>	Shigatse, officially known as Xigazê (Tibetan: གཞིས་ཀ་རྩེ་, Wylie: gzhis ka rtse, ZYPY: xigazê; Chinese: 日喀则; pinyin: Rìkāzé Nepali: सिगात्से), is a prefecture-level city of the Tibet Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China. Its area of jurisdiction, with an area of 182,000 km2 (70,271 sq mi), corresponds to the historical Tsang region of Tibet.The administrative center of the prefecture-level city is the Samzhubzê District. It is roughly equivalent to the historical Shigatse urban center, the second-largest city in Tibet, located about 280 km (170 mi) southwest of Lhasa and home to the Tashilhunpo Monastery, traditionally the seat of the Panchen Lama.
<Leeds_United_F.C.>	Leeds United Football Club is a professional football club based in Leeds, West Yorkshire in England. The club competes in the Premier League, the highest level of England's football league system, and plays its home matches at Elland Road Stadium.The club has been a member of the Premier League for fifteen years of the competition's history, spending over fifty seasons in the top flight. The club has competed in the top two tiers of English football, with the exception of three seasons in the third tier, since its admission to the Football League in 1920. Leeds have won three English league titles, one FA Cup, one League Cup, two FA Charity/Community Shields and two Inter-Cities Fairs Cups. The club had their most successful period under the management of Don Revie in the 1960s and 1970s, when they won the League title twice, the FA Cup once, the League Cup once and the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup twice. They  were also finalists in the European Cup Winners Cup in 1973 and the European Cup in 1975. Leeds later won another league title in 1992 under manager Howard Wilkinson; this remains the club's most recent major honour.
<Maria_Rohm>	Maria Rohm (13 August 1945 – 18 June 2018) was an Austrian actress and producer.Born Helga Grohmann in Vienna, she started her acting career at the very young age, working at the famous Viennese Burgtheatre as a child actor from ages 4 through 13. She continued her theatrical work until the age of 18 when she auditioned for British film producer, Harry Alan Towers, whom she would later marry. Working with Towers she became famous for appearing in a number of films directed by Jesús Franco in the late 1960s, including Venus in Furs, The Bloody Judge and Count Dracula.[citation needed]Rohm remained married to Towers from 1964 until his death in 2009. She retired from acting in 1976, but continued to produce independent films.[citation needed]
<The_White_Collar_(novel)>	The White Collar (Georgian: თეთრი საყელო; Tetri sakelo) is a novel by Georgian novelist Mikheil Javakhishvili. It was first published in magazine Mnatobi (in 1926). During his life, it was published several times. This novel, which depicts social problems in the early 20th century of Khevsureti, in the north part of Georgia, is reputed to be a magnum opus of the author.This article about a philosophical novel of the 1920s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<New_Zealand_National_Party>	The New Zealand National Party (Māori: Rōpū Nāhinara o Aotearoa), shortened to National (Nāhinara) or the Nats, is a centre-right political party in New Zealand. It is one of two major parties that dominate contemporary New Zealand politics, alongside its traditional rival, the Labour Party.National formed in 1936 through amalgamation of conservative and liberal parties, Reform and United respectively, and subsequently became New Zealand's second-oldest extant political party. National's predecessors had previously formed a coalition against the growing labour movement. National has governed for five periods during the 20th and 21st centuries, and has spent more time in government than any other New Zealand party.
<Vojvođanska_banka>	Vojvođanska banka a.d. Novi Sad, commonly just Vojvođanska banka was a bank based in Novi Sad, Serbia. It was a universal bank, with functions of commercial and investment banking. In December 2017, it became a member of OTP Bank Group and merged with OTP banka Srbija, which later changed name to Vojvođanska banka.The first branch of Vojvodjanska banka was founded in 1868 in Sombor as a credit cooperative. Later, in 1962, Vojvodjanska banka was repackaged as Privredna banka; soon after, Privredna banka was joined by Komercijalna banka Senta, Komercijalna banka Bačka Topola, Sremska banka Sremska Mitrovica, Kreditna banka Kula and Banatska banka Zrenjanin. In 1973, Privredna banka became Vojvođanska banka, the largest banking institution in the province of Vojvodina and one of the largest in the country. It had 16 branches.In the end of the 1970s, Bank opened three independent representative offices in New York City, London and Frankfurt; and joint representative offices established in Moscow, Beijing and Tehran.
<Marsha_Mason>	Marsha Mason (born April 3, 1942) is an American actress and director. She has been nominated four times for the Academy Award for Best Actress:  for her performances in Cinderella Liberty (1973), The Goodbye Girl (1977), Chapter Two (1979), and Only When I Laugh (1981). The first two films also won her Golden Globe Awards. She was married for ten years (1973–1983) to the playwright and screenwriter Neil Simon, who was the writer of three of her four Oscar-nominated roles.Mason's film debut was in the 1966 film Hot Rod Hullabaloo. Her other films include Blume in Love (1973), The Cheap Detective (1978), Max Dugan Returns (1983), Heartbreak Ridge (1986), Stella (1990) and Drop Dead Fred (1991). On television, she appeared in the soap opera Love of Life (1971–72) and received an Emmy Award nomination for her recurring role on the sitcom Frasier (1997–98).She has also had an extensive career on stage, making her Broadway debut as a replacement in the comedy Cactus Flower in 1968. She starred in a 1999 revival of The Prisoner of Second Avenue in London, and received a Grammy nomination for Best Comedy Album for the 2000 recording. In 2006, she starred in the American premiere production of Hecuba at the Chicago Shakespeare Theater. Her other Broadway credits include The Night of the Iguana (1996), Steel Magnolias (2005), and Impressionism (2009).
<Ben_Piazza>	Ben Piazza (July 30, 1933 – September 7, 1991) was an American actor.Piazza made his film debut in Sidney J. Furie's Canadian film A Dangerous Age (1959) followed by his Hollywood debut in The Hanging Tree (1959). Though he signed contracts with Warner Bros. and Gary Cooper's production companies for five years, he did not make another film until No Exit (1962).A prolific television and film character actor, Piazza is perhaps most widely recognized as the wealthy restaurant patron in John Landis' 1980 comedy hit The Blues Brothers from whom Jake (John Belushi) offers to purchase his wife and daughter. Prior to that, he also played the violent boyfriend who scars Liza Minnelli's character's face in Otto Preminger's Tell Me That You Love Me, Junie Moon (1970). Piazza's other film appearances include The Candy Snatchers (1973); Piazza played a dramatic role in an episode of Barnaby Jones, titled “Bond of Fear” (04/15/1975),The Bad News Bears (1976), I Never Promised You a Rose Garden (1977), Nightwing (1979), Peter Bogdanovich's Mask (1985), Clean and Sober (1988), and Guilty by Suspicion (1991), in which he portrayed Hollywood film director/mogul Darryl F. Zanuck.  In 1986, Piazza had a three-month stint on the daytime soap opera Santa Barbara as Dr. A.L. Rawlings.
<Alan_Lloyd_Hodgkin>	Sir Alan Lloyd Hodgkin OM KBE PRS (5 February 1914 – 20 December 1998) was an English physiologist and biophysicist who shared the 1963 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Andrew Huxley and John Eccles.Hodgkin was born in Banbury, Oxfordshire, on 5 February 1914. He was the oldest of three sons of Quakers George Hodgkin and Mary Wilson Hodgkin. His father was the son of Thomas Hodgkin and had read for the Natural Science Tripos at Cambridge where he had befriended electrophysiologist Keith Lucas. Because of poor eyesight he was unable to study medicine and eventually ended up working for a bank in Banbury. As members of the Society of Friends, George and Mary opposed the Military Service Act of 1916 and had to endure a great deal of abuse from their local community, including an attempt to throw George in one of the town canals. In 1916 George Hodgkin travelled to Armenia as part of an investigation of distress. Moved by the misery and suffering of Armenian refugees he attempted to go back there in 1918 on a route through the Persian Gulf (as the northern route was closed because of the October Revolution in Russia). He died of dysentery in Baghdad on 24 June 1918, just a few weeks after his youngest son, Keith, had been born.
<Dennis_Potter>	Dennis Christopher George Potter (17 May 1935 – 7 June 1994) was an English television dramatist, screenwriter and journalist. He is best known for his BBC television serials Pennies from Heaven (1978), The Singing Detective (1986), and the BBC television plays Blue Remembered Hills (1979) and Brimstone and Treacle (1976). His television dramas mixed fantasy and reality, the personal and the social, and often used themes and images from popular culture. Potter is widely regarded as one of the most influential and innovative dramatists to have worked in British television.Born in Gloucestershire and graduating from Oxford University, Potter initially worked in journalism. After standing for parliament as a Labour candidate at the 1964 general election, his health was affected by the onset of psoriatic arthropathy which necessitated Potter to change career and led to him becoming a television dramatist. He began with contributions to BBC1's regular series The Wednesday Play from 1965, and he continued to work in the medium for the rest of his life, including writing screenplay adaptations for Hollywood studios. Potter died of pancreatic cancer in 1994.
<Lloyd_Berkner>	Lloyd Viel Berkner (February 1, 1905 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin – June 4, 1967 in Washington, D.C.) was an American physicist and engineer. He was one of the inventors of the measuring device that since has become standard at ionospheric stations because it measures the height and electron density of the ionosphere. The data obtained in the worldwide net of such instruments  were important for the developing theory of short wave radio propagation to which Berkner himself gave important contributions.Later he investigated the development of the Earth's atmosphere.  Since he needed data from the whole world, he proposed the International Geophysical Year in 1950. At that time, the IGY was the largest cooperative study of the Earth ever undertaken.Berkner was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1956. The IGY was carried out by the International Council of Scientific Unions while he was president in 1957–1959. He was also a member of the President's Scientific Advisory Committee in 1958 while he was president of Associated Universities Inc.
<Roger_Spottiswoode>	John Roger Spottiswoode (born 5 January 1945) is a Canadian-British director, editor and writer of film and television.He was born in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, and was raised in Britain. His father Raymond Spottiswoode was a British film theoretician who worked at the National Film Board of Canada during the 1940s, directing such short films such as Wings of a Continent.
<Odense_Boldklub>	Odense Boldklub (Danish pronunciation: [ˈoˀðn̩sə ˈpʌlˀtkʰlup]; also known as Odense BK or the more commonly used OB) is a Danish professional football club based in the city Odense. The club has won three Danish championships and five Danish Cup trophies. OB play in the Danish Superliga and their home field is Nature Energy Park. OB's clubhouse is located in Ådalen near Odense River.OB were founded on 12 July 1887 as Odense Cricketklub, with cricket the only sport. In 1889, football and tennis departments were included in the club, and it changed name to the present Odense Boldklub. The club were then located in Munke Mose (The Monks bog) in Odense. OB moved to Ådalen in 1968, where the club still trains today.
<Yoriyasu_Arima>	Count Yoriyasu Arima (有馬 頼寧, Arima Yoriyasu, December 17, 1884 – January 9, 1957) was a Japanese politician before and during World War II. His wife was the daughter of Prince Takeda Tsunehisa.Arima was born in Tokyo as a son of the former daimyō of Kurume Domain (now part of Fukuoka Prefecture). He studied agricultural science at the Tokyo Imperial University, and later became a professor there.He read Karl Marx and Max Stirner, and other radical philosophers, and became attracted to the agrarian movement and radical political ideas. Arima founded the Nihon Nomin Kumiai (Japan Farmer's Union) together with Kagawa Toyohiko. He was active in various social programmes, including the establishment and support of night school, women's education, farmer's rights, and the rights of the burakumin, and was chairman of a cultural association aimed at improving education and cultural awareness in rural areas.
<What_You_Need_(The_Twilight_Zone)>	"What You Need" is episode 12 of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone. It is based on the short story of the same name by Lewis Padgett (Henry Kuttner and C. L. Moore), which was published in the October 1945 issue of Astounding Science Fiction magazine.You're looking at Mr. Fred Renard, who carries on his shoulder a chip the size of the national debt. This is a sour man, a friendless man, a lonely man, a grasping, compulsive, nervous man. This is a man who has lived thirty-six undistinguished, meaningless, pointless, failure-laden years and who at this moment looks for an escape—any escape, any way, anything, anybody—to get out of the rut. And this little old man is just what Mr. Renard is waiting for.Pedott, a peddler, has the curious ability to give people exactly what they need before they need it. He enters a bar, where he first gives a woman a vial of cleaning fluid. Then he gives a down-on-his-luck ex-baseball player a bus ticket to Scranton, Pennsylvania. Moments later, via the establishment's pay phone, the ball player receives a job offer in Scranton.  He is to meet the General Manager of a team he has been hired to coach and wishes the spot he notices on his jacket could be cleaned away, so he could look his best. The woman approaches and offers to use her cleaning fluid to remove it.  The two are clearly drawn to each other.
<Brazilian_Social_Democracy_Party>	The Brazilian Social Democracy Party (Portuguese: Partido da Social Democracia Brasileira, PSDB), also known as the Brazilian Social Democratic Party or the Party of Brazilian Social Democracy, is a political party in Brazil. As the third largest party in the National Congress, the PSDB was the main opposition party against the Workers' Party (PT) administrations of Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva and Dilma Rousseff from 2003 to 2016.Born together as part of the social democratic opposition to the military dictatorship from the late 1970s through the 1980s, the PSDB and the PT have since the mid-1990s been the bitterest of rivals in current Brazilian politics—both parties prohibit any kind of coalition or official cooperation with each other at any government levels. The PSDB's mascot is a blue and yellow colored toucan, with party members being called tucanos for this reason. Famous tucanos include Mário Covas, Geraldo Alckmin, Tasso Jereissati, Aécio Neves, former President Fernando Henrique Cardoso, Franco Montoro, Aloysio Nunes, Yeda Crusius, João Doria, and José Serra.
<Kiel>	Kiel (German: [kiːl] (listen)) is the capital and most populous city in the northern German state of Schleswig-Holstein, with a population of 246,243 (2021).Kiel lies approximately 90 kilometres (56 mi) north of Hamburg. Due to its geographic location in the southeast of the Jutland peninsula on the southwestern shore of the Baltic Sea, Kiel has become one of Germany's major maritime centres, known for a variety of international sailing events, including the annual Kiel Week, which is the biggest sailing event in the world. Kiel is also known for the Kiel Mutiny, when sailors refused to board their vessels in protest against Germany's further participation in World War I, resulting in the abdication of the Kaiser and the formation of the Weimar Republic. The Olympic sailing competitions of the 1936 and the 1972 Summer Olympics were held in the Bay of Kiel.Kiel has also been one of the traditional homes of the German Navy's Baltic fleet, and continues to be a major high-tech shipbuilding centre. Located in Kiel is the GEOMAR – Helmholtz Centre for Ocean Research Kiel at the University of Kiel. Kiel is an important sea transport hub, thanks to its location on the Kiel Fjord (Kieler Förde) and the busiest artificial waterway in the world, Kiel Canal (Nord-Ostsee-Kanal). A number of passenger ferries to Sweden, Norway, Lithuania and other countries operate from here. Moreover, today Port of Kiel is a popular destination for cruise ships touring the Baltic Sea.
<AD_Alcorcón>	Agrupación Deportiva Alcorcón S.A.D. is a Spanish football team based in Alcorcón, in the autonomous community of Madrid. Founded in 1971, it currently plays in Primera Federación – Group 1, holding home matches at the Municipal de Santo Domingo, with a 5,100 seat capacity.Founded in 1971 by Dionisio Muñoz Jerez. The founding act of the club was signed on 20 July that year. Alcorcón spent roughly its first 30 years of existence in between the fourth division and the regional leagues. Alcorcón played its first match on 8 September 1971 against Atlético Madrid (youth team) and lost it 0:2. In 2000–01, it made its Segunda División B debut, finishing in 12th place, and spending the following seasons immersed in mid-table positions. The 2003–04 season Alcolcórn led by coach Raúl González finished in 10th position in Segunda División B.
<Tethered_Moon_Play_Kurt_Weill>	Tethered Moon Play Kurt Weill is an album by the group Tethered Moon, comprising pianist Masabumi Kikuchi, bassist Gary Peacock and drummer Paul Motian, recorded in late 1994 and released on the JMT label. The album features the groups interpretation of Kurt Weill's compositions.Allmusic awarded the album 4 stars, stating, "Kikuchi deserves accolades for not settling for another standard piano trio workout with the usual flashy runs and melody-solo-melody format. Instead, he really delves into the pieces, offering probing voicings and careful pacing, varying moods, timing, and tempo".Chris May wrote on AllAboutJazz, "It is not without some memorable moments—most notably "Speak Low," in which Motian takes a more assertive and forward role than he does for most of the time, and on which the group does achieve a sustained burn of collective momentum and beauty. But such moments are infrequent".
<Lydia_Zimmermann>	Lydia Martina Zimmermann Kuoni (born 30 December 1966 in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain) is a Spanish Catalan actress, film director and editor, businesswoman, author, activist, cinematographer, and academic.Lydia Zimmermann is the daughter of two Swiss parents, Yves Zimmermann, a graphic designer, and Bignia Silvia Zimmermann-Kuoni, an anthropologist and textile designer. Her parents met in the United States and moved to Spain. She has also lived in Australia, Canada, Haiti, Switzerland, and the United States. As of 2012, Zimmermann was working on a script of a film that was scheduled to begin shooting in Canada in 2012. Her partner is Isaac Pierre Marcel Racine, also a filmmaker, on whose 1998 film Remedios de Cuba: Scuba Drive she served as editor and on whose 2014 short film Troya she served as executive producer and director's advisor. Her son, Nilo Mur, is a filmmaker as well, and she acted in, together with Racine, and produced his 2007 short film Forse Domani. 
<Ayman_Mohyeldin>	Ayman Mohyeldin (Arabic: أيمن محيى الدين, IPA: [ˈʔæjmæn ˈmoħj edˈdiːn]; born April 18, 1979) is an Egyptian-born journalist based in New York for NBC News and MSNBC. Previously the anchor of an MSNBC weekday afternoon show, Ayman Mohyeldin Reports (formerly MSNBC Live with Ayman Mohyeldin), he currently hosts Ayman on weekend evenings on MSNBC, and Fridays on Peacock. He previously worked for Al Jazeera and CNN. He was one of the first Western journalists allowed to enter and report on the handing over and trial of the deposed President of Iraq Saddam Hussein by the Iraqi Interim Government for crimes against humanity. Mohyeldin has also covered the 2008–09 Gaza War as well as the Arab Spring.Mohyeldin was born in Cairo, Egypt, to an Egyptian father, Medhat Mohyeldin, and a Palestinian mother, Abla Awwad. His father is a certified public accountant in Marietta, Georgia. Mohyeldin has an older brother, Ahmed, who is a resident neurosurgeon at the Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center and former professional soccer star for the Atlanta Silverbacks. Mohyeldin lived in Egypt until the age of 5 when his parents emigrated to the U.S. He attended North Cobb High School in Kennesaw, Georgia.Mohyeldin received his undergraduate education at American University in Washington D.C., earning a BA in International Relations with a focus on the European Union. He received an MA in International Politics with a focus on Peace and Conflict Resolution. His graduate thesis was entitled "The News Media Paradigm in the War on Terrorism," and, in 2002, it was accepted by the International Association of Media Researchers Conference in Barcelona, Spain. He lived in Iraq from 2003–2005 as a foreign news producer with CNN.
<Reece_Brown>	Reece Brown may refer to:
<Richard_Lai>	Richard Lai Sung-lung, (4 August 1946 – 27 March 2008) was a former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong.Lai was born in Shanghai in a family doing jewellery and property business before he moved to Hong Kong in 1950. He studied textile industries at the Bolton Institute of Technology and Leeds University and worked as the director in textile companies.
<Guy_de_Rothschild>	with van Zuylen van Nyevelt:One stepdaughters:
<Rachel_Carson>	Rachel Louise Carson (May 27, 1907 – April 14, 1964) was an American marine biologist, writer, and conservationist whose influential book Silent Spring (1962) and other writings are credited with advancing the global environmental movement.Carson began her career as an aquatic biologist in the U.S. Bureau of Fisheries, and became a full-time nature writer in the 1950s. Her widely praised 1951 bestseller The Sea Around Us won her a U.S. National Book Award, recognition as a gifted writer and financial security. Her next book, The Edge of the Sea, and the reissued version of her first book, Under the Sea Wind, were also bestsellers. This sea trilogy explores the whole of ocean life from the shores to the depths.
<Jane_Hadley_Barkley>	Elizabeth Jane Barkley (née Rucker, formerly Hadley; September 23, 1911 – September 6, 1964), also commonly known as Jane Hadley Barkley, was the second lady of the United States from 1949 to 1953, as the wife of Vice President Alben W. Barkley.She was born in Keytesville, Missouri; her father was a lawyer and her mother a pianist who had studied in Europe. She married her first husband, Carleton Hadley, a lawyer, in 1931. Hadley, whom she met at Washington University in St. Louis, became a prominent railroad attorney. They had two daughters before his death in 1945 at 42.Carleton Sturtevant Hadley (Dec. 23, 1902 in Lowell, Massachusetts – Feb. 16, 1945 St. Louis, Missouri) came from the prominent Massachusetts Hadley family. He earned a B.A. (1923), LL.M. (1927), and M.A. (1929) from Washington University. He married Rucker in 1931, and had two children. He was a revered attorney nationally and a prominent member of the St. Louis Republican Party, and died from a heart attack aged 42 in St. Louis on February 16, 1945.
<Republic_of_Ireland_national_under-17_football_team>	The Republic of Ireland national under-17 football team, is the national under-17 football team of the Republic of Ireland and is controlled by the Football Association of Ireland and competes in the annual UEFA European Under-17 Championship and the biennial FIFA U-17 World Cup.The Republic of Ireland won the 1998 UEFA European Under-16 Championship in Scotland and the 1998 UEFA European Under-18 Championship.The team has never qualified for the FIFA Under-17 World Cup (formerly the FIFA Under-17 World Championship and FIFA Under-16 World Championship), and did not enter the 1985 edition.
<Alain_Juppé>	Alain Marie Juppé (French pronunciation: ​[alɛ̃ maʁi ʒype]; born 15 August 1945) is a French politician. A member of The Republicans, he was Prime Minister of France from 1995 to 1997 under President Jacques Chirac, during which period he faced major strikes that paralysed the country and became very unpopular. He left office after the victory of the left in the snap 1997 legislative elections. He had previously served as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1993 to 1995, and as Minister of the Budget and Spokesman for the Government from 1986 to 1988. He was president of the political party Union for a Popular Movement (UMP) from 2002 to 2004 and mayor of Bordeaux from 1995 to 2004.After the ghost jobs affair in December 2004, Juppé suspended his political career until he was re-elected as mayor of Bordeaux in October 2006. He served briefly as Minister of State for Ecology and Sustainable Development in 2007, but resigned in June 2007 after failing in his bid to be re-elected in the 2007 legislative election. He was Minister of Defence and Veterans Affairs from 2010 to 2011 and Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2011 to 2012.
<Joyce_Carol_Oates>	Joyce Carol Oates (born June 16, 1938) is an American writer. Oates published her first book in 1963, and has since published 58 novels, a number of plays and novellas, and many volumes of short stories, poetry, and non-fiction. Her novels Black Water (1992), What I Lived For (1994), and Blonde (2000), and her short story collections The Wheel of Love (1970) and Lovely, Dark, Deep: Stories (2014) were each finalists for the Pulitzer Prize. She has won many awards for her writing, including the National Book Award, for her novel them (1969), two O. Henry Awards, the National Humanities Medal, and the Jerusalem Prize (2019).Oates taught at Princeton University from 1978 to 2014, and is the Roger S. Berlind '52 Professor Emerita in the Humanities with the Program in Creative Writing. Since 2016, she has been a visiting professor at the University of California, Berkeley, where she teaches short fiction in the spring semesters.
<Mandy_Musgrave>	Amanda Marie Musgrave (born September 19, 1986) is an American actress and singer. Best known for her portrayal of Ashley Davies on the television series South of Nowhere, as well as portraying Misty Monroe in the web series Girltrash! and the film Girltrash: All Night Long, she has also appeared on a number of shows as a guest star.Musgrave was born in Orlando, Florida, and began acting at the age of 6. She became interested in acting while in high school. She performed roles in Anything Goes and The Miracle Worker.Within a year of arriving in Los Angeles, California, she appeared on the television show CSI: Crime Scene Investigation. Her big break came when she landed the role of Chelsea Benson on the daytime drama Days of Our Lives, appearing on the series from 2004 to 2005. In addition, Musgrave appeared on The King of Queens in 2005. Later that year, she debuted on South of Nowhere as Ashley Davies.
<Charles_S._Howard>	Charles Stewart Howard (February 28, 1877 – June 6, 1950) was an American businessman. He made his fortune as an automobile dealer and became a prominent thoroughbred racehorse owner.Howard was dubbed one of the most successful Buick salesmen of all time. He bought the soon-to-be-famous horse Seabiscuit. According to Laura Hillenbrand's biography of Seabiscuit, Howard's early car dealership in San Francisco was given a boost by the hand of fate; on the day of the 1906 San Francisco earthquake, he was one of the few individuals who had operational vehicles in the city, and was thus able to help the rescue effort significantly.In 1921, long before he bought Seabiscuit, Charles Howard purchased the 16,000-acre (6,475 ha) Ridgewood Ranch at Willits in Mendocino County. His 15-year-old son, Frankie, died there in 1926 after a truck accident on the property  (the elder Howard established the Frank R. Howard Memorial Hospital as a memorial to his son). Used as a secondary residence, by the 1930s Howard had converted part of the ranch into a thoroughbred horse breeding and training center. Although Seabiscuit was the most famous resident at Ridgewood Ranch, Charles Howard owned many horses in his secondary career as a Thoroughbred owner including Kayak II (also Kajak) and Hall of Fame colt Noor, the first of only two horses to defeat two U.S. Triple Crown champions.
<Morristown,_New_Jersey>	Morristown (/ˈmɒrɪstaʊn/) is a town and the county seat of Morris County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey. Morristown has been called "the military capital of the American Revolution" because of its strategic role in the war for independence from Great Britain. Today this history is visible in a variety of locations throughout the town that collectively make up Morristown National Historical Park.According to British colonial records, the first permanent settlement at Morristown occurred in 1715, when a settlement was founded as New Hanover by colonists from New York and Connecticut. Morris County was created on March 15, 1739, from portions of Hunterdon County. The county, and ultimately Morristown itself, was named for the popular Governor of the Province, Lewis Morris, who championed land ownership rights for colonists.
<Dublin>	Dublin (/ˈdʌblɪn/; Irish: Baile Átha Cliath, pronounced [ˈbˠalʲə aːhə ˈclʲiə] or [ˌbʲlʲaː ˈclʲiə]) is the capital and largest city of Ireland. On a bay at the mouth of the River Liffey, it is in the province of Leinster, bordered on the south by the Dublin Mountains, a part of the Wicklow Mountains range. At the 2016 census it had a population of 1,173,179, while the preliminary results of the 2022 census recorded that County Dublin as a whole had a population of 1,450,701, and that the population of the Greater Dublin Area was over 2 million, or roughly 40% of the Republic of Ireland's total population.A settlement was established in the area by the Gaels during or before the 7th century, followed by the Vikings. As the Kingdom of Dublin grew, it became Ireland's principal settlement by the 12th century Anglo-Norman invasion of Ireland. The city expanded rapidly from the 17th century and was briefly the second largest in the British Empire and sixth largest in Western Europe after the Acts of Union in 1800. Following independence in 1922, Dublin became the capital of the Irish Free State, renamed Ireland in 1937.
<Spartan_Stadium_(East_Lansing,_Michigan)>	Former capacitySpartan Stadium  (formerly College Field, Macklin Field, and Macklin Stadium), opened in 1923 in East Lansing, Michigan, United States.  It is primarily used for football, and is the home field of the Michigan State University Spartans.  After the addition of luxury boxes and club seating in 2004–2005, the capacity of the stadium grew from 72,027 to 75,005—though it has held more than 80,000 fans—making it the Big Ten's sixth largest stadium. It has been nicknamed "The Woodshed".In the early 1920s, school officials decided to construct a new stadium to replace Old College Field. The resulting stadium—the lower half of the current stadium—was ready in the fall of 1923 with a capacity of 14,000.  Over the years, the stadium grew.  In 1936, the field's track was removed and permanent north and south endzone seating was added, increasing the seating capacity to 26,000. This expansion was built as a part of the Works Progress Administration, an agency created by the New Deal that employed Americans to carry out public works projects. The facility was dedicated as Macklin Field, named in honor of former coach John Macklin, who put Michigan State football on the map with a 29–5 record from 1911 to 1915 with victories over big-name programs such as Michigan, Notre Dame, Ohio State, Penn State, and Wisconsin.  
<Wake_Forest_University>	Wake Forest University is a private research university in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. Founded in 1834, the university received its name from its original location in Wake Forest, north of Raleigh, North Carolina. The Reynolda Campus, the university's main campus, has been located north of downtown Winston-Salem since the university moved there in 1956. The Atrium Health Wake Forest Baptist medical campus has two locations, the older one located near the Ardmore neighborhood in central Winston-Salem, and the newer campus at Wake Forest Innovation Quarter downtown. The university also occupies lab space at Biotech Plaza at Innovation Quarter, and at the Center for Nanotechnology and Molecular Materials. The university's Graduate School of Management maintains a presence on the main campus in Winston-Salem and in Charlotte, North Carolina.WFU's undergraduate and graduate colleges and schools include Wake Forest University School of Law, Wake Forest University School of Divinity, Wake Forest University School of Business, Wake Forest Graduate School of Arts and Sciences, and Wake Forest University School of Medicine. Students can participate in over 250 student clubs and organizations including fraternities and sororities, intramural sports, a student newspaper and a radio station. The university is classified among "R-2: Doctoral Universities – High Research Activity".
<Unionist_Party_(United_States)>	The Unionist Party, later known as the Unconditional Union Party in the border states, was a political party in the United States started after the Compromise of 1850 to define politicians who supported the Compromise. It was used primarily as a label by politicians who did not want to affiliate with the Republicans, or wished to win over anti-secession Democrats. Members included Southern Democrats who were loyal to the Union as well as elements of the old Whig Party and other factions opposed to a separate Southern Confederacy.[citation needed]Following the beginning of the Civil War, state conventions would even endorse fusion tickets of Republicans and War Democrats under the Unionist banner, which the national party itself would do in the 1864 presidential election in the form of the National Union Party.[citation needed]The label first appeared in 1850, during the dispute over the Compromise of 1850. Southerners who supported the Compromise (mainly Whigs) adopted the Unionist label to win over pro-Compromise Democrats and defeat anti-Compromise Democrats. The name change emphasized the Compromise issue and implied that ordinary Whig political issues, such as the tariff, had been set aside.
<Unity_(Russian_political_party)>	Unity (Russian: Еди́нство, tr. Yedinstvo) was a Russian political party that was created in September 1999 and registered on 15 October 1999, supported by Russia’s President Boris Yeltsin, Prime Minister Vladimir Putin and dozens of Russian governors to counter the threat which the Kremlin perceived from the Fatherland-All Russia alliance. It was also unofficially dubbed "Medved’" (the bear) or "Medvedi" (bears), as "MeDvEd" was an acronym of its full name (Mezhregionalnoye Dvizheniye "Edinstvo"; Interregional movement "Unity"). Later the party adopted a brown bear for its symbol.The rise of Unity was meteoric given the short time period it had to create an identity, plan its campaign strategy and carry out its ambitious objectives. The establishment of the movement followed a declaration signed by 39 governors expressing their dissatisfaction with the political battles being fought in Russia. The initial meeting of these governors to form a new electoral movement was held on 24 September 1999. It was at this meeting that Minister of Emergency Situations Sergey Shoygu was selected as Unity’s leader.Prime Minister Putin immediately pledged support for the new bloc, saying it could help stabilize the political situation in Russia. On November 24, 1999 he told reporters that in his capacity as premier, he "should not define his political preferences" with respect to election blocs but "as an ordinary citizen" he will vote for Unity. The party’s leading candidates in 1999 State Duma elections were Sergey Shoygu, nine-times world wrestling champion Alexander Karelin and former senior police official Alexander Gurov. Unity, backed up by popular support for the Second Chechen War, relied on a campaign of verbal attacks to discredit the Fatherland-All Russia alliance. It was also heavily promoted by the ORT TV channel and especially "Sergey Dorenko's Program".
<Louis_Zorich>	Louis Zorich (February 12, 1924 – January 30, 2018) was an American actor. He played sporting good salesman Burt Buchman, Paul Buchman's father, on the NBC series Mad About You from 1993 to 1999.Zorich was born in Chicago, Illinois, the son of Serb immigrants from Croatia, Anna (née Gledic) and Christ Zoric. He attended Earle Elementary School before going on to attend Roosevelt University and Goodman School of Drama at the Art Institute of Chicago (now at DePaul University) in his hometown of Chicago. Louis' nephew, Chris Zorich, played professional football. 
<Roman_Abramovich>	Roman Arkadyevich Abramovich (Russian: Роман Аркадьевич Абрамович, pronounced [rɐˈman ɐrˈkadʲjɪvʲɪtɕ ɐbrɐˈmovʲɪtɕ]; Hebrew: רומן ארקדיביץ' אברמוביץ'; born 24 October 1966) is a Russian oligarch and politician.  He is the former owner of Chelsea, a Premier League football club in London, England, and is the primary owner of the private investment company Millhouse LLC. He has Russian, Israeli and Portuguese citizenship.
<Ernest_Hemingway>	Ernest Miller Hemingway (July 21, 1899 – July 2, 1961) was an American novelist, short-story writer, and journalist. His economical and understated style—which he termed the iceberg theory—had a strong influence on 20th-century fiction, while his adventurous lifestyle and public image brought him admiration from later generations. Hemingway produced most of his work between the mid-1920s and the mid-1950s, and he was awarded the 1954 Nobel Prize in Literature. He published seven novels, six short-story collections, and two nonfiction works. Three of his novels, four short-story collections, and three nonfiction works were published posthumously. Many of his works are considered classics of American literature.Hemingway was raised in Oak Park, Illinois. After high school, he was a reporter for a few months for The Kansas City Star before leaving for the Italian Front to enlist as an ambulance driver in World War I. In 1918, he was seriously wounded and returned home. His wartime experiences formed the basis for his novel A Farewell to Arms (1929).
<Ira_von_Fürstenberg>	Princess Virginia von Fürstenberg (Virginia Carolina Theresa Pancrazia Galdina Prinzessin zu Fürstenberg; born 18 April 1940), known professionally as Ira von Fürstenberg, is a European socialite, actress, jewelry designer and former public relations manager for the fashion designer Valentino Garavani. She is a member by birth of the princely family of Fürstenberg and a former member by marriage of the princely family of Hohenlohe-Langenburg.The daughter of Prince Tassilo zu Fürstenberg and his first wife, Clara Agnelli, she was born in Rome, Italy. Her paternal grandparents were Prince Karl Emil von Fürstenberg (1867–1945) and the Hungarian Countess Mária Matild Georgina Festetics von Tolna (24 May 1881– 2 March 1953), who was the daughter of Prince Tassilo Festetics von Tolna and Lady Mary Victoria Douglas-Hamilton. Her maternal great-grandmother was an American heiress, Jane Bourbon del Monte, Princess di San Faustino (née  Campbell).
<Peter_H._Raven>	Peter Hamilton Raven (born June 13, 1936) is an American botanist and environmentalist, notable as the longtime director, now President Emeritus, of the Missouri Botanical Garden.On June 13, 1936, Raven was born in Shanghai, China to American parents, Walter Francis Raven and Isabelle Marion Breen. His father's uncle Frank Jay Raven was, for a time, one of the wealthiest Americans in China, but was later jailed in a banking scandal. That incident and Japanese aggression in China led the Raven family to return to San Francisco, CA in the late 1930s.
<Kiran_Rao>	Kiran Rao (born 7 November 1973) is an Indian film producer, screenwriter, and director who works in Hindi cinema. In 2016, Rao co-founded Paani Foundation, a non-profit organisation working towards the mission of fighting drought in Maharashtra.Kiran Rao was born on 7 November 1973 in Bangalore, and grew up in Kolkata. In 1992, her parents decided to leave Calcutta so she moved to Mumbai with Ajay Goyal. She graduated with a food sciences major from the Sophia College for Women in 1995. She attended the Social Communications Media course at the Sophia Polytechnic for two months, but then quit and left for Delhi. She got her master's degree at AJK Mass Communication Research Center at Jamia Millia Islamia, New Delhi.
<Rubén_Iván_Martínez>	Rubén Iván Martínez Andrade (born 22 June 1984), known simply as Rubén, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.Born in Coristanco, Galicia, Rubén moved to FC Barcelona's youth academy in 1997, and reached the club's reserves five years later. As Turkey's Rüştü Reçber went on loan in the 2004–05 season he was handed the role of third choice in the first team, behind Víctor Valdés and Albert Jorquera.
<Jones_Bridge>	Philippine Bureau of Public Works (1920, 1945)The William A. Jones Memorial Bridge, commonly known as the Jones Bridge, is an arched girder bridge that spans the Pasig River in the City of Manila, Philippines. It is named after the United States legislator William Atkinson Jones, who served as the chairman of the U.S. Insular Affairs House Committee which had previously exercised jurisdiction over the Philippines and the principal author of the Jones Law that gave the country legislative autonomy from the United States. Built to replace the historic Puente de España (Bridge of Spain) in the 1910s, the bridge connects Quintin Paredes Road at the Binondo district to Padre Burgos Avenue at the Ermita district.Originally designed by Filipino architect Juan M. Arellano using French Neoclassical architecture, the first incarnation of the bridge features three arches resting on two heavy piers, adorned by faux-stone and concrete ornaments, as well as four sculptures on concrete plinths allegorically representing motherhood and nationhood. The original bridge was destroyed during the World War II by retreating Japanese troops and was reconstructed in 1946 by the U.S. and Philippine public works. The reconstructed bridge retained the three arches and two piers but removed all of the ornaments. The bridge was first partially restored in 1998. In 2019, the City Government of Manila began a rehabilitation project to "restore" the Jones Bridge to its near-original design using Beaux-Arts architecture similar to that of Pont Alexandre III in Paris and the return of all four La Madre Filipina sculptures.
<Brescia_Calcio>	Brescia Calcio, commonly referred to as Brescia (Italian pronunciation: [ˈbreʃʃa ˈkaltʃo]), is an Italian football club based in Brescia, Lombardy, that currently plays in Serie B.The club holds the record for total number of seasons (64) and consecutive seasons (18, from 1947–48 to 1964–65) in Serie B, which they have won four times. Their best finish in Serie A came in the 2000–01 season when they placed eighth. At the beginning of the 21st century, led by the 1993 Ballon d'Or winner Roberto Baggio, the club also qualified for the Intertoto Cup twice, reaching the final in 2001 but being defeated on the away goals rule by Paris Saint-Germain. During this era, Pep Guardiola, future highly decorated manager, also played for the club.
<Jordan_Slew>	Jordan Michael Slew (born 7 September 1992) is an English professional footballer who plays as a striker for National League club FC Halifax Town.Born in Sheffield, Slew began his footballing career at Sheffield United's academy in 2006, joining the club at the age of 11. After making his first-team debut in 2010, he attracted the interest of a number of clubs including Blackburn Rovers, for whom he signed in September 2011 for a £1.1 million fee. Slew also made two appearances for the England U19s in 2011. He subsequently spent time on loan at Stevenage, Oldham Athletic, Rotherham United, Ross County, and Port Vale. He joined Cambridge United in February 2015 and stayed with the club for 12 months. He signed with Chesterfield in February 2016, and then joined Plymouth Argyle four months later. He helped Plymouth to win promotion out of EFL League Two in 2016–17. He joined Rochdale in September 2017, before dropping into non-league football with Radcliffe four months later. He joined Boston United in October 2018 and then moved on to Ashton United 12 months later. He returned to the EFL with Morecambe in January 2020, dropping back into the National League with FC Halifax Town in August 2021.
<Sindika_Dokolo>	Sindika Dokolo (16 March 1972 – 29 October 2020) was a Congolese businessman and art collector. Since 2002 he had been married to Isabel dos Santos, the eldest daughter of José Eduardo dos Santos, then President of Angola. As of January 2020, he and his wife were under investigation for large scale corruption. Dokolo owned one of the most important contemporary African art collections of more than 3,000 pieces.He died on 29 October 2020, in a free diving accident near Umm al-Hatab Island in Dubai, UAE, at the age of 48.Sindika Dokolo was born in Kinshasa, capital of Zaire (now Democratic Republic of the Congo) in 1972 to Augustin Dokolo, a businessman, bank owner, millionaire, and collector of African arts, and his Danish wife Hanne Kruse. Dokolo was brought up in Belgium and France and graduated from the Lycée Saint-Louis-de-Gonzague in Paris. He studied economics, commerce and foreign languages at the Pierre and Marie Curie University and returned to Congo in 1995 to join his father´s businesses.
<Charter_Communications>	Charter Communications, Inc., is an American telecommunications and mass media company with services branded as Spectrum. With over 32 million customers in 41 states, it is the second-largest cable operator in the United States by subscribers, just behind Comcast, and the third-largest pay TV operator behind Comcast and AT&T. Charter is the fifth-largest telephone provider based on number of residential lines.In late 2012, with longtime Cablevision executive Thomas Rutledge named as their CEO, Charter relocated its corporate headquarters from St. Louis, Missouri, to Stamford, Connecticut, though kept many of its operations in St. Louis. On May 18, 2016, Charter finalized acquisition of Time Warner Cable and its sister company Bright House Networks, making it the third-largest pay television service in the United States. Charter ranked No. 70 in the 2019 Fortune 500 list of the largest United States corporations by total revenue.
<A_Taste_of_Honey_(film)>	A Taste of Honey is a 1961 British film adaptation of the 1958 play of the same name by Shelagh Delaney. Delaney wrote the screenplay with director Tony Richardson, who had directed the play on the stage. It is an exemplar of a gritty genre of British film that has come to be called kitchen sink realism.The film opened on 15 September 1961 at the Leicester Square Theatre in London's West End.
<Peter_S._Albin>	Peter Steigman Albin (December 20, 1934 – February 20, 2008) was an American economist who wrote and taught primarily in New York City. Among other contributions, he was known for applying cellular automata in the social sciences.Peter S. Albin  earned his BA, from Yale College in 1956 and Ph.D from Princeton in 1964, both in economics.He was a professor of economics at New York University from 1960 to 1974, and Chairman of the Economics Department of John Jay College of the City University of New York from 1974 to 1991.  He taught and performed research at the Levy Economics Institute. He was visiting professor at the University of Göttingen in 1979–1980, the University of California, Berkeley in 1972–1973, he taught at the Sorbonne, at Cambridge University (1968–1969), at the Institute of Advanced Studies (Vienna) (1977–1979).
<Giacomo_Quarenghi>	Giacomo Quarenghi (Italian pronunciation: [ˈdʒaːkomo kwaˈreŋɡi;  -ˈrɛŋɡi]; Russian: Джа́комо Кваре́нги, tr. Džákomo Kvaréngi, IPA: [ˈdʐakəmə kvɐˈrʲenʲɡʲɪ]; 20 or 21 September 1744 – 2 March [O.S. 18 February] 1817) was an Italian architect who was the foremost and most prolific practitioner of neoclassical architecture in Imperial Russia, particularly in Saint Petersburg. He brought into vogue an original monumental style, of Palladian inspiration, which was a reference for many architects who worked in Russia.He has been described as "the last of the great architects of Italy".Born in Rota d'Imagna near Bergamo to an Italian noble family, Quarenghi was destined by his parents for a career in law or the church but initially was allowed to study painting in the Bergamo studio of G. Reggi, himself a student of Tiepolo. Young Quarenghi was well educated and widely read. Traveling through Italy he visited Vicenza, Verona, Mantua and Venice, the places where he made the longest stays. He made drawings of the Greek temples at Paestum (Loukomski 1928) and finally arrived in Rome in 1763, at a moment when Neoclassicism was being developed in advanced artistic circles. He studied painting with Anton Raphael Mengs, then with Stefano Pozzi, later moving to study architecture (1767–69) with a traditionalist Late Baroque architect Paolo Posi.
<Fatima_Effendi>	Fatima Effendi (Urdu: فاطمہ آفندی) is a Pakistani actress and model. She has appeared in the Pakistani drama series Man-O-Salwa, Meri Zaat Zarra-e-Benishan, Ishq Ibadat and Kash Mai Teri Beti Na Hoti.Effendi was born in 1992 to a Muslim family in Karachi, Pakistan. Her mother Fouzia Mushtaq is also an actress. She has two sisters and a brother.She married Kanwar Arsalan on 17 November 2012 in Karachi. They have two sons.
<The_Red_Room_(Strindberg_novel)>	The Red Room (Swedish: Röda rummet) is a Swedish novel by August Strindberg that was first published in 1879. A satire of Stockholm society, it has frequently been described as the first modern Swedish novel. In this novel, Strindberg reflects his own experiences of living in poverty while writing this novel during February to November 1879. While receiving mixed reviews in Sweden, it was acclaimed in Denmark, where Strindberg was hailed as a genius. As a result of The Red Room, Strindberg became famous throughout Scandinavia. Edvard Brandes wrote that it "makes the reader want to join the fight against hypocrisy and reaction."A young idealistic civil servant, Arvid Falk, leaves the drudgery of bureaucracy to become a journalist and author. As he explores various social activities—politics, publishing, theatre, philanthropy, and business—he finds more hypocrisy and political corruption than he thought possible. He takes refuge with a group of "bohemians", who meet in a red dining room in Berns Salonger to discuss these matters.
<Sussanne_Khan>	Sussanne Khan, formerly known as Sussanne Roshan (born 26 October 1975), is an Indian interior and fashion designer. She is the former wife of actor Hrithik Roshan. Her father is actor Sanjay Khan.Sussanne Khan was born to Sanjay Khan and Zarine Katrak Khan on 26 October 1975, in Bombay, as the third child in their family; a family rich with film artists and fashion designers including her father, Sanjay Khan who was a prominent actor in the 1980s. Her mother, Zarine Katrak is also an actress as well as an interior designer. Her father is of mixed Afghan and Iranian descent while her mother comes from a Parsi family. She has 2 elder sisters and a younger brother.[citation needed]
<Julie_Hecht>	Julie Hecht is a contemporary American fiction writer specializing in interlacing short stories.Hecht has purposely revealed very little about her personal life. According to her publisher's website, she lives in the winter on the east end of Long Island, New York, and spends summer and fall in Massachusetts. In an interview with Publishers Weekly, Hecht said that the good reaction she got from her fellow schoolchildren gave her the idea to keep writing. "It's nice to look at a group of people and see them all smiling and laughing," she said. Hecht is somewhat reclusive about publicity, rarely giving interviews and avoiding the internet. She prefers to write by hand, sitting on a couch, and faxing her work back and forth to a typist for editing.
<Portland,_Maine>	Portland is the largest city in the U.S. state of Maine and the seat of Cumberland County. Portland's population was 68,408 in April 2020. The Greater Portland metropolitan area is home to over half a million people, the 104th-largest metropolitan area in the United States. Portland's economy relies mostly on the service sector and tourism. The Old Port is known for its nightlife and 19th-century architecture. Marine industry plays an important role in the city's economy, with an active waterfront that supports fishing and commercial shipping. The Port of Portland is the second-largest tonnage seaport in New England.The city seal depicts a phoenix rising from ashes, a reference to recovery from four devastating fires. Portland was named after the English Isle of Portland, Dorset. In turn, the city of Portland, Oregon was named after Portland, Maine. The word Portland is derived from the Old English word Portlanda, which means "land surrounding a harbor". The Greater Portland area has emerged as an important center for the creative economy, which is also bringing gentrification.
<George_Temple-Poole>	George Thomas Temple-Poole (born George Thomas Temple, 29 May 1856 – 27 February 1934) was a British architect and public servant, primarily known for his work in Western Australia from 1885.
<Vera_Farmiga>	Vera Ann Farmiga (/fɑːrˈmiːɡə/ far-MEEG-ə; born August 6, 1973) is an American actress who is best known for portraying paranormal investigator Lorraine Warren in the Conjuring Universe films The Conjuring (2013), The Conjuring 2 (2016), Annabelle Comes Home (2019) and The Conjuring: The Devil Made Me Do It (2021).Farmiga began her professional acting career on stage in the original Broadway production of Taking Sides (1996). She made her television debut in the Fox fantasy adventure series Roar (1997), and her feature film debut in the drama-thriller Return to Paradise (1998). Farmiga's breakthrough came in 2004 with her starring role as a drug addict in the drama Down to the Bone. She received further praise for the drama film Nothing But the Truth (2008), and won critical acclaim for starring in the 2009 comedy-drama Up in the Air, for which she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.
<Italdesign_Giugiaro>	Coordinates: 44°58′14″N 7°42′34″E﻿ / ﻿44.970628°N 7.709398°E﻿ / 44.970628; 7.709398Italdesign Giugiaro S.p.A. is a design and engineering company and brand based in Moncalieri, Italy, that traces its roots to the 1968 foundation of Studi Italiani Realizzazione Prototipi S.p.A. by Giorgetto Giugiaro and Aldo Mantovani. Best known for its automobile design work, Italdesign also offers product design, project management, styling, packaging, engineering, modeling, prototyping and testing services to manufacturers worldwide. As of 2010, Italdesign employs 800 people.On August 9, 2010, Volkswagen Group subsidiary Audi's subsidiary Lamborghini acquired 90.1% of the shares of Italdesign Giugiaro S.p.A., including the brand name rights and patents. The remaining shares were sold to Audi on 28 June 2015, with Giorgetto Giugiaro resigning from the firm at the same time.
<Russell_Hunter>	Adam Russell Hunter (18 February 1925 – 26 February 2004) was a Scottish television, stage and film actor. He played Lonely in the TV thriller series Callan, starring Edward Woodward, and shop steward Harry in the Yorkshire Television sitcom The Gaffer (1981–1983) with Bill Maynard. He made guest appearances in well-known series such as The Sweeney, Doctor Who, Taggart, A Touch of Frost, The Bill and Granada television's The Return of Sherlock Holmes in The Adventure of Silver Blaze.Born Russell Ellis in Glasgow, Hunter's childhood was spent with his maternal grandparents in Lanarkshire, until returning to his unemployed father and cleaner mother when he was 12. He went from school to an apprenticeship in a Clydebank shipyard. During this time, he did some amateur acting for the Young Communist League before turning professional in 1946.
<Hans_Kosterlitz>	Hans Walter Kosterlitz FRS (27 April 1903 – 26 October 1996) was a German-born British biochemist.Hans Walter Kosterlitz was born on 27 April 1903 in Berlin. He was the elder son of Bernhard Kosterlitz, a physician,  and Selma Helena Lepman.
<Alexis_Bledel>	Kimberly Alexis Bledel (/bləˈdɛl/ blə-DEL; born September 16, 1981) is an American actress and model. She is known for her role as Rory Gilmore on the television series Gilmore Girls (2000–2007), and Emily Malek in The Handmaid's Tale (2017–2021). Bledel also had a recurring role in Mad Men in 2012 and reprised her role as Rory Gilmore in the Netflix reunion miniseries Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life (2016).Bledel made her feature film debut as Winnie Foster in the Disney live action adaptation of Tuck Everlasting (2002), and went on to appear in Sin City (2005), Post Grad (2009), and as Lena Kaligaris in The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants film series.
<Amber_Rudd>	Amber Augusta Rudd (born 1 August 1963) is a British former politician who served as Home Secretary from 2016 to 2018 and Secretary of State for Work and Pensions from 2018 to 2019. She was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Hastings and Rye, first elected in 2010, representing the Conservative Party, and stood down from parliament in 2019. She identifies herself as a one-nation conservative, and has been associated with both socially liberal and economically liberal policies.Rudd was born in Marylebone and studied History at the University of Edinburgh School of History, Classics and Archaeology. Rudd worked as an investment banker before being elected to the House of Commons for Hastings and Rye in East Sussex in 2010, defeating incumbent Labour MP Michael Foster. Rudd served in the Cabinet as Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change from 2015 to 2016 in the Cameron Government, where she worked on renewable energy resources and climate change mitigation. She previously served as Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State at the Department for Energy and Climate Change from 2014 to 2015.
<Philippines>	Coordinates: 13°N 122°E﻿ / ﻿13°N 122°E﻿ / 13; 122Pinoy(colloquial masculine and neutral)Pinay(colloquial feminine)The Philippines (/ˈfɪlɪpiːnz/ (listen); Filipino: Pilipinas), officially the Republic of the Philippines (Filipino: Republika ng Pilipinas), is an archipelagic country in Southeast Asia. It is situated in the western Pacific Ocean and consists of around 7,641 islands that are broadly categorized under three main geographical divisions from north to south: Luzon, Visayas, and Mindanao. The Philippines is bounded by the South China Sea to the west, the Philippine Sea to the east, and the Celebes Sea to the southwest. It shares maritime borders with Taiwan to the north, Japan to the northeast, Palau to the east and southeast, Indonesia to the south, Malaysia to the southwest, Vietnam to the west, and China to the northwest. The Philippines covers an area of 300,000 km2 (120,000 sq mi) and, as of 2021[update], it had a population of around 109 million people, making it the world's thirteenth-most populous country. The Philippines has diverse ethnicities and cultures throughout its islands. Manila is the country's capital, while the largest city is Quezon City; both lie within the urban area of Metro Manila.
<University_of_British_Columbia>	Coordinates: 49°15′40″N 123°15′11″W﻿ / ﻿49.26111°N 123.25306°W﻿ / 49.26111; -123.25306Kelowna, British Columbia, CanadaThe University of British Columbia (UBC) is a public research university with campuses near Vancouver and in Kelowna, British Columbia. Established in 1908, it is British Columbia's oldest university. The university ranks among the top three universities in Canada. With an annual research budget of $759 million, UBC funds over 8,000 projects a year.
<Silvestre_Varela>	Silvestre Manuel Gonçalves Varela (born 2 February 1985) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for FC Porto B as a winger.He represented mainly Porto during his career, amassing Primeira Liga totals of 268 matches and 47 goals over 12 seasons and winning 11 major titles, including three national championships and the 2011 Europa League. He also competed professionally in Spain, England, Italy and Turkey.
<CNN_Chile>	CNN Chile (abbreviated as CNN CL) is a Chilean pay television news channel launched on 4 December 2008. It was originally a joint venture between VTR Chile and Warner Bros. Discovery. The channel is based in Santiago, Chile.It is the local version of popular TV news channel CNN, which had previously shown interest in the Chilean market when it covered the 2005 presidential elections through CNN en Español.The news channel is partnered with free-to-air network Chilevisión since 2010, when Turner Broadcasting System purchased it for $145 million to Sebastian Piñera's family.
<All_Media_Network>	RhythmOne plc, previously known as Blinkx, and also known as RhythmOne Group, is an American digital advertising technology company that owns and operates the web properties AllMusic, AllMovie, and SideReel.Blinkx was founded in 2004, went public on the AIM market of the London Stock Exchange in 2007, and began trading as RhythmOne in 2017. The company is headquartered in San Francisco, California, and London, England. RhythmOne acquired All Media Network and its portfolio of web properties in April 2015. In April 2019, RhythmOne merged with Taptica International (renamed Tremor International in June 2019), an advertising technology company headquartered in Israel.
<Anne_Shirley_(actress)>	Anne Shirley (born Dawn Evelyn Paris; April 17, 1918 – July 4, 1993) was an American actress.Beginning her career as a child actress under the stage name Dawn O'Day, she adopted the stage name of Anne Shirley, after playing the title character in the film adaptation of Anne of Green Gables in 1934, after which she achieved a successful career in supporting roles. Among her films is Stella Dallas (1937), for which she was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.Although Shirley left the acting profession in 1944, at the age of 26, she remained in Los Angeles, where she died at the age of 75.
<Tbilisi_State_University>	Ivane Javakhishvili Tbilisi State University (Georgian: ივანე ჯავახიშვილის სახელობის თბილისის სახელმწიფო უნივერსიტეტი Ivane Javaxishvilis saxelobis Tbilisis saxelmts'ipo universit'et'i, often shortened to its historical name, Tbilisi State University or TSU) is a public research university established on 8 February 1918 in Tbilisi, Georgia. Excluding academies and theological seminaries, which have intermittently functioned in Georgia for centuries, TSU is the oldest university in Georgia and the Caucasus region. Over 23 500 students are enrolled and the total number of faculty and staff (collaborators) is 5,000. According to the U.S. News & World Report university rankings, TSU is ranked 398th in the world, tied with the University of Warsaw.The university has five branches in the regions of Georgia, six faculties, 60 scientific-research laboratories and centers, a scientific library (with 3,700,000 books and periodicals), seven museums, publishing house and printing press (newspaper Tbilisis Universiteti).[citation needed]The main founder of the university was a Georgian historian and academician, Ivane Javakhishvili. Among the co-founders were also several scientists, including Giorgi Akhvlediani, Shalva Nutsubidze, Dimitri Uznadze, Grigol Tsereteli, Akaki Shanidze, Andrea Razmadze, Korneli Kekelidze, Ioseb Kipshidze, Petre Melikishvili and Ekvtime Takaishvili. Professor Petre Melikishvili, a Georgian chemist, became the first rector of TSU.
<J._D._Salinger>	Jerome David Salinger (/ˈsælɪndʒər/; January 1, 1919 –  January 27, 2010) was an American author best known for his 1951 novel The Catcher in the Rye. Salinger got his start in 1940, before serving in World War II, by publishing several short stories in Story magazine. In 1948, his critically acclaimed story "A Perfect Day for Bananafish" appeared in The New Yorker, which published much of his later work.The Catcher in the Rye was an immediate popular success; Salinger's depiction of adolescent alienation and loss of innocence was influential, especially among adolescent readers. The novel was widely read and controversial, and its success led to public attention and scrutiny. Salinger became reclusive, publishing less frequently. He followed Catcher with a short story collection, Nine Stories (1953); Franny and Zooey (1961), a volume containing a novella and a short story; and a volume containing two novellas, Raise High the Roof Beam, Carpenters and Seymour: An Introduction (1963). Salinger's last published work, the novella Hapworth 16, 1924, appeared in The New Yorker on June 19, 1965.
<Elana_Eden>	Elana Eden (Hebrew: אילנה עדן; born Elana Lani Cooper, 1 May 1940) is an Israeli actress of film, television, and stage, best known for her film debut as the title role in 20th Century Fox's biblical epic The Story of Ruth (1960).Eden was born in Bat Yam, Tel Aviv District, British Mandate of Palestine. Her father, Zvi Cooper, was a Polish-born landscape gardener who had settled in Palestine after World War I. Her mother (born c. 1910) was born in Russia. She has two older siblings: a brother Moti and a sister Tamar. She learned English at school and later attended high school at a kibbutz of the Sharon plain. She worked as a writer for Tel Aviv's newspaper Haaretz.
<Galapagos_(1955_film)>	Galapagos is a 1955 travel and nature documentary film made by explorer Thor Heyerdahl, showing the flora and fauna of the Galapagos archipelago.This article about a nature documentary film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Terri_Garber>	Terri Leslie Garber (born December 28, 1960 in Miami, Florida) is an American actress and entrepreneur.Garber's acting debut was as Allison Linden on the daytime soap opera Texas in 1982. Her first feature film role in the 1984 action film Toy Soldiers.
<Lasse_Hallström>	Lars Sven "Lasse" Hallström (Swedish: [ˈlâsːɛ ˈhâlːstrœm]; born 2 June 1946) is a Swedish film director. He first became known for directing almost all the music videos by the pop group ABBA, and subsequently became a feature film director. He was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Director for My Life as a Dog (Mitt liv som hund) (1985) and later for The Cider House Rules (1999). His other celebrated directorial works include What's Eating Gilbert Grape (1993) and Chocolat (2000).Hallström was born in Stockholm, Sweden. His father Nils Hallström was a dentist and his mother was the writer Karin Lyberg (1907–2000). His maternal grandfather, Ernst Lyberg, was the Minister of Finance in the first cabinet of Carl Gustaf Ekman (1926–1928) and leader of the Liberal Party of Sweden (1930–1933). His father was also enthusiastic about film and made a film called Sommarstad in 1939.
<Mehmet_Ali_Şahin>	Mehmet Ali Şahin (born 16 September 1950) is a Turkish politician. He was the Speaker of the Parliament of Turkey from 2009 to 2011.He was a member of the parliament for three terms from Istanbul Province and from Antalya Province of the ruling Justice and Development Party (AK Party). He served as Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Justice, and as Minister of State responsible for sports.
<William_C._Boyd>	William Clouser Boyd (March 4, 1903 – February 19, 1983) was an American immunochemist. In the 1930s, with his wife Lyle, he made a worldwide survey of the distribution of blood types.Born in Dearborn, Missouri, Boyd was educated at Harvard and Boston University. His career led to appointment as Professor of Immunochemistry at Boston University.Boyd's signal contribution was to discover that human blood groups are inherited and not influenced by environment. By genetic analysis of blood groups he hypothesized that human races are populations that differ by alleles. On that basis, he divided the world population into 13 geographically distinct races with different blood group gene profiles. In 1955, Boyd co-published the book Races and People with Isaac Asimov; they were both then professors at Boston University School of Medicine.
<Benjamin_Harrison>	Benjamin Harrison (August 20, 1833 – March 13, 1901) was an American lawyer and politician who served as the 23rd president of the United States from 1889 to 1893. He was a member of the Harrison family of Virginia–a grandson of the ninth president, William Henry Harrison, and a great-grandson of Benjamin Harrison V, a founding father.Harrison was born on a farm by the Ohio River and graduated from Miami University in Oxford, Ohio. After moving to Indianapolis, he established himself as a prominent local attorney, Presbyterian church leader, and politician in Indiana. During the American Civil War, he served in the Union Army as a colonel, and was confirmed by the U.S. Senate as a brevet brigadier general of volunteers in 1865. Harrison unsuccessfully ran for governor of Indiana in 1876. The Indiana General Assembly elected Harrison to a six-year term in the Senate, where he served from 1881 to 1887.
<Ross_School_of_Business>	The Stephen M. Ross School of Business, also known as Michigan Ross, is the business school of the University of Michigan, a public research university in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Founded in 1924, the school is ranked among the best business schools in the world by The Economist, Financial Times, QS World University Rankings, U.S. News & World Report, and Bloomberg Businessweek.The Ross School of Business offers bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees, as well as an executive education program. Its Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA), Master of Business Administration (MBA), and Executive Education programs have been ranked among the top in the U.S. and the world. Ross also offers dual degrees with other University of Michigan colleges and schools. The Distinguished Leader Certificate is offered by the Executive Education program.The first business courses were offered at the University of Michigan in 1900. Economics Department Chairman Henry Carter Adams oversaw the expanding practical courses to prepare students for business careers. The idea for the school came from the economics department. In 1918, the university's College of Literature, Science, and the Arts began issuing a Certificate of Business Administration. In 1923, University President Marion LeRoy Burton hired Edmund Ezra Day to serve as the founding dean of a new business school.
<Lee_Tae-sung>	Lee Tae-sung (born Lee Sung-deok on April 21, 1985) is a South Korean actor. He is known for his roles in 26 Years Diary, Playful Kiss, Rooftop Prince and My Golden Life and is currently a cast member of the reality show My Little Old Boy.The elder of two sons, Lee was born and raised in Ansan, Gyeonggi Province. His younger brother is singer Sung Yu-bin (Korean: 성유빈, born 1987), who is a member of the band BOB4. Lee was a baseball player in his youth and had aspired to play professionally before constant injuries forced him to give up the sport during his senior year. He graduated from Ansan Technical High School where he was schoolmates with St. Louis Cardinals pitcher Kim Kwang-hyun.Lee's first credited role was as baseball player Koo Chun-seo in the sports film Superstar Mr. Gam. He was cast in his first lead role in the 2005 film Blossom Again opposite veteran actress Kim Jung-eun and was nominated for Best New Actor at the Blue Dragon Film Awards and Baeksang Arts Awards. His next film was the 2006 Japanese-South Korean co-production 26 Years Diary, in which he portrayed the Korean student who was killed trying to save a man who had fallen off the platform at the Shin-Ōkubo Station. It garnered him much attention in Japan due to the high profile nature of the actual incident, which had occurred in 2001. He was cast in the second male lead role in the romantic comedy Two Outs in the Ninth Inning, in which he played a college baseball player aspiring to go professional. After a stint of playing mostly protagonist roles, he portrayed the villainous nemesis of Park Yoo-chun in the sageuk fusion drama Rooftop Prince followed by the scheming son of a chaebol family in Pots of Gold.
<Yoo_Ji-tae>	Yoo Ji-tae (born April 13, 1976) is a South Korean actor, film director and screenwriter. After a stint as a fashion model, Yoo launched his acting career in 1998 then rose to fame through the films Attack the Gas Station (1999) and Ditto (2000). In the succeeding years, he gained acting recognition by working with acclaimed directors such as Hur Jin-ho in One Fine Spring Day (2001), Park Chan-wook in Oldboy (2003), and Hong Sang-soo in Woman is the Future of Man (2004). Yoo began directing short films in 2003, which were well received in the film festival circuit. His feature directorial debut Mai Ratima was released in 2013.Yoo Ji-tae began his career as a fashion model, and he walked the runway for the Seoul Fashion Artist Association collections in 1995. Then in 2000, with a series of hit films and widely seen TV appearances, Yoo was more constantly in the limelight than any other actor, and in a very short time, rose to become a major actor in Korean film.
<Tribune_Broadcasting>	Tribune Broadcasting Company, LLC was an American media company which operated as a subsidiary of Tribune Media, a media conglomerate based in Chicago, Illinois. The group owned and operated television and radio stations throughout the United States, as well as full- or partial-ownership of cable television and national digital subchannel networks.Tribune's broadcasting unit originated with the June 1924 purchase of Chicago, Illinois radio station WDAP by the Chicago Tribune. The new owners changed the station's call letters to WGN, to match the Tribune's slogan, "World's Greatest Newspaper" first used by Tribune in a February 1909 feature commemorating the 100th anniversary of the birth of Abraham Lincoln and then served as the newspaper's motto from August 29, 1911, until December 31, 1976.On September 13, 1946, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) granted Tribune license to operate a television station on channel 9 in Chicagoand then signed-on a television station in Chicago, WGN-TV on April 5, 1948, initially as a dual affiliate of CBS and the DuMont Television Network. Two months later, the Tribune's then-sibling newspaper in New York City, the Daily News, established its own television station, independent WPIX.  WGN-TV became an independent outlet by 1956, and would eventually morph into a pioneering national superstation on November 9, 1978, as its signal was linked to cable and satellite customers across America.After McCormick succumbed from pneumonia-related complications on April 1, 1955, ownership of WGN-TV-AM, the Chicago Tribune and the News Syndicate Company properties would transfer to the McCormick-Patterson Trust, assigned to the Robert R. McCormick Tribune Foundation in the names of the non-familial heirs of McCormick (whose two marriages never produced any children) and familial heirs of Patterson. (The trust was dissolved in January 1975, with a majority of the trust's former beneficiaries, including descendants of the McCormick and Patterson families, owning stock in the restructured Tribune Company entity – which assumed oversight of all properties previously overseen by the trust – afterward.)In subsequent years, the Tribune Company gradually expanded its broadcasting unit, of which WGN-TV-AM served as its flagship stations, a tie forged in January 1966, when the subsidiary (sans the WPIX television and radio stations, which continued to be controlled by the Tribune-managed News Syndicate Co. before being fully integrated into the company's main station group following its 1991 sale of the Daily News) was renamed the WGN Continental Broadcasting Company.
<AJ_Auxerre>	Association de la Jeunesse Auxerroise (French pronunciation: ​[asɔsjɑsjɔ̃ də la ʒœnɛs osɛʁwaz]), commonly known as AJ Auxerre or simply Auxerre ([osɛʁ]), is a French football club based in the commune of Auxerre in Burgundy. The club was founded in 1905 and currently plays in Ligue 1, the first division of French football. Auxerre plays its home matches at the Stade l'Abbé-Deschamps on the banks of the Yonne River. The team is managed by Christophe Pélissier and captained by midfielder Birama Touré.Auxerre was founded in 1905 and made its debut in the first division of French football in the 1980–81 season and remained a fixture in the league until the 2011–12 season. The club has won the Ligue 1 title once, in the 1995–96 season. Two years prior, Auxerre achieved its first major honour by winning the Coupe de France in 1994. The club has since added three more Coupe de France titles, which ties the club for fifth-best among teams who have won the trophy.
<Atle_Selberg>	Atle Selberg (14 June 1917 – 6 August 2007) was a Norwegian mathematician known for his work in analytic number theory and the theory of automorphic forms, and in particular for bringing them into relation with spectral theory. He was awarded the Fields Medal in 1950 and an honorary Abel Prize in 2002.Selberg was born in Langesund, Norway, the son of teacher Anna Kristina Selberg and mathematician Ole Michael Ludvigsen Selberg. Two of his three brothers, Sigmund and Henrik, were also mathematicians.  His other brother, Arne, was a professor of engineering. While he was still at school he was influenced by the work of Srinivasa Ramanujan and he found an exact analytical formula for the partition function as suggested by the works of Ramanujan; however, this result was first published by Hans Rademacher. During the war he fought against the German invasion of Norway, and was imprisoned several times. He studied at the University of Oslo and completed his PhD in 1943.
<Saul_Bass>	Saul Bass (/bæs/; May 8, 1920 – April 25, 1996) was an American graphic designer and Oscar-winning filmmaker, best known for his design of motion-picture title sequences, film posters, and corporate logos.During his 40-year career, Bass worked for some of Hollywood's most prominent filmmakers, including Alfred Hitchcock, Otto Preminger, Billy Wilder, Stanley Kubrick and Martin Scorsese. Among his best known title sequences are the animated paper cut-out of a heroin addict's arm for Preminger's The Man with the Golden Arm, the credits racing up and down what eventually becomes a high-angle shot of a skyscraper in Hitchcock's North by Northwest, and the disjointed text that races together and apart in Psycho.Bass designed some of the most iconic corporate logos in North America, including the Geffen Records logo in 1980, the Hanna-Barbera "swirling star" logo in 1979, the sixth and final version of the Bell System logo in 1969, as well as AT&T Corporation's first globe logo in 1983 after the breakup of the Bell System. He also designed Continental Airlines' 1968 jet stream logo and United Airlines' 1974 tulip logo, which became some of the most recognized airline industry logos of the era. He died from non-Hodgkin's lymphoma in Los Angeles on April 25, 1996, at the age of 75.
<Roberta_(1935_film)>	Roberta is a 1935 American musical film by RKO starring Irene Dunne, Fred Astaire, Ginger Rogers, and Randolph Scott. It was an adaptation of the 1933 Broadway musical Roberta, which in turn was based on the novel Gowns by Roberta by Alice Duer Miller.  It was a solid hit, showing a net profit of more than three-quarters of a million dollars.The film kept the famous songs "Yesterdays", "Let's Begin" (with altered lyrics), and "Smoke Gets in Your Eyes" from the play, along with a fourth song, "I'll Be Hard to Handle". Three songs from the play were dropped—"The Touch of Your Hand", "Something Had to Happen" and "You're Devastating". Two songs were added to this film, "I Won't Dance" (resurrected from the flop Kern show Three Sisters) and "Lovely to Look At", which both became #1 hits in 1935. The latter addition was nominated for the Best Song Oscar. The songs "I Won't Dance" and "Lovely to Look At" have remained so popular that they are now almost always included in revivals and recordings of Roberta.This was the first of three pairings for Irene Dunne and Randolph Scott; High, Wide and Handsome (1937) and My Favorite Wife (1940) were the other two.
<Patrick_Byrne_(architect)>	Patrick Byrne (1783 – 10 January 1864) was an Irish architect who built many Catholic churches in Dublin. He also served as a vice president of the Royal Institute of the Architects of Ireland.He studied under Henry Aarond Baker (1753–1836) at the Dublin Society Schools from 4 February 1796. As Baker had been a student and partner of James Gandon, Byrne would likely have been introduced to neoclassicism around this time. Byrne won a second class premium in 1797 and a first class premium in 1798.
<Prince_Aly_Khan>	Prince Ali Salman Aga Khan (13 June 1911 – 12 May 1960), known as Aly Khan, was a Pakistani diplomat of Iranian and Italian descent. He was the son of the Aga Khan III, and the father of Aga Khan IV.A socialite, racehorse owner and jockey, he was the third husband of actress Rita Hayworth. After being passed over for succession as Aga Khan, he served as the Permanent Representative of Pakistan to the United Nations from 1958 to 1960, where he became a vice president of the General Assembly.
<John_Tower>	John Goodwin Tower (September 29, 1925 – April 5, 1991) was an American politician, serving as a Republican United States Senator from Texas from 1961 to 1985. He was the first Republican Senator elected from Texas since Reconstruction. Tower also led the Tower Commission, which investigated the Iran-Contra Affair, and was an unsuccessful nominee for U.S. Secretary of Defense in 1989.Born in Houston, Texas, he served in the Pacific Theater of World War II. After the war, he worked as a radio announcer and taught at Midwestern University (now Midwestern State University) in Wichita Falls. He switched from the Democratic Party to the Republican Party in the early 1950s and worked on the 1956 presidential campaign of Dwight D. Eisenhower. Tower lost Texas's 1960 Senate election to Democratic Senator Lyndon B. Johnson, but performed relatively well compared to his Republican predecessors. With the Democratic victory in the 1960 presidential election, Johnson vacated his Senate seat to become Vice President of the United States. In the 1961 special election, Tower defeated Johnson's appointed successor, Bill Blakley. He won re-election in 1966, 1972, and 1978.
<Nancy_Allen_(actress)>	Nancy Anne Allen (born June 24, 1950) is an American actress. She came to prominence for her performances in several films directed by Brian De Palma in the 1970s and early 1980s. Her accolades include a Golden Globe Award nomination and three Saturn Award nominations.The daughter of a New York City police lieutenant, Allen was raised in the Bronx, and attended the High School of Performing Arts, aspiring to have a career as a dancer. In her early twenties, she shifted her focus to acting and relocated to Los Angeles to pursue a career there. Her first major role was as Chris Hargensen in Brian De Palma's film adaptation of Carrie (1976). Allen was subsequently cast as the lead in the Robert Zemeckis-directed comedy I Wanna Hold Your Hand (1978), followed by a supporting part in Steven Spielberg's 1941 (1979).
<Electricity_Trust_of_South_Australia>	The Electricity Trust of South Australia (ETSA) was the South Australian Government-owned monopoly vertically integrated electricity provider from 1946 until its privatisation in 1999.Charles Todd, an early settler in Adelaide who oversaw telegraphic communications in the colony and beyond, also introduced the idea of electrical street lighting, necessitating a public electricity supply. An Act of Parliament created the South Australian Electric Company in 1882, but the company did not ever start to produce electricity, owing mainly to opposition by those holding interests in the South Australian Gas Company, which supplied power using natural gas.
<Charles_Thomson_Rees_Wilson>	Charles Thomson Rees Wilson, CH, FRS (14 February 1869 – 15 November 1959) was a Scottish physicist and meteorologist who won the Nobel Prize in Physics for his invention of the cloud chamber.Wilson was born in the parish of Glencorse, Midlothian to Annie Clark Harper and John Wilson, a sheep farmer. After his father died in 1873, he moved with his family to Manchester. With financial support from his step-brother he studied biology at Owens College, now the University of Manchester, with the intent of becoming a doctor. In 1887, he graduated from the College with a BSc. He won a scholarship to attend Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge, where he became interested in physics and chemistry. In 1892 he received 1st class honours in both parts of the Natural Science Tripos.
<Aakrosh_(1980_film)>	Aakrosh (transl. Outrage) is a 1980 Indian Hindi language legal drama film directed by Govind Nihalani in his debut and written by Vijay Tendulkar. Aakrosh starring Naseeruddin Shah, Om Puri and Amrish Puri in pivotal roles, was released to widely positive reviews; winning the Golden Peacock (Best Film) at the 8th International Film Festival of India, as well as the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Hindi and several other honors.Aakrosh was a debut film of Nihalani, who went on to be known for his dark and frighteningly real depictions of human angst in other landmark alternative movies such as Ardh Satya and Tamas. It is listed among the 60 films that shaped the Indian film industry spanning six decades.
<Belgium_national_under-19_football_team>	The Belgium national under-19 football team is the national under-19 football team of Belgium and is controlled by the Belgian Football Association. The team competes in the European Under-19 Football Championship, held every year.  Their biggest success was winning the tournament in 1977, albeit it wore a different name and had a different structure back then.Squad called up for the 2018 UEFA European Under-19 Championship qualification matches against Liechtenstein, Macedonia and Switzerland between 8 and 14 November 2017.
<Sebastián_Marroquín>	Sebastián Marroquín (born Juan Pablo Escobar Henao 24 February 1977) is a Colombian architect, author, and the son of Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar.After the death of Pablo Escobar in 1993, Juan Pablo Escobar Henao, his mother, and his sister Manuela Escobar first fled to Mozambique, then traveled on tourist visas to Argentina, where they ultimately remained and became citizens in exile from their native Colombia. Juan Pablo chose the name "Sebastián Marroquín" from the telephone book and adopted it as his new name since he needed a new identity, stating in an interview with Skavlan that airlines refused to sell to him under the Escobar name.
<Paul_Julian_(meteorologist)>	Paul Rowland Julian (born October 12, 1929), a Fellow of the American Meteorological Society, is an American meteorologist who served as a longtime staff scientist at the National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR), was co-author with Roland Madden of the study establishing the Madden–Julian oscillation (MJO), and contributed to the international, multi-institutional Global Atmospheric Research Program (GARP), Tropical Wind, Energy Conversion, and Reference Level Experiment (TWERLE), and Tropical Ocean-Global Atmosphere (TOGA) meteorology research programs. The MJO meteorologic phenomenon he co-discovered is the largest element of the intraseasonal variability in the tropical atmosphere, a traveling pattern arising from large-scale coupling between atmospheric circulation and tropical deep convection. Description of the MJO remains an important contribution to climate research with relevance to modern short- and long-term weather and climate modeling.Julian was born on October 12, 1929, and graduated from La Porte High School in 1947. He received an undergraduate physics degree from DePauw University in 1951, and a PhD in Meteorology from Pennsylvania State University.Julian joined the National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR), an early program of the National Science Foundation, as a staff scientist in 1962, two years into NCAR's existence There, he was a member of the Climate Analysis Section (CAS) in the CGD (Climate and Global Dynamics) area. Julian left NCAR circa 1987.
<Rui_Sacramento>	Rui Miguel Ferreira Neto Sacramento (born 31 January 1985) is a Portuguese former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.Born in Matosinhos, Sacramento joined FC Porto's youth system at the age of 15. He went on to make his senior debut with FC Porto B and C.A. Valdevez, with both teams in the third division (he also spent the 2006–07 season with Valdevez in the fourth).From 2008 to 2013, Sacramento alternated between the Segunda Liga and the third tier, representing Gil Vicente FC, S.C. Esmoriz, C.D. Feirense, A.D. Camacha, C.D. Cinfães and Leixões SC. With the latter club, he only missed one match out of a possible 42 in the 2012–13 campaign in a third-place finish in the latter league.
<Peter_Dervan>	Peter B. Dervan (born June 28, 1945) is the Bren Professor of Chemistry at the California Institute of Technology. The primary focus of his research is the development and study of small organic molecules that can sequence-specifically recognize DNA, a field in which he is an internationally recognized authority. The most important of these small molecules are pyrrole–imidazole polyamides.Dervan is credited with influencing "the course of research in organic chemistry through his studies at the interface of chemistry and biology" as a result of his work on "the chemical principles involved in sequence-specific recognition of double helical DNA".He is the recipient of many awards, including the National Medal of Science (2006).Peter B. Dervan was born on June 28, 1945 in Boston, Massachusetts.Dervan received his B.S. degree from Boston College in 1967, where professor Francis Bennett sparked his interest in synthetic organic chemistry. He began graduate studies at the University of Wisconsin then moved with Jerome A. Berson's research group to Yale University where he completed his graduate research in physical organic chemistry, studying ways in which chemical bonds are created and broken apart.  He received his Ph.D. degree from Yale in 1972, for The Stereochemistry of the Thermal Rearrangements of Trans-1,2-Dialkenylcyclobutanes and Cis-1,2-Dialkenylcyclobutanes. He then became an NIH postdoctoral fellow at Stanford.Dervan became an assistant professor of chemistry at Caltech in 1973, joining John D. Roberts, Robert G. Bergman and Robert Ellsworth Ireland in the organic chemistry group. He became an associate professor in 1979, and professor in 1982. He was appointed as the first Bren Professor of Chemistry in 1988. He served as Chair of Caltech's Division of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering from 1994 to 1999. Dervan has published more than 325 papers and taught hundreds of students.
<Brett_Gurewitz>	Brett W. Gurewitz (born May 12, 1962), nicknamed Mr. Brett, is an American musician best known as the lead guitarist of Bad Religion. He is also the owner of the music label Epitaph Records and a number of sister labels. He has produced albums for Bad Religion as well as Epitaph Records labelmates NOFX, Rancid, and Pennywise, among others. Gurewitz also had a project called Error, which also featured Atticus Ross, Leopold Ross, and Greg Puciato. He is also the co-founder of comic book and graphic novel publisher, Black Mask Studios.Gurewitz founded Bad Religion in 1980 with Greg Graffin, Jay Bentley and Jay Ziskrout. After releasing two albums and one EP, Gurewitz left Bad Religion in 1983, but rejoined three years later, and recorded five more albums with the band before they signed to Atlantic Records in 1993. The success of his record label Epitaph prompted Gurewitz to leave Bad Religion once again in 1994, and run the label on a full-time basis. During his hiatus from Bad Religion, he released the "Hate You" single in 1996 with his one-off project Daredevils, and entered a period of drug addiction. By 1999, Gurewitz had successfully completed drug rehabilitation, and two years later he rejoined Bad Religion, appearing on six more studio albums with them.
<Yuan_T._Lee>	Yuan Tseh Lee (Chinese: 李遠哲; pinyin: Lǐ Yuǎnzhé; Wade–Giles: Li³ Yüan³-che²; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Lí Oán-tiat; born 19 November 1936) is a Taiwanese chemist and a Professor Emeritus at the University of California, Berkeley. He was the first Taiwanese Nobel Prize laureate who, along with the Hungarian-Canadian John C. Polanyi and American Dudley R. Herschbach, won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1986 "for their contributions to the dynamics of chemical elementary processes".Lee's particular physical chemistry work was related to the use of advanced chemical kinetics techniques to investigate and manipulate the behavior of chemical reactions using crossed molecular beams. From 15 January 1994 to 19 October 2006, Lee served as the President of the Academia Sinica of Taiwan. In 2011, he was elected head of the International Council for Science.
<Margaret_Johnston>	Margaret Johnston (10 August 1914 – 19 June 2002) was an Australian actress. Johnston was best known for her stage performances, but also appeared in 12 films and a handful of TV productions before retiring from acting in 1968 to devote herself to running a theatrical agency.Johnston was the second of three daughters born in Australia to English parents. She was educated at the North Sydney Girls High School, then at the University of Sydney where she studied Law. Johnston had shown an interest  and aptitude for drama from an early age acting in various school productions before working professionally in Sydney's theatres. It was reported that her oft-stated ambition at this time was "to move to Europe, to learn her craft, and to lose her (Australian) accent."  In 1936, Johnston (accompanied by her sisters) travelled to Britain in order to pursue her career. She was accepted as a student by the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, where she was tutored by Stefan Hock.
<Mill_Hill_(Isle_of_Wight)_railway_station>	Mill Hill railway station is a disused station in Cowes on the Isle of Wight. It opened on 16 June 1862 and was first seen as the down train from the main Cowes railway station emerged from the 208 yard tunnel along the curving platform, the sweep still visible in 2005 on a small area of grass where the demolished station  once stood. Unlike many of the Island's railway stations, Mill Hill was busy at the beginning and end of each working day, depositing and picking up hundreds of workmen from shipyards.
<Stanton_J._Peale>	Stanton Jerrold Peale (January 23, 1937 – May 14, 2015) was an American astrophysicist, planetary scientist, and Professor at the University of California, Santa Barbara. His research interests include the geophysical and dynamical properties of planets and exoplanets.Stanton J. Peale received a Ph.D. in astronomy from Cornell University in 1965, where he worked with Thomas Gold. He was an assistant professor of astronomy at UCLA before moving to UCSB in 1968.In 1969 Peale published a generalization of Cassini's laws that explain the rotation of the Moon and other bodies subject to tides.
<William_Seale>	William Seale was an American historian and author whose primary interest was in historic architecture, particularly that of the White House, state capitols, and historic governors' mansions, who was "instrumental in preserving many historic structures across the country", including private homes.  In 1983, he founded the scholarly journal White House History, which he edited for the White House Historical Association until his death.  Seale was born and raised in Beaumont, Texas, the son of William Seale, a contractor who studied historic building practices, and Eugenia Brooks Seale, who "had an eye for interiors" and furnishings. He attended Southwestern University (BA 1961) and Duke University (MA 1964 and PhD 1965). He taught for several years at Lamar University, the University of Houston, the University of South Carolina, and Columbia University. In 1965, he moved to Washington, D. C., and the following year married Lucinda Smith of Alexandria, Virginia.  The couple lived in Alexandria and had two sons.From 1973 to 1974, Seale was curator of cultural history at the Smithsonian Institution. He then became an independent scholar, publishing many books and essays, and frequently appearing on C-SPAN to discuss the history and preservation of significant American buildings.
<The_Lamentable_Journey_of_Omaha_Bigelow_into_the_Impenetrable_Loisaida_Jungle>	The Lamentable Journey of Omaha Bigelow into the Impenetrable Loisaida Jungle is a 2004 novel by Edgardo Vega Yunqué.The novel follows Omaha Bigelow, a 35-year-old failure, with whom Maruquita Salsipuedesa, a 15-year-old bruja, falls in love. She has her mother perform a "Ceremony of Enlargement" that makes him frequently irresistible to women, and picaresque, magic realist, erotic adventures follow.Omaha Bigelow's narrative is frequently interrupted by authorial commentary, on topics including baseball, literary ethnic ghettos, racism, and U. S. warmongering.
<California>	California is a state in the Western United States, located along the Pacific Coast. With nearly 39.2 million residents across a total area of approximately 163,696 square miles (423,970 km2), it is the most populous U.S. state and the 3rd largest by area. It is also the most populated subnational entity in North America and the 34th most populous in the world. The Greater Los Angeles area and the San Francisco Bay Area are the nation's second and fifth most populous urban regions respectively, with the former having more than 18.7 million residents and the latter having over 9.6 million. Sacramento is the state's capital, while Los Angeles is the most populous city in the state and the second most populous city in the country. San Francisco is the second most densely populated major city in the country. Los Angeles County is the country's most populous, while San Bernardino County is the largest county by area in the country. California borders Oregon to the north, Nevada and Arizona to the east, the Mexican state of Baja California to the south; and has a coastline along the Pacific Ocean to the west.The economy of the state of California is the largest in the United States, with a $3.4 trillion gross state product (GSP) as of 2022[update]. It is the largest sub-national economy in the world. If California were a sovereign nation, it would rank as the world's fifth-largest economy as of 2022[update], behind Germany and ahead of India, as well as the 37th most populous. The Greater Los Angeles area and the San Francisco Bay Area are the nation's second- and third-largest urban economies ($1.0 trillion and $0.5 trillion respectively as of 2020[update]). The San Francisco Bay Area Combined Statistical Area had the nation's highest gross domestic product per capita ($106,757) among large primary statistical areas in 2018, and is home to five of the world's ten largest companies by market capitalization and four of the world's ten richest people.
<Romero_Jucá>	Romero Jucá Filho (Brazilian Portuguese: [ʁõˈmɛɾw ʒuˈka]; born 30 November 1954) is a Brazilian politician and economist. He represented Roraima in the Federal Senate for 24 years, from 1995 to 2019. Previously, he was governor of Roraima from 1988 to 1990. He is a member of MDB. On 5 April 2016, he became the president of the MDB, succeeding Michel Temer.On 23 May 2016, a secret recording emerged of minister Jucá, who is under investigation in the multibillion-dollar kickback scheme at state oil company Petrobras, discussing a purported pact to stall a huge corruption probe that has engulfed much of the nation. The secret tape also revealed him plotting to topple President Rousseff. After the newspaper O Globo, highly critical of Rousseff, posted an editorial urging the interim president to fire his right-hand man, Temer accepted the temporary departure of his minister.
<Grand_Hotel,_Birmingham>	The Grand Hotel is a Grade II* listed Victorian five star hotel in the city centre of Birmingham, England. The hotel occupies the greater part of a block bounded by Colmore Row, Church Street, Barwick Street and Livery Street and overlooks St Philip's Cathedral and churchyard. Designed by architect Thomson Plevins, construction began in 1875 and the hotel opened in 1879. Extensions and extensive interior renovations were undertaken by prominent Birmingham architecture firm Martin & Chamberlain from 1890 to 1895. Interior renovations included the building of the Grosvenor Room with Louis XIV style decoration.The hotel closed in 2002 and due to the risk of crumbling stonework where it remained under scaffolding and protective covers for ten years. In 2012 planning permission was granted for plans to restore the building into a luxury hotel. Works to the exterior began in October 2012 and completed in 2021. The hotel reopened in May 2021 with 185 bedrooms, two new bars and a restaurant, a gymnasium, meeting rooms, collaboration areas, and event spaces.[citation needed]
<George_Biddell_Airy>	Sir George Biddell Airy KCB PRS (/ˈɛəri/; 27 July 1801 – 2 January 1892) was an English mathematician and astronomer, and the seventh Astronomer Royal from 1835 to 1881. His many achievements include work on planetary orbits, measuring the mean density of the Earth, a method of solution of two-dimensional problems in solid mechanics and, in his role as Astronomer Royal, establishing Greenwich as the location of the prime meridian.Airy was born at Alnwick, one of a long line of Airys who traced their descent back to a family of the same name residing at Kentmere, in Westmorland, in the 14th century. The branch to which he belonged, having suffered in the English Civil War, moved to Lincolnshire and became farmers. Airy was educated first at elementary schools in Hereford, and afterwards at Colchester Royal Grammar School. An introverted child, Airy gained popularity with his schoolmates through his great skill in the construction of peashooters.
<Stoyan_N._Karastoyanoff>	Stoyan N. Karastoyanoff, AIA, was a minor American architect practicing in New York City in the early twentieth century. Little of his work is known and his career was severely affected and cut short by the Great Depression. He is best known as the architect of the current Holy Cross Armenian Apostolic Church (New York City). In the 1910s he practiced from 114 East 28th Street before moving uptown to 220 Audubon Avenue, Washington Heights, Manhattan, roughly following the concurrent migration of German immigrants there of whom many where his clients.This article about a United States architect or architectural firm is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Tim_Berne>	Tim Berne (born October 16, 1954) is an American avant-garde jazz saxophonist and record label owner. His primary instruments are the alto and baritone saxophones.Berne was born in Syracuse, New York, United States. He has said that he had no interest in playing an instrument until he attended Lewis & Clark College in Oregon. Hearing the album Dogon A.D. (1972) by Julius Hemphill turned his attention toward jazz. He was a fan of rhythm and blues, and it seemed to him that Hemphill was playing jazz with the soulfulness of R&B. In 1974, he went to New York to find Hemphill, who gave him saxophone lessons and advice on how to manage his career. Berne started the record label Empire in 1979.For Empire, he recorded four albums with avant-garde jazz musicians such as John Carter, Alex Cline, Nels Cline, Olu Dara, Vinny Golia, Paul Motian, and Ed Schuller. His next two albums appeared on Soul Note in the early 1980s. In these sessions he worked with trumpeter Herb Robertson. He then got a contract with Columbia and recorded with Robertson, Hank Roberts, and Bill Frisell. After two albums, he signed with JMT, a label known for avant-garde jazz. In the 1990s, he recorded in the trio, Miniature, with Roberts and Joey Baron, and in the band Caos Totale with Django Bates, Mark Dresser, Marc Ducret, Steve Swell, and Bobby Previte. He led a trio with Michael Formanek and Jim Black, then added Chris Speed for a quartet. PolyGram bought JMT and closed it. This motivated Berne to start Screwgun Records as the outlet for his albums.
<Grosvenor_Atterbury>	Grosvenor Atterbury (July 7, 1869 in Detroit, MI – October 18, 1956 in Southampton, NY) was an American architect, urban planner and writer. He studied at Yale University, where he was an editor of campus humor magazine The Yale Record After travelling in Europe, he studied architecture at Columbia University and worked in the offices of McKim, Mead & White.Much of Atterbury's early work consisted of weekend houses for wealthy industrialists. Atterbury was given the commission for the model housing community of Forest Hills Gardens which began in 1909 under the sponsorship of the Russell Sage Foundation.For Forest Hills, Atterbury developed an innovative construction method: each house was built from approximately 170 standardized precast concrete panels, fabricated off-site and assembled by crane. The system was sophisticated even by modern standards: panels were cast with integral hollow insulation chambers; casting formwork incorporated an internal sleeve, allowing molds to be "broken" before concrete had completely set; and panels were moved to the site in only two operations (formwork to truck and truck to crane).
<Joseph_L._Goldstein>	Joseph Leonard Goldstein ForMemRS (born April 18, 1940) is an American biochemist.  He received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1985, along with fellow University of Texas Southwestern researcher, Michael Brown, for their studies regarding cholesterol. They discovered that human cells have low-density lipoprotein (LDL) receptors that remove cholesterol from the blood and that when LDL receptors are not present in sufficient numbers, individuals develop hypercholesterolemia and become at risk for cholesterol related diseases, notably coronary heart disease. Their studies led to the development of statin drugs.Goldstein was born in Kingstree, South Carolina, the son of Fannie (Alpert) and Isadore E. Goldstein, who owned a clothing store. Goldstein received his BSci from Washington and Lee University in 1962, and his MD from the University of Texas Southwestern Medical School in 1966. Upon completion of his residency, Goldstein moved to the National Institutes of Health (NIH) in Bethesda, Maryland, where he worked in biochemical genetics. In 1972, Goldstein relocated back to the Southwestern Medical Center, accepting a post as the head of the Division of Medical Genetics.At the Southwestern Medical Center Goldstein collaborated extensively with Michael Brown, a fellow researcher at the center who had also worked at the NIH. From 1973 to 1985, Goldstein and Brown together published over one hundred major papers. They are both listed in Thomson Reuters’ index of highly cited authors. Frequently mentioned as a candidate for nationally prominent positions in scientific administration, Goldstein, like his colleague Michael Brown, chose to continue hands-on research.
<Gayle_Hunnicutt>	Gayle Jenkins, Lady Jenkins (née Hunnicutt; born February 6, 1943) is an American retired film, television and stage actress. She has made more than 30 film appearances.The daughter of Colonel Sam Lloyd Hunnicutt and Mary Virginia (née Dickerson) Hunnicutt, she was born in Fort Worth, Texas. Hunnicutt attended the University of California, Los Angeles on a scholarship to study English literature and theatre. She worked as a fashion model, then became an actress.[citation needed]
<Ezra_T._Newman>	Ezra Theodore (Ted) Newman (October 17, 1929 – March 24, 2021) was an American physicist, known for his many contributions to general relativity theory. He was Professor Emeritus at the University of Pittsburgh. Newman was awarded the 2011 Einstein Prize from the American Physical Society.Newman was born in the Bronx, New York City to David and Fannie (Slutsky) Newman. He showed an early interest in science, pondering magnets, match flames, and science books.He was admitted to the Bronx High School of Science, where he excelled at physics.  Ted's father hoped that he would follow him into dentistry, but instead Ted enrolled at New York University to further his study of physics, graduating with a B.A. in 1951. For graduate education he went to Syracuse University, obtaining an M.A. in 1955 and a Ph.D. the following year.
<Daphne_Koller>	Daphne Koller (Hebrew: דפנה קולר; born August 27, 1968) is an Israeli-American computer scientist. She was a professor in the department of computer science at Stanford University and a MacArthur Foundation fellowship recipient. She is one of the founders of Coursera, an online education platform. Her general research area is artificial intelligence and its applications in the biomedical sciences. Koller was featured in a 2004 article by MIT Technology Review titled "10 Emerging Technologies That Will Change Your World" concerning the topic of Bayesian machine learning.Koller received a bachelor's degree from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in 1985, at the age of 17, and a master's degree from the same institution in 1986, at the age of 18. She completed her PhD at Stanford in 1993 under the supervision of Joseph Halpern.After her PhD, Koller did postdoctoral research at University of California, Berkeley from 1993 to 1995 under Stuart J. Russell, and joined the faculty of the Stanford University computer science department in 1995. She was named a MacArthur Fellow in 2004. She was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 2011 for contributions to representation, inference, and learning in probabilistic models with applications to robotics, vision, and biology. She was also elected a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2014.
<Miiko_Taka>	Miiko Taka (高美以子, Taka Miiko) (born Miiko Shikata July 24, 1925) is an American retired actress, popular during the 1950s and 1960s and best known for co-starring with Marlon Brando as Hana-ogi in the 1957 movie Sayonara.She is one of the surviving stars who started her career during the Classical Hollywood Cinema era.Taka was born in 1925 in Seattle, but raised in Los Angeles, California as a Nisei; her parents had immigrated from Japan. In 1942, following the signing of Executive Order 9066, she was interned with her family at the Gila River War Relocation Center in Arizona.
<Ephraim_Morse>	Ephraim W. Morse (October 16, 1823 – January 17, 1906) was an early settler of the city of San Diego, and was partially responsible for many of its expansions as a city, such as attracting the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway and proposing Balboa Park.Morse was born in 1823 in West Amesbury, Massachusetts (incorporated in 1876 as Merrimac, Massachusetts).  He lived there as a farmer and teacher until 1848, when news of the California Gold Rush took the United States by storm.He decided to form a company to charter a ship and gather materials for a voyage to the gold fields.  He later stated that "this company was intended to be, and was, a select company.  No one could join without presenting satisfactory recommendations from the selectmen of the town, the mayor of their city, or some prominent preacher."  It was indeed a stringent organization, in which each member had to give their time and interests to the company rather than themselves, nor could they assume pecuniary liabilities without company approval, or drink or gamble, all under penalty of a fine.  Labor on the Sabbath was also prohibited unless of urgent necessity.  However, members would be cared for in sickness, and in case of death buried at the company's expense.  The members mainly consisted of Morse's friends, relatives, and associates. By early 1849 they managed to charter a ship, the Leonora, and on February 4, 1849, they set sail for San Francisco, arriving on July 5.  The members then dispersed to the mines on the Yuba River north of Sacramento. However, Morse and his partner, Levi Slack, could not cope with the California summer heat.  Then they heard about the small town of San Diego, far to the south near the U.S.-Mexico border.
<William_C._McCool>	William Cameron "Willie" McCool (September 23, 1961 – February 1, 2003) (Cmdr, USN) was an American naval officer and aviator, test pilot, aeronautical engineer, and NASA astronaut, who was the pilot of Space Shuttle Columbia mission STS-107. He and the rest of the crew of STS-107 were killed when Columbia disintegrated during reentry into the atmosphere. He was the crew's youngest male member. He was posthumously awarded the Congressional Space Medal of Honor.McCool was born September 23, 1961, in San Diego, California. His parents divorced when he was young and his mother married Barent McCool, a Naval aviator. McCool was active in the Boy Scouts of America where he became an Eagle Scout. His favorite song was "Imagine" by John Lennon, which was played during the STS-107 mission. His favorite band was Radiohead, and the song "Fake Plastic Trees" was played by Mission Control as a wake-up call.
<Wes_Farrell>	Wes Farrell (December 21, 1939 – February 29, 1996) was an American musician, songwriter and record producer, who was most active in the 1960s and 1970s.Farrell was born in New York, United States. Farrell's catalogue includes close to 500 songs that he wrote, produced and/or published. One of his earliest successes, Boys (co-written with Luther Dixon), appeared on the B-side of the Shirelles' 1960 number-one hit Will You Love Me Tomorrow, and in 1963 was covered by the Beatles for their debut album Please Please Me. Farrell's biggest chart hit as a composer – the McCoys' 1965 US number one Hang On Sloopy (a reworking of "My Girl Sloopy", co-written with Bert Russell) – remains one of the most performed songs in the history of popular music, according to the RIAA.[citation needed]. In 1985, Hang On Sloopy became the official state rock song of the State of Ohio.Other Farrell pop hits include the Animals' UK debut single Baby Let Me Take You Home (co-written with Bert Russell; no. 21, 1964) and two 1964 releases for Jay and the Americans: Come a Little Bit Closer (co-written with songwriters Tommy Boyce and Bobby Hart; US  no. 3) and Let's Lock the Door (And Throw Away the Key) (with Roy Alfred; US no 11 in early 1965). Farrell also co-wrote "Come and Take a Ride in My Boat" (with Jerry Goldstein), slightly reworked in 1967 to provide Every Mother's Son with their signature hit Come on Down to My Boat (US no. 6).  He also co-wrote (with Larry Kusik and Ritchie Adams) the song Happy Summer Days, a US no. 27 hit for Ronnie Dove in 1966.
<Gary_Filmon>	Gary Albert Filmon PC OC OM (born August 24, 1942) is Canadian politician from Manitoba. He was the leader of the Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba from 1983 to 2000, and served as the 19th premier of Manitoba from 1988 to 1999.Filmon was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba to working class parents, and is of Romanian and Polish-Ukrainian background. His Romanian father anglicized the family name from Filimon to Filmon when he emigrated westward to Canada. Filmon was educated at the University of Manitoba and subsequently worked as a civil engineer. In 1963, he married Janice Wainwright. He entered public life in 1975, being elected to the Winnipeg City Council; for the next four years, Filmon was a member of Winnipeg's Independent Citizens' Election Committee, an unofficial alliance of centre-right Liberal and Progressive Conservative interests in the city.In 1979, Filmon won a by-election to the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba in the riding of River Heights, held after the resignation of former Tory leader Sidney Spivak.  On January 16, 1981, Filmon was appointed Minister of Consumer and Corporate Affairs and Minister of Environment in the government of Sterling Lyon.
<Margot_Kidder>	Margaret Ruth Kidder (October 17, 1948 – May 13, 2018), known professionally as Margot Kidder, was a Canadian-American actress whose career spanned five decades. Her accolades include three Canadian Screen Awards and one Daytime Emmy Award. Though she appeared in an array of film and television roles, Kidder is most widely known for her performance as Lois Lane in the Superman film series, appearing in the first four films.Born in Yellowknife to a Canadian mother and an American father, Kidder was raised in the Northwest Territories as well as several Canadian provinces. She began her acting career in the 1960s, appearing in low-budget Canadian films and television series, before landing a lead role in Quackser Fortune Has a Cousin in the Bronx (1970). She then played twins in Brian De Palma's cult thriller Sisters (1973), a sorority student in the slasher film Black Christmas (1974) and the titular character's girlfriend in the drama The Great Waldo Pepper (1975), opposite Robert Redford. In 1977, she was cast as Lois Lane in Richard Donner's Superman (1978), a role that established her as a mainstream actress. Her performance as Kathy Lutz in the blockbuster horror film The Amityville Horror (1979) gained her further mainstream exposure, after which she went on to reprise her role as Lois Lane in Superman II, III, and IV (1980–1987).
<Neelam_Kothari>	Neelam Kothari Soni is an Indian actress and jewellery designer from Mumbai, known mononymously as Neelam. She made her acting debut with Jawaani (1984) opposite debutant Karan Shah. Since then she starred in various films alongside Govinda such as Love 86 (1986), Ilzaam (1986), Sindoor (1986), Khudgarz (1987), Hatya (1988), Farz Ki Jung (1989), Taaqatwar (1989) and Do Qaidi (1989). She starred opposite Chunkey Pandey in films Aag Hi Aag (1987), Paap Ki Duniya (1988), Khatron Ke Khiladi (1988), Billoo Badshah (1989), Ghar Ka Chiraag (1989), and Mitti Aur Sona (1989).Neelam Kothari Soni was born in Hong Kong to a Gujarati Indian father Shishir Kothari and Iranian mother Parveen Kothari. As a child, she learnt to play the keyboard and danced Jazz Ballet. Her family has a traditional jewellery making business, making high-class pieces. She was educated at Island School, where she was a member of Rutherford house. After her childhood in Hong Kong, her family moved to Bangkok. Neelam was holidaying in Mumbai when she was approached by director Ramesh Behl. She decided to give acting a shot and signed for the film Jawaani (1984) alongside Karan Shah, Tina Munim's nephew. But the film was unsuccessful commercially.
<Trent_University>	Trent University is a public liberal arts university in Peterborough, Ontario, with a satellite campus in Oshawa, which serves the Regional Municipality of Durham. Trent is known for its Oxbridge college system and small class sizes.As a collegiate university, Trent is made up of six colleges. Each college has its own residence halls, dining room, and student government. The student government (Cabinet) and its committees cooperate with the College Office and dons in planning and delivering a variety of events for both its non-resident and resident members: visiting scholars, artists, musicians, scientists; College dinners and dances; Fall and Winter College Weekend; and intramural co-educational competitions in a number of sports. Although Trent University is predominantly undergraduate, graduate programs are offered at the master's and doctoral levels.
<Battery_Park>	The Battery, formerly known as Battery Park, is a 25-acre (10 ha) public park located at the southern tip of Manhattan Island in New York City facing New York Harbor. It is bounded by Battery Place on the north, State Street on the east, New York Harbor to the south, and the Hudson River to the west. The park contains attractions such as an early 19th-century fort named Castle Clinton; multiple monuments; and the SeaGlass Carousel. The surrounding area, known as South Ferry, contains multiple ferry terminals, including the Staten Island Ferry's Whitehall Terminal; a boat launch to the Statue of Liberty National Monument (which includes Ellis Island and Liberty Island); and a boat launch to Governors Island.The park and surrounding area is named for the artillery batteries that were built in the late 17th century to protect the settlement behind them. By the 1820s, the Battery had become an entertainment destination, with the conversion of Castle Clinton into a theater venue. During the mid-19th century, the modern-day Battery Park was constructed and Castle Clinton was converted into an immigration and customs center. The Battery was commonly known as the landing point for immigrants to New York City until 1892, when the immigration center was relocated to Ellis Island. Castle Clinton then hosted the New York Aquarium from 1896 to 1941.
<Paul_Lauterbur>	Paul Christian Lauterbur (May 6, 1929 – March 27, 2007) was an American chemist who shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2003 with Peter Mansfield for his work which made the development of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) possible.Lauterbur was a professor at Stony Brook University from 1963 until 1985, where he conducted his research for the development of the MRI. In 1985 he became a professor along with his wife Joan at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign for 22 years until his death in Urbana.  He never stopped working with undergraduates on research, and he served as a professor of chemistry, with appointments in bioengineering, biophysics, the College of Medicine at Urbana-Champaign and computational biology at the Center for Advanced Study.
<Dick_Howser_Trophy>	The Dick Howser Trophy is bestowed annually to the national college baseball player of the year. The award is named after former collegiate and Major League Baseball (MLB) player and manager Dick Howser, who died of brain cancer in 1987 at the age of 51. In that same year, the award was established by friends of Howser and presented to Mike Fiore, the inaugural winner. It is considered to be the Heisman Trophy of college baseball.Six winners of the Dick Howser Trophy are members of the National College Baseball Hall of Fame.  Four winners—Kris Benson, David Price, Stephen Strasburg, and Adley Rutschman—went on to become the first overall MLB draft pick. Jason Jennings, Buster Posey, and Kris Bryant went on to win the Rookie of the Year Award several years after winning the Dick Howser Trophy. Jered Weaver is the only award winner to pitch a no-hitter, while Mark Teixeira holds the record for most games with home runs from both sides of the plate. Furthermore, seventeen players won the Golden Spikes Award alongside the Dick Howser Trophy. Brooks Kieschnick is the only player to win the trophy more than once.The winners from 1987 to 1998 were selected by the American Baseball Coaches Association (ABCA). The National Collegiate Baseball Writers Association (NCBWA) became the voting body in 1999, and now presents the award together with the St. Petersburg Chamber of Commerce in Florida. The most recent recipient of the award is Ivan Melendez of Texas.
<Ólafur_Ragnar_Grímsson>	Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson (Icelandic: [ˈouːlavʏr ˈraknar ˈkrimsɔn] (listen); born 14 May 1943) is an Icelandic politician who was the fifth president of Iceland from 1996 to 2016. He was previously a member of the Icelandic Parliament for the People's Alliance and served as Minister of Finance from 1988 to 1991.Since the end of his presidency, Ólafur has been serving as Chairman of the Arctic Circle, a non-profit organization, and as Chairman of the International Renewable Energy Agency's Global Commission on the Geopolitics of Energy Transformation.
<SinemArt>	Sinemart Indonesia (SinemArt) is an Indonesian production house founded on 3 March 2003 by Leo Sutanto, Sentot Sahid, Heru Hendriarto, and Lala Hamid. It initially focused on producing soap operas and films. His first work is entitled Malam Pertama, soap operas that aired on SCTV. This first soap opera has won many nominations in the event SCTV Awards in 2003.Formerly a member of MNC Media, SinemArt is currently owned by Surya Citra Media.
<Denmark_national_under-17_football_team>	The Denmark national under-17 football team represents Denmark in international football at this age level and is controlled by the Danish Football Association, the governing body for football in Denmark. It was founded in 1964 as an under-16 team. In 2001, it was changed to an under-17 team.The Danish under-17 squad made its World Cup debut at the 2011 FIFA U-17 World Cup in Mexico.*Draws also include penalty shootouts, regardless of the outcome.
<Libertarian_Party_(United_States)>	Social: Left wing 
<John_Reynolds_(Canadian_politician)>	John Douglas Reynolds PC (born January 19, 1942) is a former Canadian politician. He was the member of Parliament for the riding of West Vancouver—Sunshine Coast—Sea to Sky Country in the House of Commons of Canada from 1997 to 2006 and a former Federal Opposition Leader. He had also been an MP in the 1970s as well as a provincial politician in British Columbia in the 1980s and 1990s.He was first elected to Parliament as a candidate of the Progressive Conservatives in 1972 and was re-elected in 1974. He resigned in 1977 after a series of disagreements with Joe Clark.Beginning in 1983, he was active in the Social Credit Party of British Columbia and served as speaker of the British Columbia Legislative Assembly and as a cabinet minister. In 1986, he was a candidate at the Social Credit leadership convention coming in fifth. He remained in provincial politics until 1991 when he was defeated in his bid for re-election.
<Budapest>	Budapest (UK: /ˌb(j)uːdəˈpɛst, ˌbʊd-, ˈb(j)uːdəpɛst, ˈbʊd-/, US: /ˈbuːdəpɛst, -pɛʃt, ˌbuːdəˈpɛʃt/; Hungarian pronunciation: [ˈbudɒpɛʃt] (listen)) is the capital and most populous city of Hungary. It is the ninth-largest city in the European Union by population within city limits and the second-largest city on the Danube river; the city has an estimated population of 1,752,286 over a land area of about 525 square kilometres (203 square miles). Budapest, which is both a city and county, forms the centre of the Budapest metropolitan area, which has an area of 7,626 square kilometres (2,944 square miles) and a population of 3,303,786; it is a primate city, constituting 33% of the population of Hungary.The history of Budapest began when an early Celtic settlement transformed into the Roman town of Aquincum, the capital of Lower Pannonia. The Hungarians arrived in the territory in the late 9th century, but the area was pillaged by the Mongols in 1241–42. Re-established Buda became one of the centres of Renaissance humanist culture by the 15th century. The Battle of Mohács, in 1526, was followed by nearly 150 years of Ottoman rule. After the reconquest of Buda in 1686, the region entered a new age of prosperity, with Pest-Buda becoming a global city after the unification of Buda, Óbuda and Pest on 17 November 1873, with the name 'Budapest' given to the new capital. Budapest also became the co-capital of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, a great power that dissolved in 1918, following World War I. The city was the focal point of the Hungarian Revolution of 1848, the Battle of Budapest in 1945, as well as the Hungarian Revolution of 1956.
<Bromley>	Bromley is a large town in Greater London, England, within the London Borough of Bromley. It is 9.4 miles (15.1 km) south-east of Charing Cross, and had an estimated population of 87,889 as of 2011.Originally part of Kent, Bromley became a market town, chartered in 1158. Its location on a coaching route and the opening of a railway station in 1858 were key to its development and the shift from an agrarian village to an urban town. As part of the suburban growth of London in the 20th century, Bromley significantly increased in population and was  incorporated as a municipal borough in 1903 and became part of the London Borough of Bromley in 1965. Bromley today forms a major retail and commercial centre. It is identified in the London Plan as one of the 13 metropolitan centres of Greater London.
<Richard_Smalley>	Richard Errett Smalley (June 6, 1943 – October 28, 2005) was an American chemist who was the Gene and Norman Hackerman Professor of Chemistry, Physics, and Astronomy at Rice University. In 1996, along with Robert Curl, also a professor of chemistry at Rice, and Harold Kroto, a professor at the University of Sussex,  he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for the discovery of a new form of carbon, buckminsterfullerene, also known as buckyballs. He was an advocate of nanotechnology and its applications.Smalley, the youngest of 4 siblings, was born in Akron, Ohio on June 6, 1943, to Frank Dudley Smalley, Jr., and Esther Virginia Rhoads.  He grew up in Kansas City, Missouri. Richard Smalley credits his father, mother and aunt as formative influences in industry, science and chemistry. His father, Frank Dudley Smalley, Jr. worked with mechanical and electrical equipment and eventually became CEO of a trade journal for farm implements called Implement and Tractor. His mother, Esther Rhoads Smalley, completed her B.A. Degree while Richard was a teenager. She was particularly inspired by mathematician Norman N. Royall Jr., who taught Foundations of Physical Science, and communicated her love of science to her son through long conversations and joint activities.  Smalley's maternal aunt, pioneering female chemist Sara Jane Rhoads, interested Smalley in the field of chemistry, letting him work in her organic chemistry laboratory, and suggesting that he attend Hope College, which had a strong chemistry program.
<Wichita,_Kansas>	Wichita (/ˈwɪtʃɪtɔː/ WITCH-ih-taw) is the largest city in the U.S. state of Kansas and the county seat of Sedgwick County.  As of the 2020 census, the population of the city was 397,532.  The Wichita metro area had a population of 647,610 in 2020. It is located in south-central Kansas on the Arkansas River.Wichita began as a trading post on the Chisholm Trail in the 1860s and was incorporated as a city in 1870. It became a destination for cattle drives traveling north from Texas to Kansas railroads, earning it the nickname "Cowtown". Wyatt Earp served as a police officer in Wichita for around one year before going to Dodge City.
<Democratic_Party_(United_States)>	The Democratic Party is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the United States. Founded in 1828, it was predominantly built by Martin Van Buren, who assembled a wide cadre of politicians in every state behind war hero Andrew Jackson, making it the world's oldest active political party. Its main political rival has been the Republican Party since the 1850s. The party is a big tent, and though it is often described as liberal, it is less ideologically uniform than the Republican Party (with major individuals within it frequently holding widely different political views) due to the broader list of unique voting blocs that compose it.The historical predecessor of the Democratic Party is considered to be the Democratic-Republican Party. Before 1860, the Democratic Party supported expansive presidential power, the interests of slave states, agrarianism, and expansionism, while opposing a national bank and high tariffs. It split in 1860 over slavery and won the presidency only twice between 1860 and 1910. In the late 19th century, it continued to oppose high tariffs and had fierce internal debates on the gold standard. In the early 20th century, it supported progressive reforms and opposed imperialism, with Woodrow Wilson winning the White House in 1912 and 1916. Since Franklin D. Roosevelt and his New Deal coalition after 1932, the Democratic Party has promoted a social liberal platform, including Social Security and unemployment insurance. The New Deal attracted strong support for the party from recent European immigrants but caused a decline of the party's conservative pro-business wing. Following the Great Society era of progressive legislation under Lyndon B. Johnson, including Medicare, the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and the Voting Rights Act of 1965, the core bases of the parties shifted, with the Southern states becoming more reliably Republican and the Northeastern states becoming more reliably Democratic. The party's labor union element has become smaller since the 1970s, and as the American electorate shifted in a more conservative direction following Ronald Reagan's presidency, the election of Bill Clinton marked a move for the party toward the Third Way, adopting market-oriented economic policies and culturally liberal policies. First elected in 2008, Barack Obama was the first black president; he oversaw the party's inclusion of same-sex marriage in its platform and its passage of the Affordable Care Act.
<Junkers>	Junkers Flugzeug- und Motorenwerke AG (JFM, earlier JCO or JKO in World War I, English: Junkers Aircraft and Motor Works) more commonly Junkers [ˈjʊŋkɐs], was a major German aircraft and aircraft engine manufacturer. It was founded there in Dessau, Germany, in 1895 by Hugo Junkers, initially manufacturing boilers and radiators.  During World War I and following the war, the company became famous for its pioneering all-metal aircraft. During World War II the company produced the German army's Luftwaffe planes, as well as piston and jet aircraft engines, albeit in the absence of its founder, who had been removed by the Nazis in 1934.In the immediate post-war era, Junkers used their J8 layout as the basis for the F-13, first flown on 25 June 1919 and certified airworthy in July of the same year. This four passenger monoplane was the world's first all-metal airliner. Of note, in addition to significant European sales, some twenty-five of these airplanes were delivered to North American customers under the Junkers-Larsen affiliate and were used primarily as airmail planes.The Treaty of Versailles signed only days after the F-13 flew, initially forbade any aircraft construction in Germany for several months. After that span of time, only the design of civilian aircraft was permitted to Germany. With a partial relocation of the Junkers firm to the Fili western suburb of Moscow, the Junkers firm was able to restart its aircraft manufacturing concern within the borders of the Soviet Union in 1922, the partly revitalized Junkers firm developed a series of progressively larger civil aircraft including the single-engined G.24 and three-engine G.31. Neither aircraft was a commercial success. With the expiration of treaty restrictions in 1926, Junkers introduced the Junkers W33 and Junkers W34 series, which did find significant commercial success via large production orders in passenger, freight hauling, and, somewhat later, military configurations. The W-33/W-34 series also set multiple aviation "firsts" including records for flight duration, flight distance, altitude, rocket assisted take-off and inflight refueling between 1926 and 1930.[citation needed]
<Bikram_Choudhury>	Bikram Choudhury (born 1944) is an Indian-born American yoga guru, and the founder of Bikram Yoga, a form of hot yoga consisting of a fixed series of 26 postures practised in a hot environment of 40 °C (104 °F). The business became a success in the United States and then across the Western world, with a variety of celebrity pupils. His former wife Rajashree Choudhury assisted him in the yoga business.In 2009, he began a series of copyright claims to protect the series of postures of Bikram Yoga; this was ultimately unsuccessful, and other studios continue to teach the series.
<May_Wynn>	Donna Lee Custer (née  Hickey, January 8, 1928 – March 22, 2021), better known as May Wynn, was an American dancer, singer, and actress.Wynn, who grew up in Forest Hills, Queens, New York, was descended from a line of performers. Her grandfather, Bertie Black, worked as a musician in vaudeville, and her father, Ray Hickey, was a song-and-dance performer in vaudeville. She was of Irish descent. Her early jobs included modeling, working in a department store, and being a page at La Guardia Field. Outside of work, she won a variety of talent contests.
<José_María_Rodero>	José María Rodero Luján (26 December 1922 – 14 May 1991) was a Spanish actor, whose career spanned over 40 years.In 1947, he married with actress Elvira Quintillá, the couple remained together until his death in 1991 while he was preparing for the premiere of the play Hazme una noche.
<Coffy>	Coffy is a 1973 American blaxploitation film written and directed by Jack Hill. The story is about a black female vigilante played by Pam Grier who seeks violent revenge against a heroin dealer responsible for her sister's addiction.This was the third Jack Hill film to star Grier after The Big Doll House and The Big Bird Cage. Grier would go on to boost her career as the leading "femme fatale" of blaxploitation for the rest of the 1970s.
<Chava_Rosenfarb>	Chava Rosenfarb (9 February 1923 – 30 January 2011) (Yiddish: חוה ראָזענפֿאַרב) was a Holocaust survivor and Jewish-Canadian author of Yiddish poetry and novels, a major contributor to post-World War II Yiddish Literature. Rosenfarb  began writing poetry at the age of eight.After surviving the Łódź Ghetto during the occupation of Poland by Nazi Germany, Rosenfarb was deported to Auschwitz, and then sent with other women to a work camp at Sasel (subcamp of Neuengamme concentration camp), where she built houses for the bombed-out Germans of Hamburg. Towards the end of the war she was sent to Bergen-Belsen, where she fell ill with nearly-fatal typhus fever in April 1945. After the end of the war, while still in Europe, Rosenfarb married the future nationally-famous Canadian abortion activist Dr. Henry Morgentaler (the two divorced in 1975). In 1950, she and Morgentaler emigrated to Canada. Morgentaler and Rosenfarb, pregnant with Goldie, their daughter, emigrated from Europe to Canada, landing in Montreal in the winter of 1950, to a reception of Yiddish writers at Windsor Station.Rosenfarb continued to write in Yiddish. She published three volumes of poetry between 1947 and 1965. In 1972, she published what is considered to be her masterpiece, Der boim fun lebn (דער בוים פֿון לעבן), a three-volume novel detailing her experiences in the Łódź Ghetto, which appeared in English translation as The Tree of Life. Her other novels are Botshani (באָטשאַני), a prequel to The Tree of Life, which was issued in English as two volumes, Bociany (meaning Storks in the Polish language) and Of Lodz and Love; and Briv tsu Abrashen (בריוו צו אַבראַשען), or Letters to Abrasha (not yet translated).
<Assis_Chateaubriand>	Francisco de Assis Chateaubriand Bandeira de Melo (pronounced [fɾɐ̃ˈsisku dʒi aˈsis ʃɐtobɾiˈɐ̃ bɐ̃ˈdejɾɐ dʒi ˈmɛlu]), also nicknamed Chatô (October 4, 1892 – April 4, 1968), was a Brazilian lawyer, journalist, politician and diplomat. He was founder and director of the then main press chain of Brazil, the Diários Associados: 34 newspapers, 36 radio stations, 18 television stations, one news agency, one weekly magazine (O Cruzeiro), one monthly magazine (A Cigarra) as well as many magazines for children.He was one of the most influential public figures in Brazil during the 1940s and the 1950s, becoming notable as a journalist, an entrepreneur, a patron of the arts as well as a politician. Chateaubriand was appointed Ambassador of Brazil to the United Kingdom, position he held from 1957 to 1961. He was also a lawyer and professor of law, writer and member of the Brazilian Academy of Letters, occupying its 37th chair from 1954 until his death in 1968.
<Roger_MacBride>	Roger Lea MacBride (August 6, 1929 – March 5, 1995) was an American lawyer, political figure, writer, and television producer.  He was the presidential nominee of the Libertarian Party in the 1976 election. MacBride became the first presidential elector in U.S. history to cast a vote for a woman when, in the presidential election of 1972, he voted for the Libertarian Party candidates John Hospers for president and Theodora "Tonie" Nathan for vice president.He was co-creator and co-producer of the television series Little House on the Prairie.
<Carmelo_Bene>	Carmelo Pompilio Realino Antonio Bene, known as Carmelo Bene (1 September 1937 – 16 March 2002), was an Italian actor, poet, film director and screenwriter. He was an important exponent of the Italian avant-garde theatre and cinema. He died of a heart ailment in 2002.In 1979 he wrote, in collaboration with French philosopher Gilles Deleuze, the essay "Superpositions". In 1984 his play Adelchi was published. In 1970 he wrote the screenplay A Boccaperta.
<Helsinki>	Helsinki (/ˈhɛlsɪŋki/ HEL-sink-ee or /hɛlˈsɪŋki/ (listen) hel-SINK-ee; Finnish: [ˈhelsiŋki] (listen); Swedish: Helsingfors, Finland Swedish: [helsiŋˈforːs] (listen)) is the capital, primate, and most populous city of Finland. Located on the shore of the Gulf of Finland, it is the seat of the region of Uusimaa in southern Finland, and has a population of 658,864. The city's urban area has a population of 1,268,296, making it by far the most populous urban area in Finland as well as the country's most important center for politics, education, finance, culture, and research; while Tampere in the Pirkanmaa region, located 179 kilometres (111 mi) to the north from Helsinki, is the second largest urban area in Finland. Helsinki is located 80 kilometres (50 mi) north of Tallinn, Estonia, 400 km (250 mi) east of Stockholm, Sweden, and 300 km (190 mi) west of Saint Petersburg, Russia. It has close historical ties with these three cities.Together with the cities of Espoo, Vantaa, and Kauniainen (and surrounding commuter towns, including the eastern neighboring municipality of Sipoo), Helsinki forms the Greater Helsinki metropolitan area, which has a population of over 1.5 million. Often considered to be Finland's only metropolis, it is the world's northernmost metro area with over one million people as well as the northernmost capital of an EU member state. After Copenhagen and Stockholm, Helsinki is the third largest municipality in the Nordic countries. Finnish and Swedish are both official languages. The city is served by the international Helsinki Airport, located in the neighboring city of Vantaa, with frequent service to many destinations in Europe and Asia.
<J._E._Harold_Terry>	Joseph Edward Harold Terry (1885–1939) was an English novelist, playwright, actor and critic who was born in York. He was a nephew of the actor Eille Norwood. and a grandson of Sir Joseph Terry. and became famous for writing two of the longest running plays of the First World War era, The Man Who Stayed at Home (1914) and General Post (1917), which both ran for more than 500 performances.Terry was educated at Marlborough College and Pembroke College, Cambridge where he was stage-manager of the Footlights club. While at Cambridge he was editor of The Granta but left in 1906 to take up a position with the Daily Mirror before becoming a dramatic critic  for The British Review and The Onlooker, for which he was also the editor. His first play Old Rowley, The King (1908) is believed to have been lost. In September 1908 he became a Freeman of the City of York.
<Herbie_Mann>	Herbert Jay Solomon (April 16, 1930 – July 1, 2003), known by his stage name Herbie Mann, was an American jazz flute player and important early practitioner of world music. Early in his career, he also played tenor saxophone and clarinet (including bass clarinet), but Mann was among the first jazz musicians to specialize on the flute. His most popular single was "Hi-Jack", which was a Billboard No. 1 dance hit for three weeks in 1975.Mann emphasized the groove approach in his music. Mann felt that from his repertoire, the "epitome of a groove record" was Memphis Underground or Push Push, because the "rhythm section locked all in one perception."Herbie Mann was born in Brooklyn, New York, New York, to Jewish parents Harry C. Solomon (May 30, 1902 – May 31, 1980), who was of Russian descent, and Ruth Rose Solomon (née Brecher) (July 4, 1905 – November 11, 2004), of Romanian descent who was born in Bukovina, Austria-Hungary but immigrated to the United States with her family at the age of 6. Both of his parents were dancers and singers, as well as dance instructors later in life.
<Lambeth>	Lambeth (/ˈlæmbəθ/) is a district in South London, England, in the London Borough of Lambeth, historically in the County of Surrey. It is situated one mile (1.5 kilometres) south of Charing Cross. The population of the London Borough of Lambeth was 303,086 in 2011. The area experienced some slight growth in the medieval period as part of the manor of Lambeth Palace. By the Victorian era the area had seen significant development as London expanded, with dense industrial, commercial and residential buildings located adjacent to one another. The changes brought by World War II altered much of the fabric of Lambeth. Subsequent development in the late 20th and early 21st centuries has seen an increase in the number of high-rise buildings. The area is home to the International Maritime Organization. Lambeth is home to one of the largest Portuguese-speaking communities in the UK, and is the second most commonly spoken language in Lambeth after English.The origins of the name of Lambeth come from its first record in 1062 as Lambehitha, meaning 'landing place for lambs', and in 1255 as Lambeth. In the Domesday Book, Lambeth is called "Lanchei", which is plausibly derived from Brittonic Lan meaning a river bank and Chei being Brittonic for a quay The name refers to a harbour where lambs were either shipped from or to. It is formed from the Old English 'lamb' and 'hythe'. South Lambeth is recorded as Sutlamehethe in 1241 and North Lambeth is recorded in 1319 as North Lamhuth.
<Minto_Midtown>	The Minto Midtown is a residential complex on Yonge Street in Toronto in the Davisville neighbourhood near Yonge and Eglinton consisting of two towers, Quantum (37 storeys) and Quantum 2 (52 storeys) developed by Minto Developments Inc. The proposed project—which substantially exceeded existing height and zoning limits—was met with substantial neighborhood and city opposition, until Minto appealed to the Ontario Municipal Board and worked out a deal with the City of Toronto.Quantum is 37 storeys (413 ft) and was completed in 2007. Quantum 2 is 52 storeys (541 ft) and was completed in 2008. The initial conceptual design was done by Skidmore, Owings & Merrill; Zeidler Partnership Architects developed the design and completed the project.The construction of the towers, the tallest in the neighbourhood, was controversial.
<Quicksand_(Larsen_novel)>	Quicksand is a novel by American author Nella Larsen, first published in 1928. This is her first novel and she completed the first draft quickly. The novel was out of print from the 1930s to the 1970s. Quicksand is a work that explores both cross-cultural and interracial themes. Larsen dedicated the novel to her husband.Discussing the novel, Jacquelyn Y. McLendon called it the more "obviously autobiographical" of Larsen's two novels. Larsen called the emotional experiences of the novel "the awful truth" in a letter to her friend Carl van Vechten.Nella Larsen introduces the educated mixed-race protagonist, Helga Crane, who struggles to find her identity in a world of racialized crisis in the 1920s. The novel begins with Helga teaching at a southern black school in Naxos which is meant to be a fictional mirror of the Tuskegee Institute. Helga is the daughter of a Danish mother, who died when she was an adolescent, and a West Indian father, who is absent. Her early years were spent with her Danish mother and White step-father who loathed her, and there began her torn relationship with her split identity. The novel gives us a glimpse into the dichotomy of biracial identity and the divergence into two vastly different worlds as the protagonist travels through uniquely different cultural spaces from the 1920s Jazz Age Harlem to Copenhagen, Denmark.
<Ascher_H._Shapiro>	Ascher Herman Shapiro (May 20, 1916 – November 26, 2004) was a professor of Mechanical Engineering at MIT.  He grew up in New York City.Shapiro was born and raised in Brooklyn, New York, to Jewish Lithuanian immigrant parents. He earned his S.B. in 1938 and an Sc.D. in 1946 in the field of mechanical engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).After starting at MIT as a laboratory assistant in mechanical engineering, Shapiro was eventually appointed assistant professor at MIT in 1943 where he taught fluid mechanics. A prolific author of texts in his field, his two-volume treatise, The Dynamics and Thermodynamics of Compressible Fluid Flow, published in 1953 and 1954, is considered a classic. His 1961 book Shape and Flow: The Fluid Dynamics of Drag explained boundary layer phenomena and drag in simple, non-mathematical terms. He also founded the National Council for Fluid Mechanics Films (NCFMF), in cooperation with the Educational Development Center. From there, Shapiro was appointed Chair of the Institute's Faculty in 1964-1965 and head of the Department of Mechanical Engineering from 1965 to 1974.
<Marcel_Dalio>	Marcel Dalio (born Marcel Benoit Blauschild; 23 November 1899 in Paris – 18 November 1983) was a French movie actor. He had major roles in two films directed by Jean Renoir, La Grande Illusion (1937) and The Rules of the Game (1939). Dalio was born Marcel Benoit Blauschild in Paris to Romanian-Jewish immigrant parents. He trained at the Paris Conservatoire and performed in revues from 1920. Dalio appeared in stage plays from the 1920s and acted in French films in the 1930s. His first big film success was in Julien Duvivier's Pépé le Moko (1937). He followed them with two films for Jean Renoir, La Grande Illusion (1937) and The Rules of the Game (La Règle du jeu, 1939).
<Tooniverse>	Tooniverse (Korean: 투니버스; RR: Tunibeoseu; portmanteau short for Cartoon Universe) is a cartoon and anime channel broadcast by CJ ENM E&M Division (formerly On-Media), in South Korea.Tooniverse commenced airing in December 1995 and is currently one of the leading animation channels in South Korea. It offers a wide variety of animations for different age groups from children to adults.Tooniverse officially launched on December 1, 1995, and was recognized as a channel more unfamiliar than terrestrial broadcasting in the early days, but many of the imported animations were Japanese-coloured, requiring attention from parents. As of 2009, the channel is operated under CJ ENM, which has steadily preoccupied the 5th place in the cable TV viewing market share as the viewership rate has gradually increased since 2000. A month ago, the English education video Dooly's Backpacking was released.
<The_Louisiana_Hussy>	Louisiana Hussy is a 1959 American film directed by Lee Sholem.The film is also known as Louisiana Hussey (American alternative spelling).[citation needed]Living in a small Louisiana Bayou community known as "The Pit", Cajun newlyweds Pierre and Lili must deal with family conflict compounded by the arrival in their lives of a mysterious seductress who calls herself "Minette" and claims to be fleeing from trouble.  Not convinced she is being truthful, the couple find out that her real name is "Nina" and that she is impersonating a woman who had earlier committed suicide after having discovered that Nina was having an affair with her husband, Clay. Meanwhile, Pierre's brother Jacques, has fallen in love with Nina, to the disapproval of his family. Pierre and Lili track down Clay's whereabouts but are convinced by his butler not to reveal the location of Nina. Clay, suspecting that the couple is hiding information, follows them back to their home but at the last minute decides not to confront Nina, realizing that she has caused enough pain in his life. Nina is told to leave The Pit and in the final scene, is picked up hitch hiking by a middle aged man driving a Cadillac. She tells that man that she is fleeing trouble and needs help.
<The_War_of_the_Worlds_(radio_1968)>	The War of the Worlds was a radio drama, originally aired by Buffalo, New York radio station WKBW 1520 on October 31, 1968. It was a modernized version of the original radio drama aired by CBS in 1938.Danny Kriegler served as the director of the radio drama while Jefferson Kaye served as its producer.The broadcast, its subsequent re-airings and remakes, and multiple airings alongside the original 1938 radio drama made Buffalo, New York the War of the Worlds Radio Capital of The World in a 2009 resolution by the New York State Senate
<Whitehead_Institute>	Coordinates: 42°21′48″N 71°05′22″W﻿ / ﻿42.363471°N 71.089361°W﻿ / 42.363471; -71.089361Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research is a non-profit research institute located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States that is dedicated to improving human health through basic biomedical research. It was founded as a fiscally independent entity from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), where its 18 members all hold faculty appointments in the MIT Department of Biology or the MIT Department of Bioengineering.  Two members (Rudolf Jaenisch, 2010, and Robert Weinberg, 1997) are National Medal of Science recipients; ten have been elected to the National Academy of Sciences; and four have been elected to the National Academy of Medicine; six are Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigators.In September 2019, Ruth Lehmann was announced as the new director of the Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research, commencing July 2020 and succeeding David Page.
<Chhinnapatra>	Chhinnapatra (pronunciation (help·info)) (Gujarati: છિન્નપત્ર, English: Crumpled letter) is a 1965 Gujarati novel by Suresh Joshi. The novel is composed in the form of letters written by protagonist Ajay, a creative writer. Considered to be a lyrical novel, it uses stream of consciousness technique.Joshi published Chhinnnapatra in 1965. In its wake, Shrikant Shah, Madhu Rye, Chandrakant Bakshi, Radheshyam Sharma and Mukund Parikh published their experimental novels Asti (1966), Chahera (1966), Paralysis (1967), Fero (1968) and Mahabhinishkraman (1968) respectively. The first edition of the novel was published with the subtitle 'a rough draft of an intended novel' but it was dropped from the second edition.Ajay, the protagonist, is a creative writer with a deep sensitivity, and loves Mala. Mala's friend Lila loves Ajay. There are other young men Amal, Arun, Ashok aspiring for the hands of Mala. After the death of Ajay, Mala found a diary written by Ajay. Mala passed through the diary during the train journey.
<Ford_Mustang_(fifth_generation)>	The fifth-generation Ford Mustang (S197) is a pony car that was manufactured by Ford from 2004 until 2014, at the Flat Rock Assembly Plant in Flat Rock, Michigan. The fifth generation began with the 2005 model year, and received a facelift for the 2010 model year. Originally designed by Sid Ramnarace through late 2001 and finalized in mid-2002, the fifth-generation Mustang's design was previewed by two pre production concept cars that debuted at the 2003 North American International Auto Show. Development began on the S-197 program in 1999 under chief engineer Hau Thai-Tang, shortly after the 1998 launch of "New Edge" SN-95 facelift. From the second half of 1999, design work commenced under Ford design chief, J Mays, and concluded in July 2002 with the design freeze.  There have been several variants of the fifth-generation Ford Mustang that include the Mustang GT/California Special, Shelby Mustang, Bullitt Mustang, and Boss 302 Mustang.Developed between February and November 2002, two pre-production concept cars, a convertible and coupe model, were presented by Ford at the 2003 North American International Auto Show on January 5, 2003.
<William_Story_(Australian_politician)>	William Harrison Story (31 May 1857 – 13 July 1924) was an Australian politician.Born in Adelaide, he was educated at state schools before becoming a stonemason and bricklayer. He served as President of the Operative Masons and Bricklayers Society and the Adelaide Trades and Labour Council, and was mayor of the Town of Kensington and Norwood from 1901 to 1902.
<Billie_Mae_Richards>	Billie Mae Richards (née Dinsmore, November 21, 1921 – September 10, 2010) was a Canadian voice actress, who also appeared onstage and on television. She was the voice of Rankin/Bass' version of the character Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer from 1964 to 1979, and of the Kid in the radio series Jake and the Kid.Richards was born Billy Mae Dinsmore, in Toronto to parents Garnett and Eva May (Stanton) Dinsmore.  Enrolled by her ambitious father in dancing lessons as a toddler, by the age of five she was in a stage show with WW1 veterans. She enlisted in the Royal Canadian Navy and performed in the show Meet the Navy  that travelled across Canada and in Europe. She attended the Lorne Greene Academy of Radio Arts in Toronto.Richards worked at the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, speaking and singing in radio dramas. From 1950 to 1956, she was the voice of the Kid in the ongoing radio series Jake and the Kid.
<Frankfurt>	Frankfurt, officially Frankfurt am Main (German: [ˈfʁaŋkfʊʁt ʔam ˈmaɪn] (listen); Hessian: Frangford am Maa, lit. "Frank ford on the Main"), is the most populous city in the German state of Hesse. Its 763,380 inhabitants as of 31 December 2019 make it the fifth-most populous city in Germany. Located on its namesake Main River, it forms a continuous conurbation with the neighboring city of Offenbach am Main and its urban area has a population of over 2.3 million. The city is the heart of the larger Rhine-Main metropolitan region, which has a population of more than 5.6 million and is Germany's second-largest metropolitan region after the Rhine-Ruhr region. Frankfurt's central business district, the Bankenviertel, lies about 90 km (56 mi) northwest of the geographic center of the EU at Gadheim, Lower Franconia. Like France and Franconia, the city is named after the Franks. Frankfurt is the largest city in the Rhine Franconian dialect area.Frankfurt was a city state, the Free City of Frankfurt, for nearly five centuries, and was one of the most important cities of the Holy Roman Empire, as a site of Imperial coronations; it lost its sovereignty upon the collapse of the empire in 1806, regained it in 1815 and then lost it again in 1866, when it was annexed (though neutral) by the Kingdom of Prussia. It has been part of the state of Hesse since 1945. Frankfurt is culturally, ethnically and religiously diverse, with half of its population, and a majority of its young people, having a migrant background. A quarter of the population consists of foreign nationals, including many expatriates. In 2015, Frankfurt was home to 1909 ultra high-net-worth individuals, the sixth-highest number of any city. As of 2017, Frankfurt is the 14th wealthiest city in the world.
<Hotel_(novel)>	A hotel is an establishment that provides paid lodging on a short-term basis.Hotel may also refer to:
<G.D._Estoril_Praia>	Grupo Desportivo Estoril Praia (Portuguese pronunciation: [(ɨ)ʃtuˈɾiɫ ˈpɾajɐ]), commonly known as Estoril, is a Portuguese sports club from Estoril, Cascais, Lisbon. Founded on 17 May 1939, its football team currently plays in Primeira Liga and hold home games at the Estádio António Coimbra da Mota, with a seating capacity of 8,015. As a sports club, Estoril has departments for football, futsal and basketball.Since the club's establishment, the senior football team has won nine secondary trophies, with the most recent being the 2011–12 Liga de Honra. As a result, some personnel of the club received awards in relation to their performances in the 2011–12 season, of which include Licá, who won the LPFP Liga de Honra Player of the Year, Vagner, who won the LPFP Liga de Honra Goalkeeper of the Year, and Marco Silva, who won the LPFP Liga de Honra Coach of the Year.
<Subin_Bhattarai>	Subin Bhattarai (born 5 November 1982) is a Nepalese writer and columnist, best known for his romance novels such as Summer Love and Saaya. He published his first book Kathaki Paatra, a collection of short stories, in 2011. His works are mostly popular among the young readers. He is also a columnist for Kantipur Saptahik, a youth–oriented weekly newspaper.Bhattarai was born in Khotang district in the eastern region of Nepal. His father was a government official and mother, a housewife. A year after his birth, his parent moved to Kathmandu, where he grew up. He received  a master's degree in Environmental Science from Tribhuvan University in 2005. He names B.P Koirala, Parijat, Dhruba Chandra Gautam and Dha. Cha. Gotame as some of his favourite writers.Bhattarai started writing in school at the age of 10. He wrote poems, and recited several on Radio Nepal. He acted in several dramas as child artist and co-hosted the popular children's program Hatemalo on Radio Nepal.
<Huang_Chen-ya>	Huang Chen-ya, MBE (Chinese: 黃震遐; born 4 November 1939) is a neurologist and member of the Democratic Party and was the member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (1991–97) for Hong Kong Island West.He was a third-generation of Chinese Singaporean. His father, Huang Ying Jung, was educated law in China and the United States and obtained a doctoral degree and later opened up a law firm in Shanghai and taught at the National Central University and the Soochow University. Born in Shanghai in 1939, Huang moved with his father to his father's birthplace in 1949, where his father took a teaching post at the Nanyang University and later became university's acting vice-chancellor.
<The_Three_Musketeers_(1948_film)>	The Three Musketeers is a 1948 film directed by George Sidney, written by Robert Ardrey, and starring Gene Kelly and Lana Turner. It is a Technicolor adventure film adaptation of the classic 1844 novel The Three Musketeers by Alexandre Dumas.D'Artagnan, an inexperienced Gascon youth, travels to Paris to join the elite King's Musketeers. On his way, he encounters a mysterious lady at a roadside inn. When he picks a fight with one of her escorts, she becomes suspicious and has him knocked unconscious. His letter of introduction from his father to de Treville, the commander of the Musketeers, is burned. When he awakens, he continues on to the city.In Paris, he nevertheless presents himself to de Treville, who recognizes d'Artagnan's description of one of his assailants and makes him a cadet. The young Gascon spots the very man and in his haste to confront him, annoys three of the most skillful Musketeers: Athos, Porthos and Aramis. Each challenges him to a duel. Upon learning they are all at the appointed place to duel the same man, the swordsmen are amused. Before they can begin, however, they are interrupted by Richelieu's guards, who try to arrest the Musketeers. D'Artagnan joins them in dispatching their foes. As a result, he is welcomed into their ranks.
<A_Street_Cat_Named_Bob_(film)>	A Street Cat Named Bob is a 2016 British biographical drama film directed by Roger Spottiswoode and written by Tim John and Maria Nation. It is based on the book of the same name and The World According to Bob by James Bowen. The film stars Luke Treadaway, Ruta Gedmintas, Joanne Froggatt, Anthony Head, and Bob the Cat as himself. The film premiered in London on 3 November 2016, followed by a general release the next day. The title is a spoof of A Streetcar Named Desire.The film won Best British Film at the UK National Film Awards on 29 March 2017.
<John_Glenday>	John Glenday grew up in Monifieth.John lives in Angus, with his wife Erika.
<Joanne_Siegel>	Joanne Siegel (/ˈsiːɡəl/ SEE-gəl; born Jolan Kovacs; December 1, 1917 – February 12, 2011) was an American model, who in the 1930s worked with Superman artist Joe Shuster as the model for Lois Lane, Superman's love interest. She later married Superman's co-creator Jerry Siegel and sued for restoration of her husband's authorship copyright in the Superman character.Siegel was born in Cleveland, Ohio, in 1917, the daughter of Hungarian immigrants. In 1935, while still attending high school, she placed an advertisement in Cleveland's The Plain Dealer offering her services as a model. The ad stated: "Situation Wanted — Female ARTIST MODEL: No experience." Joe Shuster, who was working on a new comic character, Superman, responded to the ad. Prior to the modeling sessions, Shuster's co-creator, Jerry Siegel, had developed an idea for a journalist to be Superman's love interest, Lois Lane. Shuster hired her as a model for Lois, and his depiction of Lois was based on his drawings of her hairstyle and facial features. Interviewed in 1996 by The Plain Dealer, she recalled, "I remember the day I met Jerry in Joe's living room. Jerry was the model for Superman. He was standing there in a Superman-like pose. He said their character was going to fly through the air, and he leaped off the couch to demonstrate." The New York Times wrote, "Ms. Siegel was the first in a long line of Lois Lanes, who have included Phyllis Coates, Noel Neill, Teri Hatcher, and Erica Durance on television, as well as Margot Kidder in the movies."Following her modeling work for Shuster, she worked as an artist's model, sometimes using the professional name "Joanne Carter". She worked for a ship builder in California during World War II. After the war, Siegel moved to New York, where she ran into Jerry Siegel at a costume ball to raise money for cartoonists. Both had been married and divorced previously. They were married in 1948 and lived in Connecticut and New York before moving to California in the 1960s. They remained married until Jerry Siegel's death in 1996. They have a daughter together, Laura Siegel, who later recalled, "My father said she not only posed for the character but from the day he met her it was her personality that he infused into the character. She was not only beautiful but very smart and determined, and she had a lot of guts; she was a courageous person." In a profile of Joanne Siegel, NPR noted, "Though a number of actresses played [Lois Lane] on television and in the movies over the years, Superman co-creator Jerry Siegel always said that his wife, Joanne ... inspired the character of Lois Lane."
<Dacher_Keltner>	Dacher Joseph Keltner is a Mexican-born American professor of psychology at University of California, Berkeley, who directs the Berkeley Social Interaction Lab. He is also the founder and faculty director of the Greater Good Science Center, host of the podcast The Science of Happiness, and Chief Scientific Advisor of Hume AI.Keltner was born in Jalisco, Mexico, the offspring of two early members of the counterculture.  Keltner's mother, a literature professor, and father, an artist, raised both him and his brother in Laurel Canyon in the late 1960s. When his mother secured her first job as a professor in 1970, they moved to a conservative town in the foothills of the California Sierra Nevada.Keltner received his B.A. in psychology and sociology from the University of California, Santa Barbara, in 1984, he received his Ph.D. from Stanford University in 1989, and he completed three years of post-doctoral work with Paul Ekman at the University of California, San Francisco.
<Terry_Hart>	Terry Jonathan "T.J." Hart (born October 27, 1946) is an American mechanical and electrical engineer, a retired United States Air Force lieutenant colonel and pilot, and former NASA astronaut.Hart was born on October 27, 1946, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He graduated from Mt. Lebanon High School in Mt. Lebanon, Pennsylvania, in 1964. He received a Bachelor of Science degree in mechanical engineering from Lehigh University in 1968, a Master of Science degree in mechanical engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1969, and a Master of Science degree in electrical engineering from Rutgers University in 1978.He was awarded an honorary doctorate of engineering from Lehigh University in 1988.
<William_F._Durand>	Lafayette CollegeWilliam Frederick Durand (March 5, 1859 – August 9, 1958) was a United States naval officer and pioneer mechanical engineer. He contributed significantly to the development of aircraft propellers. He was the first civilian chair of the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics, the forerunner of NASA.A native of Connecticut, he was a member of the first graduating class of Birmingham High School in Derby, Connecticut (now Derby High School) in 1877.  He graduated second in his class at the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis and received his Ph.D. from Lafayette College.  He went on to teach at the Michigan State College, Cornell University and Stanford University, teaching that school's first course in Aeronautics, the second offered by any school in the country (the first was offered by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology). He helped rebuild Stanford after the 1906 earthquake, and the department of Aeronautical and Astronautical Engineering building bears his name. A memorial there reads: "His first professional assignment in 1880 was on the USS Tennessee, a full rigged wooden ship with auxiliary steam power. His last, 1942-46 was as chairman of the National Aeronautical Commission for the development of jet propulsion for aircraft." He died in 1958 at the age of 99.
<Plough_Lane>	Plough Lane – named The Cherry Red Records Stadium for sponsorship reasons – is a football stadium in Wimbledon, south-west London, which has been the home of AFC Wimbledon since 3 November 2020. A groundshare with rugby league side London Broncos began in 2022.Wimbledon F.C. played its matches at the original Plough Lane stadium from 1912 until 1991. AFC Wimbledon's new stadium lies approximately 200 yards further east. After 1991 Wimbledon F.C. began a ground-share with Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park, with the intention of moving to a new all-seater stadium elsewhere at a later date due to the original Plough Lane stadium being considered unsuitable for conversion into a modern all-seater stadium. Numerous locations within and beyond the borders of Merton were considered for a possible new stadium, but none of these came to fruition, and in 2003 the original Wimbledon club relocated 70 miles north to Milton Keynes, being rebranded as Milton Keynes Dons the following year.
<Leicester>	Leicester (/ˈlɛstər/ (listen) LEST-ər) is a city, unitary authority and the county town of Leicestershire in the East Midlands of England. It is the largest settlement in the East Midlands.The city lies on the River Soar and close to the eastern end of the National Forest. It is situated to the north-east of Birmingham and Coventry, south of Nottingham and west of Peterborough.
<Daniel_Gilbert_(psychologist)>	Daniel Todd Gilbert (born November 5, 1957) is an American social psychologist and writer. He is the Edgar Pierce Professor of Psychology at Harvard University and is known for his research with Timothy Wilson of the University of Virginia on affective forecasting. He is the author of the international bestseller Stumbling on Happiness, which has been translated into more than 30 languages and won the 2007 Royal Society Prizes for Science Books. He has also written essays for several newspapers and magazines, hosted a non-fiction television series on PBS, and given three popular TED talks.Gilbert dropped out of high school at age 15, and spent a year hitchhiking around the United States. He later earned his GED and received a Bachelor of Arts in psychology from University of Colorado Denver in 1981 and a PhD in social psychology from Princeton University in 1985. From 1985 to 1996, he was a faculty member at the University of Texas at Austin. Since 1996, he has worked at Harvard University where he is currently the Edgar Pierce Professor of Psychology.He and his wife, Marilynn Oliphant, live in Cambridge, Massachusetts.  Gilbert has one son and three grandchildren.
<YouTube>	YouTube is a global online video sharing and social media platform headquartered in San Bruno, California. It was launched on February 14, 2005, by Steve Chen, Chad Hurley, and Jawed Karim. It is owned by Google, and is the second most visited website, after Google Search. YouTube has more than 2.5 billion monthly users who collectively watch more than one billion hours of videos each day. As of May 2019[update], videos were being uploaded at a rate of more than 500 hours of content per minute.In October 2006, YouTube was bought by Google for $1.65 billion. Google's ownership of YouTube expanded the site's business model, expanding from generating revenue from advertisements alone, to offering paid content such as movies and exclusive content produced by YouTube. It also offers YouTube Premium, a paid subscription option for watching content without ads. YouTube also approved creators to participate in Google's AdSense program, which seeks to generate more revenue for both parties. YouTube reported revenue of $19.8 billion in 2020. In 2021, YouTube's annual advertising revenue increased to $28.8 billion.
<Niall_Thompson>	Niall Joseph Thompson (born 16 April 1974) is a Canadian soccer player and coach, who works currently as an assistant coach with Vancouver FC of the Canadian Premier League.Thompson moved to Canada, aged two, and later played for the Edmonton Brick Men and Winnipeg Fury in the Canadian Soccer League. He then played for the PSV Eindhoven youth team. He started his professional career as a trainee with Crystal Palace but after an unsuccessful spell moved to play for Colchester United, before returning to Canada for family reasons. Thompson played on for Montreal Impact, Seattle Sounders and Zultse VV, before returning to Canada again to play local football, while waiting for a visa which would allow him to play in the United States. Seattle Sounders expressed interest in re-signing him, but could not due to visa issues. A friend contacted Micky Adams, then-manager of English Second Division side Brentford and Thompson signed for the club on non-contract terms in February 1998. After leaving the Bees in September 1998, Thompson went on to play for Vancouver 86ers, Airdrieonians, Bay Area Seals, Wycombe Wanderers, Montreal Impact and Vancouver Whitecaps.
<Robert_G._Gallager>	Robert Gray Gallager (born May 29, 1931) is an American electrical engineer known for his work on information theory and communications networks.Gallager was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering (NAE) in 1979 for contributions to coding and communications theory and practice. He was also elected an IEEE Fellow in 1968, a member of the National Academy of Sciences (NAS) in 1992, and a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences (AAAS) in 1999.He received the Claude E. Shannon Award from the IEEE Information Theory Society in 1983. He also received the IEEE Centennial Medal in 1984, the IEEE Medal of Honor in 1990 "For fundamental contributions to communications coding techniques", the Marconi Prize in 2003, and aDijkstra Prize in 2004, among other honors. For most of his career he was a professor of electrical engineering and computer science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
<Danny_Collins_(footballer)>	Daniel Lewis Collins (born 6 August 1980) is a former professional footballer who played as a centre back.Collins started his career in the Welsh leagues with Mold Alexandra and Buckley Town before joining Chester City in 1996. His first two seasons at Chester saw him make 20 appearances; during the 2002–03 season he went on loan to non-league side Vauxhall Motors. Following his return to Chester, Collins became a regular in the side and produced some fine performances which attracted the attention of Sunderland who bought him for £140,000. Collins spent five years in the North East making over 150 appearances and earning two promotions to the Premier League during that time. In August 2009 Collins joined Stoke City for £2.75 million and played at left back for the "Potters". After losing his place in the squad he joined Ipswich Town on loan in September 2011 and then West Ham United in March 2012. He signed for Nottingham Forest in July 2012 before having a short stint with Rotherham United from 2015 to 2016. His final club were Grimsby Town where he spent three seasons and became club captain rounding of his spell with the club by making 106 league appearances. He announced his retirement in December 2019 having been released by Grimsby the previous summer.
<FC_Shakhtar-3_Donetsk>	FC Shakhtar-3 Donetsk was a Ukrainian football team based in Donetsk, Ukraine. The team competed in the Ukrainian Second Division, and was considered the 3rd squad team or junior team from the FC Shakhtar Donetsk franchise.Like most tributary teams, the best players are sent up to the senior team or reserve team that competes in the Premier Reserve League. Meanwhile, developing other junior players for further call-ups. The team consists of Shakhtar's players whose average age is less than 20—In essence the club's future. The players usually progress to this team through the Shakhtar Donetsk youth system. Shakhtar-3 train alongside the first and youth teams at Kirsha Training Centre
<Pushing_Daisies>	Pushing Daisies is an American comedy-drama television series created by Bryan Fuller that aired on ABC from October 3, 2007, to June 13, 2009. The series stars Lee Pace as Ned, a pie-maker with the ability to bring dead things back to life with his touch, an ability that comes with stipulations. Together with his formerly deceased childhood crush Chuck (Anna Friel), co-worker Olive Snook (Kristin Chenoweth), and private investigator Emerson Cod (Chi McBride), Ned uses his abilities to solve murder cases. The cast also includes Ellen Greene, Swoosie Kurtz and Field Cate, with Jim Dale acting as narrator.Touted as a "forensic fairy tale", the series is known for its unusual visual style, eccentric production design, quirky characters, fast-paced dialogue and grotesque situations. The series often uses wordplay, metaphor and double entendre, while Jim Dale's narration is very similar to that of a fairytale.The series received critical acclaim, with praises going towards the cast, direction, writing, tone, and set design, and won numerous awards. The series received 17 Primetime Emmy Award nominations, with seven wins, including Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series for Barry Sonnenfeld and Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series for Kristin Chenoweth. TV Guide included the series in their 2013 list of 60 shows that were "Cancelled Too Soon". In 2015, Pushing Daisies was voted first in Esquire's "TV Reboot Tournament" that asked fans to vote for the show they would most like to see return to television.
<Oslo_Sporveier>	AS Oslo Sporveier is a defunct municipal owned company responsible for public transport in Oslo, Norway. It was created in 1924 to take over the city's two private tram companies. In 1927 its started with bus transport, including from 1940 to 1968 trolleybuses. Since 1966 rapid transit and from 1985 water buses have also been operated by the company. It was split into two separate companies in 2006; Kollektivtransportproduksjon took over the operation while Oslo Public Transport Administration (who retained the Oslo Sporveier brand) was responsible for buying the services, fare regulation and marketing. The latter merged into Ruter in 2008, when the Oslo Sporveier brand was discontinued.In 1875, Kristiania Sporveisselskab (KSS) started the first horsecar services in Oslo—at the time called Kristiania. It was followed by Kristiania Elektriske Sporvei (KES) who established electric tram services in 1894; by 1900 KSS had also converted its routes to electric traction. In 1899 the city council decided to also venture into the tram industry, and established Kristiania Kommunale Sporveie (KKS, translates Kristiania Municipal Tramway). This company was forced to rent some tracks in the city center from the other companies, and was also relegated to build less profitable lines; lack of profits made the city council sell KKS to KSS in 1905.The city had granted a concession to the two private street companies until 1924, after which the city could expropriate the companies. Both companies where well run and highly profitable, and on 1 May 1924 KSS and KES were merged and taken over by the city council, giving the new company the name A/S Kristiania Sporveier. On 1 January 1925 the city changed its name to Oslo, with the company's name also changing. The suburban tramways operated by Holmenkolbanen and Ekebergbanen were not taken over, as was the Lilleaker Line operated by KES; the city council did not want to take over tram lines in the neighboring municipality of Aker.
<Monmouth_Mall>	Monmouth Mall is an enclosed split level shopping center in Eatontown, New Jersey  located on the corner of the intersection of NJ 35, NJ 36, and Wyckoff Road (Route 547). It is owned Kushner Companies and managed by Westminster Management. The mall has a gross leasable area of 1,500,000 sq ft (140,000 m2), making it the sixth largest shopping mall in New Jersey, with approximately 79 shops. The mall is located near the Garden State Parkway at exit 105 and NJ 18 near the former location of the Eatontown Circle.Anchor stores at the mall are Boscov's, and Macy's.Originally named "Monmouth Shopping Center", the Monmouth Mall opened on March 1, 1960, as a 600,000-square-foot (56,000 m2), 14-building, 50-store open-air center. The mall was built on what was then a farm owned by the Valentino Family of the nearby city of Long Branch, New Jersey. Original anchors of the mall consisted of Bamberger's (at that time a subsidiary of Macy's) and Montgomery Ward. After pulling out of New Jersey, Montgomery Ward became Alexander's in 1975. The mall was enclosed and expanded to its current size in 1975. The older section of the mall continued to have one level while the new expansion included two levels that were anchored by Abraham & Straus, Hahne's and JCPenney as of 1975.
<Malcolm_Lowry>	Clarence Malcolm Lowry (/ˈlaʊri/; 28 July 1909 – 26 June 1957) was an English poet and novelist who is best known for his 1947 novel Under the Volcano, which was voted No. 11 in the Modern Library 100 Best Novels list.Lowry was born in New Brighton, Wirral, the fourth son of Evelyn Boden and Arthur Lowry, a cotton broker with roots in Cumberland. In 1912, the family moved to Caldy, on another part of the Wirral peninsula. Their home was a mock Tudor estate on two acres with a tennis court, small golf course and a maid, a cook and a nanny. Lowry was said to have felt neglected by his mother, and was closest to his brother. He began drinking alcohol at the age of 14.
<James_Welch_(writer)>	James Phillip Welch Jr. (November 18, 1940 – August 4, 2003), who grew up within the Blackfeet and A'aninin cultures of his parents, was a Native American novelist and poet, considered a founding author of the Native American Renaissance. His novel Fools Crow (1986) received several national literary awards, and his debut novel Winter in the Blood (1974) was adapted as a film by the same name, released in 2013.In 1997 Welch received a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Native Writers' Circle of the Americas.
<Italy_national_under-16_football_team>	The Italy national U-16 football team is the national under-16 football team of Italy and is controlled by the Italian Football Federation. The team was known as Italy national under-15 football team prior 2001, to reflect the age limit at the start of season instead of currently end of season.The Italy under-16 football team is a feeder team of the Italy under-17 team.
<Gorden_Wagener>	Gorden Wagener (born September 3, 1968, in Essen) is a German car designer, and is the chief design officer for Mercedes-Benz Group AG.Wagener studied Industrial Design at the University of Duisburg-Essen (1990–1993), after which he specialized his studies in Transportation Design at The Royal College of Art in London. After college, he worked as an exterior designer for Volkswagen, Mazda and General Motors.In 1997 he joined Mercedes-Benz as a transportation designer and became the manager for the exterior and interior styling of the R-,ML- and GL-Class models in 1999 and moving onto the A-, B-, C-, E-, CLK- and CLS-Class in 2002. He moved to the Advanced Design studio in the US in 2006 and became Director of Design Strategy and Global Advanced Design in 2007. The following year he was promoted to Vice President Design of Daimler AG where he developed the company style called "sensual purity" in 2009.
<IEEE_Founders_Medal>	The IEEE Founders Medal is an award is presented for outstanding contributions in the leadership, planning, and administration of affairs of great value to the electrical and electronics engineering profession. It may be presented to an individual or team up to three in number. This medal was established by the Institute of Radio Engineers (IRE) in 1952. The medal continued to be awarded after the merge of the IRE with the American Institute of Electrical Engineers (AIEE) in 1963 to form the IEEE.Recipients of this medal receive a gold medal, bronze replica, certificate, and cash honorarium.The award is sponsored by the IEEE Foundation.Basis for Judging: In the evaluation process, the following criteria are considered: outstanding leadership, planning or administration of affairs related to the profession, major industry administrator, manager of a complex scientific mission. An additional consideration may be service to the IEEE beyond normal expectations.
<Gudmund_Hoel>	Gudmund Hoel (25 September 1877 – 7 September 1956) was a Norwegian architect. He is regarded as the second-most influential railway architect in Norway, after Paul Due.He was born in Kragerø, Norway. Hoel graduated from Kristiania Tekniske Skole (today Oslo University College) in 1896. For six years he had various assistant jobs at architecture firms in Norway and Germany. From 1903-04, he conducted study trips to the United States. In 1904, he started working for Holger Sinding-Larsen, and in 1910 he established his own firm.In 1913, he was appointed director of the newly established NSB Arkitektkontor, an in-house division of the Norwegian State Railways. He remained director there until he retired in 1947. His early works were mostly in historicism, but from the 1920s he started designing in neoclassicism.
<Blue_Harvest>	"Blue Harvest" is the hour-long premiere of the sixth season of the American animated television series Family Guy and the first part of the series' Laugh It Up, Fuzzball trilogy. It originally aired on Fox in the United States on September 23, 2007. The episode is a retelling and parody of the 1977 blockbuster film Star Wars, recasting the show's characters as Star Wars characters, created with permission from Lucasfilm on the condition that the characters had to look exactly like they do in the movies. The plot follows Peter as he retells the story of Star Wars while the electricity is out in their house.The title is a reference to the working title of Return of the Jedi. The episode was written by Alec Sulkin and directed by Dominic Polcino, and guest-stars Chevy Chase, Beverly D'Angelo, Mick Hucknall, Rush Limbaugh, and Judd Nelson. The episode also includes recurring voice actors Lori Alan, Adam West, Ralph Garman, Danny Smith, John Viener, Steve Callaghan, Kirker Butler, Mark Hentemann, Johnny Brennan, Jon Benjamin, Phil LaMarr, and Wally Wingert. It was viewed by 10.86 million viewers on its original broadcast and received generally positive reviews from critics.
<Juhi_Chaturvedi>	Juhi Chaturvedi (born 1975) is an Indian screenwriter who works in Hindi films. An advertising professional based in Mumbai, Chaturvedi has written scripts for Bollywood films Vicky Donor (2012), Piku (2015), October (2018) and Gulabo Sitabo (2020).She won the 2013 Filmfare Award for Best Story for Vicky Donor (2012), the National Film Award for Best Original Screenplay and Best Dialogues and the 2016 Filmfare Award for Best Screenplay for Piku (2015).
<Hawaiian_Volcano_Observatory>	The Hawaiian Volcano Observatory (HVO) is an agency of the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) and one of five volcano observatories operating under the USGS Volcano Hazards Program. Based in Hilo, Hawaii, the observatory monitors six Hawaiian volcanoes: Kīlauea, Mauna Loa, Kamaʻehuakanaloa (formerly Lōʻihi), Hualālai, Mauna Kea, and Haleakalā, of which, Kīlauea and Mauna Loa are the most active. The observatory has a worldwide reputation as a leader in the study of active volcanism. Due to the relatively non-explosive nature of Kīlauea's volcanic eruptions for many years, scientists have generally been able to study ongoing eruptions in proximity without being in extreme danger.Prior to May 2018, the observatory's offices were located at Uwekahuna Bluff, the highest point on the rim of Kīlauea Caldera. The summit collapse events during the 2018 eruption of Kīlauea damaged those facilities, so the observatory has since been operating from various temporary offices located in Hilo on the Island of Hawaiʻi.Besides the oral history of Ancient Hawaiians, several early explorers left records of observations. Rev. William Ellis kept a journal of his 1823 missionary tour, and Titus Coan documented eruptions through 1881.Scientists often debated the accuracy of these descriptions. When geologist Thomas Jaggar of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology gave a lecture in Honolulu in 1909, he was approached by businessman Lorrin A. Thurston (grandson of Asa Thurston who was on the 1823 missionary tour) about building a full-time scientific observatory at Kīlauea. The Hawaiian Volcano Research Association was formed by local businessmen for its support. George Lycurgus, who owned the Volcano House at the edge of the main caldera, proposed a site adjacent to his hotel and restaurant.
<Ingrid_Schulerud>	Ingrid Schulerud (born 8 July 1959) is a Norwegian diplomat.She served as Norway's ambassador to Belgium from 2015 to 2019.Schulerud is the daughter of Mentz Schulerud, an author and radio personality well known for his encyclopedic knowledge of their home city of Oslo. Her aunt—Mentz' sister—was the children's book author Anne-Cath. Vestly.
<University_of_Khartoum>	The University of Khartoum (U of K) (Arabic: جامعة الخرطوم) is a public university located in Khartoum, Sudan. It is the largest and oldest university in Sudan. UofK was founded as Gordon Memorial College in 1902 and established in 1956 when Sudan gained independence. Since that date, the University of Khartoum has been recognized as a top university and a high-ranked academic institution in Sudan and Africa.It features several institutes, academic units and research centers including Mycetoma Research Center, Soba University Hospital, Saad Abualila Hospital, Dr. Salma Dialysis centre, Institute of Endemic Diseases, Institute for Studies and Promotion of Animal Exports, Institute of African and Asian Studies, Institute of Prof. Abdalla ElTayeb for Arabic Language, Development Studies and Research Institute, The Materials and Nanotechnology Research Center and U of K publishing house. The Sudan Library, a section of the university's library, serves as the national library of Sudan. It is also characterized by freedom of expression, and a number of revolutions have ignited from it to bring down unjust governments.In 1898 after Britain gained dominance in Sudan as part of a condominium arrangement, Lord Kitchener proposed founding a college in the memory of Gordon of Khartoum, who was killed in the Battle of Khartoum.  The request for donations of £100,000 to build the college was achieved in six weeks and the Gordon Memorial College was founded in 1902 with initially three schools - an industrial school and two higher primary schools and a small teachers training centre.
<Kyel_Reid>	Kyel Romane Reid (born 26 November 1987) is an English professional footballer who plays as a winger for Beaconsfield Town.Born in South London, Reid joined West Ham United in July 2004 and is a product of the West Ham United academy system. He made his full debut for the club in a 1–0 away win over West Bromwich Albion in May 2006 and made a second appearance against Tottenham Hotspur later in the same month.
<Kings_Theatre_(Brooklyn)>	The Kings Theatre, formerly Loew's Kings Theatre, is a live performance venue in the Flatbush neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City.  Opened by Loew's Theatres as a movie palace in 1929 and closed in 1977, the theater sat empty for decades until a complete renovation was initiated in 2010. The theater reopened to the public on January 23, 2015 as a performing arts venue. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 22, 2012.Loew's Kings Theatre was designed by the architectural firm of Rapp and Rapp. The interior decor was designed by Harold W. Rambusch, with influences from the Palace of Versailles and Paris Opera House. It was built and operated by the Loew's Theatres chain, and was one of the five "Loew's Wonder Theatres" in the New York metropolitan area.  This 3,676 seat house originally presented shows that combined movies and live vaudeville.  It opened September 7, 1929, with a program that included the film Evangeline, a live stage show, orchestra and solo pipe organ. The film's star, Dolores del Río made a special live appearance. With the decline of vaudeville, however, the theater soon converted to showing feature films only.
<Anatoly_Alexandrov_(physicist)>	Anatoly Petrovich Alexandrov (Russian: Анатолий Петрович Александров, 13 February 1903–3 February 1994), also known as A.P. Alexandrov, k.N., was a Russian physicist who played a crucial and centralizing role in the former Soviet program of nuclear weapons. During his lifetime, Alexandrov was the recipient of many honors, civil citations, and state awards for this work and was also the director of the Kurchatov Institute and the President of the Soviet Academy of Sciences from 1975 until 1986.
<Michele_Dougherty>	Michele Karen Dougherty CBE FRS FRAS (born 1962)  is a Professor of Space Physics at Imperial College London. She is leading unmanned exploratory missions to Saturn and Jupiter and is Principal Investigator for J-MAG – a magnetometer for the European Space Agency's Jupiter Icy Moons Explorer, due for launch in August 2022.Michele Dougherty became interested in outer space when she was ten years old, when her father built a 10-inch telescope through which she saw the moons of Jupiter and Saturn. Dougherty was educated at the University of Natal where she was awarded a PhD in 1989 for research on wave-particle interactions in dispersive and anisotropic media.Dougherty left South Africa for a fellowship in Germany, working on applied mathematics, before moving to Imperial College London in 1991. She was appointed a Professor of Space Physics in 2004 and teaches undergraduates alongside her research. She is Head of the Department of Physics at Imperial College London.
<Michael_Levine_(biologist)>	Michael Levine is an American developmental and cell biologist at Princeton University, where he is the Director of the Lewis-Sigler Institute for Integrative Genomics and a Professor of Molecular Biology.Levine previously held appointments at the University of California, Berkeley, the University of California, San Diego, and Columbia University. He is notable for co-discovering the Homeobox in 1983 and for discovering the organization of the regulatory regions of developmental genes.Levine was born in West Hollywood and raised in Los Angeles.  Levine studied biology as an undergraduate at UC Berkeley, studying biology with Allan Wilson and graduating in 1976. He went on to graduate studies at Yale, where he studied with Alan Garen and in 1981 received a Ph.D. in molecular biophysics and biochemistry.
<Evanston,_Illinois>	Evanston (/ˈɛvənstən/ EV-ən-stən) is a college town suburb of Chicago. Located in Cook County, Illinois, United States, it is situated on the North Shore along Lake Michigan. Evanston is 12 miles (19 km) north of Downtown Chicago, bordered by Chicago to the south, Skokie to the west, Wilmette to the north, and Lake Michigan to the east. Evanston had a population of 78,110 as of 2020[update].Founded by Methodist business leaders in 1857, the city was incorporated in 1863. Evanston is home to Northwestern University, founded in 1851 before the city's incorporation, one of the world's leading research universities. Today known for its socially liberal politics and ethnically diverse population, Evanston was historically a dry city, until 1972. The city uses a council–manager system of government and is a Democratic stronghold. The city is heavily shaped by the influence of Chicago, externally, and Northwestern, internally. The city and the university share a historically complex long-standing relationship.
<Piraeus_Bank>	Piraeus Bank (Greek: Τράπεζα Πειραιώς) is a Greek multinational financial services company with its headquarters in Athens, Greece. Piraeus Bank's shares have been listed on the Athens Stock Exchange (ATHEX) since January 1918.In Greece, with a 30% market share in loans (34.4 billion) and 29% in deposits (54.6 billion), is the country's largest bank.Piraeus Bank is a universal bank providing various banking services.
<Tina_Onassis_Niarchos>	Athina Mary "Tina" Onassis Niarchos (née Livanos; Greek: Αθηνά (Τίνα) Λιβανού, pronounced [aθiˈna ˈtina livaˈnu]; 19 March 1929 – 10 October 1974) was an English-born Greek-French socialite and shipping heiress, the second daughter of the Greek shipping magnate Stavros Livanos and Arietta Zafiraki. She was best known as the first wife of Aristotle Onassis, but she later married her older sister Eugenia's widower, Stavros Niarchos. She was also the elder sister of George Stavros Livanos.She was married three times. Her husbands were:
<A_Very_Peculiar_Practice>	A Very Peculiar Practice is a surreal black-comedy drama set in the health centre of a British university, produced by the BBC, which ran for two series in 1986 and 1988. The two series were followed by a 90-minute made-for-television film, A Very Polish Practice (1992), following some of the characters to a new setting in Poland.It was written by Andrew Davies and was inspired by his experiences as a lecturer at the University of Warwick, and it has been interpreted as a commentary on contemporary trends in education. It was one of only two original television series that he wrote.
<Recep_Tayyip_Erdoğan>	Recep Tayyip Erdoğan (born 26 February 1954) is a Turkish politician serving as the 12th and current president of Turkey since 2014. He previously served as prime minister of Turkey from 2003 to 2014 and as mayor of Istanbul from 1994 to 1998. He founded the Justice and Development Party (AKP) in 2001, leading it to election victories in 2002, 2007, and 2011 general elections before being required to stand down upon his election as president in 2014. He later returned to the AKP leadership in 2017 following the constitutional referendum that year. Coming from an Islamist political background and self-describing as a conservative democrat, he has promoted socially conservative and populist policies during his administration.
<Our_Lady_of_the_Flowers>	Our Lady of the Flowers (Notre-Dame-des-Fleurs) is the debut novel of French writer Jean Genet, first published in 1943. The free-flowing, poetic novel is a largely autobiographical account of a man's journey through the Parisian underworld. The characters are drawn after their real-life counterparts, who are mostly homosexuals living on the fringes of society.The novel tells the story of Divine, a drag queen who, when the novel opens, has died of tuberculosis and been canonised as a result.  The narrator tells us that the stories he is telling are mainly to amuse himself whilst he passes his sentence in prison – and the highly erotic, often explicitly sexual, stories are spun to assist his masturbation.  Jean-Paul Sartre called it "the epic of masturbation".Divine lives in an attic room overlooking Montmartre cemetery, which he shares with various lovers, the most important of whom is a pimp called Darling Daintyfoot ("Mignon-les-Petits-Pieds" in French).  One day Darling brings home a young hoodlum and murderer, dubbed Our Lady of the Flowers.  Our Lady is eventually arrested and tried, and executed.  Death and ecstasy accompany the acts of every character, as Genet performs a transvaluation of all values, making betrayal the highest moral value, murder an act of virtue and sexual appeal.
<John_E._Walker>	Sir John Ernest Walker FRS FMedSci (born 7 January 1941) is a British chemist who won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1997. As of 2015[update] Walker is Emeritus Director and Professor at the MRC Mitochondrial Biology Unit in Cambridge, and a Fellow of Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge.Walker was born in Halifax, Yorkshire, the son of Thomas Ernest Walker, a stonemason, and Elsie Lawton, an amateur musician. He was brought up with his two younger sisters (Judith and Jen) in a rural environment and went to Rastrick Grammar School. At school, he was a keen sportsman and specialized in physical sciences and mathematics during his final three years there. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Chemistry from St Catherine's College, Oxford. Walker began his study of peptide antibiotics with Edward Abraham at Oxford in 1965 and received his Doctor of Philosophy degree in 1969. During this period, he became interested in developments in molecular biology.
<Walter_Munk>	Walter Heinrich Munk (October 19, 1917 – February 8, 2019) was an American physical oceanographer. He was one of the first scientists to bring statistical methods to the analysis of oceanographic data. His work won awards including the National Medal of Science, the Kyoto Prize, and induction to the French Legion of Honour.Munk worked on a wide range of topics, including surface waves, geophysical implications of variations in the Earth's rotation, tides, internal waves, deep-ocean drilling into the sea floor, acoustical measurements of ocean properties, sea level rise, and climate change. Beginning in 1975, Munk and Carl Wunsch developed ocean acoustic tomography, to exploit the ease with which sound travels in the ocean and use acoustical signals for measurement of broad-scale temperature and current. In a 1991 experiment, Munk and his collaborators investigated the ability of underwater sound to propagate from the Southern Indian Ocean across all ocean basins. The aim was to measure global ocean temperature. The experiment was criticized by environmental groups, who expected that the loud acoustic signals would adversely affect marine life. Munk continued to develop and advocate for acoustical measurements of the ocean throughout his career.
<Kimiko_Hahn>	Kimiko Hahn (born July 5, 1955) is an American poet and distinguished professor in the MFA program of Queens College, CUNY. Her works frequently deal with the reinvention of poetic forms and the intersecting of conflicting identities.Hahn was born in Mount Kisco, New York on July 5, 1955. Her parents are both artists. Her mother, Maude Miyako Hamai, was a Japanese American from Maui, Hawaii; her father, Walter Hahn, was a German American from Wisconsin. They met in Chicago, where Walter was a friend of the notable African American author Ralph Ellison. Her sister is Tomie Hahn, a performer and ethnologist.Hahn grew up in Pleasantville, New York, and between 1964 and 1965,  the Hahns later lived in Tokyo, Japan. As a teen, she became involved in the New York City Asian American movement of the 1970s. Zhou Xiaojing has commented that her racially mixed background influenced "her profound understanding of the politics of the body" as seen in her poetry (113). In the U.S., her Asian appearance made some schoolmates "called her Chinese or Japanese, never regarding her as an American like them. Yet when she went to Japan … her schoolmates [there] called her American or 'gaijin'" (113).
<Turkey_national_under-19_football_team>	The Turkey national under-19 football team is the national under-19 football team of Turkey and is controlled by the Turkish Football Federation. The team competes in the UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship, held every year. The Under-19 UEFA tournament originally began as the FIFA Junior Tournament between 1948 and 1954. It has since been renamed a number of times, most notably referred to as the UEFA European U-18 Championship between 1981 and 2001. The tournament was renamed as the UEFA European U-19 Championship in 2002, but importantly the overall statistics are collated from 1948. In addition, every even year, the top five teams from the respective UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship compete in the FIFA U-20 World Cup the following year.In addition to team victories, Turkish players have won individual awards at UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship.  Win  Draw  Loss
<Milton_Pollack>	Milton Pollack (September 29, 1906 – August 13, 2004) was a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.Born in New York City, New York, Pollack received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Columbia University in 1927. He received a Juris Doctor from Columbia Law School in 1929. He was in private practice of law in New York City from 1929 to 1967.Pollack was nominated by President Lyndon B. Johnson on May 24, 1967, to a seat on the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York vacated by Judge Wilfred Feinberg. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on June 12, 1967, and received his commission the same day. He assumed senior status on September 29, 1983. His service was terminated on August 13, 2004, due to his death in New York City.
<Storm_de_Hirsch>	Storm de Hirsch (1912–2000) was an American poet and filmmaker. She was a key figure in the New York avant-garde film scene of the 1960s, and one of the founding members of the Film-Makers' Cooperative. Although often overlooked by historians, in recent years she has been recognized as a pioneer of underground cinema.Born Lillian Malkin in New Jersey in 1912, Storm de Hirsch left home at an early age to pursue a career in the arts in New York City. There she married her first husband, an artist named de Hirsch. She later married Louis Brigante, a filmmaker and one of the early editors of Film Culture magazine; the marriage lasted until Brigante's death in 1975.Like many experimental filmmakers at the time, de Hirsch did not begin her artistic career as a filmmaker; she was a poet who had published at least two collections by 1965. She turned to filmmaking because she wanted to find a new mode of expression for her thoughts that went beyond words on the page. In 1962 she made her first film and soon became active in the New York underground film movement, associating with filmmakers such as Stan Brakhage, Jonas Mekas, Shirley Clarke and others. In an interview with Jonas Mekas she mentioned Jack Smith, Ingmar Bergman, Gregory Markopoulos, Michelangelo Antonioni, Vittorio De Seta, Ken Jacobs, Federico Fellini and Jonas and Adolphus Mekas as her favorite filmmakers.
<Starpath>	Starpath was a U.S. company known for creating the Starpath Supercharger in August 1982. The company was founded under the name Arcadia Corporation in 1981 by Alan Bayley, Robert Brown, and Craig Nelson.  It changed its name to Starpath shortly after for trademark reasons because Emerson Radio Corporation had released a video game console named the Emerson Arcadia 2001.The Starpath Supercharger is a peripheral cartridge for the Atari 2600 video game console that expands the machine capabilities by adding more RAM, allowing for higher resolution graphics and larger games, and by providing a connector to which a regular cassette player can be connected, thus permitting larger games, stored on tape, to be loaded.Starpath merged with Epyx in 1984. As of 2004[update], rights to Starpath games are owned by Bridgestone Multimedia, a religious multimedia company.
<Frida_Winnerstrand>	Karolina Alfrida ("Frida") Winnerstrand, née Kumlin (23 January 1881 – 1 December 1943) was a Swedish actress.Born in Lövsta, Järfälla, Stockholm, Frida Winnerstrand made her debut 1896 in the Anna Lundbergs Theatre Company and later studied acting at the Royal Dramatic Theatre's acting school (Dramatens elevskola) in Stockholm 1900-1901. Later she joined the Hillberg Company (1901–02) and the Selander Company (1902–03) on tour. Performed at Albert Ranft's theatre, old Östermalmsteatern 1903, at the Swedish Theatre 1904 and from 1905-19 at Vasateatern. From 1919 to her death in 1943 she worked at the Royal Dramatic Theatre in Stockholm where some of her most notable parts were as Lady Chiltern in Oscar Wildes An Ideal Husband (1919), Adelaide i play Johan Ulfstjerna, Julia Swedenhielm in Hjalmar Bergmans Swedenhielms (1925), Essie Miller in Eugene O'Neills Ah, Wilderness! (1935–36), Mrs Heyst in Strindbergs Easter and as Mor i Falla in Selma Lagerlöfs Kejsarn av Portugallien (The Emperor of Portugal) (1939).Frida Winnerstrand made her film debut in 1920 in Pauline Brunius silent short film De läckra skaldjuren, and played altogether 10 parts on film (only three talkies). She was since 1906 married to Swedish actor Olof Winnerstrand. They often appeared together on stage and played opposite each other in the popular long-running radio series Familjen Björck (The Björck Family), as Mr and Mrs Björck (that aired in Swedish Radio, SR, between 1936-1943), and later also in the popular film adaption of the series, shot in 1940.
<Liberty_Media>	Liberty Media Corporation (commonly referred to as Liberty Media or just Liberty) is an American mass media company controlled by chairman John C. Malone. The company has three divisions, reflecting the company's ownership stakes in Formula One, SiriusXM, and the Atlanta Braves Major League Baseball team.Liberty Media began in 1991 as a spin-off of TCI, an American cable-television group. Peter Barton, hired by TCI's Malone, served as president until retiring in April 1997. The company took over TCI assets considered to have little value, but Barton completed "a deal every ten days for six years" and made the company a big success. Liberty was merged back into TCI in the mid-1990s.
<Kenneth_Williams>	Kenneth Charles Williams (22 February 1926 – 15 April 1988) was an English actor of Welsh heritage. He was best known for his comedy roles and in later life as a raconteur and diarist. He was one of the main ensemble in 26 of the 31 Carry On films, and appeared in many British television programmes and radio comedies, including series with Tony Hancock and Kenneth Horne, as well as being a regular panellist on BBC Radio 4's comedy panel show Just a Minute from its second series in 1968 until his death 20 years later.Williams grew up in Central London in a working-class family; he claimed his father spoke cockney. He served in the Royal Engineers during World War II, where he first became interested in becoming an entertainer. After a short spell in repertory theatre as a serious actor, he turned to comedy and achieved national fame in Hancock's Half Hour. He sustained continued success throughout the 1960s and 1970s with his regular appearances in Carry On films, and subsequently kept himself in the public eye with chat shows and other television work.
<Greater_London_Council>	The Greater London Council (GLC) was the top-tier local government administrative body for Greater London from 1965 to 1986. It replaced the earlier London County Council (LCC) which had covered a much smaller area. The GLC was dissolved in 1986 by the Local Government Act 1985 and its powers were devolved to the London boroughs and other entities. A new administrative body, known as the Greater London Authority (GLA), was established in 2000.The GLC was established by the London Government Act 1963, which sought to create a new body covering more of London rather than just the inner part of the conurbation, additionally including and empowering newly created London boroughs within the overall administrative structure.
<Josefina_Villalobos>	Josefina Isabel Villalobos Páramo (born August 5, 1924) is an American-born Colombian-Ecuadorian public servant. She was the First Lady of Ecuador serving from August 10, 1992 through August 10, 1996 when her husband, Sixto Durán Ballén, served as President of Ecuador.Villalobos was born in New York City to Colombian parents. In 1945, she married Sixto Durán Ballén.As the first lady of the nation, Villalobos was known in the media and by the Ecuadorian people Finita de Durán-Ballén. When she became first lady, she played a vital role in the creation of the National Institute of the Child and the Family [qu] (INNFA). She was known for hosting of Carondelet Palace and accompanying her husband in various trips nationally and internationally. Josefina was the first older lady to assume the role, since she was 68 years old when her husband won the presidency of the Republic in 1992.
<Sport_Klub>	Sportklub is a subscription sports television service which has been broadcast in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, Serbia and Slovenia since 2006, Croatia from 2007 and in North Macedonia from 2011. A different version of the channel has also been available in Poland since 2006.Sportklub broadcasts many different sporting events including football, basketball, tennis, American football, ice hockey, volleyball, handball, athletics, and golf among others. The programmes are transmitted in Serbian, Croatian, Slovenian, Macedonian, and Albanian.
<Graeme_Norgate>	Graeme Norgate is a British video game music composer who has composed music for a variety of video games developed by Rare. His first project at Rare was writing music for the Game Boy game, Donkey Kong Land. He also contributed to the soundtracks of Blast Corps and GoldenEye 007. Norgate was later an employee of Free Radical Design, the company was eventually bought out by Crytek and renamed to Crytek UK; Norgate retained the position of audio director after the company's buyout. Norgate later moved to Deep Silver Dambuster Studios after Crytek closed down Crytek UK.Originally working at a bank before joining Rare in 1994, Norgate worked on the music of such games as GoldenEye 007 and Blast Corps. A friend of fellow Rare composer Robin Beanland, the two worked on the original soundtrack to Killer Instinct in the 1990s. He also composed music (but was not fully credited)[citation needed] for other Rareware games such as Diddy Kong Racing, Jet Force Gemini, and Perfect Dark.
<Chakra_(film)>	Chakra is a focal point in ancient meditation practices.Chakra may also refer to:
<Bodrum>	Bodrum (Turkish pronunciation: [ˈbodɾum]) is a port city in Muğla Province, southwestern Turkey, at the entrance to the Gulf of Gökova. Its population was 35,795 at the 2012 census, with a total of 136,317 inhabitants residing within the district's borders. Known in ancient times as Halicarnassus, the city was once home to the Mausoleum at Halicarnassus, also known as the tomb of Mausolus, one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World.The city was founded by Dorian Greeks. It later fell under Achaemenid Persian rule and became the capital city of the satrapy of Caria. Mausolus ruled Caria from here, and after his death in 353 BC, his wife Artemisia built a tomb, called the Mausoleum, for him. Macedonian forces laid siege to the city and captured it in 334 BCE. After Alexander's death, the city passed to successive Hellenistic rulers and was briefly an independent kingdom until 129 BCE, when it came under Roman rule. A series of natural disasters and repeated pirate attacks wreaked havoc on the area, and the city lost its importance by the time of the Byzantine era. The Knights Hospitaller arrived in 1402 and used the remains of the Mausoleum as a quarry to build Bodrum Castle. The castle and its town became known as Petronium, whence the modern name Bodrum. After the conquest of Rhodes by Suleiman the Magnificent in 1522, the town fell under Ottoman control as the Knights Hospitaller relocated to Europe.By the 20th century, the city's economy was mainly based on fishing and sponge diving, but tourism has become the main industry in Bodrum since the late 20th century. The abundance of visitors has also contributed to Bodrum's retail and service industry. Milas–Bodrum Airport and Kos International Airport are the main airports that serve the city. The port has ferries to other nearby Turkish and Greek ports and islands, Kos being the most important. Most of the public transportation in the city is based on local share taxis and buses.
<Hervé_Villechaize>	Hervé Jean-Pierre Villechaize (French: [ɛʁve vilʃɛz]; April 23, 1943 – September 4, 1993) was a French actor and painter. He is best known for his role as the evil henchman Nick Nack in the 1974 James Bond film The Man with the Golden Gun, and his role as Mr. Roarke's assistant, Tattoo, on the 1977–1984 American television series Fantasy Island. On Fantasy Island, his shout of "The plane! The plane!" became one of the show's signature phrases.Villechaize was born in Nazi-occupied Paris, France, on April 23, 1943, to English-born Evelyn (Recchionni) and André Villechaize, a surgeon in Toulon. The youngest of four sons, Villechaize was born with dwarfism, likely due to an endocrine disorder, which his surgeon father tried unsuccessfully to cure in several institutions. In later years, he insisted on being called a "midget" rather than a "dwarf", which annoyed his acting contemporary with a similar condition, Billy Barty, who was an activist who found that term derogatory. Villechaize was bullied at school for his condition and found solace in painting. In 1959, at age 16, he entered the École des Beaux-Arts to study art. In 1961, he became the youngest artist ever to have his work displayed in the Museum of Paris.
<Freddie_de_Guingand>	Major-General Sir Francis Wilfred "Freddie" de Guingand, KBE, CB, DSO (28 February 1900 – 29 June 1979) was a British Army officer who served as Field Marshal Sir Bernard Montgomery's chief of staff from the Second Battle of El Alamein until the end of the Second World War. He played an important diplomatic role in sustaining relations between the notoriously difficult Montgomery and his peers and superiors.A graduate of the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, de Guingand joined the West Yorkshire Regiment (Prince of Wales's Own) in December 1919. He served in India and Ireland, and was seconded to the King's African Rifles  in Nyasaland from 1926 to 1931. Through the intervention of Montgomery, with whom he had formed a friendship with during their service together the 1920s and 1930s, he secured a nomination to 1935–36 course at the Staff College, Camberley. He served as Military Assistant to the Secretary of State for War, Leslie Hore-Belisha, from 1939 to 1940, in which role he had exposure to the most senior officers in the army and developed skills in diplomacy.
<Cassa_Depositi_e_Prestiti>	Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A. (also kwown as CDP or CDP Group) is a prominent Italian investment bank founded on November 20, 1850, in Turin. Its main duty was to finance public works like roads and waterworks during the reign of Victor Emmanuel II of Italy, King of Sardinia-Piedmont.CDP is the major Italian  institution for economic development through long-term investments at local, regional and national level and acts as the government's arm for executing public policy mandates.It is among the founders (with Caisse des Dépots, KfW and European Investment Bank) of the Long-Term Investors Club, a group that gathers 18 major financial institutions and institutional investors from all over the world mainly from G20 countries.
<Gerard_Piel>	Gerard Piel (1 March 1915 in Woodmere, N.Y. – 5 September 2004) was the publisher of the new Scientific American magazine starting in 1948. He wrote for  magazines, including The Nation, and published books on science for the general public. In 1990, Piel was presented with the In Praise of Reason award by the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry (CSICOP).Piel graduated from Harvard University, magna cum laude, with a bachelor of arts degree in 1937. He was the science editor of Life Magazine from 1939 to 1945. In 1946 and 1947, he worked at the Henry Kaiser Company as assistant to the president. In 1948, in association with two colleagues, he launched a new version of Scientific American, to promote science literacy for the general public in the postwar era. In January 1957 Piel hired the then unknown Martin Gardner to write the Mathematical Games column, a feature that became one of the most popular parts of the magazine, lasted for 25 years, and produced almost 300 columns.Piel was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the American Philosophical Society. He held a number of honorary degrees and awards, including the UNESCO Kalinga Prize in 1962.
<Brazil_national_under-17_football_team>	The Brazil national under-17 football team, also known as Brazil Under-17s or Seleção Sub-17, represents Brazil in association football, at an under-17 age level and is controlled by the Brazilian Football Confederation, the governing body for football in Brazil. Their head coach is Phelipe Leal.Brazil hosted the 2019 FIFA U-17 World Cup. It was the first time that Brazil ever hosted a FIFA youth tournament. The tournament cumulated in Brazil lifting their 4th FIFA U-17 World Cup, making it the first time ever that Brazil had won a FIFA World Cup competition at home.
<Clifton_C._Edom>	Clifton Cedric Edom (February 12, 1907 – January 30, 1991), often credited with the title "Father of Photojournalism", was prolific in the development of photojournalism education.Edom was born in Baylis, Illinois. After receiving a teaching certificate from the Western Illinois State Teachers College, now Western Illinois University, in 1925, he attended a Linotype school and worked for several newspapers. He married Vilia Clarissa "Vi" Patefield (1908–2004) on June 30, 1928, and the couple bought the weekly Edgar News in Edgar, Wisconsin, working with it until 1930 when Edom began work with the Wausau Record-Herald in Wausau, Wisconsin.Five years later, the Edoms with their daughter Verna Mae "Vme", moved to Aurora, Missouri, for Cliff to study under renowned photographer Charles S. Martz at Tasopé and he went on to serve as educational director of TASOPE, the Aurora School of Photo-Engraving, as well as editor of its magazine The Tasope News, later PIX.
<Neil_Armstrong>	Neil Alden Armstrong (August 5, 1930 – August 25, 2012) was an American astronaut and aeronautical engineer who became the first person to walk on the Moon in 1969. He was also a naval aviator, test pilot, and university professor.Armstrong was born and raised in Wapakoneta, Ohio. A graduate of Purdue University, he studied aeronautical engineering; his college tuition was paid for by the U.S. Navy under the Holloway Plan. He became a midshipman in 1949 and a naval aviator the following year. He saw action in the Korean War, flying the Grumman F9F Panther from the aircraft carrier USS Essex. In September 1951, while making a low bombing run, Armstrong's aircraft was damaged when it collided with an anti-aircraft cable, strung across a valley, which cut off a large portion of one wing. Armstrong was forced to bail out. After the war, he completed his bachelor's degree at Purdue and became a test pilot at the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics (NACA) High-Speed Flight Station at Edwards Air Force Base in California. He was the project pilot on Century Series fighters and flew the North American X-15 seven times. He was also a participant in the U.S. Air Force's Man in Space Soonest and X-20 Dyna-Soar human spaceflight programs.
<Francis_Ley>	Sir Francis Ley, 1st Baronet (3 January 1846 – 27 January 1916) was an English industrialist. He founded Ley's Malleable Castings Vulcan Ironworks in Derby.  He (re-)introduced baseball into the United Kingdom town of Derby with the Ley's Recreation Club (later known as Derby Baseball Club) and owned Ley's Recreation Centre from 1890 to 1924, which was home to Derby County Football Club.In 1905, Ley was created a Baronet, of Epperstone Manor and, in the same year, served as High Sheriff of Nottinghamshire.
<Germaine_Greer>	Germaine Greer (/ɡrɪər/; born 29 January 1939) is an Australian writer and public intellectual, regarded as one of the major voices of the radical feminist movement in the latter half of the 20th century.Specializing in English and women's literature, she has held academic positions in England at the University of Warwick and Newnham College, Cambridge, and in the United States at the University of Tulsa. Based in the United Kingdom since 1964, she has divided her time since the 1990s between Queensland, Australia, and her home in Essex, England.
<Fantástico>	Fantástico (originally known as Fantástico: O Show da Vida, Portuguese for Fantastic —The Show of Life) is a Brazilian weekly television news program broadcast on Sunday nights on Rede Globo since August 5, 1973, created by José Bonifácio de Oliveira Sobrinho.It lasts two hours, including commercials. Currently presented by Maria Júlia Coutinho and Poliana Abritta, it has been recognized as one of the best programs of Brazilian television, besides being the most watched program on Sunday.Fantástico debuted on August 5, 1973 in black-and-white and began as a variety show featuring music, dance numbers, tele theater, humorous sketches and some news as well. The following year, it began transmission in color.
<Raymond_Massey>	Raymond Hart Massey (August 30, 1896 – July 29, 1983) was a Canadian actor, known for his commanding, stage-trained voice. For his lead role in Abe Lincoln in Illinois (1940), Massey was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor. Among his most well known roles were Dr Gillespie in the NBC television series Dr. Kildare (1961–1966), Abraham Farlan in A Matter of Life and Death and Jonathan Brewster in Arsenic and Old Lace (1944).Massey was born in Toronto, Ontario, the son of Anna (née Vincent), who was American-born, and Chester Daniel Massey, the wealthy owner of the Massey-Harris Tractor Company. He was the grandson of businessman Hart Massey and great-grandson of founder Daniel Massey. His branch of the Massey family emigrated to Canada from New England a few years before the War of 1812, their ancestors having migrated from England to the Massachusetts colony in the 1630s. He attended secondary school briefly at Upper Canada College in Toronto, Ontario before transferring after two years to Appleby College in Oakville, Ontario, and taking several courses at the University of Toronto, where he was an active member of the Kappa Alpha Society.[citation needed]Massey joined the Canadian Army at the outbreak of World War I, and served on the Western Front in the Royal Regiment of Canadian Artillery. Lieutenant Massey returned to Canada after being  wounded at Zillebeke in Belgium during the Battle of Mont Sorrel in 1916 and was engaged as an army instructor for American officers at Yale University. In 1918, he was recalled to active service and joined the Canadian Siberian Expeditionary Force that went to  Siberia during the Allied intervention in the Russian Civil War. On the orders of his commanding general, he organized a minstrel show troupe with himself as end man in blackface to bolster morale of allied troops on occupation duty in Vladivostok.
<Woody_Jenkins>	Irving R. BoudreauxRichard E. CheekCarl V. DawsonLaurence "Smokey" DelaroderieChris Faser Jr.Eugene Webb McGeheeLouis Elwood Jenkins Jr., known as Woody Jenkins (born January 3, 1947), is a newspaper editor in Baton Rouge and Central City, Louisiana, who served as a member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from 1972 to 2000 and waged three unsuccessful races for the United States Senate in 1978, 1980, and 1996.Jenkins was born in Baton Rouge to Louis E. "Ory" Jenkins Sr. and Doris Laverne Rowlett (1922–2013). Early in their married life, his parents operated a restaurant, Little Ory's Den in Ponchatoula in Tangipahoa Parish.[citation needed] Later, Ory Jenkins was employed as an operator by Ethyl Corporation.[citation needed] Doris Jenkins worked in safety deposit at the American Bank on the Plank Road in Baton Rouge, a position from which she retired in 1982 after twenty-five years.
<Ipswich_Town_F.C.>	Ipswich Town Football Club is a professional association football club based in Ipswich, Suffolk, England. They play in League One, the third tier of the English football league system.The club was founded in 1878 but did not turn professional until 1936; it was subsequently elected to join the Football League in 1938. Ipswich won the English league title in 1961–62, their first season in the top flight, and finished runners-up in 1980–81 and 1981–82. They finished in the top six in the English First Division for ten years, with the exception of when they won the FA Cup in 1977–78. Ipswich were a regular competitor in European football and won the UEFA Cup in 1980–81. The club has competed in all three major European club competitions and holds the record as being the only British side to have never lost at home in European competition, having defeated teams such as Real Madrid, AC Milan, Inter Milan, Lazio and Barcelona.
<Pauline_Bush_(actress)>	Pauline Elvira Bush (May 22, 1886 – November 1, 1969) was an American silent film actress. She was nicknamed "The Madonna of the Movies".Born in Wahoo, Nebraska, Bush was "brought up for the operatic stage and concert platform, [but] she preferred the stage." She studied at the University of Nebraska after attending a private school in Virginia. At Nebraska, she studied "music generally, and the piano in particular."After she moved to Los Angeles, Bush studied expression and literature at the Cumnock Institution.
<U.S._Avellino_1912>	Unione Sportiva Avellino 1912, commonly known as US Avellino, is an Italian professional football club based in Avellino, Campania. It competes in Serie C, the third tier of Italian football.It is the official continuity club of US Avellino 1912, known worldwide for having competed in Serie A for ten consecutive seasons, from 1978-1979 to 1987-1988. The team went through two major reboots: once, in 2009, when it went bankrupt, and then, in 2018, when it was excluded from Serie B. In both cases, new clubs were founded to join the Serie D league.
<Franz_Gürtner>	Franz Gürtner (26 August 1881 – 29 January 1941) was a German Minister of Justice in the governments of Franz von Papen, Kurt von Schleicher and Adolf Hitler. Gürtner was responsible for coordinating jurisprudence in the Third Reich and provided official sanction and legal grounds for a series of repressive actions under the Nazi regime from 1933 until his death in 1941.Gürtner was the son of Franz Gürtner (locomotive engineer) and Marie Gürtner, née Weinzierl.After the graduating from the gymnasium in 1900 in Regensburg, he studied law at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich. After eight semesters he passed in 1904 his university examination. His preparation for Bavarian civil service was interrupted for the military service in the Königlich Bayerisches 11. Infanterie-Regiment "von der Tann". After passing his second Staatsexamen in 1908 he worked as syndic for a Munich brewery association. On 1 October 1909, he entered the higher civil service of the Bavarian ministry of justice.On 7 August 1914 Gürtner was drafted as a reserve officer for military service in First World War. He served with the 11th Infantry Regiment on the Western Front. He rose to deputy battalion commander and received the Iron Cross 1st and 2nd Class and the Military Merit Order (Bavaria) IV class with swords. From September 1917 he took part with the Bavarian Infantry Battalion 702 (with Asia Corps) in the campaign in Palestine region of the Ottoman Empire. Therefore, he received the House Order of Hohenzollern with swords and the Gallipoli Star. His appointment as battalion commander on 31 October 1918 was the day of the surrender of the Ottoman Empire. He led the battalion back to Constantinople (modern Istanbul, Turkey) and arrived on 17 March 1919 in Wilhelmshaven, where he was demobilized.
<Erdemir>	Ereğli Demir ve Çelik Fabrikaları T.A.Ş. is a Turkish steel producer.  The name is a contraction of the Turkish language Ereğli Demir ve Çelik Fabrikaları, which means "Ereğli Iron and Steel Factories". Erdemir occupies the 43rd place among the largest steel companies in the world and is also involved in coal in Turkey.Erdemir, which began production in 1965, has a production capacity of 8.5  million tons/year of crude steel (2020 value). It is the largest iron and steel company in Turkey[citation needed] and was the only flat steel producer till January 2009. It produces plates, hot and cold rolled sheet and tinplate.[citation needed]Its main plant is located on an area of approximately 4 km2 (1.5 sq mi) at Karadeniz Eregli, Zonguldak on the shore of the Black Sea. Erdemir operates a large seaport, the Port of Erdemir, to import and export materials.[citation needed]
<Kazutoshi_Mori>	Kazutoshi Mori (森 和俊, Mori Kazutoshi, born 1958) is a Japanese molecular biologist known for research on unfolded protein response. He is a professor of Biophysics at the Graduate School of Science, Kyoto University, and shared the 2014 Albert Lasker Basic Medical Research Award with Peter Walter for discoveries concerning the unfolded protein response — an intracellular quality control system that detects harmful misfolded proteins in the endoplasmic reticulum and signals the nucleus to carry out corrective measures.Mori was born in 1958 in Kurashiki, Okayama. In the elementary school era, he was good at mathematics and arithmetic, and learned from the newspaper about the existence of quarks. In the middle school era, he was influenced by the Nobel Prize in Physics of Hideki Yukawa, and he decided to study physics at the Faculty of Science at Kyoto University (at the time, the golden age of elementary particle physics). However, he was finally admitted to the Department of Synthetic Chemistry of the Faculty of Engineering at Kyoto University.When Mori was in the first year of college, he did not understand the significant difference between the laws of physics and chemistry, but he learned about the new development of molecular biology from newspaper articles. Soon after, Kyoto University alumnus Susumu Tonegawa made a breakthrough in immunology research (which earned Tonegawa the first Japanese Nobel Prize in medicine about a decade later), Mori read about it in the newspaper and was shocked, then he decided to transfer to the Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences and continue to pursue graduate studies. In 1985, he obtained a doctorate degree.
<Høvik_Station>	Høvik Station (Norwegian: Høvik stasjon) is a railway station of the Drammen Line situated at Høvik in Bærum, Norway. Located 10.72 kilometers (6.66 mi) from Oslo Central Station, it is served by line L1 of the Oslo Commuter Rail. It is located in a residential area and has four regular hourly services operated by the Norwegian State Railways. The station features two accessible side platforms and an underpass. There are five tracks, three of which are used for turnaround, parking and splitting of trains.The station, designed by Georg Andreas Bull, opened on 1 May 1874, two years after the line. It received major upgrade from 1917 to 1922, when an all-new station building and island platform were built, while the railway was doubled, electrified and gauge converted to standard gauge. This gave a thirty-minuted headway to Oslo and Sandvika. Høvik was staffed until 1995. It received a new upgrade in 2013 and 2014, when the buildings were demolished and new tracks installed.The Drammen Line past the site of Høvik Station opened as a narrow gauge railway on 7 October 1872. The railway station serving Høvik opened on 1 May 1874. It was the first railway station between Sandvika Station and Lysaker Station. The new means of transport allowed the Høvik area to develop as a suburban residential area allowing commuters to travel to the capital. The original station building was a standard design by Georg Andreas Bull used for most stations along the Drammen Line. In addition to a station building it featured a Narvesen kiosk. A spur to load cars with compost and garbage was installed in 1908. Bærum Municipality established a public library for Høvik in 1911. From their establishment to 1924 they were located next to the station building.
<Olfert_Dapper>	Olfert Dapper (January 1636 – 29 December 1689) was a Dutch physician and writer. He wrote books about world history and geography, although he never travelled outside the Netherlands.Olfert Dapper was born in early 1636 in the Jordaan in Amsterdam. On 6 January 1636, he was baptized in the Lutheran church in Amsterdam.In 1663 wrote a book on the history of Amsterdam. His Description of Africa (1668) is a key text for African studies. His book "is one of the most authoritative 17th century accounts on Africa published in Dutch. Translations appeared in English, French, and German. Dapper never traveled to Africa but used reports by Jesuit missionaries and other (Dutch) explorers. Within a few years he published about China, India, Persia, Georgia, and Arabia. His books became well known in his own time. The fine plates include views of Algiers, Benin, Cairo, Cape Town, Valletta, Marrakesh, St. Helena, Tangier, Tripoli, Tunis, as well as, animals and plants.
<Recreativo_de_Huelva>	Real Club Recreativo de Huelva, S.A.D. (Spanish pronunciation: [reˈal ˈkluβ rekɾeaˈtiβo ðe ˈwelβa]) is a Spanish football club based in Huelva, in the autonomous community of Andalusia. Founded on 23 December 1889, 2 days before Christmas, they are the oldest football club in Spain, and currently play in Segunda División RFEF, holding home games at Estadio Nuevo Colombino, which has a 21,670 capacity.Team colours are white shirts with blue vertical stripes and white shorts.
<Alligator_(film)>	Alligator is a 1980 American independent horror film directed by Lewis Teague and written by John Sayles. It stars Robert Forster, Robin Riker and Michael V. Gazzo. It also includes an appearance by actress Sue Lyon in her last screen role. Set in Chicago, the film follows a police officer and a reptile expert who track a giant murderous sewer man-eating alligator, flushed down the toilet years earlier, that is attacking residents after escaping from the sewers.The film received praise from critics for its intentional satirizing of genre clichés. A direct-to-video sequel was released in 1991, entitled Alligator II: The Mutation. Despite the title, Alligator II shared no characters or actors with the original. A tabletop game based on Alligator was distributed by the Ideal Toy Company in 1980.In 1968, a teenage girl purchases a baby American alligator while on vacation with her family at a tourist trap in Florida. After the family returns home to Chicago, the girl's surly, animal-phobic father promptly flushes the alligator, whom the girl had named Ramón, down the family's toilet and into the city's sewers.
<Nicholas_Dante>	Nicholas Dante (November 22, 1941 – May 21, 1991) was an American dancer and writer, best known for having co-written the book of the musical A Chorus Line. He was the first Latino to win a Pulitzer Prize for Drama.Born Conrado Morales in New York City to Puerto Rican parents, his early career was spent dancing in the chorus of Broadway musicals such as Applause and Ambassador.In 1974, he was approached by his friend Michael Bennett who invited him to the sessions which led to the basis of material for the book of a musical about Broadway "gypsies", the dancers who serve as a backdrop for the leading performers. Eventually, collaborating with James Kirkwood Jr., the result was A Chorus Line, which earned him the 1976 Tony Award and Drama Desk Award for Best Book of a Musical and the Pulitzer Prize for Drama. In particular, the story of Paul, the gay Puerto Rican dancer whose early career consisted of working in a drag show, was based primarily on Dante. The actor who originated the role with the famous monologue, Sammy Williams, won a Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Musical award in 1976 for the role. Dante played the role himself later on.
<Indro_Montanelli>	Indro Alessandro Raffaello Schizogene Montanelli OMRI (Italian pronunciation: [ˈindro montaˈnɛlli]; 22 April 1909 – 22 July 2001) was an Italian journalist, historian and writer. He was one of the fifty World Press Freedom Heroes according to the International Press Institute.A volunteer for the Second Italo-Ethiopian War and an admirer of Benito Mussolini's dictatorship, Montanelli had a change of heart in 1943, and joined the liberal resistance group Giustizia e Libertà but was discovered and arrested along with his wife by Nazi authorities in 1944. Sentenced to death, he was able to flee to Switzerland the day before his scheduled execution by firing squad thanks to a secret service double-agent.
<William_Owen_(architect)>	William Owen (27 August 1846 – 5 April 1910) was an English architect who practised in Warrington, which was at that time in Lancashire, England.  His works were confined to Northwest England.  Owen is best known for his collaboration with William Lever in the creation of the soap-making factory and associated model village at Port Sunlight in the Wirral Peninsula (then in Cheshire, now in Merseyside).  Here he designed the factory, many of the workers' houses, public buildings and the church.  Later Owen was joined by his son, Segar, as a partner.  On his own, or in partnership, Owen designed houses, churches, banks, public houses, an infirmary, a school, and a concert hall.William Owen was born in Latchford, Warrington.  He trained as an architect under John Lowe in Manchester, becoming his assistant, and later was assistant to James Radford.  He then travelled in Europe before establishing a practice in Warrington in 1869.  He was joined in partnership by his eldest son, Segar, in 1898.  The partnership also had an office in Manchester. Owen's work was confined to Northwest England.  His more notable designs include churches in Altrincham, Greater Manchester, and Warrington, buildings for Parr's Bank in Southport, Merseyside, and Wigan, Greater Manchester, and the Parr Hall, a concert hall in Warrington.  The partnership were architects to the Greenall Whitley Brewery Company, and built public houses for them in Warrington, and Stockton Heath, Cheshire.
<Claude_Rains>	William Claude Rains (10 November 1889 – 30 May 1967) was a British actor whose career spanned almost seven decades. After his American film debut as Dr. Jack Griffin in The Invisible Man (1933), he appeared in such highly regarded films as The Adventures of Robin Hood (1938), Mr. Smith Goes to Washington (1939), The Wolf Man (1941), Casablanca and Kings Row (both 1942), Notorious (1946), Lawrence of Arabia (1962), and The Greatest Story Ever Told (1965).He was a Tony Award-winning actor and was a four-time nominee for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. Rains was considered to be "one of the screen's great character stars" who was, according to the All-Movie Guide, "at his best when playing cultured villains". During his lengthy career, he was greatly admired by many of his acting colleagues, such as Bette Davis, Vincent Sherman, Ronald Neame, Albert Dekker, Peter O'Toole, John Gielgud, Charles Laughton and Richard Chamberlain.
<Neath>	Neath (/niːθ/; Welsh: Castell-nedd) is a market town and community situated in the Neath Port Talbot County Borough, Wales. The town had a population of 50,658 in 2011. The community of the parish of Neath had a population of 19,258 in 2011. Historically in Glamorgan, the town is located on the River Neath, seven miles (eleven kilometres) east-northeast of Swansea.The town's English name ultimately derives from "Nedd" the original Welsh name for the River Neath and is known to be Celtic or Pre-Celtic. A meaning of 'shining' or 'brilliant' has been suggested, as has a link to the older Indo-European root *-nedi (simply meaning 'river').
<William_Beaumont_Prize>	The William Beaumont Prize is a scientific award given by the American Gastroenterological Association (AGA) to scientists who have "made a major contribution (a single accomplishment or series of accomplishments) that has significantly advanced care of patients with digestive diseases through clinical or translational research". Recipients receive a $5,000 honorarium. The prize was initiated in 1976.
<Mario_Puzo>	Mario Francis Puzo (/ˈpuːzoʊ/; Italian: [ˈmaːrjo ˈputtso, -ddzo]; October 15, 1920 – July 2, 1999) was an American author, screenwriter, and journalist. He is known for his crime novels about the Italian-American Mafia and Sicilian Mafia, most notably The Godfather (1969), which he later co-adapted into a film trilogy directed by Francis Ford Coppola. He received the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay for the first film in 1972 and for Part II in 1974. Puzo also wrote the original screenplay for the 1978 Superman film and its 1980 sequel. His final novel, The Family, was released posthumously in 2001.Puzo was born in the Hell's Kitchen section of New York City to Italian immigrants from Pietradefusi, Province of Avellino, Campania. When Puzo was 12, his father, who worked as a trackman for the New York Central Railroad, was committed to the Pilgrim State Hospital insane asylum for schizophrenia, and his wife, Maria, was left to raise their seven children. He served in the US Army Air Forces in Germany in World War II, and later graduated from the City College of New York. Puzo married a German woman, Erika, with whom he had five children. When Erika died of breast cancer at the age of 58 in 1978, her nurse, Carol Gino, became Puzo's companion.
<Four_Altos>	Four Altos is an album by saxophonists Phil Woods Gene Quill, Sahib Shihab and Hal Stein recorded in 1957 and released on the Prestige label.In his review for Allmusic, Scott Yanow stated "generally hard-swinging and well-played, but the strong influence of Charlie Parker makes all of the altoists sound alike".All compositions by Mal Waldron except as indicated
<Katy_Armstrong>	Katy Armstrong is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera Coronation Street, played by Georgia May Foote. She made her first appearance during the episode broadcast on 30 July 2010. Foote had previously appeared in the soap in January that same year as Jess Burrows. Katy is Owen Armstrong's (Ian Puleston-Davies) youngest daughter and Izzy Armstrong's (Cherylee Houston) sister. Her storylines have mostly revolved around her relationship with Chesney Brown (Sam Aston), her pregnancy and being a mother to Joseph and embarking on an affair with Ryan Connor (Sol Heras). Foote's departure from the show was announced in April 2014, with her filming her final scenes on 16 February 2015 and the character departing on 20 March 2015. Katy was killed off-screen in a car accident in Portugal on 18 October 2017.Katy attends Chesney Brown's (Sam Aston) birthday party with her sister, Izzy (Cherylee Houston); she and Chesney get drunk and ride Izzy's wheelchair around the street but are caught by Katy's father, Owen (Ian Puleston-Davies). Chesney invites Katy to Roy (David Neilson) and Hayley Cropper's (Julie Hesmondhalgh) wedding reception and they soon become close. She opens up to him about her mother, who could not deal with Izzy's disability and walked out on the family. Owen takes an aversion to Katy's growing bond with Chesney, and Katy uses Izzy to cover for her when she and Chesney sleep together. When Owen finds out what has happened, he and Katy argue, and she decides to leave home. The couple soon realise that they cannot afford their own flat, but Katy moves in with Chesney at 5 Coronation Street. A few months later, Chesney and Katy rent a flat on Victoria Street.
<J._J._Thomson>	Sir Joseph John Thomson OM PRS (18 December 1856 – 30 August 1940) was a British physicist and Nobel Laureate in Physics, credited with the discovery of the electron, the first subatomic particle to be discovered.In 1897, Thomson showed that cathode rays were composed of previously unknown negatively charged particles (now called electrons), which he calculated must have bodies much smaller than atoms and a very large charge-to-mass ratio. Thomson is also credited with finding the first evidence for isotopes of a stable (non-radioactive) element in 1913, as part of his exploration into the composition of canal rays (positive ions). His experiments to determine the nature of positively charged particles, with Francis William Aston, were the first use of mass spectrometry and led to the development of the mass spectrograph.
<Deb_Lacusta>	Deborah Lacusta (born March 15, 1958) is an American television writer and actress.Lacusta is married to The Simpsons star Dan Castellaneta (who voices Homer Simpson among many other characters). They met at an improvisational comedy class in Chicago.Lacusta and Castellaneta performed together regularly and had a sketch show on Chicago local radio. In 1992 they starred in the show Deb & Dan's Show at Club Lux at Santa Monica Airport. Some of their comedy pieces were released on the 2002 CD I Am Not Homer.
<Google_Fiber>	Google Fiber is part of the Access division of Alphabet Inc. It provides fiber-to-the-premises service in the United States, providing broadband Internet and IPTV to a small and slowly increasing number of locations. In mid-2016, Google Fiber had 68,715 television subscribers and was estimated to have about 453,000 broadband customers.The service was first introduced to the Kansas City metropolitan area, including twenty Kansas City area suburbs within the first three years. Initially proposed as an experimental project, Google Fiber was announced as a viable business model in December 2012, when Google executive chairman Eric Schmidt stated "It's actually not an experiment, we're actually running it as a business", at The New York Times' DealBook Conference.
<Beth_Howland>	Elizabeth Howland (May 28, 1939 – December 31, 2015) was an American actress. She worked on stage and television, and was best known for playing Vera Gorman in the sitcom Alice.Howland originated the role of Amy in the original Broadway cast of Stephen Sondheim's Company, where she introduced the patter song "Getting Married Today".Howland was born on May 28, 1939, in Brighton, Massachusetts. At the age of 16, she left home and followed a dancer friend to New York City. After a time of struggling, Howland made her Broadway debut in 1959 as Lady Beth in the musical Once Upon a Mattress, which transferred from off-Broadway. She went on to have roles in the musicals Bye Bye Birdie, High Spirits, Drat! The Cat! and Darling of the Day.
<Northern_Ireland_national_football_team>	The Northern Ireland national football team represents Northern Ireland in international association football. From 1882 to 1920, all of Ireland was represented by a single side, the Ireland national football team, organised by the Irish Football Association (IFA). In 1921, the jurisdiction of the IFA was reduced to Northern Ireland following the secession of clubs in the soon-to-be Irish Free State, although its team remained the national team for all of Ireland until 1950, and used the name Ireland until the 1970s. The Football Association of Ireland (FAI) organises the separate Republic of Ireland national football team.Although part of the United Kingdom, Northern Ireland has always had a representative side that plays in major professional tournaments – whether alongside the rest of Ireland pre-1922 or as its own entity – though not in the Olympic Games, as the International Olympic Committee (IOC) has always recognised United Kingdom representative sides.
<Peter_Hedges>	Peter Simpson Hedges (born July 6, 1962) is an American novelist, playwright, screenwriter, film director and film producer.Hedges was born in West Des Moines, Iowa, where he was raised, the son of Carole (Simpson), a psychotherapist, and the Rev. Robert Boyden Hedges, an Episcopal priest. His mother left when he was young so he was raised by his single father. He attended Valley High School, where he was involved in the theater department, including the improvisational group and the mime troupe, The Bakers Dozen. He later went to the North Carolina School of the Arts where he studied drama.Hedges' novel What's Eating Gilbert Grape was adapted into a critically acclaimed movie of the same title, for which he wrote the screenplay, launching his film career.
<Enrico_Fermi>	Enrico Fermi (Italian: [enˈriːko ˈfermi]; 29 September 1901 – 28 November 1954) was an Italian (later naturalized American) physicist and the creator of the world's first nuclear reactor, the Chicago Pile-1. He has been called the "architect of the nuclear age" and the "architect of the atomic bomb". He was one of very few physicists to excel in both theoretical physics and experimental physics. Fermi was awarded the 1938 Nobel Prize in Physics for his work on induced radioactivity by neutron bombardment and for the discovery of transuranium elements. With his colleagues, Fermi filed several patents related to the use of nuclear power, all of which were taken over by the US government. He made significant contributions to the development of statistical mechanics, quantum theory, and nuclear and particle physics.Fermi's first major contribution involved the field of statistical mechanics. After Wolfgang Pauli formulated his exclusion principle in 1925, Fermi followed with a paper in which he applied the principle to an ideal gas, employing a statistical formulation now known as Fermi–Dirac statistics. Today, particles that obey the exclusion principle are called "fermions". Pauli later postulated the existence of an uncharged invisible particle emitted along with an electron during beta decay, to satisfy the law of conservation of energy. Fermi took up this idea, developing a model that incorporated the postulated particle, which he named the "neutrino". His theory, later referred to as Fermi's interaction and now called weak interaction, described one of the four fundamental interactions in nature. Through experiments inducing radioactivity with the recently discovered neutron, Fermi discovered that slow neutrons were more easily captured by atomic nuclei than fast ones, and he developed the Fermi age equation to describe this. After bombarding thorium and uranium with slow neutrons, he concluded that he had created new elements. Although he was awarded the Nobel Prize for this discovery, the new elements were later revealed to be nuclear fission products.
<NOVA_Cyprus>	Nova Telecommunications S.M.S.A. is a telecommunications company in Greece which provides broadband, television and fixed telephony. It also offers satellite services in Cyprus. It is traded on the Athens Exchange until its delisting in 2021.In June 2016 the services for clients and SMEs were rebranded under the Nova brand. The company gave up Forthnet brand completely in June 2020.On 29 May 2020 BC Partners' United Group agreed to purchase a majority stake in Nova from a consortium of 4 Greek banks. As of 29 April 2021 is the sole shareholder.
<Christina_Kirk>	Christina Kirk (born November 10, 1970) in New York, New York, is an American actress.Kirk appeared in Woody Allen's Melinda and Melinda and Ira Sachs' Love Is Strange. She also was in Clybourne Park, a play by Bruce Norris. She was also a series regular on A to Z, and most recently played Jackie in the DC Comics TV series Powerless.
<Shut_Up!_Cartoons>	Shut Up! Cartoons was an adult animation channel project created by the Smosh duo (Anthony Padilla, Ian Hecox) and Barry Blumberg that features various animated videos.  Shut Up! Cartoons launched on April 30, 2012 with Do's and Don'ts and ended with the termination of the series Smosh Babies on June 23, 2017.The initial teaser trailer featured clips from 11 different shows, with Padilla and Hecox later informing their viewers that there were 18 planned shows in total. The first three cartoons launched by the network included Do's and Don'ts: A Children's Guide to Social Survival, Zombies vs. Ninjas, and Pubertina, a show about an 11-year-old girl going through puberty. In May 2012, Smosh launched Krogzilla, a show created by and starring Cory Edwards and featuring John O'Hurley. Snowjacked soon followed, broadcasting on Tuesdays, meeting mixed reception. At the end of the first three cartoons' 10 episode run, they were replaced by Nature Break, Weasel Town, and  Oishi High School Battle. Oishi High School Battle spawned a second season. Another show was added replacing Krogzilla called Samurai! Daycare. In September 2012, they also launched Politicats to replace Snowjacked. The show that replaced Nature Break is Planets, a reality show about the ten celestial bodies of the Solar System (the eight planets, Pluto, and the Sun).Weasel Town's replacement, entitled Really Freaking Embarrassing, created by Peter Hannan (Nickelodeon's CatDog) had its first trailer removed from the website, stated as "shocking and disturbing content".[citation needed]
<Pamela_Cundell>	Pamela Isabel Cundell (15 January 1920 – 14 February 2015) was an English character actress. She played Mrs Fox in the long-running TV comedy Dad's Army.She was a descendant of Henry Condell, one of the managers of the Lord Chamberlain's Men, the playing company of William Shakespeare. Henry Condell also helped put together the first folio of Shakespeare's works after his death.
<Commonwealth_(statue)>	Commonwealth is a 14-foot-6-inch (4.42 m) gilded statue atop the dome of the Pennsylvania State Capitol in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. It is nicknamed Miss Penn and the Spirit of the Commonwealth. It is also sometimes called Letitia, after the daughter of William Penn, the assumed inspiration for the statue.Commonwealth is the "symbolic embodiment" of a commonwealth. It stands on a 4 feet (1.2 m) diameter globe and holds a staff, to symbolize justice, in its left hand. The staff is topped with a garland and an eagle with outstretched wings. Its right arm is eternally extended in benediction and blessing of the state.Commonwealth was sculpted by Roland Hinton Perry and was installed on the dome on May 25, 1905. The statue was removed for restoration by helicopter in the summer of 1998. The statue was placed back onto the dome by Skycrane in September of the same year, after restoration.
<Croonian_Lecture>	The Croonian Medal and Lecture is a prestigious award, a medal, and lecture given at the invitation of the Royal Society and the Royal College of Physicians.Among the papers of William Croone at his death in 1684, was a plan to endow a single lectureship at both the Royal Society and the Royal College of Physicians. His wife provided the bequest in 1701 specifying that it was "for the support of a lecture and illustrative experiment for the advancement of natural knowledge on locomotion, or (conditionally) of such other subjects as, in the opinion of the President for the time being, should be most useful in promoting the objects for which the Royal Society was instituted". One lecture was to be delivered by a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians and the other, on the nature and laws of muscular motion, to be delivered before the Royal Society. The Royal Society lecture series began in 1738 and that of the Royal College of Physicians in 1749.
<Beyoncé>	Beyoncé Giselle Knowles-Carter (/biˈɒnseɪ/ (listen) bee-ON-say; born September 4, 1981) is an American singer, songwriter, and actress. Beyoncé's boundary-pushing artistry and vocals have made her the most influential female musician of the 21st century, according to NPR. Her success has led to her becoming a cultural icon and earning her the nickname "Queen Bey".Beyoncé performed in various singing and dancing competitions as a child. She rose to fame in the late 1990s as a member of the R&B girl group Destiny's Child, one of the best-selling girl groups of all time. Their hiatus saw the release of her debut album Dangerously in Love (2003), which featured the US Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles "Crazy in Love" and "Baby Boy". Following the 2006 disbanding of Destiny's Child, Beyoncé released her second solo album, B'Day, which contained singles "Irreplaceable" and "Beautiful Liar". Beyoncé also starred in multiple films such as The Pink Panther (2006), Dreamgirls (2006), Obsessed (2009), and The Lion King (2019). Her marriage to Jay-Z and her portrayal of Etta James in Cadillac Records (2008) influenced her third album, I Am... Sasha Fierce (2008), which earned a record-setting six Grammy Awards in 2010. It spawned the successful singles "If I Were a Boy", "Single Ladies", and "Halo". After professionally splitting from her manager and father Mathew Knowles in 2010, she released her musically diverse fourth album 4 in 2011. 
<Sora_Ltd.>	Masahiro Sakurai (桜井 政博, Sakurai Masahiro, born August 3, 1970) is a Japanese video game director and game designer best known as the creator of the Kirby and Super Smash Bros. series. Apart from his work on those series, he also led the design of Meteos in 2005 and directed Kid Icarus: Uprising in 2012.Formerly an employee of HAL Laboratory, he left the company in 2003 and in 2005 with his wife Michiko Sakurai (also ex-HAL Laboratory), they founded Sora Ltd., a shell company that works on a freelance basis on several projects. He was also an author of a weekly column for Famitsu magazine for decades until the 2020s, and has done voice acting work in some of his games, most notably providing the voice of King Dedede in Kirby 64: The Crystal Shards and the Super Smash Bros. series.
<Kim_Kardashian>	Kimberly Noel Kardashian (formerly West; born October 21, 1980) is an American socialite, media personality, and businesswoman. She first gained media attention as a friend and stylist of Paris Hilton, but received wider notice after the sex tape Kim Kardashian, Superstar, shot in 2003 with her then-boyfriend Ray J, was released in 2007. Later that year, she and her family began to appear in the E! reality television series Keeping Up with the Kardashians (2007–2021). Its success led to the formation of the spin-off series Kourtney and Kim Take New York (2011–2012), Kourtney and Kim Take Miami (2009–2013), and Hulu's The Kardashians (2022).Kardashian has developed a significant presence online and across numerous social media platforms, including hundreds of millions of followers on Twitter and Instagram. With sisters Kourtney and Khloé, she launched the fashion boutique chain Dash, which operated from 2006 to 2018. Kardashian founded KKW Beauty and KKW Fragrance in 2017, and the shaping underwear or foundation garment company Skims in 2019. She has released a variety of products tied to her name, including the 2014 mobile game Kim Kardashian: Hollywood and the 2015 photo book Selfish. As an actress, she has appeared in the films Disaster Movie (2008), Deep in the Valley (2009), and Temptation: Confessions of a Marriage Counselor (2013), and provided her voice for PAW Patrol: The Movie (2021).
<Simon_Donaldson>	Sir Simon Kirwan Donaldson FRS (born 20 August 1957) is an English mathematician known for his work on the topology of smooth (differentiable) four-dimensional manifolds, Donaldson–Thomas theory, and his contributions to Kähler geometry. He is currently a permanent member of the Simons Center for Geometry and Physics at Stony Brook University in New York, and a Professor in Pure Mathematics at Imperial College London.Donaldson's father was an electrical engineer in the physiology department at the University of Cambridge, and his mother earned a science degree there. Donaldson gained a BA degree in mathematics from Pembroke College, Cambridge, in 1979, and in 1980 began postgraduate work at Worcester College, Oxford, at first under Nigel Hitchin and later under Michael Atiyah's supervision. Still a postgraduate student, Donaldson proved in 1982 a result that would establish his fame. He published the result in a paper "Self-dual connections and the topology of smooth 4-manifolds" which appeared in 1983. In the words of Atiyah, the paper "stunned the mathematical world."
<Makoto_Hasebe>	Makoto Hasebe (長谷部 誠, Hasebe Makoto, born 18 January 1984) is a Japanese professional footballer who plays as a centre-back and defensive midfielder for Bundesliga club Eintracht Frankfurt. He played for the Japan national team, for which he served as captain.After graduating from Fujieda Higashi High School in 2002, he joined Urawa Reds. He became a regular of their first team in the 2003 season. He played mainly as defensive midfielder with Keita Suzuki. In 2004, he was honoured with the J.League Cup New Hero Award and selected as a member of J.League team of the year. He was also the Urawa Fans' Player of the Year that season. The Reds won the championship in the 2006 J1 League for the first time in the club history and the first Asian title of the 2007 AFC Champions League.
<Louis_Plack_Hammett>	Louis Plack Hammett (April 7, 1894 – February 9, 1987) was an American physical chemist. He is known for the Hammett equation, which relates reaction rates to equilibrium constants for certain classes of organic reactions involving substituted aromatic compounds. He is also known for his research into superacids and his development of a scheme for comparing their acidities based on what is now known as the Hammett acidity function. The Curtin–Hammett principle bears his name.The awards he obtained included the Priestley Medal in 1961,the Willard Gibbs Award in 1961, the National Medal of Science in 1967, and in 1975 the Barnard Medal for Meritorious Service to Science.Hammett grew up in Portland, Maine, and studied in Harvard and Switzerland. He earned his Ph.D. at Columbia University. He authored an influential textbook on physical organic chemistry, and is credited with coining the term.
<Viacom_Media_Networks>	Paramount Media Networks (formerly known as Warner Cable Communications, Warner-Amex Satellite Entertainment, MTV Networks, Viacom Media Networks, and ViacomCBS Domestic Media Networks) is an American mass media division of Paramount Global that oversees the operations of many of its television channels and online brands. Its related international division is Paramount International Networks.Warner Cable Communications was founded on December 1, 1977 by Warner Cable, itself a division of Warner Communications, to launch QUBE, an interactive cable television network. Seeing the potential in the creation of new cable networks, Warner Cable divested QUBE's biggest brands, Star Channel, Pinwheel and Sight on Sound, into nationwide outlets. Star Channel began by satellite in January 1979 and was renamed The Movie Channel by the end of the year. The original Channel C-3, by then known as Pinwheel, became Nickelodeon in April 1979. As a result of these actions, Warner Cable Communications would then be rebranded as Warner-Amex Satellite Entertainment, becoming a joint venture between Warner Cable and American Express.
<CF_Extremadura>	Club de Fútbol Extremadura was a Spanish football team based in Almendralejo, in the autonomous community of Extremadura. Founded in 1924, it played two seasons in La Liga, and held home games at Estadio Francisco de la Hera, with a capacity of 11,580 seats. The club folded in 2010 following several years of financial problems.Extremadura was founded in 1924, and spent the first 30 years of its existence in the regional leagues, promoting to the second division after winning the regional championship in the third.
<Helen_Adam>	Helen Adam (December 2, 1909 in Glasgow, Scotland – September 19, 1993 in New York City) was a Scottish poet, collagist and photographer who was part of a literary movement contemporaneous to the Beat Generation that occurred in San Francisco during the 1950s and 1960s. Though often associated with the Beat poets, she would more accurately be considered one of the predecessors of the Beat Generation.Adam was a precocious poet; her first book, The Elfin Pedlar, was published in 1923, when the poet was 14 years old. That book was in the Victorian genre of light verse about fairies and other pastoral subjects. Her early books were well known and widely reviewed; the composer Sir Charles Villiers Stanford set selections from The Elfin Pedlar to orchestral music, and performed them widely.Adam attended the University of Edinburgh for two years. After leaving the university she worked as a journalist in London. In 1939 she moved to the United States and eventually moved to San Francisco. In San Francisco she worked with such influential poets as Allen Ginsberg and Robert Duncan. Adam also developed her first theater piece, 'San Francisco's Burning', a play with music, as well as unique visual designs & curtain by the San Francisco artist Gary Swartzburg, who worked with her on various theater projects prior to her moving to New York. One of the oldest of the poets in the San Francisco Renaissance, she worked closely with Duncan, Jess, Madeline Gleason, and Jack Spicer, among others. She also encouraged many of the Beat poets as they began to explore performance and writing as an art form. While her continued use of the ballad form "mystified" many of the poets more associated with the movement, the "magic and knowledge she brought to San Francisco startled the young wild sages of its Renaissance with a special kind of madness."
<The_Remains_of_the_Day>	The Remains of the Day is a 1989 novel by the Nobel Prize-winning British author Kazuo Ishiguro. The protagonist, Stevens, is a butler with a long record of service at Darlington Hall, a stately home near Oxford, England. In 1956, he takes a road trip to visit a former colleague, and reminisces about events at Darlington Hall in the 1920s and 1930s.The work received the Booker Prize for Fiction in 1989. A film adaptation of the novel, made in 1993 and starring Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson, was nominated for eight Academy Awards. In 2022, it was included on the "Big Jubilee Read" list of 70 books by Commonwealth authors, selected to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee of Elizabeth II.
<The_Tin_Drum>	The Tin Drum (German: Die Blechtrommel, pronounced [diː ˈblɛçˌtʁɔml̩] (listen)) is a 1959 novel by Günter Grass. The novel is the first book of Grass's Danziger Trilogie (Danzig Trilogy). It was adapted into a 1979 film, which won both the 1979 Palme d'Or and the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film in 1980.To "beat a tin drum" when used as an idiom means to create a disturbance in order to bring attention to a cause. This is based on an interpretation of the book where Oskar's beating of his titular tin drum "symbolizes his protest against the middle-class mentality of his family and neighborhood".
<People's_Action_Party>	The People's Action Party (abbreviation: PAP) is a major conservative centre-right political party in Singapore and is one of the three contemporary political parties represented in Parliament, alongside the opposition Workers' Party (WP) and Progress Singapore Party (PSP).Initially founded as a traditional centre-left party in 1954, the leftist faction was soon expelled from the party in 1961 by Lee Kuan Yew in the midst of Singapore's merger with Malaysia, desiring to move the party's ideology towards the centre after its first electoral victory in 1959. Beginning in the 1960s, the party henceforth began to move towards the centre-right. Following the 1965 agreement which led to Singapore's expulsion from the Malaysian federation, almost the entire opposition except for the WP boycotted the following elections in 1968 in response to their initial incredulity towards independence, thereafter allowing the PAP the opportunity to exercise exclusivity over its governance of national institutions and become the largest political party in the country.
<Paul_Hartley>	Paul Hartley (born 19 October 1976) is a Scottish professional football manager and former player who played as a midfielder. He was most recently the manager of League Two side Hartlepool United.As a player, Hartley won trophies with both Hearts and Celtic, and earned 25 caps for the Scotland national team. He also played for Hamilton Academical, Millwall, Raith Rovers, Hibernian, Greenock Morton, St Johnstone, Bristol City and Aberdeen during his career.
<Two_Bad_Neighbors>	"Two Bad Neighbors" is the thirteenth episode of the seventh season of the American animated television series The Simpsons. It was written by Ken Keeler, directed by Wes Archer and inspired by the animosity toward the series' earlier run from the Bushes. In the episode, George H. W. Bush, the 41st President of the United States (voiced by Harry Shearer), moves across the street from the Simpsons. Homer seeks revenge after the former President spanks Bart for his bad behavior. It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 14, 1996. Since airing, the episode has received positive reviews from television critics, and Vanity Fair named it the fifth best episode of the show. It acquired a Nielsen rating of 9.9, and was the second highest-rated show on the Fox network the week it aired.George H. W. Bush and his wife Barbara move into the empty house across the street from the Simpsons and take a liking to Ned Flanders. Although Barbara takes a liking to Bart, Bart's pranks and irreverent spirit annoy George, who spanks the boy after he accidentally shreds his memoirs and trashes the house with his outboard motor and finally becoming fed up with Bart bothering him. Despite Barbara's suggestion that he apologize, George refuses after Homer confronts him for spanking Bart.
<Edgeworth_David>	Sir Tannatt William Edgeworth David KBE CMG DSO FRS (28 January 1858 – 28 August 1934) was a Welsh Australian geologist and Antarctic explorer. A household name in his lifetime, David's most significant achievements were discovering the major Hunter Valley coalfield in New South Wales and leading the first expedition to reach the South Magnetic Pole. He also served with distinction in World War I.David was born on 28 January 1858, in St. Fagans near Cardiff, Wales, the eldest son of the Rev. William David, a fellow of Jesus College, Oxford, a classical scholar and naturalist and his wife Margaret Harriette (née Thomson). His mother's cousin, William A. E. Ussher of the Geological Survey, first interested David in what was to be his life work.
<House_of_Lubomirski>	The House of Lubomirski is a Polish princely family. The Lubomirski family's coat of arms is the Drużyna coat of arms, which is similar to the Szreniawa coat of arms but without a cross.The Lubomirski family have been actors in the history of Poland since the 10th century. There are two theories regarding the family's origin. One, by Adam Boniecki, a Polish heraldist, assumes that there were two branches of the family. One settled at the Szreniawa River in Proszowice County while the other established itself in Szczyrzyc County. The time of this division of the family is not known, but most likely it was before the adoption of Christianity by Poland. The Szreniawici family used a similar coat of arms, which means that the two families had the same ancestry. At the time of Mieszko I, the members of the Lubomirski family demonstrated bravery in battle against pagans. For this they were awarded the rank of knight and a coat of arms, which depicts bends of the Szreniawa River in the form of a letter S of white colour on a red background, instead of the Szreniawici cross, with the motto Patriam Versus (Turned to the Homeland). This coat of arms has been used by the representatives of the family to the present time.The author of the second theory of the family's origins is the medievalist Władysław Semkowicz. In his article "The fellowship and Śreniawa. Heraldic study" („Drużyna i Śreniawa. Studyum heraldyczne”) he writes that the family used to live on the banks of the Szreniawa River in Szczyrzycki poviat (county), in the area surrounded by the Raba and Stradomka rivers, the Trzciański brook, and the Łososina and Krzyworzeka streams. Semkowicz says that the original territory of the Drużynnici family (ancestors of the Lubomirski, Wieruski, Rupniewski, and Lasocki families) was located there. Semkowicz says that the coat of arms does not show bends of a river, but a curved rod – a sign of episcopal or secular power, signifying that for many centuries before the adoption of the name, the family had exercised significant power. This theory assumes, in its later part, that, in the 15th century, the Polish chronicler Jan Długosz incorrectly ascribed the origin of the coat of arms of the fellowship (Szreniawa without a cross), and other heraldists accepted this view.
<Brazilian_Labour_Party_(current)>	The Brazilian Labour Party (Portuguese: Partido Trabalhista Brasileiro, PTB) is a political party in Brazil founded in 1981 by Ivete Vargas, niece of President Getúlio Vargas. It claims the legacy of the historical PTB, although many historians reject this because the early version of PTB was a center-left party with wide support in the working class. It is the seventh largest political party in Brazil with more than a million affiliated as of 2022.Despite the name suggesting a left-leaning unionist labour party, the PTB was mostly a centrist party for most of its history, considered part of the Centrão, a bloc of parties without consistent ideological orientation which supports different sides of the political spectrum in order to gain political previleges. As such, they supported the presidency of Fernando Collor de Mello, Itamar Franco, Fernando Henrique Cardoso — all considered center-right — Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva and the first term of Dilma Rousseff — who were leftist presidents. Since the conservative wave in the 2010s, the party has shown strong support for the government of Jair Bolsonaro, presenting policies from a more right-wing angle, in addition to affiliating federal deputy Daniel Silveira, known for making references to AI-5.The original PTB was a center-left labourist party with strong support from trade unions founded in 1945 by former Brazilian president Getúlio Vargas, who formerly presided the country from 1930 to 1945. After Vargas suicide in 1954, PTB's main figures became Leonel Brizola and João Goulart, who was elected vice-president in 1960 — becoming president after the resignation of Jânio Quadros — until his deposition after the 1964 coup d'état. After that PTB, along with every other Brazilian party, was banned.
<The_Secret_Agent>	The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale is a novel by Joseph Conrad, first published in 1907. The story is set in London in 1886 and deals with Mr. Adolf Verloc and his work as a spy for an unnamed country (presumably Russia). The Secret Agent is one of Conrad's later political novels in which he moved away from his former tales of seafaring. The novel is dedicated to H. G. Wells and deals broadly with anarchism, espionage, and terrorism. It also deals with exploitation of the vulnerable in Verloc's relationship with his brother-in-law Stevie, who has an intellectual disability. Conrad’s gloomy portrait of London depicted in the novel was influenced by Charles Dickens’ Bleak House.The novel was modified as a stage play by Conrad himself and has since been adapted for film, TV, radio and opera.
<Corstorphine_Old_Parish_Church>	Corstorphine Old Parish Church, formerly St. John's Collegiate Church, is at the old centre of Corstorphine, a village incorporated to the west area of Edinburgh. Built in the 15th century, in the churchyard of a 12th-century or earlier chapel, the former collegiate church was listed category A by Historic Scotland on December 14, 1970.King David I granted the chapel at Corstophine to Holyrood Abbey in 1128. Before that, it was a satellite chapel of St Cuthbert's Church. By 1158, it had become a church, with altars to Saint Anne and the Holy Trinity.
<George_Wallace>	George Corley Wallace Jr. (August 25, 1919 – September 13, 1998) was an American politician who served as the 45th governor of Alabama for four terms. A member of the Democratic Party, he is best remembered for his staunch segregationist and populist views. During his tenure, he promoted "industrial development, low taxes, and trade schools."  Wallace sought the United States presidency as a Democrat three times, and once as an American Independent Party candidate, unsuccessfully each time. Wallace opposed desegregation and supported the policies of "Jim Crow" during the Civil Rights Movement, declaring in his 1963 inaugural address that he stood for "segregation now, segregation tomorrow, segregation forever".Born in Clio, Alabama, Wallace attended the University of Alabama School of Law, and served in United States Army Air Corps during World War II. After the war, he won election to the Alabama House of Representatives, and served as a state judge. Wallace first sought the Democratic nomination in the 1958 Alabama gubernatorial election. Initially a moderate on racial issues, Wallace adopted a hard-line segregationist stance after losing the 1958 nomination. Wallace ran for governor again in 1962, and won the race. Seeking to stop the racial integration of the University of Alabama, Wallace earned national notoriety by standing in front of the entrance of the University of Alabama, blocking the path of black students. Wallace left office when his first term expired in 1967 due to term limits, but his wife, Lurleen Wallace, won the next election and succeeded him, with him as the de facto governor. Lurleen died of cancer in May 1968, ending Wallace's period of influence; her doctor had informed him of the cancer’s diagnosis in 1961, but Wallace did not tell his wife.
<Belarus_national_football_team>	The Belarus national football team (Belarusian: Зборная Беларусі па футболе, romanized: Zbornaja Biełarusi pa futbole; Russian: Сборная Беларуси по футболу, romanized: Sbornaya Belarusi po futbolu) represents Belarus in international football and is controlled by the Football Federation of Belarus, the governing body for football in Belarus. Belarus' home ground is Dinamo Stadium in Minsk. Since independence in 1991, Belarus has not yet qualified for a FIFA World Cup or UEFA European Championship.After the split of the Soviet Union, Belarus played their first match against Lithuania on 20 July 1992. Before that, a number of Belarusian players played for the Soviet Union national team. The first FIFA-recognized international was a friendly against Ukraine on 28 October 1992, and their first win came in a match against Luxembourg on 12 October 1994.
<The_Big_Comfy_Couch>	The Big Comfy Couch (Le Monde de Loonette [English: The World of Loonette or Loonette's World] when broadcast in Quebec, France and Belgium and El sofa da la imaginación [English: The Couch of Imagination] when broadcast in Latin America and Spain) is a Canadian children's television series, which is about a clown named Loonette and her doll Molly who solve everyday problems on their eponymous couch. It aired from March 2, 1992, until December 29, 2006. It was produced by Cheryl Wagner and Robert Mills, directed by Wayne Moss, Robert Mills and Steve Wright. It premiered on March 2, 1992, in Canada and on January 9, 1995, in the United States on PBS stations across the country. The program was also broadcast on Treehouse TV from 1997 to 2011.Each episode contains numerous standard elements that take place throughout the episode. In each show, Loonette performs an exercise routine she calls the Clock Rug Stretch. Other oft-repeated elements include reading a story to Molly, who sometimes either chooses a story to hear, gives Loonette a book and oversized glasses, or turning on the lights for Loonette; encounters with the dust bunnies who live under the couch; visits to different places in Clowntown, songs that emphasize the episode's lessons or themes, and a trip to Granny Garbanzo's garden. Here she encounters Snicklefritz, Granny's cat; Major Bedhead, the local mail-delivery clown, who travels on a unicycle; and Granny herself. The conversation with Granny is often used as the episode's teachable moment, where Granny offers Loonette advice or lessons,[citation needed] often with the help of Major Bedhead, who delivers gifts and messages from Auntie Macassar or Uncle Chester. Towards the end of each show, Loonette finds her belongings cluttered on the floor and says, "Who made this big mess?", the camera would then zoom in on either Loonette or Molly in which she asks it was either her or Molly then the camera would quickly pan up and down as a way of saying yes, then Loonette explains it's only fair for them to clean it up, and she performs a fastest clean-up routine called the Ten Second Tidy. All episodes end with Loonette and Molly having a nap and sometimes reminding the viewers to remember the moral of today's episode. After Loonette and Molly go to sleep, a large crescent moon with a clown nose rises above the starry background behind the couch and the credits then roll over a lullaby version of the theme song, ending with Loonette doing a short role-play of "Hey Diddle Diddle" by saying "And the clown jumped over the moon!" In one episode, Loonette says, "Ah, ah, AH-CHOO!" And in another episode, Loonette says, "And the clown—hiccup!—over the moon!"
<St._Stanislaus_Kostka_Church_(Pittsburgh)>	St. Stanislaus Kostka Church in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, referred to in Polish as Kościół Świętego Stanisława Kostki is a historic church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh. Located in the Strip District in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States, it is a prime example of the so-called 'Polish Cathedral' style of churches.  It is known also as 21st and Smallman Street Church.  It is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.The congregation was formed in 1873 when 200 Polish families banded together to form the St. Stanislaus Kostka Beneficial Society. The first pastor was Antoni Klawiter, who arrived in October 1875 and left in 1877. The availability of unskilled mill jobs in Pittsburgh in the late 19th century attracted a flood of immigrants from Eastern Europe. By 1915, more than 80% of Strip District residents were foreign-born, and 30% were Polish. St. Stanislaus Kostka Church was constructed in 1891, designed by Pittsburgh architect Frederick C. Sauer (1860–1942).In March 1936 there was a disastrous flood on Saint Patrick's Day. Water flooded the church as high as the top of the wainscoting on the walls. The pews were afloat and the Pastor was trapped in the rectory on the second floor. In December 1936, an explosion at the Pittsburgh Banana Company weakened the towers and the original baroque style bonnets were removed. Examples of the bonnet style are still found on the top of the sidewall pilasters and the ventilation cupola on the center of the roof. Three of the medallion windows over the altars were also covered over.
<BMW_7_Series_(E65)>	The fourth generation of the BMW 7 Series consists of the BMW E65 and BMW E66 luxury cars. The E65/E66 was produced from 2001 to 2008 and is often collectively referred to as the E65. The E65 replaced the E38 7 Series and was produced with petrol and turbo-diesel straight-six and V8 engines, along with a petrol V12 flagship model.The E65 was the first BMW vehicle to include the iDrive infotainment system and the controversial exterior styling (overseen by Chris Bangle) marked a significant departure from traditional BMW styling. Other new features included active anti-roll bars, a six-speed automatic transmission, an electronic Smart Key (dispensing with the traditional metallic key), and night vision. The 760i model also utilised the world's first production V12 engine to use direct injection.
<John_Quick_(politician)>	Sir John Quick (22 April 1852 – 17 June 1932) was an Australian lawyer, politician and judge. He played a prominent role in the movement for Federation and the drafting of the Australian constitution, later writing several works on Australian constitutional law. He began his political career in the Victorian Legislative Assembly (1880–1889) and later won election to the House of Representatives at the first federal election in 1901. He served as Postmaster-General in the third Deakin Government (1909–1910). He lost his seat in 1913 and ended his public service as deputy president of the Commonwealth Court of Conciliation and Arbitration (1922–1930).He was born in the parish of Towednack, near St Ives in Cornwall, England, the son of John Sr and Mary Quick. His life changed when he was 2 when his family migrated to Australia in 1854, where his father, a farmer, began prospecting at the Bendigo goldfields but died a few months later of a fever.
<Cambridge_United_F.C.>	Cambridge United Football Club is a professional association football club based in the city of Cambridge, England. They compete in EFL League One, the third tier of the English football league system. The club is based at the Abbey Stadium on Newmarket Road, approximately 2 miles (3 km) east of Cambridge city centre. The stadium has a capacity of 8,127, made up of terracing and seated areas.The club was founded in 1912 as Abbey United, and took the name Cambridge United in 1951. They played in local amateur leagues before joining the Southern League after finishing as runners-up of the Eastern Counties League in 1957–58. Under Bill Leivers's stewardship they were crowned Southern League Premier Division champions in 1968–69 and 1969–70, which helped to secure their election into the  Football League in 1970. They won promotion out of the Fourth Division in 1972–73, but suffered immediate relegation. They won the Fourth Division title in 1976–77, and then secured promotion out of the Third Division the following season. They remained in the Second Division for six seasons, before they suffered consecutive relegations.
<Bernard_Brodie_(biochemist)>	Bernard Beryl Brodie (7 August 1907 – 28 February 1989) was an English scientist. A leading researcher on drug therapy, he is considered by many to be the founder of modern pharmacology and brought the field to prominence in the 1940s and 1950s. He was a major figure in the field of drug metabolism, the study of how drugs interact in the body and how they are absorbed. A member of the United States National Academy of Sciences, Brodie was a founder and former chief of the Laboratory of Chemical Pharmacology at the National Heart Institute of the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, Maryland.Born in Liverpool in 1907, to a Jewish family Brodie did his undergraduate work at McGill University and received a Ph.D. in chemistry at New York University in 1935.  After his graduation from N.Y.U., he was an associate professor there until 1950, when he joined the National Institutes of Health.  He headed the pharmacology laboratory there until his retirement in 1970 but remained active as a senior consultant with Hoffmann-LaRoche laboratories in Nutley, New Jersey and as a professor of pharmacology at Pennsylvania State University.
<Martha_Smith>	Martha Anne Smith (born October 16, 1952) is an American actress, television personality, real estate broker, and former model.In July 1973, Smith was selected as Playboy magazine's Playmate of the Month. Her centerfold feature was photographed by Pompeo Posar.Smith began her career in television commercials. In 1976, Smith started acting in small roles in television series, including Quincy, M.E., Charlie's Angels, Happy Days, and Taxi.
<Les_Miles>	Leslie Edwin Miles (born November 10, 1953) is a former American football coach. He most recently served as the head coach at Kansas. His head coaching career began with the Oklahoma State Cowboys, where he coached from 2001 to 2004. Following that, he coached LSU from 2005 to 2016. Miles is nicknamed "The Hat" for his signature white cap, as well as "The Mad Hatter" for his eccentricities and play-calling habits. Prior to being a head coach, he was an assistant coach at Oklahoma State as well as at the University of Michigan, the University of Colorado at Boulder, and with the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League (NFL). Miles led the 2007 LSU Tigers football team to a win in the BCS National Championship Game, defeating Ohio State. Miles was born to Bubba, a long-haul trucking broker, and Martha Miles. He earned all-state honors as a lineman in football as well as letters in baseball and wrestling at Elyria High School in Ohio, graduating in 1972. He attended the University of Michigan from 1972 to 1975 playing for the football team under head coach Bo Schembechler, earning letters in 1974 and 1975.
<James_Farentino>	James Farentino (February 24, 1938 – January 24, 2012) was an American actor. He appeared in nearly 100 television, film, and stage roles, among them The Final Countdown, Jesus of Nazareth, and Dynasty.Born in Brooklyn, New York, Farentino attended local schools followed later by studying drama and acting in Catholic school.In the 1950s and 1960s, he performed on the stage and a few TV roles. Among his many television appearances, he guest-starred in 1964 with Efrem Zimbalist, Jr. in the episode "Super-Star" of the CBS drama series The Reporter. He starred in The Alfred Hitchcock Hour alongside Vera Miles and John Carradine (episode "Death Scene").  Early in 1967, he appeared in Barry Sullivan's NBC Western series The Road West in the episode "Reap the Whirlwind". In 1969, he starred opposite Patty Duke in the film Me, Natalie. Farentino was one of the lawyers in NBC's TV series The Bold Ones (1969–1972), which also starred Burl Ives and Joseph Campanella. He made two appearances in the 1970s anthology television series Night Gallery, once with then-wife Michele Lee ("Since Aunt Ada Came to Stay"), and next with actress Joanna Pettet ("The Girl with the Hungry Eyes"). Also in 1970, Farentino appeared as Pick Lexington in The Men From Shiloh (the repackaged name of the popular long-running TV Western The Virginian) in the episode titled "The Best Man". In 1973, he appeared in the episode "The Soft, Kind Brush" of the romantic anthology series Love Story. During the 1970s, he appeared on NBC's Cool Million.
<Microsoft_Mobile>	Microsoft Mobile was a subsidiary of Microsoft involved in the development and manufacturing of mobile phones. Based in Espoo, Finland, it was established in 2014 following the acquisition of Nokia's Devices and Services division by Microsoft in a deal valued at €5.4 billion, which was completed in April 2014. Nokia's then-CEO, Stephen Elop, joined Microsoft as president of its Devices division following the acquisition, and the acquisition was part of Steve Ballmer's strategy to turn Microsoft into a "devices and services" company. Under a 10-year licensing agreement, Microsoft Mobile held rights to sell feature phones running the S30+ platform under the Nokia brand.Originally Microsoft had established a major partnership with Nokia in 2011, in which the company exclusively produced smartphones using the Windows Phone platform, and promoted Microsoft services on its feature phone products (including Bing search). Microsoft also licensed Here Technologies data for its own mapping services. While Nokia's resultant Lumia range had the largest market share out of all Windows Phone vendors, Nokia's overall market share was falling rapidly due to competition from other major vendors, resulting in a dire financial situation. In September 2013, Microsoft announced its acquisition of Nokia's devices and services businesses, which closed with the formation of a Finnish subsidiary, Microsoft Mobile. On smartphones, the Nokia name was phased out in favour of Microsoft branding on future Lumia products.
<Megan_Fox>	Megan Denise Fox (born May 16, 1986) is an American actress. She made her acting debut in the family film Holiday in the Sun (2001), which was followed by numerous supporting roles in film and television, such as the teen musical comedy Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen (2004), as well as a starring role in the ABC sitcom Hope & Faith (2004–2006). Her breakout role was as Mikaela Banes in the blockbuster action film Transformers (2007), which she reprised in its sequel Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen (2009). She also portrayed the titular character in the horror comedy Jennifer's Body (2009), starred as April O'Neil in the superhero action film Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (2014) and its sequel Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows (2016), and starred as Reagan Lucas in the fifth and sixth seasons of the Fox sitcom New Girl (2016–2017).Fox has also made appearances in numerous magazines such as Maxim, Rolling Stone, and FHM. She is the recipient of several accolades, including two Scream Awards and four Teen Choice Awards.
<J._Tinsley_Oden>	J. Tinsley Oden (born December 25, 1936 in Alexandria, Louisiana) is the Associate Vice President for Research, the Cockrell Family Regents' Chair in Engineering #2, the Peter O'Donnell, Jr. Centennial Chair in Computing Systems, a Professor of Aerospace Engineering and Engineering Mechanics, a Professor of Mathematics, and a Professor of Computer Science at The University of Texas at Austin. Oden has been listed as an ISI Highly Cited Author in Engineering by the ISI Web of Knowledge, Thomson Scientific Company.Oden is the founding Director of the Institute for Computational Engineering and Sciences (ICES), which was started in January 2003 as an expansion of the Texas Institute for Computational and Applied Mathematics (TICAM), also directed by Oden for over a decade.
<Oscar_Goodman>	Oscar Baylin Goodman (born July 26, 1939) is an American attorney and politician. A Democrat-turned-independent, Goodman was the mayor of Las Vegas, Nevada from 1999 to 2011. His wife, Carolyn Goodman, succeeded him as mayor in 2011.Goodman was born and raised in a Jewish family in Philadelphia. After attending Central High School for a time, he graduated from The Haverford School, Haverford College, and received his J.D. degree from the University of Pennsylvania Law School. He and his wife Carolyn have four children.During his career as a defense attorney, Goodman represented defendants accused of being some of the leading organized crime figures in Las Vegas, such as: Meyer Lansky, Nicky Scarfo, Herbert "Fat Herbie" Blitzstein, Phil Leonetti, former Stardust Casino boss Frank "Lefty" Rosenthal, and Jamiel "Jimmy" Chagra, a 1970s drug trafficker who was acquitted of ordering the murder of Federal Judge John H. Wood, Jr. One of his notorious clients was reputed Chicago mobster Anthony "Tony the Ant" Spilotro, who was known to have a short and violent temper. In the semi-factual 1995 movie Casino, the character of Nicky Santoro was based on Spilotro, and was portrayed by actor Joe Pesci. Goodman had a cameo appearance in the film as himself, where he was depicted defending “Ace Rothstein,” a character closely based on Lefty Rosenthal, and played by Robert De Niro.
<Richard_Kuhn>	Richard Johann Kuhn (German pronunciation: [ˈʁɪçaʁt ˈkuːn] (listen); 3 December 1900 – 1 August 1967) was an Austrian-German biochemist who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1938 "for his work on carotenoids and vitamins".Kuhn was born in Vienna, Austria, where he attended grammar school and high school. His interest in chemistry surfaced early; however he had many interests and decided late to study chemistry. Between 1910 and 1918 he was a schoolmate of Wolfgang Pauli, who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics for 1945. Beginning in 1918, Kuhn attended lectures at the University of Vienna in chemistry. He finished his chemistry studies at University of Munich and received his doctoral degree in 1922 with Richard Willstätter for a scientific work on enzymes.
<Isabel_Jeans>	Isabel Jeans (16 September 1891 – 4 September 1985) was an English stage and film actress known for her roles in several Alfred Hitchcock films and her portrayal of Aunt Alicia in the 1958 musical film Gigi.Born in London, Jeans was the daughter of an art critic.
<Wimbledon,_London>	Wimbledon (/ˈwɪmbəldən/) is a district and town of Southwest London, England, 7.0 miles (11.3 km) southwest of the centre of London at Charing Cross; it is the main commercial centre of the London Borough of Merton. Wimbledon had a population of 68,187 in 2011 which includes the electoral wards of Abbey, Dundonald, Hillside, Trinity, Village, Raynes Park and Wimbledon Park.It is home to the Wimbledon Championships and New Wimbledon Theatre, and contains Wimbledon Common, one of the largest areas of common land in London. The residential and retail area is split into two sections known as the "village" and the "town", with the High Street being the rebuilding of the original medieval village, and the "town" having first developed gradually after the building of the railway station in 1838.
<The_View_From_Nowhere>	The View from Nowhere is a book by philosopher Thomas Nagel. Published by Oxford University Press in 1986, it contrasts passive and active points of view in how humanity interacts with the world, relying either on a subjective perspective that reflects a point of view or an objective perspective that takes a more detached perspective.  Nagel describes the objective perspective as the "view from nowhere", one where the only valuable ideas are ones derived independently.Historian Peter Gay praised The View from Nowhere. Philosopher Thomas Metzinger praised and criticized the book's central concept as "beautiful" but untenable.
<Dorothy_Kilgallen>	Dorothy Mae Kilgallen (July 3, 1913 – November 8, 1965) was an American columnist, journalist, and television game show panelist. After spending two semesters at the College of New Rochelle, she started her career shortly before her 18th birthday as a reporter for the Hearst Corporation's New York Evening Journal. In 1938, she began her newspaper column "The Voice of Broadway", which was eventually syndicated to more than 140 papers. In 1950, she became a regular panelist on the television game show What's My Line?, continuing in the role until her death.Kilgallen's columns featured mostly show business news and gossip, but also ventured into other topics, such as politics and organized crime. She wrote front-page articles for multiple newspapers on the Sam Sheppard trial and, years later, events related to the John F. Kennedy assassination, such as testimony by Jack Ruby.
<Michelle_Rhee>	Michelle Ann Rhee (born December 25, 1969) is an American educator and advocate for education reform. She was Chancellor of District of Columbia Public Schools from 2007 to 2010. In late 2010, she founded StudentsFirst, a non-profit organization that works on education reform.
<Atlético_Madrid>	Club Atlético de Madrid, S.A.D. (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈkluβ aˈtletiko ðe maˈðɾið]; meaning "Athletic Club of Madrid"), known simply as Atleti in the Spanish-speaking world and commonly referred to at international level as Atlético Madrid, is a Spanish professional football club based in Madrid that plays in La Liga. The club play their home games at the Metropolitano, which has a capacity of 68,456.In terms of league titles won, Atlético Madrid are the third most successful club in Spanish football—behind Real Madrid and Barcelona. Atlético have won La Liga on eleven occasions, including a league and cup double in 1996; the Copa del Rey on ten occasions; two Supercopas de España, oneCopa Presidente FEF [es] and one Copa Eva Duarte; in Europe, they won the European Cup Winners' Cup in 1962, were runners-up in 1963 and 1986, were UEFA Champions League runners-up in 1974, 2014 and 2016, won the Europa League in 2010, 2012 and 2018, and won the UEFA Super Cup in 2010, 2012 and 2018 as well as the 1974 Intercontinental Cup.
<Gerhard_Scholz>	Gerhard Scholz (1 October 1903 – 31 August 1989) was a German university professor and writer. The focus of his work was on Philology, German language and culture and Literary history.Gerhard Scholz was born early in the twentieth century at Liegnitz, a mid-sized city in Lower Silesia. His father was a teacher.  He passed his school leaving exams in 1924 and embarked on an extended period of university-level study at Tübingen, Heidelberg, Berlin and Breslau. Subjects addressed included German studies, History, Art history and the History of religions. In 1932 he joined the Tertiary Education Service as a Referendary. After 1933 further career progress was inhibited by his political past however.Scholz joined the moderately left-wing Social Democratic Party in 1925, and was active as an instructor with the party's youth wing. In January 1933 the NSDAP (Nazi Party) took power and lost little time in transforming Germany into a one-party dictatorship. In May 1933 Schulz was removed from his position with the education service. He was able to continue to work as a teacher at the high school, and he also worked as a freelance researcher attached to the University of Breslau.  At the same time he participated with the SPD youth branch in political activity.  Both his party membership and his party activity had become illegal in 1933.
<Stephen_Wright_(English_footballer)>	Stephen John Wright (born 8 February 1980) is an English former footballer who currently works as Youth Team Manager at Wrexham.Born in Bootle, Liverpool, Wright joined Liverpool on a youth contract in June 1996, choosing to join Liverpool over rivals Everton, the club he supported as a boy. Wright turned professional a year later in August 1997, and the following season was named as an unused substitute for the UEFA Cup clash with Celta Vigo on 24 November 1998 alongside Steven Gerrard.
<Robert_Duncan_(composer)>	Robert Duncan is a Canadian composer of film and television music.  He has composed music for such TV series as Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Castle; as well as films such as Butterfly on a Wheel and Into the Blue 2: The Reef. He has been associated with writer/producer Shawn Ryan, composing some of his produced TV shows including The Unit, Lie to Me, Timeless and more recently S.W.A.T..  He has received fourteen ASCAP  awards.Born and raised in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, Duncan was born into a family with deep musical history. His great-grandfather arranged music for silent films in England and other relatives were closely affiliated with two of England's prominent composers, Ralph Vaughan Williams and Benjamin Britten.  As a child he attended the Claude Watson School of the Performing Arts and in sixth grade he composed his first piece of music. At age 16 in high school, he landed his first gig scoring a promotional video for the local Board of Education. As an extra curricular activity, Duncan studied the pipe organ and trumpet before later earning a bachelor's degree in music at York University.After graduating, Duncan spent the next 5 years apprenticing with two Canadian composers and participated in the ASCAP Film Scoring Workshop. He wanted to do more, wanted to write scores for live orchestra but he thought the chances of succeeding in Canada were slim so in 2001 he moved to Los Angeles, Hollywood. Shortly after moving to Los Angeles, Duncan was hired as a series composer on Buffy the Vampire Slayer. The show later ended, but soon after he started to land his own television and film scoring assignments. Landing many small screen projects including "The Chicago Code", "Terriers", "The Gates", "Lie to Me", "The Unit", Point Pleasant, "Tru Calling" and S.W.A.T., it is his work on "Castle" that he is best known for.
<Burton_Albion_F.C.>	Burton Albion Football Club is a professional association football club in the town of Burton upon Trent, Staffordshire, England. The team compete in League One, the third tier of the English football league system. The club moved its home ground in 2005 to the Pirelli Stadium from Eton Park. The club's nickname, The Brewers, evokes the brewing heritage of Burton upon Trent.Burton Albion were formed in 1950 and initially joined the Birmingham & District League before switching to the Southern League eight years later. They were promoted from the Southern League Division One in 1965–66, 1971–72 and 1973–74 and were relegated from the Southern League Premier Division in 1970, 1973 and 1977. Burton spent 1979 to 1987 in the Northern Premier League, before reverting to the Southern League Premier Division. They rejoined the Northern Premier League in 2001 and were promoted to the Conference as Northern Premier League champions in 2001–02. Nigel Clough spent seven seasons as the club's player-manager in the Conference and then led them into the Football League as champions of the Conference in 2008–09. They lost the 2014 League Two play-off final, but went on to win the League Two title in 2014–15 and were promoted from League One in 2015–16. Burton spent two seasons in the Championship until relegation in 2018.
<The_Great_Sioux_Nation_(book)>	The Great Sioux Nation: Sitting in Judgment on America is a book edited by Roxanne Dunbar-Ortiz, "An Oral History of the Sioux Nation and Its Struggle for Sovereignty", that documents the 1974 "Lincoln Treaty Hearing". Testimony produced during that hearing has been cited by the International Indian Treaty Council in advocating for Indigenous sovereignty and treaty rights, efforts which eventually saw the 2007 Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.The 'Lincoln Treaty Hearing' took place in December 1974, in a US District Court in Lincoln, Nebraska, as part of the long series of court proceedings which followed the 1973 Wounded Knee Siege. The court heard approximately 65 people during thirteen days and produced almost 3,000 pages of testimony. Among the activists and scholars who participated were Simon J. Ortiz, Vine Deloria, Jr., Alvin M. Josephy, Jr., Leonard Crow Dog, Russell Means, William S. Laughlin, Raymond J. DeMallie, Beatrice Medicine, Gladys Bissonette, Dennis Banks, and Roxanne Dunbar Ortiz. Judge Warren Keith Urbom presided.The book was first published in 1977.  A new edition in 2013 by the University of Nebraska Press contains a new foreword by Philip J. Deloria and a new introduction by Roxanne Dunbar Ortiz. This paperback edition has 232 pages and ISBN 978-0-8032-4483-2.
<Cor_Bakker>	Cor Bakker (born 19 August 1961) is a Dutch pianist.Bakker was born at Landsmeer.  He rose to fame playing in De Schreeuw van De Leeuw, a television show starring Paul de LeeuwHe has had his own Radio Show called Music Minded, which he continued on television titled Cor & Co from 1996 until 2001. He also hosted Cor op Reis, a travel documentary series.It was announced in July 2018 that he would participate on the trivia gameshow The Smartest Person.
<Parramatta>	Parramatta (/ˌpærəˈmætə/) is a suburb and major commercial centre in Greater Western Sydney, located in the state of New South Wales, Australia. It is located approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) west of the Sydney central business district on the banks of the Parramatta River. Parramatta is the administrative seat of the local government area of the City of Parramatta and is often regarded as the main business district of Greater Western Sydney. Parramatta also has a long history as a second administrative centre in the Sydney metropolitan region, playing host to a number of state government departments as well as state and federal courts. It is often colloquially referred to as "Parra".Parramatta, founded as a British settlement in 1788, the same year as Sydney, is the oldest inland European settlement in Australia and is the economic centre of Greater Western Sydney. Since 2000, government agencies such as the New South Wales Police Force and Sydney Water have relocated to Parramatta from the centre of Sydney.
<Fun_Labs>	Fun Labs Romania SRL is a Romanian video game developer based in Bucharest. Founded in 1999, it long worked with Activision on a multitude of projects, including several Cabela's games.
<Aiiieeeee!_An_Anthology_of_Asian-American_Writers>	Aiiieeeee! An Anthology of Asian-American Writers is a 1974 anthology by Frank Chin, Jeffery Paul Chan, Lawson Fusao Inada, and Shawn Wong, members of the Combined Asian American Resources Project (CARP). It helped establish Asian American Literature as a field by recovering and collecting representative selections from Chinese-, Japanese-, and Filipino-Americans from the past fifty years—many of whom had been mostly forgotten. This pan-Asian anthology included selections from Carlos Bulosan, Diana Chang, Louis Chu, Momoko Iko, Wallace Lin, Toshio Mori, John Okada, Oscar Peñaranda, Sam Tagatac, Hisaye Yamamoto, Wakako Yamauchi, many of whom are now staples in Asian American literature courses. Because of this anthology and the work of CARP, many of these authors have been republished; at that time, however, they received little attention from publishers critics because they didn't subscribe to popular stereotypes but depicted what Elaine H. Kim calls the "unstereotyped aspects of Asian American experience". The "aiiieeeee!" of the title comes from a stereotypical expression used by Asian characters in old movies, radio and television shows, comic books, etc. These same stereotypes affected the anthology itself: when the editors tried to find a publisher, they had to turn to a historically African-American press because, as Chin states:The blacks were the first to take us seriously and sustained the spirit of many Asian American writers.... [I]t wasn't surprising to us that Howard University Press understood us and set out to publish our book with their first list. They liked our English we spoke [sic] and didn't accuse us of unwholesome literary devices.The anthology is also notable for its opening essay, "Fifty Years of Our Whole Voice", which laid out a list of concerns facing Asian American writers--orientalism, monolingualism, ghettoed communities, class issues, etc.--that have become important for Asian American scholarship. The essay also lays out the editors' understanding of what constitutes "a true Asian American sensibility": namely, that it is "non-Christian, nonfeminine, and nonimmigrant." These stances have been controversial, especially after the rise of Asian American women's literature (Maxine Hong Kingston, Amy Tan, et al.) and the change in Asian American demographics in the 1980s, when more Asian American writers were immigrants (e.g., Bharati Mukherjee) and/or from other Asian cultures (e.g., Korean, Indian, Vietnamese).
<Alison_Pill>	Alison Pill (born November 27, 1985) is a Canadian actress. A former child actress, Pill began her career at age 12, appearing in numerous films and television series. She transitioned to adult roles and her breakthrough came with the television series The Book of Daniel (2006). That same year, she was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play for her performance in The Lieutenant of Inishmore (2006).Pill had prominent roles in the films Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen (2004), Plain Truth (2004), Milk (2008), Scott Pilgrim vs. the World (2010), Midnight in Paris (2011), Hail, Caesar! (2016), Vice (2018), the television series In Treatment (2009), The Pillars of the Earth (2010), The Newsroom (2012–2014),  American Horror Story: Cult (2017), Star Trek: Picard (2020–2022), Devs (2020), and Them (2021).Pill was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Her father, a professional engineer, is Estonian. Pill attended Vaughan Road Academy, in its Interact program, designed for studying dance, music, athletics, and theatre.
<Carol_Ann_Abrams>	Carol Ann Abrams (née  Kelvin; September 23, 1942 – June 3, 2012) was an American television and film producer. She and her husband, television producer Gerald W. Abrams, are the parents of film director and producer J. J. Abrams and screenwriter Tracy Rosen.Born Carol Ann Kelvin in New York City to Lee (1915–2008) and Harry Kelvin (1911–1986), she earned a bachelor's degree with honors from Penn State University. After marrying Gerald Abrams and having two children, Abrams obtained a real estate license, specializing in properties in West Los Angeles and nearby Bel Air. She entered Whittier Law School when she was 39 years old and graduated valedictorian of her class. Her professors included lawyer-turned-celebrity journalist and TMZ founder, Harvey Levin. She worked as a professor at Whittier College for five years before entering the entertainment industry.
<Kathy_Hochul>	Kathleen Hochul (/ˈhoʊkəl/ HOH-kəl; née Courtney; born August 27, 1958) is an American politician serving as the 57th governor of New York since August 24, 2021. A member of the Democratic Party, she is New York's first female governor, as well as the first governor from upstate New York since George Pataki.After serving on the Hamburg town board and as deputy Erie County clerk, Hochul was appointed Erie County clerk in 2007. She was elected to a full term as Erie County clerk in 2007 and reelected in 2010. In May 2011, Hochul won a four-candidate special election for New York's 26th congressional district to fill the vacancy created by the resignation of then-Representative Chris Lee, becoming the first Democrat to represent the district in 40 years. She served as a U.S. representative from 2011 to 2013. Hochul was defeated for reelection in 2012 by Chris Collins after the district's boundaries and demographics were changed in the decennial reapportionment process. Hochul later worked as a government relations executive for the Buffalo-based M&T Bank.
<Ike_Jones>	Isaac Lolette Jones (December 23, 1929 – October 5, 2014) was an American film producer and actor. In June 1953, he became the first African American graduate of the UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television and was the first African American to serve as a producer on a major motion picture.Jones was relatively unknown outside of the film industry until 1970 when he publicly announced that he had been secretly married to actress Inger Stevens from 1961 until her death in April 1970. Jones' claim was backed up in court by Stevens' brother, Carl O. Stensland.
<Janice_Galloway>	Janice Galloway (born 1955 in Saltcoats, Scotland) is a Scottish writer of novels, short stories, prose-poetry, non-fiction and libretti.She is the second daughter of James Galloway and Janet Clark McBride. Her parents separated when she was four and her father died when she was six. Her sister Cora, sixteen years older, died in 2000 from smoking-related illness.  Janice Galloway's secondary education was at Ardrossan Academy, which is described in the memoir All Made Up. She studied Music and English at Glasgow University, then worked as a school teacher and waitress for ten years before turning to writing.
<Michigan_Stadium>	FormerlyMichigan Stadium, nicknamed "The Big House," is the football stadium for the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, Michigan. It is the largest stadium in the United States and the Western Hemisphere, the third largest stadium in the world, and the 34th largest sports venue in the world. Its official capacity is 109,901, but has hosted crowds in excess of 115,000.Michigan Stadium was built in 1927 at a cost of $950,000 (equivalent to $11.6 million in 2020) and had an original capacity of 72,000. Prior to the stadium's construction, the Wolverines played football at Ferry Field. Every home game since November 8, 1975 has drawn a crowd in excess of 100,000, an active streak of more than 300 contests. On September 7, 2013, the game between Michigan and the Notre Dame Fighting Irish attracted a crowd of 115,109, a record attendance for a college football game since 1948, and an NCAA single-game attendance record at the time, overtaking the previous record of 114,804 set two years previously for the same matchup.
<International_Audio_Group>	The International Audio Group (IAG) is a Chinese manufacturer of consumer and professional audio & HiFi components. It is based in Shenzhen in China.  It is owned and run by twin brothers Bernard and Michael Chang.In the past the IAG purchased several British HiFi manufacturers:Audiolab, Wharfedale, Quad Electroacoustics, Mission, Tag McLaren, and Castle Acoustics, Japanese brand Luxman, plus several Italian manufacturers of lighting equipment including f.a.l. and Coef. It has a manufacturing plant in Ji'an China employing 1500 people. Design of the products is done by Chinese and European designers.IAG used to manufacture luxury yachts near Shenzhen, which was the biggest yacht yard in Southeast Asia.[citation needed]
<Uxbridge_Cricket_Club>	Coordinates: 51°33′09.70″N 0°28′10.18″W﻿ / ﻿51.5526944°N 0.4694944°W﻿ / 51.5526944; -0.4694944Uxbridge Cricket Club is a cricket club based in Uxbridge, Middlesex.  Uxbridge CC is a member of the Middlesex County Cricket League which is a designated ECB Premier League.There are records of Cricket being played in the Uxbridge area as far back as 1735.  The official founding date of Uxbridge Cricket Club is 1789.
<Eric_Klinenberg>	Eric M. Klinenberg (born November 14, 1970) is an American sociologist and a scholar of urban studies, culture, and media. He is currently Helen Gould Shepard Professor in Social Science and Director of the Institute for Public Knowledge at New York University. Klinenberg is best known for his contributions as a public sociologist.Klinenberg was born in Chicago to a family of Czech-Jewish origin. He attended the Francis W. Parker School and later earned a bachelor of arts degree from Brown University (1993), followed by a master's degree (1997) and  PhD (2000) from the University of California, Berkeley. He is currently Professor of Sociology, Public Policy, and Media, Culture, and Communication at New York University, as well as the editor of the journal Public Culture. In 2012, Klinenberg became the director of the Institute for Public Knowledge at New York University.  In 2013, he was appointed research director of the Rebuild by Design competition.Klinenberg's first book, Heat Wave: A Social Autopsy of Disaster in Chicago, was published by the University of Chicago Press in 2002. The book is an account and analysis of the 1995 Chicago heat wave. The book won several scholarly prizes, including the American Sociological Association Robert Park Book Award, the Urban Affairs Association best book award, the British Sociological Association book prize, the Mirra Komarovsky Book Prize, and honorable mention for the C Wright Mills Award, and was a Favorite Book selection by the Chicago Tribune. A theatrical adaptation of the book premiered in Chicago in 2008.
<Tracy_Seretean>	Tracy Seretean is an American filmmaker who directed and co-produced Big Mama (2000), which won the Academy Award for Documentary Short Subject. She also produced The Third Monday in October (2006).
<Hal_Holbrook>	Harold Rowe Holbrook Jr. (February 17, 1925 – January 23, 2021) was an American actor, television director, and screenwriter. He first received critical acclaim in 1954 for a one-man stage show that he developed called Mark Twain Tonight! while studying at Denison University. He won the Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play in 1966 for his portrayal of Twain. He continued to perform his signature role for over 60 years, only retiring the show in 2017 due to his failing health. Throughout his career, he also won five Primetime Emmy Awards for his work on television and was nominated for an Academy Award for his work in film.Holbrook made his film debut in Sidney Lumet's The Group (1966). He later gained international fame for his performance as Deep Throat in the 1976 film All the President's Men. He played Abraham Lincoln in the 1973 miniseries Lincoln and 1985 miniseries North and South. He also appeared in such films as Julia (1977), The Fog (1980), Creepshow (1982), Wall Street (1987), The Firm (1993), Hercules (1997), and Men of Honor (2000).
<University_of_Michigan>	The University of Michigan (U-M, UMich, or Michigan) is a public research university in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Founded in 1817 by an act of the old Michigan Territory as the Catholepistemiad or the "School of Universal Knowledge," the university is the oldest in Michigan; it was established 20 years before the territory became a state. The institution was moved to Ann Arbor in 1837 onto 40 acres (16 ha) of what is now known as Central Campus, a U.S. historic district. The university has been governed by an elected board of regents independently of the state since 1850, when the state's second constitution was officially adopted. The University of Michigan is ranked among the most prestigious universities in the world.The university consists of nineteen colleges and offers degree programs at undergraduate, graduate and postdoctoral levels in some 250 disciplines. Michigan has nine professional schools: the Taubman College of Architecture and Urban Planning, Ross School of Business, Medical School, Law School, Ford School of Public Policy, College of Pharmacy, School of Social Work, School of Public Health, and School of Dentistry. It affiliates with two regional universities located in Flint and Dearborn (each separately accredited universities) and operates a center located in Detroit. Michigan is home to the country's oldest continuously existing legal organization, oldest international professional dental fraternity, oldest continuously running university hospital and longest-standing laboratory for interdisciplinary research in the social sciences. Michigan also has the largest stadium in the Western Hemisphere and the second largest research library in the country. 
<Neuromancer>	Neuromancer is a 1984 science fiction novel by American-Canadian writer William Gibson. Considered one of the earliest and best-known works in the cyberpunk genre, it is the only novel to win the Nebula Award, the Philip K. Dick Award, and the Hugo Award. It was Gibson's debut novel and the beginning of the Sprawl trilogy. Set in the future, the novel follows Henry Case, a washed-up hacker hired for one last job, which brings him in contact with a powerful artificial intelligence.Before Neuromancer, Gibson had written several short stories for US science fiction periodicals—mostly noir countercultural narratives concerning low-life protagonists in near-future encounters with cyberspace. The themes he developed in this early short fiction, the Sprawl setting of "Burning Chrome" (1982), and the character of Molly Millions from "Johnny Mnemonic" (1981) laid the foundations for the novel. John Carpenter's Escape from New York (1981) influenced the novel; Gibson was "intrigued by the exchange in one of the opening scenes where the Warden says to Snake 'You flew the Gullfire over Leningrad' [sic] It turns out to be just a throwaway line, but for a moment it worked like the best SF, where a casual reference can imply a lot." The novel's street and computer slang dialogue derives from the vocabulary of subcultures, particularly "1969 Toronto dope dealer's slang, or biker talk". Gibson heard the term "flatlining" in a bar around twenty years before writing Neuromancer and it stuck with him. Author Robert Stone, a "master of a certain kind of paranoid fiction", was a primary influence on the novel. The term "Screaming Fist" was taken from the song of the same name by Toronto-based punk rock band The Viletones.
<Girish_Kasaravalli>	Girish Kasaravalli (born 3 December 1950) is an Indian film director, in the Kannada cinema, and one of the pioneers of the Parallel Cinema. Known internationally for his works, Kasaravalli has garnered fourteen National Film Awards, including four Best Feature Films; Ghatashraddha (1977), Tabarana Kathe (1986), Thaayi Saheba (1997) and Dweepa (2002). In 2011, he was awarded with the Padma Shri, the fourth highest civilian award by Government of India.A gold medalist from the Film and Television Institute of India, Pune, The film he made to fulfill his diploma, Avashesh, was awarded the Best Student Film and the National Film Award for Best Short Fiction Film for that year. He has received fourteen National Film Awards.
<Makiko_Tanaka>	Makiko Tanaka (田中 眞紀子, Tanaka Makiko, born on 14 January 1944) is a Japanese politician. She is the daughter of former Prime Minister Kakuei Tanaka and his official wife Hana.Tanaka attended high school at Germantown Friends School in the United States and graduated from Waseda University. She spent most of her early adulthood working with her father's political machine Etsuzankai, and was first lady to her father since her mother, Hana, was absent due to long-standing illness. She was elected to the Lower House in 1993, shortly after her father's death.Tanaka was the first female foreign minister of Japan, from April 2001 to January 2002, but was fired from the cabinet after making remarks critical of Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi.  Later that year, she was expelled from the ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) and barred from party membership for two years.
<House_of_Cards_(UK_TV_series)>	House of Cards is a 1990 British political thriller television serial in four episodes, set after the end of Margaret Thatcher's tenure as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. It was televised by the BBC from 18 November to 9 December 1990, to critical and popular acclaim.The story tells the manipulative and sudden rise to power of the machiavellian Chief Whip of the Conservative Party, Francis Urquhart. Urquhart, on the party's classical extreme right, is frustrated over his lack of promotion in the wake of Thatcher's resignation and the moderate government that succeeds it. Thus, he plots an extremely calculated and meticulous plan to bring down the Prime Minister and replace him, in vein of Shakespeare's Richard III (which he often quotes). During this drawn-out, ruthless coup, his life is complicated by his relationship with young female reporter Mattie Storin, whom he uses to leak sensitive information in confidence. The question of whether the serial's ending is a tragedy (in vein of plays such as Macbeth) is left to the viewer.
<Spencer_Cavendish,_8th_Duke_of_Devonshire>	Spencer Compton Cavendish, 8th Duke of Devonshire, KG, GCVO, PC, PC (Ire), FRS (23 July 1833 – 24 March 1908), styled Lord Cavendish of Keighley between 1834 and 1858 and Marquess of Hartington between 1858 and 1891, was a British statesman. He has the distinction of having held leading positions in three political parties: leading the Liberal Party, the Liberal Unionist Party and the Conservative Party in either the House of Commons or the House of Lords. After 1886 he increasingly voted with the Conservatives. He declined to become prime minister on three occasions, because the circumstances were never right. Historian and politician Roy Jenkins said he was "too easy-going and too little of a party man." He held some passions, but he rarely displayed them regarding the most controversial issues of the day.Devonshire was the eldest son of William Cavendish, 2nd Earl of Burlington, who succeeded his cousin as Duke of Devonshire in 1858, and Lady Blanche Cavendish (née Howard). Lord Frederick Cavendish and Lord Edward Cavendish were his younger brothers. He was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated as MA in 1854, having taken a Second in the Mathematical Tripos. He later was made honorary LLD in 1862, and as DCL at Oxford University in 1878.
<Judea_Pearl>	Judea Pearl (born September 4, 1936) is an Israeli-American computer scientist and philosopher, best known for championing the probabilistic approach to artificial intelligence and the development of Bayesian networks (see the article on belief propagation). He is also credited for developing a theory of causal and counterfactual inference based on structural models (see article on causality). In 2011, the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) awarded Pearl with the Turing Award, the highest distinction in computer science, "for fundamental contributions to artificial intelligence through the development of a calculus for probabilistic and causal reasoning". He is the author of several books, including the technical  Causality: Models, Reasoning and Inference, and The Book of Why, a book on causality aimed at the general public. Judea Pearl is the father of journalist Daniel Pearl, who was kidnapped and murdered by terrorists in Pakistan connected with Al-Qaeda and the International Islamic Front in 2002 for his American and Jewish heritage.
<My_Mad_Fat_Diary>	My Mad Fat Diary is a British teen comedy-drama television series that debuted on E4 on 14 January 2013. It is based on the novel My Fat, Mad Teenage Diary by Rae Earl.The second series started on 19 February 2014 and ended on 31 March 2014, with each episode posted on 4oD a week prior to the television release. In November 2014, it was announced that a final three-episode third series would be made, set in 1998.
<Samuel_McConnell_Brown>	Samuel McConnell Brown (c. 1865 – 24 August 1923) was an Australian politician who was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1917 to 1921, representing the seat of Subiaco.Brown was born near Ballarat, Victoria, to Margaret (née Matheson) and George McConnell Brown. He came to Western Australia in 1896, during the gold rush, and the following year opened a bakery in Coolgardie. He subsequently moved to Perth, opening another bakery in Subiaco. Brown was elected to the Subiaco Municipal Council in 1898, serving until 1905 and then again from 1906 to 1917. He first stood for parliament at the 1901 state election, as an independent, but was defeated in Subiaco by Labor's Henry Daglish (a future premier). He again lost to Daglish at the 1905 election, standing as a Ministerialist.
<Whitehawk_F.C.>	Whitehawk Football Club is a semi-professional English football club based in Whitehawk, a suburb of the city of Brighton and Hove, East Sussex. The club currently plays in the Isthmian League South East Division. Whitehawk's home ground is the 3126-capacity Enclosed Ground, at present known for sponsorship purposes as the TerraPura Ground, which is situated within East Brighton Park. Nicknamed The Hawks, the club's traditional playing colours are red and white. Prior to 2010, the club had never played above County League level, but after three promotions in four seasons, the Hawks reached Conference South in 2013 as well as the second round of the FA Cup in 2015.
<Tendai_Huchu>	Tendai Huchu (born September 28, 1983) who also writes as T. L. Huchu is a Zimbabwean author, best known for his novels The Hairdresser of Harare (2010) and The Maestro, The Magistrate & The Mathematician (2014).Tendai Huchu's first novel, The Hairdresser of Harare, was released in 2010 to critical acclaim, and has been translated into German, French, Italian and Spanish. His short fiction in multiple genres and nonfiction have appeared in Enkare Review, The Manchester Review, Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine, Gutter, Interzone, AfroSF, Wasafiri, Warscapes, The Africa Report and elsewhere. In 2013 he received a Hawthornden Fellowship and a Sacatar Fellowship. He was shortlisted for the 2014 Caine Prize.
<Mario_Jelavić>	Mario Jelavić (born 20 August 1993) is a Croatian football forward, who currently plays for Slovenian side Krka.In 2014, Jelavic signed for Atlético Madrid C.
<Vancouver>	Vancouver (/vænˈkuːvər/ (listen) van-KOO-vər) is a major city in western Canada, located in the Lower Mainland region of British Columbia. As the most populous city in the province, the 2021 census recorded 662,248 people in the city, up from 631,486 in 2016. The Greater Vancouver area had a population of 2.6 million in 2021, making it the third-largest metropolitan area in Canada. Greater Vancouver, along with the Fraser Valley, comprises the Lower Mainland with a regional population of over 3 million. Vancouver has the highest population density in Canada, with over 5,700 people per square kilometre, and fourth highest in North America (after New York City, San Francisco, and Mexico City).Vancouver is one of the most ethnically and linguistically diverse cities in Canada: 49.3 percent of its residents are not native English speakers, 47.8 percent are native speakers of neither English nor French, and 54.5 percent of residents belong to visible minority groups. It has been consistently ranked one of the most livable cities in Canada and in the world. In terms of housing affordability, Vancouver is also one of the most expensive cities in Canada and in the world. Vancouver plans to become the greenest city in the world. Vancouverism is the city's urban planning design philosophy.
<London_Passenger_Transport_Board>	The London Passenger Transport Board was the organisation responsible for local public transport in London and its environs from 1933 to 1948. In common with all London transport authorities from 1933 to 2000, the public name and brand was London Transport.The London Passenger Transport Board (LPTB) was established pursuant to the London Passenger Transport Act 1933 enacted on 13 April 1933. The bill had been introduced by Herbert Morrison, who was Transport Minister in the Labour Government until 1931. Because the legislation was a hybrid bill it had been possible to allow it to 'roll over' into the new parliament under the incoming National Government. The new government, although dominated by Conservatives, decided to continue with the bill, with no serious changes, despite its extensive transfer of private undertakings into the public sector.[citation needed] On 1 July 1933, the LPTB came into being, covering the "London Passenger Transport Area".
<Queens>	Queens is a borough of New York City, coextensive with Queens County, in the U.S. state of New York. Located on Long Island, it is the largest New York City borough by area. It is bordered by the borough of Brooklyn at the western tip of Long Island to its west, and Nassau County to its east. Queens also shares water borders with the boroughs of Manhattan, the Bronx, and Staten Island (via the Rockaways).With a population of 2,405,464 as of the 2020 census, Queens is the second most populous county in the State of New York, behind Kings County (Brooklyn), and is therefore also the second most populous of the five New York City boroughs. If Queens became a city, it would rank as the fifth most-populous in the U.S. after New York City, Los Angeles, Chicago, and Houston. Approximately 47% of the residents of Queens are foreign-born. Queens is the most linguistically diverse place on Earth and is one of the most ethnically diverse counties in the United States.
<BP>	BP p.l.c. (formerly The British Petroleum Company plc and BP Amoco plc) is a British multinational oil and gas company headquartered in London, England. It is one of the oil and gas "supermajors" and one of the world's largest companies measured by revenues and profits. It is a vertically integrated company operating in all areas of the oil and gas industry, including exploration and extraction, refining, distribution and marketing, power generation, and trading.BP's origins date back to the founding of the Anglo-Persian Oil Company in 1908, established as a subsidiary of Burmah Oil Company to exploit oil discoveries in Iran. In 1935, it became the Anglo-Iranian Oil Company and in 1954, adopted the name British Petroleum. In 1959, the company expanded beyond the Middle East to Alaska. British Petroleum acquired majority control of Standard Oil of Ohio in 1978. Formerly majority state-owned, the British government privatised the company in stages between 1979 and 1987.  British Petroleum merged with Amoco in 1998, becoming BP Amoco plc, and acquired ARCO and Burmah Castrol in 2000 and Aral AG in 2002. The company's name was shortened to BP p.l.c. in 2001. From 2003 to 2013, BP was a partner in the TNK-BP joint venture in Russia, and from 2013 until Russia's 2022 invasion of Ukraine, held a nearly 20% stake in Rosneft.
<Cauã_Reymond>	Cauã Reymond Marques (Portuguese pronunciation: [kaˈwɐ̃ ˈʁejmõ(dʒi) ˈmaʁkis], born 20 May 1980) is a Brazilian actor. He is best known for his television roles in Malhação and Cordel Encantado. His television credits include Belíssima, Passione, A Favorita, and Avenida Brasil.Reymond was born in Rio de Janeiro. He is of Swiss, Portuguese and Native Brazilian descent.In 2007, he married actress Grazi Massafera. They have a daughter named Sofia.
<Nippon_Professional_Baseball_Most_Valuable_Player_Award>	The Most Valuable Player (MVP) Award (最優秀選手, Saiyūshūsenshu) is an annual Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB) award given to two outstanding players, one each for the Central League (CL) and Pacific League (PL).Each league's award is voted on by national baseball writers. Each voter selects three players: a first-place selection is given five points, a second-place selection three points, and a third-place selection one point. The award goes to the player who receives the most overall points. The winners are announced every year in November during Nippon Professional Baseball's awards ceremony called NBP Awards.The first recipient of the award was Eiji Sawamura. The most recent winners, in 2020, are Tomoyuki Sugano, from the Central League, and Yuki Yanagita, from the Pacific League. In 1940, Victor Starffin became the first player to win the award consecutively and multiple times. Eiji Sawamura and Kazuhisa Inao are the youngest players to receive the awards in 1937 and 1957, respectively, at the ages of 20. In 1988, Hiromitsu Kadota became the oldest player to receive the award at the age of 40.
<United_Australia_Party>	The United Australia Party (UAP) was an Australian political party that was founded in 1931 and dissolved in 1945. The party won four federal elections in that time, usually governing in coalition with the Country Party. It provided two prime ministers: Joseph Lyons (1932–1939) and Robert Menzies (1939–1941).The UAP was created in the aftermath of the 1931 split in the Australian Labor Party. Six fiscally conservative Labor MPs left the party to protest the Scullin Government's financial policies during the Great Depression. Led by Joseph Lyons, a former Premier of Tasmania, the defectors initially sat as independents, but then agreed to merge with the Nationalist Party and form a united opposition. Lyons was chosen as the new party's leader due to his popularity among the general public, with former Nationalist leader John Latham becoming his deputy. He led the UAP to a landslide victory at the 1931 federal election, where the party secured an outright majority in the House of Representatives and was able to form government in its own right.
<Chapman_To>	Chapman To (Chinese: 杜汶澤, born 8 June 1972), born Edward Ng Cheuk-cheung (Chinese: 吳卓彰), is a Hong Kong actor. He is best known for his roles in films such as Infernal Affairs and Initial D. He is also the founder of his own multimedia platform known as "Chapman To's Late Show". 2022, To officially naturalised in Taiwan.To began his acting career in TV soap operas and moved to the big screen in 2000. He is best known for playing Tsui Wai-Keung in the Infernal Affairs trilogy, as well as the role of Itsuki Tachibana in Initial D. He married Kristal Tin in 2005. In 2006, he starred in Pang Ho-Cheung's film Isabella with Isabella Leong.
<Simms_Taback>	Simms Taback (February 13, 1932 – December 25, 2011) was an American writer, graphic artist, and illustrator of more than 35 books. He won the 2000 Caldecott Medal for U.S. picture book illustration, recognizing Joseph Had a Little Overcoat, and was a runner-up in 1998 for There Was an Old Lady Who Swallowed a Fly.He was born to a  working family of a housepainter and a seamstress, socialists and labor organizers. His first name is after Harry Simms, Jewish labor leader. 
<Louise_Mensch>	Louise Daphne Mensch (née Bagshawe; born 28 June 1971) is a British blogger, novelist, and former Conservative Member of Parliament. In the 1990s she became known as a writer of chick lit novels under her maiden name Louise Bagshawe. She was elected Conservative MP for Corby at the 2010 UK general election.Mensch resigned as an MP in August 2012 to move to New York City to live with her second husband, American music manager Peter Mensch. She began working for News Corp in 2014, and co-launched its Heat Street website in February 2016. Since leaving Heat Street in December 2016, she has published primarily on her blog Patribotics, which she launched in January 2017, and her Twitter account. She left News Corp entirely in March 2017.
<Harry_Fowler>	Henry James Fowler, MBE (10 December 1926 – 4 January 2012) was an English character actor in film and television. Over a career lasting more than six decades, he made nearly 200 appearances on screen.Fowler was born in Lambeth, South London, on 10 December 1926. As a "near illiterate newspaper boy" making eight shillings a week, he told film historian Brian McFarlane, he was invited on to radio to speak about his life in wartime London.
<Gods_of_Aberdeen>	Gods of Aberdeen is a novel written by Micah Nathan, published in June 2005 by Simon & Schuster. It was translated into Italian, Russian, Spanish, and Portuguese with the title The Last Alchemist. The novel is written in first-person, and follows the freshman year of the narrator, Eric Dunne, a 16-year-old linguistic savant who attends fictional Aberdeen College, in the town of Fairwich, Connecticut. The novel achieved best-seller status in Italy, selling over 40k copies.This article about a 2000s novel is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Tom_Fazio>	Thomas Fazio, ASGCA  (born February 10, 1945) is a golf course architect.Fazio graduated in 1962 from Lansdale Catholic High School and was inducted into its "Hall of Fame" in 2007. He began his career in golf course design with his family's firm in suburban Philadelphia, which he left in the 1960s; he established his own firm in Jupiter, Florida in 1972. He is the nephew of George Fazio, who often credited Tom with jump-starting his own career in golf course architecture.Fazio has designed more than 200 courses of which 46 have been ranked by Golf Digest in their greatest 200 courses in the United States. His individual honors include Best Modern Day Golf Course Architect, which he received from Golf Digest Magazine three times. In 1995, Fazio became only the second course architect to receive the highest recognition awarded by the Golf Course Superintendents Association of America - The Old Tom Morris Award.
<Rose_Frisch>	Sigma Xi national lecturer – 1988–1990Fellow of the Bunting Institute – 1993–1994Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and SciencesRally Day Medal for Medical Research and Reproductive Health (awarded by Smith College)Rose Epstein Frisch (July 7, 1918 – January 30, 2015) was a pioneering American scientist in fertility and human development whose work was instrumental in the discovery of leptin. She is mainly known for her work in infertility; specifically the discovery that low body fat was a contributing factor to infertility.
<OTRAG>	OTRAG (German: Orbital Transport und Raketen AG, or Orbital Transport and Rockets, Inc.), was a German company based in Stuttgart, which in the late 1970s and early 1980s planned to develop an alternative propulsion system for rockets. OTRAG was the first commercial developer and producer of space launch vehicles. The OTRAG Rocket claimed to present an inexpensive alternative to existing launch systems through mass-production of Common Rocket Propulsion Units (CRPU).OTRAG was founded in 1975 by the German aerospace engineer Lutz Kayser [de]. OTRAG's goal was to develop, produce, and operate a low cost satellite launch vehicle. It was the first private company to attempt to launch a private spacecraft. The OTRAG rocket was intended to be an inexpensive alternative to the European rocket Ariane and the NASA Space Shuttle. Kayser and a private consortium of six hundred European investors financed the development and production of the OTRAG satellite launch vehicle. Dr. Kurt H. Debus served as Chairman of the Board of OTRAG after his retirement as director of NASA's Kennedy Space Center, and Dr. Wernher von Braun served as scientific adviser to Kayser.In the face of doubts by Debus and von Braun, Kayser chose in 1975 to set up testing and launch facilities in Shaba, Zaire (now Katanga Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo). Debus and von Braun were concerned about the possibility of Zairian acquisition of missile technology from the facilities. Kayser decided to proceed despite their opposition.
<Lata_Mangeshkar>	Lata Mangeshkar ([ləˈtaː məŋˈɡeːʃkər] (listen)) (born as Hema Mangeshkar; 28 September 1929 – 06 February 2022) was an Indian playback singer and occasional music composer. She is widely considered to have been the greatest and most influential singers in India. Her contribution to the Indian music industry in a career spanning eight decades gained her honorific titles such as the "Queen of Melody", "Nightingale of India", and "Voice of the Millennium".Lata recorded songs in over thirty-six Indian languages and a few foreign languages, though primarily in Marathi, Hindi, and Bengali. Her foreign languages included English, Indonesian, Russian, Dutch, Nepali, and Swahili. She received several accolades and honors throughout her career. In 1989, the Dadasaheb Phalke Award was bestowed on her by the Government of India. In 2001, in recognition of her contributions to the nation, she was awarded the Bharat Ratna, India's highest civilian honour; she is only the second female singer, after M. S. Subbulakshmi, to receive this honour. France conferred on her its highest civilian award, Officer of the National Order of the Legion of Honour, in 2007.
<John_Maynard_Smith>	John Maynard Smith FRS (6 January 1920 – 19 April 2004) was a British theoretical and mathematical evolutionary biologist and geneticist. Originally an aeronautical engineer during the Second World War, he took a second degree in genetics under the well-known biologist J. B. S. Haldane. Maynard Smith was instrumental in the application of game theory to evolution with George R. Price, and theorised on other problems such as the evolution of sex and signalling theory.John Maynard Smith was born in London, the son of the surgeon Sidney Maynard Smith, but following his father's death in 1928, the family moved to Exmoor, where he became interested in natural history. Quite unhappy with the lack of formal science education at Eton College, Maynard Smith took it upon himself to develop an interest in Darwinian evolutionary theory and mathematics, after having read the work of old Etonian J. B. S. Haldane, whose books were in the school's library despite the bad reputation Haldane had at Eton for his communism. He became an atheist at age 14.
<G._David_Low>	George David Low (February 19, 1956 – March 15, 2008)  was an American aerospace executive and a NASA astronaut. He was born in 1956 to George M. Low, the Manager of the Apollo Spacecraft Program Office and, later, the 14th President of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. With undergraduate degrees in physics and mechanical engineering and a master's degree in aeronautics and astronautics, he worked in the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) at the California Institute of Technology in the early 80's, before being picked as an astronaut candidate by NASA in 1984. In addition to holding some technical assignments, he logged more than 700 hours in space (including stints on the Columbia, the Atlantis, and the Endeavour Space Shuttles), before he left NASA in 1996 to pursue a career in the private sector.Low was born February 19, 1956, in Cleveland, Ohio,  and was active in the Boy Scouts of America where he achieved its second highest rank, Life Scout. He was married to the former JoAnn Andochick of Weirton, West Virginia. They had three children Maggie, Chris, and Abigail. He enjoyed tennis, lacrosse, scuba diving, running, and spending time with his family. His father, Dr. George M. Low, Manager of the Apollo Spacecraft Program Office, in 1968 proposed that Apollo 8 fly around the moon.Low died of colon cancer on March 15, 2008, at Reston Hospital Center in Virginia.
<Mike_Gravel>	Maurice Robert "Mike" Gravel (/ɡrəˈvɛl/ grə-VELL; May 13, 1930 – June 26, 2021) was an American politician and writer who served as a United States Senator from Alaska from 1969 to 1981 as a member of the Democratic Party, and who later in life twice ran for the presidential nomination of that party.Born and raised in Springfield, Massachusetts, by French-Canadian immigrant parents, Gravel moved to Alaska in the late 1950s, becoming a real estate developer and entering politics. He served in the Alaska House of Representatives from 1963 to 1967, and also became Speaker of the Alaska House. Gravel was elected to the U.S. Senate in 1968.
<Simon_Property_Group>	Simon Property Group, Inc. is an American real estate investment trust that invests in shopping malls, outlet centers, and community/lifestyle centers. It is the largest owner of shopping malls in the United States and is headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana. Worldwide, it owns interests in 232 properties comprising approximately 241,000,000 square feet (22,400,000 m2)[needs update] of gross leasable area in North America and Asia.Simon Property Group dates to 1960, when brothers Melvin Simon and Herbert Simon began developing strip malls in Indianapolis, Indiana. In December 1993, they took their interests public as Simon Property Group in the largest initial public offering of a real estate investment trust to date. Simon Property merged with the newly public DeBartolo Realty Corporation, owner of the real estate assets of Edward J. DeBartolo Sr., in 1996 to form Simon DeBartolo Group.In 1997, the company acquired The Retail Property Trust for $1.2 billion in a hostile takeover. Also in 1997, in partnership with Macerich, the company acquired 12 malls from IBM's pension plan for $974.5 million. One year after these acquisitions, the company acquired Corporate Property Investors and was renamed Simon Property Group. The company also acquired an ownership interest in Groupe BEG, S.A., operator of shopping centers in Europe.
<Bank_of_New_York>	The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation, commonly known as BNY Mellon, is an American investment banking services holding company headquartered in New York City. BNY Mellon was formed from the merger of The Bank of New York and the Mellon Financial Corporation in 2007. It is the world's largest custodian bank and securities services company, with $2.4 trillion in assets under management and $46.7 trillion in assets under custody as of the second quarter of 2021. It is considered a systemically important bank by the Financial Stability Board. BNY Mellon is incorporated in Delaware.Through its Bank of New York predecessor, it is one of the three oldest banking corporations in the United States and among the oldest banks in the world, having been established in June 1784 by a group that included American Founding Fathers Alexander Hamilton and Aaron Burr.  T. Mellon and Sons Bank, was founded in Pittsburgh in 1869 by Thomas Mellon and his sons Richard and Andrew, the latter of whom later became Secretary of the US Treasury.
<Nationalist_Party_of_Australia>	The Nationalist Party, also known as the National Party was an Australian political party. It was formed on 17 February 1917 from a merger between the Commonwealth Liberal Party and the National Labor Party, the latter formed by Prime Minister Billy Hughes and his supporters after the 1916 Labor Party split over World War I conscription. The Nationalist Party was in government (from 1923 in coalition with the Country Party) until electoral defeat in 1929. From that time it was the main opposition to the Labor Party until it merged with pro-Joseph Lyons Labor defectors to form the United Australia Party (UAP) in 1931. The party is a direct ancestor of the Liberal Party of Australia, the main centre-right party in Australia.In October 1915 the Australian Prime Minister, Andrew Fisher of the Australian Labor Party, retired; Billy Hughes was chosen unanimously by the Labor caucus to succeed him. Hughes was a strong supporter of Australia's participation in World War I, and after a visit to Britain in 1916, where the Military Service Act 1916 had been passed earlier in the year, he became convinced that conscription was necessary if Australia was to sustain its contribution to the war effort. A majority of his party, most notably Roman Catholics and trade union representatives, was opposed to this, especially given the British government's reprisals against the Irish Easter Rising of 1916.
<William_Whitaker_(geologist)>	William Whitaker was born on 4 May 1836 in London,He was educated at St Albans School and University College, London, where he gained a degree in chemistry in 1855.
<Alípio>	Alípio Duarte Brandão (born 7 June 1992), known simply as Alípio, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Figueirense  as an attacking midfielder.Born in Brasília, Brazilian Federal District, Alípio left Brazil at the age of 14. An orphan, he moved to Portugal with his legal guardian Helber Damião, co-owner of the football school Dois Toques.
<Eric_Lander>	Eric Steven Lander (born February 3, 1957) is an American mathematician and geneticist who served as the 11th director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy and Science Advisor to the President, serving on the presidential Cabinet. Lander is a professor of biology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), a professor of systems biology at Harvard Medical School, a former member of the Whitehead Institute, and the founding director of the Broad Institute. He is a 1987 MacArthur Fellow and Rhodes Scholar. Lander co-chaired President Barack Obama's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology. Lander announced he would resign from the Biden Administration effective February 18, 2022 after allegations surfaced he had engaged in bullying and abusive conduct directed against his subordinates and other White House staff.Lander was born in Brooklyn, New York City, to Jewish parents, the son of Rhoda G. Lander, a social studies teacher, and Harold Lander, an attorney. He was captain of the math team at Stuyvesant High School, graduating in 1974 as valedictorian and an International Mathematical Olympiad Silver Medalist for the U.S. He attended and later taught at the Hampshire College Summer Studies in Mathematics program. At age 17, he wrote a paper on quasiperfect numbers for which he won the Westinghouse Science Talent Search.
<CREATE_Festival>	Three Rivers Arts Festival is an outdoor music and arts festival held each June in the Downtown district of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The festival features live music and  performance art, as well as visual art and vendors who sell their wares. The event is centered in Point State Park.Founded in 1960 by the Women's Committee of the Carnegie Museum of Art, the festival has presented more than 10,000 visual and performing artists.  Stage performances have included Ella Fitzgerald, Ray Charles, Philip Glass, Steven Reich, Smokey Robinson as well as literary legends Allen Ginsberg and Spalding Gray.Since 2015, the CREATE festival has been part of the Three Rivers Arts Festival.
<Lana_(wrestling)>	Catherine Joy "CJ" Perry (born March 24, 1985) is an American professional wrestler, actress, and dancer. She is best known for her time in WWE under the ring name Lana.Perry was born on March 24, 1985, in Gainesville, Florida, the eldest of four siblings. She is of Portuguese and Venezuelan descent. She spent several years of her childhood in the Latvian SSR, where her father worked as a Christian missionary. Perry and her family remained in Latvia after it restored its independence in 1991. From an early age, Perry aspired to become a ballet dancer like her mother. She attended the Riga Choreography School (the ballet school of the Latvian National Opera) and began dancing with the Latvian National Ballet at the age of 14.
<Belle_(2013_film)>	Belle is a 2013 British period drama film directed by Amma Asante, written by Misan Sagay and produced by Damian Jones. It stars Gugu Mbatha-Raw, Tom Wilkinson, Miranda Richardson, Penelope Wilton, Sam Reid, Matthew Goode, Emily Watson, Sarah Gadon, Tom Felton, and James Norton.The film is inspired by the 1779 painting of Dido Elizabeth Belle beside her cousin Lady Elizabeth Murray at Kenwood House, which was commissioned by their great-uncle, William Murray, 1st Earl of Mansfield, then Lord Chief Justice of England. Very little is known about the life of Dido Belle, who was born in the West Indies and was the illegitimate mixed-race daughter of Mansfield's nephew, Sir John Lindsay. She is found living in poverty by her father and entrusted to the care of Mansfield and his wife. The fictional film centres on Dido's relationship with an aspiring lawyer; it is set at a time of legal significance, as a court case is heard on what became known as the Zong massacre, when slaves were thrown overboard from a slave ship and the owner filed with his insurance company for the losses. Lord Mansfield ruled on this case in England's Court of King's Bench in 1786, in a decision seen to contribute to the Abolition of the Slave Trade Act of 1807.
<Turing_Award>	The ACM A. M. Turing Award is an annual prize given by the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) for contributions of lasting and major technical importance to computer science. It is generally recognized as the highest distinction in computer science and is colloquially known as or often referred to as the "Nobel Prize of Computing".The award is named after Alan Turing, who was a British mathematician and reader in mathematics at the University of Manchester. Turing is often credited as being the key founder of theoretical computer science and artificial intelligence. From 2007 to 2013, the award was accompanied by an additional prize of US$250,000, with financial support provided by Intel and Google. Since 2014, the award has been accompanied by a prize of US$1 million, with financial support provided by Google.
<Mercedes-Benz_SL-Class_(R129)>	The Mercedes-Benz R129 SL is a roadster which was produced by Mercedes-Benz from 1989 until 2001. The R129 replaced the R107 in 1989 and was in its turn replaced by the R230 SL-Class in 2002 for the 2003 model year.The R129 was offered as a two-door roadster with an automated (electro-hydraulic), fabric convertible roof; colour-matched, automated tonneau cover; and a manually detachable hardtop that could be fitted over the stored fabric convertible roof and tonneau. It was available with a variety of powertrains across its twelve-year production, including a V12 option used in the SL600.
<CTVglobemedia>	Bell Media Inc. (French: Bell Média inc.) is a Canadian media conglomerate that is the mass media subsidiary of BCE Inc. (also known as Bell Canada Enterprises, the owner of telecommunications company Bell Canada). Its operations include television broadcasting and production (including the CTV and CTV 2 television networks), radio broadcasting (through iHeartRadio Canada), digital media (including Crave) and Internet properties (including the now-defunct Sympatico portal).Bell Media is the successor-in-interest to Baton Broadcasting (later CTV Inc.), one of Canada's first private-sector television broadcasters. Although the company was founded in 1960 as Telegram Corporation, the current enterprise traces its origins to the establishment of Bell Globemedia Inc. in 2001 by BCE and the Thomson family, combining CTV Inc. (which BCE had acquired in 2000) and the operations of the Thomson family's newspaper, The Globe and Mail. BCE sold the majority of its interest in 2006 (after which the company was renamed CTVglobemedia Inc. in 2007), but in 2011, BCE acquired the entire company (excluding The Globe and Mail) and changed the name to Bell Media Inc.For all practical purposes, Bell Media is the successor to Baton Broadcasting Incorporated (/ˈbeɪtɒn/ BAY-ton), which by the late 1990s had become one of Canada's largest broadcasters.
<Real_Zaragoza>	Real Zaragoza, S.A.D. (Spanish pronunciation: [reˈal θaɾaˈɣoθa]), commonly referred to as Zaragoza, is a football club based in Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain, that currently competes in the Segunda División, the second tier of the Spanish league system. Zaragoza holds its home games at La Romareda.Founded on 18 March 1932, the club has spent the majority of its history in La Liga, although they have not played at that level since they were last relegated in 2013. They have won the Copa del Rey six times, 1963–64 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup and the 1994–95 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, amongst other trophies. Traditionally, their team colours are white shirts and socks with royal blue shorts.
<Peter_Cochrane>	Peter John Cochrane FAHA (born 15 April 1950) is an Australian historian and writer. In 2007, his book Colonial Ambition: Foundations of Australian Democracy shared the inaugural Prime Minister's Prize for Australian History with Les Carlyon's The Great War.Cochrane was born in Melbourne in 1950. He completed an honours degree at La Trobe University in 1974 and a doctorate at the University of Adelaide in 1978. After working for a couple of years in the Parliamentary Library of South Australia and as a tutor at the University of Adelaide, he published his first book Industrialisation and Dependence: Australia's Road to Economic Development, 1870–1939 in 1980.
<Zürich_Stadelhofen_railway_station>	Zürich Stadelhofen railway station (German: Bahnhof Zürich Stadelhofen) is an important local railway station in the city of Zürich, on the Zürich-Rapperswil, Zürich-Winterthur, Zürich-Uster lines of the SBB CFF FFS (Swiss Federal Railways). An adjacent station, Zürich Stadelhofen FB, is the terminus of the Forchbahn (FB) suburban railway and is served by several lines of the Zürich tram network.Stadelhofen lies close to the Zürich Opera House and near Bellevue Square. It is located in the city centre next to Lake Zürich and constitutes an early work by architect Santiago Calatrava in the city where he had studied.Stadelhofen station opened in 1894, at the same time as the Lake Zürich right bank railway (Rechtsufrige Zürichseebahn) from Zürich Hauptbahnhof to Rapperswil station. Until 1990, the station was an intermediate stop on this single track line, which departed from the Hauptbahnhof in a westerly direction, before performing a clockwise 270 degrees turn via a viaduct over the River Limmat and passing through Letten station and the Letten tunnel to Stadelhofen. By rail the distance between the Hauptbahnhof and Stadelhofen was some 5 kilometres (3.1 mi), despite the fact that they are only 1.5 kilometres (0.93 mi) apart in a straight line.
<Steven_Skiena>	Steven Sol Skiena (born January 30, 1961) is a Computer Scientist and Distinguished Teaching Professor of Computer Science at Stony Brook University.He is also Director of AI Institute at Stony Brook.He was co-founder of General Sentiment, a social media and news analytics company, and served as Chief Science Officer from 2009 until it shut down in 2015.His research interests include algorithm design and its applications to biology.  Skiena is the author of several popular books in the fields of algorithms, programming, and mathematics.The Algorithm Design Manual is widely used as an undergraduate text in algorithms and within the tech industry for job interview preparation. In 2001, Skiena was awarded the IEEE Computer Science and Engineering Undergraduate Teaching Award "for outstanding contributions to undergraduate education in the areas of algorithms and discrete mathematics and for influential textbook and software."Skiena has worked on algorithmic problems in synthetic biology, and, in particular, issues of optimal gene design for a given protein under various constraints.In collaboration with virologist Eckard Wimmer, he has worked to computationally design synthetic viruses for use as attenuated vaccines.Their Synthetic Attenuated Virus Engineering (SAVE) approach has been validated in flu and experiments with other viruses are ongoing.A popular account of this work appears in Dennis Shasha and Cathy Lazare's Natural Computing.
<The_Easy_Way_to_Stop_Smoking>	The Easy Way to Stop Smoking is a self-help book written by British author and accountant Allen Carr first published in 1985. The book aims to help people quit smoking, offering a range of different methods. Although championed by many celebrities, there has been limited empirical study of Carr's method.After 30 years of heavy smoking, Carr quit in 1983, at the age of 48. He subsequently left his job as an accountant in the same year and opened the first "easiest way" clinic, to help other addicts. Carr wrote a number of books intended to lead to smoking cessation and loss of excess weight, some of which were best sellers.
<Tyne_Daly>	Ellen Tyne Daly (/ˈtaɪn/; born February 21, 1946) is an American actress. She has won six Emmy Awards for her television work, a Tony Award and is a 2011 American Theatre Hall of Fame inductee.Daly began her career on stage in summer stock in New York, and made her Broadway debut in the play That Summer – That Fall in 1967. She is best known for her television role as Detective Mary Beth Lacey in Cagney & Lacey (1982–88), for which she is a four-time Emmy Award winner as Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series. In 1989, she starred in the Broadway revival of Gypsy and won the 1990 Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical.Her other TV roles include Alice Henderson in Christy (1994–95), for which she won an Emmy in 1996 and Maxine Gray in Judging Amy (1999–2005), which won her a sixth Emmy in 2003. Her other Broadway credits include The Seagull (1992), her Tony-nominated role in Rabbit Hole (2006) and her Tony-nominated role in Mothers and Sons (2014). She played Maria Callas, both on Broadway and in London's West End, in the play Master Class (2011–12). She portrayed Anne Marie Hoag in Marvel Studios' Spider-Man: Homecoming (2017).
<Ateneh_Faghih_Nasiri>	Ateneh Faghih Nasiri (Persian: آتنه فقیه نصیری; born 14 November 1968) is an Iranian actress. She is best known for playing the title role in the TV series Khaleh Sara (Aunt Sara) and her portrayal of Leili in the popular TV show Khaneye Sabz (The Green House).Faghih Nasiri was born in Tehran and spent her childhood in various cities around Iran because of her father's job. She was married to Iranian actor Fariborz Arabnia until their divorce in 1999.
<Order_of_the_Red_Eagle>	The Order of the Red Eagle (German: Roter Adlerorden) was an order of chivalry of the Kingdom of Prussia. It was awarded to both military personnel and civilians, to recognize valor in combat, excellence in military leadership, long and faithful service to the kingdom, or other achievements. As with most German (and most other European) orders, the Order of the Red Eagle could only be awarded to commissioned officers or civilians of approximately equivalent status. However, there was a medal of the order, which could be awarded to non-commissioned officers and enlisted men, lower ranking civil servants and other civilians.The predecessor to the Order of the Red Eagle was founded on 17 November 1705, by the Margrave Georg Wilhelm of Brandenburg-Bayreuth as the Ordre de la Sincerité. This soon fell into disuse but was revived in 1712 in Brandenburg-Bayreuth and again in 1734 in Brandenburg-Ansbach, where it first received the name of "Order of the Brandenburg Red Eagle". The statutes were changed in 1777 and the order named therein as the "Order of the Red Eagle". The order was conferred in one class, limited to fifty knights.The Kingdom of Prussia absorbed both Brandenburg-Bayreuth and Brandenburg-Ansbach in January 1792, and on 12 June 1792, King Frederick William II again revived the order as a Prussian royal order. After the Order of the Black Eagle, the Order of the Red Eagle was the second highest order of the kingdom in order of precedence. Every Knight of the Black Eagle now automatically became a member of the contemporary highest class of the Order of the Red Eagle.
<Oberon_Media>	Oberon Media was a multi-platform casual games company, delivering casual games across online, social, mobile/Smartphone, interactive TV and retail categories. Oberon games were adopted by global digital and media companies, such as Acer, Microsoft, AT&T, Yahoo!, Electronic Arts, and Orange France. Oberon Media's game publishing division, I-play, worked with game developers to produce casual games across online, social, mobile/Smartphone, console and iTV platforms. Founded in 2003, Oberon Media was headquartered in New York with offices in North America, Europe and Asia, and was backed by Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley and Oak Investment Partners.  Co-founder Jane Jensen is the designer of the popular and critically acclaimed Gabriel Knight adventure games.
<UIMA>	UIMA (/juˈiːmə/ yoo-EE-mə), short for Unstructured Information Management Architecture, is an OASIS standard  for content analytics, originally developed at IBM.  It provides a component software architecture for the development, discovery, composition, and deployment of multi-modal analytics for the analysis of unstructured information and integration with search technologies.The UIMA architecture can be thought of in four dimensions:Apache UIMA, a reference implementation of UIMA, is maintained by the Apache Software Foundation.
<Patrick_J._Adams>	Patrick Johannes Adams (born August 27, 1981) is a Canadian actor. He is known for playing Mike Ross, a college dropout turned unlicensed lawyer in USA Network's series Suits. For his role in Suits, Adams was nominated for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Drama Series at the 18th Screen Actors Guild Awards.Adams was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. His mother is Rowan Marsh. His father is journalist Claude Adams. He attended Northern Secondary School.
<Ardeshir_Zahedi>	Ardeshir Zahedi, GCVO (Persian: اردشیر زاهدی;  16 October 1928 – 18 November 2021) was an Iranian politician and diplomat who served as the country's foreign minister from 1966 to 1971, and its ambassador to the United States and the United Kingdom during the 1960s and 1970s.Born in Tehran on 16 October 1928, he was the son of General Fazlollah Zahedi, who served as prime minister after participating in the CIA-led coup which led to the fall of Mohammed Mossadegh, and wife Khadijeh Pirnia.
<Buffalo,_New_York>	Buffalo is the second-largest city in the U.S. state of New York (behind only New York City) and the seat of Erie County. It is at the eastern end of Lake Erie, at the head of the Niagara River, and is across the Canadian border from Southern Ontario. With a population of 278,349 according to the 2020 census, Buffalo is the 78th-largest city in the United States. The city and nearby Niagara Falls together make up the two-county Buffalo–Niagara Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA), which had an estimated population of 1.1 million in 2020, making it the 49th largest MSA in the United States. Buffalo is in Western New York, which is the largest population and economic center between Boston and Cleveland.Before the 17th century, the region was inhabited by nomadic Paleo-Indians who were succeeded by the Neutral, Erie, and Iroquois nations. In the early 17th century, the French began to explore the region. In the 18th century, Iroquois land surrounding Buffalo Creek was ceded through the Holland Land Purchase, and a small village was established at its headwaters. In 1825, after its harbor was improved, Buffalo was selected as the terminus of the Erie Canal, which led to its incorporation in 1832. The canal stimulated its growth as the primary inland port between the Great Lakes and the Atlantic Ocean. Transshipment made Buffalo the world's largest grain port of that era. After the coming of railroads reduced the canal's importance, the city became the second-largest railway hub (after Chicago). During the mid-19th century, Buffalo transitioned to manufacturing, which came to be dominated by steel production. Later, deindustrialization and the opening of the St. Lawrence Seaway saw the city's economy decline and diversify. It developed its service industries, such as health care, retail, tourism, logistics, and education, while retaining some manufacturing. In 2019, the gross domestic product of the Buffalo–Niagara Falls MSA was $53 billion.
<Şadan_Fişek>	Şadan Fişek (28 February 1922 – 23 July 2002) was president of the Association Culturelle Turquie France, a cultural association between France and Turkey and founding member of the Association for Development of Early Childhood Education in Turkey. She received the French Légion d'Honneur in 1989.
<Darren_Ritchie_(actor)>	Darren Ritchie (born 1977 in South Carolina) is an American actor and singer, originally from Florida.Currently Tours internationally with the UK X factor famed group "Tenors Of Rock". Mr. Ritchie is also a principal singer for the California Philharmonic Symphony as well as a singer for the US and international singing group "Broadway Rox". He is perhaps best known for originating the role of the White Knight/Jack On Broadway in Wildhorn's Wonderland: Alice's New Musical Adventure he also originated the role of Jonathan Harker in Frank Wildhorn's Broadway production of Dracula, the Musical in 2004. He has also appeared in featured roles in the Broadway revivals of Little Shop of Horrors, 2003, and Bells are Ringing, 2001, (as Blake Barton). He appeared in the world premiere of Wildhorn's Camille Claudel, at the Goodspeed Opera House, Norma Terris Theatre, in 2003, understudying the role of Paul Claudel.
<Jerry_Reinsdorf>	Jerry Michael Reinsdorf (born February 25, 1936) is the owner of the NBA's Chicago Bulls and MLB's Chicago White Sox.  He started his professional life as a tax attorney with the Internal Revenue Service. He has been the owner of the White Sox and Bulls for over 35 years. As of November 2021, his net worth was estimated at US$1.7 billion.He made his initial fortune in real estate, taking advantage of the Frank Lyon Co. v. United States decision by the United States Supreme Court which allowed economic owners of realty to sell property and lease it back, while transferring the tax deduction for depreciation to the title owner.
<Loblaw_Companies>	Loblaw Companies Limited is a Canadian retailer encompassing corporate and franchise supermarkets operating under 22 regional and market-segment banners (including Loblaws), as well as pharmacies, banking and apparel. Loblaw operates a private label program that includes grocery and household items, clothing, baby products, pharmaceuticals, cellular phones, general merchandise and financial services. Loblaw is the largest Canadian food retailer, and its brands include President's Choice, No Name and Joe Fresh.Most of Loblaw's 136,000 full-time and part-time employees are members of the United Food and Commercial Workers, with the exception of workers at The Real Canadian Wholesale Club in Alberta, who are members of the Christian Labour Association of Canada.[citation needed]
<William_C._Durant>	William Crapo Durant (December 8, 1861 – March 18, 1947) was a leading pioneer of the United States automobile industry and co-founder of General Motors and Chevrolet. He created a system in which a company held multiple marques – each seemingly independent, with different automobile lines – bound under a unified corporate holding company. Durant, along with Frederic L. Smith, co-founded General Motors, as well as Chevrolet with Louis Chevrolet. He also founded Frigidaire.Born in Boston, Massachusetts, Durant was the son of William Clark Durant and Rebecca Folger Durant (née Crapo), who was born to a wealthy Massachusetts family of French descent. His mother, Rebecca, was the daughter of Michigan governor Henry H. Crapo, who was also of French descent. William dropped out of high school to work in his grandfather's lumberyard. He started out as a cigar salesman in Flint, Michigan, and eventually founded his own carriage company.In 1886, Durant partnered with Josiah Dallas Dort and founded Flint Road Cart Company, eventually transforming $2,000 ($60,319 in 2021 dollars ) in start-up capital into a $2-million company with worldwide sales ($60,318,519 in 2021 dollars ).  By 1890, the Durant-Dort Carriage Company, based in Flint, had become a leading manufacturer of horse-drawn vehicles and by the start of the 20th century, was the largest in the US.
<Bo_Schembechler>	Glenn Edward "Bo" Schembechler Jr. (/ˈʃɛmbɛklər/ SHEM-bek-lər; April 1, 1929 – November 17, 2006) was an American football player, coach, and athletics administrator.  He served as the head football coach at Miami University from 1963 to 1968 and at the University of Michigan from 1969 to 1989, compiling a career record of 234–65–8.  Only Nick Saban, Joe Paterno and Tom Osborne have recorded 200 victories in fewer games as a coach in major college football. In his 21 seasons as the head coach of the Michigan Wolverines, Schembechler's teams amassed a record of 194–48–5 and won or shared 13 Big Ten Conference titles.  Though his Michigan teams never won a national championship, in all but one season they finished ranked, and 16 times they placed in the final top ten of both major polls.Schembechler played college football as a tackle at Miami University, where in 1949 and 1950 he was coached by Woody Hayes, for whom he served as an assistant coach at Ohio State University in 1952 and from 1958 to 1962.  In his first ten years at Michigan, Schembechler's teams squared off in a fierce rivalry against Hayes's Buckeyes squads.  During that stretch in the Michigan–Ohio State football rivalry, dubbed the "Ten-Year War," Hayes and Schembechler's teams won or shared the Big Ten Conference crown every season and usually each placed in the national rankings.
<Groves_Stadium_(1940)>	Groves Stadium, currently known as Trentini Stadium, is a stadium in Wake Forest, North Carolina, United States.  It hosted the Wake Forest University Demon Deacons football team until the school moved to Winston-Salem, North Carolina and Bowman Gray Stadium.  Since then, the stadium has hosted the homes games of Wake Forest High School.  The stadium held 20,000 people at its peak and was opened in 1940.  It is currently named after former Wake Forest University player and coach of Wake Forest-Rolesville High School, Tony Trentini.  Wake Forest University's current home stadium was also known as Groves Stadium until 2006.This article about a sports venue in North Carolina is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Max_Handelman>	Max Handelman (born May 3, 1973) is an American sportswriter, producer, and blogger. He co-wrote the book Why Fantasy Football Matters: (And Our Lives Do Not) with Erik Barmack. Handelman is married to actress Elizabeth Banks. Handelman co-founded the production company Brownstone Productions, whose first film, Surrogates, was released in 2009.Handelman was born and raised in Portland, Oregon, in a Jewish family. Handelman attended Catlin Gabel School, graduating in 1991. He received his bachelor's degree from the University of Pennsylvania in 1995, where he was a member of the Alpha Epsilon Pi fraternity, and received an MBA degree from UCLA in 2003.Handelman co-founded the production company Brownstone Productions alongside wife Elizabeth Banks. Their first film, Surrogates, was released in 2009. The company is best known for the Pitch Perfect films.
<Atlantic_City,_New_Jersey>	Atlantic City, often known by its initials A.C., is a coastal resort city in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. The city is known for its casinos, boardwalk, and beaches. In 2020, the city had a population of 38,497. It was incorporated on May 1, 1854, from portions of Egg Harbor Township and Galloway Township. It is located on Absecon Island and borders Absecon, Brigantine, Pleasantville, Ventnor City, Egg Harbor Township, and the Atlantic Ocean.Atlantic City inspired the U.S. version of the board game Monopoly, which is reflected in the use of Atlantic City street names in the game. Since 1921, Atlantic City has been the home of the Miss America pageant. In 1976, New Jersey voters legalized casino gambling in Atlantic City, and the first casino opened in 1978. Geographically, the city is part of the South Jersey region.
<Ki_Tae-young>	Ki Tae-young (born Kim Yong-woo on December 9, 1978) is a South Korean actor. Ki made his acting debut in 1997, and went on to play leading roles in the television dramas Creating Destiny (2009), Living in Style (2011), and Make a Wish (2014). He also released an EP in 2012.He married his Creating Destiny co-star Eugene on July 23, 2011. Their first child, a daughter named Ro-hee, was born in 03 April 2015. And another girl, Ro-rin on 18 August 2018. He is loved by viewers for starring on KBS 2 Superman Returns on January 24, 2016.
<Lili_St._Cyr>	Marie Frances Van Schaack (June 3, 1918 – January 29, 1999), known professionally as Lili St. Cyr, was a prominent American burlesque dancer and stripper.St. Cyr was born Willis Marie Van Schaack in Minneapolis, Minnesota, on June 3, 1918. Her maternal half-sister Rosemary Minsky (married to Harold Minsky née Van Schaack; born 1924) was also a burlesque dancer and stripper under the stage name Dardy Orlando, appearing on The Ellen DeGeneres Show in 2004. The sisters, and Barbara Moffett, were raised by their grandparents, the Klarquists.
<Jane_M._Oppenheimer>	Jane Marion Oppenheimer (1911–1996) was an American embryologist and historian of science.Oppenheimer was born in Philadelphia, the only child of James H. Oppenheimer and Sylvia Stern. Her father, a physician, encouraged physical activity: sports at school and a personalized exercise regimen at home. She was tutored in French and piano, and developed a love of classical music, fine food, and travel. Oppenheimer's interests in Art were eclectic. The collection she donated to Bryn Mawr includes jade, ivory, and bronze objects, landscape watercolors, and etchings by Pablo Picasso, Jacques Villon, Auguste Rodin, and Leonard Baskin.Oppenheimer graduated from Bryn Mawr College (1932) and earned a Ph.D. in Zoology from Yale University (1935). She met John Spangler Nicholas as an undergraduate attending summer classes at the Woods Hole Marine Biological Laboratory. She later studied under Nicholas at Yale, where she was also influenced by Ross Granville Harrison. Oppenheimer used Nicholas's method of dechorionating embryos of the killifish, Fundulus heteroclitus, which allowed her to perform precise manipulations of teleost embryos.
<Florence_Meyer_Blumenthal>	Florence Meyer Blumenthal (1875–1930) was an American philanthropist who founded the Fondation franco-américaine Florence Blumenthal (Franco-American Florence Blumenthal Foundation), which awarded the Prix Blumenthal from 1919-1954 to painters, sculptors, decorators, engravers, writers, and musicians — to promote Franco- American relations.For their altruism, Florence Blumenthal and her husband George Blumenthal received the French Legion of Honor in 1929.  Both a street as well as a public square in Paris are named in her honor.Florence Meyer was born in Los Angeles in 1875, the third of eight children of Marc Eugene Meyer, dry goods merchant from Strasbourg, France, and Harriet Newmark Meyer, daughter of Joseph Newmark, who founded New York's Elm Street Synagogue.  Florence's younger brother Eugene Meyer Jr. was president and publisher of The Washington Post. In 1898, Florence married international financier George Blumenthal. In 1919, she  organized the La Fondation américaine Blumenthal pour la pensée et l’art français (American Foundation for French Art and Thought) in Paris to discover young French artists, aid them financially, and in the process draw the United States and France closer together through art, thought, and literature.
<Financial_News_Network>	The Financial News Network (FNN) was an American financial and business news television network that was launched November 30, 1981. The purpose of the network was to broadcast programming nationwide, five days a week for seven hours a day on thirteen stations, in an effort to expand the availability of business news for public dissemination. FNN was founded by Glen H. Taylor, a former minister of the Christian Church from 1950—1956, and producer of films for the California Department of Education. The channel was purchased by NBC in February 1991, and operations were integrated with rival cable financial news network, CNBC, on May 21, 1991.[W]e had no resources, we had no money. Most every interview was a phoner and we covered it with graphics or videotape, which actually got so stale that at one point the stock market floor videotape that we used, [...] was so old that we got a call from somebody at the New York Stock Exchange, and [...] he said, "You know that guy that's in the shot on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange? He's been dead for two years."Former presenter Ron Insana in 2004, 
<James_Craig_Watson_Medal>	The James Craig Watson Medal was established by the bequest of James Craig Watson, an astronomer the University of Michigan between 1863 and 1879, and is awarded every 1-4 years by the U.S. National Academy of Sciences for contributions to astronomy.Source:National Academy of Sciences
<Emtek>	PT Elang Mahkota Teknologi Tbk, trading as Emtek, is an Indonesian technology, telecommunication and media conglomerate headquartered in Jakarta. As of 2013, it is Indonesia's second largest media company. It is the parent company for subsidiaries which include pay television service Nex Parabola and five television networks – SCTV, Indosiar, Moji, Ajwa TV [id], and Mentari TV [id]. It was established in 1983 by Eddy Kusnadi Sariaatmadja [id]. Currently, the company is headed by Alvin Widarta Sariaatmadja as its president director.The company was established in 1983 as PT Elang Mahkota Komputer as a distributor of Compaq computers. In 1998, PT Elang Mahkota Komputer renamed itself into PT Elang Mahkota Teknologi.On 9 August 2004, the company launched a local television station – O Channel, along with the MRA Media Group. In 2007, Emtek took full control of the station. In 2008, the group took control of Surya Citra Media (SCTV). In November 2011, Emtek launched a subscription TV operator, named NexMedia. Emtek as an Official Broadcaster of the 2018 Asian Games for the Indonesian Olympic Committee.As of 28 February 2021, Emtek ownership is as follows:
<Eric_Burhop>	Eric Henry Stoneley Burhop, FRS (31 January 1911 – 22 January 1980) was an Australian physicist and humanitarian.A graduate of the University of Melbourne, Burhop was awarded an 1851 Exhibition Scholarship to study at the Cavendish Laboratory under Lord Rutherford. Under the supervision of Mark Oliphant, he investigated nuclear fusion. He produced a non-relativistic theory of the Auger effect in 1935, followed by a relativistic treatment the following year. He later wrote a monograph on the subject. He returned to the University of Melbourne as a lecturer in 1936, and helped Professor Thomas Laby build up the physics department there.
<Marvin_Humes>	Marvin Richard James Humes (born 18 March 1985) is an English singer, disc jockey, television presenter and radio host who used to present the Monday–Thursday late night show across the Capital Network. He previously hosted The Official Big Top 40 chart show across UK commercial radio stations on a Sunday afternoon, between 2013 & 2018.He is best known as a member of the 4-piece boyband JLS, the runner-up boyband to Alexandra Burke in the fifth series of The X Factor. After a successful five years, JLS split in December 2013, but reunited in February 2020.
<Brentwood,_Los_Angeles>	Brentwood is a suburban neighborhood in the Westside region of Los Angeles. Modern development began after the establishment of the 600-acre (2.4 km2) Pacific Branch of the National Home for Disabled Soldiers and Sailors in the 1880s. A small community sprang up outside that facility's west gate, taking on the name Westgate. Annexed by the City of Los Angeles on June 14, 1916, Westgate's 49 sq mi (130 km2) included large parts of what is now the Pacific Palisades and a small portion of today's Bel-Air. Westgate Avenue is one of the last reminders of that namesake.
<John_Cunliffe_(author)>	John Arthur Cunliffe (16 June 1933 – 20 September 2018) was an English children's book author and television presenter who created the characters of Postman Pat and Rosie and Jim.Cunliffe was born in Colne, Lancashire, the only child of Nelly and Arthur Cunliffe. His father left the family when John was a baby. His great-uncle Herbert introduced him to the literary works of Charles Dickens and William Shakespeare, and let him use the microscope he kept in his front room. Cunliffe was very tall for his age, and bullied at school because of this. He attended Colne Grammar School, and later lived in Kendal, Westmorland, where the area's small towns and villages provided inspiration for his most famous character, Postman Pat. 'Greendale', where Cunliffe's character and series are set, are based on the valley of Longsleddale, near Kendal. Cunliffe worked for many years as a librarian, and also as a teacher at Castle Park Primary School.
<Pocahontas_(character)>	Pocahontas is the titular character of Walt Disney Pictures' 33rd animated feature film Pocahontas (1995). The character and the events she goes through are loosely based on the actual historical figure Pocahontas, making her the first Disney Princess not to be based on a fairytale or folktale but rather a real historical figure. She is also the first to technically not be a princess, as she is not of royalty nor does she marry into royalty. She is, however, a Chieftain's daughter, which can arguably be the equivalent of a princess. Pocahontas, as the daughter of a Native American Tsenacommacah-paramount chief of the Powhatan paramountcy, is the first American Disney Princess. In Disney's animated 1995 film of the same name, she is voiced by Native American actress Irene Bedard, who was also one of the physical models for the character, and her singing vocals were performed by Broadway singer Judy Kuhn. Pocahontas is the seventh member of the Disney Princess line-up.
<Emma_Thompson>	Dame Emma Thompson DBE (born 15 April 1959) is a British actress. Described as one of the best actresses of her generation, she has received various accolades throughout her career spanning four decades, including two Academy Awards, two British Academy Film Awards, two Golden Globes, a British Academy Television Award and a Primetime Emmy Award.Born in London to English actor Eric Thompson and Scottish actress Phyllida Law, Thompson was educated at Newnham College, University of Cambridge, where she became a member of the Footlights troupe, and appeared in the comedy sketch series Alfresco (1983–1984). In 1985, she starred in the West End revival of the musical Me and My Girl, which was a breakthrough in her career. In 1987, she came to prominence for her performances in two BBC TV series, Tutti Frutti and Fortunes of War, winning the BAFTA TV Award for Best Actress for her work in both series. In the early 1990s, she often collaborated with then-husband, actor and director Kenneth Branagh, in films such as Henry V (1989), Dead Again (1991), and Much Ado About Nothing (1993).
<Ștefan_Neaga>	Ștefan Neaga (Moldavian Cyrillic: Штефан Няга, Russian: Степан Тимофеевич Няга; 7 December [O.S. 24 November] 1900 – 30 May 1951) was a Moldavian and Soviet composer. He was the son of the Moldavian "Lautar" folk musician Timofei Neaga. From an early age he was a pianist in his father's orchestra. At the age of 18, he graduated with high distinction the School of Music in Chisinau in the class of piano of the prominent teacher and pianist Juliy (Idely) Guz. By that time he met the Romanian virtuoso Grigoraș Dinicu who invited him in his ensemble as a concert pianist, accompagnateur and arranger.  In 1920 he entered the class of piano at the National University of Music Bucharest. He did not finish his course in composition due to his concert tours as a virtuoso pianist whose repertoire included works of Bach, Beethoven, Tchaikovsky, Chopin, Liszt, Debussy, Ravel, R. Strauss, etc.In 1926 he entered again the Academy of Music, Theater and Fine arts in the class of composition of  Dimitrie Cuclin. There he was absorbed by the enthusiasm of composing, and, after graduating the Academy (in 1931), he decided to go to Paris where he met again Grigoraș Dinicu. There he was advised to enter École Normale de Musique de Paris in the class of composition of Nadia Boulanger, piano - with Alfred Cortot, and conducting - with Charles Munch.
<David_Lander>	David L. Lander (born David Leonard Landau, June 22, 1947 – December 4, 2020) was an American actor, comedian, musician, and baseball scout. He was best known for his portrayal of Andrew "Squiggy" Squiggman in the ABC sitcom Laverne & Shirley. He also served as a Goodwill ambassador for the National Multiple Sclerosis Society.David Leonard Landau was born  in Brooklyn, New York, the youngest son of two Jewish schoolteacher parents, Stella (Goldman) and Saul Landau.
<Hans_Adolf_Krebs>	Sir Hans Adolf Krebs, FRS (/krɛbz, krɛps/, German: [hans ˈʔaːdɔlf ˈkʁeːps] (listen); 25 August 1900 – 22 November 1981) was a German-born British biologist, physician and biochemist. He was a pioneer scientist in the study of cellular respiration, a biochemical process in living cells that extracts energy from food and oxygen and makes it available to drive the processes of life. He is best known for his discoveries of two important sequences of chemical reactions that take place in the cells of humans and many other organisms, namely the citric acid cycle and the urea cycle. The former, often eponymously known as the "Krebs cycle", is the key sequence of metabolic reactions that provides energy in the cells of humans and other oxygen-respiring organisms; and its discovery earned Krebs a Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1953. With Hans Kornberg, he also discovered the glyoxylate cycle, which is a slight variation of the citric acid cycle found in plants, bacteria, protists, and fungi. Krebs died in 1981 in Oxford, where he had spent 13 years of his career from 1954 until his retirement in 1967 at the University of Oxford.
<Knights_of_Columbus>	The Knights of Columbus (K of C) is a global Catholic fraternal service order founded by Michael J. McGivney on March 29, 1882. Membership is limited to practicing Catholic men. It is led by Patrick E. Kelly, the order's 14th Supreme Knight.The organization was founded in March 1882 as a mutual benefit society for working-class and immigrant Catholics in the United States. In addition to providing an insurance system for its members, its charter states that it endeavors "to promote such social and intellectual intercourse among its members as shall be desirable and proper". It has grown to support refugee relief, Catholic education, local parishes and dioceses, and global Catholic social and political causes. The Knights promote the Catholic view on public policy issues, including opposition to same-sex marriage and abortion.
<Teresa_Palmer>	Teresa Mary Palmer (born 26 February 1986) is an Australian actress. She began her career with roles in Bedtime Stories (2008), The Sorcerer's Apprentice (2010), Take Me Home Tonight (2011), and I Am Number Four (2011). She received further recognition for starring in the films Warm Bodies (2013), Lights Out (2016), Hacksaw Ridge (2016), and Berlin Syndrome (2017). She also starred in, co-wrote, and co-produced the drama film The Ever After (2014), with her husband Mark Webber. From 2018 to 2022, Palmer starred as Diana Bishop in the supernatural drama series A Discovery of Witches.Palmer was born and raised in Adelaide, South Australia, the only child of Kevin Palmer, an investor, and Paula Sanders, a former nurse and missionary. Her parents separated when she was three, and divorced in 1992 when she was six.  She has a stepmother, Kaaren Palmer, as well as two half-sisters and two stepbrothers, who lived with her father. Palmer stated to Interview that she "came from rather humble beginnings"; she lived in public housing with her mother, while regularly visiting her father at his farm near Mylor in the Adelaide Hills (which she later purchased as an adult). Palmer was named after Mother Teresa by her mother, and has stated that she had a "tough upbringing" due to her mother's manic depression.
<Ultrabook>	Ultrabook is a marketing term, originated and trademarked by Intel, for a category of high-end laptop computers. They were originally marketed as featuring ultra thin form factor and light weight design without compromising battery life or performance, and when the term was originated they generally were enough smaller than average laptop models to qualify as subnotebooks.As ultrabook features became more mainstream in the mid-late 2010s, explicitly branding laptop models as ultrabooks became much less frequent.  As of 2021, while Intel maintains the Ultrabook trademark, it is rarely used for new models and has been superseded in Intel's own marketing by the Intel Evo branding.
<Carmel_Cryan>	Carmel Cryan (born 8 July 1949) is an English actress, known for the role of Brenda Boyle in the BBC soap opera EastEnders. She was the wife of the actor Roy Kinnear (1934–1988).Cryan was born in London. She was married to the actor Roy Kinnear until his death in 1988. They had three children together, including Rory Kinnear, who is also an actor; and Kirsty, who works as a casting assistant. The couple's elder daughter, Karina (1972–2020), who was born quadriplegic and had learning difficulties, died from COVID-19. In May 2014 Cryan was appointed as a trustee to Choice Support, a charitable trust that provides care to disabled people and people with learning disabilities.[citation needed]In June 2008, she was cast as Brenda Boyle in EastEnders, a love interest for Charlie Slater (actor Derek Martin). She signed a six-month contract in August 2008. Cryan was written out of EastEnders in August 2009 when Brenda emigrated to Madeira with Charlie.
<E._P._Taylor>	Edward Plunket Taylor, CMG (January 29, 1901 – May 14, 1989) was a Canadian business tycoon, investor and philanthropist. He was a famous breeder of Thoroughbred race horses, and a major force behind the evolution of the Canadian horse-racing industry. Known to his friends as "Eddie", he is all but universally recorded as "E. P. Taylor".Taylor was the first child of Plunket Bourchier Taylor and Florence Magee Taylor. Taylor attended Ashbury College and Ottawa Collegiate. During World War I, his father enlisted and the family moved to London, England. After Taylor attempted several times to join the British Army, his father sent him back to Ottawa to live with his grandfather Charles Magee, a wealthy Ottawa businessman. The time spent with Magee had a profound influence on Taylor, who decided he wanted to be successful in business like Magee. In 1918, Taylor moved to Montreal to attend McGill University, having to work part-time to pay his way. That fall, Taylor's studies were interrupted when McGill closed during the Spanish Flu epidemic. Returning the next winter, Taylor graduated in 1922 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering.
<ACID_Pro>	Acid Pro (often stylized ACID) is a professional digital audio workstation (DAW) software program currently developed by Magix Software. It was originally called Acid pH1 and published by Sonic Foundry, later by Sony Creative Software as Acid Pro, and since spring 2018 by Magix as both Acid Pro and a simplified version, Acid Music Studio.  Acid Pro 8 (the current version as of 2019[update]) supports 32-bit and 64-bit architectures, and has MIDI, ASIO, VST, VST3, DirectX Audio, and 5.1 surround sound support.Acid was first launched in 1998, as Acid pH1, by Sonic Foundry in Madison, Wisconsin. It was a loop-based music sequencer, in which Acid Loop files could be simply drag-and-dropped then automatically adjust to the tempo and key of a song with virtually no sonic degradation.A website for budding musicians using Acid technology was set up, named AcidPlanet.com.  The software became very popular in the late 1990s and early 2000s among composers, producers, and DJs interested in quickly creating beats, music textures, or complete compositions and orchestrations, that would work with virtually any tempo or key signature.
<Honolulu>	Honolulu (/ˌhɒnəˈluːluː/; Hawaiian: [honoˈlulu]) is the capital and largest city of the U.S. state of Hawaii, which is in the Pacific Ocean. It is an unincorporated county seat of the consolidated City and County of Honolulu, situated along the southeast coast of the island of Oʻahu, and is the westernmost and southernmost major U.S. city. Honolulu is Hawaii's main gateway to the world. It is also a major hub for business, finance, hospitality, and military defense in both the state and Oceania. The city is characterized by a mix of various Asian, Western, and Pacific cultures, reflected in its diverse demography, cuisine, and traditions.Honolulu means "sheltered harbor" or "calm port" in Hawaiian; its old name, Kou, roughly encompasses the area from Nuʻuanu Avenue to Alakea Street and from Hotel Street to Queen Street, which is the heart of the present downtown district. The city's desirability as a port accounts for its historical growth and importance in the Hawaiian archipelago and the broader Pacific region. Honolulu has been the capital of the Hawaiian Islands since 1845, first of the independent Hawaiian Kingdom, and after 1898 of the U.S. territory and state of Hawaii. The city gained worldwide recognition following Japan's attack on nearby Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, which prompted decisive entry of the U.S. into World War II; the harbor remains a major naval base, hosting the U.S. Pacific Fleet, the world's largest naval command.
<Tom_Bridgeland>	Thomas Andrew Bridgeland FRS (born 1973) is a Professor of Mathematics at the University of Sheffield.  He was a senior research fellow in 2011–2013 at All Souls College, Oxford and, since 2013, remains as a Quondam Fellow. He is most well-known for defining Bridgeland stability conditions on triangulated categories.Bridgeland was educated at Shelley High School in Huddersfield and Christ's College, Cambridge, where he studied the Mathematical Tripos in the University of Cambridge, graduating with a first class degree in mathematics in 1994 and a distinction in Part III the following year. He completed his PhD at the University of Edinburgh, where he also stayed for a postdoctoral research position.[citation needed]
<Ernie_Pannell>	Ernest Woodrow Pannell (February 2, 1917 – September 24, 1998) was a player in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the sixteenth round of the 1941 NFL Draft and played three seasons with the team.
<Xerez_CD>	Xerez Club Deportivo, known simply as Xerez, is a Spanish football team based in Jerez de la Frontera, in the autonomous community of Andalusia. Xerez currently plays in Tercera División RFEF, the fifth tier of Spanish football.Founded on 24 September 1947, The club's biggest success came in 2009, when they managed to play in La Liga for the first time for the 2009–10 season. Xerez finished in last place however, and was relegated. After several seasons of financial problems, the team was eventually relegated all the way to the fifth tier by 2016.Team colours are usually blue shirt and socks, and white shorts.
<Pontiac_Bonneville>	The Pontiac Bonneville is an automobile built by Pontiac from 1957 until 2005. Bonnevilles were full-sized, with the exception of a brief period of mid-size between 1982 and 1986. The brand was introduced as a limited production performance convertible during the 1957 model year. The Bonneville (known as the Parisienne in Canada until 1981), and its platform partner, the Grand Ville, are some of the largest Pontiacs ever built; in station wagon body styles they reached just over 230 inches (5.8 m) long, and at 5,000 pounds (2,300 kg) and more were also some of the heaviest cars produced at the time.The name was taken from the Bonneville Salt Flats in Utah, the site of much early auto racing and most of the world's land speed record runs, which was named in turn after U.S. Army officer Benjamin Bonneville.The Bonneville name first appeared in 1954 on a pair of bubble-topped GM Motorama concept cars called the Bonneville Special, sharing an appearance with the Chevrolet Corvette. It was also the beginning of a new tradition of Pontiac vehicles using French words for model names.
<Danielle_Schneider>	Danielle Caroline Schneider (born January 1, 1975) is an American actress, writer, and improvisational comedian from the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre. She co-created and starred in the Hulu reality TV parody series The Hotwives and currently co-hosts (alongside Casey Wilson) the Earwolf podcast Bitch Sesh.Schneider originally hails from Atlanta, Georgia, before moving to Boca Raton, Florida at age 13. She graduated in 1993 from Spanish River Community High School. She is a graduate of New York University's Tisch School of the Arts.Schneider appeared regularly as a panelist on Best Week Ever and various other VH1 commentary programs. She has played a Paris Hilton-like debutante on Fox's My Big Fat Obnoxious Boss, she starred in Trio's The Pop Culture Round-Up: White Noise, Comedy Central's Contest Searchlight with Denis Leary, was a cast member of VH1's prank show Sledgehammer, guest-starred on NBC's Happy Family and Comedy Central's Crossballs.  Schneider has appeared on Late Night with Conan O'Brien and voiced various characters on MTV's Celebrity Deathmatch and the PBS Kids GO! series WordGirl. She also co-starred as Krista in the Spike TV improvised comedy series Players in 2010.
<Chris_Innis>	Christina Jean "Chris" Innis is an American film editor and filmmaker. She was awarded the 2010 Academy Award, BAFTA, and ACE awards for "Best Film Editing" on the film The Hurt Locker shared with co-editor, Bob Murawski. She is an elected member of the American Cinema Editors (ACE) and has served as an associate director on the board.Innis was born and raised in San Diego, California, the daughter of architect Donald Innis and his wife, teacher and floral designer Virginia.Chris Innis moved to the San Francisco Bay Area where she graduated from U.C. Berkeley, majoring in film studies. While a student at Cal Berkeley, Innis interned for several San Francisco production companies, including the commercial company owned and operated by cinematographer Ron Eveslage.
<Ismail_Kadare>	Ismail Kadare (Albanian pronunciation: [ismaˈil kadaˈɾe]; spelled Ismaïl Kadaré in French; born on 28 January 1936) is an Albanian novelist, poet, essayist, screenwriter, and playwright. He is a leading international literary figure and intellectual. He focused on poetry until the publication of his first novel, The General of the Dead Army, which made him famous internationally.In 1992, Kadare was awarded the Prix mondial Cino Del Duca; in 1998, the Herder Prize; in 2005, the inaugural Man Booker International Prize; in 2009, the Prince of Asturias Award of Arts; and in 2015, the Jerusalem Prize. He was awarded the Park Kyong-ni Prize in 2019, and the Neustadt International Prize for Literature in 2020. In 1996, France made him a foreign associate of the Académie des Sciences Morales et Politiques of France, and in 2016, he was a Commandeur de la Légion d'Honneur recipient. He has been nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature 15 times. Since the 1990s, Kadare has been asked  by both major political parties in Albania to become a consensual President of Albania, but has declined.
<Olympic_Village_(Montreal)>	The Olympic Village is a twin-tower structure in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, built as the athletes' residence for the 1976 Summer Olympics. Designed by architects Roger D'Astous and Luc Durand, it was built massively over budget by a consortium of architects, including Joseph Zappia, who was later convicted of fraud in connection with his involvement with the building.Construction was overseen by René Lépine, Chairman of Groupe Lépine, and his associates through the company Zarolega Inc. Construction overruns were so drastic that the Olympic Installations Board seized the complex after its original estimate of $30 million ballooned to $90 million.The Olympic Village is situated in Rosemont–La Petite-Patrie, with the entrance on the northeast corner of Sherbrooke Street East and Viau Street and the building extending along Sherbrooke Street as far as De L'Assomption Boulevard. Its design was chosen by Mayor Jean Drapeau to imitate a similar structure in the south of France and was criticized for its exposed walkways, as some noted that they were unsuitable for a winter climate.
<Telemedia>	Telemedia was a Canadian media company, which had holdings in radio, television and magazine publishing.The company was launched in 1968 by Philippe de Gaspé Beaubien, when he purchased CKAC in Montreal from Power Corporation of Canada.  CKAC remained the company's radio flagship for its entire existence.Telemedia was held privately until it became publicly traded in the late 1980s.
<The_Subject_Was_Roses_(film)>	The Subject Was Roses is a 1968 American Metrocolor drama film directed by Ulu Grosbard. The screenplay by Frank D. Gilroy is based on his 1964 Pulitzer Prize-winning play of the same title.The film stars Patricia Neal, Martin Sheen and Jack Albertson. Albertson won an Academy Award as best supporting actor and Neal was nominated as best actress.Returning to his Bronx home following World War II, Timmy Cleary (Martin Sheen) discovers his middle class parents have drifted apart and constantly quarrel at the least provocation. Once closer to his mother Nettie (Patricia Neal), the young veteran finds himself bonding with his salesman father, John (Jack Albertson), but he tries to remain neutral when intervening in their disputes.
<The_Year_of_the_Dragon_(play)>	The Year of the Dragon is a play written by Chinese American playwright Frank Chin. It is one of the first plays by an Asian American playwright to be produced on a mainstream New York stage. It premiered in 1974 at the American Place Theatre, and starred Randall Duk Kim, who had played the lead in Chin's earlier play, The Chickencoop Chinaman. The rest of the cast included Pat Suzuki, Tina Chen, Conrad Yama, Lilah Kan, Doug Higgins, and Keenan Shimizu.The play portrays a Chinese American family in Chinatown, San Francisco during Chinese New Year. Chin wrote the play as a critique of the racism in American society, and the play satirizes "American tourists who eroticize, objectify, and commodify Chinatown and its residents."A television production of the play was filmed by PBS for Great Performances in 1975 with George Takei replacing Kim as Fred, after Kim declined the television adaptation for artistic reasons, feeling that there would not be an adequate amount of rehearsal time for the adaptation to work. The rest of the original cast appeared in the PBS production.
<Luke_Rhinehart>	George Powers Cockcroft (November 15, 1932 – November 6, 2020), widely known by the pen name Luke Rhinehart, was an American novelist, screenwriter, and nonfiction writer. He is best known for his 1971 novel The Dice Man, the story of a psychiatrist who experiments with making life decisions based on the roll of a die.The Dice Man was critically well received and a commercial success. It quickly became and remains a cult classic. It was followed by two spiritual sequels in Adventures of Wim (1986) and The Search for the Dice Man (1993) as well as a companion volume called The Book of the Die (2000). Rhinehart wrote several other novels between 1986 and 2016 though none achieved the success of The Dice Man.George Powers Cockcroft was born on November 15, 1932 in Albany, New York to Donald and Elizabeth Cockcroft, both college graduates, his mother from Wellesley College. He was raised in Albany, where his father was an electrical engineer, and his ancestry included Vermont political notables. He attended The Albany Academy, graduating in 1950, and received a BA from Cornell University in 1954 and an MA from Columbia University in 1956. In 1964 he received a PhD in American literature, also from Columbia. After obtaining his PhD, he went into teaching. During his years as a university professor he taught, among other things, courses in Zen and Western literature.
<Jim_Henson>	James Maury Henson (September 24, 1936 – May 16, 1990) was an American puppeteer, animator, cartoonist, actor, inventor, and filmmaker who achieved worldwide notice as the creator of The Muppets and Fraggle Rock (1983–1987)  and director of The Dark Crystal (1982) and Labyrinth (1986). He was born in Greenville, Mississippi, and raised in both Leland, Mississippi and University Park, Maryland.Henson began developing puppets in high school. He created Sam and Friends (1955–1961), a short-form comedy television program, while he was a freshman at the University of Maryland, College Park in collaboration with Jane Nebel who was a senior. A few years later the two married. He graduated from the University of Maryland with a degree in home economics, after which he and Jane produced coffee advertisements and developed experimental films. In 1958, he co-founded Muppets, Inc. with Jane, which became The Jim Henson Company.
<CD_Castellón>	Club Deportivo Castellón, S.A.D. is a professional Spanish football team based in Castellón de la Plana, in the Valencian Community. Founded on 20 July 1922, it currently plays in Primera División RFEF – Group 2, holding home games at Nou Estadi Castàlia, which has a capacity of 15,500 seats.Football first appeared in the town in 1911, and after a period of time under the consecutive denominations "Deportivo", "Castalia", "Gimnástico", "Cultural" and "Cervantes", Club Deportivo Castellón was founded on 22 July 1922.
<FC_Augsburg>	Fußball-Club Augsburg 1907 e. V., commonly known as FC Augsburg (German pronunciation: [ɛfˌt͡seː ˈaʊ̯ksbʊʁk] (listen)) or Augsburg, is a German football club based in Augsburg, Bavaria. FC Augsburg play in the Bundesliga, the top tier of the German football league system. The team was founded as Fußball-Klub Alemania Augsburg in 1907 and played as BC Augsburg from 1921 to 1969. With over 18,800 members, it is the largest football club in Swabian Bavaria.The club has spent most of its history fluctuating between the second and third divisions, with disappointment striking in the early 2000s when Augsburg were relegated to the fourth division for two seasons. However, the club experienced a surge following this setback, and was eventually promoted to the Bundesliga for the first time in 2011, where it has remained ever since. Augsburg have consolidated their Bundesliga status in the 2010s, finishing a record high fifth in the 2014–15 season before several mid-table finishes, and made their European debut in the 2015–16 UEFA Europa League, with the club reaching the Round of 32 before being knocked out by Liverpool 1–0 on aggregate.
<Karl_Landsteiner_Memorial_Award>	The Karl Landsteiner Memorial Award is a scientific award given by the American Association of Blood Banks (AABB) to scientists with "an international reputation in transfusion medicine or cellular therapies" "whose original research resulted in an important contribution to the body of scientific knowledge". Recipients give a lecture at the AABB Annual Meeting and receive a $7,500 honorarium. The prize was initiated in 1954 to honor Karl Landsteiner, whose research laid the foundation for modern blood transfusion therapy.
<IJCAI_Award_for_Research_Excellence>	The IJCAI Award for Research Excellence is a biannual award before given at the IJCAI conference to researcher in artificial intelligence as a recognition of excellence of their career. Beginning in 2016, the conference is held annually and so is the award.The recipients of this award have been:This science awards article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Institute_for_Advanced_Study>	The Institute for Advanced Study (IAS), located in Princeton, New Jersey, in the United States, is an independent center for theoretical research and intellectual inquiry. It has served as the academic home of internationally preeminent scholars, including J. Robert Oppenheimer, Albert Einstein,  Hermann Weyl, John von Neumann, and Kurt Gödel, many of whom had emigrated from Europe to the United States.It was founded in 1930 by American educator Abraham Flexner, together with philanthropists Louis Bamberger and Caroline Bamberger Fuld. Despite collaborative ties and neighboring geographic location, the institute, being independent, has "no formal links" with Princeton University. The institute does not charge tuition or fees.Flexner's guiding principle in founding the institute was the pursuit of knowledge for its own sake. The faculty have no classes to teach. There are no degree programs or experimental facilities at the institute. Research is never contracted or directed. It is left to each individual researcher to pursue their own goals. Established during the rise of fascism in Europe, the institute played a key role in the transfer of intellectual capital from Europe to America. It quickly earned its reputation as the pinnacle of academic and scientific life—a reputation it has retained.
<St._James_Episcopal_Church_(Wilmington,_North_Carolina)>	St. James Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church in the historic district of Wilmington, North Carolina. The church is part of the Episcopal Diocese of East Carolina and is the oldest church in the city of Wilmington.   It is a contributing building in the Wilmington Historic District.New York architect Henry C. Dudley (1813-1894) designed the truss roof in 1871 and the chancel and transept in 1885.  Over his lifetime Dudley designed over 180 churches throughout the southern and eastern states.St. James Episcopal Church's oak altar and reredos were carved by Silas McBee, depicting the Nativity, Crucifixion, and Resurrection of Jesus. McBee also designed the Bishop's chair and two of the stained glass windows, including The Resurrection of Christ.
<Jorge_Cadete>	Jorge Paulo Cadete Santos Reis (born 27 August 1968), known as Cadete, is a Portuguese former professional footballer who played as a striker.Born to Portuguese parents in Mozambique, he was groomed in Sporting's prolific youth system, and later was noted while at Celtic as he led the goalscoring charts in 1996–97.
<FC_Girondins_de_Bordeaux>	Football Club des Girondins de Bordeaux (French pronunciation: ​[ʒiʁɔ̃dɛ̃ də bɔʁdo]), commonly referred to as Girondins de Bordeaux (Occitan: Girondins de Bordèu) or simply Bordeaux, is a French professional football club based in the city of Bordeaux in Gironde, Nouvelle-Aquitaine. The team currently plays in Ligue 2, the second tier of French football, and is coached by David Guion.Bordeaux was founded on 1 October 1881 as a multi-sports club and is one of the most successful football clubs in France. The club has won six Division 1/Ligue 1 titles, the last in 2009. Bordeaux have also won four Coupe de France titles, three Coupe de la Ligue titles, and three Trophée des champions titles as well. Bordeaux also reached the UEFA Cup final in 1996. From a year to its inception, the club's stadium was the Stade Chaban-Delmas, though since 2015, Bordeaux's home ground has been the Matmut Atlantique.
<Helen_Hughes>	Helen Hughes may refer to:
<Sean_Scully_(actor)>	Sean Scully (born 28 September 1947) is an Australian actor, active in film and television, most especially serials.The son of actress and radio host Margaret Christensen, Scully was born in Sydney, New South Wales.
<Socialist_Unity_Party_of_Germany>	The Socialist Unity Party of Germany (German: Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands, pronounced [zot͡si̯aˈlɪstɪʃə ˈaɪ̯nhaɪ̯t͡spaʁˌtaɪ̯ ˈdɔɪ̯t͡ʃlant͡s] (listen); SED, pronounced [ɛsʔeːˈdeː] (listen)), often known in English as the East German Communist Party, was the founding and ruling party of the German Democratic Republic (GDR; East Germany) from the country's foundation in October 1949 until its dissolution after the Peaceful Revolution in 1989. It was a Marxist–Leninist communist party, established in April 1946 as a merger between the East German branches of the Communist Party of Germany and Social Democratic Party of Germany.Although the GDR was a one-party state, some other institutional popular front parties were permitted to exist in alliance with the SED; these parties included the Christian Democratic Union, the Liberal Democratic Party, the Democratic Farmers' Party, and the National Democratic Party. In the 1980s, the SED rejected the liberalisation policies of Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, such as perestroika and glasnost, which would lead to the GDR's isolation from the restructuring USSR and the party's downfall in the autumn of 1989. The SED was officially organized on the basis of democratic centralism. Theoretically, the highest body of the SED was the Party Congress, convened every fifth year. When the Party Congress was not in session, the Central Committee was the highest body, but since the body normally met only once a year most duties and responsibilities were vested in the Politburo and its Standing Committee, members of the latter being seen as the top leadership of the Party and the State within the State Council of East Germany from 1960 replacing the President of the German Democratic Republic.Ideologically, the party, from its foundation, adhered to Marxism–Leninism, and pursued state socialism, under which all industries in East Germany were nationalized, and a command economy was implemented. The SED made the teaching of Marxism–Leninism and the Russian language compulsory in schools. Walter Ulbricht was the party's dominant figure and effective leader of East Germany from 1950 to 1971. In 1953, an uprising against the Party was met with violent suppression by the Ministry of State Security and the Soviet Army. In 1971, Ulbricht was succeeded by Erich Honecker who presided over a stable period in the development of the GDR until he was forced to step down during the 1989 revolution. The party's last leader, Egon Krenz, was unsuccessful in his attempt to retain the SED's hold on political governance of the GDR and was imprisoned after German reunification.
<John_Stevens_(English_politician)>	John Christopher Courtenay Stevens (born 23 May 1955) is a British politician.  A Conservative Member of the European Parliament (MEP) from 1989 to 1999, he contested the Buckingham constituency in the 2010 general election as an independent, against Commons speaker John Bercow and came second with 10,331 votes (21.4%) compared to Bercow's 22,860 (47.3%).Stevens was educated at Winchester, where he won the Boxing Cup, and at Magdalen College, Oxford, taking a third class honours degree in law.  He then worked as a foreign exchange and bond trader for Morgan Grenfell.
<Evelyn_Venable>	Evelyn Venable (October 18, 1913 – November 15, 1993) was an American actress perhaps best known for her role as Grazia in the 1934 film Death Takes a Holiday. In addition to acting in around two dozen films during the 1930s and 1940s, she was also the voice and model for the Blue Fairy in Walt Disney's Pinocchio (1940). She is one of a number of women who have been suggested to have served as the model for the personification of Columbia in the Columbia Pictures logo that was used from 1936 to 1976.For her work in films, Venable has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 1500 Vine Street.
<Score_Productions>	Score Productions is an American musical production company specializing in background music and themes for television shows. Started in 1963 in a brownstone townhouse on the Upper East Side of Manhattan by music producer Bob Israel, Score has created some of the most recognizable tunes in America — most identifiable by just a few notes.Among the composers who worked for Score Productions are Charles Fox, Walt Levinsky, Arthur B. Rubinstein, Dick Lieb, Michel Camilo, Chuck Loeb, Billy Barber, Irving "Benny" Robbin, Charles Gross, Glen Daum, Birch Johnson, and Les Fradkin. One of the Score-produced compositions, "Come on Down", also known as the theme song from The Price Is Right, would eventually become a number one hit on Billboard's Dance Club Songs Chart for Crystal Waters in 2001. The single also marked the first time that a television theme song (and one that came from a game show) reached number one on a Dance chart, and the first to feature lyrics. 
<Alice_Amsden>	Alice Hoffenberg Amsden (June 27, 1943 – March 14, 2012) was a political economist and scholar of state-led economic development. For the last two decades of her career, she was the Barton L. Weller Professor of Political Economy at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.Amsden was known best for her work on the developmental state, which argued that state-led industrialization was a viable alternative to the market-oriented industrialization of North America and Europe. Her scholarship focused on the catch-up of late-industrializing economies, particularly the "Asian Tigers." Amsden found their growth was accomplished through government intervention that established price control and import substitution policies, promoted organizational learning, and arranged "reciprocal control mechanisms" between states and private firms. Her work is viewed as a rebuttal of the Washington Consensus and neoclassical economic theories that sought to restrain state intervention in the developmental process.Born in New York City, Amsden received her undergraduate degree from Cornell University and her PhD from the London School of Economics. Amsden began her career as an economist at the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) and taught at University of California, Los Angeles, Barnard College at Columbia University, Harvard Business School and The New School before being appointed professor at MIT in 1994. She remained in MIT's Department of Urban Studies and Planning until her death in 2012.
<Kabuscorp_S.C.P.>	Kabuscorp Sport Clube do Palanca, usually known simply as Kabuscorp is a multisports club based in Luanda, Angola. The club's football teams contests at the Angolan major league Girabola as well as at the African club competitions.Kabuscorp is an acronym for Kangamba Business Corporation, a business ranging from transports to diamond exploration run by club owner Bento Kangamba.Kabuscorp S.C. was founded in 1994 by president and club owner Bento Kangamba. The club plays their home matches at the state-owned Estádio dos Coqueiros in Luanda and is renowned for their cheerful supporters, mostly of bakongo origin.
<Bear's_Kiss>	Sergei Vladimirovich Bodrov (Russian: Серге́й Влади́мирович Бодро́в, IPA: [sʲɪrˈɡʲej bɐˈdrof]; born June 28, 1948) is a Russian film director, screenwriter, and producer. In 2003 he was the President of the Jury at the 25th Moscow International Film Festival.Bodrov was born in Khabarovsk, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union (now Russia). In the post-Soviet period he emigrated to the United States. His son, actor Sergei Bodrov, Jr. was killed in an avalanche in the mountains of the North Caucasus on September 20, 2002, while shooting a film titled The Messenger.Bodrov's paternal grandmother was an ethnic Buryat, which influenced his decision to make the movie Mongol.
<Frank_Chin>	Frank Chin (born February 25, 1940) is an American author and playwright. He is considered to be one of the pioneers of Asian-American theatre.Frank Chin was born in Berkeley, California on February 25, 1940; until the age of six, he remained under the care of a retired vaudeville couple in Placerville, California. At that time, his mother brought him back to the San Francisco Bay Area and thereafter Chin grew up in Oakland Chinatown. He attended the University of California, Berkeley, and graduated from the University of California, Santa Barbara in 1965. According to Chin, who had returned from a sabbatical working as the first Chinese brakeman for the Southern Pacific railroad, he intimidated a dean into graduating him with a bachelor's degree in English: "[I said] 'I want a decision by Friday' and he said, 'Well, I'm a very busy man,' and I said, 'You're a working stiff like me - you have a decision Friday and I don't care what it is. Either I've graduated or I haven't graduated because I have to get back to work.' Friday, I walked by the office and the secretary jumps up and says: 'You've graduated!' I said, 'That's all I want to know'."Early in his career, Chin worked as a story editor and scriptwriter on Sesame Street and as a reporter for KING-TV in Seattle.
<The_Irresistible_Revolution>	The Irresistible Revolution: Living as an Ordinary Radical is a book by Shane Claiborne published in 2006. It describes and advocates what the author argues to be a truly Christian lifestyle. The author draws on his personal experience, including time spent in Calcutta, India with Mother Teresa, a trip with a Christian Peacemaker Team to Iraq during the 2003 US-led bombing campaign, and life in a communal house, The Simple Way, in Philadelphia, to describe the way he feels Christians ought to be living, the ways in which many currently are not, and the ways in which many are beginning to do so, the Revolution referenced in the title. The lifestyle Claiborne proposes rejects materialism and nationalism and emphasizes living in loving and close community with Christians and non-Christian, a voluntary redistribution of wealth along the lines of Early Christianity, and socially and environmentally conscious consumer choices, all based on love for God and love for all humans.Claiborne's writing style relies heavily on personal anecdotes and quotations from Mother Teresa, Martin Luther King Jr., theologians and writers such as Walter Wink, John Howard Yoder, Francis of Assisi, and C.S. Lewis, as well as The Bible.
<Mercedes-Benz_S-Class_(W221)>	The Mercedes-Benz W221 is a chassis code of S-Class, the successor of the Mercedes-Benz S-Class (W220) and the predecessor of the Mercedes-Benz S-Class (W222). The S-Class are the flagship vehicles of Mercedes-Benz and each generation typically introduces a range of technical innovations and developments that over time will find their way into smaller cars.[citation needed]The vehicle was unveiled at the 2005 Frankfurt Motor Show.The W221 S-Class' exterior styling is distinctly different from the W220. The W220 somewhat broke with tradition in being smaller than its W140 predecessor, whereas the W221 is once more larger in all dimensions than its predecessor, offers more interior space and has improved performance. The W221 looks are often said to be more imposing than those of the W220. The rear styling is similar to the Mercedes-Benz Maybach – the larger saloon from Daimler AG's other flagship brand, which was presented to the public in 1997. Development began in 1999, with the design work beginning in 2000 at the Advanced Design Center in Tokyo, and the final design by Gorden Wagener at the Sindelfingen Advanced Design Center being approved in 2001, frozen for production in early 2002 and patented in Japan on May 21, 2003, under 1208488 and in Germany on December 4, 2003. A final design prototype W221 was presented in December 2002 to Autospies journalists at a consumer design clinic, 2.5 years prior to the official production model unveiling in June 2005.
<Hugh_Pelham>	Sir Hugh Reginald Brentnall Pelham, FRS FMedSci (born 26 August 1954) is a cell biologist who has contributed to our understanding of the body's response to rises in temperature through the synthesis of heat shock proteins. He served as director of the Medical Research Council (MRC) Laboratory of Molecular Biology (LMB) between 2006 and 2018.Pelham was educated at Marlborough College in Marlborough, Wiltshire and Christ's College, Cambridge. He graduated with a Master of Arts degree in Natural Sciences followed by a PhD for research on transcription and translation in immature blood cells (Reticulocytes). His PhD was supervised by Richard J. Jackson and Tim Hunt, who went on to receive the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2001.
<Leo_Esaki>	Reona Esaki (江崎 玲於奈 Esaki Reona, born March 12, 1925), also known as Leo Esaki, is a Japanese physicist who shared the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1973 with Ivar Giaever and Brian David Josephson for his work in electron tunneling in semiconductor materials which finally led to his invention of the Esaki diode, which exploited that phenomenon. This research was done when he was with Tokyo Tsushin Kogyo (now known as Sony). He has also contributed in being a pioneer of the semiconductor superlattices.Esaki was born in Takaida-mura, Nakakawachi-gun, Osaka Prefecture (now part of Higashiōsaka City) and grew up in Kyoto, near by Kyoto Imperial University and Doshisha University. He first had contact with American culture in Doshisha Junior High School [ja]. After graduating from the Third Higher School, he studied physics at Tokyo Imperial University, where he had attended Hideki Yukawa's course in nuclear theory in October 1944. Also, he lived through the Bombing of Tokyo while he was at college.
<Arthur_Abbott>	Arthur Valentine Rutherford Abbott (14 February 1892 – 10 October 1975) was an Australian lawyer and politician who was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1939 to 1956. He was a minister in the government of Sir Ross McLarty, including as attorney-general from 1948 to 1953.Abbott was born in Broken Hill, New South Wales, but raised in Perth, where he attended Hale School. He completed his secondary education at Melbourne Grammar School, as a boarder. Abbott enlisted in the Australian Imperial Force (AIF) in May 1916, and served with the Australian Field Artillery and the Australian Flying Corps, reaching the rank of lieutenant by the war's end. In 1919, he briefly studied at the Council of Legal Education in London, completing his articles of clerkship the following year.
<Barnhouse_Effect>	Barnhouse Effect Co., Ltd (株式会社バーンハウスエフェクト), or BHE, is a 1997 Japanese video game developer and CG production company based in Tokyo. Most of their work has been for Takara, notably Choro Q games for the PlayStation and PlayStation 2 consoles.The name "Barnhouse Effect" originates from the short story Report on the Barnhouse Effect by Kurt Vonnegut in which a professor, Arthur Barnhouse, develops telekinetic techniques. 
<Biloxi,_Mississippi>	Biloxi (/bɪˈlʌksi/ bih-LUK-see; French: [bilusi]) is a city in and one of two county seats of Harrison County, Mississippi, United States (the other being the adjacent city of Gulfport). The 2010 United States Census recorded the population as 44,054 and in 2019 the estimated population was 46,212. The area's first European settlers were French colonists.The city is part of the Gulfport–Biloxi metropolitan area and the Gulfport–Biloxi–Pascagoula, MS Combined Statistical Area. Prior to Hurricane Katrina, Biloxi was the third-largest city in Mississippi, behind Jackson and Gulfport. Due to the widespread destruction and flooding, many refugees left the city. Post-Katrina, the population of Biloxi decreased, and it became the fifth-largest city in the state, being surpassed by Hattiesburg and Southaven.The beachfront of Biloxi lies directly on the Mississippi Sound, with barrier islands scattered off the coast and into the Gulf of Mexico. Keesler Air Force Base lies within the city and is home to the 81st Training Wing and the 403d Wing of the U.S. Air Force Reserve.
<Carlos_Beltrán>	Carlos Iván Beltrán (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈkaɾloz βelˈtɾan]; born April 24, 1977) is a Puerto Rican former professional baseball player. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) as an outfielder from 1998 to 2017 for the Kansas City Royals, Houston Astros, New York Mets, San Francisco Giants, St. Louis Cardinals, New York Yankees, and Texas Rangers. A right-handed thrower and switch hitter, Beltrán stands 6 feet 1 inch (1.85 m) tall and weighs 215 pounds (98 kg).Beltrán was the American League (AL) Rookie of the Year in 1999 while with the Royals. He was named to nine MLB All-Star Games and won three Gold Glove Awards and two Silver Slugger Awards.  Beltrán was the fifth player to reach both 400 home runs and 300 stolen bases and just the fourth switch hitter with 400 home runs. He has the highest success rate in stealing bases (88.3%) of any major league player with 300 or more career attempts. He also joined the 30–30 club in 2004. In 2013, Beltrán was named the recipient of the prestigious Roberto Clemente Award. He retired after the 2017 season, winning a World Series title with the Houston Astros.
<Dava_Newman>	Dava J. Newman (born 1964) is the director of the MIT Media Lab and a former deputy administrator of NASA. Newman earned her PhD in aerospace biomedical engineering, and Master of Science degrees in aerospace engineering and technology and policy all from MIT, and her Bachelor of Science degree in aerospace engineering from the University of Notre Dame. Newman is the Apollo Program Professor of Aeronautics and Astronautics and Engineering Systems at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a member of the faculty at the Harvard–MIT Program in Health Sciences and Technology. She is also a MacVicar Faculty Fellow (awarded for contributions to undergraduate education), former director of the Technology and Policy Program at MIT (2003–2015), and has been the director of the MIT Portugal Program since 2011. As the director of MIT's Technology and Policy Program (TPP), she led the institute's largest multidisciplinary graduate research program, with over 1,200 alumni. She has been a faculty member in her home department of Aeronautics and Astronautics and MIT's School of Engineering since 1993.Newman's research expertise is in aerospace biomedical engineering, investigating human performance in varying gravity environments. Newman was the principal investigator on four spaceflight missions. The Space Shuttle Dynamic Load Sensors (DLS) experiment measured astronaut-induced disturbances of the microgravity environment[clarification needed] on mission STS-62. The Enhanced Dynamic Load Sensors experiment flew on board the Mir Space Station from 1996–1998. Newman was a Co-Investigator on the Mental Workload and Performance Experiment (MWPE) that flew on STS-42 to measure astronaut mental workload and fine motor control in microgravity. She also developed the MICR0-G space flight experiment to provide a sensor suite and study human adaptation in extreme environments. She was the MIT Principal Investigator on the Gravity Loading Countermeasure Suit, or Skinsuit, which flew the International Space Station as an ESA technology demonstration from 2015 to 2017.Newman is best known for promoting the development of space activity suits, namely the Bio-Suit, which provides pressure through compression directly on the skin via the suit's textile weave, patterning, and advanced materials rather than with pressurized gas. The suit is designed to help astronauts move around more easily than gas-filled suits allow. These spacesuit technologies are now[when?] being applied to "soft suits" to study and enhance locomotion on Earth. Newman is the author of Interactive Aerospace Engineering and Design, an introductory engineering textbook, has published more than 300 papers in journals and refereed conferences, and holds numerous compression technology patents.
<Havana>	Havana (/həˈvænə/; Spanish: La Habana [la aˈβana] (listen)) is the capital and largest city of Cuba. The heart of the La Habana Province, Havana is the country's main port and commercial center. The city has a population of 2.3 million inhabitants, and it spans a total of 728.26 km2 (281.18 sq mi) – making it the largest city by area, the most populous city, and the fourth largest metropolitan area in the Caribbean region.The city of Havana was founded by the Spanish in the 16th century, it served as a springboard for the Spanish conquest of the Americas becoming a stopping point for Spanish galleons returning to Spain. Philip II of Spain granted Havana the title of capital in 1592. Walls as well as forts were built to protect the city.
<Lymari_Nadal>	Lymari Nadal Torres (born 11 February 1978) is a Puerto Rican actress, film producer and scriptwriter. She has performed in several films including American Gangster and Battlestar Galactica: The Plan. In 2011, she also produced her own film, America, which she also wrote.Nadal was born in Ponce, Puerto Rico, to Daniel Nadal and Anaida Torres. She graduated from high school at Academia Santa María. She received her first college degree from the Pontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico. In an interview, she described herself as "Ponce-blooded."
<Te-Pei_Feng>	Feng Depei or Te-Pei Feng (simplified Chinese: 冯德培; traditional Chinese: 馮德培; pinyin: Féng Dépéi; 1907–1995) was a Chinese neuroscientist and physiologist. He is considered one of founders of modern Chinese neuroscience and physiology.Feng was born on February 20, 1907, in Linhai County, Taizhou, Zhejiang, China.In 1922, Feng entered Fudan University in Shanghai, initially studied literature. At Fudan, Feng was attracted by newly emerged psychology, so he transferred to the psychological department in 1923. In 1925, a new professor of physiology named Cai Qiao joined Fudan, and the department of biology was founded. Feng became interested in biosciences, especially physiology. In 1926, Feng graduated from the biological department of Fudan (BSc), and became a lecturer at the same department.
<Independent_Social_Democratic_Party_of_Germany>	The Independent Social Democratic Party of Germany (German: Unabhängige Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands, USPD) was a short-lived political party in Germany during the German Empire and the Weimar Republic. The organization was established in 1917 as the result of a split of anti-war members of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD), from the left of the party as well as the centre and the right. The organization attempted to chart a course between electorally oriented reformism on the one hand and Bolshevist revolutionism on the other.[citation needed] The organization was terminated in 1931 through merger with the Socialist Workers' Party of Germany (SAPD).On 21 December 1915, several SPD members in the Reichstag, the German parliament, voted against the authorization of further credits to finance World War I, an incident that emphasized existing tensions between the party's leadership and the pacifists surrounding Hugo Haase and ultimately led to the expulsion of the group from the SPD on 24 March 1916.To be able to continue their parliamentary work, the group formed the Social Democratic Working Group (Sozialdemokratische Arbeitsgemeinschaft, SAG). Concerns from the SPD leadership and Friedrich Ebert that the SAG was intent on dividing the SPD then led to the expulsion of the SAG members from the SPD on 18 January 1917. On 6 April 1917, the USPD was founded at a conference in Gotha, with Hugo Haase as the party's first chairman. The Spartakusbund also merged into the newly founded party, but it retained relative autonomy. To avoid confusion, the existing SPD was typically called the Majority Social Democratic Party of Germany (Mehrheits-SPD or MSPD, majority-SPD) from then on. Luise Zietz was one of the main agitators in favor of a split in the party in 1917. She became a leader in the creation of the USPD's women's movement.
<Jan_Sterling>	Jan Sterling (born Jane Sterling Adriance; April 3, 1921 – March 26, 2004) was an American film, television and stage actress. At her most active in films during the 1950s (immediately prior to which she had joined the Actors Studio), Sterling received a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in The High and the Mighty (1954), as well as an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress nomination. Her best performance is often considered to be opposite Kirk Douglas, as the opportunistic wife in Billy Wilder's 1951 Ace in the Hole. Although her career declined during the 1960s, she continued to play occasional television and theatre roles.[citation needed]Born in New York City, Sterling was the daughter of Eleanor Ward (née Deans) and William Allen Adriance Jr, an architect and advertising executive. She had a younger sister, Ann "Mimi" Adriance, a model and businesswoman. Jane grew up in a wealthy household and attended private schools before moving with her family to Europe and South America. In London and Paris she was schooled by private tutors, and in London she attended Fay Compton's dramatic school. During the taping of the pilot of a game show in 1968, she told the story of having been sent airfare to fly back to the United States; seeing some lingerie she liked in a shop window, she used the last of her money to buy it, then traded in the airfare and booked aboard a steamship.  Midway through the voyage, she found out that the airship she had originally been booked on, the Hindenburg, had been destroyed in a massive fire upon arriving in New Jersey on May 6, 1937.
<Vornado_Realty_Trust>	Vornado Realty Trust is a real estate investment trust formed in Maryland in 1982, with its primary office in New York City. The company invests in office buildings and street retail in Manhattan.Notable properties owned by the company include:The company also owns:
<Open_All_Hours>	Open All Hours is a British television sitcom created and written by Roy Clarke for the BBC. It ran for 26 episodes in four series, which aired in 1976, 1981, 1982 and 1985. The programme developed from a television pilot broadcast in Ronnie Barker's comedy anthology series, Seven of One (1973). Open All Hours ranked eighth in the 2004 Britain's Best Sitcom poll. A sequel, entitled Still Open All Hours, began airing in 2013.The setting is a small grocer's shop in Balby, a suburb of Doncaster in South Yorkshire. The owner, Arkwright (Ronnie Barker), is a middle-aged miser with a stammer and a knack for selling. His nephew Granville (David Jason) is his put-upon errand boy, who blames his work schedule for his lacklustre social life.
<Budcat_Creations>	Budcat Creations, LLC was an American video game developer based in Iowa City, Iowa, United States and was a wholly owned subsidiary of Activision, though they formerly had partnerships with Electronic Arts and Majesco Entertainment. They were largely responsible for porting titles to non-target consoles. They had worked on a number of blockbuster gaming franchises, among them Guitar Hero, Madden NFL, and Medal of Honor. They have also produced a few original titles, including Blast Works: Build, Trade, Destroy and The New York Times Crosswords.Budcat was founded by Jason Andersen and Jonah Stich who met on the precursor to AOL, via a shared interest in the Apple IIgs.  A few months into the companies initial year, Isaac Burns joined as a partner.  Isaac, and Jason met in High School, in their hometown of Iowa City, IA.The company went on to produce a string of sports titles for EA over the next five years, including entries in the NASCAR Thunder, NHL Hockey series, and FIFA Manager series, as well as the PlayStation 2 version of Psychonauts for Majesco Entertainment.
<Chelsea,_London>	Chelsea is an affluent area in west London, England, due south-west of Charing Cross by approximately 2.5 miles. It lies on the north bank of the River Thames and for postal purposes is part of the south-western postal area.Chelsea historically formed a manor and parish in the Ossulstone hundred of Middlesex, which became the Metropolitan Borough of Chelsea in 1900. It merged with the Metropolitan Borough of Kensington, forming the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea upon the creation of Greater London in 1965.
<Erich_Bloch>	Erich Bloch (January 9, 1925 – November 25, 2016) was a German-born American electrical engineer and administrator. He was involved with developing IBM's first transistorized supercomputer, 7030 Stretch, and mainframe computer, System/360. He served as director of the National Science Foundation from 1984 to 1990.Bloch was born in Sulzburg, Germany in 1925. Bloch was the son of Josef Bloch a Jewish businessman and Lina Rothschild a housewife, who were both later murdered in the Holocaust. He survived the war in a refugee camp in Switzerland and emigrated in 1948 to the United States. He studied electrical engineering at ETH Zurich and received his Bachelor of Science in electrical engineering from the University of Buffalo.Bloch joined IBM after graduating in 1952. He was engineering manager of IBM's STRETCH supercomputer system and director of several research sites during his career. In June 1984, Ronald Reagan nominated Bloch to succeed Edward Alan Knapp become director of the National Science Foundation. The same year, he was elected a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences. In 1985, Bloch was awarded one of the first National Medals of Technology and Innovation along with Bob O. Evans and Fred Brooks for their work on the IBM System/360.
<THQ>	THQ Inc. was an American video game company based in Agoura Hills, California. It was founded in April 1990 by Jack Friedman, originally in Calabasas, and became a public company the following year through a reverse merger takeover. Initially working in the toy business, it expanded into the video game business through several acquisitions before shifting its focus away from toys entirely. THQ continued its trend of acquiring companies throughout the 2000s.The company published both internally created and externally licensed content in its product portfolio. THQ's internally created game series included Darksiders, De Blob, Destroy All Humans!, MX vs. ATV, Red Faction, and Saints Row, among others. The company also held exclusive, long-term licensing agreements with sports and entertainment content creators, such as Disney, DreamWorks Animation, Nickelodeon, and WWE.
<Sandra_Moser>	Sandra Moser (born 27 September 1969) is a Swiss stage and film actress starring usually in Swiss German language cinema and television and stage productions.Born in Thun in Switzerland, Sandra Moser lives in the municipality of Zürich. Educated at the Schauspielakademie Zürich, she starred at the Schauspielhaus Hannover in Brecht's Threepenny Opera in 1992. Thenafter she toured for several years with Karls kühne Gassenschau through Switzerland and played in several plays, as she does in the present days. Sandra Moser also starred in German and Swiss television productions, conducted workshops for actors, and also worked 2006/2007 as assistant director of the Swiss television series Schöni Uussichte.Sandra Moser's most popular role is the character of Anne Käthi Tobler in the Swiss comedy serial Fascht e Familie in the 1990s.
<Chelsea_Clinton>	Chelsea Victoria Clinton (born February 27, 1980) is an American writer and global health advocate. She is the only child of former U.S. President Bill Clinton and former U.S. Secretary of State and 2016 presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. She was a special correspondent for NBC News from 2011 to 2014 and now works with the Clinton Foundation and Clinton Global Initiative, including taking a prominent role at the foundation with a seat on its board.Clinton was born in Little Rock, Arkansas, during her father's first term as governor. She attended public schools there until he was elected president and the family moved to the White House, where she began attending the private Sidwell Friends School. She received an undergraduate degree at Stanford University and later earned master's degrees from University of Oxford  and Columbia University, and a Doctor of Philosophy in international relations from the University of Oxford in 2014. Clinton married investment banker Marc Mezvinsky in 2010. They have a daughter and two sons.
<Carl_Gustav_Jacob_Jacobi>	Carl Gustav Jacob Jacobi (/dʒəˈkoʊbi/; German: [jaˈkoːbi]; 10 December 1804 – 18 February 1851) was a German mathematician who made fundamental contributions to elliptic functions, dynamics, differential equations, determinants, and number theory. His name is occasionally written as Carolus Gustavus Iacobus Iacobi in his Latin books, and his first name is sometimes given as Karl.Jacobi was the first Jewish mathematician to be appointed professor at a German university.Jacobi was born of Ashkenazi Jewish parentage in Potsdam on 10 December 1804. He was the second of four children of banker Simon Jacobi. His elder brother Moritz von Jacobi would also become known later as an engineer and physicist. He was initially home schooled by his uncle Lehman, who instructed him in the classical languages and elements of mathematics. In 1816, the twelve-year-old Jacobi went to the Potsdam Gymnasium, where students were taught all the standard subjects: classical languages, history, philology, mathematics, sciences, etc. As a result of the good education he had received from his uncle, as well as his own remarkable abilities, after less than half a year Jacobi was moved to the senior year despite his young age. However, as the University would not accept students younger than 16 years old, he had to remain in the senior class until 1821. He used this time to advance his knowledge, showing interest in all subjects, including Latin, Greek, philology, history and mathematics. During this period he also made his first attempts at research, trying to solve the quintic equation by radicals.
<George_Clooney>	George Timothy Clooney (born May 6, 1961) is an American actor and filmmaker. He is the recipient of numerous accolades, including a British Academy Film Award, four Golden Globe Awards, four Screen Actors Guild Awards, and two Academy Awards, one for his acting and the other as a producer. In 2018, he was the recipient of the AFI Life Achievement Award. In 2022, Clooney was honored at the 45th Kennedy Center Honors for a "lifetime of contributions to American culture." Clooney started his career in television, gaining wide recognition in his role as Dr. Doug Ross on the NBC medical drama ER from 1994 to 1999, for which he received two Primetime Emmy Award nominations. During this time he would also attract a variety of leading roles in films, with his breakthrough role in From Dusk till Dawn (1996). He continued starring in films such as the superhero film Batman & Robin (1997), and Steven Soderbergh's Out of Sight (1998), David O. Russell's Three Kings, and the Coen brothers' O Brother, Where Art Thou? (2000).
<Faiz_Ahmad_Faiz>	English writersBengali writers
<Wendell_Willkie>	Wendell Lewis Willkie (born Lewis Wendell Willkie; February 18, 1892 – October 8, 1944) was an American lawyer, corporate executive and the 1940 Republican nominee for President. Willkie appealed to many convention delegates as the Republican field's only interventionist: although the U.S. remained neutral prior to Pearl Harbor, he favored greater U.S. involvement in World War II to support Britain and other Allies. His Democratic opponent, incumbent President Franklin D. Roosevelt, won the 1940 election with about 55% of the popular vote and took the electoral college vote by a wide margin.Willkie was born in Elwood, Indiana, in 1892; both his parents were lawyers, and he also became one. He served in World War I but was not sent to France until the final days of the war, and saw no action. Willkie settled in Akron, Ohio, where he was initially employed by Firestone, but left for a law firm, becoming one of the leaders of the Akron Bar Association. Much of his work was representing electric utilities, and in 1929 Willkie accepted a job in New York City as counsel for Commonwealth & Southern Corporation (C&S), a utility holding company. He was rapidly promoted, and became corporate president in 1933. Roosevelt was sworn in as U.S. president soon after Willkie became head of C&S, and announced plans for a Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) that would supply power in competition with C&S. Between 1933 and 1939, Willkie fought against the TVA before Congress, in the courts, and before the public. He was ultimately unsuccessful, but sold C&S's property for a good price, and gained public esteem.
<England_national_under-20_football_team>	England national under-20 football team, also known as England Under-20s or England U20(s), represents England in association football at an under-20 age level and is controlled by the Football Association, the governing body for football in England.England were champions of the FIFA U-20 World Cup, after defeating Venezuela in the final of the 2017 tournament. Since the 2017–18 season, England contest the Under 20 Elite League.
<Turner_Broadcasting_System>	Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. (alternatively known as Turner Entertainment Networks from 2019 until 2022) was an American television and media conglomerate. Founded by Ted Turner and based in Atlanta, Georgia, it merged with Time Warner (later WarnerMedia) on October 10, 1996. As of April 2022, its assets are now owned by Warner Bros. Discovery (WBD). The headquarters of Turner's properties are largely located at the CNN Center in Downtown Atlanta, and the Turner Broadcasting campus off Techwood Drive in Midtown Atlanta, which also houses Turner Studios. Some of their operations are housed within WBD's corporate and global headquarters inside 30 Hudson Yards in Manhattan's West Side district, and at 230 Park Avenue South in Midtown Manhattan, both in New York City, respectively.Turner is known for several pioneering innovations in U.S. multichannel television, including its satellite uplink of local Atlanta independent station WTCG channel 17 as TBS—one of the first national "superstations", and its establishment of CNN—the first 24-hour news channel. It later launched a sister cable network, TNT, the children's channel Cartoon Network, and the movie channel Turner Classic Movies (TCM). Turner South—a network devoted to regional sports and southern lifestyle programming—was launched by Turner in 1999, but was later sold to Fox Sports Networks in 2006 to form SportSouth. The same year, it acquired Liberty Media's stake in their joint venture Court TV.
<Pulitzer_Prize_for_Poetry>	The Pulitzer Prize for Poetry is one of the seven American Pulitzer Prizes awarded annually for Letters, Drama, and Music. It was first presented in 1922, and is given for a distinguished volume of original verse by an American author, published during the preceding calendar year.
<Leszek_Miller>	Leszek Cezary Miller (Polish pronunciation: [ˈlɛʂɛk ˈmillɛr] (listen); born 3 July 1946) is a Polish politician. He has served as a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) since July 2019.From 1989 to 1990 was a member of the Politburo of the Polish United Workers' Party. From 2001 to 2004 was a Prime Minister of Poland. Miller was the leader of the Democratic Left Alliance from 1999 to 2004 and again from 2011 to 2016.Leszek Miller is the great-grandson of Eliasz, son of Mośek and Sura Miller, born in 1840 in Kutno. Eliasz Miller converted from Judaism to Christianity in 1869 in Nieborów.
<Brussels>	Brussels (French: Bruxelles [bʁysɛl] (listen) or [bʁyksɛl] (listen); Dutch: Brussel [ˈbrʏsəl] (listen)), officially the Brussels-Capital Region (French: Région de Bruxelles-Capitale; Dutch: Brussels Hoofdstedelijk Gewest), is a region of Belgium comprising 19 municipalities, including the City of Brussels, which is the capital of Belgium. The Brussels-Capital Region is located in the central portion of the country and is a part of both the French Community of Belgium and the Flemish Community, but is separate from the Flemish Region (within which it forms an enclave) and the Walloon Region. Brussels is the most densely populated region in Belgium, and although it has the highest GDP per capita, it has the lowest available income per household. It covers 162 km2 (63 sq mi), a relatively small area compared to the two other regions, and has a population of over 1.2 million. The five times larger metropolitan area of Brussels comprises over 2.5 million people, which makes it the largest in Belgium. It is also part of a large conurbation extending towards Ghent, Antwerp, Leuven and Walloon Brabant, home to over 5 million people.Brussels grew from a small rural settlement on the river Senne to become an important city-region in Europe. Since the end of the Second World War, it has been a major centre for international politics and home to numerous international organisations, politicians, diplomats and civil servants. Brussels is the de facto capital of the European Union, as it hosts a number of principal EU institutions, including its administrative-legislative, executive-political, and legislative branches (though the judicial branch is located in Luxembourg, and the European Parliament meets for a minority of the year in Strasbourg). Because of this, its name is sometimes used metonymically to describe the EU and its institutions. The secretariat of the Benelux and the headquarters of NATO are also located in Brussels. As the economic capital of Belgium and a top financial centre of Western Europe with Euronext Brussels, it is classified as an Alpha global city. Brussels is a hub for rail, road and air traffic, and is sometimes considered, together with Belgium, as the geographic, economic and cultural crossroads of Europe. The Brussels Metro is the only rapid transit system in Belgium. In addition, both its airport and railway stations are the largest and busiest in the country.
<Saša_Rašilov_(born_1972)>	Saša Rašilov (born Alexandr Rašilov, 26 July 1972) is a Czech film and stage actor. He studied at the Faculty of Theatre in Prague, later performing on stage at theatres including the Theatre on the Balustrade. He is the grandson and namesake of Czechoslovak actor Saša Rašilov (1891–1955). He was married to actress Vanda Hybnerová, with whom he has two daughters, between 1993 and 2014. His younger brother Václav Rašilov [cs] (born 1976) is an actor as well.This article about a Czech actor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Cindy_Williams>	Cynthia Jane Williams (born August 22, 1947) is an American actress and producer, known for her role as Shirley Feeney on the television sitcom Happy Days (1975–1979), and Laverne & Shirley (1976–1982).Williams was born in the Van Nuys district of Los Angeles, California, on August 22, 1947. The family moved to Dallas, Texas when she was a year old and returned to Los Angeles when she was ten years old. She has one sibling, a sister named Carol Ann.
<Elissa_Silverman>	Elissa Silverman is an American politician and reporter from Washington, D.C., the United States capital. She has served as an independent at-large member of the Council of the District of Columbia since January 2, 2015. Before 2014, she was a journalist at The Washington Post and Washington City Paper covering D.C. politics, and a policy analyst at the D.C. Fiscal Policy Institute. She was re-elected in November 2018 for a four-year term.Elissa Silverman was born to parents Jack and Ruth Silverman in Baltimore, Maryland, where she attended public school. She majored in economics and history at Brown University. She has worked as a reporter for The Washington Post and, earlier, the Washington City Paper where she wrote the Loose Lips column. She also helped the D.C. Public Trust in its attempt to prohibit direct corporate contributions in local politics. In April 2009, she was hired as a policy analyst and communications director at the D.C. Fiscal Policy Institute, a position she held until resigning to run for public office in April 2014. She attends the University of Maryland, and is pursuing a master's degree in urban studies and planning.
<Putney>	Putney (/ˈpʌtni/) is a district of southwest London, England, in the London Borough of Wandsworth, five miles (eight kilometres) southwest of Charing Cross. The area is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London.Putney is an ancient parish which covered 9.11 km2 (3+17⁄32 sq mi) in the Hundred of Brixton in the county of Surrey. Its area has been reduced by the loss of Roehampton to the south-west, an offshoot hamlet that conserved more of its own clustered historic core.
<Andrey_Yeshchenko>	Andrey Olegovich Yeshchenko (Russian: Андрей Олегович Ещенко; born 9 February 1984) is a Russian professional footballer who plays as a right-back for FC Znamya Noginsk.Yeshchenko became famous appearing in a short spell for FC Dynamo Kyiv in 2006. Although considered a first team player throughout his entire stay in Kyiv, Yeshchenko complained of difficulties adhering to the strict physical regime at Dynamo. In turn, Dynamo management loaned the back to its fellow Muscovite club. He made his Russian Premier League debut for FC Dynamo Moscow on 4 August 2006 in a game against FC Torpedo Moscow.In October 2012 he was voted FC Lokomotiv Moscow player of the month.
<Guggenheim_Fellowship>	Guggenheim Fellowships are grants that have been awarded annually since 1925 (97 years ago) (1925) by the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation to those "who have demonstrated exceptional capacity for productive scholarship or exceptional creative ability in the arts."Each year, the foundation issues awards in each of two separate competitions:The performing arts are excluded, although composers, film directors, and choreographers are eligible. The fellowships are not open to students, only to "advanced professionals in mid-career" such as published authors. The fellows may spend the money as they see fit, as the purpose is to give fellows "blocks of time in which they can work with as much creative freedom as possible," but they should also be "substantially free of their regular duties." Applicants are required to submit references as well as a CV and portfolio.
<Eugene_Davis_(doctor)>	Eugene Davis (December 26, 1870 – January 14, 1946) was an American surgeon and college football player and coach.  He served as the head football coach at Virginia Agricultural and Mechanical College and Polytechnic Institute (VPI)—now known as Virginia Tech—for one season in 1900.  Davis's team played only one home game that season, beating St. Albans by a score of 21–0. The rest of the schedule was played away.  VPI won a rematch St. Albans, 16–6, beat North Carolina A&M, 18–2, played North Carolina to a scoreless tie in Chapel Hill, lost to the Virginia, 17–5, defeated Clemson in Charlotte, North Carolina, 12–5, and lost to their biggest rival at the time, VMI, 5–0.Davis was born in Charlottesville in 1870 to D. C. T. and Mary Davis. Davis was a member of Phi Delta Theta. Around 1898, Davis was elected president of the general athletic association at the University of Virginia, described in an 1899 publication as "the highest honor within the gift of student body". He married Marguerite Sanders in 1910 in Wytheville. He also served as the first health commissioner of Charleston, West Virginia from 1906 to 1909. After practicing medicine in Pennsylvania, West Virginia and his home state of Virginia, Davis served in World War I as a surgeon and medic. He was honorably discharged.He moved from Memphis, Tennessee, where he managed a Veterans' Administration hospital, to Fort Lyon Colorado in December 1931. In 1933, Davis was managing a Veterans Administration facility in Fort Lyon, Colorado. He had previously managed a Veterans' Administration hospital, also in Fort Lyons. At the time of the 1940 United States Census, Davis and his family was living in Oak Park, Illinois, working at a "government hospital".
<Edith_Wilson>	Edith Wilson (née  Bolling, formerly Galt; October 15, 1872 – December 28, 1961) was the first lady of the United States from 1915 to 1921 and the second wife of President Woodrow Wilson. She married the widower Wilson in December 1915, during his first term as president. Edith Wilson played an influential role in President Wilson's administration following the severe stroke he suffered in October 1919. For the remainder of her husband's presidency, she managed the office of the president, a role she later described as a "stewardship," and determined which communications and matters of state were important enough to bring to the attention of the bedridden president.Edith Bolling was born October 15, 1872, in Wytheville, Virginia, to circuit court judge William Holcombe Bolling and his wife Sarah "Sallie" Spears (née White). Her birthplace, the Bolling Home, is now a museum located in Wytheville's Historic District.
<Shields_Warren>	Shields Warren (February 26, 1898 – July 1, 1980) was an American pathologist. He was among the first to study the pathology of radioactive fallout. Warren influenced and mentored Eleanor Josephine Macdonald, epidemiologist and cancer researcher.He graduated with an A.B in 1918 from Boston University and with an M.D. in 1923 from Harvard Medical School. From 1923 to 1925 he was an assistant in pathology at Boston City Hospital and completed his medical residency there in 1927. At Harvard Medical School, he began teaching as an instructor in pathology in 1925, was promoted to assistant professor in 1936, and became a full professor of pathology in 1948. In 1927 he became a pathologist at New England Deaconess Hospital (which later became part of Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center) and was promoted to pathologist-in-chief in 1946, serving in that post for 36 years. He also served as pathologist-in-chief at New England Baptist Hospital and at Pondville State Hospital and was a consultant for several other hospitals. He established New England Deaconess Hospital's Cancer Research Institute and served as the director of the Institute until he resigned from the directorship in 1968.
<Kane_Richmond>	Kane Richmond (born Frederick William Bowditch, December 23, 1906 – March 22, 1973) was an American film actor of the 1930s and 1940s, mostly appearing in cliffhangers and serials. He is best known today for his portrayal of the character Lamont Cranston in The Shadow films in addition to his leading role in the successful serials Spy Smasher and Brick Bradford.Richmond was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, the son of Pearlie Watkins Bowditch and Mary Elizabeth (Waters) Bowditch. He had a sister, Marie, and a brother, Russell. He attended St. Thomas College and the University of Minnesota, playing football at both schools. He moved to Hollywood in the late 1920s to pursue a career in acting.Before becoming an actor, Richmond (then still known as Fred Bowditch) was a film salesman. In its entry on Richmond, The Film Encyclopedia relates: "[H]e was on a business trip to Hollywood when a Universal executive asked him to test for the lead in The Leather Pushers two-reel action series. He got the part and went on to appear in many other films through the late 40s."
<FC_Bayern_Munich>	Coordinates: 48°6′6.64″N 11°34′22.00″E﻿ / ﻿48.1018444°N 11.5727778°E﻿ / 48.1018444; 11.5727778Fußball-Club Bayern München e. V. (FCB, pronounced [ˈfuːsbalˌklʊp ˈbaɪɐn ˈmʏnçn̩] (listen)), also known as FC Bayern (pronounced [ˌɛft͡seː ˈbaɪɐn] (listen)), Bayern Munich, or simply Bayern, is a German professional sports club based in Munich, Bavaria. It is best known for its professional men's football team, which plays in the Bundesliga, the top tier of the German football league system. Bayern is the most successful club in German football history, having won a record 32 national titles, including 10 consecutively since 2013, and 20 national cups, along with numerous European honours.FC Bayern Munich was founded in 1900 by 11 football players, led by Franz John. Although Bayern won its first national championship in 1932, the club was not selected for the Bundesliga at its inception in 1963. The club had its period of greatest success in the mid-1970s when, under the captaincy of Franz Beckenbauer, it won the European Cup three consecutive times (1974–1976). Overall, Bayern have won six European Cup/UEFA Champions League titles (a German record), winning their sixth title in the 2020 final as part of  the  Treble, after which it became only the second European club to achieve the feat twice. Bayern has also won one UEFA Cup, one European Cup Winners' Cup, two UEFA Super Cups, two FIFA Club World Cups and two Intercontinental Cups, making it one of the most successful European clubs internationally and the only German club to have won both international titles. Bayern players have accumulated five Ballon d'Or awards, two The Best FIFA Men's Player awards, four European Golden Shoe, and three UEFA Men's Player of the Year awards including UEFA Club Footballer of the Year.
<FK_Rad>	FK Rad (Serbian Cyrillic: ФК Рад) is a professional football club based in Banjica, Belgrade, Serbia. They compete in the Serbian First League, the second tier of the national league system.Founded in 1958, the club spent a total of 30 seasons in the top flight between 1987 and 2021, including five seasons in the Yugoslav First League, 12 seasons in the First League of Serbia and Montenegro, and 13 seasons in the Serbian SuperLiga.
<GCap_Media>	GCap Media was a British commercial radio company formed from the merger of the Capital Radio Group and GWR Group. The merger was completed in May 2005.  It was listed on the London Stock Exchange and was a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.  On 31 March 2008 the company agreed a takeover by Global Radio for £375 million. This was completed on 6 June 2008, and the company became a wholly owned subsidiary of Global Radio.On 1 November 2008, Global Radio discontinued using the name GCap Media.
<Natalya_Neidhart>	Natalie Katherine Neidhart-Wilson (born May 27, 1982) is a Canadian-American professional wrestler and columnist. She is currently signed to WWE, where she performs on the SmackDown brand under the ring name Natalya. She is a two-time women's world champion, having won the Divas Championship and SmackDown Women's Championship once each. She was also a one-time WWE Women's Tag Team Champion with Tamina. She is a third generation professional wrestler, and is also the daughter of Hart Foundation member and Hall of Famer Jim Neidhart.Neidhart is a member of the Hart wrestling family through her mother. She trained in the Hart family Dungeon under the tutelage of her uncles Ross and Bruce Hart. From 2000–2001, she worked for the Matrats promotion, before debuting for Stampede Wrestling in 2003. In 2004 and 2005, she wrestled abroad in England and Japan. She became the inaugural Stampede Women's Pacific Champion in 2005, and won the SuperGirls Championship the following year.
<Paul_Heyman>	Paul Heyman (born September 11, 1965) is an American professional wrestling manager, former promoter, photographer, and executive. He is currently signed to WWE, appearing on the SmackDown brand as manager for Roman Reigns. Born in The Bronx to a family of Holocaust survivors, Heyman debuted in the professional wrestling business in 1986. He was the CEO and known as the creative force behind the Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) promotion from 1993 until its closure in 2001. Before running and owning ECW, he was a manager under the ring name Paul E. Dangerously in World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and other promotions. He is the co-owner of the Looking4Larry Agency in New York City, and was personally named one of Advertising Age's Top 100 Global Marketers.
<Francis_Peyton_Rous>	Francis Peyton Rous ForMemRS (/raʊs/) (October 5, 1879 – February 16, 1970) was an American pathologist at the Rockefeller University known for his works in oncoviruses, blood transfusion and physiology of digestion. A medical graduate from the Johns Hopkins University, he was discouraged to become a practicing physician due to severe tuberculosis. After three years of working as an instructor of pathology at the University of Michigan, he became dedicated researcher at the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research for the rest of his career.His discovery in 1911 that a chicken tumor was caused by a virus (later named Rous sarcoma virus) led to more discoveries and understanding of the role of viruses in the development of certain types of cancer. He was awarded a Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his work in 1966, 55 years after his initial discovery and he remains the oldest recipient of the Nobel Prize in Medicine or Physiology.He and Joseph R. Turner studied methods to make use of blood types for blood transfusion. During World War I, they developed a technique for preserving blood sample by using an acid, citrate. This enabled the first practical storage of blood samples for transfusion and was introduced by Oswald H. Robertson at the front line in Belgium in 1917 as the world's first blood bank.
<Akhepatar>	Akhepatar (Gujarati: અખેપાતર, English: An inexhaustible container) is Gujarati language novel written by Bindu Bhatt. The book was awarded by Sahitya Akademi Award for Gujarati in 2003. The book was critically acclaimed by several Gujarati authors including Mansukh Salla and Chandrakant Topiwala.The book was first published in September 1999 by R.R Sheth & Co., Ahmedabad. The book was reprinted in January 2007, May 2011 and in August 2012. The fourth edition of the book includes two critical articles. It has been translated in Hindi by Virendra Narayan Sinh and published as Akshaypaatra in 2011.[citation needed]
<Norman_Maclean>	Norman Fitzroy Maclean (December 23, 1902 – August 2, 1990) was a Scottish-American professor at the University of Chicago who became, following his retirement, a major figure in American literature. Maclean is best known for his collection of novellas A River Runs Through It and Other Stories (1976) and the creative nonfiction book Young Men and Fire (1992).In his novella, A River Runs Through It, Norman Maclean alleged that his paternal ancestors were from the Isle of Mull, in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland. According to his son, however, their paternal ancestors were Gaelic speaking Presbyterians and from the Isle of Coll, which is "located about seven miles west of the Clan MacLean stronghold, the Isle of Mull".
<Cristina_Ferrare>	Cynthia Cristina Ferrare (born 1950) is an American former fashion model, actress, author and talk-show host. She had lead roles in several films in the late-1960s and early-1970s, including the comedy The Impossible Years and the Western film J. W. Coop (both 1968), as well as portraying the titular character in Juan López Moctezuma's horror film Mary, Mary, Bloody Mary (1972).In the 1980s, Ferrare transitioned from acting to hosting several television series, including The Home Show, Home & Family, and Big Bowl of Love on the Oprah Winfrey Network. She has also authored several non-fiction cooking and self-help books.
<Constitution_Party_(United_States)>	The Constitution Party, formerly the U.S. Taxpayers' Party until 1999, is a political party in the United States that promotes a religious conservative view of the principles and intents of the United States Constitution. The party platform is based on originalist interpretations of the Constitution and shaped by principles which it believes were set forth in the Declaration of Independence, the Bill of Rights, the Constitution and the Bible.The party was founded by Howard Phillips, a conservative activist, after President George H. W. Bush violated his pledge of "read my lips: no new taxes". During the 1992 and 1996 presidential elections, the party sought to give its presidential nomination to prominent politicians including Pat Buchanan and Ross Perot, but was unsuccessful and instead selected Phillips as its presidential nominee in three successive elections. Michael Peroutka was given the presidential nomination in 2004, followed by Chuck Baldwin in 2008 (although he faced opposition from multiple state affiliates), Virgil Goode in 2012, Darrell Castle in 2016, and Don Blankenship in 2020.
<Lesley_Boone>	Lesley Boone (born February 25, 1968) is an American producer and television actress, best known for her roles as Marlene Gilbert on the Fox sitcom Babes (1990–1991), as Molly Hudson in the NBC comedy-drama Ed (2000–2004) and as Rose Roberts in the ABC action/adventure show Agent Carter (2015–2016) included in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.Boone married producer/director Larry Teng in 2005; they met on the set of Ed. They divorced in 2013. Boone has two children, Isabella Teng and Lucas Teng.
<VIVA_Media>	Paramount International Networks (PIN) is the international division of Paramount Global. The division oversees the production, broadcasting and promotion of key Paramount's brands outside of the United States. These brands include Paramount Network, Comedy Central, MTV, Nickelodeon, BET and Colors TV, as well as CBS-branded channels, which are co-owned with AMC Networks International. PIN also owns a 30% stake in the Rainbow S.p.A. animation studio in Italy, as well as a 49% stake in an Indian joint venture with domestic partner TV18, Viacom18.The networks' headquarters are located in New York City and London. Other international offices are located in São Paulo, Berlin, Stockholm, Amsterdam, Warsaw, Madrid, Milan, Mumbai, Paris, Singapore, Budapest, Belgrade, and Sydney amongst others. Its first international offices opened in the late 1980s in London and Amsterdam with the launch of MTV Europe. It was created from a rebrand of Viacom's MTV Networks, which included MTV, BET, VH1 and Nickelodeon, to include Comedy Central.
<Free_Soil_Party>	The Free Soil Party was a short-lived coalition political party in the United States active from 1848 to 1854, when it merged into the Republican Party. The party was largely focused on the single issue of opposing the expansion of slavery into the western territories of the United States.The Free Soil Party formed during the 1848 presidential election, which took place in the aftermath of the Mexican–American War and debates over the extension of slavery into the Mexican Cession. After the Whig Party and the Democratic Party nominated presidential candidates who were unwilling to rule out the extension of slavery into the Mexican Cession, anti-slavery Democrats and Whigs joined with members of the abolitionist Liberty Party to form the new Free Soil Party. Running as the Free Soil presidential candidate, former President Martin Van Buren won 10.1 percent of the popular vote, the strongest popular vote performance by a third party up to that point in U.S. history.Though Van Buren and many other Free Soil supporters rejoined the Democrats or the Whigs immediately after the 1848 election, Free Soilers retained a presence in Congress over the next six years. Led by individuals like Salmon P. Chase of Ohio, John P. Hale of New Hampshire, and Charles Sumner of Massachusetts, the Free Soilers strongly opposed the Compromise of 1850, which temporarily settled the issue of slavery in the Mexican Cession. Hale ran as the party's presidential candidate in the 1852 presidential election, taking just under five percent of the vote. The 1854 Kansas–Nebraska Act repealed the long-standing Missouri Compromise and outraged many Northerners, contributing to the collapse of the Whigs and spurring the creation of a new, broad-based anti-slavery party known as the Republican Party. Most Free Soilers joined the Republican Party, which emerged as the dominant political party in the United States in the subsequent Third Party System (1856–1894).
<Charles_A._Phelps>	Charles Abner Phelps (October 19, 1820 – April 27, 1902) was a U.S. physician, diplomat, and politician, who  served as a member, and the Speaker, of the Massachusetts House of Representatives, and as a member and the President of the Massachusetts Senate.Phelps was born to Dr. Abner Phelps and Delia Hubbell (Clark) Phelps on October 19, 1820 on Congress Street in Boston, Massachusetts.  Phelps attended the Mount Pleasant Classical School in Amherst, Massachusetts, where one of his classmates was Henry Ward Beecher  Phelps then went on to study at the Boston Latin School and then Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts, he then studied with a private tutor in Cambridge, Massachusetts to prepare himself for Yale College.  Phelps attended Yale for a year then he transferred to Union College where he graduated in 1841.  Phelps then attended Harvard Medical School graduating in 1844, he did his post graduate work at the Jefferson Medical College in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.Phelps married Phoebe Harris of Albany, New York, she was the sister of U.S. Senator Ira Harris.  On September 14, 1845 their son Charles Harris Phelps was born. Charles physically abused his wife and had her committed to an insane asylum following a confrontation about his extramarital affairs. Charles also attempted to deprive his wife of access to their children. Phoebe took her daughter and fled to a Quaker family but Charles tracked them down and brought them back, so Phoebe sought help from Susan B. Anthony. Anthony spirited the mother and daughter out of town, working to find a safe and confidential place for them. Anthony faced backlash from prominent reformers including Wendell Phillips and William Lloyd Garrison. Massachusetts law gave entire guardianship over children to fathers, and Phillips and Garrison argued that Anthony should obey the law and stay out of the domestic dispute. Anthony refused to reveal Phoebe and her daughter's location. However, Charles was relentless and his agents eventually recaptured the daughter. Phoebe never saw her daughter again.
<Peter_K._Leisure>	Peter Keeton Leisure (March 21, 1929 – September 17, 2013) was a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.Born in New York City, New York, Leisure received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Yale University in 1952 and attended Columbia Law School, but was in the United States Army Lieutenant, Artillery from 1953 to 1955. He received a Bachelor of Laws from the University of Virginia School of Law in 1958. He was in private practice in New York City from 1958 to 1961. He was an Assistant United States Attorney of the Southern District of New York from 1962 to 1966. He was in private practice in New York City from 1966 to 1984.Leisure was nominated by President Ronald Reagan on May 25, 1984, to a seat on the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York vacated by Judge Milton Pollack. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on June 15, 1984, and received commission the same day. He assumed senior status on March 21, 1997, and took inactive senior status in 2010.
<Walla!>	Walla! Communications Ltd. (Hebrew: וואלה! תקשורת בע"מ) is an Israeli internet company headquartered in Tel Aviv and is fully owned by The Jerusalem Post. Until 2020, it was fully owned by Bezeq. Walla!'s web portal provides news, search (powered by Google Search) and e-mail, among other things. It is also one of the first Israeli internet portals, and is considered[by whom?] one of the most popular web sites in the country. As of January 2022[update], Alexa rankings put it in the top 9 sites by traffic originating in Israel. Its online news outlet Walla! News is one of the major Israeli news websites.The outlet has been accused of biased media reporting in favour of former Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Employees of the company have been summoned as witnesses in Case 4000, one of the corruption trials involving Netanyahu.The portal was founded by Erez Pilosof and Gadi Hadar in 1995 as Israel's first online website directory, and soon afterwards acquired by "Mashov Computers Marketing", a member of The Mashov Group headed by Yaki Dunietz and David Assia. In 1998, the company, traded on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange, changed its name to "Walla! Communications Ltd". In the same year, the company was acquired by Formula Systems, headed by Dan Goldstein, and in 2001 it merged with IOL, a similar site run by the Haaretz Group.
<Jose_Prakash>	Jose Prakash (14 April 1925 – 24 March 2012) was an Indian actor and singer who worked in Malayalam cinema. He was a singer turned actor who had appeared in more than 300 films mostly in antagonist roles. He was awarded with the J. C. Daniel Award in 2011, a day before he died aged 86. In a career spanning for around 40 years,  he is known for portraying some of the iconic villain characters in the Malayalam film industry. Later, he switched to character roles in the mid 90s.He was the eldest of the eight children of Kunnel K.J. Joseph & Eliyamma Joseph on 14 April 1925 at Changanassery, Kottayam. He has four younger brothers and three sisters, among whom the youngest brother, Prem Prakash, is also an actor. He had his primary education from Sacred Heart Public School, Kottayam. He was settled around 30 years in Madras and later moved to Cochin. In 2003 his right leg had to be amputated due to Diabetes. He was married to Chinnamma, who predeceased him. They have 6 children, 2 sons and 4 daughters: Elsamma Thomas (nee Joseph), Rajan Joseph, Gracy Maliakal, Shaji Joseph, Jasmine Joseph, and Susan Joseph. He lived with his youngest son Shaji Joseph in Cochin till his death on 24 March 2012.
<Which_Way_Is_Up?>	Which Way is Up? is a 1977 American comedy film starring Richard Pryor and directed by Michael Schultz. It is a remake of the 1972 Italian comedy film The Seduction of Mimi. Richard Pryor plays three roles: an orange picker who has two women at the same time, the orange picker's father, and a reverend who gets the orange picker's wife pregnant.When he falls into a union action by mistake, Leroy Jones is forced out of town. The only option given to Leroy was a one way bus ticket to Los Angeles, where more jobs are available. While he is away, Leroy becomes smitten with Vanetta, a beautiful labor activist. When he returns home, he has to juggle his wife, his new romance with Vanetta, and his new job. Meanwhile, the Reverend Lenox Thomas takes advantage of Leroy's absence to cavort with Annie Mae, leading Leroy to take revenge with the reverend's wife.TV Guide rated Which Way Is Up? 1/5 stars and wrote that Pryor plays his character as unlikable, making the film unfunny.
<Robert_Anderson_(playwright)>	Robert Woodruff Anderson (April 28, 1917 – February 9, 2009) was an American playwright, screenwriter, and theatrical producer. He received two Academy Award nominations for Best Writing, Screenplay Based on Material from Another Medium, for the drama films The Nun's Story (1959) and I Never Sang for My Father (1970), the latter based on his play.Anderson was born in New York City, the son of Myra Esther (Grigg) and James Hewston Anderson, a self-made businessman. He was educated at Phillips Exeter Academy, which he later said he found a lonely experience. While there he fell in love with an older woman, an event which later became the basis of the plot of Tea and Sympathy. Anderson also attended Harvard University, where he took an undergraduate as well as a master's degree.He may be best-remembered as the author of Tea and Sympathy. The play made its Broadway debut in 1953 and was made into a Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film in 1956; both starred Deborah Kerr and John Kerr.
<Katja_Kipping>	Katja Kipping (born 18 January 1978) is a German politician of The Left who is serving as Senator for Integration, Labour and Social Affairs in the Berlin state government since December 2021. She was previously a member of the Bundestag representing Saxony from 2005 to 2021. She was federal co-leader of The Left from 2012 to 2021 alongside Bernd Riexinger.Kipping was born on 18 January 1978 in Dresden, then part of East Germany (GDR). After completing her Abitur in 1996 at Annen-Gymnasium, Kipping spent a voluntary social year in Gatchina, Russia. Following this, she completed a degree in Slavic studies, with a minor in American studies and public law, at the Dresden University of Technology, from which she obtained her Master of Arts degree in 2003. In her final thesis, she examined the mutual relationship between literature and politics. During her studies, she shared an apartment with four other students.
<Frederic_Calland_Williams>	Sir Frederic Calland Williams, CBE FRS (26 June 1911 – 11 August 1977), known as F.C. Williams or Freddie Williams, was an English engineer, a pioneer in radar and computer technology.Williams was born in Romiley, Stockport, and educated at Stockport Grammar School. He gained a scholarship to study engineering at the University of Manchester where he was awarded Bachelor of Science and Master of Science degrees. He was awarded a Doctor of Philosophy degree in 1936 for research carried out as a postgraduate student of Magdalen College, Oxford.
<The_Hangover>	The Hangover is a 2009 American comedy film directed by Todd Phillips, co-produced with Daniel Goldberg, and written by Jon Lucas and Scott Moore. It is the first installment in The Hangover trilogy. The film stars Bradley Cooper, Ed Helms, Zach Galifianakis, Heather Graham, Justin Bartha, Ken Jeong, and Jeffrey Tambor. It tells the story of Phil Wenneck (Cooper), Stu Price (Helms), Alan Garner (Galifianakis), and Doug Billings (Bartha), who travel to Las Vegas for a bachelor party to celebrate Doug's impending marriage. However, Phil, Stu, and Alan wake up with Doug missing and no memory of the previous night's events, and must find the groom before the wedding can take place.Lucas and Moore wrote the script after executive producer Chris Bender's friend disappeared and had a large bill after being sent to a strip club. After Lucas and Moore sold it to the studio for $2 million, Phillips and Jeremy Garelick rewrote the script to include a tiger as well as a subplot involving a baby and a police cruiser, and also including boxer Mike Tyson. Filming took place in Nevada for 15 days, and during filming, the three main actors (Cooper, Helms, and Galifianakis) formed a real friendship.
<Sigmund_Freud>	Sigmund Freud (/frɔɪd/ FROYD, German: [ˈziːkmʊnt ˈfʁɔʏ̯t]; born Sigismund Schlomo Freud; 6 May 1856 – 23 September 1939) was an Austrian neurologist and the founder of psychoanalysis, a clinical method for evaluating and treating pathologies explained as originating in conflicts in the psyche, through dialogue between a patient and a psychoanalyst.Freud was born to Galician Jewish parents in the Moravian town of Freiberg, in the Austrian Empire. He qualified as a doctor of medicine in 1881 at the University of Vienna. Upon completing his habilitation in 1885, he was appointed a docent in neuropathology and became an affiliated professor in 1902. Freud lived and worked in Vienna, having set up his clinical practice there in 1886. In 1938, Freud left Austria to escape Nazi persecution. He died in exile in the United Kingdom in 1939.
<Russian_State_Hydrological_Institute>	The State Hydrological Institute (SHI; Russian: Государственный гидрологический институт, ГГИ) is a research institute of Russia in the field of developing methods for locating hydrological networks and river hydrometry, creating modern models and methods for accelerated measurements of water discharge, runoff accounting at hydroelectric power plants and other hydrology structures.SHI is created under the initiative of the Russian Academy of Sciences in October 1919.The institute cooperates with international organizations such as UNESCO and the World Meteorological Organization.SHI has about 350 employees. The research staff includes about 60 doctors. The institute currently includes such departments as:Coordinates: 59°56′31″N 30°17′12″E﻿ / ﻿59.94194°N 30.28667°E﻿ / 59.94194; 30.28667
<University_of_South_Carolina>	The University of South Carolina (USC, South Carolina, or Carolina) is a public research university in Columbia, South Carolina. It has seven satellite campuses throughout the state and its main campus covers over 359 acres (145 ha) in downtown Columbia not far from the South Carolina State House. The university is classified among "R1: Doctoral Universities with Highest Research Activity". It also houses the largest collection of Robert Burns and Scottish literature materials outside Scotland, and the world's largest Ernest Hemingway collection.Founded in 1801 as South Carolina College, Columbia is the flagship institution of the University of South Carolina System and offers more than 350 programs of study, leading to bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees from 14 degree-granting colleges and schools. The university has a total enrollment of approximately 52,000 students, with over 35,000 on the main Columbia campus as of fall 2019, making it the largest university in South Carolina. USC also has several thousand future students in feeder programs at surrounding technical colleges. Professional schools on the Columbia campus include business, engineering, law, medicine, pharmacy, and social work.
<Praemium_Imperiale>	The Praemium Imperiale (Japanese: 高松宮殿下記念世界文化賞, romanized: Takamatsu-no-miya Denka Kinen Sekai Bunka-shō, lit. 'World Culture Prize in Memory of His Imperial Highness Prince Takamatsu') is an international art prize inaugurated in 1988 and awarded since 1989 by the Imperial family of Japan on behalf of the Japan Art Association in the fields of painting, sculpture, architecture, music, and theatre/film.The prize consists of a gold medal and 15 million Japanese yen, and was created by the Fujisankei Communications Group, which pays the expenses of around $3 million per year. The prizes are awarded for outstanding contributions to the development, promotion and progress of the arts.
<Orange_County_Newschannel>	The Orange County Newschannel (often branded as OC Newschannel and OCN) was a regional cable news network pioneering a rolling news format, serving Orange County, California south of the Greater Los Angeles area. The channel also pioneered the producer - presenter work format where the reporters self-produced television news items using the then emerging light weight cameras and video digitising ingestion systems based on Apple Computer and Oracle Database software.Technically a network because it was carried by multiple cable operators then in business in Orange County, OCN, launched in 1990 by Freedom Communications, was among the earliest regional 24-hour cable news cable television channels (the first being the Cablevision-owned News 12 Networks, which all launched in December 1986).  As early as 1992, OCN began producing news for KTLA (which would eventually attempt to rival the cable channel in its home county).  Freedom sold OCN to New Canaan, Connecticut-based Century Communications, which at the time operated other cable entities in California, most notably in Beverly Hills and Los Angeles, in 1996.The network was purchased by Adelphia Cable in 1999 (eventually the name was changed slightly to Orange County News Channel) and struggled with decreasing profits and ad revenue and ended up going out of business on September 7, 2001 after years of losing money in which the network ended up going bankrupt.  Throughout its life, OCN had a largely captive audience, as the only other sources for news in Orange County were KTLA and KOCE-TV.
<Rafael_Banquells>	Rafael Banquells (born Rafael Banquells Garafulla; 25 June 1917 – 27 October 1990) was a Cuban-born Mexican actor, director and TV producer known in Mexico as Rafael Banquells (I).Banquells was born on 25 June 1917 in La Habana, Cuba. His parents were actors in Spain. He began his career as a movies actor in 1940.  He was married three times. His wives were actresses. First he married Blanca de Castejón (deceased). He was then married to the actress and TV producer Silvia Pinal and they had a daughter, Sylvia Pasquel; and he was last married to the actress Dina de Marco. Their children are José Manuel, Rocío Banquells, Jeanette, Mary Paz, Ariadne and Rafael Jr..
<Amelia_Heinle>	Amelia March Heinle (formerly Weatherly and Luckinbill; born March 17, 1973) is an American actress best known for her roles in American soap operas.Amelia March Heinle was born in Phoenix, Arizona, and has four younger siblings. She grew up in Arizona and moved to New Jersey with her family when she was 15 years old.From 1993 to 1995, she played the role of Stephanie "Steffi" Brewster on the soap opera Loving. She also played the character for two months in that show's short-lived spin off The City from November 1995 until January 1996. In 1994, she was nominated for a Soap Opera Digest Award for "Outstanding Female Newcomer".
<John_Read_(New_Zealand_politician)>	John Read JP (1874 – 14 September 1942) was a New Zealand politician and trade unionist.Born in Clifton, a coal mining town on the hinterlands of Manchester in 1874, Read started work in a mine himself at the age of 12. Read was a labour advocate and joined the Independent Labour Party in 1894.
<Hideki_Shirakawa>	Hideki Shirakawa (白川 英樹, Shirakawa Hideki, born August 20, 1936) is a Japanese chemist, engineer, and Professor Emeritus at the University of Tsukuba and Zhejiang University. He is best known for his discovery of conductive polymers. He was co-recipient of the 2000 Nobel Prize in Chemistry jointly with Alan MacDiarmid and Alan Heeger.Hideki Shirakawa was born in Tokyo, Japan, the second son of a military doctor. He had one elder and one younger brother and sister. Olympic marathoner champion Naoko Takahashi is his second cousin-niece. He lived in Manchukuo and Taiwan during childhood. Around third grade, he moved to Takayama, Gifu, which is the hometown of his mother.Shirakawa graduated from Tokyo Institute of Technology (Tokyo Tech) with a bachelor's degree in chemical engineering in 1961, and his doctorate in 1966. Afterward, he obtained the post of assistant in Chemical Resources Laboratory at Tokyo Tech.
<Samuel_Goldwyn>	Samuel Goldwyn (born Szmuel Gelbfisz; Yiddish: שמואל געלבפֿיש; August 27, 1882 (claimed) –  January 31, 1974), also known as Samuel Goldfish, was a Polish-born American film producer. He was best known for being the founding contributor and executive of several motion picture studios in Hollywood. He was awarded the 1973 Golden Globe Cecil B. DeMille Award, the Irving G. Thalberg Memorial Award (1947) and the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award (1958).Goldwyn was likely born in July 1879, although he claimed his birthday to be August 27, 1882. He was born as Szmuel Gelbfisz in Warsaw to Polish Jewish Hasidic parents, Aaron Dawid Gelbfisz (1859–1894), a peddler, and his wife, Hanna Frymet  (née Fiszhaut ; 1860–1925).He left Warsaw penniless after his father's death and made his way to Hamburg. There he stayed with acquaintances of his family where he has trained as a glove maker. On November 26, 1898, Gelbfisz left Hamburg for Birmingham, England, where he remained with relatives for six weeks under the name Samuel Goldfish. On January 4, 1899, he sailed from Liverpool, arrived in Philadelphia on January 19, and went to New York. He found work in upstate Gloversville, New York in the bustling glove business. Soon, his innate marketing skills made him a very successful salesman at the Elite Glove Company. After four years as vice-president of sales, he moved to New York City and settled at 10 West 61st Street.
<Eros_Djarot>	Erros Djarot (born 22 July 1950) is an Indonesian songwriter, director and politician. Beginning his music career with the soundtrack of Kawin Lari in 1976, Djarot became famous with the success of Badai Pasti Berlalu and its soundtrack album. In 1988, he directed Tjoet Nja' Dhien which received nine Citra Awards and was Indonesia's submission to the 62nd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. In the late 1990s, Djarot entered politics, later forming the Bung Karno National Party in 2002.Djarot was born in Rangkasbitung, Banten on 22 July 1950. He attended elementary and junior high school in Yogyakarta, where he became active with the student organization Gerakan Siswa Nasional Indonesia. He then attended senior high school in Belitung, South Sumatra. In 1969, he went to Cologne, West Germany to study Industrial Engineering at the Cologne University of Applied Sciences.In 1975, Djarot returned to Indonesia and formed the music group Barong. The following year, the American Embassy offered Djarot a chance to study at the London International Film School.
<David_Mumford>	David Bryant Mumford (born 11 June 1937) is an American mathematician known for his work in algebraic geometry and then for research into vision and pattern theory. He won the Fields Medal and was a MacArthur Fellow. In 2010 he was awarded the National Medal of Science. He is currently a University Professor Emeritus in the Division of Applied Mathematics at Brown University.Mumford was born in Worth, West Sussex in England, of an English father and American mother. His father William started an experimental school in Tanzania and worked for the then newly created United Nations.
<America's_Funniest_Home_Videos>	America's Funniest Home Videos, also called America's Funniest Videos (abbreviated as AFV), is an American video clip television series on ABC, based on the Japanese variety show Fun TV with Kato-chan and Ken-chan. The show features humorous homemade videos that are submitted by viewers. The most common videos feature unintentional physical comedy, pets or children and some staged pranks.Originally airing as a special in 1989, it later debuted as a regular weekly series in 1990. The show was hosted by comedian Bob Saget for the 1989 special and the first eight seasons of the series incarnation. After Saget's retirement from hosting in 1997, John Fugelsang and Daisy Fuentes later took over as co-host for its ninth and tenth seasons. After two years of being shown as occasional specials, hosted by various actors and comedians such as D. L. Hughley, Richard Kind, Stuart Scott, Steve Carell, Mike Kasem and Kerri Kasem, ABC brought the series back on Friday nights in 2001 with Tom Bergeron, who hosted the show for fifteen seasons. Alfonso Ribeiro took over as host in 2015 after Bergeron's retirement. On October 29, 2018, ABC renewed AFV for two more seasons, bringing to its 30th (which premiered on Sunday, September 29, 2019) and 31st (which premiered on Sunday, October 18, 2020) seasons. During the COVID-19 pandemic, host segments of episodes were filmed outside of the studio. These episodes featured quarantined individuals dealing with the lockdown and social distancing, and were called AFV@Home. The last episodes of the thirtieth season featured Ribeiro in an empty studio communicating via the large monitor, which would be the format used in the 31st season. On May 13, 2021, ABC renewed AFV for a 32nd season which premiered on October 3 of the same year.On May 13, 2022, ABC renewed AFV for a 33rd season which premiered on October 2 of the same year. For this season a portion of the live audience would return and the weekly prize money would be doubled.
<Kenza_Fourati>	Kenza Fourati (Arabic: كنزة الفراتي) is a Tunisian model.Fourati was born in Lille, northern France, on 13 May 1987. She moved to Tunisia with her family when she was two months old, growing up in the coastal town of La Marsa.
<Mandalay_Sports_Entertainment>	Mandalay Sports Entertainment (MSE) is a subsidiary of Mandalay Entertainment Group. MSE previously owned a number of minor-league baseball teams, via its former Mandalay Baseball subsidiary, and was responsible for managing others.
<Gerald_Ford>	Gerald Rudolph Ford Jr. (/ˈdʒɛrəld/ JERR-əld; born Leslie Lynch King Jr.; July 14, 1913 – December 26, 2006) was an American politician who served as the 38th president of the United States from 1974 to 1977. He was the only president never to have been elected to the office of president or vice president as well as the only president to date from Michigan. He previously served as the leader of the Republican Party in the House of Representatives, and was appointed to be the 40th vice president in 1973. When President Richard Nixon resigned in 1974, Ford succeeded to the presidency, but was defeated for election to a full term in 1976.Born in Omaha, Nebraska, and raised in Grand Rapids, Michigan, Ford attended the University of Michigan, where he was a member of the school's football team, winning two national championships. Following his senior year, he turned down offers from the Detroit Lions and Green Bay Packers, instead opting to go to Yale Law School. After the attack on Pearl Harbor, he enlisted in the U.S. Naval Reserve, serving from 1942 to 1946; he left as a lieutenant commander. Ford began his political career in 1949 as the U.S. representative from Michigan's 5th congressional district. He served in this capacity for nearly 25 years, the final nine of them as the House minority leader. In December 1973, two months after the resignation of Spiro Agnew, Ford became the first person appointed to the vice presidency under the terms of the 25th Amendment. After the subsequent resignation of President Nixon in August 1974, Ford immediately assumed the presidency.
<5pb.>	Mages Inc. (株式会社メージス, Kabushiki gaisha Mējisu, stylized "MAGES.inc"), formerly 5pb. Inc. (株式会社5pb., Kabushiki gaisha 5pb., short for "The Five powered & basics"), is a Japanese video game developer and record label for video game and anime music. It was formed on April 6, 2005 after Chiyomaru Shikura left Scitron to begin the company as its executive director, a position he still holds. The company is divided into two parts, 5pb. Games for the manufacturing of video games, and 5pb. Records for the record label. It was a wholly owned subsidiary of the TYO Group until Shikura purchased the remaining rights from the TYO Group on April 15, 2009. Shikura co-owns 5pb. with AGOne, an affiliate of Dwango Japan. Staff members include scenario writer Naotaka Hayashi, artist Yukihiro Matsuo, and producer Tatsuya Matsuhara.In April 2011, a group of companies consisting of Arkray, Seed Project, Dwango Creative School, Animelo Summer Life, 5pb. Records, and 5pb. Games merged under the parent company Mages. Inc. led by executive director Chiyomaru Shikura. In July 2019, Mages was acquired by Shikura's concept studio Chiyomaru Studio, with the goal of being more flexible and fast in its decisions as a company independent from their parent company Dwango and from the Kadokawa group. With that said, while Mages would no longer be a part of Kadokawa Group following the management buyout, it still expected to maintain the same favorable relationship with the Group that it had so far. Along with this buyout, the company intended to strengthen its branding by consolidating the 5pb. brand into Mages.In March 2020, Colopl acquired Mages from Chiyomaru Studio for ¥1.612 billion (approximately US$14.92 million).
<Rajashree_Choudhury>	Bikram Choudhury (born 1944) is an Indian-born American yoga guru, and the founder of Bikram Yoga, a form of hot yoga consisting of a fixed series of 26 postures practised in a hot environment of 40 °C (104 °F). The business became a success in the United States and then across the Western world, with a variety of celebrity pupils. His former wife Rajashree Choudhury assisted him in the yoga business.In 2009, he began a series of copyright claims to protect the series of postures of Bikram Yoga; this was ultimately unsuccessful, and other studios continue to teach the series.
<Harry_Solter>	Henry Lewis "Harry" Solter (November 19, 1873 – March 2, 1920) was an American silent film actor, screenwriter and director.Solter began his career as an actor in 1908 with Biograph Studios. That same year he met actress Florence Lawrence while making the film Romeo and Juliet for Vitagraph Studios and married on August 30 of that year. In 1909, Solter began working for Carl Laemmle's Independent Moving Pictures Co. of America (IMP) as an actor but also as a director. Over the next nine years, he directed 148 silent films.In 1912, Harry Solter and his wife established the Victor Studios in Fort Lee, New Jersey. In 1913, they sold out to Carl Laemmle whose amalgamation of several studios created the colossal Universal Film Manufacturing Co. Solter continued to direct for the new company until 1918 when health problems emerged. With this new prosperity, Florence was able to realize a 'lifelong dream,' buying a 50-acre (20 ha) estate in River Vale, New Jersey.
<So_Dear_to_My_Heart>	So Dear to My Heart is a 1948 American live-actio/animated film produced by Walt Disney and released by RKO Radio Pictures. Its world premiere was in Chicago, Illinois, on November 29, 1948. Like 1946's Song of the South, the film combines animation and live action. It is based on the 1943 Sterling North book Midnight and Jeremiah. The book was revised by North to parallel the film's storyline amendments and then re-issued under the same title as the film.The film was a personal favorite of Walt Disney, since it re-created on film one of the most memorable times of his life, growing up on a small farm in the American Midwest at the turn of the twentieth century. Walt said: "So Dear was especially close to me. Why, that's the life my brother and I grew up with as kids out in Missouri." Walt had intended that this would be the first all live-action Disney feature film, but his distributor, RKO, convinced him that when audiences saw the word "Disney," they expected animation. Thus they split the difference.
<Farhan_Akhtar>	Farhan Akhtar (born 9 January 1974) is an Indian actor, director, screenwriter, playback singer, producer, and television host who works in Hindi films. Born in Mumbai to screenwriters Javed Akhtar and Honey Irani, he grew up under the influence of the Indian film industry.Akhtar, after establishing a production company named Excel Entertainment along with Ritesh Sidhwani in 1999, made his directorial debut with Dil Chahta Hai (2001) and received widespread critical acclaim for portraying modern Indian youth in the film, which won the National Award for Best Hindi Film and the Filmfare Award for Best Film (Critics). Following this, he directed the cult war film Lakshya (2004) and made his Hollywood debut through the soundtrack of Bride and Prejudice (2004), for which he and sister Zoya Akhtar served as lyricists. Next came the commercially successful Don (2006), his third directorial venture, post which he directed a short film titled Positive (2007) to spread awareness on HIV-AIDS.
<N.E.C._(football_club)>	NEC Nijmegen (Nijmegen Eendracht Combinatie), commonly known as NEC (Dutch pronunciation: [ɛneːˈseː]), is a professional Dutch association football club based in Nijmegen. The club currently competes in the Eredivisie, the top tier of Dutch football, following promotion from the 2020–21 Eerste Divisie.The club has reached the final of the KNVB Cup on four occasions – in 1973, 1983, 1994 and 2000 – but has never won any major silverware.The oldest remnant of NEC Nijmegen, Eendracht, was formed on 15 November 1900 by three men - August Lodenstijn, Antoon Kuypers and Wouter de Lent - representing the people from the benedenstad (lower town) who, due to their working class status, were not able to play for the major club in the city, Quick 1888.
<Sara_Kishon>	Sara Kishon (Hebrew: שרה  קישון; October 8, 1931 – March 24, 2002) was a pianist, art collector, and the wife of the Israeli author and satirist Ephraim Kishon.Sara was a graduate of the Juilliard School in New York with a Master's in Music and Piano.Ephraim and Sara Kishon got married in 1959. Sara Kishon was known in Kishon's books as the "Little Woman" or "The Best Wife of All". Sara was a significant driving force in Ephraim Kishon's career and international success. Sara is the mother of Amir and Renana Kishon.
<Vince_Dooley>	Vincent Joseph Dooley (September 4, 1932 – October 28, 2022) was an American college football coach.  He was the head coach of the Georgia Bulldogs from 1964 to 1988, as well as the University of Georgia's (UGA) athletic director from 1979 to 2004.  During his 25-year head coaching career, Dooley compiled a 201–77–10 record.  His teams won six Southeastern Conference titles and the 1980 national championship.  After the 1980 season, Dooley was recognized as college football's "Coach of the Year" by several organizations.Dooley was born in Mobile, Alabama, on September 4, 1932.  He was of Irish and Italian descent.  He attended the McGill Institute, administered by the Brothers of the Sacred Heart.  He competed on behalf of McGill's athletic teams, known as the Yellow Jackets.  He was recognized as an all-state player in both football and basketball, but considered the latter to be his best sport.
<Erin_McGathy>	Erin McGathy is an American podcast host, artist, and comedian. She hosted the podcast This Feels Terrible, appeared and improvised in Harmontown, and co-hosted Human Conversation with Wayne Federman.McGathy was born in Japan and was raised in San Diego, California. She is the daughter of a preacher. She started in improvisational comedy in high school.McGathy began performing at the Upright Citizen's Brigade Theatre in 2007. Her solo show about relationships, This Feels Terrible, premiered at UCB in 2010. It later became a podcast, with McGathy interviewing comedians and friends about their relationships. Notable guests included comedians Marc Maron, Dan Harmon, Wayne Federman, and director Rob Schrab.
<Hermsprong>	Hermsprong: or, Man As He is Not is a 1796 philosophical novel by Robert Bage. It is the main work for which Bage is remembered and was his last novel. He had previously published a novel entitled Man As He Is.The novel was regarded as radical at the time it was published. It was shaped by the revolutionary ideas of its period and expresses some feminist views through two of its characters, the eponymous hero and Maria Fluart. The views voiced by Fluart were applauded by Mary Wollstonecraft.The novel has a somewhat disjointed structure. The first half has strong philosophical content, but in the second half the book, whilst retaining a strong satirical element, becomes more of a sentimental novel.
<Hymns_of_The_Church_of_Jesus_Christ_of_Latter-day_Saints_(1985_book)>	Hymns of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is the official hymnal of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).Published in English in 1985, and later in many other languages, it is used throughout the LDS Church. This article refers to the English version. The book was published on the 150th anniversary of the publication of the first LDS hymnbook, compiled by Emma Smith in 1835. Previous hymnbooks used by the church include The Manchester Hymnal (1840), The Psalmody (1889), Songs of Zion (1908), Hymns (1927), and Hymns (1948).On June 18, 2018, the church announced that updated versions of the hymnbook and the Children's Songbook would be created, by soliciting feedback for a one-year period concluding in July 2019, culminating in unified versions of the books in languages used by congregations worldwide, having the same numbering system.The book contains a table of contents, followed by a preface with a message from the church's first presidency, which encourages church members to use the hymn book at meetings and in their homes to invite the spirit and to teach doctrine.
<Fellow_of_the_British_Academy>	Fellowship of the British Academy (FBA) is an award granted by the British Academy to leading academics for their distinction in the humanities and social sciences. The categories are:The award of fellowship is based on published work and fellows may use the post-nominal letters FBA. Examples of Fellows are Edward Rand, Mary Beard; Nicholas Stern, Baron Stern of Brentford; Michael Lobban; M. R. James; Friedrich Hayek; Lord Keynes; and Rowan Williams.
<Daisy,_Princess_of_Pless>	Daisy, Princess of Pless (Mary Theresa Olivia; née Cornwallis-West; 28 June 1873 – 29 June 1943) was a noted society beauty in the Edwardian period, and during her marriage a member of one of the wealthiest European noble families. Daisy and her husband Prince Hans Heinrich XV were the owners of large estates and coal mines in Silesia (now in Poland) which brought the Hochbergs enormous fortune.Born Mary Theresa Olivia Cornwallis-West at Ruthin Castle in Denbighshire, Wales, she was the daughter of Col. William Cornwallis-West (1835–1917) and his wife, Mary "Patsy" FitzPatrick (1856–1920). Her father was a patrilineal great-grandson of John West, 2nd Earl De La Warr. Her mother was a daughter of Reverend Frederick FitzPatrick, a descendant of Barnaby Fitzpatrick, 1st Baron Upper Ossory (and thus the Kings of Osraige) and Lady Olivia Taylour, daughter of the 2nd Marquess of Headfort.
<Marcela_Temer>	Marcela Tedeschi de Araújo Temer (born 16 May 1983) is the wife of Michel Temer, the 37th President of Brazil, She served as the 36th First Lady of Brazil, from 31 August 2016 until 1 January 2019. She also served as the Second Lady of Brazil from 2011 to 2016. As first lady, she worked on social policies for children, having been an Ambassador for the Happy Child Program.Marcela was born and raised in Paulínia. She graduated from the Autonomous Faculty of Law (FADISP). She was Miss Paulínia and Vice-Miss São Paulo.
<Italian_Socialist_Party>	The Italian Socialist Party (Italian: Partito Socialista Italiano, PSI) was a socialist and later social-democratic political party in Italy, whose history stretched for longer than a century, making it one of the longest-living parties of the country.Founded in Genoa in 1892, the PSI dominated the Italian left until after World War II, when it was eclipsed in status by the Italian Communist Party. The Socialists came to special prominence in the 1980s, when their leader Bettino Craxi, who had severed the residual ties with the Soviet Union and re-branded the party as "liberal-socialist", served as Prime Minister (1983–1987). The PSI was disbanded in 1994 as a result of the Tangentopoli scandals.
<Glendale,_California>	Glendale is a city in the San Fernando Valley and Verdugo Mountains regions of Los Angeles County, California, United States. At the 2020 U.S. Census the population was 196,543, up from 191,719 at the 2010 census, making it the fourth-largest city in Los Angeles County and the 24th-largest city in California. It is located about 10 miles (16 km) north of downtown Los Angeles.Glendale lies in the Verdugo Mountains, and is a suburb in the Los Angeles metropolitan area. The city is bordered to the northwest by the Sun Valley and Tujunga neighborhoods of Los Angeles; to the northeast by La Cañada Flintridge and the unincorporated area of La Crescenta; to the west by Burbank and Griffith Park; to the east by Eagle Rock and Pasadena; to the south by the Atwater Village neighborhood of Los Angeles; and to the southeast by Glassell Park neighborhood of Los Angeles. The Golden State, Ventura, Glendale, and Foothill freeways run through the city.
<Sternenberg_(film)>	Sternenberg is a 2004 Swiss German language film. It was filmed and produced at locations in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland, and stars Mathias Gnädinger, Walo Lüönd and Stephanie Glaser.Franz (Mathias Gnädinger) is shocked when he returns after 30 years to his hometown Sternenberg – the primary school of Sternenberg will be closed as there is a just a handful of students in the small isolated village in the Töss Valley, and the teacher thus would lose her job. Franz is personally concerned and hides a secret, as the teacher, Eva Joos (Sara Capretti), is his daughter. But he did not dare to tell Eva that he is her father. Eva also repeatedly stressed that her father was an "asshole" who had never been interested in his family; she would not want to meet him, even if she could. To help Eva and to get in touch to her, Franz decides to save the school, and goes about this task in an unusual way: he enrolls as a student and pretends that he had not attended school as a child. He therefore claims his "right to education". The trick seems to work, and the minimum number of students is reached, but it needs to ensure that the school will continuously be funded. Franz goes along with the children to school, thus Eva reacts very dismissive at first, but the being to get closer.The title of the film derives from the former independent municipality of Sternenberg that merged in 2015 with Bauma ZH.
<Thomas_Cech>	Thomas Robert Cech (born December 8, 1947) is an American chemist who shared the 1989 Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Sidney Altman, for their discovery of the catalytic properties of RNA. Cech discovered that RNA could itself cut strands of RNA, suggesting that life might have started as RNA. He also studied telomeres, and his lab discovered an enzyme, TERT (telomerase reverse transcriptase), which is part of the process of restoring telomeres after they are shortened during cell division. As president of Howard Hughes Medical Institute, he promoted science education, and he teaches an undergraduate chemistry course at the University of Colorado.Cech was born to parents of Czech origin (his grandfather was Czech, his other grandparents were first-generation Americans) in Chicago, he grew up in Iowa City, Iowa. In junior high school, he knocked on the doors of geology professors at the University of Iowa, and asked them to discuss crystal structures, meteorites and fossils.
<Deportivo_de_La_Coruña>	Real Club Deportivo de La Coruña (lit. 'Royal Sporting Club of La Coruña'), commonly known as Deportivo La Coruña (pronounced [ðepoɾˈtiβo la koˈɾuɲa]), Deportivo or simply Dépor, is a professional football club based in the city of A Coruña, Galicia, Spain. They currently play in the Primera División RFEF – Group 1, the third tier of the football league pyramid in Spain.Founded in 1906 as Club Deportivo de la Sala Calvet by Federico Fernández-Amor Calvet, Deportivo have won the league title once, in the 1999–2000 season, and finished as runner-up on five occasions. The club have also won the Spanish Cup twice (1994–95 and 2001–02), and three Spanish Super Cups. The Blue and Whites were a regular fixture in the top positions of La Liga for the best part of 20 years, from 1991 to 2010, finishing in the top half of the table in 16 out of 19 seasons, and are ranked 12th in the all-time La Liga table. As a result, the club was a regular participant in European competitions, playing in the UEFA Champions League for five consecutive seasons between 2000–01 and 2004–05, reaching the quarterfinals twice and reaching the semi-finals in the 2003–04 season.
<Mark_Dacascos>	Mark Alan Dacascos (born February 26, 1964) is an American actor, martial artist and television personality. He won numerous karate and kung fu championships between the ages of 7 and 18. He is known for his roles as Wo Fat in Hawaii Five-0, Louis Stevens in Only the Strong, Mani in Brotherhood of the Wolf, Toby Wong in Drive, Ling in Cradle 2 the Grave, the titular role in Crying Freeman and Zero in John Wick: Chapter 3 – Parabellum.Perhaps best known as "The Chairman" on Food Network's Iron Chef America series since January 2005, he has continued the role as of 2022 on Netflix's Iron Chef: Quest for an Iron Legend. His other roles include Kung Lao in the web series Mortal Kombat: Legacy, Eric Draven in The Crow: Stairway to Heaven and Eubulon in Kamen Rider: Dragon Knight. He also competed in the ninth season of Dancing with the Stars.
<Bill_Pickering_(rocket_scientist)>	William Hayward Pickering ONZ KBE (24 December 1910 – 15 March 2004) was a New Zealand-born aerospace engineer who headed Pasadena, California's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) for 22 years, retiring in 1976. He was a senior NASA luminary and pioneered the exploration of space. Pickering was also a founding member of the United States National Academy of Engineering.Born in Wellington, New Zealand, on 24 December 1910, Pickering attended Havelock School, Marlborough, and Wellington College. After spending a year at the Canterbury University College, he moved to the United States (where he subsequently naturalized), to complete a bachelor's degree at the California Institute of Technology ("Caltech"), and later, in 1936, a PhD in Physics. His speciality was in Electrical Engineering, and he majored in what is now commonly known in scientific vernacular as 'telemetry'.
<Tod_Eberle>	Charles Albert "Tod" Eberle (July 4, 1886 – May 10, 1967) was an American player and coach of college football and college basketball.Eberle graduated from Swarthmore College in 1911, where he lettered in football, basketball, baseball, and track; he was also a member of the Kappa Sigma fraternity.Eberle served as the head football coach at New Hampshire College of Agriculture and the Mechanic Arts for 1912 and 1913, compiling a record of 5–8–1. Eberle was also the head basketball coach at New Hampshire for the 1912–13 season, tallying a mark of 5–5.
<Julio_Álvarez>	Julio Álvarez Mosquera (born 1 May 1981) is a Venezuelan retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder, and the assistant manager of SD Ponferradina.He appeared in 98 La Liga games over five seasons (14 goals), representing Racing de Santander, Rayo Vallecano, Murcia, Almería and Mallorca. In addition, he played 376 matches in Segunda División, mainly at the service of Numancia.
<C.D._Nacional>	Clube Desportivo Nacional, commonly known as Nacional and sometimes Nacional da Madeira (Portuguese pronunciation: [nɐsjuˈnal dɐ mɐˈðɐjɾɐ]), is a Portuguese football club based in Funchal, on the island of Madeira.Founded on 8 December 1910, it currently plays in the Liga Portugal 2, Portugal's second-tier division of professional football. It plays its home games at Estádio da Madeira, also known as Estádio da Choupana. Built in 1998 and named at the time Estádio Eng. Rui Alves after the current club president Rui Alves, it seats approximately 5,132 people. The stadium is located in the north of Funchal, high in the mountains of the Choupana district.
<CBS>	CBS Broadcasting Inc., commonly shortened to CBS, the abbreviation of its former legal name Columbia Broadcasting System, is an American commercial broadcast television and radio network serving as the flagship property of the CBS Entertainment Group division of Paramount Global.Its headquarters is at the CBS Building in New York City. It has major production facilities and operations at the CBS Broadcast Center and the headquarters of owner Paramount Global at One Astor Plaza (both also in that city) and Television City and the CBS Studio Center in Los Angeles. It is also sometimes referred to as the Eye Network in reference to the company's trademark symbol which has been in use since 1951. It has also been called the Tiffany Network which alludes to the perceived high quality of its programming during the tenure of William S. Paley.[clarification needed] It can also refer to some of CBS's first demonstrations of color television, which were held in the former Tiffany and Company Building in New York City in 1950.The network has its origins in United Independent Broadcasters Inc., a radio network founded in Chicago by New York City talent agent Arthur Judson in January 1927. In April of that year, the Columbia Phonograph Company, parent of the Columbia record label, invested in the network, resulting in its rebranding as the Columbia Phonographic Broadcasting System (CPBS).  In early 1928, Judson and Columbia sold the network to Isaac and Leon Levy, two brothers who owned WCAU, the network's Philadelphia affiliate, as well as their partner Jerome Louchheim. They installed Paley, an in-law of the Levys, as president of the network. With the Columbia record label out of ownership, Paley rebranded the network as the Columbia Broadcasting System. By September 1928, Paley became the network's majority owner with 51 percent of the business. Paramount Pictures then acquired the other 49 percent of CBS in 1929, but the Great Depression eventually forced the studio to sell its shares back to the network in 1932. CBS would then remain primarily an independent company throughout the next 63 years. Under Paley's guidance, CBS would first become one of the largest radio networks in the United States, and eventually one of the Big Three American broadcast television networks. CBS ventured and expanded its horizons through television starting in the 1940s, spinning-off its broadcast syndication division Viacom to a separate company in 1971. Westinghouse Electric Corporation then purchased CBS in 1995 and rebranded itself as CBS Corporation. In 1974, CBS dropped its original full name and became known simply as CBS, Inc. The Westinghouse Electric Corporation acquired the network in 1995, renaming its corporate entity to its current name CBS Broadcasting, Inc. two years later, and eventually adopted the name of the company it had acquired to become CBS Corporation. In 2000, CBS came under the control of the original incarnation of Viacom, which was formed as a spin-off of CBS in 1971. In 2005, Viacom split itself into two separate companies and re-established CBS Corporation through the spin-off of its broadcast television, radio and select cable television and non-broadcasting assets, with the CBS network at its core. CBS Corporation was controlled by Sumner Redstone through National Amusements, which also controlled the second incarnation of Viacom until December 4, 2019, when the two separated companies agreed to re-merge to become ViacomCBS. Following the sale, CBS and its other broadcasting and entertainment assets were reorganized into a new division, CBS Entertainment Group.
<WBACH>	WBACH was a radio network in the American state of Maine, active from 1991 to 2017. Airing on four stations at its peak, the network broadcast a classical music format from studios in Kennebunk.Following the bankruptcy of Nassau Broadcasting Partners in 2011, the network's stations were sold off and largely converted to translators of other radio stations. The WBACH format and branding remained on one of the former network's stations, WBQX in Thomaston, and was added in 2013 to a new translator in Portland. The stations dropped the classical format in 2017.The WBACH format was launched in November 1991, initially airing on WBQQ 99.3 in Kennebunk.  The station was founded by Mariner Broadcasting, and (after assembling its network) was acquired by Nassau Broadcasting Partners in 2003.
<LafargeHolcim>	Holcim is a Swiss-based global building materials and aggregates flagship division of the Holcim Group. The original company was merged on 10 July 2015 with Lafarge to form LafargeHolcim as the new company and renamed to Holcim Group in 2021. When the merger was completed, the Holcim brand was retained within the group.Founded in 1912, the company expanded into France and then throughout Europe and Middle East during the 1920s.  They expanded in the Americas during the 1950s and went public in 1958. The company continued to expand in Latin America and added Asian divisions during the 1970s and 1980s. A series of mergers and buyouts made Holcim one of the two largest cement manufacturers worldwide by 2014, roughly tied with rival Lafarge. In April 2014, the two companies agreed to a US$60 billion "merger of equals". The company was the market leader in cement production in Australia, Azerbaijan, India, Slovakia, Switzerland, and Latin America. 
<Brown_Shoe_Company's_Homes-Take_Factory>	Brown Shoe Company's Homes-Take Factory, also known as the International Hat Company Warehouse, is a historic building location at 1201 Russell Boulevard in the Soulard neighborhood of St. Louis, Missouri.  Built in 1904, by renowned architect Albert B. Groves, the building was originally a factory for the Brown Shoe Company, based in St. Louis.  In 1954, the factory was subsequently converted into a warehouse by the International Hat Company.   The site has been recognized as a testament to Grove's architectural expertise in the principles of factory design, namely technical advances in layout planning, operational efficiency, and employee safety.  Additionally, the factory epitomizes the early 20th century cultural transformation and socio-industrial development of St. Louis into a manufacturing powerhouse.  In particular, the Brown Shoe Company is recognized as a principal player in challenging the 19th century dominance of the New England shoe industry. This significantly contributed to the early 20th century sobriquet of St. Louis as the city of "shoes, booze, and blues."  The Brown Shoe Company's Homes-Take factory is considered to be among the pioneering industrial facilities of this historic transformation.The Homes-Take factory was designed and constructed in 1904 by the noted St. Louis architect Albert B. Groves (1866-1925).  The Brown Shoe Company paid $66,000 for the construction project, which with inflation would cost over $1,700,000 in 2015.  Groves designed and built eighteen churches in St. Louis, as well as a myriad of commercial, residential, and industrial buildings.   In particular, Groves developed eleven factories for the Brown Shoe Company.  The Homes-Take factory began production with a medium-priced line of women's dress shoes.During the Great Depression, the factory was permanently mothballed.  In 1954, the property was bought by the International Hat Company, which converted the factory into a warehouse.  The Mexican Hat factory purchased a separate part of the building and converted the section into office space.   The International Hat warehouse operated until 1976.  That same year, the entire building was sold to the Junior Achievement of the Mississippi Valley.  In 1978, the building was bought by Allen Market Lane Apartments.  According to historian M. M. Constanin, the area at the time appeared as a sort of "Brechtian gloom," insofar as the abandoned building and street created a sense of alienation and detachment from the once vibrant and purposeful area.
<Jonathon_Dutton>	Jonathon Dutton (born 13 August 1981) is an Australian actor and director. From 1998 to 2002, Dutton played Tad Reeves in Neighbours. He later returned to the show as a director. Dutton has also appeared in MDA, Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps and Packed to the Rafters.Dutton was born in Geelong.  He had a small part in the Australian soap opera Neighbours, before going on to secure the regular role of Tad Reeves. He also made appearances in Thunderstone and Blue Heelers.
<Raja_Gidh>	Raja Gidh (Urdu: راجه گدھ) by Bano Qudsia is an Urdu novel. Gidh is the Urdu word for a vulture and Raja is a Hindi synonym for king. The name anticipates the kingdom of vultures. In fact, parallel to the main plot of the novel, an allegorical story of such a kingdom is narrated. The metaphor of the vulture as an animal feeding mostly on the carcasses of dead animals is employed to portray the trespassing of ethical limits imposed by the society or by the religion.[citation needed]This article about a 1980s novel is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
<Book_League_of_America>	The Book League of America, Inc. was a US book publisher and mail order book sales club. It was established in 1930, a few years after the Book of the Month Club. Its founder was Lawrence Lamm, previously an editor at Macmillan Inc. The company was located at 100 Fifth Avenue, New York City, New York in a 240,000-square-foot (22,000 m2) office building that was constructed in 1906. It printed and  distributed a variety of volumes in the 1920s, 1930s, 1940s, and 1950s. A victim of the Great Depression, the Book League of America was purchased by Doubleday in 1936.Book League of America printed and published contemporary and classic books.  The clothbound hardcover was commonly a dark navy-blue, though sometimes red or black.  There was an embossed logo on the front.  Depending upon a variety of exposure conditions and perhaps publishing years, the spine cloth faded differently, with some of the spines remaining dark navy, while others turned purple or navy-green.  The spine featured book title and author in gold or silver gilt lettering, along with decorative scrolling, sometimes in an art deco motif.Most of the pages were smooth-cut on the top and bottom edges, and deckled on the outer edge.  Some books contained the note: "This book is standard length, complete and unabridged.  Manufactured under wartime conditions in conformity with all government regulations controlling the use of paper and other materials."  This explains the yellowed or tanning paper condition, more noticeable in some books than others.  Some books were illustrated. Many of the books did not include a publish date.  Dust jackets were not included.
<George_Stubbs>	George Stubbs ARA (25 August 1724 – 10 July 1806) was an English painter, best known for his paintings of horses. Self-trained, Stubbs learnt his skills independently from other great artists of the 18th century such as Reynolds or Gainsborough. Stubbs' output includes history paintings, but his greatest skill was in painting animals, perhaps influenced by his love and study of anatomy. His series of paintings on the theme of a lion attacking a horse are early and significant examples of the Romantic movement that emerged in the late 18th century. His painting, Whistlejacket hangs in the National Gallery, London.Stubbs was born in Liverpool, the son of a currier, or leather-dresser, John Stubbs, and his wife Mary. Information on his life until the age of 35 or so is sparse, relying almost entirely on notes made by Ozias Humphry, a fellow artist and friend; Humphry's informal memoir, which was not intended for publication, was based on a series of private conversations he had with Stubbs around 1794, when Stubbs was 70 years old, and Humphry 52.
<Mon_Line>	The Mon Line is an 85-mile long Norfolk Southern rail line which runs along the Monongahela River for most of its route.The predecessor of this line is the Pittsburgh, Virginia and Charleston Railway. The northern portion (Pittsburgh to West Brownsville) of the line is the former main line of the Monongahela Division of the Pennsylvania Railroad, and the southern portion (West Brownsville to Waynesburg) was once part of the Monongahela Railway's Waynesburg Southern Branch.
<Telford_Cut>	Telford Cut was an open-cut coal mine, now closed, in the Leigh Creek Coalfield in South Australia. For the 72 years between its opening in 1943 and its closure, the mine supplied sub-bituminous coal to fire power stations first in Adelaide then, from 1954, Port Augusta.  Production ceased in November 2015 but stockpiled product was transported to Port Augusta until the last power station closed down in May 2016.The open cut mine operation extracted low-grade, sub-bituminous coal that was transported 250 km by rail to power stations outside Port Augusta on the east side of Spencer Gulf. The coal occurs in several nested bowl-shaped seams, each several metres thick. The coalfield at Leigh Creek was operated at first by the Electricity Trust of South Australia then by Alinta Energy, and produced over 2.5 million tonnes a year of coal. Alinta energy also operated the power stations at Port Augusta; they were the last coal-fired electricity generators in South Australia, and the only users of coal from Leigh Creek.
<Raymond_Davis_Jr.>	Raymond Davis Jr. (October 14, 1914 – May 31, 2006) was an American chemist and physicist. He is best known as the leader of the Homestake experiment in the 1960s-1980s, which was the first experiment to detect neutrinos emitted from the Sun; for this he shared the 2002 Nobel Prize in Physics.Davis was born in Washington, D.C., where his father was a photographer for the National Bureau of Standards. He spent several years as a choirboy to please his mother, although he could not carry a tune. He enjoyed attending the concerts at the Watergate before air traffic was loud enough to drown out the music. His brother Warren, 14 months younger than he, was his constant companion in boyhood. He received his B.S. from the University of Maryland in 1938 in chemistry, which is part of the University of Maryland College of Computer, Mathematical, and Natural Sciences. He also received a master's degree from that school and a Ph.D. from Yale University in physical chemistry in 1942.Davis spent most of the war years at Dugway Proving Ground, Utah observing the results of chemical weapons tests and exploring the Great Salt Lake basin for evidence of its predecessor, Lake Bonneville.
<Lee_Eung-kyung>	Lee Eung-kyung (born February 3, 1966) is a South Korean actress. She began her acting career in 1987, and has since appeared in films and television dramas such as Palace of Dreams and Aeja's Older Sister, Minja.This article about a South Korean actor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Andrew_Keller>	Andras (Andrew) Keller FRS (22 August 1925 – 7 February 1999) was a naturalized British polymer scientist.  He was  Research Professor in Polymer Science, Department of Physics, University of Bristol, 1969–91, then Professor Emeritus.Andras Keller was born in Budapest, the only child of Jewish parents. He entered the University of Budapest in 1943, and gained his BSc in chemistry cum laude in 1947. He began his PhD studies at the same university but his work was interrupted by the rapidly deteriorating political situation in Hungary in 1948. He fled to England, leaving behind a submitted but unexamined PhD thesis.
<Pauline_Curley>	Pauline Curley (December 19, 1903 – December 11, 2000) was a vaudeville and silent film actress from Holyoke, Massachusetts.Her film career spanned much of the silent era, from 1915 to 1928.Pauline Curley was born in Holyoke, Massachusetts. Her mother, Rose Curley, brought her into show business at the age of 4, at first on stage in vaudeville shows. In 1910 at 6 years old Rose brought Pauline to New York City to find her work in the newly established silent movie industry and on the stage, getting her bit parts in a variety of movies, as well as weekly stage performances in Uncle Tom's Cabin and Little Lord Fauntleroy for the Jack Packard Stock Company.[citation needed] In 1915, she appeared on Broadway in the role of Rhods in Polygamy at the Park Theatre. Her mother gave different ages for Pauline depending on the requirements of the role, leaving her confused about her actual age, which she only learned in 1998 when she was 94.
<Oblomov>	Oblomov (Russian: Обломов; [ɐˈbɫoməf]) is the second novel by Russian writer Ivan Goncharov, first published in 1859. Ilya Ilyich Oblomov is the central character of the novel, portrayed as the ultimate incarnation of the superfluous man, a symbolic character in 19th-century Russian literature. Oblomov is a young, generous nobleman who seems incapable of making important decisions or undertaking any significant actions. Throughout the novel he rarely leaves his room or bed. In the first 50 pages, he manages only to move from his bed to a chair.  The book was considered[by whom?] a satire of Russian intelligentsia.The novel was popular when it came out, and some of its characters and devices have imprinted on Russian culture and language.
<Hank_Aaron_Award>	The Hank Aaron Award is given annually to the Major League Baseball (MLB) players selected as the top hitter in each league, as voted on by baseball fans and members of the media. It was introduced in 1999 to commemorate the 25th anniversary of Hank Aaron's surpassing of Babe Ruth's career home run mark of 714 home runs. The award was the first major award to be introduced by Major League Baseball in 19 years.For the 1999 season, a winner was selected using an objective points system. Hits, home runs, and runs batted in (RBI) were given certain point values and the winner was the player who had the highest tabulated points total.In 2000, the system was changed to a ballot in which each MLB team's radio and television play-by-play broadcasters and color analysts voted for three players in each league. Their first-place vote receives five points, the second-place vote receives three points, and the third-place vote receives one point. Beginning in 2003, fans were allowed to vote via MLB's official website, MLB.com. Fans' votes account for 30% of the points, while broadcasters' and analysts' votes account for the other 70%.
<Kristiania_Kommunale_Sporveie>	Kristiania Kommunale Sporveie or KKS, colloquially known as the Red Tramway (Norwegian: Rødtrikken) was a municipal owned company that operated parts of the Oslo Tramway from 1899 to 1905. KKS built and operated three lines, Sagene Ring, the Rodeløkka Line and the Vippetangen Line. The three were connected by means of lines of Kristiania Sporveisselskab (KSS) and Kristiania Elektriske Sporvei (KES). KKS bought twenty motorized trams from Schuckert & Co. and twelve trailers, designated as Class S. It built two depots, Sagene and Rodeløkka.The company was created after a political shift whereby the municipal council decided to start operating trams. The company operated a mix of line services, most of the lines operating every ten minutes. KKS failed to make a profit. After the 1904 elections the majority in the municipal council shifted. The company was privatized in May 1905 and sold to KSS after the municipal council had rejected purchasing the very same company.By the late 1890s Oslo had three private tram companies, of which two, Kristiania Sporveisselskab and Kristiania Elektriske Sporvei, operated each their network of street trams. This led to a debate of whether tram operation should be a private or a municipal affair. The two dominant parties too each their stand: the Conservative Party wished to retain the private operations, while the Liberal Party supported a municipalization of the operations. The issue was split: Oslo Municipality taking over the existing two companies and establishing a new company to operate new lines. The municipality had in 1896 been offered to purchase KSS for its nominal share value plus interest in a move initiated by the tram company itself. Its main concern was its concession would expire in 1905 and that the municipality would then have the right expropriate it. Meanwhile, the company was in need of new capital and offered to issue new shares to the municipality. Oslo Municipality rejected the offer and the new shares were instead sold to Gesellschaft für elektrische Unternehmungen of Berlin.
<China_Railway_Engineering_Corporation>	The China Railway Engineering Corporation (CRECG) is a state-owned holding company of China, which is under the supervision of the State Council. The company is the major shareholder of China Railway Group Limited (CREC), its subsidiary.The history of the company could be traced back to 1950 which two bureaus of the Ministry of Railways were formed (Chinese: 工程总局; lit. 'construction bureau' and Chinese: 设计总局; lit. 'design bureau'). In 1958, the design bureau and the construction bureau were merged to form the General Bureau of Capital Construction of the Ministry of Railways (Chinese: 铁道部基本建设总局). From 1950 to 1990, the General Bureau was a government agency for many railway construction as well as highway bridge. A subsidiary of the General Bureau, The Major Bridge Engineering Bureau, now China Railway Major Bridge Engineering Group [zh] was said to construct over 1,000 bridges from 1953 to 2009.In 1989, the Ministry of Railways decided to form China Railway Engineering Corporation (Chinese: 中国铁路工程总公司; CRECG) as well as fellow competitor China Railway Construction Corporation (CRCCG) as subsidiaries. CRECG was formally registered on 7 March 1990. In 2000, they were transferred from the ministry to "Central Large Enterprise Work Commission" of the Communist Party of China. In 2003, they were under supervision of State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission (SASAC), a commission of the State Council. Since then, they became competitors despite both being state-owned.
<Ian_Reddington>	Ian Reddington (born 25 September 1957) is an English actor with many stage and television credits since the early 1980s. He became widely known for television roles such as the Chief Clown in the Doctor Who serial The Greatest Show in the Galaxy, Richard Cole in EastEnders and Vernon Tomlin in Coronation Street.Ian Reddington was born in Walkley in Sheffield. He was educated at Frecheville Comprehensive. He had no formal drama training at school but became a leading figure in the Meatwhistle youth theatre project run by youth workers in the city. This gave him his first appearance as the Herald in Peter Weiss's Marat/Sade at the Sheffield Crucible in 1973 directed by Glen Walford. He also played percussion and sang backing vocals in proto-punk band Musical Vomit alongside Glenn Gregory, who later went on to become lead singer with Heaven 17. Reddington then went on to study acting at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London (1976–1979), at the time one of their youngest ever entrants. While there, he won The William Poel Prize and The Arthur Talbot Smith Award.[citation needed]
<Robert_Moog>	Robert Arthur Moog (/moʊɡ/ MOHG; May 23, 1934 – August 21, 2005) was an American engineer and electronic music pioneer. He was the founder of the synthesizer manufacturer Moog Music and the inventor of the first commercial synthesizer, the Moog synthesizer, which debuted in 1964. In 1970, Moog released a more portable model, the Minimoog, described as the most famous and influential synthesizer in history. Among Moog's honors are a Technical Grammy Award, received in 2002, and an induction into the National Inventors Hall of Fame.By 1963, Moog had been designing and selling theremins for several years, while working towards a PhD in engineering physics at Cornell University. He developed his synthesizer in response to demand for more practical and affordable electronic music equipment, guided by suggestions and requests from composers. Moog's principal innovation was the voltage-controlled oscillator, which uses voltage to control pitch. He also introduced fundamental synthesizer concepts such as modularity, envelope generation and the pitch wheel. He is credited for bringing synthesizers to a wider audience and influencing the development of popular music. 
<Olympiacos_F.C.>	Olympiacos Club of Fans of Piraeus (Greek: Ολυμπιακός Σ.Φ.Π. Greek pronunciation: [olibiaˈkos]), known simply as Olympiacos or Olympiacos Piraeus, is a Greek professional football club based in Piraeus, Attica. Part of the major multi-sport club Olympiacos CFP (Olympiakós Sýndesmos Filáthlon Peiraiós, "Olympic Club of Fans of Piraeus"), their name was inspired from the ancient Olympic Games and along with the club's emblem, the laurel-crowned Olympic athlete, symbolize the Olympic ideals of ancient Greece. Their home ground is the Karaiskakis Stadium, a 32,115-capacity stadium in Piraeus.Founded on 10 March 1925, Olympiacos is the most successful club in Greek football history, having won 47 League titles, 28 Cups (18 Doubles) and 4 Super Cups, all records. Τotalling 79 national trophies, Olympiacos is 9th in the world in total titles won by a football club. The club's dominating success can be further evidenced by the fact that all other Greek clubs have won a combined total of 39 League titles, while Olympiacos also holds the record for the most consecutive Greek League titles won, with seven in a row in two occasions (1997–2003 and 2011–2017), breaking their own previous record of six consecutive wins in the 1950s (1954–1959), when Olympiacos was unequivocally nicknamed Thrylos. (Greek: Θρύλος, "The Legend").
<Jean_Medawar>	Jean Shinglewood Medawar, Lady Medawar (née Taylor; 7 February 1913 – 3 May 2005) was a British author and a former chairman of the Family Planning Association, and wife of the British Nobel laureate Sir Peter Brian Medawar.Medawar was born in London, England, the daughter of Katherine Leslie (née Paton) and Charles Henry Shinglewood Taylor. Her father was a physician working in Cambridge. Her mother was an American from St Louis, Missouri.
<Dimps>	Dimps Corporation (株式会社ディンプス, Kabushiki-gaisha Dinpusu) is a Japanese video game developer based in Osaka, Japan, with an additional office in Tokyo. It is best known for developing games in the Sonic the Hedgehog, Dragon Ball and Street Fighter franchises. The company was founded on March 6, 2000 by several former SNK and Capcom employees, including Street Fighter, Fatal Fury, Art of Fighting and The King of Fighters co-creator Takashi Nishiyama and Hiroshi Matsumoto.This Japanese video game corporation or company article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Richie_Partridge>	Richard Joseph "Richie" Partridge (born 12 September 1980) is an Irish retired footballer who played as a midfielder. Active in senior football between 2000 and 2013, he was capped at Under 17, 18 and Under 21 level by the Irish national team, called up by the senior national team in 2002, and played for nine English clubs before finishing his career in the Welsh Premier League. He is currently a Physiotherapist for Liverpool's first team.Born in Dublin, Partridge started playing football as a trainee with Liverpool on 1 August 2000. He suffered many injuries during his spell at Liverpool and failed to make a Premier League appearance. However, he played in three League Cup ties for Liverpool, the first being an 8–0 demolition of Stoke City in November 2000. In his third and final League Cup appearance for Liverpool he came on as a substitute and scored a penalty in the shootout as Liverpool defeated Tottenham Hotspur.
<Sahitya_Gaurav_Puraskar>	The Sahitya Gaurav Puraskar (Gujarati: સાહિત્ય ગૌરવ પુરસ્કાર), also known as Sahitya Gaurav Award, is a literary honour in Gujarat, India. The award is conferred by Gujarat Sahitya Akademi and Government of Gujarat to the Gujarati authors for their significant contribution in Gujarati literature. Established in 1983, the award comprises a plaque, shawl and a cash prize of Rs. 1,00,000 (one lakh). In 1985, Umashankar Joshi rejected the Sahitya Gaurav Award.Following is the list of recipients:Raghuvir Chaudhari
<Mercedes-Benz_W123>	/The Mercedes-Benz W123 is a range of executive cars produced by German manufacturer Mercedes-Benz from November 1975 to January 1986. The W123 models surpassed their predecessor, the Mercedes-Benz W114, as the most successful Mercedes, selling 2.7 million units before production ended in the autumn of 1985 for the saloon/sedan versions and January 1986 for coupés and estates/station wagons.
<FC_Illichivets_Mariupol>	Football Club Mariupol (Ukrainian: Футбольний клуб "Маріуполь" [mɐr(j)iˈupolʲ] (listen)) was a Ukrainian professional football club based in Mariupol, that competed in the Ukrainian Premier League. The club ceased to exist as a result of the Siege of Mariupol, during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.From 2002 to 2017, the club was named Illichivets Mariupol under which it participated in European competitions. It was renamed as part of decommunization in Ukraine.
<Alma_Rubens>	Alma Rubens (born Alma Genevieve Reubens; February 19, 1897 – January 21, 1931) was an American film actress and stage performer.Rubens began her career in the mid 1910s. She quickly rose to stardom in 1916 after appearing opposite Douglas Fairbanks in The Half-Breed. For the remainder of the decade, she appeared in supporting roles in comedies and drama. In the 1920s, Rubens developed a drug addiction which eventually ended her career. She died of lobar pneumonia and bronchitis shortly after being arrested for cocaine possession in January 1931.
<Miguel_Ángel_Tena>	Miguel Ángel Tena García (born 17 January 1982) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender, currently a manager.Born in Almassora, Province of Castellón, Tena joined up-and-coming Villarreal CF in 2003 from neighbouring Valencia CF, after finishing his football development with the latter and following a failed transfer to Real Madrid Castilla. He made his professional – and La Liga – debut in the 2003–04 season, but would only appear in one league match with his new club, being replaced at the hour-mark of a 2–1 away loss against CA Osasuna.Subsequently, Tena resumed his career in the Segunda División, with Racing de Ferrol, Polideportivo Ejido (three years), Levante UD, Elche CF, Córdoba CF and CD Lugo, playing 242 games at that level over one decade.
<Eleanor_Powell>	Eleanor Torrey Powell (November 21, 1912 – February 11, 1982) was an American dancer and actress. Best remembered for her tap dance numbers in musical films in the 1930s and 1940s, she was one of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer's top dancing stars during the Golden Age of Hollywood. Powell appeared in vaudeville, on Broadway, and most prominently, in a series of movie musical vehicles tailored especially to showcase her dance talents, including Born to Dance (1936), Broadway Melody of 1938 (1937), Rosalie (1937), and Broadway Melody of 1940 (1940). She retired from films in the mid-1940s and then began hosting a Christian children's TV show, but she resurfaced for the occasional specialty dance scene in films such as Thousands Cheer and eventually headlined a successful nightclub act in Las Vegas. She died from cancer at 69. Powell is known as one of the most versatile and powerful female dancers of the Hollywood studio era.Powell was born in Springfield, Massachusetts, to Clarence Gardner Powell and Blanche Torrey. Her father left her and her mother when she was two years old. She was raised by her mother with the help of her maternal grandparents (who also lived with them). Eleanor Powell was a painfully shy child, not even able to greet guests that would come into their own house.
<Susan_Stephen>	Susan Rennie Stephen (16 July 1931 – 21 April 2000) was an English film actress.Born in London, she was known in the 1950s for appearing in a number of B-films. She appeared in over 20 films including The Red Beret (1953), The House Across the Lake (1954), Pacific Destiny (1956) and Carry On Nurse (1959).
<Robert_Trent_Jones_Jr.>	Robert Trent "Bobby" Jones Jr. (born July 24, 1939) is an American golf course architect.  He is the son of golf course designer Robert Trent Jones and the brother of golf course designer Rees Jones.Jones was born in Montclair, New Jersey and graduated from Montclair High School in 1957. After attending Yale and graduate studies at Stanford University, he joined his father's firm, Robert Trent Jones Incorporated. He rose to become vice-president of the company and assumed control of west coast operations in 1962.In the 1960s, he began designing courses on his own and formed his own company in the early 1970s in Palo Alto, California. He has since designed or remodeled more than 250 golf courses during his career.
<Richard_Keogh>	Richard John Keogh (born 11 August 1986) is a professional footballer who plays as a defender for Ipswich Town and for the Republic of Ireland national team. His main positional role is at centre-back, though he has also played at right-back during his career.Keogh began his career as a trainee at Ipswich Town and Stoke City, making his professional debut on loan from the latter at Icelandic club Víkingur in 2004. He joined Bristol City on a free transfer in 2005 and made his Football League debut in September of that year. He made several more appearances that season before spending a month on loan at Wycombe Wanderers, then going on to appear sporadically for Bristol City at the end of the season, scoring his first goal in April 2006. Keogh was a regular in the first team the following season, playing 43 times in all competitions and scoring four goals. However, he found himself out of favour in the 2007–08 season, spending time out on loan at Huddersfield Town, Carlisle United and Cheltenham Town. At the end of the season, he joined Carlisle United for an undisclosed fee.
<Judy_Pace>	Judy Lenteen Pace (born June 15, 1942) is an American actress known for her roles in films and television shows, particularly blaxploitation films. Pace portrayed Vickie Fletcher on the TV series Peyton Place (1968–1969) and Pat Walters on the ABC drama series The Young Lawyers (1969–1971), for which she won an Image Award for Outstanding Actress in a Drama Series in 1970.Pace was born the second of two daughters in Los Angeles, California, to an airplane mechanic and a dressmaker. Pace's older sister Jean Pace Brown was an activist who was married to musician and actor Oscar Brown, Jr. After high school, Pace attended Los Angeles City College, majoring in sociology. Pace made her film debut as one of the title characters in William Castle's 13 Frightened Girls (1963). She got her first major break in Hollywood in 1968 as the first black villainess on TV with her role as Vickie Fletcher in the hit ABC-TV soap-opera/drama series Peyton Place. Also in 1968, Pace was singled out for praise by noted film critic Roger Ebert, for her performance in the popular youth-oriented film, Three in the Attic:The find in this movie, for my money, is the young black actress Judy Pace, who is terrific. Variety calls her "the most beautiful black actress in Hollywood," which is debatable since beauty is in the eye of the beholder, etc., but she's a quick, funny actress who can put an edge on a line and keep a scene sparkling.
<Walter_Annenberg>	Walter Hubert Annenberg (March 13, 1908 – October 1, 2002) was an American businessman, investor, philanthropist, and diplomat. Annenberg owned and operated Triangle Publications, which included ownership of The Philadelphia Inquirer, TV Guide, the Daily Racing Form and Seventeen magazine. He was appointed by President Richard Nixon as United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom, where he served from 1969 to 1974.Annenberg was born in Milwaukee and raised in New York.[citation needed] He attended the Wharton School, the business school at the University of Pennsylvania, though he dropped out to pursue a career as a businessman and stock investor. His father, Moses Annenberg, was convicted of tax evasion and incarcerated for two years. During that time, and following his father's death in 1942, Annenberg took control of the Inquirer, expanding its influence and his own. He built up his family's magazine business with great success, extending it into parts of the media industry such as radio and television.
<Bell_Labs>	Nokia Bell Labs, originally named Bell Telephone Laboratories (1925–1984),then AT&T Bell Laboratories (1984–1996)and Bell Labs Innovations (1996–2007),is an American industrial research and scientific development company owned by multinational company Nokia. With headquarters located in Murray Hill, New Jersey, the company operates several laboratories in the United States and around the world.Researchers working at Bell Laboratories are credited with the development of radio astronomy, the transistor, the laser, the photovoltaic cell, the charge-coupled device (CCD), information theory, the Unix operating system, and the programming languages B, C, C++, S, SNOBOL, AWK, AMPL, and others. Nine Nobel Prizes have been awarded for work completed at Bell Laboratories.
<Monica_Lewis>	Monica Lewis (born May Lewis; May 5, 1922 – June 12, 2015) was an American jazz singer and film actress. Lewis was the longtime voice of Chiquita Banana in that company's animated ad campaign, beginning in 1947.Lewis was born in Chicago, Illinois, United States on May 22, 1922, the youngest of three children. Her father, Leon, was a pianist, musical director for CBS, and composer while her mother, Jessica, was a singer with the Chicago Opera Company, with Lewis studying voice with her mother. When Lewis was 11, she and her family moved to New York City due to The Great Depression.Lewis began singing on radio after a successful audition with WMCA in New York City led to her own program. While studying at Hunter College at the age of seventeen, she started working as a singer for a radio show called Gloom Dodgers in order to support her family. Shortly after working for Gloom Dodgers, Lewis had a radio show titled Monica Makes Music. She went on to co-star on The Chesterfield Supper Club on radio.
<James_Boyd_(Australian_politician)>	James Arthur Boyd (7 July 1867 – 12 April 1941) was an Australian politician. Born in Portsea, Hampshire, his family moved to Ayrshire in Scotland around 1869, where he was educated at St John's Academy in Glasgow before becoming an apprentice painter. He migrated to Melbourne, Victoria, in 1885, where he had many occupations, including councillor on Port Melbourne Council.In 1901 he was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly for the seat of Melbourne as a Conservative. He was an Honorary Minister 1907–08. In 1908 he left the Assembly, and in 1913 he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for the new seat of Henty. In 1917 the Liberal Party merged with the National Labor Party to become the Nationalist Party, of which Boyd was a member. He held the seat until 1919, when he was defeated by independent Nationalist Frederick Francis, despite having almost double Francis's primary vote. He became a businessman after leaving politics, and was President of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce 1920–1922 and of the Associated Chambers of Australia 1922–1923.
<Capital_Scotland>	Capital Scotland (formerly known as Beat 106, XFM Scotland, and later Galaxy Scotland) is a regional radio station owned by Communicorp UK and operated by Global. It broadcasts to Scotland's Central Belt, an area surrounding the two cities of Glasgow and Edinburgh.Beat 106 was established by the Big Beat Group, headed up by a group of nightclub promoters from Glasgow, and first aired on 19 November 1999 as a new rock and dance station. Notable presenters at launch included Graham Stewart and Jim Gellatly. After being sold to Capital Radio Group in July 2000 it switched towards playing more dance music, later changing back to a more rock/dance format. In 2005 Capital Radio merged with the GWR Group to form GCap Media, creating the UK's largest commercial radio group. Beat 106 closed on 1 January 2006.[citation needed]
<F.C._Tirsense>	Futebol Clube Tirsense, commonly known as just Tirsense, is a Portuguese football club from Santo Tirso, founded on January 5, 1938. They currently play in the Divisão de Elite of AF Porto. They currently play their home games in Abel Alves de Figueiredo with a capacity of 15,000 spectators. Their current chairman is Fernando Matos and their manager is Tonau.The club's finest hour came without doubt in 1948–49 when, under the management of Artur Pinga, they knocked the all-conquering Sporting Clube de Portugal side of the "Five Violins" out of the Portuguese Cup with a 2–1 victory. In 1994–95, they finished eighth (one win away from a UEFA Cup position) in the First Division, their highest-ever position. The following year, however, they were relegated, in the first of four consecutive demotions, dropping from the main championship in 1996 to the regional championships in 1999. The following year, the club was promoted to the Third Division.In spite of this, Tirsense has a usual attendance of 1,500 to 2,000, among the best in Portuguese non-professional championships. Assuming an amateur status since 2004, the club is making a successful task honouring debts, and aspires to make a comeback to the top in a near future. Marcelo (who later played in England), along with Emerson Thome (better known in Portugal as Paredão), and Everton Giovanella (Celta de Vigo), are the most internationally known former club players. Recent names like Caetano, Rui Manuel, or Batista are also well remembered by the fans. From the more distant years, António Luís and Festa (former Portuguese international) are some of the most sounding names. Tirsense was coached by Joaquim Machado, who at his first season at the club as head coach (2006–07), managed to promote Tirsense to the Second Division, where the club competed in its Serie A.The club has an organised fan group called Juve Negra and a small ultras group called the Black Lions, founded in 2012.
<Passaic,_New_Jersey>	Passaic (/pəˈseɪ.ɪk/ pə-SAY-ik or locally /pəˈseɪk/ pə-SAYK) is a city in Passaic County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey. As of the 2020 U.S. census, the city had a total population of 70,537, ranking as the 16th largest municipality in New Jersey and an increase of 656 from the 69,781 counted in the 2010 United States census. The Census Bureau's Population Estimates Program calculated that the city's population was 69,633 in 2021, ranking the city the 541st-most-populous in the country. Among cities with more than 50,000 people, Passaic was the fifth-most-densely-populated municipality in the United States, with more than 22,000 people per square mile.Located north of Newark on the Passaic River, it was first settled in 1678 by Dutch traders, as Acquackanonk Township. The city and river draw their name from the Lenape word "pahsayèk" which has been variously attributed to mean "valley" or "place where the land splits."
<Chambers_Building_(Kansas_City,_Missouri)>	The Chambers Building in Kansas City, Missouri was built in 1915 and 1923.  It was designed in Early Commercial style by architect Charles A. Smith.  Smith, Rae and Lovitt is also associated with the building.It has been marketed as Chambers Lofts.  A renovation received low-income housing tax credits.The building was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
<Lyndall_Ryan>	Lyndall Ryan, AM, FAHA (born 1943) is an Australian academic and historian. She has held positions in Australian Studies and Women's Studies at Griffith University and Flinders University and was Foundation Professor of Australian Studies and Head of School of Humanities at the University of Newcastle from 1998 to 2005. She is currently Conjoint Professor in the Centre for the History of Violence at the University of Newcastle.Ryan completed a PhD at Macquarie University in 1975, her thesis was titled "Aborigines in Tasmania, 1800–1974 and their problems with the Europeans".
<Milo_Cawthorne>	Milo Cawthorne (born 13 January 1989) is a New Zealand actor who played Ziggy Grover from the television series Power Rangers RPM.Cawthorne began acting as a teenager with a role on the TV show P.E.T. Detectives. After graduating from secondary school, he chose to forgo a college education and continue pursuing an acting career.[citation needed] He appeared in children's television shows such as Secret Agent Men, Amazing Extraordinary Friends, Maddigan's Quest, and Power Rangers RPM. In Power Rangers RPM he played the Green Ranger, Ziggy Grover, a bumbling reformed ex-cartel member.[citation needed]
<Sophie_Flack>	Sophie Flack (born August 8, 1983) is an author, freelance writer and editor, and former dancer with the New York City Ballet.Flack was born in Watertown, Massachusetts, to a family of Jewish background. She moved to New York City at 15 to train at The School of American Ballet. Flack joined the New York City Ballet as a member of the corps de ballet in 2001, and retired from dance in 2009. Her novel Bunheads was published in 2011. Flack earned her BA from Columbia University in 2013.She married actor Josh Charles in 2013. On December 9, 2014, she gave birth to their first child, a son named Rocco. On August 22, 2018, Flack gave birth to their second child, a daughter named Eleonor. Flack and her family live in New York City.
<HMD_Global>	HMD Global Oy, branded as HMD and Nokia Mobile, is a Finnish mobile phone manufacturer. The company is made up of the mobile phone business that Nokia sold to Microsoft in 2014, then bought back in 2016. HMD began marketing Nokia-branded smartphones and feature phones  on 1 December 2016. The company has exclusive rights to the Nokia brand for mobile phones through a licensing agreement. The HMD brand is only used for corporate purposes and does not appear in advertising, whereas the name "Nokia Mobile" is used on social media.HMD has a partnership with Google, and uses the Android operating system under the Android One program on their smartphones, whereas HMD's feature phones use the Series 30+ platform, or most recently, the Firefox OS-derived KaiOS.[citation needed]
<House_of_Cards_(Cohan_book)>	House of Cards: A Tale of Hubris and Wretched Excess on Wall Street is the second book written by William D. Cohan. It was released on March 10, 2009 by Doubleday.The book chronicles the history of Bear Stearns, from its founding in 1923 to its fire sale to JP Morgan in 2008, following the subprime mortgage crisis. It also gives the reader an inside glance of Bear Stearns senior management and the company's growth into the fifth largest investment firm, before its collapse.The book documents the rise of Alan "Ace" Greenberg, and his unsuccessful power struggle with bridgemaster and bond trader James Cayne, the power struggle between "co-presidents" Warren J. Spector & Alan Schwartz, and the recklessness of the over-leveraged hedge fund supervised by Richard A. Marin and Ralph R. Cioffi. The text also tells the story of Salim Lewis.
<OTE>	Hellenic Telecommunications Organisation S.A. (OTE Group) is the largest technology company in Greece. It is one of the three largest companies listed in the Athens Stock Exchange, according to market capitalization.OTE Group offers fixed-line and mobile telephony, broadband services, pay television and integrated Information and Communications Technology (ICT). At the same time, the Group is involved in a range of activities, notably satellite communications, real-estate and professional training. Formerly a state-owned monopoly, OTE's privatisation started in 1996 and is now listed on the Athens and London Stock Exchanges.
<Celtic_F.C.>	The Celtic Football Club, commonly known as Celtic (/ˈsɛltɪk/), is a Scottish professional football club based in Glasgow, which plays in the Scottish Premiership. The club was founded in 1887 with the purpose of alleviating poverty in the immigrant Irish population in the East End of Glasgow. They played their first match in May 1888, a friendly match against Rangers which Celtic won 5–2. Celtic established themselves within Scottish football, winning six successive league titles during the first decade of the 20th century. The club enjoyed their greatest successes during the 1960s and 70s under Jock Stein, when they won nine consecutive league titles and the 1967 European Cup. Celtic have played in green and white throughout their history, adopting hoops in 1903, which have been used ever since.Celtic are one of only five clubs in the world to have won over 100 trophies in their history. The club has won the Scottish league championship 52 times, most recently in 2021–22, the Scottish Cup 40 times and the Scottish League Cup 20 times. The club's greatest season was 1966–67, when Celtic became the first British team to win the European Cup, also winning the Scottish league championship, the Scottish Cup, the League Cup and the Glasgow Cup. Celtic also reached the 1970 European Cup Final and the 2003 UEFA Cup Final, losing in both.
<Lawrence_Maxwell,_Jr.>	Lawrence Maxwell Jr. (1853–1927) was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 8th Solicitor General of the United States.Lawrence Maxwell Jr. was born in Glasgow, Scotland on May 4, 1853. After immigrating to America, Maxwell graduated from the University of Michigan in 1874. In addition, he received an honorary masters and law degree from the university, in 1893 and 1904, respectively. In 1875, Maxwell graduated from Cincinnati Law School and was admitted to the bar. Following his admission, he practiced law in Cincinnati up until March 30, 1893, when he was appointed by President Cleveland to serve as Solicitor General.
<Jules_Barbey_d'Aurevilly>	Jules-Amédée Barbey d'Aurevilly (2 November 1808 – 23 April 1889) was a French novelist and short story writer. He specialised in mystery tales that explored hidden motivation and hinted at evil without being explicitly concerned with anything supernatural. He had a decisive influence on writers such as Auguste Villiers de l'Isle-Adam, Henry James, Leon Bloy, and Marcel Proust.Jules-Amédée Barbey — the d'Aurevilly was a later inheritance from a childless uncle — was born at Saint-Sauveur-le-Vicomte, Manche in Lower Normandy. In 1827 he went to the Collège Stanislas de Paris. After getting his baccalauréat in 1829, he went to Caen University to study law, taking his degree three years later. As a young man, he was a liberal and an atheist, and his early writings present religion as something that meddles in human affairs only to complicate and pervert matters. In the early 1840s, however, he began to frequent the Catholic and legitimist salon of Baroness Amaury de Maistre, niece of Joseph de Maistre. In 1846 he converted to Roman Catholicism.His greatest successes as a literary writer date from 1852 onwards, when he became an influential literary critic at the Bonapartist paper Le Pays, helping to rehabilitate Balzac and effectually promoting Stendhal, Flaubert, and Baudelaire. Paul Bourget describes Barbey as an idealist, who sought and found in his work a refuge from the uncongenial ordinary world. Jules Lemaître, a less sympathetic critic, thought the extraordinary crimes of his heroes and heroines, his reactionary opinions, his dandyism and snobbery were a caricature of Byronism.
<WLOL_(defunct)>	KSJN (99.5 FM, "YourClassical MPR") is the flagship station of Minnesota Public Radio's classical music network, serving the Twin Cities region. KSJN's studios are located at the MPR Broadcast Center on Cedar Street in downtown St. Paul, while its transmitter is located on the KMSP Tower in Shoreview.The 99.5 frequency was established as commercial radio station WLOL-FM in 1957; the station achieved its most success as a top-rated Top 40/CHR station during the 1980s. It was purchased by MPR in 1991.Saint John's University in Collegeville, near St. Cloud, built and began operating the first station in the network, KSJR-FM (90.1), in January 1967. By 1968, however, it was obvious that there weren't enough listeners in the immediate St. Cloud area for the station to be viable. KSJR nearly tripled its power in hopes of reaching the Twin Cities, but even then it only provided grade B coverage of Minneapolis and completely missed St. Paul. To solve this problem, Saint John's signed on KSJN at 91.1 MHz, originally licensed to the northern Twin Cities suburb of New Brighton, as a full-time repeater of KSJR-FM.  By 1969, Saint John's realized it was in over its head operating a full-service radio station, so it turned over KSJR and KSJN to a nonprofit corporation, Saint John's University Broadcasting.  This organization later changed its name to Minnesota Educational Radio, and finally Minnesota Public Radio.
<Nabil_Baha>	Nabil Baha (Arabic: نبيل باها; born 12 August 1981) is a retired footballer who played as a striker.He started playing for Montpellier in 2000 and spent much of his career in the top divisions of Portugal and Spain, with notable stints at Braga and Málaga.
<Charles_Kimbrough>	Charles Kimbrough (born May 23, 1936) is an American actor, best known for his role as the straight-faced anchorman Jim Dial on Murphy Brown. In 1990, his performance in the role earned him a nomination for an Emmy Award for "Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series".Born in St. Paul, Minnesota, Kimbrough has extensive stage experience. In the late 1960s and early 1970s, Kimbrough and his first wife Mary Jane were part of the resident company of the Milwaukee Repertory Theatre where they appeared in such plays as Georges Feydeau's Cat Among the Pigeons and Jules Feiffer's The White House Murder Case. In 1971, he was nominated for a Tony for best featured actor in a musical as Harry in Stephen Sondheim's Company. In 1984, he performed in the original Broadway cast of Sondheim's Sunday in the Park with George. He starred in the original Off-Broadway production of A.R. Gurney's comedy Sylvia in 1985.
<England_national_under-21_football_team>	The England national under-21 football team, also known as England under-21s or England U21(s), is considered to be the feeder team for the England national football team.This team is for England players aged under 21 at the start of the calendar year in which a two-year European Under-21 Football Championship campaign begins, so some players can remain with the squad until the age of 23. As long as they are eligible, players can play for England at any level, making it possible to play for the U21s, senior side, and again for the U21s, as Jack Butland, Harry Kane, Calum Chambers and John Stones have done. It is also possible to play for one country at youth level and another at senior level (providing the player has not played a senior competitive game in his previous country).
<Endre_Süli>	Endre Süli FRS (also, Endre Suli or Endre Šili) is a mathematician. He is Professor of Numerical Analysis in the Mathematical Institute, University of Oxford, Fellow and Tutor in Mathematics at Worcester College, Oxford and Adjunct Fellow of Linacre College, Oxford. He was educated at the University of Belgrade and, as a British Council Visiting Student, at the University of Reading and St Catherine's College, Oxford. His research is concerned with the mathematical analysis of numerical algorithms for nonlinear partial differential equations.Süli is a Foreign Member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts (2009), Fellow of the European Academy of Sciences (FEurASc, 2010), Fellow of the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics (FSIAM, 2016), a Member of the Academia Europaea (MAE, 2020), and a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS, 2021). He was an invited speaker at the International Congress of Mathematicians in Madrid in 2006 and was Chair of the Society for the Foundations of Computational Mathematics(2002–2005). Other honours include: Fellow of the Institute of Mathematics and its Applications (FIMA, 2007), Charlemagne Distinguished Lecture (2011), IMA Service Award (2011), Professor Hospitus Universitatis Carolinae Pragensis, Charles University in Prague (2012–), Distinguished Visiting Chair Professor Shanghai Jiao Tong University (2013), President, SIAM United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland Section (2013–2015), London Mathematical Society/New Zealand Mathematical Society Forder Lectureship (2015), Aziz Lecture (2015), BIMOS Distinguished Lecture (2016), John von Neumann Lecture (2016), Sibe Mardešić Lecture (2018), London Mathematical Society Naylor Prize and Lectureship (2021). Since 2005 Süli has been co-Editor-in-Chief of the IMA Journal of Numerical Analysis published by Oxford University Press. He is a member of the Scientific Advisory Board of the Berlin Mathematics Research Center MATH+ and the Board of the Doctoral School for Mathematical and Physical Sciences for Advanced Materials and Technologies of the Scuola Superiore Meridionale at the University of Naples, and was a member of the Scientific Steering Committee of the Isaac Newton Institute for Mathematical Sciences at the University of Cambridge (2011–2014), the Scientific Advisory Board of the Berlin Mathematical School (2016–2018), the Scientific Council of Société de Mathématiques Appliquées et Industrielles (SMAI) (2014–2020), the Scientific Committee of the Mathematisches Forschungsinstitut Oberwolfach (Mathematical Research Institute of Oberwolfach) (2013–2021), and the Scientific Advisory Board of the Archimedes Center for Modeling, Analysis and Computation at the University of Crete (2010–2014). Between 2014 and 2022 he served as the Delegate for Mathematics to the Board of Delegates of Oxford University Press.
<Arthur_Gelb>	Arthur Gelb (February 3, 1924 – May 20, 2014) was an American editor, author and executive and was the managing editor of The New York Times from 1986 to 1989.Gelb began working the night shift at The Times as a copy boy in 1944. He ascended through the ranks, holding several titles in many different departments.  His biggest impacts were while working in the drama department.  He enjoyed the plays of Eugene O'Neill so much that he wrote a biography of the playwright (O'Neill: Life with Monte Cristo, 1974, ISBN 9780060114879) with his wife Barbara. He supported the creation of the New York Shakespeare Festival by editorializing Joseph Papp's productions. He has edited a number of works such as "Great Lives of the Twentieth Century" (ISBN 978-0812916256). Gelb retired from The Times in 1989 as managing editor.  "City room" (ISBN 9780399150753), a memoir of his life and career at The Times, was published in 2003.After retiring from The Times, Gelb became president of The New York Times Company Foundation, which operated until 2009, and director of The New York Times College Scholarship Program.
<John_Dalgleish_Donaldson>	John Dalgleish Donaldson S.K. (born 5 September 1941) is a Scottish-Australian professor and the father of Mary, Crown Princess of Denmark, the wife of the heir apparent to the throne of Denmark, Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark.Donaldson was born at Cockenzie and Port Seton, Scotland, the son of Captain Peter Donaldson. Capt. Peter Donaldson sailed regularly on Port Seton Harbour and it is recorded that in 1962, he was on a voyage from Bass Strait Islands with a cargo of livestock, when the vessel Shearwater was lost off Ninth Island. He and his crew were saved and there are still remains of the ship on the island today.
<Vladimir_Markovic>	Vladimir Marković is a Professor of Mathematics at University of Oxford. He was previously the John D. MacArthur Professor at the California Institute of Technology (2013–2020) and Sadleirian Professor of Pure Mathematics at the University of Cambridge (2013–2014).Marković was educated at the University of Belgrade where he was awarded a Bachelor of Science degree in 1995 and a PhD in 1998. 
<FC_Karpaty_Lviv>	Football Club Karpaty Lviv (Ukrainian: Футбольний клуб "Карпати" Львів [kɐrˈpɑtɪ ˈlʲwiu̯]) is a Ukrainian professional football club based in Lviv.The team of Karpaty was founded on 18 January, 1963. In 1961 Silmash Lviv won the championship of Lviv Oblast but lost its promotional play-off against Naftovyk Drohobych to qualify for the Soviet Class B championship. In 1962 Silmash Lviv won the championship and cup of the Lviv Oblast (see Lviv Oblast Football Federation) and won the promotional play-offs against Naftovyk, obtaining the rights to participate in the Soviet Class B championship (Soviet First League). However, in 1963 the Football Federation of USSR conducted another reorganization in football national tournaments creating the Second Group of Class A and Class B became the third tier where a berth was reserved for a team from Lviv. At that time the best city team was SKA Lvov, players of which did not stay there for long, leaving it at the end of their military service, while the best would be drafted to CSKA Moscow. In light of that the city administration decided to create a civilian team, independent from the Soviet military.
<Briggflatts>	Briggflatts is a long poem by Basil Bunting published in 1966. The work is subtitled "An Autobiography." The title "Briggflatts" comes from the name of Brigflatts Meeting House (spelled with one "g" in Quaker circles) in a Quaker Friends meeting house near Sedbergh in Cumbria, England. Bunting visited Brigflatts as a schoolboy when the family of one of his schoolfriends lived there, and it was at this time that he developed a strong attachment to his friend's sister, Peggy Greenbank, to whom the poem is dedicated. It was first read in public on 22 December 1965 in the medieval Morden Tower, part of Newcastle town wall, and published in 1966 by Fulcrum Press. Bunting also wrote another poem with "Briggflatts" in its title, the short work "At Briggflatts meetinghouse" (1975).The poem begins with an epigraph reading: "The spuggies are fledged". The text contains a note explaining that the word means "little sparrows" in a north-east dialect. The poem itself has a five-part structure. The first part has a regular structure of 12 stanzas each containing 13 lines. In the following four parts the stanzas vary in length from couplets to quatrains to stanzas of more than 20 lines. The rhyme scheme also changes throughout the poem as the bulk of the text appears in free verse while other lines do contain rhyming patterns.The poem is noted for its use of sound; Bunting believed that the essential element of poetry is the sound, and that if the sound is right, the listener will hear, enjoy and be moved; and that there may be no need for further explanation.
<Buffalo_Stadium>	Buffalo Stadium was a minor league stadium primarily used by the Houston Buffaloes from 1928 through 1961 (except for 1943 to 1945 because of World War II).[citation needed] It was the site of the first night game between two major league baseball clubs, which took place between the Chicago White Sox and New York Giants in 1931. The Buffaloes were a farm team of the Major League St. Louis Cardinals and provided many great ballplayers to the Cardinals' success in 1930s and 1940s. The arrival of the National League Houston Colt .45s in 1962 brought an end to minor league baseball in Houston. It also went by the names of Buff Stadium and later Busch Stadium.  It was bounded by Leeland Street, St. Bernard Street (present-day Cullen Boulevard), Coyle Street, and Milby Street in the East End.  The railroad tracks leading to Union Station, site of the Houston Astros' current ballpark, ran behind the center field wall.  Near the University of Houston, the stadium was also home to the Houston Cougars baseball team during the 1940s.Before Buff Stadium, baseball teams in Houston played at West End Park from 1905 until 1928; Buff Stadium was built on the East End of Houston. West End Park was located at the southeast corner of Andrews and Heiner Streets, on the southwest edge of present-day downtown.  Home plate's specific location, until 2013, was commemorated by a plaque in the Houston Sports Hall of Fame, which comprised part of the Finger Furniture Store.On January 5, 1927, Sam Breadon, then owner of the Major League Cardinals, announced that he wanted to purchase land from the City of Houston to construct a new ballpark for the Texas League Buffaloes On January 18, it was announced that the location had been purchased in the East End.  At the St. Louis Cardinals Board of Directors meeting on February 1, 1927, money was appropriated for the site.  The Buffaloes had been owned by the Cardinals since 1920.
<Percy_Edward_Kent>	Sir Percy Edward Kent FGS FRS (18 March 1913 – 9 July 1986) was a British geologist who won the Royal Medal in 1971. Awarded the Bigsby Medal in 1955 and the Murchison Medal in 1969, he was made a Knight Bachelor in the 1973 Birthday Honours.He attended West Bridgford Grammar School. From the University of Nottingham he gained a BSc in 1934, and a PhD in 1941.
<Arendal_Station>	Arendal Station (Norwegian: Arendal stasjon) is the terminus railway station of the Arendal Line, located in Arendal, Norway. The station opened on 23 November 1908 and is served by the Go-Ahead Norge.The decision to build the Arendal–Treungen Line was made by Parliament in 1894, although this did not include which route to follow. In 1902, the Norwegian State Railways made six proposals for a route between Arendal and Solbergvann, each with a slightly different station location within Arendal.The Strømsbu Line would give a station at Strømsbusletten, the Kittelsbukt Line would give a station at Kittelsbukt, the Barbu Line would give a station at Barbudalen, the Gaardal Line would give a station both at Strømsbubukten and Svinodden, the Langsæ Line would also give a station in Barbudalen, and the Holmesland and Lysgaard Line would give a station in the town center for passengers and port and freight station in Barbudalen and Koviken.
<Lars_Hörmander>	Lars Valter Hörmander (24 January 1931 – 25 November 2012) was a Swedish mathematician who has been called "the foremost contributor to the modern theory of linear partial differential equations". Hörmander was awarded the Fields Medal in 1962 and the Wolf Prize in 1988. In 2006 he was awarded the Steele Prize for Mathematical Exposition for his four-volume textbook Analysis of Linear Partial Differential Operators, which is considered a foundational work on the subject.Hörmander completed his Ph.D. in 1955 at Lund University. Hörmander then worked at Stockholm University, at Stanford University, and at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey. He returned to Lund University as a professor from 1968 until 1996, when he retired with the title of professor emeritus.Hörmander was born in Mjällby, a village in Blekinge in southern Sweden where his father was a teacher. Like his older brothers and sisters before him, he attended the realskola (secondary school), in a nearby town to which he commuted by train, and the gymnasium (high school) in Lund from which he graduated in 1948.
<Alexander_Galloway>	Lieutenant-General Sir Alexander Galloway, KBE, CB, DSO, MC (3 November 1895 – 28 January 1977) was a senior British Army officer. During the Second World War, he was particularly highly regarded as a staff officer and, as such, had an influential role in the outcome of Operation Crusader during the Western Desert Campaign in late 1941. He later commanded the 4th Indian Infantry Division at the Battle of Monte Cassino during the Italian Campaign in early 1944.Born in Minto, near Hawick, Scotland on 3 November 1895, the son of a Church of Scotland minister, Alexander Galloway was educated at King William's College. On the outbreak of the First World War in August 1914 Galloway volunteered for the British Army and was commissioned as a second lieutenant into the Cameronians (Scottish Rifles) but was then posted on 8 October 1914 to the 1/4th Battalion, King's Own Scottish Borderers, a Territorial Force unit, part of the 156th (Scottish Rifles) Brigade of the 52nd (Lowland) Division. He was promoted to lieutenant in May 1915, and saw action at Gallipoli, in Egypt and Palestine, and on the Western Front. In 1917, he gained a commission in the Regular Army, returned to the Scottish Rifles, and was promoted to captain in July. He was awarded the Military Cross (MC) in 1918.
<James_McColl_(Australian_politician)>	James Hiers McColl (31 January 1844 – 20 February 1929) was an Australian politician. Prior to Federation in 1901, he was a member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly (1886–1900) and twice held ministerial office. He was known for his interest in agriculture, particularly new irrigation techniques. In the new federal parliament he first represented the Division of Echuca (1901–1906) in the House of Representatives and then served as a Senator for Victoria (1907–1914). He was Vice-President of the Executive Council in the Cook Government (1913–1914).McColl was born in South Shields, County Durham, England, the son of Hugh McColl, and migrated with his family to Australia in 1853, but his mother died before they landed in Melbourne. McColl was educated at the Model School, Sandhurst and for a time at Scotch College, Melbourne. He married Emily Boyle in January 1867 and subsequently became an insurance agent and legal manager.
<Allan_Sandage>	Allan Rex Sandage (June 18, 1926 – November 13, 2010) was an American astronomer. He was Staff Member Emeritus with the Carnegie Observatories in Pasadena, California. He determined the first reasonably accurate values for the Hubble constant and the age of the universe.Sandage was one of the most influential astronomers of the 20th century. He was born in Iowa City, Iowa, United States.  He graduated from the University of Illinois in 1948. In 1953 he received a PhD from the California Institute of Technology; the German-born Wilson Observatory-based astronomer Walter Baade was his advisor. During this time Sandage was a graduate student assistant to cosmologist Edwin Hubble. He continued Hubble's research program after Hubble died in 1953. In 1952 Baade surprised his fellow astronomers by announcing (at the 1952 Conference of the International Astronomical Union, in Rome) his determination of two separate populations of Cepheid variable stars in the Andromeda Galaxy, resulted in a doubling of the estimated age of the universe (from 1.8 to 3.6 billion years). Hubble had posited the earlier value; he had considered only the weaker Population II Cepheid variables as standard candles. After Baade's pronouncements, Sandage showed that astronomers' previous assumption, that the brightest stars in galaxies were of approximately equal inherent intensity, was mistaken in the case of H II regions which he found not to be stars and inherently brighter than the brightest stars in distant galaxies. This resulted in another 1.5-fold increase in the calculated age of the universe, to approximately 5.5 billion years. Throughout the 1950s and well into the 1980s Sandage was regarded as the pre-eminent observational cosmologist, making contributions to all aspects of the cosmological distance scale, ranging from calibrators within our own Milky Way Galaxy, to cosmologically distant galaxies.Sandage began working at the Palomar Observatory. In 1958 he published the first good estimate for the Hubble constant, revising Hubble's value of 250 down to 75 km/s/Mpc, which is close to today's accepted value. Later he became the chief advocate of an even lower value, around 50, corresponding to a Hubble age of around 20 billion years.  At the time, many, especially Sandage, believed that the cosmological constant was zero.  In such a case, a low Hubble constant is necessary in order for the age of the universe (as opposed to the Hubble age) to be at least as old as the oldest objects it contains, i.e. ca. 14 billion years.
<Jamaica_Plain>	Jamaica Plain is a neighborhood of 4.4 square miles (11 km2) in the City of Boston, Massachusetts, United States. Settled by Puritans seeking farmland to the south, it was originally part of the former Town of Roxbury, now also a part of the City of Boston. The community seceded from Roxbury as a part of the new town of West Roxbury in 1851, and became part of Boston when West Roxbury was annexed in 1874. In the 19th century, Jamaica Plain became one of the first streetcar suburbs in America and home to a significant portion of Boston's Emerald Necklace of parks, designed by Frederick Law Olmsted.In 2020, Jamaica Plain had a population of 41,012 according to the United States Census.
<Jeremy_Young>	John Henry Young (1934 – 9 April 2022), known professionally as Jeremy Young, was an English actor of Scottish descent.Young had numerous television credits, including Deadline Midnight (1960), Doctor Who (appearing as caveman Kal in three episodes of the first serial An Unearthly Child in 1963, as well as playing Gordon Lowery in the one episode serial Mission to the Unknown in 1965) and Coronation Street as nightclub owner Benny Lewis in 1972. His film credits include appearances in The Wild and the Willing (1962), Crooks and Coronets (1969), Eyewitness (1970), Hopscotch (1980) and Photographing Fairies (1997).
<WALL-E>	WALL-E (stylized with an interpunct as WALL·E) is a 2008 American computer-animated science fiction film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It was directed and co-written by Andrew Stanton, produced by Jim Morris, and co-written by Jim Reardon. It stars the voices of Ben Burtt, Elissa Knight, Jeff Garlin, John Ratzenberger, Kathy Najimy, with Sigourney Weaver and Fred Willard. The overall ninth feature film produced by the studio, WALL-E follows a solitary robot on a future, uninhabitable, deserted Earth in 2805, left to clean up garbage. He is visited by a probe sent by the starship Axiom, a robot called EVE, with whom he falls in love and pursues across the galaxy.After directing Finding Nemo, Stanton felt Pixar had created believable simulations of underwater physics and was willing to direct a film set largely in space. WALL-E has minimal dialogue in its early sequences; many of the characters do not have voices, but instead communicate with body language and robotic sounds designed by Burtt. The film incorporates various topics including consumerism, corporatocracy, nostalgia, waste management, human environmental impact and concerns, obesity/sedentary lifestyles, and global catastrophic risk. It is also Pixar's first animated film with segments featuring live-action characters. Thomas Newman composed the film's musical score. The film cost $180 million to produce, a record-breaking sum for an animated film at the time. Following Pixar tradition, WALL-E was paired with a short film titled Presto for its theatrical release.
<Radha_Govinda_Baruah>	Radha Govinda Baruah (Assamese: ৰাধাগোবিন্দ বৰুৱা) (17 October 1900 – 15 July 1977) was the founder of The Assam Tribune, a group of news papers. Radha Govinda Baruah, an enterprising person in Dibrugarh, first conceived the idea of launching an English daily. With some help from his friends and well wishers, he brought out an English weekly newspaper instead of a daily on 4 August 1939 under the editorship of Lakshminath Phookan, former editorial staff of Hindustan Standard, a leading daily of Anand Bazar Group, Kolkata. He founded the Assam Tribune in 1939. He was a sports enthusiast, who was president of the Assam Cricket Association for over a decade. The iconic Nehru Stadium in Guwahati was built under his leadership in 1962. He is also noted for his contributions to the society and culture of Assam. He is called "the architect of modern Assam" for his being "instrumental in realising the educational needs" of the Assamese people. Radha Govinda Baruah College (or R G Baruah College) in Guwahati is named after him. He is also called the Sinhapurush ("Lion Man") for his immense bravery and enthusiasm.In 2000, Baruah was honoured with a postage stamp, part of a series of "Great Leaders : Social and Political" along with Jaglal Choudhary, Vijaya Lakshmi Pandit, and Diwan Bahadur R. Srinivasan.
<Raymond_Domenech>	Raymond Manuel Albert Domenech (French pronunciation: ​[ʁɛ.mɔ̃ dɔ.me.nɛk]; born 24 January 1952) is a French football manager and former player. He managed the France national team from 2004 to 2010, reaching the 2006 FIFA World Cup Final. He was dismissed after their elimination from the 2010 FIFA World Cup, for serious misconduct.Domenech replaced Marc Bourrier as coach of the France national under-21 football team in 1993.[citation needed]
<Lewis_Padgett>	Lewis Padgett was the joint pseudonym of the science fiction authors and spouses Henry Kuttner and C. L. Moore, taken from their mothers' maiden names. They also used the pseudonyms Lawrence O'Donnell and C. H. Liddell, as well as collaborating under their own names.Writing as 'Lewis Padgett' they were the author of many humorous short stories of science fiction in the 1940s and 1950s. Among the most famous were:
<La_Strada>	La strada (lit. '"The Street"') is a 1954 Italian drama film directed by Federico Fellini and co-written by Fellini, Tullio Pinelli and Ennio Flaiano. The film tells the story of Gelsomina, a simple-minded young woman (Giulietta Masina) bought from her mother by Zampanò (Anthony Quinn), a brutish strongman who takes her with him on the road.Fellini described La Strada as "a complete catalogue of my entire mythological world, a dangerous representation of my identity that was undertaken with no precedent whatsoever." As a result, the film demanded more time and effort than any of his other works, before or later. The development process was long and tortuous; there were problems during production, including insecure financial backing, problematic casting, and numerous delays. Finally, just before the production completed shooting, Fellini suffered a nervous breakdown that required medical treatment so he could complete principal photography. Initial critical reaction was harsh, and the film's screening at the Venice Film Festival was the occasion of a bitter controversy that escalated into a public brawl between Fellini's supporters and detractors.
<Judyann_Elder>	Judyann Elder (born Judith Ann Johnson) is an American actress, director, and writer. Elder played Nadine Waters on the FOX sitcom Martin. She also played Harriette Winslow on CBS Family Matters for the remaining eight episodes of its ninth and final season after the departure of Jo Marie Payton. Elder is also a veteran of the stage who has appeared in scores of theatrical productions throughout the United States and Europe.Born in Cleveland, Elder is the daughter of Edward T. Johnson, PhD. and Camille Johnson (née Russell). Elder attended Shaker Heights High School and graduated from Emerson College in Boston as the first recipient of the Carol Burnett Award in the Performing Arts. Elder began her professional career in off-Broadway in New York as "Judyann Jonsson". A founding member and resident actor with the Tony Award-winning Negro Ensemble Company, she originated roles in the premier productions of The Song of the Lusitanian Bogey, Daddy Goodness, Kongi's Harvest, and God is a (Guess What?).
<The_London_Eye_Mystery>	The London Eye Mystery is a children's mystery novel by English author Siobhan Dowd. First published in 2007, it tells the story of how Ted, a boy with Asperger syndrome, and his sister Kat, solve the mystery of how their cousin, Salim, seemingly vanishes from inside a sealed capsule on the London Eye.In 2017, Robin Stevens published a sequel, The Guggenheim Mystery.The story begins with aunt Gloria visiting Ted's family. Ted is a boy with Asperger syndrome; his brain is described as running "on its own unique operating system". Aunt Gloria is accompanied by her son Salim, a half-Asian boy who is about a year older than Ted. People with Asperger syndrome often display intense interests; Ted has an interest in the weather. 
<Peer_Gynt>	Peer Gynt (/pɪər ˈɡɪnt/, Norwegian: [peːr ˈjʏnt, - ˈɡʏnt]) is a five-act play in verse by the Norwegian dramatist Henrik Ibsen published in 1876. Written in Norwegian, it is one of the most widely performed Norwegian plays. Ibsen believed Per Gynt, the Norwegian fairy tale on which the play is loosely based, to be rooted in fact, and several of the characters are modelled after Ibsen's own family, notably his parents Knud Ibsen and Marichen Altenburg. He was also generally inspired by Peter Christen Asbjørnsen's collection of Norwegian fairy tales, published in 1845 (Huldre-Eventyr og Folkesagn).Peer Gynt chronicles the journey of its title character from the Norwegian mountains to the North African desert and back. According to Klaus Van Den Berg, "its origins are romantic, but the play also anticipates the fragmentations of emerging modernism" and the "cinematic script blends poetry with social satire and realistic scenes with surreal ones." Peer Gynt has also been described as the story of a life based on procrastination and avoidance. The play was written in Italy and a first edition of 1,250 copies was published on 14 November 1867 by the Danish publisher Gyldendal in Copenhagen. Although the first edition swiftly sold out, a reprint of two thousand copies, which followed after only fourteen days, did not sell out until seven years later.Peer Gynt was first performed in Christiania (now Oslo) on 24 February 1876, with original music composed by Edvard Grieg that includes some of today's most recognised classical pieces, "In the Hall of the Mountain King" and "Morning Mood". It was published in German translation in 1881, in English in 1892, and in French in 1896. The contemporary influence of the play continues into the Twenty-First Century; it is widely performed internationally both in traditional and in modern experimental productions.
<Ed_Sneed>	Edgar Sneed Jr. (born August 6, 1944) is an American professional golfer, sportscaster and course design consultant, who played on the PGA Tour and the Champions Tour.Sneed was born in Roanoke, Virginia. He graduated from Ohio State University and was a member of the golf team. He turned pro in 1967. He worked briefly at Scioto Country Club in Columbus, Ohio, the same golf course where Jack Nicklaus learned to play golf.Sneed won four PGA Tour events during his career. His first professional win, however, was in Australia. On October 14, 1973 he won the Australian Tour's New South Wales Open by two strokes over Australian Bob Shearer. One shot back of Shearer on the 17th, Sneed finished eagle-par to defeat Shearer by two shots. The very next week, on October 21, 1973, he won his first PGA Tour tournament at the Kaiser International Open Invitational. He defeated U.S. Open runner-up John Schlee in a playoff. A year later he was a wire-to-wire winner at the Greater Milwaukee Open. Sneed was a member of the Ryder Cup team in 1977. He had 46 top-10 finishes in his career on the PGA Tour.
<George_H._Streeton>	George H. Streeton, AIA (born 1864) was an American architect who worked in New York during the first half of the twentieth century, primarily for Roman Catholic clients.Streeton was born September 28, 1864, in Brooklyn, New York. He studied at the Ferrari Modeling School at Cooper Union and Cornell University. He worked for a time for the firm of Schickel and Ditmars before going into business under his own name.He designed numerous religious buildings for Roman Catholic congregations in the Archdiocese of New York and the Diocese of Brooklyn.
<University_of_Sussex>	The University of Sussex is a public research university located in Falmer, East Sussex, England, it is mostly within the city boundaries of Brighton and Hove but extends into the Lewes District in its eastern fringe. Its large campus site is surrounded by the South Downs National Park and is around 5.5 kilometres (3.4 mi) from central Brighton. The university received its Royal Charter in August 1961, the first of the plate glass university generation, and was a founding member of the 1994 Group of research-intensive universities.More than a third of its students are enrolled in postgraduate programmes and approximately a third of staff are from outside the United Kingdom. Sussex has a diverse community of nearly 20,000 students, with around one in three being foreign students, and over 1,000 academics, representing over 140 different nationalities. The annual income of the institution for 2019–20 was £319.6 million with an expenditure of £282 million.
<FC_CSKA_Kyiv>	FC CSKA Kyiv (Ukrainian: "ЦСКА Київ") is a Ukrainian amateur football club, until 2001 of the Central Sports Club of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, which is government sponsored by the Ministry of Defense. As its farm team CSKA-2 Kyiv, in 1994–2001 it served as a farm team of CSKA Kyiv which later was renamed into Arsenal Kyiv.After reorganization in 2001 the football section "FC CSKA Kyiv" was privately sponsored until 2009 when it withdrew from the professional league 4 September 2009 due to lack of financial support.
<Raymond_Lovell>	Raymond Lovell (13 April 1900 – 1 October 1953) was a Canadian-born actor who performed in British films. He mainly played supporting roles, often somewhat pompous characters.Lovell initially trained as a physician at Cambridge University, but gave up medicine for the stage in the 1920s. On stage he appeared as Henry VIII in The Queen Who Kept Her Head. In 1941 he starred in Vernon Sylvaine's Warn That Man!, then reprised his role for the 1943 film adaptation.
<Kristiania_Sporveisselskab>	A/S Kristiania Sporveisselskab or KSS, nicknamed the Green Tramway (Norwegian: Grønntrikken), was an operator of part of the Oslo Tramway from 1875 to 1924. The company was established in 1874 and started with horsecar operations on the Ullevål Hageby Line, Gamlebyen Line and the Grünerløkka–Torshov Line. The network was electrified with in 1899 and 1900, whereby the company was bought by Union-Elektricitäts-Gesellschaft. It delivered new Class U trams. Within a few years the company had also opened the Vålerenga Line and Kampen Line. It took over Kristiania Kommunale Sporveie in 1905, taking over its fleet of Class S trams and the Sagene Ring, the Vippetangen Line and the Rodeløkka Line.The company was based at Homansbyen Depot. From 1912 it started an extensive cooperation with its main competitor, Kristiania Elektriske Sporvei (KES). KSS also took delivery of the Class SS trams and from 1921 the Class H trams. The company build part of the Sinsen Line in 1923. Both companies were municipalized in 1924 to become Oslo Sporveier.The first plans for horsecar operations in Oslo—then known as Christiania—took place in 1868, when Engineer Jens Theodor Pauldan Vogt and Architect Paul Due applied for a concession. They proposed a line from Homansbyen to Gamlebyen (then known as Oslo) with branches to Pipervika and Palaisbryggen. The municipal authorities rejected the application—citing concerns of the street being too narrow. A new application was issued in 1873 with a common section with four branches, along Drammensveien, Gamlebyen, Oslo West Station (Vestbanen) and Grünerløkka. This time the municipality granted the necessary permissions.
<William_Wilks_(Australian_politician)>	William Henry Wilks (21 June 1863 – 5 February 1940) was an Australian politician.Wilks was born in Sydney to English sea captain Joseph Henry Wilks and Susannah, née Harris. He was educated at Balmain Public School and, before establishing a wood and coal yard at Balmain, became associated with Billy Hughes. He was elected to the council of the Free Trade Association of New South Wales in 1887, having already been president of the New South Wales Literary and Debating Societies' Union previously.
<Gregory_Chow>	Gregory Chi-Chong Chow (simplified Chinese: 邹至庄; traditional Chinese: 鄒至莊; pinyin: Zōu Zhìzhuāng; born December 25, 1930) is a Chinese-American economist at Princeton University and Xiamen University. The Chow test, commonly used in econometrics to test for structural breaks, was invented by him. He has also been influential in the economic policy of China, including being an adviser for the Economic Planning and Development Council of the Executive Yuan in Taiwan, and being an adviser for the Chinese State Commission for Restructuring the Economic System on economic reform.Chow grew up in Guangzhou in Guangdong province in South China, one of seven children in a wealthy family, and in Hong Kong, where the family fled after the 1937 Japanese invasion of China. The family moved to Macao after the 1942 Japanese invasion of Hong Kong, then back to Guangzhou at the end of World War II.Chow spent one year at Lingnan University in Guangzhou, then finished his undergraduate work at Cornell University. He entered graduate study in economics at the University of Chicago in 1951. He did his 1955 dissertation there on the factors that determine the demand for automobiles, and in extending that work he developed the Chow test for determining the stability of regression coefficients across different data samples.
<Aleta_Freel>	Aleta Freel (June 14, 1907 – December 7, 1935) was an American stage actress.Freel was born Aleta Freile in Jersey City, New Jersey, the daughter of physician Dr. William Freile and the former Minnie Uchtman.She was educated at the Bergen School for Girls in Jersey City. She graduated from Smith College in 1928.
<Henry_Berliner>	Henry Adler Berliner (December 13, 1895 – May 1, 1970) was a United States aircraft and helicopter pioneer. Sixth son of inventor Emile Berliner, he was born in Washington, D.C. He studied mechanical engineering at Cornell University for two years before attending Massachusetts Institute of Technology. After a short time as aerial photographer with the Army Air Service, in 1919 Henry moved back to Washington to help his father with the helicopter research that had been underway for many years (since 1903 New International Encyclopedia).Using a Le Rhône engine of 80 hp mounted on a test stand, Henry was able to hover and move forward, but only with assistants holding on to stabilize the contraption. In 1922, he bought a surplus Nieuport 23 fighter's fuselage, added a Bentley 220 hp engine on the front, and connected it by geared shafts to two horizontal rotors mounted on a truss extending sideways from the fuselage. A third horizontal rotor at the rear provided pitch control.This was demonstrated at College Park, Maryland to the U.S. Navy's Bureau of Aeronautics on June 16, 1922, and is often given (though disputed) as the debut of the helicopter.
<The_Napoleon_of_Notting_Hill>	The Napoleon of Notting Hill is a novel written by G. K. Chesterton in 1904, set in a nearly unchanged London in 1984.Although the novel is set in the future, it is, in effect, set in an alternative reality of Chesterton's own period, with no advances in technology nor changes in the class system or attitudes of the time. It postulates an impersonal government, not described in any detail, but apparently content to operate through a figurehead king, who is randomly chosen.
<Jacqueline_Anderson>	Jacqueline Buckingham Anderson is an American actress and entrepreneur. She is best known for her supporting roles in Half-Baked, Intimate affairs, and A Touch of Fate, her lead role in the movie Sleepless Nights.[citation needed] A society fixture in New York, she has also lived in Houston, Atlanta, Toronto, and Indianapolis.Jacqueline Buckingham was born in suburban Cleveland, Ohio, and raised in Houston, Texas. Anderson attended Kingwood High School and was crowned Miss Houston Teen USA in 1992.Anderson began her acting career at the Equity Showcase Theatre in Toronto. Since then, she has had numerous roles in films such as Half-Baked, The Gypsy Years, and *Corpus Callosum. She had a supporting role of "Linda" in the Alan Rudolph film Intimate affairs starring Nick Nolte and Tuesday Weld, and played the role of "Betsy Kline" in the film A Touch of Fate starring Teri Hatcher.
<St_Mary's_Cathedral,_Perth>	St Mary's Cathedral, Perth, officially the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin Mary, is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Perth, and seat of its Archbishop, currently Timothy Costelloe.The cathedral is at the centre of Victoria Square, on the northern end of Victoria Avenue, Perth, Western Australia.
<William_D._Coolidge>	William David Coolidge (/ˈkuːlɪdʒ/; October 23, 1873 – February 3, 1975) was an American physicist and engineer, who made major contributions to X-ray machines. He was the director of the General Electric Research Laboratory and a vice-president of the corporation. He was also famous for the development of "ductile tungsten", which is important for the incandescent light bulb.Coolidge was born on a farm near Hudson, Massachusetts. He studied electrical engineering from 1891 until 1896 at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). After a year as a laboratory assistant, he went to Germany for further study and received his doctorate from the University of Leipzig. From 1899 to 1905 he was a research assistant to Arthur A. Noyes of the Chemistry Department at MIT.Coolidge went to work as a researcher at General Electric's new research laboratory in 1905, where he conducted experiments that led to the use of tungsten as filaments in light bulbs. He developed 'ductile tungsten', which could be more easily drawn into filaments, by purifying tungsten oxide. Starting in 1911, General Electric marketed lamps using the new metal and they soon became an important source of income for GE. He applied for and received a patent (US#1,082,933) for this 'invention' in 1913. However, in 1928 a US court ruled that his 1913 patent was not valid as an invention.
<Jack_Mullens>	John Michael Mullens, CBE (18 July 1896 – 5 September 1978) was an Australian politician. Born in Ballarat, Victoria, he was educated there at St Patrick's College before becoming a teacher in state schools. Having been active in the local politics of inner western Melbourne as a member of Footscray City Council, in 1937 he was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly as the Labor member for Footscray. He remained in the Assembly until 1945. In 1949, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives for the new seat of Gellibrand, again as a Labor member. In 1955, together with six colleagues, he was expelled from the Labor Party and formed the Australian Labor Party (Anti-Communist). He contested Melbourne in 1955. Although he and all six of his colleagues were defeated in the elections of that year, the party itself became the Democratic Labor Party, which was instrumental in keeping Labor out of power in Canberra for twenty-three years. Mullens died in 1978.
<Jennifer_Esposito>	Jennifer Esposito is an American actress. She is known for her roles in the feature films  Summer of Sam (1999), Don't Say a Word (2001), Welcome to Collinwood (2002), as well as Crash and Taxi (both 2004). She has also appeared in several television series, most notably The Looney Tunes Show, Spin City, Related, Samantha Who?, Blue Bloods, and Mistresses. From 2016 to 2017, she played Special Agent Alexandra Quinn on the CBS series NCIS.  In 2019, her most recent movie was Mob Town, starring opposite David Arquette. She also played CIA Deputy Director Susan Raynor in the Amazon series The Boys.Esposito was born in New York City, the second of two daughters of Phyllis, an interior decorator, and Robert Esposito, a music producer.[citation needed] She is of Italian descent, and was raised on Staten Island in Bulls Head and is a graduate of Moore Catholic High School.
<ADAMA_Agricultural_Solutions>	ADAMA Ltd. (Hebrew: אדמה בע"מ‎ ; Chinese: 安道麦), formerly known as Makhteshim-Agan, is a crop protection company.Together with its wholly owned subsidiary, Adama Agricultural Solutions Ltd., ADAMA manufacturers and retails herbicides, insecticides and fungicides. The company has research and development (R&D) and manufacturing facilities in various locations worldwide, with two main centers in Israel and China. It is traded on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and is headquartered in Ashdod City, Israel. In 2017, Adama Agricultural Solutions Ltd. was acquired by Hubei Sanonda Co. Ltd., a Chinese agro-chemical producer and partially owned subsidiary of ChemChina.Agan was founded in 1949 as a cooperative, while Makhteshim was created in 1952. In 1973 Agan and Makhteshim partnered to distribute their products and 24 years later merged to form Makhteshim Agan Industries Ltd.[citation needed] In October 2011 ChemChina acquired a 60% stake in Makhteshim Agan, delisting from the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange. In 2014, the company changed its name to Adama.
<BBC_UKTV>	BBC UKTV is an Australian pay television channel in Australia and New Zealand, screening British entertainment programming, sourced mainly from the archives of the BBC, RTL Group (mainly Talkback Thames material) and ITV plc. The channel was originally a joint venture with Foxtel (60% ownership), the RTL Group (20% ownership) and BBC Worldwide (20% ownership). It is now owned solely by BBC Studios. It is the home of the channel's flagship programme The Graham Norton Show.The channel was first launched in Australia in August 1996, becoming available on Austar in April 1999 and on Optus in December 2002. A New Zealand version with different programming launched on Sky TV, in November 2003.
<Hollingsworth_Morse>	John Hollingsworth Morse (December 16, 1910 – January 23, 1988) was an American film and television director. He directed episodes of a wide variety of U.S. television series from the 1950s through the 1980s under the names Hollingsworth Morse and John H. Morse, including McHale's Navy, The Ghost & Mrs. Muir, Adam-12, The Dukes of Hazzard, H.R. Pufnstuf, Mystery Island and Rocky Jones, Space Ranger. Hollingsworth also directed a lesser number of feature films throughout his career, including Daughters of Satan and the 1972 adaptation of the children's novel Justin Morgan Had a Horse.Morse began his career in the casting department of Paramount Pictures, and eventually began to work closely with director George Stevens. During World War II, Stevens was Morse's commanding officer in the U.S. Army Signal Corps. In that capacity, Morse traveled with Stevens's unit through Europe and helped capture footage of the Battle of Normandy and other significant events of the European war. Morse reflected on these experiences through his participation in the 1994 documentary George Stevens: D-Day to Berlin, which was directed by George Stevens Jr. Morse became a first lieutenant.
<Sega>	Sega Corporation is a Japanese multinational video game and entertainment company headquartered in Shinagawa, Tokyo. Its international branches, Sega of America and Sega Europe, are headquartered in Irvine, California and London, respectively. Its division for the development of both arcade games and home video games, Sega Games, has existed in its current state since 2020; from 2015 to that point, the two had made up separate entities known as Sega Games and Sega Interactive Co., Ltd. Sega is a subsidiary of Sega Sammy Holdings. From 1983 until 2001, Sega also developed video game consoles.Sega was founded by American businessmen Martin Bromley and Richard Stewart as Nihon Goraku Bussan on June 3, 1960; shortly after, the company acquired the assets of its predecessor, Service Games of Japan. Five years later, the company became known as Sega Enterprises, Ltd., after acquiring Rosen Enterprises, an importer of coin-operated games. Sega developed its first coin-operated game, Periscope, in 1966. Sega was sold to Gulf and Western Industries in 1969. Following a downturn in the arcade business in the early 1980s, Sega began to develop video game consoles, starting with the SG-1000 and Master System, but struggled against competitors such as the Nintendo Entertainment System. In 1984, Sega executives David Rosen and Hayao Nakayama led a management buyout, with backing from CSK Corporation.
<E._Ray_Stevens>	Edmund Ray Stevens (June 20, 1869 – 1930) was a justice of the Wisconsin Supreme Court.Stevens was born Edmund Ray Stevens on June 20, 1869 in Lake County, Illinois. His family later moved to Janesville, Wisconsin. He graduated from the University of Wisconsin Law School in 1895. Stevens was married to Kate Sabin. They had three children. He died in 1930.From 1896 to 1903, Stevens and future U.S. Representative Burr W. Jones operated the law firm Jones & Stevens. Additionally, Stevens was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly in 1901. In 1903, Stevens was appointed to the Wisconsin Circuit Court by Governor Robert M. La Follette, Sr. He was elected to the Supreme Court in 1926 and served as a member until his death. During his time with the Supreme Court, he was also a lecturer at the University of Wisconsin Law School.
<Kevin_Sullivan_(wrestler)>	Kevin Francis Sullivan (born October 26, 1949) is an American professional wrestler and booker, perhaps best known for his role in World Championship Wrestling.Sullivan had been an amateur wrestler in the Boston area, and was not trained professionally. His first professional match was in Montreal, beating Fernand Frechette. Sullivan wrestled as "Johnny West" in the National Wrestling Alliance's Gulf Coast Championship Wrestling in the early 1970s, capturing the NWA Gulf Coast Tag Team Championship with Ken Lucas, defeating Jack Morrell and Eddie Sullivan on March 11, 1971. Next, he went to Championship Wrestling from Florida (CWF) in 1972 and captured the NWA Florida Tag Team Championship with Mike Graham. He then went north to join the World Wide Wrestling Federation (WWWF) as a mid-card face from 1974 to 1977. He had a (rare for the time) face versus face battle with Pete Sanchez on a Madison Square Garden undercard. Sullivan also wrestled as a face for promoter Roy Shire's Big Time Wrestling in San Francisco. Wrestling for Georgia Championship Wrestling, Sullivan and partner Austin Idol challenged The Fabulous Freebirds for the NWA Georgia Tag Team Championship in November 1980, during this feud was the angle where the Freebirds flattened all four of Idol's tires to prevent him and Sullivan from wrestling for the titles (though Idol only mentioned a single flat tire). Sullivan also worked in CWF as a face until the early 1980s. His first heel turn was in Georgia in late 1980, when he won the NWA National Television Championship from Steve Keirn on November 29, after Sullivan attacked Keirn during the match while Keirn was re-entering the ring. Sullivan would lose the belt to Steve O on January 16, 1981 due to outside interference by Keirn. From April to July 1981, Sullivan wrestled as a heel in the Memphis territory, where alongside Wayne Ferris (The Honky Tonk Man) and manager Jimmy Hart he battled the local faces including Jerry Lawler, while also continuing his feud with Keirn, who also was wrestling in Memphis at the time. Sullivan returned to Georgia as a heel in November 1981, but turned face by late-March 1982, feuding with Buzz Sawyer while in the Georgia territory before returning to Florida again to wrestle for Eddie Graham.Known as the heel "Boston Battler", Sullivan's "Prince of Darkness" gimmick started during this time, adopting the persona of an occultist and cult leader who would invoke the powers of dark spirits in promos and matches. The gimmick was inspired by the then-ongoing Satanic panic.
<Maccabi_Tel_Aviv_F.C.>	Maccabi Tel Aviv Football Club (Hebrew: מועדון כדורגל מכבי תל אביב; Moadon Kaduregel Maccabi Tel Aviv) is an Israeli football club from Tel Aviv and part of the Maccabi Tel Aviv Sport Club.Founded in 1906 in Jaffa as the HaRishon Le Zion-Yafo Association, it is the oldest and most decorated football club in Israel. With the establishment of the city of Tel Aviv in 1909, the club changed its name to Maccabi Tel Aviv. In 1922, it became the first Jewish football club to participate in local competitions. The meaning of the name Maccabi – 'there is no one like you among the gods' – forms an integral part of the character of the team, which took the Star of David as their logo to represent the Jewish people. Maccabi Tel Aviv have won more titles than any other Israeli club, winning League Championships, State Cups, seven Toto (League) Cups, and two Asian Champion Club Tournaments before Israel were expelled from the AFC in 1974.
<Patricia_Grimshaw>	Patricia Ann Grimshaw, AO, FASSA, FAHA (born 16 December 1938) is a retired Australian academic who specialised in women's and Indigenous peoples' history. One of her most influential works is Women's Suffrage in New Zealand, first published in 1972, which is considered the definitive work on the story of how New Zealand became the first country in the world to give women the vote.Grimshaw was born on 16 December 1938, to a working-class family in Auckland, New Zealand. She studied at the University of Auckland, graduating with a Bachelor of Arts in 1960 and a Master of Arts (MA) in 1963. Her MA thesis on women's suffrage was later published as Women's Suffrage in New Zealand in 1972, and republished in 1975 and 1987. The book became a best-seller in New Zealand in 1972, and continues to be regarded as the definitive work on the story of the New Zealand women's suffrage campaign.
<Donald_Othmer>	Donald Frederick Othmer (May 11, 1904 – November 1, 1995) was an American professor of chemical engineering, an inventor, multi-millionaire and philanthropist, whose most famous work is the Kirk-Othmer Encyclopedia of Chemical Technology, which is a major reference work in chemistry.Othmer was born in Omaha, Nebraska on May 11, 1904. He attended Omaha Central High School, then gained a scholarship to the chemical engineering program at Armour Institute of Technology (now Illinois Institute of Technology), in Chicago. However, he changed to the University of Nebraska, graduating in 1924 in Chemical Engineering. He completed a Masters at the University of Michigan in 1925 and completed a doctorate in chemical engineering with a thesis entitled "The effect of temperature, purity and temperature drop on the rate of condensation of steam" at the same university in 1927.From 1927 to 1931 he worked as an engineer at the Eastman Kodak Company in Rochester, New York, producing 40 patents.  In 1932 he joined the Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn as an instructor in the newly independent Department of Chemical Engineering. He was to remain there. In 1937 he became Head of Department, which continued until 1961, when he was named Distinguished Professor. His duties ended in 1976 when he was made Professor Emeritus, but he never officially retired and was actively involved with what was by then the Polytechnic University until his death on November 1, 1995.
<Avinor>	Avinor AS is a state-owned limited company that operates most of the civil airports in Norway. The Norwegian state, via the Norwegian Ministry of Transport and Communications, controls 100 percent of the share capital. Avinor was created on 1 January 2003, by the privatization of the Norwegian Civil Aviation Administration known as Luftfartsverket. Its head office is in Bjørvika, Oslo, located on the seaside of Oslo Central Station.Avinor owns and operates 44 airports in Norway, fourteen in association with the Royal Norwegian Air Force, and is responsible for air traffic control services in Norway. In addition to the 44 airports, it operates three Area Control Centers: Bodø Air Traffic Control Center, Stavanger Air Traffic Control Center and Oslo ATCC.As of 2010[update], the chief executive officer was Sverre Quale who has been in the job since 18 April 2006. He was previously the head of the Norwegian Accident Investigation Board. As of 2011, Sverre Quale has been employed as the Chief Executive at Multiconsult. His replacement, Dag Falk-Petersen, has served as CEO of CHC Helicopters. In February 2021, Abraham Foss took on the role of CEO of the company. Avinor has about 3000 employees, including air traffic control, air navigation services, rescue, maintenance, administration and other airport operations personnel.
<New_Grub_Street>	New Grub Street is a novel by George Gissing published in 1891, which is set in the literary and journalistic circles of 1880s London. Gissing revised and shortened the novel for a French edition of 1901.The story deals with the literary world that Gissing himself had experienced. Its title refers to the London street, Grub Street, which in the 18th century became synonymous with hack literature; by Gissing's time, Grub Street itself no longer existed, though hack-writing certainly did. Its two central characters are a sharply contrasted pair of writers: Edwin Reardon, a novelist of some talent but limited commercial prospects, and a shy, cerebral man; and Jasper Milvain, a young journalist, hard-working and capable of generosity, but cynical and only semi-scrupulous about writing and its purpose in the modern (i.e. late Victorian) world.
<Wayne_Allyn_Root>	Wayne Allyn Root (born July 20, 1961) is an American conservative television and radio host, author, activist, conservative political commentator and conspiracy theorist. He is the host of two new television shows, daily at 7 PM ET on Lindell TV network (FrankSpeech.com) and Saturdays at Noon ET "America's Top Ten Countdown with Wayne Allyn Root" on Real America's Voice TV Network. He is also the radio host of "Wayne Allyn Root: Raw & Unfiltered" on AM 670 in Las Vegas and nationally-syndicated on the USA Radio Network, and formerly on Newsmax TV. Root was an opinion columnist for the Las Vegas Review-Journal. His newspaper columns are currently nationally syndicated on Sundays by Creators Syndicate. Root was the vice presidential nominee for the Libertarian Party in the 2008 presidential election. In 2012, he left the Libertarian Party, rejoined the Republican Party, and endorsed and voted for Mitt Romney and Donald Trump in 2016 and 2020. He later expressed regret for his support of Romney, but has remained a staunch supporter of Trump.
<National_Tsing_Hua_University>	Coordinates: 24°47′37″N 120°59′34″E﻿ / ﻿24.79361°N 120.99278°E﻿ / 24.79361; 120.99278National Tsing Hua University (NTHU; Chinese: 國立清華大學; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Chheng-hôa Tāi-ha̍k) is a public research university in Hsinchu City, Taiwan.National Tsing Hua University was first founded in Beijing. After the Chinese Civil War, the then-president of the university, Mei Yiqi, and other major academics fled to Taiwan with the retreating Nationalist government. In 1956, they reinstalled National Tsing Hua University in Hsinchu, Taiwan, which has since remained independent and distinct from Tsinghua University in Beijing.
<Bologna_F.C._1909>	Bologna Football Club 1909, commonly referred to as Bologna (Italian pronunciation: [boˈloɲɲa]), is an Italian professional football club based in Bologna, Emilia-Romagna that plays in Serie A, the top flight of Italian football. The club have won seven top-flight titles, two Coppa Italia titles, and one UEFA Intertoto Cup.Founded in 1909, Bologna were founding members of Serie A, and won many of their league championships during the late 1930s. The club ceded any league dominance by 1964, when they won their last league title to date. They won their two Coppa Italia titles in the 1970s, before battling relegation throughout the latter part of the 20th century. Bologna changed ownership multiple times during the early 2000s and 2010s, due to financial mismanagement, and later stabilized under the guise of a Canadian consortium led by Joey Saputo.
<Luís_Andrade>	Luís Filipe Andrade de Oliveira (born 30 September 1973), known as Andrade, is a Portuguese retired professional footballer, currently manager of Brazilian club Flamengo (women). A gritty player with few skills, he operated mainly as a defensive midfielder but could also play as a defender.Andrade was born in Lisbon. After playing his youth football at Sporting CP, he went on to represent G.D. Estoril Praia, C.F. Estrela da Amadora, C.F. Os Belenenses, S.L. Benfica (five years, with one season loaned to S.C. Braga), Académica de Coimbra, C.D. Pinhalnovense, C.D. Olivais e Moscavide and Odivelas FC.Andrade also had abroad spells with CD Tenerife (Spanish second division) and AEP Paphos FC (Cypriot First Division, a few months), and finished his 20-year senior career in the regional championships in 2013, with GS Loures and Odivelas again. He amassed Primeira Liga totals of 193 games and one goal over 12 seasons, and was a member of the Portuguese national side that competed at the 1996 Olympic Games, helping them reach the fourth place.
<Whitehead_Prize>	The Whitehead Prize is awarded yearly by the London Mathematical Society to multiple mathematicians working in the United Kingdom who are at an early stage of their career. The prize is named in memory of homotopy theory pioneer J. H. C. Whitehead.More specifically, people being considered for the award must be resident in the United Kingdom on 1 January of the award year or must have been educated in the United Kingdom. Also, the candidates must have less than 15 years of work at the postdoctorate level and must not have received any other prizes from the Society.
<Daniel_Pauly>	Daniel Pauly is a French-born marine biologist, well known for his work in studying human impacts on global fisheries and in 2020 was the most cited fisheries scientist in the world. He is a professor and the project leader of the Sea Around Us Project at the Institute for the Oceans and Fisheries at the University of British Columbia.  He also served as Director of the UBC Fisheries Centre from November 2003 to October 2008.Pauly was born in Paris, France.  He grew up, however, in La Chaux de Fonds, Switzerland in what was called a strange "Dickensian" childhood where he was forced to stay as a live-in servant to a new family.  For the first 16 years of his life, Pauly lived an inward life as he was mixed race in an all-white town, finding solace in books/reading and model construction.  At 16 he ran away and put himself through high school in Wuppertal, Germany after one year working with disabled people for a local church-run institution.  His work led to a scholarship to the University of Kiel.It was at the University of Kiel where Pauly decided on fisheries biology.  He said he wanted to work in the tropics because he felt that he would "fit in" better there.  He also wanted to devote his life to an applied job where he could help people.
<Fox_Kids>	Fox Kids (originally known as Fox Children's Network and later as the Fox Kids Network; stylized as FOX KIDS) was an American children's programming block and branding for a slate of international children's television channels. Originally a joint venture between the Fox Broadcasting Company (Fox) and its affiliated stations, it was later owned by Fox Family Worldwide.The Fox Kids brand originated on a programming block that launched on the Fox network from September 8, 1990, to September 7, 2002. The block aired on Saturday mornings throughout its existence (Sunday mornings in Canada), with an additional lineup on Monday through Friday afternoons airing until January 2002. Fox Kids is the only form of daytime television programming, outside of sports, aired by the Fox network to date. Following then-Fox parent News Corporation's sale of Fox Kids Worldwide to The Walt Disney Company in July 2001, Fox put the remaining Saturday morning timeslot up for bidding, with 4Kids Entertainment winning and securing the rights to program that period. The Fox Kids block continued to air until September 7, 2002, and was replaced the following week (on September 14) by the 4Kids-programmed FoxBox block.Fox Kids was best known for airing the most-popular programs on the network, such as Bobby’s World and the Power Rangers series, with the latter dominating the block's schedule with increased ratings and creating a franchise, resulting in Fox Kids frequently using Power Rangers for its promotions due to the shows’ popularity.
<Salim_Group>	The Salim Group is Indonesia's biggest conglomerate and refers to companies where the Salim family held majority ownership. Its assets include Indofood Sukses Makmur, the world's largest instant noodle producer; Indomobil Group, one of Indonesia's largest car manufacturers; Indomaret, Indonesia's largest convenience store chain; and Bogasari, a large flour-milling operation. The group was founded in October 1972 by Sudono Salim and his junior partner Sutanto Djuhar (Lin Wenjing). The current CEO is Anthoni Salim, a son of Sudono Salim.The Salim Group also owns major oil palm plantations (about 1,000 km2) and logging concessions. Salim Group has been involved in property development and the leisure industry for around 30 years. Its businesses include hotel and resort development, golf courses, and commercial real estate.
<Serhiy_Rozhok>	Serhiy Rozhok (Ukrainian: Сергій Володимирович Рожок; born 25 April 1985) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder.After leaving Smolevichi at the end 2018 season, he has been playing for Ukrainian amateur teams in Kyiv Oblast league.Rozhok represented Ukraine at 2004 UEFA European Under-19 Championship and 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship.
<University_of_Coimbra>	The University of Coimbra (UC; Portuguese: Universidade de Coimbra, pronounced [univɨɾsiˈðad(ɨ) dɨ kuˈĩbɾɐ]) is a public research university in Coimbra, Portugal. First established in Lisbon in 1290, it went through a number of relocations until moving permanently to Coimbra in 1537. The university is among the oldest universities in continuous operation in the world, the oldest in Portugal, and played an influential role in the development of higher education in the Portuguese-speaking world. In 2013, UNESCO declared the university a World Heritage Site, noting its architecture, unique culture and traditions, and historical role.The contemporary university is organized into eight faculties, granting bachelor's (licenciado), master's (mestre) and doctorate (doutor) degrees in nearly all major fields. It lends its name to the Coimbra Group of European research universities founded in 1985, of which it was a founding member. Enrolling over 20,000 students, more than 15% of whom are international, it is one of Portugal's most cosmopolitan universities.
<Macbeth_(1948_film)>	Macbeth is a 1948 American historical drama war film adaptation by Orson Welles of William Shakespeare's tragedy Macbeth, with Welles in the lead role. Jeanette Nolan co-stars as Lady Macbeth.In 1947, Orson Welles began promoting the notion of bringing a Shakespeare drama to the motion picture screen. He initially attempted to pique Alexander Korda's interest in an adaptation of Othello, but was unable to gather support for the project. Welles switched to pushing for a film adaptation of Macbeth, which he visualized in its violent setting as "a perfect cross between Wuthering Heights and Bride of Frankenstein."Teaming with producer Charles K. Feldman, Welles successfully convinced Herbert Yates, founder and president of Republic Pictures, of the prospect of creating a film version of Macbeth. Yates was attempting to raise the level of his studio, which produced Roy Rogers Westerns and low-budget features, into that of a prestige studio. Republic had already tried to present off-beat features, including Gustav Machatý's Jealousy (1945) and Ben Hecht's Specter of the Rose (1946).
<Melbourne_City_FC>	Melbourne City Football Club is an Australian professional soccer club based in the south–eastern Melbourne suburb of Cranbourne East, that plays in the A-League, the top level of Australian soccer, under licence from Australian Professional Leagues (APL).Founded in 2009 as Melbourne Heart, the club competed under that name from its inaugural 2010–11 season until they were rebranded in mid-2014 by the City Football Group (CFG), in partnership with Holding M.S. Australia. In August 2015, City Football Group bought out the Holding M.S. Australia consortium to have 100% ownership of the club.
<Barry_Took>	Barry Took (19 June 1928 – 31 March 2002) was an English writer, television presenter and comedian. His decade-and-a-half writing partnership with Marty Feldman led to the television series Bootsie and Snudge, the radio comedy Round the Horne and other projects.He is also remembered in the UK for presenting Points of View, a BBC Television programme featuring viewers' letters on the BBC's output, and the BBC Radio 4 programme The News Quiz.
<John_McCook>	John Thomas McCook (born June 20, 1944) is an American actor. He first gained prominence for his portrayal of the character Lance Prentiss on the television soap opera The Young and the Restless (from 1975 - 1980). Since March 1987, he has played the role of Eric Forrester on The Bold and the Beautiful, winning the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series in 2022 after four nominations. Since March 1987, he has played the role of Eric Forrester on The Bold and the Beautiful.  He previously portrayed the character of Lance Prentiss on The Young and the Restless from October 1975 to February 1980, leaving at the time the show moved to the hour format. In addition, he has appeared as a guest in episodes on dozens of primetime series. B&B co-star Winsor Harmon once starred with McCook on an episode of Acapulco H.E.A.T. filmed in Mexico. Harmon told Soap Opera Digest about their guest stint on H.E.A.T.: "I hung out with John McCook the whole time and I kept watching all these people from other countries asking for his autograph. I'm thinking to myself, 'Who the hell is this guy?' So one night, we were drinking Coronas and I asked him why he had so many fans and he explained how B&B was so popular around the world. I had no idea. The more he talked about it, the more I was thinking, 'I want to be on that show.'... The first time I drove into the parking lot, there was John, just pointing at me and laughing. He asked what I was doing here and I told him that I was Thorne. That's when he told me that he was going to be playing my dad. That was just too wild."
<Jim_Prentice>	Peter Eric James Prentice PC QC (July 20, 1956 – October 13, 2016) was a Canadian politician who served as the 16th premier of Alberta from 2014 to 2015. In the 2004 federal election he was elected to the House of Commons of Canada as a candidate of the Conservative Party of Canada. He was re-elected in the 2006 federal election and appointed to the cabinet as Minister of Indian Affairs and Northern Development and Federal Interlocutor for Métis and Non-Status Indians. Prentice was appointed Minister of Industry on August 14, 2007, and after the 2008 election became Minister of Environment on October 30, 2008. On November 4, 2010, Prentice announced his resignation from cabinet and as MP for Calgary Centre-North. After retiring from federal politics he entered the private sector as vice-chairman of CIBC.Prentice entered provincial politics in his home province of Alberta, and ran for the leadership of the Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta to replace Dave Hancock, who was serving as interim Premier and party leader after Alison Redford's resignation. On September 6, 2014, Prentice won the leadership election, becoming both the leader of the Progressive Conservatives and as such the Premier, as his party held a majority in the Legislative Assembly of Alberta.As Premier of Alberta, Prentice formed a new cabinet consisting of some members from the previous government, but also new Ministers including two who did not hold seats in the Legislature—Stephen Mandel and Gordon Dirks. All three stood as candidates in by-elections scheduled for October 27, 2014, and all three were elected with Prentice becoming the MLA for Calgary-Foothills. After introducing his first budget in 2015, Prentice declared an early provincial election on May 5, 2015. In the election, Prentice's PCs suffered an unprecedented defeat, dropping to third place in the legislature with just 10 seats – ending 44 years of Tory rule in Alberta, the longest consecutive reign for any political party at the provincial level in Canada. Despite winning re-election in Calgary-Foothills, on election night Prentice resigned as both PC leader and MLA and retired from politics after results indicated that the Alberta NDP had won a majority government.
<Mark_Harmon>	Thomas Mark Harmon (born September 2, 1951) is an American actor. He is most famous for playing the lead role of Leroy Jethro Gibbs in NCIS. He also appeared in a wide variety of roles since the early 1970s. Initially a college football player, he was named "Sexiest Man Alive" by People magazine in 1986, due largely to his role as Dr. Robert Caldwell on St. Elsewhere, a role notable for being one of the first TV characters that had HIV. After spending the majority of the 1990s as a character actor, he played Secret Service special agent Simon Donovan in a four-episode story arc in The West Wing in 2002, receiving an Emmy Award nomination for the role.Harmon's character of NCIS special agent Leroy Jethro Gibbs was introduced in a guest starring role in two episodes of JAG. From 2003 to 2021, Harmon starred in the spinoff NCIS as the same character.
<On_All_Floors>	On All Floors is a 2002 British short film directed by Geoff Evans and written by Craig Handley. It is a dark comedy which tells the story of five people who are trapped in a falling elevator.  Believing they have only a few minutes left to live, the lift's occupants start to confess their deepest, darkest secrets.Stuart (Jason May) is in his mid-thirties and is the manager of a highly successful sales company. Unknown to his colleagues and indeed his employers, is that Stuart has previous criminal convictions for horse buggery and a penchant for wearing his dead mother's lingerie.
<B._Marcus_Priteca>	Benjamin Marcus Priteca FAIA (23 December 1889 – 1 October 1971) was a Scottish architect. He is best known for designing theatres for Alexander Pantages.Benjamin Marcus Priteca was born into a Jewish family in Glasgow on 23 December 1889. His nickname was "Benny". He served an apprenticeship in Edinburgh under architect Robert MacFarlane Cameron from 1904 to 1909, and earned degrees from the University of Edinburgh and the Royal College of Arts during this time. In 1909, he emigrated to the U.S. and settled in Seattle.Priteca met Seattle vaudeville theatre owner Alexander Pantages in 1910 and won a commission from him to design the San Francisco Pantages Theater (1911), the first of many so-named vaudeville and motion picture houses in what would become one of the largest theater chains in North America.
<White_House_History>	White House History is a quarterly periodical published by the White House Historical Association, a private, non-profit organization whose mission is to enhance the public's understanding, appreciation, and enjoyment of the White House, the official residence and workplace of the president of the United States.White House History features articles on the White House, typically relating to the house's use and life on the premises. White House History is not a political forum, although its subject matter includes political history.White House History serves a varied readership, including historians, and professionals and lay people in the areas of American political and cultural history, architecture, fine and decorative arts, and landscape design.
<George_Paget_Thomson>	Sir George Paget Thomson, FRS (/ˈtɒmsən/; 3 May 1892 – 10 September 1975) was a British physicist and Nobel laureate in physics recognized for his discovery of the wave properties of the electron by electron diffraction.Thomson was born in Cambridge, England, the son of physicist and Nobel laureate J. J. Thomson and Rose Elisabeth Paget, daughter of George Edward Paget. Thomson went to The Perse School, Cambridge before going on to read mathematics and physics at Trinity College, Cambridge, until the outbreak of World War I in 1914, when he was commissioned into the Queen's Royal West Surrey Regiment. After brief service in France, he transferred to the Royal Flying Corps in 1915 doing research on aerodynamics at the Royal Aircraft Establishment at Farnborough and elsewhere. He resigned his commission as a captain in 1920.
<Chris_Kettings>	Christopher David Kettings (born 25 October 1992) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.Kettings started his career with Manchester City in their Centre of Excellence before joining Blackpool in 2007, and signed a two-year scholarship in 2009 after serving two years in their Centre of Excellence. He signed a professional contract with the club in 2011 and was subsequently loaned out to Birmingham City, Woodley Sports, Morecambe, York City and Hyde. Kettings was released by Blackpool in May 2014 and signed for Crystal Palace a month later. He was with Palace for two years, having loan spells with Stevenage and Bromley before being released in June 2016 and joining Oldham Athletic a month later.
<Claus_Montonen>	Claus Kalevi Montonen (born 1946) is a Finnish theoretical physicist, most known for his work with British physicist David Olive in proposing the Montonen–Olive duality.Claus Montonen received his MSc from the University of Helsinki in 1968 and his PhD at the University of Cambridge in 1974, where he was taught by David Olive before he left for CERN. He held research fellowships at Orsay, CNRS and CERN. From  1974 he has held various research and teaching positions at the University of Helsinki and Helsinki Institute of Physics.In 1977 while at CERN Montonen, together with Olive,  made the remarkable conjecture that there should exist an electromagnetic dual theory in which the roles of magnetic monopoles and gauge bosons are interchanged. The Montonen-Olive duality was later found to emerge from a deeper web of dualities underlying M-theory, ushering in the  second superstring revolution of the mid 1990s, through the work of Ed Witten and others.
<John_Price_Wetherill_Medal>	The John Price Wetherill Medal was an award of the Franklin Institute.  It was established with a bequest given by the family of John Price Wetherill (1844–1906) on April 3, 1917.  On June 10, 1925, the Board of Managers voted to create a silver medal, to be awarded for "discovery or invention in the physical sciences" or "new and important combinations of principles or methods already known".  The legend on the first medal read: "for discovery, invention, or development in the physical sciences". The John Price Wetherill Medal was last awarded in 1997.  As of 1998 all of the endowed medals previously awarded by the Franklin Institute were reorganized as the Benjamin Franklin Medals.
<Tadcaster_railway_station>	Tadcaster railway station was a railway station on the Harrogate to Church Fenton Line in Tadcaster, North Yorkshire, England.The station opened in 1848 as part of the Harrogate to Church Fenton Line of the York and North Midland Railway. Another line from Copmanthorpe to Cross Gates was authorised in 1846 and would have joined the line from Harrogate just north of Tadcaster station, but aside from a bridge across the River Wharfe it was never built. Unlike other railway stations on the line, Tadcaster had fully enclosed platforms under a single station canopy. The station building was designed by G. T. Andrews in Gothic style. A lattice footbridge connected the platforms. There were two signal boxes. The northern one controlled the level crossing north of the station and some private sidings beyond it, the southern one which appears to have been closed and dismantled by 1909 controlled the goods yard tracks. The station had a goods office, a goods shed, and an adjacent water tower. Malt houses, breweries, and a flour mill were major freight customers. Much of the passenger traffic resulted from special trains for the students of Tadcaster Grammar School; the number of advertised passenger services was low.
<Amy_Acker>	Amy Louise Acker[citation needed] (born December 5, 1976[better source needed]) is an American actress. She is best known for starring as Winifred Burkle and Illyria on the supernatural drama series Angel (2001–2004), as Kelly Peyton on the action drama series Alias (2005–2006), and as Root on the science-fiction drama series Person of Interest (2012–2016). From 2017 to 2019, she starred as Caitlin Strucker on the superhero drama series The Gifted, based on Marvel Comics' X-Men.Amy Louise Acker was born on December 5, 1976 and raised in Dallas, Texas, to a homemaker mother and a lawyer father.[better source needed] She studied ballet and modern dance for 14 years. She underwent knee surgery while in high school, ending her ballet career. Acker graduated from Lake Highlands High School in Dallas. She subsequently earned a bachelor's degree in theater from Southern Methodist University.
<Bruninho_(footballer,_born_1986)>	Bruno Filipe Raposo Fernandes (born 11 January 1986 in Mira de Aire, Leiria District), known as Bruninho, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Penya Encarnada d'Andorra as a winger.
<Memphis,_Tennessee>	Memphis is a city in the U.S. state of Tennessee. It is the seat of Shelby County in the southwest part of the state; it is situated along the Mississippi River. With a population of 633,104 at the 2020 U.S. census, Memphis is the second-most populous city in Tennessee, after Nashville.Memphis is the fifth-most populous city in the Southeast, the nation's 28th-largest overall, as well as the largest city bordering the Mississippi River. The Memphis metropolitan area includes West Tennessee and the greater Mid-South region, which includes portions of neighboring Arkansas, Mississippi and the Missouri Bootheel. One of the more historic and culturally significant cities of the Southern United States, Memphis has a wide variety of landscapes and distinct neighborhoods.The first European explorer to visit the area of present-day Memphis was Spanish conquistador Hernando de Soto in 1541. The high Chickasaw Bluffs protecting the location from the waters of the Mississippi was contested by Spanish, French, and English colonizers as Memphis developed. By 1819, when modern Memphis was founded, it was part of United States territory. John Overton, James Winchester, and Andrew Jackson founded the city. Based on the wealth of cotton plantations and river traffic along the Mississippi, Memphis grew into one of the largest cities of the Antebellum South. After the American Civil War and the end of slavery, the city continued to grow into the 20th century. It became among the largest world markets for cotton and lumber.
<Old_Colony_Railroad>	The Old Colony Railroad (OC) was a major railroad system, mainly covering southeastern Massachusetts and parts of Rhode Island, which operated from 1845 to 1893. Old Colony trains ran from Boston to points such as Plymouth, Fall River, New Bedford, Newport, Providence, Fitchburg, Lowell and Cape Cod. For many years the Old Colony Railroad Company also operated steamboat and ferry lines, including those of the Fall River Line with express train service from Boston to its wharf in Fall River where passengers boarded luxury liners to New York City. The company also briefly operated a railroad line on Martha's Vineyard, as well as the freight-only Union Freight Railroad in Boston. The OC was named after the "Old Colony", the nickname for the Plymouth Colony.From 1845 to 1893, the OC network grew extensively largely through a series of mergers and acquisitions with other established railroads, until it was itself acquired by the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad under lease agreement on March 1, 1893, for its entire 617-mile (993 km) network. After this date, all trains, lines, and stations became known as the "Old Colony Division" of the huge "New Haven" system. During this period, the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad enjoyed a virtual monopoly on all passenger and freight rail service in southern New England.
<Trenitalia>	Trenitalia is the primary train operator in Italy. A subsidiary of Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane, itself owned by the Italian government, the company was established in 2000 following a European Union directive on the deregulation of rail transport.The Italian government formed Trenitalia to comply with European regulations. The European Commission's First Railway Directive from 1991 (91/440/EC) required separation of accounting between entities which manage the rail infrastructure and entities which provide the actual rail transportation. On 1 June 2000, therefore, Italy created Trenitalia as the primary rail transportation company and on 1 July 2001 established Rete Ferroviaria Italiana (RFI) as the company overseeing the rail network. However, the separation was only formal, since both are subsidiaries of the Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane holding and are owned wholly by the government. Trenitalia operated freight rail services under the Trenitalia Cargo brand until 2017, when Mercitalia took over state-owned freight rail and logistics operations.As of July 2014, Adria Ferries has a partnership with Trenitalia wherein tickets can be booked at any train station for onward journey to Durrës, at a steeply discounted price with respect to both tickets separately purchased. This is for connections either in Ancona or in Trieste, and continues the historical link between the Via Appia Traiana and the Via Egnatia.
<Boston_Yanks>	The Boston Yanks were a National Football League team based in Boston, Massachusetts, that played from 1944 to 1948. The team played its home games at Fenway Park. Any games that conflicted with the Boston Red Sox baseball schedule in the American League were held at Braves Field of the cross-town National League team, the Boston Braves. Team owner Ted Collins, who managed singer and television show host Kate Smith (1907–1986) for thirty years, picked the name Yanks because he originally wanted to run a team that played at New York City's old Yankee Stadium. The Yanks could manage only a 2–8 record during their first regular season.Because of a shortage of players caused by World War II, the Yanks were temporarily merged with the erratic founding APFA member Dayton Triangles' franchise, then known as the Brooklyn Tigers, for the 1945 season, and styled as just the Yanks with no home city named. The merged team played four home games in Boston and one in New York and finished with a 3–6–1 record.
<Micky_Hoogendijk>	Micky Hoogendijk (born July 8, 1970) is a Dutch actress, presenter, model and professional photographer.Hoogendijk was born in Amsterdam. She is one of the first people in the Netherlands to be conceived via artificial insemination. She was raised by her mother in an international art environment.
<Margaret_Stock>	Margaret D. Stock (born 1961) is an American politician, immigration attorney, and retired Lieutenant Colonel in the United States Army Reserve. She is a recognized expert on immigration law as it applies to U.S. military personnel and veterans.Stock is a 2013 recipient of a MacArthur Fellowship. She has taught law at the United States Military Academy in West Point, New York.She ran for the United States Senate as an Independent candidate in the 2016 Senate election in Alaska.
<Pacific_State_(song)>	"Pacific" is a single by English electronic music group 808 State, released in 1989. It exists in various mix versions known by different titles, such as "Pacific State" (as included on the Quadrastate mini-album that year) and "Pacific 202" (as included on the album Ninety).The song charted for 11 weeks in the United Kingdom, peaking at number 10 on the UK Singles Chart.Gerald Simpson began working on the track before leaving 808 State in 1989, after which it was released and hit the charts. However, according to Simpson, they had finished and released the track without his permission. Although Simpson was credited on its first release on the album Quadrastate both as a writer and co-producer, the dispute escalated as Simpson claimed to have written the entire track.
<Simon_Jenkins>	Sir Simon David Jenkins FSA FRSL (born 10 June 1943) is a British author, a newspaper columnist and editor. He was editor of the Evening Standard from 1976 to 1978 and of The Times from 1990 to 1992.Jenkins chaired the National Trust from 2008 to 2014. He currently writes columns for The Guardian.
<Popeye>	I'm strong to the "finich", 'cause I eats me spinach.Popeye the Sailor Man is a fictional cartoon character created by Elzie Crisler Segar. The character first appeared in the daily King Features comic strip Thimble Theatre on January 17, 1929, and Popeye became the strip's title in later years. The character has also appeared in theatrical and television animated cartoons.
<Grzegorz_Szamotulski>	Grzegorz Szamotulski (Polish pronunciation: [ˈɡʐɛɡɔʂ ʂamɔˈtulski]; born 13 May 1976) is a Polish former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He was most recently the goalkeeping coach for Zagłębie Lubin. He has had a nomadic career, playing for 15 clubs in seven countries: Poland, Greece, Austria, Scotland, England, Slovakia and Israel.Born in Gdańsk, Szamotulski started his career with Lechia Gdańsk before making over 100 appearances for Legia Warsaw. Grzegorz then went on to play for PAOK FC, Śląsk Wrocław, Amica Wronki, Admira Wacker Mödling and Sturm Graz.
<Arno_Fischer>	Arno Fischer (Wedding, Berlin, 14 April 1927 – Neustrelitz, 13 September 2011) was a German photographer and university teacher.Arno Fischer's father worked as a type setter. Arno attended school locally from 1933 till 1941 when he started training in aspects of carpentry (wood carving/modelling, pattern making). On reaching 17 he joined the army in 1944/45 concluding his military career as a prisoner of war held by the British, who released him in 1946.
<Seoul_National_University>	Seoul National University (SNU; Korean: 서울대학교; Hanja: 서울大學校; lit. Seoul University) is a national public research university located in Seoul, South Korea. Founded in 1946, Seoul National University is the most prestigious university in South Korea. The university has three campuses: the main campus in Gwanak District and two additional campuses in Daehangno and Pyeongchang County. The university comprises sixteen colleges, one graduate school and nine professional schools. The student body consists of nearly 17,000 undergraduate and 11,000 graduate students. According to data compiled by KEDI, the university spends more on its students per capita than any other universities in the country that enroll at least 10,000 students.Seoul National University holds a memorandum of understanding with over 700 academic institutions in 40 countries, the World Bank and a general academic exchange program with the University of Pennsylvania. Moreover, the university is part of Washington University in St. Louis's McDonnell International Scholars Academy. The Graduate School of Business offers dual master's degrees with Duke University, ESSEC Business School, Hitotsubashi University and Yale School of Management and MBA-, MS- and PhD-candidate exchange programs with universities in ten countries on four continents. Furthermore, the Graduate School of International Studies offers dual master's degree with the Graduate School of Public Policy, University of Tokyo, ESSEC Business School, KU Leuven's Faculty of Social Science, the Faculty of Humanities at the University of Tübingen and Peking University's School of International Studies, as well as exchange programs at distinguished universities in 17 countries for MA- and PhD-candidates. Following a government mandate to globalize Korean universities, the university's international faculty head count peaked at 242 or 4% of the total in 2010, but subsequently declined.Seoul National University, and specifically its undergraduate liberal arts college, finds its roots in the remaining properties from the abolished Keijō Imperial University, one of the Imperial Universities founded by the Japanese Empire. In the 1940s, with US Military Ordinance No.102 of United States Army Military Government in Korea, Keijo Imperial University was abolished. Later, the government of the Republic of Korea merged the remaining properties with nine colleges and professional schools, and the consolidated institution was renamed Seoul National University in accordance with the Act of the National University Seoul enacted by the National Assembly.
<Kris_Jenner>	Kristen Mary Jenner (née  Houghton /ˈhoʊtən/ HOH-tən, formerly Kardashian; born November 5, 1955) is an American media personality, socialite, and businesswoman. She rose to fame starring in the reality television series Keeping Up with the Kardashians (2007–2021).She has four children from her first marriage to lawyer Robert Kardashian: Kourtney, Kim, Khloé and Robert, and two children from her second marriage to television personality and retired Olympic Games medalist Bruce Jenner (now Caitlyn): Kendall and Kylie.
<S.S.C._Napoli>	Società Sportiva Calcio Napoli, commonly referred to as Napoli (pronounced [ˈnaːpoli]), is an Italian professional football club based in the city of Naples (Italian: Napoli, Neapolitan: Napule), Campania that plays in Serie A, the top flight of Italian football. Napoli has won two Serie A titles, six Coppa Italia titles, two Supercoppa Italiana titles, and one UEFA Cup.The club was formed in 1926 as Associazione Calcio Napoli following the merger of U.S. Internazionale Napoli and Naples Foot-Ball Club. Napoli saw relatively little success in its early years, winning their first major trophy in the 1962 Coppa Italia. Napoli then saw increased success in the late 1970s (including their second Coppa Italia in 1976) and especially in the 1980s, after the club acquired Diego Maradona in 1984. During his time in Naples, Maradona helped the team win several trophies, which led to the club retiring his number 10 jersey. During this period, Napoli won their sole league titles, in 1987 and 1990, the 1987 Coppa Italia, the 1990 Supercoppa Italiana, and their only European trophy with the 1989 UEFA Cup. Following his departure, however, Napoli struggled financially, and endured several relegations and a bankruptcy, prior to being re-founded in 2004 by film producer Aurelio De Laurentiis. Under his leadership, the club has stabilized, which has led to renewed on-field success, winning 2005-06 Serie C1, the 2012, 2014, and 2020 Coppa Italia titles, and the 2014 Supercoppa Italiana.
<Grant_Tinker>	Grant Almerin Tinker (January 11, 1926 – November 28, 2016) was an American television executive who served as chairman and CEO of NBC from 1981 to 1986. Additionally, he was a co-founder of MTM Enterprises and a television producer.Tinker was born in Stamford, Connecticut, the son of Margaret (née Hessin) and Arthur Almerin Tinker. He had a younger sister, Joan.During World War II, Tinker served in the United States Army Air Forces Reserve. He graduated from Dartmouth College. His sons, Mark and John, are also television producers.
<Birkan_Sokullu>	Birkan Sokullu (born 6 October 1985) is a Turkish actor.Birkan Sokullu was born in Istanbul on 6 October 1985. Sokullu's grandparents were Bosnian immigrants. Sokullu left his basketball career after 10 years due to his leg injury. He graduated  from Maltepe University with a specialty in Radio TV Programming. While studying at university, he began his modelling career. He took acting lessons from Dolunay Soysert. He also studied in Drama and Acting Departmant of İstanbul Aydın University for one year. But he left.
<The_Wind-Up_Bird_Chronicle>	The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle (ねじまき鳥クロニクル, Nejimakidori Kuronikuru) is a novel published in 1994–1995 by Japanese author Haruki Murakami. The American translation and its British adaptation, dubbed the "only official translations" (English), are by Jay Rubin and were first published in 1997. For this novel, Murakami received the Yomiuri Literary Award, which was awarded to him by one of his harshest former critics, Kenzaburō Ōe.The original Japanese edition was released in three parts, which make up the three "books" of the single volume English language version.
<Sinobioway_Group>	Sinobioway Group Co., Ltd. was one of the university-owned enterprises of Peking University (the other were Founder Group, Jade Bird Software and Peking University Science Park). The company currently majority (60%) owned by a Peking University professor and other employee of Peking University. The pinyin of the Chinese short name was Wèimíng Jítuán, literally Anonymous Group (or Unnamed Group). However, Sinobioway was not related to other Weiming Group, such as Weiming (Fujian) Investment Group.Sinobioway Group was incorporated on 19 October 1992. The group now involved in pharmaceutical, agriculture, environment management and other industries.Sinobioway Group is the largest shareholder of Sinobioway Medicine (SZSE: 002581) for 26.38% (as at 30 June 2016). Sinobioway Medicine was involved in the delisting of Sinovac Biotech. Sinobioway Medicine, full name "Shandong Sinobioway Medicine Co., Ltd." (formerly known as Wanchang Science & Technology), acquired "Sinobioway Medicine Co., Ltd." as part of a backdoor listing in 2015.
<Gene_Quill>	Daniel Eugene Quill (December 15, 1927 – December 8, 1988) was an American jazz alto saxophonist who played often with Phil Woods in the duet Phil and Quill. Quill also worked as a sideman for Buddy DeFranco, Quincy Jones, Gene Krupa, Gerry Mulligan, and Claude Thornhill. In 1988, Quill died at the age of 60 in his hometown of Atlantic City, New Jersey.With Phil Woods
<C.D._Pinhalnovense>	Clube Desportivo Pinhalnovense is a Portuguese football club based in the town of Pinhal Novo, Palmela, Setúbal District. Founded in 1948, it currently plays in AF Setúbal 2ª Divisão, holding home games at Campo de Jogos Santos Jorge, with a 5,000-seat capacity.The club's most high-profile player was former Portuguese international Jorge Cadete, who spent the 2004–05 season there before retiring.Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
<Encino,_Los_Angeles>	Encino (Spanish for "oak") is a neighborhood in the San Fernando Valley region of Los Angeles, California.In 1769, the Spanish Portolá expedition, first Europeans to see inland areas of California, traveled north through Sepulveda Pass into the San Fernando Valley on August 5 and stayed two nights at a native village near what is now Los Encinos State Historic Park. Fray Juan Crespi, a Franciscan missionary traveling with the expedition, named the valley "El Valle de Santa Catalina de Bolonia de Los Encinos" (The Valley of St. Catherine of Bologna of the Holm Oaks). All of Crespi's name was later dropped except "Encino".
<Brazil>	Coordinates: 10°S 52°W﻿ / ﻿10°S 52°W﻿ / -10; -52Brazil (Portuguese: Brasil; Brazilian Portuguese: [bɾaˈziw] (listen)), officially the Federative Republic of Brazil (Portuguese: República Federativa do Brasil), is the largest country in both South America and Latin America. At 8.5 million square kilometers (3,300,000 sq mi) and with over 217 million people, Brazil is the world's fifth-largest country by area and the seventh most populous. Its capital is Brasília, and its most populous city is São Paulo. The federation is composed of the union of the 26 states and the Federal District. It is the largest country to have Portuguese as an official language and the only one in the Americas; one of the most multicultural and ethnically diverse nations, due to over a century of mass immigration from around the world; and the most populous Roman Catholic-majority country.Bounded by the Atlantic Ocean on the east, Brazil has a coastline of 7,491 kilometers (4,655 mi). It borders all other countries and territories in South America except Ecuador and Chile and covers roughly half of the continent's land area. Its Amazon basin includes a vast tropical forest, home to diverse wildlife, a variety of ecological systems, and extensive natural resources spanning numerous protected habitats. This unique environmental heritage positions Brazil at number one of 17 megadiverse countries, and is the subject of significant global interest, as environmental degradation through processes like deforestation has direct impacts on global issues like climate change and biodiversity loss.
<Dear_Rosie>	Dear Rosie (1990) is a 1990 British short subject directed by Peter Cattaneo from a script by Peter Morgan and Mark Wadlow. The plot follows Rosie, played by Fiona Victory, an unsuccessful novelist who begins receiving letters from overweight people after her agent publishes her diet tips.Cattaneo directed the short while he was a student at the Royal College of Art. The 11-minute film premiered at the 1990 London Film Festival. The following year, it was presented at the New York Film Festival.
<Rui_Fonte>	Rui Pedro da Rocha Fonte (born 23 April 1990) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a forward or a right winger for F.C. Famalicão.After signing for Arsenal as a 16-year-old, he only made one competitive appearance for the club before signing with Sporting, who loaned him several times for the duration of his contract, including at Espanyol, who acquired him permanently in 2011. He subsequently joined Benfica, where injury problems saw him feature sparingly until his release; with his next team, Braga, he notably won the 2016 Portuguese Cup.
<A._M._Homes>	Amy M. Homes (pen name A. M. Homes; born December 18, 1961) is an American writer best known for her controversial novels and unusual short stories, which feature extreme situations and characters. Notably, her novel The End of Alice (1996) is about a convicted child molester and murderer.Homes, who was adopted at birth, met her biological parents for the first time when she was 31, and published a memoir, The Mistress's Daughter (2007) about her exploration of her expanded "family". Her novel[update] May We Be Forgiven was published by Viking Books in 2012; its first chapter was published in the 100th issue of Granta (in 2008; edited by William Boyd), and was selected by Salman Rushdie for The Best American Short Stories 2008. The novel won the Women's Prize for Fiction in 2013. Her newest novel, The Unfolding, was published by Viking on September 6, 2022.
<FremantleMedia>	Fremantle (/ˈfriːmæntəl/; formerly FremantleMedia) is a British multinational television production and distribution company based in London. Fremantle takes its name from Fremantle International, acquired by predecessor company All American Television in 1994. Pearson Television was renamed FremantleMedia on 20 August 2001, following the 2000 merger of Pearson Television and Bertelsmann's CLT-UFA to form the RTL Group.Fremantle owns non-scripted formats, including the British talent competitions Idols (created by Simon Fuller), Got Talent and The X Factor (both created by Simon Cowell), shows which have been sold around the world. Since 1994, Fremantle has distributed American game shows in the US and internationally.
<Kenneth_Grahame>	Kenneth Grahame (/ˈɡreɪ.əm/ GRAY-əm; 8 March 1859 – 6 July 1932) was a British writer born in Edinburgh, Scotland. He is most famous for The Wind in the Willows (1908), a classic of children's literature, as well as The Reluctant Dragon. Both books were later adapted for stage and film, of which A. A. Milne's Toad of Toad Hall, based on part of The Wind in the Willows, was the first. Other adaptations include Cosgrove Hall Films' The Wind in the Willows (and its subsequent long-running television series), and the Walt Disney films (The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad and The Reluctant Dragon).Kenneth Grahame was born on 8 March 1859 in Edinburgh. When he was a little more than a year old, his father, an advocate, received an appointment as sheriff-substitute in Argyllshire, at Inveraray on Loch Fyne. When he was five, his mother died of scarlet fever, and his father, who had a drinking problem, assigned care of Kenneth, his brother Willie, his sister Helen and the new baby Roland to Granny Ingles, the children's maternal grandmother, in Cookham Dean in the village of Cookham in Berkshire.
<Joseph_Felsenstein>	Joseph "Joe" Felsenstein (born May 9, 1942) is a Professor Emeritus in the Departments of Genome Sciences and Biology at the University of Washington in Seattle. He is best known for his work on phylogenetic inference, and is the author of Inferring Phylogenies, and principal author and distributor of the package of phylogenetic inference programs called PHYLIP. Closely related to his work on phylogenetic inference is his introduction of methods for making statistically independent comparisons using phylogenies.Felsenstein did his undergraduate work at the University of Wisconsin–Madison where he did undergraduate research under James F. Crow. He then did doctoral work under Richard Lewontin in the 1960s, when he was at the University of Chicago, and did a postdoc at the Institute of Animal Genetics in Edinburgh prior to becoming faculty at the University of Washington.In addition to his work in phylogenetics, Felsenstein is also noted for his work in theoretical population genetics, including studies on selection, migration, linkage, speciation, and the coalescent.
<Harvey_Keitel>	Harvey Keitel (/kaɪˈtɛl/ ky-TEL; born May 13, 1939) is an American actor. He is known for his portrayal of morally ambiguous and "tough guy" characters. He first rose to prominence during the New Hollywood movement, and has held a long-running association with director Martin Scorsese, starring in six of his films since 1967.Keitel has played in such films as Who's That Knocking at My Door (1967), Mean Streets (1973), Taxi Driver (1976), Blue Collar (1978), The Last Temptation of Christ (1988), Thelma & Louise (1991), Bugsy (1991), Reservoir Dogs (1992), Bad Lieutenant (1992), The Piano (1993), Pulp Fiction (1994), From Dusk till Dawn (1996), Cop Land (1997), Red Dragon (2002), National Treasure (2004), The Grand Budapest Hotel (2014), Youth (2015), and The Irishman (2019). He has been nominated for a number of accolades, including Academy and Golden Globe nominations for Bugsy (1991), and won an AACTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role for The Piano (1993).
<Albert_Parker_(director)>	Albert Parker (May 11, 1885 – August 10, 1974) was an American film director, producer, screenwriter and actor. He directed 36 films between 1917 and 1938. In the early 1930s Parker left Hollywood for England where he continued to direct films and also opened an actors' agency office. One of his later clients in the 1960s was actress Helen Mirren. He was born in New York, USA, and died in London, England.This article about a United States film director born in the 1880s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Alexander_Davydov>	Alexander Sergeevich Davydov (Russian: Александр Сергеевич Давы́дов, Ukrainian: Олекса́ндр Сергі́йович Дави́дов)  (26 December 1912 – 19 February 1993) was a Soviet and Ukrainian physicist. Davydov graduated from Moscow State University in 1939. In 1963-1990 he was Director of Institute for Theoretical Physics of the Ukrainian Academy of Sciences.His main contributions were in theory of absorption, scattering and dispersion of the light in molecular crystals. In 1948, he predicted the phenomenon that is known as Davydov splitting or factor-group splitting, "the splitting of bands in the electronic or vibrational spectra of crystals due to the presence of more than one (interacting) equivalent molecular entity in the unit cell." In the period 1958–1960 he developed the theory of collective excited states in spherical and non-spherical nuclei, known as Davydov-Filippov Model and Davydov-Chaban Model.In 1973, Davydov applied the concept of molecular solitons in order to explain the mechanism of muscle contraction in animals. He studied theoretically the interaction of intramolecular excitations or excess electrons with autolocal breaking of the translational symmetry. These excitations are now known as Davydov solitons. In 1979, Davydov published the first textbook on quantum biology entitled "Biology and Quantum Mechanics" in Russian, which was then translated in English three years later.
<Inseminoid>	Inseminoid (titled Horror Planet in the United States) is a 1981 British science fiction horror film directed by Norman J. Warren. It stars Judy Geeson, Robin Clarke and Stephanie Beacham, along with Victoria Tennant in one of her early film roles. The plot concerns a team of archaeologists and scientists who are excavating the ruins of an ancient civilisation on a distant planet. One of the women in the team (Geeson) is impregnated by an alien creature and taken over by a mysterious intelligence, driving her to murder her colleagues one by one and feed on them.Inseminoid was written by Nick and Gloria Maley, a married couple who had been part of the special effects team on Warren's earlier film Satan's Slave. Filmed between May and June 1980 on a budget of £1 million, half of which was supplied by the Shaw Brothers, it was shot mostly on location at Chislehurst Caves in Kent as well as on the island of Gozo in Malta, combined with a week's filming at Lee International Studios in London. Composer John Scott completed the film's electronic musical score over recording sessions that lasted many hours.
<Elitch_Gardens>	Elitch Gardens was a family-owned seasonal amusement park, theater, and botanic garden in the West Highland neighborhood in northwest Denver, Colorado, United States, at 38th and Tennyson streets. For more than a century Elitch's was one of the most popular entertainment destinations in Colorado. It was nationally known for its luscious gardens, the Elitch Theatre, the Trocadero Ballroom, and the premier wooden roller coaster, Mister Twister. The park moved to downtown Denver in 1994 and later became Six Flags Elitch Gardens (now simply Elitch Gardens once again). The former location has been redeveloped.Elitch's Zoological Gardens opened May 1, 1890, on 16 acres (6.5 ha) of former farmland bought by John Elitch and Mary Elitch. It was the first zoo west of Chicago, and it offered the Denver community a unique cultural experience.Mary Elitch Long managed the park for 26 years following John's death in 1891.  Mary Elitch was the first woman to own and manage a zoo, and "until the opening of the Denver City Park Zoo, Elitch was the only zoological gardens between Chicago and the West Coast." One of the bears was famous for dancing a waltz when the band played.
<Hampton_Del_Ruth>	Hampton Del Ruth (September 7, 1879 – May 15, 1958) was an American film actor, director, screenwriter, and film producer.  Among other work, he wrote the intertitles for the final American studio-made silent film Legong: Dance of the Virgins (1935).Del Ruth began working in film in 1913 and continued until the early 1930s.  He also wrote at least two novels: Port o' Heart's Desire (1926) and Without Restraint (1936).  He was the older brother of film director Roy Del Ruth and uncle of Cinematographer Thomas Del Ruth.
<Alexander_Oparin>	Alexander Ivanovich Oparin (Russian: Александр Иванович Опарин; March 2 [O.S. February 18] 1894 – April 21, 1980) was a Soviet biochemist notable for his theories about the origin of life, and for his book The Origin of Life. He also studied the biochemistry of material processing by plants and enzyme reactions in plant cells. He showed that many food production processes were based on biocatalysis and developed the foundations for industrial biochemistry in the USSR.Born in Uglich in 1894, Oparin graduated from the Moscow State University in 1917 and became a professor of biochemistry there in 1927. Many of his early papers were about plant enzymes and their role in metabolism. In 1924 he put forward a hypothesis suggesting that life on Earth developed through a gradual chemical evolution of carbon-based molecules in the Earth's primordial soup. In 1935, along with academician Alexey Bakh, he founded the Biochemistry Institute of the Soviet Academy of Sciences. In 1939, Oparin became a Corresponding Member of the Academy, and, in 1946, a full member. In 1940s and 1950s he supported the theories of Trofim Lysenko and Olga Lepeshinskaya, who made claims about "the origin of cells from noncellular matter". "Taking the party line" helped advance his career. In 1970, he was elected President of the International Society for the Study of the Origins of Life. He died in Moscow on April 21, 1980, and was interred in Novodevichy Cemetery in Moscow.Oparin became Hero of Socialist Labour in 1969, received the Lenin Prize in 1974 and was awarded the Lomonosov Gold Medal in 1979 "for outstanding achievements in biochemistry". He was also a five-time recipient of the Order of Lenin.
<Marcus_du_Sautoy>	Marcus Peter Francis du Sautoy OBE FRS (/dʊˈsoʊtɔɪ/; born 26 August 1965) is a British mathematician, Simonyi Professor for the Public Understanding of Science at the University of Oxford, Fellow of New College, Oxford and author of popular mathematics and popular science books. He was previously[when?] a fellow of All Souls College, Oxford, Wadham College, Oxford and served as president of the Mathematical Association, an Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC) senior media fellow, and a Royal Society University Research Fellow. In 1996, he was awarded the title of distinction of Professor of Mathematics.[citation needed]Du Sautoy was born in London to Bernard du Sautoy, employed in the computer industry, and Jennifer du Sautoy, who left the Foreign Office to raise her children. He grew up in Henley-on-Thames. His grandfather, Peter du Sautoy, was chairman of the publisher Faber and Faber, and managed the estates of James Joyce and Samuel Beckett. Du Sautoy was educated at Gillotts Comprehensive School and King James's Sixth Form College (now Henley College) and Wadham College, Oxford, where he was awarded a first class honours degree in mathematics. In 1991 he completed a doctorate in mathematics on discrete groups, analytic groups and Poincaré series, supervised by Dan Segal.
<Seth_Raynor>	Seth Jagger Raynor (May 7, 1874 – January 23, 1926) was an American golf course architect and engineer. He designed approximately 85 golf courses in about 13 years, his first in 1914, at age 40. His mentor was Charles Blair Macdonald, the creator of the National Golf Links of America, and a member of the World Golf Hall of Fame.Raynor was also the mentor of Charles Banks who completed many of Raynor's unfinished works after he died. Banks went on to a solo design career, creating approximately 15 courses.Raynor was born in Manorville, New York. He attended Princeton University, studying civil engineering, before leaving in 1898 without a degree. He married Araminta (known as Minta) Hallock in 1903, and for the first years of his working life, engineered drains, roads and waterworks in the area around Southampton, N.Y. where his family had relocated and where he would live for the rest of his life.
<Schuyler_Colfax>	Schuyler Colfax Jr. (/ˈskaɪlər ˈkoʊlfæks/; March 23, 1823 – January 13, 1885) was an American journalist, businessman, and politician who served as the 17th vice president of the United States from 1869 to 1873, and prior to that as the 25th speaker of the House of Representatives from 1863 to 1869. Originally a Whig, then part of the short-lived People's Party of Indiana, and later a Republican, he was the U.S. Representative for Indiana's 9th congressional district from 1855 to 1869.Colfax was known for his opposition to slavery while serving in Congress, and was a founder of the Republican Party. During his first term as speaker he led the effort to pass the Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution, which abolished slavery. When it came before the House for a final vote in January 1865, he emphasized his support by casting a vote in favor—by convention the speaker votes only to break a tie. Chosen as Ulysses S. Grant's running mate in the 1868 election, the pair won easily over Democratic Party nominees Horatio Seymour and Francis Preston Blair Jr. As was typical during the 19th century, Colfax had little involvement in the Grant administration. In addition to his duties as president of the U.S. Senate, he continued to lecture and write for the press while in office. Believing Grant would only serve one term, in 1870 Colfax attempted unsuccessfully to garner support for the 1872 Republican presidential nomination by telling friends and supporters he would not seek a second vice presidential term. When Grant announced that he would run again, Colfax reversed himself and attempted to win the vice-presidential nomination, but it was given to Henry Wilson.
<Christian_Democracy_(Italy)>	Christian Democracy (Italian: Democrazia Cristiana, DC) was a Christian democratic political party in Italy. The DC was founded on 15 December 1943 in the Italian Social Republic (Nazi-occupied Italy) as the ideal successor of the Italian People's Party, which had the same symbol, a crusader shield (scudo crociato). As a Catholic-inspired, centrist, catch-all party comprising both centre-right and centre-left political factions, the DC played a dominant role in the politics of Italy for fifty years, and had been part of the government from soon after its inception until its final demise on 16 January 1994 amid the Tangentopoli scandals. Christian Democrats led the Italian government continuously from 1946 until 1981. The party was nicknamed the "White Whale" (Italian: Balena bianca) due to its huge organization and official color. During its time in government, the Italian Communist Party was the largest opposition party.From 1946 until 1994, the DC was the largest party in the Italian Parliament, governing in successive coalitions, including the Pentapartito system. It originally supported liberal-conservative governments, along with the moderate Italian Democratic Socialist Party, the Italian Liberal Party, and the Italian Republican Party, before moving towards the Organic Centre-left involving the Italian Socialist Party. The party was succeeded by a string of smaller parties, including the Italian People's Party, the Christian Democratic Centre, the United Christian Democrats, and the still active Union of the Centre. Former DC members are also spread among other parties, including the centre-right Forza Italia and the centre-left Democratic Party. It was a founding member of the European People's Party in 1976.
<Wilbur_Hatch>	Wilbur Hatch (May 24, 1902 – December 22, 1969), was an American music composer who worked primarily in radio and television.  He was born in Mokena, Illinois, and died in Studio City, California.Hatch began working in radio in 1922 as a pianist on KYW (Chicago). In 1930 he became director of music on KNX in Los Angeles, California, and on CBS, where he created music for such radio shows as Hawk Durango, The General Electric Theater, Frontier Gentleman, December Bride, Young Love, Your Home Front Reporter, The Screen Guild Theater, The Whistler, Suspense, Meet Corliss Archer, My Favorite Husband, Broadway Is My Beat, and Our Miss Brooks.Hatch also worked as a conductor and music director for CBS.  During the late 1930s and early 1940s he was conductor on The Campbell Soup Radio Show. He was the musical director and composed the theme for CBS Radio's The Whistler (1942–55). Additionally, he was the musical director for CBS Radio's Broadway Is My Beat (1949–54), Mayor of the Town and Luke Slaughter of Tombstone (1958).
<Danny_Lux>	Daniel Scott “Danny” Lux (born June 5, 1969) is an American composer who has contributed music for television and film productions.Film credits include Halloween: Resurrection and Stolen Summer (both in 2002). TV series credits include theme music for Sliders, Million Dollar Mysteries, Crisis Center (first Emmy nomination), Profiler (second Emmy nomination), and Boston Legal. Additional series to which Lux has contributed music include My Name Is Earl (with Mark Leggett), Boston Legal, Grey's Anatomy, Karen Sisco, Hack, Ally McBeal (one BMI win), Boston Public, NYPD Blue (two BMI wins, both shared with Mike Post), John Doe, Sabrina, the Teenage Witch, The Good Wife, Melrose Place, Dawson's Creek, Suits, Magic's Biggest Secrets Finally Revealed, Mistresses, and Manifest.This article about an American composer born in the 20th century is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Ghana_national_under-17_football_team>	The Ghana national U-17 football team, known as the Black Starlets, is the youngest team that represents Ghana in football. They are two-time FIFA U-17 World Cup Champions in 1991 and 1995 and a two-time Runner-up in 1993 and 1997. Ghana has participated in nine of the 17 World Cup events starting with their first in Scotland 1989 through dominating the competition in the 1990s where at one time they qualified for 4 consecutive World Cup finals in Italy 1991, Japan 1993, Ecuador 1995 and Egypt 1997 to their most recent participation in South Korea 2007 where they lost in the World Cup Semi-finals 1–2 to Spain in extra time.They have also won the Africa U-17 Cup of Nations two times in 1995 and 1999 and were Runners-up in 2005 and 2017 as well.
<Edgar_Speyer>	Sir Edgar Speyer, 1st Baronet (7 September 1862 – 16 February 1932) was an American-born financier and philanthropist. He became a British subject in 1892 and was chairman of Speyer Brothers, the British branch of the Speyer family's international finance house, and a partner in the German and American branches. He was chairman of the Underground Electric Railways Company of London (UERL, forerunner of the London Underground) from 1906 to 1915, a period during which the company opened three underground railway lines, electrified a fourth and took over two more.Speyer was a supporter of the musical arts and a friend of several leading composers, including Edward Elgar, Richard Strauss and Claude Debussy. He was chairman of the Classical Music Society for ten years, and he largely funded the Promenade Concerts between 1902 and 1914. His non-musical charitable activities included being honorary treasurer of the fund for Captain Scott's Antarctic expedition. For his philanthropy he was made a baronet in 1906 and a Privy Counsellor in 1909.After the start of the World War I, he became the subject of anti-German attacks in the Press. In 1915, Speyer offered to resign from the Privy Council and to relinquish his baronetcy, but the Prime Minister turned down the offer. He resigned as chairman of the UERL and went to the United States.
<Bangor_University>	Bangor University (Welsh: Prifysgol Bangor) is a public university in Bangor, Wales. It received its Royal Charter in 1885 and was one of the founding institutions of the federal University of Wales. Officially known as University College of North Wales (UCNW; Welsh: Coleg Prifysgol Gogledd Cymru), and later University of Wales, Bangor (UWB; Welsh: Prifysgol Cymru, Bangor), in 2007 it became Bangor University, independent from the University of Wales.
<Jenny_Platt>	Jennifer "Jenny" Platt (born 24 September 1979) is an English actress best known for her role as Violet Wilson in the long-running television soap Coronation Street and her role as Jeanne in Versailles.
<Greg_Wise>	Matthew Gregory Wise, born 1966, is an English actor and producer. He has appeared in several British television programmes and feature films. He played the role of John Willoughby in Sense and Sensibility, which also starred Emma Thompson, whom he later married.Wise was born on 15 May 1966 in Newcastle upon Tyne to architect parents Douglass Wise and Yvonne Jeannine Czeiler. He was educated at the independent St Peter's School, York. He went to Heriot-Watt University in Edinburgh to study architecture and performed at Bedlam Theatre. Wise studied drama at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama.[citation needed]
<Buck_Taylor>	Buck Taylor (born May 13, 1938) is an American actor and artist, best known for his role as gunsmith-turned-deputy Newly O'Brian in the CBS television series Gunsmoke. He is the son of Florence Gertrude Heffernan and character actor Dub Taylor. Taylor graduated from North Hollywood High School, where he became a talented gymnast. Actor Guinn "Big Boy" Williams sponsored him to go to the U.S. Olympic Trials as a gymnast, but he failed to qualify for the 1960 Summer Olympics. He served two years in the United States Navy.His first important acting role was as Trooper Shattuck in the 1961 Dick Powell's Zane Grey Theatre episode "Image of a Drawn Sword". His other early roles were in a 1964 episode of The Outer Limits entitled "Don’t Open Till Doomsday", and as John Bradford (Brad) in four episodes of the 1966 ABC Western series The Monroes.From 1967 to 1975, Taylor played Newly O'Brian in the television series Gunsmoke. He replaced deputy marshal Roger Ewing after he had left the show. The character came to Dodge City as a gunsmith, and later became a deputy marshal. He reprised his role in the 1987 television movie Gunsmoke: Return to Dodge, where he played the city's marshal.
<Catalonia_national_football_team>	The Catalonia national football team (Catalan: Selecció de futbol de Catalunya) is the official football team of Catalonia. It is organised by the Catalan Football Federation, founded in 1900. The team has been referred to by various names including Selecció Catalana, Selecció de Barcelona and the Catalan XI.As the Catalan Federation is affiliated with the  Royal Spanish Football Federation as one of the several Spanish regional football federations, Catalonia cannot be affiliated with either FIFA or UEFA as a national member association and is therefore not allowed to participate in official competitions for national teams such as the FIFA World Cup or the UEFA European Championship. Other than in certain cases where other nationalities are involved, Catalan players are full Spanish citizens who are eligible to play for Spain, and often do.Since 1904, the team has played nearly 200 games against various national, regional and club teams. International friendly games have been played more regularly since 1997. Among the teams they have played are Nigeria, Brazil, and Argentina.
<Hypo_Alpe_Adria_Bank>	Heta Asset Resolution A.G. is a "bad bank" that was the residual asset of the original Hypo Alpe-Adria-Bank International A.G., which was dismantled in 2014. It was owned by the Government of Austria.The bad bank contained the leasing subsidiary of former Hypo Alpe-Adria-Bank Group in Austria, Italy, Bulgaria, Serbia, Montenegro and North Macedonia but not in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia and Slovenia, which were transferred to the "good bank".In the past Hypo Alpe-Adria-Bank International was also active in Austria, Germany, Italy, Bulgaria, Hungary and Ukraine. However, due to the European debt crisis, the group was split into HBI-Bundesholding AG (consisting of the subsidiary Hypo Alpe-Adria-Bank S.p.A.; Italy), the Balkan banks (Hypo Group Alpe Adria AG; now Addiko Bank) and a bad bank, Heta Asset Resolution AG (ex-Hypo Alpe-Adria-Bank International AG) in 2014. The leasing subsidiaries of the former Hypo Alpe-Adria-Bank International in Italy, Bulgaria, Serbia, Montenegro and North Macedonia were retained in the bad bank. The Austrian branches were sold in 2013 (now Austrian Anadi Bank).
<Virgil_Goode>	Virgil Hamlin Goode Jr. (born October 17, 1946) is an American politician who served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from 5th congressional district of Virginia between 1997 and 2009. He was initially a Democrat, but became an independent in 2000 and switched to the Republican Party in 2002. He was narrowly defeated in 2008 by Democrat Tom Perriello.In 2012, he was the presidential nominee of the Constitution Party, receiving 122,388 votes or 0.09% of the total.
<Alla_Pugacheva>	Alla Borisovna Pugacheva (born 15 April 1949), is а Soviet and Russian musical performer. Her career started in 1965 and continues to this day, even though she has retired from performing. For her "clear mezzo-soprano and a full display of sincere emotions", she enjoys an iconic status across the former Soviet Union as the most successful Soviet performer in terms of record sales and popularity.Pugacheva's repertoire includes over 500 songs in Russian, English, German, French, Kazakh, Hebrew, Finnish, Ukrainian, and her discography has more than 100 records, CDs and DVDs. In addition to Russia and the former Soviet Union, Pugacheva's albums were released in Japan, Korea, Sweden, Finland, Germany, Poland, Czechoslovakia and Bulgaria. In total, Pugacheva has sold more than 250 million records.
<Datang_Telecom_Technology>	Datang Telecom Technology Co., Ltd., known as Datang Telecom or DTT, is a Chinese listed company based in Beijing, China. It is a subsidiary of state-owned "China Academy of Telecommunications Technology" (CATT), which had a trading name Datang Telecom Group.In 1998 "China Academy of Telecommunications Technology" had transformed from a research institute to both research institute and holding company, by incorporating a subsidiary Datang Telecom Technology (DTT) on 21 September 1998 under the Companies Law of China. On 21 October 1998 DTT became a public company in the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The research institute also had a new trading name Datang Telecom Group.In 2012 Datang Telecom Technology acquired 75.88% stake of Leadcore Technology from the parent entity.
<Mike_Newell_(footballer)>	Michael Colin Newell (born 27 January 1965) is an English football manager and former professional footballer.Newell represented 13 different clubs in his career, playing a total of 530 league games and scoring 120 goals. He was a member of the Blackburn Rovers team which won the Premier League in 1995, and in a game against Rosenborg in the 1995–96 season, Newell scored (what was at the time) the fastest-ever hat-trick in the UEFA Champions League, netting his three goals in a spell of only nine minutes. Newell also played for Crewe Alexandra, Wigan Athletic, Luton Town, Leicester City, Everton, Birmingham City, West Ham United, Bradford City, Aberdeen, Doncaster Rovers and Blackpool between the years of 1982 and 2001. Newell totalled £3,585,000 in transfer fees over the duration of his career. As a manager, he has had spells with Hartlepool United, Luton Town and Grimsby Town.
<Nationalist_People's_Coalition>	The Nationalist People's Coalition (NPC) is a conservative political party in the Philippines, founded in 1992 by then-presidential candidate Eduardo Cojuangco Jr.The Party was founded in 1992 after some members of the Nacionalista Party led by then Rizal Governor Isidro Rodriguez bolted from the party after some disagreements with party leader and then-Vice President Salvador Laurel in preparation for the 1992 presidential elections.  Members of the civil society including the business sector who called themselves "Friends of Danding" invited business tycoon Eduardo "Danding" Cojuangco, a former associate of the long-term authoritarian president Ferdinand Marcos, to run as president and Senator Joseph Estrada as vice president. Cojuangco lost the presidential race, finishing third while Estrada won the Vice Presidency by a landslide.
<Roger_D._Kornberg>	Roger David Kornberg (born April 24, 1947) is an American biochemist and professor of structural biology at Stanford University School of Medicine. Kornberg was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 2006 for his studies of the process by which genetic information from DNA is copied to RNA, "the molecular basis of eukaryotic transcription."Kornberg was born in St. Louis, Missouri, the eldest son of biochemist Arthur Kornberg, who won the Nobel Prize, and Sylvy Ruth (Levy) who was also a biochemist. He  earned his bachelor's degree in chemistry from Harvard University in 1967 and his Ph.D. in chemical physics from Stanford in 1972 supervised by Harden M. McConnell.Kornberg became a postdoctoral research fellow at the Laboratory of Molecular Biology in Cambridge, England and then an Assistant Professor of Biological Chemistry at Harvard Medical School in 1976, before moving to his present position as Professor of Structural Biology at Stanford Medical School in 1978.Since 2004, Kornberg has been the editor of the Annual Review of Biochemistry.
<Mary_Hemingway_Rees>	Mary Hemingway Rees (10 September 1887 – 4 October 1954), born Mary Isobel Hemingway, was an English psychiatrist.Mary Isobel Hemingway was born in Melton Mowbray. She was the daughter of Charles Robert Hemingway, CBE, JP, a railway contractor.
<James_Carson_Gardner>	James Carson Gardner (born April 8, 1933) is an American businessman and politician who served as a U.S. Representative (1967–1969) and as the 30th Lieutenant Governor of North Carolina (1989–1993).Gardner was born in  Rocky Mount, North Carolina. He went to the public schools and North Carolina State University. Gardner served in the United States Army from 1953 to 1955.In May 1961, Gardner, along with Joseph Leonard Rawls, Jr., opened the first franchise store of the fast food restaurant Hardee's in Rocky Mount, North Carolina. Later, in 1969, he bought the troubled Houston Mavericks of the American Basketball Association and moved them to North Carolina a year later as the Carolina Cougars.
<1Q84>	1Q84 (いちきゅうはちよん, Ichi-Kyū-Hachi-Yon, stylized in the Japanese cover as "ichi-kew-hachi-yon") is a novel written by Japanese writer Haruki Murakami, first published in three volumes in Japan in 2009–10. It covers a fictionalized year of 1984 in parallel with a "real" one. The novel is a story of how a woman named Aomame begins to notice strange changes occurring in the world. She is quickly caught up in a plot involving Sakigake, a religious cult, and her childhood love, Tengo, and embarks on a journey to discover what is "real".The novel's first printing sold out on the day it was released and sales reached a million within a month. The English-language edition of all three volumes, with the first two volumes translated by Jay Rubin and the third by Philip Gabriel, was released in North America and the United Kingdom on October 25, 2011. An excerpt from the novel appeared in the September 5, 2011 issue of The New Yorker magazine as "Town of Cats". The first chapter of 1Q84 had also been read as an excerpt in the Selected Shorts series at Symphony Space in New York.
<FSN_Chicago>	Fox Sports Net Chicago (often branded as FSN Chicago) was an American regional sports network that was headquartered in Chicago, Illinois and was owned by Cablevision for most of its history (from 1987 to 2005). News Corporation acquired a minority ownership interest in the network in 1997, which Cablevision bought out in 2005. The network was affiliated with SportsChannel from 1987 to 1997, when it became an affiliate of Fox Sports Net.The network carried games from most of the Chicago area's major league sports teams including the Chicago Cubs and Chicago White Sox Major League Baseball franchises; the NHL's Chicago Blackhawks; the NBA's Chicago Bulls; the Chicago Fire of Major League Soccer; and the Arena Football League's Chicago Rush. The network also aired local and national collegiate sports, including teams sourced from its sister network Fox Sports Detroit.SportsChannel Chicago was first launched in 1981 when Cablevision obtained rights to 81 Chicago White Sox homes games for the 1981 season. Shortly after another deal was made to carry sporting events from Notre Dame both on SportsChannel Chicago and New York.
<Peter_Thiel>	Peter Andreas Thiel (/tiːl/; born 11 October 1967) is a German-American billionaire entrepreneur, venture capitalist, and political activist. A co-founder of PayPal, Palantir Technologies, and Founders Fund, he was the first outside investor in Facebook. As of May 2022[update], Thiel had an estimated net worth of $7.19 billion and was ranked 297th on the Bloomberg Billionaires Index.He worked as a securities lawyer at Sullivan & Cromwell, as a speechwriter for former U.S. Secretary of Education William Bennett and as a derivatives trader at Credit Suisse. He founded Thiel Capital Management in 1996. He co-founded PayPal with  Max Levchin and Luke Nosek in 1998, serving as chief executive officer until its sale to eBay in 2002 for $1.5 billion.
<Eduard_Sergienko>	Eduard Sergienko (Ukrainian: Едуард Володимирович Сергієнко; born 18 February 1983) is a Ukrainian-born Kazakhstani football midfielder. He has been capped for the Kazakhstan national football team 19 times.In January 2016, Sergienko signed for FC Akzhayik.
<Tomislav_Bušić>	Tomislav Bušić (born 2 February 1986) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a forward.He also formerly played for Slaven Belupo and Hajduk Split with whom he won the Croatian League in 2005. In the summer of 2007, Bušić was loaned to Dynamo Kyiv for a one-year period but was back to his native club within six months. In June 2009 he was released by Hajduk Split after playing for the club for 5 years, and signed a three-year contract with Maccabi Petah Tikva F.C., playing in the Israeli premier league, in July 2009. After a season there, however, he returned to Croatia, signing with Slaven Belupo.
<Cardiff_Athletic_Club>	Coordinates: 51°28′46″N 3°10′56″W﻿ / ﻿51.4795°N 3.1821°W﻿ / 51.4795; -3.1821Cardiff Athletic Club (CAC) is a multi-sport club based in Cardiff, Wales. It is the owner of the Cardiff Arms Park site, however, it is also a major shareholder of Cardiff Rugby Football Club Ltd and therefore has a large influence over the rugby club's two sides.
<Shotokan>	Shotokan (松濤館, Shōtōkan) is a style of karate, developed from various martial arts by Gichin Funakoshi (1868–1957) and his son Gigo (Yoshitaka) Funakoshi (1906–1945). Gichin Funakoshi was born in Okinawa and is widely credited with popularizing "karate do" through a series of public demonstrations, and by promoting the development of university karate clubs, including those at Keio, Waseda, Hitotsubashi (Shodai), Takushoku, Chuo, Gakushuin, and Hosei.Funakoshi had many students at the university clubs and outside dojos, who continued to teach karate after his death in 1957. However, internal disagreements (in particular the notion that competition is contrary to the essence of karate) led to the creation of different organisations—including an initial split between the Japan Karate Association (headed by Masatoshi Nakayama) and the Shotokai (headed by Motonobu Hironishi and Shigeru Egami), followed by many others—so that today there is no single "Shotokan school", although they all bear Funakoshi's influence.
<Hollyoaks>	Hollyoaks is a British soap opera which began airing on Channel 4 on 23 October 1995. It was created by Phil Redmond, who had previously conceived the soap opera Brookside. Since 2005, episodes have been aired on sister channel E4 a day prior to their broadcast on Channel 4.At its inception, the soap was targeted towards an adolescent and young adult audience but has since broadened its appeal to all age groups. Hollyoaks has covered various taboo subjects rarely seen on British television, for which it has received numerous awards. It has won the award for Best British Soap twice, in 2014 and 2019; its first win broke the 15-year tie between rival soap operas EastEnders and Coronation Street. Beginning with a cast of 15 characters, it now has upwards of 50 regular cast members. The longest-serving actor is Nick Pickard, who has portrayed Tony Hutchinson since the first episode.
<Albert_Watson_(South_Carolina)>	Albert William Watson (August 30, 1922 – September 25, 1994) was a Democrat-turned-Republican state and U.S. representative from South Carolina. He is best known for his losing 1970 campaign for governor, which has been described as the last high-profile, openly segregationist campaign.Albert William Watson was born in 1922 to Claude Watson, Sr. and his wife in Sumter in central South Carolina. His family moved and he was reared near the state capital of Columbia in Lexington County, where he attended public schools. He subsequently enrolled at the former North Greenville Junior College in Greenville, South Carolina. During World War II, Watson served as a weather specialist in the United States Army Air Forces.In 1950, he graduated from the University of South Carolina School of Law and thereafter opened his legal practice in Columbia. In 1954, he was elected from Richland County to the South Carolina House of Representatives, which he served from 1955 to 1959 and again from 1961 to 1963.
<Spain_national_under-19_football_team>	The Spain national under-19 football team represents Spain in international football at this age level and is controlled by Royal Spanish Football Federation, the governing body for football in Spain. It is the most successful U-19 national team in Europe with eight continental titles.*Denotes draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.Spain's U-19 players have won individual awards at UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship tournaments.
<Doordarshan>	Doordarshan (abbreviated as DD; Hindi: Dūrdarśan, lit. 'distant vision, television') is an Indian public service broadcaster founded by the Government of India, owned by the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting and one of Prasar Bharati's two divisions. One of India's largest broadcasting organisations in studio and transmitter infrastructure, it was established on 15 September 1959. Doordarshan, which also broadcasts on digital terrestrial transmitters, provides television, radio, online and mobile service throughout metropolitan and regional India and overseas.The channel began modestly as an experimental broadcaster in Delhi on 15 September 1959, with a small transmitter and a makeshift studio. Regular daily transmission started in 1965 as part of All India Radio, with a five-minute news bulletin read by Pratima Puri. Salma Sultan joined Doordarshan in 1967, and became a news anchor.
<William_Moore_(actor)>	William Aaron Moore (19 April 1916 – 24 April 2000) was an English character actor. He was best known for his role as long-suffering Sydney Lumsden in the popular 1980s comedy series Sorry! (in which he became known for the catchphrase "Language, Timothy!"). He also appeared in numerous other television programmes, including Coronation Street as Cyril Turpin, Betty Turpin’s husband from 1969–1970. The character put in two more appearances in 1972, then died off-screen in 1974.Moore was married to actress Mollie Sugden from 29 March 1958 until his death. Their twin sons, Robin and Simon, were born in October 1963.[citation needed] Moore starred with Sugden in My Husband and I.Moore died on 24 April 2000 in London, five days after his 84th birthday.
<Oh_My_God_(2009_film)>	Oh My God (later retitled God: The Almighty Question) is a 2009 documentary film by commercial director Peter Rodger. The filmmaker asked people across the world the question "What is God?" Notable figures interviewed include Ringo Starr, Hugh Jackman, David Copperfield, Seal, Bob Geldof, Baz Luhrmann, Jack Thompson, Princess Michael of Kent and Lawrence Blair.The film contains production credit from Rodger's future wife, Soumaya Akaaboune, as well as a special thanks credit to Rodger's son, Elliot.The film is mentioned in the manifesto of Elliot Rodger, the perpetrator of the 2014 Isla Vista killings, and son of the film's director on how his father said he would become rich from the film, but only sent him into bankruptcy.
<Never_Let_Me_Go_(novel)>	Never Let Me Go is a 2005 dystopian science fiction novel by the British author Kazuo Ishiguro. It was shortlisted for the 2005 Man Booker Prize (an award Ishiguro had previously won in 1989 for The Remains of the Day), for the 2006 Arthur C. Clarke Award and for the 2005 National Book Critics Circle Award. Time magazine named it the best novel of 2005 and included the novel in its "100 Best English-language novels published since 1923—the beginning of TIME". It also received an ALA Alex Award in 2006. A film adaptation directed by Mark Romanek was released in 2010; a Japanese television drama aired in 2016.Never Let Me Go, Ishiguro’s sixth novel, takes place in an alternate reality of England during the 1990s in which human cloning is authorized and performed. Ishiguro started writing Never Let Me Go in 1990. It was originally titled “The Student’s Novel.”
<Pierre_Sudreau>	Pierre Sudreau (13 May 1919 – 22 January 2012) was a French politician. His childhood correspondence with Antoine de Saint-Exupéry (1900–1944) helped inspire the title character of the 1943 novel The Little Prince.Sudreau was born in Paris, the son of businessman Jean Sudreau and Marie-Marguerite (née Boyer) Sudreau.
<Louis_D._Astorino>	Louis D. Astorino (born 1948) is an architect in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and the first American architect to design a building in the Vatican.Astorino was born in Pittsburgh to a family of mixed Italian and Serbian origin. His Serbian cousins influenced Astorino's upbringing and career choice. He received a bachelor's degree from Penn State College of Arts and Architecture in 1969. In 1972, he started his own firm, L. D. Astorino & Associates. It was later named Astorino.Astorino was introduced to the international stage in 1996 when Gateway Clipper Fleet founder John E. Connelly introduced him as a prospective architect for the Domus Sanctae Marthae that Pope John Paul II wanted to build to house cardinals during the selection of popes. Connelly was offering to finance the project. Astorino's design was rejected but he was kept on as supervisory architect. He later designed the adjoining Chapel of the Holy Spirit. Astorino's firm designed the new Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh, completed in 2009 at a cost of $622 million.
<Ian_Callum>	Ian Stuart Callum CBE FRSE (born 30 July 1954) is a Scottish car designer who has worked for Ford, TWR, and Aston Martin. In 1999 he became the Director of Design for Jaguar Cars, later Jaguar Land Rover, a position he held until mid 2019. In 2019, Callum founded his own eponymously named automotive and product design company, Callum.
<United_Party_(New_Zealand)>	The United Party of New Zealand, a party formed out of the remnants of the Liberal Party, formed a government between 1928 and 1935, and in 1936 merged with the Reform Party to establish the National Party.In the 1920s the Liberal Party, although previously dominant in New Zealand party politics, seemed in serious long-term decline following the advent of the Labour Party, and its organisation had decayed to the point of collapse. The United Party represented an unexpected resurgence of the Liberals, and some historians consider it nothing more than the Liberal Party under a new name.
<Ryan_Piers_Williams>	Ryan Piers Williams (born May 13, 1981) is an American actor, director, and writer.Williams was raised in El Paso, Texas, where he attended J. M. Hanks High School. From age 13 he wanted to be a director and took theater and video production classes in both middle school and high school. He went to study film at the University of Texas at Austin for 2 1/2 years before transferring as a junior to the University of Southern California and eventually being accepted into its School of Cinematic Arts.
<Andrew_Taylor_(painter)>	Andrew Taylor (born 1 January 1967) is an Australian painter and printmaker.Taylor was born in Melbourne, Victoria, where he studied at the Victorian College of the Arts from 1985 to 1987, and graduated with a BFA. Some of his works belong to the collections of the Artbank, of the National Gallery of Victoria, of the Shepparton Art Gallery, and to "The Telstra Collection" of the Australian National University. Further works belong to private collections in Australia, in the United States and in France. Taylor has been married to Rachel Griffiths since 2002, with three children.
<University_of_Western_Australia>	The University of Western Australia (UWA) is a public research university in the Australian state of Western Australia. The university's main campus is in Perth, the state capital, with a secondary campus in Albany and various other facilities elsewhere.UWA was established in 1911 by an act of the Parliament of Western Australia and began teaching students two years later. It is the sixth-oldest university in Australia and was Western Australia's only university until the establishment of Murdoch University in 1973. Because of its age and reputation, UWA is classed one of the "sandstone universities", an informal designation given to the oldest university in each state. The university also belongs to several more formal groupings, including the Group of Eight and the Matariki Network of Universities. In recent years, UWA has generally been ranked either in the bottom half or just outside the world's top 100 universities, depending on the system used.Another defining characteristic of UWA is that it has retained its Convocation as an integral part of its governance structure. All graduates of UWA are automatically life-long members of the University through Convocation which grants them the right to attend the Annual General Meetings, to elect two members of the UWA Senate and to review any changes to University legislation. Graduates of UWA include one Prime Minister of Australia (Bob Hawke), five Justices of the High Court of Australia (including one Chief Justice, Robert French, now Chancellor), one Governor of the Reserve Bank (H. C. Coombs), various federal cabinet ministers, and seven of Western Australia's eight most recent premiers. In 2018 alumnus mathematician Akshay Venkatesh was a recipient of the Fields Medal. As of 2021, the university had produced 106 Rhodes Scholars. Two members of the UWA faculty, Barry Marshall and Robin Warren won Nobel Prizes as a result of research at the university.The university was established in 1911 following the tabling of proposals by a royal commission in September 1910. The original campus, which received its first students in March 1913, was located on Irwin Street in the centre of Perth, and consisted of several buildings situated between Hay Street and St Georges Terrace. Irwin Street was also known as "Tin Pan Alley" as many buildings featured corrugated iron roofs. These buildings served as the university campus until 1932, when the campus relocated to its present-day site in Crawley.
<Elar_Char_Adhyay>	Elar Char Adhyay is a 2012 Bengali film. The film is directed by Bappaditya Bandopadhyay, produced by Dreamz Movies and Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. and based on Rabindranath Tagore's 1934 novel Char Adhyay.The film is set in India under British Raj in 1940s. Indranath is a leader of a group which is fighting for Indian independence. Ela is the teacher of the group. Ela is caught in a dilemma between her love for Atindra and her commitment towards her country.
<Shitō-ryū>	Shitō-ryū (糸東流) is a form of karate that was founded in 1934 by Kenwa Mabuni (摩文仁 賢和, Mabuni Kenwa). Shitō-ryū is synthesis of the Okinawan Shuri-te and Naha-te schools of karate and today is considered one of the four main styles of the art.Kenwa Mabuni (Mabuni Kenwa 摩文仁 賢和) was born in Shuri, Okinawa in 1889. Mabuni was a 17th generation descendant of the warrior Uni Ufugusuku Kenyu. He began his instruction in his home town in the art of Shuri-te (首里手) at the age of 13, under the tutelage of Ankō Itosu (糸州 安恒, Itosu Ankō) (1831–1915). He trained diligently for several years, learning many kata. It was Itosu who first developed the Pinan kata, which were possibly derived from the Kusanku form.One of his close friends, Chōjun Miyagi (宮城 長順, Miyagi Chōjun) (founder of Gojū-ryū Karate) introduced Mabuni to another great of that period, Kanryō Higaonna (東恩納 寛量, Higaonna Kanryō). Mabuni began to learn Naha-te (那覇手) under him. While both Itosu and Higaonna taught a "hard-soft" style of Okinawan "Te", their methods and emphases were quite distinct: the Itosu syllabus included straight and powerful techniques as exemplified in the Naihanchi and Bassai kata; the Higaonna syllabus stressed circular motion and shorter fighting methods as seen in the kata Seipai and Kururunfa.[citation needed] Shitō-ryū focuses on both hard and soft techniques to this day.[citation needed]
<La_Visa_Loca>	La Visa Loca is a 2005 Filipino comedy-drama film directed by Mark Meily, produced by Sharon Cuneta, and starring Robin Padilla, Rufa Mae Quinto and Johnny Delgado. The plot concerns a taxi driver who dreams of going to the United States.Jess Huson (Robin Padilla) is a Filipino taxi driver who dreamed of obtaining a visa to be able to go to the United States. Jess meets his ex-girlfriend (Rufa Mae Quinto) and her young son Jason (Kurt Perez) who might actually be his. However, his visa application was denied. Jess's aging but randy diabetic father (Johnny Delgado) spends his days watching TV. One day, the famous TV host Nigel Adams came to the Philippines and Jess becomes his guide. He learns Nigel's brother was the one who operated one of the biggest nursing aid agencies in the US East Coast.The name of the film is a reference to one of Ricky Martin's famous songs, "Livin' la Vida Loca".[citation needed]
<Alfred_Robens,_Baron_Robens_of_Woldingham>	Alfred Robens, Baron Robens of Woldingham, PC (18 December 1910 – 27 June 1999) was an English trade unionist, Labour politician and industrialist. His political ambitions, including an aspiration to become Prime Minister, were frustrated by bad timing, but his energies were diverted into industry: he spent 10 years as Chairman of the National Coal Board, and later – despite the Aberfan disaster – headed a major inquiry which resulted in the Robens Report on occupational health and safety. His outlook was paternalistic; in later life, he moved away from his early socialism towards the Conservative Party. His reputation remains irredeemably tarnished by his failure to have foreseen and prevented the Aberfan disaster, followed by actions widely regarded as grossly insensitive during the aftermath of the disaster.Robens was born in Chorlton-on-Medlock, Manchester, the son of George Robens, a cotton salesman, and Edith Robens (née Anderton). He left school aged 15 to work as an errand boy, but his career truly began when he joined the Manchester and Salford Co-operative Society as a clerk; he became a director when he was 22, one of the first worker-directors in the country. He was an official in the Union of Distributive and Allied Workers from 1935 to 1945; certified medically unfit for military service in the Second World War, he was a Manchester City Councillor from 1941 to 1945. He married Eva Powell on 9 September 1936; the couple adopted a son, Alfred (born 1935).
<Vladimir_Nabokov>	Vladimir Vladimirovich Nabokov (Russian: Владимир Владимирович Набоков [vlɐˈdʲimʲɪr vlɐˈdʲimʲɪrəvʲɪtɕ nɐˈbokəf] (listen); 22 April [O.S. 10 April] 1899 – 2 July 1977), also known by the pen name Vladimir Sirin (Владимир Сирин), was a Russian-American novelist, poet, translator, and entomologist. Born in Imperial Russia in 1899, Nabokov wrote his first nine novels in Russian (1926–1938) while living in Berlin, where he met his wife. He achieved international acclaim and prominence after moving to the United States, where he began writing in English. Nabokov became an American citizen in 1945 and lived mostly on the East Coast before returning to Europe in 1961, where he settled in Montreux, Switzerland.From 1948 to 1959, Nabokov was a professor of Russian literature at Cornell University.
<Israel_national_under-19_football_team>	Israel's national under-19 football team (Hebrew: נבחרת הנוער של ישראל בכדורגל עד גיל 19), also known as Israel Under-19s or Israel U19s, is regarded as the feeder team for the Israel national under-21 football team.This team is for Israeli players aged 19 (or under at the start of a two-year UEFA European Under-19 Championship campaign) so players may be up to 20 years old.  Also in existence are teams for Under-21s and Under-20s (for non-UEFA tournaments), Under-17s, and Under-16s.  Players are not level or nation static so can compete at any level as long as they are eligible; U19s do not relinquish level or nation association while competing and can compete on senior side, then back to U19s, and "youth level' or senior level with another country.
<Jón_Gunnar_Árnason>	Jón Gunnar Árnason (1931 – 1989 in Reykjavík)  was an Icelandic sculptor. After studying at the University of Iceland Reykjavík Arts and Crafts from 1944 to 1946 and the School of Visual Arts, he graduated as an engineer from the Technical University of Reykjavik in 1952. From 1965 to 1967 he continued his studies of the fine arts at the Hornsey College of Art in London.His sculpture Sólfar (Icelandic: Sun Voyager) is a landmark on the seafront in Reykjavík. His works have been exhibited in galleries in Iceland, Norway, the Netherlands and Germany. He was a member of the Icelandic Sculptors Society which he established in Reykjavík in 1972 along with Hallsteinn Sigurðsson, Ragnar Kjartansson, Þorbjörg Pálsdóttir and others.
<John_Bardon>	John Bardon (born John Michael Jones, 25 August 1939 – 12 September 2014) was an English stage and screen actor. He was awarded the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor in a Musical in 1988 (1987 season) for Kiss Me, Kate, sharing the award with co-star Emil Wolk. He was best known for playing the patriarch of the Branning family, Jim Branning, in the BBC soap opera, EastEnders, for 13 years from 1996 to 2011.John Michael Jones was born in Brentford, Middlesex; his father was a shipping clerk who formerly ran a building business. "Bardon" was his grandmother's maiden name. His early acting experience was with a group called The Taverners, who played in pubs. He then appeared in productions by the Civil Service drama group, which toured theatres in Germany and Austria.
<Frédéric_Piquionne>	Frédéric Michel Piquionne (born 8 December 1978) is a Martiniquais former professional footballer who played as a forward.Piquionne's former clubs are Golden Star of Martinique, Nîmes, Rennes, Saint-Étienne, Monaco, Lyon, Portsmouth, West Ham United, Doncaster Rovers, Portland Timbers and Mumbai City.
<Télémagino>	Télémagino is a Canadian French-language specialty channel owned by WildBrain. Launched on 5 July 2010, as a sister to an equivalent English-language service, it airs children programming for ages 2–11. Not only is it a French version of Family Jr., but it also doubles as a French version of  Family Channel. The channel previously operated under Disney–ABC Television Group's preschool television brands, including Playhouse Disney and Disney Junior, but was rebranded on 18 September 2015, following the acquisition of Canadian rights to Disney's children's brands and programming by Corus Entertainment.Along with its English-language parent channel Family Channel and Family Jr., it is available in over four million Canadian households as of 2013.
<Andrew_Huxley>	Sir Andrew Fielding Huxley OM PRS (22 November 1917 – 30 May 2012) was an English physiologist and biophysicist. He was born into the prominent Huxley family. After leaving Westminster School in central London, he went to Trinity College, Cambridge on a scholarship, after which he joined Alan Lloyd Hodgkin to study nerve impulses. Their eventual discovery of the basis for propagation of nerve impulses (called an action potential) earned them the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1963. They made their discovery from the giant axon of the Atlantic squid. Soon after the outbreak of the Second World War, Huxley was recruited by the British Anti-Aircraft Command and later transferred to the Admiralty. After the war he resumed research at the University of Cambridge, where he developed interference microscopy that would be suitable for studying muscle fibres.In 1952, he was joined by a German physiologist Rolf Niedergerke. Together they discovered in 1954 the mechanism of muscle contraction, popularly called the "sliding filament theory", which is the foundation of our modern understanding of muscle mechanics. In 1960 he became head of the Department of Physiology at University College London. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1955, and President in 1980. The Royal Society awarded him the Copley Medal in 1973 for his collective contributions to the understanding of nerve impulses and muscle contraction. He was conferred a Knight Bachelor by the Queen in 1974, and was appointed to the Order of Merit in 1983. He was a fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge, until his death.
<Cassella>	Cassella AG, formerly Leopold Cassella & Co. and Cassella Farbwerke Mainkur AG, commonly known as Cassella, was a German chemical and pharmaceutical company with headquarters in Frankfurt am Main. Founded in 1798 in the Frankfurt Jewish Alley by Leopold Cassella, Cassella operated as an independent company until 1995 and was one of many predecessor companies of today's Sanofi. Its main products were dyes, drugs, cosmetics and various other chemical products. From 1949 Cassella focused increasingly on pharmaceuticals and cosmetics rather than its former primary focus, dyes. Much of its history is closely associated with the Gans family, a prominent family of industrialists and philanthropists and former owners of Cassella.The company was founded as a spice store inside the Frankfurt Jewish Alley in 1798 by the Jewish businessman Leopold Cassella and his brother-in-law Isaac Elias Reiss, and was originally named Cassel & Reiss. In its early years, the company focused on importing luxury goods from India, China and South America, and Cassel and  Reiss also founded a sugar refinery in 1812.Himself childless, Cassella accepted Ludwig Aaron Gans as a partner in 1828, and the company became known as Leopold Cassella & Co. Gans was married to Cassella's niece, and the Gans family rose to great prominence as industrialists and philanthropists in Frankfurt in the following century. The family converted from Judaism to Protestantism in the late 19th century and several family members were ennobled. In the 19th century, Cassella primarily traded with dye. In 1870, Friedrich and Leo Gans founded a dye factory at Mainkur in Fechenheim with their brother-in-law Bernhard Weinberg and the chemist August Leonhardt, called Frankfurter Anilinfarbenfabrik von Gans und Leonhardt. In 1894 the dye factory was merged with the Leopold Cassella & Co. dye wholesale company.
<John_Thomson_(Australian_politician)>	John Thomson (1862 – 14 July 1934) was an Australian politician. He was a Progressive Party member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1901 to 1904, representing the Manning electorate. He was then a member of the Australian House of Representatives from 1906 to 1919, representing Cowper for the Protectionist Party and its successors the Commonwealth Liberal Party and Nationalist Party.Thomson was born at Woolla (now Kolodong), near Taree, where his father was the local teacher. He was educated at Taree before entering his family's Taree general store business, taking over as manager following the death of his father in 1884. He was an alderman of the Municipality of Taree and its mayor from 1896 to 1901, president of the Manning River Agricultural & Horticultural Society and president of the Manning River District Hospital board.
<Frank_Stack>	Frank Huntington Stack (born October 31, 1937 in Houston, Texas) is an American underground cartoonist and fine artist. Working under the name Foolbert Sturgeon to avoid persecution for his work while living in the Bible Belt, Stack published what is considered by many to be the first underground comic, The Adventures of Jesus, in 1964.Stack's main artistic influences were Gustave Doré, Roy Crane, and V. T. Hamlin. He is widely known as a printmaker, specializing in etchings and lithographs, and his sketchy comics style evokes Stack's background as an etcher. (His technique of creating etchings on-site was featured in American Artist magazine.)[citation needed] His oil paintings and watercolors mostly feature landscape and figure compositions. He lives in Columbia, Missouri where he was a longtime professor at the University of Missouri.Stack graduated from the University of Texas at Austin with a BFA in 1959. He received his M.A. at the University of Wyoming, and also studied at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago and the Académie de la Grande Chaumière of Paris.
<Ouida_Bergère>	Ouida Bergère (born Eunie Branch; December 14, 1886 – November 29, 1974) was an American screenwriter and actress.Eunie Branch was born in Madrid, Spain, the daughter of Stephen W. and Ida Branch, both natives of Tennessee. Her early years were spent in Madrid, Paris and England. She came to the U.S. at eight years of age. Her father was a merchant who later worked as a railroad timekeeper. By the time of the taking of the 1900 Federal Census she was living with her brother's family in Searcy, Arkansas as Eunie Branch.A decade later she is listed in the census with her parents in Little Rock, Arkansas as Eula Burgess. Her marital status then was recorded as divorced and occupation, actress. In January of that year she appeared as Ouida Bergère playing the stenographer in the play Via Wireless and was one of few cast members to receive positive reviews in the production.
<Demerson>	Demerson Bruno Costa (born 16 March 1986), simply known as Demerson, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a central defender. In 2011, while playing for Coritiba Foot Ball Club, Demerson won the Most Uninterrupted Winning Matches of the World award on Guinness World Records 2013 Edition. Demerson is also remembered for being part of the Associação Chapecoense de Futebol in 2016, the team that suffered the most tragic air crash in FootBall History LaMia Flight 2933. Despite being part of the squad Demerson did not board the flight for the 2016 Copa Sudamericana final. Demerson's current club is Sarawak United in the Malaysian Premier League.After representing hometown clubs Atlético Mineiro and América Mineiro as a youth, Demerson made his senior debut with Corinthians Alagoano in 2004. After a loan stint at Luziânia and a short spell at Itaúna, he signed for Série A club Cruzeiro in 2008.Demerson being loaned out to Goytacaz and Cabofriense. On 19 May 2009 he signed for Coritiba.
<Richard_Brooks>	Richard Brooks (May 18, 1912 – March 11, 1992) was an American screenwriter, film director, novelist and film producer. Nominated for eight Oscars in his career, he was best known for Blackboard Jungle (1955), Cat on a Hot Tin Roof (1958), Elmer Gantry (1960; for which he won the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay), In Cold Blood (1967) and Looking for Mr. Goodbar (1977).Brooks was born as Reuben Sax to Hyman and Esther Sax, Russian Jewish immigrants. Married teenagers when they immigrated to the United States in 1908, they found employment in Philadelphia's textile and clothing industry. Their only child, Reuben Sax, was born in 1912 in Philadelphia. He attended public schools Joseph Leidy Elementary, Mayer Sulzberger Junior High School  and West Philadelphia High School, graduating from the latter in 1929.
<Siobhan_Dowd>	Siobhan Dowd (4 February 1960 – 21 August 2007) was a British writer and activist. The last book she completed, Bog Child, posthumously won the 2009 Carnegie Medal from the professional librarians, recognising the year's best book for children or young adults published in the UK.Dowd was born in London, to Irish parents. She attended a Roman Catholic grammar school in south London and earned a BA Hons degree in Classics from Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford University and an MA with distinction from Greenwich University in Gender and Ethnic Studies.
<Géza_von_Cziffra>	Géza von Cziffra (Hungarian pronunciation: [ˈɡeːzɒ fon ˈt͡sifrɒ]; 19 December 1900 – 28 April 1989) was a Hungarian and Austrian film director and screenwriter.Cziffra was a Banat German in origin, born in 1900 in Arad in the Banat region, at that date in the Kingdom of Hungary, now in Romania.
<The_Sun_Voyager>	The Sun Voyager (Icelandic: Sólfar [ˈsouːlˌfaːr̥]) is a sculpture by Jón Gunnar Árnason, located next to the Sæbraut road in Reykjavík, Iceland. Sun Voyager is described as a dreamboat, or an ode to the Sun. The artist intended it to convey the promise of undiscovered territory, a dream of hope, progress and freedom.In 1986, the district association of the west part of the city funded a competition for a new outdoor sculpture to commemorate the 200th anniversary of the city of Reykjavík. Jón Gunnar's Sun Voyager won the competition, and the aluminium model (42.5 cm × 88 cm × 36 cm, 16.7 in × 34.6 in × 14.2 in) was presented to the city for enlargement. The full-sized Sun Voyager was eventually unveiled on Sæbraut on the birthday of the city of Reykjavík, August 18, 1990.The work is constructed of quality stainless steel and stands on a circle of granite slabs surrounded by so-called “town-hall concrete”. It was constructed in accordance with Jón Gunnar's enlarged full-scale drawing of Sun Voyager and was overseen by Jón Gunnar's assistant, the artist Kristinn E. Hrafnsson. The engineering of the sculpture was supervised by the technologist, Sigurjón Yngvason, in close cooperation with Jón Gunnar himself, the building itself was carried out by Reynir Hjálmtýsson and his assistant.
<Martin_Ryle>	Sir Martin Ryle FRS (27 September 1918 – 14 October 1984) was an English radio astronomer who developed revolutionary radio telescope systems (see e.g. aperture synthesis) and used them for accurate location and imaging of weak radio sources. In 1946 Ryle and Derek Vonberg were the first people to publish interferometric astronomical measurements at radio wavelengths. With improved equipment, Ryle observed the most distant known galaxies in the universe at that time. He was the first Professor of Radio Astronomy in the University of Cambridge and founding director of the Mullard Radio Astronomy Observatory. He was the twelfth Astronomer Royal from 1972 to 1982. Ryle and Antony Hewish shared the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1974, the first Nobel prize awarded in recognition of astronomical research. In the 1970s, Ryle turned the greater part of his attention from astronomy to social and political issues which he considered to be more urgent.Martin Ryle was born in Brighton, England, the son of Professor John Alfred Ryle and Miriam (née Scully) Ryle. He was the nephew of Oxford University Professor of Philosophy Gilbert Ryle. After studying at Bradfield College, Ryle studied physics at Christ Church, Oxford. In 1939, Ryle worked with the Telecommunications Research Establishment (TRE) on the design of antennas for airborne radar equipment during World War II. After the war, he received a fellowship at the Cavendish Laboratory.
<Henry_Hakewill>	Henry Hakewill (4 October 1771 – 13 March 1830) was an English architect.Henry Hakewell was a pupil of John Yenn, RA, and also studied at the Royal Academy, where in 1790 he was awarded a silver medal for a drawing of an aspect of Somerset House.
<Terror_(1978_film)>	Terror is a 1978 British independent supernatural horror film written by David McGillivray and directed by Norman J. Warren. It stars John Nolan and Carolyn Courage as two cousins who fall victim to a curse that a witch placed on their ancestors.Conceived as a "fun horror film" with a simple premise, Terror was shot in various locations around London and Surrey. Although it was a box office success in the United Kingdom, it has drawn a mixed critical response for its storytelling and visual style, both of which were inspired by the Italian giallo horror film Suspiria (1977). Warren's plans for a sequel remain unrealised.
<Eat_Sleep_Die>	Eat Sleep Die (Swedish: Äta sova dö) is a 2012 Swedish film written and directed by Gabriela Pichler. Set in present-day Sweden, it follows a realistic story about an unemployed young woman named Raša (Nermina Lukac), who struggles to find a new job while simultaneously taking care of her sick father (Milan Dragišić).The film is Pichler's feature debut, and the cast consists primarily of amateurs. The film's main actress Nermina Lukac has received many accolades for her performance.The film has received several awards. At the 48th Guldbagge Awards it received five nominations, including in the category Best Film, which it also won. Gabriela Pichler was awarded two awards for Best Director and Best Screenplay, and Nermina Lukac won the award for Best Actress. The film was also nominated for the 2013 Nordic Council Film Prize. The film was also selected as the Swedish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards, but it was not nominated.
<Adhuna_Akhtar>	Adhuna Bhabani (born 30 March 1967) is an English hair stylist and the co-host of BBLUNT, which airs on TLC.Bhabani was born on 30 March 1967 to Sindhi father Ashish Bhabani and English mother Ann Bhabani. As a child, Bhabani used to regularly visit a salon with her mother, Ann, in the United Kingdom. Her mother was very particular about her hair and there was something about the ambiance of that place which made her want to become a hairdresser. She then enrolled for a training course at Worthington Hair, a salon in Northwest England. Bhabani also participated in, and won, the under-21 national junior hairstyling championship when she was just 17.
<Nassau_Broadcasting_Partners>	Nassau Broadcasting Partners LP was a company based in Princeton, New Jersey that owned radio stations in New England and the Mid-Atlantic United States. Nassau's stations, which included both AM and FM frequencies, were located in Maryland, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania. The company was owned and headed by Louis F. Mercatanti.  Nassau was predominantly an operator of radio stations in medium and small markets.  Nassau formerly owned radio station WCRB in Waltham, a Boston suburb, and located in the Boston market, the 11th largest radio market in the US, according to BIA Financial Network. However that station was sold to WGBH in 2009.  Nassau operated radio stations in substantially all of the major formats.  The company's most common format was classic rock/classic hits. On October 13, 2011 Nassau Broadcasting entered Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection after their senior lenders petitioned for an involuntary Chapter 7 liquidation in September. The stations were auctioned to various bidders in May 2012 subject to bankruptcy judge and FCC approval. Nassau's last station, WPLY in Mount Pocono, Pennsylvania, lost its license in 2014 after having shut down in 2011.Nassau Broadcasting was founded by Herb Hobler with the acquisition of WHWH 1350 in Princeton, New Jersey. That station employed a full-service MOR format. WHWH-FM was eventually launched and became WPST on 97.5 FM by 1975. WPST employed a rock-based Top 40 format. WPST was one of the most successful medium market stations in the country. Until the early 1990s WPST and WHWH were the only stations owned by Nassau.In 1986, Louis F. Mercatanti, a successful New Jersey entrepreneur, acquired Nassau Broadcasting from Hobler.  Mercatanti continued to operate Nassau as a two-station radio group until 1993, when the FCC raised the limits for the number of radio stations that any one company could own in a particular market.
<Metropolitan_Stadium>	Metropolitan Stadium (often referred to as "the Met", "Met Stadium", or now "the Old Met" to distinguish from the Metrodome) was an outdoor sports stadium in the north central United States, located in Bloomington, Minnesota, a suburb of Minneapolis.The Minneapolis Millers minor league baseball team was the original tenant from 1956 to 1960, but Metropolitan Stadium was best known as the home of the American League's Minnesota Twins and the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League (NFL); both played at the "Met" for 21 seasons, from 1961 through 1981. The Minnesota Kicks of the North American Soccer League (NASL) also played there from 1976 to 1981.Southwest of the airport, the stadium site is now the Mall of America, which opened in 1992.
<Order_of_Saint_Stephen_of_Hungary>	The Order of Saint Stephen (Hungarian: Szent István rend) was an order of chivalry founded in 1764 by Maria Theresa. In 1938, Miklós Horthy took the rights and activities of Grand Master as Regent of Hungary. The name of the Order changed to the Royal Hungarian Order of Saint Stephen (German: Königlich Ungarischer Sankt-Stephans-Orden, Latin: Ordo Equitum Sancti Stephani Regis (Hungariae) Apostolici). The Order was terminated at the time of the proclamation of the Second Hungarian Republic in 1946. It was recreated in 2011 as the Hungarian Order of Saint Stephen, and to this day remains the highest order in Hungary.The order is named after Hungary's most famous king, Stephen I, whose reign (997–1038) was marked by his consolidation of the monarchy, the establishment of the medieval state of Hungary, and his adoption of Christianity as the state religion. His coronation, as recognized in the Church, is dated 1001. He died August 15, 1038, during the Feast of the Assumption. His feast day in Hungary is August 20. Canonized by Pope Gregory VII in 1083 along with his son Imre (who preceded him in death in 1031, after a hunting accident) and Bishop Gerhard of Hungary, St. Stephen is the patron saint of "Hungary, kings, the death of children, masons, stonecutters, and bricklayers." Though its exact provenance is somewhat disputed, the Crown of St. Stephen is said to have been a gift from Pope Silvester II, upon Stephen's 1001 coronation.Empress Maria Teresa and her son, Emperor Joseph II, made several political concessions to ease tensions within their empire—most especially between Austria and Hungary, among them being the creation of the Order. Membership was available to various members of the Hungarian nobility. To receive the Order, according to collector and historian Stephen Herold,
<Sofia_Kovalevskaya>	Sofya Vasilyevna Kovalevskaya (Russian: Софья Васильевна Ковалевская), born Korvin-Krukovskaya (15 January [O.S. 3 January] 1850 – 10 February 1891), was a Russian mathematician who made noteworthy contributions to analysis, partial differential equations and mechanics. She was a pioneer for women in mathematics around the world – the first woman to obtain a doctorate (in the modern sense) in mathematics, the first woman appointed to a full professorship in northern Europe and one of the first women to work for a scientific journal as an editor. According to historian of science Ann Hibner Koblitz, Kovalevskaya was "the greatest known woman scientist before the twentieth century".Historian of mathematics Roger Cooke writes:... the more I reflect on her life and consider the magnitude of her achievements, set against the weight of the obstacles she had to overcome, the more I admire her.  For me she has taken on a heroic stature achieved by very few other people in history. To venture, as she did, into academia, a world almost no woman had yet explored, and to be consequently the object of curious scrutiny, while a doubting society looked on, half-expecting her to fail, took tremendous courage and determination. To achieve, as she did, at least two major results of lasting value to scholarship, is evidence of a considerable talent, developed through iron discipline.
<Gavin_Newsom>	Gavin Christopher Newsom (born October 10, 1967) is an American politician and businessman who has been the 40th governor of California since 2019. A member of the Democratic Party, he served as the 49th lieutenant governor of California from 2011 to 2019 and the 42nd mayor of San Francisco from 2004 to 2011.Newsom attended Redwood High School and graduated from Santa Clara University. After graduation, he founded the PlumpJack wine store with billionaire heir and family friend, Gordon Getty, as an investor. The PlumpJack Group grew to manage 23 businesses, including wineries, restaurants and hotels. Newsom began his political career in 1996, when San Francisco mayor Willie Brown appointed him to the city's Parking and Traffic Commission. Brown appointed Newsom to fill a vacancy on the Board of Supervisors the next year and Newsom was elected to the board in 1998, 2000 and 2002.
<King's_Theatre_(horse)>	King's Theatre (1 May 1991 – 13 June 2011) was an Irish-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. He was trained in the United Kingdom and the United States during a racing career which lasted from July 1993 to June 1996, winning five of his seventeen races. He is  best known for winning the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes in 1994, a year in which he was named European Champion Three-year old colt. King's Theatre later became a sire of both flat racers and jumpers.King's Theatre was bred in Ireland by Michael Poland. He was from the sixth crop of the fourteen times Champion sire Sadler's Wells out of the mare Regal Beauty, making him a half-brother to the Royal Lodge Stakes winner High Estate, who was European Champion Two-Year-Old in 1988. He was sent into training with Henry Cecil at Newmarket.
<Jack_Kelly_(actor)>	John Augustus Kelly Jr. (September 16, 1927 – November 7, 1992), known professionally as Jack Kelly, was an American film and television actor most noted for the role of Bart Maverick in the television series Maverick, which ran on ABC from 1957 to 1962.Kelly shared the series, rotating as the lead from week to week, first with James Garner as Bret Maverick (1957–1960) then with Roger Moore as Beau Maverick (1960–1961) and Robert Colbert as Brent Maverick (1961, for two episodes), before becoming the only Maverick (alternating with reruns from the Garner era) in the fifth season.
<Drabble_(comic_strip)>	Drabble is an internationally syndicated comic strip that appears in about 200 newspapers. Kevin Fagan created the strip in 1979 and remains the sole writer and artist. The strip centers on the Drabble family, and is set in a fictionalized version of the greater Los Angeles area.In the mid-1990s, the strip was nearly pulled from the Boston Herald. A grassroots effort, spearheaded by Robert S. Frisiello, Jr. convinced the paper to keep the strip running.[citation needed]Ralph: The father of the family, he worked initially as a pro-wrestler, and later as the original mall cop. Ralph has been working as a retirement village security guard and in August 2011 began a job as a TSA screener at Polecat International Airport. In 2021, he decided to be a park ranger at Polecat National Park. He constantly overeats and watches classic movies, and his hero is Ward Cleaver. One strip had him going to the doctors office to have his cholesterol checked, whereupon the doctor promptly called the Guinness Book of World Records. Has an alter ego as a pro wrestler. He is also famous for his "Glare," which strikes fear in just about anyone who looks him in the eye. He has a brother Fred.
<Real_Betis>	Real Betis Balompié, known as Real Betis (pronounced [reˈal ˈβetis]) or just Betis, is a Spanish professional football club based in Seville in the autonomous community of Andalusia. Founded in 1907, it plays in La Liga. It holds home games at the Estadio Benito Villamarín in the south of the city with a 60,720-seat capacity.Real Betis won the league title in 1935 and the Copa del Rey in 1977, 2005 and 2022. Given the club's tumultuous history and many relegations, its motto is ¡Viva el Betis manque (aunque) pierda! ("Long live Betis even if they lose!").
<Sidney_Howard>	Sidney Coe Howard (June 26, 1891 – August 23, 1939) was an American playwright, dramatist and screenwriter. He received the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1925 and a posthumous Academy Award in 1940 for the screenplay for Gone with the Wind.Sidney Howard was born in Oakland, California, the son of Helen Louise (née Coe) and John Lawrence Howard. He graduated from the University of California, Berkeley in 1915 and went on to Harvard University to study playwriting under George Pierce Baker in his legendary "47 workshop." (Other alumni of Baker's class included Eugene O'Neill, Thomas Wolfe, Philip Barry and S.N. Behrman. Howard became good friends with Behrman.) 
<New_Orleans>	New Orleans (/ˈɔːrl(i)ənz/ OR-l(ee)ənz, /ɔːrˈliːnz/ or-LEENZ, locally /ˈɔːrlənz/ OR-lənz; French: La Nouvelle-Orléans [la nuvɛlɔʁleɑ̃] (listen), Spanish: Nueva Orleans) is a consolidated city-parish located along the Mississippi River in the southeastern region of the U.S. state of Louisiana. With a population of 383,997 according to the 2020 U.S. census, it is the most populous city in Louisiana and the twelfth-most populous city in the southeastern United States. Serving as a major port, New Orleans is considered an economic and commercial hub for the broader Gulf Coast region of the United States.
<Chung_Pui-lam>	Chung Pui-lam, GBS, SBS, OBE, JP (born 11 October 1940 in Hong Kong) was the member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong and Sham Shui Po District Board.He became a Hong Kong government civil servant as his early career and later on studied law at the University of London and University of Hong Kong. He set up the Chung & Kwan Solicitors law firm, after he left the legal department in the Hong Kong government in 1979.
<CF_Damm>	Club de Futbol Damm is a Spanish football team based in Barcelona, in the autonomous community of Catalonia. Founded in 1954, it is dedicated to youth football.Their Juvenil A squad play in the Group III of the División de Honor Juvenil de Fútbol. The club is mainly known for their successful youth setup, which helps players to develop and join other senior clubs in the region.Seasons with two or more trophies shown in bold
<Anthony_F._Hill>	University of Warwick (1988-1991)Imperial College (1992-2000)Anthony F. Hill is a Professor of Chemistry at the Research School of Chemistry of the Australian National University. He specializes in synthetic, organometallic and coordination chemistry.He is the author of a textbook on the subject of the organometallic chemistry of the transition metals and since 1995 has been an editor of the scientific journal/book series Advances in Organometallic Chemistry. He is a fellow of the Royal Society of Chemistry.
<Aligarh_Muslim_University>	Aligarh Muslim University (abbreviated as AMU) is a public central university in Aligarh, Uttar Pradesh, India, which was originally established by Sir Syed Ahmad Khan as the Muhammadan Anglo-Oriental College in 1875. Muhammadan Anglo-Oriental College became Aligarh Muslim University in 1920, following the Aligarh Muslim University Act. It has three off-campus centres in AMU Malappuram Campus (Kerala), AMU Murshidabad centre (West Bengal), and Kishanganj Centre (Bihar).The university offers more than 300 courses in traditional and modern branches of education, and is an institute of national importance as declared under seventh schedule of the Constitution of India at its commencement.The university has been ranked 801–1000 in the QS World University Rankings of 2021, and 10 among universities in India by the National Institutional Ranking Framework in 2021. Various clubs and societies function under the aegis of the university and it has various notable academicians, literary figures, politicians, jurists, lawyers, and sportspeople, among others, as its alumni.
<Cass_Phang>	Cass Phang (Chinese: 彭羚, born 2 February 1969) is a retired Cantopop singer from Hong Kong, affiliated with EMI from 1993 to 1998 and then with Sony Music Entertainment. She was born in Hong Kong, studied at Munsang College and a high school in Australia. In September 1998, she married Hong Kong actor and pop singer Jan Lamb, a member of musical rap duo DJ Softhard. She gave birth to two daughters on 14 February 2000 and 28 July 2004.Phang was first spotted as a backing singer for Louis Yuen, and signed to Rock Records in 1990. In December of that same year she released her debut album, With Love, which included the track Let's Stay Awhile, a cover of Janet Jackson's Let's Wait Awhile. However, it was only with her second album, Love, Pain, I'm Still Waiting (愛過痛過亦願等) that she began to garner some success, when the title song was recognised in the Billboard Awards.
<John_C._Allen>	John C. Allen (May 21, 1907 – August 17, 1979) was a roller coaster designer who was responsible for the revival of wooden roller coasters which began in the 1960s. He attended Drexel University. He started working for the Philadelphia Toboggan Company in 1934 as a coaster operator and rose to become president of the company by 1954. He has designed more than 25 coasters and made significant contributions to roller coaster technology. He once said, "You don't need a degree in engineering to design roller coasters, you need a degree in psychology."The following is a list of roller coasters were credited as designed by John C. Allen:
<William_Kenzo_Nakamura_United_States_Courthouse>	The William Kenzo Nakamura United States Courthouse is a federal courthouse in Seattle, Washington primarily used by the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Built in 1940 as the United States Courthouse to consolidate federal agencies within the city, it was renamed for Medal of Honor recipient William K. Nakamura in 2001. The Ninth Circuit started using the building in the 1970s and became the principal tenant in 2004 when most other users moved to the new 23-story United States Courthouse in the Denny Triangle.The 10-story Art Deco building at 1010 Fifth Avenue houses 5 courtrooms and is one of four regular meeting places for the Ninth Circuit, where appeals from northern Districts are heard. With a mix of Neoclassical and modern abstract features, the Nakamura Courthouse overlooks a large sloping lawn (landscaped with a large central walkway, planters, hedges, and oak trees) which has become one of the more significant public green spaces in downtown Seattle.Approved by Congress in 1936, with construction begun in 1936 and completed in 1940, the United States Courthouse in Seattle was the first single-purpose federal courthouse in the western United States. The building represents the United States' commitment to democratic ideals and evokes the stability, permanence, and authority of the federal government.
<Barnsley_F.C.>	Barnsley Football Club is a professional football club based in Barnsley, South Yorkshire, England, which compete in EFL League One. Nicknamed "the Tykes", they were founded in 1887 by Reverend Tiverton Preedy and moved into Oakwell stadium the following year. The club's colours were originally blue, but were changed to red and white in 1904. The club's main rivals are fellow Yorkshire clubs Sheffield Wednesday, Sheffield United and Leeds United, with Huddersfield Town and Rotherham United considered as rivals.Barnsley spent the 1890s in the Sheffield & District, Midland and Yorkshire leagues, before gaining admittance to the Football League Second Division in 1898. They twice reached the final of the FA Cup whilst still in the second tier, losing to Newcastle United in 1910 and winning the competition with victory over West Bromwich Albion in 1912. The club suffered relegation in 1932, but secured promotion as Third Division North champions in 1933–34. They won the Third Division North title for a second time in 1938–39, having been relegated the previous season. Relegated again in 1953, they secured another Third Division North title in 1954–55. However, further relegations left them in the fourth tier of English football by 1966. Promotion from the Fourth Division was achieved in 1967–68, though they were relegated after just four seasons. The club secured two promotions in three years under the stewardship of Allan Clarke and then Norman Hunter, and from 1981 would spend sixteen consecutive years in the second tier.
<August_Belmont>	August Belmont Sr. (born August Schönberg; December 8, 1813 – November 24, 1890) was a German-American financier, diplomat, politician and party chairman of the Democratic National Committee, and also a horse-breeder and racehorse owner. He was the founder and namesake of the Belmont Stakes, third leg of the Triple Crown series of American Thoroughbred horse racing.He was born to a Jewish family in the Rhenish Hessian town of Alzey on December 8, 1813. At that time, Alzey was in the Mont-Tonnerre department of the French Empire, but it is now part of Germany. His parents were Simon Belmont (French for 'beautiful mountain', in German it is Schönberg) and his wife, Frederika Elsass. His family had Sephardic roots, tracing back to the town of Belmonte, Portugal. After his mother's death when he was seven years old, he lived with his uncle and grandmother in the German financial capital of Frankfurt am Main ("Frankfurt on the Main River").
<Weldon_Memorial_Prize>	The Weldon Memorial Prize, also known as the Weldon Memorial Prize and Medal, is given yearly by the University of Oxford. The prize is to be awardedwithout regard to nationality or membership of any University to the person who, in the judgement of the electors, has, in the ten years next preceding the date of the award, published the most noteworthy contribution to the development of mathematical or statistical methods applied to problems in Biology. (Biology shall, for the purposes of this clause, be interpreted as including Zoology, Botany, Anthropology, Sociology, Psychology, and Medical Science.)
<Lina_Romay>	Lina Romay (born Rosa María Almirall Martínez; 25 June 1954 – 15 February 2012), a.k.a. Candy Coster and Lulu Laverne, was a Spanish actress who often appeared in films directed by her long-time companion (and later husband) Jesús Franco. She appeared in approximately 109 Jesus Franco films made over a 30-year period.Romay was born in Barcelona in 1954. Following graduation from high school, she studied the arts, married actor/photographer Ramon Ardid (aka Raymond Hardy), and began acting in stage productions. She began appearing in Jesús Franco's films from the time that they met in 1972. Her husband Ramon was working for Franco as a still photographer at the time, and she met Franco through him. She acted in more than a hundred feature films, most of them directed by Franco. The majority of their films together were in the erotic film genre (including many X titles), but she was also featured in many of his horror, comedy and action/adventure films as well. Among the better known of her horror films are The Bare Breasted Countess (a.k.a. Female Vampire) (1973), Barbed Wire Dolls (1975) and Jack the Ripper (1976). Ramon co-starred with her in a number of Franco films until he realized she was leaving him for Franco in 1975. Lina and Ramon legally divorced in 1978.She took the name Lina Romay from the actress and jazz artist from the 1940s. Although Romay was listed in the credits of several of Franco's films as a co-director, actor Antonio Mayans stated in a recent interview that Franco used to credit her in that manner for business reasons, although she never actually co-directed any of their films together. She did however contribute occasional story ideas and assist in the editing of some films and trailers.
<Bob_Iger>	Robert Allen Iger (/ˈaɪɡər/; born February 10, 1951) is an American businessman who is the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of The Walt Disney Company. He previously served as the President of ABC Television between 1994 and 1995 and the President and Chief Operating Officer (COO) of Capital Cities/ABC, from 1995 until its acquisition by Disney in 1996. Iger was named President of Disney in 2000 and succeeded Michael Eisner as CEO in 2005, until his contract expired in 2020. He then served as Executive Chairman until his retirement from the company in 2021. At the request of Disney's Board of Directors, Iger returned to Disney as CEO on November 20, 2022, following the unscheduled and immediate dismissal of his appointed successor, Bob Chapek.During his initial 15-year stewardship of the company, Iger broadened Disney's roster of intellectual properties, expanded its presence in international markets, and oversaw an increase of the company's market capitalization from $48 billion to $257 billion. He led the major acquisitions of Pixar in 2006 for $7.4 billion, Marvel Entertainment in 2009 for $4 billion, Lucasfilm in 2012 for $4.06 billion, and the entertainment assets of 21st Century Fox in 2019 for $71.3 billion. Iger also expanded the company's theme park resorts presence in East Asia, with the introduction of Hong Kong Disneyland Resort and Shanghai Disney Resort in 2005 and 2016, respectively. Additionally, he was also the driving force behind the reinvigoration of Walt Disney Animation Studios, the branded-release strategy of its film studio's output, and the company's increased investment on its direct-to-consumer businesses, including Disney+ and Hulu. Iger is widely regarded as one of the most powerful, pragmatic and effective leaders in the media industry.
<Wendy_Kilbourne>	Wendy Kilbourne Read (born June 29, 1964 in Los Angeles, California) is an American attorney and former television actress.Kilbourne may be best known as Constance Hazard on the North and South miniseries (1985, 1986 and 1994), and as Devon King in Midnight Caller. On the set of North and South, she met actor James Read, whom she married in 1988 and with whom she has three children: a son, Jackson (b. 1990), and two daughters—Willa, about whose 1994 stillbirth she opened up to columnist Robin Abcarian, and Sydney (b. 1995). The family resides in Santa Barbara, California.She stopped working as an actress to attend law school, and is now a licensed attorney in California. She is the founder and CEO of The Children's Project of Santa Barbara, a residential charter school for foster children.[citation needed]
<Wolf_Prize>	The Wolf Prize is an international award granted in Israel, that has been presented most years since 1978 to living scientists and artists for "achievements in the interest of mankind and friendly relations among people ... irrespective of nationality, race, colour, religion, sex or political views."The prize is awarded in Israel by the Wolf Foundation, founded by Ricardo Wolf, a German-born inventor and former Cuban ambassador to Israel. It is awarded in six fields: Agriculture, Chemistry, Mathematics, Medicine, Physics, and an Arts prize that rotates between architecture, music, painting, and sculpture. Each prize consists of a diploma and US$100,000. The awards ceremony typically takes place at a session in the Knesset.  The prize is described by the Foundation as being "awarded annually", but is not in fact awarded every year: between 2000 and 2010, only six prizes were awarded in most fields, and only four in Physics.The Wolf Prizes in Physics and Chemistry are often considered the most prestigious awards in those fields after the Nobel Prize. The prize in physics has gained a reputation for identifying future winners of the Nobel Prize – from the 26 prizes awarded between 1978 and 2010, fourteen winners have gone on to win the Nobel Prize, five of those in the following year.
<UEFA_Euro_2008_(video_game)>	UEFA Euro 2008 is the official video game of the Euro 2008 football tournament, published by EA Sports. It was developed  collaboratively by EA Canada and HB Studios and was released in Europe and North America on 18 April 2008 and 19 May 2008 respectively.[citation needed] The commentary was provided by Clive Tyldesley and Andy Townsend.EA issued an apology after mistakenly using the Soldier's Song as Northern Ireland's anthem within the game, instead of God Save the Queen. Public Relations head Shaun White said:At EA Sports, we pride ourselves on delivering rich and authentic videogame experiences. We sincerely apologise for this error.
<Jonathan_Larson>	Jonathan David Larson (February 4, 1960 – January 25, 1996) was an American composer, lyricist and playwright most famous for writing the musicals Rent and Tick, Tick... Boom!, which explored the social issues of multiculturalism, substance use disorder, and homophobia. He received three posthumous Tony Awards and a posthumous Pulitzer Prize for Drama for Rent.Larson was born in Mt. Vernon, New York to Nanette (née  Notarius) and Allan Larson of White Plains, New York, on February 4, 1960. His family was Jewish. His grandfather, Bernard Isaac Lazarson, who was born in Russia, changed the family surname from Lazarson. At an early age, Larson played the trumpet and tuba, sang in his school's choir, and took piano lessons. His early musical influences and his favorite rock musicians included Elton John, The Doors, The Who, and Billy Joel, as well as the classic composers of musical theatre, especially Stephen Sondheim. He also loved Pete Townshend, The Police, Prince, Liz Phair, and The Beatles. Larson attended White Plains High School, where he was also involved in acting, performing in lead roles in various productions, graduating in 1978. He had a sister, Julie.
<Gregorio_Sablan>	Gregorio Kilili Camacho Sablan /ɡrɪˈɡɔːrioʊ kɪˈliːli kəˈmɑːtʃoʊ səˈblɑːn/ (born January 19, 1955) is a Northern Mariana Islander politician and former election commissioner. Elected in 2008, Sablan became the first delegate to the United States House of Representatives from the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. Sablan is the only Chamorro member of Congress.Sablan has been a member of the Democratic Party throughout his life, but ran as an Independent for the delegate position, as the Democrats had nominated another candidate. He immediately changed his party affiliation in the House to Democratic in 2009, caucuses with Democrats and has remained an official party member during his tenure, but ran as an Independent in all of his reelection campaigns between 2010 and 2020. He is running as a Democrat for the first time in 2022.
<Harrie_T._Lindeberg>	Harrie Thomas Lindeberg (1879 – January 10, 1959) was an American architect, best known for designing country houses in the United States. Among academic eclectic architects Lindeberg found a niche as "the American Lutyens" by working in a variety of popular styles while imparting a crisp modern stamp to his work. He might best be compared to contemporary Art Deco and Streamline Moderne skyscraper architects such as Raymond Hood, Ely Jacques Kahn, and Ralph Thomas Walker.Harrie Thomas Lindeberg was born in Bergen Point, New Jersey in 1879.He studied architecture at the National Academy of Design from 1898 to 1901.
<Mayfield_School,_Mayfield>	Mayfield School, previously St Leonards-Mayfield School, is an independent Catholic boarding and day school for girls aged 11 to 18. It is situated in the village of Mayfield in East Sussex. The current headmistress is Miss Antonia Beary. The school was founded by Mother Cornelia Connelly, S.H.C.J., in 1872, with the oldest buildings dating from the 14th century.Mayfield School has its origins in the Convent of the Holy Child Jesus school at St Leonards-on-Sea. Mother Cornelia Connelly of the Society of the Holy Child Jesus chanced upon the Old Palace at the idyllic village of Mayfield. At that time Louisa Caton, the Duchess of Leeds (widow of Francis D'Arcy-Osborne, 7th Duke of Leeds) had requested Mother Connelly to take her in as a nun. Despite her efforts Mother Connelly remained unimpressed. The Duchess then turned her attention to setting up orphanages. She purchased the Mayfield estate which included the Old Palace and presented it to the Society. On the morning of 18 November 1863 Mass was celebrated at Mayfield for the first time since the mid-16th century. The original school at St Leonards and the new school at Mayfield merged in 1953 to form the current school. The junior school was closed in 1975 and St Leonards-Mayfield thus became solely a senior school. In March 2015 the school changed its name to Mayfield School, but it retains its strong links with the SHCJ. The teachers are mostly lay staff but the nuns still maintain a strong presence as members of the Board of Governors and pastoral care staff.
<Wilhelm_Zaisser>	Main Intelligence DirectorateNational Revolutionary ArmyRuhr UprisingWilhelm Zaisser (20 June 1893 – 3 March 1958) was a German communist politician and statesman who served as the founder and first Minister for State Security of the German Democratic Republic (1950–1953).
<Hvalstad_Station>	Hvalstad Station (Norwegian: Hvalstad stasjon) is a railway station of the Drammen Line located at Hvalstad in Asker, Norway. Situated 20.19 kilometers (12.55 mi) from Oslo Central Station, it consists of an island platform and serves the L1 line of the Oslo Commuter Rail operated by the Norwegian State Railways. The station served 233,000 passengers in 2012.The line opened at the same time as the Drammen Line on 7 October 1872. The first station building was a wooden structure designed by Georg Andreas Bull. The station was moved in 1915 to its current location. This resulted in another wooden station building, designed by Jens Flor. The third station building, designed by Julie Kristiansen, was completed in 1957. This resulted in the station being raised to an elevated structure. Bull's building has been demolished, while Flor's and Kristiansen's have been listed as heritage sites.Hvalstad was along with Asker Station the only stations to be opened along with the Drammen Line on 8 October 1872. The first station building was a simple wooden structure designed by Georg Andreas Bull. It was a stable design, which was seen on several low-traffic stations along the Randsfjorden Line, the Drammen Line and the Jæren Line. Near the station there was a wooden viaduct, the 176-meter (577 ft) Hvalstad Viaduct. It was the largest of its kind in Northern Europe and became a tourist attraction. The station became the natural center for the area and soon both residences and shops.
<University_of_Virginia>	The University of Virginia (UVA) is a public research university in Charlottesville, Virginia. Founded in 1819 by Thomas Jefferson, the university is ranked among the top academic institutions in the United States, with highly selective admission. Set within the Academical Village, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, the university is referred to as a "Public Ivy" for offering an academic experience similar to that of an Ivy League university. It is known in part for certain rare characteristics among public universities such as its historic foundations, student-run honor code, and secret societies.
<Stan_Keon>	Standish Michael Keon (2 July 1915 – 22 January 1987) was an Australian  politician who represented the Australian Labor Party in the Federal Parliament from 1949 to 1955, having served previously in the State Parliament of Victoria.He was the third surviving son of Australian-born parents, Philip Tobyn Keon, a lorry driver, and his wife, Jane (née Scott). His Christian names were registered as Horace Stanley; Horace being the name of a brother who had died the previous year. He attended Roman Catholic schools in East Melbourne and Richmond, and later won a scholarship to attend Xavier College, but couldn't attend due to reduced family circumstances, which compelled him to start working at the age of 12.
<Fox_Digital_Entertainment>	Fox Digital Entertainment was an American digital content, mobile applications, and video game developer and publisher owned by 20th Century Fox (later rebranded as 20th Century Studios).Fox Digital Entertainment was formed in 2010 and took on many of the projects related to 21st Century Fox properties from Fox Interactive, 20th Century Fox Games (now known as 20th Century Games since 2022) and Fox Mobile Entertainment, when that was sold to the Jesta Group and was renamed Jesta Digital.It was primarily involved with 20th Century Studios and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer properties such as Family Guy, The Simpsons, Ice Age, James Bond, Predator, Rio, Sons of Anarchy, and X-Men. They have been involved in applications such as FOX 4D, Own The Moments, Skyfall Gun Barrel and The Wolverine Second Screen. They have also been involved in video games such as The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, Family Guy: The Quest for Stuff, The Simpsons: Tapped Out, and Predators.
<AP_Films>	AP Films or APF, later becoming Century 21 Productions, was a British independent film production company of the 1950s until the early 1970s. The company became internationally known for its imaginative children's action-adventure marionette television series – most significantly Thunderbirds – produced for British ITV network companies Associated-Rediffusion, Granada, ABC and ATV. At its height, the company employed more than 200 staff.Established in 1956 by editor-director Gerry Anderson and cinematographer Arthur Provis, following the liquidation of their employer Polytechnic Films, AP Films  was set up. They took with them producer Reg Hill, cinematographer John Read and secretary, then known as Sylvia Thamm. Thamm would later become Anderson's second wife. The company was created with the intention of it becoming a conventional film production house.
<Kevin_Corrigan>	Kevin  Corrigan (born 1968/1969) is an American character actor. He has appeared mostly in independent films and television since the 1990s, including as Uncle Eddie on the sitcom Grounded for Life (2001–2005). His film appearances include supporting roles in Goodfellas (1990), Walking and Talking (1996), Henry Fool (1997), The Departed (2006), Superbad (2007), Pineapple Express (2008), Seven Psychopaths (2012), The King of Staten Island (2020), and co-starring roles in Big Fan (2009) and Results (2015). He has been twice nominated for the Independent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Male.Corrigan was born in the Bronx, New York City, to an Irish-American father and a Puerto Rican mother. After studying at Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute, he made his film debut in 1989 in Lost Angels, starring Donald Sutherland and Adam Horovitz. He was cast in Goodfellas as the younger brother of Henry Hill (Ray Liotta). During the independent film boom of the 1990s, Corrigan built a career playing quirky, unconventional characters in films such as True Romance, Living in Oblivion, Walking and Talking and Rhythm Thief. He made his television series debut as a cast member of the short-lived Rhea Perlman sitcom Pearl. He also appeared in the video for "Get Me" by the indie band Dinosaur Jr. in 1993.
<The_Clouds>	Silent rolesThe Clouds (Ancient Greek: Νεφέλαι Nephelai) is a Greek comedy play written by the playwright Aristophanes. A lampooning of intellectual fashions in classical Athens, it was originally produced at the City Dionysia in 423 BC and was not as well received as the author had hoped, coming last of the three plays competing at the festival that year. It was revised between 420 and 417 BC and was thereafter circulated in manuscript form.No copy of the original production survives, and scholarly analysis indicates that the revised version is an incomplete form of Old Comedy. This incompleteness, however, is not obvious in translations and modern performances.
<Sergio_Mattarella>	Sergio Mattarella OMRI OMCA (Italian pronunciation: [ˈsɛrdʒo mattaˈrɛlla]; born 23 July 1941) is an Italian politician, jurist, academic and lawyer who has served as the president of Italy since 2015. A Christian leftist politician, Mattarella was a leading member of the Christian Democracy party from the early 1980s until its dissolution. He served as Minister for Parliamentary Relations from 1987 to 1989, and Minister of Education from 1989 to 1990. In 1994, Mattarella was among the founders of the Italian People's Party (PPI), serving as Deputy Prime Minister of Italy from 1998 to 1999, and Minister of Defence from 1999 to 2001. He joined The Daisy in 2002 and was one of the founders of the Democratic Party (PD) in 2007, leaving it when he retired from politics in 2008. He also served as a judge of the Constitutional Court of Italy from 2011 to 2015.
<Edmund_George_Lind>	Edmund George Lind (June 18, 1829 – 1909) was an English-born American architect, active in Baltimore, Atlanta, and the American south.Lind was born in Islington, now a part of London, England; his father, Alexander Lind, was an engraver who had fought on the British side as a Loyalist at the Battle of Bunker Hill outside Charlestown, Massachusetts near Boston in 1775. When he was young, the family moved to Birmingham, England, where drawing and painting became his favorite amusements. After an attempt at studying law, he studied architecture at the London School of Design, then worked for several years in various architects' offices in London.In 1855 Lind emigrated to New York City where he found employment as chief draftsman and assisting Nathan G. Starkweather, designer of the brownstone Gothic-style, fourth structure for the First Presbyterian Church in Baltimore, which was finally completed with the tallest spire in the city in 1875, (first three structures from colonial times in downtown area at northwest corner of East Fayette and North Streets (now Guilford Avenue), sold the site after the Georgian/Federal-era twin-spired church from 1795, was razed to the Federal Government for a new U. S. Courthouse, built 1859-60); and then moved to more residential and up-scale, tomey, Victorian-era Mount Vernon-Belvedere neighborhood, just north of central business district at West Madison Street and Park Avenue). Lind moved to Baltimore to supervise its construction, but in 1856, left Starkweather's office to partner with William T. Murdoch, with whom he was associated with  until about 1860. He married his partner's cousin, Margaret Murdoch.
<Emma_Cohen>	Emmanuela Beltrán Rahola (21 November  1946 – 11 July 2016) better known as Emma Cohen was a Spanish actress, director, producer, and writer. She appeared in many Spanish language films. She portrayed Gallina Caponata in Barrio Sésamo, a counterpart to Big Bird in the Spanish version of Sesame Street.Emma Cohen was married to actor Fernando Fernán Gómez until his death in 2007. She died on 11 July 2016, aged 69, after a battle with cancer.
<F.C._Paços_de_Ferreira>	Futebol Clube Paços de Ferreira (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈpasuʒ ðɨ fɨˈʁɐjɾɐ]) is a Portuguese football club based in Paços de Ferreira, Porto district. Founded in 1950, the club competes in the Primeira Liga, holding home games at the 9,077-seater Estádio da Mata Real, a municipal stadium where the team has been based since 1973. The club's colours are yellow and green.They have won four Segunda Liga titles (now Liga Portugal 2), and in 2007 they qualified for the UEFA Cup for the first time. In the 2012–13 Primeira Liga, the team finished third and qualified for the 2013–14 UEFA Champions League play-offs for the first time in their history. They were also runners-up of the 2008–09 Taça de Portugal, the 2009 Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira and the 2010–11 Taça da Liga.
<FK_Partizani_Tirana>	Futboll Klub Partizani, or FK Partizani for short, is an Albanian professional football club based in Tirana, that competes in the Kategoria Superiore. Founded in 1946, the club was historically affiliated to the Albanian army. Partizani's current temporary home ground is Arena Kombëtare and the newly built stadium at Partizani Complex.The club first competed in an official competition in 1947 where they won the Albania National Championship, thus being crowned the champions of Albania in their debut season as well as the following two seasons. In total the club have been national champions on 16 occasions between 1947 and 2019, which is the last time the club won the Kategoria Superiore. They have won 18 other officially recognised domestic honours, including 15 Albanian Cups as well as Second Division. They are also the only Albanian club side to have won an international football competition through their 1970 Balkans Cup campaign in which they beat Bulgarian side Beroe Stara Zagora in the final.FK Partizani Tirana was officially founded on 4 February 1946 soon after the end of World War II and the liberation of Albania. However, one year earlier in 1945, there had been two military division teams competing in the first National Championship following the end of World War II. The teams were called Ylli Shkodër and Liria Korçë, and they were both dissolved as clubs at the end of the season, with their best players moving to Tiranë to join Ushtria, which literally translates to The Army. Ushtria played their first friendly game on 13 January 1946 against the reigning champions of Albania Vllaznia Shkodër, in a game that ended in a goalless draw in Tiranë that was played during heavy rainfall. The team played their first ever match in distinctive red shirts with each player's initials on their chests. The club's first ever lineup was Alfred Bonati, Luga, Tepelia, Xhavit Shyqyri Demneri, Besim Fagu, Rexhepi, Lutfi Hoxha, Qamil Teliti, Kavaja, Hamdi Bakalli and Bylyku. The following month, on 4 February, Ushtria was developed into an organised sports club which was to be named in honour of the Albanian Partisans who had fought for the liberation of the country. In the early history of the club they recruited players from the Scanderbeg Military High School and Albanian Military Academy, as well as players from other clubs who were ordered by the ruling Communists to play for Partizani.
<Tom_Kite>	Thomas Oliver Kite Jr. (born December 9, 1949) is an American professional golfer and golf course architect. He won the U.S. Open in 1992 and spent 175 weeks in the top-10 of the Official World Golf Ranking between 1989 and 1994.Kite was born in McKinney, Texas. He began playing golf at age six, and won his first tournament at age 11. Kite attended the University of Texas on a golf scholarship and was coached by Harvey Penick. He turned professional in 1972 and has been a consistent money winner ever since. Known for his innovation, he was the first to add a third wedge to his bag, one of the first players to use a sports psychologist, and one of the first to emphasize physical fitness for game improvement. He also underwent laser eye surgery, due to his partial blindness, in a bid to improve his game late in his career.
<Philip_Pendleton_Barbour>	Philip Pendleton Barbour (May 25, 1783 – February 25, 1841) was the tenth speaker of the United States House of Representatives and an associate justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. He is the only individual to serve in both positions. He was also a slave owner.Born in Gordonsville, Virginia, Barbour established a legal career in Gordonsville after studying at the College of William & Mary. Several members of Barbour's family, including his brother, James Barbour, went on to hold prominent political office. Barbour won election to the House of Representatives in 1814 as a member of the Democratic-Republican Party. He served a single term as Speaker from 1821 to 1823 and declined to seek re-election to Congress in 1824. Barbour returned to Congress in 1827 as an ally of Andrew Jackson.Barbour served in Congress until 1830, when he accepted appointment as a judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. President Jackson appointed Barbour to the Supreme Court in 1835 to fill a vacancy caused by the resignation in 1835 of Gabriel Duvall. Barbour served on the Court until his death in 1841. On the Court, Barbour generally supported Jacksonian principles and states' rights.
<Ralph_Recto>	Ralph Gonzalez Recto (Tagalog pronunciation: [gonˈsalɛs ˈrɛktɔ]; born January 11, 1964) is a Filipino politician, who, since 2022, is serving as the representative for Batangas' 6th district and is one of the House Deputy Speakers. He previously served three terms in the Senate: from 2001 to 2007 and from 2010 to 2022 and had served as president pro tempore of the Senate and Senate Minority Leader. He started his political career as the representative of Batangas' 4th district from 1992 to 2001.In 2007, Recto lost his Senate reelection bid because, as many analysts believed, he had authored the unpopular EVAT (Expanded Value Added Tax) law. In July 2008 he was appointed to head the National Economic and Development Authority (NEDA) in the Arroyo administration, but resigned from his position in August 2009 in preparation for another run for the Senate in the 2010 elections.
<James_Madison>	James Madison Jr. (March 16, 1751 – June 28, 1836) was an American statesman, diplomat, and Founding Father. He served as the fourth president of the United States from 1809 to 1817. Madison is hailed as the "Father of the Constitution" for his pivotal role in drafting and promoting the Constitution of the United States and the Bill of Rights.Madison was born into a prominent planter family in Virginia. He served as a member of the Virginia House of Delegates and the Continental Congress during and after the American Revolutionary War. Unsatisfied with the weak national government established by the Articles of Confederation, he helped organize the Constitutional Convention, which produced a new constitution. Madison's Virginia Plan was the basis for the Convention's deliberations, and he was an influential voice at the convention. He became one of the leaders in the movement to ratify the Constitution, and joined Alexander Hamilton and John Jay in writing The Federalist Papers, a series of pro-ratification essays which remains prominent among works of political science in American history. Madison emerged as an important leader in the House of Representatives and was a close adviser to President George Washington. 
<Alberto_Moravia>	Alberto Moravia (US: /moʊˈrɑːviə, -ˈreɪv-/ moh-RAH-vee-ə, -⁠RAY-, Italian: [alˈbɛrto moˈraːvja]; born Alberto Pincherle Italian pronunciation: [ˈpiŋkerle]; 28 November 1907 – 26 September 1990) was an Italian novelist and journalist. His novels explored matters of modern sexuality, social alienation and existentialism. Moravia is best known for his debut novel Gli indifferenti (The Time of Indifference 1929) and for the anti-fascist novel Il Conformista (The Conformist 1947), the basis for the film The Conformist (1970) directed by Bernardo Bertolucci. Other novels of his adapted for the cinema are Agostino, filmed with the same title by Mauro Bolognini in 1962; Il disprezzo (A Ghost at Noon or Contempt), filmed by Jean-Luc Godard as Le Mépris (Contempt 1963); La Noia (Boredom), filmed with that title by Damiano Damiani in 1963 and released in the US as The Empty Canvas in 1964 and La ciociara, filmed by Vittorio De Sica as Two Women (1960). Cédric Kahn's L'Ennui (1998) is another version of La Noia.Moravia once remarked that the most important facts of his life had been his illness, a tubercular infection of the bones that confined him to a bed for five years and Fascism, because they both caused him to suffer and do things he otherwise would not have done. "It is what we are forced to do that forms our character, not what we do of our own free will." Moravia was an atheist. His writing was marked by its factual, cold, precise style, often depicting the malaise of the bourgeoisie. It was rooted in the tradition of nineteenth-century narrative, underpinned by high social and cultural awareness. Moravia believed that writers must, if they were to represent reality, "assume a moral position, a clearly conceived political, social, and philosophical attitude" but also that, ultimately, "A writer survives in spite of his beliefs". Between 1959 and 1962 Moravia was president of PEN International, the worldwide association of writers.
<Reg_Smythe>	Reginald Smyth (10 July 1917 – 13 June 1998) was a British cartoonist who created the popular, long-running Andy Capp comic strip.He was born in Hartlepool, County Durham, England, the son of Richard Oliver Smyth, a shipyard worker, and his wife, Florence, née Pearce, the oldest of five children (his siblings being Lily, Harry, Laura and Jimmy). With his father chronically unemployed, he grew up in poverty, and often referred to himself as a "canvas shoes kid." He attended Galley's Field School on the Hartlepool Headland but left at fourteen to take a job as a butcher's errand boy. In 1936, after a period of unemployment, he joined the Royal Northumberland Fusiliers and was posted to Egypt. His father died during his service.
<Vincent_Bugliosi>	Vincent T. Bugliosi Jr. (/ˌbuːliˈoʊsi/; August 18, 1934 – June 6, 2015) was an American prosecutor and author who served as Deputy District Attorney for the Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office between 1964 and 1972. He became best known for successfully prosecuting Charles Manson and other defendants accused of the Tate–LaBianca murders that took place between August 9 and August 10, 1969.
<André_the_Giant>	André René Roussimoff (French: [ɑ̃dʁe ʁəne ʁusimɔf]; 19 May 1946 – 28 January 1993), better known by his ring name André the Giant, was a French professional wrestler and actor. Roussimoff was known for his great size, which was a result of gigantism caused by excess growth hormone. It also led to him being called "The Eighth Wonder of the World".Beginning his career in 1966, Roussimoff relocated to North America in 1971. From 1973 to the mid-1980s, Roussimoff was booked by World Wide Wrestling Federation (WWWF) promoter Vincent J. McMahon as a roving "special attraction" who wrestled for promotions throughout the United States, as well as in Japan for New Japan Pro-Wrestling. During the 1980s wrestling boom, Roussimoff became a mainstay of the WWWF (by then renamed the World Wrestling Federation), being paired with the villainous manager Bobby Heenan and feuding with Hulk Hogan. The two headlined WrestleMania III in 1987, and in 1988, he defeated Hogan to win the WWF Championship, his sole world heavyweight championship, on the first episode of The Main Event. As his WWF career wound down after WrestleMania VI in 1990, Roussimoff wrestled primarily for All Japan Pro-Wrestling, usually alongside Giant Baba, until his sudden death.
<Portland_Street_Railway_Company>	The Portland Street Railway Company was the first mass transit company and streetcar line in Portland, Oregon, United States. Founded in 1872 by transportation magnate Ben Holladay, it operated horsecars on a two-mile (3.2 km) narrow gauge line on First Street, from a barn on Glisan Street in the north to Porter Street in the south.On April 19, 1871, Levi Estes, who together with D. S. Thompson owned sawmills on North Front Street, proposed to the Portland Common Council the operation of horse- or mule-drawn streetcars on First Street, among other streets. That September 12, the council approved Ordinance No. 1065, titled "An Ordinance Authorizing the Construction and Operation of Street Railways in the City of Portland", which granted the Portland Street Railway Company a 25-year franchise to operate a horsecar line down the length of First Street. At the time, most of Portland was located near the waterfront, making First Street the ideal spot for the new line. Construction of the line began on September 11, 1872. The horsecar rails were recycled from the Oregon Central Railroad by turning the iron upside down. Four "bobtail" cars were ordered for the company from Kimball & Company of San Francisco, California. After the cars arrived in October 1872 it was discovered that the cars would not fit the line and the entire track would have to be readjusted.For the first time the cars were run on the track on December 7, 1872. The company started with a total of four cars and ten horses. Ben Holladay, the owner of the company, put his younger brother, Joseph Holladay, in charge of the company. The expansion of Portland inland, away from First Street, increased demand for a separate car line by the 1880s. On February 18, 1886, the City of Portland approved an ordinance allowing the Portland Street Railway Company to extend its line from Caruthers Street to Porter Street. After Ben Holladay's death in 1887, the Portland Street Railway Company was caught up in his estate. His brother was ordered to sell off the company to settle the estate. Joseph Holladay refused and went to Vancouver, Washington, to avoid authorities. Caught up in litigation, the Holladay estate increased in value, eventually enough for Joseph Holladay to return to Portland to reclaim the car franchise.
<Walter_M._Elsasser>	Walter Maurice Elsasser (March 20, 1904 – October 14, 1991) was a German-born American physicist, a developer of the presently accepted dynamo theory as an explanation of the Earth's magnetism.  He proposed that this magnetic field resulted from electric currents induced in the fluid outer core of the Earth.  He revealed the history of the Earth's magnetic field by the study of the magnetic orientation of minerals in rocks. He was also the first to suggest that the wave-like nature of matter might be investigated by electron scattering experiments using crystalline solids.The Olin Hall at the Johns Hopkins University has a Walter Elsasser Memorial in the lobby.Elsasser was born in 1904 to a Jewish family in Mannheim, Germany.  Before he became known for his geodynamo theory, while in Göttingen during the 1920s, he had suggested the experiment to test the wave aspect of electrons. This suggestion of Elsasser was later communicated by his senior colleague from Göttingen (Nobel Prize recipient Max Born) to physicists in England. This explained the results of the Davisson-Germer and Thomson experiments later awarded with the Nobel Prize in Physics.  In 1935, while working in Paris, Elsasser calculated the binding energies of protons and neutrons in heavy radioactive nuclei.  Wigner, Jensen and Goeppert-Mayer received the Nobel in 1963 for work developing out of Elsasser's initial formulation.  Elsasser therefore came quite close to a Nobel prize on two occasions.
<Jack_Donohue_(director)>	John Francis Donohue (November 3, 1908 – March 27, 1984) was an American film actor, screenwriter, director, producer, composer, and choreographer.Some of his movie directing roles include Babes in Toyland (1961), Marriage on the Rocks, (1965), and Assault on a Queen, (1966). Some of his television directing roles include The Frank Sinatra Show, The Colgate Comedy Hour, The Red Skelton Show, and The Dean Martin Show.
<Industrial_Bio-Test_Laboratories>	Industrial Bio-Test Laboratories (IBT Labs) was an American industrial product safety testing laboratory. IBT conducted significant quantities of research for pharmaceutical companies, chemical manufacturers and other industrial clients; at its height during the 1950s, 1960s, and 1970s, IBT operated the largest facility of its kind and performed more than one-third of all toxicology testing in the United States. IBT was later confirmed of engaging in extensive scientific misconduct, or more properly, fraud, which resulted in the indictment  of its president and several top executives in 1981 and convictions in 1983.  The revelations of misconduct by IBT Labs led to reforms in the regulation of pesticides in the United States and Canada.IBT was founded in 1953 by Joseph C. Calandra, an Italian American professor of pathology and biochemistry at Northwestern University. Calandra, the first of his family to pursue higher education, contributed to the concept of toxicologically innocuous doses during his tenure at Northwestern.Described by his colleagues as a "man of high scientific standards who also knew how to make a dollar", Calandra was an effective entrepreneur; his laboratory was contracted by the Department of Defense to evaluate irradiationally preserved food within its first year of operation.
<Women_Superstars_Uncensored>	Women Superstars United (WSU; formerly Women Superstars Uncensored) is an American, New Jersey based women's professional wrestling promotion which held its first event in 2006. Shows combine wrestling interspersed with both serious and comedic storylines. The company tapes two DVDs worth of material during weekend shows. Although many of the shows are promoted solely by WSU, they have also worked with National Wrestling Superstars. As of October 2009, the promotion has a working agreement with Dragon Gate USA.WSU is considered one of the top women's wrestling organizations in the United States. The company claims to be "the leader in women's wrestling in the northeast" and to promote more cards than any other women's wrestling company in the country.As of December 14, 2019
<Christchurch>	Christchurch (/ˈkraɪstʃɜːrtʃ/ KRYSSE-church; Māori: Ōtautahi) is the largest city in the South Island of New Zealand and the seat of the Canterbury Region. Christchurch lies on the South Island's east coast, just north of Banks Peninsula on Pegasus Bay. The Avon River / Ōtākaro flows through the centre of the city, with an urban park along its banks. The city's territorial authority population is 389,300 people, and includes a number of smaller urban areas as well as rural areas. The population of the urban area is 377,900 people. Christchurch is the second-largest city by urban area population in New Zealand, after Auckland. It is the major urban area of an emerging sub-region known informally as Greater Christchurch. Notable smaller urban areas within this sub-region include Rangiora and Kaiapoi in Waimakariri District, north of the Waimakariri River, and Rolleston and Lincoln in Selwyn District to the south.The first inhabitants migrated to the area sometime between 1000 and 1250 AD. They hunted moa, which led to birds' extinct by 1450, and destroyed much of the mataī and tōtara forest. The first iwi to settle the area that would later become known as Christchurch were the Waitaha, who migrated to the area in the 16th century. They were followed later by the Kāti Māmoe, who conquered the Waitaha. In the 16th and 17th centuries, the Ngāi Tahu migrated to the area and subjugated the Kāti Māmoe. Over time Ngāi Tahu would develop a large pā based around Kaiapoi, which was a major centre for the trade of pounamu.
<John_Cromwell_(director)>	John Cromwell (born Elwood Dager; December 23, 1886 – September 26, 1979) was an American film and stage director and actor. His films spanned the early days of sound to film noir in the early 1950s, by which time his directing career was almost terminated by the Hollywood blacklist.Born as Elwood Dager in Toledo, Ohio to an affluent Scottish-English family, executives in the steel and iron industry, Cromwell graduated from private high school at Howe Military Academy in 1905, but never pursued higher education.
<Zosimo_Paredes>	Zosimo Jesus "Jess" Paredes II (born May 27, 1948 in Manila) is a former Filipino politician.Paredes was elected Assemblyman of Regular Batasang Pambansa representing Ifugao from 1984 until its dissolution in 1986.He has twice ran for the Senate namely, the 1987 Senatorial elections under the Grand Alliance for Democracy, the same party of Joseph Estrada and Juan Ponce Enrile but placed 46th place and more recently the 2007 Senatorial elections under the Ang Kapatiran Party but placed 29th place.
<Richard_Taylor_(mathematician)>	Richard Lawrence Taylor (born 19 May 1962) is a British mathematician working in the field of number theory. He is currently the Barbara Kimball Browning Professor in Humanities and Sciences at Stanford University.Taylor received the 2015 Breakthrough Prize in Mathematics  "for numerous breakthrough results in the theory of automorphic forms, including the Taniyama–Weil conjecture, the local Langlands conjecture for general linear groups, and the Sato–Tate conjecture." He also received the 2007 Shaw Prize in Mathematical Sciences for his work on the Langlands program with Robert Langlands. He also served on the Mathematical Sciences jury for the Infosys Prize from 2012 to 2014.
<Norman_Hudis>	Norman Hudis (27 July 1922 – 8 February 2016) was an English writer for film, theatre and television, and is most closely associated with the first six of the Carry On... film series, for which he wrote the screenplays until he was replaced by Talbot Rothwell.Born in Stepney, London, Hudis began his writing career on a local newspaper, the Hampstead & Highgate Express. When World War II broke out, Hudis joined the RAF and served in the Middle East writing for Air Force News. Like many other post-war writers his first foray into entertainment was writing for camp concerts. After the war Hudis decided to become a playwright, but only one of his plays Here Is The News met with critical success. This was enough to get him noticed by Pinewood Studios, who offered him a job as trainee screenwriter. During the two years he spent there he failed to get any of his screenplays into production.Hudis left Pinewood and became a freelance writer and was soon to become a prolific screenwriter of B movies during the 1950s. He was the writer for the biopic The Tommy Steele Story (1957). Hudis met the film producer Peter Rogers in the year of its release who offered him the job of writing another screenplay for Tommy Steele (The Duke Wore Jeans, 1958), which was directed by Gerald Thomas. (Peter Rogers' film producer wife Betty Box, who produced the Doctor film series, mostly worked with Gerald's brother, the director Ralph Thomas). The producer and director team of Peter and Gerald chose Hudis to rewrite the screenplay to R. F. Delderfield's The Bull Boys. He obliged and the screenplay became the first of the Carry On... film series as Carry On Sergeant. Following the success of this Carry On début, Hudis wrote a further five Carry On's (Carry On Nurse; Carry On Teacher; Carry On Constable; Carry On Regardless and Carry On Cruising) the highpoint being his second, Carry On Nurse, which was the UK's top-grossing film of 1959. Hudis decided to move permanently to the United States in 1966 as he had received offers of work following the successful American release of Carry On Nurse. His American television writing credits include, The Wild Wild West,  The F.B.I.,  The Man From U.N.C.L.E., Hawaii Five-O, Cannon and Baretta.
<British_Rail>	British Railways (BR), which from 1965 traded as British Rail, was a state-owned company that operated most of the overground rail transport in Great Britain from 1948 to 1997. It was formed from the nationalisation of the Big Four British railway companies, and was privatised in stages between 1994 and 1997. Originally a trading brand of the Railway Executive of the British Transport Commission, it became an independent statutory corporation in January 1963, when it was formally renamed the British Railways Board.The period of nationalisation saw sweeping changes in the railway. A process of dieselisation and electrification took place, and by 1968 steam locomotives had been entirely replaced by diesel and electric traction, except for the Vale of Rheidol Railway (a narrow-gauge tourist line). Passengers replaced freight as the main source of business, and one-third of the network was closed by the Beeching cuts of the 1960s in an effort to reduce rail subsidies.
<Gairdner_Foundation_International_Award>	The Canada Gairdner International Award is given annually by the Gairdner Foundation at a special dinner to five individuals for outstanding discoveries or contributions to medical science. Receipt of the Gairdner is traditionally considered a precursor to winning the Nobel Prize in Medicine; as of 2020, 95 Nobel Prizes have been awarded to prior Gairdner recipients.Canada Gairdner International Awards are given annually in the amount of $100,000 (each) payable in Canadian funds and can be awarded to residents of any country in the world. A joint award may be given for the same discovery or contribution to medical science, but in that case each awardee receives a full prize.
<George_Blumenthal_(banker)>	George Blumenthal (April 7, 1858 – June 26, 1941) was a German-born banker who served as the head of the U.S branch of Lazard Frères.Blumenthal was born in Frankfurt am Main in 1858 to Hermann Blumenthal and Helene Hickel.
<Arthur_B._Rubinstein>	Arthur Benjamin Rubinstein (March 31, 1938 – April 23, 2018) was an American Emmy Award-winning composer. He composed several television series soundtracks and songs for film scores. He was frequently hired by film director John Badham, and the majority of his movie soundtracks are found in Badham's work, including Whose Life Is It Anyway? (1981), WarGames (1983), Blue Thunder (1983), Stakeout (1987), The Hard Way (1991), Another Stakeout (1993), and Nick of Time (1995). He was also member of the band The Beepers.In 1983 Rubinstein created the score to Blue Thunder (which he composed, conducted and produced) using various synthesizers, a popular instrument of the 80's era. In the score Rubinstein used these synthesizers in a symphonic manner by combining them with brass, percussion and string ensembles. Using the Synclavier II (a digital computer instrument) and dubbing this with both the Jupiter, the Prophet and the Moog analog synthesizers. Rubinstein also created a very unusual sound by placing a microphone inside a large empty water bottle and placing it underneath a Steinway grand piano.His many other film and TV movie scores include The Great Bank Hoax (1978), The Great American Traffic Jam (1980), On the Right Track (1981), The Phoenix (1982), Deal of the Century (1983), The Cartier Affair (1984), It Came Upon the Midnight Clear (1984), Lost in America (1985), Murder in Space (1985), The Best of Times (1986), Hyper Sapien: People from Another Star (1986), Love Among Thieves (1987), Conspiracy: The Trial of the Chicago 8 (1987), Once Upon a Texas Train (1988), Inherit the Wind (1988), several Season Two episodes of The Simpsons and Dead Man's Island (1996).
<The_Pale_King>	The Pale King is an unfinished novel by David Foster Wallace, published posthumously on April 15, 2011. It was planned as Wallace's third novel, and the first since Infinite Jest in 1996, but it was not completed at the time of his death. Before his suicide in 2008, Wallace organized the manuscript and associated computer files in a place where they would be found by his widow, Karen Green, and his agent, Bonnie Nadell. That material was compiled by his friend and editor Michael Pietsch into the form that was eventually published. Wallace had been working on the novel for over a decade. Even incomplete, The Pale King is a long work, with 50 chapters of varying length totaling over 500 pages.The novel was one of the three finalists for the 2012 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction, but no award was given that year.
<Dina_de_Marco>	Dina de Marco (née Dinazar Nuñez Jimenez; July 6, 1937 – June 17, 1998) was a Mexican actress and television director. She studied acting in the Academy of Andrés Soler. Dina de Marco started her career as an actress in 1958, and went on to appear in over 20 soap operas, including success as La Pícara Soñadora, with the late Irán Eory, Eduardo Palomo and Mariana Levy in 1991, Alondra in 1995, Sentimientos Ajenos in 1996. Her last soap opera, Esmeralda, was made in 1997.[citation needed]She was a wife of the actor and director Rafael Banquells. Her children are José Manuel, Rocío, Janette, Mary Paz, Rafael Jr. and Ariadne. She died of cancer on 17 June 1998.[citation needed]
<Stuttgart>	Stuttgart (German: [ˈʃtʊtɡaʁt] (listen); Swabian: Schduagert [ˈʒ̊d̥ua̯ɡ̊ɛʕd̥]; names in other languages) is the capital and largest city of the German state of Baden-Württemberg. It is located on the Neckar river in a fertile valley known as the Stuttgarter Kessel (Stuttgart Cauldron) and lies an hour from the Swabian Jura and the Black Forest. Stuttgart has a population of 635,911, making it the sixth largest city in Germany. 2.8 million people live in the city's administrative region and 5.3 million people in its metropolitan area, making it the fourth largest metropolitan area in Germany. The city and metropolitan area are consistently ranked among the top 20 European metropolitan areas by GDP; Mercer listed Stuttgart as 21st on its 2015 list of cities by quality of living; innovation agency 2thinknow ranked the city 24th globally out of 442 cities in its Innovation Cities Index; and the Globalization and World Cities Research Network ranked the city as a Beta-status global city in their 2020 survey. Stuttgart was one of the host cities for the official tournaments of the 1974 and 2006 FIFA World Cups.Stuttgart is unusual in the scheme of German cities. It is spread across a variety of hills (some of them covered in vineyards), valleys (especially around the Neckar river and the Stuttgart basin) and parks. The city is known as the "cradle of the automobile". As such, it is home to famous automobile museums like the Mercedes-Benz Museum and Porsche Museum, as well as numerous auto-enthusiast magazines, which contributes to Stuttgart's status as Germany's "Autohauptstadt" ("car capital city"). The city's tourism slogan is "Stuttgart offers more". Under current plans to improve transport links to the international infrastructure (as part of the Stuttgart 21 project), Stuttgart unveiled a new city logo and slogan in March 2008, describing itself as "Das neue Herz Europas" ("The new Heart of Europe"). For business, it describes itself as "Where business meets the future". In July 2010, the city unveiled a new logo, designed to entice more business people to stay in the city and enjoy breaks in the area.
<Renato_Salvatori>	Renato Salvatori (20 March 1933 – 27 March 1988) was an Italian actor.Born in Seravezza, Province of Lucca, Salvatori began his career in his teens playing juvenile, romantic roles. After working with directors such as Luchino Visconti, Roberto Rossellini and Vittorio De Sica, he developed into one of Italy's strongest characters actors.
<Deadwood_'76>	Deadwood '76 is a 1965 American Techniscope Western film directed by James Landis and starring Arch Hall Jr. and Jack Lester.A drifter, Billy May (Arch Hall Jr.) arrives in Deadwood, South Dakota. A child misidentifies him as Billy the Kid and the town turns against him. He becomes a fugitive chased by Wild Bill Hickok. He runs into his long lost father who was a Civil War Veteran for the Confederacy. His father has made friends with a tribe of Indians and admires the leadership of the elders in the tribe. He plans on joining forces and tries to get Billy to join but Billy is not interested. He is interested in finding gold and living in peace however that is not what is in store for poor Billy.
<C._V._Raman>	Sir Chandrasekhara Venkata Raman FRS (/ˈrɑːmən/; 7 November 1888 – 21 November 1970) was an Indian physicist known for his work in the field of light scattering. Using a spectrograph that he developed, he and his student K. S. Krishnan discovered that when light traverses a transparent material, the deflected light changes its wavelength and frequency. This phenomenon, a hitherto unknown type of scattering of light, which they called "modified scattering" was subsequently termed the Raman effect or Raman scattering. Raman received the 1930 Nobel Prize in Physics for the discovery and was the first Asian to receive a Nobel Prize in any branch of science.Born to Tamil Brahmin parents, Raman was a precocious child, completing his secondary and higher secondary education from St Aloysius' Anglo-Indian High School at the ages of 11 and 13, respectively. He topped the bachelor's degree examination of the University of Madras with honours in physics from Presidency College at age 16. His first research paper, on diffraction of light, was published in 1906 while he was still a graduate student. The next year he obtained a master's degree. He joined the Indian Finance Service in Calcutta as Assistant Accountant General at age 19. There he became acquainted with the Indian Association for the Cultivation of Science (IACS), the first research institute in India, which allowed him to carry out independent research and where he made his major contributions in acoustics and optics.
<Royal_Military_College,_Duntroon>	The Royal Military College, Duntroon, also known simply as Duntroon, is the Australian Army's officer training establishment. It was founded at Duntroon, in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory, in 1911 and is at the foot of Mount Pleasant near Lake Burley Griffin, close to the Department of Defence headquarters at Russell Hill. It is comparable to the United Kingdom's Royal Military Academy Sandhurst and the United States Military Academy at West Point. Duntroon is adjacent to the Australian Defence Force Academy (ADFA), which is Australian Defence Force's tri-service military academy that provides military and tertiary academic education for junior officers of the Australian Army, Royal Australian Air Force and the Royal Australian Navy.The Royal Military College, Duntroon, was opened on 27 June 1911 by the Governor-General, Lord Dudley. Situated on the Campbell family homestead in Canberra, which had been named "Duntroon" (1833) after Duntrune Castle—their ancestral home on Loch Crinan in Argyll, Scotland—the college was one of the first Commonwealth facilities established in the newly created capital. The Australian Government first rented the Duntroon homestead for two years (November 1910 – July 1912) and finally acquired the freehold to the estate and 150 hectares (370 acres) after the creation of the federal capital.
<América_Futebol_Clube_(MG)>	América Futebol Clube (also known as América Mineiro, Coelho or simply América) is a Brazilian football team from the city of Belo Horizonte, capital city of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. Founded in 1912, the club preserves its name and crest since its inception. The original home kit colours are white and green only; the black color was incorporated in the 1970s.The team also played with a red home kit between 1933 and 1942, as a protest to the introduction of professionalism.It hosts its matches at Independência stadium, being the only professional club in Belo Horizonte to have its own stadium.The club has the third largest fan base among the teams from Minas Gerais.América is one of the most traditional and successful teams from Minas Gerais. It has won the state championship 16 times, and finished as runners-up in another 16 occasions.The first 10 victories were in a row, between 1916 and 1925, being the national record of successive accomplishments (together with ABC); the most recent was in 2016.Other major accomplishments were the Brazilian Second Division in 1997 and 2017, South-Minas Cup in 2000, and  Brazilian Third Division in 2009.
<Harold_B._Hartley>	Brigadier-General Sir Harold Brewer Hartley GCVO, CH, CBE, MC, FRS (3 September 1878 – 9 September 1972) was a British physical chemist. He moved from academia to important positions in business and industry, including serving as Chairman of the British Overseas Airways Corporation.He was the only child of the collector and bibliophile Harold T. Hartley (1851–1943). His mother died in 1884 when he was a young child and his father later remarried. The future academic was educated at Dulwich College, and Balliol College, Oxford. As a tutor at Balliol, he supervised the research of Edmund Bowen and Cyril Hinshelwood.
<James_Ferguson_(anthropologist)>	James Ferguson (born June 16, 1959) is an American anthropologist. He is known for his work on the politics and anthropology of international development, specifically his critical stance (development criticism). He was chair of the Anthropology Department at Stanford University. His best-known work is his book, The Anti-Politics Machine. He delivered the most prestigious lecture in anthropology, the Morgan Lecture, in 2009, for his work on basic income. He earned his B.A. in cultural anthropology from the University of California, Santa Barbara and an M.A. and Ph.D. in social anthropology from Harvard University.This article about an American anthropologist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Agata_Kornhauser-Duda>	Agata Kornhauser-Duda (born 2 April 1972) is a Polish former teacher and the current First Lady of Poland. She is married to the president of Poland, Andrzej Duda.Kornhauser was born in Kraków, the child of Julian Kornhauser, Polish of Jewish descent writer, translator and literary critic and Alicja Wojna, a Polish philologist. She has one brother, Jakub, a poet and translator.She has been married to Andrzej Duda since 21 December 1994. Together they have one daughter, Kinga, born in 1995, a law student.
<Charles_H._Townes>	Charles Hard Townes (July 28, 1915 – January 27, 2015) was an American physicist. Townes worked on the theory and application of the maser, for which he obtained the fundamental patent, and other work in quantum electronics associated with both maser and laser devices.  He shared the 1964 Nobel Prize in Physics with Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov. Townes was an adviser to the United States Government, meeting every US president from Harry S. Truman (1945) to Bill Clinton (1999).He directed the US government's Science and Technology Advisory Committee for the Apollo lunar landing program. After becoming a professor of the University of California, Berkeley in 1967, he began an astrophysical program that produced several important discoveries, for example, the black hole at the center of the Milky Way galaxy.
<Rhys_Weston>	Rhys David Weston (born 27 October 1980) is a Welsh former professional footballer who played as a defender. He represented the Welsh national football team seven times during his career.An Arsenal Academy graduate, he made one league appearance in the 1999–2000 campaign, before signing with Cardiff City. He spent six years with Cardiff, making 214 appearances in league and cup, helping them to two promotions as the club rose from the fourth to the second tier of English football. Released by the club in 2006, he travelled to Norway to sign with Viking FK, though he only played one game. In 2007, he returned to England with spells at Walsall and Port Vale. He moved to Scottish club Dundee in 2010 and captained the side to a second-place finish in the First Division in 2011–12. In May 2012, he joined Icelandic club KR Reykjavík. Five months later he signed for Malaysian club Sabah FA. He returned to England with AFC Wimbledon in July 2013, and from there was loaned out to Sutton United in January 2014. He was released by Wimbledon on his return and subsequently retired from professional football.
<Booker_T_(wrestler)>	Booker T. Huffman Jr. (born March 1, 1965), better known by his ring name Booker T, is an American professional wrestler and color commentator. He is currently signed to WWE where he serves as a commentator on the NXT brand, and is also the owner and founder of the independent promotion Reality of Wrestling (ROW) in Texas City, Texas. Booker has been frequently named by peers and industry commentators as one of the greatest professional wrestlers of all time; he was voted WWE's greatest World Heavyweight Champion in a 2013 viewer poll.Booker is known for his time in World Championship Wrestling (WCW), the World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWF/E), and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA - now known as Impact Wrestling), holding 35 championships between those organizations. He is the most decorated wrestler in WCW history, having held 21 titles, including a record six WCW World Television Championships (along with being the first African American titleholder), and a record 11 WCW World Tag Team Championships: 10 as one half of Harlem Heat with his brother, Lash "Stevie Ray" Huffman in WCW (most reigns within that company), and one in the WWF with Test. Booker was the final WCW World Heavyweight Champion and WCW United States Heavyweight Champion under the WCW banner.
<Everton_F.C.>	Everton Football Club (/ˈɛvərtən/) is an English professional association football club based in Liverpool that competes in the Premier League, the top tier of English football. The club was a founder member of the Football League in 1888 and has competed in the top division for a record 119 seasons, having missed only four top-flight seasons (1930–31, 1951–52, 1952–53 and 1953–54). Everton is the second-longest continuous serving club in English top flight football and ranks third in the all-time points rankings. The club has won nine league titles, five FA Cups, one European Cup Winners' Cup and nine Charity Shields.Formed in 1878, Everton won their first League Championship during the 1890–91 season. After winning four more League championships and two FA Cups, the club experienced a post-World War II lull until a revival in the 1960s. A period of sustained success came in the mid-1980s, when Everton won a further two League championships, one FA Cup, and the 1985 European Cup Winners' Cup. The club's most recent major trophy was the 1995 FA Cup.
<Shirley_Williams>	Shirley Vivian Teresa Brittain Williams, Baroness Williams of Crosby, CH, PC (née  Catlin; 27 July 1930 – 12 April 2021) was a British politician and academic. Originally a Labour Party Member of Parliament (MP), she served in the Labour cabinet from 1974 to 1979. She was one of the "Gang of Four" rebels who founded the Social Democratic Party (SDP) in 1981 and, at the time of her retirement from politics, was a Liberal Democrat.Williams was elected to the House of Commons for Hitchin in the 1964 general election. She served as Minister for Education and Science from 1967 to 1969 and Minister of State for Home Affairs from 1969 to 1970. She served as Shadow Home Secretary from 1971 and 1973. In 1974, she became Secretary of State for Prices and Consumer Protection in Harold Wilson's cabinet. When Wilson was succeeded by James Callaghan, she served as Secretary of State for Education and Science and Paymaster General from 1976 to 1979. She lost her seat to the Conservative Party at the 1979 general election.
<The_Middle_of_the_World_(1974_film)>	The Middle of the World (French: Le Milieu du monde) is a 1974 Swiss-French romance film directed by Alain Tanner. The film was selected as the Swiss entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 47th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee. It was screened at the 2011 International Filmfestival Mannheim-Heidelberg.The married young Swiss politician Paul gives an election speech in a restaurant and falls in love with an Italian waitress named Adriana who works there. Their love affair becomes quickly public knowledge. Paul's wife abandons him and takes their child with her. His damaged reputation makes him lose the election. He seeks solace by concentrating on his relationship with Adriana, yet she feels she was only a kind of object for him and leaves him too.
<Deanne_Pandey>	Deanne Panday (born 10 December 1968) is an Indian wellness coach and author.She is of Scottish descent.
<Lyon>	Lyon, also spelled in English as Lyons, is the third-largest city and second-largest metropolitan area of France. It is located at the confluence of the rivers Rhône and Saône, to the northwest of the French Alps, 391 km (243 mi) southeast of Paris, 278 km (173 mi) north of Marseille, 113 km (70 mi) southwest of Geneva, 50 km (31 mi) northeast of Saint-Étienne.The City of Lyon proper had a population of 522,969 in 2019 within its small municipal territory of 48 km2 (19 sq mi), but together with its suburbs and exurbs the Lyon metropolitan area had a population of 2,280,845 that same year, the second most populated in France. Lyon and 58 suburban municipalities have formed since 2015 the Metropolis of Lyon, a directly elected metropolitan authority now in charge of most urban issues, with a population of 1,411,571 in 2019. Lyon is the prefecture of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region and seat of the Departmental Council of Rhône (whose jurisdiction, however, no longer extends over the Metropolis of Lyon since 2015).
<Sell_Hall>	Sellers McKee Hall (June 15, 1888 – February 13, 1951) was the first African-American music promoter to be based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, as well as professional player and executive in Negro league baseball.During the 1920s and 1930s, as the manager of the city's Pythian Temple, he brought the biggest names in jazz to the city for his popular dances that drew crowds of 1,500 to 2,000. Several of the acts that Hall booked include Duke Ellington, Count Basie, Fletcher Henderson, Billy Eckstine, Cab Calloway and Don Redman. Hall was also a rivals with Gus Greenlee, the owner of the Crawford Grill and the Pittsburgh Crawfords, and Cumberland Posey, the owner of the Homestead Grays. During the off-season from baseball Hall worked as an nightclub manager and dance promoter.  He also worked as a writer for the Pittsburgh Courier in 1912.Hall became a multi-sport athletic star excelling in track, football, basketball, and baseball playing for Pittsburgh's Central High School. Upon graduation, he took a job at the United States Postal Service, however he continued his athletic career playing for sandlot and semi-pro teams in baseball, football, and basketball. He also competed in independent track meets as a short distance runner and a jumper. Sell became a star pitcher with the independent club team Pittsburgh Colored Collegians in 1913, with his brother, Howard 'Ram" Hall, serving as his catcher. The Collegians were the then-chief rivals of Homestead Grays. He joined the Daddy Clay's Giants in April 1917, and was then signed by Cumberland Posey to play for the Grays in 1917 and 1918. Sell left the Grays at the end of the 1918 season, when he was recruited by Rube Foster to pitch for the Chicago American Giants. However, he returned to pitch for the Grays in 1938 for an old-timers game celebrating the Grays 25th anniversary.
<Charlie_Bartlett>	Charlie Bartlett is a 2007 American comedy-drama film directed by Jon Poll. The screenplay by Gustin Nash focuses on a teenager who begins to dispense therapeutic advice and prescription drugs to the student body at his new high school in order to become popular.The film premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival on May 1, 2007, and was shown at the Cannes Film Market, the Maui Film Festival, and the Cambridge Film Festival before going into theatrical release in the United States and Canada on August 3, 2007. The film received mixed reviews from critics and grossed just $5 million against its $12 million budget.The son of a depressed but doting mother (Hope Davis) and a father who is serving time for tax evasion, wealthy teenager Charlie Bartlett (Anton Yelchin) — after being expelled from several private academies for various infractions — enrolls in a public school run by embittered alcoholic Principal Nathan Gardner (Robert Downey Jr.), who was formerly a history teacher. Unable to fit in with most of his fellow students, Charlie is diagnosed with ADHD. He forms an alliance with school bully Murphy Bivens (Tyler Hilton) and offers him half the proceeds from the sale of a variety of prescription drugs Charlie obtains by feigning physical and emotional symptoms during sessions with different psychiatrists.
<Bonnie_Langford>	Bonita Melody Lysette "Bonnie" Langford (born 22 July 1964) is an English actress, dancer and singer. She came to prominence as a child star in the 1970s, when she had a notable role in the TV series Just William. In the 1980s, she played companion Mel Bush in Doctor Who. She has also been known for appearing in various musicals in the West End and on Broadway, including shows such as Peter Pan, Cats, The Pirates of Penzance and Chicago. From 2015 to 2018, she portrayed the role of Carmel Kazemi on the BBC soap opera EastEnders, for which she received the 2016 British Soap Award for Best Newcomer.Bonnie Langford attended the Arts Educational School, St Catherine's School, Twickenham and the Italia Conti Academy stage school. She first came to public attention when, aged six years old, she won the talent show Opportunity Knocks. This led to the role of Scarlett O'Hara's daughter in the London production of Scarlett (1972), and work in the 1974 Broadway revival of Gypsy starring Angela Lansbury, in the 1976 film Bugsy Malone, the 1977 film Wombling Free, and to still greater fame playing Violet Elizabeth Bott in the 1977-78 television series Just William. During this time, she was appearing as a regular on a children's prime-time show made by Yorkshire Television called Junior Showtime, along with child stars Lena Zavaroni, Neil Reid, Perry Cree, and Glynn Poole among others.
<Samuel_Dash>	Samuel Dash (February 27, 1925 – May 29, 2004) was an American lawyer. He was chief counsel for the Senate Watergate Committee during the Watergate scandal. Dash became famous for his televised interrogations during the hearings held by the United States Congress on the Watergate incident.Dash was born in Camden, New Jersey, to Joseph and Ida Dash (originally Dashevsky), Jewish immigrants from the Soviet Union. His family later moved to Philadelphia.He graduated from Central High School in Philadelphia and went on to study at Temple University. He interrupted his studies when at the age of 18, with the United States engaged in fighting World War II, Dash enlisted in the Army Air Corps and served as a bombardier navigator, flying missions over Italy. After the war, he finished his undergraduate degree at Temple University in 1947. Dash then studied at Harvard Law School where he gained his degree in 1950.
<Enoch_Sontonga>	Enoch Mankayi Sontonga (c. 1873 – 18 April 1905) was a South African composer, who is best known for writing the Xhosa hymn "Nkosi Sikelel' iAfrika" (English: "God Bless Africa"), which, in abbreviated version, has been sung as the first half of the national anthem of South Africa since 1994. Previously, it had been the official anthem of the African National Congress since 1925. It was also adopted by South Africa's newly formed northern neighbour, Zimbabwe and translated into Shona, "Ishe Komborera Afrika" from 1980 until 1994.Sontonga, a Xhosa, was born in the city of Uitenhage in the Eastern Cape Colony. He trained as a teacher at the Lovedale Institution and subsequently worked as a teacher and choirmaster at the Methodist Mission school in Nancefield, near Johannesburg for eight years.
<Gauri_Khan>	Gauri Khan (née Chhibber; born 8 October 1970) is an Indian film producer and fashion designer. She has produced films including Main Hoon Na, Om Shanti Om and Chennai Express under the production company Red Chillies Entertainment that she co-founded in 2002 with her husband, actor Shah Rukh Khan. Khan is also an interior designer who has designed spaces for high-profile individuals such as Mukesh Ambani, Roberto Cavalli and Ralph Lauren, as well as celebrities. In 2018, Khan was named as one of Fortune magazine's "50 Most Powerful Women".
<Nouria_Hernandez>	Nouria Hernandez is a Swiss biologist and the rector of the University of Lausanne (since 1 August 2016). She was professor of molecular biology at the University of Lausanne from 2004 to 2016.Nouria Hernandez studied at the University of Geneva (diploma in 1980) and received a doctorate from the University of Heidelberg (in 1983). From 1983 to 1986, she then worked at the Yale University. In 1987, she was nominated group leader at the Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory and, in 1988, became professor at the Watson School of Biological Sciences.
<Leyton_Orient_F.C.>	Leyton Orient Football Club is a professional football club based in Leyton, East London, England, who compete in EFL League Two, the fourth tier of the English football league system. They are the second oldest football club in London to play at a professional level, and are known to their fans by their nickname "the O's". The club's home colours are all red. They have played home matches at Brisbane Road since 1937, having previously played at Millfields and Lea Bridge Road.Founded in 1881 as the Glyn Cricket Club, they began playing football as Orient in 1888 and joined the London League in 1896 after success in the Clapton & District League. The club adopted the name Clapton Orient two years later and were elected into the Football League in 1905. Relegated out of the Second Division in 1929, the club finally settled on the name Leyton Orient after World War II. They won the Third Division South title in 1955–56 and secured promotion out of the Second Division in 1961–62, though were relegated out of the First Division after just one season, and suffered a further relegation in 1966. That November the club's name reverted to Orient F.C. and they went on to win the Third Division under the stewardship of Jimmy Bloomfield in 1969–70. Orient spent the 1970s playing in the second tier, winning two London Challenge Cups and reaching the 1977 Anglo-Scottish Cup final and 1977–78 FA Cup semi-finals, before being relegated in 1982 and again in 1985.
<Birmingham_International_Holdings>	Birmingham Sports Holdings (Chinese: 伯明翰體育控股有限公司) is an investment holding company owned by Chinese businessman Paul Suen through his investment company Trillion Trophy Asia.Registered in the Cayman Islands, Grandtop International Holdings Limited (GIH), through its subsidiaries (Dollar Concept International Ltd., Fanlink Far East Ltd., Sun Ace Group Ltd., Leader Ahead Investments Ltd., East Step Trading Ltd. and Gala Consultants Group Limited.), engages in sourcing and trading apparel. It is involved in trading sportswear and other apparel, and provision of entertainment services in Hong Kong, Macau, and the United Kingdom. The company is based in Central, Hong Kong.
<Buddy_Corlett>	Charles Armistice "Buddy" Corlett MBE (11 November 1921 − 9 May 2015) was a New Zealand sportsman. Born in Canada, he emigrated to New Zealand and represented his adopted country in both softball and basketball. He married New Zealand's first female Olympic gold medallist, Yvette Williams, in 1954.Born in the Canadian province of Alberta in 1921, Corlett emigrated to New Zealand, where he was a noted softball player. A third baseman known for his strong throw, he represented Auckland for 15 years, and also represented New Zealand. He also played for the New Zealand national basketball team.
<Royal_Society_of_Edinburgh>	The Royal Society of Edinburgh is Scotland's national academy of science and letters. It is a registered charity that operates on a wholly independent and non-partisan basis and provides public benefit throughout Scotland. It was established in 1783. As of 2021[update], there are around 1,800 Fellows.The Society covers a broader selection of fields than the Royal Society of London, including literature and history. Fellowship includes people from a wide range of disciplines – science & technology, arts, humanities, medicine, social science, business, and public service.
<Jane_Marsh_Beveridge>	Jane Marsh Beveridge (born Jane Smart; December 2, 1915 – September 16, 1998) was a Canadian director, producer, editor, composer, screenwriter, teacher and sculptor. She was best known as one of the pioneering filmmakers at the National Film Board of Canada (NFB). Jane Smart was born in Ottawa, Ontario to Russel S. Smart and Emma Louise ("Louie") Parr; her father was a successful, self-made patent attorney. Russell and Louise had four children: Helen (b. 1909), Elizabeth (b. 1913), Jane (b. 1915) and Russell Jr. (b. 1921).The family had a summer house, which they named "The Barge", on Kingsmere Lake located next door to the future Prime Minister of Canada, William Lyon Mackenzie King.  Jane grew up among the social elite of Ottawa through her father's connections as a lawyer. Her mother often hosted parties for prominent politicians and civil servants. As a result, the children socialized with many members of Ottawa's political class who were or would become important figures in Canadian history, including acquaintances such as Graham Spry, Charles Ritchie, Lester B. Pearson and William Lyon Mackenzie King. The three girls were very close, and when they made their debut in society events, "all clever and all attractive", were inevitably known as the "Three Smart Girls", aping the title of the 1936 Deanna Durbin film of the same name.
<Ismael_Santiago>	Ismael Santiago López López (born 27 February 1978), sometimes known simply as Ismael, is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as an attacking midfielder.During ten seasons, he amassed Segunda División totals of 276 matches and 28 goals in representation of eight clubs, mainly Murcia and Xerez (two years apiece).Born in Jaén, Andalusia, López started playing for FC Barcelona's B-team, representing the side in the second and third divisions. He moved to Deportivo Alavés in 1998, making his La Liga debut on 25 October 1998 in a 0–1 home loss against CF Extremadura, but he was not very successful there, finishing the season with CD Logroñés also in the second level.
<Lyle_Franklin_Lane>	Lyle Franklin Lane (September 19, 1926 – December 26, 2013) was a United States diplomat.Among his overseas posts Ambassador Lane served as the first Chief of Mission of the United States Interests Section in Havana (heading the return of U.S. diplomats to Cuba in 1977),  United States Ambassador to Uruguay, and United States Ambassador to Paraguay.A career diplomat, Lyle Lane joined the United States Foreign Service in 1952. His overseas postings include:
<Karen_Black>	Karen Blanche Black (née Ziegler; July 1, 1939 – August 8, 2013) was an American actress, screenwriter, singer, and songwriter. She rose to prominence for her work in various studio and independent films in the 1970s, frequently portraying eccentric and offbeat characters, and established herself as a figure of New Hollywood. Her career spanned over 50 years and includes nearly 200 credits in both independent and mainstream films. Black received numerous accolades throughout her career, including two Golden Globe Awards, as well as an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress.A native of suburban Chicago, Black studied theater at Northwestern University before dropping out and relocating to New York City. She performed on Broadway in 1965 before making her major film debut in Francis Ford Coppola's You're a Big Boy Now (1966). Black relocated to California and was cast as an LSD-tripping sex worker in Dennis Hopper's road film Easy Rider (1969). That led to a lead in the drama Five Easy Pieces (1970), in which she played a hopeless waitress, for which she was nominated for an Academy Award and won a Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actress. Black made her first major commercial picture with the disaster film Airport 1975 (1974), and her subsequent appearance as Myrtle Wilson in The Great Gatsby (1974) won her a second Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actress.Black starred as a glamorous country singer in Robert Altman's ensemble musical drama Nashville (1975), also writing and performing two songs for the soundtrack, for which she received a nomination for a Grammy Award. Her portrayal of an aspiring actress in John Schlesinger's drama The Day of the Locust (also 1975) earned her a third Golden Globe nomination, this time for Best Actress. Black subsequently took on four roles in Dan Curtis's anthology horror film Trilogy of Terror (1975), followed by Curtis's supernatural horror feature, Burnt Offerings (1976). The same year, she starred as a con artist in Alfred Hitchcock's final film, Family Plot.
<Elaine_Howard_Ecklund>	Elaine Howard Ecklund is the Herbert S. Autrey Chair in Social Sciences and Professor of Sociology in the Rice University Department of Sociology, director of the Boniuk Institute for Religious Tolerance at Rice, and a Rice scholar at the James A. Baker III Institute for Public Policy. She is also a faculty affiliate in the Rice Department of Religion. Ecklund received a B.S. in human development and an M.A. and Ph.D. in sociology from Cornell University. Her research focuses on institutional change in the areas of religion, immigration, science, medicine, and gender. She has authored numerous research articles, as well as five books with Oxford University Press, a book with New York University Press, and a book with Brazos Press. Her latest book is Varieties of Atheism in Science (Oxford University Press, 2021) with author David R. Johnson.Ecklund's 2010 book, Science vs. Religion: What Scientists Really Think, is a systematic study of what scientists actually think and feel about religion. In the course of her research, Ecklund surveyed nearly 1,700 scientists and interviewed 275 of them. Ecklund concluded that "Much of what we believe about the faith lives of elite scientists is wrong. The 'insurmountable hostility' between science and religion is a caricature, a thought-cliche, perhaps useful as a satire on groupthink, but hardly representative of reality."
<Chesham_branch>	The Chesham branch is a single-track railway branch line in Buckinghamshire, England, owned and operated by the London Underground. It runs from a junction at Chalfont & Latimer station on the Metropolitan line for 3.89 miles (6.26 km) northwest to Chesham. The line was built as part of Edward Watkin's scheme to turn his Metropolitan Railway (MR) into a direct rail route between London and Manchester, and it was envisaged initially that a station outside Chesham would be an intermediate stop on a through route running north to connect with the London and North Western Railway (LNWR). Deteriorating relations between the MR and LNWR led to the MR instead expanding to the northwest via Aylesbury, and the scheme to connect with the LNWR was abandoned. By this time much of the land needed for the section of line as far as Chesham had been bought. As Chesham was at the time the only significant town near the MR's new route, it was decided to build the route only as far as Chesham, and to complete the connection with the LNWR at a future date if it proved desirable. Local residents were unhappy at the proposed station site outside Chesham, and a public subscription raised the necessary additional funds to extend the railway into the centre of the town. The Chesham branch opened in 1889.While construction of the Chesham line was underway, the Metropolitan Railway was also expanding to the northwest, and in 1892 the extension to Aylesbury and on to Verney Junction opened. Most trains on the branch line were operating as a shuttle service between Chesham and the main line at Little Chalfont rather than as through trains to London. The opening in 1899 of the Great Central Railway at Marylebone station, Edward Watkin's connection between London and Manchester, as well as the highly successful Metro-land campaign encouraging Londoners to move to the rural areas served by the railway, led to an increase in traffic in the area, although the Chesham branch was less affected by development than most other areas served by the railway. In 1933 the Metropolitan Railway was taken into public ownership and became the Metropolitan line of the London Underground. London Underground aimed to concentrate on their core business of passenger transport in London, and saw the rural and freight lines in Buckinghamshire as an expensive anomaly. The day-to-day operation of the Chesham branch was transferred to the London and North Eastern Railway, although London Transport retained control. In 1960 the line was electrified, and from 1962 on was operated by London Underground A Stock trains.
<Memoirs_of_a_Geisha>	Memoirs of a Geisha is a historical fiction novel by American author Arthur Golden, published in 1997. The novel, told in first person perspective, tells the story of Nitta Sayuri and the many trials she faces on the path to becoming and working as a geisha in Kyoto, Japan, before, during and after World War II.In 2005, a film adaptation was released, directed by Rob Marshall and starring Zhang Ziyi in the lead role.
<Mila_Mulroney>	Milica "Mila" Mulroney (Serbian Cyrillic: Милица "Мила" Пивнички; née Pivnički; born July 13, 1953) is the wife of the 18th Prime Minister of Canada, Brian Mulroney. She was notable for taking on a greater role during her husband's tenure than previous spouses of Canadian prime ministers, for her work for children's charities, and for criticism of her lavish spending habits.Mulroney was born Milica Pivnički to Serbian Orthodox parents Dimitrije "Mita" Pivnički and Bogdanka (née Ilić) in Sarajevo, PR Bosnia-Herzegovina, FPR Yugoslavia. Her first years were spent in the city of Sarajevo where her father practised medicine. In 1956, Dr. Pivnički took a research fellowship position at the Royal Victoria Hospital's Allan Memorial Institute of Psychiatry in Montreal. While his pregnant wife Bogdanka waited to join him, she moved with young Milica back to their hometown of Novi Bečej, Serbia. Finally, two years later, in 1958, she and their two children (five-year-old Milica and one-year-old Jovan) emigrated to Canada and joined Dimitrije in Montreal. Mila, the elder child, studied engineering at Concordia University, but did not graduate.At age 19, she married Brian Mulroney, then a 34-year-old lawyer, on May 26, 1973. Both were involved with the Progressive Conservatives (PC) in Westmount. They have one daughter, Caroline, and three sons, Ben, Mark, and Nicolas. Their youngest child, Nicolas, was born while the family was living in 24 Sussex Drive.
<Peter_Debye_Award>	The Peter Debye Award in Physical Chemistry is awarded annually by the American Chemical Society "to encourage and reward outstanding research in physical chemistry". The award is named after Peter Debye andgranted without regard to age or nationality.
<Lyn_Murray>	Lyn Murray (born Lionel Breeze, August 13, 1909 – May 20, 1989) was a composer, conductor, and arranger of music for radio, film and television.Born in London, Murray was the son of a violinist. Before entering a career in music, Murray was a seaman. He followed that nautical occupation with a stint as a reporter with the Philadelphia Public Ledger. He also attended the Juilliard School.Murray's initial involvement with radio came in Newport News, Virginia. From 1931 to 1937, he was staff conductor and arranger at WCAU in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. From there, he went to CBS, where he conducted, arranged, and composed music from 1934 to 1947.
<Dinamic_Software>	Dinamic Software was a Spanish video game producer and publishing company. It was founded in 1983, and its activity ceased in 1992, comprising the Golden Era of Spanish Software. One year later, a part of its owners founded an independent company named Dinamic Multimedia. At the end of the 1980s, another company, Aventuras AD destined to produce text adventures, was born from Dinamic Software.At the beginning of the 1980s, young brothers Pablo, Nacho and Victor Ruiz had their first contact with computers. In the case of Victor Ruiz, he started with a Sinclair ZX81, creating some amateur self-made games. On their first attempt as a company, they created NCM, which would later become Dinamic. Their original idea was simply to create a team of programmers, they never thought that it would start such an intense commercial activity.On their first months, they created themselves all the code, recorded themselves the programs on tape, designed and printed artboxes and manuals, and distributed them, as well as designing their ads to publish them on newspapers and magazines.  Their official debut was Yenght, a text adventure with graphics for ZX Spectrum, and Artist, a graphic design program, both released in 1983. But their first commercial success would come with the release of Saimazoom in 1984, which would start a trilogy, followed by Babaliba and Abu Simbel Profanation.
<Princess_Jasmine>	Princess Jasmine is a fictional character who appears in Walt Disney Pictures' 31st animated feature film Aladdin (1992). Voiced by American actress Linda Larkin –  with a singing voice provided by Filipina singer Lea Salonga –  Jasmine is the spirited daughter of the Sultan, who has grown weary of her life of palace confinement. Despite an age-old law stipulating that the princess must marry a prince in time for her upcoming birthday, Jasmine is instead determined to marry someone she loves for who he is as opposed to what he owns. Created by screenwriters and directors Ron Clements and John Musker with co-screenwriters Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio, Jasmine is based on Badroulbadour, a princess who appears in the One Thousand and One Nights folktale "Aladdin and the Magical Lamp."Originally conceived as a spoiled, materialistic princess, the writers eventually rewrote Jasmine into a stronger and more prominent heroine following the elimination of Aladdin's mother from the script, while borrowing story elements from the romantic comedy Roman Holiday (1953). Several months after securing the role, Larkin was nearly fired from the project because Disney executive Jeffrey Katzenberg felt that her voice was not suitable for a princess, but Clements and Musker managed to convince him otherwise. Discovered by casting director Albert Tavares, Lea Salonga was cast as Jasmine's singing voice based on her performance in the musical Miss Saigon; this unprecedented casting decision made Jasmine the first Disney Princess to have her speaking and singing voices provided by two different actresses. Animated by Mark Henn, Jasmine's design is an eclectic combination of unique sources, including an anonymous theme park guest, Henn's own sister, and actress Jennifer Connelly.
<Vivien_Merchant>	Ada Brand Thomson (22 July 1929 – 3 October 1982), known professionally as Vivien Merchant, was an English actress. She began her career in 1942, and became known for dramatic roles on stage and in films. In 1956 she married the playwright Harold Pinter and performed in many of his plays.Merchant achieved considerable success from the 1950s to the 1970s, winning the BAFTA TV Award for Best Actress in 1964. For her role in the film Alfie (1966), she received an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress, and won the BAFTA Award for Most Promising Newcomer. In 1967, she starred in the Broadway production of Pinter's The Homecoming, and received a Tony Award nomination. Her other films included Accident (1967), The Offence (1972), Frenzy (1972), The Homecoming (1973), and The Maids (1975). Suffering from depression and alcoholism as her marriage ended, she died in 1982, two years after her divorce.
<Jiang_Qing>	Jiang Qing (19 March 1914 – 14 May 1991), also known as Madame Mao, was a Chinese communist revolutionary, actress, and major political figure during the Cultural Revolution (1966–1976). She was the fourth wife of Mao Zedong, the Chairman of the Communist Party and Paramount leader of China. She used the stage name Lan Ping (藍蘋) during her acting career (which ended in 1938), and was known by many other names. She married Mao in Yan'an in November 1938 and served as the inaugural "First Lady" of the People's Republic of China. Jiang was best known for playing a major role in the Cultural Revolution and for forming the radical political alliance known as the "Gang of Four". Jiang served as Mao's personal secretary in the 1940s and was head of the Film Section of the Communist Party's Propaganda Department in the 1950s. She served as an important emissary for Mao in the early stages of the Cultural Revolution. In 1966, she was appointed deputy director of the Central Cultural Revolution Group. She collaborated with Lin Biao to advance Mao's unique brand of Communist ideology as well as Mao's cult of personality. At the height of the Cultural Revolution, Jiang held significant influence in the affairs of state, particularly in the realm of culture and the arts, and was idolized in propaganda posters as the "Great Flagbearer of the Proletarian Revolution". In 1969, Jiang gained a seat on the Politburo. Before Mao's death, the Gang of Four controlled many of China's political institutions, including the media and propaganda. However, Jiang, deriving most of her political legitimacy from Mao, often found herself at odds with other top leaders. Mao's death in 1976 dealt a significant blow to Jiang's political fortunes. She was arrested in October 1976 by Hua Guofeng and his allies, and was subsequently condemned by party authorities. Since then, Jiang has been officially branded as having been part of the "Lin Biao and Jiang Qing Counter-Revolutionary Cliques" (林彪江青反革命集团), to which most of the blame for the damage and devastation caused by the Cultural Revolution was assigned. Though she was initially sentenced to death, her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment in 1983. After being released for medical treatment, Jiang died by suicide in May 1991.Jiang Qing was born in Zhucheng, Shandong province, on 19 March 1914. Her birth name was Li Shumeng (李淑蒙). Her father was Li Dewen (李德文), a carpenter, and her mother, whose name is unknown, was Li's subsidiary wife, or concubine. Her father had his own carpentry and cabinet making workshop. After Jiang's parents had a violent argument, her mother found work as a domestic servant (some accounts cite that Jiang's mother also worked as a prostitute) and her husband separated from her.
<Suning_Commerce_Group>	Suning.com Co., Ltd. formerly Suning Commerce Group Co., Ltd. is one of the largest non-government retailers in China, headquartered in Nanjing, Jiangsu Province. Suning has more than 10,000 stores nationwide and its e-commerce platform, Suning.com ranks among top three Chinese B2C companies.  The operation categories include physical merchandise, such as home appliances, 3C products, books, general merchandise, household commodities, cosmetics and baby care products, content products and service merchandise with the total number of SKU exceeding 3 million. It was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 2004. In 2021, Suning.com ranked at 328th on the Fortune Global 500 list.Suning.com is ranked 9th on the list of the 15 Fastest Growing Ecommerce Companies in 2020 according to a report published by the international finance website "Insider Monkey", and ranked 2nd in "Total Online Retail Sales" in China.Suning Commerce Group Co., Ltd. principally operates franchised retail shops of electronics appliances in China. The Company mainly offers colour televisions (TVs), audio and video (AV) players, disc players, refrigerators, washing machines, digital and information technology (IT) products, small household electronics, air conditioners, telecommunications products and other products. The company also provides installation and repair services for electronic appliances. As of December 31, 2010, the company had 1,311 stores in 231 cities across China.As of June 30, 2020, after the acquisition of the Carrefour supermarket network in China, Suning.Com owned 2,756 stores of various types:
<Radio_Mindanao_Network>	Radio Mindanao Network, Inc. (RMN), d.b.a. RMN Networks or RMN Network, is a Filipino media company based in Makati, Philippines. It is primarily involved is one of the largest radio networks. Its corporate office is located at the 4th Floor State Condominium I Bldg, Salcedo St., Legaspi Village, Makati, and its main headquarters are located at the RMN Broadcast Center (Canoy Bldg.), Don Apolinario Velez St., Cagayan de Oro. while the radio studios are located in Guadalupe, Makati and Greenhills, San Juan City.The network's first radio station was DXCC (which also serves as the network's flagship station) established in Cagayan de Oro in Mindanao on August 28, 1952. The callsign has been supposed as a reference to the surnames of the business' founders (Canoy and Cui) but, according to founder Henry Canoy in his memoir, was actually chosen to mean Cagayan de Oro City.
<Heinrich_Ernst_Schirmer>	Heinrich Ernst Schirmer (27 August 1814 – 6 December 1887) was a German-born architect most noted for his work in Norway.Schirmer worked in Norway from 1838 to 1883 and left his mark on a number of public buildings. He contributed significantly to the introduction of the so-called Swiss architectural style in Norway, based partly on Italian villa style, Gothic Revival, and neoclassicism.Schirmer was born in Leipzig, Germany. He was the son of Johan Gottlieb Schirmer and Johanne Sophie Kühne. He was the father of architect Adolf Schirmer. He received his architectural education at art academies in Dresden from 1831 to 1834, and in Munich from 1834 to 1837. In Munich he was influenced by German neoclassicist architect Leo von Klenze and his nation-building and urban design ideas.Schirmer was construction manager for the rebuilding of the Oslo Cathedral between 1849 and 1850. In 1853 he entered into a partnership with fellow German-born architect Wilhelm von Hanno. Their partnership lasted until 1864. Among their works were Gaustad Hospital, Tangen Church (1854), Vestre Aker Church (1853–1855) and Østre Aker Church (1857–1860). Schirmer and Hanno designed all stations on Norway's first railway line, the Hoved Line between Christiania and Eidsvoll, finished in 1854. His partnership with Hanno ended in 1864. 
<Grazi_Massafera>	Grazielli "Grazi" Soares Massafera (born 28 June 1982) is a Brazilian actress and former model.In 2004, Massafera won the Miss Paraná Beauty pageant contest, and represented the state in that year's Miss Brasil contest. She finished third, which earned her the title of "Miss Brasil Internacional", and gave her entry into the Miss International contest, held annually in China. In the international pageant, Massafera did not reach the semi-finals. In 2016, she was nominated for the International Emmy Award for Best Actress for her role in the telenovela Verdades Secretas.
<Wrexham_A.F.C.>	Wrexham Association Football Club (Welsh: Clwb Pêl-droed Wrecsam) is a Welsh professional association football club based in Wrexham, Wales. The team competes in the National League, the fifth tier of the English football league system. Formed in 1864, they are the oldest club in Wales and the third oldest professional association football team in the world.The club initially participated in friendlies and cup competitions, and first entered a league by joining The Combination in 1890. They spent 13 seasons in the Combination and two seasons in the Welsh Senior League, winning four Combination titles and two Welsh Senior League titles. They entered the Birmingham & District League in 1905, where they would remain until becoming inaugural members of the Football League's Third Division North in 1921. They spent 47 years in the Northern section until they were placed in the re-organised Third Division in 1958 and then relegated two years later. Wrexham were promoted out of the Fourth Division in 1961–62, only to be relegated again two years later. Another promotion followed in 1969–70 and they reached the second tier for the first time after winning the Third Division title in 1977–78. Two successive relegations saw them back in the fourth tier by 1983 and they took until 1992–93 before seeing another promotion. Relegated once more in 2002, they gained immediate promotion in 2002–03, before worsening financial problems resulted in another relegation and then administration in December 2004. It took 18 months for the club to exit administration and the club's decline on the pitch continued, as they dropped out of the Football League in 2008. Wrexham have been out of the Football League ever since, and have had five unsuccessful play-off campaigns in the fifth tier.
<Milionerzy>	Milionerzy (Millionaires) is a Polish game show based on the original British format of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? The show is hosted by Hubert Urbański. The main goal of the game is to win 1 million Polish zloty by answering twelve multiple-choice questions correctly. There are three basic lifelines - fifty fifty (pół na pół, 50:50), phone a friend (telefon do przyjaciela) and ask the audience (pytanie do publiczności); and also two other lifelines - ask the expert (pytanie do eksperta) and switch the question (zamiana pytania). From March to December 2010 contestant could choose risk game, where the second guaranteed sum (40,000 zł) was not guaranteed. The first series of Milionerzy was broadcast from 3 September 1999 to 26 January 2003, the second version was broadcast from 19 January 2008 to 19 December 2010, and the third version has been broadcast since 9 February 2017. Currently, it is shown every Monday to Thursday at 8:55 p.m (CET +1 or CEST +2) on the Polish commercial television station TVN. The executive producer of the programme was Endemol in the first version, Intergalactic in the second version, and Jake Vision in the third version. Since 2008, when a contestant gets the second question correct, they will leave with 1,000 zł. When a contestant gets the seventh question correct, they will leave with 40,000 zł.In the first version of Milionerzy, there were fifteen questions:In the second and third versions of Milionerzy, there were twelve questions:
<Ron_Fuller_(wrestler)>	Ronald Welch (born March 3, 1948) is a retired professional wrestler and manager better known by his ring names Ron Fuller and Tennessee Stud. He is the elder brother of Robert Fuller ("Col. Robert Parker"). The brothers co-owned Continental Championship Wrestling for a time.At 6'9", Fuller was a basketball stand-out at Briarcliff High School in Atlanta and won a scholarship to the University of Miami where he was a three-year letterman. Upon graduation, he followed in his family's footsteps and became a professional wrestler. He started out with his grandfather and father's promotion in Tennessee and eventually bought it out. In the 1970s and early 1980s, Fuller expanded his territory from Tennessee to the Florida panhandle, naming it Southeastern Championship Wrestling and making it a "hot spot" for Southern wrestling.
<Chandrakant_Sheth>	Chandrakant Sheth (born 3 February 1938) is a Gujarati poet, essayist, critic, translator and compiler from Gujarat, India. His pen names include Aryaputra, Nand Samavedi, Balchadra and Daksh Prajapati. He won the Sahitya Akademi Award for Gujarati in 1986 for his book Dhoolmani Paglio.Sheth was born on 3 February 1938 in Kalol, a village in Panchmahal district to Trikamlal. His family is native to Thasra village of Kheda. He matriculated in 1954, completed BA in 1958, and MA in 1961 from Gujarat University with Gujarati and Sanskrit as his core subjects. He completed his Ph.D. in 1979 from Gujarat Vidyapith with a research thesis on Umashankar Joshi.
<Jim_Grobe>	Jim Britt Grobe (born February 17, 1952) is an American football coach and former player who was most recently the defensive coordinator of the San Antonio Commanders of the Alliance of American Football. His previous position to that was as head football coach at Baylor University. From 2001 to 2013, Grobe served as the head football coach at Wake Forest University. In 2006, he was named ACC Coach of the Year by a unanimous vote and AP Coach of the Year for coaching Wake Forest to an 11–2 regular season and the Atlantic Coast Conference Championship.Grobe earned his undergraduate degree (B.S.) in education from the University of Virginia in 1975 and earned a master's degree in guidance and counseling from Virginia in 1978.  As a player at Virginia in 1973 and 1974, Grobe played middle guard (1973) and linebacker (1974). He was a two-year starter for the Virginia Cavaliers and was named Academic All-ACC.Before enrolling at Virginia, Grobe spent two seasons with Ferrum College, then known as Ferrum Junior College, where he played linebacker on the undefeated Coastal Conference championship team. Grobe earned the Catlin Citizenship Award and the Big Green Award. In the fall of 2002, Grobe was inducted into the Ferrum College Hall of Fame.
<Israel_national_football_team>	The Israel national football team (Hebrew: נבחרת ישראל בכדורגל, romanized: Nivheret Yisra'el BeKaduregel) represents Israel in international football, and is governed by the Israel Football Association (IFA).Israel's national team is the direct successor of the Mandatory Palestine national team, which played five internationals in 1934–1940, and was managed by the Palestine Football Association. The Israel Football Association is a full member of the European Confederation UEFA since 1994.
<Larry_Blyden>	Ivan Lawrence Blieden (June 23, 1925 – June 6, 1975), known as Larry Blyden, was an American actor, stage producer and director, and game show host. He made his Broadway stage debut in 1948 and went on to appear in numerous productions on and off Broadway. In 1972, he won the Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Musical for his performance in the revival of A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum which he also produced. That same year, he became the host of the syndicated revival version of What's My Line?At the time of his death, Blyden was slated to host a new game show, Showoffs. He died of injuries sustained in a single-car accident while vacationing in Morocco on June 6, 1975.
<Huey_Long>	Huey Pierce Long Jr. (August 30, 1893 – September 10, 1935), nicknamed "the Kingfish", was an American politician who served as the 40th governor of Louisiana from 1928 to 1932 and as a United States senator from 1932 until his assassination in 1935. He was a left-wing populist member of the Democratic Party and rose to national prominence during the Great Depression for his vocal criticism of President Franklin D. Roosevelt and his New Deal, which Long deemed insufficiently radical. As the political leader of Louisiana, he commanded wide networks of supporters and often took forceful action. A controversial figure, Long is celebrated as a populist champion of the poor or, conversely, denounced as a fascistic demagogue.Long was born in the impoverished north of Louisiana in 1893. After working as a traveling salesman and briefly attending three colleges, he was admitted to the bar in Louisiana. Following a short career as an attorney, in which he frequently represented poor plaintiffs, Long was elected to the Louisiana Public Service Commission. As Commissioner, he prosecuted large corporations such as Standard Oil, a lifelong target of his rhetorical attacks. After Long successfully argued before the U.S. Supreme Court, Chief Justice and former president William Howard Taft praised him as "the most brilliant lawyer who ever practiced before the United States Supreme Court".
<Johannus>	Johannus Orgelbouw is a Dutch builder of electronic organs for home and church use, located in Ede, Netherlands. The organ manufacturer was founded in 1968 by Johannes (Hans) Versteegt (1928–2011), who had previously designed electronic organs for Eminent and Viscount. The Johannus prototypes were developed in the facility at Prins Hendriklaan in Ede.In 1971 the factory started production at Tuinstraat in Veenendaal and the Johannus organs were introduced at the Firato exhibition in Amsterdam. From there, Johannus organs went all over Europe.In 1976 a new factory was built at Morsestraat 28 in Ede. The factory had an auditorium named after famous Dutch organist Feike Asma (1912–1984). Hans expanded the company’s export activities to the USA, Canada, South Africa, Australia, and other countries. 
<Mike_Caveney>	Michael Douglas Caveney (born June 17, 1950) is an American magician, author, publisher, magic historian and collector. He is a life-member of the Magic Castle in Hollywood and a member of The Magic Circle of London. His work as a magician and publisher spans over four decades. He has appeared onstage or on TV in more than 20 countries worldwide and most of the 50 States.Caveney was raised in the San Gabriel Valley, California. He discovered magic at age nine and as a pre-teen worked for Owen Magic Supreme, where he was paid in magic apparatus. He was a member of the Long Beach Mystics, a club for young magicians, founded in 1955 in Long Beach, California. The club met regularly in the backroom of Brownies Hobby and Magic Shop and produced a myriad of professional magicians including Michael Weber, Stan Allen, Kevin James and Dana Daniels. In 2005, a documentary about the Mystics was created to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the organization.In 1995 he received the "John Nevil Maskelyne Award" for literature by the Magic Circle of London. Four years later he was awarded the "Literary Fellowship Award" by the Academy of Magical Arts at the Magic Castle. In 2006, he was voted "Stage Magician of the Year" and has been nominated as "Lecturer of the Year" several times by that same organization. In 2010, Caveney received a Special Award for History, Research and Scholarship from FISM.
<Alexander_Kirkland>	William Alexander Kirkland (September 15, 1901, Mexico City, Mexico – c. 1986) was a leading man in Hollywood during the early sound era as well as a stage actor who starred in productions of the Group Theatre in New York.Kirkland was born on September 15, 1901, in Mexico City, the son of Robert Gowland Kirkland and Charlotte Megan. He was the grandson of rear admiral William Alexander Kirkland and Consuela Gowland.Kirkland attended the Taft School in Watertown, Connecticut and the University of Virginia. He later attended the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts, and while in Philadelphia, he began his acting career  at the Hedgerow Theatre in Media, Pennsylvania. His first play on Broadway was The Devil to Pay.
<Thomas_Penfield_Jackson>	Thomas Penfield Jackson (January 10, 1937 – June 15, 2013) was an American jurist who served as a United States District federal judge of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia.Born in Washington, D.C., Jackson graduated from Dartmouth College with an Artium Baccalaureus degree in the class of 1958, and from Harvard Law School with a Bachelor of Laws in 1964. He served in the United States Navy from 1958 to 1961. He was in private practice in Washington, D.C. from 1964 to 1982. He served as President of the District of Columbia Bar Association.Jackson was nominated by President Ronald Reagan on May 24, 1982, to a seat on the United States District Court for the District of Columbia vacated by Judge Oliver Gasch. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on June 24, 1982, and received commission on June 25, 1982. He assumed senior status on January 31, 2002. His service terminated on August 31, 2004, due to retirement.
<Alain_Connes>	Alain Connes (French: [alɛ̃ kɔn]; born 1 April 1947) is a French mathematician, and a theoretical physicist, known for his contributions to the study of operator algebras and noncommutative geometry. He is a professor at the Collège de Francecode: fra promoted to code: fr , Institut des Hautes Études Scientifiquescode: fra promoted to code: fr , Ohio State University and Vanderbilt University. He was awarded the Fields Medal in 1982.Source:
<Prince_Aimone,_Duke_of_Apulia>	The Prince of NaplesThe Princess of NaplesThe Dowager Duchess of Aosta
<Sári_Fedák>	Sári Fedák (Born Sarolta Klára Mária Fedák; 27 September 1879, Beregszász present-day Berehove, Ukraine – 05 May 1955, Budapest, Hungary) was a Hungarian actress and singer, one of the most well-known prima donnas of her time. According to American journalist and non-fiction writer Richard Traubner, Fedák and Sári Petráss remain "the two best-remembered Hungarian female operetta stars of all time".She studied acting with Szidi Rákosi until 1899, beginning her career the same year with the Magyar Színház theatre company. Beginning in 1900 she played in Pozsony (now Bratislava), and in several theatres in Budapest, including Népszínház, Király Színház, and Vígszínház. Following World War I, she spoke out against the Austro-Hungarian monarchy. Later, during the era of the Hungarian Soviet Republic she agitated for joining the Red Army.[clarification needed]After the fall of the Republic, Fedák fled to Vienna, but was captured and held in prison at Wiener Neustadt for a short time. As she supported the Republic, she could play in only Vienna from  1920-21. She made appearances in Berlin and Paris in 1921 and 1925. In 1934, she toured several American cities.[clarification needed]
<Glen_Morgan>	Glen Morgan (born July 12, 1961) is an American television producer, writer and director. He is best known for co-writing episodes of the Fox science fiction supernatural drama series The X-Files with his partner, James Wong. He served as an executive producer on the show's eleventh season. He also executive produced The Twilight Zone reboot by Jordan Peele's Monkeypaw Productions.Morgan resided in Syracuse, New York, before moving to El Cajon, California at the age of 14.
<Julie_Anne_Peters>	Julie Anne Peters (born January 16, 1952) is an American author of young adult fiction. Peters has published 20 works, mostly novels, geared toward children and adolescents, many of which feature LGBT characters. In addition to the United States, Peters's books have been published in numerous countries, including South Korea, China, Croatia, Germany, France, Italy, Indonesia, Turkey and Brazil. Her 2004 book Luna was the first young-adult novel with a transgender character to be released by a mainstream publisher.Julie Anne Peters was born in Jamestown, New York, on January 1, 1952. When she was five, her family moved to the suburbs of Denver, Colorado. Her parents divorced when she was in high school. She has three siblings: a brother, John, and two younger sisters, Jeanne and Susan.Peters received a BA in elementary education from Colorado Women's College in 1974, with a minor in French.  She taught fifth grade for a year, until she and the principal agreed that teaching was not the career for her. Peters then returned to school, earning a BS in computer and management science from the Metropolitan State University of Denver in 1985. During the next ten years, Peters worked as a research analyst, computer programmer, and systems engineer. In 1989, Peters earned an MBA from the University of Colorado Denver with emphasis in information systems.
<Helena,_Montana>	Helena (listen; /ˈhɛlənə/) is the capital city of Montana, United States, and the county seat of Lewis and Clark County.Helena was founded as a gold camp during the Montana gold rush, and established on October 30, 1864. Due to the gold rush, Helena would become a wealthy city, with approximately 50 millionaires inhabiting the area by 1888. The concentration of wealth contributed to the city's prominent, elaborate Victorian architecture.
<Propiomazine>	Propiomazine, sold under the brand name Propavan among others, is an antihistamine which is used to treat insomnia and to produce sedation and relieve anxiety before or during surgery or other procedures and in combination with analgesics as well as during labor.[additional citation(s) needed] Propiomazine is a phenothiazine, but is not used therapeutically as a neuroleptic because it does not block dopamine receptors well.[citation needed]Propiomazine has been used in the treatment of insomnia, though little evidence exists to inform its use for this indication.Drowsiness is a usual side effect. Rare, serious side effects include convulsions (seizures); difficult or unusually fast breathing; fast or irregular heartbeat or pulse; fever (high); high or low blood pressure; loss of bladder control; muscle stiffness (severe); unusual increase in sweating; unusually pale skin; and unusual tiredness or weakness.[citation needed]
<Briarcliff_Lodge>	The Briarcliff Lodge was a luxury resort in the village of Briarcliff Manor, New York. It was a notable example of Tudor Revival architecture, and was one of the largest wooden structures in the United States. It was also the first hotel in Westchester County. Walter William Law had it built on his estate, and the Law family owned it until 1937. When the lodge opened in 1902, it was one of the largest resort hotels in the world. The lodge hosted presidents, royalty, and celebrities, and was the scene of numerous memorable occasions for visitors and local residents who attended weddings, receptions, and dances in the ballroom and dining room. For a long time, the lodge was situated among other businesses of Walter Law, including the Briarcliff Farms and Briarcliff Table Water Company.In 1933, the lodge ended year-round service and housed a "health-diet sanitarium" until the Edgewood Park School for Girls began operation there from 1937 to 1954. From 1936 to 1939, the lodge was run again as a hotel in the summer months while the school was closed. From 1955 to 1994, The King's College used the lodge building and built dormitories and academic buildings. Abandoned and unmaintained after 1994, the Briarcliff Lodge was destroyed between 2003 and 2004.
<Alexander_R._Todd>	Alexander Robertus Todd, Baron Todd OM PRS FRSE (2 October 1907 – 10 January 1997) was a British biochemist whose research on the structure and synthesis of nucleotides, nucleosides, and nucleotide coenzymes gained him the Nobel Prize for Chemistry in 1957.Todd was born in Cathcart in outer Glasgow, the son of Alexander Todd, a clerk with the Glasgow Subway, and his wife, Jane Lowry.
<Hammersmith>	Hammersmith is a district of West London, England, 4.3 miles (6.9 km) southwest of Charing Cross. It is the administrative centre of the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham, and identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London.It is bordered by Shepherd's Bush to the north, Kensington to the east, Chiswick to the west, and Fulham to the south, with which it forms part of the north bank of the River Thames. The area is one of west London's main commercial and employment centres, and has for some decades been a major centre of London's Polish community. It is a major transport hub for west London, with two London Underground stations and a bus station at Hammersmith Broadway. 
<John_Grandisson>	John de Grandisson (1292 – 16 July 1369), also spelt Grandison, was Bishop of Exeter, in Devon, England, from 1327 to his death in 1369. Several works of art associated with him survive in the British Library, the British Museum and the Louvre in Paris.Grandisson was born in 1292 at Ashperton near Hereford, the second son of five of Sir William Grandisson (died 1335). Sir William was the heir of Otto de Grandson (died 1328), close personal friend of King Edward I, and head of the English branch of a family that was based at Grandson Castle, now in Switzerland. His mother, Sybil (died 1334), was a younger daughter and co-heir of Sir John de Tregoz.He studied at Oxford in 1306, then from 1313 to 1317 he studied theology at the University of Paris under Jacques Fournier, who later became Pope Benedict XII. He returned to study at Oxford 1326–7. Later in Avignon he became the chaplain and friend of Pope John XXII, who mentored him and sent him on diplomatic missions. The Pope rewarded Grandisson by making him prebendary at York, Wells, and Lincoln, and, in October 1310, Archdeacon of Nottingham.
<SBS_Medianet>	SBS Medianet (Korean: SBS 미디어넷) is a South Korean company by SBS Media Holdings, producing media, broadcast and telecommunication products for non free-to-air networks, including Skylife and 'Cable TV'(KCTA) service providers.
<Coventry_Colliery>	Coventry Colliery was a coal mine located in the village of Keresley End in northern Warwickshire, between Bedworth and Coventry, England. Closed in 1991, the site today has been redeveloped as a distribution park, owned by Prologis.Wyken Collieries Ltd had started to extract coal from coal seams within the Warwickshire Coalfield from 1862, across three mining developments in North Warwickshire:
<Buddy_Fogelson>	Elijah E. "Buddy" Fogelson (February 16, 1900 – December 1, 1987) was an American lawyer, Army colonel, businessman, horse and cattle breeder, and philanthropist. Although born in Lincoln, Nebraska, he spent a large part of his life in Texas, where he attended Texas Christian University in 1919 and 1920. He went on to make a fortune as a wildcatter in the oil industry.In 1941, Buddy Fogelson acquired the Forked Lightning Ranch along the Pecos River about 25 miles (40 km) southeast of Santa Fe, New Mexico on which he raised Santa Gertrudis cattle. Over time, he acquired adjacent parcels of land to swell the size of his ranch to 13,000 acres (53 km²). He married actress Greer Garson in 1949, and their marriage lasted almost 40 years until his death.
<What_Must_Be_Said>	"What Must Be Said" (German: Was gesagt werden muss) is a 2012 prose poem by the German writer Günter Grass, recipient of the 1999 Nobel Prize in Literature.  The poem discusses an alleged threat of annihilation of the Iranian people and the writer's fears that Germany's delivery to Israel of a sixth Dolphin-class submarine capable of carrying nuclear warheads might facilitate an eventual Israeli nuclear attack on Iran, and thus involve his country in a foreseeable crime.The poem was first published on 4 April 2012 by the Süddeutsche Zeitung, La Repubblica and El País, triggering four days later the declaration by Eli Yishai, the Israeli Minister for the Interior, that Grass, who had visited Israel in 1967 and 1971, was now persona non grata.The poem is written in prose and consists of 69 lines in 9 unrhymed stanzas. The basic theme is that it is hypocritical to blame Iran unilaterally for perhaps also having a desire to acquire nuclear weapons when Israel itself has a "growing nuclear potential". Grass adopts the assumption that Israel is plannig a "first strike" preventive war against Iran that could wipe out the Iranian peoples. He deplores the fact that Germany is furnishing Israel with a submarine capable of delivering nuclear bombs, and says no one in the West dares to mention Israel in connection with nuclear weaponry.The author assesses that an attack on Iran would be a crime, to which Germany would become an accomplice.
<Stefan_Nikolić>	Stefan Nikolić may refer to:
<William_Leap>	William Leap is an emeritus professor of anthropology at American University (Washington, DC) and an affiliate professor in the Women's, Gender and Sexuality Studies Program at Florida Atlantic University (Boca Raton, FL). He works in the overlapping fields of language and sexuality studies and queer linguistics, and queer historical linguistics.William Leap earned his bachelor's degree from Florida State University in 1967 and his Ph.D. from Southern Methodist University in 1970. His dissertation advisor was George Trager.Leap has been openly gay since he began teaching at American University in Washington, D.C. in 1970. Leap is a leading academic in Lavender linguistics and has been a recipient of the American Anthropological Association Ruth Benedict Award for publishing in Gay and Lesbian anthropology in 1996, 2003, and 2009. He founded the annual Lavender Languages & Linguistics conference in 1993 to coincide with the March on Washington for Lesbian, Gay and Bi Equal Rights and Liberation.  The conference continues to meet annually, and provides a focal point for international discussion of lgbtq-related language issues worldwide. The Lavender Language Institute, a summer program that Leap founded at Florida Atlantic University in 2017, offers training in queer linguistics to undergraduates, grad students, and others interested in language and sexuality studies.  
<Malcolm_Cameron_(Australian_politician)>	Malcolm Duncan Cameron (12 July 1873 – 1 March 1935) was an Australian politician. He was a member of the Australian House of Representatives from 1922 to 1934, representing the electorate of Barker for the Nationalist Party (1922–1931) and its successor the United Australia Party (1931–1934).Cameron was born at German Creek, where his father managed a pastoral property, and was educated at the Tantanoola school. He began farming at German Creek, before acquiring property at Glencoe when John Riddoch divided the former Glencoe Station. He was clerk of the District Council of Tantanoola for twenty years, president of the local progress association, president of the Glencoe branch of the Agricultural Bureau, vice-president of the Mount Gambier Agricultural and Horticultural Society, and one of the key figures in the construction of the district hall and a member of its committee. He was credited with much of the responsibility for the development of the Glencoe railway line. He was a prominent member of the Farmers and Producers Political Union and later served as president of the local branch of its successor, the Liberal Union.
<Medal_for_Merit>	The Medal for Merit was, during the period it was awarded, the highest civilian decoration of the United States. It was awarded by the President of the United States to civilians who "distinguished themselves by exceptionally meritorious conduct in the performance of outstanding services" in the war effort "since the proclamation of an emergency by the President on September 8, 1939". Awards to civilians of foreign nations were eligible "only for the performance of exceptionally meritorious or courageous act or acts in furtherance of the war efforts of the United Nations."The medal is made of gold-finished bronze and enamel and is worn on the left chest from a ribbon.The Medal for Merit was created by Public Law 77-671 and its awarding codified by Executive Order 9286 - Medal for Merit on 24 December 1942, later amended and restated by Executive Order 9857A of 27 May 1947. Created during World War II, and awarded to "civilians of the nations prosecuting the war under the joint declaration of the United Nations and of other friendly foreign nations", the medal has not been awarded since 1952.
<Michael_Kearns_(computer_scientist)>	Michael Kearns is an American computer scientist, professor and National Center Chair at the University of Pennsylvania, the founding director of Penn's Singh Program in Networked & Social Systems Engineering (NETS), the founding director of  Warren Center for Network and Data Sciences, and also holds secondary appointments in Penn's Wharton School and department of Economics. He is a leading researcher in computational learning theory and algorithmic game theory, and interested in machine learning, artificial intelligence, computational finance, algorithmic trading, computational social science and social networks. He previously led the Advisory and Research function in Morgan Stanley's Artificial Intelligence Center of Excellence team, and is currently an Amazon Scholar within Amazon Web Services. Kearns was born into an academic family, where his father David R Kearns is Professor Emeritus at University of California, San Diego in chemistry, who won Guggenheim Fellowship in 1969, and his uncle Thomas R. Kearns is Professor Emeritus at Amherst College in Philosophy and Law, Jurisprudence, and Social Thought. His paternal grandfather Clyde W. Kearns was a pioneer  in insecticide toxicology and was a professor at University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign in Entomology, and his maternal grandfather Chen Shou-Yi (1899–1978) was a professor at Pomona College in history and literature, who was born in Canton (Guangzhou, China) into a family noted for their scholarship and educational leadership.Kearns received his B.S. degree at the University of California at Berkeley in math and computer science in 1985, and  Ph.D. in computer science from Harvard University in 1989, under the supervision of Turing award winner Leslie Valiant. His doctoral dissertation was The Computational Complexity of Machine Learning, later published by MIT press as part of the ACM Doctoral Dissertation Award Series in 1990. Before joining AT&T Bell Labs in 1991, he continued with postdoctoral positions at the Laboratory for Computer Science at MIT hosted by Ronald Rivest, and at the International Computer Science Institute (ICSI) in UC Berkeley hosted by Richard M. Karp, both of whom are Turing award winners.
<Canada_men's_national_under-20_soccer_team>	The Canada U-20 men's national soccer team (also known as Canada Under-20s or Canada U-20s) represents Canada in international soccer at this age level. They are overseen by the Canadian Soccer Association, the governing body for soccer in Canada. It plays a large role in the development of Canadian soccer, and is considered to be the feeder team for the Canada men's national soccer team. The team has qualified for eight out of nineteen FIFA U-20 World Cups. Their best result came in 2003 where they reached the quarterfinals.
<Carnegie_Free_Library_of_Braddock>	The Braddock Carnegie Library in Braddock, Pennsylvania, is the first Carnegie Library in the United States.  As such, the library was named a National Historic Landmark in 2012, following its listing on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973, and is on the Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation's List of Historic Landmarks.Designed by William Halsey Wood in eclectic medieval style, the library sits on property acquired by Andrew Carnegie with his wife in November, 1885, while existing evidence indicates that the design was approved in March, 1886.  The building was dedicated by Carnegie in person at ceremonies on March 30, 1889.  Circulation of books also began that month. An addition in more Richardson Romanesque style by Longfellow, Alden & Harlow (successors to HH Richardson) followed in 1893.  (Another Halsey Wood design, Yaddo, presently an artists retreat/center in Saratoga Springs NY, is now also a National Historic Landmark.)The Carnegie foundation provided a grant of $357,782 for its construction. (This figure is believed to reflect the total of the 1889 and 1893 structures).  Like some of the other early Carnegie libraries, the building housed various recreational facilities for its users, including billiard tables on the first floor.  (Carnegie was himself quite fond of billiards, which was quite fashionable at the time.)  A bathhouse in the basement, originally accessed by a tunnel under the front entrance, provided Carnegie's millworkers with a place to shower (at a time when indoor plumbing was not the norm) before using the facilities.  Now re-purposed as a pottery studio, the tiled walls and floor remain, suggesting its original purpose.
<Elisabeth_Neumann-Viertel>	Elisabeth Neumann-Viertel (5 April 1900 – 24 December 1994) was an Austrian actress who started her career in Germany during the 1920s. Under the Nazi regime she emigrated to the United States, where she appeared on the Broadway and in a few Hollywood movies. She later returned to Germany, where she worked with numerous successful theatres of Berlin, among them Fritz Kortner's Berliner Bühnen. Neumann-Viertel was also a notable character actress in films and television, although she seldom played a leading role there. She retired in the late 1980s after nearly 70 years of acting. Elisabeth Neumann-Viertel was the second wife of film director Berthold Viertel.This article about an Austrian actor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Lisa_Nowak>	Lisa Marie Nowak (née Caputo, born May 10, 1963) is an American aeronautical engineer, and former NASA astronaut and United States Navy officer. Nowak served as naval flight officer and test pilot in the Navy, and was selected by NASA for NASA Astronaut Group 16 in 1996, qualifying as a mission specialist in robotics. She flew in space aboard Space Shuttle Discovery during the STS-121 mission in July 2006, when she was responsible for operating the robotic arms of the shuttle and the International Space Station. In 2007, Nowak was involved in a highly publicized incident of criminal misconduct for which she eventually pled guilty to felony burglary and misdemeanor battery charges, resulting in her demotion from captain to commander, and termination by NASA and the Navy.Born in Washington, D.C., Nowak graduated from the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland, in 1985. She was assigned to VAQ-34 at Naval Air Station Point Mugu, California, where she flew the EA-7L Corsair and ERA-3B Skywarrior. She earned a Master of Science degree in aeronautical engineering and a degree in aeronautical and astronautical engineering from the Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey, California. In 1993 she was selected to attend the U.S. Naval Test Pilot School at Naval Air Station Patuxent River, Maryland. After graduation, she remained at Patuxent River, flying in the F/A-18 Hornet and EA-6B Prowler. During her Navy career she logged over 1,500 hours in more than 30 aircraft and was awarded the Defense Meritorious Service Medal, the Navy Commendation Medal and the Navy Achievement Medal.
<Brennan_Brown>	Brennan Brown (born November 23, 1968) is an American film, television, and stage actor. He currently plays Dr. Samuel Abrams on NBC's Chicago Med. He played Robert Childan on Amazon's Man in the High Castle.He received his MFA in acting from the Yale School of Drama.He first came to widespread attention in the UK for playing "Mr. Dresden" the spoof film board executive in Orange UK's long-running series of cinema adverts. Brown's other film and television credits include I Love You Phillip Morris with Jim Carrey; Focus opposite Will Smith and Margot Robbie; State of Play; Turn the River; two seasons playing Edward Biben on Amazon's Mozart in the Jungle; HBO's John Adams playing Robert Treat Paine; and two seasons playing Special Agent Nicholas Donnelly on Person of Interest.
<Edgar_Bright_Wilson>	Edgar Bright Wilson Jr. (December 18, 1908 – July 12, 1992) was an American chemist.Wilson was a prominent and accomplished chemist and teacher, recipient of the National Medal of Science in 1975, Guggenheim Fellowships in 1949 and 1970, the Elliott Cresson Medal in 1982, and a number of honorary doctorates. He was also the Theodore William Richards Professor of Chemistry, Emeritus at Harvard University. One of his sons, Kenneth G. Wilson, was awarded the Nobel Prize in physics in 1982.E. B. Wilson was a student and protégé of Nobel laureate Linus Pauling and was a coauthor with Pauling of Introduction to Quantum Mechanics, a graduate level textbook in Quantum Mechanics. Wilson was also the thesis advisor of Nobel laureate Dudley Herschbach. Wilson was elected to the first class of the Harvard Society of Fellows.Wilson made major contributions to the field of molecular spectroscopy.  He developed the first rigorous quantum mechanical Hamiltonian in internal coordinates for a polyatomic molecule.  He developed the theory of how rotational spectra are influenced by centrifugal distortion during rotation. He pioneered the use of group theory for the analysis and simplification normal mode analysis, particularly for high symmetry molecules, such as benzene. In 1955, Wilson published Molecular Vibrations along with J.C. Decius and Paul C. Cross. Following the Second World War, Wilson was a pioneer in the application of microwave spectroscopy to the determination of molecular structure.   Wilson wrote an influential  introductory text Introduction to Scientific Research that provided an introduction of all the steps of scientific research, from defining a problem through the archival of data after publication.
<DePaul_University_College_of_Law>	The DePaul University College of Law is the professional graduate law school of DePaul University in Chicago. The College of Law’s facilities encompass nine floors across two buildings, with features such as the Vincent G. Rinn Law Library and Leonard M. Ring Courtroom. The law school is located within two blocks of state and federal courts, as well as numerous law firms, corporations and government agencies.The 2022 edition of U.S. News & World Report ranked DePaul Law 118 among U.S. law schools and placed its health law and intellectual property programs among the top 25% of all U.S. law schools.DePaul College of Law started in 1897 as Illinois College of Law, founded by Howard N. Ogden. It was the only law school not on the East Coast to offer both day and evening classes.
<Seiichi_Tanabe>	Seiichi Tanabe (田辺誠一) is a Japanese actor. He won the award for best actor at the 24th Yokohama Film Festival for Hush! and at the 27th Hochi Film Award for Hush! and Harmful Insect.This article about a Japanese screen actor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Safeway_(UK)>	Safeway is a British brand owned chain of supermarkets and convenience shops. Founded in 1962 by the American Safeway Inc., before being sold to Argyll Foods in 1987. It was later listed on the London Stock Exchange.[citation needed] It was purchased by Morrisons in March 2004. Most of its 479 shops were rebranded as Morrisons, with others being sold. The brand disappeared from the United Kingdom on 24 November 2005.In November 2016, Morrisons revived the Safeway brand for a range of products, manufactured in the company's own factories, for distribution through UK independent retailers.
<Basil_Sydney>	Basil Sydney (23 April 1894 – 10 January 1968) was an English stage and screen actor.Sydney made his name in 1915 in the London stage hit Romance by Edward Sheldon, with Broadway star Doris Keane, and he costarred with Keane in the 1920 silent film of the play. The couple married in 1918, and when Keane revived Romance in New York City in 1921, Sydney made his Broadway debut in the parts. He stayed in New York for over a decade playing classical roles such as Mercutio in Romeo and Juliet (1922), Richard Dudgeon in The Devil's Disciple (1923), the title role in Hamlet (1923), Prince Hal in Henry IV, Part I (1926), and Petruchio in Taming of the Shrew (1927). In 1937 he starred in the murder mystery Blondie White in the West End.
<Arctic_Village_(book)>	Arctic Village (1933) is a book written by Robert Marshall, an American forester, writer, and wilderness activist (1901-1939), about the Koyukuk River area and the town of Wiseman. He lived there for 15 months starting in 1930 while conducting research on tree growth near the Arctic Divide. Marshall referred to the people of the frontier village as "...the happiest civilization of which I have knowledge."This article about a travel book is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.This article about a location in the Yukon-Koyukuk Census Area, Alaska is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<David_Koch>	Mary Julia Koch – David’s daughterDavid Hamilton Koch (/koʊk/ KOHK; May 3, 1940 – August 23, 2019) was an American businessman, political activist, philanthropist, and chemical engineer. In 1970, he joined the family business: Koch Industries, the second largest privately held company in the United States. He became president of the subsidiary Koch Engineering in 1979, and became a co-owner of Koch Industries (along with elder brother Charles) in 1983. Koch served as an executive vice president of Koch Industries until he retired due to health issues in 2018.
<Peter_Zumthor>	Peter Zumthor (German pronunciation: [ˈpeːtɐ ˈtsuːmtoːɐ̯]; born 26 April 1943) is a Swiss architect whose work is frequently described as uncompromising and minimalist. Though managing a relatively small firm, he is the winner of the 2009 Pritzker Prize and 2013 RIBA Royal Gold Medal.Zumthor was born in Basel, Switzerland. His father was a cabinet-maker, which exposed him to design from an early age and led him to become an apprentice for a carpenter later in 1958. He studied at the Kunstgewerbeschule (arts and crafts school) in his native city starting in 1963.In 1966, Zumthor studied industrial design and architecture as an exchange student at Pratt Institute in New York. In 1968, he became conservationist architect for the Department for the Preservation of Monuments of the canton of Graubünden. This work on historic restoration projects gave him a further understanding of construction and the qualities of different rustic building materials. As his practice developed, Zumthor was able to incorporate his knowledge of materials into Modernist construction and detailing. His buildings explore the tactile and sensory qualities of spaces and materials while retaining a minimalist feel.
<Ho-Am_Prize>	The Ho-Am Prize (호암상, 湖岩賞, literally lake and rock award) is a Korean annual award presented to "domestic/abroad ethnic Korean who have made outstanding contributions to the development of science and culture and enhancement of the welfare of mankind". Starting in 1991, it is funded by Samsung and named after their former chairman, Lee Byung-chul (Ho-Am is his pen name which means filling up a space with clear water as lakes do, and being unshakable as a large rock). The award consists of a 6 oz gold medal, a laureate diploma, and 300 million Korean won (approximately $265,000 US dollars).The prize is currently awarded in five fields:In addition, a Ho-Am Prize in Mass Communication was awarded from 1991 to 1996, but has now been replaced by a Special Prize.
<Kirsten_Storms>	Kirsten Renee Storms (born April 8, 1984) is an American actress. She is best known for her roles as Zenon Kar in the Zenon trilogy, Emily in Johnny Tsunami, and Bonnie Rockwaller in Kim Possible. Storms played Isabella "Belle" Black on the NBC soap opera Days of Our Lives from 1999 to 2004. In 2005, Storms was cast as the character Maxie Jones on the ABC soap opera General Hospital and its spin-off General Hospital: Night Shift.Storms was born in Orlando, Florida and grew up in the Greater Orlando area, mainly Kissimmee, Casselberry and Sanford. She has a younger sister named Gretchen, a brother named Austin and a half-brother named Chris. She is the daughter of Karen Storms and CBS affiliate WCPX-TV (now WKMG-TV) sportscaster Mike Storms. According to Storms, she always knew she wanted to be a soap opera actress. At age five she announced:
<Invisible_Avenger>	Invisible Avenger is a 1958 film noir crime film directed by James Wong Howe, Ben Parker and John Sledge. The film was a compilation of two pilot episodes of a 1957 Republic Pictures TV show called The Shadow. When the show failed to sell, the episodes (one of which was directed by cinematographer James Wong Howe) were edited together and released as a theatrical feature called Invisible Avenger.The film was re-released in 1962 under the title Bourbon Street Shadows by the  Louisiana-based MPA films.[citation needed] The episodes were shot on location in New Orleans.[citation needed]Pablo Ramirez is an expatriate from the Caribbean nation of Santa Cruz that is under control of a military dictator called the Generalissimo.  From New Orleans, Ramirez plots a revolution and his return to Santa Cruz.  To assist in this and to protect him from the Santa Cruz secret police who are in New Orleans he seeks the help of Lamont Cranston through a mutual friend, jazz trumpeter Tony Alcade.  In the midst of a telephone call to Cranston, Tony is murdered by the secret police.Cranston and his metaphysical mentor Jogendra come to New Orleans to bring Tony's murderers to justice and freedom to Santa Cruz.
<Philip_Charles_MacKenzie>	Philip Charles MacKenzie  (born Philip Charles Harris on May 7, 1946) is an American actor and television director. He is best known for his role as Donald Maltby on Brothers, and as Ted Nichols on Open House, which he worked on with his current wife, Alison La Placa.MacKenzie was born in Brooklyn, New York. He made his on-screen debut in Sidney Lumet's 1975 crime drama Dog Day Afternoon. He then began doing numerous television guest roles and co-starring roles in afterschool specials and made-for-TV movies. MacKenzie guest starred on such shows as Three's Company, Baa Baa Black Sheep, Lou Grant (which co-starred his future Brothers castmate, Robert Walden), The Love Boat, The Jeffersons, Diff'rent Strokes, The Facts of Life, and WKRP in Cincinnati. In 1980, he appeared as Dr. LaFleur in The Heartbreak Winner, an ABC Afterschool Special episode.That same year, MacKenzie was cast in the pilot of a series proposed for NBC's 1980 fall schedule, The Six O'Clock Follies, a period piece set in 1967 Saigon. After a single preview telecast in April 1980, the network passed on the series' development. MacKenzie then landed his first regular role on the short-lived CBS sitcom Making the Grade in the spring of 1982. Making the Grade was also the first series role for actor George Wendt, with whom MacKenzie worked later that year when he did a guest appearance on "Coach's Daughter", an episode of NBC's Cheers.
<Donna_Hanover>	Donna Hanover (born Donna Ann Kofnovec; February 15, 1950) is an American journalist, radio and television personality, television producer, and actress, who appears on CUNY TV in New York City. From 1994 through 2001 she was First Lady of New York City, as the then-wife of Rudy Giuliani. She and Giuliani were married for 18 years and had two children, Andrew and Caroline.Hanover was born Donna Ann Kofnovec in Oakland, California, to Catholic parents, Robert G. Kofnovec, a United States Navy officer who retired as a Lieutenant Commander, and his wife, Gwendolyn Dolores (Domas) Kofnovec.
<HandyGames>	www.handy-games.com GmbH, doing business as HandyGames, is a German video game developer and publisher based in Giebelstadt. In July 2018, the company was acquired by THQ Nordic.The company was founded in 2000 by brothers Christopher and Markus Kassulke along with Udo Bausewein. In 2006, HandyGames released its first free, ad-funded game and began the gradual transition to a largely ad-funded business model. Since 2010, all new HandyGames mobile titles are either free or freemium. By 2014 HandyGames had 150,000 app downloads per month and more than 100 million downloads in total.In 2012, HandyGames expanded onto other platforms like PC or Smart TVs. In January 2014 and 2015, the company were main sponsors for the "HandyGames Charity Day" in Würzburg, which aimed to raise funds for cancer research. On both occasions the event was able to raise roughly 50000 Euros.
<Jacques_Barrot>	Jacques Barrot (3 February 1937 – 3 December 2014) was a French politician, who served as European Commissioner for Justice between 2008 and 2010, after having spent four years serving as Commissioner for Transport (2004–2008) and Commissioner for Regional Policy for eight months (2004). He was also one of five vice-presidents of the 27-member Barroso Commission. He previously held various ministerial positions in France, and was a member of the right-wing political party UMP. He was officially approved in his post by the European Parliament on 18 June 2008 with a vote of 489 to 52 with 19 abstentions.Barrot was a European Commissioner between April 2004 and, serving as Commissioner for Regional Policy in the Prodi Commission before being selected as a Vice-President and Commissioner for Transport in the Barroso Commission.
<Johannes_Winkler>	Johannes Winkler (29 May 1897 – 27 December 1947) was a German rocket pioneer who co-founded with Max Valier of Opel RAK the first German rocket society "Verein für Raumschiffahrt" and launched, after Friedrich Wilhelm Sander's successful Opel RAK liquid-rocket launches in 1929, one of the first successful liquid-fuelled rocket in Europe.In 1915 during World War I, he joined the German army and was wounded in action the following year, leading to a lengthy hospitalisation. After his recovery, he studied as a machinist at the Danzig technical college and found a job at Junkers.
<SM_Prime_Holdings>	SM Prime Holdings, Inc. (SMPH) is a Filipino integrated property developer and a public subsidiary of SM Investments Corporation. It was incorporated on January 6, 1994, to develop, conduct, operate and maintain the SM commercial shopping centers and all businesses related thereto, such as the lease of commercial spaces within the compound of shopping centers. It went public on July 5, 1994, and subsequently grew to become the largest company listed on the Philippine Stock Exchange in terms of revenue. The company's main sources of revenues primarily include rental income from mall and food courts, as well as from cinema ticket sales and amusement income.The roots of SM date back to the 1950s when entrepreneur Henry Sy, Sr. established a shoe store at Carriedo Street in Quiapo, Manila. His store was established as ShoeMart, which was originally located at Carlos Palanca Sr. Street. His aggressive and adamant strategy helped him gain large profits within a few years and he later expanded his business to become a fully functioning department store named ShoeMart, which specializes in the sale of shoes, the sector of which the store originally was. ShoeMart was abbreviated into SM, the name which became commonly known by the locals. The abbreviation SM has become an orphan initialism. The first ShoeMart outlet was abandoned and the department store moved to a new site along the nearby Carriedo Street. The old site was demolished in 1982 and was turned into its Clearance Outlet.
<Wolf_Prize_in_Chemistry>	The Wolf Prize in Chemistry is awarded annually by the Wolf Foundation in Israel. It is one of the six Wolf Prizes established by the Foundation and awarded since 1978; the others are in Agriculture, Mathematics, Medicine, Physics and Arts.Below is a chart of all laureates per country (updated to 2022 laureates). Some laureates are counted more than once if have multiple citizenship.
<Cantata++>	Cantata++, or simply Cantata in newer versions, is a commercial computer program for dynamic testing, specifically unit testing and integration testing, and code coverage at run time of C and C++ programs. It is developed and sold by QA Systems, and was formerly a product of IPL Information Processing Ltd.Cantata and Cantata++ were originally developed by IPL Information Processing Systems until 2012 when QA Systems GmbH acquired the business, and founded QA Systems Ltd in Bath (UK). In November 2012 the tool was rebranded at version 6.2 as Cantata. As of  2018 there have been 23 Cantata versions released since its initial release in 1992.The IDE of Cantata is based on Eclipse.Cantata belongs to a category of code-driven unit testing frameworks used for dynamic testing of software. These tools bring compiled test cases to execution with the linked-in code under test. The test executable will run on a computing platform, a native operating system, or a target platform. The integration of debuggers is optional.
<Norman_J._Warren>	Norman John Warren (25 June 1942 – 11 March 2021) was an English film director best known for such 1970s horror films as Satan's Slave (1976), Prey (1977) and Terror (1978). Warren is also known for sex comedies such as Outer Touch (also known as Outer Spaced and Spaced Out, 1979).Along with the films of Pete Walker, Warren's movies are sometimes dubbed "New Wave" British horror, on the basis that they upped the ante in terms of sexual explicitness and gore from that of the Hammer and Amicus productions that dominated the genre in UK cinema up to the early 1970s.
<John_McGrath_(footballer,_born_1980)>	John Matthew McGrath (born 27 March 1980) is an Irish footballer who plays as a midfielder and is player-manager of Northern Premier League side Mickleover.Born in Limerick, County Limerick, McGrath played local schoolboy football with Templeglantine and Corbally, before joining Belvedere in 1996. He was part of the team that won an unprecedented FAI Youth Cup, Leinster Youths Cup and DDSL U-18 Premier League treble. He joined English Premier League club Aston Villa on 3 September 1999 following a two-week trial. After making only two appearances he went out on loan to Football Conference side Dagenham & Redbridge in November 2002.
<In_Treatment_(U.S._TV_series)>	In Treatment is an American drama television series for HBO, produced and developed by Rodrigo Garcia, based on the Israeli series BeTipul (Hebrew: בטיפול), created by Hagai Levi, Ori Sivan and Nir Bergman.The series is about a psychotherapist, 50-something Paul Weston, and his weekly sessions with patients, as well as those with his own therapist at the end of the week. The program, which stars Gabriel Byrne as Paul, debuted on January 28, 2008, as a five-night-a-week series. Its executive producer and principal director was Paris Barclay, who directed 35 episodes, the most of any director on the series, and the only one to direct episodes in all three seasons. The program's format, script and opening theme are based on, and are often verbatim translations of BeTipul. HBO Canada aired the program simultaneously with HBO in the U.S. Season 1 earned numerous honors, including Emmy, Golden Globe and Writers Guild awards.
<Alan_Thicke>	Alan Thicke (born Alan Willis Jeffrey; March 1, 1947 – December 13, 2016) was a Canadian actor, songwriter, and game and talk show host. He is the father of singer Robin Thicke. In 2013, Thicke was inducted into Canada's Walk of Fame. Thicke was best known for playing Dr. Jason Seaver on the 1980s sitcom Growing Pains on ABC.Thicke was born in Kirkland Lake, Ontario, the son of Shirley "Joan" Isobel Marie (née Greer), a nurse, and William Jeffrey, a stockbroker. They divorced in 1953. His mother remarried Brian Thicke, a physician, and they moved to Elliot Lake. Alan Thicke graduated from Elliot Lake Secondary School in 1965 and was elected homecoming king. He went on to attend the University of Western Ontario joining the Delta Upsilon fraternity.
<Bab_Christensen>	Barbra Karine "Bab" Christensen (8 January 1928 – 10 April 2017) was a Norwegian actress.She was born in Kristiania as a daughter of actors Gerda Ring and Halfdan Christensen and younger sister of actor Pelle Christensen. She made her stage debut in 1947 at the National Theatre, and was employed at Den Nationale Scene from 1949, the National Theatre from 1952, Trøndelag Teater from 1963, Fjernsynsteatret from and Det Norske Teatret from 1970. She appeared in a small number of films.She was married to Lasse Kolstad (1922–2012). She was a sister-in-law of Henki Kolstad.
<To_Kill_a_Mockingbird_(film)>	To Kill a Mockingbird is a 1962 American drama film directed by Robert Mulligan. The screenplay by Horton Foote is based on Harper Lee's 1960 Pulitzer Prize–winning novel of the same name. The film stars Gregory Peck as Atticus Finch and Mary Badham as Scout. It marked the film debut of Robert Duvall, William Windom and Alice Ghostley.It gained overwhelmingly positive reception from both the critics and the public; a box-office success, it earned more than six times its budget. The film won three Academy Awards, including Best Actor for Peck, and was nominated for eight, including Best Picture.
<Morris_Lapidus>	Morris Lapidus (November 25, 1902 – January 18, 2001) was an architect, primarily known for his Neo-baroque "Miami Modern" hotels constructed in the 1950s and 60s, which have since come to define that era's resort-hotel style, synonymous with Miami and Miami Beach.A Jewish Ukrainian immigrant based in New York, Lapidus designed over 1,000 buildings during a career spanning more than 50 years, much of it spent as an outsider to the American architectural establishment.Born in Odessa in the Russian Empire (now Ukraine), his Orthodox Jewish family fled Russian pogroms to New York when he was an infant. As a young man, Lapidus explored acting which led to his interest in theatrical set design where he was directed by scene painters to study architecture. He attended Columbia University, graduating in 1927. Lapidus worked for the prominent Beaux Arts firm of Warren and Wetmore. At that time his first project was to design a garage ornament for the Vanderbilt mansion. His design incorporated Mercury, the god of Speed, into a modern sculpture. Lapidus explained that the proposed "horse head and wagon was an anachronism." From 1929 to 1943 he worked with Ross-Frankel as a retail architect. When in early 1942 his father's company, U.S. Metals, employed Morris to design a Signaling Search Light, which had been commissioned by Admiral Rickover, he resigned from Ross-Frankel, but not before showing Evan Frankel the potato fields of The Hamptons, where they went to successfully field test the light. 
<The_San_Remo>	The San Remo is a cooperative apartment building at 145 and 146 Central Park West, between 74th and 75th Streets, adjacent to Central Park on the Upper West Side of Manhattan in New York City. It was constructed from 1929 to 1930 and was designed by architect Emery Roth in the Renaissance Revival style. The San Remo is 27 stories tall, with twin towers rising from a 17-story base. The building is a contributing property to the Central Park West Historic District, listed on the National Register of Historic Places, and is a New York City designated landmark.The 17-story base surrounds an internal courtyard to the west, while the 10-story towers rise from the eastern portion of the base. There are numerous setbacks between the 14th and 17th stories, which double as terraces. The first three stories are clad in rusticated blocks of limestone, with two main entrances at ground level. The remainder of the facade is made of light brick with terracotta ornamentation, as well as movable windows to improve air circulation. The tops of the towers contain "temples" with round colonnades and lanterns. The building has twin terrazzo and marble lobbies with molded plaster ceilings. On the upper stories, many apartments contain living and dining rooms arranged around a central gallery, as well as bedrooms in the rear. There were originally 122 apartments, each with six to sixteen rooms, but several apartments have been split or combined over the years.
<GrammaTech>	GrammaTech is a software-development tools vendor based in Bethesda, Maryland with a research center based in Ithaca, New York. The company was founded in 1988 as a technology spin-off of Cornell University. GrammaTech is a provider of application security testing products (static application security testing, software composition analysis) and software research services.CodeSonar is a source code and binary code static analysis tool that performs a whole-program, interprocedural analysis on C, C++, C#, Java, and binary executables. It identifies programming bugs and security vulnerabilities in software.  CodeSonar is used in the Defense/Aerospace, Medical, Industrial Control, Electronic, Telecom/Datacom and Transportation industries. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Center for Devices and Radiological Health uses it to detect defects in fielded medical devices.The U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) and NASA used it in its Study on Sudden Unintended Accelerationin the electronic throttle control systems of Toyota vehicles.CodeSentry is derived from GrammaTech’s binary code analysis research. This technology performs deep analysis of object, library and executable files without the need for source code in order to identify known software security vulnerabilities.  Binary analysis is an efficient method for software composition analysis with high precision and recall results and fewer false positives. 
<The_Grapes_of_Wrath>	The Grapes of Wrath is an American realist novel written by John Steinbeck and published in 1939. The book won the National Book Awardand Pulitzer Prize for fiction, and it was cited prominently when Steinbeck was awarded the Nobel Prize in 1962.Set during the Great Depression, the novel focuses on the Joads, a poor family of tenant farmers driven from their Oklahoma home by drought, economic hardship, agricultural industry changes, and bank foreclosures forcing tenant farmers out of work. Due to their nearly hopeless situation, and in part because they are trapped in the Dust Bowl, the Joads set out for California along with thousands of other "Okies" seeking jobs, land, dignity, and a future.
<Bill_Gates>	William Henry Gates III  (born October 28, 1955) is an American business magnate and philanthropist. He is a co-founder of Microsoft, along with his late childhood friend Paul Allen. During his career at Microsoft, Gates held the positions of chairman, chief executive officer (CEO), president and chief software architect, while also being the largest individual shareholder until May 2014. He was a major entrepreneur of the microcomputer revolution of the 1970s and 1980s.Gates was born and raised in Seattle. In 1975, he and Allen founded Microsoft in Albuquerque, New Mexico. It became the world's largest personal computer software company. Gates led the company as chairman and CEO until stepping down as CEO in January 2000, succeeded by Steve Ballmer, but he remained chairman of the board of directors and became chief software architect. During the late 1990s, he was criticized for his business tactics, which have been considered anti-competitive. This opinion has been upheld by numerous court rulings. In June 2008, Gates transitioned to a part-time role at Microsoft and full-time work at the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the private charitable foundation he and his then-wife Melinda established in 2000. He stepped down as chairman of the board of Microsoft in February 2014 and assumed a new post as technology adviser to support the newly appointed CEO Satya Nadella. In March 2020, Gates left his board positions at Microsoft and Berkshire Hathaway to focus on his philanthropic efforts on climate change, global health and development, and education.
<Metropolitan_Stores>	Metropolitan Stores of Canada Ltd. (often referred to as The Met or Metropolitan) was a Canadian variety department store chain based in Winnipeg, Manitoba.The company was incorporated in 1908 as F.H. Brewster & Company, renamed Metropolitan Stores Ltd. in 1920 and became a newly-formed Canadian corporation as Metropolitan Stores of Canada Ltd. in 1961. At its peak, Metropolitan was one of the four largest variety chain store organizations in Canada with 180 stores in all provinces and territories and also operated junior department and clothing stores under the SAAN, Greenberg and Red Apple banners. The chain's headquarters was located at 1370 Sony Place in Winnipeg, Manitoba, and its warehouse distribution centre was situated at 3075 Trans-Canada Highway in Pointe-Claire, Quebec. The chain was acquired by SAAN in 1997.The chain began in 1908 when F.H. Brewster, the founder, opened his first five-and-dime store eponymously named F.H. Brewster & Company at 483-485 Talbot Street in St. Thomas, Ontario. Other stores were opened under the name of "F.H. Brewster & Company" in London, Ingersoll, Chatham and other Ontario cities. Brewster lost his first two stores in London: one before it even opened when the neighbouring crockery store "Reid's Crystal Hall" collapsed into it during a renovation to the building on July 16, 1907, as two salesgirls were sorting out stock for the grand opening later that week; the other store was lost in a Dundas Street fire only a year or two after operation on the night of November 3, 1911. Brewster's new store, which appeared the following year, was built and designed for the owner Sir George Gibbons by London architects Watt & Blackwell.
<Charles_in_Charge>	Charles in Charge is an American sitcom television series that premiered on October 3, 1984, on CBS. The series was a production of Al Burton Productions and Scholastic Productions in association with Universal Television and starred Scott Baio, who had previously starred in Happy Days, in the title role. Willie Aames, who had previously been a cast member on Eight Is Enough, also starred as Charles’ best friend Buddy Lembeck.  Charles in Charge joined the CBS Wednesday night lineup at 8:00 pm, placing it against ABC’s hit action series The Fall Guy and the new Michael Landon-led Highway to Heaven on NBC. At the time, with the exception of their Monday-night comedies (Kate & Allie and Newhart), CBS's sitcom lineup was not performing well in the ratings and Charles in Charge did not do much to change that. Still, the network allowed the show to remain in production to complete the 22 episodes it had ordered for the season. After the February 27, 1985, episode, CBS placed Charles in Charge on hiatus. Two episodes had yet to air, and CBS aired them on March 13 and April 3, 1985. The network then dropped Charles in Charge from its Wednesday lineup in favor of the mystery drama series Double Dare; the show was moved to Saturday, where it aired in reruns for several weeks until it was replaced by the drama Cover Up. None of these series were renewed for a second season, nor were either of the two comedies that shared the hour with Charles in Charge (Dreams and E/R).
<Bubbleworks>	Bubbleworks (originally named Prof. Burp's Bubble Works, then Imperial Leather Bubbleworks from 2006) was a dark water ride opened in 1990 at Chessington World of Adventures Resort in Greater London, England. It took riders through animated scenes of a comical factory producing fizzy pop. The original ride closed, to be redesigned in 2006 with a sponsorship by Imperial Leather toiletries, with the majority of the animations removed. The new Bubbleworks then closed in September 2016 to be replaced by The Gruffalo River Ride Adventure.The ride was created as part of the second phase to regenerate Chessington Zoo into a popular theme park. The Transylvania area in Chessington World of Adventures was created in 1990, opening with the Vampire and Prof. Burp's Bubble Works as its main attractions.
<Real_Madrid_C.F.>	Real Madrid Club de Fútbol (Spanish pronunciation: [reˈal maˈðɾið ˈkluβ ðe ˈfuðβol] (listen), meaning Royal Madrid Football Club), commonly referred to as Real Madrid, is a Spanish professional football club based in Madrid.Founded in 1902 as Madrid Football Club, the club has traditionally worn a white home kit since its inception. The honorific title real is Spanish for "royal" and was bestowed to the club by King Alfonso XIII in 1920 together with the royal crown in the emblem. Real Madrid have played their home matches in the 81,044-capacity Santiago Bernabéu Stadium in downtown Madrid since 1947. Unlike most European sporting entities, Real Madrid's members (socios) have owned and operated the club throughout its history.
<PSV_Eindhoven>	Philips Sport Vereniging (Dutch pronunciation: [ˌfilɪpˌspɔrt fəˈreːnəɣɪŋ]; English: Philips Sports Association), abbreviated as PSV and internationally known as PSV Eindhoven (pronounced [ˌpeːjɛsˈfeː ˈɛintˌɦoːvə(n)]), is a Dutch sports club from Eindhoven, Netherlands.  It is best known for its professional football department, which has played in the Eredivisie, the top tier in Dutch football, since its inception in 1956. Along with Ajax and Feyenoord, PSV is one of the country's "big three" clubs that have dominated the Eredivisie.The club was founded in 1913 as a team for Philips employees. PSV's history contains two golden eras revolving around the UEFA Cup victory in 1978 and the 1987–88 European Cup victory as part of the seasonal treble in 1988. The team has won the Eredivisie 24 times, the KNVB Cup ten times and the Johan Cruyff Shield a record of twelve times. Currently (as of May 2021), PSV is ranked 56th on the UEFA club coefficients ranking.Throughout the years, PSV established itself as a stepping stone for future world class players like Ruud Gullit, Ronald Koeman, Romário, Ronaldo, Phillip Cocu, Jaap Stam, Ruud van Nistelrooy, Park Ji-sung, Arjen Robben, Georginio Wijnaldum and Memphis Depay.
<Vippetangen_Line>	The Vippetangen Line or the Grain Tram (Norwegian: Korntrikken) is an abandoned line of the Oslo Tramway, Norway, that ran from Tollbugata in the city center to Vippetangen between 1900 and 1967. It was built by Kristiania Kommunale Sporveie (KKS).The line was built as the third and final by the municipal Kristiania Kommunale Sporvei, opening on 28 August 1900. The service went through the city center to Anetheum to St. Hanshaugen. The track was transferred to Kristiania Sporveisselskab (KSS) when it bought KKS in 1905, and again to Oslo Sporveier in 1924 when it took over KSS. Just after the KSS takeover the line was extended from Festningsbryggen to Vippetangen on 8 November 1905. The Vippetangen area is an important ferry quay and port that grew up, and both domestic and international ships provided the basis for passengers. Passenger transport was terminated in August 1964 as part of the plan to abandon the tramway network in Oslo.From 1918 KSS started operating freight trams transporting grain from the silos at Vippetangen to the mills in Grünerløkka and Sandaker. Four passenger cars were rebuilt to carry the cargo, but in 1932 two specially built freight cars were built; the service was very profitable, and the mill company Bjølsen Valsemølle wanted to continue the service after, but road construction forced the tram line to be pulled up after the last service ran on 15 February 1967.
<Radio_New_Zealand>	Radio New Zealand (Māori: Te Reo Irirangi o Aotearoa), commonly known as Radio NZ or simply RNZ, is a New Zealand public-service radio broadcaster and Crown entity that was established under the Radio New Zealand Act 1995. It operates news and current-affairs network, RNZ National, and a classical-music and jazz network, RNZ Concert, with full government funding from NZ on Air. Since 2014, the organisation's focus has been to transform RNZ from a radio broadcaster to a multimedia outlet, increasing its production of digital content in audio, video, and written forms.The organisation plays a central role in New Zealand public broadcasting. The New Zealand Parliament fully funds its AM network, used in part for the broadcast of parliamentary proceedings. RNZ has a statutory role under the Civil Defence Emergency Management Act 2002 to act as a "lifeline utility" in emergency situations. It is also responsible for an international service (known as RNZ Pacific); this is broadcast to the South Pacific in both English and Pacific languages through its Pacific shortwave service.
<La_Cadena_Deportiva>	La Cadena Deportiva is a defunct American Spanish language regional sports network that was owned by Liberty Media (originally through its parent company Tele-Communications Inc., in conjunction with Bill Daniels), and operated as an affiliate of the Prime Network. Headquartered in Los Angeles, California, the channel broadcast regional coverage of sports events throughout the Southern California, with a focus on professional sports teams based in Los Angeles and San Diego. La Cadena Deportiva was available on cable providers throughout California, Arizona, Nevada and Hawaii.The network launched on November 15, 1993, as the only U.S.-based owned-and-operated outlet of the Prime Network that was not an English language network. The network provided Spanish language coverage of various sporting events, many of which were carried on sister network Prime Ticket, including games from the NBA's Los Angeles Lakers, the Los Angeles Kings and California Angels of Major League Baseball. It also carried coverage of college sports events from the Pacific-10 Conference as well as additional international soccer games not shown on Prime Ticket.In August 1994, Bill Daniels sold his share in La Cadena Deportiva, Prime Ticket and the Prime Network to Liberty Media. The channel relaunched as a national network in 1995, as La Cadena Deportiva Nacional. On October 31, 1995, News Corporation, which sought to create its own group of regional sports networks as a cable venture for Fox Sports, which was formed the year prior through the Fox Broadcasting Company's acquisition of the television rights to the NFL's National Football Conference, acquired a 50% ownership interest in the Prime Network.
<The_Clairvoyant_(TV_series)>	The Clairvoyant is a British television sitcom by Roy Clarke, the creator of Last of the Summer Wine. It was produced by the BBC and aired from 1984 to 1986 on BBC2.Roy Kinnear plays Arnold Bristow a car salesman who believes he has psychic powers after being knocked down by a car.
<Harry_A._Marmer>	Harry A. Marmer (June 21, 1885 – November 5, 1953) was a Russian Empire-born American engineer, mathematician and oceanographer who was a career employee of the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey. He was an internationally recognized expert on tides and currents.Harry Aaron Marmer was born in Proskuriv in the Russian Empire (now Khmelnytskyi, Ukraine) on June 21, 1885, the son of Isaac Dove (or Baer) Marmer (or Marnier) and the former Rechoma Segal. He emigrated to the United States in 1889. After primary and secondary education in public schools in New Jersey, he graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Rutgers College in 1907 with a Bachelor of Science degree in engineering. After graduation, he worked as an assistant engineer for the Cape May Real Estate Company from June to November 1907.Leaving the real estate company, Marmer accepted a position as a mathematician with the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey's Division of Tides and Currents in 1907. He became Chief Tidal Mathematician and Chief of the Section of Field Work of the division. In 1920, he became assistant chief of the Division of Tides and Currents, a post he held until his retirement. He returned to Rutgers to earn a master's degree, which he received in 1931.
<Fung_Chi-wood>	Fung Chi-wood (Chinese: 馮智活, 23 August 1956) was a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong, Regional Council, Shatin District Board Member, and a priest of the Anglican Church in Hong Kong.He was famous for leading the movement against the Daya Bay Nuclear Plant in 1986 and continued to be active in the pro-democracy camp after the handover of Hong Kong.
<Tony_Denman>	Anthony Richard Denman (born October 22, 1979) is an American actor.This article about a United States film and television actor born in the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<HADAG>	The HADAG (full name HADAG Seetouristik und Fährdienst AG, literally "HADAG Sea-tourism and Ferry service") is a local public transport company in Hamburg, Germany. It owns and operates passengers ferries across the Elbe River, overseen by and integrated into the network of Hamburger Verkehrsverbund (HVV). In 2013, 10.6 million passenger journeys were made on the HADAG network.In the 1950s the company operated ferries from Hamburg to England, and in the 1980s, the cruise ship MS Astor.The Hafen-Dampfschifffahrt AG (HADAG) was founded on 8 August 1888, and the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg granted the concession to operate ferries in the Port of Hamburg. In 1897, the HADAG owned 47 ferries and took over the smaller Jollenführer Dampfer GmbH. With opening of the Elbe tunnel in 1911, the HADAG line Landungsbrücken — Steinwerder lost 259,000 passengers p.a..
<Selma_Kurz>	Selma Kurz (October 15, 1874 – May 10, 1933) was an Austrian operatic dramatic coloratura soprano known for her brilliant coloratura technique.Selma Kurz was born in Bielsko-Biała to a very humble Jewish family of eleven children. She grew up in Bielitz. While still a girl, she was taken to a convent to be trained as a seamstress.  The nuns quickly discovered the beauty of her voice, however, and  she also often sang in the local synagogue.These circumstances led local people to raise some money so that she could go to Vienna and audition for Professor Gänsbacher, a prominent vocal teacher who did not teach women, but wrote important letters of recommendation. Little Selma was thus enabled to visit the imposing Schloss Totis, the Viennese residence, en villéggiature, of the famous patron of the arts count Nicholas (Miklós) Esterházy de Galántha, who agreed to pay for her lessons with another prominent vocal pedagogue, Johannes Ress.
<Georgia_Tech_Research_Corporation>	The Georgia Tech Research Corporation (GTRC) is a contracting organization that supports research and technological development at the Georgia Institute of Technology.The GTRC, then named the Industrial Development Council, was founded in 1937 to serve as a contracting agency for the State Engineering Experiment Station (EES)—which then existed by that name on the Georgia Tech campus. In 1946 the Council was recreated and renamed the Georgia Tech Research Institute, still primarily serving the EES under the administration of director Harry L. Baker Jr.By 1984 Georgia Tech had reorganized the duties and scopes of both the 'contracting agency' and the State EES in response to Tech's changes in priorities over time towards contracting in research and technological development with national industries and the federal government (especially Department of Defense agencies), and with foreign governments. At that time the 'contracting agency' was assigned its modern name, the Georgia Tech Research Corporation (GTRC); and the Engineering Experiment Station, now fully integrated into the academic and research structure of Georgia Tech, succeeded to its new name, the Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI).
<Pauline_Brunius>	Pauline Brunius, née Emma Maria Pauline Lindstedt (10 February 1881 in Stockholm – 30 March 1954 in Stockholm) was a Swedish stage and film actor, screenwriter and film and theatre director. She was the managing director of the Royal Dramatic Theatre from 1938 to 1948.Born in 1881, Brunius became a ballet student in 1891, but ended her ballet studies in favor of spoken drama. She was engaged at the theatre Olympiateatern in 1902. Jointly with her spouse (John W. Brunius) and colleague, Gösta Ekman (senior), she was the managing director of the theatre Oscarsteatern in 1926–1932. In 1938, she was engaged as the managing director of the Royal Dramatic Theatre.
<Hibernian_F.C.>	Hibernian Football Club (/hɪˈbɜːrniən/), commonly known as Hibs, is a professional football club based in the Leith area of Edinburgh, Scotland. The club plays in the Scottish Premiership, the top tier of the Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL). The club was founded in 1875 by members of Edinburgh's Irish community, and named after the Roman word for Ireland. Nowadays, while the Irish heritage of Hibernian is still reflected in the name, colours and badge, support for the club is now based more on geography than ethnicity or religion. Their local rivals are Heart of Midlothian, with whom they contest the Edinburgh derby.Home matches are played at Easter Road, which has been in use since 1893, when the club joined the Scottish Football League. The name of the club is regularly shortened to Hibs, with the team also being known as The Hibees (pronounced /ˈhaɪbiːz/) and supporters known as Hibbies. Another nickname is The Cabbage, derived from the shortened rhyming slang for Hibs ("Cabbage and Ribs").
<Seagram>	The Seagram Company Ltd. (which traded as Seagram's) was a Canadian multinational conglomerate formerly headquartered in Montreal, Quebec. Originally a distiller of Canadian whisky based in Waterloo, Ontario, it was once (in the 1990s) the largest owner of alcoholic beverage lines in the world.Toward the end of its independent existence, it also controlled various entertainment and other business ventures. Its purchase of MCA Inc., whose assets included Universal Studios and its theme parks, was financed through the sale of Seagram's 25% holding of chemical company DuPont, a position it acquired in 1981.Seagram later imploded, with its beverage assets wholesaled off to various industry titans, notably Diageo, Infinium Spirits, and Pernod Ricard. Universal's television holdings were sold to media entrepreneur Barry Diller, and the balance of the Universal entertainment empire and what was Seagram was sold to French conglomerate Vivendi in 2000.
<Fernando_Carrillo>	Fernando Enrique Carrillo Roselli (born January 6, 1966, in Caracas, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan actor, model and singer.Fernando Enrique Carrillo Roselli was born on January 6, 1966, in Caracas, Venezuela. He was mostly educated in London. He graduated from the Central University of Venezuela.
<Daniel_Kleppner>	Daniel Kleppner, born 1932, is the Lester Wolfe Professor Emeritus of Physics at MIT and co-director of the MIT-Harvard Center for Ultracold Atoms. His areas of science include Atomic, Molecular, and Optical Physics, and his research interests include Experimental Atomic Physics, Laser Spectroscopy, and High Precision Measurements. He is the winner of the 2005 Wolf Prize in Physics, the 2007 Frederic Ives Medal, and the 2014 Benjamin Franklin Medal. Prof. Kleppner has also been awarded the National Medal of Science (2006). He was elected the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1986, the French Academy of Sciences in 2004, and the American Philosophical Society in 2007. Together with Robert J. Kolenkow, he authored a popular introductory mechanics textbook for advanced students.  Kleppner graduated from Williams College with a B.A. in 1953, Cambridge University with a B.A. in 1955, and Harvard University with a Ph.D. in 1959.Kleppner's father was Otto Kleppner, founder of an advertising agency.Kleppner graduated from Williams College in 1953 in Williamstown, Massachusetts. He also attended Cambridge University in Cambridge, England, and Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts, where he attended the Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences.[citation needed]
<Al_Jolson>	Al Jolson (born Eizer Yoelson; June 9, 1886 – October 23, 1950) was a Lithuanian-American Jewish singer, comedian, actor, and vaudevillian. He was one of the United States' most famous and highest-paid stars of the 1920s, and was self-billed as "The World's Greatest Entertainer." Jolson was known for his "shamelessly sentimental, melodramatic approach" towards performing, as well as for popularizing many of the songs he sang. Jolson has been referred to by modern critics as "the king of blackface performers."Although best remembered today as the star of the first talking picture, The Jazz Singer (1927), he starred in a series of successful musical films during the 1930s. After the attack on Pearl Harbor in December 1941, he was the first star to entertain troops overseas during World War II. After a period of inactivity, his stardom returned with The Jolson Story (1946), in which Larry Parks played Jolson, with the singer dubbing for Parks. The formula was repeated in a sequel, Jolson Sings Again (1949). In 1950, he again became the first star to entertain GIs on active service in the Korean War, performing 42 shows in 16 days. He died weeks after returning to the U.S., partly owing to the physical exhaustion from the performance schedule. Defense Secretary George Marshall posthumously awarded him the Medal for Merit.
<Sporting_Clube_de_Portugal_B>	Sporting Clube de Portugal B is the reserve team of Portuguese football club Sporting CP, a team based in Lisbon. Reserve teams in Portugal play in the same league system as the senior team, rather than in a reserve team league. However, they cannot play in the same division as their senior team, so Sporting B is ineligible for promotion to the Primeira Liga and could not play in the Taça de Portugal and Taça da Liga. The team play at the Estádio Aurélio Pereira in the Academia Sporting which holds a seating capacity of 1,200.Sporting had a B team until the end of the 2003–04 season when was dissolved. The team was refounded in the 2012–13 season, when a new set of rules regarding B teams was introduced in Portuguese football system. In that season, another five B-teams were refounded and entered into Segunda Liga. In the 2017–18 season after the creation of a sub-23 championship, club president Bruno de Carvalho announced the end of Sporting CP B.President Frederico Varandas decided to refound Sporting CP B in 2019. In 2021 Sporting CP B is going to play in Liga 3, a new tier in the Portuguese league system.
<Elizabeth_(film)>	Elizabeth is a 1998 British biographical period drama film directed by Shekhar Kapur and written by Michael Hirst. It stars Cate Blanchett in the title role of Elizabeth I of England, with Geoffrey Rush, Christopher Eccleston, Joseph Fiennes, John Gielgud, and Richard Attenborough in supporting roles. The film is based on the early years of Elizabeth's reign, where she is elevated to the throne after the death of her half-sister Mary I, who had imprisoned her. As she establishes herself on the throne, she faces plots and threats to take her down.Elizabeth premiered at the 55th Venice International Film Festival on 8 September 1998 and was theatrically released in the United Kingdom on 23 October. The film became a critical and commercial success. Reviewers praised Kapur's direction, costume design, production values and most notably Blanchett's titular performance, bringing her to international recognition, while the film grossed $82 million against its $30 million budget.
<Johannesburg>	Johannesburg (/dʒoʊˈhænɪsbɜːrɡ/ joh-HAN-iss-burg, US also /-ˈhɑːn-/ -⁠HAHN-, Afrikaans: [juəˈɦanəsbœrχ]; Zulu and Xhosa: eGoli [ɛˈɡɔːli]), colloquially known as Jozi, Joburg, or "The City of Gold", is the largest city in South Africa, classified as a megacity, and is one of the 100 largest urban areas in the world. According to Demographia, the Johannesburg–Pretoria urban area (combined because of strong transport links that make commuting feasible) is the 26th-largest in the world in terms of population, with 14,167,000 inhabitants. It is the provincial capital and largest city of Gauteng, which is the wealthiest province in South Africa. Johannesburg is the seat of the Constitutional Court, the highest court in South Africa. Most of the major South African companies and banks have their head offices in Johannesburg. The city is located in the mineral-rich Witwatersrand range of hills and is the centre of large-scale gold and diamond trade.The city was established in 1886 following the discovery of gold on what had been a farm. Due to the extremely large gold deposit found along the Witwatersrand, within ten years, the population had grown to 100,000 inhabitants. A separate city from the late 1970s until 1994, Soweto is now part of Johannesburg. Originally an acronym for "South-Western Townships", Soweto originated as a collection of settlements on the outskirts of Johannesburg, populated mostly by native African workers from the gold mining industry. Soweto, although eventually incorporated into Johannesburg, had been separated as a residential area for blacks only (no whites allowed), who were not permitted to live in other White designated suburbs of Johannesburg. Lenasia is predominantly populated by English-speaking South Africans of Indian descent. These areas were designated as non-white areas in accordance with the segregationist policies of the South African government known as apartheid. It was one of the host cities of the official tournament of the 2010 FIFA World Cup—and it hosted the final.
<Boxhill_(Louisville)>	Boxhill, also called Winkworth, is a Georgian Revival house in Glenview, Kentucky, a small city east of Louisville, Kentucky. It was built in 1906 or 1910 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.As with other nearby mansions such as Lincliff, Boxhill reflects a period of Louisville history around the turn of the 20th century where wealthy Louisvillians built showcase homes along the Ohio River above Downtown Louisville. The 29 remaining mansions constitute the largest such collection along the 981-mile long river, and are among the best-preserved collections of turn-of-the-century estates in the United States.William E. Chess, president of the Chess and Wymond Cooperage Company, built Boxhill on a 75-acre (30 ha) tract on the Ohio River that he bought in 1906. The house, located on a bluff above the river, was completed by 1910. The Georgian revival house is reputed to have been designed by Boston architect Joseph E. Chandler. The landscaping, including elaborate gardens and a long tree-lined mall leading from the road to the house, is thought to have been planned by Bryant Fleming, a landscape architect from Buffalo, New York.
<Njue_Kevin>	Njué Kevin (born 19 February 1992) is a Kenyan film director, producer and screenwriter. He is best known for writing and directing the film 18 Hours which won the Best Overall Movie in Africa, AMVCA 2018. This category had never seen a Kenyan film be nominated, and so marked history as the first Kenyan film to be nominated and win in the history of the awards.Njue became the first Kenyan filmmaker to be listed on the Forbes Africa under 30 list 2019 (Creatives).
<São_Paulo_FC>	São Paulo Futebol Clube (Brazilian Portuguese: [sɐ̃w ˈpawlu futʃiˈbɔw ˈklubi] (listen)), commonly referred to as São Paulo, is a professional football club in the Morumbi district of São Paulo, Brazil, founded in 1930. It plays in the Campeonato Paulista (the State of São Paulo's premier state league) and Campeonato Brasileiro (the top tier of the Brazilian football league system). It is one of just three clubs to have never been relegated from the Série A, alongside Flamengo and Santos.São Paulo is one of the most successful teams in Brazil with 22 state titles, 6 Brasileirão titles, 3 Copa Libertadores titles, 1 Copa Sudamericana, 1 Supercopa Libertadores, 1 Copa CONMEBOL, 1 Copa Masters CONMEBOL, 2 Recopa Sudamericanas, 2 Intercontinental Cup and 1 FIFA Club World Cup.São Paulo was an inaugural member of the Clube dos 13, group of Brazil's leading football clubs. The club's most consistent spell of success came in the 1990s under coach Telê Santana when it won 2 state titles, one national championship, 2 Copa Libertadores, 2 Recopa Sudamericanas, 2 Intercontinental Cups, 1 Supercopa Sudamericana, 1 Copa CONMEBOL and 1 Copa Masters CONMEBOL.
<Enchanted_April_(1935_film)>	Enchanted April is a 1935 American comedy drama film directed by Harry Beaumont and starring Ann Harding, Frank Morgan and Katharine Alexander. It was made by RKO Pictures. The original 1922 novel The Enchanted April has also been adapted for the stage multiple times, and adapted for the 1991 film by screenwriter Peter Barnes.At Hampstead Court Housewives Club, two women sit in the living room with a fireplace. Outside it's raining. One of the women reads a book (a biography of Madame Du Barry); the other woman is nervously looking around the room and finally decides to look up the newspaper. When she sees a certain announcement, she has to talk, saying to the other woman how beautiful it would be to leave dreadful London and go south to Italy, renting a Castle for two or more people and splitting the costs. So they find the way to San Salvatore, and the Enchanted April is there from the very minute they arrive.Their husbands and lovers are soon popping up and passing by, and the Italians who know, understand the English people. A mixture of slapstick comedy and on the other side the rarefied figure of Ann Harding.
<Jay_Leno>	James Douglas Muir Leno (/ˈlɛnoʊ/; born April 28, 1950) is an American television host, comedian, writer, and actor. After doing stand-up comedy for years, he became the host of NBC's The Tonight Show from 1992 to 2009. Beginning in September 2009, he started a primetime talk show, The Jay Leno Show, which aired weeknights at 10:00 p.m. ET, also on NBC. Prior to the premiere of Leno's prime time show, O'Brien's ratings as the new Tonight Show host had already suffered a decline, however. When O'Brien turned down NBC's offer to have Leno host a half hour monologue show before The Tonight Show to boost ratings amid reported viewership diminishing, Leno returned to hosting the show on March 1, 2010. He hosted his last episode of this second tenure on February 6, 2014. That year, he was inducted into the Television Hall of Fame. Since 2014, he has hosted Jay Leno's Garage, and the 2021 revival of You Bet Your Life.Leno writes a regular column in Popular Mechanics showcasing his car collection and giving automotive advice. He also writes occasional "Motormouth" articles for The Sunday Times.
<Philip_Venables>	Philip Venables (born 1979) is a British composer best known for his operatic and theatrical works with themes of sexuality, violence and politics.Born in Chester, Venables studied at Jesus College, Cambridge and the Royal Academy of Music, where he studied under Philip Cashian and was awarded the DipRAM diploma and the Manson Fellowship in Composition.
<Anel_Alexander>	Anel Alexander (née Flett) is an actress and producer from Pretoria, South Africa.In high school, Alexander won the best supporting actress in the ATKV teen acting competition. After playing Liezl in 7de Laan, she starred in the romantic comedies Semi-Soet and Klein Karoo.
<Jessie_Matthews>	Jessie Margaret Matthews OBE (11 March 1907 – 19 August 1981) was an English actress, dancer and singer of the 1920s and 1930s, whose career continued into the post-war period.After a string of hit stage musicals and films in the mid-1930s, Matthews developed a following in the USA, where she was dubbed "The Dancing Divinity". Her British studio was reluctant to let go of its biggest name, however, which resulted in offers for her to work in Hollywood being repeatedly rejected.
<AMC_Networks>	AMC Networks Inc. is an American entertainment company headquartered in 11 Penn Plaza, New York.AMC Networks owns and operates the eponymous cable channel and its siblings, IFC, We TV, and Sundance TV; the art house movie theater IFC Center in New York City; the independent film companies IFC Films and RLJE Films; the anime licensor Sentai Filmworks; the premium subscription streaming services AMC+, IFC Films Unlimited, Acorn TV, Allblk, Shudder, Sundance Now and Hidive; and a minority interest in leading Canadian production studio Shaftesbury Films. 
<Minnie_Cumnock_Blodgett>	Minnie Cumnock Blodgett (1862–1931) graduated from Vassar College in 1884, later becoming a trustee (1917–1931). She is the mother of Katharine Blodgett Hadley (VC '20), who was also a Vassar trustee (1942–1954), and was chairman of the Board (1945–1952).Her husband, John W. Blodgett, built their estate, which they named Brookby, where they made their Grand Rapids home.After Ellen Swallow Richards' death in 1911, Julia Lathrop (1858–1932), another of Vassar's most distinguished alumnae, continued to promote the development of an interdisciplinary program in euthenics at the college.  Lathrop soon teamed with alumna Minnie Cumnock Blodgett, who with her husband, John Wood Blodgett, offered financial support to create a program of euthenics at Vassar College.  Curriculum planning, suggested by Vassar President Henry Noble MacCracken in 1922, began in earnest by 1923.
<Ann_Lynn>	Elizabeth Ann Lynn (7 November 1933 – 30 August 2020) was a British actress, especially prominent during the British New Wave of the 1960s, appearing in many films that represented what is known as kitchen sink realism. Lynn's career spanned 40 years and included roles in many British TV series, including The Count of Monte Cristo (1956), The Vise (1959–1960), Danger Man (1965), The Saint, Gideon's Way (1965), Public Eye (1966), The Champions (episode: The Body Snatchers) (1969), Family at War (1972), Special Branch (1973), Just Good Friends, Minder and Only Fools And Horses.
<Zeidler_Partnership_Architects>	Zeidler Architecture is an international architecture, interior design, urban design, and master planning firm with four Canadian offices located in Toronto, Calgary, Vancouver, and Victoria. In addition, the firm has locations in Beijing (China); and Berlin (Germany).The firm began in 1880 in the City of Peterborough when William Blackwell established his practice there. Eberhard Zeidler joined Blackwell Jr. and partner Craig in 1951. The firm (renamed Craig, Zeidler and Strong) moved to Toronto in 1963. Senior partner emeritus, Eberhard Zeidler, stepped down from the firm in 2009. The firm is now led by a national senior leadership of 11 partners.The firm's main body of work is located in Canada, with some projects in the United States, Europe, the Middle East and Asia.
<Victor_Louis>	Victor Louis (10 May 1731, Paris – 2 July 1800, Paris) was a French architect, disqualified on a technicality from winning the Prix de Rome in architecture in 1755.He was born Louis-Nicolas Louis in Paris. He did not adopt the name Victor until after he returned from a trip to Poland in 1765. In 1770 he married the pianist and composer Marie-Emmanuelle Bayon. They had a daughter, Marie-Hélène-Victoire, in 1774. A full biography of Victor Louis was published by Charles Marionneau in Bordeaux in 1881.
<PRISM_(TV_network)>	PRISM (Philadelphia Regional In-home Sports and Movies) was an American regional premium cable television channel in the Philadelphia metropolitan area. Launched in September 1976, PRISM was primarily distributed through area cable systems, although it was also available through a scrambled over-the-air signal on WWSG-TV (channel 57, now WPSG) from 1983 to 1985.The channel's programming consisted primarily of theatrically released motion pictures, although it was better known for its telecasts of sporting events, particularly those featuring Philadelphia's Major League Baseball, NHL and NBA sports franchises. Due to broadcasting restrictions imposed by the three major sports leagues, as a cable channel, the network limited its distribution to within 125 miles (201 km) of Philadelphia proper (covering an area extending from west of Harrisburg to as far north as Scranton).PRISM launched at 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time on September 1, 1976; it debuted with a message by announcer Hugh Gannon: "Good evening, everyone. PRISM, the pay-television network, is on the air." Following this was the first movie to be broadcast on PRISM, the 1975 film The Wind and the Lion. Ten days later on September 10, the channel aired its first sports telecast: a Major League Baseball game between the Philadelphia Phillies and the Chicago Cubs. At its launch, PRISM only had six subscribers, all located in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania.
<Craig_Shoemaker>	Craig Shoemaker (born November 15, 1964) has had a career in show business, spanning over four decades as a stand up comedian, actor, author, writer and producer. He was named Comedian of the Year at The American Comedy Awards on ABC and garnered two NATAS Emmy awards. His 90-minute stand-up special, Daditude, aired prime time on SHOWTIME Network and was on the front page on Netflix for several months.Craig grew up in the Philadelphia area and graduated from Springfield Township High School.[1] He attended Temple University, financing his college years by working as a bartender and MC for comedy shows. He also attended California University of Pennsylvania. Shoemaker received a Bachelor of Arts degree with majors in Radio, television and film.
<Jenna_Stern>	Jenna Stern is an American actress who appeared in the play "Skyscraper".Stern is the daughter of actress Samantha Eggar and actor and producer Tom Stern. Her brothers are Nicolas Stern and Cameron Cash.
<François_Marcela-Froideval>	François Marcela-Froideval (born 10 December 1958) is a French role-playing game creator, video game producer, and comic scenarist.Froideval had a major influence on the introduction of role-playing games in France, mainly as editor in chief of the Casus Belli role-playing magazine. During this time, he was one of the three authors who established the French term for a "munchkin", Gros Bill, from the nickname of an overly powergaming player once in Froideval's group.He left for the United States in 1982 to join TSR, Inc., where he worked for four years. His writing contributions include several Advanced Dungeons & Dragons rules and monster manuals in collaboration with Gary Gygax, like Oriental Adventures. Back in France, he focused on translating and publishing TSR games until 1989.
<Jae_U._Jung>	M.S. Seoul National University, Korea(1984)Jae U. Jung is an expert in the molecular biology of herpes viruses and their gene products as they relate to cell biology, biochemistry and immunology.  His research addresses several key biological features of virus-host interactions, with a focus on host immune responses to viruses, mechanisms by which viruses induce tumors, and the ability of viruses to establish lifelong infections.
<C._N._R._Rao>	Chintamani Nagesa Ramachandra Rao FNA, FASc, FRS, FTWAS, HonFRSC, MAE, HonFInstP  (born 30 June 1934), is an Indian chemist who has worked mainly in solid-state and structural chemistry. He has honorary doctorates from 84 universities from around the world and has authored around 1,774 research publications and 54 books. He is described as a scientist who had won all possible awards in his field except the Nobel Prize.A precocious child, Rao completed BSc from Mysore University at age seventeen, and MSc from Banaras Hindu University at age nineteen. He earned a PhD from Purdue University at the age of twenty-four. He was the youngest lecturer when he joined the Indian Institute of Science in 1959. After a transfer to Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur, he returned to IISc, eventually becoming its Director from 1984 to 1994. He was chair of the Scientific Advisory Council to the Prime Minister of India from 1985 to 1989 and from 2005 to 2014. He founded and works in Jawaharlal Nehru Centre for Advanced Scientific Research and International Centre for Materials Science.
<Vladimir_Prelog>	Vladimir Prelog ForMemRS (23 July 1906 – 7 January 1998) was a Croatian-Swiss organic chemist who received the 1975 Nobel Prize in chemistry for his research into the stereochemistry of organic molecules and reactions. Prelog was born and grew up in Sarajevo. He lived and worked in Prague, Zagreb and Zürich during his lifetime.Prelog was born in Sarajevo, Condominium of Bosnia and Herzegovina, at that time within Austria-Hungary, to Croat parents who were working there. His father, Milan, a native of Zagreb, was a history professor at a gymnasium in Sarajevo and later at the University of Zagreb. As an 8-year-old boy, he stood near the place where the assassination of Franz Ferdinand occurred.
<Silent_Spring>	Silent Spring is an environmental science book by Rachel Carson. Published on September 27, 1962, the book documented the environmental harm caused by the indiscriminate use of pesticides. Carson accused the chemical industry of spreading disinformation, and public officials of accepting the industry's marketing claims unquestioningly.In the late 1950s, Carson began to work on environmental conservation, especially environmental problems that she believed were caused by synthetic pesticides. The result of her research was Silent Spring, which brought environmental concerns to the American public. The book was met with fierce opposition by chemical companies, but it swayed public opinion and led to a reversal in U.S. pesticide policy, a nationwide ban on DDT for agricultural uses, and an environmental movement that led to the creation of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.
<Nancy_Pelosi>	Nancy Patricia Pelosi (/pəˈloʊsi/; née D'Alesandro; born March 26, 1940) is an American politician who has served as Speaker of the United States House of Representatives since 2019 and previously from 2007 to 2011. She has represented California's 12th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives since 1987. The district, numbered as the 5th district from 1987 to 1993 and the 8th from 1993 to 2013, includes most of the city of San Francisco. A member of the Democratic Party, Pelosi is the first woman elected Speaker and the first woman to lead a major political party in either chamber of Congress.Pelosi was born and raised in Baltimore, the daughter of mayor and congressman Thomas D'Alesandro. She graduated from Trinity College, Washington in 1962 and married businessman Paul Pelosi the next year; the two had met while both were students. They moved to New York City before settling down in San Francisco with their children. Focused on raising her family, Pelosi stepped into politics as a volunteer for the Democratic Party. She was first elected to Congress in a 1987 special election and is now in her 18th term; she is the dean of California's congressional delegation. Pelosi steadily rose through the ranks of the House Democratic Caucus to be elected House minority whip in 2002 and elevated to House minority leader a year later, becoming the first woman to hold each of those positions in either chamber of Congress. Under her leadership, Democrats gained a majority in the House for the first time in 12 years during the 2006 midterm elections; thereafter, Pelosi was elected Speaker of the House, becoming the first woman to hold that office.
<Totally_Fun_Company>	Totally Fun Company is a theme park design company started by Peter Alexander, former Disney Imagineer, Universal Studios creative executive and Six Flags executive producer, based in Tampa, Florida.While at Walt Disney Imagineering (then WED Enterprises) Alexander served as Director of Project Management for EPCOT and Tokyo Disneyland.  In 1982 he moved to Universal Studios where he became Executive Producer of Universal Studios Florida from the initial creation of the park through its opening in 1990.  Working with Bob Ward, he created Kongfrontation, and E.T. Adventure and Back to the Future: The Ride with Steven Spielberg.  Other rides included The Funtastic World of Hanna-Barbera with Mario Kamberg and Earthquake: The Big One. After the opening of Universal Studios, Alexander started the Totally Fun Company.After leaving Universal in 1991, Alexander first created two TV pilots for Nickelodeon.  The first, Go For It was a pilot only, but lead to his writing the treatment and doing concept illustrations for the long running Nick series Guts.
<Mary_F._Lyon>	Mary Frances Lyon FRS (15 May 1925 – 25 December 2014) was an English geneticist best known for her discovery of X-chromosome inactivation, an important biological phenomenon.Mary Lyon was born on 15 May 1925 in Norwich, England as the eldest out of three children of a civil servant and a schoolteacher. She was educated at a grammar school in Birmingham. During that time, she said, she became interested in science thanks to a good schoolteacher and nature books she won in an essay competition.During the Second World War, she pursued her studies at Girton College, Cambridge at the University of Cambridge, where she read zoology, physiology, organic chemistry and biochemistry, with zoology as her main subject. At this time, only 500 female students were allowed to study at the university, in contrast to more than 5,000 men. Furthermore, despite doing the same work as male students, female students received only “titular" degrees, rather than full Cambridge degrees that would make them members of the university.During her studies at Cambridge, she became interested in embryology. She went on to do her PhD with Ronald Fisher, who was Professor of Genetics in Cambridge, where she characterised a mutant mice strain with a 'pallid' mutation and published the research. During the course of her PhD she moved to the University of Edinburgh.
<Stanislav_Smirnov>	Stanislav Konstantinovich Smirnov (Russian: Станисла́в Константи́нович Cмирно́в; born 3 September 1970) is a Russian mathematician currently working at the University of Geneva. He was awarded the Fields Medal in 2010. His research involves complex analysis, dynamical systems and probability theory.Smirnov's Ph.D. was conducted at Caltech under advisor Nikolai Makarov. In 1998 he was employed as part of the faculty at the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm, after which he took up his second position as a professor in the Analysis, Mathematical Physics and Probability group at the University of Geneva in 2003.
<David_Smith_(Victorian_politician)>	David Smith (18 November 1861 – 24 January 1943) was an Australian politician.Born at Sheepshead Gully near Bendigo to miner James Smith and Agnes Thompson, he attended schools in Bendigo before becoming a blacksmith, spending periods in Yarraville and Mirboo North. Around 1886 he married Agnes Elizabeth Reed, with whom he had two sons, Sydney and Leslie. In 1904 he was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly as the Labor member for Bendigo West. Appointed Minister without Portfolio in 1913, he was expelled from the Labor Party in 1914 after supporting the teaching of scripture lessons in state schools. In 1916 he joined the National Labor Party and was a Nationalist from 1917. Smith left the Assembly in 1924 and died in 1943.
<Pedro_Matías>	Pedro Manuel Miguel Matías (born 11 October 1973) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.He spent the vast majority of his professional career in England, representing six teams, mainly Walsall for which he appeared in 162 competitive matches and scored 27 goals.
<Borko_Veselinović>	Borko Veselinović (Serbian Cyrillic: Борко Веселиновић; born 6 January 1986) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a forward.Veselinović progressed through the youth system of Partizan as one of the club's most promising prospects, breaking into the first-team squad under manager Lothar Matthäus in the second half of the 2002–03 season. He was later assigned to their affiliated club Teleoptik on dual registration, racking up an impressive goals-to-games ratio in the Serbian League Belgrade. In early 2005, Veselinović was loaned to Obilić until the end of the season. He scored five goals in 11 league appearances and helped the side narrowly avoid relegation from the top flight. After returning to Partizan in the 2005–06 season, Veselinović again struggled to receive more playing time, but continued to score regularly for Teleoptik in the Serbian League Belgrade. He later also went on loan to Bežanija and Beira-Mar.In early 2008, Veselinović was transferred to K League side Incheon United. He spent two seasons with the team before moving to Chinese Super League club Dalian Shide in 2010.
<Tomasz_Zdebel>	Tomasz Zdebel (born 25 May 1973) is a Polish-German former professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder. He was active in his active career in Germany, Belgium and Turkey. From 2000 to 2003, he played for the Poland national team.Zdebel was born and raised in Katowice, Poland. His father was a football player who worked as a miner during the week. In 1988 the family emigrated to Düsseldorf.
<Sheffield>	Sheffield is a city in South Yorkshire, England, whose name derives from the River Sheaf which runs through it. The city serves as the administrative centre of the City of Sheffield. It is historically part of the West Riding of Yorkshire and some of its southern suburbs were transferred from Derbyshire to the city council. It is the largest settlement in South Yorkshire.The city is in the eastern foothills of the Pennines and the valleys of the River Don with its four tributaries: the Loxley, the Porter Brook, the Rivelin and the Sheaf. Sixty-one per cent of Sheffield's entire area is green space and a third of the city lies within the Peak District national park. There are more than 250 parks, woodlands and gardens in the city, which is estimated to contain around 4.5 million trees. The city is 29 miles (47 km) south of Leeds, 32 miles (51 km) east of Manchester, and 33 miles (53 km) north of Nottingham.
<Hammerwood_Park>	Hammerwood Park is a country house in Hammerwood, near East Grinstead, in East Sussex, England. It is a Grade I listed building. One of the first houses in England to be built in the Greek Revival architectural style, it was built in 1792 as the first independent work of Benjamin Henry Latrobe. Described by Nikolaus Pevsner as a 'demonstration of primeval force', the house was owned by Led Zeppelin from 1973 until 1982.The land previously comprised part of a previous estate known as The Bower, probably named after a family called Atte Boure, who are listed as paying tax to Edward I in the 1290s, a substantial landholding which included parts of the parishes of East Grinstead and Hartfield. Sometime during the 1500s the owners, the Botting family, founded an iron forge to the east of the ponds in the valley to the south of the current house (coordinates: 51°07′36″N 0°03′37″E﻿ / ﻿51.126641°N 0.060212°E﻿ / 51.126641; 0.060212). The forge may have been in existence in 1558, when Hugh Botting left "two tons of yron" in his will; it was working in 1653 but ruined by 1664. The dam has been recorded as 200 metres (220 yd) long.
<Jaguar_XF>	Jaguar XF may refer to:
<Toulouse_FC>	Toulouse Football Club is French professional football club based in Toulouse. The club was founded in 1970 and currently plays in Ligue 1, the premier division of French football. Toulouse plays its home matches at the Stadium de Toulouse located within the city.Les Pitchouns have won Ligue 2 on three occasions. Toulouse have participated in European competition five times, including in 2007 when they qualified for the UEFA Champions League for the first time.
<Claude_Dauphin_(actor)>	Claude Dauphin (19 August 1903 – 16 November 1978) was a French actor. He appeared in more than 130 films between 1930 and 1978.He was born in Corbeil-Essonnes, Essonne.  His father was Maurice Étienne Legrand, a poet who wrote as Franc-Nohain, and who was the librettist for Maurice Ravel's opera L'heure espagnole. His elder brother was the writer Jean Nohain.
<Mykelti_Williamson>	Mykelti Williamson (born March 4, 1957) is an American actor best known for his roles in the films Forrest Gump, Con Air and Ali, and the television shows Boomtown, 24, and Justified. In 2016, he portrayed Gabriel Maxson in Denzel Washington's acclaimed film adaptation of August Wilson's play Fences, reprising his role from the 2010 Broadway revival.His other notable roles include Free Willy, Heat, Lucky Number Slevin, Three Kings, Black Dynamite, The Final Destination, ATL, Species II, and The Purge: Election Year.
<Hugo_Alcântara>	Hugo da Silva Alcântara (born 28 July 1979) is a Brazilian football manager and former player who played as a central defender. He is the current manager of Dom Bosco.He spent most of his professional career in Portugal, amassing Primeira Liga totals of 138 games and four goals for Vitória Setúbal, Académica, Belenenses and União de Leiria. He also competed in Poland and Romania.
<Bill_Snyder>	William D. Snyder (born October 7, 1939) is a retired college football coach and former player. He served as the head football coach at Kansas State University from 1989 to 2005 and again from 2009 to 2018. Snyder initially retired from the position from 2006 to 2008 before being rehired. Snyder retired for the second time on December 2, 2018 and is serving as a special ambassador for the athletics department.Snyder was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2015 and won several conference and national coach of the year awards.  He was the head coach at Kansas State for the program's 300th, 400th, and 500th all-time wins. In recognition of his contributions to the program, Kansas State has named its home field the Bill Snyder Family Football Stadium.
<Véra_Clouzot>	Véra Gibson-Amado, known professionally as Véra Clouzot, (30 December 1913 – 15 December 1960) was a Brazilian-French film actress and screenwriter. She is known for playing Linda in The Wages of Fear (1953), Christina Delassalle in Les Diaboliques (1955), and Lucie in Les Espions (1957). Clouzot also co-wrote the screenplay for La Vérité (1960). Her husband, director Henri-Georges Clouzot, named his production company after her, Véra Films.Clouzot was born Véra Gibson-Amado in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, to Alice do Rego Barros and Gilberto Amado [pt], a Brazilian congressman, writer, journalist, lawyer and ex-President of the United Nations' International Law Committee. Writer Jorge Amado was her second cousin.
<Shirley_Knight>	Shirley Knight Hopkins (July 5, 1936 – April 22, 2020) was an American actress who appeared in more than 50 feature films, television films, television series, and Broadway and Off-Broadway productions in her career, playing leading and character roles. She was a member of the Actors Studio.Knight was nominated twice for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress: for The Dark at the Top of the Stairs (1960) and Sweet Bird of Youth (1962). In the 1960s, she had leading roles in a number of Hollywood films such as The Couch (1962), House of Women (1962), The Group (1966), The Counterfeit Killer (1968), and The Rain People (1969). She received the Volpi Cup for Best Actress for her role in the British film Dutchman (1966).In 1976, Knight won a Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play for her performance in Kennedy's Children, a play by Robert Patrick. In later years, she played supporting roles in many films, including Endless Love (1981), As Good as It Gets (1997), Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood (2002), and Grandma's Boy (2006). For her performances on television, Knight was nominated eight times for a Primetime Emmy Award (winning three), and she  received a Golden Globe Award.
<Falkirk_F.C.>	Falkirk Football Club is a Scottish professional association football club based in the town of Falkirk. The club was founded in 1876 and competes in Scottish League One, the third tier of Scottish football, as a member of the Scottish Professional Football League. The club was elected to the Second Division of the Scottish Football League in 1902–03, was promoted to the First Division after two seasons and achieved its highest league position in the early 1900s when it was runner-up to Celtic in 1907–08 and 1909–10. The football club was registered as a Limited Liability Company in April 1905 – Falkirk Football & Athletic Club Ltd.Falkirk won the Scottish Cup for the first time in 1913. After 1945, Falkirk were promoted and demoted between the Premier and First Divisions seven times until 1995–96, and during the 1970s spent three seasons in the Second Division. In 2005, Falkirk were promoted to the Scottish Premier League (SPL). Falkirk won the Scottish Cup again in 1957 and were runners-up in the competition in 1997, 2009 and 2015. As a result of their performance in the 2009 Scottish Cup, the club qualified for the inaugural season of the UEFA Europa League in 2009–10. Falkirk have won the second tier of Scottish football a record seven times, an honour shared with St Johnstone. They have also won the Scottish Challenge Cup  more than any other club, winning it for the fourth time in 2012.
<The_Left_(Germany)>	The Left (German: Die Linke; stylised as DIE LINKE and in its logo as DIE LiNKE.), commonly referred to as the Left Party (German: Die Linkspartei [diː ˈlɪŋkspaʁˌtaɪ] (listen)), is a democratic socialist political party in Germany. The party was founded in 2007 as the result of the merger of the Party of Democratic Socialism (PDS) and Labour and Social Justice – The Electoral Alternative. Through the PDS, the party is the direct descendant of the Marxist–Leninist ruling party of the former East Germany, the Socialist Unity Party of Germany. Since 2022, The Left's co-chairpersons have been Janine Wissler and Martin Schirdewan. The party holds 39 seats out of 736 in the Bundestag, the federal legislature of Germany, having won 4.9% of votes cast in the 2021 German federal election. Its parliamentary group is the smallest of six in the Bundestag, and is headed by parliamentary co-leaders Amira Mohamed Ali and Dietmar Bartsch.The Left is represented in nine of Germany's sixteen state legislatures, including all five of the eastern states. As of 2021, the party participates in governments in the states of Berlin, Bremen, and Mecklenburg-Vorpommern as a junior partner, as well as in Thuringia, where it leads a coalition with the Social Democratic Party and The Greens headed by Minister-President Bodo Ramelow. The Left is a founding member of the Party of the European Left, and is the third-largest party in the European United Left–Nordic Green Left group in the European Parliament. In December 2021, The Left had 60,681 registered members, making it the sixth-largest party in Germany by membership. The Left promotes anti-capitalism, anti-fascism, and anti-militarism, and is neutral on European integration. It is the furthest left-wing party of the six represented in the Bundestag.
<Will_Haining>	William Wallace Haining (born 2 October 1982) is a Scottish retired footballer.He started his career in the youth team at Oldham Athletic, breaking into the first team in 2001. After six years with Oldham's first team he signed for St Mirren in the Scottish Premier League where he spent two years, returning to England in 2009 to sign for Morecambe. Whilst at Morecambe he had a loan spell at Fleetwood Town. Following his release from the League Two side, where he was club captain, he signed for Hyde.
<Leonel_Fernández>	Leonel Antonio Fernández Reyna (Pronunciation of "Leonel Fernández") (born 26 December 1953) is a Dominican lawyer, academic, and was the 50th and 52nd President of the Dominican Republic from 1996 to 2000 and from 2004 to 2012. From 2016 until 2020, he was the President of the EU–LAC Foundation.Fernández became the first elected president of the Dominican Republic under his political party, the Dominican Liberation Party (Partido de la Liberación Dominicana, or PLD), although party founder Juan Bosch was also sworn in as president in 1963 after the first democratic elections held in roughly four decades in the country. Fernández's administrations have focused much on technological and infrastructural development and macroeconomic and monetary stability. He has served as the party president of the Dominican Liberation Party from 2001 until his resignation on 20 October 2019. He later joined the People’s Force and was nominated as it’s party’s presidential nominee.
<Joan_Capdevila>	Joan Capdevila Méndez (Catalan pronunciation: [ʒuˈaŋ kədːəˈβilə]; born 3 February 1978) is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a left back.Over 15 seasons in La Liga, he amassed totals of 410 matches and 36 goals, mainly for Deportivo and Villarreal. In a 21-year senior career, he also played professionally in Portugal, India, Belgium, and Andorra.
<And_the_Sea_Will_Tell>	And the Sea Will Tell is a true crime book by Vincent Bugliosi and Bruce Henderson. The nonfiction book recounts a double murder on Palmyra Atoll; the subsequent arrest, trial and conviction of Duane ("Buck") Walker; and the acquittal of his girlfriend, Stephanie Stearns, whom Bugliosi and Leonard Weinglass defended. The book went to No. 1 on The New York Times hardcover bestseller list in March 1991 and is still in print as a trade paperback and ebook.In 1974, a wealthy couple from San Diego, California,  Malcolm "Mac" Graham III, 43, and Eleanor LaVerne "Muff" Graham, 40, sailed their 38-foot ketch, Sea Wind, to Palmyra Atoll — 1,200 miles south of Honolulu — hoping to find it deserted and to spend a year or more there. They found other sailors already there, including two male Canadian scientists, but nonetheless stayed.
<SoMa_(novel)>	SoMa is the bestselling debut novel of American author Kemble Scott, first published February 1, 2007 by Kensington Books as a trade paperback original. It was later published in hardcover by the Doubleday Book Club’s InSightOut Books division.The novel appeared on the top 10 bestsellers list of The San Francisco Chronicle shortly after it was released, and eventually reached number four on that same list. In the June 2007 catalog of Doubleday’s InSightOut Books SoMa was listed at the #1 bestseller. In June 2008 the novel was honored as a finalist for the national Lambda Literary award for debut fiction.SoMa is a social satire novel that tells the interwoven stories of men and women in their 20s in search of fun in San Francisco’s gritty South of Market (SoMa) neighborhood. The story takes place in the year’s following the 2001 dot-com bust, an economic collapse that hit the tech hub of San Francisco particularly hard and left the city with a swell of unemployed or underemployed young adults.
<Edmond_Safra>	Edmond J. Safra (Arabic: ادموند يعقوب صفرا; 6 August 1932 – 3 December 1999) was a Lebanese-Brazilian banker who continued the family tradition of banking in Brazil and Switzerland. He was married to Lily Watkins from 1976 until his death. He died in a fire that attracted wide media interest, and was judicially determined to be due to arson.The Safra family came from Beirut, Lebanon and is of Sephardic Jewish background originally from Lebanon and Aleppo.  Edmond's  father, Jacob Safra, had opened the J. E. Safra Bank in 1920 in Beirut and in 1929 it became the Banque Jacob E. Safra which in 1956 changed its name to Banque de Credit National S.A.L. (BCN). By the time he was sixteen, Edmond Safra was working at his father's bank in Beirut, engaged in the precious metals and foreign exchange aspects of the business.
<Real_Madrid_Castilla>	Real Madrid Castilla Club de Fútbol is a Spanish football team that plays in Primera Federación – Group 1 for the 2022–23 season. It is Real Madrid's reserve team. They play their home games at the Alfredo Di Stéfano Stadium with a capacity of 6,000 seats.Reserve teams in Spain play in the same league system as their senior team rather than a separate league. Reserve teams, however, cannot play in the same division as their senior team. Therefore, Real Madrid Castilla are ineligible for promotion to the La Liga as long as Real Madrid plays there. Consequently, they must play at least one level below their main side and they are not eligible to play in the Copa del Rey. In addition, only under-23 players, or under-25 players with a professional contract, can switch between senior and reserve teams.In 1948, Agrupación Deportiva Plus Ultra, a local amateur team, then playing in the Tercera División, agreed to become a feeder club for Real Madrid. Originally formed in 1930, the team took its name from the national motto of Spain. Real gave AD Plus Ultra financial support and in return were given first refusal on the club's best players. By 1949, they made their debut in the Segunda División and in 1952, the club became the official Real reserve team. In 1959, they reached the quarter-finals of the Copa del Generalísimo, losing 7–2 on aggregate to eventual runners-up Granada.
<José_Barkero>	José Javier Barkero Saludes (born 27 April 1979) is a Spanish former professional footballer. A left-footed attacking midfielder, he possessed a powerful long-range shot.He amassed La Liga totals of 159 games and 30 goals over one full decade, representing in the competition Real Sociedad, Numancia and Levante. He added 233 matches and 43 goals in the Segunda División in eight seasons, with five clubs including the second.
<Diamond_Jim_Brady>	James Buchanan Brady (August 12, 1856 – April 13, 1917), also known as Diamond Jim Brady, was an American businessman, financier and philanthropist of the Gilded Age.Brady was born in New York City to an Irish immigrant family. He was born “into humble circumstances on the far lower West Side of Manhattan, the son of a saloon owner.”Brady worked his way up from bellhop and courier. After gaining employment in the New York Central Railroad system, he became the chief assistant to the general manager by the age of 21. At 23, Brady parlayed his knowledge of the rail transport industry and its officials to become a highly successful salesman for Manning, Maxwell, and Moore, a railroad supply company. In 1899 he became sales agent for the Pressed Steel Car Company.
<Camera_Café_(Philippine_TV_series)>	Camera Café is a Philippine television situational comedy series broadcast by GMA Network and QTV. Directed by Mark Meily, it premiered in April 2007. The series concluded in 2009.This Philippine television program-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Children's_Aid_Society>	Children's Aid, formerly the Children's Aid Society, is a private child welfare nonprofit in New York City founded in 1853 by Charles Loring Brace. With an annual budget of over $100 million, 45 citywide sites, and over 1,200 full-time employees, Children's Aid is one of America's oldest and largest children's nonprofits.Children's Aid helps tens of thousands of disadvantaged New York City children succeed annually, by providing comprehensive services of adoption and foster care, after-school and weekend programs, arts, camps, early childhood education, events, family support, medical, mental health, and dental, juvenile justice, legal advocacy, special initiatives, sports and recreation, and youth development programs.In 1853, Children's Aid was founded by Yale College graduate and philanthropist, Charles Loring Brace, with financial support from New York businessmen and philanthropists, to ensure the physical and emotional well-being of children, and provide them with the support needed to become successful adults. Brace was appalled by the thousands of abandoned, abused, and orphaned children living in the slums and on the streets of New York at the time. The only options available to such children at the time were begging, prostitution, petty thievery, and gang membership, or commitment to jails, almshouses, and orphanages.
<BMW_5_Series_(E34)>	The BMW E34 is the third generation of the BMW 5 Series, which was produced from November 2, 1987, until 1996. Initially launched as a sedan in January 1988, the E34 also saw a "Touring" station wagon (estate) body style added in September 1992, a first for the 5 Series. BMW replaced the E34 with the E39 5 Series in December 1995, although E34 Touring models remained in production until June 1996.The E34 generation marked the first time all-wheel drive was incorporated into the 5 Series with the 525iX, and the first V8 engine to be used in a 5 Series. The E34 also saw the introduction of stability control (ASC), traction control (ASC+T) a 6-speed manual transmission and adjustable damping (EDC) to the 5 Series range.There was an unusually large range of engines fitted over its lifetime as nine different engine families were used. These consisted of straight-four, straight-six and V8 engines.
<Alan_Bundy>	Alan Richard Bundy CBE FRS FRSE FREng is a professor at the School of Informatics at the University of Edinburgh, known for his contributions to automated reasoning, especially to proof planning, the use of meta-level reasoning to guide proof search.Alan Bundy was educated as a mathematician, obtaining an honours degree in mathematics in 1968 from the University of Leicester and a PhD in mathematical logic in 1971, also from Leicester.
<Lars_Onsager>	Lars Onsager (November 27, 1903 – October 5, 1976) was a Norwegian-born American physical chemist and  theoretical physicist.  He held the Gibbs Professorship of Theoretical Chemistry at Yale University. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1968.Lars Onsager was born in Kristiania (now Oslo), Norway. His father was a lawyer. After completing secondary school in Oslo, he attended the Norwegian Institute of Technology (NTH) in Trondheim, graduating as a chemical engineer in 1925.In 1925 he arrived at a correction to the Debye-Hückel theory of electrolytic solutions, to specify Brownian movement of ions in solution, and during 1926 published it. He traveled to Zürich, where Peter Debye was teaching, and confronted Debye, telling him his theory was wrong. He impressed Debye so much that he was invited to become Debye's assistant at the Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule (ETH), where he remained until 1928.
<Marshall_Bell>	Archibald Marshall Bell (born September 28, 1942) is an American character actor. He has appeared in many character roles in movies and television. He is known for roles in A Nightmare on Elm Street 2: Freddy's Revenge (1985), Stand by Me (1986), Twins (1988), Total Recall (1990) and Starship Troopers (1997).Bell was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma, where he lived until age 13. His family then moved to Denver, Colorado. Bell attended boarding school at St. Paul's, Concord, New Hampshire, but was expelled. He then went to Fountain Valley School in Colorado Springs, where he became interested in acting after performing as Elwood Dowd in the play Harvey.
<Ford_Taurus_(second_generation)>	The second-generation Ford Taurus is an automobile that was produced by Ford from 1991 to 1995, which served as the second out of six generations of the Ford Taurus. The second-generation Taurus shared all of its mechanical parts with the first-generation Ford Taurus, yet its exterior and interior were nearly completely redesigned. However, its exterior still strongly resembled that of the first-generation Taurus, leading many to believe that the second-generation was simply a facelift of the first-generation Taurus. However, this is partially true because the wagon model, from the B-pillar to the rear of the car, was a carryover from the first generation. The second generation of Taurus proved to be very popular, selling 410,000 units in its first year, becoming the best-selling car in the United States.It would hold this title until 1995, when it was discontinued and replaced with the third-generation Ford Taurus.The exterior of the second generation was completely redesigned from the first generation. Its length was increased by a few inches, and it was a couple of hundred pounds heavier, and had a more rounded roofline. Every body panel, save for the doors, was redesigned. However, many of the redesigned components closely resembled that of the previous generation, leading many to falsely believe that this generation is just a face-lift of the previous generation.The front nose was redesigned with slimmer headlights, while retaining the first generation's "bottom breather" nose, albeit in a more aerodynamically efficient design that flowed into the front bumper. In the rear, it received new taillights that closely resembled those of the previous generation, as well as an entirely new rear clip. The trunk was also redesigned, with a spoiler being integrated into the trunk lid's design to make the car more aerodynamically efficient.
<Edwin_Howard_Armstrong>	Edwin Howard Armstrong (December 18, 1890 – February 1, 1954) was an American electrical engineer and inventor, who developed FM (frequency modulation) radio and the superheterodyne receiver system. He held 42 patents and received numerous awards, including the first Medal of Honor awarded by the Institute of Radio Engineers (now IEEE), the French Legion of Honor, the 1941 Franklin Medal and the 1942 Edison Medal. He was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame and included in the International Telecommunication Union's roster of great inventors. Armstrong attended Columbia University, and served as a professor there for most of his life.Armstrong was born in the Chelsea district of New York City, the oldest of John and Emily  (née Smith) Armstrong's three children. His father began working at a young age at the American branch of the Oxford University Press, which published bibles and standard classical works, eventually advancing to the position of vice president. His parents first met at the North Presbyterian Church, located at 31st Street and Ninth Avenue. His mother's family had strong ties to Chelsea, and an active role in church functions. When the church moved north, the Smiths and Armstrongs followed, and in 1895 the Armstrong family moved from their brownstone row house at 347 West 29th Street to a similar house at 26 West 97th Street in the Upper West Side. The family was comfortably middle class.
<Mayumi_Ogawa>	Mayumi Ogawa (小川眞由美) is a Japanese actress. She won the award for best supporting actress at the 3rd Japan Academy Prize and at the 4th Hochi Film Award for Vengeance Is Mine and The Three Undelivered Letters.In 2008, Ogawa got ordained as a Shingon Buddhist nun. In an interview with J-Cast News, she mentioned that during her tonsure ceremony, only one strand of hair was pulled out. She remains involved in the entertainment industry.This article about a Japanese actor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Manjul_Bhargava>	Manjul Bhargava FRS (born 8 August 1974) is a Canadian-American mathematician. He is the Brandon Fradd, Class of 1983, Professor of Mathematics at Princeton University, the Stieltjes Professor of Number Theory at Leiden University, and also holds Adjunct Professorships at the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, the Indian Institute of Technology Bombay, and the University of Hyderabad. He is known primarily for his contributions to number theory.Bhargava was awarded the Fields Medal in 2014. According to the International Mathematical Union citation, he was awarded the prize "for developing powerful new methods in the geometry of numbers, which he applied to count rings of small rank and to bound the average rank of elliptic curves".
<South_Korea>	Coordinates: 36°N 128°E﻿ / ﻿36°N 128°E﻿ / 36; 128South Korea, officially the Republic of Korea (ROK), is a country in East Asia, constituting the southern part of the Korean Peninsula and sharing a land border with North Korea. Its western border is formed by the Yellow Sea, while its eastern border is defined by the Sea of Japan. South Korea claims to be the sole legitimate government of the entire peninsula and adjacent islands. It has a population of 51.75 million, of which roughly half live in the Seoul Capital Area, the fourth most populous metropolitan area in the world. Other major cities include Incheon, Busan, and Daegu.The Korean Peninsula was inhabited as early as the Lower Paleolithic period. Its first kingdom was noted in Chinese records in the early 7th century BCE. Following the unification of the Three Kingdoms of Korea into Silla and Balhae in the late 7th century, Korea was ruled by the Goryeo dynasty (918–1392) and the Joseon dynasty (1392–1897). The succeeding Korean Empire (1897–1910) was annexed in 1910 into the Empire of Japan. Japanese rule ended following Japan's surrender in World War II, after which Korea was divided into two zones; a northern zone occupied by the Soviet Union and a southern zone occupied by the United States. After negotiations on reunification failed, the latter became the Republic of Korea in August 1948 while the former became the socialist Democratic People's Republic of Korea the following month.
<Anton-Hermann_Chroust>	Anton-Hermann Chroust (29 January 1907 – January 1982) was a German-American jurist, philosopher and historian, from 1946 to 1972, professor of law, philosophy, and history, at the University of Notre Dame. Chroust was best known for his 1965 bookThe Rise of the Legal Profession in America.Chroust was born on January 28, 1907, in Wurzburg, Germany, the son of Johanna and Anton Julius Chroust, an Austrian-born professor of German history at the University of Wurzburg.Anton-Hermann Chroust earned a bachelor's degree from the University of Wurzberg in 1925, a law degree from the University of Erlangen in 1929, and a doctorate from the University of Munich in 1931 .
<Verein_für_Raumschiffahrt>	Max Valier and Winkler, Johannes (President)Ley, Willy (Vice President)Braun, Wernher vonHohmann, WalterOberth, HermannRiedel, KlausSänger, EugenPaul EhmayrThe Verein für Raumschiffahrt ("VfR", English: Society for Space Travel) was a German amateur rocket association prior to World War II that included members outside Germany.  The first successful VfR test firing with liquid fuel (five minutes) was conducted by Max Valier at the Heylandt Works on January 25, 1930; and additional rocket experiments were conducted at a farm near Bernstadt, Saxony.
<Ethelind_Terry>	Ethelind Terry (14 August 1899 – 17 March 1984) was an American stage and film actress.Terry starred in one of the most famous Broadway shows of the 1920s, the musical Rio Rita produced by Florenz Ziegfeld.  She also starred in the film Lord Byron of Broadway.
<Stacy_Carter>	Stacy Lee Carter (born September 29, 1970) is an American retired professional wrestling valet and professional wrestler. She is best known for her tenure in the World Wrestling Federation from August 1999 to February 2001 under the ring names Miss Kitty and The Kat, where she held the WWF Women's Championship once.Carter was introduced to professional wrestling by her then-partner, Jerry Lawler. She made her wrestling debut on April 18, 1998 in Jonesboro, Arkansas for Power Pro Wrestling.
<Dow_Chemical_Company>	The Dow Chemical Company, officially Dow Inc., is an American multinational chemical corporation headquartered in Midland, Michigan, United States. The company is among the three largest chemical producers in the world.Dow manufactures plastics, chemicals, and agricultural products. With a presence in about 160 countries, it employs about 54,000 people worldwide. Dow has been called the "chemical companies' chemical company," as its sales are to other industries rather than directly to end-use consumers. Dow is a member of the American Chemistry Council.In 2015, Dow and fellow chemical company DuPont agreed to a corporate reorganization which involved the merger and split of Dow and DuPont into three different companies. The plan commenced in 2017, when Dow and DuPont merged to form DowDuPont, and finalized in April 2019, as the materials science division was spunoff from DowDuPont and took the name of the Dow Chemical Company.
<Cádiz_CF>	Cádiz Club de Fútbol, S.A.D., known simply as Cádiz, is a Spanish professional football club based in Cádiz, Andalusia.Founded in 1910, the club competes in the La Liga, holding home games at Nuevo Mirandilla, with a seating capacity of 20,724.Salvadoran legend Mágico González played for the club during the 1980s/1990s, and is widely recognized as the best player to ever play for the team.
<Herbert_York>	Herbert Frank York (24 November 1921 – 19 May 2009) was an American nuclear physicist of Mohawk origin. He held numerous research and administrative positions at various United States government and educational institutes.York was born in Rochester, New York where he received his B.S. and M.S. from the University of Rochester in 1943, and went on to obtain his Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley in 1949. During World War II he was a physicist at the Berkeley Radiation Laboratory and at Oak Ridge National Laboratory as part of the Manhattan Project. He was the first director of Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory from 1952 to 1958. After leaving the laboratory in 1958, he held numerous positions in both government and academia, including the first Chief Scientist of the Advanced Research Projects Agency, and the first Director of Defense Research and Engineering.York was a professor of physics at the University of California, Berkeley. He was the founding Chancellor of the University of California San Diego (1961–1964, 1970–1972). He later served as U.S. ambassador to the Comprehensive Test Ban negotiations in Geneva, Switzerland (1979–1981).
<The_Wasps>	Silent RolesThe Wasps (Classical Greek: Σφῆκες, romanized: Sphēkes) is the fourth in chronological order of the eleven surviving plays by Aristophanes. It was produced at the Lenaia festival in 422 BC, during Athens' short-lived respite from the Peloponnesian War.As in his other early plays, Aristophanes satirizes the Athenian general and demagogue Cleon. He also ridicules the law courts, one of the institutions that provided Cleon his power. The play has been thought to exemplify Old Comedy.
<Lauren_Miller>	Lauren Anne Miller Rogen (née Miller; born July 24, 1981) is an American actress, comedian, screenwriter, and director. She has appeared in the films Superbad (2007), Zack and Miri Make a Porno (2008), and 50/50 (2011).In 2012, she starred in the film For a Good Time, Call..., which she also co-wrote and produced, and in 2018 made her directorial debut with Like Father.
<Gary_Becker>	Gary Stanley Becker (/ˈbɛkər/; December 2, 1930 – May 3, 2014) was an American economist who received the 1992 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences. He was a professor of economics and sociology at the University of Chicago, and was a leader of the third generation of the Chicago school of economics.Becker was awarded the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences in 1992 and received the United States Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2007. A 2011 survey of economics professors named Becker their favorite living economist over the age of 60, followed by Kenneth Arrow and Robert Solow. Economist Justin Wolfers called him "the most important social scientist in the past 50 years."
<Peter_Koo>	Peter Ah-Ming Koo (born September 5, 1952) is a Chinese American politician who represented the 20th district of the New York City Council from 2010 to 2021. He is a Democrat. The district includes portions of Bayside, College Point, Flushing, Flushing Meadows Corona Park, Fresh Meadows and Whitestone in Queens.Koo and Manhattan Council member Margaret Chin comprise the Asian-American delegation of the council.
<Chester>	Chester is a cathedral city and the county town of Cheshire, England. It is located on the River Dee, close to the English–Welsh border. With a population of 79,645 in 2011, it is the most populous settlement of Cheshire West and Chester (a unitary authority which had a population of 329,608 in 2011) and serves as its administrative headquarters. It is also the historic county town of Cheshire and the second-largest settlement in Cheshire after Warrington.
<KDDI>	KDDI Corporation (KDDI株式会社, KDDI Kabushiki Gaisha) (TYO: 9433) is a Japanese telecommunications operator formed on October 1, 2000 through the merger of DDI Corp. (Daini-Denden Inc.), KDD (Kokusai Denshin Denwa) Corp. (itself a former listed state-owned enterprise privatized in 1998), and IDO Corp. It has its headquarters in the Garden Air Tower in Iidabashi, Chiyoda, Tokyo.KDDI provides mobile cellular services using the "au by KDDI" brand.  ISP network services are provided under the au one net brand, while "au Hikari" is the name under which long-distance and international voice and data communications services and Fiber to the Home (FTTH) services are marketed.  ADSL broadband services carry the brand name "ADSL One", and IP telephony over copper is branded as "Metal Plus".On April 1, 2002, au by KDDI launched 3G networks using CDMA2000 1x technology.[citation needed]
<Sue_Carol>	Sue Carol (born Evelyn Jean Lederer, October 30, 1906 – February 4, 1982) was an American actress and talent agent. Carol's film career lasted from the late 1920s into the 1930s; when it ended, she became a talent agent. The last of her four marriages was to one of her clients, Alan Ladd, from 1942 until his death in 1964.Carol was born Evelyn Jean Lederer in Chicago, Illinois to Samuel and Caroline Lederer, Jewish emigrants from Austria and Germany, respectively.
<Beautiful_Game_Studios>	Beautiful Game Studios is a British video game developer based in London, England. The studio was set up in 2003 to take over the development of the Championship Manager after its former developer Sports Interactive ceased its involvement. Beautiful Game Studios was majorly restructured in November 2009, losing 80% of its staff.Beautiful Game Studios was founded in 2003, and announced in January 2004 as an internal development team of Eidos Interactive (later renamed Square Enix Europe) that would focus on the development of Championship Manager, after the original developer of the series, Sports Interactive, departed from Eidos Interactive in 2003.
<Le_Monde_diplomatique>	Le Monde diplomatique (meaning "The Diplomatic World" in French) is a French monthly newspaper offering analysis and opinion on politics, culture, and current affairs.The publication is owned by Le Monde diplomatique SA, a subsidiary company of Le Monde which grants it complete editorial autonomy. Worldwide there were 71 editions in 26 other languages (including 38 in print for a total of about 2.2 million copies and 33 electronic editions).
<Luís_Zambujo>	Luís Rafael Margaça Garcia Zambujo (born 29 September 1986) is a Portuguese former professional footballer who played as a winger.Born in Portel, Évora District, Zambujo played youth football with S.L. Benfica. He made his debut as a professional in 2006 with C.D. Olivais e Moscavide in the Segunda Liga, and alternated between that tier and the third in the following years.In the summer of 2011, Zambujo signed with Portimonense S.C. of the second division. In January 2013, after a brief spell with fellow league team C.F. Os Belenenses, he returned to his previous club, scoring his first two goals in the competition to help to a 4–0 home win against C.D. Tondela.
<ITV_Granada>	ITV Granada, formerly known as Granada Television, is the ITV franchisee for the North West of England and Isle of Man. From 1956 to 1968 it broadcast to both the north west and Yorkshire but only on weekdays as ABC Weekend Television was its weekend counterpart. Granada's parent company Granada plc later bought several other regional ITV stations and, in 2004, merged with Carlton Communications to form ITV plc.Granada Television was particularly noted by critics for the distinctive northern and "social realism" character of many of its network programmes, as well as the high quality of its drama and documentaries. In its prime as an independent franchisee, prior to its parent company merging with Carlton Communications to form ITV plc, it was the largest Independent Television producer in the UK, accounting for 25% of the total broadcasting output of the ITV network.
<The_Son_(play)>	A son is a male offspring in relation to a parent.Son, SON, Sons, The Son, or The Sons or may also refer to:
<The_Wanderer_(1994_TV_series)>	The Wanderer is a fantasy drama television miniseries of a British origin, first transmitted on Sky One from 14 September to 7 December 1994, and comprising 13 hour-long episodes.Every episode brings a new adventure, and the story of long-ago brothers Adam and Zachary, Princess Beatrice, and Lady Clare slowly unfolds as the present-day Adam searches for the original Zachary's grave, a magic stone, and a lost book of power.
<Ozzie_Nelson>	Oswald George Nelson (March 20, 1906 – June 3, 1975) was an American  actor, director, producer, screenwriter, musician, composer, conductor and bandleader. He originated and starred in The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet, a radio and television series with his wife Harriet and two sons David and Ricky Nelson.Nelson was born March 20, 1906 in Jersey City, New Jersey, United States. He was the second son of Ethel Irene (née Orr) and George Waldemar Nelson. His paternal grandparents were Swedish and his mother was of English descent. Nelson was raised in Ridgefield Park where he was active in Scouting, earning the rank of Eagle Scout at age 13. He played football at Ridgefield Park High School as well as during his college years at Rutgers University. He was a member of the Cap and Skull fraternity. He graduated from Rutgers University with a bachelor's degree and earned a law degree from Rutgers School of Law, Newark, New Jersey, in 1930. Nelson was made a doctor of humane letters by Rutgers University in 1957. As a student he made pocket money playing saxophone in a band and coaching football. Nelson was rejected to be the vocalist for the Rutgers Jazz Bandits, led by Scrappy Lambert and later Hawley Ades. Nelson was not discouraged and was gracious about this rejection when he met Ades years later. During the Depression, he turned to music as a full-time career.
<Sidney_Coleman>	Sidney Richard Coleman (7 March 1937 – 18 November 2007) was an American theoretical physicist noted for his research in high-energy theoretical physics.Sidney Coleman grew up on the Far North Side of Chicago. In 1957, he received his undergraduate degree from the Illinois Institute of Technology physics department.Coleman received his Ph.D. from the California Institute of Technology in 1962, where he was advised by Murray Gell-Mann. He moved to Harvard University that year, where he spent his entire career, meeting his wife Diana there in the late 1970s. They were married in 1982.
<Wolf_Prize_in_Physics>	The Wolf Prize in Physics is awarded once a year by the Wolf Foundation in Israel. It is one of the six Wolf Prizes established by the Foundation and awarded since 1978; the others are in Agriculture, Chemistry, Mathematics, Medicine and Arts.The Wolf Prizes in physics and chemistry are often considered the second most prestigious awards in those fields, after the Nobel Prize. The prize in physics has gained a reputation for identifying future winners of the Nobel Prize – from the 26 prizes awarded between 1978 and 2010, fourteen winners have gone on to win the Nobel Prize, five of those in the following year.Below is a chart of all laureates per country (updated to 2022 laureates). Some laureates are counted more than once if have multiple citizenship.
<Hallelujah!_(TV_series)>	Hallelujah! is a British television sitcom produced by Yorkshire Television that aired on ITV from 29 April 1983 to 21 December 1984.The series was set in a Salvation Army citadel in the fictional Yorkshire town of Brigthorpe during series 1 (and later in the fictional place of Blackwick in series 2). Captain Emily Ridley (Thora Hird) has been posted there, having been an active member of the Salvation Army for 42 years. Despite the town and residents being seemingly pleasant, Emily is determined to flush out sin from behind the net curtains. Assisting Emily is her niece Alice Meredith (Patsy Rowlands).
<James_Gordon_Hislop>	James Gordon Hislop (14 August 1895 – 4 May 1972) was an Australian medical doctor and politician who was a member of the Legislative Council of Western Australia from 1941 to 1971, representing Metropolitan Province. Before entering politics he was better known as a hospital administrator.Hislop was born in Melbourne to Katherine (née Collins) and James Hislop, his father being an immigrant from Scotland. He attended Scotch College before going on to study medicine the University of Melbourne, where he graduated in 1918. After brief periods working in Victoria, Tasmania, and Western Australia, Hislop left for England in 1920 to undertake postgraduate study. He spent at the Manchester Royal Infirmary and the Brompton Hospital in London, and developed an interest in chest disease which he maintained for the rest of his professional career. Hislop returned to Melbourne in 1923, working at Melbourne Hospital, but the following year left for Perth, where he was made superintendent of the Perth Children's Hospital. He entered private practice in 1927.
<Babe_(film)>	Babe (also known as Babe the Sheep-Pig in the working title) is a 1995 comedy-drama film directed by Chris Noonan, produced by George Miller and written by both. It is an adaptation of Dick King-Smith's 1983 novel The Sheep-Pig, which tells the story of a farm pig who wants to do the work of a sheepdog. The film is narrated by Roscoe Lee Browne and the main animal characters are played by both real animals and animatronic puppets.Babe was filmed in Robertson, New South Wales in 1994 and released theatrically on 4 August 1995, going on to become a critical and commercial success, with several Academy Award nominations. A sequel, Babe: Pig in the City, was released on 25 November 1998 and failed to achieve the same success as the first film.
<Bal_a_Bali>	Bal a Bali (foaled September 22, 2010) is a Brazilian-bred Thoroughbred racehorse that won the Brazilian Triple Crown in 2014, the twelfth horse to do so. He was named the Brazilian Horse of the Year of 2013/2014, having won all eight starts that year with several track records to his credit.In July 2014, he was sold to new owners and shipped to America but came down with a life-threatening bout of laminitis. After intensive treatment, he was finally able to return to the race track a year later, with mixed results. Late in 2016, he was sold again, this time to Calumet Farm for use as a breeding stallion. However, his trainer Richard Mandella convinced the owners to keep the horse active for another year and Bal a Bali responded by winning the Frank E. Kilroe Mile and Shoemaker Mile Stakes. He is the second survivor of laminitis to return and win a Grade I race (the first being Lady Eli in the 2016 Flower Bowl), marking significant progress in the treatment of the disease.Bal a Bali is a dark bay stallion who was bred by Haras Santa Maria de Araras, which is owned by Brazilian banker Julio Bozano. Bal a Bali is sired by Put It Back, a stakes winning son of Honour and Glory. Put It Back became a leading sire in Florida and also has sired multiple winners in Brazil where Bozano had arranged for him to stand during the southern hemisphere's breeding season. As a descendant of the relatively rare In Reality sire line that traces back through Man o' War to the Godolphin Arabian, Put It Back is an outcross for most mares. Bal a Bali is out of the stakes-winning mare In My Side, who was bought by Bozano at a dispersal sale in Brazil.
<Athena_Chu>	Athena Chu (born 25 October 1971) is a Hong Kong actress and singer. She is best known for her role as Zixia Fairy in A Chinese Odyssey (1995).On 25, October 1971, Chu was born in Kowloon, Hong Kong. Her father was a mathematics teacher who later started a business with her mother.Chu attended The Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts from 1990 to 1992, during which she hosted children's shows on the television station TVB.
<Lebanon_Valley_Railroad>	The Lebanon Valley Railroad was a railway company in the United States. It constructed the Lebanon Valley Branch between the cities of Harrisburg and Reading, both in the American state of Pennsylvania. The line opened on 18 January 1858.The company and its line were acquired by the Philadelphia and Reading Railroad, a predecessor of the Reading Company, on 20 March 1858, which put them in direct competition with the Pennsylvania Railroad for the Philadelphia to Harrisburg route.The line now belongs to Norfolk Southern Railway and is part of its Harrisburg Line running between Harrisburg and Philadelphia.
<Mike_Trout>	Michael Nelson Trout (born August 7, 1991) is an American professional baseball center fielder for the Los Angeles Angels of Major League Baseball (MLB). Trout is a ten-time MLB All-Star, three-time American League (AL) Most Valuable Player (MVP) (winning the award in 2014, 2016, and 2019, while finishing second in the 2012, 2013, 2015, and 2018 votes), and is a nine-time winner of the Silver Slugger Award.The Angels selected Trout in the first round of the 2009 MLB draft. He made a brief major league appearance in 2011 before becoming a regular player for the Angels the subsequent season, and won the 2012 AL Rookie of the Year Award unanimously.
<José_Manuel_Casado>	José Manuel Casado Bizcocho (born 9 August 1986) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a left back.Casado was born in Coria del Río, Province of Seville. After starting his youth career at Sevilla FC he finished it at FC Barcelona, only representing the Catalans' C team (soon to be extinct) and subsequently returning to his previous club, spending two seasons with reserves Sevilla Atlético in Segunda División.A defensive stalwart for the B's, Casado also appeared twice for the main squad during 2007–08, the first being on 11 November 2007 in a 3–2 away loss against Villarreal CF. In the following years, after the latter's relegation, two consecutive La Liga loans ensued, both in Andalusia: first with Recreativo de Huelva, where he played half of the season's matches, and newly promoted Xerez CD, where he was featured more but ultimately met the same fate, relegation.
<Bülent_Arınç>	Bülent Arınç (Turkish pronunciation: [byˈlænt aˈɾɯntʃ]; born 25 May 1948) is a conservative Turkish politician. He served as the 22nd Speaker of the Parliament of Turkey from 2002 to 2007 and as a Deputy Prime Minister of Turkey between 2009 and 2015.He was born on 25 May 1948 in Bursa, Turkey. After finishing high school in Manisa, Bülent Arınç attended University of Ankara, earning a Bachelor of Laws degree in 1970. After his graduation, he worked as a freelance lawyer in Manisa. He is of Grecophone Cretan Turk heritage with his ancestors arriving to Turkey as Cretan refugees during the time of Sultan Abdul Hamid II to escape massacres and is fluent in Cretan Greek.Interested in politics from his university years, Bülent Arınç ran for the deputy of Manisa in the 1995 general elections, and entered the Turkish Grand National Assembly from the Welfare Party (Turkish: Refah Partisi). He became also a member of the board of his party, and served in the parliament's justice commission.
<Piet_Oudolf>	Piet Oudolf (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈpeet' ˈʌudɔl(ə)f]; born 27 October 1944) is a Dutch garden designer, nurseryman and author. He is a leading figure of the "New Perennial" movement – his designs and plant compositions using bold drifts of herbaceous perennials and grasses which are chosen at least as much for their structure as for their flower color.Working primarily with perennials, Oudolf practices a naturalistic approach to gardening. Taking a cue from architectural design, Oudolf prioritizes the seasonal life cycle of a plant over decorative considerations like flower or colour. He focuses primarily on structural characteristics, such as leaf or seed pod shape, present before and after a plant has flowered. He explains: "A garden is exciting for me when it looks good through the year, not just at one particular time. I want to go outside and for it to be interesting in all weather, in early spring and late autumn."
<University_of_Bern>	The University of Bern (German: Universität Bern, French: Université de Berne, Latin: Universitas Bernensis) is a university in the Swiss capital of Bern and was founded in 1834. It is regulated and financed by the Canton of Bern. It is a comprehensive university offering a broad choice of courses and programs in eight faculties and some 150 institutes. With around 18,576 students, the University of Bern is the third largest university in Switzerland.The University of Bern operates at three levels: university, faculties and institutes. Other organizational units include interfaculty and general university units. The university's highest governing body is the Senate, which is responsible for issuing statutes, rules and regulations. Directly answerable to the Senate is the University Board of Directors, the governing body for university management and coordination. The board comprises the rector, the vice-rectors and the administrative director. The structures and functions of the University Board of Directors and the other organizational units are regulated by the Universities Act.The University of Bern had 18,576 students in 2019. Of these, 42 percent (7,799) were registered in bachelor programs and 25 percent (4,611) in master's programs, 17 percent (3,096) were doctoral students, and another 16 percent were enrolled in continuing education programs. There were 1,534 bachelor's degree graduation, 1,570 master's degree graduations and 637 PhD student graduations in 2019. For some time now, the university has had more female than male students. At the end of 2019, women accounted for 57% of students.The University of Bern does not have a single large campus on the edge of the city, but has consistently pursued the principle of a university in the city. Most institutes and clinics are still in the Länggasse, the traditional university district adjoining the city centre,  within walking distance of one another. The Faculty of Theology and various institutes in the Faculty of Humanities are now housed in an old chocolate factory (the Unitobler), and in 2005 the former women's hospital was refurbished to serve as a university centre for institutes in the Faculty of Law and Department of Economics (the UniS). The vonRoll site, another former factory building, is in the process of being refurbished to house the Faculty of Human Sciences and the Department of Social Sciences.
<R._J._Harris>	Ronnie Harris, Jr. (born June 3, 1992) is a professional gridiron football wide receiver for the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League (CFL). He attended the University of New Hampshire where he played for the New Hampshire Wildcats from 2010 to 2014.After going un-drafted in the 2015 NFL Draft he signed with the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League (NFL), but was released before the 2015 season began and joined the team's practice roster. After being released from the Saints' practice roster in October 2015, he was signed by the Atlanta Falcons in December to their practice roster where he remained for the 2015 season. During the following off-season, he re-signed with the Saints for the 2016 season, but was again released following the pre-season games.Harris signed with the Toronto Argonauts on February 1, 2017. He was released following mini camp on May 1, 2017, but was then signed by the BC Lions on May 23, 2017. He played in two pre-season games with the Lions, recording two catches for 47 yards and one touchdown, but was released on June 17, 2017 as part of final training camp cuts. Shortly after, he was signed by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers on June 21, 2017 to their practice roster, but was released again on June 30, 2017. Harris was then signed by the Ottawa Redblacks on July 11, 2017 and spent the season on the practice roster and suspended list.
<Linda_Partridge>	Professor Dame Linda Partridge DBE, FRS, FRSE, FMedSci (born 18 March 1950) is a British geneticist, who studies the biology and genetics of ageing (biogerontology) and age-related diseases, such as Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease. Partridge is currently Weldon Professor of Biometry at the Institute of Healthy Ageing, Research Department of Genetics, Evolution and Environment, University College London, and Founding Director of the Max Planck Institute for the Biology of Ageing in Cologne, Germany.Partridge was educated at the Convent of the Sacred Heart School in Tunbridge Wells and the University of Oxford from which she was awarded Master of Arts and Doctor of Philosophy degrees.
<Rachel_Kaadzi_Ghansah>	Rachel Kaadzi Ghansah (born 1981) is an American essayist. She won a Pulitzer Prize for Feature Writing in 2018 for her profile of white supremacist and mass murderer Dylann Roof, as well as a National Magazine Award. She was also a National Magazine Award finalist in 2014 for her profile of elusive comedian Dave Chappelle. Her first book, The Explainers and the Explorers, is forthcoming from Random House.Ghansah spent her early childhood in Indiana, then moved to Philadelphia in elementary school. She attended Greene Street Friends School. Her mother's family is from Louisiana—Ghansah’s maternal grandmother moved from Louisiana to live with them in Philadelphia while Ghansah was growing up—while her father is Ghanaian, with Fanti and Ga family, although his mother moved to London in the 1920s. Ghansah’s mother is a professor.
<Mirch_Masala>	Mirch Masala (Translation: Hot Spice) is a 1987 Hindi psychological thriller film directed by Ketan Mehta. It stars Naseeruddin Shah and Smita Patil in the lead roles. On the centenary of Indian cinema in April 2013, Forbes included Smita Patil's performance in the film on its list, "25 Greatest Acting Performances of Indian Cinema".In the early 1940s, an arrogant subedar (Naseeruddin Shah) (local tax collector in colonial India) and his henchmen ride into a village, scaring a group of women fetching water. Sonbai (Smita Patil) alone stands her ground and politely asks them not to let horses into the village's potable water source.
<Ulisse_Stacchini>	Ulisse Stacchini (July 3, 1871 – 1947) was an Italian architect. He was born in Florence and studied in Milan and died in Sanremo.His major works include the Milan Central Station and Stadio Giuseppe Meazza.
<Jason_Brown_(footballer)>	Jason Roy Brown (born 18 May 1982) is a former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He began his career at Gillingham where he made over 100 appearances, before joining up with Premier League side Blackburn Rovers in 2006. Born in England, was capped three times for Wales after making his debut in 2006.Born in Bermondsey in Southwark, England, Brown attended Riverside Primary School and Deptford Green School as a youngster.
<Trans7>	Trans7 (pronounced Trans Tujuh in Indonesian, formerly known as TV7) is an Indonesian free-to-air television network owned by Trans Media, a part of Trans Corp, which in turn a subsidiary of CT Corp. For the first time, Trans7 was the official broadcaster of 2018 FIFA World Cup together with the sister channel Trans TV, also with Telkom Indonesia, K-Vision and MNC Media (MNC Vision only). Trans7 had broadcast 8 group-stage matches as well as shared broadcasting of quarterfinal, semifinal, 3rd place playoff, and final matches from Trans TV, also from UseeTV (now IndiHome TV), K-Vision, and MNC Sports.The channel was officially launched as TV7 on 25 November 2001 at 5:00 PM local time. The final transmission and broadcast aired on 15 December 2006 at 19:00 WIB. The network was then sold by Kompas Gramedia Group and the new owners changed the name from TV7 to Trans7.Trans7 was established as TV7 based on issuance of a permit by Department of Trade and Industry in Central Jakarta (No. 809/BH.09.05/III/2000). 80% of its share is largely owned by Kompas Gramedia Group. On 25 November 2001, the existence of TV7 was published in State Gazette No. 8687 as PT Duta Visual Nusantara Tivi Tujuh. The logo itself is the letters "JO", which stands for Jakob Oetama (1931-2020), the co-founder of Kompas Gramedia Group. The logo is also loosely based on the Circle 7 logo that used by the American broadcast network ABC for its several owned-and-operated and affiliated stations.
<Army_Ballistic_Missile_Agency>	The Army Ballistic Missile Agency (ABMA) was formed to develop the U.S. Army's first large ballistic missile. The agency was established at Redstone Arsenal on 1 February 1956, and commanded by Major General John B. Medaris with Wernher von Braun as technical director.The Redstone missile was the first major project assigned to ABMA. The Redstone was a direct descendant of the V-2 missile developed by the von Braun team in Germany during World War II. After the Naval Research Laboratory's Project Vanguard was chosen by the DoD Committee on Special Capabilities, over the ABMA's proposal to use a modified Redstone ballistic missile as a satellite launch vehicle, ABMA was ordered to stop work on launchers for satellites and focus, instead, on military missiles.
<Anglo-Saxon_Attitudes>	Anglo-Saxon Attitudes is a satirical novel by Angus Wilson, published in 1956. It was Wilson's most popular book, and many consider it his best work.The novel deals with the significance of two connected events that happened on the same day, long before the opening of the novel. The first was the excavation of an ancient and valuable archaeological idol, a phallic figure unearthed from the tomb of an Anglo-Saxon bishop Eorpwald, known as the "Melpham excavation". Gerald has long been haunted by a drunken revelation by his friend Gilbert, who was involved with this excavation, that the whole thing was a hoax perpetrated to embarrass Gilbert's father. Gilbert told Gerald that he put the idol there. Gerald, while feeling that his friend was telling the truth, pushed the matter to the back of his mind and tried to forget about it. He now feels ashamed that he, a history professor, has never had the courage to try to resolve the matter one way or another.
<IEEE_Alexander_Graham_Bell_Medal>	The IEEE Alexander Graham Bell Medal is an award honoring "exceptional contributions to communications and networking sciences and engineering" in the field of telecommunications.  The medal is one of the highest honors awarded by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) for achievements in telecommunication sciences and engineering.It was instituted in 1976 by the directors of IEEE, commemorating the centennial of the invention of the telephone by Alexander Graham Bell. The award is presented either to an individual, or to a team of two or three persons.The institute's reasoning for the award was described thus:
<Hellenic_Republic_Asset_Development_Fund>	The Hellenic Republic Asset Development Fund S.A. (HRADF; Greek: Ταμείο Αξιοποίησης Ιδιωτικής Περιουσίας του Δημοσίου, Tameio Axiopoiisis Idiotikis Periousias tou Dimosiou) or TAIPED (Greek: ΤΑΙΠΕΔ) is a direct subsidiary of the Hellenic Corporation of Assets and Participations. HRADF exploits the assets of Greece that have been assigned to it and manages the implementation of the privatization program in Greece, and in specific, the implementation of the Asset Development Plan "ADP."
<Henri_Poincaré_Prize>	The Henri Poincaré Prize is awarded every three years since 1997 for exceptional achievements in mathematical physics and foundational contributions leading to new developments in the field. The prize is sponsored by the Daniel Iagolnitzer Foundation and is awarded to approximately three scientists at the International Congress on Mathematical Physics. The prize was also established to support promising young researchers that already made outstanding contributions in mathematical physics.This science awards article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.This physics-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<David_Tilson>	David Allan Tilson (born March 19, 1941) is a politician in Ontario, Canada. He was a Progressive Conservative member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1990 to 2002, and served as the Member of Parliament (MP) for the riding of Dufferin—Caledon from 2004 to 2019 as a member of the Conservative Party. When he left office, he was the oldest serving MP in the 42nd Parliament.Tilson was educated at the University of New Brunswick and Queen's University, and began practicing law in Orangeville, Ontario in 1970. He served as a trustee on the Dufferin County Board of Education for two terms, and then as a municipal councillor in Orangeville for six years. In the latter capacity, he was the founding Chair of Orangeville's Blue Box program and a Director of the Association of Municipalities of Ontario. He also served on the board of Westminster United Church.
<Bushwick_Democratic_Club_House>	The Bushwick Democratic Club House was a building located in Bushwick, Brooklyn, New York City. The building, designed by Brooklyn-based architect Frank Freeman in his signature Richardsonian Romanesque style, was completed in 1892, and designated a New York City Landmark in the 1970s. It was later destroyed by fire.The Bushwick Democratic Club, a political club for local members of the Democratic Party, was first organized in October 1890. After the 1890 election, the members decided to construct a new building for the club's activities, for an amount not exceeding $60,000. A block of land was subsequently acquired for the purpose on the corner of Bushwick Avenue and Hart Street, Brooklyn. Frank Freeman, the same architect who had designed the recently completed Thomas Jefferson Association Building for the Kings County Democrats, was commissioned to design the new building.
<Macquarie_University>	Coordinates: 33°46′31″S 151°06′46″E﻿ / ﻿33.775259°S 151.112915°E﻿ / -33.775259; 151.112915Macquarie University (/məˈkwɒri/ mə-KWORR-ee) is a public research university based in Sydney, Australia, in the suburb of Macquarie Park. Founded in 1964 by the New South Wales Government, it was the third university to be established in the metropolitan area of Sydney.Established as a verdant university, Macquarie has five faculties, as well as the Macquarie University Hospital and the Macquarie Graduate School of Management, which are located on the university's main campus in suburban Sydney.
<William_Hogg_House>	The William Hogg House is an historic house at 54 Elm Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.  Built in 1853 and substantially altered in 1897, it is a prominent local example of Colonial Revival architecture.  The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.  It now serves as dormitory housing for Becker College.The William Hogg House is located west of downtown Worcester, at the southwest corner of Elm and Ashland Streets.  It is a 2+1⁄2-story wood-frame structure, with a truncated hip roof and clapboarded exterior.  Gabled dormers pierce the roof face, and the roof eae is decorated with modillion blocks.  Its front facade has a Corinthian porch sheltering a center entry flanked by bay windows.  Ground floor windows on the Ashland Street facade are topped by half round fanlight, and the upper floor windows are topped by projecting cornices.The house was built in 1853 as the Rice House.  It was significantly altered according to plans by Fuller & Delano in 1897 for William Hogg.  Hogg was owner of the Worcester Carpet Company, one of the largest such businesses in the city (located in what are now known as the Whittall Mills).  Hogg sold the family interest in the carpet business in the early 20th century, and engaged in philanthropic pursuits, serving as a director of Quinsigamond National Bank and as president of the Worcester Agricultural Society.
<André_Lussier>	André Lussier was a physician, rheumatologist,  and professor at the School of Medicine of the Université de Sherbrooke, Quebec, Canada. He was born in 1933 in Sherbrooke and died in 2009 in Sherbrooke. He completed his classical studies and Baccalauréat ès-art at the Séminaire Oblat de Chambly and at the Collège de Montréal (Université de Montréal). He then completed his residency in internal medicine at the Hôpital Notre-Dame de Montréal. From 1963 to 1964, he pursued a "clinical and research fellowship" in rheumatology at the University of Pennsylvania under the supervision of Dr. Joseph Hollander. In 1969,  he joined the founding clinicians and researchers of the School of Medicine of the Université de Sherbrooke and he established the first Section of Rheumatology officially recognized in Québec. In 1970,  he wrote the white paper upon which the specialty of rheumatology is recognized in Québec, two years before its recognition as a specialty elsewhere in North America. In 1975, he co-founded The Journal of Rheumatology, of which he remained the co-Editor until his death. He was the first Director of the Clinical Research Center. of the  Centre Hospitalier Universitaire de Sherbrooke (CHUS) from 1980 to 1984. During his career, he was president of several scientific meetings and conferences (e.g.Canadian Society of Rheumatology, Pan-American League of Associations for Rheumatology PANLAR). He has published over 230 scientific articles and is the author of three books.
<Kurt_H._Debus>	1967 Doctor of Laws, Rollins College (honorary)1967: Space Flight Award (AAS)1971: Commander's Cross of the order of merit (FRG)AIAA fellow1969: NASA Distinguished Service Medal (twice: Apollo 8, 11)1974: Louis W. Hill Space Transportation Award (AIAA)1968: Outstanding Achievement Award (U.S. Treasury)1969: Patriotic Service Award (U.S. Treasury)Outstanding Leadership Award (NASA)Exceptional Civilian Medal (U.S. Army)1965: Pioneer of Wind Rose Award, order of the Diamond (International Committee of Aerospace Activities)1971: Hermann-Oberth Gesellschaft Honor RingScott Gold Medal1969: Career Service Award (National Civil Service Reform League)1969: Americanism Medal (DAR)1939-1943: Technische Hochschule Darmstadt (assistant professor)1943-1945: Peenemünde1945-1950: White Sands Proving Grounds1950-1952: Redstone Arsenal1952-1960: ABMA at Cape Canaveral1962-1964: Launch Operations Center1964-1974: Kennedy Space Center
<Sergey_Shoygu>	Sergei Kuzhugetovich Shoigu (Russian: Сергей Кужугетович Шойгу; born 21 May 1955) is a Russian politician who has served as the minister of defence of Russia since 2012. Shoigu has served as the chairman of the Council of Ministers of Defense of the Commonwealth of Independent States since 2012.Shoigu was the minister of emergency situations from 1991 to 2012. He briefly served as the governor of Moscow Oblast in 2012. A close confidant and ally of Vladimir Putin, Shoigu belongs to the siloviki of Putin's inner circle.
<United_States_men's_national_under-17_soccer_team>	The United States U-17 men's national soccer team is controlled by the United States Soccer Federation. The highest level of competition in which the team may compete is in the FIFA U-17 World Cup, which is held every two years.  Champions    Runners-up    Third place    Fourth place  
<Gerry_Peyton>	Gerald Joseph Peyton (born 20 May 1956) is a football coach and former footballer who is currently the interim coach of Indian Super League club Odisha FC. A goalkeeper, Peyton had lengthy spells with Fulham and AFC Bournemouth. Following his retirement, he went into coaching and acted as goalkeeping coach for several teams, including Arsenal from 2003 to 2018.Born in Birmingham, Peyton's footballing debut came with him featuring for Burnley in July 1976. He thereafter left Turf Moor in October of that year to link up with Fulham. While at the club Peyton was named to the PFA Team of the Year for 1982. He then headed out on loan to Southend United in March where he stayed for another three months. He returned to Craven Cottage in July, ultimately leaving Fulham in the summer of 1986.
<Sigourney_Weaver>	Susan Alexandra "Sigourney" Weaver (/sɪˈɡɔːrni/; born October 8, 1949) is an American actress. A figure in science fiction and popular culture, she has received various accolades, including a British Academy Film Award, two Golden Globe Awards, and a Grammy Award, in addition to nominations for three Academy Awards, four Primetime Emmy Awards, and a Tony Award.  In 2003 she was voted Number 20 in Channel 4's countdown of the 100 Greatest Movie Stars of All Time.Weaver rose to fame when she was cast as Ellen Ripley in the Ridley Scott directed science fiction film Alien (1979), which earned her a nomination for the BAFTA Award for Most Promising Newcomer. She reprised the role with a critically acclaimed performance in James Cameron's Aliens (1986), for which she received her first Academy Award nomination. She returned to the role in two more sequels: Alien 3 (1992) and Alien Resurrection (1997). The character is regarded as a significant female protagonist in cinema history. Her other franchise roles include Dana Barrett in Ghostbusters (1984), Ghostbusters II (1989) and Ghostbusters: Afterlife (2021). She reunited with Cameron portraying Dr. Grace Augustine in Avatar (2009)—which remains the highest-grossing film of all time, and returned in Avatar: The Way of Water (2022).
<Jim_Branning>	Jim Branning is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by John Bardon, first appearing on 29 April 1996 and became a regular character in 1999. He remained in the series until 2011.Jim was temporarily written out of the show in August 2007 due to Bardon suffering a stroke, and a storyline was created in which his character also suffered a stroke. Bardon returned to film four episodes in the latter half of 2008, and returned permanently from the episode broadcast on 20 August 2009. On 1 April 2011 it was reported by the Daily Mirror that Bardon had filmed his final scenes and had left. He departed on 26 May 2011, and, although it was said the character may re-appear in the future if Bardon's health improved, this did not happen and the actor died on 12 September 2014, more than three years after leaving the series. Following Bardon's death, it was announced in March 2015 that EastEnders would pay tribute to him and the character by staging a funeral for Jim.
<Kamal_Dasgupta>	Kamal Dasgupta (28 July 1912 – 20 July 1974), also known as Kamal Uddin Ahamed was a Bangla music director, composer and folk artist. Rāga and Thumri were the main elements of his music.Dasgupta was born on 28 July 1912 in Narail, Jessore of the then British India. He matriculated in 1928 from Calcutta Academy and later completed B. Com. from Comilla Victoria Government College. He earned his doctorate in music from Banaras Hindu University in 1943 for his work on Meerabai, the composer and singer of Bhajans. His early inspiration came from his father, Tara Prasanna Dasgupta. He took his first music lessons from his brother, Bimal Das Gupta. Later he studied under Dilip Kumar Roy, K C Dey (Kana Keshto), and Jamiruddin Khan.[citation needed]Dasgupta sang modern songs in Bengali, Urdu, Hindi, and Tamil. He was also a composer, composing the music for about eight thousand songs. His work was based on classical music and tended towards the Thungri style, though he also drew inspiration from other sources.[citation needed]
<Conservative_Party_of_Canada>	The Conservative Party of Canada (French: Parti conservateur du Canada), colloquially known as the Tories, is a federal political party in Canada. It was formed in 2003 by the merger of the two main right-leaning parties, the Progressive Conservative Party (PC Party) and the Canadian Alliance, the latter being the successor of the Western Canadian-based Reform Party. The party sits at the centre-right to the right of the Canadian political spectrum, with their federal rival, the Liberal Party of Canada, positioned to their left. The Conservatives are defined as a "big tent" party, practising "brokerage politics" and welcoming a broad variety of members, including "Red Tories" and "Blue Tories".From Canadian Confederation in 1867 until 1942, the original Conservative Party of Canada participated in numerous governments and had multiple names. However, by 1942, the main right-wing Canadian force became known as the Progressive Conservative Party. In the 1993 federal election, the PC Party's Western Canadian support transferred to the Reform Party. When it became clear that neither the PC Party nor the Reform Party/Canadian Alliance could beat the incumbent Liberals that governed since the 1993 election, an effort to unite the right-of-centre parties emerged. In 2003, the Canadian Alliance and the PCs merged, forming the Conservative Party of Canada.
<Patrick_Modiano>	Jean Patrick Modiano (French: [ʒɑ̃ patʁik mɔdjano]; born 30 July 1945), generally known as Patrick Modiano, is a French novelist and recipient of the 2014 Nobel Prize in Literature. He is a noted writer of autofiction, the blend of autobiography and historical fiction.In more than 40 books, Modiano used his fascination with the human experience of World War II in France to examine individual and collective identities, responsibilities, loyalties, memory, and loss. Because of his obsession with the past, he was sometimes compared to Marcel Proust. Modiano's works have been translated into more than 30 languages and have been celebrated in and around France, but most of his novels had not been translated into English before he was awarded the Nobel Prize.Modiano previously won the 2012 Austrian State Prize for European Literature, the 2010 Prix mondial Cino Del Duca from the Institut de France for lifetime achievement, the 1978 Prix Goncourt for Rue des boutiques obscures, and the 1972 Grand Prix du roman de l'Académie française for Les Boulevards de ceinture.
<Thomas_Arboe>	Thomas Arboe (22 September 1836 – 8 February 1917) was a Danish architect. Arboe was born at Rønne on the island of Bornholm, Denmark. He was the son of Otto Henrik Arboe and Oliva Elisabeth Saxtorph. He attended the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts building school and ornament school from  1855 to 1862 where he was a student of Gustav Friedrich Hetsch (1788–1864) and also trained under Niels Sigfred Nebelong (1806–1871). He was an Officer in the Royal Danish Army from  1863 where he rose to the rank of captain and was discharged in 1868. From 1868 he was an architect at the railway company De jysk-fyenske Jernbaner (the Funen and Jutland Railways), and from 1880 in Aarhus at the state railway system DSB.
<Nicole_Krauss>	Nicole Krauss (born August 18, 1974) is an American author best known for her four novels Man Walks into a Room (2002), The History of Love (2005), Great House (2010) and Forest Dark (2017), which have been translated into 35 languages.  Her fiction has been published in The New Yorker, Harper's, Esquire, and Granta's Best American Novelists Under 40, and has been collected in Best American Short Stories 2003, Best American Short Stories 2008 and Best American Short Stories 2019. In 2011, Nicole Krauss won an award from the Anisfield-Wolf Book Awards for Great House. A collection of her short stories, To Be a Man, was published in 2020 and won the Wingate Literary Prize in 2022.Krauss, who grew up on Long Island, New York, was born in Manhattan, New York City, to a British Jewish mother and an American Jewish father, an engineer and orthopedic surgeon who grew up partly in Israel.Krauss's maternal grandparents were born in Germany and Ukraine and later emigrated to London. Her paternal grandparents were born in Hungary and Slonim, Belarus, met in Israel, and later emigrated to New York.Many of these places are central to Krauss's 2005 novel, The History of Love, and the book is dedicated to her grandparents.
<Gilbert_Bennion>	Gilbert Bennion (1 October 1898 – 27 January 2005) was, at age 106, one of the last surviving Australian veterans of World War I.Born in Croydon, North Queensland, he was an apprentice railway station master in Townsville when he enlisted on 1 August 1918 to serve in the Australian Imperial Force. He trained at Enoggera, was promoted to corporal, and was discharged without serving overseas. Not having been to Croydon in six years, he visited home to bid farewell to his parents, but by the time his stay was over two or three days later, the boat carrying his unit had sailed for New Zealand.
<SpVgg_Greuther_Fürth>	Spielvereinigung Greuther Fürth (German pronunciation: [ˈʃpiːlfɛɐ̯ˌʔaɪnɪɡʊŋ ˌɡʁɔɪ̯tɐ ˈfʏʁt]), commonly known as Greuther Fürth (German pronunciation: [ˌɡʁɔɪ̯tɐ ˈfʏʁt] (listen)), is a German football club based in Fürth, Bavaria. They play in the 2. Bundesliga, the second tier of the German football league system, following relegation from the Bundesliga in the 2021–22 season.Founded in 1903, the most successful era for Greuther Fürth came in the pre-Bundesliga era in the 1910s and 1920s, when the club won three German championships in 1914, 1926, and 1929 respectively and finished as runners-up in 1920. In the 2012–13 season, the club played in the Bundesliga for the first time, having won promotion from the 2. Bundesliga; it was relegated back to the 2. Bundesliga at the end of the season. On 23 May 2021 they were promoted back to the Bundesliga for the second time. Upon placing 18th in the Bundesliga table in the 2021–22 season, they were relegated back to 2. Bundesliga.
<Hideki_Yukawa>	Hideki Yukawa ForMemRS FRSE (湯川 秀樹, Yukawa Hideki, 23 January 1907 – 8 September 1981) was a Japanese theoretical physicist and the first Japanese Nobel laureate for his prediction of the pi meson, or pion.Physics is a science that has made rapid progress in the twentieth century ... I desire, as I did in the past, to be a traveler in a strange land and a colonist in a new country. (from the foreword to his autobiography)
<Drishyam>	Drishyam (transl. Visual) is a 2013 Indian Malayalam-language crime thriller film written and directed by Jeethu Joseph. It stars Mohanlal and Meena, with Ansiba Hassan, Esther Anil, Kalabhavan Shajohn, Asha Sharath, Siddique, Roshan Basheer and Neeraj Madhav in supporting roles. The film was produced by Antony Perumbavoor for Aashirvad Cinemas. It is the first installment to the series followed by Drishyam 2. It follows the struggle of Georgekutty and his family, who come under suspicion when Varun Prabhakar, the son of the IG Geetha Prabhakar, goes missing.The film began principal photography in the first week of October 2013 at Thodupuzha in Kerala, where the film was extensively shot. Filming was completed in 44 days which was originally scheduled for 52 days. The cinematography was done by Sujith Vaassudev and was edited by Ayoob Khan. The soundtrack of the film was composed by Anil Johnson and Vinu Thomas.
<Manchester_City_F.C.>	Manchester City Football Club are an English football club based in Manchester that competes in the Premier League, the top flight of English football. Founded in 1880 as St. Mark's (West Gorton), they became Ardwick Association Football Club in 1887 and Manchester City in 1894. The club's home ground is the Etihad Stadium in east Manchester, to which they moved in 2003, having played at Maine Road since 1923. Manchester City adopted their sky blue home shirts in 1894, in the first season with the current name. Over the course of its history, the club has won eight league titles, six FA Cups, eight League Cups, six FA Community Shields, and one European Cup Winners' Cup, making them the fifth most successful club in English football.The club joined the Football League in 1892, and won their first major honour, the FA Cup, in 1904. Manchester City The club had its first major period of success in the late 1960s and early 1970s, winning the league title, FA Cup, League Cup, and European Cup Winners Cup under the management of Joe Mercer and Malcolm Allison. After losing the 1981 FA Cup Final, Manchester City went through a period of decline, culminating in relegation to the third tier of English football for the only time in their history in 1998. They since regained promotion to the top tier in 2001–02 and have remained a fixture in the Premier League since 2002–03.
<Janssen_Medal_(French_Academy_of_Sciences)>	The Janssen Medal is an astrophysics award presented by the French Academy of Sciences to those who have made advances in this area of science.The award was founded in 1886, though the first medal was not awarded until a year later. The commission formed to decide on the first recipient of the medal selected the German physicist Gustav Kirchhoff for his work on the science of spectroscopy. However, Kirchhoff died aged 63 on 17 October 1887, a few months before the award would have been announced. Rather than chose a new recipient for the award, the commission announced at the Academy's session of 26 December 1887 that the inaugural medal would be placed on his grave, in "supreme honour of the memory of this great scholar of Heidelberg".The award had been intended to be biennial, but was awarded in 1888 and again in 1889. A statement in the 1889 volume of Comptes rendus de l'Académie des sciences clarified that the award would be presented annually for the first seven years, and then biennially from 1894 onwards.
<Auckland_Art_Gallery_Toi_o_Tāmaki>	Auckland Art Gallery Toi o Tāmaki is the principal public gallery in Auckland, New Zealand. It has the most extensive collection of national and international art in New Zealand and frequently hosts travelling international exhibitions.Set below the hilltop Albert Park in the central-city area of Auckland, the gallery was established in 1888 as the first permanent art gallery in New Zealand.
<Jacques_Chirac>	Jacques René Chirac (UK: /ˈʃɪəræk/, US: /ʒɑːk ʃɪəˈrɑːk/ (listen), French: [ʒak ʁəne ʃiʁak] (listen); 29 November 1932 – 26 September 2019) was a French politician who served as President of France from 1995 to 2007. Chirac was previously Prime Minister of France from 1974 to 1976 and from 1986 to 1988, as well as Mayor of Paris from 1977 to 1995.
<John_Chu>	John Chu (Chinese: 朱中宜) is an Taiwanese American microprocessor architect, science fiction writer and literary translator.Chu was born in Taiwan, moved to the US and began learning English at age six. He read voraciously as a child and was inspired to write science fiction by the works of Ted Chiang. He has attended the Viable Paradise and Clarion science fiction & fantasy writing workshops.In 2014 Chu won the Hugo Award for Best Short Story with the story The Water That Falls on You from Nowhere. Chu also reads for podcasts and translates novels and stories from Chinese into English.
<Carola_Stern>	Carola Stern ( 14 November 1925 – 19 January 2006) was the name under which Erika Assmus reinvented herself as a serious journalist and (subsequently) author and politically committed television presenter, after she was obliged to relocate at short notice from East Germany to West Germany in 1951.She was a co-founder of the German section of the Human Rights organisation, Amnesty International.
<Betty_Ford>	Elizabeth Anne Ford (née Bloomer; formerly Warren; April 8, 1918 – July 8, 2011) was the first lady of the United States from 1974 to 1977, as the wife of President Gerald Ford. As first lady, she was active in social policy and set a precedent as a politically active presidential spouse. Ford also served as the second lady of the United States from 1973 to 1974 when her husband was vice president.Throughout her husband's term in office, she maintained high approval ratings and was considered to be an influential first lady. Ford was noted for raising breast cancer awareness following her 1974 mastectomy. In addition, she was a passionate supporter of the Equal Rights Amendment (ERA). As a supporter of abortion rights and a leader in the women's rights movement, she gained fame as one of the most candid first ladies in history, commenting on the hot-button issues of the time, such as feminism, equal pay, the Equal Rights Amendment, sex, drugs, abortion, and gun control. Surveys of historians conducted by the Siena College Research Institute have shown that historians regard Ford to be among the best and most courageous American first ladies.
<Sonia_Sotomayor>	Sonia Maria Sotomayor  (/ˈsoʊnjə ˌsoʊtoʊmaɪˈjɔːr/, Spanish: [ˈsonja sotomaˈʝoɾ]; born June 25, 1954) is an American lawyer and jurist who serves as an associate justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. She was nominated by President Barack Obama on May 26, 2009, and has served since August 8, 2009. She is the third woman, first woman of color, the first Hispanic, and first Latina to serve on the Supreme Court.Sotomayor was born in The Bronx, New York City, to Puerto Rican-born parents. Her father died when she was nine, and she was subsequently raised by her mother. Sotomayor graduated summa cum laude from Princeton University in 1976 and received her Juris Doctor from Yale Law School in 1979, where she was an editor at the Yale Law Journal. She worked as an assistant district attorney in New York for four and a half years before entering private practice in 1984. She played an active role on the boards of directors for the Puerto Rican Legal Defense and Education Fund, the State of New York Mortgage Agency, and the New York City Campaign Finance Board.
<Sarah_Townsend>	Sarah Townsend, known professionally as Sarah McGuinness, is an Irish singer, composer, producer, director, and screenwriter.Born in Derry, Northern Ireland, McGuinness grew up singing harmonies with her mother and sisters in County Donegal. At Christmas, she sang carols with a young Peter Cunnah (D ream).
<Liverpool>	Liverpool is a city and metropolitan borough in Merseyside, England. With a population of 498,042 in 2019, it is the 10th largest English district by population and its metropolitan area is the fifth largest in the United Kingdom, with a population of 2.24 million.On the eastern side of the Mersey Estuary, Liverpool historically lay within the ancient hundred of West Derby in the county of Lancashire. It became a borough in 1207, a city in 1880, and a county borough independent of the newly-created Lancashire County Council in 1889. Its growth as a major port was paralleled by the expansion of the city throughout the Industrial Revolution. Along with general cargo, freight, and raw materials such as coal and cotton, merchants were involved in the slave trade. In the 19th century, Liverpool was a major port of departure for English and Irish emigrants to North America. It was also home to both the Cunard and White Star Lines, and was the port of registry of the ocean liners RMS Titanic, RMS Lusitania, RMS Queen Mary, RMS Queen Elizabeth and  RMS Olympic.
<Hermann_Emil_Fischer>	Hermann Emil Louis Fischer FRS FRSE FCS (German pronunciation: [ˈeːmiːl ˈfɪʃɐ] (listen); 9 October 1852 – 15 July 1919) was a German chemist and 1902 recipient of the Nobel Prize in Chemistry. He discovered the Fischer esterification. He also developed the Fischer projection, a symbolic way of drawing asymmetric carbon atoms. He also hypothesized lock and key mechanism of enzyme action. He never used his first given name, and was known throughout his life simply as Emil Fischer.Fischer was born in Euskirchen, near Cologne, the son of Laurenz Fischer, a businessman, and his wife Julie Poensgen. After graduating he wished to study natural sciences, but his father compelled him to work in the family business until determining that his son was unsuitable. Fischer then attended the University of Bonn in 1871, but switched to the University of Strasbourg in 1872. He earned his doctorate in 1874 under Adolf von Baeyer with his study of phthaleins, and was appointed to a position at the university.
<Belgrade>	Belgrade (/bɛlˈɡreɪd/ bel-GRAYD, /ˈbɛlɡreɪd/ BEL-grayd; Serbian: Београд / Beograd, lit. 'White City', pronounced [beǒɡrad] (listen); names in other languages) is the capital and largest city in Serbia. It is located at the confluence of the Sava and Danube rivers and the crossroads of the Pannonian Plain and the Balkan Peninsula. Nearly 2.5 million people live within the administrative limits of the City of Belgrade. It is the third largest of all cities on the Danube river.Belgrade is one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in Europe and the world. One of the most important prehistoric cultures of Europe, the Vinča culture, evolved within the Belgrade area in the 6th millennium BC. In antiquity, Thraco-Dacians inhabited the region and, after 279 BC, Celts settled the city, naming it Singidūn. It was conquered by the Romans under the reign of Augustus and awarded Roman city rights in the mid-2nd century. It was settled by the Slavs in the 520s, and changed hands several times between the Byzantine Empire, the Frankish Empire, the Bulgarian Empire, and the Kingdom of Hungary before it became the seat of the Serbian king Stefan Dragutin in 1284. Belgrade served as capital of the Serbian Despotate during the reign of Stefan Lazarević, and then his successor Đurađ Branković returned it to the Hungarian king in 1427. Noon bells in support of the Hungarian army against the Ottoman Empire during the siege in 1456 have remained a widespread church tradition to this day. In 1521, Belgrade was conquered by the Ottomans and became the seat of the Sanjak of Smederevo. It frequently passed from Ottoman to Habsburg rule, which saw the destruction of most of the city during the Ottoman–Habsburg wars.
<Helene_Costello>	Helene Costello (June 21, 1906 – January 26, 1957) was an American stage and film actress, most notably of the silent era.Born in New York City, Costello was the youngest daughter of the prominent stage and pioneering film actor Maurice Costello and his actress wife Mae Costello (née Altschuk).  She had an older sister Dolores who also became an actress and would go on to marry John Barrymore.  Costello first appeared on screen, opposite her father, in the 1909 film adaptation of Victor Hugo's Les Misérables.  She would continue acting in films throughout the 1910s as a child actor and also worked in vaudeville and appeared in stage roles. In 1924, she appeared with her sister Dolores in George White's Scandals. Shortly thereafter, both sisters signed contracts with Warner Bros.  Costello reached her peak of public popularity in the mid-1920s and earned a reported $3,000 a week.Although she had been appearing on screen since her early childhood, Costello was selected as a WAMPAS Baby Star in 1927, a promotional campaign sponsored by the Western Association of Motion Picture Advertisers in the United States, which honored thirteen young women each year whom they believed to be on the threshold of movie stardom. In 1928, Costello co-starred in the first all-talking full-length feature film Lights of New York. Later that same year, she was released from her contract with Warner Bros. after she refused to star as a leading lady opposite Rin Tin Tin once again; she had previously appeared alongside the canine star in the 1926 film While London Sleeps. Costello's final substantial role was opposite her sister Dolores in the all-star Technicolor musical revue The Show of Shows (1929). Costello and her sister performed in the "Meet My Sister" musical number.
<UD_Arena>	Coordinates: 39°44′08″N 084°12′0″W﻿ / ﻿39.73556°N 84.20000°W﻿ / 39.73556; -84.20000University of Dayton Arena (commonly known as UD Arena) is a 13,409-seat multi-purpose arena located in Dayton, Ohio. The arena opened in 1969. It is home to the University of Dayton Flyers basketball teams. From 2001 to 2010, the facility hosted the annual "play-in" game in the NCAA men's basketball tournament (officially the "opening round" game) which featured the teams rated 64th and 65th in the tournament field.  Beginning in 2011, when the tournament expanded to four opening-round games, the arena continued to host all "first four" games.  Overall, the arena has hosted more men's NCAA Division I basketball tournament games than any other venue.The playing court is known as Blackburn Court, named after historic UD coach Tom Blackburn.  The Donoher Center expansion on the southwest corner of the arena was completed in 1998. Named for former Flyers basketball coach Don Donoher, the Center provides an NBA-caliber facility for conditioning and game preparation. The arena was extensively renovated during the summer of 2002. The additions include concession areas, luxury boxes, disabled access improvements, and a restaurant/bar. The venue was awarded the 2003 and 2004 Atlantic 10 Conference men's basketball tournaments.  In 2010, four new video screens were installed, one in each of the arena's corners. Following the 2016–17 basketball season, a 3-year renovation project began at UD Arena. The renovations were completed by the 2020-2021 season, albeit no fans were permitted in the arena due to the COVID-19 Pandemic.
<Forest_of_Dean_Central_Railway>	The Forest of Dean Central Railway was a mineral railway line designed to connect certain collieries in the central part of the Forest of Dean to a new dock at Brimspill on the River Severn. It was authorised by Parliament in 1856, but serious difficulties were encountered in raising the money to build it. It opened in 1868 by which time the principal colliery intended to be served had ceased operation. It was unable to finance the construction of the dock at Brimspill and relied on transfer of traffic to the main line of the South Wales Railway (later the Great Western Railway).It was a broad gauge line, and it was worked from the outset by the Great Western Railway. It was converted to standard gauge in 1872. The limited traffic potential resulted in a continuing inability to pay routine outgoings, and it was leased to the Great Western Railway in 1885.
<Seville>	Seville (/səˈvɪl/; Spanish: Sevilla, pronounced [seˈβiʎa] (listen)) is the capital and largest city of the Spanish autonomous community of Andalusia and the province of Seville. It is situated on the lower reaches of the River Guadalquivir, in the southwest of the Iberian Peninsula.Seville has a municipal population of about 685,000 as of 2021[update], and a metropolitan population of about 1.5 million, making it the largest city in Andalusia, the fourth-largest city in Spain and the 26th most populous municipality in the European Union. Its old town, with an area of 4 square kilometres (2 sq mi), contains three UNESCO World Heritage Sites: the Alcázar palace complex, the Cathedral and the General Archive of the Indies. The Seville harbour, located about 80 kilometres (50 miles) from the Atlantic Ocean, is the only river port in Spain. The capital of Andalusia features hot temperatures in the summer, with daily maximums routinely above 35 °C (95 °F) in July and August.
<Barbara_Fiske_Calhoun>	Barbara Fiske Calhoun (born Isabelle Daniel Hall; September 9, 1919 – April 28, 2014) was an American cartoonist and painter, one of the few female creators from the Golden Age of Comic Books. She co-founded Quarry Hill Creative Center, one of Vermont's oldest alternative communities, on the Fiske family property, in Rochester, Vermont.Isabelle Daniel Hall was born in Tucson, Arizona, on September 9, 1919, to Isabelle Daniel Jones and John Hall, Jr., both newspaper reporters. Both were scions of upper-class Southern families who uprooted after the Civil War and traveled West. Barbara's mother Isabelle, called "Belle," came from Asheville, North Carolina, where she had modeled for the papers with her sisters Mary and Polly. Around 1912, she and her brother A. V., who had tuberculosis, came to Tucson seeking the warmth of the desert and hoping it would cure or remit his illness.John Hall, Jr., was from Alabama, though he had been born in Jacksonville, Florida. His mother, Lucy Herter Hall—a Yankee from Boston who also had tuberculosis. After her husband, John Hall, Sr., died, Lucy came to Arizona with her three sons, John, Richard and Harry. John Hall and Belle met in Arizona during this time.
<Jimmy_O'Donnell>	James M. O'Donnell (November 3, 1872 - October 1, 1947) was the owner and co-founder of the first National Football League (then called the American Professional Football Association) franchise in Cleveland, called the Cleveland Tigers. He was also the manager of a Cleveland semiprofessional baseball team.A sports promoter at the time, O'Donnell and pro football player Stan Cofall established the Tigers in 1919, after obtaining a contract to use Cleveland's League Park for football games. He announced himself as the business manager of a new Cleveland Tigers and was backed by several substantial financial men of Cleveland. He stated that his ballclub could play up to the same level as the Canton Bulldogs, Massillon Tigers, and Akron Indians, if only he could schedule games with them.The team playing in the "Ohio League" until the AFPA was established in 1920. Both Cofall and O'Donnell represented the Tigers at the September 17, 1920 meeting in Canton at the showroom of Ralph Hay's Hupmobile Agency where 10 team leaders created the American Professional Football Association. The Tigers finished the 1920 season, in 9th place in the 14-team league standings. The following season had the Association posting 21 teams, with the Tigers finishing in 11th place. APFA was reorganized as the NFL at the beginning of the 1922 season. To insure its financial viability, the league voted to have each team post a $1000 guarantee against forfeiture during the season. O'Donnell was unable to provide the money and sold the now-defunct Cleveland franchise to jeweler Samuel Deutsch in 1923.
<Oh_Joon>	Oh Joon (Korean: 오준; Hanja: 吳俊; born 4 October 1955) is the former South Korean Ambassador to the United Nations (UN). He became South Korean Ambassador to the United Nations in September 2013. From July 24, 2015 to July 28, 2016, he was the 71st President of the UN Economic and Social Council.In 2016, Oh was appointed by Erik Solheim, the Chairman of the Development Assistance Committee, to serve on the High Level Panel on the Future of the Development Assistance Committee under the leadership of Mary Robinson.
<Bruce_McCandless_II>	Bruce McCandless II (born Byron Willis McCandless; June 8, 1937 – December 21, 2017) was a United States Navy officer and aviator, electrical engineer, and NASA astronaut. In 1984, during the first of his two Space Shuttle missions, he completed the first untethered spacewalk by using the Manned Maneuvering Unit.Byron Willis McCandless was born on June 8, 1937, in Boston, Massachusetts. A third-generation U.S. Navy officer, McCandless was the son of Bruce McCandless and grandson of Willis W. Bradley, both Medal of Honor recipients. His mother changed his name on June 6, 1938, to Bruce McCandless II. He graduated from Woodrow Wilson Senior High School, Long Beach, California, in 1954.
<Norwegian_Wood_(novel)>	Norwegian Wood (ノルウェイの森, Noruwei no Mori) is a 1987 novel by Japanese author Haruki Murakami.The novel is a nostalgic story of loss and burgeoning sexuality. It is told from the first-person perspective of Toru Watanabe, who looks back on his days as a college student living in Tokyo. Through Watanabe's reminiscences, readers see him develop relationships with two very different women—the beautiful yet emotionally troubled Naoko, and the outgoing, lively Midori.This novel is set in late 1960s Tokyo during a period when Japanese students, like those of many other nations, were protesting against the established order. While it serves as the backdrop against which the events of the novel unfold, Murakami (through the eyes of Watanabe and Midori) portrays the student movement as largely weak-willed and hypocritical.Murakami adapted the first section of the novel from an earlier short story, "Firefly". The story was subsequently included in the collection Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman.
<TEDA_Football_Stadium>	TEDA Football Stadium (Simplified Chinese: 泰达足球场) is a football stadium in Tianjin, China. It is the home of Tianjin Jinmen Tiger F.C.  The stadium holds 37,450 people and was built in 2004. The stadium is located in the Tianjin Economic-Technological Development Area (TEDA), and was designed by Peddle Thorp Architects, an Australian architecture firm.Coordinates: 39°1′49.87″N 117°43′8.40″E﻿ / ﻿39.0305194°N 117.7190000°E﻿ / 39.0305194; 117.7190000
<Manhattan>	Manhattan (/mænˈhætən, mən-/), known regionally as the City, is the most densely populated and geographically smallest of the five boroughs of New York City. The borough is also coextensive with New York County, one of the original counties of the U.S. state of New York. Located near the southern tip of New York State, Manhattan is based in the Eastern Time Zone and constitutes both the geographical and demographic center of the Northeast megalopolis and the urban core of the New York metropolitan area, the largest metropolitan area in the world by urban landmass. Over 58 million people live within 250 miles of Manhattan, which serves as New York City’s economic and administrative center, cultural identifier, and the city’s historical birthplace. Manhattan has been described as the cultural, financial, media, and entertainment capital of the world, is considered a safe haven for global real estate investors, and hosts the United Nations headquarters. New York City is the headquarters of the global art market, centered in Manhattan.Situated on one of the world's largest natural harbors, the borough consists mostly of Manhattan Island, bounded by the Hudson, East, and Harlem rivers along with several small adjacent islands, including Roosevelt, U Thant, and Randalls and Wards Islands. Manhattan additionally contains the small neighborhood of Marble Hill on the U.S. mainland, which is separated from Manhattan Island by the Harlem Ship Canal and was later connected using landfill to the Bronx. Manhattan Island is divided into three informally bounded components, each cutting across the borough's long axis: Lower, Midtown, and Upper Manhattan.
<Christine_Kaufmann>	Christine Maria Kaufmann (German: [kʁɪˈstiːnə ˈkaʊfman] (listen); 11 January 1945 – 28 March 2017) was a German-Austrian actress, author, and businesswoman. The daughter of a German father and a French mother, she won the Golden Globe Award for New Star of the Year – Actress for Town Without Pity in 1961, the first German to be so honoured.Kaufmann was born in Lengdorf, Styria, Austria. Her mother, Geneviève Kaufmann (née Gavaert), was a French make-up artist; her father, Johannes Kaufmann, was a German Luftwaffe officer and engineer.
<Edmond_Adolphe_de_Rothschild>	Baron Edmond Adolphe Maurice Jules Jacques de Rothschild or Baron Edmond de Rothschild (30 September 1926 – 2 November 1997) was a French-Swiss banker, the founder of the Edmond de Rothschild Group in 1953. His investments extended to vineyards, yacht racing, farming and hospitality.Scion of the Rothschild banking family of France, he was the only son of Maurice and Noémie de Rothschild. He married Nadine Lhopitalier in 1963 with whom he had one child, Benjamin de Rothschild. He was reportedly the richest member of the Rothschild family until his death in 1997.The only son of Baron Maurice de Rothschild (1881-1957) and Baroness Noémie de Rothschild (née Halphen; 1888-1968), Edmond Adolphe was born into the Rothschild banking family of France. He was the grandson of Edmond James de Rothschild (1845-1934) and great-grandson of the French branch's founder James Mayer de Rothschild (1792-1868).
<San_Diego>	San Diego (/ˌsæn diˈeɪɡoʊ/ SAN dee-AY-goh, Spanish: [san ˈdjeɣo]; Spanish for 'Saint Didacus') is a city on the Pacific Ocean coast of Southern California located immediately adjacent to the Mexico–United States border. With a 2020 population of 1,386,932, it is the eighth most populous city in the United States and the seat of San Diego County, the fifth most populous county in the United States, with 3,338,330 estimated residents as of 2019. The city is known for its mild year-round climate, natural deep-water harbor, extensive beaches and parks, long association with the United States Navy, and recent emergence as a healthcare and biotechnology development center. San Diego is the second largest city in the state of California, after Los Angeles.Historically home to the Kumeyaay people, San Diego is frequently referred to as the "Birthplace of California", as it was the first site visited and settled by Europeans on what is now the U.S. west coast. Upon landing in San Diego Bay in 1542, Juan Rodríguez Cabrillo claimed the area for Spain, forming the basis for the settlement of Alta California 200 years later. The Presidio and Mission San Diego de Alcalá, founded in 1769, formed the first European settlement in what is now California. In 1821, San Diego became part of the newly declared Mexican Empire, which reformed as the First Mexican Republic two years later. California became part of the U.S. in 1848 following the Mexican–American War and was admitted to the union as a state in 1850.
<France_national_under-18_football_team>	The France national under-18 football team is the national under-18 football team of France and is controlled by the French Football Federation. The under-18 team typically participatea in friendly matches and tournaments, such as the Lafarge Foot Avenir and the Taça do Atlântico. The team serves as a feeder team to the under-19 team.France have won the UEFA European Under-18 Football Championship — which ran from 1981-2001 — four times in 1983,1996,1997 and 2000. France also won the Mediterranean Games in 2022.
<A_Promenade_of_the_Hearts>	A Promenade of the Hearts (Arabic: نزهة الألباب, romanized: nuz'ha al-ʾalbāb) is a collection of stories, anecdotes, and poems from the Arab Middle Ages, including some poems on homosexual and lesbian themes. Ahmad al-Tifashi, the compiler (1184–1253), was born in Tiffech now in Algeria and studied in Tunisia, Egypt and Damascus. His interests included law, natural science, astrology, poetry and the social sciences.A French translation by René R. Khawam, titled Les Délices des cœurs par Ahmad al-Tifachi, was published in 1971 and 1981, and an English translation by Edward A. Lacey, titled The Delight of Hearts, or What You Will Not Find in Any Book, was published in 1988 by Gay Sunshine Press. The English version won a Lambda Literary Award at the 1st Lambda Literary Awards in 1989.
<Helen_Stenborg>	Helen Joan Stenborg (January 24, 1925 – March 22, 2011) was an American actress of stage, screen, and television. She occasionally acted with her husband, actor Barnard Hughes (1915–2006), to whom she was married for 56 years from 1950 until his death in 2006; they had two children.Stenborg appeared on stage in revivals of A Doll's House, A Month in the Country, and The Crucible; the original, belated US production of Noël Coward's Waiting in the Wings, for which she was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play; and the Lanford Wilson plays, The Rimers of Eldritch and Talley & Son winning the Obie Award for her performance in the latter.She portrayed Helga Lindeman on the soap opera Another World from 1977 to 1978. Stenborg also appeared in the 1999 film, My Mother Dreams the Satan's Disciples in New York, which won an Academy Award for Best Short Subject in 2000.
<Mike_Cahill_(director)>	Mike Cahill (born July 5, 1979) is an American filmmaker.Mike Cahill was born in New Haven, Connecticut on July 5, 1979. His first forays into filmmaking were with Fisher-Price and VHS camcorders when he was young. He gained his first credit as a documentarian at the age of 17, when he and a friend directed a film titled The Pocket, about D.C go-go music.After high school, Cahill studied economics at Georgetown University, graduating in 2001. While a student there he formed a close relationship with professional colleague and friend Brit Marling, whom he met at a Georgetown film festival, and the two began working on short films together where Marling would act and Cahill would direct.
<West_Perth,_Western_Australia>	West Perth is an inner suburb of Perth, the capital city of Western Australia.Formerly an exclusive enclave for wealthy merchants and politicians, the West Perth suburb is now part of the inner mixed zone, and has predominantly office blocks which have displaced residential buildings.[citation needed]
<Stephen_Smale>	Stephen Smale (born July 15, 1930) is an American mathematician, known for his research in topology, dynamical systems and mathematical economics. He was awarded the Fields Medal in 1966 and spent more than three decades on the mathematics faculty of the University of California, Berkeley (1960–1961 and 1964–1995), where he currently is Professor Emeritus, with research interests in algorithms, numerical analysis and global analysis.Smale was born in Flint, Michigan and entered the University of Michigan in 1948. Initially, he was a good student, placing into an honors calculus sequence taught by Bob Thrall and earning himself A's.  However, his sophomore and junior years were marred with mediocre grades, mostly Bs, Cs and even an F in nuclear physics.  However, with some luck, Smale was accepted as a graduate student at the University of Michigan's mathematics department.  Yet again, Smale performed poorly in his first years, earning a C average as a graduate student.  When the department chair, Hildebrandt, threatened to kick Smale out, he began to take his studies more seriously. Smale finally earned his PhD in 1957, under Raoul Bott, beginning his career as an instructor at the University of Chicago.Early in his career, Smale was involved in controversy over remarks he made regarding his work habits while proving the higher-dimensional Poincaré conjecture. He said that his best work had been done "on the beaches of Rio." He has been politically active in various movements in the past, such as the Free Speech movement. In 1966, having travelled to Moscow under an NSF grant to accept the Fields Medal, he held a press conference there to denounce the American position in Vietnam, Soviet intervention in Hungary and Soviet maltreatment of intellectuals. After his return to the US, he was unable to renew the grant. At one time he was subpoenaed by the House Un-American Activities Committee.
<Uppsala>	Uppsala (/ˈʊpsɑːlə, ˈʌp-/, also US: /-sələ, ˈuːpsɑːlə, ʊpˈsɑːlə/ or all ending in /-sɑːlɑː/, Swedish: [ˈɵ̂pːˌsɑːla] (listen); archaically spelled Upsala) is the county seat of Uppsala County and the fourth-largest city in Sweden, after Stockholm, Gothenburg, and Malmö. It had 177,074 inhabitants in 2019.Located 71 km (44 mi) north of the capital Stockholm it is also the seat of Uppsala Municipality. Since 1164, Uppsala has been the ecclesiastical centre of Sweden, being the seat of the Archbishop of the Church of Sweden. Uppsala is home to Scandinavia's largest cathedral – Uppsala Cathedral, which was the frequent site of the coronation of the Swedish monarch until the late 19th century.Uppsala Castle, built by King Gustav Vasa, served as one of the royal residences of the Swedish monarchs, and was expanded several times over its history, making Uppsala the secondary capital of Sweden during its greatest extent.  Today it serves as the residence of the Governor of Uppsala County. 
<Joseph_Rotblat>	Sir Joseph Rotblat KCMG CBE FRS (4 November 1908 – 31 August 2005) was a Polish and British physicist. During World War II he worked on Tube Alloys and the Manhattan Project, but left the Los Alamos Laboratory on grounds of conscience after it became clear that Germany had ceased development of an atomic bomb in 1942.His work on nuclear fallout was a major contribution toward the ratification of the 1963 Partial Nuclear Test Ban Treaty.  A signatory of the 1955 Russell–Einstein Manifesto, he was secretary-general of the Pugwash Conferences on Science and World Affairs from their founding until 1973 and shared, with the Pugwash Conferences, the 1995 Nobel Peace Prize "for efforts to diminish the part played by nuclear arms in international affairs and, in the longer run, to eliminate such arms."
<Bangalore>	Bangalore (/bæŋɡəˈlɔːr/), officially Bengaluru (Kannada pronunciation: [ˈbeŋgɐɭuːɾu] (listen)), is the capital and largest city of the Indian state of Karnataka. It has a population of more than 8 million and a metropolitan population of around 11 million, making it the third most populous city and fifth most populous urban agglomeration in India, as well as the largest city in South India, and the 27th largest city in the world. Located on the Deccan Plateau, at a height of over 900 m (3,000 ft) above sea level, Bangalore has a pleasant climate throughout the year, with its parks and green spaces earning it the reputation as the "Garden City" of India. Its elevation is the highest among the major cities of India. An aerospace, heavy engineering and electronics hub since the 1960s, Bangalore is widely regarded as the "Silicon Valley of India" because of its role as the nation's leading information technology (IT) exporter. In the Ease of Living Index 2020 (published by the Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs), it was ranked the most livable Indian city with a population of over a million.  It also ranks among the highest Indian cities in terms of global livability rankings as well.
<Little_Dorrit_(TV_series)>	Little Dorrit is a 2008 British miniseries based on Charles Dickens's serial novel of the same title, originally published between 1855 and 1857. The screenplay is by Andrew Davies and the episodes were directed by Adam Smith, Dearbhla Walsh, and Diarmuid Lawrence.The series was a joint production of the BBC and the American PBS member station WGBH Boston. It originally was broadcast by BBC One and BBC HD, beginning on 26 October 2008 with a 60-minute opening episode, followed by 12 half-hour episodes and a 60-minute finale. In the United States, it aired in five episodes as part of PBS's Masterpiece series between 29 March and 26 April 2009. In Australia, episodes were combined into seven-parts on ABC1 each Sunday at 8:30pm from 27 June 2010 and has since been repeated on UKTV.
<Atinale_Al_Precio>	Atínale al Precio (Get the Price Right) is a Mexican game show based on The Price Is Right that has aired in two separate runs on Televisa, both hosted by Marco Antonio Regil. The format is similar to the American version of the show, featuring many pricing games that have also appeared on that version.This version borrowed many elements from the American version (from set, game styles and a salsa arrangement of the U.S. main theme). Regil was pointed out by American host Bob Barker in the VIP of the audience of a U.S. episode in 1997 and was a candidate to host the US version during the 2007 tryouts. This show also included a light border in its intro, a la the U.S. show, but other elements were borrowed from the UK Bob Warman's show, like in-show sponsorship and a car in the Showcase Showdown.The four players in Contestants' Row compete in a One Bid qualifying game to determine which contestant will play the next pricing game. A prize usually worth MXN$2,500 or less is shown and, beginning with the last player to be called down (or the player farthest-left during the first One Bid), each contestant gives a single bid for the item. The order of bidding moves from left to right. Contestants must bid in whole pesos and may not bid the same amount as any player bid previously for that item. The player whose bid is closest to the actual retail price of the prize without going over wins the prize and plays the next pricing game.  A bonus of MXN$1,000 is given for bidding the exact price of the item.
<A._P._J._Abdul_Kalam>	Books and publications
<Royal_College_of_Physicians_of_Edinburgh>	The Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh (RCPE) is a medical royal college in Scotland. It is one of three organisations that sets the specialty training standards for physicians in the United Kingdom. It was established by Royal charter in 1681. The college claims to have 12,000 fellows and members worldwide.The RCPE was formed by a royal charter, granted in 1681, with Sir Robert Sibbald recognised as playing a key part in the negotiations. Three applications preceded this and had been unsuccessful. There were 21 original Fellows, eleven of whom were graduates or students of the University of Leiden. The Universities (Scotland) Act 1858 resulted in several items from the College's Charter becoming obsolete, and they obtained a further charter on 31 October 1861. In 1920 the College enacted changes that allowed women to be admitted on the same terms as men. The charter was amended on 7 May 2005.
<Clay's_Way>	Clay's Way is the debut novel of American writer Blair Mastbaum. Released in 2004 by Alyson Books, this contemporary novel, which won the Lambda Literary Award for LGBT Debut Fiction, follows 15-year-old gay skateboarder Sam and the object of his affection, conflicted surfer Clay around Honolulu.Poet and novelist Trebor Healey called Clay's Way "a brilliantly raw and insightful coming-of-age story for a new queer generation" and concluded as "a coming of age novel, it hits pay dirt because, instead of a happy ending, it ends on a note of expansion: Something has happened to Sam that, after the smoke has cleared, causes him to look up at the sky and realize he's no longer Sam the kid, but Sam the man." The Gay & Lesbian Review found it an "impressive comic debut novel" and that  "Mastbaum’s quirky narrator and comic verve propel the reader through this story of painful yet instructive young love made art for readers of all ages."
<Victoria_Stadium_(Gibraltar)>	Victoria Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Gibraltar. It is currently used mostly for football matches, but also hosts the annual Gibraltar Music Festival. It is located close to Gibraltar Airport just off Winston Churchill Avenue. It was named after the wife of Gibraltarian philanthropist John Mackintosh.Despite initial plans to replace the stadium in the 2010s, the Gibraltar Football Association purchased the stadium from the Government of Gibraltar in April 2017 in order to improve and renovate it.  The redevelopment of the stadium is due to start in late 2022, with the national team announcing they will play UEFA and FIFA games in Faro, Portugal.
<50–50_(game_show)>	Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? (often informally called Millionaire) is an international television game show franchise of British origin, created by David Briggs, Mike Whitehill and Steven Knight. In its format, currently owned and licensed by Sony Pictures Television, contestants tackle a series of multiple-choice questions to win large cash prizes in a format that twists on many game show genre conventions – only one contestant plays at a time, similar to radio quizzes; contestants are given the question before deciding whether to answer, and have no time limit to answer questions; and the amount offered increases as they tackle questions that become increasingly difficult. The maximum cash prize offered in most versions of the format is an aspirational value in local currency, such as one million pounds in the U.K. or 75 million rupees (7.5 crore) in India.The original British version debuted on 4 September 1998 on the ITV network, hosted by Chris Tarrant, who presented his final episode on 11 February 2014 after which the show was discontinued. A revived series of seven episodes to commemorate its 20th anniversary aired from 5 to 11 May 2018, hosted by Jeremy Clarkson. The revival received mostly positive reviews from critics and fans, as well as high viewing figures, leading ITV to renew the show for several more series. Since its debut, international variants of the game show have been aired in around 160 countries.
<Karma_Cola>	Karma Cola is a non-fiction book about India written by Gita Mehta originally published in 1979 by Simon & Schuster.The story begins in the late '60s, when hundreds of thousands of Westerners descended upon India, disciples of a cultural revolution that proclaimed that the magic and mystery missing from their lives was to be found in the East. An Indian writer who has also lived in England and the United States, Gita Mehta observed the spectacle of European and American "pilgrims" interacting with their hosts, and recorded her observations in Karma Cola. It describes the traditions of an ancient and long-lived society being turned into commodities and sold to those who don't understand them.Reprints include: 
<George_N._Stearns>	George Noble Stearns (September 29, 1812 – July 19, 1882) was a tool designer and founded the George N. Stearns Company, a hardware business, in 1860 in Syracuse, New York.After he became seriously ill in 1877, his son, Edward C. Stearns and daughter, Avis Stearns Van Wagenen took control of the firm and renamed it to E. C. Stearns & Company.
<Peter_Ganine>	Peter Ganine (October 11, 1900 – August 11, 1974) was a Georgian-Russian-American sculptor best known for his work in ceramics and his chess sets.Ganine began his art studies in Russia. He spent five years as a trader in the Belgian Congo before coming to the US in 1931, on a scholarship to Corcoran Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C. He settled in Hollywood in 1932, where he lived until his death. His work was championed by longtime Los Angeles Times art editor and critic Arthur Millier.He served as an aircraft patternmaker during World War II.
<Jan_Rubeš>	Jan Ladislav Rubeš CM (6 June 1920 – 29 June 2009) was a Czech-Canadian bass opera singer and actor.Rubeš was born in Volyně, Czechoslovakia, to Ružena (née Kellnerová) and Jan Rubeš. Not long after World War II, he graduated from the Prague Conservatoire and joined the Prague Opera House as a bass singer. In 1948, he won first prize at the Geneva International Music Festival and emigrated to Canada at the end of the year to pursue a career in a wider sphere. Beginning as a singer with the Canadian Opera Company, he subsequently directed and became director of touring, before switching to radio and television, where he became well known as an actor and presenter in Canada. He is noted for his portrayal of Amish patriarch Eli Lapp in Peter Weir's major-market film Witness and Jan in D2: The Mighty Ducks.[citation needed]
<F.C._Penafiel>	Futebol Clube de Penafiel (Portuguese pronunciation: [pɨnɐfiˈɛɫ] or [penɐfiˈɛɫ]) is a Portuguese football club founded on 8 February 1951 and based in the city of Penafiel.Penafiel first reached the first division in 1980–81, first lasting two seasons. They also played there from 1983–86, 1987–92 and 2004–06.In 2007–08, the club played in the second level, and eventually were relegated to the third after finishing second from bottom.
<Dan_Castellaneta>	Daniel Louis Castellaneta (/ˌkæstələˈnɛtə/; born October 29, 1957) is an American actor, comedian, and writer. He is best known for voicing Homer Simpson on the animated series The Simpsons (as well as other characters on the show such as Abraham "Grampa" Simpson, Barney Gumble, Krusty the Clown, Sideshow Mel, Groundskeeper Willie, Mayor Quimby, and Hans Moleman). Castellaneta is also known for voicing Grandpa in Nickelodeon's Hey Arnold!, and has had voice roles in several other programs, including Futurama, Sibs and Darkwing Duck, The Adventures of Dynamo Duck, The Batman, Back to the Future: The Animated Series, Aladdin, Earthworm Jim, and Taz-Mania.In 1999, he appeared in the Christmas special Olive, the Other Reindeer and won an Annie Award for his portrayal of the Postman. Castellaneta released a comedy album I Am Not Homer, and wrote and starred in a one-person show titled Where Did Vincent van Gogh?.
<Don't_Go_Near_the_Water_(novel)>	Don't Go Near the Water is a 1956 novel by William Brinkley. The book parodies aspects of the wartime United States Navy, particularly Navy public relations, in which Brinkley served, propaganda, war correspondents, civilian contempt for the regular military, and Naval Intelligence."In peacetime Lieutenant Commander Clinton T. Nash had been in charge of a Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner and Beane office in the Midwest. Not long after Pearl Harbor he had been commissioned directly from his brokerage office without the corrupting effect of any intervening naval training."Don't Go Near the Water is a comedic war novel, about United States Navy public relations officers during World War II.
<Bernard_Katz>	Sir Bernard Katz, FRS (German pronunciation: [ˈbɛʁnaʁt kat͡s] (listen); 26 March 1911 – 20 April 2003) was a German-born British physician and biophysicist, noted for his work on nerve physiology. He shared the Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine in 1970 with Julius Axelrod and Ulf von Euler. He was made a Knight Bachelor in 1969.Katz was born in Leipzig, Germany, to a Jewish family originally from Russia, the son of Eugenie (Rabinowitz) and Max Katz, a fur merchant. He was educated at the Albert Gymnasium in that city from 1921 to 1929 and went on to study medicine at the University of Leipzig. He graduated in 1934 and fled to Britain in February 1935.
<Ernest_Orlando_Lawrence_Award>	The Ernest Orlando Lawrence Award was established in 1959 in honor of a scientist who helped elevate American physics to the status of world leader in the field.E. O. Lawrence was the inventor of the cyclotron, an accelerator of subatomic particles, and a 1939 Nobel Laureate in physics for that achievement. The Radiation Laboratory he developed at Berkeley during the 1930s ushered in the era of "big science", in which experiments were no longer done by an individual researcher and a few assistants on the table-top of an academic lab but by large, multidisciplinary teams of scientists and engineers in entire buildings full of sophisticated equipment and huge scientific machines. During World War II, Lawrence and his accelerators contributed to the Manhattan Project, and he later played a leading role in establishing the U.S. system of national laboratories, two of which (Lawrence Berkeley and Lawrence Livermore) now bear his name.Shortly after Lawrence's death in August 1958, John A. McCone, Chairman of the United States Atomic Energy Commission, wrote to President Eisenhower suggesting the establishment of a memorial award in Lawrence's name. President Eisenhower agreed, saying, "Such an award would seem to me to be most fitting, both as a recognition of what he has given to our country and to mankind, and as a means of helping to carry forward his work through inspiring others to dedicate their lives and talents to scientific effort." The first Lawrence Awards were given in 1960.
<Philippe_de_Broca>	Philippe de Broca (French: [də bʁɔka]; 15 March 1933 – 26 November 2004) was a French movie director.He directed 30 full-length feature films, including the highly successful That Man from Rio (L'Homme de Rio), The Man from Acapulco (Le Magnifique) and On Guard (Le Bossu). His works include historical, romantic epics such as Chouans! and King of Hearts (Le Roi de cœur), as well as comedies with a charismatic, breezy hero ready to embark upon any adventure which comes his way, so long as it means escaping everyday modern life: Practice Makes Perfect (Le Cavaleur), The Devil by the Tail (Le Diable par la queue), The African (L'Africain). He had links with the actor Jean-Paul Belmondo, with whom he made six films, as well as with Jean-Pierre Cassel, Philippe Noiret and Jean Rochefort.Philippe de Broca was born on 15 March 1933 in Paris, France. He was the son of a cinema set designer and the grandson of a well-known painter, Philippe de Broca. He studied at the Paris Photography and Cinematography School (école Vaugirard), graduating in 1953. He carried out his military service with the service cinématographique des armées (army film service) in Germany and then in Algeria, directing or acting as head cameraman on short films. Greatly affected by the war he witnessed, he vowed to show life in its best light in his future films “because laughter is the best defence against upsets in life”. After his discharge from the military, he set off on a journey taking in the length of Africa in Berliet trucks before returning to Paris.
<Donald_Duk>	Donald Duk is a coming-of-age novel written by Frank Chin, first published in February 1991. It is about an eleven-year-old boy turning twelve, completing a cycle of the Chinese zodiac, in San Francisco, and his struggles juggling cultures and growing into his name.The novel, written in 1991, is set in then present-day Chinatown, San Francisco, though it makes reference to many other historical periods.Donald Duk is an eleven-year-old Chinese-American, preparing to celebrate both his twelfth birthday and Chinese New Year. He is the son of a Chinese chef named King Duk, and a Chinese mother named Daisy Duk. Donald has two older twin sisters named Penelope and Venus Duk. From the start of the book we are told how embarrassed Donald is of his name and of being introduced with his family.
<Václav_Vacek>	Václav Vacek (11 September 1877 – 18 January 1960) was a Czech writer, and a communist politician. He served as a Senator in the National Assembly of Czechoslovakia and after the Prague Uprising as the Mayor of Prague. He was also a founding member of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia after the schism in Czechoslovak Social Democratic Workers' Party in 1921.The Prague Metro station Roztyly was named after him until the revolution in 1989.
<Clara_Pontoppidan>	Clara Pontoppidan (23 April 1883 – 22 January 1975), also known as Clara Wieth, was a Danish actress. She worked mainly in Swedish and Danish silent films, including A Victim of the Mormons (Denmark, 1911).Clara Pontoppidan was married to actor Carlo Wieth from 20 October 1906 until their divorce in 1917. She died in 1975, aged 91, in Copenhagen and is buried in Ordrup Cemetery.
<Cole_Prize>	The Frank Nelson Cole Prize, or Cole Prize for short, is one of twenty-two prizes awarded to mathematicians by the American Mathematical Society, one for an outstanding contribution to algebra, and the other for an outstanding contribution to number theory.  The prize is named after Frank Nelson Cole, who served the Society for 25 years. The Cole Prize in algebra was funded by Cole himself, from funds given to him as a retirement gift; the prize fund was later augmented by his son, leading to the double award.To be eligible for the Cole prize, the author must be a member of the American Mathematical Society or the paper should appear in a recognized North American journal.  The first award for algebra was made in 1928 to L. E. Dickson, while the first award for number theory was made in 1931 to H. S. Vandiver.For full citations, see external links.
<Yuva_Gaurav_Puraskar>	Yuva Gaurav Award is a literary honour conferred by Gujarat Sahitya Akademi, Government of Gujarat. Established in 2007, the award recognizes and promotes young Gujarati authors. The award comprises a certificate, shawl and a cash prize of ₹ 50,000.
<International_Institute_for_Strategic_Studies>	The International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS) is a British research institute or think tank in the area of international affairs.[citation needed] Since 1997, its headquarters have been Arundel House in London, England.[citation needed]The 2017 Global Go To Think Tank Index ranked IISS as the tenth-best think tank worldwide and the second-best Defence and National Security think tank globally, while Transparify ranked it third-largest UK think tank by expenditure, but gave it its lowest rating, "deceptive", on funding transparency.
<Raffaella_Baracchi>	Raffaella Baracchi (born Turin, Italy on 25 March 1964) is a retired Italian actress and 1983 Miss Italia.Raffaella Baracchi, by the year 1983 and as Miss Piedmont, won the Miss Italia contest and represented Italy at the Miss Universe 1984.Baracchi made her cinema debut in 1986 with Maurizio Ponzi's poliziottesco-comedy Il tenente dei carabinieri. She appeared in Ruggero Deodato's The Barbarians in 1987 and in Deodato's 1988 giallo Phantom of Death as prostitute Laura. She also appeared in the same year in Tinto Brass's neo-noir Snack Bar Budapest where she played the prostitute Milena.
<Subrahmanyan_Chandrasekhar>	Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar FRS (/ˌtʃændrəˈseɪkɑːr/; Punjabi pronunciation) (19 October 1910 – 21 August 1995) was an Indian-American theoretical physicist who spent his professional life in the United States. He shared the 1983 Nobel Prize for Physics with William A. Fowler for "...theoretical studies of the physical processes of importance to the structure and evolution of the stars". His mathematical treatment of stellar evolution yielded many of the current theoretical models of the later evolutionary stages of massive stars and black holes. Many concepts, institutions, and inventions, including the Chandrasekhar limit and the Chandra X-Ray Observatory, are named after him.Chandrasekhar worked on a wide variety of problems in physics during his lifetime, contributing to the contemporary understanding of stellar structure, white dwarfs, stellar dynamics, stochastic process, radiative transfer, the quantum theory of the hydrogen anion, hydrodynamic and hydromagnetic stability, turbulence, equilibrium and the stability of ellipsoidal figures of equilibrium, general relativity, mathematical theory of black holes and theory of colliding gravitational waves. At the University of Cambridge, he developed a theoretical model explaining the structure of white dwarf stars that took into account the relativistic variation of mass with the velocities of electrons that comprise their degenerate matter. He showed that the mass of a white dwarf could not exceed 1.44 times that of the Sun – the Chandrasekhar limit. Chandrasekhar revised the models of stellar dynamics first outlined by Jan Oort and others by considering the effects of fluctuating gravitational fields within the Milky Way on stars rotating about the galactic centre. His solution to this complex dynamical problem involved a set of twenty partial differential equations, describing a new quantity he termed "dynamical friction", which has the dual effects of decelerating the star and helping to stabilize clusters of stars. Chandrasekhar extended this analysis to the interstellar medium, showing that clouds of galactic gas and dust are distributed very unevenly.
<Burbank,_California>	Burbank is a city in the southeastern end of the San Fernando Valley in Los Angeles County, California, United States. Located 12 miles (19 km) northwest of downtown Los Angeles, Burbank has a population of 107,337. The city was named after David Burbank, who established a sheep ranch there in 1867.Billed as the "Media Capital of the World" and only a few miles northeast of Hollywood, numerous media and entertainment companies are headquartered or have significant production facilities in Burbank, including Warner Bros. Entertainment, The Walt Disney Company, Nickelodeon Animation Studio, The Burbank Studios, Cartoon Network Studios with the West Coast branch of Cartoon Network, and Insomniac Games. The broadcast network The CW is also headquartered in Burbank. The Hollywood Burbank Airport was the location of Lockheed's Skunk Works, which produced some of the most secret and technologically advanced airplanes, including the U-2 spy planes that uncovered Soviet Union missile components in Cuba in October 1962. In addition, the city contains the largest IKEA in the U.S.
<Baby_Einstein>	Baby Einstein (stylized as baby einstein) is an American franchise and line of multimedia products, including home video programs, CDs, books, flashcards, toys, and baby gear that specialize in interactive activities for infants and toddlers under three years old, created by Julie Aigner-Clark. The franchise is produced by The Baby Einstein Company (formerly known as I Think I Can Productions).The videos show babies, toddlers and preschoolers under four years simple patterns, puppet shows, and familiar objects, such as everyday items, animals, and toys that are often accompanied by reorchestrated classical music written by composers such as Johann Sebastian Bach, Ludwig van Beethoven, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, and many others, as well as some traditional rhymes constructed for an easy, relaxing way, meant for a baby's ear.The video series is known for its puppets, which are all animals who seldom speak, mostly communicating in simple sounds and their respective animal noises.
<MassMutual_Center>	The MassMutual Center (formerly Springfield Civic Center) is a multi-purpose arena and convention center complex located in downtown Springfield, Massachusetts, in the city's Metro Center. The arena opened in 1972 and the convention center opened in 2005. It serves as a venue for meetings, conventions, exhibitions, sporting and entertainment events.Previously owned and operated by the City of Springfield and various management groups until 1997, the city transferred ownership of the facility to the Massachusetts Legislature. Shortly after, ownership was given to the Massachusetts Convention Center Authority (MCCA) who in turn began working on plans to renovate and expand the facility. The two-year project, which began in 2003, included renovations to the 8,000-seat arena and the addition of a convention center. Its unique design allows for 3 to 4 concurrent events or one large event.MGM Springfield began operating the venue on behalf of the MCCA in July 2017 in advance of its casino/hotel/retail development opening the next year.
<Michael_Faraday_Prize>	The Royal Society of London Michael Faraday Prize is awarded for "excellence in communicating science to UK audiences". Named after Michael Faraday, the medal itself is made of silver gilt, and is accompanied by a purse of £2500.The prize was first awarded in 1986 to Charles Taylor for "his outstanding presentations of physics and applications of physics, aimed at audiences from six-year-old primary school children to adults". It is awarded annually and unlike other Royal Society awards such as the Hughes Medal, it has been presented every year since its inception.  The winner is required to present a lecture as part of the Society's annual programme of public events, which is usually held in January of the following year; during the lecture, the President of the Royal Society awards the medal. Unlike other prizes awarded by the society, the committee has not always publicly provided a rationale. This has occurred five times—in 2004 to Martin Rees, in 2006 to Richard Fortey, in 2007 to Jim Al-Khalili,  in 2008 to John D. Barrow and most recently in 2009 to Marcus du Sautoy.
<Dennis_Sullivan>	Dennis Parnell Sullivan (born February 12, 1941) is an American mathematician known for his work in algebraic topology, geometric topology, and dynamical systems. He holds the Albert Einstein Chair at the City University of New York Graduate Center and is a distinguished professor at Stony Brook University.Sullivan was awarded the Wolf Prize in Mathematics in 2010 and the Abel Prize in 2022.
<Saul_Alinsky>	Saul David Alinsky (January 30, 1909 – June 12, 1972) was an American community activist and political theorist. His work through the Chicago-based Industrial Areas Foundation helping poor communities organize to press demands upon landlords, politicians, bankers and business leaders won him national recognition and notoriety. Responding to the impatience of a New Left generation of activists in the 1960s, in his widely cited Rules for Radicals: A Pragmatic Primer (1971) Alinsky defended the arts both of confrontation and of compromise involved in community organizing as keys to the struggle for social justice.Beginning in the 1990s, Alinsky's reputation was revived by commentators on the political Right as a source of tactical inspiration for the Republican Tea Party Movement and, subsequently, by virtue of indirect associations with both Hillary Clinton and Barrack Obama, as the alleged source of a radical Democratic political agenda. While criticised on the political Left for an aversion to broad ideological goals, Alinksy has also been identified as an inspiration for the Occupy movement and campaigns for climate action. 
<Norma_Eberhardt>	Norma Eberhardt (July 8, 1929 – September 16, 2011) was an American actress who began her career as a fashion model. Her film credits included Live Fast, Die Young and The Return of Dracula, both released in 1958.Eberhardt was born and raised in Oakhurst, New Jersey. She was discovered by a fashion photographer as a teenager while attending an Easter Parade on the Asbury Park boardwalk with her mother. Reportedly, the photographer was struck by her two different colored eyes, one brown eye and one blue eye. The photographer, who was based in nearby New York City, assumed that Eberhardt was over the age of 18. However, when she commuted to his office on her seventeenth birthday, the photographer realized that he needed her mother to co-sign her modeling contract. He personally drove her back home to obtain her mother's permission and signature for the contract. Eberhardt soon signed with the John Robert Powers Agency, appearing in advertising campaigns on billboards.Eberhardt's billboard campaigns soon led to radio, television and film roles. She moved to Los Angeles and was under contract with a studio by 1951. She rented a room at the Studio Club For Women in Hollywood, where she became roommates with actress Mary Murphy. (Eberhardt and Murphy would later co-star in the 1958 film, Live Fast, Die Young). Both actresses dated actor James Dean. Eberhardt, Murphy and Dean were all cast in small roles in the 1952 comedy, Sailor Beware, starring Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis. Sailor Beware marked Eberhardt's film debut, as well as Dean's second film role. Eberhardt also dated Jerry Lewis during this time.
<Kemble_Scott>	Kemble Scott is the pseudonym for fiction used by American journalist Scott James (born 1962), writer of a weekly column about the San Francisco Bay Area for The New York Times and The Bay Citizen. His debut novel SoMa became a bestseller (San Francisco Chronicle) in the spring of 2007. The novel tells the interwoven stories of twentysomethings on the prowl for thrills in San Francisco’s South of Market (SoMa) neighborhood following the city’s infamous Dot-com crash. In June 2008 the novel SoMa was honored as a finalist for the national Lambda Literary award for debut fiction.[citation needed]At the time SoMa was published, James produced a series of videos for YouTube in which he appeared as Kemble Scott to take viewers to the real places that inspired the novel. It’s believed this was the first time an author launched a novel this way. The videos received thousands of views and may have contributed to the book’s bestseller status. The influential tech blog Valleywag noted the videos, but criticized them for being too tame, compared to the sexually explicit content of the novel.In May 2009 James published his second novel, The Sower by Kemble Scott. The first edition premiered as a digital book and was the first novel sold by social publisher Scribd.com in a new e-commerce venture called "Scribd Store," according to the Associated Press.
<Lapandav>	Lapandav (transl. Hide and seek) is a Marathi-language film released on 16 April 1993. This film is directed by Shraboni Deodhar and produced by Sachin Parekar & Sanjay Parekar.A lazy owner of a gymnasium, Abhijeet Samarth lives a wealthy lifestyle in Pune along with his advocate wife, Asavari, and a collegian daughter, Rasika, who is going steady with a wealthy Corporator's son, Vikram Malgude.
<Iván_Zarandona>	Iván Zarandona Esono (born 30 August 1980) is an Equatorial Guinean former footballer and a sports agent. Mainly a defensive midfielder, he also operated as a central defender.
<Bibi_Andersson>	Berit Elisabet Andersson (11 November 1935 – 14 April 2019), known professionally as Bibi Andersson (Swedish: [ˈbɪ̂bːɪ ˈânːdɛˌʂɔn]), was a Swedish actress who was best known for her frequent collaborations with filmmaker Ingmar Bergman.Andersson was born in Kungsholmen, Stockholm, the daughter of Karin (née Mansion), a social worker, and Josef Andersson, a businessman.
<Qian_Xuesen>	Qian Xuesen, or Hsue-Shen Tsien (Chinese: 钱学森; 11 December 1911 – 31 October 2009), was a Chinese mathematician, cyberneticist, aerospace engineer, and physicist who made significant contributions to the field of aerodynamics and established engineering cybernetics. Recruited from MIT, he joined Theodore von Kármán's group at Caltech.During the Second Red Scare, in the 1950s, the US federal government accused him of communist sympathies. In 1950, despite protests by his colleagues, he was stripped of his security clearance. He decided to return to mainland China, but he was detained at Terminal Island, near Los Angeles.After spending five years under house arrest, he was released in 1955 in exchange for the repatriation of American pilots who had been captured during the Korean War. He left the United States in September 1955 on the American President Lines passenger liner SS President Cleveland, arriving in China via Hong Kong.
<Lou_Breslow>	Lou Breslow (born Lewis Breslow; July 18, 1900 – November 10, 1987) was an American screenwriter and film director. He wrote for 70 films between 1928 and 1955. He also directed seven films between 1932 and 1951 and wrote scripts for both Laurel and Hardy in their first two films at 20th Century Fox, and Abbott and Costello.Breslow married film actress and comedian Marion Byron in 1932, and remained married until her death in 1985.
<Tall_Story>	Tall Story is a 1960 American romantic comedy film made by Warner Bros., directed by Joshua Logan and starring Anthony Perkins with Jane Fonda, in her first screen role. It is based on the 1957 novel The Homecoming Game by Howard Nemerov, which was the basis of a successful 1959 Broadway play titled Tall Story, by the writing team of Howard Lindsay and Russel Crouse. The film was a considerable departure from Logan's previous two projects, the drama Sayonara, which won multiple Academy Awards, and the blockbuster South Pacific. It was Robert Redford's first film — he played a basketball player in an uncredited role.The film is a farcical social satire of American campus life, making fun of the way college life can become a marriage market for some students. Fonda portrays a character who is the complete opposite of the independent liberated woman she later personified.At Custer University, Ray Blent is an honor student and college basketball star. June Ryder has come to the university to study home economics and to find a husband. Both students and faculty are scandalized by Ryder's unashamed pursuit of Blent. She joins the pom-pom girls and attends all the classes taken by Blent to ensure she has maximum contact with him. Everyone is aware of her designs on the sexually naive Blent except for him. She succeeds in convincing him that she has an intelligent, inquiring mind that he admires, although this is all done through deception. She eventually gets Blent to fall for her and propose marriage. However, they need several thousand dollars to set up a home.
<Zamora_CF>	Zamora Club de Fútbol is a Spanish football team based in Zamora, in the autonomous community of Castile and León. Founded in 1968 it plays in Segunda División RFEF – Group 1, holding home games at Estadio Ruta de la Plata, with a capacity of 7,813 seaters.Zamora CF was founded on October 23, 1968. But officially the act number 1 of the club is dated November 7, 1968, when the club was registered in the Western Federation in Valladolid. The club started in the Primera Regional in 1969. In the 1970-71 season it became its champion and promoted to Tercera División.
<Lost_Souls_(Poppy_Z._Brite_novel)>	Lost Souls is a 1992 horror novel  by American writer Poppy Z. Brite, his debut novel.  It is the only novel-length adventure of Brite's 'Steve and Ghost' characters, popularized in numerous short stories.  The novel is an extended version of the short story "The Seed of Lost Souls".Several characters introduced in the novel make appearances in Brite's second novel, Drawing Blood, though it is not a direct sequel.Steve was raised in Missing Mile, North Carolina. He works in a record shop in his home town called the Whirling Disc. He is described as tall and wiry, with a hawkish nose, and long black hair he rarely washes. Steve is proud and stubborn, drinks to excess, and is prone to violent outbursts. He is haunted throughout the novel by the memory of his relationship with his ex-girlfriend Ann, which he terminated abruptly by raping her on discovery of her infidelity.
<Massry_Prize>	The Massry Prize was established in 1996, and until 2009 was administered by the Meira and Shaul G. Massry Foundation.  The Prize, of $40,000 and the Massry Lectureship, is bestowed upon scientists who have made substantial recent contributions in the biomedical sciences.  Shaul G. Massry, M.D., who established the Massry Foundation, is Professor Emeritus of Medicine and Physiology and Biophysics at the Keck School of Medicine, University of Southern California.  He served as Chief of its Division of Nephrology from 1974 to 2000.  In 2009 the KECK School of Medicine was asked to administer the Prize, and has done so since that time.  Ten winners of the Massry Prize have gone on to be awarded a Nobel Prize.Source: KECK School of Medicine
<Grand_Oriental_Hotel>	Grand Oriental Hotel or GOH (also previously known as the Taprobane Hotel) is a 3 star heritage hotel, located in Colombo, Sri Lanka.The original building on the site was a simple, single-storey structure with open verandah to the street, inhabited by a Dutch Governor. In 1837 it was converted into barracks for the British Army. In 1873 it was converted into a hostelry, with reconstruction commencing on 23 February and completing 27 October, the same year.
<Bertrand_Halperin>	Bertrand I. Halperin (born December 6, 1941) is an American physicist, former holder of the Hollis Chair of Mathematicks and Natural Philosophy at the physics department of Harvard University.Halperin was born in Brooklyn, New York, where he grew up in the Crown Heights neighborhood and attended public schools. His mother was Eva Teplitzky Halperin and his father Morris Halperin. His mother was a college administrator and his father a customs inspector. Both his parents were born in USSR. His paternal grandmother's family the Maximovs claimed descent from Rabbi Israel Baal Shem Tov, the BESHT.He attended Harvard University (class of 1961), and did his graduate work at Berkeley with John J. Hopfield (PhD 1965). After 10 years (1966–1976) working at Bell Laboratories, Murray Hill, New Jersey he was appointed Professor of Physics at Harvard University.
<Canberra>	Canberra  (/ˈkænbərə/ (listen) KAN-bər-ə)is the capital city of Australia. Founded following the federation of the colonies of Australia as the seat of government for the new nation, it is Australia's largest inland city and the eighth-largest city overall. The city is located at the northern end of the Australian Capital Territory at the northern tip of the Australian Alps, the country's highest mountain range. As of June 2021, Canberra's estimated population was 453,558.The area chosen for the capital had been inhabited by Indigenous Australians for up to 21,000 years, with the principal group being the Ngunnawal people. European settlement commenced in the first half of the 19th century, as evidenced by surviving landmarks such as St John's Anglican Church and Blundells Cottage. On 1 January 1901, federation of the colonies of Australia was achieved. Following a long dispute over whether Sydney or Melbourne should be the national capital, a compromise was reached: the new capital would be built in New South Wales, so long as it was at least 100 miles (160 km) from Sydney. The capital city was founded and formally named as Canberra in 1913. A blueprint by American architects Walter Burley Griffin and Marion Mahony Griffin was selected after an international design contest, and construction commenced in 1913. Unusual among Australian cities, it is an entirely planned city. The Griffins' plan featured geometric motifs and was centred on axes aligned with significant topographical landmarks such as Black Mountain, Mount Ainslie, Capital Hill and City Hill. Canberra's mountainous location makes it the only mainland Australian city where snow-capped mountains can be seen in winter; although snow in the city itself is uncommon.
<Kitty_McHugh>	Kitty McHugh (born Katherine McHugh; October 3, 1902 – September 3, 1954) was an American actress. She appeared in more than 50 films between 1934 and 1953.McHugh was the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Ed McHugh. She had three brothers, Frank, Matt, and Ed, Jr., and the six formed a family vaudeville comedy act.
<Abel_Prize>	The Abel Prize (/ˈɑːbəl/ AH-bəl; Norwegian: Abelprisen [ˈɑ̀ːbl̩ˌpriːsn̩]) is awarded annually by the King of Norway to one or more outstanding mathematicians. It is named after the Norwegian mathematician Niels Henrik Abel (1802–1829) and directly modeled after the Nobel Prizes. It comes with a monetary award of 7.5 million Norwegian kroner (NOK; increased from 6 million NOK in 2019).The Abel Prize's history dates back to 1899, when its establishment was proposed by the Norwegian mathematician Sophus Lie when he learned that Alfred Nobel's plans for annual prizes would not include a prize in mathematics. In 1902, King Oscar II of Sweden and Norway indicated his willingness to finance the creation of a mathematics prize to complement the Nobel Prizes, but the establishment of the prize was prevented by the dissolution of the union between Norway and Sweden in 1905. It took almost a century before the prize was finally established by the Government of Norway in 2001, and it was specifically intended "to give the mathematicians their own equivalent of a Nobel Prize." The laureates are selected by the Abel Committee, the members of whom are appointed by the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.
<Candlewick_(character)>	Candlewick (Italian: Lucignolo, [luˈtʃiɲɲolo], which can also translate to 'Lampwick') is a fictional character who appears in Carlo Collodi's 1883 book The Adventures of Pinocchio (Le avventure di Pinocchio).Candlewick is introduced in chapter XXX of The Adventures of Pinocchio. His real name is Romeo, though he is given his nickname on account of his slender, polished build. He is described as the most unruly of Pinocchio's class, though he is the puppet’s best friend. He declines Pinocchio’s invitation to a party celebrating his upcoming transformation into a real boy, and persuades the puppet to instead come with him to the Land of Toys (Paese dei Balocchi), a place where the boys spend their days having fun, and eating candy, where education, responsibility and nutrition simply aren't a thing.The two are transported to the Land of Toys by the Coachman, and spend their days indulging in play and idleness. After five months, both of them awake with donkey ears, which they conceal with tall caps. The two are reluctant to admit their condition to each other, but after some coaxing, they simultaneously remove their caps and laugh at each other. Their laughter fades into braying and the two of them gain muzzles, hooves, tails on their buttocks, hind and fore legs, fur, and manes, and they transform into a pair of donkeys.
<Radka_Donnell>	Radka Donnell, (24 November 1928 Sofia, Bulgaria – 13 February 2013 Zurich, Switzerland)  was a feminist, painter, art therapist, poet, translator, storyteller, and pioneer of modern quilt-making. She explored what quilts can mean and look like, as distinct from traditional quilting and the fine arts culture.Born in Bulgaria, Donnell's early years were spent in Germany with her family during World War II. In 1951, she immigrated to the United States, where she obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree at Stanford University in 1954, followed by a Master of Fine Arts at the University of Colorado-Boulder. Donnell lived in Cambridge, Massachusetts in the early 1970s, where she influenced younger artists, and worked to secure and organize shows of her own and other contemporary quilters, seeking recognition for quilt artists on equal footing with those working in more recognized media.By 1965, Donnell was using fabric as her medium. She was the first quilt artist to take a feminist stance and speak of quilts as a liberation issue. As she wrote in 1977, "Quilt making politicized me.″ In her lectures and writings, she eloquently articulated the expressive possibilities of the quilt and made a powerful case for the quilt as "an associative field of the body," a direct link to the most primal human needs and acts. "By its original closeness to a person's body the quilt can become an icon of personal feeling and hope."
<King-Sun_Fu>	King-Sun Fu (Chinese: 傅京孫; pinyin: Fù Jīngsūn; October 2, 1930 – April 29, 1985) was a Chinese-born American computer scientist. He was a Goss Distinguished Professor at Purdue University School of Electrical and Computer Engineering in West Lafayette, Indiana. He was instrumental in the founding of International Association for Pattern Recognition (IAPR), served as its first president, and is widely recognized for his extensive contributions to- and a pioneer in- the field of pattern recognition (within computer image analysis) and machine intelligence. In honor of the memory of Professor King-Sun Fu, IAPR gives the biennial King-Sun Fu Prize to a living person in the recognition of an outstanding technical contribution to the field of pattern recognition. The first King-Sun Fu Prize was presented in 1988, to Azriel Rosenfeld.Fu was born on October 2, 1930, in Nanjing, then China's capital. He received B.S. from National Taiwan University in 1953,  M.A. from University of Toronto in 1955, and Ph.D. from University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign in 1959.Fu died on April 29, 1985, in Washington, DC.
<The_Song_of_Everlasting_Sorrow_(novel)>	The Song of Everlasting Sorrow is a novel written by the contemporary Chinese author Wang Anyi. Widely considered to be one of her best works, this story follows the life and romantic encounters of a woman in a changing Shanghai, spanning roughly four decades of the twentieth century. The Song of Everlasting Sorrow was adapted into a 2005 film titled Everlasting Regret, and a 2006 TV series titled To Live to Love.The novel has also been translated into Vietnamese by Sơn Lê (as Trường hận ca), into Korean by Yu Byeong-rye (as 장한가), into French by Yvonne André and Stéphane Lévêque (as Le chant des regrets éternels), into Spanish by Carlos Ossés Torrón (as La canción de la pena eterna), into Italian by Maria Rita Masci (as La canzone dell'eterno rimpianto), into Russian by Maria V. Semenyuk (as Песнь о бесконечной тоске) and into Serbian by Ivana Elezović (as Pesma o večnoj seti).
<Robert_J._Shiller>	Robert James Shiller (born March 29, 1946) is an American economist, academic, and author. As of 2019, he serves as a Sterling Professor of Economics at Yale University and is a fellow at the Yale School of Management's International Center for Finance. Shiller has been a research associate of the National Bureau of Economic Research (NBER) since 1980, was vice president of the American Economic Association in 2005, its president-elect for 2016, and president of the Eastern Economic Association for 2006–2007. He is also the co‑founder and chief economist of the investment management firm MacroMarkets LLC.Shiller was ranked by the IDEAS RePEc publications monitor in 2008 as among the 100 most influential economists of the world; and was still on the list in 2019. Eugene Fama, Lars Peter Hansen and Shiller jointly received the 2013 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences, "for their empirical analysis of asset prices".Shiller was born in Detroit, Michigan, the son of Ruth R. (née Radsville) and Benjamin Peter Shiller, an engineer-cum-entrepreneur. He is of Lithuanian descent. He is married to Virginia Marie (Faulstich), a psychologist, and has two children. He was raised as a Methodist.
<Leslye_Headland>	Leslye Headland (born 1980) is an American film and television director, producer, screenwriter, and playwright. She is known for the play and 2012 film Bachelorette and 2015 film Sleeping with Other People. She co-created the Netflix series Russian Doll, along with Natasha Lyonne and Amy Poehler.Headland, raised in suburban Maryland, graduated in 1999 from Staples High School. She received her BFA in drama from the Tisch School of the Arts at New York University in 2002.Upon graduating college, Headland spent six years working as an assistant at Miramax, a year of which was spent as Harvey Weinstein's personal assistant. Her experience during that time is what inspired her 2012 play Assistance. As a playwright, she is best known for her Seven Deadly Sins cycle: Cinephillia (lust), Bachelorette (gluttony), Assistance (greed), Surfer Girl (sloth), Reverb (wrath), The Accidental Blonde (envy), and Cult of Love (pride). Part of the inspiration for the Seven Deadly Plays came from her Christian upbringing. Her final play in the series, Cult of Love, opened in 2018. She has also written a neo-noir style play The Layover which received mixed reviews in 2016.
<Irwin_M._Jacobs>	Irwin Mark Jacobs (born October 18, 1933) is an American electrical engineer and businessman. He is a co-founder and former chairman of Qualcomm, and chair of the board of trustees of the Salk Institute. As of 2019, Jacobs has an estimated net worth of $1.2 billion.Jacobs was born to a Jewish family in New Bedford, Massachusetts. He earned his Bachelor of Science in electrical engineering from Cornell University in 1956, and his Master of Science and Doctor of Science degrees in electrical engineering and computer science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in 1957 and 1959, respectively. His doctoral advisor was Edward Arthurs. He is a member of Sigma Alpha Mu fraternity.
<Erin_Robinson>	Erin Robinson Swink is a Canadian indie game designer and developer. In 2011, Fast Company named her one of the most influential women in technology. In 2015, University of California, Santa Cruz appointed her creative director of the Jack Baskin School of Engineering's master's programme in games and playable media.Erin Robinson is originally from Toronto. The first game she ever purchased was The Lost Mind of Dr. Brain (1994). She earned money for the game by doing household chores as a child, remarking later that "maybe associating video games with chores was the reason I became a developer." She also played Myst and King's Quest VII. Robinson has a bachelor's degree in psychology from Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario. Her college thesis was on spatial memory and the translation of experience into memory. She worked as a research assistant at a psychology lab. Unhappy with her work, she eventually quit to become a game developer. She has been inspired by the work of Marjane Satrapi, particularly her graphic novel Persepolis. She lives in Chicago, Illinois. She is firm supporter of the fight against climate change, and has called for video game companies to divest their investments in fossil fuel companies.
<Ufukhan_Bayraktar>	Ufukhan Bayraktar (born 9 January 1986) is a Turkish professional footballer who most recently played as a right wingback for Vanspor FK.Bayraktar is a former member of the Trabzonspor youth academy and has been capped at youth international levels.
<Scot_FM>	Scot FM was a regional radio station serving Central and Southern Scotland. Broadcast from studios at Albert Quay in Leith, the station was billed as radio for Scotland's thinking classes but was unable to create a clear identity for itself, while changing its format to focus on more populist content, including less speech and more music. The station was relaunched as Real Radio Scotland in January 2002 following a buyout by GMG Radio. Real Radio has since been succeeded by Heart Scotland.In early 1993, the Radio Authority invited applicants to bid for a new regional FM licence covering Central Scotland and serving a potential audience of 3.3 million listeners. Seven groups contested the franchise:
<Owen_Willans_Richardson>	Sir Owen Willans Richardson, FRS (26 April 1879 – 15 February 1959) was a British physicist who won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1928 for his work on thermionic emission, which led to Richardson's law.Richardson was born in Dewsbury, Yorkshire, England, the only son of Joshua Henry and Charlotte Maria Richardson. He was educated at Batley Grammar School and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he gained First Class Honours in Natural Sciences. He then got a DSc from University of London in 1904.
<The_Rescuers>	The Rescuers is a 1977 American animated adventure comedy-drama film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by Buena Vista Distribution. The 23rd Disney animated feature film, its story follows Bernard and Bianca, two members of the Rescue Aid Society, an international mouse organization dedicated to helping abduction victims around the world. The two mice must free young orphan Penny from two treasure hunters, who intend to use her to help them obtain a giant diamond. The film is based on a series of books by Margery Sharp, most notably The Rescuers (1959) and Miss Bianca (1962).The Rescuers entered development in 1962, but was shelved due to Walt Disney's dislike of the project's political overtones. During the 1970s, the film was revived as a project for the younger animators, but it was taken over by the senior animation staff following the release of Robin Hood (1973). The Rescuers was released on June 22, 1977, to positive critical reception and became a box office success. The film was also successful throughout the world, including France and West Germany. Due to the film's success, a sequel titled The Rescuers Down Under was released in 1990, which made this film the first Disney animated film to have a sequel.
<Candy_Carson>	Lacena "Candy" Carson (née Rustin; born August 19, 1953) is an American author and businesswoman. She is married to former Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and retired neurosurgeon Benjamin Carson and co-founded the Carson Scholars Fund.  Alongside her husband, she is the co-author of four books. During her husband's run for the 2016 Republican nomination for President of the United States, Carson was active on the campaign trail doing TV appearances and solo live campaign appearances.Born Lacena Rustin on August 19, 1953, in Royal Oak Township, Michigan. Carson was raised in the Episcopal Church by her mother. She graduated from Ferndale High School.  Carson met her future husband, also a Detroit native, in the 1970s when both were students at Yale University.
<Rosie_(TV_series)>	Rosie is a British sitcom written by Roy Clarke that was broadcast between 1977 and 1981. It was set in the fictitious Yorkshire town of Ravensbay, a name most probably derived from a combination of Ravenscar and Robin Hood's Bay, seaside villages near the seaside town of Scarborough, North Yorkshire where the series was filmed. The central character was PC Penrose ("Rosie"), a young and inexperienced police officer, played by Paul Greenwood.The titular character is a nod towards Charles Penrose, who famously recorded the comedy song "The Laughing Policeman".
<Diana_Wynyard>	Diana Wynyard, CBE (born Dorothy Isobel Cox;  16 January 1906 – 13 May 1964) was an English stage and film actress.Born in Lewisham, South London, Wynyard began her career on the stage. After performing in Liverpool and London with the Liverpool Repertory Company and the Hamilton Deane Repertory Company, she performed on Broadway, appearing first in Rasputin and the Empress in 1932, with Ethel, John, and Lionel Barrymore. She appeared in the film version, beginning her brief Hollywood career.
<Anil_Chavda>	Anil Chavda is a Gujarati language poet,  writer and columnist from Gujarat, India.Some of his works include Savaar Laine (Bringing the Dawn to You) (2012), a collection of ghazals (a poetic form), which won him the 2014 Yuva Puraskar literary award, instituted by the Sahitya Akademi (National Academy of Letters) in Delhi. He is also a recipient of the Shayda Award (2010) (INT-Mumbai), the Yuva Gaurav Puraskar (2013) from the Gujarat Sahitya Akademi and the Ravji Patel Award from the Gujarat Samachar and Samanvay. Along with ghazal, he has worked in other forms of poetry such as Geet (song), Achhandas (free verse poetry) and the sonnet. Ek Hati Vaarta (Once, There Was a Story) is his short-story collection. He has appeared on several television and radio programmes on All India Radio and Doordarshan.
<Daniel_Chatto>	Daniel St George Chatto (born Daniel Chatto St George Sproule; 22 April 1957) is a British artist and former actor. He is the husband of Lady Sarah Chatto, the daughter of Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon, niece of the late Queen Elizabeth II and cousin of King Charles III.Daniel was born on 22 April 1957 in London, England, as "Daniel Chatto St George Sproule". He is the son of Thomas Chatto St George Sproule (1920–1982), better known as the actor Tom Chatto, and his wife Rosalind Joan Thompson (died 2012), better known as the theatrical agent Ros Chatto. He has an elder brother, James Chatto, a food writer in Toronto, whose daughter is the comedian Mae Martin.
<Jim_Jeffords>	James Merrill Jeffords (May 11, 1934 – August 18, 2014) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a U.S. senator from Vermont. Sworn into the Senate in 1989, he served as a Republican until 2001, when he left the party to become an independent and began caucusing with the Democrats. Jeffords retired from the Senate in 2007. Prior to serving in the Senate, he served as the U.S. representative for Vermont's at-large congressional district from 1975 to 1989.The son of Olin M. Jeffords, who served as Chief Justice of the Vermont Supreme Court, James Jeffords was born in Rutland, Vermont.  He graduated from Yale University, served for three years in the United States Navy, and then attended Harvard Law School, from which he received his degree in 1962.  Jeffords practiced law in southern Vermont and became a resident of Shrewsbury, where he was active in local politics and government as a Republican, including serving as chairman of the town's Republican committee.  He served one term in the Vermont Senate (1967–1969), and two as Attorney General of Vermont (1969–1973).  He lost the 1972 Republican primary for Governor of Vermont, but won the election for Vermont's lone seat in the United States House of Representatives in 1974.  He served in the House from 1975 to 1989; in 1988 he was the successful Republican nominee for the United States Senate seat held by the retiring Robert Stafford.
<Alicia_Alonso>	Alicia Alonso (born Alicia Ernestina de la Caridad del Cobre Martínez del Hoyo; 21 December 1920 – 17 October 2019) was a Cuban prima ballerina assoluta and choreographer whose company became the Ballet Nacional de Cuba in 1955. She is best known for her portrayals of Giselle and the ballet version of Carmen.From the age of nineteen, Alonso was afflicted with an eye condition and became partially blind. Her partners always had to be in the exact place she expected them to be, and she used lights in different parts of the stage to guide herself.
<Matthew_Meselson>	Matthew Stanley Meselson (born May 24, 1930) is a geneticist and molecular biologist currently at Harvard University, known for his demonstration, with Franklin Stahl, of semi-conservative DNA replication. After completing his Ph.D. under Linus Pauling at the California Institute of Technology, Meselson became a Professor at Harvard University in 1960, where he has remained, today, as Thomas Dudley Cabot Professor of the Natural Sciences.In the famous Meselson–Stahl experiment of 1958 he and Frank Stahl demonstrated through nitrogen isotope labeling that DNA is replicated semi-conservatively. In addition, Meselson, François Jacob, and Sydney Brenner discovered the existence of messenger RNA in 1961. Meselson has investigated DNA repair in cells and how cells recognize and destroy foreign DNA, and, with Werner Arber, was responsible for the discovery of restriction enzymes.
<Jace_Alexander>	Jason "Jace" Alexander (born April 7, 1964) is an American former television director and actor from New York City. In 2015, Alexander was arrested for the downloading and file sharing of child pornography, and later pled guilty to one count of promoting a sexual performance by a child and one count of possessing an obscene sexual performance by a child.After attending New York University, Alexander began his professional career as the stage manager of a 1983 Broadway revival of The Caine Mutiny Court Martial, in which he also played a small role. Alexander appeared on stage in I'm Not Rappaport, Six Degrees of Separation and the Stephen Sondheim musical Assassins, in which he portrayed Lee Harvey Oswald. His screen roles include City of Hope, Love and a .45, Matewan, Eight Men Out, Crocodile Dundee II and Clueless.
<Ghulami>	Ghulami (transl. "Slavery") is a 1985 Indian Hindi-language action drama film directed by J. P. Dutta (in his directorial debut). The film has an ensemble cast comprising Dharmendra, Mithun Chakraborty, Mazhar Khan, Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Raza Murad, Reena Roy, Smita Patil, Anita Raj, Naseeruddin Shah and Om Shivpuri. Lyrics were by Gulzar and music by Laxmikant–Pyarelal, the latter of whom would go on to collaborate with Dutta in all his films until Kshatriya (1993). It was shot at Fatehpur, Rajasthan. Amitabh Bachchan narrated the film.The film focuses on the caste and feudal system in Rajasthan. Ranjit Singh Chaudhary (Dharmendra) is the son of a peasant, living in a village which is dominated by a rich landlord Thakur family. As a teenager studying in the village school, Ranjit is rebellious and defiant against deep rooted caste prejudices and discriminatory practices. He is bullied by the two sons of the landlord, who are of his own age. Two girls who also study in the same school are sympathetic to Ranjit. These are the daughter of the school-master and the daughter of the rich landlord (sister of the bullies). Sick of the exploitation he sees around him, Ranjit runs away to the city.
<Arne_L._Kalleberg>	Arne Lindeman Kalleberg (born February 9, 1949) is a Kenan Distinguished Professor of Sociology at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and a Faculty Fellow at the Carolina Population Center. He is also an adjunct professor in the Kenan-Flagler Business School, the Department of Public Policy, and the Curriculum in Global Studies. Kalleberg served as the secretary of the American Sociological Association from 2001 to 2004 and as its president from 2007 to 2008. He has been the editor-in-chief of Social Forces, an international journal of social research for over ten years.Kalleberg received his B.A. from Brooklyn College and his M.S. and Ph.D. (in 1975) from the University of Wisconsin–Madison. He was a faculty member at Indiana University for 10 years, where he served as the director of the Institute of Social Research.  He moved to the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1986. Previous administrative roles at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill include chair of the Department of Sociology (1990–2000), senior associate dean of The Graduate School (2001–2004), senior associate vice chancellor for graduate studies and research (interim) (2000–2001), senior associate dean for social sciences and international programs (2004–2007), and director of international programs (2007–2008). He has been a visiting professor at universities in Germany, Norway, South Korea, and Sweden.Kalleberg studies labor force issues at the interface of sociology, economics, and psychology. Much of his work is cross-national, comparative and multi-level, linking societal and organizational institutions and structures to individual outcomes. His contributions to sociology have focused on three main topics.
<Vicky_Longomba>	Victor Longomba Besange Lokuli, commonly known as Vicky Longomba, (13 December 1932 – 12 March 1988 in Kinshasa) was a singer and a founding member of Tout puissant OK Jazz, a Congolese rumba group.He later formed his own group, Lovy du Zaire.He was the father of Lovy Longomba (member of Super Mazembe) and Awilo Longomba, both popular musicians.
<The_Discovery_of_Heaven>	The Discovery of Heaven (Dutch: De ontdekking van de hemel) is a 1992 novel by Dutch writer Harry Mulisch. It is considered Mulisch's masterpiece and was voted best book in the Dutch language in a 2007 poll among the readers of NRC Handelsblad.A 2001 film adaptation by director Jeroen Krabbé features Stephen Fry and Flora Montgomery in the leading roles.An angel-like being is ordered to return to Heaven the stone tablets containing the Ten Commandments. The divine being, however, cannot himself travel to Earth, and on several occasions in the book resorts to influencing events. He affects the personal lives of three people (two men and one woman) in order that a child will be conceived. This child would then have an innate desire to seek out and return the Tablets.
<1._FC_Nürnberg>	1. Fußball-Club Nürnberg Verein für Leibesübungen e. V., often called 1. FC Nürnberg (German pronunciation: [ɛfˌtseː ˈnʏʁnbɛʁk], English: 1. Football Club Nuremberg) or simply Nürnberg, is a German association football club in Nuremberg, Bavaria, who currently compete in the 2. Bundesliga. Founded in 1900, the club initially competed in the Southern German championship, winning their first title in 1916. Their first German championship was won in 1920. Before the inauguration of the Bundesliga in 1963, 1.FCN won a further 11 regional championships, including the Oberliga Süd formed in 1945, and were German champions another seven times. The club has won the Bundesliga once and the DFB-Pokal four times.Since 1963, the club has played their home games at the Max-Morlock-Stadion in Nuremberg. Today's club has sections for boxing, handball, hockey (inline skater hockey and ice hockey), rollerblading and ice skating, swimming, skiing, and tennis.
<William_Blum>	William Henry Blum (/bluːm/; March 6, 1933 – December 9, 2018) was an American author, critic of United States foreign policy and socialist. He lived in Washington, DC.Blum was born at Beth Moses Hospital (now part of Maimonides Medical Center) in Borough Park, Brooklyn, to Ruth (née Katz) and Isidore Blum, who were Polish Jewish immigrants. His father was a machinist. He was a graduate of Erasmus Hall High School and gained a degree in accountancy in 1955 from the City College School of Business and Civic Administration, which later became Baruch College of the City University of New York. Blum worked as a computer programmer for IBM and later the U.S. State Department. He had the ambition of becoming a foreign service officer to, as he explained, "take part in the great anti-Communist crusade" but was later disillusioned by the Vietnam War. Blum became involved in anti–Vietnam War activism and was pressured to resign his government post in 1967. By then he had already taken part in anti-war protests and become a founder and editor of the Washington Free Press, an alternative bi-weekly newspaper.
<Charles_Sumner>	Charles Sumner (January 6, 1811 – March 11, 1874) was an American statesman and United States Senator from Massachusetts. As an academic lawyer and a powerful orator, Sumner was the leader of the anti-slavery forces in the state and a leader of the Radical Republicans in the U.S. Senate during the American Civil War. During Reconstruction, he fought to minimize the power of the ex-Confederates and guarantee equal rights to the freedmen. He fell into a dispute with President Ulysses Grant, a fellow Republican, over the control of Santo Domingo, leading to the stripping of his power in the Senate and his subsequent effort to defeat Grant's re-election.Sumner changed his political party several times as anti-slavery coalitions rose and fell in the 1830s and 1840s before coalescing in the 1850s as the Republican Party, the affiliation with which he became best known. He devoted his enormous energies to the destruction of what Republicans called the Slave Power, that is, to the ending of the influence over the federal government of Southern slave owners who sought to continue slavery and to expand it into the territories. On May 22, 1856, South Carolina Democratic congressman Preston Brooks beat Sumner nearly to death with a cane on the Senate floor after Sumner delivered an anti-slavery speech, "The Crime Against Kansas." In the speech, Sumner characterized the attacker's first cousin once removed, South Carolina Senator Andrew Butler, as a "Don Quixote" who had chosen "the harlot, slavery" as his mistress. The widely reported episode left Sumner severely injured and both men famous. It was several years before he could return to the Senate; Massachusetts not only refused to replace him, it even re-elected him, leaving his empty desk in the Senate as a reminder of the incident. The episode contributed significantly to the polarization of the country leading up to the Civil War, with the event symbolizing the increasingly vitriolic and violent socio-political atmosphere of the time.
<Elie_Wiesel>	Elie Wiesel (/ˈɛli viːˈzɛl/, born Eliezer Wiesel Yiddish: אליעזר װיזעל Eliezer Vizel; September 30, 1928 – July 2, 2016) was a Romanian-born American writer, professor, political activist, Nobel laureate, and Holocaust survivor. He authored 57 books, written mostly in French and English, including Night, a work based on his experiences as a Jewish prisoner in the Auschwitz and Buchenwald concentration camps.He was a professor of the humanities at Boston University, which created the Elie Wiesel Center for Jewish Studies in his honor. He was involved with Jewish causes and human rights causes and helped establish the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington, D. C. In his political activities, he also campaigned for victims of oppression in places like South Africa, Nicaragua, Kosovo, and Sudan. He publicly condemned the 1915 Armenian genocide and remained a strong defender of human rights during his lifetime. He was described as "the most important Jew in America" by the Los Angeles Times in 2003.
<Rajanikanta_Bordoloi>	Rajanikanta Bordoloi (Assamese: ৰজনীকান্ত বৰদলৈ) was a noted writer, journalist and tea planter from Assam, India. Some critics called him the Walter Scott of Assam.He was President of the Asam Sahitya Sabha in 1925 which was held at Nagaon.Novels
<Coreplay>	Coreplay was a video game developer located in Munich, Germany. The company was founded by Peter Ohlmann and Andreas Drude in 2007. Peter Ohlmann previously worked on The Settlers II, Knights and Merchants and SpellForce 2. Coreplay shut down in September 2013 due to issues with their publisher, bitComposer, while Chaos Chronicles was still in development.With Ion Assault, Coreplay was the first German game development company that released a game on Xbox Live Arcade.Their project Jagged Alliance: Back in Action was announced to be released in February 2012. The game is a remake of Jagged Alliance 2 by Sir-Tech with additional features of an average graphical 3D engine, "Plan & Go" system and about 60 mercenaries for hire. The company stated that all the original voice actors will take be present in Back in Action.
<Bill_Cosby>	William Henry Cosby Jr. (/ˈkɒzbi/ KOZ-bee; born July 12, 1937) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, and media personality. He made significant contributions to American and African-American culture, and is well known in the United States for his eccentric image, and gained a reputation as "America's Dad" for his portrayal of Cliff Huxtable on The Cosby Show (1984–1992). He has received numerous awards and honorary degrees throughout his career.Cosby began his career as a stand-up comic at the hungry i nightclub in San Francisco during the 1960s. Throughout the decade, he released several standup comedy records which consecutively earned him the Grammy Award for Best Comedy Album from 1965 to 1970. He also had a starring role in the television crime show I Spy (1965–1968) opposite Robert Culp. Cosby made history when he won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series in 1966, making him the first African American to earn an Emmy Award for acting. His acting career continued as he starred in the sitcom The Bill Cosby Show, which ran for two seasons from 1969 to 1971.
<Frozen_(2010_American_film)>	Frozen is a 2010 American psychological survival horror film written and directed by Adam Green, and starring Shawn Ashmore, Kevin Zegers, and introducing Emma Bell in her film debut. It tells the story of three friends stranded in a chairlift after a day of skiing, forced to make life-or-death choices in order to survive and get down.The film was met with mixed reviews.Dan Walker, his girlfriend Parker O'Neil, and his best friend Joe Lynch, travel to a ski resort to enjoy a day on the slopes. Before departing, the three friends convince the ski lift operator to let them go on one last run down the mountain before the resort closes for a long weekend. The ski lift operator gets relieved from duty by a second operator. The first operator tells the second one that there are three people who still needed to come down, but the second operator mistakes three mingling skiers for Dan, Parker and Joe and turns the ski lift off as the three friends dangle many feet above the ground.
<William_Shepherd>	William McMichael "Bill" Shepherd (born July 26, 1949), (Capt, USN, Ret.), is an American former Navy SEAL, aerospace, ocean, and mechanical engineer, and NASA astronaut, who served as Commander of Expedition 1, the first crew on the International Space Station. He is a recipient of the Congressional Space Medal of Honor.Shepherd was born on July 26, 1949, to George R. Shepherd and Barbara Shepherd in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, but he considers Babylon, New York, his hometown. He is married to Beth Stringham of Batavia, New York. He graduated from Arcadia High School in Phoenix, Arizona in 1967, and received a Bachelor of Science degree in Aerospace Engineering from the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland in 1971. He completed Basic Underwater Demolition/SEAL (BUD/S) training in 1972, then joined the United States Naval Special Warfare Command and qualified as a Navy SEAL. He served with the Navy's Underwater Demolition Team ELEVEN, SEAL Teams ONE and TWO, and Special Boat Unit TWENTY. He obtained an Engineer's degree in Ocean Engineering and a Master of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering, both in 1978, from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).
<William_Goldman>	William Goldman (August 12, 1931 – November 16, 2018) was an American novelist, playwright, and screenwriter. He first came to prominence in the 1950s as a novelist before turning to screenwriting. He won Academy Awards for his screenplays Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid (1969) and All the President's Men (1976).His other well-known works include his thriller novel Marathon Man (1974) and his cult classic comedy/fantasy novel The Princess Bride (1973), both of which he also adapted for film versions.
<Burhan_Qurbani>	Burhan Qurbani (Persian: برهان قربانی) (born in Erkelenz on 15 November 1980) is a German film director, writer and actor of Afghan origin. His directing, writing, and acting works include Shahada (2010), 20xBrandenburg (2010 TV documentary), and Illusion (2007 short film). His modern day adaption of Alfred Döblin's modern classic novel Berlin Alexanderplatz was selected for the main competition of the 2020 Berlin International Film Festival.Shahada is a 2010 German drama film which narrates the fates of three German-born Muslims in Berlin whose paths collide as they struggle to find a middle ground between faith and modern life in western society. The film was nominated for the Golden Bear at the 60th Berlin International Film Festival.
<Greenback_Party>	The Greenback Party (known successively as the Independent Party, the National Independent Party and the Greenback Labor Party) was an American political party with an anti-monopoly ideology which was active between 1874 and 1889. The party ran candidates in three presidential elections, in 1876, 1880 and 1884, before it faded away.The party's name referred to the non-gold backed paper money, commonly known as "greenbacks," that had been issued by the North during the American Civil War and shortly afterward. The party opposed the deflationary lowering of prices paid to producers that was entailed by a return to a bullion-based monetary system, the policy favored by the Republican and Democratic Parties. Continued use of unbacked currency, it was believed, would better foster business and assist farmers by raising prices and making debts easier to pay.Initially an agrarian organization associated with the policies of the Grange, the organization took the name Greenback Labor Party in 1878 and attempted to forge a farmer–labor alliance by adding industrial reforms to its agenda, such as support of the 8-hour day and opposition to the use of state or private force to suppress union strikes. The organization faded into oblivion in the second half of the 1880s, with its basic program reborn shortly under the aegis of the People's Party, commonly known as the "Populists." Later, during the early 20th century, parts of the agenda from both parties were accomplished by the Progressives.
<University_of_Cincinnati_Academic_Health_Center>	The University of Cincinnati Academic Health Center (AHC) is a collection of health colleges and institutions of the University of Cincinnati, Cincinnati, Ohio. It trains health care professionals and provides research and patient care. AHC has strong ties to UC Health, which includes the University of Cincinnati Medical Center and West Chester Hospital. The academic health center concept originated with physician Daniel Drake, who founded the Medical College of Ohio, the precursor to the University of Cincinnati College of Medicine, in 1819.A municipally owned college for most of its history, the University of Cincinnati joined Ohio's higher education system in July 1977. In 1982, its teaching hospital, known as the General Hospital and in its present location since 1915, was renamed the University of Cincinnati Hospital. It was later changed again to its current name, University Hospital. In 2003, the name was changed from the University of Cincinnati Medical Center to the University of Cincinnati Academic Health Center to better reflect its missions in education and research. In 2010, the Academic Health Center became an integral part of the newly formed UC Health organization.
<Antônio_Primo>	Antônio Marcos de Oliveira, better known as Antônio Primo (born May 2, 1950) is a Brazilian politician. He was mayor of Buriticupu (2005–2013). Primo is the husband of Francisca Primo (PCdoB).This article about a Brazilian politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Heinz_Pagels>	Heinz Rudolf Pagels (February 19, 1939 – July 23, 1988) was an American physicist, an associate professor of physics at Rockefeller University, the executive director and chief executive officer of the New York Academy of Sciences, and president of the International League for Human Rights. He wrote the popular science books The Cosmic Code (1982), Perfect Symmetry (1985), and The Dreams of Reason: The Computer and the Rise of the Sciences of Complexity (1988).Pagels was a 1956 graduate of Woodberry Forest School in Virginia. The school awards The Heinz R. Pagels Jr. Physics Memorial Award each year to a graduating student who has demonstrated outstanding achievement in physics.Pagels obtained his PhD in elementary particle physics from Stanford University under the guidance of Sidney Drell. His technical work included the Physics Reports review articles Quantum Chromodynamics (with W. Marciano) and "Departures from Chiral Symmetry". A number of his published papers dealt with the source of the mass of elementary particles in quantum field theory, especially the Nambu–Goldstone realization of chiral symmetry breaking. He also published (with David Atkatz) a visionary paper entitled "Origin of the Universe as a quantum tunneling event" (1982) that prefigured later work done in the field. The list of his graduate students includes Dan Caldi, Saul Stokar and Seth Lloyd.
<Earl_Wilbur_Sutherland_Jr.>	Earl Wilbur Sutherland Jr. (November 19, 1915 – March 9, 1974) was an American pharmacologist and biochemist born in Burlingame, Kansas. Sutherland won a Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1971 "for his discoveries concerning the mechanisms of the action of hormones", especially epinephrine, via second messengers, namely cyclic adenosine monophosphate, or cyclic AMP.Sutherland was born on November 19, 1915, in Burlingame, Kansas. The second youngest of six children, he was raised by his mother, Edith M. Hartshorn, and his father, Earl W. Sutherland. Though his father, who was originally from Wisconsin, had attended Grinnell College for two years, he ultimately led an agrarian lifestyle that took him to both New Mexico and Oklahoma before settling down in Burlingame to raise a family. Edith, a Missouri native, had some training in nursing at what was called a "ladies college". To provide for the family, Sutherland's father ran a dry goods store, where he gave each of his children working jobs. Sutherland began fishing at the age of five, and this became a pastime that he enjoyed for most of his life. 
<Wes_Chatham>	John Wesley Chatham (born October 11, 1978) is an American actor. He has appeared in films such as In the Valley of Elah, W., The Help, and The Philly Kid, and played Castor in The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 1 and Part 2. Between 2015 and 2022, he starred as Amos Burton in The Expanse.Chatham was born on October 11, 1978.After graduating from high school, Chatham joined the U.S. Navy in the rating of Aviation Boatswain's Mate. He worked as an aviation firefighter on the flight deck of the USS Essex, working in crash and salvage for four years, reaching the rank of Petty Officer Third Class.
<Tolman_Award>	The Tolman Medal is awarded each year by the Southern California Section of the American Chemical Society (SCALACS) for outstanding contributions to chemistry which include contributions in areas of fundamental studies, chemical technology, and significant contributions to chemical education or outstanding leadership in science on a national level. To be eligible for the Medal, the recipient must have accomplished the majority of his or her work while resident in Southern California.The Medal is named for physicist and chemist Richard C. Tolman.Source: SCALACS
<Mike_Price>	Michael Bruce Price (born April 6, 1946) is a former American football coach. He was the head coach at Weber State College from 1981 to 1988, Washington State University from 1989 to 2002, and the University of Texas at El Paso (UTEP) from 2004 to 2012.  Price returned to UTEP as interim head coach for the final seven games of the 2017 season. He was hired at the University of Alabama in December 2002, but was fired before coaching a game in 2003.Born in Colorado, Price grew up in Everett, Washington, 25 miles (40 km) north of Seattle. He was the son of Walt Price, the longtime head football coach at Everett Junior College. At Everett High School, Price was a teammate of Dennis Erickson, the son of Pinky Erickson, the head coach at cross-town rival Cascade High. Everett High was coached by Bill Dunn, a next-door neighbor of the Ericksons. Dennis Erickson was a year behind Price, but took his job as starting quarterback midway through Price's senior year, and Price was moved to defense as a safety. The team finished 9–1. Price went on to play at Everett Junior College, Washington State, and finally at Puget Sound, where he co-captained the football team and was a member of the Phi Delta Theta fraternity.
<Guitar_Hero>	Guitar Hero  is a series of music rhythm game video games first released in November 2005, in which players use a guitar-shaped game controller to simulate playing primarily lead, bass guitar, and rhythm guitar across numerous songs. Players match notes that scroll on-screen to colored fret buttons on the controller, strumming the controller in time to the music in order to score points, and keep the virtual audience excited.  The games attempt to mimic many features of playing a real guitar, including the use of fast-fingering hammer-ons and pull-offs and the use of the whammy bar to alter the pitch of notes. Most games support, single player modes, typically a Career mode to play through all the songs in the game, and both competitive and cooperative multiplayer modes. With the introduction of Guitar Hero World Tour in 2008, the game includes support for a four-player band including vocals and drums. The series initially used mostly cover versions of songs created by WaveGroup Sound, but most recent titles feature soundtracks that are fully master recordings, and in some cases, special re-recordings, of the songs. Later titles in the series feature support for downloadable content in the form of new songs.In 2005, RedOctane, a company specializing in the manufacture of unique game controllers, was inspired to create Guitar Hero based on RedOctane's experience creating hardware for Konami's Guitar Freaks arcade game. They enlisted Harmonix, who previously developed several music video games, for development assistance. The first game in the series was made on a budget of $1 million. The series became extremely successful, leading to the acquisition of RedOctane by Activision in 2007. Harmonix was acquired by MTV Games and went on to create the Rock Band series of music games in the same vein as Guitar Hero. Activision brought Neversoft (primarily known for their Tony Hawk series of skateboarding games) on board for future development duties. Additional companies, such as Budcat Creations and Vicarious Visions, have assisted in the adaptation of the games for other systems.
<Pininfarina>	Silvio Pietro Angori (CEO)Pininfarina S.p.A. (short for Carrozzeria Pininfarina) is an Italian car design firm and coachbuilder, with headquarters in Cambiano, Turin, Italy. The company was founded by Battista "Pinin" Farina in 1930.
<Count_Jefferson_von_Pfeil_und_Klein-Ellguth>	Count Jefferson von Pfeil und Klein-Ellguth (Jefferson-Friedrich Volker Benjamin Graf von Pfeil und Klein-Ellguth; born 12 July 1967) is a German nobleman and a banker.Jefferson is born as the younger son and the youngest child of German Count Friedrich-August Rüdiger Albrecht von Pfeil und Klein-Ellguth (b. 1930) and his wife, Astrid Maria Andres (b. 1930). By birth he is a member of an ancient House of Pfeil und Klein-Ellguth, which can trace their noble ancestry back to the beginning of the 12th century.He married Princess Alexandra of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg on 6 June 1998, becoming the husband of a member of the Danish royal family. Jefferson and Alexandra are distantly related, as both have descended from Leopold III, Duke of Anhalt-Dessau.
<Blood_Upon_the_Rose>	Blood Upon the Rose: Easter 1916: The Rebellion that Set Ireland Free is a 2009 graphic novel written and illustrated by Irish author Gerry Hunt and published by O'Brien Press.The novel was the first to depict the events of the 1916 Easter Rising in Dublin by Irish Nationalists in comic form, and has been praised for avoiding artistic licence when re-telling the story and for the extensive research that was done to maintain factual authenticity, though some claimed it carried a 'strong pro-Republican bias'.
<Casa_Paoli>	Casa Paoli (English: Paoli House) is a historic house and biographical museum in barrio Cuarto, Ponce, Puerto Rico, in the Ponce Historic Zone. The house is significant as the birthplace of Antonio Paoli (1871–1946), a tenor who was the "first Puerto Rican to reach international recognition in the performing arts" and "one of the most outstanding opera singers of all times". The house was the childhood home of the artist and he was introduced to art and opera at this house during his formative years. In 1987, the house was turned into a museum to honor the career of Antonio Paoli. The building was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2009.The house had been a wedding gift for Paoli's parents, who married at the Ponce Cathedral after the birth of the first five of their eight children. Antonio, their seventh child, was born in the house, as were two of his siblings. The house is significant as it is the birthplace of one of the greatest opera singers of all times. It was the house Paoli occupied during his formative years. Just a few blocks from Teatro La Perla, Casa Paoli provided easy access for Paoli to Ponce's single most important theatrical arts venue. For his powerful and lyric voice, Antonio Paoli was considered the "King of the Tenors". As he sang for numerous kings around the world, Paoli is also known as the "Tenor of the Kings".
<Historic_Scotland>	Historic Scotland (Scottish Gaelic: Alba Aosmhor) was an executive agency of the Scottish Office and later the Scottish Government from 1991 to 2015, responsible for safeguarding Scotland's built heritage, and promoting its understanding and enjoyment. Under the terms of a Bill of the Scottish Parliament published on 3 March 2014, Historic Scotland was dissolved and its functions were transferred to Historic Environment Scotland (HES) on 1 October 2015.  HES also took over the functions of the Royal Commission on the Ancient and Historical Monuments of Scotland.Historic Scotland was a successor organisation to the Ancient Monuments Division of the Ministry of Works and the Scottish Development Department. It was created as an agency in 1991 and was attached to the Scottish Executive Education Department, which embraces all aspects of the cultural heritage, in May 1999. As part of the Scottish Government, Historic Scotland was directly accountable to the Scottish Ministers.
<Carling_brewery>	The Carling Brewery was founded in 1840 by Ian Carling at London in Upper Canada (now Ontario, Canada). In 1952, Carling lager was first sold in the United Kingdom, and in the early 1980s, it became the UK's most popular beer brand (by volume sold). The company changed hands numerous times – it was acquired by Canadian Breweries, which was eventually renamed Carling O'Keefe, which merged with the Molson Brewery, which then merged with Coors to form Molson Coors.The origin of Carling dates back to 1818, when Thomas Carling, a farmer from the English county of Yorkshire, and his family settled in Upper Canada, at what is now the city of London, Ontario. He brewed an ale which became popular, and eventually took up brewing full-time. The first Carling brewery had two kettles, a horse to turn the grinding mill and six men to work on the mash tubs, and Carling sold his beer from a wheelbarrow on the streets of London, Ontario.[citation needed]
<Gary_Dourdan>	Gary Dourdan (born Gary Robert Durdin: December 11, 1966) is an American actor. He is known for portraying Warrick Brown on the television series CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, Shazza Zulu on the television series A Different World and Mickey Monroe in crime thriller Righteous Villains.Dourdan was born Gary Robert Durdin in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the son of Sandy, a teacher and fashion designer, and Robert Durdin, an entrepreneur and agent for jazz musicians. Dourdan is the fourth of five children. When he was six, his 21-year-old brother Darryl died after falling from a balcony in Haiti while "doing research on the family lineage." The case remains unsolved. In his youth he moved with his family to Willingboro, New Jersey. During that time, his interests included acting, music, and martial arts. Later, Dourdan moved to New York City and worked as a doorman at a rehearsal studio, where he met some of Manhattan's promising young artists.
<Marvin_Minsky>	Marvin Lee Minsky (August 9, 1927 – January 24, 2016) was an American cognitive and computer scientist concerned largely with research of artificial intelligence (AI), co-founder of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's AI laboratory, and author of several texts concerning AI and philosophy.Minsky received many accolades and honors, including the 1969 Turing Award.
<Phyllis_Gotlieb>	Phyllis Fay Gotlieb (née Bloom; May 25, 1926 –  July 14, 2009) was a Canadian science fiction novelist and poet.Born of Jewish heritage in Toronto, Gotlieb graduated from the University of Toronto with degrees in literature in 1948 (BA) and 1950 (MA).
<Jill_Bennett_(British_actress)>	Nora Noel Jill Bennett (24 December 1931 – 4 October 1990) was a British actress, and the fourth wife of playwright John Osborne.Bennett was born in Penang, the Straits Settlements, to British parents, educated at Prior's Field School, an independent girls boarding school in Godalming, and trained at RADA. She made her stage début in the 1949 season at the Shakespeare Memorial Theatre in Stratford upon Avon, and her film début in The Long Dark Hall (1951) with Rex Harrison.
<The_Trustees_of_Reservations>	The Trustees of Reservations is a non-profit land conservation and historic preservation organization dedicated to preserving natural and historical places in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. It is the oldest land conservation nonprofit organization of its kind in the world and has 140,000 dues-paying members as of 2018[update]. In addition to land stewardship, the organization is also active in conservation partnerships, community supported agriculture (CSA), environmental and conservation education, community preservation and development, and green building. The Trustees of Reservations own title to 120 properties on 27,000 acres (11,000 ha) in Massachusetts, all of which are open to the public; it maintains conservation restrictions on over 200 additional properties. Properties include historic mansions, estates, and gardens; woodland preserves; waterfalls; mountain peaks; wetlands and riverways; coastal bluffs, beaches, and barrier islands; farmland and CSA projects; and archaeological sites.Main offices of the organization are located in Beverly, Leominster, and Sharon, Massachusetts. Financial support for the organization comes from membership dues, annual contributions, property admission fees, special events, grants, and endowments. In June 2006, The Trustees earned gold-level recognition from the United States Green Building Council for its Doyle Conservation Center in Leominster. In 2014, after seven years as an affiliate, the Boston Natural Areas Network merged with the Trustees of Reservations.The Trustees of Reservations was proposed in 1890 when the New England periodical Garden and Forest published a letter by landscape architect Charles Eliot (protégé of Frederick Law Olmsted) entitled "The Waverly Oaks." Eliot's letter proposed the immediate preservation of "special bits of scenery" still remaining "within ten miles (16 km) of the State House which possess uncommon beauty and more than usual refreshing power." To this end, Eliot proposed that legislation be enacted to create a nonprofit corporation to hold land for the public to enjoy "just as a Public Library holds books and an Art Museum holds pictures."
<C.D._Fátima>	Centro Desportivo de Fátima, simply known as Fátima, is a Portuguese football club based in Fátima, in the municipality of Ourém. Founded in 1966, it currently plays in the Championship of Portugal, holding home matches at Estádio Papa Francisco, with a capacity of 1,545 spectators.Club's home kit is dark-red for shirt, shorts and socks, with the away one being all white.Founded on 24 January 1966, Fátima first reached the Liga de Honra in 2007, but only stayed one season there. During the season's Taça da Liga, it managed to oust FC Porto on penalties, before bowing out to another first divisioner, Sporting CP (4–4 on aggregate, and with a 2–1 away triumph).
<Katherine_Locke>	Katherine Locke (June 24, 1910 – September 12, 1995) was a Broadway actress in the late 1930s.She was born in Kalinkavičy, in what is now Belarus, and raised in the U.S. Her father, Morris Locke (Mendel Lakomowitz  ), was a Hebrew teacher and amateur writer. She was educated at Damrosch Academy as a pianist, but chose instead to become an actress.After appearing in small roles, at one time as an off-stage barking dog, her career was established by appearing in the 1937 Broadway play Having Wonderful Time, co-starring with John Garfield. She appeared in films in the 1940s and 1950s as a supporting actress. She began her film work in the late 1930s in bit parts, but she is remembered today as a stage actress. She was married to radio writer Norman Corwin.
<Frank_Furness>	Frank Heyling Furness (November 12, 1839 - June 27, 1912) was an American architect of the Victorian era. He designed more than 600 buildings, most in the Philadelphia area, and is remembered for his diverse, muscular, often unordinarily scaled buildings, and for his influence on the Chicago architect Louis Sullivan. Furness also received a Medal of Honor for bravery during the Civil War.Toward the end of his life, his bold style fell out of fashion, and many of his significant works were demolished in the 20th century. Among his most important surviving buildings are the University of Pennsylvania Library (now the Fisher Fine Arts Library), the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, and the First Unitarian Church of Philadelphia, all in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and the Baldwin School Residence Hall in Bryn Mawr.
<Walter_Flanigan>	Walter Harrison Flanigan (May 7, 1890 – June 18, 1962) was an American football player and owner of the Rock Island Independents. He was also one of the co-founders of the National Football League (NFL).Flanigan joined the Independents as a backup end in 1912. For the following two seasons, he served as the team's assistant manager, under then-manager Jack Roche. He then became the manager of the team in 1915. Flanigan soon promoted the Independents by scheduling two games in 1917 against the Minneapolis Marines, who were the self-proclaimed "North West Pro Champs". This contest would help the Independents gain national attention. Rock Island lost to the Marines by close score of 7–3. However, they were defeated by a wider margin, 33–7, at the second game held in Minneapolis. However World War I and the military draft put a temporary halt to Flanigan's plans of expanding the team into new markets.However once the war ended, Flanigan brought in players from outside the Rock Island area to build on the team. In 1919, he hired Rube Ursella of the Marines to serve as a player-coach. Rube brought several other Minneapolis players with him. These new players would later help get the team an invitation to join the NFL. The Independents lost only to the Hammond Pros, led by George Halas in 1919. However, the Independents still had defeated several "Ohio League" teams that season, such as the Cincinnati Celts (33–0), the Columbus Panhandles (49–0) and the Akron Indians (17–0).
<Connie_Yori>	Connie Sue Yori (born October 3, 1963) is the former head coach of the Nebraska Cornhuskers women's basketball team representing the University of Nebraska in NCAA Division I competition. She formerly coached Loras College (a Division III school) from 1990–92 and Creighton from 1992–2002. In 2009–10, Yori was named the Naismith College Coach of the Year, AP College Basketball Coach of the Year and the Women's Basketball Coaches Association Coach of the Year after guiding Nebraska to a 32–2 record and the school's first-ever trip to the NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Championship Sweet 16.Yori was born in Des Moines, Iowa, and attended Ankeny High School in Ankeny, Iowa, where she graduated in 1982. In her six-on-six high school basketball career (girls' rules were different back then, using six players instead of five), Yori compiled 3,068 points in her career. In 1980 the Hawkettes were state champions and in 1981 were runners–up. She was also a star softball player, garnering four First Team All-State selections as a shortstop while leading Ankeny to three state championships in 1979, 1980 and 1981. Yori is a two-time inductee into the Iowa Girls' High School Athletic Union Hall of Fame—once as a basketball player, the other as a softball player.Yori attended  Creighton University and played basketball for four years. She scored 2,010 points, which ranks third all-time in Bluejays' women's basketball history, and she is also near (or at) the top of numerous other school records as well, resulting in her induction to the Creighton Athletics Hall of Fame and having her jersey number (#25) retired:
<Severo_Ochoa>	Severo Ochoa de Albornoz (Spanish: [seˈβeɾo oˈtʃoa ðe alβoɾˈnoθ]; 24 September 1905 – 1 November 1993) was a Spanish physician and biochemist, and winner of the 1959 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine together with Arthur Kornberg for their discovery of "the mechanisms in the biological synthesis of deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA)".Ochoa was born in Luarca (Asturias), Spain. His father was Severo Manuel Ochoa, (who he was named after), a lawyer and businessman, and his mother was Carmen de Albornoz. Ochoa was the nephew of Álvaro de Albornoz (President of the Second Spanish Republic in exile and former Foreign Minister), and a cousin of the poet and critic Aurora de Albornoz. His father died when Ochoa was seven, and he and his mother moved to Málaga, where he attended elementary school through high school.  His interest in biology was stimulated by the publications of the Spanish neurologist and Nobel laureate Santiago Ramón y Cajal. In 1923, he went to the University of Madrid Medical School, where he hoped to work with Ramón y Cajal, but Ramón y Cajal retired. He studied with father Pedro Arrupe, and Juan Negrín was his teacher:
<Luciana_Paluzzi>	Luciana Paluzzi (born 10 June 1937) is an Italian actress. She is perhaps best known for playing SPECTRE assassin Fiona Volpe in the fourth James Bond film, Thunderball, but she had important roles in notable films of the 1960s and 1970s in both the Italian film industry and Hollywood, including Chuka, The Green Slime, 99 Women, Black Gunn, The Klansman and The Sensuous Nurse.Paluzzi was born in Rome and was brought up there. She went to Milan and studied naval engineering for two years at the Scientific Academy of Milan, being the only woman in her class.
<Arun_Kumar_Biswas>	Arun Kumar Biswas (6 July 1934 – 30 November 2015) was a professor at Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur (India) during 1963–95. He is well known for his contributions in the area of mineral engineering, archaeometallurgy, minerals and gems in antiquity, history of science, philosophy, science and music, etc. Biswas was the founding member of Indian Institute of Mineral Engineers (1969). Founder president of Indian Language Society in the early 1980s at IIT/K, he served several organizations in various honorary capacities:  Mahendralal Sircar Research Professor in History of Science at the Asiatic Society, Kolkata (1995–2001); the AICTE Emeritus Fellow at the Jadavpur University (2001–2004); and INSA Research Fellow in Kolkata. He was a member of the INSA National Commission for History of Science and, the editorial board member of the Indian Journal of the History of Science.After his initial studies at Saint Xaviers College (1948–52), he went on to Science College (1952–59) (both in Calcutta) to complete his Master and Doctorate degrees in Applied Chemistry. He submitted his doctoral thesis (1959) on surface-active agents from glycerides and their fascinating micellar world in aqueous solutions. Inspired by the advice of his mentor, Dr. K.K. Majumdar (who later became the founding President of the Indian Institute of Mineral Engineers (IIME)), Biswas took up mineral engineering as one of the goals of his professional career and the study of the challenging subject of froth flotation which involved the investigations related to surface science, one of his passions. In his own words, ‘... (he) contacted Professor AM Gaudin of MIT and was warmly invited ... and then opened before him the glamorous world of MIT education in several fields: mineralogy and crystallography (William Dennen and Martin Burger), optical mineralogy (GE Agar), mineral engineering (AM Gaudin), physical chemistry of surfaces (PL de Bruyn and Alan Michaels) and even archaeometallurgy (the famous CS Smith) and history of science and civilization (guess who, Aldous Huxley who was a Visiting Professor during the Centenary year of 1961)!’ He went to MIT as a Fulbright Fellow. At MIT (1960–63), he worked on hysteresis of contact angle under the guidance of Professor Antoine Marc Gaudin. Learning at MIT was not confined to science of mineral processing; he continued with his interest in music, which he developed in early fifties, and simultaneously attended a course in Music Department on 'Music Appreciation'.
<Kennedy_Center_Honors>	The Kennedy Center Honors are annual honors given to those in the performing arts for their lifetime of contributions to American culture. They have been presented annually since 1978, culminating each December in a gala celebrating five honorees in the Kennedy Center Opera House in Washington, D.C.  While the awards are primarily given to individuals, they have occasionally been given to couples or musical groups, as well as to one Broadway musical and one television show.George Stevens Jr. created the Kennedy Center Honors with Nick Vanoff and produced the first gala in 1978. He was the producer and co-writer through the 2014 awards, after which he sold the production rights to the Kennedy Center.
<Ben_Amos>	Benjamin Paul Amos (born 10 April 1990) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Wigan Athletic. Born in Macclesfield, Cheshire, Amos began his career with Crewe Alexandra's youth academy, but joined Manchester United at the age of 11. He has also played for Bolton Wanderers and has spent time on loan at Peterborough United, Molde, and Oldham Athletic. Additionally, Amos is an England youth international, having represented his country at every level from Under-16 to Under-21.Amos was born in Macclesfield, Cheshire and was a member of the Crewe Alexandra academy until he was released at the age of 10. While at Crewe, he also played for another local team, Bollington United, as a centre midfielder. One year later, Amos was playing for his local team against the team at the top of the table, and they needed to win the match to win the league. Amos' team's goalkeeper was injured during the game, and as the tallest on the team, Amos was put in goal; however, he had also been the team's regular penalty taker all season, so when they were awarded a penalty, he went all the way up the pitch to take the kick. He scored, and his team went on to win the game 3–2, together with the league title. After the game, his parents told him that a Manchester United scout had been watching him and that he had been invited for trials. Amos joined Manchester United at the age of 11.
<Dean_McDermott>	Dean McDermott (born November 16, 1966)  is a Canadian actor best known as a reality television personality with his wife, actress Tori Spelling, and as the host of the cooking competition Chopped Canada. He played the role of Constable Renfield Turnbull on the TV series Due South.McDermott was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, to David and Doreen McDermott.  He has three sisters, Dale, Dawn, and Dana. He graduated from North Albion Collegiate Institute in Rexdale, Ontario.McDermott has performed in films Open Range, Irvine Welsh's Ecstasy and Against the Ropes.
<Stutton_railway_station>	Stutton railway station was a railway station in Stutton, North Yorkshire, on the Harrogate to Church Fenton Line. The station opened on 10 August 1847 and closed to passenger traffic on 30 June 1905. It remained open to goods traffic until it closed completely on 6 July 1964.The two-storey brick and sandstone station building was designed by George Townsend Andrews in the form of two side-by-side railway cottages.  It was built on the up platform and is now used as a private residence.  The roof of its single-storey northern extension was extended as a narrow canopy over the platform.  The goods yard consisted only of one siding and a headshunt and had a cattle dock.  A wooden signal box stood at the northern end of the station next to the level crossing with Weedling Gate. It was pulled down towards the end of the 1960s.  Since the village that was served by the station was rather small, and Tadcaster station very close, passenger numbers remained low, causing the early closure to regular passenger services. Only chartered holiday trains occasionally called at Stutton afterwards.
<Shelley_Winters>	Shelley Winters (born Shirley Schrift; August 18, 1920 – January 14, 2006) was an American actress whose career spanned seven decades. She appeared in numerous films. She won Academy Awards for The Diary of Anne Frank (1959) and A Patch of Blue (1965), and received nominations for A Place in the Sun (1951) and The Poseidon Adventure (1972). She also appeared in A Double Life (1947), The Night of the Hunter (1955), Lolita (1962), Alfie (1966), Next Stop, Greenwich Village (1976), and Pete's Dragon (1977). In addition to film, Winters appeared in television, including a tenure on the sitcom Roseanne, and wrote three autobiographical books.Shelley Winters was born Shirley Schrift in St. Louis, Missouri, the daughter of Rose (née Winter), a singer with St. Louis Municipal Opera Theatre ("The Muny"), and Jonas Schrift, a designer of men's clothing. Her parents were Jewish; her father migrated from Grymalow, Austria-Hungary, in what is now Ukraine, and her mother was born in St. Louis to Austrian immigrants who were also from Grymalow. Her parents were third cousins. Her Jewish education included attendance at the Jamaica Jewish Center and learning Hebrew songs at her public school. Her family moved to Brooklyn, New York, when she was nine years old, and she grew up partly in Queens, New York, as well. As a young woman, she worked as a model. Her sister Blanche Schrift later married George Boroff, who ran the Circle Theatre (now named El Centro Theatre) in Los Angeles, California. At age 16, Winters relocated to Los Angeles, and later returned to New York to study acting at The New School.Winters made her Broadway debut in The Night Before Christmas (1941) which had a short run. She had a small part in Rosalinda, an adaptation of Die Fledermaus (1942–44) which ran for 611 performances. Winters first received acclaim when she joined the cast of Oklahoma! as Ado Annie.
<Eugene_Parker>	Eugene Newman Parker (June 10, 1927 – March 15, 2022) was an American solar and plasma physicist. In the 1950s he proposed the existence of the solar wind and that the magnetic field in the outer Solar System would be in the shape of a Parker spiral, predictions that were later confirmed by spacecraft measurements. In 1987, Parker proposed the existence of nanoflares, a leading candidate to explain the coronal heating problem.Parker obtained his PhD from Caltech and spent four years as a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Utah. He joined University of Chicago in 1955 and spent the rest of his career there, holding positions in the physics department, the astronomy and astrophysics department, and the Enrico Fermi Institute. Parker was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 1967. In 2017, NASA named its Parker Solar Probe in his honor, the first NASA spacecraft named after a living person.
<Gabriel_Byrne>	Gabriel James Byrne (born 12 May 1950) is an Irish actor, film director, film producer, screenwriter, audiobook narrator, and author. His acting career began in the Focus Theatre before he joined London's Royal Court Theatre in 1979. Byrne's screen debut came in the Irish drama serial The Riordans and the spin-off show Bracken.He has starred in more than 70 films for some of cinema's best known directors. For his Broadway work, he has received two Tony nominations for roles in the work of Eugene O'Neill as well as the Outer Critics Circle Award for A Touch of the Poet. For his television work, Byrne has been nominated for three Emmys. For his performance in HBO's American drama In Treatment (2008–2010) in the role of Paul Weston, one of his most identifiable roles, he won a Golden Globe Award and was nominated for two Emmy Awards and two Satellite Awards.
<Toby_Young>	Toby Daniel Moorsom Young (born 17 October 1963) is a British social commentator. He is the founder and director of the Free Speech Union, an associate editor of The Spectator, and a former associate editor at Quillette.A graduate of the University of Oxford, Young briefly worked for The Times, before co-founding the London magazine Modern Review in 1991. He edited it until financial difficulties led to its demise in 1995. His 2001 memoir, How to Lose Friends & Alienate People, details his subsequent employment at Vanity Fair. He then went on to write for The Sun on Sunday, the Daily Mail, The Daily Telegraph, and The Spectator. He also served as a judge in seasons five and six of the television show Top Chef. A proponent of free schools, Young co-founded the West London Free School and served as director of the New Schools Network.
<Erick_Hawkins>	Frederick "Erick" Hawkins (April 23, 1909 – November 23, 1994) was an American modern-dance choreographer and dancer.Frederick Hawkins was born in Trinidad, Colorado, on April 23, 1909. He majored in Greek civilization at Harvard University, graduating in 1930. A performance by the German dancers Harald Kreutzberg and Yvonne Georgi so impressed him that he went to Austria to study dance with the former. Later, he studied at the School of American Ballet.Soon he was dancing with George Balanchine's American Ballet.  In 1937, he choreographed his first dance, Show Piece, which was performed by Ballet Caravan. The next year, Hawkins was the first man to dance with the company of the famous modern dancer and choreographer Martha Graham. In 1939, he officially joined her troupe, dancing male lead in a number of her works, including Appalachian Spring in 1944. They married in 1948. He left her troupe in 1951 to found his own, and they divorced in 1954.
<Seattle_University>	Seattle University (SeattleU) is a private Jesuit university in Seattle, Washington. Seattle University is the largest independent university in the Northwestern United States, with over 7,500 students enrolled in undergraduate and graduate programs within eight schools.In 1891, Adrian Sweere, S.J., took over a small parish school near downtown Seattle at Broadway and Madison. At first, the school was named after the surrounding Immaculate Conception parish and did not offer higher education. In 1898, the school was named Seattle College after both the city and Chief Seattle, and it granted its first bachelor's degrees 11 years later. Initially, the school served as both a high school and college. From 1919 to 1931, the college moved to Interlaken Blvd, but in 1931 it returned to First Hill permanently. In 1931, Seattle College created a "night school" for women, though admitting women was highly controversial at the time.In 1948, Seattle College changed its name to Seattle University, under Father Albert A. Lemieux, S.J. In 1993, the Seattle University School of Law was established through the purchase of the Law School of the University of Puget Sound in Tacoma, and the School of Law moved to the Seattle campus in 1999.
<Dorothy_Buffum_Chandler>	Dorothy Buffum Chandler (May 19, 1901 – July 6, 1997; born Dorothy Mae Buffum) was a Los Angeles cultural leader. She is perhaps best known for her efforts on behalf of the performing arts.Born Dorothy Mae Buffum (nicknamed "Buff" or "Buffie") in 1901 in La Fayette, Illinois, she moved to Long Beach, California, in 1904 with her family. Her father, Charles Abel Buffum (later mayor 1921–1924), and her uncle, Edwin, opened the first of what would become the 16-store chain of Buffums department stores.It was during her years at Long Beach High School that two characteristics that would help determine the kind of woman Dorothy Buffum Chandler would become were first evidenced:  She liked competition, especially against members of the opposite sex, and she had a recurring feeling, a “sense,” really, of time slipping away while things that needed doing went undone. She was a good sprinter in high school, and looked on male students not so much as potential escorts but as objects of competition. “I didn’t take to boys much except to run against them and beat them,” she once said.
<Jonathan_Pereira_Rodríguez>	Jonathan Pereira Rodríguez (born 12 May 1987), sometimes known simply as Jonathan, is a Spanish professional footballer. A forward, his main asset is his incredible speed.Pereira was born in Vigo, Pontevedra. After having completed his footballing education at Villarreal CF, he made his first-team – and La Liga – debut against Levante UD on 21 October 2006: he entered the pitch with 25 minutes to go and scored after only two minutes on the field, going on to total four league appearances throughout the season.
<A_Dream_Play>	A Dream Play (Swedish: Ett drömspel) is a fantasy play in 14 scenes written in 1901 by the Swedish playwright August Strindberg. It was published in Swedish in 1902 and first performed in Stockholm on 17 April 1907. It remains one of Strindberg's most admired and influential dramas, seen as an important precursor to both dramatic Expressionism and Surrealism.The primary character in the play is Agnes, a daughter of the Vedic god Indra. She descends to Earth to bear witness to problems of human beings. She meets about 40 characters, some of them having a clearly symbolical value (such as four deans representing theology, philosophy, medicine, and law) and is herself enmeshed in a wrenching marriage. After experiencing all sorts of human suffering (for example poverty, cruelty, and the routine of family life), the daughter of gods realizes that human beings are to be pitied. Only the Poet, who has created the dream, seems unaffected by human suffering. Finally, she returns to Heaven and this moment corresponds to the awakening from a dream-like sequence of events.
<Francisco_Borrego>	Francisco José 'Paco' Borrego Campos (born 6 June 1986 in Jaén, Andalusia) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Rota as a central defender.
<Father,_Dear_Father>	Father, Dear Father is a British television sitcom produced by Thames Television for ITV from 1968 to 1973 starring Patrick Cargill. It was subsequently made into a spin-off film of the same title released in 1973.An Australian sequel series of the same name (though usually referred to as Father, Dear Father in Australia to distinguish it from the UK original) followed in 1978. The same year a West German adaptation Oh, This Father starring Willy Millowitsch began, lasting until 1981.
<Associação_Naval_1º_de_Maio>	Associação Naval 1º de Maio or Associação Naval 1893, commonly known as Naval, is a Portuguese football club based in Figueira da Foz, Coimbra District. Founded on 1 May 1893, it plays in the Division of Honour in the Coimbra Football Association, holding home games at the Estádio Municipal José Bento Pessoa, with a capacity of 12,630 spectators. The club spent six seasons between 2005 and 2011 in the first division, the Primeira Liga.Naval is one of the main teams from the Centro Region, alongside Académica de Coimbra, S.C. Beira-Mar, União de Leiria and União de Coimbra.
<Cedric_Foo>	Cedric Foo Chee Keng (Chinese: 符致镜; pinyin: Fú Zhìjìng; born 16 July 1960) is a Singaporean former politician. A member of the governing People's Action Party (PAP), he was the Member of Parliament (MP) representing the Pioneer division of West Coast GRC between 2001 and 2011, and Pioneer SMC between 2011 and 2020.Born on 16 July 1960 in British Singapore, Foo attended Kim Seng East Primary School and Tanglin Technical School (now Tanglin Secondary School) before graduating from Singapore Polytechnic in 1980.
<Nicholas_Brown_III>	Nicholas Brown III (October 2, 1792 – March 2, 1859) was the United States Consul to the Papal court from 1845 to 1853 and later was Lieutenant Governor of Rhode Island from 1856 to 1857, serving under Governor W. W. Hoppin.Nicholas Brown III was born on October 2, 1792, in Providence, Rhode Island, the eldest of three surviving children born to Nicholas Brown Jr. (1769–1841), the namesake patron of Brown University, and Ann Carter, daughter of John Carter, a prominent printer in Providence. His younger brother was John Carter Brown II (1797–1874). His grandfather was Nicholas Brown Sr. (1729–1791), brother of John Brown, Moses Brown, and Joseph Brown, who was a merchant and slave trader who co-founded the College in the English Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations which is today known as Brown University.He graduated from Brown University, which was founded by his family, in 1811 and attended the Litchfield Law School.
<Carty_Salmon>	Charles Carty Salmon (27 July 1860 – 15 September 1917) was an Australian politician who served as the second Speaker of the Australian House of Representatives, in office from 1909 to 1910. A doctor by profession, he began his political career in the Victorian Legislative Assembly before winning election to the House of Representatives at the inaugural 1901 federal election. He represented the Protectionist Party initially and then the Liberal Party, serving as Speaker for the duration of the Third Deakin Ministry. Salmon lost his seat in 1913, but returned to the House at a by-election in 1915. He died in office two years later.Salmon was born at Amherst, Victoria on 27 July 1860 to English-born parents: storekeeper Frederick Browne Salmon and Susannah Carty, née Arnell, both English born. Charles Salmon prospered as a storekeeper and became a grazier in the Talbot district, and Susannah’s brother was head of a tobacco importing and manufacturing company. After matriculating from Scotch College, Melbourne he worked briefly with both his father and his uncle, but not liking either employment he enrolled in medicine at the University of Melbourne in 1886, living at Trinity College. Here he learnt the arts of rowing and debating. After three years study in Melbourne he completed his medical training at the Edinburgh Medical School, making time for tours of England and the continent.
<Gerald_P._Carr>	Colonel Gerald Paul Carr (August 22, 1932 – August 26, 2020) was an American mechanical and aeronautical engineer, United States Marine Corps officer, naval aviator, and NASA astronaut. He was Commander of Skylab 4, the third and final crewed visit to the Skylab Orbital Workshop, from  November 16, 1973, to February 8, 1974.Carr was born in Denver, Colorado, on August 22, 1932, but was raised in Santa Ana, California, which he considered his home town. He was the son of Thomas E. Carr and Freda L. (née Wright) Carr. He was active in the Boy Scouts of America where he achieved its highest rank, Eagle Scout. Carr graduated from Santa Ana High School in Santa Ana in 1950.
<Meshulam_Riklis>	Meshulam Riklis (Hebrew: משולם ריקליס;‎ 2 December 1923 – 25 January 2019) was an Israeli financier and businessman.Born in Istanbul to a Russian-Jewish family, Riklis grew up in Tel Aviv, and attended the Herzliya Hebrew Gymnasium high school; before coming to the United States in 1947 with his first wife, Judith Stern, with whom he had three children: Simona (Mona), Marcia, and Ira. He studied mathematics at Ohio State University, graduating in 1950. His first significant job was as a junior stock analyst for the Minneapolis investment firm Piper Jaffray.
<Robin_Bartlett>	Robin Bartlett (born April 22, 1951) is an American actress. She is best known for her roles in two NBC sitcoms The Powers That Be and Mad About You.She appeared in the short-lived series The Powers That Be. She played the lesbian sister of a filmmaker for Mad About You and a television producer in Series. She played a teacher in each films, Lean on Me and If Looks Could Kill. She played the drug rehab roommate for Postcards from the Edge. In addition, she played the dean of a private school in an episode ("The Ida Funkhouser Roadside Memorial") of the HBO series Curb Your Enthusiasm.In June 2010, it was announced Barlett would play Hannah Pitt in Signature Theatre Company's 20th-anniversary production of Tony Kushner's Angels in America. She played Bridget Kearns in Shutter Island in 2010.
<Estelle_Reiner>	Estelle Reiner (née Lebost; June 5, 1914 – October 25, 2008) was an American actress and singer, described by The New York Times as "matriarch of one of the leading families in American comedy". She was the wife of Carl Reiner and the mother of Rob Reiner.Reiner was born in the Bronx and graduated from James Monroe High School. She was a visual artist and met her future husband, Carl Reiner, while she was working in the Catskills, designing stage sets for hotel shows. She married Reiner in 1943, and had three children Rob, Lucas and Annie. She was Jewish.
<Adventures_of_Wim>	Adventures of Wim is a book by George Cockcroft, written under the pen name Luke Rhinehart. It was first published in 1986.The book is composed of sections taken from other, fictional books. The preface to the book claims that it was written in Deya, Majorca, in 2326. According to the book, an entire industry has grown up publishing books about a Montauk named Wim - including The Gospel According to Luke (Luke Forth, not Luke Rhinehart) and the screenplay of a movie. The screenplay is possibly in there as a result of Luke Rhinehart's continuing frustration in trying to get The Dice Man turned into a good movie. Adventures of Wim, then, is an effort to create a new interpretation of the story of Wim, drawing on the many previous efforts, and so providing a multi-faceted and whimsical account of 'one of the greatest figures in the 20th and 21st Century'.
<The_Real_Ghostbusters>	The Real Ghostbusters is an American animated television series, a spin-off/sequel of the 1984 comedy film Ghostbusters. The series ran from September 13, 1986, to October 5, 1991, and was produced by Columbia Pictures Television and DIC Enterprises, and distributed by Coca-Cola Telecommunications.The series continues the adventures of paranormal investigators Dr. Peter Venkman, Dr. Egon Spengler, Dr. Ray Stantz, Winston Zeddemore, their secretary Janine Melnitz and their mascot ghost Slimer.
<Fernando_Torres_(actor)>	Fernando Monteiro Torres (14 November 1927 – 4 September 2008) was a Brazilian actor and voice-over artist, as well as a television, film and theater director and producer. Torres' career in Brazilian film, stage and television spanned over five decades. He was best known to international movie audiences for his supporting role as Americo in the 1985 film, Kiss of the Spider Woman, which won several awards.He was born in Guaçuí, Espírito Santo, Brazil, on November 14, 1927. Torres was married to Academy Award-nominated Brazilian actress Fernanda Montenegro from 1953 until his death. The couple had two children together, film director Cláudio Torres (pt) and actress Fernanda Torres. Torres founded the Teatro dos Sete in 1959.Fernando Torres died in his home in Rio de Janeiro of pulmonary emphysema on September 4, 2008, at the age of 80.
<Thomas_E._Baker>	Thomas Eugene Baker is a constitutional law scholar, Professor of Law, and founding member of the Florida International University College of Law. With four decades of teaching experience, Baker has authored eighteen books, including two leading casebooks, has published more than 200 scholarly articles in leading law journals, and has received numerous teaching awards.Baker graduated from Florida State University (B.S., 1974, cum laude), double majoring in economics and political science, and from the University of Florida College of Law (J.D., 1977, high honors), where he was a board member of the Florida Law Review and a Moot Court board editor and supervisor. He graduated in the top 3 percent of his class and was inducted into the Order of the Coif, the Phi Kappa Phi Honor Society, and the Omicron Delta Kappa National Leadership Society.After clerking in the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit (1977–79), Baker worked at the Supreme Court of the United States as a Judicial Fellow (1985–86) and as acting administrative assistant to Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist (1986–87).
<Edwin_Atherton>	Edwin Newton Atherton (October 12, 1896 – August 31, 1944) served as a foreign service officer, Bureau of Investigation agent, private investigator, and later, appointed head of the college athletics organization, the Pacific Coast Conference in 1940.Born in Washington, D.C., the son of Edwin J Atherton and Mary Agnes McCarten. Atherton studied law at Georgetown University (1914) for only four months. After leaving Georgetown, he was a clerk in a bank and then entered the consular service (January 1916) where during World War I he served in Genoa, Italy, followed by Bulgaria, and Jerusalem. After the war, Atherton served in Canada, then resigned from consular duties, March 13, 1925, and served the Department of Justice from 1925 to 1927. He served in New York, Boston, Detroit, Los Angeles and headed the Department of Justice office in San Francisco, California.His service in the BOI (later FBI) was notable for his having worked on the 1924 capture of a neo-revolutionary army of Mexican nationals under the leadership of General Enrique Estrada at Engineer Springs on the California border. He resigned from the BOI in 1927 and started a private investigating firm in Los Angeles with another former special agent, Joseph Dunn, called Atherton and Dunn.
<Edward_Gibson>	Edward George Gibson (born November 8, 1936) is a former NASA astronaut, pilot, engineer, and physicist.Before becoming an astronaut, Gibson graduated from the University of Rochester and the California Institute of Technology. He became a research assistant in jet propulsion while completing his studies, and eventually became a research scientist for Philco Corporation until joining NASA in 1965. Gibson is the last surviving crew member of Skylab 4.
<Don_McKellar>	Don McKellar CM (born August 17, 1963) is a Canadian actor, writer, playwright, and filmmaker. He was part of a loosely-affiliated group of filmmakers to emerge from Toronto known as the Toronto New Wave. He is known for directing and writing the film Last Night, which won the Prix de la Jeunesse at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival, as well as his screenplays for films like Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould, The Red Violin, and Blindness. McKellar frequently acts in his own projects, and has also appeared in Atom Egoyan’s Exotica and David Cronenberg’s eXistenZ. He is also known for being a fixture on Canadian television, with series including Twitch City, Odd Job Jack, and Slings and Arrows, as well as writing the book for the popular Tony Award winning musical The Drowsy Chaperone. He is an eight-time nominee and two-time Genie Award winner.
<Charles_C._Haight>	Charles Coolidge Haight (March 17, 1841 – February 9, 1917) was an American architect who practiced in New York City. He designed most of the buildings at Columbia College's now-demolished old campus on Madison Avenue, and designed numerous buildings at Yale University, many of which have survived (even though Yale's collegiate-gothic architecture is more often associated with the better known James Gamble Rogers). He designed the master plan and many of the buildings on the campus of the General Theological Seminary in Chelsea, New York, most of which have survived. Haight's architectural drawings and photographs are held in the Dept. of Drawings and Archives at the Avery Architectural and Fine Arts Library at Columbia University in New York City.Haight was born at New York City on March 17, 1841, the son of the Rev. Benjamin I. Haight and his wife, Hetty Coolidge. He graduated from Columbia College in 1861, and studied law at Columbia until the outbreak of America's Civil War. In 1862, Haight enlisted at Baltimore with New York's Seventh Regiment, and then fought with the Thirty-first New York Volunteers. In 1864, he was wounded during the Battle of the Wilderness, after which he retired from military service. After the war, Haight apprenticed with the architect Emlen T. Littell (1840–91) until 1867 when he opened his own office.In 1865, Haight married Euphemia Kneeland (1842–1909), with whom he had four children. He died at his home in Garrison, New York in 1917.
<Rolf_Schock_Prizes>	The Rolf Schock Prizes were established and endowed by bequest of philosopher and artist Rolf Schock (1933–1986). The prizes were first awarded in Stockholm, Sweden, in 1993 and, since 2005, are awarded every three years. Each recipient currently receives SEK 400,000 (approximately US$60,000). A similar prize is the Kyoto Prize in Arts and Philosophy, established by the Inamori Foundation. It is considered the equivalent of the Nobel Prize in Philosophy.The Prizes are awarded in four categories and decided by committees of three of the Swedish Royal Academies:
<Long_Beach,_California>	Long Beach is a city in Los Angeles County, California. It is the 42nd-most populous city in the United States, with a population of 466,742 as of 2020. A charter city, Long Beach is the seventh-most populous city in California.Incorporated in 1897, Long Beach lies in Southern California in the southern part of Los Angeles County. Long Beach is approximately 20 miles (32 km) south of downtown Los Angeles, and is part of the Gateway Cities region. The Port of Long Beach is the second busiest container port in the United States and is among the world's largest shipping ports. The city is over an oilfield with minor wells both directly beneath the city as well as offshore.
<Benik_Afobe>	Benik Tunani Afobe (born 12 February 1993) is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for EFL Championship club Millwall. He represented the DR Congo national team on six occasions between 2017 and 2018.Afobe signed a professional contract with Arsenal in February 2010, and was loaned to various clubs including Huddersfield Town, Reading, Bolton Wanderers, Millwall, Sheffield Wednesday and Milton Keynes Dons before signing for Wolverhampton Wanderers in January 2015. A year later, he signed for Bournemouth for £10 million. After a season there, he returned on loan to former club Wolves the following season where he secured a £10 million transfer back to Molineux. However soon after, he joined Stoke City initially on loan before a permanent switch in January 2019.
<Resham_Tipnis>	Resham Tipnis is an Indian television actress. She did a small role of Anjali Sinha in Shah Rukh Khan starrer film Baazigar in 1993. She was a contestant of Bigg Boss Marathi Season 1. She is now seen Sony Entertainment Television's Punyashlok Ahilyabai as Queen Dwarkabai Sahib after 8 year leap since July 2022.Tipnis married actor Sanjeev Seth in 1993 at the age of 20, but they divorced in 2004. They have two children Manav Seth and Rishika Seth. As of 2018, she is in a relationship with Sandesh Kirtikar.
<Rashid_Sunyaev>	Rashid Alievich Sunyaev (Tatar: Рәшит Гали улы Сөнәев, Russian: Раши́д Али́евич Сюня́ев; born 1 March 1943 in Tashkent, USSR) is a German, Soviet, and Russian astrophysicist of Tatar descent. He got his MS degree from the Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology (MIPT) in 1966. He became a professor at MIPT in 1974. Sunyaev was the head of the High Energy Astrophysics Department of the Russian Academy of Sciences, and has been chief scientist of the Academy's Space Research Institute since 1992. He has also been a director of the Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics in Garching, Germany since 1996, and Maureen and John Hendricks Distinguished Visiting Professor in the School of Natural Sciences at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton since 2010.Sunyaev and Yakov B. Zeldovich developed the theory for the evolution of density fluctuations in the early universe. They predicted the pattern of acoustic fluctuations that have been clearly seen by WMAP and other CMB experiments in the microwave sky and in the large-scale distribution of galaxies. Sunyaev and Zeldovich stated in their 1970 paper, "A detailed investigation of the spectrum of fluctuations may, in principle, lead to an understanding of the nature of initial density perturbations since a distinct periodic dependence of the spectral density of perturbations on wavelength (mass) is peculiar to adiabatic perturbations." CMB experiments have now seen this distinctive scale in temperature and polarization measurements. Large-scale structure observations have seen this scale in galaxy clustering measurements.With Yakov B. Zeldovich, at the Moscow Institute of Applied Mathematics, he proposed what is known as the Sunyaev-Zeldovich effect, which is due to electrons associated with gas in galaxy clusters scattering the cosmic microwave background radiation.
<Kuvempu>	Kuppali Venkatappa Puttappa (29 December 1904 – 11 November 1994), popularly known by his pen name Kuvempu// (listen), was an Indian poet, playwright, novelist and critic. He is widely regarded as the greatest Kannada poet of the 20th century. He was the first Kannada writer to receive the Jnanpith Award.Kuvempu studied at Mysuru University in the 1920s, taught there for nearly three decades and served as its vice-chancellor from 1956 to 1960. He initiated education in Kannada as the language medium. For his contributions to Kannada Literature, the Government of Karnataka decorated him with the honorific Rashtrakavi ("National Poet") in 1964 and Karnataka Ratna ("The Gem of Karnataka") in 1992. He was conferred the Padma Vibhushan by the Government of India in 1988. He penned the Karnataka State Anthem Jaya Bharata Jananiya Tanujate.
<Mercedes-Benz_W201>	The Mercedes-Benz W201 was the internal designation for the Mercedes 190 series sedans, a range of front-engine, rear drive, five passenger, four-door sedans manufactured over a single generation, from 1982 to 1993 as the company's first compact class automobile.Designed by Bruno Sacco, head of styling at Mercedes-Benz from 1975 to 1999, the W201 debuted at the 1982 Paris Motor show. Manufactured in both Bremen and Sindelfingen, Germany, production reached 1,879,629 over its eleven-year model life.
<Southend_United_F.C.>	Southend United Football Club is a professional association football club based in Southend-on-Sea, Essex, England. As of the 2022–23 season, the team competes in the National League, the fifth tier of English football. Southend are known as "The Shrimpers", a reference to the area's maritime industry included as one of the quarters on the club badge. The club is owned by property developer Ron Martin.Founded on 19 May 1906 in the Blue Boar pub, Southend won the Southern League Second Division in both of their two initial seasons and were admitted into the Football League in 1920. They spent the next 44 years in the third tier of English football, before dropping into the Fourth Division in 1966. They spent the next 24 years moving between the third and fourth tiers, winning promotions in 1971–72, 1977–78, 1980–81 (as champions), 1986–87 and 1989–90. They were promoted into the Second Division for the first time at the end of the 1990–91 season. After six seasons in the second tier they suffered a double relegation in 1997 and 1998. Under the stewardship of Steve Tilson, Southend again secured a double promotion in 2004–05 and 2005–06 to win a place in the Championship as League One champions. However this time they only lasted one season in the second tier and were relegated back to League Two in 2010. They secured promotion as play-off winners in 2015, but suffered two successive relegations in 2020 and 2021, amidst financial problems. After 101 years in the Football League, the club dropped to the National League for the 2021–22 season, where they continue to play now.
<Toshiya_Sugiuchi>	As coachToshiya Sugiuchi (杉内 俊哉, Sugiuchi Toshiya, born October 30, 1980 in Kasuga, Fukuoka, Japan) is a Japanese baseball player. He is a left-handed starting pitcher for the Yomiuri Giants.
<The_Sea_Around_Us>	The Sea Around Us is a prize-winning and best-selling book by the American marine biologist Rachel Carson, first published as a whole by Oxford University Press in 1951. It reveals the science and poetry of the sea while ranging from its primeval beginnings to the latest scientific probings. Often described as "poetic," it was Carson's second published book and the one that launched her into the public eye and a second career as a writer and conservationist; in retrospect it is counted the second book of her so-called sea trilogy.The Sea Around Us won both the 1952 National Book Award for Nonfictionand a Burroughs Medal in nature writing. It remained on the New York Times Best Seller List for 86 weeks and it has been translated into 28 languages.
<Thomas_White_(Australian_politician)>	Second World WarSir Thomas Walter White, KBE, DFC, VD (26 April 1888 – 13 October 1957) was an Australian politician and pilot in the First World War. In 1914 he became one of the first airmen trained for the Australian Flying Corps (AFC), and the following year he was among the first AFC members to see action when he was deployed to the Middle East with the Mesopotamian Half Flight. After carrying out several missions behind Turkish lines, he was captured in November 1915 but escaped in July 1918. White was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross and twice mentioned in despatches for his war service. He married Vera Deakin, a Red Cross worker and daughter of former Australian Prime Minister Alfred Deakin, in 1920.
<Milena_Dravić>	Milena Dravić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милена Дравић, pronounced [mîlena drǎːvitɕ]; 5 October 1940 – 14 October 2018) was a Yugoslav and Serbian film, television and theatre actress.Born in Belgrade, Dravić became involved with performing arts at the age of four via her parents enrolling her in a dance program. She would later switch to classical ballet.In 1959, still a high school student, Dravić got spotted by director František Čáp who approached the eighteen-year-old about being in his film Vrata ostaju otvorena after seeing her on the cover of a youth magazine in a ballet dancers' group photo. After appearing in a few more films, she decided to pursue acting full-time and to that end successfully enrolled at the Academy of Theatre Arts (APU) within the Arts Academy in Belgrade.
<Caroline_Endres_Diescher>	Caroline Endres Diescher (February 1846 – February 7, 1930), also known as Caroline Endres, was notable as one of the first female engineers in the United States. With her father John Endres, who was born and educated in Prussia, she designed two inclines in the Pittsburgh area: the Monongahela Incline and the Mount Oliver Incline, which opened in 1870 and 1871, respectively.Born in Cincinnati, Ohio in February 1846, Caroline Endres was a daughter of Prussian-born engineer John Endres and his wife, and called "Carrie," (at least on one census.) She was educated in Europe and trained further by her father as an engineer after her return. She assisted him with his design of the Pittsburgh area's first passenger incline, the Monongahela Incline, which launched in 1870. The next year, she helped him design the Mount Oliver Incline.
<CVS_Health>	CVS Health Corporation (previously CVS Corporation and CVS Caremark Corporation) is an American healthcare company that owns CVS Pharmacy, a retail pharmacy chain; CVS Caremark, a pharmacy benefits manager; and Aetna, a health insurance provider, among many other brands. The company's headquarters is in Woonsocket, Rhode Island.Consumer Value Stores (CVS) was founded in 1963 by three partners: brothers Stanley and Sidney Goldstein and Ralph Hoagland, who grew the venture from a parent company, Mark Steven, Inc., that helped retailers manage their health and beauty aid product lines. The business began as a chain of health and beauty aid stores, but within several years, pharmacies were added. To expand, the company joined the Melville Corporation, which managed a string of retail businesses. Following a period of growth in the 1980s and 1990s, CVS Corporation spun off from Melville in 1996, becoming a standalone company trading on the New York Stock Exchange as CVS. In December 2017, CVS agreed to acquire Aetna for $69 billion and completed the acquisition in November 2018. Legal issues related to the merger were resolved in September 2019. In February 2020, CVS Health announced changes to its board of directors, whose size was reduced from 16 to 13 directors.
<Parallel_Media_Group>	Live Company Group plc formerly known as Parallel Media Group plc, World Sport Group plc and Orchard Furniture plc, is a public company based in Surrey and formerly in London. The company is listed in the Alternative Investment Market. The company was the parent company of both World Sport Group (Jersey) Limited and Parallel Media Group International Limited from 2001 to 2002. However, the founders of World Sport Group Limited bought back WSG in 2002; while World Sport Group plc was renamed to Parallel Media Group plc. Parallel Media Group involved in sports and media agency. However, under the previous name, the listed company was founded as holding company for tea business, and then foundry in 1984, and then furniture businesses in the 1980s.The legal person of Live Company Group plc, was formerly known as Parallel Media Group plc, Orchard Furniture plc, Wyefield Group plc, Lincoln House plc, William Morris Fine Arts plc and Ceylon & Indian Planters Holdings' plc. It is a listed company in the Alternative Investment Market and formerly in the Unlisted Securities Market of the London Stock Exchange.Ceylon & Indian Planters' Holdings plc was incorporated on 23 June 1959, at that time known as Ceylon & Indian Planters' Holdings Limited. The company was established to acquire the full or part of the share capital of The Ceylon & Indian Planters' Association Limited. The Ceylon & Indian Planters' Association, established on 23 April 1897, was known as a pioneer tea company. In the 1900s, The Ceylon & Indian Planters' Association was already a public company.
<Yeung_Sum>	Yeung Sum (Chinese: 楊森; born 22 November 1947 in Guangzhou) is a Hong Kong politician and academic. He served several terms as a Legislative Councillor and was the second chairman of the Democratic Party (DP), a pro-democracy political party in Hong Kong. He is a lecturer at the University of Hong Kong.
<National_Humanities_Medal>	The National Humanities Medal is an American award that annually recognizes several individuals, groups, or institutions for work that has "deepened the nation's understanding of the humanities, broadened our citizens' engagement with the humanities, or helped preserve and expand Americans' access to important resources in the humanities."The annual Charles Frankel Prize in the Humanities was established in 1988 and succeeded by the National Humanities Medal in 1997. The token is a bronze medal designed by a 1995 Frankel Prize winner, David Macaulay.Medals are conferred annually, usually by the U.S. President, to as many as twelve living candidates and existing organizations nominated early in the calendar year. The president selects the winners in consultation with the National Endowment for the Humanities (NEH). NEH asks that nominators consult the list of previous winners and consider the National Medal of Arts to recognize contributions in "the creative or performing arts".
<Romy_Schneider>	Romy Schneider (German: [ˈʁoː.mi ˈʃnaɪ̯.dɐ] (listen); born Rosemarie Magdalena Albach; 23 September 1938 – 29 May 1982) was a German-French actress. She began her career in the German Heimatfilm genre in the early 1950s when she was 15. From 1955 to 1957, she played the central character of Empress Elisabeth of Austria in the Austrian Sissi trilogy, and later reprised the role in a more mature version in Luchino Visconti's Ludwig (1973). Schneider moved to France, where she made successful and critically acclaimed films with some of the most notable film directors of that era.Schneider was born Rosemarie Magdalena Albach in Vienna, six months after the Anschluss of Austria into Nazi Germany, to actors Magda Schneider and Wolf Albach-Retty. Her paternal grandmother, Rosa Albach-Retty, was also an actress. Schneider's mother was German while her father was Austrian.
<Golda_Meir>	Golda Meir (born Golda Mabovitch; 3 May 1898 – 8 December 1978) was an Israeli politician, teacher, and kibbutznikit who served as the fourth prime minister of Israel from 1969 to 1974. She was the first woman to become head of government in Israel.Born in Kyiv in the Russian Empire, she immigrated to Wisconsin, United States as a child with her family in 1906, and was educated there, becoming a teacher. After getting married, she and her husband emigrated to Mandatory Palestine in 1921, settling on a kibbutz. Meir was elected prime minister of Israel on 17 March 1969, after serving as labour minister and foreign minister. The world's fourth and Israel's only woman to hold the office of prime minister, and the first in any country in the Middle East, she has been described as the "Iron Lady" of Israeli politics.
<Hedda_Gabler>	Hedda Gabler (Norwegian pronunciation: [ˈhɛ̂dːɑ ˈɡɑ̀ːblər]) is a play written by Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen. The world premiere was staged on 31 January 1891 at the Residenztheater in Munich. Ibsen himself was in attendance, although he remained back-stage. The play has been canonized as a masterpiece within the genres of literary realism, nineteenth century theatre, and world drama.  Ibsen mainly wrote realistic plays until his forays into modern drama. Hedda Gabler dramatizes the experiences of the title character, Hedda, the daughter of a general, who is trapped in a marriage and a house that she does not want. Overall, the title character for Hedda Gabler is considered one of the great dramatic roles in theater. The year following its publication, the play received negative feedback and reviews. Hedda Gabler has been described as a female variation of Hamlet.Hedda's married name is Hedda Tesman; Gabler is her maiden name. On the subject of the title, Ibsen wrote: "My intention in giving it this name was to indicate that Hedda as a personality is to be regarded rather as her father's daughter than her husband's wife."Hedda, the daughter of a general, has just returned to her villa in Kristiania (now Oslo) from her honeymoon. Her husband is George Tesman, a young, aspiring, and reliable academic who continued his research during their honeymoon. It becomes clear in the course of the play that she never loved him, but married him because she thinks her years of youthful abandon are over. 
<Elche_CF>	Elche Club de Fútbol, S.A.D. (Valencian: Elx Club de Futbol, S.A.D.) is a professional football based in Elche, Province of Alicante, in the Valencian Community. Founded in 1923, the club competes in La Liga, holding home matches at Estadio Manuel Martínez Valero, with a capacity of 33,732 seats.Founded in 1923 as the result of a merger between all of the town's clubs, Elche entered the league system in 1929, reaching Segunda División in 1934 and La Liga in 1959, finishing fifth in the latter tournament in 1963–64. The club were runners-up in the Copa del Rey in 1969. Elche became the first and only club in the history of La Liga to be relegated due to unpaid tax debts in the 2014–15 season. Elche returned to La Liga in 2020–21 after being promoted to the Segunda División and then La Liga in only three seasons.
<FC_Dinamo_Tbilisi>	FC Dinamo Tbilisi (Georgian: დინამო თბილისი, pronounced [dinɑmɔ tʰbilisi]) is a Georgian professional football club based in Tbilisi, Georgia, that competes in the Erovnuli Liga, the top flight of Georgian football.Dinamo Tbilisi was one of the most prominent clubs in Soviet football and a major contender in the Soviet Top League almost immediately after it was established in 1936. The club was then part of one of the leading sport societies in the Soviet Union, the All-Union Dynamo sports society which had several other divisions besides football and was sponsored by the Soviet Ministry of Internal Affairs. Its main claim to European fame was winning the Cup Winners' Cup in 1981, beating FC Carl Zeiss Jena of East Germany 2–1 in the final in Düsseldorf. It remains the only club based in Georgia to have ever lifted a trophy in European competition. Throughout its history, FC Dinamo Tbilisi produced many famous Soviet players: Boris Paichadze, Avtandil Gogoberidze, Shota Iamanidze, Mikheil Meskhi, Slava Metreveli, Murtaz Khurtsilava, Manuchar Machaidze, David Kipiani, Vladimir Gutsaev, Aleksandre Chivadze, Vitaly Daraselia, Ramaz Shengelia, and Tengiz Sulakvelidze. After the break-up of the Soviet Union, it would later produce some of the finest Georgian players such as Temur Ketsbaia, Shota Arveladze, Giorgi Kinkladze, Kakha Kaladze, and Levan Kobiashvili.
<John_Brack>	John Brack (10 May 1920 – 11 February 1999) was an Australian painter, and a member of the Antipodeans group. According to one critic, Brack's early works captured the idiosyncrasies of their time "more powerfully and succinctly than any Australian artist before or since. Brack forged the iconography of a decade on canvas as sharply as Barry Humphries did on stage."During World War 2 (1940-1946) VX107527 Lieutenant John Brack served with the Field Artillery. Brack was Art Master at Melbourne Grammar School (1952–1962). His art first achieved prominence in the 1950s. He also joined the Antipodeans Group in the 1950s which protested against abstract expressionism. He was appointed Head of National Gallery of Victoria Art School (1962–1968), where he was an influence on many artists and the creation of the expanded school attached to the new gallery building.
<Robert_Broom>	Robert Broom FRS FRSE (30 November 1866 –  6 April 1951) was a British- South African doctor and palaeontologist. He qualified as a medical practitioner in 1895 and received his DSc in 1905 from the University of Glasgow.From 1903 to 1910, he was professor of zoology and geology at Victoria College, Stellenbosch, South Africa, and subsequently he became keeper of vertebrate palaeontology at the South African Museum, Cape Town.
<Cross_FM>	Cross FM (クロスエフエム, kurosu efu emu) (formerly FM Kyūshū (エフエム九州, efu emu kyūshū)) is a commercial radio station operating in the Fukuoka Prefecture of Japan. It is an affiliate of the Japan FM League.source:Source:
<Debra_Winger>	Debra Lynn Winger (born May 16, 1955) is an American actress. She starred in the films An Officer and a Gentleman (1982), Terms of Endearment (1983), and Shadowlands (1993), each of which earned her a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress. Winger won the National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Actress for Terms of Endearment, and the Tokyo International Film Festival Award for Best Actress for A Dangerous Woman (1993). Her other film roles include Urban Cowboy (1980), Legal Eagles (1986), Black Widow (1987), Betrayed (1988), The Sheltering Sky (1990), Forget Paris (1995), and Rachel Getting Married (2008). In 2012, she made her Broadway debut in the original production of David Mamet's play The Anarchist. In 2014, she received the Lifetime Achievement Award at the Transilvania International Film Festival.Winger starred as a series regular in the Netflix original television series The Ranch (2016–2020).Winger was born in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, into an Orthodox Jewish family, to Robert Winger, a meat packer, and Ruth (née Felder), an office manager. Over the years, she told many interviewers that she volunteered on an Israeli kibbutz, sometimes even saying she had trained with the Israel Defense Forces, but in a 2008 interview she said she was merely on a typical youth tour that visited the kibbutz. At age 18, after returning to the U.S., she was involved in a car accident and suffered a cerebral hemorrhage; as a result, she was left partially paralyzed and blind for 10 months, initially being told that she would never see again. With time on her hands to think about her life, she decided that, if she recovered, she would move to California and become an actress.
<University_of_Notre_Dame>	The University of Notre Dame du Lac, known simply as Notre Dame (/ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM) or ND, is a private Catholic research university in Notre Dame, Indiana, outside the city of South Bend. French priest Edward Sorin founded the school in 1842. The main campus covers 1,261 acres (510 ha) in a suburban setting and contains landmarks such as the Golden Dome, the Word of Life mural (commonly known as Touchdown Jesus), Notre Dame Stadium, and the Basilica. Originally for men, although some women earned degrees in 1918, the university began formally accepting undergraduate female students in 1972.Notre Dame has been recognized as one of the top universities in the United States. The university is organized into seven schools and colleges. Notre Dame's graduate program includes more than 50 master, doctoral and professional degrees offered by the six schools, including the Notre Dame Law School and an MD–PhD program offered in combination with the Indiana University School of Medicine. The School of Architecture is known for teaching New Classical Architecture and for awarding the annual Driehaus Architecture Prize. The university offers more than 50 year-long study programs abroad and over 15 summer programs.
<Digital_Domain>	Digital Domain is an American visual effects and digital production company based in Playa Vista, Los Angeles, California. The company is known for creating digital imagery for feature films, advertising and games from its locations in California and Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, including its own virtual production studio.The company was founded by film director James Cameron, Stan Winston and Scott Ross. They began producing visual effects in 1993 with its first three films, True Lies, Interview with the Vampire, and Color of Night, being released in 1994.Digital Domain produced effects for more than 100 films, including Dante's Peak, Titanic, Apollo 13, What Dreams May Come, The Fifth Element, Armageddon, Star Trek: Nemesis and The Day After Tomorrow. Other films include Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen, G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra, 2012, Percy Jackson & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief, TRON: Legacy, Thor, X-Men: First Class, Transformers: Dark of the Moon, Real Steel, G.I. Joe: Retaliation, Oblivion, Iron Man 3, Her, X-Men: Days of Future Past, Into the Storm, Maleficent, Furious 7, Pixels and most recently Deadpool, The Huntsman: Winter's War, X-Men: Apocalypse, Suicide Squad, Beauty and the Beast, Spider-Man: Homecoming, Avengers: Infinity War, Aquaman, Captain Marvel, Shazam, Avengers: Endgame, Terminator: Dark Fate and Sonic the Hedgehog.
<Nicholas_Georgescu-Roegen>	Organizations:Nicholas Georgescu-Roegen (born Nicolae Georgescu, 4 February 1906 – 30 October 1994) was a Romanian mathematician, statistician and economist. He is best known today for his 1971 The Entropy Law and the Economic Process, in which he argued that all natural resources are irreversibly degraded when put to use in economic activity. A progenitor and a paradigm founder in economics, Georgescu-Roegen's work was decisive for the establishing of ecological economics as an independent academic sub-discipline in economics.Several economists have hailed Georgescu-Roegen as a man who lived well ahead of his time, and some historians of economic thought have proclaimed the ingenuity of his work. In spite of such appreciation, Georgescu-Roegen was never awarded the Nobel Prize in Economics, although benefactors from his native Romania were lobbying for it on his behalf. After Georgescu-Roegen's death, his work was praised by a surviving friend of the highest rank: Prominent Keynesian economist and Nobel Prize laureate Paul Samuelson professed that he would be delighted if the fame Georgescu-Roegen did not fully realise in his own lifetime were granted by posterity instead.
<Sheila_Gish>	Sheila Gish (born Sheila Anne Syme Gash; 23 April 1942 – 9 March 2005) was an English actress. For her role in the 1995 London revival of the Stephen Sondheim musical Company, she won the Olivier Award for Best Supporting Performance in a Musical.Her film appearances included an A Day in the Death of Joe Egg (1972), Quartet (1981), Highlander (1986) and Mansfield Park (1999) On television, she starred in the 1969 BBC series The First Churchills, the 1992 TV miniseries of Danielle Steel's Jewels and the short-lived ITV sitcom Brighton Belles (1993–94).
<21st_Century_Fox>	Coordinates: 40°45′31″N 73°58′56″W﻿ / ﻿40.7585°N 73.9823°W﻿ / 40.7585; -73.9823Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc., doing business as 21st Century Fox (21CF), was an American multinational mass media corporation that was based in Midtown Manhattan, New York City. It was one of the two companies formed on June 28, 2013, following a spin-off of the publishing assets of the old News Corporation as News Corp.21st Century Fox was the legal successor to News Corporation dealing primarily in the film and television industries. It was the United States' fourth-largest media conglomerate until its acquisition by The Walt Disney Company in 2019. The other company, News Corp, holds Murdoch's print interests and other media assets in Australia (both owned by him and his family via a family trust with 39% interest in each). Murdoch was co-executive chairman, while his sons Lachlan Murdoch and James Murdoch were co-executive chairman and CEO, respectively.
<Gordon_Schachat>	Gordon Schachat (born 25 January 1952) is a South African businessman and art collector.In 1973 Schachat met his first wife at university, the former Sunday Times columnist Jani Allan and married her in Mauritius in 1982. The marriage ended in 1984, with Allan blaming the collapse on her "obsession" with her burgeoning media career. In 1992 Schachat supported Allan's testimony in the libel suit she brought against the British broadcaster Channel 4. He later remarried and had three children with his wife Pamela. In 2015 Allan wrote about the marriage in her best-selling memoir, Jani Confidential and credited Schachat's belief in her as a factor in her ascension in South African media. Allan detailed the collapse of the marriage: "Gordon had to live through the weekly angst about the column. It was like re-inventing the wheel every week. My validity as a partner hinged – or so I thought – on my success as a columnist. The column was the all-consuming Moloch. When it had been put to bed, there was nothing left of me."
<Blind_Dates>	Blind Dates (Georgian: Brma Paemnebi) is a 2013 Georgian drama film directed by Levan Koguashvili. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival. It also won the Best Feature Film award at the 2014 Zagreb Film Festival.
<Oslo>	Oslo (/ˈɒzloʊ/ OZ-loh, US also /ˈɒsloʊ/ OSS-loh, Norwegian: [ˈʊ̂ʂlʊ ] (listen) or [ˈʊ̂slʊ, ˈʊ̀ʂlʊ]; Southern Sami: Oslove) is the capital and most populous city of Norway. It constitutes both a county and a municipality. The municipality of Oslo had a population of 702,543 in 2022, while the city's greater urban area had a population of 1,019,513 in 2019, and the metropolitan area had an estimated population of 1,546,706 in 2021.During the Viking Age the area was part of Viken. Oslo was founded as a city at the end of the Viking Age in 1040 under the name Ánslo, and established as a kaupstad or trading place in 1048 by Harald Hardrada. The city was elevated to a bishopric in 1070 and a capital under Haakon V of Norway around 1300. Personal unions with Denmark from 1397 to 1523 and again from 1536 to 1814 reduced its influence. After being destroyed by a fire in 1624, during the reign of King Christian IV, a new city was built closer to Akershus Fortress and named Christiania in honour of the king. It became a municipality (formannskapsdistrikt) on 1 January 1838. The city functioned as the capital of Norway during the 1814–1905 union between Sweden and Norway. From 1877, the city's name was spelled Kristiania in government usage, a spelling that was adopted by the municipal authorities in 1897. In 1925, the city, after incorporating the village retaining its former name, was renamed Oslo. In 1948 Oslo merged with Aker, a municipality which surrounded the capital and which was 27 times larger, thus creating the modern, much larger Oslo municipality.
<Son_Jun-ho_(actor)>	Son Jun-ho (born March 28, 1983) is a South Korean singer and actor, best known in musical theatre. A classically-trained baritone, he made his debut in the 2009–2010 production of The Phantom of the Opera.Having majored in voice at Yonsei University, Son opted against a career in classical music and opera. At that time it was relatively unheard of for voice majors to immediately switch to musical theater and Son later stated that he had shocked his professors upon telling them that he had auditioned for a musical, although they did give him their full support. In 2009 he was double-cast in his first musical and was initially understudy to Hong Kwang-ho, playing Raoul in The Phantom of the Opera.Son gained wider recognition when he was cast as Aramis in the critically-acclaimed 2013 production of The Three Musketeers. The production received positive reviews and attracted foreign fans, leading to producers bringing it to Japan. For several years, Son limited his participation in musicals to devote more time to his young son and mostly performed in concerts or on Open Concert and Immortal Songs: Singing the Legend with his wife. In 2019 he garnered critical acclaim for his portrayal of Merlin in the South Korean premiere of Xcalibur and would return in the same role for its second run two years later.
<Franklin_Medal>	The Franklin Medal was a science award presented from 1915 until 1997 by the Franklin Institute located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, U.S. It was founded in 1914 by Samuel Insull.The Franklin Medal was the most prestigious of the various awards presented by the Franklin Institute. Together with other historical awards, it was merged into the Benjamin Franklin Medal, initiated in 1998.Recipients are listed in a database on The Franklin Institute website.
<Julia_Blake>	Julia Blake (born 1936) is an English-born Australian actress of theatre, television and film. She is known for her small screen role as Nancy McCormack on the Australian drama series Prisoner (Prisoner: Cell Block H), for which she appeared during the final season in 1986. She appeared in two earlier roles in the series, as Evelyn Randall (1981) and Alice Dodds (1983).She won the 1989 AFI (AACTA) Award for Best Actress in a Miniseries for Eden's Lost, and the 1990 AFI (AACTA) Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role opposite Max von Sydow in the film Father. She also received AFI nominations for Travelling North (1987), Innocence (2000) and The Boys are Back (2009).
<Horringford_railway_station>	Horringford railway station was an intermediate station situated on the edge of Horringford village on the line from Newport to Sandown incorporated by the Isle of Wight (Newport Junction) Railway in 1868.The station was opened in 1875 and closed 81 years later in 1956. In its early years it was busy on market days when farmers took their cattle to Newport market, and in later years it carried the local sugar beet trade. The station survives as a private house.
<Michael_S._Longuet-Higgins>	Michael Selwyn Longuet-Higgins FRS (8 December 1925 – 26 February 2016) was a mathematician and oceanographer at the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics (DAMTP), Cambridge University, England and Institute for Nonlinear Science, University of California, San Diego, USA. He was the younger brother of H. Christopher Longuet-Higgins.Longuet-Higgins introduced the theory of the origin of microseisms and is the inventor of "rhombo blocks", a mathematical toy consisting of blocks whose faces are rhombuses.
<Stacy_Haiduk>	Stacy Haiduk (born April 24, 1968) is an American actress. Her best-known roles include Lana Lang on Superboy, Katherine Hitchcock on seaQuest DSV, Hannah Nichols on All My Children, as Patty Williams and Emily Peterson on The Young and the Restless, and as Kristen DiMera and Susan Banks on Days of Our Lives.Haiduk first achieved national fame when she was cast in the role of Lana Lang in the live-action Superboy TV series of 1988. After the series ended, she appeared in the direct to video Luther the Geek for Troma Entertainment. After Superboy Haiduk portrayed Rhea McPherson, an aspiring FBI agent, in the short-lived Spelling series The Round Table.Haiduk's next significant role was on seaQuest DSV, in which she played Lt. Cmdr. Katherine Hitchcock, the chief engineer, and third in command of the high-tech submarine.
<El_fantasma_del_convento>	El fantasma del convento (lit. The Ghost of the Convent; American release title: The Phantom of the Convent) is a 1934 Mexican horror film directed by Fernando de Fuentes, who also co-wrote and edited the film.Cristina (Marta Roel), the wife of Eduardo (Carlos Villatoro), tries to seduce their friend, Alfonso (Enrique del Campo).  One night, they lose their way and are guided by a mysterious stranger to an eerie monastery.Over a meal, the old Father Superior (Paco Martinez) tells them the story of a monk who seduced a friend's wife:  when he died, the monk could not find peace in death and returned to his cursed cell.  Alfonso, about to give in to Cristina's advances, finds the fateful cell and enters it.  The sinful monk's mummified corpse gestures towards a book dripping with blood.
<CD_Logroñés>	Club Deportivo Logroñés, S.A.D. was a Spanish football team based in Logroño, in the autonomous community of La Rioja. Founded in 1940, it last played in Regional Preferente de La Rioja.Due to financial problems, since 2009 the club has not played in any competition. The club, who appeared in nine La Liga seasons, was replaced by UD Logroñés and SD Logroñés.
<Harold_Seddon>	Sir Harold Seddon (6 March 1881 – 25 February 1958) was an Australian politician who served as a member of the Legislative Council of Western Australia from 1922 to 1954. He was President of the Legislative Council from 1946 to 1954.Seddon was born in Openshaw, Lancashire, England, to Elizabeth Ann (née Davy) and William Seddon. His nephew, Harold Wilson, served twice as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. After studying electrical engineering at the Manchester Technical Institute, Seddon worked for a period in the electrical department of the Great Central Railway. He emigrated to Australia in 1901, finding employment on the Eastern Goldfields as an electrical engineer with Western Australian Government Railways. Seddon became prominent in the Amalgamated Engineering Union, and also served on the Southern Cross Municipal Council.
<National_Taiwan_University>	National Taiwan University (NTU; Chinese: 國立臺灣大學; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Kok-li̍p Tâi-oân Tāi-ha̍k) is a public research university in Taipei, Taiwan.The university was founded in 1928 during Japanese rule as the seventh of the Imperial Universities. It was named Taihoku Imperial University and served during the period of Japanese colonization. After World War II, the Nationalist Kuomintang (KMT) government assumed the administration of the university. The Ministry of Education reorganized and renamed the university to its current name on November 15, 1945, with its roots of liberal tradition from Peking University in Beijing by former NTU President Fu Ssu-nien. The university consists of 11 colleges, 56 departments, 133 graduate institutes, about 60 research centers, and a school of professional education and continuing studies.
<Advent_Lutheran_Church_(New_York_City)>	Advent Lutheran Church is a church affiliated with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America located in the Upper West Side, Manhattan, New York City. The church building was designed by the architectural firm of William Appleton Potter (1842–1909).The church is a double-height brick and stone structure over a basement. It has  a pitched slate roof, and is notable in having all of its stained glass in the nave and clerestory designed by Louis Comfort Tiffany and manufactured by his Tiffany Studios, which was also responsible for the ceramic mosaic behind the altar, the sanctuary lamps, the pews, and the painted decorative organ frontal pipes in the front of the sanctuary. The nave and clerestory windows, which feature St. Paul preaching at Athens and Christ returning in glory with angels, breaking swords beneath them and ushering in a reign of peace.The Tiffany windows restoration campaign, titled "Shining God's Light - the Tiffany Windows Project", has been ongoing since 2007, raising funds for a one-million-dollar complete restoration of all the Tiffany windows.
<Günter_Grass>	Günter Wilhelm Grass (born Graß; German: [ˈɡʏntɐ ˈɡʁas] (listen); 16 October 1927 – 13 April 2015) was a German novelist, poet, playwright, illustrator, graphic artist, sculptor, and recipient of the 1999 Nobel Prize in Literature.He was born in the Free City of Danzig (now Gdańsk, Poland). As a teenager, he served as a drafted soldier from late 1944 in the Waffen-SS and was taken as a prisoner of war by US forces at the end of the war in May 1945. He was released in April 1946. Trained as a stonemason and sculptor, Grass began writing in the 1950s. In his fiction, he frequently returned to the Danzig of his childhood.
<Ford_Taurus_(fourth_generation)>	The fourth-generation Ford Taurus is an automobile that was produced by Ford for the 2000 to 2007 model years.  While mechanically similar to its 1996-1999 predecessor, major revisions to the bodyshell of the sedan were done to alter its controversial styling as well as add interior room; it was available in four-door sedan and five-door station wagon models.The fourth-generation Taurus would be the final derived from the original 1986 model line.  In 2004 and 2005, as part of its effort to increase the use of globally sourced platforms, Ford introduced the Volvo-developed Five Hundred and Mazda-developed Fusion to fill the slot of the Taurus in the Ford line (for non-fleet buyers, the Five Hundred also served as a replacement for the Crown Victoria).The Taurus nameplate returned in 2008, as Ford renamed the Five Hundred to increase its sales.
<Vålerenga_Line>	The Vålerenga Line (Norwegian: Vålerengalinjen), also known as Helsfyr Line and Etterstad Line, is an abandoned line of the Oslo Tramway of Norway. It branched from the Gamlebyen Line in Schweigaards gate and ran into the neighborhoods of Vålerenga, Etterstad and Helsfyr. The line followed the streets of Schweigaards gate, St. Halvars gate, Enebakkveien, one direction each in Vålerenggata and Strømsveien, and Etterstadgata. The line continued as a suburban light rail as the Østensjø Line and the Lambertseter Line.The line was established by Kristiania Sporveisselskab (KSS) on 3 May 1900. In 1923 the first part of the Østensjø Line, owned by Akersbanerne, opened, as did KSS's Vålerenga Depot was opened. Ownership of the line passed to Oslo Sporveier in 1924. Two years later the Østensjø Line open, but not until 1937, when Bærumsbanen took over operations, was there provided a through service. The Østensjø Line became part of the Oslo Metro in 1966. With the reduction in traffic, the Vålerenga Line was closed on 23 June 1968, as part of a citywide gradual closure of the tramway.The Vålerenga Line was a branch of the Gamlebyen Line, which served the neighborhoods of Vålerenga, Helsfyr and Etterstad. The Vålerenga Line branched from the Gamlebyen Line in Schewigaards gate and continued along it before following St. Halvars gate, Enebakkveien, Vålerenggata and finally Etterstadgata. From 1923 part of the tracks were rearranged, so that the upward tracks (bound northeast) went through Vålerengagata, while the downward bound tracks placed in Strømsveien. The line was also extended over the Gjøvik Line. The line originally had its terminus in Etterstadgata, but from 1926 it was placed at Grensen, on the municipal border. From there the line continued as the Østensjø Line as a suburban light rail.
<Frank_Moorhouse>	Frank Thomas Moorhouse AM (21 December 1938 – 26 June 2022) was an Australian writer. He won major Australian national prizes for the short story, the novel, the essay, and for script writing. His work has been published in the United Kingdom, France, and the United States and also translated into German, Spanish, Chinese, Japanese, Serbian, and Swedish.Moorhouse is best known for having won the 2001 Miles Franklin Literary Award for his novel, Dark Palace; which together with Grand Days and Cold Light, form the "Edith Trilogy" – a fictional account of the League of Nations, which trace the strange, convoluted life of a young woman who enters the world of diplomacy in the 1920s through to her involvement in the newly formed International Atomic Energy Agency after World War II.
<The_Minds_of_Billy_Milligan>	The Minds of Billy Milligan is a non-fiction novel portraying Billy Milligan, the first person in U.S. history acquitted of a major crime by pleading dissociative identity disorder. The novel was originally published in 1981, written by Hugo Award-winning author Daniel Keyes, who received a bachelor's degree in psychology from Brooklyn College in 1950.The sequel, entitled The Milligan Wars, was later published in Japan in 1994. According to the author, its release in the United States is tied to the release of the upcoming film adaptation entitled The Crowded Room.
<Brooklyn>	Brooklyn (/ˈbrʊklɪn/) is a borough of New York City, coextensive with Kings County, in the U.S. state of New York. Kings County is the most populous county in the State of New York, and the second-most densely populated county in the United States, behind New York County (Manhattan). Brooklyn is also New York City's most populous borough, with 2,736,074 residents in 2020.Named after the Dutch village of Breukelen, Brooklyn is located on the western portion of Long Island and shares a border with the borough of Queens. It has several bridge and tunnel connections to the borough of Manhattan, across the East River, and is connected to Staten Island by way of the Verrazzano-Narrows Bridge. With a land area of 70.82 square miles (183.4 km2) and a water area of 26 square miles (67 km2), Kings County is the state of New York's fourth-smallest county by land area and third-smallest by total area.
<Fernando_Lopes_Alcântara>	Fernando Lopes Alcântara (Chinese: 費蘭度 Fernando; born March 28, 1987 in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil), also known as Fernando Lopes, is a Brazilian-born Hong Kong professional footballer who currently plays as a central back or a defensive midfielder for Hong Kong Premier League club Rangers (HKG). He is also currently the assistant coach of the club.Fernando Lopes has two elder brothers, Fábio Lopes and Fabrício Alcântara who are both professional footballers and have both played in Hong Kong.Fernando Lopes began his professional career away from his home nation in Hong Kong with South China in the Hong Kong First Division League in 2009. In his short spell at the club, he helped his side win the 2008–09 Hong Kong First Division League and win the runners-up place in the 2009 Hong Kong Community Shield.
<A_Common_Story>	The Same Old Story (Russian: Обыкнове́нная исто́рия, romanized: Obyknovennaya istorya) is the first novel by Ivan Goncharov, written between 1844 and 1846 and published in 1847. It has also been published in English under the titles A Common Story and An Ordinary Story.In April 1846 the 34-year-old Ivan Goncharov asked Nikolay Yazykov to read his debut novel and inquired whether it might be passed along to St. Petersburg literary critic Vissarion Belinsky for a final verdict. Yazykov flicked through several pages, got bored, put the manuscript aside and forgot all about it. Several months later he recalled the incident and gave the book to Nikolay Nekrasov, with a comment: "Looks like a weak one, not worthy of publication." Nekrasov looked through the novel, thought differently and carried it to Belinsky who instantly recognized the emergence of a major talent. The premiere reading of the book took place at Belinsky's flat. According to Ivan Panaev, while listening to Goncharov's recital, the critic fidgeted on his chair, jumping up from time to time, eyes shining, and each time the author took a short break, he gave an ironic cry: "So, Yazykov, is it a 'weak one', is it 'unworthy'?"
<Take_Me_Out_(play)>	Take Me Out is a play by American playwright Richard Greenberg. After a staging at the Donmar Warehouse in London, it premiered Off-Broadway on September 5, 2002 at the Joseph Papp Public Theater. It made its Broadway debut on February 27, 2003 at the Walter Kerr Theatre, where it ran for 355 performances and won the 2003 Tony Award for Best Play. A Broadway revival opened at the Hayes Theater on April 4, 2022.While Glenn Burke was out to teammates and team owners in the 1970s and Billy Bean came out in 1999 after retiring from playing in Major League Baseball for eight seasons, at the time of the writing of this play no Major League Baseball player had ever come out to the public during his career. This play is the dramatic exploration of what such an event might be like.Playwright Greenberg has stated that one of the compulsions for creating a baseball play was his complete immersion into the sport in 1999 after following the New York Yankees' (then-)record 114-win season the previous year, beginning with David Wells' perfect game. Many believe the inspiration for Lemming is former American Major League Baseball player Derek Jeter of the Yankees, and for racist pitcher Shane Mungitt, former National League pitcher John Rocker, then of the Atlanta Braves.
<John_Martin_&_Co.>	John Martin & Co. Ltd, colloquially known as John Martin's or simply Johnnies, was an Adelaide-based company which ran a popular chain of department stores in South Australia. It operated for more than 130 years, from 1866 until its closure in 1998. Johnnies, owned by the prominent Hayward family for the majority of its existence, became an Adelaide icon, responsible for the famous Adelaide Christmas Pageant.John Martin's had its origin in a single draper's shop "Peters and Martin" founded on Rundle Street by Otto Peters and John Martin on 24 October 1866. Peters withdrew from the partnership after a few years and opened his own store in Palmerston (now Darwin, Northern Territory). He later died in the wreck of the Gothenburg. The partners had taken over two adjoining shops to the east, and in 1875 Martin took over two more, and by 1880 a further two had been purchased, giving the store a frontage of 120 feet (37 m). The principals of the company were then John Martin,  E. W. Hayward  and Richard Martin, with a staff numbering 500. On 22 August 1889 the business was restructured as a limited liability company. John Martin died at his residence on 25 November 1889, of excess and debauchery said the Kalgoorlie Sun.
<Peter_G._Levine>	Peter G. Levine (December 22, 1960 - January 8, 2022) was an American medical researcher, science educator, and authority on stroke recovery. He published articles in peer-reviewed journals on brain plasticity as it relates to stroke, with emphasis on modified constraint induced therapy, cortical reorganization, telerehabilitation, electrical stimulation, electromyography-triggered stimulation, mental practice, cortical plasticity, acquired brain injury, spasticity, sensation recovery, evidence-based practice, outcome measures, and others. His articles have been widely cited by the medical community. His 2013 book Stronger After Stroke is regarded as an authoritative guide for patients and therapists dealing with stroke and it has received numerous positive reviews,[excessive citations] and has been translated into Indonesian, Japanese, and Korean. His seminars throughout the United States were described by one reviewer as "funny, entertaining, engaging, dynamic, well organized, passionate and lighthearted." Levine was a trainer of stroke-specific outcome measures for The Ohio State University; B.R.A.I.N. Lab. He was a researcher and co-director at the Neuromotor Recovery and Rehabilitation Laboratory at the University of Cincinnati College of Medicine. Before that, he was a researcher at the Human Performance & Motion Analysis Laboratory, which is the research arm of the Kessler Institute for Rehabilitation.Levine's father, Martin Levine, was an IBM-trained systems analyst. The Levine family moved constantly. Peter attended 14 different schools K-12, including Lanikai Elementary in Honolulu, Hawaii, the Overseas School of Rome, and during high school, the Community School, in Tehran. In early 1979, the family was included in the mass evacuation of Americans from Tehran using U.S. C141A military transports from Mehrabad Airport. After graduating from George Mason University, Levine moved to Austin, Texas in 1987 and joined the grunge band Flowerhead shortly thereafter.Levine lived in Cincinnati, Ohio with his Finnish-born wife, Aila Mella, a physical therapist. They had two children together.
<Miquel_Robusté>	Miquel Robusté Colomer (born 20 May 1985) is a Spanish footballer who plays for UE Vilassar de Mar as a central defender.Born in Vilassar de Mar, Barcelona, Catalonia, Robusté a started his career at the second biggest club in Barcelona, RCD Espanyol. He played for both  Juvenil teams during 2003–04 and was a regular of the reserves in his three-season spell, with 21 Segunda División B appearances in his second year, suffering relegation.Robusté was loaned to Polideportivo Ejido of the Segunda División for the 2006–07 campaign, and played 30 official games for the Andalusia side. In the summer of 2007 he was released by Espanyol with only one competitive appearance to his credit – one minute in the 2–0 away win against Cádiz CF in the quarter-finals of the Copa del Rey– and joined Levante UD of La Liga.
<880_West_Broadway>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Alice_(Moby_song)>	"Alice" is a song by the American electronica musician Moby. It was released as the second single from his eighth studio album, Last Night, on 10 March 2008. It features guest vocals from the British MC Aynzli Jones and members of the Nigerian group 419 Squad.The music video was directed by Andreas Nilsson and is a collage of footage interspersed with Jones' head performing the song, along with clips of explosions and scientific experiments, and scenes of violence and discrimination from classic B-movies; one such scene is from the film Blood Tide which has James Earl Jones punching a watermelon in time to the music.
<Don_Diamont>	Don Bruce Diamont (born Donald Feinberg; December 31, 1962) is an American actor. His best known roles include Brad Carlton on The Young and the Restless and Bill Spencer Jr. on The Bold and the Beautiful. In 1990, Diamont was chosen as one of the 50 most beautiful people in the world by People Magazine, becoming the first daytime actor to receive the honor.After several years as a successful model, Diamont's first major acting role was as Carlo Forenza on Days of Our Lives. He joined the cast in 1984 after being hired by Ken Corday, and was with the show for a year.Diamont is best known for his portrayal of opportunistic businessman Brad Carlton on The Young and the Restless. He initially joined the show in 1985 and left the cast in 1996, but returned in 1998, remaining on the show until his character was killed off in early 2009.
<50/50_(2011_film)>	50/50 is a 2011 American comedy-drama film directed by Jonathan Levine, written by Will Reiser, and starring Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Seth Rogen, Anna Kendrick, Bryce Dallas Howard, and Anjelica Huston. The film is loosely inspired by Reiser's own experience with cancer, with Rogen's character Kyle based on Rogen himself. It was filmed from February to March 2010. 50/50 was released on September 30, 2011, and grossed $41 million. It received critical acclaim, with particular praise for Gordon-Levitt's performance and Reiser's screenplay.Mild-mannered Adam Lerner is a 27-year-old public radio journalist in Seattle. His best friend Kyle, who is rather crude, disapproves of his girlfriend Rachael, an artist. After experiencing severe pains in his back, Adam is diagnosed with schwannoma neurofibrosarcoma, a cancerous tumor in his spine, and must undergo chemotherapy. He sees on the Internet that the survival rate for his diagnosis is 50/50. After Adam reveals this, his emotional mother, Diane, who nurses her Alzheimer's-stricken husband Richard, offers to care for him, but Adam declines as Rachael has already promised to do so.At one of his treatments, Adam meets Mitch and Alan, two older cancer patients also undergoing chemo, and they become friends, bonding through cannabis-laced macaroons. Rachael is uncomfortable during his treatments and is often late picking him up. She also gets him a retired racing greyhound named Skeletor as a pet. Throughout Adam's struggle, Kyle attempts to keep up his morale, helping Adam shave his head and using his friend's illness to pick up women. While on a date, Kyle sees Rachael kissing another man at a gallery and later forces her to confess her infidelity to Adam, who breaks up with her. He follows Kyle's suggestion, and they use his illness to pick up two women at a bar.
<Darko_Bodul>	Darko Bodul (Croatian pronunciation: [dǎːrko bôːdul]; born 11 January 1989) is an Austrian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Bosnian Premier League club Igman Konjic. He began his career in the Netherlands, where he played for AFC Ajax and for Sparta Rotterdam on loan. He has also played for Nacional in Portugal, Odense Boldklub in Denmark, two Austrian clubs (Sturm Graz and Rheindorf Altach), and Dundee United in Scotland.Born in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bodul is a Bosnian Croat and represented Croatia at under-19 and under-21 level. He has subsequently given up his Croatian citizenship and expressed an interest in representing Austria.
<Trudi_Roth>	Trudi Roth (2 April 1930 – 11 June 2016) was a Swiss stage and film actress who starred in Swiss German language cinema and television and stage productions.Born in Basel, Switzerland, Roth lived in the municipality of Zürich. Her first stage experiences date back to her childhood as she had a small role at the Stadttheater Basel in 1939. She attended the Konservatorium under Ernst Ginsberg in Basel, followed by performances beginning in 1947 with the cabaret-doodle-doo, KiKeriKi with César Keiser and Cabaret Cornichon respectively Cabaret Fédéral. Later she starred in comedies and musicals, and Trudi Roth acted for the radio in radio plays and for the Swiss television.
<David_Boreanaz>	David Boreanaz (/bɔːriˈɑːnəs/) is an American actor, television producer, and director known for playing the roles of vampire-turned-private investigator Angel on The WB/UPN Buffy the Vampire Slayer supernatural drama (1997–2003) and its spinoff Angel (1999–2004); FBI Special Agent Seeley Booth, a homicide investigator, on the Fox television crime procedural comedy-drama series Bones (2005–2017); and United States Navy SEAL  Master Chief Special Warfare Operator Jason Hayes in the CBS/Paramount+ military drama series SEAL Team (2017–present).Boreanaz was born in Buffalo, New York, where his father, Dave Roberts (born David Thomas Boreanaz), was working as a weather forecaster and children's show (Rocketship 7) host as Dave Thomas, for ABC affiliate WKBW-TV. His mother, Patti Boreanaz, was a travel agent. He has two older siblings, Bo and Beth. He is of Italian and Slovenian descent on his father's side (the surname Boreanaz is of Slovenian origin). His mother is of half Slovak and part Irish, German, French, and Swiss descent.
<Herbert_Hays>	Herbert Hays (20 September 1869 – 16 February 1960) was an Australian politician.Hays was born near Forth in Tasmania, and was educated at Don State School before becoming a farmer. He was chairman of the Don Road Trust and senior warden of the Mersey Marine Board. He also held office as a Freemason in their Grand Lodge of Tasmania and was a long-time member of the Independent Order of Rechabites.
<Tucson,_Arizona>	Tucson (/ˈtuːsɒn, tuːˈsɒn/; Spanish: Tucson, O'odham: Cuk-Ṣon) is a city in and the county seat of Pima County, Arizona, United States, and is home to the University of Arizona. It is the second largest city in Arizona behind Phoenix, with a population of 542,629 in the 2020 United States census, while the population of the entire Tucson metropolitan statistical area (MSA) is 1,043,433. The Tucson MSA forms part of the larger Tucson-Nogales combined statistical area (CSA). Both Tucson and Phoenix anchor the Arizona Sun Corridor. The city is 108 miles (174 km) southeast of Phoenix and 60 mi (97 km) north of the U.S.–Mexico border. Tucson is the 34th largest city and the 53rd largest metropolitan area in the United States (2014).
<Murat_Salar>	Hikmet Murat Salar (born 23 November 1976) is a Turkish former professional footballer and currently manager of SV Arminia Hannover.Salar, born to an Egyptian mother and Turkish father in Germany, played a total of 49 Süper Lig games throughout his footballing career in Turkey. Despite having won 4 caps for the Turkish U-18 team in 1994, Salar later expressed an interest in playing for the Egyptian national side.
<Shauna_Cross>	Shauna Cross is an American screenwriter, novelist and former roller derby athlete. She skated for the Los Angeles Derby Dolls under the pseudonym "Maggie Mayhem", and subsequently wrote the 2007 novel Derby Girl, a fictionalized version of her experiences in the TXRD Lonestar Rollergirls league. In 2009, she wrote a film adaption of the novel, Whip It, which was directed by Drew Barrymore and released in 2009. She was named one of Variety's 10 Screenwriters to Watch in 2008.Cross grew up in Austin, Texas with her two brothers and younger sister.After graduating from the University of Texas film school in Austin, Cross worked on a few local film productions before deciding to move to Los Angeles in 2001 to try to break into the screenwriting industry. She supported herself in Los Angeles by working odd jobs optioning screenplays "here and there".
<Paul_Harding_(author)>	Paul Harding (born 1967) is an American musician and author, best known for his debut novel Tinkers (2009), which won the 2010 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the 2010 PEN/Robert W. Bingham Prize among other honors. Harding was the drummer in the band Cold Water Flat throughout its existence from 1990 to 1996.Paul Harding grew up on the north shore of Boston in the town of Wenham, Massachusetts. As a youth he spent a lot of time "knocking about in the woods," which he attributes to his love of nature. His grandfather fixed clocks and he apprenticed under him, an experience that found its way into his novel Tinkers.  Harding has a B.A. in English from the University of Massachusetts Amherst and an MFA from the Iowa Writers' Workshop and has taught writing at Harvard University and the University of Iowa.After graduating from the University of Massachusetts, he spent time touring with his band Cold Water Flat in the US and Europe. He had always been a heavy reader and recalls reading Carlos Fuentes' Terra Nostra and thinking "this is what I want to do". In that book Harding "saw the entire world, all of history". When he next had time off from touring with the band he signed up for a summer writing class at Skidmore College in New York. His teacher was Marilynne Robinson and through her he learned about the Iowa Writers' Workshop writing program. There he studied with Barry Unsworth, Elizabeth McCracken and later Robinson. At some point[when?] he realized some of the people he admired most were "profoundly religious" and so he spent years reading theology, and was "deeply" influenced by Karl Barth and John Calvin. He considers himself a "self-taught modern New England transcendentalist".
<James_C._Auchincloss>	James Coats Auchincloss (January 19, 1885 – October 2, 1976) was an American businessman and Republican Party politician who represented northern coastal region of New Jersey in the United States House of Representatives from 1943–1965. His district consisted of Monmouth County, Ocean County, and the part of Middlesex County south of the Raritan River.Auchincloss was born in Manhattan, New York City on January 19, 1885.  He was one of eight children, seven sons and one daughter, born to Edgar Stirling Auchincloss (1847–1892) and Maria LeGrange (née Sloan) Auchincloss (1847–1929), who married in 1872.Among his uncles were Hugh Dudley Auchincloss (father of Hugh D. Auchincloss, Jr.) and John Winthrop Auchincloss (grandfather of Louis Auchincloss). His maternal aunt Sarah Auchincloss (d. 1887) married Sir James Coats, 1st Baronet of the Scottish thread-manufacturing family (and his namesake), and they were the parents of Sir Stuart Coats, 2nd Baronet and British Member of Parliament.  His maternal grandparents were Mary (née Elmendorf) Sloan and New York State Senator Samuel Sloan, who served as president of the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad for 26 years.
<Bindu_Bhatt>	Bindu Bhat is a Gujarati language novelist, storywriter, critic and translator from Gujarat, India. Her novel Akhepatar (1999) received the Sahitya Akademi Award for the year 2003. Her other significant works include Mira Yagnikni Dayari (1992) and Bandhani (2009).Bindu Bhatt was born on 18 September 1954 in Jodhpur, Rajasthan to Giradharlal and Kamalabahen. Her family later migrated to Limbadi and then Ahmedabad. After completing her schooling from B.A. Kanya Vidyalay, Limbadi, she got her Bachelor of Arts in 1976 from H.K. Arts College, Ahmedabad and Master of Arts in 1978 from School of Language, Gujarat University with Hindi literature as one of her subjects. She obtained her Ph.D. degree under Bholabhai Patel from the same university in 1983 for her research work Aadhunik Hindi Upanyas: Kathya Aur Shilp Ke Naye Aayam (Modern Hindi Novel: New Facets of Fiction and Form). In 1991, she married Harshad Trivedi, a Gujarati author and poet.
<Franco_Frattini>	Franco Frattini (born 14 March 1957) is an Italian politician and magistrate. Since January 2022, Frattini is currently serving as president of the Council of State.Frattini previously served as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2002 to 2004 and from 2008 to 2011 in the governments of Silvio Berlusconi and Minister of Public Function from 1995 to 1996 and from 2001 to 2002, in the government of Lamberto Dini and Silvio Berlusconi. From 2004 to 2008, he was also the European Commissioner for Justice, Freedom and Security in the first Barroso Commission. 
<František_Janeček>	František Janeček was the founder of Jawa motorcycles and an important figure in the development of the Czech motorcycle industry. He died on 4 June 1941.Janeček was born on 23 January 1878 in Klášter nad Dědinou, a small village in Bohemia in the present-day Czech Republic. He went to Prague to study mechanics at the Prague Technical School and then moved to Germany to the Berlin College of Engineering.Upon graduation he returned to Prague and began working for the Jewish industrialist Emil Kolben at the Kolben company. He did well and when he was only 23 he was appointed manager of the new factory opened by Kolben in the Netherlands, where he met his future wife. He was hit by a car when riding his bicycle to work. The daughter of the driver gave him first aid, and they became friends and later married.
<Eddie_Laughton>	Eddie Laughton (20 June 1903 – 21 March 1952) was an American film actor. Laughton appeared in more than 200 films between 1935 and 1952, and is best known for his work with The Three Stooges.Laughton's family immigrated to the United States in 1909 and settled in Detroit. He started in vaudeville and managed a vaudeville theatre where Larry Fine, later of the Stooges trio, once played.The pencil-mustached Laughton was placed under contract by Columbia Pictures in 1935, almost certainly thanks to Fine. Laughton worked at Columbia almost exclusively for 10 years, in features, westerns, short subjects, and serials throughout the 1930s and 1940s. Modern viewers will remember Laughton for his role as "Percy Pomeroy, convict 41144" in the Stooge comedies So Long Mr. Chumps and Beer Barrel Polecats, or as the happy drunk in Loco Boy Makes Good. Laughton was an excellent utility player, useful in good-guy and bad-guy roles alike. (He and fellow Columbia stock player John Tyrrell shared many scenes.) Laughton was also a convincing dialect comedian, playing a French nobleman in Buster Keaton's She's Oil Mine, and an English big-game hunter plastered with pies in the Stooges' In the Sweet Pie and Pie.
<Maharashtra>	Maharashtra (/məhɑːˈrɑːʃtrə/; Marathi: [məharaːʂʈɾə] (listen), abbr. MH or Maha) is a state in the western peninsular region of India occupying a substantial portion of the Deccan Plateau. Maharashtra is the second-most populous state in India and the second-most populous country subdivision globally. It was formed on 1 May 1960 by splitting the bilingual Bombay State, which had existed since 1956, into majority Marathi-speaking Maharashtra and Gujarati-speaking Gujarat. Maharashtra is home to the Marathi people, the predominant ethno-linguistic group, who speak the Marathi language, the official language of the state. The state is divided into 6 divisions and 36 districts, with the state capital being Mumbai, the most populous urban area in India, and Nagpur serving as the winter capital, which also hosts the winter session of the state legislature. Godavari and Krishna are the two major rivers in the state. Forests cover 16.47 per cent of the state's geographical area. Out of the total cultivable land in the state, about 60 per cent is used for grain crops in the Deccan region, rice in coastal Konkan, and other high rainfall areas.Spread over 307,713 km2 (118,809 sq mi), Maharashtra is the third-largest state by area in India. It is bordered by the Arabian Sea to the west, the Indian states of Karnataka and Goa to the south, Telangana to the southeast and Chhattisgarh to the east, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh to the north, and the Indian union territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu to the northwest. The state has three international airports, Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport (Mumbai), Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport (Nagpur), and Pune Airport. The state is home to three railways headquarters viz. Central Railway (Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Terminus), Konkan Railway (CBD Belapur), and Western Railway (Churchgate). The High Court of the state viz. Bombay High Court is located in Mumbai. The state contributes 48 seats and 19 seats to the lower house Lok Sabha and the upper house Rajya Sabha, respectively. Maharashtra has been subject to President's rule three times since its formation for a total of 156 days for different reasons. More than three-fourths of the population practice Hinduism, which is followed by Islam and Buddhism. The state is home to four UNESCO World Heritage Sites: Ajanta, Ellora and Elephanta caves, and the Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Terminus (formerly Victoria Terminus).
<Swordsman_(TV_series)>	Swordsman is a 2013 Chinese television series adapted from Louis Cha's novel The Smiling, Proud Wanderer. The series is written and produced by Yu Zheng, and stars Wallace Huo, Joe Chen, Yuan Shanshan, Chen Xiao and Yang Rong. Shooting started on 24 March 2015 in Xiandu, Jinyun County, Lishui, Zhejiang. It was first aired in China on Hunan Television from 6 February to 4 March 2013. The plot deviates significantly from the novel, with Dongfang Bubai depicted as a woman (instead of a castrated man) and having a romantic affair with Linghu Chong.In the series, Shaolin Monastery (or Shaolin Sect) is renamed to "Lingjiu Monastery" (靈鷲寺; literally "Divine Eagle Monastery"). The change is believed to be because the producers wanted to avoid trademark infringement, since Shaolin Monastery has officially registered "Shaolin" as a trademark and has been involved in lawsuits with commercial companies over the use of "Shaolin" as a brand name or trademark.Prior to its original broadcast, Swordsman received popular attention for its teen idol cast in comparison with older adaptations of The Smiling, Proud Wanderer, and for major amendments made to the original story. Particular attention was shed on Joe Chen's casting as Dongfang Bubai, a minor antagonist in the novel whose role was substantially rewritten in this series to portray him/her as one of two female protagonists alongside Yuan Shanshan's character, Ren Yingying.
<Stephen_G._Wheatland>	Stephen Goodhue Wheatland (August 11, 1824 – March 2, 1892) was a Massachusetts lawyer and politician who served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives, as a member, and President of the Common Council; and the Mayor of Salem, Massachusetts.Wheatland attended Harvard where he was a member and librarian of the Porcellian Club, and a member of the Hasty Pudding Club.
<Bergine>	Gilt is an online shopping and lifestyle website based in the United States, launched in 2007. On January 7, 2016, The company was sold to Hudson's Bay Company for approximately $250 million. Prior to the Hudson’s Bay acquisition, sales were exceeding growth projections but the firm had not been profitable yet. On June 4, 2018, Boston, Massachusetts-based Rue La La acquired Gilt from HBC.Gilt Groupe is based in New York City with warehouses in Brooklyn, New York, Las Vegas, Nevada, and Shepherdsville, Kentucky.The company was co-founded by Kevin P. Ryan, Alexis Maybank, and Alexandra Wilson; who modeled Gilt after Vente-Privee, an online fashion retailer in France. The original  business plan consisted of  "flash sales," selling a limited number of luxury designer items at steep discounts for brief periods.
<Madras_Presidency>	The Madras Presidency, or the Presidency of Fort St. George, also known as Madras Province, was an administrative subdivision (presidency) of British India. At its greatest extent, the presidency included most of southern India, including the whole of the Indian states of Tamil Nadu, Andhra state and some parts of Kerala, Karnataka, Odisha and the union territory of Lakshadweep. The city of Madras was the winter capital of the Presidency and Ootacamund or Ooty, the summer capital. The coastal regions and northern part of Island of Ceylon at that time was a part of Madras Presidency from 1793 to 1798 when it was created a Crown colony. Madras Presidency was neighboured by the Kingdom of Mysore on the northwest, Kingdom of Cochin on the southwest, and the Kingdom of Hyderabad on the north. Some parts of the presidency were also flanked by Bombay Presidency (Konkan) and Central Provinces and Berar (Madhya Pradesh).In 1639, the English East India Company purchased the village of Madraspatnam and one year later it established the Agency of Fort St George, precursor of the Madras Presidency, although there had been Company factories at Machilipatnam and Armagon since the very early 1600s. The agency was upgraded to a Presidency in 1652 before once more reverting to its previous status in 1655. In 1684, it was re-elevated to a Presidency and Elihu Yale was appointed as president. In 1785, under the provisions of Pitt's India Act, Madras became one of three provinces established by the East India Company. Thereafter, the head of the area was styled "Governor" rather than "President" and became subordinate to the Governor-General in Calcutta, a title that would persist until 1947. Judicial, legislative and executive powers rested with the Governor who was assisted by a Council whose constitution was modified by reforms enacted in 1861, 1909, 1919 and 1935. Regular elections were conducted in Madras up to the outbreak of the Second World War in 1939. By 1908, the province comprised twenty-two districts, each under a District Collector, and it was further sub-divided into taluks and firqas with villages making up the smallest unit of administration.
<Mary_Ellis>	Mary Ellis (born May Belle Elsas, June 15, 1897 – January 30, 2003) was an American actress and singer appearing on stage, radio, television and film, best known for her musical theatre roles, particularly in Ivor Novello works. After appearing with the Metropolitan Opera beginning in 1918, she acted on Broadway, creating the title role in Rose-Marie. In 1930, she emigrated to England, where she gained additional fame and continued to perform into the 1990s. She also became known for film roles, including in The 3 Worlds of Gulliver in 1960.Ellis was born in Manhattan, New York City, to German parents, Herman Elsas and Caroline Elsas (née Reinhardt), who was a pianist. She first became interested in performing around 1910, and under a vocational course trained her lyric soprano under the tutelage of Belgian contralto Freida de Goebele and Italian operatic coach Fernando.Tanara. She made her debut with the Metropolitan Opera on December 14, 1918, in the world premiere of Puccini's Il trittico, creating the role of Genovieffa in Suor Angelica, the second of the evening's three one-act operas. Later in the run, she also played Lauretta in the third opera of the triptych, Gianni Schicchi. She also appeared in the premiere of L'oiseau bleu by Albert Wolff, singing Mytyl, in 1919. While in the Metropolitan company she sang Giannetta in L'elisir d'amore to Enrico Caruso's Nemorino and Fyodor in Boris Godunov to Feodor Chaliapin's Boris.
<Katrin_Cartlidge>	Katrin Juliet Cartlidge (15 May 1961 – 7 September 2002) was an English actress. She first appeared on screen as Lucy Collins in the Channel 4 soap opera Brookside (1982–1983), before going on to win the 1997 Evening Standard Film Award for Best Actress for the Mike Leigh film Career Girls. Her other film appearances included Leigh's Naked (1993), Before the Rain (1994), Breaking the Waves (1996) and From Hell (2001).Cartlidge was born in London, to Derek, an English father and Bobbi, a German-Jewish refugee mother. She was educated at the Parliament Hill School for Girls in Camden.
<Graeme_Base>	Graeme Rowland Base (born 6 April 1958) is a British-Australian author and artist of picture books. He is perhaps best known for his second book, Animalia published in 1986, and third book The Eleventh Hour which was released in 1989.He was born in Amersham, England, but moved to Australia with his family at the age of eight and has lived there ever since. He attended Box Hill High School and Melbourne High School in Melbourne, and then studied a Diploma of Art (Graphic Design) for three years at Swinburne University of Technology at Prahran.
<Valencia_CF_Mestalla>	Valencia Club de Fútbol Mestalla, shortened to Valencia Mestalla, is the reserve team of Valencia CF, a Spanish football club based in Valencia, in the namesake community. Founded in 1944, and currently plays in Segunda Federación – Group 3, holding home games at Ciudad Deportiva de Paterna, with a 4,000-seat capacity.Unlike in England, reserve teams in Spain play in the same football pyramid as their senior team rather than a separate league. However, reserve teams cannot play in the same division as their senior team. Therefore, the team is ineligible for promotion to La Liga, the division in which the main side plays. Reserve teams are also no longer permitted to enter the Copa del Rey.Founded in 1944 as Club Deportivo Mestalla, the club spent 21 seasons in the Segunda División in the period between 1947 and 1973, including a best ever finish of second place in the southern section in 1951–52; they went on to finish top of the promotion play-off group, but were ineligible for promotion to La Liga as the reserve team of Valencia CF, who were already playing in that division.
<Mid-Canada_Communications>	Mid-Canada Communications was a Canadian media company, which operated from 1980 to 1990. The company, a division of Northern Cable, had television and radio holdings in Northeastern Ontario.Mid-Canada Television, or MCTV, was created in 1980 when Cambrian Broadcasting, which owned the CTV affiliates in Sudbury, North Bay and Timmins, merged with J. Conrad Lavigne's CBC affiliates in the same cities.This twinstick structure was permitted by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission because both companies were on the brink of bankruptcy due to their aggressive competition for limited advertising dollars in small markets. Notably, the companies' holdings included two parallel microwave transmission systems, both of which were among the largest such systems in the world at the time, and which were technically redundant since one system can in fact carry multiple channels.
<Pentemont_Abbey>	Pentemont Abbey (French: Abbaye de Penthemont, Pentemont, Panthemont or Pantemont) is a set of 18th and 19th century buildings at the corner of Rue de Grenelle and Rue de Bellechasse in the 7th arrondissement of Paris.  The abbey was a Cistercian convent founded near Beauvais in 1217 and moved to its current site in Paris in 1672 at the behest of Louis XIV. A reconstruction of the abbey was initiated in 1745 by the Abbess Marie-Catherine Béthisy de Mézières and work was completed in 1783.  In the late 18th century the abbey was one of the most prestigious educational institutions in Paris for daughters of the elite, including two of Thomas Jefferson's. The abbey also provided rooms for ladies of good standing who were in search of rest, including Joséphine de Beauharnais when the case of her separation from her first husband was heard.The abbey was disestablished during the French Revolution and the buildings were turned over to military use, first as the home of the National Guard, then the Imperial Guard, and later the Cent-gardes.  It continues to be occupied by the Ministère de la Défense with the exception of the former chapel, which since 1844 has been a Protestant church, the Temple de Pentemont. In August 2014 the Ministry of Defence, facing budget cuts due to austerity policies, sold the buildings to a real estate investment trust, Foncière des 6ème et 7ème Arrondissements de Paris, with plans to move all ministry offices out of the abbey by the end of October, 2016.
<Gene_V._Glass>	Gene V Glass (born June 19, 1940) is an American statistician and researcher working in educational psychology and the social sciences. According to the science writer Morton Hunt, he coined the term "meta-analysis" and illustrated its first use in his presidential address to the American Educational Research Association in San Francisco in April, 1976. The most extensive illustration of the technique was to the literature on psychotherapy outcome studies, published in 1980 by Johns Hopkins University Press under the title Benefits of Psychotherapy by Mary Lee Smith, Gene V Glass, and Thomas I. Miller.  Gene V Glass is a Regents' Professor Emeritus at Arizona State University in both the educational leadership and policy studies and psychology in education divisions, having retired in 2010 from the Mary Lou Fulton Institute and Graduate School of Education. Currently he is a senior researcher at the National Education Policy Center, a Research Professor in the School of Education at the University of Colorado Boulder, and a Lecturer in the Connie L. Lurie College of Education at San Jose State University. In 2003, he was elected to membership in the National Academy of Education. Glass was born in Lincoln, Nebraska and educated in the Lincoln Public School system, graduating from Lincoln, Northeast High School in 1958. He attended Nebraska Wesleyan University from 1958 to 1960 and the University of Nebraska-Lincoln from 1960 to January, 1962, earning a bachelor's degree with a joint major in mathematics and German. He worked as a research assistant for Robert E. Stake at UNL from spring 1961 until graduation. At Stake's suggestion, he chose to immediately enroll in graduate school. He entered the PhD program in statistics, measurement and experimental design at the University of Wisconsin, Madison in February 1962. He graduated with a PhD in Educational Psychology in May, 1965, having studied with Julian C. Stanley, Chester W. Harris, and Henry F. Kaiser. His doctoral dissertation, entitled Alpha Factor Analysis of Infallible Variables, won the Creative Talent award in Psychometrics given by the American Institutes for Research for 1966. In August 1965, he joined Stake and other colleagues as an assistant professor in the Center for Instructional Research and Curriculum Evaluation at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign, where he taught for two years before moving to the University of Colorado Boulder. He was promoted to professor at CU-Boulder in 1970. In 1986, Glass joined the faculty of the Arizona State University in Tempe, Arizona, from which he retired in 2010. He holds the title of Regents' Professor Emeritus from Arizona State University. In 2011, he joined the faculty of the School of Education at the University of Colorado Boulder  as a research professor. He has served as a senior researcher in the  National Education Policy Center since 2010. From 2015 to 2019, he served as a Lecturer in the Connie L. Curie College of Education at San José State University. In 1970, he published his first book, Statistical Methods in Education and Psychology, with his adviser Julian C. Stanley as co-author. The book, which was started in 1964 while Glass was still a graduate student, went through three editions,  the most recent  having been published in 1996 with Kenneth D. Hopkins as co-author. In all, as of 2010 his professional résumé lists some 23 books and more than 250 articles, reviews and reports.
<John_N._Mather>	John Norman Mather (June 9, 1942 – January 28, 2017) was a mathematician at Princeton University known for his work on singularity theory and  Hamiltonian dynamics. He was descended from Atherton Mather (1663–1734), a cousin of Cotton Mather.  His early work dealt with the stability of smooth mappings between smooth manifolds of dimensions n (for the source manifold N) and p (for the target manifold P). He determined the precise dimensions (n,p) for which smooth mappings are stable with respect to smooth equivalence by diffeomorphisms of the source and target (i.e., infinitely differentiable coordinate changes).Mather also proved the conjecture of the French topologist René Thom that under topological equivalence smooth mappings are generically stable: the subset of the space of smooth mappings between two smooth manifolds consisting of the topologically stable mappings is a dense subset in the smooth Whitney topology. His notes on the topic of topological stability are still a standard reference on the topic of topologically stratified spaces.In the 1970s, Mather switched to the field of dynamical systems. He made the following main contributions to dynamical systems that deeply influenced the field.
<Harlem_Yu>	Harlem Yu (traditional Chinese: 庾澄慶; simplified Chinese: 庾澄庆; pinyin: Yǔ Chéngqìng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Jú Têng-khèng; born 28 July 1961) is a Taiwanese singer-songwriter, television host and businessman. He is particularly well-known for singing the theme song, Qing Fei De Yi, for the 2001 television drama, Meteor Garden. He made a cameo in both that version and the 2018 remake, Meteor Garden performing Qing Fei De Yi (情非得已). He has been hosting television shows in Taiwan since 1994 and in China since 2011, and served as a coach for three seasons of The Voice of China and three seasons of Sing! China.Best known for being one of the first artists in the Mandopop music industry to experiment with R&B and rap, he has released more than 15 studio albums since 1986.[citation needed]
<Ketti_Frings>	Ketti Frings (28 February 1909 – 11 February 1981) was an American writer, playwright, and screenwriter who won a Pulitzer Prize in 1958.Born Katherine Hartley in Columbus, Ohio, Frings attended Principia College, began her career as a copywriter, and went on to work as a feature writer for United Press International.In 1941 her novel Hold Back the Dawn was adapted for the screen. The resulting movie was directed by Mitchell Leisen and starred Olivia de Havilland and Charles Boyer. She wrote her first Broadway play, Mr. Sycamore, in 1942. The play featured Lillian Gish and Stuart Erwin in the lead roles.
<Chhe_To_Chhe>	Chhe To Chhe (Gujarati: છે તો છે) is an anthology written by Bhavesh Bhatt containing Ghazals in Gujarati language. It was first published in May 2008. The book was followed by Bhavesh's another book Bhitarno Shankhanaad in 2014The title of the book translates to "Because It Is So". The book consists of forty-eight ghazals. The preface of the book was written by Indu Puwar and Chinu Modi.Bhavesh Bhatt received the Shayda Award, and the Ravji Patel Award in 2014 for Chhe To Chhe and his other work, Bhitarno Shankhanaad. The title ghazal, printed on the seventh page, "Chhidra valu vahan chhe to chhe", and the first ghazal, "Chinta karvani me chhodi" (Gujarati: ચિંતા કરવાની મેં છોડી / English: I quit worrying) are popular recitation selections at  many mushairas.
<Brynäs_IF>	Brynäs IF is a Swedish ice hockey team from Gävle. The club currently plays in the Swedish Hockey League (SHL), the top tier of ice hockey in Sweden. The club has played in the top-tier league since 1960, longer than any other team.Brynäs IF was formed by Nils Norin, Ferdinand Blomkvist, and Thure Ternström on 12 May 1912 and began to play ice hockey in 1939. The club has also competed in association football, athletics, bandy, swimming, and water polo.[citation needed] The team has played in the hockey league's top flight since 1960 and has won the Swedish championship 13 times, most recently in 2012.
<Mega_Man>	Mega Man, known as Rockman in Japan, is a Japanese science fiction video game franchise created by Capcom, starring a series of robot characters each known by the moniker "Mega Man". The original game was released for the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1987, and spawned a franchise that expanded to over 50 games on multiple systems.  As of July 26, 2022, the series has sold 38 million units worldwide.The classic series consists of eleven games, the standalone Mega Man & Bass, the spin-off Game Boy series (released in Japan as Rockman World), and various ports, remakes, and compilations. The core games in the franchise have all been set in a single continuity; the storyline of the "classic" series is succeeded by the Mega Man X,  Mega Man Zero, Mega Man ZX, and the Mega Man Legends series. This timeline excludes the spin-off Mega Man Battle Network and Mega Man Star Force series, both of which take place in an alternate universe where the internet flourished rather than robotics.
<42nd_Street_(musical)>	42nd Street is a 1980 stage musical with a book by Michael Stewart and Mark Bramble, lyrics by Al Dubin and Johnny Mercer and music by Harry Warren. The 1980 Broadway production won the Tony Awards for Best Musical and Best Choreography and it became a long-running hit. The show was also produced in London in 1984 (winning the Olivier Award for Best Musical) and its 2001 Broadway revival won the Tony Award for Best Revival.Based on the 1932 novel by Bradford Ropes and the subsequent 1933 Hollywood film adaptation, the backstage musical show that follows the rehearsal process of a broadway show being put on during the height of the Great Depression.
<Conrail>	Conrail (reporting mark CR), formally the Consolidated Rail Corporation, was the primary Class I railroad in the Northeastern United States between 1976 and 1999. The trade name Conrail is a portmanteau based on the company's legal name. It continues to do business as an asset management and network services provider in three Shared Assets Areas that were excluded from the division of its operations during its acquisition by CSX Corporation and the Norfolk Southern Railway.The federal government created Conrail to take over the potentially-profitable lines of multiple bankrupt carriers, including the Penn Central Transportation Company and Erie Lackawanna Railway. After railroad regulations were lifted by the 4R Act and the Staggers Act, Conrail began to turn a profit in the 1980s and was privatized in 1987. The two remaining Class I railroads in the East, CSX Transportation and the Norfolk Southern Railway (NS), agreed in 1997 to acquire the system and split it into two roughly-equal parts (alongside three residual shared-assets areas), returning rail freight competition to the Northeast by essentially undoing the 1968 merger of the Pennsylvania Railroad and New York Central Railroad that created Penn Central. Following approval by the Surface Transportation Board, CSX and NS took control in August 1998, and on June 1, 1999, began operating their respective portions of Conrail.
<Gus_Trikonis>	Gus Trikonis (born November 21, 1937) is an American actor, dancer, and director.Trikonis began his career as an actor and dancer, notably appearing in the hugely successful 1961 film West Side Story as Indio, one of the "Sharks", as well as dancing with Debbie Reynolds and Grover Dale to the frantic "He's My Friend" in 1964's  The Unsinkable Molly Brown. Although originally unbilled, on December 3, 1968, Trikonis got his second biggest exposure in front of any audience (the first being in the aforementioned West Side Story, seen at US theatres by about 61 million moviegoers) as one of two main (out of five) male dancers who do Elvis Presley's choreography as he sings a Gospel medley as part of a widely watched NBC-TV Special entitled "Elvis".As a director, Trikonis handled several projects from the late 1960s to the early 1980s, mostly low-budget "exploitation films". He made several films for Roger Corman at New World Pictures; Corman called Trikonis one of the best young directors he had ever worked with.
<University_of_Pittsburgh>	The University of Pittsburgh (Pitt) is a public state-related research university in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The university is composed of 17 undergraduate and graduate schools and colleges at its urban Pittsburgh campus, home to the university's central administration and around 28,000 undergraduate and graduate students. The 132-acre Pittsburgh campus includes various historic buildings that are part of the Schenley Farms Historic District, most notably its 42-story Gothic revival centerpiece, the Cathedral of Learning. Pitt is a member of the Association of American Universities and is classified among "R1: Doctoral Universities – Very high research activity". It is the second-largest non-government employer in the Pittsburgh metropolitan area.Pitt traces its roots to the Pittsburgh Academy founded by Hugh Henry Brackenridge in 1787. While the city was still on the edge of the American frontier at the time, Pittsburgh's rapid growth meant that a proper university was soon needed, and Pitt's charter was altered in 1819 to confer university status on it as the Western University of Pennsylvania. After surviving two devastating fires and several relocations, the university moved to its current location in Pittsburgh's Oakland neighborhood, and by act of the state legislature was renamed the University of Pittsburgh in 1908. Pitt was a private institution until 1966, when it became part of the Commonwealth System of Higher Education.
<Helene_Thimig>	Helene Ottilie Thimig (5 June 1889 – 7 November 1974) was an Austrian stage and film actress.Helene Thimig was the daughter of actor Hugo Thimig and the sister of actors Hermann and Hans Thimig.
<Oveta_Culp_Hobby>	Oveta Culp Hobby (January 19, 1905 – August 16, 1995) was an American politician and businessperson who served as the first United States secretary of health, education, and welfare from 1953 to 1955. A member of the Republican Party, Hobby was the second woman ever to serve in a presidential cabinet. She also served as the first director of the Women's Army Corps from 1942 to 1945, and was sequentially editor, publisher and chair of the board of the Houston Post. She entered public service when President Dwight D. Eisenhower appointed her administrator of the Federal Security Agency, soon after reorganized as a federal executive department, known then as Department of Health, Education, and Welfare; and Hobby became its first head.Culp was born on January 19, 1905, in Killeen, Texas, to Texas lawyer and legislator Isaac William Culp and Emma Elizabeth Hoover. She briefly attended Mary Hardin Baylor College for Women, and attended law classes at South Texas College of Law and Commerce, but did not graduate from either school. She went on to study law at the University of Texas Law School, but she did not formally enroll and therefore never received a degree.  Starting at age 21, she served for several years as parliamentarian of the Texas House of Representatives and was an unsuccessful candidate for the legislature in 1930, before beginning a journalism career in 1931, at age 26.
<Rehman_Sobhan>	Rehman Sobhan (Bengali: রেহমান সোবহান; born 12 March 1935) is a Bangladeshi economist. Regarded as one of the country's top public thinkers, he is the founder of the Centre for Policy Dialogue. Sobhan is an icon of the Bangladeshi independence movement due to his role as a spokesman of the Provisional Government of Bangladesh in the United States during the Bangladesh Liberation War. He was awarded the Independence Day Award, Bangladesh's highest civilian honour, in 2008.Sobhan's father, Khondker Fazle Sobhan, was a graduate of Presidency College, Kolkata and one of the first Muslims to qualify to attend Royal Military Academy Sandhurst. Later he rose to become a ranked officer in the Indian Police Service. Sobhan's mother, Hashmat Ara Begum, was a niece of Sir Khawaja Nazimuddin, the Governor General of Pakistan during 1948–51 and Prime Minister of Pakistan during 1951–53. Sobhan went to St. Paul's School, Darjeeling at the age of seven and completed his Senior Cambridge examination in 1950. He then attended Aitchison College in Lahore for two years. He went on to Cambridge University to earn his bachelor's degree. His cohorts at Cambridge included notable economists like Amartya Sen, Manmohan Singh and Mahbub ul Haq. In late 1966, Sobhan went to the LSE for his graduate studies but returned, without completing his degree,  to Dhaka in March 1969 after the fall of the Ayub regime.
<Digiturk>	Digiturk is a Turkish satellite television provider founded in 1999, with services starting in mid-2000. They provide both national television channels and their own channels, national radio, and music streams of different genres. Digiturk is also the current owner of the broadcasting rights of Turkish Super League. In addition to Turkey, Digiturk offers its television service throughout Europe, mainly for members of the Turkish diaspora. Reportedly, they have over 3.5 million subscribers worldwide. Digiturk's service is provided from Eutelsat 7A, positioned some 35 degrees west of the more traditionally used Türksat, and is encrypted via Cryptoworks and Irdeto conditional access systems.Digiturk channels include national channels, news channels, film and series channels, sports channels, children channels, music channels, documentary channels, entertainment and lifestyle channels and other international channels.The Qatar-based beIN Media Group acquired Digiturk on 13 July 2015.On 13 January 2017, Digiturk rebranded its in-house channels (DiziMax, MovieMax and Lig TV) under the beIN brand (beIN Series, beIN Movies and beIN Sports).1More than 400,000 television service subscribers.
<Hunter_Tylo>	Hunter Tylo (born Deborah Jo Hunter; July 3, 1962) is an American actress, author and former model. She is best known for her role as Taylor Hayes (1990–2002, 2004–14, 2018–19) on The Bold and the Beautiful.Tylo was born Deborah Jo Hunter in Fort Worth, Texas, the daughter of Jo Anne and Morris Jabez Hunter. She is of Cherokee descent on her mother's side.[citation needed] She has an older brother Jay, who died on August 29, 2018, and a younger brother named Cliff. Tylo has been credited as Deborah Morehart; Morehart was the last name of her first husband.
<George_Weston_Limited>	George Weston Limited, often referred to as Weston or Weston's, is a Canadian food processing and distribution company. Founded by George Weston in 1882, the company today consists of Weston Foods, a wholly owned subsidiary, and Loblaw Companies Limited, Canada's largest supermarket retailer, in which it maintains a controlling interest. Retail brands include President's Choice, No Name and Joe Fresh, in addition to bakery brands Wonder, Country Harvest, D'Italiano, Ready Bake and Gadoua. The company is controlled by the Weston family, which owns a majority share in George Weston Limited.In 1882, Toronto bread salesman George Weston, who got his start at the age of 12 as a baker's apprentice, went into business for himself when he bought a bread route from his employer, G.H. Bowen. Two years later, Weston bought out Bowen's Sullivan Street bakery and began baking and delivering his own bread. His first employee was Charles Upshall, another young baker, and the two worked long hours baking and delivering bread.Weston's business prospered, particularly with the development of his "Real Home Made Bread," made from a combination of Manitoba No. 1 Hard Wheat and Ontario Fall wheat.  His bakery underwent at least four expansions. At a time when many bakers were reluctant to adopt new technology, believing it adversely affected the taste and quality of their bread,  Weston began introducing modern equipment to automate the baking process.  "He has not spared expense getting in the latest designs of machinery to mix his dough," proclaimed one newspaper ad.  Eventually, he renamed his bakery on Sullivan Street the "G. Weston’s Bread Factory."
<Split,_Croatia>	Split (/ˈsplɪt/; Croatian pronunciation: [splît] (listen); historically known as Spalato (from Venetian and  Italian: pronounced [ˈspalato]); see other names) is the second-largest city of  Croatia, the largest city in Dalmatia and the largest city on the Croatian coast. It lies on the eastern shore of the Adriatic Sea and is spread over a central peninsula and its surroundings. An intraregional transport hub and popular tourist destination, the city is linked to the Adriatic islands and the Apennine Peninsula.The city was founded as the Greek colony of Aspálathos (Greek: Aσπάλαθος) in the 3rd or 2nd century BC on the coast of the Illyrian Dalmatae, and in 305 AD, it became the site of the Palace of the Roman emperor Diocletian. It became a prominent settlement around 650 when it succeeded the ancient capital of the Roman province of Dalmatia, Salona. After the sack of Salona by the Avars and Slavs, the fortified Palace of Diocletian was settled by Roman refugees. Split became a Byzantine city. Later it drifted into the sphere of the Republic of Venice and the Kingdom of Croatia, with the Byzantines retaining nominal suzerainty. For much of the High and Late Middle Ages, Split enjoyed autonomy as a free city of the Dalmatian city-states, caught in the middle of a struggle between Venice and Croatia for control over the Dalmatian cities.
<Michael_Donald_Brown>	Michael Donald "Mike" Brown (born August 5, 1953) is the junior United States shadow senator from the District of Columbia since 2007.As a shadow senator, Brown receives no pay from the government, receives no budget from the government, and cannot vote on matters before the Senate. While he does not have an office in the United States Capitol or any of the Senate's office buildings, the District's government provides the position with an office in the John A. Wilson Building. Brown lobbies the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives on behalf of the citizens of the District in their attempt to gain full representation in Congress, self-determination, and eventually admittance to the Union as a state. As shadow senator, Brown also works with the District's delegate, mayor, and council to advance the interest of local residents on federal issues. Brown was a member of the Democratic Party, until he changed his party registration to independent in 2014. He re-joined the Democratic Party in 2017.Brown is known colloquially as "white Mike" to distinguish him from Michael A. Brown, another Washington, D.C. politician who shares the same name. Brown's opponent in one race suggested that some Washingtonians might be voting for Michael D. Brown thinking they were voting for Michael A. Brown; Michael D. Brown strenuously denied this possibility.
<Molson_Coors_Brewing_Company>	The Molson Coors Beverage Company is an American-Canadian multinational drink and brewing company incorporated under Delaware General Corporation Law and headquartered in  Golden, Colorado and Montreal, Quebec.Molson Coors was formed in 2005 through the merger of Molson of Canada, and Coors of the United States.In 2016, Molson Coors acquired the full global brand portfolio of Miller Brewing Company for approximately US$12 billion. The agreement made Molson Coors the world's third largest brewer at the time.
<Cindy_Adams>	Cynthia "Cindy" Adams (née Heller) is an American gossip columnist and writer. She is the widow of comedian/humorist Joey Adams.Adams was an only child raised by her mother after her parents divorced.
<Naval_Postgraduate_School>	The Naval Postgraduate School (NPS) is a public graduate school operated by the United States Navy and located in Monterey, California.It offers master’s and doctoral degrees in more than 70 fields of study to the U.S. Armed Forces, DOD civilians and international partners. Established in 1909, the school also offers research fellowship opportunities at the postdoctoral level through the National Academies' National Research Council research associateship program.
<Mila_18>	Mila 18 is a novel by Leon Uris set in German-occupied Warsaw, Poland, before and during World War II. Mila 18 debuted at #7 on The New York Times Best Seller List (the second-highest debut of any Uris novel ever, bested only by the #6 debut of Trinity in 1976) and peaked at #2 in August 1961. Leon Uris's work, based on real events, covers the Nazi occupation of Poland and the atrocities of systematically dehumanising and eliminating the Jewish people of Poland. The name "Mila 18" is taken from the headquarters bunker of Jewish resistance fighters underneath the building at ulica Miła 18 (18 Mila Street, in English, 18 Pleasant Street). (See Miła 18.)The term ghetto takes on a clearer meaning as the courageous Jewish leaders fight a losing battle against not only the Nazis and their henchmen, but also profiteers and collaborators among themselves. Eventually, as the ghetto is reduced to rubble, a few courageous individuals with few weapons and no outside help assume command of ghetto defence, form a makeshift army and make a stand.As in many other books by Uris, the story is largely told from the standpoint of a newspaperman; in this case, an American-Italian journalist, Christopher de Monti, who is assigned to Warsaw after covering the Spanish civil war. Although meant to be a dispassionate and neutral observer, he meets and becomes intimate with both the Nazi hierarchy and the Jews of Warsaw. He has a passionate affair with the wife of one of the Jewish community leaders, while also dealing with prostitutes provided by the Nazis.
<Lil_Wayne>	Dwayne Michael Carter Jr. (born September 27, 1982), known professionally as Lil Wayne, is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, and record executive. His career began in 1995, at the age of 12, when he was signed by rapper Birdman, joining Cash Money Records as the youngest member of the label. From then on, Wayne was the flagship artist of Cash Money Records before ending his association with the company in June 2018. Regarded as one of the most influential hip hop artists of his generation by XXL, he has often been cited as one of the greatest rappers of all time.In 1995, Wayne was put in a duo with label-mate B.G. (at the time known as Lil Doogie) and they recorded an album, True Story, released that year, although Wayne (at the time known as Baby D) only appeared on three tracks. Wayne and B.G. soon joined the southern hip hop group Hot Boys, with Cash Money label-mates Juvenile and Turk in 1997; they released their debut album Get It How U Live! in October that year. The Hot Boys became popular following the release of the album Guerrilla Warfare (1999) and the song "Bling Bling".[citation needed]
<Gil_Vicente_F.C.>	Gil Vicente Futebol Clube (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈʒiɫ viˈsẽt(ɨ)]), commonly known as Gil Vicente, founded in 1924, is a Portuguese football club that plays in Barcelos. It competes in the Primeira Liga, the top division of football in the country, and it is named after the Portuguese playwright of the same name. The best seasons for the team was in 1999–2000 and 2021–22 Primeira Liga, when they finished fifth in the league.Gil Vicente Futebol Clube was founded on 3 May 1924, after the creation of other clubs in Barcelos, such as Barcelos Sporting Club and União Football Club Barcelense. The idea to found a new club came from a group of friends that every afternoon played football near the city's theater, named Gil Vicente, after the Portuguese playwright. The initial name for the team was Gil Vicente Football Barcelense.The team first got promoted to the top Portuguese division, then called First Division in 1990. In 1997, it got relegated to the Liga de Honra and came back two years later by winning it. The best position was in the first year back in the Liga, when it finished fifth, led by manager Álvaro Magalhães, a former Benfica player.
<NABC_Coach_of_the_Year>	The NABC Coach of the Year Award has been presented by the National Association of Basketball Coaches since 1959 (63 years ago) (1959). A longtime sponsor of the award was Kodak; it is currently sponsored by the UPS Store.
<Paul_Bracq>	Paul Bracq (born December 13, 1933, Bordeaux, France) is an automotive designer noted for his work at Mercedes-Benz, BMW, Citroën, and Peugeot.Bracq's career began in the design studio of Philippe Charbonneaux, serving as his assistant in 1953 and 1954.  During this period, the studio produced the designs for the French Presidential limousine built by Citroën, a one-off Pegaso coupe, and other automobiles.Bracq served his mandatory military service from late 1954 through 1957. Subsequently, he worked for Daimler-Benz, heading its design studio in Sindelfingen, a post he held for ten years.  Bracq styled the Mercedes 600, 230SL/250SL/280SL roadster, the 220S coupé, the 250 and 220D, the W108 and W114 coupe series, and its stablemate the W115 – all of the '60s and '70s.
<William_Etty>	William Etty RA (10 March 1787 – 13 November 1849) was an English artist best known for his history paintings containing nude figures. He was the first significant British painter of nudes and still lifes. Born in York, he left school at the age of 12 to become an apprentice printer in Hull. He completed his apprenticeship seven years later and moved to London, where in 1807 he joined the Royal Academy Schools. There he studied under Thomas Lawrence and trained by copying works by other artists. Etty earned respect at the Royal Academy of Arts for his ability to paint realistic flesh tones, but had little commercial or critical success in his first few years in London.Etty's Cleopatra's Arrival in Cilicia, painted in 1821, featured numerous nudes and was exhibited to great acclaim. Its success prompted several further depictions of historical scenes with nudes. All but one of the works he exhibited at the Royal Academy in the 1820s contained at least one nude figure, and he acquired a reputation for indecency. Despite this, he was commercially successful and critically acclaimed, and in 1828 was elected a Royal Academician, at the time the highest honour available to an artist. Although he was one of the most respected artists in the country he continued to study at life classes throughout his life, a practice considered inappropriate by his fellow artists. In the 1830s Etty began to branch out into the more lucrative but less respected field of portraiture, and later became the first English painter to paint significant still lifes. He continued to paint both male and female nudes, which caused severe criticism and condemnation from some elements of the press.
<Álex_Lombardero>	Alejandro 'Álex' Lombardero Menéndez (born 1 March 1979 in Arteixo, Galicia) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder.
<Olimpia_Carlisi>	Olimpia Carlisi (born 29 December 1946) is an Italian stage, film and television actress.Carlisi was born in Campi Bisenzio, Florence, on 29 December 1946. After her debut as a stage actress, she made her film debut working with Roberto Rossellini in Atti degli apostoli (1968). She focused her career on primarily art films and stage work.She worked with Jean-Marie Straub and Danièle Huillet in Othon (1970), where her work was praised by critics. American director Mike Nichols cast Carlisi in the role of Luciana in his 1970 film Catch-22.
<Germany_national_under-21_football_team>	The Germany national under-21 football team represents the under-21s of Germany in the UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship and is controlled by the German Football Association (DFB), the governing body of football in Germany.Before the reunification of Germany, East Germany and West Germany played as separate entities — the two teams played separately until summer 1990.  Following the realignment of UEFA's youth competitions in 1976, international under-21 football in Europe began. A West German team, however, did not compete in the U-21 European Championship until the qualifying round (beginning in 1980) of the 1982 competition.
<Harvey_Award>	The Harvey Awards are given for achievement in comic books. Named for writer-artist Harvey Kurtzman, the Harvey Awards were founded by Gary Groth in 1988, president of the publisher Fantagraphics, to be the successor to the Kirby Awards that were discontinued in 1987.The Harvey Awards are now nominated by the Harvey Awards Nomination Committee. The winners are selected by an open vote among comic-book professionals. The Harveys are no longer affiliated with Fantagraphics.[when?] The Harvey Awards Executive Committee is made up of unpaid volunteers, and the Awards are financed through sponsorships.
<André_Balazs>	André Tomes Balazs (born January 31, 1957) is an American businessman and hotelier. He is president and chief executive officer of André Balazs Properties, a portfolio of hotels across the United States and residences in New York state, especially in New York City.Balazs was born in Boston, Massachusetts. His father, Endre Alexander Balazs, was a research professor at Harvard Medical School, founded the Retina Foundation and the Boston Biomedical Research Institute, and was the director of ophthalmic research at Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center. His mother, Eva K. Balazs, was a family therapist and psychologist at McLean Hospital. Also a musician, she later helped form the New New Orleans Jazz Band.Balazs graduated from Buckingham, Browne & Nichols School, a private preparatory school in Cambridge, Massachusetts. He graduated from Cornell University and was a member of the Quill and Dagger society. Balazs also attended the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism where he earned a joint master's degree in journalism and business.
<Signe_Baumane>	Signe Baumane (born 7 August 1964) is a Latvian animator, fine artist, illustrator and writer, currently living and working in New York City. She is a member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, she was a 2005 Fellow in Film of the New York Foundation for the Arts. She is also a teacher, having taught animation at the Pratt Institute from 2000 to 2002.Signe Baumane was born in Auce, Latvia, and grew up in Tukums, Latvia and Sakhalin Island.  She was married to Yuriy Gavrilenko, an artist and impresario, and Lasse Persson, a Swedish animator.  She began writing for publication at the age of 14. She attended Moscow University and graduated in 1989 with a BA in Philosophy.She began working as an animator in 1989, taking a position as animator at Dauka Animation Studio. Over the next several years, local television aired several animated commercials that Baumane had designed and directed. In 1991 she produced her first animated film, The Witch and the Cow, of which she was the scriptwriter, director, designer, and animator.
<Alison_Broinowski>	Alison Elizabeth Broinowski, AM (née  Woodroffe; born 25 October 1941) is an Australian academic, journalist, writer and former Australian public servant.Alison Woodroffe was born in Adelaide, South Australia, on 25 October 1941. She attended from 1946 to 1958 the Wilderness School in that city, and in 1962 she graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Adelaide. In December of the following year, she married diplomat Richard Philip Broinowski. From 1963 to 1964, she was a cadet for the Australian Department of External Affairs before beginning her extensive public service career, including various diplomatic postings, with the Department of Foreign Affairs (DFAT).
<Rochester,_New_York>	Rochester (/ˈrɒtʃɛstər, -ɪs-/) is a city in the U.S. state of New York, the seat of Monroe County, and the fourth-most populous in the state after New York City, Buffalo, and Yonkers, with a population of 211,328 at the 2020 United States census. Located in Western New York, the city of Rochester forms the core of a larger metropolitan area with a population of 1 million people, across six counties. The city was one of the United States' first boomtowns, initially due to the fertile Genesee River Valley, which gave rise to numerous flour mills, and then as a manufacturing center, which spurred further rapid population growth.Rochester rose to prominence as the birthplace and home of some of America's most iconic companies, in particular Eastman Kodak, Xerox, and Bausch & Lomb (along with Wegmans, Gannett, Paychex, Western Union, French's, Constellation Brands, Ragú, and others), by which the region became a global center for science, technology, and research and development. This status has been aided by the presence of several internationally renowned universities (notably the University of Rochester and Rochester Institute of Technology) and their research programs; these schools, along with many other smaller colleges, have played an increasingly large role in Greater Rochester's economy. Rochester has also played a key part in US history as a hub for certain important social and political movements, especially abolitionism and the women's rights movement.
<Anne_Twomey>	Anne Twomey may refer to:
<Elías_Molina>	Elías Molina-Prados García-Navas (born 16 February 1982), simply known as Elías, is a Spanish former footballer. Mainly a defensive midfielder, he can also play as a central defender.Born in Herencia, Ciudad Real, Castilla-La Mancha, Elías joined Atlético Madrid's youth setup in 1995, aged 13. He made his senior debuts in the 2000–01 campaign with Atlético Aviación, the club's farm team.In the 2001 summer Elías moved to CD Numancia in Segunda División. He played his first match as a professional on 26 August 2001, coming on as a second-half substitute in a 2–2 home draw against UD Salamanca.
<Sacramento,_California>	Sacramento (/ˌsækrəˈmɛntoʊ/ SAK-rə-MEN-toh; Spanish: [sakɾaˈmento], Spanish for ''sacrament'') is the capital city of the U.S. state of California and the seat and largest city of Sacramento County. Located at the confluence of the Sacramento and American River in Northern California's Sacramento Valley, Sacramento's 2020 population of 524,943 makes it the sixth-largest city in California and the ninth-largest capital in the United States. Sacramento is the seat of the California Legislature and the Governor of California, making it the state's political center and a hub for lobbying and think tanks. It features the California State Capitol Museum.Sacramento is also the cultural and economic core of the Greater Sacramento area, which at the 2020 census had a population of 2,680,831, the fourth-largest metropolitan area in California.
<Donovan_Leitch_(actor)>	Donovan Jerome Leitch (born August 16, 1967) is an English-born American actor, singer and former model. He is the son of the singer-songwriter Donovan and the brother of actress Ione Skye. He was a member of the hard rock band Camp Freddy, and was a founding member of neo-glam group Nancy Boy along with Jason Nesmith, the son of Michael Nesmith of The Monkees. As an actor, he is best known for portraying Paul Taylor in the 1988 remake of The Blob.Leitch appeared in the films Breakin' 2: Electric Boogaloo (1985), The In Crowd (1988), ...And God Created Woman (1988), The Blob (1988), Glory (1989, portraying Charles Fessenden Morse), Cutting Class (1989), Gas, Food Lodging (1992), Dark Horse (1992), Jack the Bear (1993), Cityscrapes: Los Angeles (1994), I Shot Andy Warhol (1996), One Night Stand (1997) and Love Kills (1998). Leitch was featured as the villain of the week, Malcolm Lagg, an underground fight club coordinator for metahumans in the Birds of Prey episode "Gladiatrix".
<A_Generation>	A Generation (Polish: Pokolenie) is a 1955 Polish film directed by Andrzej Wajda. It is based on the novel Pokolenie by Bohdan Czeszko, who also wrote the script.  It was Wajda's first film and the opening installment of what became his Three War Films trilogy set in the Second World War, to be followed by Kanal and Ashes and Diamonds.A Generation is set in Wola, a working-class section of Warsaw, in 1942 and tells the stories of two young men at odds with the German occupation of Poland. The young protagonist, Stach (Tadeusz Łomnicki), is living in squalor on the outskirts of the city and carrying out wayward acts of theft and rebellion. 
<Bertram_Bruce>	Bertram C. "Chip" Bruce is an American educator, information scientist, and computer scientist, whose recent research has focused on democratic education. He is currently Professor Emeritus in Information Science at the University of Illinois and previously a Fulbright Distinguished Chair at National College of Ireland.This biography of an American academic is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<A_Passage_to_India_(play)>	A Passage to India is a stage play written by Indian-American playwright Santha Rama Rau (1923–2009), based on E.M. Forster's 1924 novel of the same name.The play begins with two English women, Mrs. Moore and Adela Quested. They travel to 1920s India, where Mrs. Moore's son, Ronny, is working. Ronny is supposed to be engaged to Adela. The women hope to experience India while they are there. Adela and Ronny are unsure if they are meant to be together. While on a hike led by Dr. Aziz, Adela is attacked in the Marabar Caves. She assumes it was Dr. Aziz, but later while testifying in court, which becomes a media sensation, she realizes Dr. Aziz is not the person who attacked her. Dr. Aziz brings up the racial tensions he feels between the English and the Indians.In the early 1950s, the play's creator, Santha Rama Rau, had dinner one evening with producer Cheryl Crawford. Crawford remarked to Rau that there had never been a distinguished play on Broadway before that dealt with India. This conversation brought up the E.M. Forster novel that was first published in 1924, titled A Passage to India. Rau mentioned to Crawford the possibility of her adapting the novel for the stage. In 1957, Rau met with Forster and presented him with a copy of her working script. Forster gave his blessing for her to move forward with the production and gave her several suggestions for changes in the script.
<Edward_Bellingham>	Sir Edward Bellingham (1506–1549) was an English soldier and lord deputy of Ireland.He was a son of Edward Bellingham of Erringham, Sussex, his mother being Jane Shelley of the Shelley family. After his father's death in 1511, he and his brother became wards to the Duke of Norfolk. He served with Sir Thomas Seymour as envoys to Hungary during the sieges of Pesth and Buda before the Hungarian forces were defeated by the Ottoman Empire. He further fought through the Low Countries against the French before being captured. He was also present at the Siege of Boulogne. His most notable achievement was the defence of the Isle of Wight  and repulsion of French raiding forces during the attempted French invasion in 1545.After King Henry VIII's death he eventually became a member of the English House of Commons and a member of the privy council under the rule of King Edward VI, and in 1547 took part in some military operations in Ireland, during which time he may have rebuilt Leighlinbridge Castle in County Carlow. In May 1548 he was sent to that country as Lord Deputy. Ireland was then in a very disturbed condition, but the new governor crushed a rebellion of the O'Connors in Leinster, freed the Pale from rebels, built forts, and made the English power respected in Munster and Connaught.
<The_Daily_Mirror_(Sydney)>	The Daily Mirror was an afternoon paper established by Ezra Norton in Sydney, Australia in 1941, gaining a licence from the Minister for Trade and Customs, Eric Harrison, despite wartime paper rationing. In October 1958, Norton and his partners sold his newspapers to the Fairfax Group, which immediately sold it to News Limited. It was merged with its morning sister paper The Daily Telegraph on 8 October 1990 to form The Daily Telegraph-Mirror, which in 1996 reverted to The Daily Telegraph, in the process removing the last vestige of the old Daily Mirror.
<West_Bromwich_Albion_F.C.>	West Bromwich Albion Football Club (/ˈbrɒmɪdʒ, -ɪtʃ/) is an English professional football club based in West Bromwich, West Midlands, England. They compete in the EFL Championship, the second tier of English football. The club was formed in 1878 and has played at its home ground, The Hawthorns, since 1900.Albion was a founder member of the Football League in 1888, the first professional football league in the world. The club has spent the majority of its existence in the top tier of English football, where it has played for 82 seasons. The club has been champions of England once, in 1919–20, and has been runners-up twice. Albion have reached ten FA Cup finals and won the Cup on five occasions. The first win came in 1888, the year the league was founded, followed by wins in 1892, 1931, 1954 and most recently in 1968, the club's last major trophy. Albion also won the Football League Cup at the first attempt in 1966, and have reached a further two finals. The club's longest continuous period in the top division spanned 24 years between 1949 and 1973, and from 1986 to 2002 it spent its longest ever spell out of the top division.
<Louis_Febre>	Louis Febre (born June 21, 1959) is a Mexican born composer, best known for his work on the television series Smallville. He also won an Emmy Award for his score to The Cape in 1997.Born in the city of Saltillo, Mexico, Febre composed his first works for the piano at age 8 while studying piano at a private academy in Northern Mexico. In 1973, his family moved to Los Angeles where he continued his study of the piano under the tutelage of Robert Turner and Françoise Régnat.Febre went on to formal composition study with Lorraine Kimball and Frank Campo. During this period, he wrote several chamber works and other large form compositions.
<Mohammed_bin_Rashid_Al_Maktoum>	Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum (Arabic: محمد بن راشد آل مكتوم; Muḥammad bin Rāshid ʾĀl Maktūm; born 15 July 1949) is the vice president, prime minister, and minister of defence of the United Arab Emirates (UAE) as well as the ruler of Dubai. He is the third son of Sheikh Rashid bin Saeed Al Maktoum, former vice president of the UAE and ruler of Dubai. Mohammed succeeded his brother Maktoum as vice president and ruler following the latter's death in 2006.A billionaire, Mohammed generates most of his income from real estate and is described as "one of the world's most prominent real estate developers". Land which is owned by him is managed as an asset of the state. There is a blurred line between the assets of the government of Dubai and those of the ruling Al Maktoum family. He oversaw the growth of Dubai into a global city, as well as the launch of a number of government-owned enterprises including Emirates Airline, DP World, and the Jumeirah Group. Some of these are held by Dubai Holding. Mohammed has overseen the development of certain projects in Dubai including the creation of a technology park, a free economic zone, Dubai Internet City, Dubai Media City, the Dubai International Finance Centre, the Palm Islands and the Burj Al Arab hotel. He also drove the construction of Burj Khalifa, the tallest building in the world.
<Gilberto_dos_Santos_Souza_Júnior>	Gilberto dos Santos Souza Júnior (born 20 October 1988, in Serrinha) known as Gilberto, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder.Gilberto began as a youth team player for Vitória in 2005 before moving to Bragantino in 2007 and to Corinthians B in 2008.For the 2009 Campeonato Paulista, Gilberto was acquired by Mogi Mirim and made his debut on January 24, 2009 in a 3-0 loss to Palmeiras. He played 6 games, starting 3 of them.
<Union_Tank_Car_Company>	Union Tank Car Company or UTLX is a railway equipment leasing, rail car maintenance, and rail car manufacturing company headquartered in metro Chicago, Illinois. A direct descendant of Standard Oil, the firm today is owned by Berkshire Hathaway.Union Tank Car Company was founded in 1866 by Captain Jacob J. Vandergrift, in response to the economic activities of John D. Rockefeller in the years leading up to his creation of Standard Oil.  Vandergrift was involved in the conflicts in the oil regions of Western Pennsylvania in the 1860s–1870s. Eventually, Union Tank Car Company and Vandergrift's other holdings, which included pipeline and riverboat transport companies, merged with the company that later became Standard Oil. Rockefeller, once Captain Vandergrift's nemesis, made him Vice President of Standard Oil.  The town of Vandergrift, Pennsylvania, built in 1895 by steel company president George G. McMurtry to house his workers, was named in Vandergrift's honor.TransUnion was formed as a holding company in 1968 to hold Union Tank Car Company. TransUnion soon began acquiring credit information and information management companies as a second major investment. The Marmon Group acquired TransUnion in 1981, spinning off the TransUnion name and the financial portion of the holding company to Madison Dearborn Partners in the 1990s. Union Tank Car Company is still owned by Marmon, which in turn is now a 100% owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway. 
<Best_Nine_Award>	The Best Nine Award is awarded annually to the best player at each position in both the Central League and Pacific League of Japanese professional baseball as determined by a pool of journalists.While the Best Nine Award was first presented to players following the 1940 season, it was not until 1947 (after World War II) that it became an annual award. After the Japanese Baseball League was divided into Central and Pacific leagues in 1950, the award was presented to nine players from each league. Following the Pacific League's adoption of the DH rule in 1975, ten players (including the best designated hitter) have been chosen for the Best Nine Award in the Pacific League alone each year.Journalists vote on the best pitcher, catcher, first baseman, second baseman, third baseman, shortstop, and three outfielders (typically chosen on merit of best offensive numbers, with the exception of pitchers) in each of the two leagues. As is the case with the Silver Slugger Award, said to be the Major League equivalent of the award, left fielders, center fielders, and right fielders are not chosen separately.
<Edward_John_Ray>	Edward John Ray (born September 10, 1944) is an American economist who became the 14th president of Oregon State University on July 31, 2003. Prior to joining Oregon State, Ray was executive vice president and provost of Ohio State University for the previous six years. At OSU, Ray earned $648,648 for his position as president and $17,550 for his position as professor in the School of Public Policy, for a gross salary of $666,198. He also serves as chairman of the NCAA's Executive Committee.Ray was born in Jackson Heights, Queens. Ray received his undergraduate degree in mathematics from Queens College, City University of New York in June 1966, graduating cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa. He earned his master's degree in economics from Stanford University in 1969 and his doctorate in economics from Stanford in June 1971.
<Janet_Sheen>	Janet Elizabeth Estévez (née  Templeton; born July 8, 1944), known professionally as Janet Sheen and Janet Templeton, is an American actress.She studied art at the New School for Social Research in New York City where she met her future husband Martin Sheen. They married in December 1961.She is the mother of four children, three sons and one daughter, all of whom are actors, Emilio Estevez, Renée Estevez, Ramon Estevez, and Charlie Sheen. In 1983 she played Elaine de Kooning in the miniseries Kennedy. She also appeared in the film Rated X as a nurse, though she was not mentioned in the final credits. In 1989, she was associate producer of the film Beverly Hills Brats, and in 2010, executive producer of The Way.
<New_Zealand_Liberal_Party>	The New Zealand Liberal Party was the first organised political party in New Zealand. It governed from 1891 until 1912. The Liberal strategy was to create a large class of small land-owning farmers who supported Liberal ideals, by buying large tracts of Māori land and selling it to small farmers on credit. The Liberal Government also established the basis of the later welfare state, with old age pensions, developed a system for settling industrial disputes, which was accepted by both employers and trade unions. In 1893 it extended voting rights to women, making New Zealand the first country in the world to enact universal adult suffrage.New Zealand gained international attention for the Liberal reforms, especially how the state regulated labour relations. It was innovating in the areas of maximum hour regulations and compulsory arbitration procedures. Under the Liberal administration the country also became the first to implement a minimum wage and to give women the right to vote. The goal was to encourage unions but discourage strikes and class conflict. The impact was especially strong on the reform movement in the United States.
<Werner_Almesberger>	Werner Almesberger (born 13 August 1967) is an Austrian free software computer programmer and an open-source hardware designer/maker. He is mainly known as a hacker of the Linux kernel.Contributions to Linux (free software projects) include the LILO boot loader, the initial RAM disk (initrd), the MS-DOS file system, much of the ATM code, the tcng traffic control configurator, the UML-based simulator umlsim, and the Openmoko (a version of Linux for completely open, low-cost, high-volume phones).While a PhD student in Communications at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Lausanne (EPFL) he did contributions to several key pieces in the early days of the Linux kernel, in particular as developer of DOS file system, LILO bootloader (the most used Linux bootloader during the youth of the Linux kernel project) and initrd initial RAM disk.
<Chauncey_Thomas>	Chauncey Thomas (August 13, 1813 in Damascus, Wayne County, Pennsylvania – October 5, 1882 in Shohola Glen, Pike County, Pennsylvania), was one of eleven children born to mill owner and entrepreneur Moses Thomas and his wife, Rebecca Monington.  On his father's side of the family, his grandfather Moses Thomas had been killed by Indians near Narrowsburg during the French and Indian War.  On his maternal side, the Monington family of Philadelphia had come to the Delaware valley from Gloucester, England in the early 18th century.He is probably best known as the owner of the four of erstwhile Barryville–Shohola Bridges over the Delaware River, and as the father of Rear Admiral and Commander in Chief of the Pacific Fleet, Chauncey Thomas Jr., USN.
<Twenty_Questions>	Twenty questions is a spoken parlor game, which encourages deductive reasoning and creativity. It originated in the United States and was played widely in the 19th century.  It escalated in popularity during the late 1940s, when it became the format for a successful weekly radio quiz program.In the traditional game, the "answerer" chooses something that the other players, the "questioners", must guess. They take turns asking a question which the answerer must answer with "yes" or "no". In variants of the game, answers such as "maybe" are allowed. Sample questions could be: "Is it bigger than a breadbox?", "Is it alive?", and finally "Is it this pen?" Lying is not allowed. If a questioner guesses the correct answer, they win and become the answerer for the next round. If 20 questions are asked without a correct guess, then the answerer has stumped the questioners and gets to be the answerer for another round.Careful selection of questions can greatly improve the odds of the questioner winning the game. For example, a question such as "Does it involve technology for communications, entertainment or work?" can allow the questioner to cover a broad range of areas using a single question that can be answered with a simple "yes" or "no", significantly narrowing down the possibilities.
<The_Blind>	The Blind (French: Les aveugles), also known as The Sightless, is a play that was written in 1890 by the Belgian playwright Maurice Maeterlinck.It is an intense one-act play, which was one of the pieces mentioned in a list of Maeterlinck’s most characteristic plays. This list was highlighted in the speech given to honour Maeterlinck with the Nobel Prize in 1911. The play was originally written in French later to be translated into several different languages, such as English and German. The piece is not only a study of human condition in general but it appears to confront its reader with the effect of hope on the latter.Unlike most other theatrical pieces The Blind does not introduce its readers to readily shaped characters, but twelve de-personalised beings. These beings were not provided with names but titles describing their general condition, for instance the eldest blind man. This method of writing gives an audience, or theatre professional an opportunity to read between the lines and interpret the piece according to personal desire. Maeterlinck has since been considered as the founder of a new type of dramatic writing, Symbolism. Parallels have often been drawn with Samuel Beckett’s Waiting for Godot, which was produced in the mid 20th century and appears to construct a similar world of waiting and hoping, which is evident in The Blind.
<UD_Melilla>	Unión Deportiva Melilla is a Spanish football team based in the autonomous city of Melilla. Founded in 1976, it currently plays in Segunda División RFEF – Group 5, holding home matches at Estadio Municipal Álvarez Claro, with a 8,000 capacity.Founded in 1976 as Gimnástico Melilla Club de Fútbol after a merger of Melilla CF and Club Gimnástico de Cabrerizas, the club immediately took Cabrerizas' place in Tercera División. Renamed Unión Deportiva Melilla (as an honour to the club founded in the 1940s) in 1980, they reached Segunda División B in 1987, and has remained there until 2021 when the Spanish football structure changed.The Ceuta-Melilla derby was between Melilla and AD Ceuta, who were dissolved in 2012. The two clubs travelled to face each other via the Spanish mainland to avoid entering Morocco.
<FC_Barcelona_C>	Futbol Club Barcelona "C" was a Spanish football team that folded on 2 July 2007. The youth team of FC Barcelona, it played its home games at the Mini Estadi.Founded in 1967 as Barcelona Amateur, it adopted the name FC Barcelona C in 1993. Unlike the English League, youth teams in Spain play in the same football pyramid as their senior team rather than a separate league. However youth and reserve teams cannot play in the same division as their senior teams.FC Barcelona C last played in the fourth division. They were ineligible for promotion to the third level, as FC Barcelona B were playing in that category. Club president Joan Laporta chose not to inscribe the team in Primera Catalana for 2007–08, after the B team dropped to the fourth level.
<Craig_Wireless>	Craig Wireless Systems, Ltd. (initially Western Manitoba Broadcasters Ltd., then Craig Broadcast Systems, Inc., & next Craig Media, Inc. before its current branding) is a Canadian company which offers Multichannel Multipoint Distribution Service in Manitoba and British Columbia.In 2004, the company's media assets (its TV stations & A-Channel TV network) were acquired by CHUM Limited.The company has its roots in Western Manitoba Broadcasters, a company John Craig founded alongside Dr. H.O. McDiarmid, Alexander Boyd, Edmund, Fotheringham, Harold Smith, James Rust and M.W. Kerr in 1948.
<Theatre_Royal,_Glasgow>	The Theatre Royal is the oldest theatre in Glasgow and the longest running in Scotland. Located at 282 Hope Street, its front door was originally round the corner in Cowcaddens Street. It currently accommodates 1,541 people and is owned by Scottish Opera. The theatre opened in 1867, adopting the name Theatre Royal two years later. It is also the birthplace of Howard & Wyndham Ltd, owners and managers of theatres in Scotland and England until the 1970s, created by its chairman Baillie Michael Simons in 1895. It was Simons who as a cultural entrepreneur of his day also promoted the building of Kelvingrove Art Gallery and Museum and Glasgow's International Exhibitions of 1888 (the International Exhibition of Science, Art and Industry) and 1901.The theatre was opened in 1867 as the Royal Colosseum and Opera House by James Baylis. Baylis also ran the Milton Colosseum Music Hall  at Cowcaddens Cross, and had opened the Scotia Music Hall, later known as the Metropole, in Stockwell Street in 1862. The Royal, and its shops and adjoining Alexandra Music Hall, were designed by George Bell of Clarke & Bell, who became the founding President of the Glasgow Institute of Architects.
<Amale_Andraos>	Amale Andraos (born 1973) is a New York-based designer. She was dean of the Columbia Graduate School of Architecture, Planning and Preservation (2014-2021) and serves as advisor to the Columbia Climate School. She is the co-founder of the New York City architecture firm WORKac with her husband, Dan Wood. Her impact on architectural practice around the world was recognized when she was named Honorary Fellow of the Royal Architectural Institute of Canada in 2021.Andraos was born in Beirut, Lebanon, and has lived in Saudi Arabia, France, Canada and the Netherlands. She holds a B. Arch from McGill University in Montreal and a Master of Architecture from the Harvard Graduate School of Design.Andraos has taught at Princeton University School of Architecture, Harvard Graduate School of Design, the University of Pennsylvania School of Design and the American University in Beirut. In 2014, she was named dean of the Columbia Graduate School of Architecture, Planning and Preservation. She was the first woman to hold that position. Her publications include We Will Get There When We Cross That Bridge (Monacelli Press, 2017), The Arab City: Architecture and Representation (Columbia Books on Architecture and the city, 2016), 49 Cities (Inventory Press, 3rd edition, 2015), and Above the Pavement, the Farm! (Princeton Architectural Press, 2010).
<Fort_Santiago>	Fort Santiago (Spanish: Fuerte de Santiago; Filipino: Kutà ng Santiago), built in 1571, is a citadel built by Spanish navigator and governor Miguel López de Legazpi for the newly established city of Manila in the Philippines. The defense fortress is located in Intramuros, the walled city of Manila.The fort is one of the most important historical sites in Manila. Several people died in its prisons during the Spanish Empire and World War II. José Rizal, one of the Philippine national heroes, was imprisoned here before his execution in 1896. The Rizal Shrine museum displays memorabilia of the hero in their collection and the fort features, embedded onto the ground in bronze, his footsteps representing his final walk from his cell to the location of the actual execution.It is only a few meters away from the Manila Cathedral and the Palacio del Gobernador (lit. Governor's Palace, currently the office of the Commission on Elections).
<Thorkild_Jacobsen>	Thorkild Peter Rudolph Jacobsen (Danish: [ˈtsʰɒːkʰil ˈjɑkʌpsn̩]; 7 June 1904 – 2 May 1993) was a renowned Danish historian specializing in Assyriology and Sumerian literature. He was one of the foremost scholars on the ancient Near East.Thorkild Peter Rudolph Jacobsen received, in 1927, an M.A. from the University of Copenhagen and then came to the United States to study at the Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago, where, in 1929, he received his Ph.D.He was a field Assyriologist for the Iraq Expedition of the Oriental Institute from 1929 to 1937) and in 1946 became director of the Oriental Institute. He served as Dean of the Humanities Division from 1948 to 1951, as an editor of the Assyrian Dictionary from 1955 to 1959, and as Professor of Social Institutions from 1946–1962.
<Tom_Clancy's_Ghost_Recon_Advanced_Warfighter>	Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter (GRAW) is a tactical shooter video game released for the Xbox 360, Xbox, PlayStation 2 and Microsoft Windows in 2006. As in previous Ghost Recon games, players command their team while neutralizing hostile forces and completing various mission objectives. These objectives can range from escorting friendly units across the map to rescuing hostages or taking out enemy artillery.The game places emphasis on using cover effectively in order to stay alive, together with sound strategic co-ordination to successfully complete mission objectives. A new feature is the Integrated Warfighter System, a system based upon the Future Force Warrior program.Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter 2, the game's direct sequel, was released a year later in 2007. The Xbox 360 version was released for Xbox One backwards compatibility in 2018.
<George_Brent>	George Brent (born George Brendan Nolan; 15 March 1904 – 26 May 1979) was an Irish-American stage, film, and television actor. He is best remembered for the eleven films he made with Bette Davis, which included Jezebel and Dark Victory.Brent was born in Ballinasloe, County Galway, Ireland on March 15, 1904, to John J.  and Mary (née McGuinness) Nolan. His father was a shopkeeper and his mother was a native of Clonfad, Moore, County Roscommon. In September 1915, he moved with his younger sister Kathleen to New York City. There, they joined their mother, who was living in the USA after her separation from her husband.
<Jean_Bourgain>	Jean, Baron Bourgain (French: [buʁɡɛ̃]; (1954-02-28)28 February 1954 – (2018-12-22)22 December 2018) was a Belgian mathematician. He was awarded the Fields Medal in 1994 in recognition of his work on several core topics of mathematical analysis such as the geometry of Banach spaces, harmonic analysis, ergodic theory and nonlinear partial differential equations from mathematical physics.Bourgain received his PhD from the Vrije Universiteit Brussel in 1977. He was a faculty member at the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign and, from 1985 until 1995, professor at Institut des Hautes Études Scientifiques at Bures-sur-Yvette in France, at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey from 1994 until 2018. He was an editor for the Annals of Mathematics. From 2012 to 2014, he was a visiting scholar at UC Berkeley.
<Sangeeta_N._Bhatia>	Sangeeta N. Bhatia (born 1968) is an American biological engineer and the John J. and Dorothy Wilson Professor at MIT’s Institute for Medical Engineering and Science and Electrical Engineering and Computer Science (EECS) at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States. Bhatia's research investigates applications of micro- and nano-technology for tissue repair and regeneration.  She applies ideas from computer technology and engineering to the design of miniaturized biomedical tools for the study and treatment of diseases, in particular liver disease, hepatitis, malaria and cancer.In 2003, she was named by the MIT Technology Review as one of the top 100 innovators in the world under the age of 35. She was also named a "Scientist to Watch" by The Scientist in 2006.She has received multiple awards and has been elected to the National Academy of Sciences, the National Academy of Engineering, the National Academy of Medicine, and the National Academy of Inventors.
<Denver>	Denver  (/ˈdɛnvər/) is a consolidated city and county, the capital, and most populous city of the U.S. state of Colorado. Its population was 715,522 at the 2020 census, a 19.22% increase since 2010. It is the 19th-most populous city in the United States and the fifth most populous state capital. It is the principal city of the Denver–Aurora–Lakewood, CO Metropolitan Statistical Area and the first city of the Front Range Urban Corridor.Denver is located in the Western United States, in the South Platte River Valley on the western edge of the High Plains just east of the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains. Its downtown district is immediately east of the confluence of Cherry Creek and the South Platte River, approximately 12 mi (19 km) east of the foothills of the Rocky Mountains. It is named after James W. Denver, a governor of the Kansas Territory. It is nicknamed the Mile High City because its official elevation is exactly one mile (5280 feet or 1609.344 meters) above sea level. The 105th meridian west of Greenwich, the longitudinal reference for the Mountain Time Zone, passes directly through Denver Union Station.
<George_Harrison>	George Harrison MBE (25 February 1943 – 29 November 2001) was an English musician and singer-songwriter who achieved international fame as the lead guitarist of the Beatles. Sometimes called "the quiet Beatle", Harrison embraced Indian culture and helped broaden the scope of popular music through his incorporation of Indian instrumentation and Hindu-aligned spirituality in the Beatles' work. Although the majority of the band's songs were written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney, most Beatles albums from 1965 onwards contained at least two Harrison compositions. His songs for the group include "Taxman", "Within You Without You", "While My Guitar Gently Weeps", "Here Comes the Sun" and "Something".Harrison's earliest musical influences included George Formby and Django Reinhardt; Carl Perkins, Chet Atkins and Chuck Berry were subsequent influences. By 1965, he had begun to lead the Beatles into folk rock through his interest in Bob Dylan and the Byrds, and towards Indian classical music through his use of Indian instruments, such as sitar, which he had become acquainted with on the set of the movie Help! On numerous Beatles songs he would play the sitar, starting with "Norwegian Wood (This Bird Has Flown)". Having initiated the band's embracing of Transcendental Meditation in 1967, he subsequently developed an association with the Hare Krishna movement. After the band's break-up in 1970, Harrison released the triple album All Things Must Pass, a critically acclaimed work that produced his most successful hit single, "My Sweet Lord", and introduced his signature sound as a solo artist, the slide guitar. He also organised the 1971 Concert for Bangladesh with Indian musician Ravi Shankar, a precursor to later benefit concerts such as Live Aid. In his role as a music and film producer, Harrison produced acts signed to the Beatles' Apple record label before founding Dark Horse Records in 1974; he co-founded HandMade Films in 1978, initially to produce the Monty Python troupe's comedy film The Life of Brian (1979).
<France_national_under-21_football_team>	The France national under-21 football team (French: Equipe de France Espoirs), known in France as Les Espoirs (French pronunciation: ​[ɛs.pwaʁ], The Hopes), is the national under-21 football team of France and is controlled by the French Football Federation. The team competes in the UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship, held every two years.Following the realignment of UEFA's youth competitions in 1976, under-21 football teams in Europe were formed. The team is exclusively for football players that are age 21 or under at the start of the two-year campaign of the UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship meaning a player can represent the national team until the age of 23.
<Galloping_Romeo>	Galloping Romeo is a 1933 American pre-Code Western film released by Monogram Pictures, written and directed by Robert N. Bradbury, and starring Bob Steele.
<Patrick_Cronin_(actor)>	Patrick Cronin (born April 11, 1941) is an American stage, television, and film actor best known for his television appearances spanning five decades.Cronin is a son of Ann McGlynn and Patrick Cronin Sr. After graduating from La Salle College High School, Cronin attended La Salle University where he received a bachelor's degree. He went on to earn a master's degree in theater from Temple University.As of at least 2005 and through 2019, he is a professor of theater at East Tennessee State University in Johnson City, Tennessee. He is the former holder of The Basler Chair and the first holder of the Permanent Artist in Residence position at East Tennessee State University.
<United_States_Air_Force_Academy>	The United States Air Force Academy (USAFA) is a United States service academy in El Paso County, Colorado, immediately north of Colorado Springs. It educates cadets for service in the officer corps of the United States Air Force and United States Space Force. It is the youngest of the five service academies, having graduated its first class 63 years ago in 1959, but is the third in seniority. Graduates of the academy's four-year program receive a Bachelor of Science degree and are commissioned as second lieutenants in the U.S. Air Force or U.S. Space Force. The academy is also one of the largest tourist attractions in Colorado, attracting approximately a million visitors each year.Admission is highly competitive, with nominations divided equally among Congressional districts. Recent incoming classes have had about 1,200 cadets; since 2012, around 20% of each incoming class does not graduate. During their tenure at the Academy, cadets receive tuition, room and board, and a monthly stipend all paid for by the Air Force. On the first day of a cadet's second class year, cadets commit to serving a number of years as a commissioned officer in the Air Force or Space Force. Non-graduates after that point are expected to fulfill their obligations in enlisted service or pay back full tuition. The commitment is normally five years of active duty and three years in the reserves, although it has varied depending on the graduate's Air Force Specialty Code.
<Jaguar_XJ_(X351)>	The Jaguar XJ (X351) is the fourth and final generation of the Jaguar XJ saloon manufactured by British automobile manufacturer Jaguar, and later Jaguar Land Rover. Announced in 2009, and going on sale from 2010, the X351 combines revised styling with underpinnings of the previous X350 generation. The model was discontinued in 2019.Jaguar invited Jay Leno to unveil the new XJ during the launch at the Saatchi Gallery in London on 9 July 2009. The event was broadcast live on the Jaguar website. The US model was unveiled at the 2009 Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance.
<Englewood,_New_Jersey>	Englewood is a city in Bergen County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey, which at the 2020 United States census had a population of 29,308. Englewood was incorporated as a city by an act of the New Jersey Legislature on March 17, 1899, from portions of Ridgefield Township and the remaining portions of Englewood Township.Englewood Township, the city's predecessor, is believed to have been named in 1859 for the Engle family. The community had been called the "English Neighborhood", as the first primarily English-speaking settlement on the New Jersey side of the Hudson River after New Netherland was annexed by England in 1664, though other sources mention the Engle family and the heavily forested areas of the community as the derivation of the name. Other sources indicate that the name is derived from "wood ingle", meaning "woody nook", or that the name was coined anew.
<Marc_Crosas>	Marc Crosas Luque (born 9 January 1988) is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder. Crosas is also a football analyst for Univision Deportes. He is a Mexican naturalized citizen.Born in Sant Feliu de Guíxols, Girona, Catalonia, Crosas came through the ranks at La Liga club FC Barcelona and signed a five-year contract in 2006. On 8 November 2006, Crosas made his first-team debut in a Copa del Rey tie against CF Badalona, coming on as a substitute for Andrés Iniesta in the 76th minute. Crosas was named in the Barcelona squad which competed in the 2006 Club World Cup in December, in Japan where the club finished runners-up. On 12 December 2007, he played in his first Champions League match against VfB Stuttgart at Camp Nou.
<Bill_Richards_(musician)>	Bill Richards (28 March 1923 – 28 February 1995) was a Canadian violinist, composer, arranger, and editor. His compositional output includes several film scores, a Flute Quartet (1964), and a number of fiddle tunes. He recorded two of his own fiddle compositions for Spiral Records in 1957 and another of his fiddle compositions was featured in the movie The Pyx. He also was active as a musician and concertmaster on a number of studio recordings from the 1950s through the 1990s, and can be heard on recordings by artists Moe Koffman, Catherine McKinnon, Anne Murray, and Gordon Lightfoot among others. In 1962 he and a quartet featuring the organist Lou Snider recorded two LP albums for the Canadian Talent Library Trust.Born William Francis Caven Richards in Ottawa, Ontario, Richards began his musical training as a child at the Canadian Conservatory of Music in his native city with Jack Cavill (violin) and Herbert Sanders (piano). He started his performance career at the age of eight working as a violin soloist on radio programs in Ottawa and Hull. He continued with violin studies in Ottawa with David Shuttleworth and then in Toronto with Broadus Farmer in 1939.
<RAI>	RAI – Radiotelevisione italiana (Italian pronunciation: [ˈrai ˌradjoteleviˈzjoːne itaˈljaːna]; commercially styled as Rai since 2000; known until 1954 as Radio Audizioni Italiane) is the national public broadcasting company of Italy, owned by the Ministry of Economy and Finance. RAI operates many terrestrial and subscription television channels and radio stations. It is one of the biggest broadcasters in Italy competing with Mediaset, and other minor radio and television networks. RAI has a relatively high television audience share of 35.9%.RAI broadcasts are also received in surrounding countries, including Albania, Bosnia, Croatia, France, Malta, Monaco, Montenegro, San Marino, Slovenia, Switzerland, Tunisia and the Vatican City, and elsewhere on pay television and some channels FTA across Europe including UK on the Hotbird satellite. Half of RAI's revenues come from broadcast receiving licence fees, the remainder from the sale of advertising time. In 1950, RAI became one of the 23 founding members of the European Broadcasting Union.RAI is 99% owned by the Italian Government Ministry of Economy and Finance and is the sole licensee (Concessionaria in esclusiva) of the Radio, Television, and Multimedia broadcasting public service. For this reason, the agreement with the Government prescribes a series of rules and guarantees that Rai must follow to ensure a fair public service to the citizens.
<Arbnor_Fejzullahu>	Arbnor Fejzullahu (born 8 April 1993) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Swiss club Rapperswil-Jona.Fejzullahu was born in the town Vranje in southern Serbia, FR Yugoslavia to Albanian parents. He played for the local ethnic Albanian team Tërnoci from the town of Veliki Trnovac. He was an important first team member in the heart of the midfield at the age of just 17 in the Serbian 5th tier of the football level.
<Shabba_Doo>	Adolfo Gutierrez Quiñones or Adolfo Gordon Quiñones (sources differ) (May 11, 1955 – December 29, 2020), known professionally as Shabba Doo, was an American actor, break dancer, and choreographer of African American and Puerto Rican descent.Quiñones is one of the forefathers of hip-hop dancing, and played Orlando "Ozone" in the 1984 breakdancing hit film Breakin' and its sequel, Breakin' 2: Electric Boogaloo.Quiñones was born and raised in Chicago, Illinois, United States; His father, Adolfo, had been born in Puerto Rico and became a salesman and a laborer. His mother, Ruth (McDaniel) Quiñones, was an accountant whose family had moved from Mississippi to Chicago during the Great Migration.  His mother raised him as a single parent from the age of three. He had a younger sister, Fawn Quiñones, who was also a dancer, and frequently featured on the musical variety television program Soul Train. Quiñones was raised in the Cabrini–Green housing complex in the city's North Side. For high school, Quiñones attended Cooley Vocational High School and Robert A. Waller High School (now known as Lincoln Park High School). In the 1970s, his family moved to the Los Angeles area. He began dancing in clubs around Crenshaw Boulevard and at venues like Radiotron, near MacArthur Park. Break-dance culture was growing at these establishments, and he dueled nightly in them with rivals on the dance floor. He started calling himself Sir Lance-a-Lock, which then became Shabba-Dabba-Do-Bop, which was finally shortened to Shabba-Doo.
<Cyril_Hilsum>	Cyril Hilsum CBE FRS HonFInstP FREng (born 17 May 1925) is a British physicist and academic.Hilsum was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 1983 for the inventiveness and leadership in introducing III-V semiconductors into electronic technology.
<Paul_Goldberger>	Paul Goldberger (born in 1950) is an American author, architecture critic and lecturer. He is known for his "Sky Line" column in The New Yorker.Shortly after starting as a reporter at The New York Times in 1972, he was assigned to write the obituary of architect Louis Kahn, who had died suddenly of a heart attack in a bathroom in New York's Pennsylvania Station. The next year, he was named an architecture critic, working alongside Ada Louise Huxtable until 1982.In 1984, Goldberger won the Pulitzer Prize for his architecture criticism in The Times. In 1996, New York City mayor Rudolph Giuliani presented him with the city's Preservation Achievement Award in recognition of the impact of his work on historic preservation.
<Rochelle_Humes>	Rochelle Eulah Eileen Humes (née Wiseman; born 21 March 1989) is an English singer and television presenter. Humes began her career in British pop groups S Club Juniors and The Saturdays, and has gone on to co-present the ITV entertainment series Ninja Warrior UK. Humes regularly guest-hosts This Morning, and since 2019, she has co-presented the BBC game show The Hit List alongside husband Marvin Humes.Rochelle Eulah Eileen Wiseman was born in Barking, London, on 21 March 1989. She attended Frances Bardsley Academy for Girls in Hornchurch, Havering, as well as Colin's Performing Arts School. Her parents divorced when she was three years old, and she was raised by her mother, her step-fathers and her uncle Paul Ince. Humes is of Jamaican descent on her father's side, and English on her mother's.
<Musō_Shinden-ryū>	Musō Shinden-ryū (夢想神伝流) is a style of sword-drawing art (iaido) founded by Nakayama Hakudō (中山博道) in 1932.  Nakayama Hakudō studied under Hosokawa Yoshimasa, a master of the Shimomura branch (下村派) of Hasegawa Eishin-ryū, and Morimoto Tokumi, a fellow student of Ōe Masaji of the Tanimura branch (谷村派). The name Musō Shinden-ryū most likely comes from the name given to the Shimomura branch by Hosokawa, Musō Shinden Eishin-ryū (無雙神傳英信流).The kata from Musō Shinden-ryū have a number of differences from the kata of its sister art, Musō Jikiden Eishin-ryū. Among the most visible are the manner in which the furikaburi (raising the sword overhead, sometimes called furikamuri) and the nōtō (sheathing) are done. Both arts also differ from many other iaijutsu schools in that the kiai is performed silently, without hassei (shouting).After striking with one hand, primarily on nukitsuke (cutting as one draws the sword out), the sword is brought to a position about ten centimeters above the left shoulder, blade edge up, and with the point facing backwards. The movement resembles a thrust to the rear. Unlike in Musō Jikiden Eishin-ryū, the sword does not fall off behind the back but always stays over shoulder height. The right hand then raises the sword overhead while the left hand takes its place on the hilt, thus entering in the jōdan stance or kamae. The sword should now be right in the middle line of the body, with the tip raised forty-five degrees upward (Chuden) or level with the ground (Shoden) and your left hand hovering just above your forehead.
<Mumbai>	Mumbai (English: /mʊmˈbaɪ/ (listen), Marathi: [ˈmumbəi]; also known as Bombay /bɒmˈbeɪ/— the official name until 1995) is the capital city of the Indian state of Maharashtra and the de facto financial centre of India. According to the United Nations, as of 2018, Mumbai is the second-most populous city in India after Delhi and the eighth-most populous city in the world with a population of roughly 20 million (2 crore). As per the Indian government population census of 2011, Mumbai was the most populous city in India with an estimated city proper population of 12.5 million (1.25 crore) living under the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation. Mumbai is the centre of the Mumbai Metropolitan Region, the sixth most populous metropolitan area in the world with a population of over 23 million (2.3 crore). Mumbai lies on the Konkan coast on the west coast of India and has a deep natural harbour. In 2008, Mumbai was named an alpha world city. It has the highest number of millionaires and billionaires among all cities in India.The seven islands that constitute Mumbai were earlier home to communities of Marathi language speaking Koli people. For centuries, the seven islands of Bombay were under the control of successive indigenous rulers before being ceded to the Portuguese Empire, and subsequently to the East India Company in 1661, through the dowry of Catherine Braganza when she was married off to Charles II of England. During the mid-18th century, Bombay was reshaped by the Hornby Vellard project, which undertook reclamation of the area between the seven islands from the sea. Along with construction of major roads and railways, the reclamation project, completed in 1845, transformed Bombay into a major seaport on the Arabian Sea. Bombay in the 19th century was characterised by economic and educational development. During the early 20th century it became a strong base for the Indian independence movement. Upon India's independence in 1947 the city was incorporated into Bombay State. In 1960, following the Samyukta Maharashtra Movement, a new state of Maharashtra was created with Bombay as the capital.
<Woodrow_Wilson>	Thomas Woodrow Wilson (December 28, 1856 – February 3, 1924) was an American politician and academic who served as the 28th president of the United States from 1913 to 1921. A member of the Democratic Party, Wilson served as the president of Princeton University and as the governor of New Jersey before winning the 1912 presidential election. As president, Wilson changed the nation's economic policies and led the United States into World War I in 1917. He was the leading architect of the League of Nations, and his progressive stance on foreign policy came to be known as Wilsonianism.
<Ludvig_Faddeev>	Ludvig Dmitrievich Faddeev (also Ludwig Dmitriyevich; Russian: Лю́двиг Дми́триевич Фадде́ев; 23 March 1934 – 26 February 2017) was a Soviet and Russian mathematical physicist. He is known for the discovery of the Faddeev equations in the theory of the quantum mechanical three-body problem and for the development of path integral methods in the quantization of non-abelian gauge field theories, including the introduction (with Victor Popov) of Faddeev–Popov ghosts.  He led the Leningrad School, in which he along with many of his students developed the quantum inverse scattering method for studying quantum integrable systems in one space and one time dimension.  This work led to the invention of quantum groups by Drinfeld and Jimbo.Faddeev was born in Leningrad to a family of mathematicians. His father,  Dmitry Faddeev, was a well known algebraist, professor of Leningrad University and member of the Russian Academy of Sciences.  His mother, Vera Faddeeva, was known for her work in numerical linear algebra.  Faddeev attended Leningrad University, receiving his undergraduate degree in 1956.  He enrolled in physics, rather than mathematics, "to be independent of [his] father".  Nevertheless, he received a solid education in mathematics as well "due to the influence of V. A. Fock and V. I. Smirnov".  His doctoral work, on scattering theory, was completed in 1959 under the direction of Olga Ladyzhenskaya.[citation needed]
<C.D._Tondela>	Clube Desportivo de Tondela (Portuguese pronunciation: [tõˈdɛlɐ] (listen)) is a Portuguese professional football club that plays in Primeira Liga, the top flight of Portuguese football. They are based in the town of Tondela, located in Viseu District, and play in the Estádio João Cardoso. Founded in 1933, the club predominantly played within Portugal's regional leagues until their climb up the league pyramid after 2004.On 6 June 1933, Clube Desportivo de Tondela was founded through a merger of two clubs in the village of Tondela: the Tondela Football Club, founded in 1925, and the Operário Atlético Clube, founded in 1932.
<Nikola_Vujadinović>	Nikola Vujadinović (Montenegrin: Никола Вујадиновић; born 31 July 1986) is a Montenegrin footballer who plays as a central defender for Serbian club Čukarički.Vujadinović also holds a Serbian and Bulgarian passport (and consequently EU citizenship) due to his grandfather being a Bulgarian. On international level, Vujadinović opted to play for Montenegrin national team.
<Stephen_Mann_(chemist)>	Stephen Mann, FRS, FRSC, (born 1 April 1955) is Professor of Chemistry, co-director of the Max Planck Bristol Centre for Minimal Biology, director of the Centre for Organized Matter Chemistry, director of the Centre for Protolife Research, and was principal of the Bristol Centre for Functional Nanomaterials at the University of Bristol, UK.Mann was awarded a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemistry from the University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology in 1976, and a Doctor of Philosophy degree from the University of Oxford in 1982 under the supervision of Professor R. J. P. Williams FRS.
<IMG_Academy>	IMG Academy is a preparatory boarding school and sports training destination in Bradenton, Florida, United States. IMG Academy is set across over 600 acres and features programs consisting of sport camps for youth athletes, adult camps, a boarding school, including a post-graduate/gap-year program, events, professional and collegiate training, group hosting, and corporate retreats. IMG Academy is owned by Endeavor.Nick Bollettieri founded the Nick Bollettieri Tennis Academy in 1978. Sports  company IMG purchased the academy in 1987. IMG acquired the youth division of the David Leadbetter Golf Academy in 1993 and added programs for soccer and baseball in 1994. Hockey and basketball programs were added in 2000 and 2001, respectively, and by 2002 the IMG campus had expanded to 190 acres (0.77 km2). IMG Academy suspended its hockey program in 2003.[citation needed] Football was added in 2010, as well as lacrosse. Track & field and cross country were added in 2013.
<Russ_Prize>	The Fritz J. and Dolores H. Russ Prize is an American national and international award established by the United States National Academy of Engineering (NAE) in October 1999 in Athens. Named after Fritz Russ, the founder of Systems Research Laboratories, and his wife Dolores Russ, it recognizes a bioengineering achievement that "has had a significant impact on society and has contributed to the advancement of the human condition through widespread use". The award was instigated at the request of Ohio University to honor Fritz Russ, one of its alumni.The first Russ Prize was awarded in 2001 to Earl E. Bakken and Wilson Greatbatch. The prize is awarded biennially in odd years. From 2003-2011 there was a single winner per award.  Multiple winners were recognized starting in 2013. The first non-Americans to receive the Russ Prize were three of the five co-winners honored in 2015.Only living persons may receive the prize, and recipients of the Charles Stark Draper Prize are not also eligible for the Russ Prize. Members of the NAE and non-members worldwide are able to receive the award.
<Van_Nuys>	Van Nuys (/vænˈnaɪz/) is a neighborhood in the central San Fernando Valley region of Los Angeles, California. Home to Van Nuys Airport and the Valley Municipal Building, it is the most populous neighborhood in the San Fernando Valley.In 1909, the Suburban Homes Company – a syndicate led by Hobart Johnstone Whitley, general manager of the board of control, along with Harry Chandler, H. G. Otis, M. H. Sherman and O. F. Brandt – purchased 48,000 acres of the Farming and Milling Company for $2.5 million. Henry E. Huntington extended his Pacific Electric Railway (Red Cars) through the Valley to Owensmouth (now Canoga Park). The Suburban Home Company laid out plans for roads and the towns of Van Nuys, Reseda (Marian) and Canoga Park (Owensmouth). The rural areas were annexed into the city of Los Angeles in 1915.
<Alison_LaPlaca>	Alison La Placa (born December 16, 1959) is an American actress best known for the role of acid-tongued yuppie Linda Phillips in the Fox sitcoms Duet and its spin-off Open House, both of which aired in the late 1980s.[citation needed]La Placa is a graduate of Stevenson High School in Lincolnshire, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago. She attended Illinois Wesleyan University, where she majored in drama.[citation needed] She performed in a circus show, Circus Fantastic, at Marriott's Great America, now Six Flags Great America.Before moving to Los Angeles La Placa worked as a cocktail waitress at Chicago's Palmer House on Michigan Ave.
<Vaughan_Pratt>	Vaughan Pratt (born April 12, 1944) is a Professor Emeritus at Stanford University, who was an early pioneer in the field of computer science. Since 1969, Pratt has made several contributions to foundational areas such as search algorithms, sorting algorithms, and primality testing. More recently, his research has focused on formal modeling of concurrent systems and Chu spaces.Raised in Australia and educated at Knox Grammar School, where he was dux in 1961, Pratt attended Sydney University, where he completed his masters thesis in 1970, related to what is now known as natural language processing. He then went to the United States, where he completed a Ph.D. thesis at Stanford University in only 20 months under the supervision of advisor Donald Knuth. His thesis focused on analysis of the Shellsort sorting algorithm and sorting networks.
<Hazel_R._O'Leary>	Hazel Reid O'Leary (born May 17, 1937) is an American lawyer, politician and university administrator who served as the 7th United States secretary of energy from 1993 to 1997. A member of the Democratic Party, O'Leary was the first woman and first African American to hold that post. She also served as the 14th president of Fisk University from 2004 to 2013, a historically black college and her alma mater. O'Leary's tenure at Fisk came amid financial difficulty for the school, during which time she increased enrollment and contentiously used the school's art collection to raise funds.O'Leary received her bachelor's degree from Fisk before earning her Bachelor of Laws degree from Rutgers School of Law. O'Leary worked as a prosecutor in New Jersey and then in a private consulting/accounting firm before joining the Carter administration. O'Leary returned to the private sector and rejoined the government as secretary of energy under President Bill Clinton. During her tenure, she declassified documents detailing how the United States had conducted secret testing on the effects of radiation on unsuspecting American citizens. She also received criticism for her excessive spending while in office.
<Oakland–Alameda_County_Coliseum>	Oakland Coliseum, currently branded as RingCentral Coliseum, is a stadium in Oakland, California. It is part of the Oakland–Alameda County Coliseum Complex, with the adjacent Oakland Arena, near Interstate 880. The Coliseum is the home ballpark of the Oakland Athletics of Major League Baseball. In 2017, the playing surface was dedicated as Rickey Henderson Field in honor of Major League Baseball Hall of Famer and former Athletics left fielder Rickey Henderson.As a multi-purpose stadium, it was the former home of the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League from 1966 until 1981 (when the team moved to Los Angeles), and again from 1995 until 2019 (when the team moved to Las Vegas). Since then, the stadium has been primarily used for baseball. It was the last remaining stadium in the United States shared by professional baseball and football teams. It has also occasionally been used for soccer, including hosting selected San Jose Earthquakes matches in 2008 and 2009, and during the 2009 CONCACAF Gold Cup.
<Nilda_Garré>	Nilda Celia Garré (born November 3, 1945) is an Argentine lawyer, politician, and diplomat. She was Minister of Defense during the presidency of the late Nestor Kirchner and remained in this position, and as Minister of Security, under President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner. She was the first woman in her country's history to serve in either office. She also served as the Argentine Representative to the OAS. She served numerous terms as a member of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies, the latest one from 2015 to 2019.Garré was born in the San Telmo barrio of Buenos Aires, and earned a law degree from the Universidad del Salvador when she was 22 years old. Her father, Raúl Garré, was a Peronist member of the Buenos Aires Province Chamber of Deputies until the 1955 coup against President Juan Perón in 1955.Elected in the March 1973 Peronist landslide, Garré became the youngest woman elected to Congress in Argentina to that date, and was among those on the flight that returned Perón to Argentina. She married Juan Manuel Abal Medina, who then was the Secretary-General of the Justicialist Party, in 1973.
<Tallahassee,_Florida>	Tallahassee (/ˌtæləˈhæsi/ TAL-ə-HASS-ee) is the capital city of the U.S. state of Florida. It is the county seat and only incorporated municipality in Leon County. Tallahassee became the capital of Florida, then the Florida Territory, in 1824. In 2020, the population was 196,169, making it the 8th-largest city in the U.S state of Florida, and the 126th-largest city in the United States. The population of the Tallahassee metropolitan area was 385,145 as of 2018[update]. Tallahassee is the largest city in the Florida Big Bend and Florida Panhandle region, and the main center for trade and agriculture in the Florida Big Bend and Southwest Georgia regions.With a student population exceeding 70,000, Tallahassee is a college town, home to Florida State University, ranked the nation's 19th-best public university by U.S. News & World Report; Florida A&M University, ranked the nation's best public historically black university by U.S. News & World Report; and Tallahassee Community College, a large state college that serves mainly as a feeder school to Florida State and Florida A&M.
<Syracuse,_New_York>	Syracuse (/ˈsɪrəkjuːz, ˈsɛr-, -kjuːs/ SIRR-ə-kewz, SERR-, -⁠kewss) is a city in and the county seat of Onondaga County, New York, United States. It is the fifth-most populous city in the state of New York following New York City, Buffalo, Yonkers, and Rochester.At the 2020 census, the city's population was 148,620 and its metropolitan area had a population of 662,057. It is the economic and educational hub of Central New York, a region with over one million inhabitants. Syracuse is also well-provided with convention sites, with a downtown convention complex. Syracuse was named after the classical Greek city Syracuse (Siracusa in Italian), a city on the eastern coast of the Italian island of Sicily.
<Sebastián_Saja>	Diego Sebastián Saja (born 5 June 1979) is an Argentine football coach and former player who is currently an assistant coach for Major League Soccer side Inter Miami CF.He spent most of his professional career with San Lorenzo, Racing Club and AEK Athens, being one of the most prolific goalscoring goalkeepers in history. He represented four clubs in the Spanish Segunda División, and also competed in Italy, Mexico and Brazil.
<Marc_Connelly>	Marcus Cook Connelly (December 13, 1890 – December 21, 1980) was an American playwright, director, producer, performer, and lyricist. He was a key member of the Algonquin Round Table, and received the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1930.Connelly was born to actor and hotelier Patrick Joseph Connelly and actress Mabel Fowler Cook in McKeesport, Pennsylvania. His father died in 1902. Connelly attended Trinity Hall boarding school in Washington, Pennsylvania, after which he began collecting money for ads in The Pittsburgh Press to help to support his mother. He began writing plays at the age of five.[citation needed]
<Richard_Clarke_Cabot>	Richard Clarke Cabot  (May 21, 1868 – May 7, 1939) was an American physician who advanced clinical hematology, was an innovator in teaching methods, and was a pioneer in social work.Richard Clarke Cabot was born May 21, 1868, in Brookline, Massachusetts, one of five sons of James Elliot Cabot and Elizabeth (Dwight) Cabot. James Cabot was a philosopher and Harvard University professor who also trained as a lawyer and biographer, and was a friend of Ralph Waldo Emerson.Cabot studied philosophy at Harvard University before switching to medicine.  Inspired by the beliefs of John Dewey, Cabot felt more drawn to action than contemplation, and he admired the work of Teddy Roosevelt and Jane Addams.  After completing his studies in 1892, he turned down the role of the first bacteriologist at Massachusetts General Hospital to work in the hospital's much less prestigious outpatient department.  At this time, outpatient wards dealt mostly with people who couldn't afford inpatient treatment, or for the treatment of incurable chronic conditions such as tuberculosis or diabetes.  This involved working populations who lived in unhealthy, overcrowded accommodation, often recent migrants.
<Rey_(Star_Wars)>	Rey is a character in the Star Wars franchise and the main protagonist of the sequel film trilogy. She was created by Lawrence Kasdan, J. J. Abrams, and Michael Arndt for The Force Awakens (2015), the first installment of the trilogy, and is primarily portrayed by Daisy Ridley. She also appears in the film's sequels, The Last Jedi (2017) and The Rise of Skywalker (2019), and related Star Wars media.Rey is introduced as a scavenger who was abandoned on the planet Jakku when she was a child. She becomes involved in the Resistance's conflict with the First Order. Powerfully Force-sensitive, Rey trains to be a Jedi under siblings Luke Skywalker and Leia Organa, and faces adversaries such as Kylo Ren, Supreme Leader Snoke and the resurrected Emperor Palpatine—who is revealed to be her grandfather in The Rise of Skywalker. Despite being enemies, Rey and Kylo Ren share a connection called a 'Force dyad' and eventually become romantically involved with one another. Following Palpatine's final defeat and her own resurrection, Rey adopts the name Rey Skywalker to honor her mentors and their family legacy and renounce her lineage. As the last remaining Jedi, she makes it her mission to rebuild the Jedi Order.
<University_of_San_Francisco>	The University of San Francisco (USF) is a private Jesuit university in San Francisco, California. The university's main campus is located on a 55-acre (22 ha) setting between the Golden Gate Bridge and Golden Gate Park. The main campus is nicknamed "The Hilltop" and is split into two sections. Part of the main campus is located on Lone Mountain, one of San Francisco's major geographical features. Its close historical ties with the City and County of San Francisco are reflected in the university's traditional motto, Pro Urbe et Universitate ('For the City and University').Founded by the Jesuits in 1855 as St. Ignatius Academy, USF started as a one-room schoolhouse along Market Street in what later became downtown San Francisco. Father Anthony Maraschi, S.J. (1820-1897) was the college's founder and  first president, a professor, the college's treasurer, and the first pastor of St. Ignatius Church. Under Maraschi, St. Ignatius Academy received its charter to issue college degrees on April 30, 1859, from the State of California, and signed by governor John B. Weller. In that year, the school changed its name to St. Ignatius College.The original curriculum included Greek, Spanish, Latin, English, French, Italian, algebra, arithmetic, history, geography, elocution, and bookkeeping.
<Sunil_Gangopadhyay>	Sunil Gangopadhyay or Sunil Ganguly (7 September 1934 – 23 October 2012) was an Indian poet, historian and novelist in the Bengali language based in the city of Kolkata. He is a former Sheriff of Calcutta. Gangopadhyay obtained his master's degree in Bengali from the University of Calcutta. In 1953 he and a few of his friends started a Bengali poetry magazine, Krittibas. Later he wrote for many different publications.Ganguly created the Bengali fictional character Kakababu  whose real name is Raja Roy Chowdhury and his passion is to solve mysteries. He wrote 36 novels in Kakababu series which became significant in Indian children's literature. He received Sahitya Akademi award in 1985 for his novel Those Days (Sei Samay). Gangopadhyay used the pen name Nil Lohit, Sanatan Pathak, and Nil Upadhyay. He was one of the most popular, creative and celebrated Bengali Writers of the present era.
<Melina_Mercouri>	Maria Amalia "Melina" Mercouri (Greek: Μαρία Αμαλία "Μελίνα" Μερκούρη, 18 October 1920 – 6 March 1994) was a Greek actress, singer, activist, and politician. She came from a political family that was prominent over multiple generations. She received an Academy Award nomination and won a Cannes Film Festival Best Actress Award for her performance in the film Never on Sunday (1960). Mercouri was also nominated for one Tony Award, three Golden Globes and two BAFTA Awards in her acting career. In 1987 she was awarded a special prize in the first edition of the Europe Theatre Prize.As a politician, she was a member of the PASOK and the Hellenic Parliament. In October 1981, Mercouri became the first female Minister of Culture and Sports. She was the longest-lived Minister of Culture in Greece - serving during the years 1981-89 and 1993 till her death in 1994, in all PASOK governments.
<Big_House,_Landshipping>	The Big House, also known as Landshipping House, is a historic house on the banks of the River Cleddau in Landshipping, Pembrokeshire, Wales.The house was originally built in 1750 and owned by the Owens of Orielton who were the Landshipping Coal Agents. It was constructed using stone and roof materials from an older, ruined inland mansion. This building would have been a simple rectangular design with an entrance facing south-west, before several alterations occurred. The final alterations occurred in 1830 by architect William Owen. Owen added a third storey to the western wing and moved the entrance to the North façade, between two bows that were added at the same time to look out over the River Cleddau. His design was inspired by Slebech Hall and Picton Castle. The house remained occupied until the late 1800s when it fell into disrepair and by 1890 it was a ruin.  However, the cottages at the rear remained lived in until the 1970s. In 1922 the Landshipping Estate, including Big House, was sold at auction.
<Simon_Monjack>	Simon Mark Monjack (9 March 1970 – 23 May 2010) was an English screenwriter, film director, producer and make-up artist. He was the husband of American actress Brittany Murphy.Monjack was born in Hillingdon, Middlesex, to a Jewish family. He grew up in Bourne End, Buckinghamshire. He attended Juniper Hill School, Flackwell Heath, then Royal Grammar School, High Wycombe. When he was 15, his father, William (1949–1986), died of a brain tumour in Oxfordshire. His mother Linda (née Hall) is a hypnotherapist.
<Stanford_White>	Stanford White (November 9, 1853 – June 25, 1906) was an American architect. He was also a partner in the architectural firm McKim, Mead & White, one of the most significant Beaux-Arts firms. He designed many houses for the rich, in addition to numerous civic, institutional, and religious buildings. His temporary Washington Square Arch was so popular that he was commissioned to design a permanent one. His design principles embodied the "American Renaissance".In 1906, White was shot and killed at the Madison Square Theatre by Harry Kendall Thaw, in front of a large audience during a musical theatre performance. Thaw was a wealthy but mentally unstable heir of a coal and railroad fortune who had become obsessed by White's alleged drugging, rape and subsequent relationship with his wife Evelyn Nesbit, which started when she was 16, four years before their marriage. She had married Thaw in 1905 and was a famous fashion model who was performing as an actress in the show. With the elements of a sex scandal among the wealthy and the public killing, the resulting sensational trial of Thaw was dubbed "The Trial of the Century" by contemporary reporters. Thaw was ultimately found not guilty by reason of insanity.
<Pete_Candoli>	Pete Candoli (born Walter Joseph Candoli; June 28, 1923 – January 11, 2008) was an American jazz trumpeter. He played with the big bands of Woody Herman and Stan Kenton and worked in the studios of the recording and television industries.A native of Mishawaka, Indiana, Pete Candoli was the older brother of Conte Candoli.During the 1940s he was a member of big bands led by Sonny Dunham, Will Bradley, Ray McKinley, Tommy Dorsey, Teddy Powell, Woody Herman, Boyd Raeburn, Tex Beneke, and Jerry Gray. For his ability to hit high notes on the trumpet he was given the nickname "Superman". While he was a member of Woody Herman's First Herd, he sometimes wore a Superman costume during his solo. In the 1950s he belonged to the bands of Stan Kenton and Les Brown and in Los Angeles began to work as a studio musician. His studio work included recording soundtracks for the movies Bell, Book and Candle, Private Hell 36, Day the World Ended, (1955), ('The S.F. Blues'), Peter Gunn, (on 38 epidodes, acting once), Save the Tiger, The Man with the Golden Arm, and The Prisoner of Second Avenue; appearing with The Tonight Show Band ;and acting in The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet, (1957); Kings Go Forth, (1958); Touch of Evil, (1958); 'Pete', in three episodes of Johnny Staccato,  (1958-'59); Porgy and Bess (film), (1959); as trumpet player 'Johnny', in 'The Hand', an episode of Alcoa Presents: One Step Beyond, (series 2, episode 15), 1959, (broadcast US, 15th. Dec); as the 'Spokesman', in one episode of The Untouchables (1959 TV series), (1959-'63); Monsanto Night Presents Michel Legrand, a 1972 tv. special, in which he played 'Mos Santos'; a bartender and trumpet player in the short film, 'Tarzana', (1978), (starring his then wife, Edie Adams); and as 'Sam Johnson', in one episode of Hotel (American TV series), (1983), among others. 
<Gale_Anne_Hurd>	Gale Anne Hurd (born October 25, 1955) is an American film and television producer, the founder of Valhalla Entertainment (formerly Pacific Western Productions), and a former recording secretary for the Producers Guild of America.Hurd was born in Los Angeles, the daughter of Lolita (née Espiau) and Frank E. Hurd, an investor. Her father was Jewish, and her mother was  Catholic. She grew up in Palm Springs, California and graduated from Palm Springs High School in 1973. She graduated from Stanford University with a BA in economics and communications, and a minor in political science, in 1977.
<Xavi_Moro>	Xavier 'Xavi' Moro León (born 22 May 1975) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central midfielder who is the manager of Thai League 1 club Ratchaburi.Born in Paris, France, to Spanish immigrants, Moro amassed Segunda División totals of 202 games and 11 goals over the course of eight seasons, representing in the competition FC Barcelona B, CD Badajoz and Lorca Deportiva CF. From January–June 2008 he played in the Superleague Greece, with Iraklis Thessaloniki FC.Xavi Moro spent 12 years at FC Barcelona since U9 to FC Barcelona B and some games with 1st Team, tallying 464 professional games in his 18 year career. He was coached by Johan Cruyff, Bobby Robson and Jose Mourinho and played with the likes of Ronaldo, Guardiola, Bakero, Figo and many more.
<Ken_Olsen>	Kenneth Harry "Ken" Olsen  (February 20, 1926 – February 6, 2011) was an American engineer who co-founded Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) in 1957 with colleague Harlan Anderson and his brother Stan Olsen.Kenneth Harry Olsen was born in Bridgeport, Connecticut and grew up in the neighboring town of Stratford, Connecticut. His father's parents came from Norway and his mother's parents from Sweden. Olsen began his career working summers in a machine shop. Fixing radios in his basement gave him the reputation of a neighborhood inventor.After serving in the United States Navy between 1944 and 1946, Olsen attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he earned both a BS (1950) and an MS (1952) degree in electrical engineering.
<Alfred_Y._Cho>	Alfred Yi Cho (Chinese: 卓以和; pinyin: Zhuó Yǐhé; born July 10, 1937) is a Chinese-American electrical engineer, inventor, and optical engineer. He is the Adjunct Vice President of Semiconductor Research at Alcatel-Lucent's Bell Labs.  He is known as the "father of molecular beam epitaxy"; a technique he developed at that facility in the late 1960s.  He is also the co-inventor, with Federico Capasso of quantum cascade lasers at Bell Labs in 1994.Cho was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering in (1985) for his pioneering development of a molecular beam epitaxy technique, leading to unique semiconductor layer device structures.Cho was born in Beiping. He went to Hong Kong in 1949 and had his secondary education in Pui Ching Middle School there. Cho holds B.S., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering from the University of Illinois. He joined Bell Labs in 1968. He is a member of the National Academy of Sciences and the National Academy of Engineering, as well as a Fellow of the American Physical Society, the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, the American Philosophical Society, and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
<Ariza_Makukula>	Ariza Makukula (born 4 March 1981) is a Portuguese former footballer who played as a centre forward.He only amassed Primeira Liga totals of 26 matches and nine goals over three seasons, spending the vast majority of his professional career abroad. He competed in Spain, England, Turkey, Greece and Thailand, being Süper Lig top scorer with Kayserispor.
<Seven_Men,_One_Woman>	Seven Men, One Woman (French: Sept hommes, une femme) is a 1936 French romantic comedy film directed by Yves Mirande and starring Fernand Gravey, Véra Korène and Pierre Larquey.The film's art direction was by René Renoux.
<CD_Tenerife>	Club Deportivo Tenerife, S.A.D. is a Spanish football club based in Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Tenerife, in the Canary Islands. Founded in 1912, the club plays in the Segunda División, holding home matches at the Estadio Heliodoro Rodríguez López, with a 22,824-seat capacity. The traditional home colours are white shirts and blue shorts.Tenerife has a history playing in the top flight of La Liga. They have been promoted to the top tier on four occasions, including a 10-year stint from 1989 to 1999. The club managed to finish as high as fifth in the league table on two occasions during that period, which qualified them for the first round of the UEFA Cup. They most recently played in La Liga in the 2009–10 season.
<Fujiko_Takimoto>	Fujiko Takimoto (瀧本 富士子, Takimoto Fujiko) is a Japanese voice actress from Osaka Prefecture, Japan. On February 2, 2014, she married fellow voice actor and her Mahoromatic co-star Hideki Ogihara.Unknown date
<Richard_Ravitch>	Richard Ravitch (born July 7, 1933) is an American politician and businessman who served as Lieutenant Governor of New York from 2009 to 2010. He was appointed to the position in July 2009 by New York Governor David Paterson. A native of New York City, he graduated from Yale Law School and has worked in his family's real estate development business, a number of government and government-appointed positions, including with the New York State Urban Development Corporation and Metropolitan Transportation Authority, and in private industry, including tenures as chairman of the Bowery Savings Bank and as the chief owner representative in labor negotiations for Major League Baseball.Ravitch was born July 7, 1933, to a Jewish family in Brooklyn, New York City, the son of Saul (d. 1952) and Sylvia (née Lerner, d. 1974) Ravitch. His father was a co-founder of HRH Construction Corporation, which eventually grew to have offices in New York, Los Angeles, Washington, DC, and Puerto Rico. The firm had begun building in Manhattan in the late nineteenth century, and by 1965 had built more than $1 billion worth of projects, including Columbia University Law School and New York University Hospital. Ravitch is a member of the third generation of the family to run the company.
<The_Aliens_(play)>	The Aliens is a play by Annie Baker. The play is set in Vermont, as are three of Baker's other plays, Body Awareness, Circle Mirror Transformation, and Nocturama. The Aliens premiered Off-Broadway in 2010 and won the Obie Award for Best New American Play, with Baker's Circle Mirror Transformation.The Aliens premiered Off-Broadway at the Rattlestick Playwrights Theater on April 22, 2010 and closed on May 23, 2010. Directed by Sam Gold, the cast featured Michael Chernus, Dane DeHaan and Erin Gann. The play had a reading in April 2009 at the play-reading series, Out Loud by Ars Nova.The play premiered in London at the Bush Theatre in September 2010.
<George_Stigler>	George Joseph Stigler (/ˈstɪɡlər/; January 17, 1911 – December 1, 1991) was an American economist. He was the 1982 laureate in Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences and is considered a key leader of the Chicago school of economics.Stigler was born in Seattle, Washington, the son of Elsie Elizabeth (Hungler) and Joseph Stigler. He was of German descent and spoke German in his childhood. He graduated from the University of Washington in 1931 with a BA and then spent a year at Northwestern University from which he obtained his MBA in 1932. It was during his studies at Northwestern that Stigler developed an interest in economics and decided on an academic career.After he received a tuition scholarship from the University of Chicago, Stigler enrolled there in 1933 to study economics and went on to earn his PhD in economics there in 1938. He taught at Iowa State College from 1936 to 1938. He spent much of World War II at Columbia University, performing mathematical and statistical research for the Manhattan Project. He then spent one year at Brown University. He served on the Columbia faculty from 1947 to 1958.
<Jena>	Jena (German pronunciation: [ˈjeːna] (listen)) is a German city and the second largest city in Thuringia. Together with the nearby cities of Erfurt and Weimar, it forms the central metropolitan area of Thuringia with approximately 500,000 inhabitants, while the city itself has a population of about 110,000. Jena is a centre of education and research; the Friedrich Schiller University was founded in 1558 and had 18,000 students in 2017 and the Ernst-Abbe-Fachhochschule Jena counts another 5,000 students. Furthermore, there are many institutes of the leading German research societies.Jena was first mentioned in 1182 and stayed a small town until the 19th century, when industry developed. For most of the 20th century, Jena was a world centre of the optical industry around companies like Carl Zeiss, Schott and Jenoptik (since 1990). As one of only a few medium-sized cities in Germany, it has some high-rise buildings in the city centre, like the JenTower. These also have their origin in the former Carl Zeiss factory. Between 1790 and 1850, Jena was a focal point of the German Vormärz as well as of the student liberal and unification movement and German Romanticism. Notable persons of this period in Jena were Friedrich Schiller, Alexander von Humboldt, Johann Gottlieb Fichte, Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, Novalis and August Wilhelm Schlegel.
<Banca_Adriatica>	Banca Adriatica S.p.A. trading as UBI Banca Adriatica and formerly known as Nuova Banca delle Marche S.p.A. was an Italian bank based in Jesi, Marche region. It has operations in several regions in central Italy, but concentrated in Marche region, which 73% of the branches were located in that region as of 2016. The bank was formed on 22 November 2015 by the spin off of the good assets of the original Banca delle Marche S.p.A..Banca delle Marche was formed in 1994 by the merger of the savings banks of Marche region. The bank faced capital shortfall and was nationalized by Italian National Resolution Fund in 2015 as Nuova Banca delle Marche, with toxic assets of the bank was spin off from the new legal person. The bank was bought by UBI Banca on 18 January 2017 for a nominal fee, renaming to Banca Adriatica. In the same year it was merged into UBI Banca.The history of the bank could be traded back to some savings banks in Marche region in the town of Jesi (found 1844), in the Province of Macerata (found in 1929 by a merger of savings banks of [old] C.R. Macerata (found 1846), C.R. Camerino (found 1844), C.R. Recanati (found 1867) and C.R. Tolentino (found 1873)) and in the town of Pesaro (found in 1841).
<Emmanuel_Duah>	Emmanuel Duah (born 14 November 1976) is a Ghanaian former professional footballer who played as a winger.Duah was born in Kumasi, Ghana. After his exploits at the 1991 FIFA U-17 World Championship, 15-year-old Duah was bought by Serie A club Torino FC, alongside teammates Mark Edusei, Mohammed Gargo and Samuel Kuffour. He never appeared officially for the Italians, and also had a very difficult time at his following team, Standard Liège in Belgium.
<Carrie_(2013_film)>	Carrie is a 2013 American supernatural horror film directed by Kimberly Peirce. It is the third film adaptation and a remake to the 1976 adaptation  of Stephen King's 1974 novel of the same name and the fourth film in the Carrie franchise. The film was produced by Kevin Misher, with a screenplay by Lawrence D. Cohen and Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa. The film stars Chloë Grace Moretz as the titular character Carrie White, alongside Julianne Moore as Margaret White. The cast also features Judy Greer, Portia Doubleday, Gabriella Wilde, Ansel Elgort and Alex Russell. The film is a modern re-imagining of King's novel about a shy girl outcast by her peers and sheltered by her deeply religious mother, who uses her telekinetic powers with devastating effect after falling victim to a cruel prank at her senior prom.The film held its world premiere at the Arclight Hollywood in Los Angeles on October 7, 2013, and was released in the United States by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Screen Gems on October 18. The film received mixed reviews, with critics calling it "unnecessary" and criticizing the lack of originality and scares, though they praised the modern updates and cast. It grossed $84 million worldwide at the box office.
<Adam_Eckersley>	Adam James Eckersley (born 7 September 1985) is an English former footballer who played primarily as a full-back. He is the older brother of fellow professional footballer Richard Eckersley.He started his career with Manchester United in 2004, but failed to break into the first team in his four years there and was loaned out to Royal Antwerp, Brøndby, Barnsley and Port Vale, before joining Port Vale permanently in 2008. Later that year, he transferred to Danish club AC Horsens. In 2010, he moved on to AGF Aarhus. He won the Danish 1st Division championship with both clubs, in 2009–10 and then in 2010–11.
<Trenton,_New_Jersey>	Trenton is the capital city of the U.S. state of New Jersey and the county seat of Mercer County. It was the capital of the United States from November 1 to December 24, 1784. The city's metropolitan area, consisting of Mercer County, is grouped with the New York Combined Statistical Area by the United States Census Bureau, but it directly borders the Philadelphia metropolitan area and was from 1990 until 2000 part of the Philadelphia Combined Statistical Area. As of the 2020 U.S. census, Trenton had a population of 90,871, making it the state's 10th-largest municipality.Trenton dates back at least to June 3, 1719, when mention was made of a constable being appointed for Trenton while the area was still part of Hunterdon County. Boundaries were recorded for Trenton Township as of March 2, 1720. A courthouse and jail were constructed in Trenton around 1720, and the Freeholders of Hunterdon County met annually in Trenton.
<Gabrielle_Beaumont>	Gabrielle Beaumont (7 April 1942 – 8 October 2022) was a British film and television director.Her directing credits range from Hill Street Blues to Star Trek: The Next Generation. She became the first woman to direct an episode of Star Trek, with the episode "Booby Trap".Beaumont was best known for directing, writing and producing the television special Diana: A Tribute to the People's Princess. She and writer/actor Olaf Pooley both contributed to a film version of Bernard Taylor's The Godsend. Pooley wrote the screenplay for the film while Beaumont directed it.
<Lewisham>	Lewisham (/ˈluːɪʃəm/) is an area of southeast London, England, 5.9 miles (9.5 km) south of Charing Cross. It is the principal area of the London Borough of Lewisham, and was within the historic county of Kent until 1889. It is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London, with a large shopping centre and street market.Lewisham was a small village until the development of passenger railways in the 19th century. Lewisham had a population of 60,573 in 2011.
<Hapoel_Tel_Aviv_F.C.>	Hapoel Tel Aviv Football Club (Hebrew: מועדון כדורגל הפועל תל אביב, Moadon Kaduregel Hapoel Tel Aviv) is an Israeli football club based in Tel Aviv that competes in the Israeli Premier League. The club's traditional home ground is Bloomfield Stadium. To date, the club has won 13 championships and 16 State Cups. In 1967, Hapoel Tel Aviv became the first club to win the Asian Champion Club Tournament.Since 1995, the club has competed in European club competitions, and has the highest rank among all Israeli clubs, with some outstanding achievements, such as wins against Chelsea, Milan, Hamburg, Paris Saint-Germain, Benfica, Rangers, and Celtic. It is also one of only three Israeli teams to have qualified for the UEFA Champions League group stage, and one of the two that are ordinary members of the European Club Association.
<The_Mystery_of_the_Grail>	Giulio Cesare Andrea "Julius" Evola (Italian: [ˈɛːvola]; 19 May 1898 – 11 June 1974) was an Italian philosopher, poet, painter, esotericist, and radical-right ideologue. Evola regarded his values as aristocratic, masculine, traditionalist, heroic, and defiantly reactionary. An eccentric thinker in Fascist Italy, he also had ties to Nazi Germany; in the post-war era, he was known as an ideological mentor of the Italian neo-fascist and militant right.Evola was born in Rome. He served as an artillery officer in the First World War. He became a Dada artist but gave up painting in his twenties. He said he considered suicide until he had a revelation while reading a Buddhist text. In the 1920s he delved into the occult; he wrote on Western esotericism and of Eastern mysticism, developing his doctrine of "magical idealism".His writings blend various ideas of German idealism, Eastern doctrines, traditionalism and the interwar Conservative Revolution, with themes such as Hermeticism, the metaphysics of war and sex, Tantra, Buddhism, Taoism, mountaineering, the Holy Grail, civilisations, and decadence. Evola believed that mankind is living in the Kali Yuga, a Dark Age of unleashed materialistic appetites. To counter this and call in a primordial rebirth, Evola presented his "world of Tradition". According to scholar Franco Ferraresi, Evola’s thought can be considered one of the most consistently "antiegalitarian, antiliberal, antidemocratic, and antipopular systems in the twentieth century". Various writings by Evola are noted for their misogyny, racism, antisemitism, and attacks on Christianity and the Catholic Church.
<Ross_Alexander>	Ross Alexander (born Alexander Ross Smith; July 27, 1907 – January 2, 1937) was an American stage and film actor.Alexander was born Alexander Ross Smith in Brooklyn, New York, the son of Maud Adelle (née  Cohen) and Alexander Ross Smith. His maternal great-grandfather Morris Cohen was a Polish Jewish immigrant. His father was a leather merchant.[citation needed]
<Thomas_Christiansen>	Thomas Christiansen Tarín (born 11 March 1973) is a former footballer who played as a striker, currently the manager of Panama.Left-footed, he played for a number of clubs in Danish, Spanish and German football over a 15-year professional career, being crowned the top goalscorer of the 2002–03 Bundesliga whilst with Bochum. Born in Denmark, he represented the Spain national team.
<Tommy_Flanagan>	Thomas Lee Flanagan (March 16, 1930 – November 16, 2001) was an American jazz pianist and composer. He grew up in Detroit, initially influenced by such pianists as Art Tatum, Teddy Wilson, and Nat King Cole, and then by bebop musicians. Within months of moving to New York in 1956, he had recorded with Miles Davis and on Sonny Rollins' album Saxophone Colossus. Recordings under various leaders, including  Giant Steps of John Coltrane, continued well into 1962, when he became vocalist Ella Fitzgerald's full-time accompanist. He worked with Fitzgerald for three years until 1965, and then in 1968 returned to be her pianist and musical director, this time for a decade.After leaving Fitzgerald in 1978, Flanagan attracted praise for the elegance of his playing, which was principally in trio settings when under his own leadership. In his 45-year recording career, he recorded more than three dozen albums under his own name and more than 200 as a sideman. By the time of his death, he was one of the most widely admired jazz pianists and had influenced both his contemporaries and later generations of players.
<Milwaukee>	Milwaukee (/mɪlˈwɔːki/ mil-WAW-kee), officially the City of Milwaukee, is both the most populous and most densely populated city in the U.S. state of Wisconsin and the county seat of Milwaukee County. With a population of 577,222 at the 2020 census, Milwaukee is the 31st largest city in the United States, the fifth-largest city in the Midwestern United States, and the second largest city on Lake Michigan's shore behind Chicago. It is the main cultural and economic center of the Milwaukee metropolitan area, the fourth-most densely populated metropolitan area in the Midwest. Milwaukee is considered a global city, categorized as "Gamma minus" by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network, with a regional GDP of over $102 billion in 2020.
<Robert_Guédiguian>	Robert Jules Guédiguian (born 3 December 1953) is a French film director, screenwriter, producer and actor. Most of his films star Ariane Ascaride and Jean-Pierre Darroussin.Guédiguian is the son of a German mother and an Armenian father, whose family immigrated to France in the early 20th century after the Armenian genocide. He evokes his paternal roots in his 2006 film Le Voyage en Armenie. He has a working-class background, as his father is a worker on the Marseille docks. Guédiguian became concerned with political questions and for a while was involved with the French Communist Party. In 2008 he joined the Left Party in France.Like Marcel Pagnol and René Allio before him, he anchors his films in social reality. His films are strongly marked by the local and regional environment of the city of Marseille, and in particular L'Estaque (north-west Marseille), for example in Marius et Jeannette. His 2011 film The Snows of Kilimanjaro premiered in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival.
<Irving_Langmuir>	Irving Langmuir (/ˈlæŋmjʊər/; January 31, 1881 – August 16, 1957) was an American chemist, physicist, and engineer. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1932 for his work in surface chemistry.Langmuir's most famous publication is the 1919 article "The Arrangement of Electrons in Atoms and Molecules" in which, building on Gilbert N. Lewis's cubical atom theory and Walther Kossel's chemical bonding theory, he outlined his "concentric theory of atomic structure". Langmuir became embroiled in a priority dispute with Lewis over this work; Langmuir's presentation skills were largely responsible for the popularization of the theory, although the credit for the theory itself belongs mostly to Lewis. While at General Electric from 1909 to 1950, Langmuir advanced several fields of physics and chemistry, inventing the gas-filled incandescent lamp and the hydrogen welding technique. The Langmuir Laboratory for Atmospheric Research near Socorro, New Mexico, was named in his honor, as was the American Chemical Society journal for surface science called Langmuir.
<Ye_Xin_(writer)>	Ye Xin (born Ye Chengxi on 16 October 1949) is a Chinese writer who has written profusely about "sent-down youths" (also known as "educated youths"), drawing from his own experience. A Shanghai native, Ye Xin "volunteered" to receive his "rustication" in remote Guizhou in 1969, where he spent 2 decades of his life. He has written over 20 novels, but is best known for writing the teleplay of mega-hit series Sinful Debt (1995), based on his 1992 novel Educated Youth.Ye has been vice-chairman of China Writers Association since 1997, and president of Shanghai University College of Liberal Arts from 1997 to 2014.Ye Chengxi was born in Shanghai. Since his parents owned land before the Chinese Communist Revolution, the family was classified a member of the "Five Black Categories" and raided during the Cultural Revolution. Ye graduated from high school in 1966, and was "sent down" to work in Chongming Island (a rural island under the jurisdiction of Shanghai) in 1968 as part of the Down to the Countryside Movement. A year later, Ye and his younger sister arrived in Xiuwen County, Guizhou (2000 km away from Shanghai), where he noticed "life was worse than [he] imagined."
<Milwaukee_Badgers>	The Milwaukee Badgers was a professional American football team, based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, that played in the National Football League from 1922 to 1926. The team played its home games at Athletic Park, later known as Borchert Field, on Milwaukee's north side. The team was notable for having many African-American players for the time.After the team folded following the 1926 season (largely due to being left broke because of a $500 fine by the NFL for using four high-school players in a 1925 game against the Chicago Cardinals, a game arranged after the Badgers had disbanded for the season), many of its members played for the independent semi-pro Milwaukee Eagles. Some of the players from this team went on to play for the NFL's Pittsburgh Pirates in 1933. This has led some to mistakenly believe that either the Badgers or Eagles became the Pittsburgh Steelers.The Milwaukee market is now claimed by the Green Bay Packers, who played three or four regular season games there from 1933 to 1994, including the 1939 NFL Championship Game. The Packers still reserve two games a season for their old Milwaukee season ticket holders,  and have their flagship radio station, WRNW, there as well.
<The_Happening_(2008_film)>	The Happening is a 2008 thriller film written, directed, and produced by M. Night Shyamalan. It stars Mark Wahlberg, Zooey Deschanel, John Leguizamo, and Betty Buckley and revolves around an inexplicable natural disaster causing mass suicides. The film premiered in New York City on June 10, 2008, and was theatrically released in the United States by 20th Century Fox on June 13. It was panned by critics and grossed $163 million worldwide.In New York City's Central Park, people begin committing mass suicide. The event is believed to be caused by a bio-terrorist attack using an airborne neurotoxin. The behavior quickly spreads across the Northeastern United States. High school science teacher Elliot Moore and his wife Alma are convinced by Elliot's mathematician colleague Julian to accompany him and his daughter Jess on a train out of Philadelphia. During the trip, the group learns that Boston and Philadelphia have been affected. The train loses all radio contact and stops at a small town. When Julian learns that his wife has left Boston for Princeton, he decides to look for her and entrusts Jess to the Moores. However, Julian arrives to find Princeton has been affected, causing the driver in the car he is riding in to ram into a tree. He survives but commits suicide by slitting his wrist.
<Edgar_Rosenberg>	Edgar Rosenberg (September 21, 1925 – August 14, 1987) was a German-born British film and television producer based in the U.S.Edgar Rosenberg was born to Jewish parents in Bremerhaven in 1925. When he was a small boy, his family emigrated from Germany to Denmark and then South Africa to escape the Nazis. He was educated in England at Rugby School and Cambridge University.Rosenberg moved to the United States as a young man and rose to become an assistant to Emanuel Sacks, vice president of entertainment at NBC, but was fired during a year of recovery from a traffic accident and had to work as a night clerk in a bookstore. In the 1960s, he worked for the public relations firm run by Anna M. Rosenberg (to whom he was not related) and was a valued news source for journalists.
<Fort_Worth,_Texas>	Fort Worth is the fifth-largest city in the U.S. state of Texas and the 13th-largest city in the United States. It is the county seat of Tarrant County, covering nearly 350 square miles (910 km2) into four other counties: Denton, Johnson, Parker, and Wise. According to a 2022 United States census estimate, Fort Worth's population was  958,692. Fort Worth is the second-largest city in the Dallas–Fort Worth–Arlington metropolitan area, which is the fourth most populous metropolitan area in the United States.The city of Fort Worth was established in 1849 as an army outpost on a bluff overlooking the Trinity River. Fort Worth has historically been a center of the Texas Longhorn cattle trade. It still embraces its Western heritage and traditional architecture and design. USS Fort Worth (LCS-3) is the first ship of the United States Navy named after the city. Nearby Dallas has held a population majority as long as records have been kept, yet Fort Worth has become one of the fastest-growing cities in the United States at the beginning of the 21st century, nearly doubling its population since 2000.
<Robin_Dunne>	Robin Dunne (born November 19, 1976) is a Canadian actor who has had numerous leading roles in sequels throughout his career, but is perhaps best known for his role as Doctor Will Zimmerman in the science fiction television series Sanctuary.Robin Dunne was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada and attended the Etobicoke School of the Arts. Robin Dunne's mother is a native of Dublin in the Republic of Ireland. 
<Djuna_Barnes>	Djuna Barnes (/ˈdʒuːnɑː/, June 12, 1892 – June 18, 1982) was an American artist, illustrator, journalist, and writer who is perhaps best known for her novel Nightwood (1936), a cult classic of lesbian fiction and an important work of modernist literature.In 1913, Barnes began her career as a freelance journalist and illustrator for the Brooklyn Daily Eagle. By early 1914, Barnes was a highly sought feature reporter, interviewer, and illustrator whose work appeared in the city's leading newspapers and periodicals. Later, Barnes's talent and connections with prominent Greenwich Village bohemians afforded her the opportunity to publish her prose, poems, illustrations, and one-act plays in both avant-garde literary journals and popular magazines, and publish an illustrated volume of poetry, The Book of Repulsive Women (1915).
<Alexandria,_Virginia>	Alexandria is an independent city in the northern region of the Commonwealth of Virginia, United States. It lies on the western bank of the Potomac River approximately 7 miles (11 km) south of downtown Washington, D.C.In 2020, the population was 159,467. The city's estimated population has grown by 1% annually since 2010 on average.
<John_Michael_McDonagh>	John Michael McDonagh (born 7 November 1967) is a screenwriter and film director with Irish and British nationality. He wrote and directed The Guard (2011) and Calvary (2014), both films starring Brendan Gleeson, receiving a BAFTA Award nomination for the former. He was born in London in 1967. He is the older brother of playwright and filmmaker Martin McDonagh.McDonagh was born in London in 1967. He was raised in England with his younger brother, playwright and filmmaker Martin McDonagh, although they spent their summers in his mother's Irish hometown of Easky, County Sligo, which was the setting for Calvary. Like his brother, McDonagh dropped out of secondary school, and ended up unemployed. He pursued a career as a writer and, after writing several unpublished novels, decided to try writing for film. 
<Debra_Elmegreen>	Debra Meloy Elmegreen (born November 23, 1952 in South Bend, Indiana) is an American astronomer. She was the first woman to graduate from Princeton University with a degree in astrophysics, and she was the first female post-doctoral researcher at the Carnegie Observatories.Since 1985, she has been a professor of astronomy at Vassar College, currently on the endowed Maria Mitchell Chair. She wrote an astronomy textbook published by Prentice Hall in 1997. She served as president of the American Astronomical Society from 2010-2012. On August 30, 2018 was named President-elect of the International Astronomical Union (IAU) at the group’s 30th triennial General Assembly in Vienna, Austria and became IAU President in 2021.Elmegreen was born in South Bend, Indiana in 1952. She became interested in astronomy at a young age. She received her bachelor's degree in astrophysics from the Princeton University in 1975, where she was the first woman to graduate with an astrophysics major. She earned both her Masters and Ph.D from Harvard University in astronomy. In 1976 she married Bruce Elmegreen, an astronomer.
<John_N._Maclean>	John Norman Maclean is a journalist and author who has written five books on fatal wildland fires and a memoir, Home Waters: A Chronicle of Family and a River (June 2021, published by HarperCollins). He is the son of Norman Maclean, author of A River Runs Through It and Young Men and Fire, and grandson of the minister John Norman Maclean.John N. Maclean was born in Chicago, Illinois, in 1943, the second of two children. He graduated from Shimer College in Mt. Carroll, Illinois.Maclean began his career in journalism in 1964 as a police reporter with the City News Bureau of Chicago. He went to work for the Chicago Tribune the following year. He married Frances Ellen McGeachie in 1968; they have two sons -- Daniel, a science teacher in Anchorage, Alaska, and John Fitzroy, a public defender for the state of Maryland.
<Lorca_Deportiva_CF>	Lorca Deportiva Club de Fútbol, S.A.D. was a Spanish football club in Lorca, in the autonomous community of Murcia. Founded in 2002 it was dissolved ten years later, and held home matches at Estadio Francisco Artés Carrasco, which seats 8,000.Lorca Deportiva was founded in 2002, right after the defunction of Lorca Club de Fútbol which had been born eight years earlier. The new club started in the fourth division after acquiring the place of CD Balsicas, and was promoted to the third level at the first attempt.As rookies in the third tier, Lorca qualified for the play-offs after occupying the second place in the regular season. Next season the team finished fourth, but this time managed to promote to the division two: with Unai Emery – who later managed Paris Saint-Germain and Arsenal F.C. – in the position of manager, it narrowly missed on a new promotion, finishing just five points behind last La Liga promotee Levante UD.
<Seibu_Railway>	Seibu Railway Company, Ltd. (西武鉄道株式会社, Seibu Tetsudō Kabushiki-gaisha) is a conglomerate based in Tokorozawa, Saitama, Japan, with principal business areas in railways, tourism, and real estate. Seibu Railway's operations are concentrated in northwest Tokyo and Saitama Prefecture; the name "Seibu" is an abbreviation of "west Musashi", referring to the historic name for this area. It and its holding company hold shares of numerous bus, hotel and tourism operations nationwide."Seibu Railway" was originally the name of a tram service between Shinjuku and Ogikubo, which was transferred to the Tokyo metropolitan government in 1951 and eventually closed in 1962. The Seibu Railway was acquired in 1921 by the Kawagoe Railway, which had operated a train service between Kokubunji and Kawagoe since 1894; the merged company kept the "Seibu" name and expanded its main line to Takadanobaba, forming what is now known as the Seibu Shinjuku Line.The current Seibu Railway is a product of a 1945 merger between the former Seibu Railway and the Musashino Railway, which was founded in 1912 to operate what is now known as the Seibu Ikebukuro Line. The merger was largely orchestrated by Yasujirō Tsutsumi, a real estate developer who opened the Tamako Railway (now the Seibu Tamako Line) in 1928, became a major shareholder in the Musashino Railway and merged the two in 1940.
<Thandie_Newton>	Melanie Thandiwe Newton OBE (/ˈtændiːweɪ/ TAN-dee-way; born 6 November 1972), formerly credited as Thandie Newton, is a British actress. Newton has received various awards, including a Primetime Emmy Award and a British Academy Film Award, in addition to nominations for two Golden Globe Awards. She was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2019 New Year Honours for services to film and charity.Newton is known for starring roles such as the title character in Beloved (1998), Nyah Nordoff-Hall in Mission: Impossible 2 (2000), Tiffany in Shade (2003), Dame Vaako in The Chronicles of Riddick (2004), Christine in Crash (2004), for which she received a BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role, Linda in The Pursuit of Happyness (2006), Libby in Run Fatboy Run (2007), Stella in RockNRolla (2008), Condoleezza Rice in W. (2008), Laura Wilson in 2012 (2009), Tangie Adrose in For Colored Girls (2010), and Val in Solo: A Star Wars Story (2018).
<Frank_Grillo>	Frank Anthony Grillo (born June 8, 1965) is an American actor and martial artist. He played Brock Rumlow in the Marvel Cinematic Universe films Captain America: The Winter Soldier (2014), Captain America: Civil War (2016), Avengers: Endgame (2019), and animated series What If...? (2021). He had his first leading role in the action-horror film The Purge: Anarchy (2014), portraying Sergeant Leo Barnes, a role he reprised in The Purge: Election Year (2016), and has also appeared in Warrior (2011), The Grey (2012), End of Watch (2012), Zero Dark Thirty (2012),  Wolf Warrior 2 and Wheelman (both 2017), and Boss Level (2021). Grillo's television work includes the lead role in Kingdom (2014–2017) and recurring roles in Battery Park (2000), For the People (2002–2003), The Shield (2002–2003), Prison Break (2005–2006), Blind Justice (2005), The Kill Point (2007) and Billions (2020).Grillo was born in New York City to a working-class Italian-American family of Calabrian origin. He was raised in the Bronx and in Rockland County, New York. Grillo began wrestling at eight years old, and took up boxing at eighteen. In 1991, he started practicing Brazilian jiu-jitsu, in which he has studied under Rickson Gracie and holds a brown belt. Grillo graduated from New York University with a business degree and spent a year on Wall Street before being asked to do a Miller Genuine Draft beer commercial. On the podcast The Fighter and the Kid, he stated that he holds Italian citizenship.
<Associated_Press_College_Basketball_Coach_of_the_Year>	The Associated Press College Basketball Coach of the Year award was established in 1967 to recognize the best men's college basketball coach of the year, as voted upon by the Associated Press (AP). A parallel award for women's coaches was added in 1995. The 2011 women's award, shared by three coaches, was notable as the first shared AP award in any college sport.John Wooden of UCLA and Bob Knight of Indiana have won the most awards on the men's side with five and three, respectively. Among active men's coaches only Tony Bennett of Virginia (and Washington State) and Bill Self of Kansas have won the award more than once; both of them winning the award twice and at both programs they have coached. Geno Auriemma of Connecticut has by far the most awards, with nine on the women's side, followed by Muffet McGraw of Notre Dame with four. Tom and Keno Davis are the only father-and-son duo to win the award.Schools are referred to in these listings by their current athletic brand names, even though they may not be historically accurate for the season of a given award. The only school affected by this is UConn, which used "Connecticut" as its official athletic brand before 2013–14 (although it widely used "UConn" before then).
<Gilberto_Kassab>	Gilberto Kassab (Portuguese pronunciation: [ʒiwˈbɛɾtʊ kaˈsab(ɪ)] or [ʒiwˈbɛʁtu kaˈsab(i)]; born 12 August 1960) is a Brazilian politician and former mayor of São Paulo. His term ended in 2012. A civil engineer and economist, one of the most famous Brazilians of Syrian descent, Kassab took over from José Serra, after Serra decided to run for governor of São Paulo.He belongs to the Syrian community of São Paulo, and is a member of the Partido Social Democrático (PSD). He is mentioned in 2017 among the beneficiaries of bribes from the multinational JBS.[citation needed]The advertising industry criticized the city of São Paulo administration for the Cidade Limpa law, which prohibits all forms of external media and visual pollution such as billboards. Ad companies tried to keep the billboards in the streets with injunctions, but the supreme court determined the law to be constitutional. At any rate, support for the initiative from the public continues to be widespread.
<@WalmartLabs>	Walmart Labs (formerly named Kosmix and @WalmartLabs) became part of Walmart Global Tech, the technology and business services organization within Walmart. Venky Harinarayan and Anand Rajaraman founded Kosmix in 2005. In April 2011, Walmart acquired Kosmix and formed @WalmartLabs, a research division, out of it. In 2016, Walmart combined Walmart Labs and its information systems division (ISD) into one team called Walmart Technology. In August 2020, Walmart Technology launched its new identity as Walmart Global Tech as part of a new technology and shared services organization within the world's largest retailer.Harinarayan and Rajaraman were co-founders of Junglee, the first shopping search engine which was acquired by Amazon.com in 1998. They later created Amazon.com's Mechanical Turk and started an early-stage VC fund, Cambrian Ventures, that backed several companies later acquired by Google.Kosmix expanded its focus from vertical to a horizontal search engine in June 2008, covering all subjects. For a key word or topic that a user enters, "Kosmix gathers content from across the Web to build a sort of multimedia encyclopedia entry on the fly. The company has built a taxonomy of nearly five million categories on a wide range of topics. The taxonomy includes millions of connections mapping the relationship among those categories."
<The_Obstacle_Is_the_Way>	The Obstacle Is the Way: The Timeless Art of Turning Trials into Triumph is the third book by author Ryan Holiday. It was published in 2014. It is a book which offers individuals a framework to flip obstacles into opportunities, an approach crafted by Holiday. It was inspired by the philosophy of stoicism.The title of the book is drawn from a quote from Meditations, a series of personal writings by Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius: “The impediment to action advances action. What stands in the way becomes the way.” Holiday draws from Meditations, Aurelius, and the philosophy of stoicism to expand the central theme of the book, which is that how we respond to obstacles is what defines us. Holiday argues that if an individual learns the framework to flip obstacles into success (as many individuals with different types of successes have done so), he or she create can actually be better for it.In The Obstacle Is The Way, the framework that Holiday offers is composed of three disciplines: perception, action and will. As he explains this framework, Holiday supplements each section with historical anecdotes and figures from politics, commerce, sports, and history including Theodore Roosevelt, Demosthenes, John D Rockefeller, Amelia Earhart, Laura Ingalls Wilder, Ulysses S. Grant, Barack Obama, Steve Jobs, among others.
<Antonio_de_Nebrija>	Antonio de Nebrija (1444 – 5 July 1522) was the most influential Spanish humanist of his era. He wrote poetry, commented on literary works, and encouraged the study of classical languages and literature, but his most important contributions were in the fields of grammar and lexicography. Nebrija was the author of the Spanish Grammar (Gramática de la lengua castellana, 1492) and the first dictionary of the Spanish language (1495). His grammar is the first published grammar study of any modern European language. His chief works were published and republished many times during and after his life and his scholarship had a great influence for more than a century, both in Spain and in the expanding Spanish Empire.Nebrija was baptized Antonio Martínez de Cala. In typical Renaissance humanist fashion, he Latinized his name as Aelius Antonius Nebrissensis (or Elio Antonio de Nebrija in Spanish) by taking Aelius from the Roman inscriptions of his native Lebrija, known in Roman times as Nebrissa Veneria. He was also known as Antonio de Lebrija, Antonius Nebrissensis, and Antonio de Lebrixa.
<Beto_(footballer,_born_1982)>	António Alberto Bastos Pimparel (born 1 May 1982), known as Beto, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.He made a name for himself at Leixões before transferring to Porto in 2009, being a backup during his spell. After one season in Romania with CFR Cluj he joined Sevilla in January 2013, going on appear in 89 competitive matches and win two Europa League trophies. He also spent three years in the Turkish Süper Lig with Göztepe, after signing in 2017.
<Carles_Coto>	Carles Coto Pagès (born 11 February 1988) is a Spanish footballer who plays for FC Santa Coloma as a right winger.Born in Figueres, Girona, Catalonia, Coto arrived in FC Barcelona's youth system in 2001 at the age of 13, from local UE Figueres. While at Barcelona, he featured in Nike's 2005 “Recuerda mi nombre” (“Remember my name”) advertisement alongside fellow La Masia prospect Lionel Messi. He then moved to R.E. Mouscron in Belgium, being released after one season.Coto returned to his country in the summer of 2008, playing with Sevilla Atlético in Segunda División and Benidorm CF in Segunda División B, suffering relegation with the former. In early July 2010, even though he still had one year of contract with the Valencian Community club, he changed teams and countries again, signing for Anorthosis Famagusta FC in Cyprus, managed by his former Barcelona youth coach Guillermo Ángel Hoyos.
<Peter_Pan>	Peter Pan is a fictional character created by Scottish novelist and playwright J. M. Barrie. A free-spirited and mischievous young boy who can fly and never grows up, Peter Pan spends his never-ending childhood having adventures on the mythical island of Neverland as the leader of the Lost Boys, interacting with fairies, pirates, mermaids, Native Americans, and occasionally ordinary children from the world outside Neverland.Peter Pan has become a cultural icon symbolizing youthful innocence and escapism. In addition to two distinct works by Barrie, The Little White Bird (1902, with chapters 13–18 published in Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens in 1906), and the West End stage play Peter Pan; or, the Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up (1904, which expanded into the 1911 novel Peter and Wendy), the character has been featured in a variety of media and merchandise, both adapting and expanding on Barrie's works. These include the 1924 silent film, 1953 Disney animated film, a 2003 dramatic/live-action film, a television series and many other works.
<RxList>	RxList is an online medical resource of US prescription medications providing full prescribing information and patient education. It was founded in 1995 by Neil Sandow, Pharm.D..RxList is an owned and operated site in the WebMD Consumer Network  and was acquired by WebMD in December 2004.RxList provides content written by pharmacists and physicians and data provided by credible sources like the FDA, Cerner Multum, and First Data Bank, Inc. RxList, as part of the WebMD Consumer Network, adheres to the same privacy policy as WebMD.com and is certified by TRUSTe .
<New_England_Patriots>	American Football League (1960–1969)National Football League (1970–present)
<Forest_Green_Rovers_F.C.>	Forest Green Rovers Football Club are a professional football club based in Nailsworth, Gloucestershire, England. The team compete in EFL League One, the third tier of the English football league system, and have played their home games at The New Lawn since 2006, when they moved from their original home at The Lawn Ground.Formed in October 1889, the club became founder members of the Mid Gloucestershire League five years later. Competing in various local league competitions for much of the 20th century, they won a multitude of league titles: the Dursley & District League (1902–03), the Stroud and District Football League (1911–12 and 1920–21), the Stroud Premier League (1934–35, 1935–36 and 1936–37), the North Gloucestershire League (1920–21 and 1921–22), and the Gloucestershire Northern Senior League (1937–38, 1949–50 and 1950–51). They became founder members of the Gloucestershire County League in 1968, before they were moved up to the Premier Division of the Hellenic League seven years later.
<CBS_Corporation>	The second incarnation of CBS Corporation (the first being a short-lived rename of the Westinghouse Electric Corporation) was an American multinational media conglomerate with interests primarily in commercial broadcasting, publishing, and television production. It was one of the two companies formed from the December 31, 2005 spin-off of the Viacom assets of the original Viacom, as founded by Ralph Baruch in 1952 as CBS Television Film Sales. It was one of two companies which succeeded the original incarnation of Viacom, alongside the second incarnation of Viacom; both were controlled by National Amusements, a theater company controlled by billionaire Sumner Redstone. The spin-off was structured so that CBS Corporation would be the legal successor to the first Viacom, with the second Viacom being an entirely separated company.CBS Corporation comprised the over-the-air television (CBS and The CW) broadcasting, television production and distribution, publishing, pay-cable, and recording assets that were previously owned by the first Viacom. It was the world's eighth largest entertainment company in terms of revenue, and headquartered at the CBS Building in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.
<Pierre_Curie>	Pioneering research on radioactivityDiscovering polonium and radiumPierre Curie (/ˈkjʊəri/ KURE-ee, French: [pjɛʁ kyʁi]; 15 May 1859 – 19 April 1906) was a French physicist, a pioneer in crystallography, magnetism, piezoelectricity, and radioactivity. In 1903, he received the Nobel Prize in Physics with his wife, Marie Curie, and Henri Becquerel, "in recognition of the extraordinary services they have rendered by their joint researches on the radiation phenomena discovered by Professor Henri Becquerel". With their win, the Curies became the first ever married couple to win the Nobel Prize, launching the Curie family legacy of five Nobel Prizes.
<Dudu_Biton>	Dudu Biton  (Hebrew: דודו ביטון; born 1 March 1988) is an Israeli footballer who plays as a striker for Maccabi Petah Tikva.Biton played in the youth clubs of Beitar Nes Tubruk and Maccabi Haifa. He made his debut for Maccabi Haifa in Ligat ha'Al on 12 May 2006 in the last league fixture against Bnei Sakhnin, becoming a league champion. This was his only appearance for the senior team and during 2006–07 season he returned to Beitar Nes Tubruk.Later he played for Maccabi Tel Aviv for one season before signing in Hapoel Ra'anana from Liga Leumit, where he took part of their historic promotion to Ligat ha'Al, their first since the club inception. On 16 July 2010, after two seasons with Hapoel Ra'anana, Biton signing in Hapoel Petah Tikva, just five days later he scored his first goal for Hapoel Petah Tikva in their loss against Hapoel Ashkelon.
<Kraków>	Kraków (Polish: [ˈkrakuf] (listen)), or Cracow, is the second-largest and one of the oldest cities in Poland. Situated on the Vistula River in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, the city dates back to the seventh century. Kraków was the official capital of Poland until 1596 and has traditionally been one of the leading centres of Polish academic, economic, cultural and artistic life. Cited as one of Europe's most beautiful cities, its Old Town with Wawel Royal Castle was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1978, one of the first 12 sites granted the status.The city has grown from a Stone Age settlement to Poland's second-most-important city. It began as a hamlet on Wawel Hill and was reported by Ibrahim Ibn Yakoub, a merchant from Cordoba, as a busy trading centre of Central Europe in 985. With the establishment of new universities and cultural venues at the emergence of the Second Polish Republic in 1918 and throughout the 20th century, Kraków reaffirmed its role as a major national academic and artistic centre. As of 2022, the city has a population of 800,653, with approximately 8 million additional people living within a 100 km (62 mi) radius of its main square.
<Harm_Lagaay>	Harm Lagaay (born Harm Lagaaij, 28 December 1946, The Hague) is a Dutch automobile designer. Educated in the Netherlands he completed the studies at the IVA and went to work for a Dutch company Olyslager in Soest.In the late 1960s, Lagaay went to work for Simca, then from 1971 for Porsche. He worked in the team designing the Porsche 911 and designed the Porsche 924. From 1977, Lagaay worked as Chief of Design for Ford in Cologne, and moved to BMW in 1985.
<David_Worth_Clark>	David Worth Clark, aka D. Worth Clark (April 2, 1902 – June 19, 1955), was a Democratic congressman and United States Senator from Idaho, its  first U.S. Senator born in the state.According to the Idaho State Historical Society, Clark attended public schools in Idaho Falls and graduated from Idaho Falls High School. He attended Columbia University in Portland, Oregon, and the University of Notre Dame in South Bend, Indiana, where he earned a bachelor's degree in 1922.Clark graduated from Harvard Law School in 1925 and was admitted to the bar that year. He commenced practice in Idaho at Pocatello, and was the state's assistant attorney general from 1933 to 1935.
<Adelphia_Communications_Corporation>	Adelphia Communications Corporation was an American cable television company with headquarters in Coudersport, Pennsylvania. It was founded in 1952 by brothers Gus and John Rigas after the pair purchased a cable television franchise for US$300. Combining various cable properties, the company became one of the most successful in the United States and reached over two million subscribers in 1998. In addition to cable television, Adelphia later started providing high-speed internet, phone services and voice messaging for businesses.Despite its success, in 2002 the company filed for bankruptcy amid an internal corruption scandal. An investigation was launched and later revealed that some members of the Rigas family used $2.3 billion to illegitimately purchase personal luxuries. A trial for the case was launched and saw John Rigas being sentenced to 15 years in prison, while his son Timothy Rigas received a sentence of 20 years. John Rigas was released in 2016 as a result of health issues.Following the file for bankruptcy, a plan for company restructuring was approved in 2004; amongst other things the plan included a full cash payment to possession lenders, bank lenders and joint venture partners. In July 2006, Adelphia sold its cable operations to Comcast (which now uses the Xfinity brand) and Time Warner Cable (then part of Time Warner, later known as WarnerMedia) for $17.6 billion. In 2007, Time Warner Cable officially succeeded Adelphia as a publicly traded corporation but the cable assets were spun out in 2009 and was acquired by Charter Communications in 2016 and it is now known as Spectrum.
<Michael_Shanks>	Michael Garrett Shanks (born December 15, 1970) is a Canadian actor, writer and director. He is best known for his role as Daniel Jackson in the long-running  military science fiction television series Stargate SG-1 and as Charles Harris on the Canadian medical drama Saving Hope. He is also known for his work on low budget, genre work filmed in Canada.Shanks was born in Vancouver, and grew up in Kamloops, British Columbia. He attended the University of British Columbia and was in the BFA Acting Program from 1990 to 1994 and later appeared in several stage productions, serving a two-year apprenticeship with the prestigious Stratford Festival in Ontario. He made guest appearances on TV series like Highlander and University Hospital, appeared in the TV movie A Family Divided and had a small role in The Call of the Wild, before winning the role of Daniel Jackson on Stargate SG-1.
<Geoffrey_Wilkinson>	Sir Geoffrey Wilkinson FRS (14 July 1921 – 26 September 1996) was a Nobel laureate English chemist who pioneered inorganic chemistry and homogeneous transition metal catalysis.Wilkinson was born at Springside, Todmorden, in the West Riding of Yorkshire. His father, Henry Wilkinson, was a master house painter and decorator; his mother, Ruth, worked in a local cotton mill. One of his uncles, an organist and choirmaster, had married into a family that owned a small chemical company making Epsom and Glauber's salts for the pharmaceutical industry; this is where he first developed an interest in chemistry.
<Eugene_Merle_Shoemaker>	Eugene Merle Shoemaker (April 28, 1928 – July 18, 1997) was an American geologist. He co-discovered Comet Shoemaker–Levy 9 with his wife Carolyn S. Shoemaker and David H. Levy. This comet hit Jupiter in July 1994: the impact was televised around the world. Shoemaker also studied terrestrial craters, such as Barringer Meteor Crater in Arizona, and along with Edward Chao provided the first conclusive evidence of its origin as an impact crater. He was also the first director of the United States Geological Survey's Astrogeology Research Program.He was killed in a car accident while visiting an impact crater site in Australia. After his death, some of his ashes were carried to the Moon with the Lunar Prospector mission.Shoemaker was born in Los Angeles, California, the son of Muriel May (née Scott), a teacher; and George Estel Shoemaker, who worked in farming, business, teaching, and motion pictures. His parents were natives of Nebraska. During Gene's childhood they moved between Los Angeles, New York City, Buffalo, New York and Wyoming, as George worked on a variety of jobs. George hated living in big cities, and was quite satisfied to take a job as director of education for a Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) camp in Wyoming. His wife soon found life in a remote cabin quite unsatisfactory. They compromised, when Muriel got a teaching job in Buffalo. She could teach in the Buffalo School of Practice of the State Teachers College at Buffalo during the school year while keeping Gene with her, then both would return to Wyoming during the summers. Gene's passion for studying rocks was ignited by the science education courses offered by the Buffalo Museum of Education. He enrolled in the School of Practice in the fourth grade, and began collecting samples of minerals. Within a year, he was also taking high-school-level evening courses. The family moved back to Los Angeles in 1942, where Gene enrolled in Fairfax High School at the age of thirteen. He completed high school in three years. During that time he also played violin in the school orchestra, excelled in gymnastics, and got a summer job as an apprentice lapidary.
<Flight_from_the_USSR>	Flight from the USSR is David Turashvili's 2008 novel.   Flight from the USSR, the first novel from one of Georgia’s most famous authors, Dato Turashvili, was originally published in Georgia in 1988. Since then, it has been adapted as a stage play entitled “Jeans Generation” and translated into German, Dutch, Italian, Greek, Armenian, and Croatian.The novel is based on the most tragic and scandalous story of the 1980s Soviet Georgia. Seven young people hijacked an airplane to escape from the Soviet Union, which was an exceptional action, because at that time even thinking about escaping from the Soviet Union was considered to be a crime.The Soviet government condemned most of these young people to death for their naive and dangerous attempt. The public opinion was split. A part of the public considered the youngsters to be just ordinary terrorists. The other part would argue that living under the Soviet regime was so unbearable that this could even justify the hijacking of a plane.
<Bard_College_Campus>	The campus of Bard College comprises 540 acres (220 ha) in Annandale-on-Hudson, New York. The campus, situated on the east shore of the Hudson River, offers sweeping views of the Catskill Mountains and is within the Hudson River Historic District, a National Historic Landmark. Almost all campus buildings built prior to 1950 are listed on the National Register of Historic Places as contributing features to the historic district.The campus contains more than 70 buildings with a total gross building space of 1,167,090 square feet (108,426 m2). Campus buildings represent varied architectural styles, but the campus remains heavily influenced by the Collegiate Gothic and Postmodern styles.Bard's historic buildings are associated with the early development of the college and the history of the Hudson River estates (see Bard College History). During a late twentieth-century building boom, the college embraced a trend of building signature buildings designed by prominent architects like Robert Venturi, Frank Gehry, and Rafael Viñoly.
<Edythe_Chapman>	Edythe Chapman (October 8, 1863 – October 15, 1948) was an American stage and silent film actress.Born in Rochester, New York, Chapman began her stage career as early as 1898 when she appeared in New York City in The Charity Ball. She performed at the Shubert Theater in Brooklyn in a production of The Light Eternal in 1907. The play was a romantic drama of Imperial Rome which was supported by a cast of approximately 100 people.[citation needed]
<Michel_Gill>	Michel Gill (born April 16, 1960), also known as Michael Gill, is an American actor best known for playing President Garrett Walker in the Netflix series House of Cards and Gideon Goddard on Mr. Robot.Gill is a first generation American born to Jewish parents who escaped the Holocaust. Gill's first language was French. He studied at Aiglon College, a prestigious boarding school in Switzerland. After Aiglon, he attended Tufts University before transferring and graduating from the Juilliard School in 1985 (Group 14).
<State_Transit_Authority>	The State Transit Authority of New South Wales, also referred to as State Transit, was an agency of the Government of New South Wales operating bus services in Sydney. Superseding the Urban Transit Authority in 1989, it was also responsible for the provision of ferry services in Sydney until 2004 and bus and ferry services in Newcastle until 2017. It ceased trading after 2 April 2022 with its remaining operations to be contracted out by Transport for NSW to replacement operators.In view of its political sensitivity, the agencies responsible for public transport in New South Wales are frequently restructured. Buses and ferries were the responsibility of the Department of Government Transport until 1972, when it was merged with the Department of Railways New South Wales to form the Public Transport Commission.
<Osaka>	Osaka (Japanese: 大阪市, Hepburn: Ōsaka-shi, pronounced [oːsakaɕi]; commonly just 大阪, Ōsaka [oːsaka] (listen)) is a designated city in the Kansai region of Honshu in Japan. It is the capital of and most populous city in Osaka Prefecture, and the third most populous city in Japan, following Special wards of Tokyo and Yokohama. With a population of 2.7 million in the 2020 census, it is also the largest component of the Keihanshin Metropolitan Area, which is the second-largest metropolitan area in Japan and the 10th largest urban area in the world with more than 19 million inhabitants.Osaka was traditionally considered Japan's economic hub. By the Kofun period (300–538) it had developed into an important regional port, and in the 7th and 8th centuries, it served briefly as the imperial capital. Osaka continued to flourish during the Edo period (1603–1867) and became known as a center of Japanese culture. Following the Meiji Restoration, Osaka greatly expanded in size and underwent rapid industrialization. In 1889, Osaka was officially established as a municipality. The construction boom accelerated population growth throughout the following decades, and by the 1900s, Osaka was the industrial hub in the Meiji and Taishō periods. Osaka made noted contributions to redevelopment, urban planning and zoning standards in the postwar period, the city developed rapidly as one of the major financial center in the Keihanshin Metropolitan Area.
<Rhonda_Fleming>	Rhonda Fleming (born Marilyn Louis; August 10, 1923 – October 14, 2020) was an American film and television actress and singer. She acted in more than 40 films, mostly in the 1940s and 1950s, and became renowned as one of the most glamorous actresses of her day, nicknamed the "Queen of Technicolor" because she photographed so well in that medium.Fleming was born Marilyn Louis in Hollywood, California, to Harold Cheverton Louis, an insurance salesman, and Effie Graham, a stage actress who had appeared opposite Al Jolson in the musical Dancing Around at New York's Winter Garden Theatre from 1914 to 1915. Fleming's maternal grandfather was John C. Graham, an actor, theater owner, and newspaper editor in Utah.
<John_J._Carty_Award_for_the_Advancement_of_Science>	The John J. Carty Award for the Advancement of Science is awarded by the U.S. National Academy of Sciences  "for noteworthy and distinguished accomplishments in any field of science within the charter of the Academy".  Established by the American Telephone and Telegraph Company (AT&T) and first awarded in 1932, the medal has been awarded in specific fields since 1961. The recipient is awarded a $25,000 prize. It is named after John J. Carty, an American electrical engineer who worked at AT&T.Source: National Academy of Sciences
<Ilya_Mikhalyov>	Ilya Mikhalyov (Ukrainian: Ілля Русланович Міхальов; born 31 July 1990) is a Russian former football forward.
<The_Trip_to_Bountiful>	The Trip to Bountiful is a 1985 American drama film directed by Peter Masterson and starring Geraldine Page, John Heard, Carlin Glynn, Richard Bradford and Rebecca De Mornay.  It was adapted by Horton Foote from his 1953 play of the same name.  The film features a soundtrack by J.A.C. Redford featuring Will Thompson's "Softly and Tenderly" sung by Cynthia Clawson.  Geraldine Page won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance as Mrs. Watts and Horton Foote was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.The film is partially set in the titular community of Bountiful, a fictitious Texas town. Although part of the film is set in Houston, Texas (as was the original play), the movie was shot in Dallas.The film, set in the post-World War II 1940s, tells the story of an elderly woman, Carrie Watts (Page), who wants to return to her home, the small, rural, agriculture-based town of Bountiful near the Texas Gulf coast between Houston and Corpus Christi, where she grew up, but she's frequently stopped from leaving Houston by her daughter-in-law and her overprotective son (Heard), who will not let her travel alone.  Her son and daughter-in-law both know that the town has long since  disappeared, due to the Depression. Long-term out-migration was caused by the draw-down of all the town's able-bodied men to the wartime draft calls and by the demand for industrial workers in the war production plants of the big cities.
<Dancing_on_Ice>	Dancing on Ice is a British television series presented by Phillip Schofield alongside Holly Willoughby from 2006 to 2011, who then returned in 2018, and Christine Bleakley from 2012 to 2014. The series features celebrities and their professional partners figure skating in front of a panel of judges. The series, broadcast on ITV, started on 14 January 2006 and ended on 9 March 2014 after the contract was not renewed by ITV.
<North_Carolina>	North Carolina (/ˌkærəˈlaɪnə/ (listen)) is a state in the Southeastern region of the United States. The state is the 28th largest and 9th-most populous of the United States. It is bordered by Virginia to the north, the Atlantic Ocean to the east, Georgia and South Carolina to the south, and Tennessee to the west. In the 2020 census, the state had a population of 10,439,388. Raleigh is the state's capital and Charlotte is its largest city. The Charlotte metropolitan area, with a population of 2,595,027 in 2020, is the most-populous metropolitan area in North Carolina, the 21st-most populous in the United States, and the largest banking center in the nation after New York City. The Raleigh-Durham-Cary combined statistical area is the second-largest metropolitan area in the state and 32nd-most populous in the United States, with a population of 2,043,867 in 2020, and is home to the largest research park in the United States, Research Triangle Park.The earliest evidence of human occupation in North Carolina dates back 10,000 years, found at the Hardaway Site. North Carolina was inhabited by Carolina Algonquian, Iroquoian, and Siouan speaking tribes of Native Americans prior to the arrival of Europeans. North Carolina was established as a royal colony in 1729 and was one of the Thirteen Colonies. North Carolina is named in honor of King Charles I of England who first formed the English colony, Carolus being Latin for "Charles". In 1755, colonial North Carolina received its first postmaster, James Davis, appointed by Benjamin Franklin.  The Halifax Resolves resolution adopted by North Carolina on April 12, 1776, was the first formal call for independence from Great Britain among the American Colonies during the American Revolution.
<Anne-Marie_Martin>	Anne-Marie Martin (born Edmonda Benton; November 11, 1957) is a Canadian retired actress, screenwriter and equestrian who is perhaps best known for playing Sgt. Dori Doreau in the American television comedy series Sledge Hammer! from 1986 to 1988, as well as her roles in several horror films, such as Prom Night (1980) and The Boogens (1981).Martin was born Edmonda Benton in Toronto, Ontario on November 11, 1957. Prior to embarking on a screen acting career, she worked for theater director Hrant Alianak in Toronto, performing at the Theatre Passe Muraille.
<Michael_J._S._Dewar>	Michael James Steuart Dewar (24 September 1918 – 10 October 1997) was an American theoretical chemist.Dewar was the son of Scottish parents, Annie Balfour (Keith) and Francis Dewar. He received the degrees of Bachelor of Arts, Master of Arts, and DPhil from Balliol College, Oxford.
<Banco_di_Sicilia>	Banco di Sicilia was an Italian bank based in Palermo, Sicily. It was a subsidiary of UniCredit but absorbed into the parent company in 2010.It was founded as Banco Regio dei Reali Domini al di là del Faro in 1849 and was renamed in 1860. From 1867 to 1926 the Banco di Sicilia was granted permission to issue legal tender currency (along Bank of Italy and Banco di Napoli).As public institution it was among the largest banks in Italy, with foreign branches and subsidiaries in United States (Trust Company Bank of Sicily), Libya (Sahara Bank), United Kingdom, Germany, Denmark, France and UAE.
<Michael_Barrington>	Michael Barrington (3 July 1924 – 5 June 1988) was a British actor best known for his television work. His best remembered role is as the ineffectual Governor Venables in the BBC sitcom Porridge which featured Ronnie Barker in the lead role.Born in Twickenham, both his parents died when he was 16. His plans to train as a veterinarian were interrupted by Second World War service in a munitions factory and the Royal Engineers. After the war he decided to become an actor and trained at the Birmingham School of Drama. He then appeared in repertory theatres and at the Vaudeville Theatre in Salad Days.
<Aleksandar_Tomov_(politician)>	Aleksandar Trifonov Tomov (Bulgarian: Александър Трифонов Томов) (born 27 April 1954) is a Bulgarian politician, economist, and academic.In the 1970s, Tomov was a student at the UNWE and Leningrad University. He completed his primary, secondary and university education with excellent marks. In 1984, Tomov earned a doctoral degree in the field of economics. Tomov has made specializations in political science and macroeconomics in Sofia and London.In addition to his political career, Tomov has also worked as a professor and lecturer in the political science department (of which he is one of the founders in 1985) at Sofia University. He has further taught courses at the Karl Marx Institute of Economics in Sofia. Tomov has authored six books. In 1995, Tomov was appointed as the director of the EastWest Institute in New York City for a period of three years.
<Fascinating_Womanhood>	Fascinating Womanhood is a book written by Helen Andelin and published in 1963. The book recently went into its sixth edition, published by Random House. 2,000,000 books were sold and is credited with starting a grassroots movement among women.[citation needed]Derived from a set of booklets published in the 1920s and 1930s by the Psychological Press, the book seeks to help traditionally-minded women to make their marriages "a lifelong love affair". According to Time magazine, Andelin wrote Fascinating Womanhood when "she felt her own marriage wasn't the romantic love affair she had dreamed of."
<Hainan_Airlines>	Hainan Airlines Co., Ltd. (HNA, Chinese: 海南航空公司; pinyin: Hǎinán Hángkōnggōngsī; Hainanese: Hái-nâm Hang-khun-kông-si) is an airline headquartered in Haikou, Hainan, People's Republic of China. The airline is rated as a 5-star airline by Skytrax. It is the largest civilian-run and majority state-owned air transport company, making it the fourth-largest airline in terms of fleet size in the People's Republic of China, and the tenth-largest airline in Asia in terms of passengers carried. It operates scheduled domestic and international services on 500 routes from Hainan and nine locations on the mainland, as well as charter services. Its main base is Haikou Meilan International Airport, with hubs at Beijing Capital International Airport and Xi'an Xianyang International Airport and several focus cities.Hainan Airlines was established in October 1989 as Hainan Province Airlines in Hainan, the largest special economic zone in China. Hainan Province Airlines became China's first joint-stock air-transport company following a restructuring in January 1993 and began scheduled services on 2 May 1993. The initial 250 million yuan (US$31.25 million) was financed by the Hainan government (5.33%) and the corporate staff (20%). The rest came from institutional shareholders. In 1996, the provincial airline was renamed Hainan Airlines.
<Joan_Didion>	Joan Didion (/ˈdɪdiən/; December 5, 1934 – December 23, 2021) was an American writer. Along with Tom Wolfe, Hunter S. Thompson and Gay Talese, she is considered one of the pioneers of New Journalism. Didion's career began in the 1950s after she won an essay contest sponsored by Vogue magazine. Her writing during the 1960s through the late 1970s engaged audiences in the realities of the counterculture of the 1960s, the Hollywood lifestyle and California culture and history. Didion's political writing in the 1980s and 1990s often concentrated on the subtext of political and social rhetoric. In 1991, she wrote the earliest mainstream media article to suggest the Central Park Five had been wrongfully convicted. In 2005, Didion won the National Book Award for Nonfiction and was a finalist for both the National Book Critics Circle Award and the Pulitzer Prize for The Year of Magical Thinking, a memoir of the year following the death of her husband, writer John Gregory Dunne. She later adapted the book into a play, which premiered on Broadway in 2007. In 2013, she was awarded the National Humanities Medal by President Barack Obama. Didion was profiled in the Netflix documentary The Center Will Not Hold, directed by her nephew Griffin Dunne, in 2017.Didion was born on December 5, 1934, in Sacramento, California, to Frank Reese and Eduene (née Jerrett) Didion. She had one brother five years her junior, James Jerrett Didion, who was a real estate executive. Didion recalled writing things down as early as the age of five, though she said that she never saw herself as a writer until after her work had been published. She identified as a "shy, bookish child" who pushed herself to overcome social anxiety through acting and public speaking, and was also an avid reader. She spent her adolescence typing out Ernest Hemingway's works to learn more about how sentence structures worked.
<Alfred_Murdoch>	Alfred James (Fred) Murdoch (18 April 1877 – 1 June 1960) was a New Zealand politician, first as an Independent Liberal then of the United Party, and from 1943 the National Party. He was Minister of Agriculture and Minister of Mines from 1930 to 1931 in the United Government of New Zealand.Murdoch was born in 1877 in Onehunga. He trained as a school teacher and taught at Onehunga, Northcote, Hikurangi, Mata, and Ruataka. He retired from teaching in 1919 and became a farmer, breeding Jersey cattle. For a time, he was the chairman of the New Zealand Dairy Board, and he belonged to the Chamber of Commerce in Whangarei.
<Quezon_City>	Quezon City (UK: /ˈkeɪzɒn/, US: /ˈkeɪsɒn, -sɔːn, -soʊn/; Filipino: Lungsod Quezon [luŋˈsod ˈkɛson]), also known as the City of Quezon and Q.C. (read in Filipino as Kyusi), is the most populous city in the Philippines. According to the 2020 census, it has a population of 2,960,048 people.  It was founded on October 12, 1939, and was named after Manuel L. Quezon, the second president of the Philippines.The city was intended to be the national capital of the Philippines that would replace Manila, as the latter was suffering from overcrowding, lack of housing, poor sanitation, and traffic congestion. To create Quezon City, several barrios were carved out from the towns of Caloocan, Marikina, San Juan and Pasig, in addition to the eight vast estates the Philippine government purchased for this purpose. It was officially proclaimed as the national capital on October 12, 1949, and several government departments and institutions moved out of Manila and settled into the new capital city. This necessitated the expansion of the city northwards, carving out Novaliches from Caloocan which divided it into two non-contiguous parts. Several barrios were also taken from San Mateo and parts of Montalban. However, on June 24, 1976, Presidential Decree 940 was enacted, which reverted national capital status to Manila while the whole of Metro Manila was designated as the seat of government.
<Mal_Colston>	Malcolm Arthur Colston (5 April 1938 – 23 August 2003) was an Australian politician who served as a Senator for Queensland from 1975 to 1999. He was a member of the Labor Party until 1996, when he resigned to sit as an independent following a dispute over his candidacy for Deputy President of the Senate. Colston was a schoolteacher before entering politics, and held a doctorate in educational psychology from the University of Queensland.Colston was born in Brisbane and joined the Labor Party at the age of 19 and held several branch positions in the party. He was unsuccessfully nominated for selection as a Senate candidate at the age of 23.
<Banca_Monte_dei_Paschi_di_Siena>	Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. (Italian pronunciation: [ˈbaŋka ˈmonte dei ˈpaski di ˈsjɛːna]), known as BMPS or just MPS, is an Italian bank. Tracing its history to a mount of piety founded in 1472 (550 years ago) and established in its present form in 1624 (398 years ago), it is the world's oldest or second oldest bank, depending on the definition, and the fifth largest Italian commercial and retail bank.In 1995, the bank (then known as Monte dei Paschi di Siena) was transformed from a statutory corporation to a limited company called Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena (Banca MPS). The Fondazione Monte dei Paschi di Siena was created to continue the charitable functions of the bank and to be, until the bailout in 2013, its largest single shareholder.
<Kenji_Yamamoto_(composer_born_1964)>	Kenji Yamamoto (山本 健誌, Yamamoto Kenji, born 25 April 1964) is a Japanese video game musician working for Nintendo, where he is notable for composing music in many titles of the Metroid series, mainly Super Metroid and the Prime trilogy. Yamamoto also plays a role as a music director at Nintendo, overseeing the audio for several of their games. He frequently collaborates with fellow composers Minako Hamano and Masaru Tajima.Yamamoto utilizes heavy drums, piano, voiced chants, clangs of pipes, and electric guitar. In development of Super Metroid, Yamamoto came up with some of the game's themes by humming them to himself while riding his motorcycle home from work. He was asked to compose the music for Metroid Prime to reinforce the series' continuity. The game's Dolby Pro Logic II surround sound was mixed by a member of Dolby Digital. Developers from Retro Studios noted how the process of fitting all the sound effects for a world in Metroid Prime into 6 MB of space was crucial in producing a quality aural experience, as each sound had to be of very high quality to be included. Metroid Prime 3: Corruption took advantage of the increase in the amount of RAM that took place when the series switched from the GameCube to the Wii; this allowed for higher quality audio samples to be used and thus a better overall audio quality.
<John_Merivale>	John Herman Merivale (1 December 1917 – 6 February 1990) was a Canadian-born British theatre actor, and occasional supporting player in British films.Born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, John Merivale was the son of English actors Philip Merivale and Viva Birkett. His stepmother was the English actress Gladys Cooper. Merivale was educated in England, at Rugby and New College, Oxford.
<Kozo_Watanabe_(engineer)>	Kozo Watanabe (渡邉 衡三, Watanabe Kōzō, born 1942) is a Japanese automotive engineer who was responsible for the development of the ninth generation Nissan Skyline (R33) and the tenth generation Nissan Skyline (R34).As a boy, he was a car enthusiast who loved motor sports. He saw the Prince cars being completely defeated at the 1st Japanese Grand Prix held at Suzuka Circuit in 1963.In March 1967, one month before he joined Nissan, he went to Europe to watch a Formula 1 race.
<Louise_Homer>	Louise Beatty Homer (April 30, 1871 – May 6, 1947) was an American operatic contralto who had an active international career in concert halls and opera houses from 1895 until her retirement in 1932.After a brief stint as a vaudeville entertainer in New England, she made her professional opera debut in France in 1898. She then became a member of the Metropolitan Opera from 1900 to 1919 and again from 1927 to 1929. She was also active as an opera singer in Boston, Chicago, and California. She recorded extensively for Victor Records and Columbia Records in the early decades of the 20th century. She was married to composer Sidney Homer for 52 years. The composer Samuel Barber was her nephew.Homer sang a broad repertoire which encompassed works from the French, German, and Italian repertoires. She enjoyed particular success in the operas of Giuseppe Verdi and Richard Wagner. She often stated in interviews that her favorite role to perform was Amneris in Verdi's Aida. At the Met she sang in several United States premieres and created roles in two world premieres: the witch in Engelbert Humperdinck's Königskinder and the title role in Horatio Parker's Mona. Soprano Nellie Melba once hailed her as "the world's most beautiful voice". In 1923 and 1924 she was listed as one of the 12 greatest living women by the National League of Women Voters.
<Shanghai>	Shanghai (/ʃæŋˈhaɪ/; Chinese: 上海, Shanghainese: Zaon6he5 [zɑ̃̀.hɛ́] (listen), Standard Mandarin pronunciation: [ʂâŋ.xàɪ] (listen)) is one of the four direct-administered municipalities of the People's Republic of China (PRC). The city is located on the southern estuary of the Yangtze River, with the Huangpu River flowing through it. With a population of 24.89 million as of 2021, Shanghai is the most populous urban area in China with 39,300,000 inhabitants living in the Shanghai metropolitan area, the second most populous city proper in the world (after Chongqing) and the only city in East Asia with a GDP greater than its corresponding capital. Shanghai ranks second among the administrative divisions of Mainland China in human development index (after Beijing). As of 2018, the Greater Shanghai metropolitan area was estimated to produce a gross metropolitan product (nominal) of nearly 9.1 trillion RMB ($1.33 trillion), exceeding that of Mexico with GDP of $1.22 trillion, the 15th largest in the world. Shanghai is one of the world's major centers for finance, business and economics, research, education, science and technology, manufacturing, tourism, culture, dining, art, fashion, sports, and transportation, and the Port of Shanghai is the world's busiest container port. In 2019, the Shanghai Pudong International Airport was one of the world's 10 busiest airports by passenger traffic, and one of the two international airports serving the Shanghai metropolitan area, the other one being the Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport.Originally a fishing village and market town, Shanghai grew in importance in the 19th century due to both domestic and foreign trade and its favorable port location. The city was one of five treaty ports forced to open to European trade after the First Opium War. The Shanghai International Settlement and the French Concession were subsequently established. The city then flourished, becoming a primary commercial and financial hub of Asia in the 1930s. During the Second Sino-Japanese War, the city was the site of the major Battle of Shanghai. After the war, with the communists takeover of the mainland in 1949, trade was limited to other socialist countries and the city's global influence declined. Despite this, modern trade in the newly established PRC began in the late 1940s/early 1950s, and Shanghai officially became one of the biggest and most important cities among socialist states before the economic reform in 1978.
<Harry_Alan_Towers>	Harry Alan Towers (19 October 1920 – 31 July 2009) was a British radio and independent film producer and screenwriter. He wrote numerous screenplays for the films he produced, often under the pseudonym Peter Welbeck. He produced over 80 feature films and continued to write and produce well into his eighties. Towers was married to the actress Maria Rohm, who appeared in many of his films.The son of a theatrical agent, Towers was born in Wandsworth, and became a child actor after attending the Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts. He then became a prolific radio writer while serving in the Royal Air Force during World War II becoming head of the RAF radio unit on the British Forces Broadcasting Service attaining the rank of Pilot Officer.
<Gail_Zappa>	Adelaide Gail Zappa (née  Sloatman; January 1, 1945 – October 7, 2015) was the wife of musician and composer Frank Zappa and the trustee of the Zappa Family Trust. They met in Los Angeles in 1966 and married while she was pregnant with their first child, Moon, followed by Dweezil, Ahmet and Diva. Gail was also the aunt of model and actress Lala Sloatman.In 2002, Gail Zappa founded the Zappa Family Trust, a holder of the title and copyright to Frank Zappa's musical and artistic products, as well as his commercial image. In 2015, the Trust was given to her son Ahmet shortly before she died of lung cancer.
<Eve_Brent>	Jean Ann Ewers (September 11, 1929 – August 27, 2011), known professionally as Eve Brent and Jean Lewis, was an American actress known for her role as Jane in Tarzan's Fight for Life.Born as Jean Ann Ewers in Houston, Texas, in 1929, and raised in Fort Worth, she appeared on radio and television (guest-starring roles and hundreds of commercials), in movies, and on the theater stage.
<Junior_(TV_channel)>	Junior is a German preschool channel which has been broadcast since 1996 for children between 3 and 7 years of age. The channel formerly aired an anime programming block called Junior XL until 2007. Former TV channels which timeshared with Junior includes K-Toon [de] (cartoons) and G-TV [de] (video games). The channel will close on 31 December 2022.
<John_Calipari>	* Vacated by the NCAAJohn Vincent Calipari (born February 10, 1959) is an American basketball coach. Since 2009, he has been the head coach of the University of Kentucky men's team, with whom he won the NCAA Championship in 2012. He has been named Naismith College Coach of the Year three times (in 1996, 2008 and 2015), and was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 2015.
<Adam_Riess>	Adam Guy Riess (born December 16, 1969) is an American astrophysicist and Bloomberg Distinguished Professor at Johns Hopkins University and the Space Telescope Science Institute. He is known for his research in using supernovae as cosmological probes. Riess shared both the 2006 Shaw Prize in Astronomy and the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physics with Saul Perlmutter and Brian P. Schmidt for providing evidence that the expansion of the universe is accelerating.Riess was born in Washington, D.C., one of three children. He grew up in Warren, New Jersey, where his father (Naval engineer Michael Riess) owned a frozen-foods distribution company, Bistro International, and his mother (Doris Riess) worked as a clinical psychologist. Michael Riess (1931–2007) immigrated to the United States with his parents (journalist, war correspondent and author Curt Martin Riess and Ilse Posnansky) from Germany on the ship SS Europa (1928) in 1936. Reiss is Jewish. Adam Riess has two sisters – Gail Saltz, a psychiatrist, and Holly Hagerman, an artist. Riess married Nancy Joy Schondorf in 1998.
<Lift_Labs>	Liftware is a brand name for a spoon designed to counteract the tremor associated with medical conditions such as Parkinson's disease or essential tremors. The company which designed the projects, Lift Labs, was founded by Anupam Pathak, a University of Michigan Ph.D. student.The device works by detecting tremors with an accelerometer then responding to them with an actuator. The product first became available in December 2013.Lift Labs (which made the Liftware spoon) was acquired by Google in September 2014 for integration into then life sciences division of Google X. Anupam Pathak became the technical lead for the division.
<Kheireddine_Zarabi>	Kheireddine "Kiko" Zarabi (born 18 July 1984) is an Algerian professional footballer who plays as a central defender.Born in Hussein Dey District, Algiers, Zarabi started his career at age 10 with IRB Ouargla. When he turned 13 his family returned to live in the capital, and he joined NA Hussein Dey first before leaving to RC Kouba two years later; he made his senior debut with the latter in 2002, remaining three seasons with the club.
<Friedrichswerder_Church>	Friedrichswerder Church (German: Friedrichswerdersche Kirche, French: Temple du Werder) was the first Neo-Gothic church built in Berlin, Germany. It was designed by an architect better known for his Neoclassical architecture, Karl Friedrich Schinkel, and was built under his direction from 1824 to 1831.The building is maintained by the Prussian Cultural Heritage Foundation and is part of the Berlin State Museums' ensemble. In late 2012, the building was closed due to structural damage caused by nearby construction. After extensive restoration work completed in early October 2019, the damage was repaired and exhibitions from the Alte Nationalgalerie (the Old National Gallery) returned. These include a collection of nineteenth-century German sculptures, showing works of Johann Gottfried Schadow, Karl Friedrich Schinkel and Christian Daniel Rauch, among others. On the upper floor is an exhibition of the work and life of Karl Friedrich Schinkel.The vaulting system
<Hasbro>	Hasbro, Inc. (/ˈhæzbroʊ/; a syllabic abbreviation of its original name, Hassenfeld Brothers) is an American multinational conglomerate holding company incorporated and headquartered in Pawtucket, Rhode Island. Hasbro owns the trademarks and products of Kenner, Milton Bradley, Parker Brothers, and Wizards of the Coast, among others. As of August 2020 over 81.5% of its shares were held by large financial institutions.Among its products are Transformers, G.I. Joe, Power Rangers, Rom the Space Knight, Micronauts, M.A.S.K., Monopoly, Furby, Nerf, Twister, and My Little Pony, and with the Entertainment One acquisition in 2019, franchises like Peppa Pig and PJ Masks. The Hasbro brand also spawned TV shows to promote its products, such as Family Game Night on the Discovery Family network, a joint venture with Warner Bros. Discovery.
<Gaiam_Vivendi_Entertainment>	Gaiam Vivendi Entertainment (formerly known as Vivendi Entertainment, Vivendi Visual Entertainment and Visual Entertainment) is an independent film, television, DVD and digital distribution company operating in the United States and Canada. It is also a distribution partner for independent content providers.Visual Entertainment was founded in 2004 to distribute DVDs as a division of Universal Music Group Distribution, which in turn is a subsidiary of Vivendi. In 2006, Visual Entertainment was renamed Vivendi Visual Entertainment. In 2008, Vivendi Entertainment expanded from home video into theatrical distribution.
<George_Jonas>	George Jonas, CM (June 15, 1935 – January 10, 2016) was a Hungarian-born Canadian writer, poet, and journalist. A self-described classical liberal, he authored 16 books, including the bestseller Vengeance (1984), the story of an Israeli operation to kill the terrorists responsible for the 1972 Munich massacre.  The book has been adapted for film twice, first as Sword of Gideon (1986) and as Munich (2005).Jonas was born in Budapest, Hungary in 1935, the son of lawyer, composer, and former member of the Vienna State Opera, Dr. Georg M. Hübsch (1883-1972) and Magda Hübsch (née Klug; 1905–1997), Jonas was educated at the Lutheran Gymnasium between the years 1945 and 1954.
<Edinburgh>	Edinburgh (/ˈɛdɪnbərə/ (listen) Scots: [ˈɛdɪnbʌrə]; Scottish Gaelic: Dùn Èideann [ˌt̪un ˈeːtʲən̪ˠ]) is the capital city of Scotland and one of its 32 council areas. Historically part of the county of Midlothian (interchangeably Edinburghshire before 1921), it is located in Lothian on the southern shore of the Firth of Forth. Edinburgh is Scotland's second-most populous city, after Glasgow, and the seventh-most populous city in the United Kingdom.Recognised as the capital of Scotland since at least the 15th century, Edinburgh is the seat of the Scottish Government, the Scottish Parliament and the highest courts in Scotland. The city's Palace of Holyroodhouse is the official residence of the British monarchy in Scotland. The city has long been a centre of education, particularly in the fields of medicine, Scottish law, literature, philosophy, the sciences, and engineering. It is the second-largest financial centre in the United Kingdom, and the city's historical and cultural attractions have made it the UK's second-most visited tourist destination attracting 4.9 million visits, including 2.4 million from overseas in 2018. Time Out magazine rated Edinburgh the best city in the world in 2022.
<Dolores_Dorn>	Dolores Dorn (March 3, 1934 – October 5, 2019) was an American film and television actress, who was the co-star of The Bounty Hunter (1954), Uncle Vanya (1957), Underworld U.S.A. (1961),  and several other films through 1985. On Broadway, she was billed as Dolores Dorn-Heft.Dolores M. Heft was born in Chicago, the daughter of an automobile dealer. A graduate of the Goodman Art Theatre in Chicago, she finished third in the Miss Chicago contest in 1950 and second in the same contest in 1951.
<Tommy_Hughitt>	Tommy Hughitt (born Ernest Fredrick Hughitt; December 27, 1892 – December 27, 1961) was a Canadian-American National Football League utility player, coach and politician. He was also an All-American quarterback for the University of Michigan in 1913.Hughitt was born in Genoa, British Columbia, but grew up in Escanaba, Michigan; his father, Orrin Hughitt, owned the hardware store in Escanaba. His high school football career in Escanaba was undistinguished, and Hughitt saw little playing time on his high school squad. Upon graduation he went to the University of Michigan, where he played halfback and then quarterback for the Wolverines.From 1915 to 1916, Hughitt was the head football coach at the University of Maine. He compiled a 6–7–3 overall record, including the Maine Intercollegiate Athletic Association championship in 1915.  An article in The Michigan Technic commented on Hughitt's success at Maine:
<Jasmin_St._Claire>	Jasmin St. Claire (born October 23, 1972) is an American former pornographic actress. She is also known for her work as a professional wrestling personality, most notably for ECW. She has made appearances in the world of professional wrestling and such films as Communication Breakdown and National Lampoon's Dorm Daze 2.Jasmin St. Claire was born on October 23, 1972 in Saint Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands, U.S. She is an American of Brazilian and Russian descent.Among her porn films, St. Claire is known for her appearance in World's Biggest Gang Bang 2, a 1996 sequel to World's Biggest Gang Bang, in which she is advertised as performing a record-breaking 300 sex acts with 300 men in a 24-hour period. St. Claire later described the video as "among the biggest cons ever pulled off in the porn business," with merely about 30 men "strategically placed and filmed," only ten of whom were actually able to perform sexually on camera.
<FC_Slutsk>	SFC Slutsk (Belarusian: ФК Слуцк; Russian: СФК Слуцк) is a Belarusian association football club based in Slutsk, Minsk Oblast.There was competitive football in Slutsk as early as 1913, with a Slutsk team entering the third season of the republican competition in 1926, but it did not enter a BSSR competition again until 1936.  From the 1940s, the city of Slutsk was represented at a very low level by a team called Slutsk Spartak.During World War 2, the city's football pitch was the site of "fierce battles" and extensive trench construction. In 1948, the city's executive committee decided to promote and fund football. The same year, the city stadium, originally built 1935, was rebuilt. In addition to government funding, the city team was funded by the "trade union voluntary sports society and individual enterprises." Despite this, by 1974, the Slutsk team faced financial difficulties and dropped out of the BSSR republican championship. There were short-lived revivals in 1980 and the late 1980s, before the city registered a self-supporting club in 1990. The name of the Slutsk team changed frequently in the 1990s, based on sponsorship.
<Ann_Robinson>	Ann Robinson (born May 25, 1929) is a former American actress and stunt horse rider, perhaps best known for her work in the science-fiction classic The War of the Worlds (1953) and in the 1954 film Dragnet, in which she starred as a Los Angeles police officer opposite Jack Webb and Ben Alexander.Robinson was born at the Hollywood Hospital in Hollywood, California.[citation needed] She attended Hollywood High School. Her father was employed by the Bank of Hollywood, at the corner of Hollywood and Vine. He taught her how to ride horses, beginning when she was only three. Robinson became an accomplished rider, which led to her first professional work in Hollywood as a stunt rider in film Frenchie with Shelley Winters.
<The_Late_Mattia_Pascal>	The Late Mattia Pascal (Italian: Il fu Mattia Pascal [il ˈfu mmatˈtiːa paˈskal]) is a 1904 novel by Luigi Pirandello. It is one of his best-known works and was his first major treatment of the theme of the mask.The protagonist, Mattia Pascal, finds that his promising youth has, through misfortune or misdeed, dissolved into a dreary dead-end job and a miserable marriage.  His inheritance and the woman he loved are stolen from him by the same man, his eventual wife and mother-in-law badger him constantly, and his twin daughters, neglected by their mother, can provide him with joy only until an untimely death takes them. Death robs him even of his beloved mother.To escape, he decides one day to sneak off to Monte Carlo, where he encounters an amazing string of luck, acquiring a small fortune.  While reading a newspaper on his return home, he discovers, to his immense shock and delight, that his wife and mother-in-law declared an unknown corpse to be his own.  Faced with this sudden opportunity to start afresh, he first wanders about Europe, and finally settles down in Rome with an assumed identity.   His character develops in unexpected, even admirable, ways.  Yet one admirable act brings the protagonist a crisis, followed by additional crises that lead him to conclude that continuing with his plans will entail only misery for those he loves, precisely because his entire life, including the precious liberty he thought he had gained from his past, is now a lie.  He ultimately decides to fake his own death and return to his original life.  But even that proves difficult; his family and town have long since adjusted to his "death,"  and his own adjustment of character prompts him to have mercy on his now remarried wife.  So the twice-dead Late Mattia Pascal reduces himself to a figure outside the mainstream of society, a walk-on part in his own life.
<Hilary_Swank>	Hilary Ann Swank (born July 30, 1974) is an American actress and film producer. She first became known in 1992 for her role on the television series Camp Wilder and made her film debut with a minor role in Buffy the Vampire Slayer (1992). She then had her breakthrough for starring as Julie Pierce in The Next Karate Kid (1994), the fourth installment of The Karate Kid franchise, and as Carly Reynolds on the eighth season of Beverly Hills, 90210 (1997–1998).Swank came to international recognition for her performances as Brandon Teena, a transgender man, in Kimberly Peirce's Boys Don't Cry (1999), and as Maggie Fitzgerald, an aspiring boxer, in Clint Eastwood's Million Dollar Baby (2004). Both of her performances earned her critical acclaim, and she earned numerous accolades, including two Academy Awards, two Golden Globe Awards, two Critics' Choice Movie Awards, and a Screen Actors Guild Award. She was named by Time  as one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2005.
<Angela_Bettis>	Angela Marie Bettis (born January 9, 1973) is an American actress, film producer, and director. Following her breakthrough role as Janet Webber in the drama film Girl, Interrupted (1999), she earned acclaim for her portrayals of Carrietta White in the television film Carrie (2002) and the titular character in the psychological horror film May (2002). For May, she won the Brussels International Festival Award for Best Actress, the Catalan International Film Festival Award for Best Actress and the Fangoria Chainsaw Award for Best Actress. She went on to play Belle Cleek in the horror film The Woman (2011) and Mandy in the black comedy film 12 Hour Shift (2020). For 12 Hour Shift, she earned a nomination for the Critics' Choice Award for Best Actress in a Horror Movie.In addition to her work in film, Bettis also starred in two Broadway productions: The Father in 1996 with Frank Langella and as Abigail Williams in a 2002 revival of Arthur Miller's The Crucible alongside Liam Neeson and Laura Linney.
<Kirk_Kerkorian>	Kerkor Kerkorian (Armenian: Գրիգոր Գրիգորեան; June 6, 1917 – June 15, 2015) was an American businessman, investor, and philanthropist. He was the president and CEO of Tracinda Corporation, his private holding company based in Beverly Hills, California. Kerkorian was one of the important figures in the shaping of Las Vegas and, with architect Martin Stern Jr., is described as the "father of the mega-resort". He built the world's largest hotel in Las Vegas three times: the International Hotel (opened in 1969), the MGM Grand Hotel (1973) and the MGM Grand (1993). He purchased the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer movie studio in 1969.Of Armenian descent, Kerkorian provided over $1 billion for charity in Armenia through his Lincy Foundation, which was established in 1989 and particularly focused on helping to rebuild northern Armenia after the 1988 earthquake. Kerkorian also provided money to ensure that a film based on the history of the Armenian genocide would be made. The resulting film, called The Promise, premiered in April 2017 in the United States. In 2000 Time magazine named him the 10th largest donor in the US. Kerkorian was declared an honorary citizen of Armenia. He was bestowed the title of National Hero of Armenia, the highest state award.
<Billy_May>	Edward William May Jr. (November 10, 1916 – January 22, 2004) was an American composer, arranger and trumpeter. He composed film and television music for The Green Hornet (1966), The Mod Squad (1968), Batman (with Batgirl theme, 1967), and Naked City (1960). He collaborated on films such as Pennies from Heaven (1981), and orchestrated Cocoon, and Cocoon: The Return, among others.May wrote arrangements for many top singers, including Frank Sinatra, Nat King Cole, Anita O'Day, Peggy Lee, Vic Damone, Bobby Darin, Johnny Mercer, Ella Fitzgerald, Louis Prima, Keely Smith, Jack Jones, Bing Crosby, Sandler and Young, Nancy Wilson, Rosemary Clooney, The Andrews Sisters and Ella Mae Morse. He also collaborated with satirist Stan Freberg on several classic 1950s and 1960s comedy music albums.As a trumpet player in the 1940s Big Band era, May recorded such songs as "Measure for Measure", "Long Tall Mama", and "Boom Shot", with Glenn Miller and His Orchestra, and "The Wrong Idea", "Lumby", and "Wings Over Manhattan" with Charlie Barnet and His Orchestra. With his own band, he had a hit single, "Charmaine". In the 1950s he released several successful albums of his unique orchestral arrangements and compositions, including Sorta-May and Sorta-Dixie.
<Gremlin_Interactive>	Gremlin Graphics Software Limited, later Gremlin Interactive Limited and ultimately Infogrames Studios Limited was a British software house based in Sheffield, working mostly in the home computer market. Like many software houses established in the 1980s, their primary market was the 8-bit range of computers such as the ZX Spectrum, Amstrad CPC, MSX, Commodore 16 and Commodore 64. The company was acquired by French video game publisher Infogrames in 1999, and was renamed Infogrames Studios in 2000. Infogrames Studios closed down in 2003.The company, originally a computer store called Just Micro, was established as a software house in 1984 with the name Gremlin Graphics Software Ltd by Ian Stewart and Kevin Norburn with US Gold's Geoff Brown owning 75% of the company until mid-1989. Gremlin's early success was based on games such as Wanted: Monty Mole for the ZX Spectrum and Thing on a Spring for the Commodore 64.[citation needed]
<Stephen_Vincent_Benét>	Stephen Vincent Benét (/bəˈneɪ/; July 22, 1898 – March 13, 1943) was an American poet, short story writer, and novelist. He is best known for his book-length narrative poem of the American Civil War, John Brown's Body (1928), for which he received the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry, and for the short stories "The Devil and Daniel Webster" (1936) and "By the Waters of Babylon" (1937). In 2009, Library of America selected his story "The King of the Cats" (1929) for inclusion in its two-century retrospective of American Fantastic Tales, edited by Peter Straub.Benét was born on July 22, 1898 in Fountain Hill, Pennsylvania in the Lehigh Valley region of eastern Pennsylvania to James Walker Benét, a colonel in the United States Army. His grandfather and namesake led the Army Ordnance Corps from 1874 to 1891 as a brigadier general and served in the Civil War. His paternal uncle Laurence Vincent Benét was an ensign in the United States Navy during the Spanish–American War and later manufactured the French Hotchkiss machine gun.Around the age of ten, Benét was sent to the Hitchcock Military Academy. He graduated from Summerville Academy in Augusta, Georgia and from Yale University, where he was "the power behind the Yale Lit", according to Thornton Wilder, a fellow member of the Elizabethan Club. He also edited and contributed light verse to the campus humor magazine The Yale Record. His first book was published when he was aged 17 and he was awarded an M.A. in English upon submission of his third volume of poetry in lieu of a thesis. He was also a part-time contributor to Time magazine in its early years.
<Sid_Ramnarace>	Sid Ramnarace is a Canadian-born American designerand strategist who has worked  with the Ford Motor Company, in Dearborn, Michigan, United States, and has designed automobiles, furniture, jewelry, textiles, glassware, and home decor.At the age of 12, he submitted letters to Chuck Jordan at General Motors and Jack Telnack at Ford in the hope of receiving advice to landing a job as a designer. Based on the reply from those letters, Ramnarace studied at the Cleveland Institute of Art, where he graduated with a degree in industrial design, studying under the tutelage of design pioneer, Viktor Schreckengost.After a brief stint at General Motors as a contract designer, Ramnarace began at Ford working at Ford's Global Design Center and developed textiles, color and trim for the Ford Explorer, Ford Prodigy and 24.7 show car concepts, where he worked under VP of Design J Mays and Chief Designer Laurens van den Acker.
<John_Quincy_Adams>	John Quincy Adams (/ˈkwɪnzi/ (listen); July 11, 1767 – February 23, 1848) was an American statesman, diplomat, lawyer, and diarist who served as the sixth president of the United States, from 1825 to 1829. He previously served as the eighth United States Secretary of State from 1817 to 1825. During his long diplomatic and political career, Adams also served as an ambassador, and as a member of the United States Congress representing Massachusetts in both chambers. He was the eldest son of John Adams, who served as the second president of the United States from 1797 to 1801, and First Lady Abigail Adams. Initially a Federalist like his father, he won election to the presidency as a member of the Democratic-Republican Party, and in the mid-1830s became affiliated with the Whig Party.Born in Braintree, Massachusetts, Adams spent much of his youth in Europe, where his father served as a diplomat. After returning to the United States, Adams established a successful legal practice in Boston. In 1794, President George Washington appointed Adams as the U.S. ambassador to the Netherlands, and Adams would serve in high-ranking diplomatic posts until 1801, when Thomas Jefferson took office as president. Federalist leaders in Massachusetts arranged for Adams's election to the United States Senate in 1802, but Adams broke with the Federalist Party over foreign policy and was denied re-election. In 1809, President James Madison, a member of the Democratic-Republican Party, appointed Adams as the U.S. ambassador to Russia. Multilingual, Adams held diplomatic posts for the duration of Madison's presidency, and he served as part of the American delegation that negotiated an end to the War of 1812. In 1817, President James Monroe selected Adams as his Secretary of State. In that role, Adams negotiated the Adams–Onís Treaty, which provided for the American acquisition of Florida. He also helped formulate the Monroe Doctrine, which became a key tenet of U.S. foreign policy. In 1818, Adams was elected a member of the American Philosophical Society in Philadelphia.
<Independence_Day_Award>	The Independence Day Award (Bengali: স্বাধীনতা পদক), also termed Independence Award (Bengali: স্বাধীনতা পুরস্কার), Swadhinata Padak, and Swadhinata Puroskar, is the highest state award given by the government of Bangladesh. Introduced in 1977 by president Ziaur Rahman, this award is bestowed upon Bangladeshi citizens or organizations in recognition of substantial contribution to one of many fields, including the War of Liberation, the Language Movement, education, literature, journalism, public service, science and technology, medical science, social science, song, games and sports, fine arts, rural development, and other areas.Each awardee receives a gold medal, a certificate of honour, and 500,000 Bangladeshi takas (US$5803). A cabinet committee on national awards prepares the list of each year's nominees and forwards the list to the head of the government for final approval. The award is traditionally presented on the eve of Independence Day in Bangladesh at a much publicized ceremony attended by several cabinet and parliament members and distinguished society guests.
<Fox_Interactive>	Fox Interactive was an American video game publisher based in Los Angeles, California. The company published games based on 20th Century Fox properties, yet also published several original titles, such as Croc: Legend of the Gobbos.Fox Interactive was formed in May 1994, and was led by former Time Warner Interactive executive Ted Hoff, the company was a division of FoxVideo, the home media distribution part of 20th Century Fox, and also distributed their titles. The first two games published by the new division were The Tick, based on the Fox Kids cartoon series of the same name, and The Pagemaster, based on the film of the same name.On January 5, 1996, the company announced the release of Die Hard Trilogy for a August–September 1996 release window. The company would attend their first Electronic Entertainment Expo in 1996, and announced six mainstream titles during the event: The Simpsons Cartoon Studio, The Simpsons: Virtual Springfield and The X-Files for Windows and Macintosh, Aliens Versus Predator and Independence Day for PlayStation, Sega Saturn and Windows, and The Tick for PlayStation and Sega Saturn, alongside the already announced Die Hard Trilogy. The company also announced the launch of the Fox Toons Interactive label, consisting of educational games for Windows and Macintosh based on licensed properties, with the first five titles: Baby Felix, Hello Kitty Big Fun, Eekstravaganza,  The Tick and Keroppi being released within a Fall release window. Around this time, Electronic Arts began distributing Fox Interactive's titles outside North America. In November 1996, the company announced the release of a CD-ROM based on Romeo + Juliet for December.
<My_Two_Dads>	My Two Dads is an American sitcom television series that was produced by Michael Jacobs Productions in association with Tri-Star Television (later Columbia Pictures Television) and distributed by TeleVentures. It starred Paul Reiser, Greg Evigan, and Staci Keanan. The series premiered on NBC on September 20, 1987, airing three seasons through April 30, 1990."This is me, Nicole Bradford. This is my dad and this is my dad. How did I get two dads? they inherited me. One dad who's down to earth and one dad with his head in the clouds!" - Nicole Bradford's opening narration.
<Richard_Johnson_(actor)>	Richard Keith Johnson (30 July 1927 – 5 June 2015) was an English stage and screen actor, writer and producer. Described by Michael Coveney as "a very 'still' actor – authoritative, calm and compelling," he was a staple performer in British films and television from the 1960s through the 2010s, often playing urbane sophisticates and authoritative characters. He had a distinguished theatrical career, notably as a cornerstone member of the Royal Shakespeare Company, and was once acclaimed as "the finest romantic actor of his generation."Johnson was born to Frances Louisa Olive (née Tweed) and Keith Holcombe Johnson in Upminster, Essex.
<The_Bar_(painting)>	The Bar is a 1954 painting by Australian artist John Brack. The subject of the painting directly references Édouard Manet's 1882 work A Bar at the Folies-Bergère. It depicts a barmaid working in an Australian pub at the time of the "six o'clock swill". As in Manet's work, the patrons of the bar are shown in a reflection behind the barmaid. The work is considered a companion piece to Brack's 1955 work Collins St., 5 pm.A Melbourne art collector acquired The Bar for 90 guineas in 1954. In 2006, the painting sold for $3.12m, a then record price for an Australian artwork at auction. The anonymous buyer was later revealed to be David Walsh, owner of the Museum of Old and New Art in Hobart. He sold the painting to the National Gallery of Victoria (NGV) for the same price in 2009.
<Vilhelm_Dahlerup>	Jens Vilhelm Dahlerup (4 August 1836 – 24 January 1907) was a Danish architect who specialized in the Historicist style. One of the most productive and noted Danish architects of the 19th century, he is behind many of the most known buildings and landmarks of his time and has more than any other single architect contributed to the way Copenhagen appears today.Dahlerup was born outside Mariager in Northern Jutland, Denmark. He was the son of the vicar Michael Henrik Ludvig Dahlerup and Susanne Marie le Sage de Fontena.. He received his first drawing lessons in Århus in 1853. He then moved to Copenhagen and began his studies at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts.  Dahlerup trained under  G. F. Hetsch and J.H. Nebelong. In 1856  he won the Academy's silver and gold medals several times and finally a travelling scholarship. He exhibited at the  Charlottenborg Spring Exhibition from 1857-59.In 1859 he received the C.F. Hansen Medal.During the period 1854-64, he was employed by the architect N.S. Nebelong. Later he also an artistic consultant for the Copenhagen Port Authority and for the Royal Danish Navy Shipyard.In 1871 he became a member of the Academy, and in 1875 became a titular professor.
<Bob_Boniface>	Bob Boniface is an American automobile and industrial designer who has worked for Chrysler and General Motors.Born in Youngstown, Ohio into a family of eight children, Boniface began drawing cars at the age of four.Boniface graduated from Vanderbilt University in 1987 with a bachelor’s degree in Psychology and Economics. In 1993, he graduated with a bachelor’s of fine arts degree in Transportation Design from the College of Creative Studies in Detroit, MI.
<NAS_Award_in_Molecular_Biology>	The NAS Award in Molecular Biology is awarded by the U.S. National Academy of Sciences  "for recent notable discovery in molecular biology by a young scientist who is a citizen of the United States." It has been awarded annually since its inception in 1962.Source: NAS
<Chidambaram_(film)>	Chidambaram. (Malayalam: ചിദംബരം) is a 1985 Malayalam film written, directed and produced by G. Aravindan. It is the film adaptation of a short story by C. V. Sreeraman.  The film explores various aspects of relations between men and women through the lives of three people living in a cattle farm. Themes of guilt and redemption are also dealt with. Bharath Gopi, Smita Patil, Sreenivasan and Mohan Das play the lead roles. It won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film and five Kerala State Film Awards including Best Film and Best Direction.Shankaran works as the Office Superintendent in a vast government farm situated in the hilly areas on the border of Kerala and Tamil Nadu. His colleague Jacob is the Field Supervisor and a work addict. The two men are poles apart in their characters. Jacob is a down-to-earth and rather commonplace sort of person, whose social pride does not conflict with his easy-going attitude to morality. Shankaran, on the other hand, is a mild-mannered loner. He has an easy, friendly relationship with the workers. Muniyandi, a worker in the farm, is a timid god-fearing man. His job is to look after the cattle. One day he confesses to Shankaran that he is going to his village to get married. When he asks Jacob for leave, Jacob brusquely tells him that he must be back immediately after the wedding. But Shankaran invites him to have a drink with him in his room. Hoping that God will not notice this minor aberration. Muniyandi says a quick prayer before taking a few swigs of rum equally quickly. Then he settles down on the floor and starts singing in the praise of the Lord. The embarrassed Shankaran has to help him to his quarters.
<New_TT_Hellenic_Postbank>	New TT Hellenic Postbank was a commercial bank based in Athens, in Greece. In 2013 the Eurobank Group acquired New TT Hellenic Postbank S.A.. The operational integration of New TT Hellenic Postbank was completed in May 2014, while Eurobank decided to keep the branch network distinct, under the brand name “New TT Branch Network”.This European bank or insurance-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Osei_Sankofa>	Osei Omari Kwende Sankofa (born 19 March 1985) is an English footballer, who last played for Isthmian League Premier club Dulwich Hamlet. He plays as a defender who can play anywhere across the back line.Sankofa started out his career at Charlton Athletic and went out on loan to Bristol City and Brentford. After being released by Charlton Athletic, he joined Southend United in 2008. Following his two–years spell, where he was used primarily as a Utility player, Sankofa played for various non–league club, starting at Farnborough, Boreham Wood, Eastleigh, Hayes & Yeading United, Ebbsfleet United, Whitehawk and Dulwich Hamlet.
<United_Democrats_of_Hong_Kong>	The United Democrats of Hong Kong (Chinese: 香港民主同盟, 港同盟; UDHK) was a short-lived political party in Hong Kong founded in 1990 as the united front of the liberal democracy forces in preparation of the 1991 first ever direct election for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong. It self-proclaimed as the first political party in Hong Kong. The party won a landslide victory by sweeping 12 of the 18 directly elected seats in the 1991 LegCo elections which shook the political landscape of Hong Kong. In 1994 it was merged with another pro-democracy party Meeting Point to form the contemporary Democratic Party.The main objectives of Democrats are to maintain the prosperity and stability of Hong Kong, to better the welfare and quality of life of the people of Hong Kong; and to strengthen the position of Hong Kong as an industrial, commercial and international financial centre. In pursuit of these aims, the party strived
<Lewis_Price>	Lewis Peter Price (born 19 July 1984) is a retired Welsh international professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He is currently the First-Team Goalkeeping Coach for League One club Milton Keynes Dons.Apart from making 6 Premier League appearances for Derby County he spent his whole career in the Football League and made 11 senior appearances for Wales.
<Olivier_Assayas>	Olivier Assayas (born 25 January 1955) is a French film director, screenwriter and film critic. Assayas is known for his slow-burning period pieces, psychological thrillers, neo-noirs and French comedies. His work has become synonymous with the film movement known as the New French Extremity and has collaborated frequently with Juliette Binoche and Kristen Stewart. The son of filmmaker Jacques Rémy, Assayas began his career as a critic for influential magazine Cahiers du Cinéma. Here he wrote about the World Cinema and its film auteurs who would later influence his own works. Assayas made several shorts, and then made the leap from writer to screenwriter.He made his directorial film debut with Disorder in 1986. He continued directing films, with Cold Water (1994) becoming a breakthrough film in his career. It would be his first film to be screened at the Cannes Film Festival in the Un Certain Regard section. His follow up film Irma Vep (1996) also screened at Cannes, while Sentimental Destinies (2000), Demonlover (2002), and Clean (2004) all officially competed for the Palme d'Or.  In 2006, he contributed a short film to the anthology film Paris, je t'aime (2006) with fellow directors such as Alexander Payne, Coen Brothers and Alfonso Cuarón. He gained acclaim with his dramas Summer Hours (2008), Clouds of Sils Maria (2014) and Personal Shopper (2016); the latter won him the Cannes Film Festival Award for Best Director. He has also directed the comedy Non-Fiction (2018) and the spy thriller Wasp Network (2019).
<Jaguar_S-Type>	Jaguar S-Type is the name of two vehicles:1963–1968 Jaguar S-Type1999–2007 Jaguar S-Type
<The_Naked_Ape>	The Naked Ape: A Zoologist's Study of the Human Animal is a 1967 book by English zoologist and ethologist Desmond Morris that looks at humans as a species and compares them to other animals. The Human Zoo, a follow-up book by Morris that examined the behaviour of people in cities, was published in 1969.The Naked Ape, which was serialised in the Daily Mirror newspaper and has been translated into 23 languages, depicts human behaviour as largely evolved to meet the challenges of prehistoric life as a hunter (see Nature versus nurture).  The book was so named because out of 193 species of monkeys and apes, only humans (Homo sapiens sapiens) are not covered in hair. Desmond Morris, the author, who had been the curator of mammals at London Zoo, said his book was intended to popularise and demystify science.
<New_Frontier_Party_(Japan)>	The New Frontier Party (新進党, Shinshintō, NFP, lit. "New Progressive Party") was a political party in Japan founded in December 1994. As a merger of several small parties, the party was ideologically diverse, with its membership ranging from moderate social democrats to liberals and conservatives. The party dissolved in December 1997, with Ichirō Ozawa's faction forming the Liberal Party and other splinters later joining the Democratic Party of Japan in April 1998.The party was founded on 10 December 1994 by former member parties of the anti-Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) opposition coalition led by Morihiro Hosokawa who had resigned in April. During the formation of the succeeding Hata cabinet, several coalition parties formed a joint parliamentary group. But at the same time, the Japan Socialist Party (JSP) and the New Party Sakigake withdrew from the eight-party coalition and left Hata without majority. In June, the LDP returned to power by striking a "grand" coalition deal with the JSP under which the Socialists would receive the prime ministership. Hata resigned before an impending no-confidence vote submitted by the LDP: In less than a year, the anti-LDP coalition had broken down. After the electoral reform initiated by the anti-LDP coalition had been passed by the new LDP-JSP coalition in November 1994, the opposition parties negotiated on creating a unified force to contest the newly introduced First-past-the-post voting single-member electoral districts that now elect the majority of the House of Representatives: In December, the Japan Renewal Party, a part of Kōmeitō which had split a few days before, the Democratic Socialist Party (DSP), the Japan New Party and the Jiyū Kaikaku Rengō ("Liberal Reform League" a federation of several small groups of Diet members who had broken away from the LDP) formed the New Frontier Party, becoming the largest single party formed in post-war Japan other than the LDP.On 8 December 1994, the Diet members of the future party elected former LDP Prime Minister Toshiki Kaifu as leader, Kaifu received 131 votes, former Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata 52 and DSP leader Takashi Yonezawa 32 votes. In 1995, Kaifu was succeeded by Ichirō Ozawa who led the party from 1995 until its dissolution in 1997. Ozawa won the leadership election among party members and registered supporters (tōyū) in December 1995 with 1,120,012 votes against Tsutomu Hata who received 566,998 votes. Ozawa was reelected just a few days before the party dissolved in a vote among NFP Diet members and delegates from NFP prefectural federations in December 1997, defeating Michihiko Kano by 230 votes to 182.
<Tricia_Leigh_Fisher>	Tricia Leigh Fisher is an American actress and singer.Fisher was born to singer Eddie Fisher and actress Connie Stevens. Her older sister is actress and singer Joely Fisher. She has two half-siblings, actor and producer Todd Fisher and actress Carrie Fisher, from her father's previous marriage to actress Debbie Reynolds. Fisher's paternal grandparents were Russian-Jewish immigrants. Fisher's parents divorced when she was a baby and she and Joely were raised by Stevens. As children, both Tricia and Joely began performing on stage in their mother's Las Vegas show. They toured the world with their mother, attending many different schools and having tutors. Both girls also attended Beverly Hills High School.[citation needed]Fisher made her debut in the 1985 crime drama Stick, starring Burt Reynolds, Candice Bergen, George Segal, and Charles Durning. She then starred as Daphne Ziegler in the 1986 comedy Pretty Smart. In 1987, Fisher appeared in the television movie Strange Voices, opposite Valerie Harper. The following year, she landed a role in the TV movie Bring Me the Head of Dobie Gillis, also starring her mother as well as Dwayne Hickman and Bob Denver. In 1989, Fisher appeared in two movies, Hollywood Chaos and C.H.U.D. II: Bud the C.H.U.D., followed by roles in the 1990 comedy, Book of Love and Arizona Dream starring Johnny Depp, Jerry Lewis, and Faye Dunaway.
<Hamburger_Hochbahn>	Hamburger Hochbahn AG (HHA), founded in 1911, operates the underground system and large parts of the bus system in Hamburg, Germany.The HHA was founded by Siemens & Halske and AEG as a consortium on 27 May 1911. The first chairman was Albert Ballin.From 1919 until 1978, the HHA operated a large tram network, and from 5 December 1921 the HHA also operated the first motor buses in Hamburg. After the acquisition of the Straßen-Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft (SEG) in 1919 and the Hamburg-Altonaer-Centralbahngesellschaft AG in 1923, the HHA had a rolling stock of 865 power cars and 930 trailers by 1928. The length of tracks was 217.33 km. In 1970 the length of the lines were only 82.7 km, in 1978 they were 89.5 km with 80 stations.
<University_of_Tennessee>	The University of Tennessee (officially The University of Tennessee, Knoxville; or UT Knoxville; UTK; or UT) is a public land-grant research university in Knoxville, Tennessee. Founded in 1794, two years before Tennessee became the 16th state, it is the flagship campus of the University of Tennessee system, with ten undergraduate colleges and eleven graduate colleges. It hosts more than 30,000 students from all 50 states and more than 100 foreign countries. It is classified among "R1: Doctoral Universities – Very high research activity".UT's ties to nearby Oak Ridge National Laboratory, established under UT President Andrew Holt and continued under the UT–Battelle partnership, allow for considerable research opportunities for faculty and students. Also affiliated with the university are the Howard H. Baker Jr. Center for Public Policy, the University of Tennessee Anthropological Research Facility, and the University of Tennessee Arboretum, which occupies 250 acres (100 ha) of nearby Oak Ridge and features hundreds of species of plants indigenous to the region. The university is a direct partner of the University of Tennessee Medical Center, which is one of two Level I trauma centers in East Tennessee.
<Man_Sai-cheong>	Man Sai-cheong, (Chinese: 文世昌; 15 July 1944 – 4 April 2015) was a member of the member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (1991–95), Urban Council of Hong Kong (1986–95) and Eastern District Board (1988–94).Born on 15 July 1944 in Hong Kong, Man was educated at the Queen's College and attended the University of Hong Kong and received degrees in Bachelor of Arts and Master of Philosophy. He later on got a diploma in library studies at the University of London. He was also a solicitor.
<Fumiko_Enchi>	Fumiko Enchi (円地 文子, Enchi Fumiko, 2 October 1905 – 12 November 1986) was the pen-name of Fumiko Ueda, one of the most prominent Japanese women writers in the Shōwa period of Japan. As a writer, Enchi is best known for her explorations into the ideas of sexuality, gender, human identity, and spirituality.Fumiko Ueda was born in Asakusa, Tokyo, the second daughter of Tokyo Imperial University linguist and professor Ueda Kazutoshi [ja] and his wife Tsuruko. Her father served as president of Kokugakuin University, president of Kogakkan University, was a member of the House of Peers, and was later credited with establishing the foundations of modern Japanese linguistics. Her family also included her paternal grandmother Ine, elder brother Hisashi, elder sister Chiyo, as well as maids, houseboys, a wet nurse, and a rickshaw driver and his wife.Of poor health as a child, she was unable to attend classes in school on a regular basis, so her father decided to keep her at home. She was taught English, French and Chinese literature through private tutors. She was also strongly influenced by her paternal grandmother, who introduced her to the Japanese classics such as The Tale of Genji, as well as to Edo period gesaku novels and to the kabuki and bunraku theater. A precocious child, at age 13, her reading list included the works of Oscar Wilde, Edgar Allan Poe, Kyōka Izumi, Kafū Nagai, Ryūnosuke Akutagawa, and especially Jun'ichirō Tanizaki, whose sado-masochistic aestheticism particularly fascinated her. As a child she also gained access to many rare texts when Basil Hall Chamberlain, a mentor in linguistics to her father, donated his entire library of over eleven thousand books to the family before leaving the country in 1910.
<Jeffrey_Byron>	Jeffrey Byron (born Timothy Paul Stafford; November 28, 1955) is an American actor and writer. Byron has acted in both film and television, and co-wrote one movie script (The Dungeonmaster).Byron was born in Santa Monica, California, the third son of English actress Anna Lee by her second husband, George Stafford. He appeared at the 31st Emmy Award ceremony, accepting his mother's lifetime achievement award. In 1964 he appeared in "The Bewitchin' Pool", the last original broadcast episode of The Twilight Zone. This article about a United States film and television actor born in the 1950s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Capitalia>	Capitalia was an Italian banking group headquartered in Rome. The bank was a listed company in Borsa Italiana (Milan Stock Exchange). The bank was acquired by UniCredit by issuing new shares of UniCredit for shares of Capitalia.Capitalia was formed on 1 July 2002 in a merger of Banca di Roma (and its subsidiary Banco di Sicilia and Mediocredito Centrale) and Bipop Carire (and its subsidiary Fineco). In the same year the bank sold 10 branches from Apulia, Campania and Molise regions to Banca Popolare di Puglia e Basilicata.Capitalia in turn agreed to be taken over by UniCredit in May 2007, becoming part of the second-largest bank in the European Union by stock market value and the sixth-largest in the world.[citation needed]
<Sarah_Roemer>	Sarah Christine Roemer (born August 28, 1984) is an American actress and model. One of her best-known roles was a supporting character in Disturbia, and she has also starred in a number of films including Asylum, Hachi: A Dog's Tale, Fired Up!, Waking Madison, and The Con Artist, as well as the television series The Event and Chosen.Roemer was born on August 28, 1984 in San Diego, California. At the age of 15 she was recruited by a modeling agency while at 7-Eleven. She attended Horizon Junior and Senior High School and relocated to Los Angeles and started her modeling career.
<W_Network>	W Network (often shortened to W) is a Canadian English language specialty channel owned by Corus Entertainment. The channel primarily broadcasts general entertainment programming oriented towards a female audience.W Network was established in 1995 as the Women's Television Network (WTN), which had a focus on women's lifestyle programming. The channel was eventually acquired by Corus in 2001 and relaunched under its current branding in 2002. As part of the relaunch, W's programming shifted to a mix of both entertainment and lifestyle programming. By 2017, W had moved its lifestyle programming to its sister networks, focusing exclusively on entertainment programming.
<Harry_Lane>	Harry Lane (August 28, 1855 – May 23, 1917) was an American politician in the state of Oregon. A physician by training, Lane served as the head of the Oregon State Insane Asylum before being forced out by political enemies. After a decade practicing medicine, the progressive Democrat won election as the mayor of Portland in 1905, gaining re-election in 1907. Lane's tenure in office was largely uneventful, although he did gain lasting recognition for having appointed the first female police officer in America in 1908 as well as for his vision that the city should host an annual Rose Festival.In November 1912, Lane was elected to the United States Senate where he was a leading advocate for women's suffrage and a more benevolent relationship between the American government and the nation's Native American population. He voted against American participation in World War I in April 1917, an action which made him the prospective subject of a recall effort. This campaign was rendered moot when Lane died in office on May 23, 1917.Harry Lane was born in Corvallis, Oregon, a small town on the banks of the Willamette River, on August 28, 1855. He was the son of Eliza Jane and Nathaniel Lane. The elder Lane was a successful participant in the California Gold Rush of the late 1840s who had returned to Oregon to invest his mining proceeds in construction of a lumber mill.
<Buffy_the_Vampire_Slayer>	Buffy the Vampire Slayer is an American supernatural drama television series created by writer and director Joss Whedon. It is based on the 1992 film of the same name, also written by Whedon, although the events of the film are not considered canon to the series. Whedon served as executive producer and showrunner under his production tag Mutant Enemy Productions.The series premiered on March 10, 1997, on The WB and concluded on May 20, 2003, on UPN. The series narrative follows Buffy Summers (played by Sarah Michelle Gellar), the latest in a line of young women known as "Vampire Slayers", or simply "Slayers". In the story, Slayers, or the "Chosen Ones", are chosen by fate to battle against vampires, demons and other forces of darkness. Buffy wants to live a normal life, but as the series progresses, she learns to embrace her destiny. Like previous Slayers, Buffy is aided by a Watcher, who guides, teaches and trains her. Unlike her predecessors, Buffy surrounds herself with a circle of loyal friends who become known as the "Scooby Gang" – a reference to the animated franchise Scooby-Doo that features a group of friends solving mysteries together.
<New_York_Brickley_Giants>	The New York Giants (informally known as Brickley's Giants and Brickley's New York Giants) were a professional American football team with the American Professional Football Association (now the National Football League) whose only season played was in 1921. The team has also been referred to as the Brooklyn Giants and Brickley's Brooklyn Giants. The Brickley's Giants were the first of 17 professional football teams to represent New York City at one time or another. The team was founded in 1919 by Charles Brickley, who received All-American honors while at Harvard. Brickley's Giants played two games in their only season, losing to the Buffalo All-Americans, 55–0, and the Cleveland Tigers, 17–0. It was the second-shortest-lived franchise in APFA/NFL history, behind only another former New York APFA team, the Tonawanda Kardex, who played only one game in the same 1921 season.The team was sponsored by the New York Giants professional baseball team, and coached by Brickley, a halfback who was generally considered the finest kicker of his day. Home games were to be played at the baseball Giants' home field, the Polo Grounds.The team was formed with the intent of competing in 1919. However, after the team's first practice, the 1919 schedule, that began with an opening day game against the Massillon Tigers, was scratched because of conflict with New York's blue laws. In 1919 the city allowed professional baseball on Sunday and the Giants thought the law would also apply to football. However, it was ruled that professional football was still outlawed on Sundays, so the team disbanded.
<Pam_Buchanan>	Pamela Ann Buchanan (née Slocombe; 6 February 1937 – 31 March 1992) was an Australian politician who was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia between 1983 and 1992. She represented the Labor Party for the majority of her time in parliament, and was a minister in the Lawrence government, but resigned to sit as an independent in 1991.Buchanan was born in Perth to Doris May (née Brittain) and Walter Scott Slocombe. She attended Perth Girls' High School, and later went on to Perth Technical College. From 1967 to 1976, she was a preschool administrator in Roebourne, in the state's north-west, where she also ran an adult education centre for Aboriginals. A member of the Labor Party from 1976, from 1980 to 1982 Buchanan was an assistant in the Karratha office of Peter Dowding, a member of the Legislative Council for North Province and also a future premier. Later president of the party's Wickham branch, she ran for the seat of Pilbara at the 1983 state election, winning with 58.77% of the vote. She replaced the retiring Liberal member, Brian Sodeman, who had held the seat since 1974. Buchanan increased her majority to 64.67% at the 1986 election, after which she was made a government whip.
<Gail_Omvedt>	Gail Omvedt (2 August 1941 – 25 August 2021) was an American-born Indian sociologist and human rights activist. She was a prolific writer and published numerous books on the anti-caste movement, Dalit politics, and women's struggles in India. Omvedt was involved in Dalit and anti-caste movements, environmental, farmers' and women's movements, especially with rural women.Omvedt's dissertation was titled Cultural Revolt in a Colonial Society: The Non-Brahman Movement in Western India, 1873-1930.
<Brittany_Byrnes>	Brittany Anne Byrnes (born 31 July 1987) is an Australian actress. Her most notable acting role has been Charlotte Watsford in H2O: Just Add Water.Byrnes was born in Australia and trained in all aspects of dance at the Bradshaw Dancers Performing Arts Academy from the age of four. She attended Terra Sancta College in Quakers Hill, a suburb of Sydney, during her high school years.
<Roland_Hinton_Perry>	Roland Hinton Perry (January 25, 1870 – October 27, 1941) was an American sculptor and painter.Perry was born in New York City to George and Ione Hinton Perry, and entered the École des Beaux Arts in 1890 at the age of 19. At 21, he studied at the Académie Julian and Académie Delécluse in Paris and focused on sculpture, the medium in which he would achieve the most artistic success.After returning to the United States, Perry received a commission to sculpt a series of bas-reliefs for the Library of Congress in Washington, D.C. in 1894. The following year, he was commissioned to create the Court of Neptune Fountain in front of the Library's main building, now known as the Thomas Jefferson Building.
<K._T._Stevens>	K.T. Stevens (born Gloria Wood, July 20, 1919 – June 13, 1994) was an American film and television actress.Stevens was born in Los Angeles, the daughter of film producer and director Sam Wood. She made her first film appearance when she was just two years old in her father's second silent film, Peck's Bad Boy (1921).As an adult, she changed her name to K.T. Stevens to distance herself from her father's fame. She initially called herself Katherine Stevens, which people often shorted to Katie, leading to the final version with the initials K.T.
<Crabwalk>	Crabwalk, published in Germany in 2002 as Im Krebsgang, is a novel by Danzig-born German author Günter Grass. As in earlier works, Grass concerns himself with the effects of the past on the present; he interweaves various strands and combines fact and fiction. While the murder of Wilhelm Gustloff by David Frankfurter and the sinking of the ship the Wilhelm Gustloff are real events, the fictional members of the Pokriefke family bring these events into our own time.The title, Crabwalk, defined by Grass as "scuttling backward to move forward," refers to both the necessary reference to various events, some occurring at the same time, the same events that would lead to the eventual disaster. Crabwalk might also imply a more abstract backward glance at history, in order to allow a people to move forward. The protagonist's awkward relationships with his mother and his estranged son, explored via the crabbed process of scouring the wreckage of history for therapeutic insight, lends appropriateness to the title.The narrator of the novella is the journalist Paul Pokriefke, who was born on 30 January 1945 on the day that the Strength Through Joy ship, the Wilhelm Gustloff, was sunk. His young mother-to-be, Tulla Pokriefke (born in Danzig, and already known to readers from two parts of the Danzig Trilogy, Cat and Mouse and Dog Years), found herself among the more than 10,000 passengers on the ship and was among those saved when it went down. According to Tulla, Paul was born at the moment the ship sank, on board the torpedo boat which had rescued them. His life is heavily influenced by these circumstances, above all because his mother Tulla continually urges him to fulfill his 'duty' and to commemorate the event in writing.
<David_Bevan_(footballer)>	David Bevan (born 24 June 1989) is an Irish footballer who most recently played for AFC Rushden & Diamonds as a goalkeeper. He began his career with Aston Villa in the Premier League, but left for League One side Walsall without making a first-team appearance at Villa Park. After a single season at Walsall, he dropped to non-league football. Bevan has also represented the Republic of Ireland at various youth levels.Born in Cork, Ireland, Bevan joined English football at the start of the 2004–2005 season when he joined Aston Villa's academy from College Corinthians. He joined up with Hull City on loan for part of the 2006–07 season, making a few youth team appearances for the club. After returning to Villa, Bevan found first and reserve team chances limited and was sent out on an initial month's loan to Conference North side Tamworth, on 23 September 2008 to gain some experience.
<Belal_Muhammad>	Belal Muhammad (born July 9, 1988) is an American mixed martial artist who is currently competing in the UFC welterweight division. A professional since 2012, he has also competed for Bellator and Titan FC. As of October 24, 2022, he is #4 in the UFC welterweight rankings.Muhammad was born and raised in Chicago, Illinois, to Palestinian parents. He has four siblings: an older brother, older sister and two younger brothers. He wrestled at Bogan High School and attended, but did not complete a degree, at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
<Orihuela_CF>	Orihuela Club de Fútbol is a Spanish football team based in Orihuela, in the Valencian Community. Founded in 1993 it plays in Tercera División RFEF – Group 3, holding home games at Estadio Municipal Los Arcos, with a capacity of 7,000 seats.On 4 August 1993, the chairman of Orihuela Juventud y Deportes, Pedro Albarracín, received a notification from the Valencian Community Football Federation, allowing him to change the name of the club to Orihuela Club de Fútbol. A few months before, when the youth team of Atlético Orihuela was promoted to Liga Nacional Juvenil de Fútbol, the presidents of both clubs, Albarracín and Francisco Polín González, agreed on a merge, which created Orihuela Club de Fútbol.The first club home kit was orange shirts and white shorts, as former Orihuela Juventud y Deportes, because the historical Orihuela Deportiva CF (founded in 1944) was still competing. Once the latter disappeared in 1994, Orihuela CF adopted their colours (yellow and blue) and became the most important local team.
<Sufia_Ahmed>	Sufia Ahmed (née Ibrahim;  20 November 1932 – 9 April 2020) was a Bangladeshi academician. She was selected as the first female National Professor of Bangladesh in January 1995. She was awarded Ekushey Padak in 2002 by the Government of Bangladesh.Ahmed was born in the Faridpur District to M Ibrahim, a justice and former vice-chancellor of the University of Dhaka and Lutfunnessa Ibrahim. She was a student of Brojomohun College in Barisal. In 1950, she got admitted to the University of Dhaka (DU). She was one of the female forerunners to break section 144 and deny the curfew in DU Campus on February 21, 1952. She earned her Ph.D. degree in 1960 in London.Ahmed joined as a faculty member at the Department of Islamic History and Culture of the University of Dhaka in 1961. She was a visiting professor of Bosphorus University in Istanbul and Alverno College in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
<Costas_Mandylor>	Costas Mandylor (born Konstantinos Theodosopoulos; 3 September 1965) is an Australian actor. He is best known for his role as Kenny in Picket Fences and for portraying Mark Hoffman in the Saw films.
<George_Duning>	George Duning (February 25, 1908 – February 27, 2000) was an American musician and film composer. He was born in Richmond, Indiana, and educated in Cincinnati, Ohio, at the Cincinnati Conservatory of Music, where his mentor was Mario Castelnuovo-Tedesco.In the 1940s, Duning played trumpet and piano for the Kay Kyser band, later arranging most of the music for Kyser's radio program, Kay Kyser's Kollege of Musical Knowledge. It was during the Kyser band's appearance in Carolina Blues (1944) that Duning's work was noticed, leading to a contract with Columbia Pictures. Duning joined the Navy in 1942 and served as a conductor and arranger with Armed Forces Radio.
<Yoichiro_Nambu>	Yoichiro Nambu (南部 陽一郎, Nanbu Yōichirō, 18 January 1921 – 5 July 2015) was a Japanese-American physicist and professor at the University of Chicago. Known for his contributions to the field of theoretical physics, he was awarded half of the Nobel Prize in Physics in 2008 for the discovery in 1960 of the mechanism of spontaneous broken symmetry in subatomic physics, related at first to the strong interaction's chiral symmetry and later to the electroweak interaction and Higgs mechanism. The other half was split equally between Makoto Kobayashi and Toshihide Maskawa "for the discovery of the origin of the broken symmetry which predicts the existence of at least three families of quarks in nature."Nambu was born in Tokyo, Japan, in 1921. After graduating from the then Fukui Secondary High School in Fukui City, he enrolled in the Imperial University of Tokyo and studied physics. He received his Bachelor of Science in 1942 and Doctorate of Science in 1952. In 1949 he was appointed to associate professor at Osaka City University and promoted to professorship the next year at the age of 29.
<George_Batchelor>	George Keith Batchelor FRS (8 March 1920 – 30 March 2000) was an Australian applied mathematician and fluid dynamicist.He was for many years a Professor of Applied Mathematics in the University of Cambridge, and was founding head of the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics (DAMTP). In 1956 he founded the influential Journal of Fluid Mechanics which he edited for some forty years. Prior to Cambridge he studied at Melbourne High School and University of Melbourne.
<Charles_Hale_Hoyt>	Charles Hale Hoyt (July 26, 1859 – November 20, 1900) was an American dramatist and playwright. He was married twice, to stage actresses Flora Walsh and Caroline Miskel Hoyt, both of whom died young. The shock of the death of his second wife contributed towards his own behavior and alcohol consumption which culminated in his own death.Hoyt was born in Concord, New Hampshire.  He had a difficult childhood, as his mother died when he was ten years old.  He graduated at the Boston Latin School and, after being engaged in the cattle business in Colorado for a time, took up newspaper work, first with the Saint Albans, Vermont, Advertiser, and later becoming musical and dramatic critic of The Boston Post.Beginning in 1883, Hoyt turned playwright and wrote a series of 20 farcical comedies (roughly one per year until his death) and a comic opera. Hoyt's plays emphasized individualized characters drawn from the everyday experiences of ordinary people.  His 10th play, A Trip to Chinatown (1891), with its hit tune "The Bowery" and its then-record 657 performancei run, and his 1883 play, A Milk-White Flag, were the most successful.  Both were performed at Hoyt's Madison Square Theatre in New York, often called simply "Hoyt's Theatre" during the seven years he ran it.  He was a highly popular playwright and producer, and was very financially successful, thanks in part to the assistance of his business partners, Charles W. Thomas and Frank McKee. A Parlor Match (1884), adapted from a vaudeville act, was another popular Hoyt play.
<David_Eisenberg>	David S. Eisenberg (born 15 March 1939[citation needed]) is an American biochemist and biophysicist best known for his contributions to structural biology and computational molecular biology, a professor at the University of California, Los Angeles since the early 1970s and director of the UCLA-DOE Institute for Genomics & Proteomics since the early 1990s, as well as a member of the California NanoSystems Institute (CNSI) at UCLA.Eisenberg attended Harvard University and graduated in 1961 with an A.B. in Biochemical Sciences. He went on to the University of Oxford, where he was awarded a D.Phil in 1965 for research supervised by Charles Coulson.Eisenberg's current research focuses on the structural biology of amyloidogenic proteins, while his computational efforts largely center on the development of bioinformatic/proteomic methodologies for elucidation and analysis of protein interaction networks. His research group hosts the Database of Interacting Proteins.
<Medina_Wharf_Halt_railway_station>	Medina Wharf Railway Station was a private halt between Cowes and Newport on the Isle of Wight that provided a way for workers at the nearby wharf to get to work before the road was laid. No shelter for its few passengers was ever provided  and it never appeared on a public timetable. Additionally a non-passenger-carrying coal train transported coal from the siding via the halt to Ryde. After the Southern Railway took over from the IWCR the whole complex was extensively rebuilt.After the closure of the passenger station in 1966, freight traffic continued for about a year until the track was lifted in the early 1970s. The trackway is now part of NCN route 23.
<Clemence_Dane>	Clemence Dane CBE is the pseudonym of Winifred Ashton (21 February 1888 – 28 March 1965), an English novelist and playwright.After completing her education, Dane went to Switzerland to work as a French tutor, but returned home after a year. She studied art in London and Germany. After the First World War, she taught at a girls' school and began writing. She took the pseudonym "Clemence Dane" from the church, St Clement Danes on the Strand, London.
<Raymond_F._Almirall>	Raymond F. Almirall (1869-1939) was an American architect of the Beaux-Arts period, practicing in New York City.Almirall was born in New York in 1869. He studied architecture at Cornell University and at the Ecole des Beaux Arts in Paris. In 1896 he established an architectural firm in New York City with John W. Ingle, Ingle & Almirall.  The firm lasted until the end of 1900, when Almirall opened an independent office.  In the mid-teens, Almirall made Philip Alain Cusachs a member of his new firm, Almirall & Cusachs, which lasted into the 1920s.He was a very creative architect for his time and his work incorporated the latest architectural techniques including structural steel, reinforced cement and reinforced concrete  
<Moby>	Richard Melville Hall (born September 11, 1965), known professionally as Moby, is an American musician, songwriter, singer, producer, and animal rights activist. He has sold 20 million records worldwide. AllMusic considers him to be "among the most important dance music figures of the early 1990s, helping bring dance music to a mainstream audience both in the United States and the United Kingdom".After taking up guitar and piano at age nine, he played in several underground punk rock bands through the 1980s before turning to electronic dance music. In 1989, he moved to New York City and became a prolific figure as a DJ, producer and remixer. His 1991 single "Go" was his mainstream breakthrough, especially in Europe, where it peaked within the top ten of the charts in the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. Between 1992 and 1997 he scored eight top 10 hits on the Billboard Dance Club Songs chart including "Move (You Make Me Feel So Good)", "Feeling So Real", and "James Bond Theme (Moby Re-Version)". Throughout the decade he also produced music under various pseudonyms, released the critically acclaimed Everything Is Wrong (1995), and composed music for films. His punk-oriented album Animal Rights (1996) alienated much of his fan base.
<CFYN>	CFYN was a Canadian AM radio station, which broadcast at 1050 kHz in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario from 1977 to 1992. From 1934 to 1977, the station broadcast with the call sign CJIC.The first radio station in Sault Ste. Marie, CJIC signed on October 25, 1934.  It was owned by Grant Hyland and Jack Whitby and broadcast from studios in the city's Windsor Hotel. By 1935, programming had been expanded and, over time, several notable announcers were added to the staff.In 1936, Grant Hyland bought out his partner to take total control of the station.
<Norman_Lamb>	Sir Norman Peter Lamb (born 16 September 1957) is a  British politician and solicitor. He was the Liberal Democrat Member of Parliament  (MP) for North Norfolk from 2001 to 2019, and was the chair of the Science and Technology Select Committee from 2017 to 2019.Lamb was a candidate in the 2015 Liberal Democrats leadership election. He served most recently as Minister of State for Care and Support in the Department of Health, and previously  as Minister of State for Employment Relations in the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills, and earlier as Parliamentary Private Secretary to Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg in the Conservative-Liberal Democrat Coalition Government.
<Laurent_Wauquiez>	Laurent Timothée Marie Wauquiez (French pronunciation: ​[lo.ʁɑ̃ ti.mɔ.te ma.ʁi vo.kje]; born 12 April 1975) is a French politician who has presided over the Regional Council of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes since 2016. He is a member of The Republicans (LR), which he led from 2017 to 2019 following the resignation of Nicolas Sarkozy.Wauquiez was Secretary of State for European Affairs under the Foreign Minister Alain Juppé; and previously Secretary of State for Employment under the Minister of the Economy, Industry and Employment from March 2008 in François Fillon's government. He also was Government Spokesman from June 2007 to March 2008 as Minister of State under the Prime Minister. He was elected as 2nd Vice President of the ORU Fogar at the organisation's General Assembly held in Quito, Ecuador on 16 October 2016.On 10 December 2017, Wauquiez was elected to the presidency of The Republicans with 74% of the vote. Pundits have described him as moving the party to the right. On 2 June 2019, a week after overseeing the worst result for the right in its history in the European election with 8% of the vote, Wauquiez announced his resignation as party president.
<Kenneth_S._Reightler_Jr.>	Kenneth Stanley Reightler Jr. (born March 24, 1951) is a former NASA astronaut.Reightler was born March 24, 1951, in Patuxent River, Maryland, but considers Virginia Beach, Virginia, to be his hometown. Married to the former Maureen Ellen McHenry, a psychotherapist; they have two daughters. He enjoys sailing, especially racing Chesapeake Bay Log Canoes, reading, music, hiking, and travel. His father, Mr. Kenneth S. Reightler Sr., and mother, Evelyn, are deceased. Maureen's mother, Mrs. Jean W. McHenry, and her father, Commander William H. McHenry (USN), are deceased. He graduated from Bayside High School, Virginia Beach, in 1969, and received a Bachelor of Science degree in Aerospace Engineering from United States Naval Academy in 1973. He received Master of Science degrees in 1984, in Aeronautical Engineering from the U.S. Naval Postgraduate School and in Systems Management from University of Southern California.Reightler was designated a Naval Aviator in August 1974 at Corpus Christi, Texas. After replacement pilot training in the P-3C airplane, he reported to Patrol Squadron 16 (VP-16) in Jacksonville, Florida, serving as both a mission commander and patrol plane commander. He made deployments to Keflavík, Iceland, and to Sigonella, Sicily. Following jet transition training, Reightler attended the U.S. Naval Test Pilot School at NAS Patuxent River, Maryland.
<Texas_(TV_series)>	Texas is an American daytime soap opera, which aired on NBC from August 4, 1980, until December 31, 1982, sponsored and produced by Procter and Gamble Productions at NBC Studios in Brooklyn, New York City. It is a spin-off of Another World, co-created by head writers John William Corrington and Joyce Hooper Corrington, and executive producer of Another World at the time, Paul Rauch. Rauch held the title of executive producer for the parent series and its spin-off until 1981.The Corringtons' initial concept was for a show set in the antebellum South entitled Reunion, but NBC wanted something more in line with the hugely successful CBS primetime soap Dallas, which was dominating the ratings. Rauch then chose to have the show revolve around the popular Another World character Iris Cory Carrington, played by Beverlee McKinsey. Iris initially set out to visit her grown son Dennis (Jim Poyner), who had relocated from Bay City to Houston. Within a matter of weeks, Iris reconnected and became romantically involved with her first love, Alex Wheeler (Bert Kramer).A slew of characters debuted on Another World in the months prior to August 1980, in the hope that when they eventually moved over to Texas, they would have made enough impact with viewers so they would watch Texas, too.
<Cass_Sunstein>	Cass Robert Sunstein (born September 21, 1954) is an American legal scholar known for his studies of constitutional law, administrative law, environmental law, law and behavioral economics. He is also The New York Times best-selling author of The World According to Star Wars (2016) and Nudge  (2008). He was the Administrator of the White House Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs in the Obama administration from 2009 to 2012.As a professor at the University of Chicago Law School for 27 years, he wrote influential works on regulatory and constitutional law, among other topics. Since leaving the White House, Sunstein has been the Robert Walmsley University Professor at Harvard Law School. In 2014, studies of legal publications found Sunstein to be the most frequently cited American legal scholar by a wide margin.
<Charlie_McDonnell>	Charlie McDonnell (born 1 October 1990) is a British filmmaker, screenwriter, musician, former vlogger, author and Twitch streamer from Bath, Somerset. On 15 June 2011, her YouTube channel charlieissocoollike became the first in the UK to reach one million subscribers.As a musician, McDonnell was a member of Doctor Who-themed rock band Chameleon Circuit and was also a member of the short-lived project Sons of Admirals until it was disbanded in May 2011. In 2010, McDonnell released a solo album titled This Is Me. McDonnell directed a series of short films from 2013 to 2014, and co-hosted the weekday morning YouTube breakfast show Cereal Time with Capital FM presenter and fellow YouTube vlogger Jimmy Hill from 2015 to 2016. In 2016, she published a book, Fun Science.
<Charterhouse_Capital_Partners>	Charterhouse Capital Partners is a London based private equity investment firm focused on investing in European mid-market companies valued between €200m and €1.5bn. The company targets investments across the services, healthcare, specialised industrials and consumer sectors.Founded in 1934, Charterhouse Capital Partners is one of Europe’s oldest private equity firms. The firm's predecessors, then a division of Charterhouse Bank, began raising third party equity in 1976. In June 2001, the firm's management completed a management buyout from HSBC to become an independent investment firm.
<Sayyid_Ahmedullah_Qadri>	Sayyid Ahmedullah Qadri ( 9 August 1909 – 5 October 1985), known as Lisan-ul-Mulk, was a writer, author, critic, editor-in-chief, Indian independence activist, Indian politician and an acclaimed figure of Hyderabad, India. He was president of Lutfuddaulah Oriental Research Institute Hyderabad, president of Hyderabad Journalist Association, member of State Library Council.Qadri was awarded civilian award Padma Shri in 1966 by the government of India for his work in literature and education. He was also a member of Andhra Pradesh State Legislative Council and chairman of Andhra Pradesh state Hajj Committee. Further he was founder and editor-in-chief of the Urdu daily newspaper Saltanat and Paisa Akhbar;  prior to that he was editor in Tarikh Publications, which was founded by his father since 1929.
<Rut_Holm>	Rut Holm (1 November 1900 – 4 July 1971) was a Swedish film actress.This article about a Swedish actor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Dwayne_Hickman>	Dwayne Bernard Hickman (May 18, 1934 – January 9, 2022) was an American actor and television executive, producer and director, who worked as an executive at CBS and had also briefly recorded as a vocalist. Hickman portrayed Chuck MacDonald, Bob Collins' girl-crazy teenaged nephew, in the 1950s The Bob Cummings Show and the title character in the 1960s sitcom The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis. He was the younger brother of actor Darryl Hickman, with whom he appeared on screen. After retirement, he devoted his time to painting personalized paintings.Born in Los Angeles, on May 18, 1934, Hickman was the younger brother of child actor Darryl Hickman and the older brother of Deidre Hickman. His father, Milton, sold insurance and his mother, Katherine Louise (née Ostertag), was a housewife. His maternal grandfather, Louis Henry Ostertag, was a US Navy seaman on Commodore George Dewey's flagship, the cruiser USS Olympia (C-6), and present at the Battle of Manila Bay on May 1, 1898, for which he was awarded the Dewey Medal by Act of Congress. Hickman graduated from Cathedral High School in 1952 and intended to become a Passionist priest, but ultimately chose not to become a priest and attended Loyola Marymount University.
<Jany_Holt>	Jany Holt (born Ruxandra Ecaterina Vladescu Olt, 13 May 1909 – 26 October 2005) was a Romanian-born actress, who worked principally in the French cinema.Holt married French actor Marcel Dalio in 1936, divorcing in 1939. In 1940, Holt married author Jacques Porel, the son of stage and early silent film actress Gabrielle Réjane and director Paul Porel; Holt and Porel stayed in France during the Nazi occupation. During that period, Holt continued acting in films while she also worked with the French Resistance, later receiving the Croix de Guerre from General de Gaulle.Holt appeared in 48 films and television productions between 1931 and 1995.
<Christopher_Guest>	Christopher Haden-Guest, 5th Baron Haden-Guest (born February 5, 1948) is an American-British screenwriter, composer, musician, director, actor, and comedian. Guest is most widely known in Hollywood for having written, directed, and starred in his series of comedy films shot in mock-documentary (mockumentary) style. Many scenes and character backgrounds in Guest's films are written and directed, although actors have no rehearsal time and the ensemble improvises scenes while filming them. The series of films began with This Is Spinal Tap (which he did not direct) and continued with Waiting for Guffman, Best in Show, A Mighty Wind,  For Your Consideration, and Mascots.Guest holds a hereditary British peerage as the 5th Baron Haden-Guest, and has publicly expressed a desire to see the House of Lords reformed as a democratically elected chamber. Though he was initially active in the Lords, his career there was cut short by the House of Lords Act 1999, which removed the right of most hereditary peers to a seat in the parliament. When using his title, he is normally styled as Lord Haden-Guest. Guest is married to the actress and author Jamie Lee Curtis.
<Shaun_Timmins_(footballer)>	Shaun Timmins is a footballer who plays as a left back for Dandenong City in the NPL Victoria in Australia.Timmins has also played for Redditch United, Team Wellington, Wellington Phoenix as well as a number of teams in the state leagues of Australia.Timmins has also represented the Republic of Ireland national team at youth level.
<Suburgatory>	Suburgatory is an American television sitcom created by Emily Kapnek that aired on ABC from September 28, 2011, to May 14, 2014. The series originally aired on Wednesday nights at 8:30/7:30 Central following The Middle. The title is a portmanteau, devised by former CNN Senior Producer Linda Keenan, of the words "suburban" and "purgatory". On May 9, 2014, Suburgatory was canceled by ABC after three seasons.The series follows George Altman, a single father who decides to get away from New York City to the suburbs so he can give his teenage daughter, Tessa, a better life. However, their move to the suburbs has his daughter wondering if they just entered the world of The Stepford Wives after they see how eerily perfect their new locale is, right down to the neighbors who welcome them into their cul-de-sac.
<Morris_Perry>	Frank Morris Perry (28 March 1925 – 19 September 2021) was a British actor, best known for his roles on television.Perry was born in Bromley, Kent, England. His TV credits include City Beneath the Sea, The Avengers, Z-Cars, Champion House, The Champions, The Persuaders!, Doctor Who (in the serial Colony in Space), Doomwatch, Special Branch, The Sweeney, Survivors, The Professionals, Secret Army, Reilly, Ace of Spies, The Bill, Midsomer Murders and Not Going Out. His film credits include Nothing But the Night (1973), One Hour to Zero (1976), Sweeney! (1977), The Human Factor (1979), Silver Dream Racer (1980), The Bunker (1981) and Crush (2001). In 2004 he appeared in the BAFTA award-winning short film Letters of Service.
<Henry_Taube>	Henry Taube, FRSC (November 30, 1915 – November 16, 2005) was a Canadian-born American chemist who was awarded the 1983 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for "his work in the mechanisms of electron-transfer reactions, especially in metal complexes."  He was the second Canadian-born chemist to win the Nobel Prize, and remains the only Saskatchewanian-born Nobel laureate. Taube completed his undergraduate and master's degrees at the University of Saskatchewan, and his PhD from the University of California, Berkeley.  After finishing graduate school, Taube worked at Cornell University, the University of Chicago and Stanford University.In addition to the Nobel Prize, Taube also received many other major scientific awards, including the Priestley Medal in 1985 and two Guggenheim Fellowships early in his career (1949 and 1955), as well as numerous honorary doctorates.  His research focused on redox reactions, transition metals and the use of isotopically labeled compounds to follow reactions.  He had over 600 publications including one book, and had mentored over 200 students during his career.  Taube and his wife Mary had three children; his son Karl is an anthropologist at the University of California Riverside.
<Jacqueline_Andere>	María Esperanza Jacqueline Andere-Aguilar (born August 20, 1938) is a Mexican actress.Andere was born in a Jewish family located Mexico City on August 20 1938. Her appearances in telenovelas began with 1960's Vida por Vida, and one of her major roles as a villainess was in La Madrastra opposite Victoria Ruffo and Peregrina. She also starred in Soy Tu Dueña opposite Lucero and Fernando Colunga.  She was married to José María Fernández Unsáin for more than 30 years, from 1967 to his death in 1997. They had one child together, Chantal Andere, who is also an actress.The two starred in 2002's telenovela La Otra, where Chantal played the younger version of the character her mother played. Jacqueline has been active since 1959. She has been chosen as one of the killers in the popular series Mujeres Asesinas. One of her most famous films was La Casa del Pelícano. She will star as the antagonist in Emilio Larrosa's telenovela: Libre para amarte.
<Sally_Eilers>	Dorothea Sally Eilers (December 11, 1908 – January 5, 1978) was an American actress.Eilers was born in New York City to a Jewish-American mother, Paula (or Pauline) Schoenberger, and a German-American father, Hio Peter Eilers (an inventor). She had one sibling, a brother, Hio Peter Eilers Jr. When Eilers was young, she moved to Los Angeles with her parents, and in 1927 she graduated from Fairfax High School.
<Sevilla_FC>	Sevilla Fútbol Club (Spanish pronunciation: [seˈβiʎa ˈfuðβol ˈkluβ]) is a Spanish professional football club based in Seville, the capital and largest city of the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain. It plays in Spanish football's top flight, La Liga. Sevilla have won the UEFA Europa League six times, the most of any club. It is Spain's oldest sporting club solely devoted to football. The club was formed on 25 January 1890, with the Scottish born Edward Farquharson Johnston as their first president. On 14 October 1905, the club's articles of association were registered in the Civil Government of Seville under the presidency of the Jerez-born José Luis Gallegos Arnosa.Sevilla FC has a long-standing rivalry with cross-city rivals Real Betis.Sevilla FC is also the most successful football club in Andalusia in terms of titles, with eighteen Andalusian Cups, one national league title in 1945–46, five Spanish Cup titles (1935, 1939, 1948, 2007 and 2010), one Spanish Super Cup (2007), a record six UEFA Cups/UEFA Europa Leagues (2006, 2007, 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2020) and one UEFA Super Cup (2006). They were also designated by the International Federation of Football History & Statistics as the World's best club in 2006 and 2007, thus being the first club to achieve this distinction in two consecutive years.
<Harlem>	Harlem is a neighborhood in Upper Manhattan, New York City. It is bounded roughly by the Hudson River on the west; the Harlem River and 155th Street on the north; Fifth Avenue on the east; and Central Park North on the south. The greater Harlem area encompasses several other neighborhoods and extends west and north to 155th Street, east to the East River, and south to Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard, Central Park, and East 96th Street.Originally a Dutch village, formally organized in 1658, it is named after the city of Haarlem in the Netherlands. Harlem's history has been defined by a series of economic boom-and-bust cycles, with significant population shifts accompanying each cycle. Harlem was predominantly occupied by Jewish and Italian Americans in the 19th century, but African-American residents began to arrive in large numbers during the Great Migration in the 20th century. In the 1920s and 1930s, Central and West Harlem were the center of the Harlem Renaissance, a major African-American cultural movement. With job losses during the Great Depression of the 1930s and the deindustrialization of New York City after World War II, rates of crime and poverty increased significantly. In the 21st century, crime rates decreased significantly, and Harlem started to gentrify.
<Columbia,_South_Carolina>	Columbia is the capital of the U.S. state of South Carolina. With a population of 136,632 at the 2020 census, it is the second-largest city in South Carolina. The city serves as the county seat of Richland County, and a portion of the city extends into neighboring Lexington County. It is the center of the Columbia metropolitan statistical area, which had a population of 829,470 in 2020 and is the 72nd-largest metropolitan statistical area in the nation. The name Columbia is a poetic term used for the United States, derived from the name of Christopher Columbus, who explored for the Spanish Crown. Columbia is often abbreviated as Cola, leading to its nickname as "Soda City."The city is located about 13 miles (21 km) northwest of the geographic center of South Carolina, and is the primary city of the Midlands region of the state. It lies at the confluence of the Saluda River and the Broad River, which merge at Columbia to form the Congaree River. As the state capital, Columbia is the site of the South Carolina State House, the center of government for the state. In 1860, the South Carolina Secession Convention took place in Columbia; delegates voted for secession, making South Carolina the first state to leave the Union in the events leading up to the Civil War.
<Salem,_Massachusetts>	Salem (/ˈseɪləm/ SAY-ləm) is a historic coastal city in Essex County, Massachusetts, located on the North Shore of Greater Boston. Continuous settlement by Europeans began in 1626 with English colonists. Salem would become one of the most significant seaports trading commodities in early American history.Today Salem is a residential and tourist area that is home to the House of Seven Gables, Salem State University, Pioneer Village, the Salem Maritime National Historic Site, Salem Willows Park, and the Peabody Essex Museum. It features historic residential neighborhoods in the Federal Street District and the Charter Street Historic District. The city's population was 44,480 at the 2020 census.Salem is widely noted for the infamous Salem witch trials of 1692. Some of Salem's police cars are adorned with witch logos, a public elementary school is known as Witchcraft Heights, and the Salem High School athletic teams are named the Witches. Gallows Hill is believed to have once been the site of many public hangings, including of persons convicted as witches. It is now a park and used as a playing field for various sports.
<Joyce_Moreno_(footballer)>	Joyce Renato Moreno Venecia (born 29 September 1974) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defender.Moreno was born in Panama City. During his career the Real Madrid youth graduate (having appeared only for their reserves as a senior), represented Real Oviedo – appearing in 27 matches during the 1997–98 season in his first La Liga experience – CD Leganés, Burgos CF, RSD Alcalá, CD Badajoz, DAV Santa Ana, Granada CF and UE Sant Andreu.Moreno made his debut in the Spanish top division on 7 September 1997, playing the full 90 minutes for Oviedo in a 3–3 away draw against Real Zaragoza. He retired in June 2008, aged 33.
<Grover_Dale>	Grover Dale is an American actor, dancer, choreographer, theater director, and publisher.Dale was born Grover Robert Aitken in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, to Emma Bertha (Ammon) and Ronal Rittenhouse Aitken, a restaurateur.[citation needed] He studied dance with Lillian Jasper in McKeesport from 1945 to 1950. Partnering up with another dancer (Mary Lou Steele) in an aggressive rendition of "Slaughter On Tenth Avenue, Grover secured multiple performance opportunities in local nightclubs before getting his first professional job with the Pittsburgh Civic Light Opera in 1953.[citation needed]
<Walter_W._Law>	Walter William Law (November 13, 1837 – January 17, 1924) was a businessman and the founder of the 8,000-person village of Briarcliff Manor, New York. He was a vice president of furniture and carpet retailer W. & J. Sloane, and later founded the Briarcliff Lodge, the Briarcliff Table Water Company, Briarcliff Farms, and the Briarcliff Greenhouses. He founded or assisted in establishing several schools, churches, and parks in the village, and rebuilt its train station in 1906. In the early 1900s, Walter Law was the largest individual landholder in Westchester County.Walter Law was born in Kidderminster, England, and was one of ten children of a carpet dealer. He relocated to the United States in 1859, where he lived until his death. Throughout his life, he was employed at various places, including at W. & J. Sloane, where he worked for 24 years. After retiring to a house on Scarborough Road in the small community of Whitson's Corners, New York, he developed the surrounding farmland into a suburban village. Law died in 1924 in Summerville, South Carolina, during rest cure treatment.
<General_Motors>	The General Motors Company (GM) is an American multinational automotive manufacturing company headquartered in Detroit, Michigan, United States. It is the largest automaker in the United States and was the largest in the world for 77 years before losing the top spot to Toyota in 2008.General Motors operates manufacturing plants in eight countries. Its four core automobile brands are Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, and Cadillac. It also holds interests in Chinese brands Wuling Motors and Baojun as well as DMAX via joint ventures. Additionally, GM also owns the BrightDrop delivery vehicle manufacturer, a namesake Defense vehicles division which produces military vehicles for the United States government and military; the vehicle safety, security, and information services provider OnStar; the auto parts company ACDelco, a namesake financial lending service; and majority ownership in the self-driving cars enterprise Cruise LLC.
<Distinguished_Service_Order>	The Distinguished Service Order (DSO) is a military decoration of the United Kingdom, as well as formerly of other parts of the Commonwealth, awarded for meritorious or distinguished service by officers of the armed forces during wartime, typically in actual combat. Since 1993 it has been awarded specifically for 'highly successful command and leadership during active operations', with all ranks being eligible.Instituted on 6 September 1886 by Queen Victoria in a royal warrant published in The London Gazette on 9 November, the first DSOs awarded were dated 25 November 1886.
<Angus_Wilson>	Sir Angus Frank Johnstone-Wilson, CBE (11 August 1913 – 31 May 1991) was an English novelist and short story writer. He was one of England's first openly gay authors. He was awarded the 1958 James Tait Black Memorial Prize for The Middle Age of Mrs Eliot and later received a knighthood for his services to literature.Wilson was born in Bexhill, Sussex, England, to an English father, William Johnstone-Wilson, and South African mother, Maude (née Caney), of a wealthy merchant family of Durban. Wilson's grandfather had served in a prestigious Scottish army regiment, and owned an estate in Dumfriesshire, where William Johnstone-Wilson (despite being born at Haymarket) was raised, and where he subsequently lived.
<Polish_United_Workers'_Party>	The Polish United Workers' Party (Polish: Polska Zjednoczona Partia Robotnicza; Polish pronunciation: [pɔlska zjɛdnɔʈ͡ʂɔna partʲa rɔbɔtɲiʈ͡ʂa]), commonly abbreviated to PZPR, was the communist party which ruled the Polish People's Republic as a one-party state from 1948 to 1989. The PZPR had led two other legally permitted subordinate minor parties together as the Front of National Unity and later Patriotic Movement for National Rebirth. Ideologically, it was based on the theories of Marxism-Leninism, with a strong emphasis on left-wing nationalism. The Polish United Workers' Party had total control over public institutions in the country as well as the Polish People's Army, the UB-SB security agencies, the Citizens' Militia (MO) police force and the media.The falsified 1947 Polish legislative election granted the far-left complete political authority in post-war Poland. The PZPR was founded forthwith in December 1948 through the unification of two previous political entities, the Polish Workers' Party (PPR) and the Polish Socialist Party (PPS). Since 1952, the position of "First Secretary" of the Polish United Workers' Party was equivalent to that of a dictator, the president or the head of state in other world countries. Throughout its existence, the PZPR maintained close ties with ideologically-similar parties of the Eastern Bloc, most notably the Socialist Unity Party of Germany, Communist Party of Czechoslovakia and the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. Between 1948 and 1954, nearly 1.5 million individuals registered as Polish United Workers' Party members, and membership rose to 3 million by 1980.
<Humlehjertene>	Humlehjertene (English: The Bumblebee Hearts) is a novel published in 1980 by the Norwegian writer Ola Bauer. The narrator travels to Paris, falls in love with the Finnish girl "Marja", and ends up on the barricades with paving stones in his hands. As a former journalist Bauer had been in Paris during the May 1968 events. Bauer was awarded the Gyldendal's Endowment for his literary works in 1982.The novel is the third in a series about the character "Jo Vendt". The independent sequel Rosapenna was published in 1983.
<Arlington_County,_Virginia>	Arlington County is a county in the  Commonwealth of Virginia. The county is situated in Northern Virginia on the southwestern bank of the Potomac River directly across from the District of Columbia, of which it was once a part. The county is coextensive with the U.S. Census Bureau's census-designated place of Arlington. Arlington County is considered to be the second-largest "principal city" of the Washington metropolitan area, although Arlington County does not have the legal designation of independent city or incorporated town under Virginia state law.In 2020, the county's population was estimated at 238,643, making Arlington the sixth-largest county in Virginia by population; if it were incorporated as a city, Arlington would be the third most populous city in the state. With a land area of 26 square miles (67 km2), Arlington is the geographically smallest self-governing county in the U.S., and by reason of state law regarding population density, it has no incorporated towns within its borders. It is the 5th highest-income county in the U.S. by median family income, and is the 11th most densely populated county in the United States.
<Kevin_McCarthy_(actor)>	Kevin McCarthy (February 15, 1914 – September 11, 2010) was an American stage, film and television actor remembered as the male lead in the horror science fiction film Invasion of the Body Snatchers (1956).Following several television guest roles, McCarthy gave his first credited film performance in Death of a Salesman (1951), portraying Biff Loman to Fredric March's Willy Loman. The role earned him a Golden Globe Award and a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
<Ian_Agol>	Ian Agol (born May 13, 1970) is an American mathematician who deals primarily with the topology of three-dimensional manifolds.Agol graduated with B.S. in mathematics from the California Institute of Technology in 1992 and obtained his Ph.D. in 1998 from the University of California, San Diego.  At UCSD, his advisor was Michael Freedman and his thesis was Topology of Hyperbolic 3-Manifolds. He is a professor at the University of California, Berkeley and a former professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago.In 2004, Agol proved the Marden tameness conjecture, a conjecture of Albert Marden. It states that a hyperbolic 3-manifold with finitely generated fundamental group is homeomorphic to the interior of a compact 3-manifold. The conjecture was also independently proven by Danny Calegari and David Gabai, and implies the Ahlfors measure conjecture.
<Felix_Frankfurter>	Felix Frankfurter (November 15, 1882 – February 22, 1965) was an Austrian-American jurist who served as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States from 1939 until 1962, during which period he was a noted advocate of judicial restraint in its judgements.Frankfurter was born in Vienna, immigrating to New York City at the age of 12. After graduating from Harvard Law School, Frankfurter worked for Henry L. Stimson, the U.S. Secretary of War. During World War I, Frankfurter served as Judge Advocate General. After the war, he helped found the American Civil Liberties Union and returned to his position as a professor at Harvard Law School. He became a friend and adviser of President Franklin D. Roosevelt, who appointed him to fill the Supreme Court vacancy caused by the death of Benjamin N. Cardozo. Although Frankfurter's personal political views were strongly liberal, his experience with the Supreme Court's Lochner era in which conservative justices struck down economic regulations, led him to oppose judicial intervention and his jurisprudence was generally conservative.
<England_national_football_team>	The England national football team has represented England in international football since the first international match in 1872. It is controlled by The Football Association (FA), the governing body for football in England, which is affiliated with UEFA and comes under the global jurisdiction of world football's governing body FIFA. England competes in the three major international tournaments contested by European nations: the FIFA World Cup, the UEFA European Championship, and the UEFA Nations League.England is the joint oldest national team in football having played in the world's first international football match in 1872, against Scotland. England's home ground is Wembley Stadium, London, and its training headquarters is St George's Park, Burton upon Trent. The team's manager is Gareth Southgate.
<Tim_Jenkinson>	Tim Jenkinson is Professor of Finance at the Saïd Business School, University of Oxford. His research is on initial public offerings (in particular the analysis of bookbuilding), securitisation and private equity. He teaches the Private Equity course on the MBA, which has been the most popular elective in recent years. He was awarded the Teaching Innovation Award by the 2007 graduating Executive MBA Class for this course.Jenkinson has written widely on finance and economics, and his work has been published in leading journals, including the Journal of Finance, Review of Financial Studies, Journal of Financial Economics, Journal of Corporate Finance, Economic Journal and the European Economic Review. He is a research fellow of the Centre for Economic Policy Research, a research associate of the European Corporate Governance Institute and managing editor of the Oxford Review of Economic Policy. He is also a director of various companies, including economic consulting firm Oxford Economic Research Associates (Oxera), the leading German utility-switching company Verivox Group, and the UK-listed investment fund PSource Structured Debt (LSE: PSD). He has consulted for a large number of companies, regulators, government agencies and industry associations. Jenkinson received a bachelor's degree in economics from the University of Cambridge having studied at Churchill College as an undergraduate, a master's degree in economics from the University of Pennsylvania, and a D.Phil. from Oxford. He joined the faculty of the economics department at Oxford University in 1987 and was a visiting professor at Dartmouth College. He joined the Saïd Business School in 2000.
<Louis_Alphonse,_Duke_of_Anjou>	Louis Alphonse de Bourbon (Spanish: Luis Alfonso Gonzalo Víctor Manuel Marco de Borbón y Martínez-Bordiú; French: Louis Alphonse Gonzalve Victor Emmanuel Marc de Bourbon; born 25 April 1974) is the head of the House of Bourbon. Members of the family formerly ruled France and other countries. According to the legitimists, Louis Alphonse is considered the pretender to the defunct throne of France as Louis XX. With the death of his father, he has been using the title of Duke of Anjou since 1989.Louis Alphonse considers himself the senior heir of Hugh Capet, King of the Franks (reigned 987–996). His claim to the defunct French throne is based on his descent from Louis XIV of France (r. 1643–1715) through his grandson Philip V of Spain. Philip renounced his claim to the French throne under the Treaty of Utrecht in 1713. The rival Orleanist pretenders argue that this, as well as being born a Spanish citizen, makes Louis Alphonse ineligible for the throne. They also question whether he truly is the heir-male of Louis XIV, given the rumors of illegitimacy surrounding Alfonso XII (his great-great-grandfather).
<Brian_De_Palma>	Brian Russell De Palma (born September 11, 1940) is an American film director and screenwriter. With a career spanning over 50 years, he is best known for his work in the suspense, crime and psychological thriller genres. De Palma was a leading member of the New Hollywood generation of film directors. His direction often makes use of quotations from other films or cinematic styles, and bears the influence of filmmakers such as Alfred Hitchcock and Jean-Luc Godard.His films have been criticized for their violence and sexual content but have also been championed by American critics such as Roger Ebert and Pauline Kael. His films include mainstream box office hits such as Carrie (1976), Dressed to Kill (1980), Scarface (1983), The Untouchables (1987), and Mission: Impossible (1996), as well as cult favorites such as Sisters (1972), Phantom of the Paradise (1974), Blow Out (1981), Casualties of War (1989), and Carlito's Way (1993).
<Sonia_Greene>	Sonia Haft Greene Lovecraft Davis (March 16, 1883 – December 26, 1972) was an American one-time pulp fiction writer and amateur publisher, businesswoman and  milliner who bankrolled several fanzines in the early twentieth century. She is noted for her thirteen-year marriage to American weird fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft. She was a president of the United Amateur Press Association.Some of Greene's biographical details are unclear – she was born as either Sonia Haft Shafirkin or as Sonia Shaferkin Haft, in either Ichnia, Ukraine, Russian Empire or Konotop, Chernigov Province, to Simyon and Racille (Haft) Shafirkin. It is known that she came from a Jewish family. Her father apparently died when she was a child in 1888, and her mother emigrated to the United States, leaving Sonia and her brother in Liverpool at the Baron Maurice de Hirsch School. Sonia joined her mother in the United States in 1892, after her mother remarried to a shopkeeper named Samuel Morris.
<Seattle_SuperSonics>	The Seattle SuperSonics (commonly known as the Seattle Sonics) were an American professional basketball team based in Seattle. The SuperSonics competed in the National Basketball Association (NBA) as a member club of the league's Western Conference Pacific and Northwest divisions from 1967 until 2008. After the 2007–08 season ended, the team relocated to Oklahoma City, where they now play as Oklahoma City Thunder.Sam Schulman owned the team from its 1967 inception until 1983. It was then owned by Barry Ackerley until 2001, when it came under ownership of Basketball Club of Seattle, headed by Starbucks chairman emeritus, former president and CEO Howard Schultz. On July 18, 2006, Basketball Club of Seattle sold  SuperSonics and its Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) sister franchise Seattle Storm to Professional Basketball Club LLC, headed by Oklahoma City businessman Clay Bennett. The NBA Board of Governors approved the sale on October 24, 2006, and finalized it seven days later, at which point the new ownership group took control. After failing to find public funding to construct a new arena in the Seattle area, SuperSonics moved to Oklahoma City before the 2008–09 season, following a $45 million settlement with the city of Seattle to pay off their existing lease at the KeyArena at Seattle Center before it expired in 2010.
<OCT_Bay>	OCT Harbour (Chinese: 欢乐海岸), formerly known as OCT Bay and Happy Harbour, is a large retail and entertainment complex in Shenzhen, China. It covers an area of roughly 1.25 km2. and features amongst others, a manmade lake and canals, hotels and a shopping mall. It was opened to the public in 2011.
<Aritz_Solabarrieta>	Aritz Solabarrieta Aranzamendi (born 22 July 1983) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as a right midfielder, currently a manager.Born in Ondarroa, Basque Country and a product of Athletic Bilbao's prolific youth ranks at Lezama, Solabarrieta played only one full season for its first team, 2004–05, helping with 11 matches as the Basque finished ninth. His La Liga debut came on 13 November 2004 in a 2–1 home win against Villarreal CF, as he came on as a substitute for Andoni Iraola in injury time.After a loan with neighbours SD Eibar of Segunda División, which ended in relegation, Solabarrieta was released by the Lions in December 2006 and resumed his career in the Segunda División B, starting with Atlético Madrid B. He retired in June 2015 at the age of nearly 32, after two years with amateurs CD Aurrerá Ondarroa in his hometown.
<Maria_Susanna_Cummins>	Maria Susanna Cummins (April 9, 1827 – October 1, 1866) was an American novelist. She was the author of the widely popular novel The Lamplighter.Maria Susanna Cummins was born in Salem, Massachusetts, on April 9, 1827. She was the daughter of Honorable David Cummins and Maria F. Kittredge, and was the eldest of four children from that marriage. The Cummins family resided in the neighborhood of Dorchester in Boston, Massachusetts. Cummins' father encouraged her to become a writer at an early age. She studied at Mrs. Charles Sedgwick's Young Ladies School in Lenox, Massachusetts.In 1854, she published the novel The Lamplighter, a sentimental book which was widely popular and which made its author well-known. One reviewer called it "one of the most original and natural narratives". Within eight weeks, it sold 40,000 copies and totaled 70,000 by the end of its first year in print. She wrote other books, including Mabel Vaughan (1857), none of which had the same success.  Cummins also published in some of the popular periodicals of her day.
<Tampa,_Florida>	Tampa (US: /ˈtæmpə/) is a city on the Gulf Coast of the U.S. state of Florida. The city's borders include the north shore of Tampa Bay and the east shore of Old Tampa Bay. Tampa is the largest city in the Tampa Bay area and the seat of Hillsborough County. With a population of 384,959 according to the 2020 census, Tampa is the third-most populated city in Florida after Jacksonville and Miami and is the 52nd most populated city in the United States.Tampa functioned as a military center during the 19th century with the establishment of Fort Brooke. The cigar industry was also brought to the city by Vincente Martinez Ybor, after whom Ybor City is named. Tampa was formally reincorporated as a city in 1887, following the Civil War. Today, Tampa's economy is driven by tourism, health care, finance, insurance, technology, construction, and the maritime industry. The bay's port is the largest in the state, responsible for over $15 billion in economic impact.
<Up_the_Junction>	Up the Junction is a 1963 collection of short stories by Nell Dunn that depicts contemporary life in the industrial slums of Battersea and Clapham Junction.The book uses colloquial speech, and its portrayal of petty thieving, sexual encounters, births, deaths and back-street abortion provided a view of life that was previously unrecognised by many people. The book won the 1963 John Llewellyn Rhys Memorial Prize.
<New_Zealand_Labour_Party>	The New Zealand Labour Party (Māori: Rōpū Reipa o Aotearoa), or simply Labour (Reipa), is a centre-left political party in New Zealand.  The party's platform programme describes its founding principle as democratic socialism, while observers describe Labour as social-democratic and pragmatic in practice. The party participates in the international Progressive Alliance. It is one of two major political parties in New Zealand, alongside its traditional rival, the National Party.The New Zealand Labour Party formed in 1916 out of various socialist parties and trade unions. It is the country's oldest political party still in existence. Alongside the National Party, Labour has alternated in leading governments of New Zealand since the 1930s. As of 2020[update], there have been six periods of Labour government under ten Labour prime ministers. The party has traditionally been supported by working class, urban, Māori, Pasifika, immigrant and trade unionist New Zealanders, and has had strongholds in inner cities and the Māori seats for much of its existence. The party is currently strongest in Wellington, Palmerston North and Hamilton, where it won all of the electorates in 2020. Labour also won the party vote in 71 out of 72 electorates in that election, making them overwhelmingly the most successful political party of the MMP era.
<Marc_Richards>	Marc John Richards (born 8 July 1982) is an English former professional footballer who played as a striker and is now, upon retiring, a first-team coach at Northampton Town.A youth team player at Hednesford Town, he turned professional at Blackburn Rovers in 2000. He spent the 2001–02 season on loan at Crewe Alexandra, Oldham Athletic, and Halifax Town. He then spent much of the 2002–03 season on loan at Swansea City, before he was allowed to join Northampton Town in summer 2003. He scored eleven goals for the club in 2003–04, though was sent out on loan to Rochdale in the latter half of the 2004–05 campaign after he found himself struggling with injury. He joined Barnsley in August 2005, and went on to score twelve goals in 2005–06, helping the club win promotion to the Championship via the play-offs. Released at the end of the 2006–07 season, he signed with Port Vale in June 2007. After five goals in 2007–08, he became the club's top-scorer for four seasons running with 11 goals in 2008–09, 22 goals in 2009–10, 20 goals in 2010–11, and 17 goals in 2011–12. He signed with Chesterfield in May 2012, and played for the club in the 2014 final of the League Trophy, before helping them to win the League Two title in 2013–14. He returned to Northampton Town in May 2014, and finished as the club's top-scorer for two consecutive seasons, helping Northampton to win the League Two title in 2015–16. He signed with Swindon Town in January 2018 and after one-and-a-half seasons with Swindon moved on to Cambridge United in August 2019. He joined non-League side Yeovil Town in January 2020 and moved on to St Ives Town seven months later.
<2ZB>	2ZB was a radio station based in Wellington, New Zealand. This station was run by Radio New Zealand (formally the NZBS/NZBC/BCNZ) and eventually spawned a second FM station called B90FM. Today 2ZB and B90FM are part of a nationwide networks Newstalk ZB and The Hits respectively.The station was started by Radio New Zealand (which at the time was known as the National Broadcasting Service) in 1937, originally broadcasting on 980AM. The station was branded from the station's callsign 2ZB. ZB stations were assigned to the four main regions in New Zealand, Auckland, Wellington, Christchurch and Dunedin. While content was mostly local, some network shows were heard, such as Aunt Daisy up until 1963. In 1978 the station moved to 1035AM after New Zealand changed from 10 kHz spacing on the AM band to 9 kHz spacing.
<Stanley_B._Prusiner>	Stanley Benjamin Prusiner (born May 28, 1942) is an American neurologist and biochemist. He is the director of the Institute for Neurodegenerative Diseases at University of California, San Francisco (UCSF). Prusiner discovered prions, a class of infectious self-reproducing pathogens primarily or solely composed of protein. He received the Albert Lasker Award for Basic Medical Research in 1994 and the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1997 for prion research developed by him and his team of experts (David E. Garfin, D. P. Stites, W. J. Hadlow, C. W. Eklund) beginning in the early 1970s.Prusiner was born in Des Moines, Iowa, the son of Miriam (Spigel) and Lawrence Prusiner, an architect. He spent his childhood in Des Moines and Cincinnati, Ohio, where he attended Walnut Hills High School, where he was known as "the little genius" for his groundbreaking work on a repellent for Boxelder bugs. Prusiner received a Bachelor of Arts degree in chemistry from the University of Pennsylvania and later received his M.D. from the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine. Prusiner then completed an internship in medicine at the University of California, San Francisco. Later Prusiner moved to the National Institutes of Health, where he studied glutaminases in E. coli in the laboratory of Earl Stadtman.[citation needed]After three years at NIH, Prusiner returned to UCSF to complete a residency in neurology. Upon completion of the residency in 1974, Prusiner joined the faculty of the UCSF neurology department. Since that time, Prusiner has held various faculty and visiting faculty positions at both UCSF and UC Berkeley.[citation needed]
<The_Village_(2013_TV_series)>	The Village  is a BBC television series written by Peter Moffat. The drama is set in a Derbyshire village in the early 20th century. The first series of what Moffat hoped would become a 42-hour televised drama following an extended family through the 20th century, was broadcast in spring 2013 and covered the years 1914 to 1920. A second series was broadcast in autumn 2014, and continued the story into the 1920s. The programme did not return after the second series.The Village tells the story of life in a Derbyshire village through the eyes of a central character, Bert Middleton. Bert has been portrayed as a boy by Bill Jones, as a teen by Alfie Stewart, as a young man by Tom Varey, and as an old man by David Ryall. John Simm plays Bert's father John Middleton, an abusive, alcoholic Peak District farmer, and Maxine Peake plays Bert's mother, Grace.
<Artur_Kirilenko>	Artur Vladimirovich Kirilenko (Russian: Арту́р Влади́мирович Кириле́нко, born 22 June 1972), a Russian entrepreneur, between 1994 and 2010 was owner and director of Stroymontazh, one of the largest property development companies in St Petersburg, Russia. Honorary Builder of Russia.In 2008 Finance magazine estimated his personal wealth at $1.1 billion and included him in their list of 100 richest people in Russia (ranked 91) and named him as one of the ten richest businessmen in St. Petersburg.From 2010 Artur Kirilenko is actively engaged in property management and financing of real estate development projects both in Russia and in Europe.
<Haywards_Heath>	Haywards Heath is a town in West Sussex, England, 36 miles (58 km) south of London, 14 miles (23 km) north of Brighton, 13 miles (21 km) south of Gatwick Airport and 31 miles (50 km) northeast of the county town, Chichester. Nearby towns include Burgess Hill to the southwest, Horsham to the northwest, Crawley northwest and East Grinstead northeast. With only a relatively small number of jobs available in the immediate vicinity, mostly in the agricultural or service sector, many residents work "remotely" or commute daily via road or rail to London, Brighton, Crawley or Gatwick Airport for work.The first element of the place-name Haywards Heath is derived from the Old English hege + worð, meaning hedge enclosure, with the later addition of hǣð. The place-name was first recorded in 1261 as Heyworth, then in 1359 as Hayworthe, in 1544 as Haywards Hoth (i.e. 'heath by the enclosure with a hedge'), and in 1607 as Hayworths Hethe.
<New_Standard_Aircraft_Company>	The New Standard Aircraft Company was an airplane manufacturing company based in the United States. It operated from 1927 until 1931.The company was originally formed as the Gates-Day Aircraft Company on October 17, 1927, in Paterson, New Jersey. The founders were Ivan R. Gates (owner of the famous Gates Flying Circus) and Charles H. Day (an aviation engineer with the Standard Aircraft Corporation). The company initially updated the Standard Aircraft Corporation's Standard J-1 United States Army aircraft trainer and then sold it on the civilian market. The firm built a number of biplanes on the J-1 model, including the Gates-Day D-25, GD-23, and GD-24.Day left the company in April 1928, and Charles L. Augur became its new president. With more stable finances, the company changed its name to the New Standard Aircraft Company on December 29, 1928. The company at one time considered merging with six other, unnamed aviation firms to form a much larger manufacturing concern, but this plan was never acted on. The company continued to develop a large line of aircraft, but the onset of the Great Depression left it significantly weakened. Day returned to the firm as president in 1930, but sold his financial interest in the company in the spring of 1931. The company went bankrupt later that year.
<Singapore>	Singapore (/ˈsɪŋ(ɡ)əpɔːr/ (listen)), officially the Republic of Singapore, is an island country and city-state in maritime Southeast Asia. It lies about one degree of latitude (137 kilometres or 85 miles) north of the equator, off the southern tip of the Malay Peninsula, bordering the Strait of Malacca to the west, the Singapore Strait to the south, the South China Sea to the east, and the Straits of Johor to the north. The country's territory is composed of one main island, 63 satellite islands and islets, and one outlying islet; the combined area of these has increased by 25% since the country's independence as a result of extensive land reclamation projects. It has the third highest population density in the world. With a multicultural population and recognising the need to respect cultural identities of the major ethnic groups within the nation, Singapore has four official languages: English, Malay, Mandarin, and Tamil. English is the lingua franca and numerous public services are available only in English. Multiracialism is enshrined in the constitution and continues to shape national policies in education, housing, and politics.Singapore's history dates back at least a millennium, having been a maritime emporium known as Temasek and subsequently as a major constituent part of several successive thalassocratic empires. Its contemporary era began in 1819 when Stamford Raffles established Singapore as an entrepôt trading post of the British Empire. In 1867, the colonies in Southeast Asia were reorganised and Singapore came under the direct control of Britain as part of the Straits Settlements. During World War II, Singapore was occupied by Japan in 1942, and returned to British control as a separate Crown colony following Japan's surrender in 1945. Singapore gained self-governance in 1959 and in 1963 became part of the new federation of Malaysia, alongside Malaya, North Borneo, and Sarawak. Ideological differences, most notably the perceived encroachment of the egalitarian "Malaysian Malaysia" political ideology led by Lee Kuan Yew into the other constituent entities of Malaysia—at the perceived expense of the bumiputera and the policies of Ketuanan Melayu—eventually led to Singapore's expulsion from the federation two years later; Singapore became an independent sovereign country in 1965.
<Steve_Berra>	Steve Berra (born May 10, 1973) is an American professional skateboarder and director, and is also the cofounder/co-owner of the  skateboarding website The Berrics.Berra grew up in both Nebraska and Missouri and he explained in 2007 that his family was poor: "I was considered poor when I was growing up. I didn't have a phone." Berra was bullied at school for skateboarding and struggled as a student, with Berra stating that he "was the kid who everybody assumed was a complete lost cause." It was at the age of 14 years that the isolated Berra, who had a small number of friends at the time, decided that a professional skateboarding career was his aspiration.In pursuit of his skateboarding career, Berra relocated to southern California, US when he was 18 years old and lived with skateboarding legend Tony Hawk. Hawk provided guidance to Berra regarding the skateboarding industry and advised, "You have to look at skating as fun. But it's not a career," due to the subculture's marginal status at the time.
<John_Jaffer_Janardhanan>	John Jaffer Janardhanan is a 1982 Malayalam-language masala film directed by I. V. Sasi, written by T. Damodaran, starring Ratheesh, Ravindran and Mammootty. It is a remake of the 1977 Hindi film Amar Akbar Anthony.Three brothers were separated at a young age, after their father abandoned them. The reason was because, their father had taken the blame of the crime committed by his master, Robert. The eldest was raised by a Hindu police officer, The second brother was raised by a Church priest, and the youngest was raised by a Muslim tailor.Many years later, the eldest son, Janardhan, is now a righteous police officer. The second son, is John and the youngest is Jaffer, a qawwali singer.
<2010_FIFA_World_Cup_South_Africa_(video_game)>	2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa is the official video game for the 2010 FIFA World Cup, published by EA Sports and available on iOS and all major seventh-generation platforms except the Nintendo DS. Announced in January 2010 during an interview with one of the producers of the game, it was released 27 April 2010 in North America. 199 of the 204 teams that took part in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification are included in the game.Players choose a team from the 199 nations available and compete against the computer or against other players through online gaming services PlayStation Network or Xbox Live. All 10 official World Cup stadiums are available for play.
<Lauren_Bowles>	Lauren Elizabeth Bowles is an American actress.Bowles was born in Washington, D.C., to Judith (née LeFever) and L. Thompson Bowles. Her half-sister (on her mother's side) is actress Julia Louis-Dreyfus. She majored in drama at New York University.
<Silver_Slugger_Award>	The Silver Slugger Award has been awarded annually since 1980 to the best offensive player at each position in both the American League and the National League, as determined by the coaches and managers of Major League Baseball. These voters consider several offensive statistics, including batting average, slugging percentage, and on-base percentage, as well as their "general impressions of a player's overall offensive value". They are not permitted to vote for players on their team.The award is a bat-shaped trophy, 3 feet (91 cm) tall, engraved with the names of each of the winners from the league and plated with sterling silver. It is given by Hillerich & Bradsby, the manufacturer of Louisville Slugger bats.
<Nic_Taylor>	Nicholas Taylor Mills Greaves (born 20 August 1991) is an English-Montserratian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Croydon. Taylor works as a sports coach in a primary school in Clapham, London.Taylor began his career progressing through the ranks for the Millwall Academy, before joining Crystal Palace in 2008. After a year in the youth set-up at Selhurst Park, he joined Woking. Signing his first professional contract later that year, he continued to spend the season with the youth side before his departure to Dagenham & Redbridge. Signing on professional terms, Taylor was also unable to break into the first team at the League Two club.
<Jay_Z>	Shawn Corey Carter (born December 4, 1969), known professionally as Jay-Z, is an American rapper, record producer, entrepreneur, and founder of Manhattan-based conglomerate talent and entertainment agency Roc Nation. He is regarded as one of the most influential hip-hop artists.  He was the CEO of Def Jam Recordings and he has been central to the creative and commercial success of artists including Kanye West, Rihanna, and J. Cole.Born and raised in New York City, Jay-Z first began his musical career in the late 1980s; he co-founded the record label Roc-A-Fella Records in 1995 and released his debut studio album Reasonable Doubt in 1996. The album was released to widespread critical success, and solidified his standing in the music industry. He went on to release twelve additional albums, including the acclaimed albums The Blueprint (2001), The Black Album (2003), American Gangster (2007), and 4:44 (2017). He also released the full-length collaborative albums Watch the Throne (2011) with Kanye West and Everything Is Love (2018) with his wife Beyoncé, respectively.
<The_Green_Pastures>	The Green Pastures is a play written in 1930 by Marc Connelly adapted from Ol' Man Adam an' His Chillun (1928), a collection of stories written by Roark Bradford. The play was the winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1930. It had the first all-black Broadway cast. The play and the film adaptation were generally well received and hailed by white drama and film critics. African-American intellectuals, cultural critics, and audiences were more critical of white author Connelly's claim to be presenting an authentic view of black religious thought.The play portrays episodes from the Old Testament as seen through the eyes of a young African-American child in the Great Depression-era Southern United States, who interprets The Bible in terms familiar to her. Following Bradford's lead, Connelly set the biblical stories in New Orleans and in an all-black context. He diverged from Bradford's work, however, in enlarging the role of the character "De Lawd" (God), played on stage by Richard B. Harrison (1864–1935). The Green Pastures also featured numerous African-American spirituals arranged by Hall Johnson and performed by The Hall Johnson Choir. The cast also included singer Mabel Ridley.The chorus included torch singer Eva Sylvester and members of the Sylvester family as cherubs.Connolly later collaborated with William Keighley in the direction of a Hollywood film adaptation of the play, which was made in 1936, starring Rex Ingram as "De Lawd". At the time the film caused some controversy. It was banned in Australia, Finland, and Hungary on the grounds that it was "blasphemous" to portray Biblical characters in this way.
<Lillestrøm_SK>	Lillestrøm Sportsklubb is a Norwegian professional football club from the city of Lillestrøm, just outside of the capital Oslo. Lillestrøm SK is a Norwegian football club based in Lillestrøm, playing in Eliteserien. The club was founded in 1917, after the merger of two local football clubs.  Their home ground is Åråsen Stadion, which has a capacity of 12,250 people, while the principal training ground is Lillestrøm stadion, or the indoor arena, LSK-Hallen. The club holds the Norwegian record for the most consecutive years without being relegated, having played 45 seasons from 1975 until 2019. Over the years the club has had around 40 players who have represented the Norwegian national team. There has also been a number of foreigners who have represented the national teams of Sweden, Iceland, Senegal, Finland, Malta, Australia, South Africa, Slovenia, Tunisia, Canada, Somalia and Nigeria.Lillestrøm SK was founded on 2 April 1917. It has been Norwegian League champions five times, most recently in 1989, and also in 1986, 1977, 1976 and 1959. Additionally, they have won the Norwegian Cup in 1985, 1981, 1978, 1977, 2007 and 2017.
<Morgan_Stanley_Wealth_Management>	Morgan Stanley Wealth Management is an American multinational financial services corporation specializing in retail brokerage. It is the wealth & asset management division of Morgan Stanley.On January 13, 2009, Morgan Stanley and Citigroup announced that Citigroup would sell 51% of Smith Barney to Morgan Stanley, creating Morgan Stanley Smith Barney, which was formerly a division of Citi Global Wealth Management. The combined brokerage house has 17,646 financial advisors and manages $2 trillion in client assets. Clients range from individual investors to small- and mid-sized businesses, as well as large corporations, non-profit organizations and family foundations.On September 25, 2012, Morgan Stanley announced that its U.S. wealth management business was renamed "Morgan Stanley Wealth Management". The broker-dealer designation for Morgan Stanley Wealth Management will remain "Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC".Smith Barney & Co. was formed in 1938 through the merger of Charles D. Barney & Co. and Edward B. Smith & Co.  Charles D. Barney & Co., a New York and Philadelphia based firm, was founded by Charles D. Barney in 1873 following the failure of its predecessor Jay Cooke & Company.  Edward B. Smith & Co., founded in 1892 became a significant player in securities underwriting in 1934 when the firm absorbed the professionals from the securities business of Guaranty Trust Company, following the passage of the Glass Steagall Act.
<Bryn_Mawr_College>	Bryn Mawr College (/ˌbrɪnˈmɑːr/ brin-MAR; Welsh: [ˌbɾɨ̞nˈmau̯ɾ]) is a women's liberal arts college in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania.  Founded as a Quaker institution in 1885, Bryn Mawr is one of the Seven Sister colleges, a group of elite, historically women's colleges in the United States, and the Tri-College Consortium along with Haverford College and Swarthmore College. The college has an enrollment of about 1,350 undergraduate students and 450 graduate students. It was the first women's college to offer graduate education through a PhD.Bryn Mawr College is a private women's liberal arts college founded in 1885. The phrase bryn mawr literally means 'large hill' in Welsh. The Graduate School is co-educational. It is named after the town of Bryn Mawr, in which the campus is located, which had been renamed by a representative of the Pennsylvania Railroad. Bryn Mawr was the name of an area estate granted to Rowland Ellis by William Penn in the 1680s. Ellis's former home, also called Bryn Mawr, was a house near Dolgellau, Merioneth, Gwynedd, Wales. The college was largely founded through the bequest of Joseph W. Taylor, and its first president was James Rhoads. Bryn Mawr was one of the first institutions of higher education in the United States to offer graduate degrees, including doctorates, to women. The first class included 36 undergraduate women and eight graduate students. Bryn Mawr was originally affiliated with the Quakers (Religious Society of Friends), but by 1893 had become non-denominational.In 1912, Bryn Mawr became the first college in the United States to offer doctorates in social work, through the Department of Social Economy and Social Research. This department became the Graduate School of Social Work and Social Research in 1970. In 1931, Bryn Mawr began accepting men as graduate students, while remaining women-only at the undergraduate level.
<Penn_National_Gaming>	Penn Entertainment, Inc., formerly Penn National Gaming, is an American entertainment company and operator of integrated entertainment, sports content, and casino gaming. It operates 43 properties in 20 states, online sports betting in 14 jurisdictions and iCasino in five under the brands Hollywood Casino, L’Auberge, Barstool Sportsbook, and theScore Bet. The company also owns a 36% stake in Barstool Sports. In 2013, Penn completed the corporate spin-off of Gaming and Leisure Properties, a real estate investment trust.In 1967, Pennsylvania enacted a law allowing thoroughbred horse racing with parimutuel wagering. Two companies that later formed part of Penn National Gaming were founded in 1968 by groups seeking one of the four available racing licenses: Pitt Park Raceway, Inc., formed by several Erie area businessmen, and the Pennsylvania National Turf Club, established by a group of Central Pennsylvania investors. The Turf Club was awarded one of the licenses, and soon began construction on Penn National Race Course. The complex included a motor speedway, which held its first races in 1971, and the horse track, which opened in 1972.Pitt Park Raceway, meanwhile, was denied in its initial application, but received one of a second round of licenses issued in 1970. The first Pitt Park racing meet opened in 1971 at The Meadows, an existing harness racing track. Pitt Park lost half a million dollars in its first meet, leading its owners to sell the company to a group of investors, including Philadelphia insurance businessman Peter D. Carlino. After another unsuccessful season at The Meadows, Pitt Park changed its name to the Mountainview Thoroughbred Racing Association and moved to Penn National Race Course. Starting in 1973, as a tenant of the Turf Club, Mountainview held 100 nights of racing there each year.
<Jason_Reese>	Jason Meredith Reese FREng FRSE FInstP FIMechE (24 June 1967 – 8 March 2019 was a British engineering scientist, and Regius Professor of Engineering at the University of Edinburgh.His research was in multiscale flow systems in which the molecular or discrete nature of the fluid determines the overall fluid dynamics. A winner of the Philip Leverhulme Prize for Engineering (Leverhulme Trust), the Lord Kelvin Medal (Royal Society of Edinburgh), and a MacRobert Award (Royal Academy of Engineering) finalist, he was previously Weir Professor of Thermodynamics & Fluid Mechanics, and Head of the Mechanical & Aerospace Engineering Department, at the University of Strathclyde, Glasgow.
<Brian_Mulroney>	Martin Brian Mulroney PC CC GOQ (/mʊlˈruːni/ muul-ROO-nee; born March 20, 1939) is a Canadian lawyer, businessman, and politician who served as the 18th prime minister of Canada from 1984 to 1993.Born in the eastern Quebec city of Baie-Comeau, Mulroney studied political science and law. He then moved to Montreal and gained prominence as a labour lawyer. After placing third in the 1976 Progressive Conservative leadership election, he was appointed president of the Iron Ore Company of Canada in 1977. He held that post until 1983, when he successfully became leader of the Progressive Conservatives. He then led the party to a landslide victory in the 1984 federal election,  winning the second-largest percentage of seats in Canadian history (at 74.8 percent) and receiving over 50 percent of the popular vote. Mulroney later won a second majority government in 1988.
<George_Taylor_(Australian_politician)>	George "Mulga" Taylor (16 May 1861 – 24 September 1935) was an Australian labour leader and politician who was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1901 to 1930. He was a minister in the government of Henry Daglish, and later served as Speaker of the Legislative Assembly from 1917 to 1924.Taylor was born in Campbelltown, New South Wales (on the outskirts of Sydney), to Margaret (née Bourke) and Robert Taylor. He joined a shearing team at the age of 12, and his work as a shearer eventually took him to Queensland, where he became involved with the fledgling labour movement. An organiser of the Queensland Shearers' Union, he was involved with the 1891 shearers' strike, and in its aftermath was among twelve strike leaders convicted of criminal conspiracy. He was sentenced to three years' imprisonment on St Helena Island Prison, but was released early for good behaviour. After his release, Taylor left for Coolgardie, Western Australia, subsequently working as a miner in Erlistoun and Sir Samuel. He maintained his involvement with the labour movement while in the Goldfields, helping to found a local branch of the Amalgamated Workers' Association (a predecessor of the Australian Workers Union).
<St._Ursula_Academy_(Toledo,_Ohio)>	St. Ursula Academy is Toledo's oldest, all-female, Catholic fully accredited, college preparatory school serving girls in grades 6-12 and has been educating students since 1854.St. Ursula's motto is "Soli Deo Gloria," meaning "For the Glory of God Alone."[citation needed]In December 1854, four Ursuline nuns arrived in Toledo, Ohio. Several days after their arrival from nearby Cleveland, Ohio, they began to operate classes on Cherry Street in downtown Toledo. These classes were offered roughly 200 students, ranging in grade level. The nuns moved into a property located on Cherry and Erie streets in 1859. The early curriculum consisted of courses in English, German, French, history, art, music, natural sciences, mathematics, cooking, and sewing. There were two primary departments in the school: elementary and collegiate.
<Bernard_Goldsmith>	Bernard Goldsmith (November 20, 1832 – July 22, 1901) was a Bavarian-American businessman and politician. He is best remembered as the 19th mayor of Portland, Oregon, serving from 1869 to 1871, and as the first Jew to hold that position.Bernard Goldsmith was born November 20, 1832, in Munich, Kingdom of Bavaria. He emigrated to New York City with his brother Solomon at the age of 15, working in the city as an apprentice to a watchmaker.Goldsmith subsequently came west, working for a time in California as a stevedore before starting his own jewelry store.
<Ryan_Bertrand>	Ryan Dominic Bertrand (born 5 August 1989) is an English professional footballer who plays as a left-back for Premier League club Leicester City.Bertrand began his youth career at Gillingham, before signing for Chelsea in July 2005. He graduated from Chelsea's youth system and was sent on loan to various clubs between 2006 and 2010. He made his full debut for Chelsea on in April 2011, six years after joining them, in a fixture against Birmingham City. In the 2011–12 season, Bertrand signed a new four-year contract with Chelsea and was made understudy to Ashley Cole. In May 2012, Bertrand became the first player to make his Champions League debut in the final, starting in an unfamiliar left wing role in front of Cole; Chelsea beat Bayern Munich 4–3 on penalties.
<Kim_Delaney>	Kim Delaney (born November 29, 1961) is an American actress known for her starring role as Detective Diane Russell on the ABC drama television series NYPD Blue, for which she won an Emmy Award. Early in her career, she played the role of Jenny Gardner in the ABC daytime television drama All My Children. She later had leading roles in the short lived TV drama Philly, part of the first season of CSI: Miami, and the first six seasons of Army Wives. She also appeared in Tour of Duty, Season 2 and the first two episodes of Season 3, playing a writer during the Vietnam War named Alex Devlin.Delaney, an Irish American, was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to Joan and Jack Delaney, the only daughter of five children. Delaney's mother was a homemaker and her father a senior union official in the United Auto Workers. She was raised Roman Catholic. Delaney has brothers Ed, John, Keith and Patrick. While she was attending J. W. Hallahan Catholic Girls High School, she worked as a model for the Elite agency. Upon graduation, she went to New York and found employment there as a model. At the same time, she studied acting with William Esper.
<Marilyn_McCord_Adams>	Marilyn McCord Adams (October 12, 1943–March 22, 2017) was an American philosopher and Episcopal priest. She specialized in the philosophy of religion, philosophical theology, and medieval philosophy. She was Horace Tracy Pitkin Professor of Historical Theology at Yale Divinity School from 1998 to 2003 and Regius Professor of Divinity at the University of Oxford from 2004 to 2009.Adams was born on October 12, 1943, in Oak Park, Illinois, United States. She was the daughter of William Clark McCord and Wilmah Brown McCord. In 1966, she married the philosopher Robert Merrihew Adams.Adams was educated at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign, graduating with a Bachelor of Arts (AB) degree. She continued her studies at Cornell University, completing her Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) degree in 1967. She undertook studies and training for ordained ministry at Princeton Theological Seminary, graduating with a Master of Theology degree in 1984. She was awarded a Doctor of Divinity (DD) by the University of Oxford in 2008, thereby becoming the first woman to become an Oxford DD.
<Intikhab>	Intikhab (8 May 1994 – 22 May 2016) was an American-bred racehorse who was trained in both the United Kingdom and Dubai. His reputation rested on wide margin victories in the Diomed Stakes at Epsom and the Queen Anne Stakes at Royal Ascot in June 1998. Although he never won (or even contested) a Group One race that season, his two wins were impressive enough to make him one of the highest-rated horses in the world. He later became a successful breeding stallion, siring the multiple Group One winner Snow Fairy and the leading miler Red Evie.
<Habichtstraße_(Hamburg_U-Bahn_station)>	Habichtstraße is an elevated rapid transit station located in the Hamburg district of Barmbek-Nord, Germany. The station was opened in 1930 and is served by Hamburg U-Bahn line U3.Habichtstraße is served by Hamburg U-Bahn line U3; departures are every 10 minutes. The travel time to Hamburg Hauptbahnhof takes about 15 minutes.The station's exterior
<Red_Riding_Hood_(2011_film)>	Red Riding Hood is a 2011 American romantic horror film directed by Catherine Hardwicke, and produced by Leonardo DiCaprio, from a screenplay by David Leslie Johnson. The film is very loosely based on the folk tale "Little Red Riding Hood" collected by both Charles Perrault under the name Le Petit Chaperon Rouge (Little Red Riding Hood) and several decades later by the Brothers Grimm as Rotkäppchen (Little Red Cap). It stars Amanda Seyfried as the title role, with Gary Oldman, Billy Burke, Shiloh Fernandez, Max Irons, Virginia Madsen, Lukas Haas and Julie Christie in supporting roles.Red Riding Hood had its world premiere at Hollywood on March 7, 2011, and was theatrically released on March 11, 2011, by Warner Bros. Pictures. The film received generally negative reviews from critics, with praise for Seyfried's performance but criticism for its plot. It grossed over $89 million worldwide against a $42 million budget.Valerie lives with her parents, Cesaire and Suzette, and older sister Lucie in the village of Daggerhorn, on the edge of a forest plagued by a werewolf. She is in love with the woodcutter and childhood friend Peter, but her parents arrange for her to marry Henry, son of the wealthy blacksmith Adrien Lazar. Valerie and Peter plan to elope, only to learn the Wolf has broken its truce not to prey on the townspeople and murdered Lucie.
<Bruce_Hart_(wrestler)>	Bruce Edward Hart (born January 13, 1950) is an American born-Canadian retired professional wrestler, promoter, booker, trainer and school teacher. He is a second-generation wrestler and a member of the Hart wrestling family, being the second child of Stu and Helen Hart. He is best known for his time in Stampede Wrestling and several appearances for WWE, often with his brothers Bret and Owen.As a wrestler Hart carried a number of championships, including the Stampede North American Heavyweight Championship and participated in WWF's Survivor Series.
<Silver_Spring,_Maryland>	Silver Spring is a census-designated place (CDP) in southeastern Montgomery County, Maryland, United States, near Washington, D.C. Although officially unincorporated, in practice it is an edge city, with a population of 81,015 at the 2020 census, making it the fifth-most populous place in Maryland after Baltimore, Columbia, Germantown, and Waldorf.Downtown, next to the northern tip of Washington, D.C., is the oldest and most urbanized part of the community, surrounded by several inner suburban residential neighborhoods inside the Capital Beltway. Many mixed-use developments combining retail, residential, and office space have been built since 2004.
<Tolgahan_Sayışman>	Turgut Tolgahan Sayışman (born 17 December 1981) is a Turkish actor and model. Sayışman won Manhunt International competition in 2005 in South Korea.Sayışman was born on 17 December 1981 in Istanbul, Turkey. He graduated from Kadıköy İntaş High School and Doğuş University, Faculty of Business Administration. Sayışman was the runner-up in the Best Model of Turkey competition, in which he participated in 2002. In 2005, he won the Manhunt International men's beauty contest in South Korea, representing Turkey. He came to attention for playing the character "Namık" in hit series Elveda Rumeli about Turks in Macedonia when the Ottoman Empire lost its European land.
<Jesús_Franco>	Jesús Franco Manera (12 May 1930 – 2 April 2013) was a Spanish filmmaker, composer, and actor, known as a prolific director of low-budget exploitation and B-movies. In a career spanning from 1954 to 2013, he wrote, directed, produced, acted in, and scored approximately 173 feature films, working both in his native Spain and (during the rule of Francisco Franco) in France, West Germany, Switzerland and Portugal. Additionally, during the 1960s, he made several films in Rio de Janeiro and Istanbul.Of Cuban and Mexican parentage, Franco was born in Madrid and studied at the city's Instituto de Investigaciones y Experiencias Cinematográficas and the Institut des hautes études cinématographiques in Paris. He began his career in 1954 (aged 24) as an assistant director in the Spanish film industry, performing many tasks including composing music for some films as well as co-writing a number of the screenplays. He assisted directors such as Joaquín Luis Romero Marchent, León Klimovsky and Juan Antonio Bardem. After working on more than 20 films for other directors, he decided to get into directing films himself in 1959, making a few musicals and a crime drama called Red Lips.
<Mathías_Vidangossy>	Mathías Leonardo Vidangossy Rebolledo (born 25 May 1987) is a Chilean professional footballer who currently plays for Unión La Calera as an attacking midfielder or winger.Born in Santiago, Vidangossy began his career in the youth squads of Club Deportivo Universidad Católica, but finished his football grooming at Unión Española. He made his Chilean Primera División debuts in 2005, and became a constant feature in the starting lineups.In June 2007, Vidangossy was signed to a five-year contract with Villarreal CF in Spain, joining compatriots Manuel Pellegrini (coach) and Matías Fernández. However, he would never play any official games for the club, as all of its foreign player spots were used up; he was quickly loaned out to fellow La Liga team UD Almería, but met the same fate.
<Pedro_Mario_Álvarez>	Pedro Mario Álvarez Abrante (born 2 February 1982), commonly known as Mario, is a Spanish retired professional footballer as a central defender.Born in Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Canary Islands, Mario started his senior career with Atlético Madrid, but could only represent its C and B-teams. In summer 2001 he signed for Real Valladolid, making his La Liga debut in the 2001–02 season, playing in 17 games and repeating the feat the following campaign, still in the top flight.In 2003–04, Mario was loaned to FC Barcelona, appearing only once for the Catalans officially, in an infamous 1–5 away defeat against Málaga CF on 3 December 2003. As Valladolid were relegated in June he returned to the Castile and León club for two further seasons, both spent in Segunda División.
<A_Watcher_in_the_Woods>	A Watcher in the Woods is a 1976 mystery novel by Florence Engel Randall that was published by Atheneum Books.It was re-released by Scholastic Book Services in 1980 with a new title, The Watcher in the Woods (ISBN 0-590-31334-7) to tie-in with Walt Disney Studios' film adaptation with this new, slightly altered name.Fifteen year old Jan Carstairs is the narrator. Her family moved from Ohio to a small town in Massachusetts, where her father has accepted a teaching position at a local college. They live in a big old brick and stucco house in the country, which borders on a forest.
<Augustus_FitzRoy,_3rd_Duke_of_Grafton>	Augustus Henry FitzRoy, 3rd Duke of Grafton, KG, PC (28 September 1735 – 14 March 1811), styled Earl of Euston between 1747 and 1757, was a British Whig statesman of the Georgian era. He is one of a handful of dukes who have served as prime minister.He became prime minister in 1768 at the age of 33, leading the supporters of William Pitt, and was the youngest person to hold the office until the appointment of William Pitt the Younger 15 years later. However, he struggled to demonstrate an ability to counter increasing challenges to Britain's global dominance following the nation's victory in the Seven Years' War. He was widely attacked for allowing France to annex Corsica, and stepped down in 1770, handing over power to Lord North.
<Bill_Hudson_(singer)>	William Louis Hudson Jr. (born October 17, 1949) is an American musician and actor. He was a vocalist in The Hudson Brothers, a band he formed in 1965 with his two younger brothers, Brett and Mark. He later had a brief acting career, appearing in supporting roles in Zero to Sixty (1978), Hysterical (1983), and Big Shots (1987). He also appeared in a recurring guest role on the series Doogie Howser, M.D..Hudson was born and raised in Portland, Oregon, the eldest of three sons (Brett and Mark are his two younger brothers) born to Eleanor (née Salerno) and  William Louis Hudson. His mother was Italian American (his maternal grandfather came from Carlentini, Province of Syracuse, Sicily, Italy). He and his brothers were nephews (by marriage) of actor Keenan Wynn.
<NCR_Corporation>	NCR Corporation, previously known as National Cash Register, is an American software, consulting and technology company providing several professional services and electronic products. It manufactures self-service kiosks, point-of-sale terminals, automated teller machines, cheque processing systems, and barcode scanners.NCR was founded in Dayton, Ohio, in 1884 and acquired by AT&T in 1991. A restructuring of AT&T in 1996 led to NCR's re-establishment on 1 January 1997, as a separate company and involved the spin-off of Lucent Technologies from AT&T. In June 2009 the company sold most of the Dayton properties and moved its headquarters to the Atlanta metropolitan area in unincorporated Gwinnett County, Georgia, near Duluth. In early January 2018, the new NCR Global Headquarters opened in Midtown Atlanta near Technology Square (adjacent to the Georgia Institute of Technology).The company began as the National Manufacturing Company of Dayton, Ohio, and was established to manufacture and sell the first mechanical cash register invented in 1879 by James Ritty. In 1884, the company and patents were bought by John Henry Patterson and his brother Frank Jefferson Patterson, and the firm was renamed the National Cash Register Company. Patterson formed NCR into one of the first modern American companies by introducing new, aggressive sales methods and business techniques. He established the first sales training school in 1893 and introduced a comprehensive social welfare program for his factory workers.
<Niven_Busch>	Niven Busch (April 26, 1903 – August 25, 1991) was an American novelist and screenwriter of movies such as the acclaimed The Postman Always Rings Twice.  His novels included Duel in the Sun (1944) and California Street (1959).  He was married to actress Teresa Wright for ten years beginning in 1942.Born in New York City, Busch began his writing career in the early twenties, when he went to work for Time Magazine (co-founded by Busch's cousin, Briton Hadden). Before departing for Hollywood a decade later, Busch had risen to editor at the weekly, working simultaneously for The New Yorker, where he contributed profiles on famous Americans.  (These articles were collected into his first book, the non-fiction Twenty-One Americans.)
<Intesa_Sanpaolo>	Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. is an Italian international banking group. It is Italy's largest bank by total assets and the world's 27th largest. It was formed through the merger of Banca Intesa and Sanpaolo IMI in 2007, but  has a corporate identity stretching back to its first foundation as Istituto Bancario San Paolo di Torino in 1583.In 2020 the bank served approximately 14.6 million customers in Italy and 7.2 million customers in Eastern and Central Europe, the Middle East and North Africa through several brands such as CIB Bank, VÚB Banka and Bank of Alexandria.By 2010 its assets had grown to US$877.66 billion, ranking 26th in Forbes Global 2000. The company is a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index.
<Lisa_Joyner>	Lisa Marie Joyner (born December 31, 1966) is an American entertainment reporter and television host.Joyner has reported on celebrity news in the Los Angeles area for KTTV and KCBS-TV. She first gained national recognition for her InFANity segments on the TV Guide Network. Joyner has been married to actor Jon Cryer since 2007. She and her husband adopted a baby girl, whom they named Daisy.Joyner is both an adoptive parent and an adoptee; in her 30s, she searched for and found her birth family. Along with Tim Green, she hosted the US version of Find My Family on the ABC network. The show reunited adoptees with their birth families. In March 2016, she started co-hosting Long Lost Family with Chris Jacobs on TLC.
<John_McCarthy_(computer_scientist)>	John McCarthy (September 4, 1927 – October 24, 2011) was an American computer scientist and cognitive scientist. He was one of the founders of the discipline of artificial intelligence. He co-authored the document that coined the term "artificial intelligence" (AI), developed the programming language family Lisp, significantly influenced the design of the language ALGOL, popularized time-sharing, and invented garbage collection.McCarthy spent most of his career at Stanford University. He received many accolades and honors, such as the 1971 Turing Award for his contributions to the topic of AI, the United States National Medal of Science, and the Kyoto Prize.
<Ahmed_Zewail>	Ahmed Hassan Zewail (Arabic: أحمد حسن زويل, Egyptian Arabic: [ˈæħmæd ˈħæsæn zeˈweːl]; February 26, 1946 – August 2, 2016) was an Egyptian-American chemist, known as the "father of femtochemistry". He was awarded the 1999 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his work on femtochemistry and became the first Egyptian to win a Nobel Prize in a scientific field, and the second African to win a Nobel Prize in Chemistry. He was the Linus Pauling Chair Professor of Chemistry, Professor of Physics, and the director of the Physical Biology Center for Ultrafast Science and Technology at the California Institute of Technology.Ahmed Hasan Zewail was born on February 26, 1946, in Damanhur, Egypt, and was raised in Desouk. He received a Bachelor of Science and Master of Science degrees in Chemistry from Alexandria University before moving to the United States to complete his PhD at the University of Pennsylvania supervised by Robin M. Hochstrasser.After completing his PhD, Zewail did postdoctoral research at the University of California, Berkeley, supervised by Charles Bonner Harris. Following this, he was awarded a faculty appointment at the California Institute of Technology in 1976, and he made the first Linus Pauling Chair in Chemical Physics. He became a naturalized citizen of the United States on 5 March 1982. Zewail was the director of the Physical Biology Center for Ultrafast Science and Technology at the California Institute of Technology.
<Foxy_Brown_(film)>	Foxy Brown is a 1974 American blaxploitation film written and directed by Jack Hill. It stars Pam Grier as the title character who takes on a gang of white drug dealers who murdered her boyfriend. The film was released by American International Pictures as a double feature with Truck Turner. The film uses Afrocentric references in clothing and hair. Grier starred in six blaxploitation films for American International Pictures.While not prosecuted for obscenity, the film was seized and confiscated in the United Kingdom under section 3 of the Obscene Publications Act 1959 during the video nasty panic.Foxy Brown seeks revenge when her government-agent boyfriend is shot down at her doorstep by members of a drug syndicate. She links her boyfriend's murderers to a "modeling agency" run by Stevie Elias and Kathryn Wall that services local judges, congressmen, and police in the area. Foxy decides to pose as a prostitute to infiltrate the company, and helps save a fellow black woman from a life of drugs and sexual exploitation, and reunites her with her husband and child.
<Crédit_Agricole_Srbija>	RBA bank (Serbian Cyrillic: РБА банка, romanized: RBA banka), formerly Crédit Agricole Srbija, with headquarters in Belgrade, is a member of Raiffeisen Group one of the largest banking groups in the world.RBA bank is a Bank with a focus on Retail, Corporate and Agro activities. It is a Bank with variety of services, with a network of 74 branches and 94 ATM in Serbia. It serves private individuals, small business and corporate customers (more than 300 000 clients). CA Serbia is the 1st Bank in car loan financing, 2nd in agri-business financing, with a strong market position in housing loans in Serbia, and also recognized  as a reliable savings bank.As of 14 September 2009, by the approval of the National Bank of Serbia, previous name of the bank was changed to Crédit Agricole Srbija. Initially the Bank was founded in October 1991 as a private bank called Yuco Bank with mixed capital. Since July 2005, it is majority owned by Crédit Agricole S.A. Paris, and operates under the name Meridian Bank Crédit Agricole until 2009 when it has been established under the current name.
<Spokane,_Washington>	Spokane (/spoʊˈkæn/ (listen) spoh-KAN) is the largest city and county seat of Spokane County, Washington, United States. It is in eastern Washington, along the Spokane River, adjacent to the Selkirk Mountains, and west of the Rocky Mountain foothills, 92 miles (148 km) south of the Canadian border, 18 miles (30 km) west of the Washington–Idaho border, and 279 miles (449 km) east of Seattle, along I-90.Spokane is the economic and cultural center of the Spokane metropolitan area, the Spokane–Coeur d'Alene combined statistical area, and the Inland Northwest. It is known as the birthplace of Father's Day, and locally by the nickname of "Lilac City". Officially, Spokane goes by the nickname of Hooptown USA, due to Spokane annually hosting Spokane Hoopfest, the world's largest basketball tournament. The city and the wider Inland Northwest area are served by Spokane International Airport, 5 miles (8 km) west of Downtown Spokane. According to the 2010 census, Spokane had a population of 208,916, making it the second-largest city in Washington, and the 101st-largest city in the United States. At the 2020 census, Spokane's population was 228,989. A 2021 estimate sets the population of the Spokane Metropolitan Area at 593,466.
<Tracy_Reed_(English_actress)>	Tracy Reed (born Clare Tracy Compton Pelissier; 21 September 1942 – 2 May 2012) was an English actress.Reed was the daughter of director Anthony Pelissier and actress Penelope Dudley-Ward; she took the surname of her stepfather, Carol Reed, following her mother's remarriage in 1948. Reed was the granddaughter of actress Fay Compton and producer H. G. Pelissier, and of socialite Freda Dudley Ward and politician William Dudley Ward. Her great-uncle was novelist Sir Compton Mackenzie. Actor Oliver Reed was a step-cousin.
<Bradley_Byrne>	Bradley Roberts Byrne (born February 16, 1955) is an American business attorney and politician who served as the U.S. representative for Alabama's 1st congressional district from 2014 to 2021. Elected as a member of the state Board of Education as a Democrat in 1994, he became a member of the Republican Party in 1997, and served in the Alabama Senate from 2003 to 2007, representing the state's 32nd district.Byrne was chancellor of the Alabama Community College System from 2007 until he resigned in 2009 to run for the 2010 Republican nomination for governor of Alabama. In December 2013 he won a special election to represent the state's 1st congressional district in the United States House of Representatives.  Byrne ran in the Republican primary for the 2020 United States Senate election in Alabama, but was defeated in the first round of the primary by Tommy Tuberville and Jeff Sessions.
<Stanley_Kramer>	Stanley Earl Kramer (September 29, 1913 – February 19, 2001) was an American film director and producer, responsible for making many of Hollywood's most famous "message films" (he would call his movies heavy dramas) and a liberal movie icon. As an independent producer and director, he brought attention to topical social issues that most studios avoided. Among the subjects covered in his films were racism (in The Defiant Ones and Guess Who's Coming to Dinner), nuclear war (in On the Beach), greed (in It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World), creationism vs. evolution (in Inherit the Wind) and the causes and effects of fascism (in Judgment at Nuremberg). His other films included High Noon (1952, as producer), The Caine Mutiny (1954, as producer),  and Ship of Fools (1965).Director Steven Spielberg described him as an "incredibly talented visionary", and "one of our great filmmakers, not just for the art and passion he put on screen, but for the impact he has made on the conscience of the world." Kramer was recognized for his fierce independence as a producer-director, with author Victor Navasky writing that "among the independents . . . none seemed more vocal, more liberal, more pugnacious than young Stanley Kramer." His friend Kevin Spacey, during his acceptance speech at the 2015 Golden Globes, honored Kramer's work, calling him "one of the great filmmakers of all time."Despite uneven critical reception, both then and now, Kramer's body of work has received many awards, including 16 Academy Awards and 80 nominations, and he was nominated nine times as either producer or director. In 1961, he received the Irving G. Thalberg Memorial Award. In 1963, he was a member of the jury at the 3rd Moscow International Film Festival. In 1998, he was awarded the first NAACP Vanguard Award in recognition of "the strong social themes that ran through his body of work". In 2002, the Stanley Kramer Award was created, to be awarded to recipients whose work "dramatically illustrates provocative social issues".
<Oriol_Riera>	Oriol Riera Magem (Catalan pronunciation: [uˈɾjɔl ˈrjeɾə]; born 3 July 1986) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a striker, currently manager of CD Tudelano.After starting out at Barcelona, he went on to amass La Liga totals of 102 matches and 23 goals over four seasons, with Osasuna and Deportivo. He added 148 games and 31 goals in the Segunda División for four clubs, and also competed professionally in England and Australia in a 16-year career.
<Finsoe>	Finsoe S.p.A. (acronym of Finanziaria dell'economia Sociale) is an intermediate holding company for several coop societies of Coop (Italy). Finsoe was the major shareholders of Unipol (31.40% share capitals) and in the past, had a direct minority shareholding in Unipol Banca (sold to Unipol in August 2008). Until 2015 Unipol had two class of shares, making Finsoe hold 50.75% voting rights and 31.40% share capital on Unipol. However, in mid-2015 all shares were converted to ordinary shares.From 1995 to 2001, Casse Emiliano Romagnole (CAER), the Bank Group of Cassa di Risparmio in Bologna (Carisbo), had a cross ownership with Finsoe. CAER was a minority shareholders of Finsoe for 9.80% in 1995 and Unipol (at that time Unipol Assicurazioni) had a minority ownership in CAER for 3.64%. Unipol and Carisbo also had some joint venture at that time, namely UniSalute, Noricum Assicurazioni, Linear Assicurazioni and Banca dell'Economia Cooperativa (renamed to Unipol Banca in 2008). In 2001 Cardine Banca (ex-CAER) sold all the shares in Finsoe and Unipol Banca, which that year Cardine and Unipol had cross ownership only (Fincaer, a subsidiary, owned 3.73% ordinary shares of Unipol (2.261% of shares capitals); Unipol owned 1.80% shares of Cardine), as well as only Noricum Assicurazioni remained as a joint venture.In 1998 Banca Agricola Mantovana (BAM) became a minority shareholders of Finsoe (5.601% as in 2000). In the same year Quadrifoglio Vita became a joint venture of Unipol, a subsidiary of Finsoe and BAM. BAM was acquired by Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena (Banca MPS) in 1999. In 2001 Banca MPS purchased 20% shares of Finsoe . At the same time Unipol also owned 2% of Banca MPS.
<Green_Bay_Packers>	Independent (1919–1920)National Football League (1921–present)The Green Bay Packers are a professional American football team based in Green Bay, Wisconsin. The Packers compete in the National Football League (NFL) as a member club of the National Football Conference (NFC) North division. It is the third-oldest franchise in the NFL, dating back to 1919, and is the only non-profit, community-owned major league professional sports team based in the United States. Home games have been played at Lambeau Field since 1957. They have the most wins of any NFL franchise.
<N._Scott_Momaday>	Navarre Scott Momaday (born February 27, 1934) is a Kiowa novelist, short story writer, essayist, and poet. His novel House Made of Dawn was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1969, and is considered the first major work of the Native American Renaissance. His follow-up work The Way to Rainy Mountain blends folklore with memoir. Momaday received the National Medal of Arts in 2007 for his work's celebration and preservation of indigenous oral and art tradition. He holds twenty honorary degrees from colleges and universities, and is a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.Navarre Scott Momaday was born on February 27, 1934 in Lawton, Oklahoma. He was delivered in the Kiowa and Comanche Indian Hospital, registered as having seven-eighths Indian blood. N. Scott Momaday's mother was Mayme 'Natachee' Scott Momaday (1913–1996), who claimed to be of partial Cherokee descent, born in Fairview, Kentucky, while his father was Alfred Morris Momaday, who was a full-blooded Kiowa. His mother was a writer and his father a painter. In 1935, when N. Scott Momaday was one year old, his family moved to Arizona, where both his father and mother became teachers on the reservation. Growing up in Arizona allowed Momaday to experience not only his father’s Kiowa traditions but also those of other southwest Native Americans including the Navajo, Apache, and Pueblo traditions. In 1946, a twelve-year-old Momaday moved to Jemez Pueblo, New Mexico, living there with his parents until his senior year of high school.   After high school, Momaday attended the University of New Mexico, graduating in 1958 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in English. He continued his education at Stanford University where, in 1963, he was awarded a Ph.D. in English Literature.Momaday's first book, The Complete Poems of Frederick Goddard Tuckerman based on his dissertation, was published in 1965.
<Beren_Saat>	Beren Saat (Turkish pronunciation: [beˈɾen saˈat]; born 26 February 1984) is a Turkish actress. Since the beginning of her career, she has received critical acclaim and numerous accolades for her acting. While studying at Başkent University, she participated in the acting competition Türkiye'nin Yıldızları and was discovered by Turkish director Tomris Giritlioğlu, launching her professional acting career.Beren Saat made her acting debut with a minor part in the television series Aşkımızda Ölüm Var (2004). She was then prepared by Tomris Giritlioğlu for her first major role in Aşka Sürgün (2005–2006). She starred as a feisty tomboy named Yasemin Ünsal in the ATV's political series Hatırla Sevgili (2006–2008) and came to international attention for her role as Bihter Yöreoğlu Ziyagil, an unfaithful wife, in the Kanal D's romantic series Aşk-ı Memnu (2008–2010), for which she received critical acclaim and won numerous accolades, including two Golden Butterfly Awards. Her other major roles in television includes a rape victim, Fatmagül Ketenci Ilgaz, in the social drama Fatmagül'ün Suçu Ne? (2010–2012), and an avenger named Derin Çelik/Yağmur Özden in the drama series İntikam (2013–2014), a remake from the American television series Revenge. Her film career began with the drama film Güz Sancısı (2009), and continued with Gecenin Kanatları (2009), Rhino Season (2012) and Benim Dünyam (2013). From 2015 to 2016, she starred as the titular character in the historical drama series Muhteşem Yüzyıl: Kösem, for which she was said to be receiving ₺90,000 per episode. Between 2019 and 2021, Saat had the leading role on the Netflix original series The Gift.
<Judy_Parfitt>	Judy Catherine Claire Parfitt (born 7 November 1935) is an English theatre, film and television actress. She made her film debut in a minor supporting part in Information Received (1961), followed by supporting role in the BBC television serial David Copperfield (1966). She also appeared as Queen Gertrude in Tony Richardson's 1969 film adaptation of Hamlet.Later credits include as Vera Donovan in the Stephen King film adaptation of Dolores Claiborne (1995), and in Girl with a Pearl Earring (2003), the latter for which she earned a BAFTA nomination for Best Supporting Actress. She has been a cast member on the drama series Call the Midwife, playing Sister Monica Joan since the show's launch in 2012.
<Gasolina>	"Gasolina" (English: "Gasoline") is a song on Daddy Yankee's 2004 album Barrio Fino. It features uncredited vocals from Glory, who sings the line "dame más gasolina" (meaning "Give me more gasoline"). The song was released as the album's lead single in October 2004 and became a hit in 2005, peaking inside the top 10 on some of the charts it entered. "Gasolina" is the first reggaeton song to be nominated for the Latin Grammy Award for Record of the Year. In 2015, the song reached the number nine position on the "50 Greatest Latin Songs of All Time" list according to Billboard. In 2018, it was ranked number 38 on Rolling Stone's 50 Greatest Latin Pop Songs. In 2017, it was included on Billboard's "12 Best Dancehall & Reggaeton Choruses of the 21st Century" at number eight. In 2021, it was ranked number 50 on Rolling Stone's "500 Greatest Songs of All Time", and a year later it was ranked at the first place on their 2022 "100 Greatest Reggaeton Songs of All Time" list."Gasolina" was composed in 2003 by Daddy Yankee and Eddie Dee, assisted by a production duo known as Luny Tunes. Daddy Yankee's album Barrio Fino was released in July 2004, containing the song "Gasolina". At the beginning of August, Daddy Yankee shot a video for the song in the Dominican Republic's capital city, Santo Domingo, at the Autodrómo Internacional de Las Américas motorsports track and in the historic center of town, the Zona Colonial. The song was released as a single in the US in October 2004, supported by a television appearance by Daddy Yankee on MTV's Total Request Live on November 4, when the video was introduced. By November 6, WSKQ-FM in New York City reported "Gasolina" in their top 10 rotation, and WRTO-FM in Florida said the song was their number one most-played track. It entered the US Billboard Hot 100 chart a week later, rising to number 32 on January 28, 2005. "Gasolina" was a hit in North America and the Caribbean, gaining Daddy Yankee popularity among Latino mainstream music fans. On July 4, 2005, "Gasolina" was released as a single in the UK, eventually earning a Silver certification in March 2019. Australia saw the single enter their charts in late January 2006 during their summer season, rising to number 12. Enjoying worldwide success, "Gasolina" is one of the songs attributed with opening the door for reggaeton and creating a pathway for other stars in reggaeton.
<Richard_Jordan>	Robert Anson Jordan Jr. (July 19, 1937 – August 30, 1993) was an American actor. A long-time member of the New York Shakespeare Festival, he performed in many Off Broadway and Broadway plays. His films include Logan's Run, Les Misérables, Old Boyfriends, Raise the Titanic, The Friends of Eddie Coyle, The Yakuza, Interiors, The Bunker, Dune, The Secret of My Success, Timebomb, The Hunt for Red October, Posse and Gettysburg.Jordan was born in New York City to Robert Anson Jordan, Sr. from Boston, Massachusetts, and Constance (née Hand) from New York. His maternal grandfather was Learned Hand, judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, and one of the most highly respected jurists in the United States. In 1942, when Jordan was five years old, his parents divorced. His mother married Newbold Morris, president of the New York City Council. Mayor Fiorello H. La Guardia officiated at the ceremony held in Gracie Mansion, the first marriage performed there.
<Jacob_S._Coxey_Sr.>	Jacob 'Jake' Sechler Coxey Sr. (April 16, 1854 – May 18, 1951), sometimes known as General Coxey, of Massillon, Ohio, was an American politician who ran for elective office several times in Ohio. Twice, in 1894 and 1914, he led "Coxey's Army", a group of unemployed men who marched to Washington, D.C., to present a "Petition in Boots" demanding that the United States Congress allocate funds to create jobs for the unemployed. Although the marches failed, Coxey's Army was an early attempt to arouse political interest in an issue that grew in importance until the Social Security Act of 1935 encouraged the establishment of state unemployment insurance programs.Jacob Sechler Coxey was born on April 16, 1854, in Selinsgrove, Pennsylvania, the son of the former Mary Ann Sechler and Thomas Coxey. His father worked in a sawmill at the time Jacob was born, but the family pulled up stakes to move to industrially thriving Danville, Pennsylvania, in 1860, with Jacob's father taking a job working in an iron mill.
<No_Offence>	No Offence is a British television police procedural drama on Channel 4, created by Paul Abbott. It follows a team of detectives from Friday Street police station, a division of the Manchester Metropolitan Police (a fictional version of the Greater Manchester Police). The series stars Joanna Scanlan as the protagonist, Detective Inspector Viv Deering. The first series focuses on the team's investigation into the serial murders of young girls with Down syndrome.  It was renewed for two further runs. The second series of seven episodes began broadcasting on 4 January 2017, and follows the investigation into Manchester crime boss Nora Attah (Rakie Ayola). It was filmed on location in Manchester.In the UK, the first episode of No Offence launched with 2.5 million viewers, Channel 4's biggest midweek drama launch for more than three years. Although subsequent episodes lost overnight viewers, dropping as low as 1.2 million, the weekly consolidated series average remained at 2.5 million and finished 47% up on Channel 4's slot average. In France, the first episode of No Offence aired on 29 February 2016 on France 2 and was watched by 5.46 million viewers, 20.4% of the TV audience. The next three episodes were shown back-to-back that evening and together achieved an average 4.6 million viewers, 19.3% of the TV audience.
<Brian_Austin_Green>	Brian Austin Green (born Brian Green; July 15, 1973) is an American actor, rapper, television personality and podcaster, best known for his portrayal of David Silver on the television series Beverly Hills, 90210 (1990–2000). Green was also a series regular on Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles,  Freddie, Wedding Band, and Anger Management.Green was born in Van Nuys, California, the son of Joyce and George Green. He has some Scottish ancestry. His middle name, "Austin", was added to differentiate himself from another actor when he joined the Screen Actor's Guild as a child. Green grew up in North Hollywood and attended North Hollywood High School, after attending the Hamilton High School Academy of Music.[citation needed]
<Carlos_Fuentes>	Carlos Fuentes Macías (/ˈfwɛnteɪs/; Spanish: [ˈkaɾlos ˈfwentes] (listen); November 11, 1928 – May 15, 2012) was a Mexican novelist and essayist. Among his works are The Death of Artemio Cruz (1962), Aura (1962), Terra Nostra (1975), The Old Gringo (1985) and Christopher Unborn (1987). In his obituary, The New York Times described Fuentes as "one of the most admired writers in the Spanish-speaking world" and an important influence on the Latin American Boom, the "explosion of Latin American literature in the 1960s and '70s", while The Guardian called him "Mexico's most celebrated novelist". His many literary honors include the Miguel de Cervantes Prize as well as Mexico's highest award, the Belisario Domínguez Medal of Honor (1999). He was often named as a likely candidate for the Nobel Prize in Literature, though he never won. His parents were both Mexicans.Fuentes was born in Panama City, the son of Berta Macías and Rafael Fuentes, the latter of whom was a Mexican diplomat. As the family moved for his father's career, Fuentes spent his childhood in various Latin American capital cities, an experience he later described as giving him the ability to view Latin America as a critical outsider. From 1934 to 1940, Fuentes' father was posted to the Mexican Embassy in Washington, D.C., where Carlos attended English-language school, eventually becoming fluent. He also began to write during this time, creating his own magazine, which he shared with apartments on his block.
<The_Case_for_Animal_Rights>	The Case for Animal Rights is a 1983 book by the American philosopher Tom Regan, in which the author argues that at least some kinds of non-human animals have moral rights because they are the "subjects-of-a-life," and that these rights adhere to them whether or not they are recognized. The work is considered an important text within animal rights theory.Regan's position is Kantian (though Immanuel Kant himself did not apply it to non-humans), namely that all subjects-of-a life possess inherent value and must be treated as ends-in-themselves, never as a means to an end. He also argues that, while being the subject-of-a-life is a sufficient condition for having intrinsic value, it is not a necessary one: an individual might not be the subject-of-a-life yet still possess intrinsic value.The argument is a deontological one, as opposed to consequentialist. If an individual possesses a moral right to not be used as a means to an end, that right ought not be sacrificed, even if the consequences of doing so are considered appealing. Regan challenges Kant's assertion that moral patienthood is predicated on rationality by observing, following Jeremy Bentham, that this theory would not allow for irrational humans to possess moral status, and proposes the possession of a subjectivity instead. He describes his "subject-of-a-life criterion" as follows:
<Richard_Hamming>	Richard Wesley Hamming (February 11, 1915 – January 7, 1998) was an American mathematician whose work had many implications for computer engineering and telecommunications. His contributions include the Hamming code (which makes use of a Hamming matrix), the Hamming window, Hamming numbers, sphere-packing (or Hamming bound), Hamming graph concepts, and the Hamming distance.Born in Chicago, Hamming attended University of Chicago, University of Nebraska and the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign, where he wrote his doctoral thesis in mathematics under the supervision of Waldemar Trjitzinsky (1901–1973). In April 1945 he joined the Manhattan Project at the Los Alamos Laboratory, where he programmed the IBM calculating machines that computed the solution to equations provided by the project's physicists. He left to join the Bell Telephone Laboratories in 1946. Over the next fifteen years he was involved in nearly all of the Laboratories' most prominent achievements. For his work he received the Turing Award in 1968, being its third recipient.
<Gainesville,_Florida>	Gainesville is the county seat of Alachua County, Florida, and the largest city in North Central Florida, with a population of 141,085 in 2020. It is the principal city of the Gainesville metropolitan area, which had a population of 339,247 in 2020.Gainesville is home to the University of Florida, the fourth-largest public university campus by enrollment in the United States as of the 2021–2022 academic year.
<CFR_Cluj>	Fotbal Club CFR 1907 Cluj, commonly known as CFR Cluj (Romanian pronunciation: [t͡ʃefeˌre ˈkluʒ] or [ˌt͡ʃefere ˈkluʒ]), is a Romanian professional football club based in the city of Cluj-Napoca, Cluj County, which competes in the Liga I. It was founded in 1907 as Kolozsvári Vasutas Sport Club, when Transylvania was part of Austria-Hungary, and the current name CFR is the acronym for Căile Ferate Române (i.e. "Romanian Railways").Before its latest promotion to the Liga I in 2004, the club had spent most of its existence in the lower divisions. CFR Cluj has since relied increasingly on foreign players for its success, and in the 2005–06 season participated in its first European competition, the Intertoto Cup, where it finished as runner-up. With significant financial support from previous owner Árpád Pászkány, CFR took the national title away from capital-based teams after seventeen years and became national champion for the first time in the 2007–08 campaign.
<Shosaku_Numa>	Shosaku Numa, ForMemRS (沼 正作, Numa Shousaku, February 7, 1929 – February 15, 1992) was a Japanese neuroscientist known for his pioneering research on neurotransmitters and ion channels, and for his contributions to the understanding of molecular mechanisms of neural signalling.Numa was born in Wakayama, Japan and completed his M.D. in 1952 at Kyoto University. He studied at Harvard Medical School with John Lawrence Oncley and worked at the Max Planck Society with Feodor Felix Konrad Lynen, before he became Professor of Medical Chemistry at the Faculty of Medicine, Kyoto University in 1968. He died  of colon cancer on February 15, 1992, at the age of 63.Numa and co-workers cloned and sequenced the cDNA and delineated the primary structures of different families of receptors and channels including a neurotransmitter-gated channel (nicotinic acetylcholine receptor), voltage-gated channels (sodium channel and calcium channel), an intracellular membrane channel (calcium-release channel), and a G-protein-coupled receptor (muscarinic acetylcholine receptor).
<Douglas_Engelbart>	Douglas Carl Engelbart (January 30, 1925 – July 2, 2013) was an American engineer and inventor, and an early computer and Internet pioneer. He is best known for his work on founding the field of human–computer interaction, particularly while at his Augmentation Research Center Lab in SRI International, which resulted in creation of the computer mouse, and the development of hypertext, networked computers, and precursors to graphical user interfaces. These were demonstrated at The Mother of All Demos in 1968. Engelbart's law, the observation that the intrinsic rate of human performance is exponential, is named after him.NLS, the "oN-Line System," developed by the Augmentation Research Center under Engelbart's guidance with funding primarily from ARPA (as DARPA was then known), demonstrated numerous technologies, most of which are now in widespread use; it included the computer mouse, bitmapped screens, hypertext; all of which were displayed at "The Mother of All Demos" in 1968. The lab was transferred from SRI to Tymshare in the late 1970s, which was acquired by McDonnell Douglas in 1984, and NLS was renamed Augment (now the Doug Engelbart Institute). At both Tymshare and McDonnell Douglas, Engelbart was limited by a lack of interest in his ideas and funding to pursue them, and retired in 1986.
<Kyra_Sedgwick>	Kyra Minturn Sedgwick (born August 19, 1965) is an American actress, producer and director. She is best known for her starring role as Deputy Chief Brenda Leigh Johnson on the TNT crime drama The Closer. For her portrayal of Johnson, Sedgwick won a Golden Globe Award in 2007 and an Emmy Award in 2010. The series ended on August 13, 2012, following the completion of its seventh season. Sedgwick is also known for her recurring role as Madeline Wuntch on the sitcom Brooklyn Nine-Nine.Sedgwick was nominated for a Golden Globe award for her performance in Something to Talk About (1995). Sedgwick's other film roles include Oliver Stone's Born on the Fourth of July (1989), Cameron Crowe's Singles (1992), Heart and Souls (1993), Phenomenon (1996), What's Cooking (2000), Secondhand Lions (2003), The Game Plan (2007), The Possession (2012), and The Edge of Seventeen (2016).Sedgwick was born in New York City, the daughter of Patricia (née Rosenwald), a speech teacher and educational/family therapist and Henry Dwight Sedgwick V, a venture capitalist. Her mother was Jewish and her father was Episcopalian and of English heritage. Sedgwick has identified herself as Jewish and has stated that she participates in Passover seders.
<Rafa_Jordà>	Rafael Jordà Ruiz de Assin (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈrafa ʝoɾˈða]; born 1 January 1984) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a centre-forward.Born in Santa Perpètua de Mogoda, Barcelona, Catalonia, Jordà finished his development with CD Numancia then made his senior debut with their reserves. He was subsequently loaned to Segunda División B club CM Peralta and, after appearing in three La Liga games with the former's first team towards the end of the 2004–05 season, the first being on 6 February 2005 as he featured the full 90 minutes in a 1–0 away loss against Getafe CF, was again loaned out to another side in the third level, Benidorm CF.
<Deutsche_Bahn>	The Deutsche Bahn AG (IPA: [ˈdɔʏtʃə ˈbaːn]; abbreviated as DB or DB AG) is the national railway company of Germany. Headquartered in the Bahntower in Berlin, it is a joint-stock company (AG). The Federal Republic of Germany is its single shareholder.Deutsche Bahn describes itself as the second-largest transport company in the world, after the German postal and logistics company Deutsche Post / DHL, and is the largest railway operator and infrastructure owner in Europe. Deutsche Bahn was the largest railway company in the world by revenue in 2015; in 2019, DB Passenger transport companies carried around 4.8 billion passengers, and DB logistics companies transported approximately 232 million tons of goods in rail freight transport.
<Paulo_Torres>	Paulo Manuel Banha Torres (born 25 November 1971) is a Portuguese former footballer who played as a left back, currently the manager of Angolan club C.R.D. Libolo.Torres was born in Évora, Alentejo Region. During his career, which was spent entirely in his country and Spain, the free kick specialist played for Sporting CP (this included a very brief loan at Lisbon neighbours Atlético Clube de Portugal), S.C. Campomaiorense, UD Salamanca – spending one season each in the country's two major divisions – Rayo Vallecano, G.D. Chaves, CD Leganés, S.C.U. Torreense, F.C. Penafiel and Imortal DC, retiring at 31.Torres was part of the Portuguese national team, dubbed The Golden Generation, that won the 1991 FIFA World Youth Championship on home soil, scoring two goals through long-distance free kicks and three in total during the tournament. He also won two full caps, both in the following year.
<El-Ad_Group>	The El-Ad Group is an Israel-based American real estate development company. The group controls many subsidiaries including Elad Properties, which is based in New York City, Elad Florida and El-Ad Canada, which is based in Toronto, Ontario.Collectively, the El-Ad Group owns many landmarks across North America, including the historic Plaza Hotel, The Grand Madison and the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower in New York City. The El-Ad Group is owned by Yitzhak Tshuva, an Israeli businessman.In May 2007, Elad Properties purchased the New Frontier Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada for $1.2 billion. The project went bankrupt, and was halted indefinitely.
<James_L._Flanagan>	James Loton Flanagan (August 26, 1925 – August 25, 2015) was an American electrical engineer. He was Rutgers University's vice president for research until 2004. He was also director of Rutgers' Center for Advanced Information Processing and the Board of Governors Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering. He is known for co-developing adaptive differential pulse-code modulation (ADPCM) with P. Cummiskey and Nikil Jayant at Bell Labs.Flanagan was born in Greenwood, Mississippi. He received a bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering in 1948 at Mississippi State University. Afterwards, he started as a graduate student in the Acoustics Laboratory at MIT where he got his master's degree in 1950 and, after a two-year break teaching at Mississippi State, received his Ph.D. in 1955.He was chosen as the 2005 recipient of the Research and Development Council of New Jersey's Science/Technology Medal. He worked at Bell Laboratories for 33 years before he joined Rutgers. He has worked in voice communications, computer techniques, and electroacoustic systems.  At Bell Laboratories he was the department head of the Acoustics Research Department for many years, and managed and supported work such as James E. West's invention of the electret microphone, Bishnu S. Atal's work on speech coding, David Berkley and Gary Elko's work on acoustics, Jont Allen and Joe Hall's work on psychoacoustics, James D. Johnston's work on perceptual audio coding mp3, work on speech synthesis, and Lawrence Rabiner and Aaron Rosenberg (and others) work on speech recognition.  Flanagan holds the patent on the modern artificial larynx design. During his tenure, first as department head, and then Laboratory Director, many advancements in signal processing, psychoacoustics, array microphone processing, digital loudspeakers, and other pioneering achievements were reduced to practice.
<Pete_Carpenter>	Clarence E. "Pete" Carpenter (April 1, 1914 – October 18, 1987) was an American jazz trombonist, arranger, and veteran of television theme music sheet music. After a long career playing the trombone in bands and as a studio musician, Carpenter started working with composer Earle Hagen and writing music for television on shows like Bewitched (1964), Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C. (1964), and The Andy Griffith Show (1966–1967).Carpenter's collaboration with the much younger composer Mike Post began in 1968 and lasted until Carpenter's death nearly two decades later. The two saw some success when they wrote the theme for producer Stephen J. Cannell's first show, the police detective drama Toma in 1973. But their big breakthrough was the top 10 Billboard hit and Grammy Award-winning theme for Cannell's private detective drama The Rockford Files in 1974, starring James Garner.
<Mariz_Umali>	Marie Grace Michelle Bade Umali-Tima (born March 4, 1979),[self-published source?] widely known as Mariz Umali (Tagalog: [ˈmaɾɪs ʊˈmalɪ]), is a Filipina television news anchor and journalist. She is known for being the main newscaster of the weekend edition of GMA News TV's Balitanghali (first aired in Q in 2010 and she is with former co-anchor Jun Veneracion until 2019). She finished broadcast communications course at the University of the Philippines Diliman but she started as a pharmacy student.  She started to work at GMA Network as a researcher and producer of news content for the 2001 Philippine general elections. Besides Balintanghali, she also appeared as host or documentarian in other television shows such as I-Witness, Out of Control and Born to Be Wild. She also appears as one of the host of the Unang Hirit, GMA Network's morning showUmali wanted to be a doctor, thus, she enrolled in a course related to medicine, which is pharmacy but she later transferred to broadcast communications at the University of the Philippines Diliman, from where she graduated cum laude. In 2000, she ran as Chairman of UP Diliman University Student Council but she lost to Raymond Palatino who is the future Representative of Kabataan at the House of Representatives of the Philippines. She also joined UP-CMC Broadcast Association, a non-profit organization of UPD College of Mass Communication.
<John_Kassir>	John Kassir (born October 24, 1957) is an American actor and comedian. He is known for his work as the voice of the Cryptkeeper in HBO's Tales from the Crypt franchise. He is also known for his role as Ralph in the off-Broadway show Reefer Madness and its 2005 film adaptation. He is one of the current voices of Scrooge McDuck after the death of Alan Young in 2016, along with David Tennant in the role as the property was rebooted.John Kassir was born on October 24, 1957, in Baltimore, Maryland, to an Iraqi father from Mosul and a Syrian mother from  Mardin, present-day Turkey. He is of Assyrian descent. As a child, he would often do impressions in school and was described as a "class clown". His mother would often buy props for him and he would entertain customers who were shopping outside of Eudowood Plaza. He graduated from Loch Raven High School and attended Towson State University where he studied theatre. He and several other students formed a comedy troupe called Animal Crackers.
<Ann_Arbor,_Michigan>	Ann Arbor is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan and the county seat of Washtenaw County. It is a suburb of Detroit. The 2020 census recorded its population to be 123,851. It is the principal city of the Ann Arbor Metropolitan Statistical Area, which encompasses all of Washtenaw County. Ann Arbor is also included in the Greater Detroit Combined Statistical Area and the Great Lakes megalopolis, the most populated and largest megalopolis in North America.Ann Arbor is home to the University of Michigan. The university significantly shapes Ann Arbor's economy as it employs about 30,000 workers, including about 12,000 in the medical center. The city's economy is also centered on high technology, with several companies drawn to the area by the university's research and development infrastructure.
<Carl_Sagan>	Carl Edward Sagan (/ˈseɪɡən/; SAY-gən; November 9, 1934 – December 20, 1996) was an American astronomer, planetary scientist, cosmologist, astrophysicist, astrobiologist, author, and science communicator. His best known scientific contribution is research on extraterrestrial life, including experimental demonstration of the production of amino acids from basic chemicals by radiation. Sagan assembled the first physical messages sent into space, the Pioneer plaque and the Voyager Golden Record, universal messages that could potentially be understood by any extraterrestrial intelligence that might find them. Sagan argued the hypothesis, accepted since, that the high surface temperatures of Venus can be attributed to, and calculated using, the greenhouse effect.Initially an assistant professor at Harvard, Sagan later moved to Cornell where he would spend the majority of his career. Sagan published more than 600 scientific papers and articles and was author, co-author or editor of more than 20 books. He wrote many popular science books, such as The Dragons of Eden, Broca's Brain, Pale Blue Dot and narrated and co-wrote the award-winning 1980 television series Cosmos: A Personal Voyage. The most widely watched series in the history of American public television, Cosmos has been seen by at least 500 million people in 60 countries. The book Cosmos was published to accompany the series. He also wrote the 1985 science fiction novel Contact, the basis for a 1997 film of the same name. His papers, containing 595,000 items, are archived at The Library of Congress.
<Cornell_University>	Cornell University is a private Ivy League and statutory land-grant research university based in Ithaca, New York. Founded in 1865 by Ezra Cornell and Andrew Dickson White, Cornell was founded with the intention to teach and make contributions in all fields of knowledge—from the classics to the sciences, and from the theoretical to the applied.  These ideals, unconventional for the time, are captured in Cornell's founding principle, a popular 1868 quotation from founder Ezra Cornell: "I would found an institution where any person can find instruction in any study." Cornell is ranked among the most prestigious universities in the world.The university is organized into seven undergraduate colleges and seven graduate divisions at its main Ithaca campus, with each college and division defining its specific admission standards and academic programs in near autonomy. The university also administers three satellite campuses, two in New York City and one in Education City, Qatar.
<Henrik_Fisker>	Henrik Fisker (born 10 August 1963) is a Danish automotive designer and entrepreneur based in Los Angeles, California. He is best known for designing luxury cars including the BMW Z8, Aston Martin DB9, Aston Martin V8 Vantage, Fisker Karma, Galpin-Fisker Mustang Rocket, VLF Force 1 V10, VLF Destino V8, Fisker EMotion, Fisker Ocean, and Fisker Orbit. He also designed the Viking motorcycle and Benetti Fisker 50 superyacht, and is involved in the design of flexible solid-state battery technology. He is the founder of HF Design, co-founded VLF Automotive, founder and former CEO of Fisker Coachbuild, founder of Fisker Automotive, where he served as chairman and CEO until March 2013, and currently is the founder, chairman, and CEO of Fisker Inc.Fisker was born in Allerød, Denmark. As a young boy he became interested in cars after seeing a Maserati Bora on the highway, and soon started sketching designs in notebooks. He graduated with a degree in transportation design from the Art Center College of Design in Vevey, Switzerland, in 1989.
<Hate_Story>	Hate Story is a 2012 Indian Hindi-language erotic thriller film directed by Vivek Agnihotri and produced by Vikram Bhatt. It stars Nikhil Dwivedi, Gulshan Devaiya and Paoli Dam and the film was released on 20 April 2012. The first installment in the Hate Story film series the film was a commercial and critical success. The premise of the film chronicles a woman and her struggle to fight against the man that betrayed her.Journalist Kavya Krishna (Paoli Dam) and her best man friend, Vicky, pull off a sting operation against a big company which happens to belong to tycoon Siddharth Dhanrajgir. Siddharth, being a rich and cocky young man, wants revenge. He offers Kavya a job in his company with a three hundred percent raise in income. Kavya accepts his offer immediately. They go on a business trip together, and Kavya helps Siddharth get his company a good deal. That night, Siddharth takes Kavya to dinner, where they connect romantically and end up having sex. Upon returning, Kavya brings gifts for Vicky and tells him she loves her job.
<Heinrich_Otto_Wieland>	Heinrich Otto Wieland (German pronunciation: [ˈhaɪ̯nʁɪç ˈviːlant] (listen); 4 June 1877 – 5 August 1957) was a German chemist. He won the 1927 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his research into the bile acids.In 1901 Wieland received his doctorate at the University of Munich while studying under Johannes Thiele.[citation needed]  In 1904 he completed his habilitation, then continued to teach at the university and starting in 1907 was a consultant for Boehringer Ingelheim.[citation needed] In 1914 he became associate professor for special topics in organic chemistry, and director of the Organic Division of the State Laboratory in Munich. From 1917 to 1918 Wieland worked in the service of the (KWI) Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Physical Chemistry and Electrochemistry in Dahlem then led by Fritz Haber as an alternative to regular military service. There he was involved in weapons research for instance finding new synthetic routes for mustard gas. He is also credited with the first synthesis of Adamsite.From 1913 to 1921, he was Professor at the Technical University of Munich. He then moved to the University of Freiburg as successor of Ludwig Gattermann (he also assumed responsibility for Gattermanns famous cookbook). In Freiburg he started working on toad poisons and bile acids. In association with Boehringer Ingelheim he worked on synthetic alkaloids such as morphine and strychnine.
<Gerhard_Welz>	Gerhard Welz (born 1 February 1945 in Frankfurt) is a former professional German footballer.Welz made a total of 90 appearances in the Fußball-Bundesliga and 137 in the 2. Bundesliga during his playing career.
<José_de_la_Cuadra>	José de la Cuadra (September 3, 1903 – February 27, 1941) was an Ecuadorian social realist writer, whose short stories are among the most important in Ecuadorian literature.De la Cuadra was born in Guayaquil on September 3, 1903. His father was Vicente de la Cuadra y Vayas and his mother was Ana Victoria Vargas y Jiménez.He had an LL.D. from the University of Guayaquil and worked as a diplomat in Argentina and Uruguay.
<The_Man_Who_Stayed_at_Home_(1914_play)>	The Man Who Stayed at Home is a play by J. E. Harold Terry and Lechmere Worrall. First performed in 1914, the play is set during the First World War and tells the story of a group of German spies in South East England and the British agent who thwarts their undercover operation. It ran for over a year and a half in London and became one of the longest running plays of the period. It was also performed in Australia and New Zealand, and in North America where it was known as The White Feather. There were two film versions of the play, the first in 1915 and the other in 1919.This three act play is set in a boarding house called the 'Wave Crest Hotel' on the English coast. Christopher Brent is ‘The Man who...’, a character viewed by other characters as lazy and cowardly for his refusal to enlist as a soldier. However it soon becomes clear to the audience that he is actually a British secret agent attempting to uncover a group of German spies, based in the hotel, who are sending information to Germany using a wireless machine hidden in the fireplace. The Examiner of Plays, George Street, described it as 'a really good play about spies, with possible people and incidents and without any foolish violence of language. The plot, as is usual with good detective stories and plays, is full of incident'.
<Sea_Containers>	Sea Containers was a Bermudan registered company which operated two main business areas: transport and container leasing. It filed for bankruptcy on 16 October 2006. In 2009 its maritime container interests were transferred to a new company SeaCo Ltd.Yale University graduate and retired United States Navy officer James Sherwood founded Sea Containers in 1965, with initial capital of $100,000. It was later listed on the New York Stock Exchange. In May 1989, UK-based Tiphook launched an unsuccessful takeover bid for the company.Over 40 years, Sherwood expanded Sea Containers from a supplier of leased cargo containers, into various shipping companies, as well as expanding the company into luxury hotels and railway trains, including the Venice-Simplon Orient Express and the Great North Eastern Railway train operating company. Sherwood's net worth was estimated at £60million in the 2004 Sunday Times Rich List.
<Jung_Jo-gook>	Jung Jo-gook (Korean: 정조국; Hanja: 鄭助國; born 23 April 1984) is a South Korean footballer who coaches for Jeju United FC.In 2003, after graduating Daesin High School and leaving its football team, Jung Jo-Gook joined FC Seoul (then known as Anyang LG Cheetahs) for his senior club, where he played as a striker in the team. He scored 12 goals in 32 appearances in his debut season and received K League Rookie of the Year in 2003. However, his good form did not last and he experienced a slump until 2007 because of continuous injury. In the second half of the 2008, he recovered his good performance and scored 8 goals in 14 appearances. In 2010 K League, he succeeded in scoring double-digit goals again in 7 years and led FC Seoul to champion of 2010 season.
<Roger_Y._Tsien>	Roger Yonchien Tsien (pronounced /tʃɛn/, "CHEN"; February 1, 1952 – August 24, 2016) was an American biochemist. He was a professor of chemistry and biochemistry at the University of California, San Diego and was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his discovery and development of the green fluorescent protein, in collaboration with organic chemist Osamu Shimomura and neurobiologist Martin Chalfie. Tsien was also a pioneer of calcium imaging.Tsien was born to a Chinese American family in New York, in 1952. He grew up in Livingston, New Jersey and attended Livingston High School. Tsien traces his family ancestry to Hangzhou, China. His father Hsue-Chu Tsien, an MIT and Shanghai Jiao Tong University alumnus, was a mechanical engineer and had excelled academically, graduating at the top of his university class.
<Carolyn_S._Shoemaker>	Carolyn Jean Spellmann Shoemaker (June 24, 1929 – August 13, 2021) was an American astronomer and a co-discoverer of Comet Shoemaker–Levy 9. She discovered 32 comets (then a record for the most by an individual) and more than 500 asteroids.Having earned degrees in history, political science, and English literature, she had little interest in science until she met and married geologist Eugene Merle Shoemaker. Her career in astronomy began when she demonstrated good stereoscopic vision, a particularly valuable quality for looking for objects in near-Earth space. Despite the fact that her degrees were not in science, having that visual ability motivated the California Institute of Technology (Caltech) to hire her as a research assistant on a team led by her husband. She went on to making record-setting discoveries in the field of astronomy, as well as being awarded honorary degrees and many profession awards.
<IPL_Information_Processing_Limited>	IPL Information Processing Limited, commonly known as IPL, is a privately owned European software services company headquartered in Bath, UK, providing business consultancy, technical consultancy, IT solutions and support services. The firm was founded in 1979 and employs 278 staff. For the year ended 30 September 2014, the company posted a turnover of £27.3m.IPL was founded in 1979 as a software development company by Michael Johnson, David Embleton and Clive Jones. Over time, it has expanded into the consultancy and managed services markets.
<Zachary_Scott>	Zachary Scott (February 21, 1914 – October 3, 1965) was an American actor who was known for his roles as villains and "mystery men".Scott was born in Austin, Texas, the son of Sallie Lee (Masterson) and Zachary Thomson Scott, a doctor.
<Guthrie_McClintic>	Guthrie McClintic (August 6, 1893 – October 29, 1961) was an American theatre director, film director, and producer based in New York.McClintic was born in Seattle, attended Washington University and New York's American Academy of Dramatic Arts, and became an actor, but soon became a stage manager and casting director for major Broadway producer Winthrop Ames. His Broadway directorial debut was on A. A. Milne's The Dover Road. McClintic's first major success was on The Barretts of Wimpole Street featuring his wife, the American actress Katharine Cornell, in 1931. He also directed Hamlet featuring John Gielgud in New York in 1936.Katharine Cornell served on the Board of Directors of The Rehearsal Club, a place where young actresses could stay while looking for work in the theatre. McClintic sometimes found roles for the young women in his plays.
<Walter_Richardson_(politician)>	Walter Richardson (4 June 1871 – 25 February 1959) was an Australian politician who was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1921 to 1933, representing the seat of Subiaco.Richardson was born in Saddleworth, South Australia, to Elizabeth (née Ramsay) and Henry Richardson. He came to Western Australia in 1896, and set up as a storekeeper. He was elected to the Subiaco Municipal Council in 1907, serving until 1912, and was later mayor of the municipality from 1920 to 1921. Richardson first ran for parliament at the 1908 state election, unsuccessfully standing for the Labor Party in Subiaco. His opponent was Henry Daglish, a former Labor premier who had transferred to the Ministerialists. After the Labor Party split of 1916, Richardson joined the new National Labor Party. He served as the party's state secretary from 1920 to 1924, and recontested Subiaco for the party at the 1921 election, defeating both a Labor candidate and the sitting Nationalist member, Samuel Brown.
<Wolverhampton_Wanderers_F.C.>	Wolverhampton Wanderers Football Club (/ˌwʊlvərˈhæmptən/ (listen)), commonly known as Wolves, is a professional football club based in Wolverhampton, England, which compete in the Premier League. The club has played at Molineux Stadium since moving from Dudley Road in 1889. The club's traditional kit consists of old gold shirts and socks with black shorts. Since 1979, the kit has also featured the club's "wolf's head" logo. Long-standing rivalries exist with other clubs from the West Midlands, the main one being the Black Country derby contested with West Bromwich Albion.Formed as St. Luke's F.C. in 1877, the club changed name to Wolverhampton Wanderers two years later and became one of the founding members of the Football League in 1888. They won the FA Cup for the first time in 1893, and again as a Second Division team in 1908 following the club's relegation two years previously. They fell to the third tier in 1923, but went on to win the Third Division North in 1923–24 and the Second Division in 1931–32. The team was crowned English League champions three times – in 1953–54, 1957–58 and 1958–59 – all under the management of Stan Cullis. Wolves also won another two FA Cup finals, in 1949 and 1960. Relegated in 1965, after 26 consecutive seasons in the top flight, they secured promotion back to the First Division in 1966–67. Wolves won the League Cup in 1974 and 1980, and again won the Second Division title in 1976–77.
<Twister_(roller_coaster)>	Twister is a wooden roller coaster located at Knoebels Amusement Resort in Elysburg, Pennsylvania. It is a recreation of the famous Mister Twister, a 1964 John C. Allen design.Knoebels Amusement Resort in Elysburg, Pennsylvania, started planning another roller coaster in 1998, following the popularity of its first coaster, Phoenix. Seeking to preserve another classic ride, the park looked into acquiring the defunct "Mister Twister", which had been abandoned when the entire Elitch Gardens amusement park was relocated in Denver, Colorado. However, Mister Twister had been closed for so long that it was no longer in operating condition, and space constraints made physically relocating the ride impossible. Knoebels purchased the blueprints and set out to rebuild the roller coaster from scratch, modifying the design to fit the space available. A groundbreaking ceremony for the new Twister took place on November 3, 1998. At the time, the roller coaster was expected to cost $2 million to $3 million. Knoebels president Dick Knoebels described the ride as the largest project in the park's history.The ride was designed by Knoebels staff designer John Fetterman based on John Allen's original design for Mister Twister. Fetterman had never ridden Mister Twister himself, but one of his friends had recommended the ride after having gone on Mister Twister. Twister ultimately cost $3 million. The Adams Construction Company built the ride over a period of eight months. The roller coaster opened on July 24, 1999. An auction for seats on Twister's inaugural ride raised $8,625 for the Make-A-Wish Foundation.
<Tehran>	Tehran (/tɛəˈræn, -ˈrɑːn, ˌteɪ-/; Persian: تهران Tehrân [tehˈɾɒːn] (listen)) is the largest city in Tehran Province and the capital of Iran. With a population of around 9 million in the city and around 16 million in the larger metropolitan area of Greater Tehran, Tehran is the most populous city in Iran and Western Asia, and has the second-largest metropolitan area in the Middle East, after Cairo. It is ranked 24th in the world by metropolitan area population.In the Classical era, part of the territory of present-day Tehran was occupied by Rhages, a prominent Median city destroyed in the medieval Arab, Turkic, and Mongol invasions. Modern Ray is an urban area absorbed into the metropolitan area of Greater Tehran.
<Lise_Simms>	Elisabeth Caroline "Lise" Simms (born March 17, 1963) is an American actress, singer, designer and dancer.Simms was born in Pueblo, Colorado, to Bill and Jacque Simms, the sixth of nine children. In 1981, she graduated from Pueblo Centennial High School. Her brother, Tom, is a Spanish and Language Arts teacher at Centennial High School.Simms began her acting career at age 13. After graduating from high school, she started acting on Broadway in numerous plays, including Other People's Money, Mame, Can-Can, Sweet Charity and Bye Bye Birdie during the 1980s. She was a member of the original Los Angeles, California cast of Beauty and the Beast and toured around the world with A Chorus Line in 1986.
<Amanda_Fisher>	Dame Amanda Gay Fisher DBE FRS FMedSci is a British cell biologist and Director of the Medical Research Council (MRC) London Institute of Medical Sciences at the Hammersmith Hospital campus of Imperial College London, where she is also a Professor leading the Institute of Clinical Sciences. She has made contributions to multiple areas of cell biology, including determining the function of several genes in HIV and describing the importance of a gene's location within the cell nucleus.As a postdoctoral researcher, she produced the first functional copies of HIV, providing researchers with access to enough biologically active material to study the function of the virus's genes. She later became interested in epigenetics and nuclear reprogramming, particularly in white blood cells known as lymphocytes and embryonic stem cells. As of 2016[update] her research focuses on how gene expression patterns are inherited when cells divide, using lymphocytes as a model system.
<Alfred_Rittmann>	Alfred Rittmann (23 March 1893 – 19 September 1980) was a leading volcanologist. He was elected President of the International Association of Volcanology for three terms (1954–1963).Rittmann was the son of a dentist in Basel, Switzerland. He studied music and natural science at the University of Basel and later he changed to the University of Geneva. He received his PhD there (1922) for work on ultramafic rocks of the Ural Mountains.Rittmann left Geneva to study with Alfred Lacroix in Paris, Friedrich Johann Karl Becke in Vienna, Ernst Anton Wülfing and Victor Mordechai Goldschmidt in Heidelberg. In 1926, the rich banker Immanuel Friedländer founded the Institute for Volcanology in Naples and Rittmann became leading scientist of the institute. His work focused on the Mount Vesuvius and on the island of Ischia. This resulted in his first great work: "Evolution und Differentiation des Somma-Vesuvmagmas" (Rittmann, 1933).
<Manuel_Curto>	Manuel José da Luz Correia Curto (born 9 July 1986) is a Portuguese former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.Born in Torres Vedras, Lisbon District, Curto spent seven years in S.L. Benfica's youth system, where he operated as a forward. In the following years, however, he played in a more defensive position.After several seasons in the lower leagues, Curto joined G.D. Estoril Praia in the Segunda Liga. In the 2010–11 campaign he made his Primeira Liga debut with Associação Naval 1º de Maio, his first match in the competition occurring on 24 September 2010 as he played nine minutes in a 3–1 away loss against S.C. Braga.
<Tres_Cabrones>	Tres Cabrones is the 19th album by the Melvins, released on November 5, 2013. It features their original drummer Mike Dillard, with current drummer Dale Crover playing bass. It is the first official album to feature Mike Dillard, as his only previous appearances were on the archival Mangled Demos from 1983 and a handful of compilation and bootleg releases. The album title translates as "three bastards" from Spanish.Nine songs were previously released in various limited releases through Amphetamine Reptile Records:
<Freshman_Love>	Freshman Love is a 1936 sound film based on George Ade's oft filmed 1904 play The College Widow, adaptations of which were filmed twice previously, in 1915 and 1927, and parodied by the Marx Brothers in their 1932 film Horse Feathers. This version is directed by William McGann and is a comedy-musical starring Patricia Ellis.This is Lloyd Bridges' first film.A print is preserved at the Library of Congress.
<Uyyala_Jampala>	Uyyala Jampala is a 2013 Indian Telugu-language romantic comedy drama film directed by Virinchi Varma, produced by Ram Mohan P and Nagarjuna under Sunshine Cinema in association with Annapurna Studios, starring Raj Tarun and Avika Gor.Uyyala Jampala received positive reviews from critics who appreciated the performances and technical aspects of the film. Tarun and Gor won Best Male Debut and Best Female Debut respectively at the 3rd South Indian International Movie Awards.
<Do_the_Windows_Open?>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Vancouver_Grizzlies>	The Vancouver Grizzlies were a Canadian professional basketball team based in Vancouver. They were part of the Midwest Division of the Western Conference of the National Basketball Association (NBA). The team was established in 1995, along with the Toronto Raptors, as part of the NBA's expansion into Canada. Following the 2000–01 season, the team relocated to Memphis, Tennessee, United States and was renamed the Memphis Grizzlies. The Grizzlies played their home games at General Motors Place (now  Rogers Arena) for all of their six seasons in Vancouver.Like most expansion teams, the Grizzlies struggled in their early years. The team finished last in their division in five of its seasons, and never won more than 30% of its games in any of the team's seasons in Vancouver. In total, the team won 101 games, lost 359, and never qualified for the NBA playoffs. The two expansion teams were denied early draft picks in the first season, but the Grizzlies secured Shareef Abdur-Rahim in 1996 and Mike Bibby with the 2nd pick of the 1998 draft. The team continued to lose games despite high draft picks. After they selected Steve Francis as second pick in 1999, he refused to play in Vancouver and was traded away. After the 1998–99 lockout, lower attendance and a weak Canadian dollar caused the owner Orca Bay Sports and Entertainment to lose money on the franchise. After a failed attempt to sell the team to Bill Laurie, it was instead sold to Michael Heisley and subsequently moved to Memphis, Tennessee, for the 2001–02 season.
<Harry_Brand>	Harry Brand (October 20, 1895 – February 22, 1989) was an American press agent. Described as "the mastermind who made Shirley Temple the most famous child star in history, Betty Grable a GI Joe pinup girl and Marilyn Monroe a sex goddess," Brand was the head of publicity at 20th Century Fox from 1935 until 1962.Known as the "Herald of Hyperbole" for his exuberant press releases, Brand was an accomplished fixer. Married to Sybil Brand, a prominent philanthropist and political fundraiser, and the brother of a Los Angeles Superior Court Judge, he utilized his family connections as well as his relationships with powerful columnists such as Louella Parsons and Walter Winchell to keep scandals and indiscretions that involved his clients out of the headlines.Brand was born in New York to Austrian immigrants Louis Brand, a tailor, and Celia Berry Brand. He moved with his family to Los Angeles in 1900, and in 1902 he broke his leg. Set improperly, he walked with a limp and was in pain for the rest of his life.
<Parsons_Brinckerhoff>	WSP USA, formerly WSP|Parsons Brinckerhoff and  Parsons Brinckerhoff, is a multinational engineering and design firm with approximately 14,000 employees. WSP stands for Williams Sale Partnership. The firm operates in the fields of strategic consulting, planning, engineering, construction management, energy, infrastructure and community planning. In 2013, the company was named the tenth largest U.S.-based engineering/design firm by Engineering News Record. In 2020, it was ranked #7 of the Top 500 Design Firms and #2 of the Top 100 Pure Designers by the same magazine.On October 31, 2014, Parsons Brinckerhoff became a wholly owned independent subsidiary of WSP Global, a Canadian-based professional services firm. Parsons Brinckerhoff was renamed to WSP|Parsons Brinckerhoff, then to WSP USA in 2017. Together with WSP Global, WSP USA is one of the largest professional services firms in the world, with approximately 31,500 employees in 500 offices serving 39 countries.Founded in 1885 in New York City by civil engineer William Barclay Parsons, among Parsons Brinckerhoff's earliest projects was the original IRT line of the New York City Subway, designed by Parsons Brinckerhoff and opened in 1904. Parsons Brinckerhoff also designed the Cape Cod Canal, which opened in 1914  and charted the course of a railway in China from Hankow (Wuhan) to Canton (Guangzhou), a line that is also still in use today. In 1906, Henry M. Brinckerhoff, a highway engineer, brought his expertise in electric railways to the firm. He is known for his co-invention of the third rail.
<Don_L._Anderson>	Don Lynn Anderson (March 5, 1933 – December 2, 2014) was an American geophysicist who made significant contributions to the understanding of the origin, evolution, structure, and composition of Earth and other planets. An expert in numerous scientific disciplines, Anderson's work combined seismology, solid state physics, geochemistry and petrology to explain how the Earth works. Anderson was best known for his contributions to the understanding of the Earth's deep interior, and more recently[when?], for the plate theory hypothesis that hotspots are the product of plate tectonics rather than narrow plumes emanating from the deep Earth. Anderson was Professor (Emeritus) of Geophysics in the Division of Geological and Planetary Sciences at the  California Institute of Technology (Caltech). He received numerous awards from geophysical, geological and astronomical societies. In 1998 he was awarded the Crafoord Prize by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences along with Adam Dziewonski. Later that year, Anderson received the National Medal of Science. He held honorary doctorates from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (where he did his undergraduate work in geology and geophysics) and the University of Paris (Sorbonne), and served on numerous university advisory committees, including those at Harvard, Princeton, Yale, University of Chicago, Stanford, University of Paris, Purdue University, and Rice University. Anderson's wide-ranging research resulted in hundreds of published papers in the fields of planetary science, seismology, mineral physics, petrology, geochemistry, tectonics and the philosophy of science.Born in Frederick, Maryland in 1933, Anderson moved to Baltimore when he was six. He graduated from Baltimore Polytechnic Institute then attended Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (RPI) where he earned a Bachelor of Science in geology and geophysics in 1955. He then worked in the oil industry in California, Montana and Wyoming, and served in the Air Force in Massachusetts and Thule, Greenland before moving to California, where he received a Ph.D. in geophysics and mathematics at Caltech in 1962. He spent most of his subsequent academic career at Caltech's Seismological Laboratory, becoming its second longest serving director from 1967 to 1989. He was married to Nancy Ruth Anderson, had two children, Lynn Anderson Rodriguez and Lee Weston Anderson, and four granddaughters.Anderson began his scientific career while serving in the U.S. Air Force. In Greenland, he studied the properties of sea ice. Anderson was charged with determining whether the ice was strong enough to withstand the landing of heavy aircraft. In working with his colleague, Dr. Wilford Weeks, on scientific papers resulting from the research, it became clear to Anderson that he needed more education. He chose to attend Caltech in geophysics. Anderson's thesis focused on the anisotropic, or directionally dependent, properties of the mantle. It analyzed wave propagation in layered complex media. Prior to Anderson's work, seismologists had assumed that the Earth's interior behaved like glass, and was isotropic. After completing his Ph.D. in 1962, Anderson joined the faculty at Caltech and moved on to other areas of study, writing papers on the composition, physical state, and origin of the Earth as well as other planets. Much later in his career, he returned to the effects of anisotropy and partial melting and the presence of fluids in the upper mantle. He and his colleagues developed methods for taking into account anisotropy and the non-elastic behavior of seismic waves to explain how the Earth works. The technical terms for the subjects of his studies are anharmonicity, asphericity, anelasticity, as well as anisotrophy. In other words, the Earth is not an ideal, elastic sphere.
<Buddy_Cianci>	Vincent Albert "Buddy" Cianci, Jr. (/siˈænsi/, see-AN-see; Italian pronunciation: [ˈtʃantʃi], CHAHN-chee; April 30, 1941 – January 28, 2016) was an American politician, attorney, radio talk show host, political commentator, and convicted felon who served as the mayor of Providence, Rhode Island from 1975 to 1984 and again from 1991 to 2002. Cianci was the longest-serving mayor of Providence and one of the longest-serving mayors in United States history, having held office for over 21 years.Cianci was twice elected Mayor of Providence. Earlier in his career he served as a state prosecutor in the Rhode Island Department of Attorney General. Cianci was forced to resign from office during both mayoral tenures due to felony convictions. His first administration ended in 1984 when he pleaded nolo contendere to charges brought against him involving kidnapping and torturing a man Cianci believed was romantically involved with his ex-wife. His second stint as mayor ended when he was forced to resign following his conviction for one count of racketeering conspiracy, and he served four years in federal prison.
<Eringen_Medal>	The A. C. Eringen Medal or Eringen Medal  is an award given annually by the Society of Engineering Science (SES) to an individual "in recognition of sustained outstanding achievements in Engineering Science".  This award was established in 1976.  The actual award consists of a medal and an honorarium.
<William_Thomas_Beckford>	William Thomas Beckford (29 September 1760 – 2 May 1844) was an English novelist, art collector, patron of decorative art, critic, travel writer, plantation owner and for some time politician. He was reputed at one stage to be England's richest commoner. The son of William Beckford and Maria Hamilton, daughter of the Hon. George Hamilton, he served as a Member of Parliament for Wells in 1784–1790 and Hindon in 1790–1795 and 1806–1820. Beckford is remembered for a Gothic novel Vathek (1786), for building the lost Fonthill Abbey in Wiltshire and Lansdown Tower ("Beckford's Tower") in Bath, and for his art collection.
<Robert_Stephen_John_Sparks>	Sir Robert Stephen John Sparks, CBE, FRS (born 15 May 1949), is Chaning Wills Professor of Geology in the Department of Earth Sciences at the University of Bristol. He is one of the world's leading volcanologists and has been widely recognised for his work in this field.Steve Sparks is a graduate of Imperial College, where he first completed a B.Sc. (1971), and then a PhD (1974) under the supervision of George P. L. Walker. He was subsequently a Research Fellow at Lancaster University (1976–1978), a NATO postdoctoral fellow at the Graduate school of oceanography, University of Rhode Island, USA (1976–1978), and then lecturer at University of Cambridge Department of Earth Sciences (1978–1989), where he was also a Fellow of Trinity Hall, Cambridge. He took up the Chaning Wills Chair of Geology at the University of Bristol in 1989. Steve has held a number of distinguished visiting positions at other universities, including a period as Sherman Fairchild Distinguished Scholar at California Institute of Technology in 1987, and as an Edward Bass Scholar at Yale University (2006–2007).
<Yoo_Jun-sang>	Yoo Jun-sang (born November 28, 1969) is a South Korean actor and singer. Yoo is best known for starring in the Hong Sang-soo films Ha Ha Ha (2010), The Day He Arrives (2011), and In Another Country (2012). He was also praised for his supporting roles in Wide Awake (2007) and Moss (2010), and gained newfound popularity in 2012 because of the TV drama My Husband Got a Family. Aside from film and television, Yoo is also active in musical theatre, notably in The Three Musketeers, Jack the Ripper and The Days.Yoo Jun-sang graduated from Dongguk University with a bachelor's degree in Theater and Film and a master's degree in Theater Arts. Having kicked off his career in 1995 through SBS's open auditions, Yoo built a stable acting career through films and TV series. He also stars in stage musicals, notably Claws of Angel, The Three Musketeers, Jack the Ripper, Rebecca, Kim Kwang-seok jukebox musical The Days, and Frankenstein. Additionally, Yoo has been a full-time faculty member at the Korea Arts Institute since 2010.
<Real_Madrid_C>	Real Madrid Club de Fútbol C, commonly known as Real Madrid C, was a Spanish association football team that played in the Tercera División – Group 7. It was Real Madrid's second reserve team. They played their home games at La Ciudad del Real Madrid in Valdebebas outside the city of Madrid. At the end of the 2014–15 Tercera División, Real Madrid C was disbanded.Real Madrid Aficionados was the amateur team for Real Madrid. In the 1960s, the team won eight Campeonato de Aficionados (national amateur cup) in an 11-year period, including six in succession. The last of their amateur championships qualified the team for the 1970–71 Copa del Generalísimo; they lost in the second round which was one further than their 'big brothers' at Plus Ultra achieved. The Aficionados' last Spanish Cup appearance was in the 1986–87 edition of the Copa del Rey. While Castilla lost in the first round, the amateurs lasted until the round of 16 where they were defeated 1–4 on aggregate by a senior Atlético Madrid side.
<Rangers_F.C.>	Rangers Football Club is a Scottish professional football club based in the Govan district of Glasgow which plays in the Scottish Premiership. Although not its official name, it is often referred to as Glasgow Rangers outside Scotland. The fourth-oldest football club in Scotland, Rangers was founded by four teenage boys as they walked through West End Park (now Kelvingrove Park) in March 1872 where they discussed the idea of forming a football club, and played its first match against the now defunct Callander at the Fleshers' Haugh area of Glasgow Green in May of the same year. Rangers' home ground, Ibrox Stadium, designed by stadium architect Archibald Leitch and opened in 1929, is a Category B listed building and the third-largest football stadium in Scotland. The club has always played in royal blue shirts.Rangers is the most successful club in Scottish football. The club has won the Scottish League title a record 55 times, the Scottish Cup 34 times, the Scottish League Cup a record 27 times and the domestic treble on seven occasions, a joint world record shared with rivals Celtic. Rangers won the European Cup Winners' Cup in 1972 after being losing finalists twice, in 1961 (the first British club to reach a UEFA tournament final) and 1967. The club has lost a further two European finals; they reached the UEFA Cup Final in 2008 and a fourth runners-up finish in European competition came in the UEFA Europa League Final in 2022.
<CKCY_(AM)>	CKCY was a Canadian radio station, which signed on May 25, 1955 and broadcast until August 30, 1992 in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario.The station was originally launched by Algonquin Radio, a local business consortium led by Carmen Greco, with a 250 watt signal at 1400 on the AM dial. In 1961, the station moved to 920 AM, and increased its signal to 10,000 watts daytime and 5,000 watts nighttime. Well known program announcers in the early and mid 1960s included morning man, Dave Carter, Art Christmas, country music specialist Bill Haight, Johnny Meadows (who for a period of time was also the program director of the station) and host of the evening rock show, Barry Sarazin. News announcers included Karl Sepkowski (news director), Russ Hilderley and on the weekends Norm Fera. In 1964, Algonquin launched CKCY-FM. The station operated on a frequency of 104.3 MHz with an effective radiated power of 6,760 watts. The program director and principal announcer for the FM station was Richard ("Dick") Gasparini. In contrast to the station's 'AM' programming, CKCY-FM focussed on a diet of easy listening music during the day and classical music in the evenings. In the 1960s and 1970s, Harry Wolfe, the play-by-play voice of the Ontario Hockey League's Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds, hosted a daily call-in talk show called Open Mike. By then, CKCY had become the principal Top 40 music station in the Twin Saults.Among the station's alumni is current Hamilton City Councillor Bob Bratina.
<Lester_Maddox>	Lester Garfield Maddox Sr. (September 30, 1915 – June 25, 2003) was an American politician who served as the 75th governor of the U.S. state of Georgia from 1967 to 1971. A populist Democrat, Maddox came to prominence as a staunch segregationist when he refused to serve black customers in his Atlanta restaurant, the Pickrick, in violation of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. He later served as Georgia lieutenant governor under Jimmy Carter.Maddox was born in Atlanta, Georgia, the second of nine children born to Dean Garfield Maddox, a steelworker, and his wife, the former Flonnie Castleberry. Maddox left school shortly before graduation to help support the family by taking odd jobs, including real estate and grocery. He received his high school diploma through correspondence courses. During World War II, Maddox worked at the Bell Aircraft factory in Marietta, Georgia producing the B-29 Superfortress bomber.In 1944, Maddox, along with his wife Hattie Virginia (née Cox, 1918–1997), used $400 in savings to open a combination grocery store-and-restaurant called Lester's Grill. Building on that success, the couple then bought property on Hemphill Avenue near the Georgia Institute of Technology (Georgia Tech) campus to open up the Pickrick Restaurant.
<Gottfried_Wilhelm_Leibniz_Prize>	The Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Prize (German: Förderpreis für deutsche Wissenschaftler im Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz-Programm der Deutschen Forschungsgemeinschaft), in short Leibniz Prize, is awarded by the German Research Foundation to "exceptional scientists and academics for their outstanding achievements in the field of research". Since 1986, up to ten prizes are awarded annually to individuals or research groups working at a research institution in Germany or at a German research institution abroad. It is considered the most important research award in Germany.The prize is named after the German polymath and philosopher Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz (1646–1716). It is one of the highest endowed research prizes in Germany with a maximum of €2.5 million per award.
<Choi_Won-young>	Choi Won-young (Korean: 최원영; born Choi Seong-wook on January 10, 1976) is a South Korean actor.Choi Won-young made his acting debut in 2002's Sex Is Zero, and has since appeared in both film and television. But his most notable roles have been in the TV dramas While You Were Sleeping, A Hundred Year Legacy, Sky Castle, Doctor Prisoner, Hwarang: The Beginning, Mad Dog as well as the low-budget crime thriller Your Time Is Up, which premiered at the 2012 Busan International Film Festival.
<Brazilian_Socialist_Party>	The Brazilian Socialist Party (Brazilian Portuguese: Partido Socialista Brasileiro, PSB) is a political party in Brazil. It was founded in 1947, before being abolished by the military regime in 1965 and re-organised in 1989 after the re-democratisation of Brazil. It elected six Governors in 2010, becoming the second largest party in number of state governments, behind only PSDB. In addition to that, it won 34 seats in the Chamber of Deputies and three seats in the Senate, besides having been a member of the For Brazil to Keep on Changing coalition, which elected Dilma Rousseff as President of Brazil.In 2014, the party went into opposition, advocating greater economic stability, low inflation, high economic growth, sustainable development, and social welfare programs.
<Nick_Jr._(CIS)>	Nick Jr.  (Russian: Ник Джуниор, romanized: Nik Džunior) was a children's cable/satellite television channel which launched in November 2011.In November, 2011 MTV Networks Europe launched Nick Jr. in Russia & The CIS countries, Before its launch as a full-time channel Nick Jr. had a block on Nickelodeon. The channel broadcast on the pan-European feed of Nick Jr., so no Russian-language text appeared on channel promos, info or bumpers.
<Robert_Best_(politician)>	Sir Robert Wallace Best, KCMG (18 June 1856 – 27 March 1946) was an Australian lawyer and politician who served in both the Senate and the House of Representatives. He was a Senator for Victoria from 1901 to 1910, and then represented the Division of Kooyong in the House of Representatives from 1910 to 1922. Best served in cabinet in the second and third governments of Alfred Deakin. Before entering federal politics, he also served in the Victorian Legislative Assembly from 1889 to 1901, where he was a government minister.Born in the Melbourne suburb of Collingwood to (Northern) Irish immigrants, and raised in Kyneton, Best was educated at Templeton's School, Fitzroy.  He left school at 13 and became a clerk in a printing office and then worked for a solicitor where he took articles and matriculated in 1875.  He studied law at the University of Melbourne and was admitted as a solicitor in 1881.  He married Jane Langridge the same year.  He was elected as an alderman on Fitzroy City Council almost continuously from 1883 to 1897 and served as mayor in 1888 and 1889.
<K._S._L._Swamy>	Kikkeri Shamanna Lakshminarasimha Swamy (21 February 1939 – 20 October 2015), popularly known as K. S. L. Swamy / Lalitha Ravee / Ravee, was an Indian film director, producer, actor and playback singer. He entered cinema at an early age as an assistant to popular directors of the time such as G. V. Iyer and M. R. Vittal. He debuted as an independent film director with the 1966 film, Thoogudeepa. His other films such as Gandhinagara (1968) and Bhagya Jyothi (1975) and Malaya Marutha (1986) proved successful. His 1989 film Jamboo Savari won the National Film Award for Best Children's Film at the 37th National Film Awards.Swamy was a close associate of director Puttanna Kanagal, and completed two of his films – Masanada Hoovu (1984) and the long delayed Saavira Mettilu that released in 2006, following the latter's death, which also turned out be his own last directorial venture. Recognizing his contribution to cinema, Swamy was awarded the Dr. B. Saroja Devi National Award in 2013. He was married to actress B. V. Radha.
<Paavo_Nurmi>	Paavo Johannes Nurmi (Finnish pronunciation: [ˈpɑːʋo ˈnurmi] (listen); 13 June 1897 – 2 October 1973) was a Finnish middle-distance and long-distance runner. He was called the "Flying Finn" or the "Phantom Finn", as he dominated distance running in the 1920s. Nurmi set 22 official world records at distances between 1500 metres and 20 kilometres, and won nine gold and three silver medals in his 12 events in the Summer Olympic Games. At his peak, Nurmi was undefeated for 121 races at distances from 800 m upwards. Throughout his 14-year career, he remained unbeaten in cross country events and the 10,000 metres.Born into a working-class family, Nurmi left school at the age of 12 to provide for his family. In 1912, he was inspired by the Olympic feats of Hannes Kolehmainen and began developing a strict training program. Nurmi started to flourish during his military service, setting Finnish records in athletics en route to his international debut at the 1920 Summer Olympics. After winning a silver medal in the 5000 m, he won gold in the 10,000 m and the cross country events. In 1923, Nurmi became the first runner to hold simultaneous world records in the mile, the 5000 m and the 10,000 m races, a feat which has never been repeated. He set new world records for the 1500 m and the 5000 m with just an hour between the races, and took gold medals in both distances in less than two hours at the 1924 Summer Olympics. Seemingly unaffected by the Paris heat wave, Nurmi won all his races and returned home with five gold medals, although he was frustrated that Finnish officials had refused to enter him for the 10,000 m.
<Roy_Jenkins>	Roy Harris Jenkins, Baron Jenkins of Hillhead, OM, PC (11 November 1920 – 5 January 2003) was a British politician who served as President of the European Commission from 1977 to 1981. At various times a Member of Parliament (MP) for the Labour Party, Social Democratic Party (SDP) and the Liberal Democrats, he was Chancellor of the Exchequer and Home Secretary under the Wilson and Callaghan Governments.The son of Arthur Jenkins, a coal-miner and Labour MP, Jenkins was educated at the University of Oxford and served as an intelligence officer during the Second World War. Initially elected as MP for Southwark Central in 1948, he moved to become MP for Birmingham Stechford in 1950. On the election of Harold Wilson after the 1964 election, Jenkins was appointed Minister of Aviation. A year later, he was promoted to the Cabinet to become Home Secretary. In this role, Jenkins embarked on a major reform programme; he sought to build what he described as "a civilised society", overseeing measures such as the effective abolition in Britain of both capital punishment and theatre censorship, the partial decriminalisation of homosexuality, relaxing of divorce law, suspension of birching and the liberalisation of abortion law.
<Jon_Cryer>	Jonathan Niven Cryer (born April 16, 1965) is an American actor, writer, director and producer. Born into a show business family, he made his motion picture debut as a teenage photographer in the 1984 romantic comedy No Small Affair; his breakout role came in 1986, in the John Hughes-written film Pretty in Pink. In 1998, he wrote and produced the independent film Went to Coney Island on a Mission from God... Be Back by Five.Although he gained fame with his early film roles, it took several years to find success on television as none of his star vehicles, including The Famous Teddy Z, Partners, and The Trouble with Normal, lasted more than 22 episodes. In 2003, he was cast in a co-leading role as Alan Harper on the CBS sitcom Two and a Half Men, a major hit for twelve seasons for which he won two Primetime Emmy Awards (in 2009 and 2012). He received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for Television in 2011.
<Nick_Saban>	Nicholas Lou Saban Jr. (/seɪbən/; born October 31, 1951) is an American football coach who has been the  head football coach at the University of Alabama since 2007. Saban previously served as head coach of the National Football League's Miami Dolphins and at three other universities: Louisiana State University (LSU), Michigan State University, and the University of Toledo. Saban is considered by many to be the greatest coach in college football history.
<Lucille_La_Verne>	Lucille La Verne (November 7, 1872 – March 4, 1945) was an American actress known for her appearances in early sound films, as well as for her triumphs on the American stage. She is most widely remembered as the voices of the Old Witch in the 1932 Silly Symphony short, Babes in the Woods, and the first Disney villain, the Evil Queen, Snow White's wicked stepmother from Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937), Walt Disney's first full-length animated feature film as well as her final film role.[citation needed]La Verne was born near Nashville, Tennessee, on November 7, 1872. She began her career as a child in local summer stock. As a teenager, she performed in small touring theater troupes. When she was 14, she played both Juliet and Lady Macbeth back to back. Her ability to play almost any part quickly caught the attention of more prolific companies, and she made her Broadway debut in 1888. She then became a leading lady with some of the best stock companies in America, scoring triumphs in San Francisco, Boston, and other cities. She eventually ran her own successful stock company.On the New York stage, she was known for her range and versatility. Among her hits on Broadway were principal roles in Uncle Tom's Cabin, Seven Days and Way Down East. She was also known for her blackface roles. Her biggest stage triumph came in 1923 when she created the role of Widow Caggle in the hit play Sun Up. With her Broadway run, US tour, and European tour, La Verne gave over 3,000 performances. She also worked on Broadway as a playwright and director. In the late 1920s, a Broadway theater was named for her for a short period of time.
<The_34-Ton_Bat>	The 34-Ton Bat: The Story of Baseball As Told Through Bobbleheads, Cracker Jacks, Jockstraps, Eye Black, and 375 Other Strange and Unforgettable Objects is a 2013 baseball book written by Steve Rushin. Rushin is an American journalist, novelist, and sportswriter for Sports Illustrated magazine.  Rushin was named the 2005 National Sportswriter of the Year by the National Sportscasters and Sportswriters Association, and is a four-time finalist for the National Magazine Award.Chapter 1. The Baseball Grenade.  Rushin discusses the link between the military and baseball and describes how the military endeavored to design a hand grenade shaped like a baseball which they believed would give American soldiers a natural advantage over the enemy because of the soldier's prowess in throwing balls. In this chapter he also discusses various stunts performed in the 20th century such as catching baseball dropped from planes.Chapter 2. Stairway to Heaven.  Focused on baseball bats, Chapter 2 follows the history of bats and bat manufacturers from the game's earliest days to the development of the aluminum bat.  The relationship between players and their bats is highlighted and the book includes several photos of players kissing their bats.
<Foxboro_Stadium>	Foxboro Stadium, originally Schaefer Stadium and later Sullivan Stadium, was an outdoor stadium in the New England region of the United States, located in Foxborough, Massachusetts. It opened in 1971 and served as the home of the New England Patriots of the National Football League (NFL) for 31 seasons (through January 2002) and also as the home venue for the New England Revolution of Major League Soccer (MLS) from 1996 to 2002. The stadium was the site of several games in both the 1994 FIFA World Cup and the 1999 FIFA Women's World Cup. Foxboro Stadium was demolished in 2002 and replaced by Gillette Stadium and the Patriot Place shopping center.The stadium opened in August 1971 as Schaefer Stadium, primarily as the home venue for the renamed New England Patriots of the National Football League. The team was known as the Boston Patriots for its first eleven seasons 1960–70, and had played in various stadiums in the Boston area. For six seasons, 1963–68, the Patriots played in Fenway Park, home of baseball's Boston Red Sox. Like most baseball stadiums, Fenway was poorly suited as a football venue. Its seating capacity was inadequate—only about 40,000 for football—and many seats had obstructed views. With the completion of the AFL–NFL merger in 1970, the league required its teams to play in stadiums which seated more than 50,000, and no venue in Boston proper could accommodate a crowd this size with NFL amenities. Indeed, before the Patriots arrived, numerous previous attempts at pro football in Boston had been stymied by the lack of a pro-caliber stadium. (The Redskins left after the 1936 season, in which they hosted the NFL Championship Game, not in Boston but at the Polo Grounds in New York City.)
<Inter-American_Tropical_Tuna_Commission>	The Inter-American Tropical Tuna Commission (abbreviated IATTC) (Sp.: Comisión Interamericana del Atún Tropical) is a tuna regional fishery management organisation responsible for the conservation and management of tuna and other marine resources in the eastern Pacific Ocean.The Inter-American Tropical Tuna Commission was created by the Convention for the Establishment of an Inter-American Tropical Tuna Commission, signed between the United States and Costa Rica on May 31, 1949.  The Convention was signed by United States Secretary of State Dean Acheson and Costa Rica's Ambassador to the United States, Mario Echandi Jiménez. A number of additional countries later joined the Inter-American Tropical Tuna Commission.  Each country is represented by up to four Commissioners.In 2003, the members of the Inter-American Tropical Tuna Commission signed the Antigua Convention, strengthening the Commission's powers.  Most members of the Commission ratified the Antigua Convention between 2004 and 2009, but as of 2011, the U.S. had not ratified the Antigua Convention.
<Arthur_Hailey>	Arthur Frederick Hailey, AE (5 April 1920 – 24 November 2004) was a British-Canadian novelist whose plot-driven storylines were set against the backdrops of various industries. His books, which include such best sellers as Hotel (1965), Airport (1968), Wheels (1971), The Moneychangers (1975), and Overload (1979), have sold 170 million copies in 38 languages.Arthur Frederick Hailey was born on 5 April 1920, in Luton, Bedfordshire, England, the only child of George Wellington Hailey, a factory worker, and Elsie Wright Hailey. An avid reader, Hailey began to write poems, plays and stories at a young age. He once said, "My mother left me off chores so I could write." Elsie encouraged her son to learn typing and shorthand so that he might become a clerk instead of a factory worker.
<Éamon_Zayed>	Éamon Zayed (Arabic: أیمن زايد; born 4 October 1983) is an Irish former professional footballer who played as a forward. He is currently the head coach of Northern Colorado Hailstorm FC in USL League One.Zayed gained international fame on 2 February 2012 after scoring a hat-trick in the final ten minutes of the Tehran derby against Esteghlal in a match where Persepolis were one man down and losing 2–0 until the 82nd minute, and which was later referred to as "10 minutes with 10 men" or "10-10-3".
<Walter_Landor>	Walter Joseph Landor (born Walter Landauer, July 9, 1913 – June 9, 1995) was a brand designer and the founder of Landor. He was an acclaimed designer and a pioneer of branding and consumer research techniques widely used to this day. Landor, the company he founded in 1941, has offices around the world."Products are made in the factory, but brands are created in the mind," Walter Landor memorably stated. He had a particular gift for creating designs with broad popular appeal, such as the Coca-Cola script. Brands as diverse as General Electric, Japan Airlines, Levi Strauss, and Shell Oil all benefited from his vision and commitment.
<Astral_Media>	Astral Media Inc. was a Canadian media conglomerate. It was Canada's largest radio broadcaster, with 84 radio stations in eight provinces. Astral was also a major player in premium and specialty television in Canada, with 23 specialty channels and two conventional stations. In addition, Astral had a presence in out-of-home advertising.In March 2012, Bell Media announced its intent to acquire Astral for $3.38 billion. Although an attempt to purchase the entirety of the company was blocked under competition law, the CRTC approved a revised offer on June 27, 2013, which saw various Astral specialty channels and radio stations divested to competitors. The sale was consummated on July 5, 2013. Astral was dissolved later the same year as a result of Bell Media completing its acquisition of the company. Bell Media assumed some of Astral's television functions and absorbed some of its premium television services.Astral Media's roots lie with Angreen Photo, a Canadian company founded in 1961. It was created when Montreal's Greenberg brothers, led by Harold Greenberg, founded it to operate the photography concession in Miracle Mart, a department store chain. Its acquisition in 1963 of Bellevue Pathé led to photography rights at the Montreal Expo 67 World's Fair, and it eventually grew into a 125-store chain, Astral Photo, the remnants of which are now owned by the Black's Photography chain. The company grew quickly into motion picture processing after acquiring the Pathé-Humphries motion picture lab in 1968 and Associated Screen News Industries of Montreal in 1969.
<Troian_Bellisario>	Troian Avery Bellisario (born October 28, 1985) is an American actress. A graduate of the University of Southern California, in 2010, she received her breakthrough role as Spencer Hastings in the Freeform drama series Pretty Little Liars (2010–2017), for which she received worldwide recognition and multiple awards and nominations.Bellisario was born and raised in Los Angeles. Her parents are producers Deborah Pratt and Donald P. Bellisario, her father having created Magnum, P.I., Quantum Leap, and NCIS, among other TV series. She has a younger brother, three half-sisters, two half-brothers, and two stepbrothers, actor Sean Murray and producer Chad W. Murray. Her father is of Italian and Serbian descent, and her mother is of African American and Creole descent.
<Chaya_Singh>	Chaya Singh is an Indian actress who predominantly works in Tamil and Kannada films and television shows. She started her acting career in Kannada films and has worked in Tamil, Malayalam, Telugu, Bengali and Bhojpuri films. She has a reputation of being very selective in her roles.Singh belongs to a Rajput family. She grew up in Bangalore. She did her schooling at Lourdes School, Bangalore and studied for until twelfth there.
<Shōhei_Ōoka>	Shōhei Ōoka (大岡 昇平, Ōoka Shōhei, 6 March 1909 – 25 December 1988) was a Japanese novelist, literary critic, and lecturer and translator of French literature who was active during the Shōwa period of Japan. Ōoka belongs to the group of postwar writers whose World War II experiences at home and abroad figure prominently in their works. Over his lifetime, he contributed short stories and critical essays to almost every literary magazine in Japan.Ōoka was born in Magome Ward of Tokyo (now part of Shinjuku, Tokyo) to parents from Wakayama prefecture. His father was a stockbroker and his mother was a geisha. Raised to study literature from early childhood, he mastered French while in high school. His parents also hired the famed literary critic Kobayashi Hideo to be his tutor. Under Kobayashi's instruction, he made the acquaintance of poet Nakahara Chūya, the critic Kawakami Tetsutaro [ja], and others who would become well known literary figures. He entered Kyoto Imperial University School of Literature in April 1929, graduating in March 1932.After graduation, he became a journalist with the Kokumin Shimbun [ja], a pro-government newspaper, but quit after one year to devote himself to the study and translation of the works of Stendhal and other European writers into Japanese. In 1938, to support himself, he found a job as a translator with Air Liquide (Teikoku Sansō), a Franco-Japanese industrial company based in Kobe. In June 1943, he left their employ, and in November of the same year obtained a position at Kawasaki Heavy Industries.
<Henrik_Ojamaa>	Henrik Ojamaa (born 20 May 1991) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays as a forward for FC Flora and the Estonia national team.In 2012, Ojamaa was named the Estonian Young Footballer of the Year.Ojamaa began playing football with the Flora youth academy. He made his senior league debut for the club's reserve side Flora II in the Esiliiga on 4 April 2007.
<Ukraine_national_under-21_football_team>	The Ukraine national under-21 football team is also known as Youth [football] team of Ukraine (Ukrainian: Молодіжна збірна України) is one of junior national football teams of Ukraine for participation in under-21 international competitions. The team is managed by the Ukrainian Association of Football staff, committee of national teams. The team participates in qualifications to the Olympic competitions and the continental (UEFA) U-21 competitions.Their first game the team played was on October 28, 1992. Its first competition the team entered in 1994 the qualification round for the 1996 European Under-21 Championship. The team has qualified for a tournament twice. The under-21s not only qualified for the 2006 European Under-21 Championship, but also reached the final, where they lost to Netherlands on 4 June 2006 by 3–0. The under-21s also qualified to the 2011 UEFA European Under-21 Championship that was held in Denmark.Its first game under national flag the team played on 28 October 1992 by hosting Belarus national under-21 football team in a friendly game in Ternopil (Ternopil City Stadium). The game ended in scoreless tie and was attended by 4,000 people. The initial squad consisted of following players Sergei Aleksandrov, Dmytro Parfenov, Serhiy Fedorov, Oleksandr Koval, Vladyslav Vashchuk, Vitaliy Kosovskyi, Ihor Luchkevych, Serhiy Onopko, Vladimir Lebed, Hennadiy Moroz, Vitaliy Pushkutsa, Kostyantyn Pinchuk, Oleg Solovyov, Ruslan Romanchuk, Oleksandr Karabuta. Later two out of the squad Lebed and Aleksandrov continued to play for Russian national teams.
<Federico_Fellini>	Federico Fellini Cavaliere di Gran Croce OMRI (Italian: [fedeˈriːko felˈliːni]; 20 January 1920 – 31 October 1993) was an Italian film director and screenwriter known for his distinctive style, which blends fantasy and baroque images with earthiness. He is recognized as one of the greatest and most influential filmmakers of all time. His films have ranked highly in critical polls such as that of Cahiers du Cinéma and Sight & Sound, which lists his 1963 film 8+1⁄2 as the 10th-greatest film.Fellini's best-known films include La Strada (1954), Nights of Cabiria (1957), La Dolce Vita (1960), 8½ (1963), Juliet of the Spirits (1965), the "Toby Dammit" segment of Spirits of the Dead (1968), Fellini Satyricon (1969), Roma (1972), Amarcord (1973), and Fellini's Casanova (1976).
<Gordon_Bess>	Gordon C. Bess (January 12, 1929 – November 24, 1989) was an American cartoonist, best known for the comic strip Redeye.Born in Richfield, Utah, Bess grew up attending schools in Nevada, Oregon and Utah, finishing high school in Hailey, Idaho. In 1947, he enlisted in the Marines and was sent to boot camp in San Diego. He created illustrations, posters and charts for the Corps Training Aids Section in San Diego.After a year of service in Korea, clearing minefields, he arrived back in San Francisco on the day the war ended. In 1954, he was sent to Washington, D.C., where he became a staff cartoonist and the cartoon editor for Leatherneck Magazine, where Joanne Vaught was an administrative assistant. The two married in 1955, living in Arlington, Virginia. Continuing with Leatherneck until 1956, he left the Corps with the rank of Staff Sergeant. In 1957, he moved to New Jersey. After a year as a commercial artist in Philadelphia, he took a job as the art director for a greeting card company in Cincinnati, Ohio. In his spare time, he freelanced cartoons to magazines.
<Frances_Howard_(actress)>	Frances Howard Goldwyn (née McLaughlin; June 4, 1903 – July 2, 1976) was an American actress. She was the second wife of producer Samuel Goldwyn, and the paternal grandmother of actors Tony and John Goldwyn.Frances Howard McLaughlin was born in Kansas City, Kansas, or Omaha, Nebraska, in 1903 to Helen Victoria (née Howard) and Charles Douglas McLaughlin. She was raised as a Catholic. Her mother, nicknamed "Bonnie", had been raised a Quaker but converted to Catholicism, predeceasing her daughter by only five years. Her father was reportedly a grandson of Irish nationalist politician Daniel O'Connell. Howard had two sisters and a brother.
<Girona_FC>	Girona Futbol Club, S.A.D. is a professional football club based in Girona, Catalonia, Spain. Founded on 23 July 1930, it plays in La Liga, to which they gained promotion in the 2022 Segunda División play-offs.Girona holds its home matches at the 11,810-capacity Estadi Montilivi. The club also has youth and amateur women's teams for competition.
<Zdeněk_Fierlinger>	Zdeněk Fierlinger (11 July 1891 – 2 May 1976) was a Czechoslovak diplomat and politician. He served as the prime minister of Czechoslovakia from 1944 to 1946, first in the London-based exiled government and later in liberated Czechoslovakia. His name is often associated with the merger of his Social Democratic Party with the Czechoslovak Communist Party after the communist coup in 1948. He was the uncle of Paul Fierlinger, the famous animator for numerous PBS cartoons.Zdeněk Fierlinger came from a lower middle-class Czech family in the Austrian city of Olmütz (modern Olomouc, Czech Republic). Fierlinger's father worked as a teacher of French and English in the local high school. Fierlinger was described as a mediocre student, but one who was excellent with languages. He graduated from business school in 1910 in Olmütz and then worked as a sales representative in Russia, serving as a sales agent for the MacCormick International Harvester Company of Chicago in Rostov-on-Don. Fierlinger was one of the 70, 000 or so Czechs living in Imperial Russia in 1914. Fierlinger had no loyalty to the Austrian empire, and like many of the other Czechs living in Russia chose not to return to the Austrian Empire upon the outbreak of the First World War in August 1914, instead staying in Russia. Fierlinger together with several Czechs living in Rostov-on-Don organised themselves into the Česká družina ("Czech Companions") that joined the Imperial Russian Army to fight in Galicia against the Austrians. Like many other Czechs of his generation, Fierlinger was a Russophile who saw Russia as the great Slavic power that would liberate the other Slavic peoples such as the Czechs from Austrian rule.
<Bebe_Daniels>	Phyllis Virginia "Bebe" Daniels (January 14, 1901[citation needed] – March 16, 1971) was an American actress, singer, dancer, writer, and producer.She began her career in Hollywood during the silent film era as a child actress, became a star in musicals such as Rio Rita, and later gained further fame on radio and television in Britain. Over the course of her 50-year career, Daniels appeared in 230 films.
<Kerem_Demirbay>	Kerem Demirbay (born 3 July 1993) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Bundesliga club Bayer Leverkusen. A former youth international for Turkey, Demirbay switched to represent Germany.Demirbay was born in Herten, North Rhine-Westphalia. He began playing club football with FC Schalke 04 in 1999. After several years with the club, he continued his training with Borussia Dortmund and SG Wattenscheid 09.[citation needed]
<Randy_Savage>	Randall Mario Poffo (November 15, 1952 – May 20, 2011), better known by his ring name "Macho Man" Randy Savage, was an American professional wrestler best known for his time in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) and World Championship Wrestling (WCW).Savage was described by ESPN's Bill Simmons as "one of the greatest pro wrestlers who ever lived"—a statement echoed by multiple industry performers. He was recognizable by wrestling fans for his distinctively flamboyant ring attire, intensity exhibited in and out of the ring, use of the finale from "Pomp and Circumstance March no. 1" by Elgar as his entrance music, and signature catchphrase, "Oooh yeah!" For most of his tenures in the WWF and WCW, Savage was managed by his real-life wife, Miss Elizabeth Hulette.
<Choy_Kan-pui>	Choy Kan-pui, BBS, JP (born 1929) is a former Hong Kong legislator and Sha Tin villager. He ran in the 1982 Hong Kong district boards election representing the Tin Sum village in Sha Tin where he rooted and continued his office until 2003. He was also the chairman of the Sha Tin District Council.He was a member of the Hong Kong Affairs Society, a pro-democratic political group in the 1980s, later turned into the first major pro-democratic party United Democrats of Hong Kong (UDHK). Choy was the founding member of the UDHK but soon later he and Lau Kong-wah quit the party and form a local community organisation Civil Force. He was elected as member of the Legislative Council in Election Committee in the 1995 Legislative Council election in which the electorates were composed of district councillors. He later joined the pro-Beijing pro-business Hong Kong Progressive Alliance (HKPA) and reelected to the Provisional Legislative Council in 1996. In the 2000 Legislative Council election, HKPA supported Choy Kan-pui and Tang Siu-tong to participate in the New Territories East and New Territories West constituencies respectively but Choy failed to go back to the LegCo.He is currently the member of the Heung Yee Kuk.
<Angelino_Alfano>	Angelino Alfano (Italian pronunciation: [andʒeˈliːno alˈfaːno]; born 31 October 1970) is an Italian former politician who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 12 December 2016 to 1 June 2018.Alfano was Minister of the Interior from 28 April 2013 to 12 December 2016, serving in the governments of Matteo Renzi and Enrico Letta; from 2013 to 2014 he held the office of Deputy Prime Minister of Italy, as part of the Letta Cabinet, and previously served as Minister of Justice from 2008 to 2011 as part of the Berlusconi IV Cabinet. He was the first and only secretary of the centre-right party The People of Freedom (PdL) from 2011 to 2013. In November 2013 he became Leader of the New Centre-Right party which is a split from the PdL, until March 2017 when NCD was dissolved and Popular Alternative was founded.
<Marylebone>	Marylebone (usually /ˈmɑːrlɪbən/, also /ˈmærɪləbən/, /ˈmærɪbən/) is a district in the West End of London, in the City of Westminster. Oxford Street, Europe's busiest shopping street, forms its southern boundary.An ancient parish and latterly a metropolitan borough, it merged with the boroughs of Westminster and Paddington to form the new City of Westminster in 1965.
<A_Boy_Named_Sue>	"A Boy Named Sue" is a song written by humorist, children's author, and poet Shel Silverstein and made popular by Johnny Cash. Cash recorded the song live in concert on February 24, 1969, at California's San Quentin State Prison for his At San Quentin album. Cash also performed the song (with comical variations on the original performance) in December 1969 at Madison Square Garden. The live San Quentin version of the song became Cash's biggest hit on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and his only top ten single there, spending three weeks at No. 2 in 1969, held out of the top spot by "Honky Tonk Women" by The Rolling Stones. The track also topped the Billboard Hot Country Songs and Easy Listening charts that same year and was certified Gold on August 14, 1969, by the RIAA.Silverstein's own recording was released the same year as "Boy Named Sue", a single on the album Boy Named Sue (and His Other Country Songs), produced by Chet Atkins and Felton Jarvis.The song tells the tale of a young man's quest for revenge on a father who abandoned him at three years of age and whose only contribution to his entire life was giving him a guitar and naming him Sue, commonly a feminine name, which results in the young man suffering from ridicule and harassment by everyone he meets. Ashamed of his name, he becomes a hard-hearted nomad as a young man; he swears that he will find and kill his father for giving him "that awful name".
<Adolphe_Sax>	Antoine-Joseph "Adolphe" Sax (French: [ɑ̃twan ʒozɛf adɔlf saks]; 6 November 1814 –  4 February 1894) was a Belgian inventor and musician who invented the saxophone in the early 1840s, patenting it in 1846. He also invented the saxotromba, saxhorn and saxtuba. He played the flute and clarinet.Antoine-Joseph Sax was born on 6 November 1814 in Dinant, in what is now Belgium, to Charles-Joseph Sax and his wife Marie-Joseph (Masson). While his given name was Antoine-Joseph, he was referred to as Adolphe from childhood. His father and mother were instrument designers themselves, who made several changes to the design of the French horn. Adolphe began to make his own instruments at an early age, entering two of his flutes and a clarinet into a competition at the age of 15. He subsequently studied performance on those two instruments as well as voice at the Royal Conservatory of Brussels.
<Renan_Calheiros>	José Renan Vasconcelos Calheiros (Portuguese pronunciation: [ʁeˈnɐ̃ kaˈʎejɾus]; born 16 September 1955) is a Brazilian politician and former President of the Senate of Brazil. He has represented the state of Alagoas in the senate as a member of the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party since 1 February 1995. Renan's presidency of the Brazilian Senate, a term that started 1 February 2013, was revoked on 5 December 2016 by a minister of the Brazilian Supreme Court, Marco Aurélio Mello, who said that a person under investigation could not be in the line of succession for the presidency. However the Supreme Court decided 7 December 2016 that Renan could remain senate president, without being in the succession.On 25 May 2007, Veja magazine accused Calheiros of accepting funds from a construction industry lobbyist, to pay child support for a child from a previous extramarital affair with broadcast journalist Mônica Veloso. In trying to justify the origin of the funds, subsequent investigations into Calheiros' business dealings led to other revelations of income tax fraud and the use of a proxy to buy a stake in a radio station. Calheiros was subject to a disciplinary inquiry by the senate's ethics committee on four different counts. On 12 September 2007, the senate voted by secret ballot against impeaching Calheiros on the lobbyist funds accusation. He still faces[when?] three separate inquiries on other charges. After the vote public outrage forced congress to eliminate secret ballot voting for ethics violations, meaning Calheiros' three other inquiries, if approved by the ethics committee, will be subject to an open ballot vote in the senate floor.
<Meshach_Taylor>	Meshach Taylor (/ˈmiːʃæk/; April 11, 1947 – June 28, 2014) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as Anthony Bouvier on the CBS sitcom Designing Women (1986–93), for which he was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series. He was also known for his portrayal of Hollywood Montrose, a flamboyant window dresser in the 1987 film Mannequin and its 1991 sequel. He played Sheldon Baylor on the CBS sitcom Dave's World (1993–97), appeared as Tony on the NBC sitcom Buffalo Bill opposite Dabney Coleman, and appeared as the recurring character Alastair Wright, the social studies teacher (and later school principal) on the Nickelodeon sitcom Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide.Taylor was born in Boston, Massachusetts, the son of Hertha Mae (née Ward) and Joseph T. Taylor, former dean of students at Dillard University in New Orleans, who was also the first dean of arts and sciences at Indiana University – Purdue University Indianapolis.After the family moved from New Orleans to Indianapolis, Taylor graduated from Crispus Attucks High School in 1964, where he took an interest in acting, and went on to study in the dramatic arts programs at Wilmington College (Ohio) and Florida A&M University. Leaving Florida A&M a few credits shy of graduation, he worked in Indianapolis as a State House reporter for AM radio station WIFE (now WTLC), where he used the on-air name Bruce Thomas, and as the host of a community-affairs program on television station WLWI (now WTHR), as Bruce Taylor. In May 1993, he received his bachelor's degree in theatre arts from Florida A&M.
<George_Hamilton_(actor)>	George Stevens Hamilton (born August 12, 1939) is an American actor. His notable films include Home from the Hill (1960), By Love Possessed (1961), Light in the Piazza (1962), Your Cheatin' Heart (1964), Once Is Not Enough (1975), Love at First Bite (1979), Zorro, The Gay Blade (1981), The Godfather Part III (1990), Doc Hollywood (1991), 8 Heads in a Duffel Bag (1997), Hollywood Ending (2002) and The Congressman (2016). For his debut performance in Crime and Punishment U.S.A. (1959), Hamilton won a Golden Globe Award and was nominated for a BAFTA Award. He has received one additional BAFTA nomination and two additional Golden Globe nominations.Hamilton began his film career in 1958, and although he has a substantial body of work in film and television, he is perhaps most famous for his debonair style, perpetual suntan, and Ritz Crackers commercials. Bo Derek wrote in her autobiography that "there was an ongoing contest between John [Derek] and George Hamilton as to who was tanner."
<Shigeru_Uehara>	Shigeru Uehara (上原 繁, Uehara Shigeru, born September 5, 1947 in Tokyo) is a Japanese automotive engineer. He was the project leader of the Honda NSX.Shigeru Uehara began his career at Honda R&D Co., Ltd in 1971, and went on to become the company's specialist in vehicle stability and handling performance. In 1985 he was appointed Large Project Leader for the mid-ship research project that led to the NSX project in 1990. Amongst his many contributions to the company, Uehara led Honda’s sports car development projects of three very important projects at Honda R&D, and saw them from conception to ending culminating in the S2000, Honda Integra Type-R (DC2/DC5) and the NSX-R. He is also known for his close friendship with the late Ayrton Senna.Shigeru Uehara completed the S2000 CR as his last project before retirement, as his pride and joy. The color (Apex Blue) is his favorite color, the tires are made with the same tread design as the NSX-R's Potenza's (which he helped design), and the purpose built body kit produces much rear-end down-force at speed. Also, the shocks and springs are stiffer than the standard S2000. Uehara called the S2000 CR his final gift before retirement.
<Balzan_Prize>	The International Balzan Prize Foundation awards four annual monetary prizes to people or organizations who have made outstanding achievements in the fields of humanities, natural sciences, culture, as well as for endeavours for peace and the brotherhood of man.The assets behind the foundation were established by the Italian Eugenio Balzan (it) (1874–1953), a part-owner of Corriere della Sera who had invested his assets in Switzerland and in 1933 had left Italy in protest against fascism. He left a substantial inheritance to his daughter Angela Lina Balzan (1892–1956), who at the time was suffering an incurable disease. Before her death, she left instructions for the foundation and since then it has two headquarters, the Prize administered from Milan, the Fund from Zurich.The first award was in fact one million Swiss francs to the Nobel Foundation in 1961. After 1962, a gap of 16 years followed when prizes recommenced with an award of half a million Swiss francs to Mother Teresa. Award ceremonies alternate between Bern and the Accademia dei Lincei in Rome, and frequently winners have later won a Nobel Prize.
<Judith_Barrett>	Judith Barrett (born Lucille Kelley, February 2, 1909 – March 10, 2000), also known as Nancy Dover, was an American film actress of the late 1920s and through the 1930s, up until 1940.Born and raised in Venus, Texas, Barrett was one of three children of a cattle rancher Sam Kelley.Barrett made several appearances at The Palace Theatre, Dallas while still at school.  She did modeling at a department store for ladies tea/fashion shows.[citation needed]
<Kate_Jackson>	Lucy Kate Jackson (born October 29, 1948) is an American actress and television producer, known for her television roles as Sabrina Duncan in the series Charlie's Angels (1976–1979) and Amanda King in the series Scarecrow and Mrs. King (1983–1987). Her film roles include Making Love (1982) and Loverboy (1989). She is a three-time Emmy Award nominee and four-time Golden Globe Award nominee.Jackson began her career in the late 1960s in summer stock, before landing major television roles in Dark Shadows (1970–71), Bonanza (1972–72), and The Rookies (1972–1976). She also appeared in the film Night of Dark Shadows (1971). The huge success of her role as Sabrina Duncan on Charlie's Angels saw her appear on the front cover of Time magazine, alongside co-stars Farrah Fawcett and Jaclyn Smith, while her role as Mrs. King won her Germany's Bravo Golden Otto Award for Best Female TV Star three times (1986–1988). She then continued to star in numerous TV movies, including Quiet Killer (1992), Empty Cradle (1993) and Satan's School for Girls (2000), a remake of the 1973 TV movie of the same name in which she also starred.
<De_kellner_en_de_levenden>	De kellner en de levenden ("The waiter and the living") is a novel from 1949 by Dutch author Simon Vestdijk containing an allegory of the Last Judgment.The main characters in this "novel of fantasy" are eleven people who live in the same apartment building and the guest of one of them. The twelve are ordinary, middle-class people (including Protestants, Catholics, and atheists) who appear to be arrested, all at one time, by the police, and loaded onto a bus without any explanation. They drive through a mostly deserted town, seeing occasional groups of people following men with banners, while trumpet music sounds. The twelve are led to a railroad station where they get to wait in a waiting room on one of the platforms. They are entertained by a friendly waiter and informed that this is Judgment Day, and that they are held separate from the other travelers (all those who died after the year 1600) because they haven't died yet. The head waiter of the waiting room is a brutal man called Leenders, but he spends much of his time outside, while inside the waiter serves water from a pitcher which turns into wine the moment it is poured into a glass. The youngest of the company, Wim Kwets, who suffers of consumption, is reunited with his dog, which had died two years before. As the twelve discuss whether the events are real or not, whether they believe in God or not, whether they think that they will indeed be judged or not, they also begin to confess and discuss their sins. All the while souls outside are being led to the trains that will take them to the place of judgment; a special train with the Archangel Michael has already passed.One of them, a gay actor called Haack, leaves momentarily and discovers that platform 500 is filled with monsters. He is also confronted with his past—in a reenactment of the gravedigger scene from Hamlet, he is given the skull of a young actress who committed suicide because he led her to believe he loved her. When they are finally forced to leave, the monsters from 500 having been unleashed, they end up attending a grotesque parody of Christ in judgment. Leenders, now turned Satan, offers them a quick death if they will renounce God—if they deny, they are to be tortured for eternity. He explains that his armies have taken command and that everything is now Hell, God having been cast out to some remote corner of the universe. They refuse his offer, "whether from fear or real conviction", and escape. They find themselves outside, in the city, and walk home through a landscape full of signs of the apocalypse, still pondering their sins. Back at the apartment building they meet the waiter again, now clearly a Christ figure, who explains that God and existence are vast but imperfect and that humans need to accept themselves in all their imperfections. As he turns to leave he takes the dog with him, but young Wim, the dog's owner, wants to keep the animal; the waiter confers with Haack and in the end takes the dog as well as the boy with him.
<Wiesbaden>	Wiesbaden (German pronunciation: [ˈviːsˌbaːdn̩] (listen)) is a city in central western Germany and the capital of the state of Hesse. As of June 2020[update], it had 290,955 inhabitants, plus approximately 21,000 United States citizens (mostly associated with the United States Army). The Wiesbaden urban area is home to approximately 560,000 people. Wiesbaden is the second-largest city in Hesse after Frankfurt am Main.The city, together with nearby Frankfurt am Main, Darmstadt, and Mainz, is part of the Frankfurt Rhine Main Region, a metropolitan area with a combined population of about 5.8 million people.
<Duncan_Preston>	Duncan Preston (born 11 August 1946) is an English actor. He is known for his appearances in television productions written by Victoria Wood, including his role in the soap opera parody sketches Acorn Antiques and as Stan in the sitcom dinnerladies (1998–2000). He reprised his role of Clifford in Acorn Antiques: The Musical! in 2005. His other television roles include DS Todd in the soap opera EastEnders (1987), Jonathan Haslam in the sitcom Surgical Spirit (1989–1995); and Doug Potts in the soap opera Emmerdale (2007–2011, 2014–2020).Preston appeared in a short 1981 Public information film entitled Say NO to Strangers, as a kerb-crawling predator attempting to lure a schoolgirl into his car. He has also made many guest appearances in various TV series, including Hunters Walk, Secret Army, The Professionals, All Creatures Great and Small, Robin of Sherwood, Bergerac, The New Statesman, Press Gang, Chalk, Boon, Casualty, Heartbeat, The Royal, Hetty Wainthropp Investigates, Holby City, Peak Practice, Midsomer Murders, Dalziel and Pascoe and My Family. His film career includes roles in Porridge (1979), A Nightingale Sang in Berkeley Square (1979), Scandalous (1984), Milk (1999), Nativity 3: Dude, Where's My Donkey? (2014) and in the horror film Howl (2015).
<Sheffield_Wednesday_F.C.>	Sheffield Wednesday Football Club is a professional association football club based in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England. The team competes in League One, the third tier of the English football league system. Formed in 1867 as an offshoot of The Wednesday Cricket Club (itself formed in 1820), they were known as The Wednesday Football Club until 1929.Wednesday is one of the oldest football clubs in the world of any code, and the second-oldest professional association football club in England. In 1868 its team won the Cromwell Cup, only the second tournament of its kind. They were founding members and inaugural champions of the Football Alliance in 1889, before joining The Football League three years later. In 1992, they became founder members of the Premier League. The team has spent most of its league history in English football's top flight, but they have not played at that level since being relegated in 2000.
<Alex_Campbell_(golfer)>	Alexander Campbell (28 November 1876 – 16 December 1942) was a Scottish professional golfer and golf course architect of the late 19th and early 20th century. In total, Campbell had five top-10 finishes in major championships.Alex/Alec "Nipper" Campbell was born in Scotland on 28 November 1876, the son of Alexander Campbell and Margaret Campbell née Patterson. He had five brothers who also became golf professionals.
<Mitchel_Musso>	Mitchel Tate Musso (born July 9, 1991) is an American actor and singer. He is best known for his three Disney Channel roles as Oliver Oken in Hannah Montana; Jeremy Johnson in the animated series Phineas and Ferb; and his Disney XD role as King Brady on Pair of Kings. He was the host of Disney Channel's PrankStars.He voiced DJ in the computer animated/motion capture film, Monster House, and starred as Raymond Figg in the Disney Channel Original Movie, Life Is Ruff, released in 2005. Musso's self-titled debut album was released on June 2, 2009, on Walt Disney Records. The album debuted at number 19 on the Billboard 200.
<Flushing,_Queens>	Flushing is a neighborhood in the north-central portion of the New York City borough of Queens. The neighborhood is the fourth-largest central business district in New York City. Downtown Flushing is a major commercial and retail area, and the intersection of Main Street and Roosevelt Avenue at its core is the third-busiest in New York City, behind Times Square and Herald Square.Flushing was established as a settlement of New Netherland on October 10, 1645, on the eastern bank of Flushing Creek. It was named Vlissingen, after the Dutch city of Vlissingen. The English took control of New Amsterdam in 1664, and when Queens County was established in 1683, the "Town of Flushing" was one of the original five towns of Queens. In 1898, Flushing was consolidated into the City of New York. Development came in the early 20th century with the construction of bridges and public transportation.  An immigrant population, composed mostly of Chinese and Koreans, settled in Flushing in the late 20th century.
<Paul_R._Ehrlich>	Paul Ralph Ehrlich (born May 29, 1932) is an American biologist known for his warnings about the consequences of population growth and limited resources. He is the Bing Professor Emeritus of Population Studies of the Department of Biology of Stanford University and President of Stanford's Center for Conservation Biology.Ehrlich became well known for the controversial 1968 book The Population Bomb which he co-authored with his wife Anne, in which they famously stated that "[i]n the 1970s hundreds of millions of people will starve to death in spite of any crash programs embarked upon now." Among the solutions suggested in that book was population control, including "various forms of coercion" such as eliminating "tax benefits for having additional children," to be used if voluntary methods were to fail. Ehrlich has been criticized for his opinions; for example, Ronald Bailey termed Ehrlich an "irrepressible doomster". Ehrlich has acknowledged that some of what he predicted has not occurred, but maintains that his predictions about disease and climate change were essentially correct and that human overpopulation is a major problem.
<Raising_Victor_Vargas>	Raising Victor Vargas is a 2002 American comedy-drama film directed by Peter Sollett, written by Sollett and Eva Vives. The film follows Victor, a Lower East Side teenager, as he deals with his eccentric family, including his strict grandmother, his bratty sister, and a younger brother who completely idolizes him. Along the way he tries to win the affections of Judy, who is very careful and calculating when it comes to how she deals with men. In a subplot, Judy's friend Melonie is depicted in her own romantic adventure. The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival.Victor is a teenager growing up in the Lower East Side of New York City. He is a cocky young man who is very sure of himself in his love life. He lives in a small apartment with his strict grandmother, bratty sister Vicki, and his younger brother Nino, who is just coming into his own sexuality and looks up to his girl-crazy brother.At the beginning of the film, Victor is found in the bedroom of Fat Donna, a girl that many in the neighborhood consider unattractive. Word quickly spreads throughout the community amongst his friends, although Victor continuously denies it happened. Seeing this as huge threat to his reputation, he sets his sights on the beautiful girl of the neighborhood, Judy.
<University_of_Hamburg>	The University of Hamburg (German: Universität Hamburg, also referred to as UHH) is a public research university in Hamburg, Germany. It was founded on 28 March 1919 by combining the previous General Lecture System (Allgemeines Vorlesungswesen), the Hamburg Colonial Institute (Hamburgisches Kolonialinstitut), and the Academic College (Akademisches Gymnasium). The main campus is located in the central district of Rotherbaum, with affiliated institutes and research centres distributed around the city-state.The university has been ranked in the top 200 universities worldwide by the Times Higher Education Ranking, the Shanghai Ranking and the CWTS Leiden Ranking, placing it among the top 1% of global universities. Seven Nobel Prize winners and one Wolf Prize winner are affiliated with UHH.
<The_Guard_(2011_film)>	The Guard is a 2011 Irish buddy cop comedy film written and directed by John Michael McDonagh, starring Brendan Gleeson, Don Cheadle, Mark Strong and Liam Cunningham.The film received critical acclaim and was a box office success. Both Gleeson and Cheadle received acclaim for their performances, with Gleeson receiving a  Golden Globe Award nomination. McDonagh was in turn nominated for a BAFTA Award for his writing achievement. It is the most successful independent Irish film of all time in terms of Irish box-office receipts, overtaking The Wind that Shakes the Barley (2006).
<Dexterity_(video_game)>	Dexterity, known as Funny Field (ファニーフィールド) in Japan, is a puzzle game by SNK that was released for the Game Boy in 1990. It is a game that consists of a square floor covered in seven rows and eight columns of tiles (56 tiles in total). The goal of the game is to flip all of the light tiles into dark tiles. There are several enemies as the level advances. The game has a total of 30 rounds.[citation needed]This puzzle video game-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Christophe_Beck>	Jean-Christophe Beck (born November 30, 1972) is a Canadian television and film score composer and conductor. He is a brother of pianist Chilly Gonzales. He is best known for his collaborations with Disney and its subsidiaries, which include composing the soundtracks of The Muppets (2011), Frozen (2013) and its 2019 sequel, the Marvel Cinematic Universe films Ant-Man (2015), Ant-Man and the Wasp (2018), and Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania (2023) as well as its TV miniseries WandaVision (2021) and Hawkeye for Marvel Studios, and Free Guy (2021) for 20th Century Studios, as well as the company’s 100th anniversary logo.He is also noted for winning an Emmy Award in 1998 for his work on the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer, as well as for composing the soundtrack of The Hangover (2009).Beck started piano lessons at five, and by eleven he was learning Bee Gees songs by ear and performing with his first band. Beck attended Crescent School where he studied piano, saxophone, and drums, and wrote many '80s love ballads.
<IEEE_Fellow>	As of 2019, the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) has 5,082 members designated Fellow, each of whom is associated with one of the 41 societies under the IEEE. The Fellow grade of membership is the highest level of membership, and cannot be applied for directly by the member – instead the candidate must be nominated by others. This grade of membership is conferred by the IEEE board of directors in recognition of a high level of demonstrated extraordinary accomplishment.
<Withers_Building>	The Withers Building, also known as the Winthrop Training School or W.T.S., is an historic building complex located at 611 Myrtle Drive on the campus of Winthrop University in Rock Hill, South Carolina. The complex consists of three parts: the old Presbyterian High School, the Main Classroom - Office Building and the new Gymnasium.The old two-story Presbyterian High School was built in 1891 and bought in 1910 by the state for what was then Winthrop College: The South Carolina College for Women to be used as its teacher training school.The three story E-shaped plan Main Classroom - Office Building with a central four-story tower was built in 1912–1913 and designed in the redbrick Gothic Revival style by the noted Atlanta-based architect William Augustus Edwards of the firm of Edwards and Sayward. This is the most architecturally significant part of the complex.
<PeopleSoft>	PeopleSoft, Inc. is a company that provides human resource management systems (HRMS), Financial Management Solutions (FMS), supply chain management (SCM), customer relationship management (CRM), and enterprise performance management (EPM) software, as well as software for manufacturing, and student administration to large corporations, governments, and organizations. It existed as an independent corporation until its acquisition by Oracle Corporation in 2005. The PeopleSoft name and product line are now marketed by Oracle.PeopleSoft Financial Management Solutions (FMS) and Supply Chain Management (SCM) are part of the same package, commonly known as Financials and Supply Chain Management (FSCM).PeopleSoft Campus Solutions (CS) is a separate package developed as a student information system for colleges and universities.
<Ashraf_Sinclair>	Ashraf Daniel Mohamad Sinclair (18 September 1979 – 18 February 2020) was a Malaysian actor known for his role as Eddy in the 2005 film Gol & Gincu.Sinclair began his career in 1997 as the second runner-up of the Hero Remaja men's pageant contest.[citation needed] He later made his acting career debut in the 1998 Petronas commercial Kasut Gombak, along with Vanida Imran. He was also once a host of Box Office Now that was aired on ntv7. Later, he starred in shows such as Gol & Gincu The Series as well as Realiti which aired on 8TV.
<Whitley_Strieber>	Louis Whitley Strieber (/ˈstriːbər/; born June 13, 1945) is an American writer best known for his horror novels The Wolfen and The Hunger and for Communion, a non-fiction account of his alleged experiences with non-human entities. He has maintained a dual career of author of fiction and advocate of paranormal concepts through his best-selling non-fiction books, his Unknown Country web site, and his podcast, Dreamland.Strieber was born in San Antonio, Texas, the son of Kathleen Mary (Drought) and Karl Strieber, a lawyer. He attended Central Catholic  High School in San Antonio, Texas. He was educated at the University of Texas at Austin and the London School of Film Technique, graduating from each in 1968. He then worked for several advertising firms in New York City, rising to the level of vice president before leaving in 1977 to pursue a writing career.[citation needed]Strieber began his career as a novelist with the horror novels The Wolfen (1978) and The Hunger (1981), both of which were made into feature films, followed by the less successful horror novels Black Magic (1982) and The Night Church (1983).
<Tina_Sinatra>	Christina Sinatra (born June 20, 1948) is an American businesswoman, film producer, Hollywood agent, and memoirist.Christina Sinatra was born on June 20, 1948, in Los Angeles, California, the youngest child of American singer and actor Frank Sinatra and his first wife, Nancy Barbato Sinatra. She has two siblings, Nancy and Frank Jr. Her parents divorced when she was three years old.
<British_Aerospace>	British Aerospace plc (BAe) was a British aircraft, munitions and defence-systems manufacturer. Its head office was at Warwick House in the Farnborough Aerospace Centre in Farnborough, Hampshire. Formed in 1977, in 1999 it purchased Marconi Electronic Systems, the defence electronics and naval shipbuilding subsidiary of the General Electric Company plc, to form BAE Systems.The company has its origins in the Aircraft and Shipbuilding Industries Act 1977, which called for the nationalisation and merger of the British Aircraft Corporation, Hawker Siddeley Aviation, Hawker Siddeley Dynamics and Scottish Aviation. On 29 April 1977, the new entity was formed in the United Kingdom as a statutory corporation.
<Janet_Fielding>	Janet Fielding (born Janet Claire Mahoney; 9 September 1953) is an Australian actress who starred in the BBC science fiction television series Doctor Who as companion Tegan Jovanka.Fielding was born in Brisbane. After spending some of her childhood schooldays in America, Fielding studied at the University of Queensland, from which she graduated with a degree in English. She planned to become a reporter for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, and journalism had been a major part of her degree course. Instead, she moved to Britain to become an actress. After arriving in Britain she joined an actors' cooperative.
<Charlton_Athletic_F.C.>	Charlton Athletic Football Club is an English professional football club based in Charlton, south-east London, which compete in EFL League One. Their home ground is The Valley, where the club have played since 1919. They have also played at The Mount in Catford during the 1923–24 season, and spent seven years at Selhurst Park and the Boleyn Ground between 1985 and 1992, due to financial issues, and then safety concerns raised by the local council. The club's traditional kit consists of red shirts, white shorts and red socks, and their most commonly used nickname is The Addicks. Charlton share local rivalries with fellow South London clubs Crystal Palace and Millwall.The club was founded on 9 June 1905 and turned professional in 1920. They spent one season in the Kent League and one season in the Southern League, before being invited to join the newly-formed Football League Third Division South in 1921. They won the division in the 1928–29 season, and again in 1934–35 following relegation in 1933. Charlton were promoted out of the Second Division in 1935–36, and finished second in the First Division the next season. Having been beaten finalists in 1946, they lifted the FA Cup the following year with a 1–0 victory over Burnley. The departure of Jimmy Seed in 1956, manager for 23 years, saw the club relegated out of the top-flight the following year. Relegated again in 1972, Charlton were promoted from the Third Division in 1974–75, and again in 1980–81 following relegation the previous season.
<Kia_K9>	The Kia K9, marketed as the Kia K900 in the United States and Canada and as the Kia Quoris in other export markets, is a full-size luxury sedan manufactured and marketed by Kia, now in its second generation.The K9 was launched in South Korea in May 2012, with export sales beginning in late 2012. As of June 2013, it was sold in South Korea, the Middle East, Colombia, Chile, Guatemala, Peru, Russia, the United States, and Canada. There are plans to release it in China, although Kia will not use the Quoris nameplate after it lost a legal battle. The K900 was discontinued in Canada by 2018, and the United States in January 2021.
<John_Steinbeck>	John Ernst Steinbeck Jr. (/ˈstaɪnbɛk/; February 27, 1902 – December 20, 1968) was an American writer and the 1962 Nobel Prize in Literature winner "for his realistic and imaginative writings, combining as they do sympathetic humor and keen social perception." He has been called "a giant of American letters."During his writing career, he authored 33 books, with one book coauthored alongside Edward Ricketts, including 16 novels, six non-fiction books, and two collections of short stories. He is widely known for the comic novels Tortilla Flat (1935) and Cannery Row (1945), the multi-generation epic East of Eden (1952), and the novellas The Red Pony (1933) and Of Mice and Men (1937). The Pulitzer Prize–winning The Grapes of Wrath (1939) is considered Steinbeck's masterpiece and part of the American literary canon. In the first 75 years after it was published, it sold 14 million copies.
<Alone_in_the_Dark_(2008_video_game)>	Alone in the Dark is a survival horror video game published by Atari Interactive and is the fifth installment of the series under the same name. The game was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 2, Xbox 360 and Wii in Europe, North America, and Australia in June 2008. The PlayStation 3 version, titled Alone in the Dark: Inferno, was released in November 2008 and includes several enhancements from the other versions. The Windows, Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions were released by Electronic Arts in Japan on December 25, 2008.The Windows, Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions were developed by Eden Games while the PS2 and Wii versions were simultaneously developed by Hydravision Entertainment.[citation needed] The PS2 and Wii version of Alone in the Dark is a completely different game from the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 version. Though both have a similar plot, it has largely different levels, removing all the free-roaming from the other versions. Despite receiving mixed reviews, Alone in the Dark was a financial success.The gameplay in Alone in the Dark differs greatly from other games in the series. It is set out through DVD-style "episodes", where the player can choose to start the game from the beginning or choose to skip to a section if they get stuck. If they choose to do so, the past events are recollected in a "Previously on Alone in the Dark..." cutscene at the start of the episode.
<S.S._Lazio>	Società Sportiva Lazio (Italian pronunciation: [sotʃeˈta sporˈtiːva ˈlattsjo]; BIT: SSL; Lazio Sport Club), commonly referred to as Lazio, is an Italian professional sports club based in Rome, most known for its football activity. The society, founded in 1900, plays in the Serie A and have spent most of their history in the top tier of Italian football. Lazio have been Italian champions twice (1974, 2000), and have won the Coppa Italia seven times, the Supercoppa Italiana three times, and both the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup and UEFA Super Cup on one occasion.The club had their first major success in 1958, winning the domestic cup. In 1974, they won their first Serie A title. The 1990s were the most successful period in Lazio's history, with the team reaching the UEFA Cup final in 1998, winning the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup and UEFA Super Cup in 1999, and clinching the Serie A title in 2000. Due to a severe economic crisis in 2002 that forced president Sergio Cragnotti out of the club along with several star players being sold, Lazio's success in the league declined. In spite of the lower funds, the club has won four Coppa Italia titles since then; in 2004, 2009, 2013 and 2019. Current president Claudio Lotito took charge of the club in 2004, filling the vacuum that had existed following Cragnotti's departure.
<Dena_Grayson>	Dena Minning Grayson (born Dena Minning, January 5, 1971) is an American medical doctor, researcher and politician.  In 2016, she ran unsuccessfully for the Democratic nomination for the United States House of Representatives for Florida's 9th congressional district.Dena Minning Grayson was born on January 5, 1971, in Melbourne, Florida. Grayson graduated from Melbourne High School in 1988 where she was a member of the varsity soccer team that captured the Florida High School State Championship in 1987.  She earned her Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Florida in 1992. After graduating from college, Grayson enrolled in the Medical Scientist Training Program at Washington University School of Medicine, where she earned an MD and a PhD in biochemistry and molecular cell biology.  In 1999, The New York Times, Science Daily and the Duke Chronicle covered research on Ascaris hemoglobin that Grayson had published in Nature, and stated, "The discovery may yield new therapies for diseases such as cancer, in which starving tumors of oxygen is a major therapeutic focus."  Grayson completed her internship in internal medicine at the University of California, San Francisco.
<Susan_Harris>	Susan Harris (née Spivak; born October 28, 1940) is an American television writer and producer, creator of Emmy Award-winning sitcoms Soap (1977–1981) and The Golden Girls (1985–1992). Between 1975 and 1998, Harris was one of the most prolific television writers, creating 13 comedy series. In 2011, she was inducted into the Television Hall of Fame.The first script Harris sold was Then Came Bronson. She then wrote for Love, American Style, All in the Family, The Partridge Family and the TV adaptation of Neil Simon's Barefoot in the Park. Her abortion episode for the Bea Arthur-starring series Maude in the 1970s won Harris the Humanitas Prize. She worked with Arthur again in the 1980s when Arthur took one of the lead roles in The Golden Girls.
<Frazier_Glenn_Miller_Jr.>	Frazier Glenn Miller Jr. (November 23, 1940 – May 3, 2021), commonly known as Glenn Miller or Frazier Glenn Cross, was an American domestic terrorist and leader of the defunct North Carolina-based White Patriot Party (formerly known as the Carolina Knights of the Ku Klux Klan). Convicted of murder as well as criminal charges related to weapons, and the violation of an injunction against paramilitary activity, Miller was a perennial candidate for public office. He was an advocate of white nationalism, white separatism, racist Odinism, and antisemitism.On April 13, 2014, Miller was arrested following the Overland Park Jewish Community Center shooting in Overland Park, Kansas. Johnson County prosecutors initially charged him with one count of capital murder and one count of first-degree murder. On October 17, 2014, the separate charge for first-degree murder was dismissed and all three deaths were included in a single capital murder count. Miller was also charged with three counts of attempted first-degree murder for allegedly shooting at three other people. On December 18, 2014, he was found competent to stand trial, and prosecutors announced they were seeking the death penalty against him.
<FC_Zorya_Luhansk>	FC Zorya Luhansk (Ukrainian: ФК «Зоря» Луганськ [zoˈrʲɑ lʊˈɦɑnʲsʲk]) is a Ukrainian football team. Zorya Luhansk is based in the city of Luhansk, Ukraine. However, because of the Russo-Ukrainian War, the team play their games at Slavutych-Arena in Zaporizhzhia.The modern club as a team of masters was established on 10 April 1964 by the Football Federation of the Soviet Union merging the October Revolution Plant (Luhanskteplovoz) sports club Zorya and the Luhansk regional branch of the "Trudovye Rezervy" sports society. In 1972, as Zaria Voroshilovgrad, the club became the first provincial Soviet club to win the Soviet Top League title. Today, the modern club considers its predecessor the football team of the Luhansk Steam Locomotive Plant (October Revolution Steam Locomotive Plant, today Luhanskteplovoz) that was established back in 1923. 
<S.C._Espinho>	Sporting Clube de Espinho, also known as Sporting de Espinho, is a Portuguese sports club from the city of Espinho in the Aveiro district. Besides football, the club has volleyball and handball departments that usually compete in the major Portuguese top leagues. Other sport departments are those in athletics, swimming and futsal.Founded in 1914, it is one of the oldest clubs in Portugal. In 1925, SC Espinho's football team reached the semifinals of the Campeonato de Portugal, their highest round to date. The team also played 11 seasons in the Portuguese First Division between 1975 and 1997. They currently compete in AF Aveiro Campeonato Sabseg.The football team played their home games at Estádio Comendador Manuel Violas in Espinho, until 2018. Since 2018, the team has been playing in temporary stadiums such as: Estadio do Bolhão (2018–2020) or Estadio Marques da Silva (since 2020). The club is aiming is to play in the future municipal stadium of the city of Espinho
<Kim_Kimoon>	Kim Kimoon (born 1954) is a South Korean chemist and professor in the Department of Chemistry at Pohang University of Science and Technology (POSTECH). He is the first and current director of the Center for Self-assembly and Complexity at the Institute for Basic Science. Kim has authored or coauthored 300 papers which have been cited more than 30,000 times and he holds a number of patents. His work has been published in Nature, Nature Chemistry, Angewandte Chemie, and JACS, among others. He has been a Clarivate Analytics Highly Cited Researcher in the field of chemistry in 2014, 2015, 2016.His research has focused on developing novel functional materials and devices based on supramolecular chemistry. In particular, his research group has worked on a various functional materials based on cucurbiturils (CB[n]s), pumpkin-shaped macrocyclic molecules, and metal-organic porous materials for catalysis, separation, and gas storage. His discovery and isolation of new members of the CB[n] family reported in 2000 had a major impact in expanding the field. Additionally, his paper published in Nature in 2000, which reported the synthesis of homochiral nanoporous crystalline materials using self-assembly and an application for a chiral catalyst, is notable as it was placed among 35 top notable chemical related papers published in Nature from 1950 to 2000. His research has been recognized by a number of awards, including the Izatt-Christensen Award in 2012.Kim received his B.S. degree from Seoul National University in 1977, M.S. degree from Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST) in 1979 under Prof. Mu Shik Jon, and Ph.D. degree from Stanford University in 1986 under Prof. James P. Collman. After graduating, he did two years of postdoctoral work at Northwestern University under Prof. James A. Ibers.
<Hong_Eun-hee>	Hong Eun-hee (born February 17, 1980) is a South Korean actress.This article about a Korean actor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<James_Brown_Lord>	James Brown Lord (26 April 1859 — 1 June 1902) was an American architect, working in a Beaux-Arts idiom, with a practice in New York City. His Appellate Court House was his most prominent commission, noted at the time of his premature death, at the age of forty-three. He designed one of the first of the Carnegie libraries, the Yorkville Branch of the New York Public Library, at 222 East 79th Street (illustration).Lord was born in New York, into a distinguished family, the son of James Couper Lord and grandson of Daniel Lord, a prominent lawyer in New York. His mother was a daughter of James Brown, founder of the firm that became Brown Brothers Harriman. He graduated from Princeton University in 1879 and apprenticed in the architectural office of William A. Potter. He was a member of the Tuxedo Club and designed many of the buildings at Tuxedo Park, New York.He married Mary Townsend Nicoll, of a distinguished New York family and was a member of the Metropolitan Club, the Union League, the Players Club, the Racquet Club and professionally of the American Institute of Architects and the National Academy of Design, where he was a Fellow.  He is buried in Green-Wood Cemetery, Brooklyn.
<FC_Spartak_Moscow>	FC Spartak Moscow (Russian: Футбольный клуб «Спартак» Москва, romanized: Futbolʹnyy klub «Spartak» Moskva, pronounced [spɐrˈtak mɐˈskva]) is a Russian professional football club based in Moscow. Having won 12 Soviet championships (second only to Dynamo Kyiv) and a record 10 Russian championships, it is the country's most successful club. They have also won a record 10 Soviet Cups, 4 Russian Cups and one Russian Super Cup. Spartak have also reached the semi-finals of all three European club competitions.In the early days of Soviet football, government agencies such as the police, army, and railroads created their own clubs. Many statesmen saw in the wins of their teams the superiority over the opponents patronising other teams. Almost all the teams had such kind of patrons; Dynamo Moscow aligned with the Militsiya, CSKA Moscow with the Red Army, and Spartak, created by a trade union public organization, was considered to be "the people's team".[citation needed]
<National_Science_Foundation>	The National Science Foundation (NSF) is an independent agency of the United States government that supports fundamental research and education in all the non-medical fields of science and engineering. Its medical counterpart is the National Institutes of Health. With an annual budget of about $8.3 billion (fiscal year 2020), the NSF funds approximately 25% of all federally supported basic research conducted by the United States' colleges and universities. In some fields, such as mathematics, computer science, economics, and the social sciences, the NSF is the major source of federal backing. The NSF's director and deputy director are appointed by the President of the United States and confirmed by the United States Senate, whereas the 24 president-appointed members of the National Science Board (NSB) do not require Senate confirmation. The director and deputy director are responsible for administration, planning, budgeting and day-to-day operations of the foundation, while the NSB meets six times a year to establish its overall policies. The current NSF director is Sethuraman Panchanathan.
<Fall_River,_Massachusetts>	Fall River is a city in Bristol County, Massachusetts, United States. The City of Fall River's population was 94,000 at the 2020 United States Census, making it the tenth-largest city in the state.Located along the eastern shore of Mount Hope Bay at the mouth of the Taunton River, the city became famous during the 19th century as the leading textile manufacturing center in the United States. While the textile industry has long since moved on, its impact on the city's culture and landscape is still prominent. Fall River's official motto is "We'll Try", dating back to the aftermath of the Great Fire of 1843. Nicknamed The Scholarship City after Irving Fradkin founded Dollars for Scholars there in 1958, mayor Jasiel Correia introduced the "Make It Here" slogan as part of a citywide rebranding effort in 2017.Fall River is known for the Lizzie Borden case, the Fall River cult murders, Portuguese culture, its numerous 19th-century textile mills and Battleship Cove, home of the world's largest collection of World War II naval vessels (including the battleship USS Massachusetts). Fall River has its city hall located over an interstate highway.
<T.A._Welsh>	Thomas Welsh (frequently known as T.A. Welsh) was a British film producer. Along with George Pearson he was one of the co-owners of Welsh-Pearson, a leading British company of the late silent era. The company made many popular hits at its Craven Park Studios during the 1920s.This article about a British film producer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Uppsala_University>	Coordinates: 59°51′27″N 17°37′44″E﻿ / ﻿59.85750°N 17.62889°E﻿ / 59.85750; 17.62889Uppsala University (Swedish: Uppsala universitet) is a public research university in Uppsala, Sweden. Founded in 1477, it is the oldest university in Sweden and the Nordic countries still in operation.The university rose to significance during the rise of Sweden as a great power at the end of the 16th century and was then given a relative financial stability with a large donation from King Gustavus Adolphus in the early 17th century. Uppsala also has an important historical place in Swedish national culture, identity and for the Swedish establishment: in historiography, literature, politics, and music. Many aspects of Swedish academic culture in general, such as the white student cap, originated in Uppsala. It shares some peculiarities, such as the student nation system, with Lund University and the University of Helsinki.
<Firaxis_Games>	Firaxis Games, Inc. is an American video game developer based in Sparks, Maryland. The company was founded in May 1996 by Sid Meier, Jeff Briggs and Brian Reynolds following their departure from MicroProse, Meier's earlier venture. They were acquired by Take-Two Interactive in August 2005, and subsequently became part of the publisher's 2K label. Firaxis Games is best known for developing the Civilization and XCOM series, as well as many other games bearing Meier's name.Firaxis Software was founded on May 1, 1996, by Sid Meier, Brian Reynolds and Jeff Briggs, three video game designers formerly employed by MicroProse, a video game venture founded by Meier and partner Bill Stealey in 1982. The name "Firaxis", a portmanteau of "fiery" and "axis", was derived from the name of a piece of music created by Briggs. Briggs explained that they decided to stay in the Baltimore area, rather than moving to Silicon Valley, because it was "just a great place to be". Unlike MicroProse, Firaxis Software aimed at being a "design house", leaving manufacturing, marketing, and distribution of their games to outside contractors. As such, the company talked to six potential video game publishers for their games, and finally signed an agreement with Electronic Arts, through which their games would be distributed under Electronic Arts' Origin Systems label. The studio's opening was announced on June 24, 1996. Firaxis Software was originally located in a 2,500-square-foot office on Gilroy Road in Hunt Valley, Maryland, temporarily sharing office space. To accommodate their growth, in February 1997, they announced that they were moving their corporate headquarters to a 7,200-square-foot office suite in Executive Plaza III, an office building on 11350 McCormick Road and part of the Hunt Valley Business Community. The deal, assisted by broker William W. Whitty Jr. of MacKenzie/O'Conor, Piper & Flynn Commercial Real Estate Services, was expected to be completed by March that year. The company had 13 employees at the time.
<Pearson_Television>	Pearson Television was the British-based television production and distribution arm of a British company Pearson PLC.In 1994 after a bidding war, Pearson PLC bought the former British ITV franchisee Thames Television. Then in 1995 it acquired Australian production company Grundy Television. Allied Communications Inc. (ACI), a U.S.-based distributor of made-for-television films, was purchased later that year for $40 million. In 1996, Pearson Television bought the British production company SelecTV PLC, and merged into it.On October 1, 1997, Pearson Television announced that it would launch a $373 million cash tender offer for publicly traded U.S. television company All American Communications Inc. On 5 November, Pearson completed its tender offer, and All American was merged into Pearson Television the following year, while All American Music Group was sold to Zomba Records subsidiary Volcano Entertainment. This acquisition gave Pearson worldwide rights to various game show formats such as  Family Feud and The Price Is Right as well as drama series in the U.S. such as Baywatch.
<James_J._Wynne>	James J. Wynne (born March 19, 1943 in Brooklyn) is an American physicist at the IBM Watson Research Center in Yorktown Heights, NY.Wynne pioneered the use of excimer lasers for medical applications, most notably LASIK. He received the National Medal of Technology and Innovation on February 2, 2013 from U.S. President Obama, together with Rangaswamy Srinivasan and (posthumously) Samuel Blum for their contributions to laser eye surgery.
<Arthur_Blomfield>	Selwyn College, Cambridge,Bancroft's School in London,Sir Arthur William Blomfield ARA FRIBA (6 March 1829 – 30 October 1899) was an English architect. He became president of the Architectural Association in 1861; a Fellow of the Royal Institute of British Architects in 1867 and vice-president of the RIBA in 1886. He was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he read Architecture.
<Prince_Max,_Duke_in_Bavaria>	Max-Emanuel Ludwig Maria Herzog in Bayern (sometimes styled Prince Max of Bavaria, Duke in Bavaria; born 21 January 1937) as the younger son of Albrecht, Duke of Bavaria, is the heir presumptive to both the headship of the former Bavarian royal house and the Jacobite succession. He was born a Prince of Bavaria, as a member of the royal line of the House of Wittelsbach, but has been using the title "Herzog in Bayern" or Duke in Bavaria, since he was adopted as an adult by his grand-uncle, Duke Ludwig Wilhelm in Bavaria, the last bearer of that title of a junior branch of the House of Wittelsbach, from whom he inherited considerable estates at Tegernsee Abbey (including a brewery), Banz Abbey and Kreuth.Max married the Swedish Countess Elisabeth Douglas (born 31 December 1940 in Stockholm), daughter of Count Carl Ludvig Douglas (Swedish Ambassador to Brazil) and Ottora Maria Haas-Heye, in a civil ceremony in Kreuth on 10 January 1967 and in a religious ceremony in Munich on 24 January 1967. His wife is also a granddaughter of General Archibald Douglas and a great-granddaughter of Philipp, Prince of Eulenburg.They have five daughters:
<Stampede_Wrestling>	Stampede Wrestling was a Canadian professional wrestling promotion based in Calgary, Alberta. For nearly 50 years, it was one of the main promotions in western Canada and the Canadian Prairies. Originally established by Stu Hart in 1948, the promotion competed with other promotions such as NWA All-Star Wrestling and Pacific Northwest Wrestling and regularly ran events in Calgary's Victoria Pavilion, Ogden Auditorium and the Stampede Corral between 1948 and 1984. Bought out by promoter Vince McMahon, the company was briefly run by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) before being sold back to the Hart family the following year. Run by Bruce Hart until January 1990, he and Ross Hart reopened the promotion in 1999 and began running events in the Alberta area.Along with its wrestling school known as "The Dungeon", many of the promotion's former alumni becoming some of the most popular stars in the World Wrestling Federation and other American promotions during the 1980s and 1990s, the promotion produced one of the earliest televised professional wrestling programs (today considered the forerunner of today's WWE) that remained one of Calgary's most popular sports programs eventually airing in over 50 countries.Stampede Wrestling was formed in 1948 by Stu Hart and Al Oeming under the name Klondike Wrestling, and held their first show on September 11, 1948, at the Sales Pavillion in Edmonton, Alberta. It also become the National Wrestling Alliance's Calgary territory in Canada. In May 1951, they changed its name to Big Time Wrestling. In February 1958, they introduced their version of the NWA International Tag Team Championship to replace the Alberta Tag Team Championship that was retired the year before, which was won by The Kalmikoffs.
<Oh_Yeon-soo>	Oh Yeon-soo (born October 27, 1971) is a South Korean actress.Oh Yeon-soo made her debut in 1989 among a batch of actors who passed an open audition by broadcaster MBC, and she soon became popular for her innocent image. But since her marriage to fellow actor Son Ji-chang, Oh has had a career renaissance doing more mature roles. She played a single mother who rediscovers love in A Second Proposal, a discontented housewife in a rivalry with a top ballerina in The Queen Returns, and was cast as strong, supporting characters in the historical dramas Jumong, and Gyebaek. But Oh became best known for memorably portraying married women exploring adultery in the dark melodramas Bitter Sweet Life, and Bad Guy.
<Alessandro_Marchetti_(aircraft_engineer)>	Alessandro Marchettí (1884 – 5 December 1966) was an Italian engineer and airplane designer. Marchetti was born in Sesto Calende, Italy, and died in Rome. He was best known for having created the Savoia-Marchetti SM.79, a World War II bomber aircraft.This article about an Italian engineer, inventor or industrial designer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Nico_Mirallegro>	'</ref></ref></ref>Nico Cristian Mirallegro (/ˌmɪrəˈlɛɡroʊ/ MIRR-ə-LEG-roh; born 26 January 1991) is an English actor. He is best known for his roles as Barry "Newt" Newton in the soap opera Hollyoaks (2007–2010), Finn Nelson in My Mad Fat Diary (2013–2015), Joe Middleton in The Village (2013), and Johnjo O'Shea in Common (2014). His feature film credits include Spike Island (2012), Anita B. (2014), The Pass (2016), and  Peterloo (2018). 
<Mary_Pickford>	Gladys Marie Smith (April 8, 1892 – May 29, 1979), known professionally as Mary Pickford, was a Canadian-American stage and screen actress and producer with a career that spanned five decades. A pioneer in the US film industry, she co-founded Pickford–Fairbanks Studios and United Artists, and was one of the 36 founders of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. Pickford is considered to be one of the most recognisable women in history.Cited as "America's Sweetheart" during the silent film era, she is named on the list of the AFI's 100 Years...100 Stars as the 24th top female stars from the Classical Hollywood Cinema era  and the "girl with the curls",
<Jerry_Jarrett>	Jerry Winston Jarrett (born September 4, 1942) is an American retired professional wrestling promoter and professional wrestler. Along with his long-term business partner Jerry Lawler, Jarrett is a key figure in the history of professional wrestling in the Mid-Southern United States. Described as a "wrestling genius", he was inducted into the National Wrestling Alliance Hall of Fame in 2009.Jarrett founded the Memphis, Tennessee-based Continental Wrestling Association in 1977. In 1989, Jarrett merged his promotion with the Dallas, Texas-based promotion World Class Championship Wrestling, creating the United States Wrestling Association, which Jarrett sold to Lawler in 1997. He made another foray into promoting in 2002 when he co-founded NWA:TNA with his son Jeff Jarrett, selling his controlling interest to Panda Energy International later that year.Jarrett was born to Christine "Teeny" Jarrett (1923–1998) in Nashville, Tennessee on September 4, 1942. His parents divorced when he was three years old, and to support Jarrett and his sister, Christine began working as a ticket vendor at the Nashville Hippodrome for Nick Gulas and Roy Welch, the promoters of NWA Mid-America. Over time, Christine was given more responsibility by Gulas and Welch, and by the early-1970s she was promoting shows on their behalf in Indiana and Kentucky. At the age of seven, Jarrett began selling programs for Gulas and Welch.
<Craig_Rocastle>	Craig Aaron Rocastle (born 17 August 1981) is a former footballer. Born in England , he represented Grenada at international level. He is a cousin of the late England and Arsenal midfielder David Rocastle.A former youth team player at Queens Park Rangers, he joined Kingstonian from Gravesend and Northfleet in 2001. He signed with Chelsea via Slough Town in 2003, and was loaned out to Barnsley, Lincoln City, and Hibernian. He joined Sheffield Wednesday in February 2005, helping the "Owls" to promotion out of League One via the play-offs in 2005. Loaned out to Yeovil Town, he switched to Oldham Athletic in 2006, before moving on to Port Vale in June 2007. He was loaned out to Gillingham, before joining Greek side Thrasyvoulos in 2008. He returned to England the following year with Welling United, later playing for Dover Athletic and Forest Green Rovers. He joined American club Sporting Kansas City in March 2010, and briefly played for the Missouri Comets in January 2012, before he returned to Thrasyvoulos.
<Mike_Eng>	Michael Francis Eng (Chinese: 伍國慶; pinyin: Wǔ Guóqìng; born September 14, 1946) is an American politician serving as one of five members of the California Unemployment Insurance Appeals Board (CUIAB) since 2019. A member of the Democratic Party, he was appointed to the body, an administrative court system for workers and employers, ruling on work-related benefits, by State Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon. Eng previously served in the Monterey Park City Council (2003–2006) and California State Assembly (2006–2012); he was Mayor of Monterey Park from 2004 to 2005. He was elected to the Los Angeles Community College District Board of Trustees in 2013 and served until 2017.In 2004, Eng became Mayor of Monterey Park, California, an office he held until 2005.Eng has served as a City Councilman, State Assemblyman and Community College Board Vice President. He has also served as Vice Chair of the State Board of Acupuncture and President of the Monterey Park Library Board of Trustees. While in the Assembly, he chaired the Committee on Transportation, Committee on Business and Professions and Committee on Banking and Finance.[citation needed]
<George_McRae>	George McRae (10 September 1857 – 16 June 1923) was a Scottish architect who migrated to Australia and pursued his career in Sydney, where he became Government Architect of New South Wales and designed some of Sydney's best-known buildings, including completion of the Sydney Town Hall, the Queen Victoria Building, and the lower entrance to Taronga Zoo.George McRae was born in Edinburgh in 1857. The register of his birth records his father as Duncan (joiner journeyman) and his mother as Mary. He arrived in Sydney in 1884 and was appointed Assistant Architect in the City Architect's office. He became City Architect and City Building Surveyor in 1889. He held this position until 1897, when he was appointed Principal Assistant Architect to Walter Liberty Vernon in the Government Architect's Branch.  In 1912 he succeeded Vernon as New South Wales Government Architect and held the position until he died in 1923.
<Dani_Tortolero>	Daniel 'Dani' Tortolero Núñez (born 6 September 1981) is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a central defender.Born in Esplugues de Llobregat, Barcelona, Catalonia, Tortolero was a FC Barcelona youth graduate. He only appeared however as a senior for the C and B teams – with the exception of two UEFA Champions League group-stage matches in the 2002–03 season, wins against Club Brugge KV (1–0, away) and Galatasaray SK (3–1, home)– being released in 2003. From that year until 2013 he competed in the Segunda División, playing 239 games and scoring 20 goals for Elche CF, Gimnàstic de Tarragona (two spells), Hércules CF, UD Salamanca, Girona FC and CE Sabadell FC.In the summer of 2013, aged 32, Tortolero moved abroad for the first time, joining Doxa Katokopias FC in the Cypriot First Division. In July 2015, after one year of inactivity, he was supposed to sign for Romanian club FC Rapid București on a three-year contract, but the deal eventually fell through.
<Deerfield_Residence>	The Deerfield Residence (formerly the Chief Secretary's Lodge) is the official residence of the United States Ambassador to Ireland.The premises has been the Ambassador's Official Residence since 1927, and was previously the Embassy of the United States of America in Ireland. Deerfield Residence is a large 18th-century building, sitting on 62 acres (250,000 m2) of private grounds in the centre of the Phoenix Park in Dublin. It sits across from the official residence of the President of Ireland, Áras an Uachtaráin.
<Royal_Society>	The Royal Society, formally The Royal Society of London for Improving Natural Knowledge, is a learned society and the United Kingdom's national academy of sciences. The society fulfils a number of roles: promoting science and its benefits, recognising excellence in science, supporting outstanding science, providing scientific advice for policy, education and public engagement and fostering international and global co-operation. Founded on 28 November 1660, it was granted a royal charter by King Charles II as The Royal Society and is the oldest continuously existing scientific academy in the world.The society is governed by its Council, which is chaired by the Society's President, according to a set of statutes and standing orders. The members of Council and the President are elected from and by its Fellows, the basic members of the society, who are themselves elected by existing Fellows. As of 2020[update], there are about 1,700 fellows, allowed to use the postnominal title FRS (Fellow of the Royal Society), with up to 52 new fellows appointed each year. There are also royal fellows, honorary fellows and foreign members, the last of which are allowed to use the postnominal title ForMemRS (Foreign Member of the Royal Society). The Royal Society President is Adrian Smith, who took up the post and started his 5 year term on 30 November 2020, replacing the previous president Venki Ramakrishnan.
<John_W._Blodgett>	John Wood Blodgett Sr. was a lumberman, civic leader, and philanthropist. He was born on a frontier farm where the present village of Hersey, Michigan, now sits, to logging and sawmill operation owner Delos A. and Jane Wood Blodgett.John's father built a school for the settlement where he received his early education, then attended Todd Seminary, Woodstock, IL, and Military Academy in Worcester, MA, graduating in 1876.  Expecting college, his father's illness directed John into the family's pine-logging and milling interests, quickly learning the trade.
<Graham_Waterhouse>	Graham Waterhouse (born 2 November 1962) is an English composer and cellist, focused on chamber music. For his own instrument, he has composed a cello concerto, Three Pieces for Solo Cello and Variations for Cello Solo. He has written string quartets and compositions which juxtapose a quartet with a solo instrument, including Piccolo Quintet, Bassoon Quintet and the piano quintet Rhapsodie Macabre. He has set poetry for speaking voice and cello, such as Der Handschuh, and has written song cycles. His compositions reflect the individual capacity and character of players and instruments, from piccolo to contrabassoon.Since 1998, Waterhouse has organised a concert series at the Gasteig in Munich, often playing with members of the Munich Philharmonic. His works have been performed internationally and several have been recorded. He has been awarded prizes for several of his compositions, and has been composer in residence at institutions in European countries. He achieved a PhD from the University of Birmingham in 2018. From 2020, his compositions have been published by Schott.
<Philadelphia_Phillies_(NFL)>	The Philadelphia Phillies were a professional American football team based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1902. The team was a member of what was referred to as the National Football League—not to be confused with the National Football League of today. The whole league was a curious mixture of football players as well as baseball players who adapted to playing football. The Phillies were owned and financed by baseball's Philadelphia Phillies just as the owners of the Philadelphia Athletics financed their team, the Philadelphia Athletics. The Pittsburgh Stars made up the third team and was suspected of being financed by the Pittsburgh Pirates baseball team.The Phillies began as the Philadelphia Athletic Club in 1901. The team was more commonly called throughout Philadelphia as the Philadelphia Professionals or the Philadelphia Pros. It was the region's first entirely professional football squad. Wilson Wright, a Penn graduate, was the team's manager and chief financial backer. The team, led by Penn's Blondy Wallace, was largely made up of former Penn players along with a few veterans of such teams as the Duquesne Country and Athletic Club and the Latrobe Athletic Association.Philadelphia opened its 1901 season with shut outs of the Conshohocken Tigers, the Orange Athletic Club, Susquehanna University and a tough squad from Lafayette College. Next Philadelphia had to play the 1901 Homestead Library & Athletic Club football team. Homestead was a successful team that gave up only seven points over a span of two seasons and was clearly the strongest of the many competitive teams of Western Pennsylvania. In fact Homestead was considered it the best professional team in the nation. This match-up was generally accepted as the professional championship of the United States. Both teams worked diligently to prepare for the game. However Philadelphia proved no match for the  Homestead team and lost by a score of 18-0. The two teams then closed out their seasons in Pittsburgh the following Saturday. This time Philadelphia lost by a score of only 6-5. They held Homestead to a single touchdown and managed to score the only touchdown against the team in two seasons.
<Junction_Oval>	Victoria cricket team (2018–present)  Victoria women's cricket team (2018–present)  Melbourne Stars (WBBL; 2018–present)  Melbourne Renegades (WBBL; 2018–present)  St Kilda Cricket Club (VPC; 1856–present)  Melbourne Stars (BBL; 2022-present)Junction Oval (also known as the St Kilda Cricket Ground, or the CitiPower Centre due to sponsorship reasons) is a historic sports ground in the suburb of St Kilda in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
<Fania_Marinoff>	Fania Marinoff (Russian: Фаня Маринов; Yiddish: פאַניאַ מאַרינאָוו) (March 20, 1890 – November 17, 1971) was a Russian-born American actress.Marinoff was born in Odessa, Russia, on March 20, 1890. She was born into a Jewish household, and she was the thirteenth child and seventh daughter born to Mayer and Leah Marinoff, who died shortly after she was born. At age 6, Marinoff, who was nicknamed Fanny as a child, was smuggled onboard an overcrowded passenger ship headed to America. She arrived in Boston where she lived undernourished and uneducated. At the age of 8, Marinoff was sent to live with her older brother, Michael. While living with him and his wife, Marinoff was tortured on a regular basis. She was locked in dark rooms, which were infested with rats, for hours on end. A year later, Marinoff made her stage debut as a little boy in Cyrano de Bergerac at the El Itch Theater. This launched the beginning of what would be a 50-year career.
<Ashley_Bayes>	Ashley John Bayes (born 19 April 1972) is an English former professional footballer who is goalkeeping coach at League One club AFC Wimbledon.Bayes started his career at Brentford, where he progressed through the youth system to make his first-team debut in March 1990. He spent most of his time at Griffin Park as the club's second-choice goalkeeper, and in 1993, signed for Torquay United on a free transfer. Bayes played regularly during his time at Torquay, making over 100 appearances during his three seasons in Devon. He then joined Exeter City in July 1996, and spent three years there. Bayes returned to London in July 1999 when he signed for Leyton Orient. After three years at Orient, Bayes joined League of Ireland team Bohemians in 2002, winning the league title in his first season with the club. He returned to England in March 2003, and subsequently signed for Conference National club Woking. 
<Esporte_Clube_Vitória>	Esporte Clube Vitória, commonly referred to as Vitória, is a Brazilian professional club based in Salvador, Bahia founded on 13 May 1899. It competes in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série B, the second tier of Brazilian football, as well as in the Campeonato Baiano, the top flight of the Bahia state football league.Vitória's home games are played at the club's own stadium, Manoel Barradas, capacity 35,632. The team plays in red and black horizontal striped shirts, black shorts and black socks. The stripes have changed over time: they have been sometimes vertical, horizontal, wide and narrow.
<Mónica_Ayos>	Mónica Ayos is an Argentine actress.Mónica Ayos Crámer was born in Buenos Aires. She is the daughter of the dancers Víctor Ayos and Mónica Crámer. As her parents frequently left the country on dance tours, she lived with her grandmother in Mar del Plata, and attended the local elementary school. She returned to Buenos Aires, and attended high school in San Telmo. She had small assignments as an actress at the age of 12. She was emancipated at the age of 16, and visited Chile. She had a son with a Chilean that she broke up with a few months later, and raised her son as a single mother.
<Hong_Huifang>	Hong Huifang (born Ang Hwee Fong on 7 January 1961) is a Singaporean actress.Hong joined the SBC during the mid-1980s after completing the 5th drama training course alongside Yang Libing and Chen Tianwen, at age 22. She is perhaps best known by her generation for starring in Samsui Women and her role as Wang Jinfeng in The Price of Peace, for which she won her first acting award. In 2009, she starred in the highly rated drama Housewives' Holiday and earned a surprise Best Actress nomination. At the Star Awards 2010, Hong became the only artiste to earn nomination for three awards: Best Actress (Housewives' Holiday), Best Supporting Actress (Together) and Top 10 Most Popular Female Artistes.
<Railway_Recruitment_Control_Board>	Railway Recruitment Control Board is a government recruitment agency for Group C and Group D non-gazetted civil service and engineering posts in Indian Railways under Ministry of Railways , Government of India . It was set up in 1998 in the Ministry of Railways (Railway Board), New Delhi.Railway Recruitment Boards are organisations under the Government of India that manage the appointment of new employees to work in Indian Railways. There are 21 offices of railway recruiting board all over the India: 
<Glass_Joe>	Glass Joe is a fictional French boxer from Nintendo's Punch-Out!! video game series. He first appeared in the arcade game Punch-Out!! in 1984 and three years later in the NES game of the same name. His most recent appearance was in the Wii installment of Punch-Out!!. He was originally designed by Shigeru Miyamoto and was revised by Makoto Wada for the NES game. He is voiced by Christian Bernard in the Wii game.Joe is the player's first opponent in all of his roles. As a foil among most of the boxers, he is famous for his weakness and cowardice, considered by critics to be stereotypes of French people. These characteristics were emphasized by the developer of the Wii game which included cutscenes which depict Glass Joe in French settings. Glass Joe is considered one of the most well-known characters in the Punch-Out!! series and a Nintendo icon. His name has been used to describe poor performance by sportspeople and teams. In the Wii game, his dialogue consists of him pleading for the player to not strike him in the jaw, complaints about the tightness of his gloves, and counting to ten in French.
<Roland_Joffé>	Roland Joffé (born 17 November 1945) is a British director and producer of film and television, known for the Academy Award-winning films The Killing Fields and The Mission. He began his career in television, his early credits including episodes of Coronation Street and an adaptation of The Stars Look Down for Granada. He gained a reputation for hard-hitting political stories with the series Bill Brand and factual dramas for Play for Today.Joffé was educated at two independent schools: the Lycée Français Charles de Gaulle in London, and Carmel College in Wallingford, Oxfordshire, which was Europe's only Jewish boarding school, until it closed in 1997. He completed his formal education at the University of Manchester.
<Marie_Galante_(film)>	Marie Galante is a 1934 American film directed by Henry King, starring Ketti Gallian and Spencer Tracy, adapted from a French novel by Jacques Deval. Later in the same year the novel was adapted into a French musical titled Marie Galante, with book and lyrics by Jacques Deval and music by Kurt Weill.The synopsis of the musical-play, as described by the Kurt Weill Foundation, is as follows: "Marie is kidnapped and taken to Panama by a lecherous sea captain, who abandons her when she will not give in to his desires. She becomes a prostitute in order to earn money to return to France; meanwhile, she is unwittingly involved in an espionage plot. She spends most of her money to care for a dying black man whom no one else will tend to. When she does finally save enough money for a steamer fare, she is murdered by a spy who fears discovery the night before the boat sails." In the film, Marie remains an innocent, and one of the heroes is a Japanese General.Marie is a telegraph messenger who loves the provincial French port that is her home. She delivers a telegram to a Captain in the local cafe. It describes the route he is to take. They return to his ship, the “Hettie King”, so he can compose a reply. The next morning, the Captain berates a crewman for departing while the girl was on board. Their business is illegal, so they drop her off at “a seacoast town in Central America,” where Marie learns that she must get to the Panama Canal to get a ship for France.
<Strictly_Come_Dancing_(series_13)>	Strictly Come Dancing returned for its thirteenth series on BBC One with a launch show on 5 September 2015, with the live shows starting on 25 September 2015. Tess Daly and Claudia Winkleman returned to present the launch show and the live shows while Zoe Ball returned to present Strictly Come Dancing: It Takes Two on BBC Two. Len Goodman, Bruno Tonioli and Craig Revel Horwood returned as judges for their thirteenth series, along with Darcey Bussell who returned for her fourth series as a judge.The series was won by The Wanted band member Jay McGuiness and Aliona Vilani on 19 December. McGuiness became the first celebrity since Louis Smith in series 10 to win the show without falling into the bottom two dance-off during the series, as well being the first since Kara Tointon in series 8 to win without achieving a perfect 40 score during the competition. Vilani also became the first professional in the show's history to win the show for a second time, after previously winning with Harry Judd in series 9, that would happen again in 2020 with Oti Mabuse but winning back to back that time. This series also saw long standing professional Anton du Beke reach the final for the first time, with Katie Derham, and Kevin Clifton becoming the first professional dancer to reach three consecutive finals.
<Tony_Capaldi>	Anthony Charles Capaldi (born 12 August 1981) is a former footballer who made nearly 250 appearances in the Football League and is a former Northern Ireland international.Born in Porsgrunn, Norway, Capaldi won 22 caps for Northern Ireland at full international level, 21 of which were as a Plymouth Argyle player, a total that made him the club's most-capped international. He played in the Football League for Plymouth Argyle, Cardiff City, Leeds United, Morecambe and Oxford United. Capaldi can play in defence as a left back or as a left-sided midfielder.
<Gigō_Funakoshi>	Gigō Funakoshi (Japanese: 船越義豪, Hepburn: Funakoshi Gigō, Funakoshi Yoshitaka) (1906 - 24 November 1945) was the third son of Gichin Funakoshi (船越 義珍) (the founder of Shōtōkan 松濤館流 karate) and is widely credited with developing the foundation of the modern karate Shotokan style.Gigo Funakoshi was born in Okinawa and diagnosed with tuberculosis at the age of seven. He was sickly as a child and began the formal study of karate-do at the age of twelve as a means to improve his health. In the early years, Gichin Funakoshi often took Gigo with him to his trainings with Yasutsune Itosu. Gigo moved from Okinawa to Tokyo with his father when he was 17, and later became a radiographer of the Section of Physical and Medical Consultation of the Ministry of Education.When his father's Shihan (senior assistant instructor) Takeshi Shimoda died, Gigo assumed his position within the Shotokan organization teaching in various universities. Gichin Funakoshi transformed karate from a purely self-defense fighting technique to a philosophical martial Dō (way of life), or gendai budo, but his son Gigō began to develop a karate technique that definitively separated Japanese karate-do from the local Okinawan arts.  Between 1936 and 1945, Gigo gave it a completely different and powerful Japanese flavor based on his study of modern kendo (the way of the japanese sword), and Iaido (the way of drawing the japanese sword) under sensei Nakayama Hakudō. Gigo's work on japanese Karate development was primarily popularized by masters Shigeru Egami and Genshin Hironishi, who later formed the shotokai karate style
<Lionel_Trilling>	Lionel Mordecai Trilling (July 4, 1905 – November 5, 1975) was an American literary critic, short story writer, essayist, and teacher. He was one of the leading U.S. critics of the 20th century who analyzed the contemporary cultural, social, and political implications of literature. With his wife Diana Trilling (née Rubin), whom he married in 1929, he was a member of the New York Intellectuals and contributor to the Partisan Review.Lionel Mordecai Trilling was born in Queens, New York, the son of Fannie (née Cohen), who was from London, and David Trilling, a tailor from Bialystok in Poland. His family was Jewish. In 1921, he graduated from DeWitt Clinton High School, and, at age 16, entered Columbia University, thus beginning a lifelong association with the university. He joined the Boar's Head Society and wrote for the Morningside literary journal. In 1925, he graduated from Columbia College, and, in 1926, earned a Master of Arts degree at the university (his master's essay was entitled Theodore Edward Hook: his life and work). He then taught at the University of Wisconsin–Madison and at Hunter College.
<National_Wrestling_Alliance>	The National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) is an American professional wrestling promotion and former professional wrestling governing body operated by its parent company Lightning One, Inc.Founded in 1948, the NWA began as a governing body for a group of regional professional wrestling promotions, the heads of which made up the Board of Directors. The group operated a territory system which sanctioned their own company championships while recognizing a singular world champion who defended his title across all the territories, participated in talent exchanges, and collectively protected the territorial integrity of member promotions. Prior to the 1960s it acted as the sole governing body for most of professional wrestling. It remained the largest and most influential body in wrestling until the mid-1980s by which time most of the original member promotions went out of business as a result of the World Wrestling Federation's (WWF, now WWE) national expansion.
<Canton_Bulldogs>	Ohio League (1903–1906, 1911–1919)National Football League (1920–1927)The Canton Bulldogs were a professional American football team, based in Canton, Ohio. They played in the Ohio League from 1903 to 1906 and 1911 to 1919, and the American Professional Football Association (later renamed the National Football League (NFL) in 1922), from 1920 to 1923, and again from 1925 to 1926. The Bulldogs won the 1916, 1917, and 1919 Ohio League championships. They were the NFL champions in 1922 and 1923. In 1921–1923, the Bulldogs played 25 straight games without a defeat (including 3 ties). This remains an NFL record.As a result of the Bulldogs' early success, along with the league being founded in the city, the Pro Football Hall of Fame is located in Canton. Jim Thorpe (Sac and Fox), the Olympian and renowned all-around athlete, was Canton's most-recognized player in the pre-NFL era.
<Ayhan_Şahenk>	Ayhan Şahenk (11 June 1929 – 1 April 2001) was a Turkish businessman and founder of the Doğuş Group.Father of the current chairman of  Dogus Holding Ferit Şahenk. Founded Doğuş Holding in 1950. Through his leadership company invested in the fields of construction, banking, communication, tourism, food and automotive.In 1992 he established a non-profit organization under his name, which focused on improvement on education.  Şahenk died on April 1, 2001 due to a heart attack. His final resting place is home town Niğde.
<Guram_Dochanashvili>	Guram Dochanashvili (Georgian: გურამ დოჩანაშვილი; 26 March 1939 – 3 April 2021) was a Georgian prose writer and historian by profession, who was popular for his short stories since the 1960s.Dochanashvili was born in Tbilisi, the capital of then-Soviet Georgia. Having graduated from the Tbilisi State University in 1962, he worked for the Institute of History, Archaeology and Ethnography, and participated in several archaeological expeditions from 1962 to 1975. He then managed the prose section of the literary magazine Mnatobi from 1975 to 1985. Since 1985, he has been a director-in-chief of the Gruziya-film studio.Dochanashvili debuted as a writer in 1961. He was immediately noted for his rejection of the Soviet literary dogmas of Socialist Realism, and his dissident views. Since then, he has published dozens of stories and novellas which won him a nationwide acclaim for their fairy-tale lightness and invention. His most popular work is the 1975 novel The First Garment (სამოსელი პირველი) based on the Holy Bible and story of the War of Canudos in 19th-century Brazil.
<Jean_Genet>	Jean Genet (French: [ʒɑ̃ ʒənɛ]; (1910-12-19)19 December 1910 – (1986-04-15)15 April 1986) was a French novelist, playwright, poet, essayist, and political activist. In his early life he was a vagabond and petty criminal, but he later became a writer and playwright. His major works include the novels The Thief's Journal and Our Lady of the Flowers and the plays The Balcony, The Maids and The Screens.Genet's mother was a prostitute who raised him for the first seven months of his life before placing him for adoption. Thereafter Genet was raised in the provincial town of Alligny-en-Morvan, in the Nièvre department of central France. His foster family was headed by a carpenter and, according to Edmund White's biography, was loving and attentive. While he received excellent grades in school, his childhood involved a series of attempts at running away and incidents of petty theft.
<DZ_Bank>	DZ Bank AG (German pronunciation: [deː ˈt͡sɛt baŋk aːɡeː] (listen)) is the second largest bank in Germany by asset size and the central institution for around 800 cooperative banks and their around 8,500 branch offices. Within the German Cooperative Financial Group, which is one of Germany's largest private sector financial service organizations, DZ Bank functions both as a central institution and as a corporate and investment bank. DZ Bank is an acronym for Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank (literally "German Central Cooperative Bank"). 
<Thor_Battering_the_Midgard_Serpent>	Thor Battering the Midgard Serpent is a 1790 painting by the Swiss artist Henry Fuseli. The nude and muscular Thor stands in Hymir's boat with the Jörmungandr on his fish hook. In the top left corner, the god Odin appears as an old man. It depicts one of the most popular myths in Germanic mythology, Thor's fishing trip, which was known to Fuseli through P. H. Mallet's 1755 book Introduction à l'histoire du Dannemarc, translated to English by Thomas Percy in 1770 as Northern Antiquities. The painting was Fuseli's diploma work for his election to the British Royal Academy of Arts in 1790.The subject has been interpreted in relation to Fuseli's support for the French Revolution, where the serpent could represent the Ancien Régime.
<The_Inspiration_Networks>	CrossRidge Center is a mixed-use development located in Indian Land, South Carolina. Development of the site can be traced back to 2003, when discussions first began. A major phase of development was announced in 2018.In 2003, the Lancaster County Economic Development Corp. began discussions to develop property in the unincorporated area called Indian Land, in that county. State relocation services were applied for, based on the fact it would provide several hundred jobs. The campus would be home to both non-profit enterprises and for-profit businesses.[citation needed]In 2018, the largest YMCA was announced to be constructed on the property. It broke ground in 2019 and opened a year later.
<Alexander_Marshall_Mackenzie>	Alexander Marshall MacKenzie (1 January 1848 – 4 May 1933) was a Scottish architect responsible for prestigious projects including the headquarters of the Isle of Man Banking Company in Douglas, and Australia House and the Waldorf Hotel in London.He received royal patronage with the design of Crathie Kirk (1893) and was subsequently chosen by the Duke and Duchess of Fife (the Prince of Wales's daughter Princess Louise) for the new (3rd) Mar Lodge (1895).
<Pamela_McCorduck>	Pamela Ann McCorduck (October 27, 1940 – October 18, 2021) was a British-born American author of books about the history and philosophical significance of artificial intelligence, the future of engineering, and the role of women and technology. She also wrote three novels. She contributed to Omni, The New York Times, Daedalus, and the Michigan Quarterly Review, and was a contributing editor of Wired. She was a former vice president of the PEN American Center. She was married to computer scientist and academic Joseph F. Traub.
<Identity_Thief>	Identity Thief is a 2013 American road comedy film directed by Seth Gordon, screenplay by Craig Mazin, story by Mazin and Jerry Eeten and starring Jason Bateman and Melissa McCarthy. The film tells the fictional story of Sandy Patterson, whose identity is stolen by an unnamed woman, Diana.The film received negative reception from critics, but was a commercial success, grossing over $174 million worldwide against a budget of $35 million.In Denver, Sandy Patterson buys identity theft protection from Diana, a con artist, over the phone and reveals all of his personal information. At work, after Sandy clashes with his obnoxious boss, Harold Cornish, he receives a phone call that reminds him he has an appointment at a salon in Florida. Confused, he puts it out of his mind when co-worker Daniel Casey suggests they and several others start their own firm; Sandy agrees to join them.
<Raquel_Diaz>	Shaul Marie Guerrero (born October 14, 1990) is an American professional wrestler, ring announcer and burlesque performer. She is best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), where she performed under the ring name Raquel Diaz. She is also a burlesque dancer under the stage name Miss Nyxon.In October 2010, Guerrero signed a developmental contract with WWE, and was assigned to Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW), WWE's developmental territory. In November 2011, Guerrero became the Queen of FCW, a title she held for 119 days, until it was deactivated. In December 2011, Guerrero won the FCW Divas Championship for the first time, and became the longest reigning FCW Divas Champion. In July 2012, Guerrero debuted in WWE's re-branded developmental territory, NXT, before leaving the company in April 2014.
<Meridiam>	Meridiam is a global investor and asset manager based in Paris specialized in developing, financing and managing long-term public infrastructure projects. Founded in 2005, Meridiam invests in public infrastructure in Europe, North America and Africa.Meridiam has offices in eleven countries (France, Luxembourg, United States, Canada, Turkey, Senegal, Austria, Ethiopia, Jordan, Gabon, South Africa ), manages $18 billion of assets and has to date invested in over a hundred transport, building and public services projects.Meridiam was established in 2005 by Thierry Déau, formerly Chief Executive of Egis Projects, a subsidiary of France’s Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations specialized in developing, financing and managing infrastructure projects.
<Torrey_DeVitto>	Torrey Joël DeVitto (born June 8, 1984) is an American actress and former fashion model. Her first starring role was as Karen Kerr on the ABC Family drama series Beautiful People (2005–2006). She followed this up with recurring roles as Carrie in The CW drama series One Tree Hill (2008–2009), as Melissa Hastings in the ABC Family/Freeform mystery drama series Pretty Little Liars (2010–2017), and as Dr. Meredith Fell in The CW fantasy drama series The Vampire Diaries (2012–2013). DeVitto went on to star as Maggie Hall in the final season of Lifetime's drama series Army Wives (2013) and as Dr. Natalie Manning in the NBC medical drama series Chicago Med (2015–2021).Torrey Joel DeVitto was born and raised in Huntington on Long Island, New York and Winter Park, Florida. Her parents are Mary and Liberty DeVitto; her father was a long-time drummer for Billy Joel. They met in 1983. DeVitto is of Italian descent, her paternal grandmother is from Naples while her paternal grandfather is from Sicily.
<Jean_Parker>	Jean Parker (born Lois May Green; August 11, 1915 – November 30, 2005) was an American film and stage actress. A native of Montana, indigent during the Great Depression, she was adopted by a family in Pasadena, California at age ten. She initially aspired to be an illustrator and artist, but was discovered at age 17 by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer executive Louis B. Mayer after a photograph of her was published in a Los Angeles newspaper when she won a poster contest.She made her feature film debut in the pre-code drama Divorce in the Family (1932), before being loaned to Columbia Pictures, who cast her in Frank Capra's Lady for a Day (1933). The same year, she starred as Elizabeth March in George Cukor's adaptation of Little Women opposite Katharine Hepburn, Joan Bennett, and Frances Dee. Subsequent roles included lead parts in the drama Sequoia (1934), and in the British comedy-fantasy The Ghost Goes West (1935).
<Raúl_Bravo>	Raúl Bravo Sanfélix (born 14 April 1981) is a Spanish footballer who plays for UD Beniopa. Mainly a left-back, he can also play in the centre.Having played in almost all the youth ranks at Real Madrid, he went on to have a six-year spell in the first team, where he almost always served as a backup; however, it was during that period that he reached the Spain national side, representing them at Euro 2004.
<Doris_Roberts>	Doris May Roberts (née  Green; November 4, 1925 – April 17, 2016) was an American actress whose career spanned seven decades of television and film. She received five Emmy Awards and a Screen Actors Guild award during her acting career, which began in 1951.Roberts studied acting at The Neighborhood Playhouse School of the Theatre in New York City and started in films in 1961. She had several prominent roles in movies, including playing opposite Shirley Stoler in The Honeymoon Killers (1970), Elliott Gould in Little Murders (1971), Steven Keats in Hester Street (1975), Billy Crystal in Rabbit Test (1978), Robert Carradine in Number One with a Bullet (1987), and Cady McClain in Simple Justice (1989), among many others.
<Paoli_Dam>	Paoli Dam (born 1980) is an Indian actress who started her career with the Bengali television serial Jibon Niye Khela (2003). She then worked in Bengali television serials such as Tithir Atithi and Sonar Harin; the former ran for six years on ETV Bangla.Dam spent her childhood in Kolkata, earning a postgraduate degree in chemistry from Rajabazar Science College. Initially, she wanted to become a chemical researcher or a pilot.Her debut Bengali film—Teen Yaari Katha, directed by Sudeshna Roy and Abhijit Guha—began in 2004, but was not released until 2012. Dam's first film release was Agnipariksha, directed by Ravi Kinagi. Between 2006 and 2009, she appeared in five Bengali films, coming into prominence with the 2009 Kaalbela, directed by Goutam Ghose.In 2011, she received international recognition for her role in the Bengali film Chatrak. The film was screened at the Cannes Film Festival and also at film festivals in Toronto and the U.K. In 2012, Dam made her Bollywood debut in Hate Story and also appeared in Vikram Bhatt's Ankur Arora Murder Case, directed by Sohail Tatari. She won the Viewers' Choice Award for Best Actress for her performance in Natoker Moto at the Hyderabad Bengali Film Festival in 2016.
<Wollaston_Medal>	The Wollaston Medal is a scientific award for geology, the highest award granted by the Geological Society of London.The medal is named after William Hyde Wollaston, and was first awarded in 1831. It was originally made of gold (1831–1845), then palladium, a metal discovered by Wollaston (1846–1860).  Next in gold again (1861–1929) and then in palladium again (1930–present).Source:Geological Society
<Baldwin_&_Pennington>	Baldwin & Pennington was the architectural partnership with Ephraim Francis Baldwin (1837-1916) and Josias Pennington (1854-1929) based in Baltimore, Maryland. The firm designed an incredibly large number of prominent structures throughout the Middle Atlantic region, especially as the "house architects" of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, including many of its stations and other late 19th century structures for the railroad. Several of their works are listed on the United States' National Register of Historic Places, maintained by the National Park Service of the U.S. Department of the Interior.Works include (with attribution):
<Natalie_Talmadge>	Natalie Talmadge (April 29, 1896 – June 19, 1969) was an American silent film actress who was the wife of Buster Keaton, and sister of the movie stars Norma and Constance Talmadge. She retired from acting in 1923.Talmadge was born in Brooklyn, New York to Margaret L. "Peg" and Frederick O. Talmadge. She was the younger sister of Norma Talmadge and the older sister of Constance Talmadge, both of whom became successful film actresses.She appeared in D.W. Griffith's Intolerance (1916), The Passion Flower (1921) with her sister Norma, and Buster Keaton's Our Hospitality (1923), her final film appearance.
<James_Irvine_(chemist)>	Sir James Colquhoun Irvine KBE JP PhD (Leipzig) DL DSc BSc FRS FRSE FEIS (9 May 1877 – 12 June 1952) was a British organic chemist and Principal and Vice-Chancellor of the University of St Andrews from 1921 until his death. As a research chemist, Irvine worked on the application of methylation techniques to carbohydrates, and isolated the first methylated sugars, trimethyl and tetramethyl glucose.Irvine was born in Glasgow to factory-owner John Irvine (a manufacturer of light-castings) and Mary Paton Colquhoun. He was educated at Allan Glen's School.
<Valeri_Simeonov>	Valeri Simeonov Simeonov (Bulgarian: Валери Симеонов Симеонов; born 14 March 1955) is a Bulgarian politician who is one of the leaders and founding members of the National Front for the Salvation of Bulgaria.Born in Dolni Chiflik, Simeonov has a degree in electrical engineering from TU-Sofia.
<Robert_W._Decker>	Robert Wayne Decker (Williamsport, Pennsylvania, 11 March 1927 – Mariposa, California, 11 June 2005) was an American volcanologist.He attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and received his BS degree in 1949 and his MS in 1951.  He continued his graduate studies at the Colorado School of Mines and received his DS in 1953 on the geology of the Independence Range in northern Elko County, Nevada. He worked for Bethlehem Steel in Venezuela 1949–50), New World Exploration Company (1951–54), University of Illinois (1954), Dartmouth College (1954–79) and Hawaiian Volcano Observatory (1979–84). He moved to California in 1984. He established the Center for the Study of Active Volcanoes (CSAV) at the University of Hawaii at Hilo in 1989.He was president of the International Association of Volcanology and Chemistry of the Earth's Interior (IAVCEI, 1975–79).
<John_Harvey_Kellogg>	Divisions John Harvey Kellogg (February 26, 1852 – December 14, 1943) was an American medical doctor, nutritionist, inventor, health activist, eugenicist, and businessman. He was the director of the Battle Creek Sanitarium in Battle Creek, Michigan. The sanitarium was founded by members of the Seventh-Day Adventist Church. It combined aspects of a European spa, a hydrotherapy institution, a hospital and high-class hotel. Kellogg treated the rich and famous, as well as the poor who could not afford other hospitals. Several popular misconceptions falsely attribute various cultural practices, inventions, and historical events to Kellogg.
<S.C._Beira-Mar>	Sport Clube Beira-Mar (Portuguese pronunciation: [sɨˈpɔɾ ˈklub(ɨ) ˈbɐjɾɐ ˈmaɾ]) is a Portuguese sports club based in Aveiro, Portugal. Its football team currently plays in the Campeonato de Portugal, the fourth national level, having gained promotion by winning the Aveiro FA First Division 2018/19 championship season. The old Estádio Mário Duarte was the home ground from 1935 until 2019. From 2020, SC Beira-Mar plays home matches at Estádio Municipal de Aveiro. The club also has futsal, basketball, boxing, judo, handball, billiards, athletics, and paintball departments.Famous Portuguese players who have represented the club include Eusébio, António Veloso, and António Sousa. All three players have regularly been chosen for the Portugal national team and have played for the biggest clubs in the country—the former two with Benfica and the latter with both Porto and Sporting CP. After becoming a manager, Sousa also coached the team, guiding it to win the 1999 Taça de Portugal. Sport Clube Beira-Mar is a very representative club in the Centro Region.Beira-Mar was founded on 1 January 1922. It first reached the top division in 1961, only lasting one season. Subsequently, Beira-Mar reached the top flight several times enjoying a spell lasting from 1971 to 1974. In the 1976–77 campaign, former S.L. Benfica and Portugal legend Eusébio signed up to play for Beira-Mar, requesting to be excluded in all matches against S.L. Benfica. Injuries prevented him from being fielded regularly, and the campaign ended in relegation.
<Julia_Louis-Dreyfus>	Julia Scarlett Elizabeth Louis-Dreyfus (/ˈluːi ˈdraɪfəs/ LOO-ee-DRY-fəss;  born January 13, 1961) is an American actress, comedian, and producer who worked on the comedy television series Saturday Night Live (1982–1985), Seinfeld (1989–1998), The New Adventures of Old Christine (2006–2010), and Veep (2012–2019). She is one of the most award-winning actresses in American television history, having received more Primetime Emmy Awards and more Screen Actors Guild Awards than any other performer, tying Cloris Leachman (with eight) for the most acting wins.Louis-Dreyfus broke into comedy as a performer in The Practical Theatre Company in Chicago, Illinois, which led to her casting in the sketch show Saturday Night Live from 1982 to 1985. Her breakthrough came in 1990 with a nine-season run playing Elaine Benes on Seinfeld, one of the most critically and commercially successful sitcoms of all time. Her other television roles include Christine Campbell in The New Adventures of Old Christine, which had a five-season run on CBS; and Selina Meyer in Veep, which ran for seven seasons on HBO. Her film roles include Hannah and Her Sisters (1986), National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation (1989), Deconstructing Harry (1997), and Enough Said (2013). She has also performed voice roles in the animated films A Bug's Life (1998), Planes (2013), and Onward (2020), and has played Valentina Allegra de Fontaine in the Marvel Cinematic Universe since 2021.
<Aldershot_Town_F.C.>	Aldershot Town Football Club is a professional association football club based in Aldershot, Hampshire, England. The team competes in the National League, the fifth tier of the English football league system. The club was founded in the spring of 1992 after the closure of debt-ridden Fourth Division club Aldershot. Aldershot Town play at the Recreation Ground, which had also been the home ground of the previous club.Initially placed in the Isthmian League Third Division, Aldershot Town won the league in their debut 1992–93 season and won promotion out of the Second Division the following season. They won the First Division title in 1997–98 and the Premier Division in 2002–03 to gain a place in the Conference. They spent five seasons in the Conference, losing twice in the play-offs, before winning promotion into the Football League as Conference National and Conference League Cup champions under Gary Waddock's stewardship in 2007–08. They spent five seasons in League Two, reaching the play-offs in 2010, though were relegated back into non-league football and entered administration in May 2013. They reached the National League play-offs in 2017 and 2018.
<Ernst_Anschütz>	Ernst Gebhard Salomon Anschütz (28 October 1780 in Goldlauter near Suhl, Electorate of Saxony – 18 December 1861 (other sources: 11 December 1861) in Leipzig) was a German teacher, organist, poet, and composer. He is also known for his account of the death of Johann Christian Woyzeck [de] in 1824 (see: Georg Büchner's play Woyzeck). Anschütz worked as a teacher in Leipzig for 50 years.This article about a poet from Germany is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Open_University>	The Open University (OU) is a British public research university and the largest university in the United Kingdom by number of students. The majority of the OU's undergraduate students are based in the United Kingdom and principally study off-campus; many of its courses (both undergraduate and postgraduate) can also be studied anywhere in the world. There are also a number of full-time postgraduate research students based on the 48-hectare university campus in Milton Keynes, where they use the OU facilities for research, as well as more than 1,000 members of academic and research staff and over 2,500 administrative, operational and support staff.The OU was established in 1969 and was initially based at Alexandra Palace, north London, using the television studios and editing facilities which had been vacated by the BBC. The first students enrolled in January 1971. The university administration is now based at Walton Hall, Milton Keynes, in Buckinghamshire, but has administration centres in other parts of the United Kingdom. It also has a presence in other European countries. The university awards undergraduate and postgraduate degrees, as well as non-degree qualifications such as diplomas and certificates or continuing education units. It also offers unique Open Degrees, in which students may study any combination of modules across all subjects.
<CDG_Capital>	CDG Capital S.A. is a Moroccan investment bank founded in 2006. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Moroccan Caisse de dépôt et de gestion (CDG).CDG Capital is a wholly owned subsidiary of Caisse de dépôt et de gestion (CDG), created in February 2006 as part of CDG's strategy of decentralising business units, with the aim of providing a sounder legal and statutory operating framework for the group of companies.[citation needed] In 2014, Fitch Ratings gave the company a "highest standards" Asset Manager rating.Figures for 2010
<Jóan_Símun_Edmundsson>	Jóan Símun Edmundsson (born 26 July 1991) is a Faroese professional footballer who plays for Belgian club Beveren and the Faroe Islands national team.Edmundsson started his career with B68 Toftir.
<Alpha_Bank_Srbija>	Jubanka (Serbian Cyrillic: Јубанка), formerly known as Alpha Bank Srbija, was a commercial bank based in Belgrade, Serbia. In December 2017, following the purchase in April 2017, it merged into AIK Banka.The bank was founded in 1991 as Jubanka and was the fifth-largest bank in Serbia as of 2005. On 26 January 2005, Greek Alpha Bank officially agreed the purchase of an 88.64% stake in Serbian Jubanka. By June 2005, its name was changed to Alpha Bank Beograd.In April 2017, AIK Banka (majority owned by MK Group) purchased 100% of shares of the company, and reverted its former name Jubanka. On 22 December 2017, Jubanka has completed the process of merging into AIK Banka and more than 800 of its employees have left the company from June until December 2017. Since 25 December 2017, Jubanka operates under name AIK Banka. Also, housing and cash loans to citizens, as well as credit card debt, took Société Générale Srbija.
<Fritz_Schumacher_(architect)>	Fritz Schumacher (4 November 1869 – 5 November 1947) was a German architect and urban designer.Schumacher was born into a diplomatic family in Bremen in 1869. The family Schumacher has been living there since 15th century.He spent his childhood in Bogotá, Colombia (1872–74) and in New York (1875–83). After studying in Munich and Berlin, in 1901 Schumacher became a professor for interior design at the technical university in Dresden.  He constructed many municipal buildings there, often with former student and architectural sculptor Richard Kuöhl.   
<Central_railway_station,_Sydney>	Central is a heritage-listed railway station located in the centre of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. The station is the largest and busiest railway station in Australia and serves as a major transport interchange for NSW TrainLink inter-city rail services, Sydney Trains commuter rail services, Sydney light rail services, bus services, and private coach transport services. The station is also known as Sydney Terminal (Platforms 1 to 12). The property was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999. It recorded 85.4 million passenger movements in 2018.Central station occupies a large city block separating Haymarket, Surry Hills and the central business district, bounded by Railway Square and Pitt Street in the west, Eddy Avenue in the north, Elizabeth Street in the east and the Devonshire Street Tunnel in the south. Parts of the station and marshalling yards extend as far south as Cleveland Street, and are located on the site of the former Devonshire Street Cemetery.
<Timoleon_Vieta_Come_Home>	Timoleon Vieta Come Home: A Sentimental Journey (2003) is a novel by British author Dan Rhodes, a parody of the classic Lassie Come Home film. It was Rhodes' first novel, and won the 2003 Author's Club First Novel Award. It has been translated into at least 20 languages.The novel centres around Timoleon Vieta, a little mongrel dog with black and white patches of fur and eyes that are describes as being as pretty as a girl's. Timoleon lives with Cockcroft, a retired, gay composer, who lives in a run-down farmhouse in Umbria financed by the occasional royalties he receives from the theme tunes he wrote. He reminisces about his failed career and former lovers, but is surprised when a man claiming to be a Bosnian shows up at his door with a business card he says Cockcroft gave him in a bar in Florence; Cockcroft often has such drunken weekends when he attempts to pick up men.
<Edwin_Hubble>	Edwin Powell Hubble (November 20, 1889 – September 28, 1953) was an American astronomer. He played a crucial role in establishing the fields of extragalactic astronomy and observational cosmology.
<Marvin_Kratter>	Marvin Kratter (born November 9, 1915, in Brooklyn, died October 24, 1999, in Encinitas, California) was a New York-based real estate developer who was the head of the Kratter Corporation, National Equities, Countrywide Realty, Knickerbocker Brewery, Rom-American Pharmaceuticals, and the Boston Celtics.Born to a Jewish family, Kratter graduated from Brooklyn College (1937) and Brooklyn Law School (1939). Kratter started his career as a certified public accountant in New York City. He moved to Tucson, Arizona in the 1930s and he started a dude ranch, Rancho del Rio Estates, in 1945. Kratter's ranch went bankrupt in 1949 and he moved back to New York City, where he became one of the first to practice real estate syndication.In 1956, Kratter bought Ebbets Field from Brooklyn Dodgers owner Walter O'Malley. He leased Ebbets Field back to O'Malley until the team left for Los Angeles after the 1957 season.
<Luís_Filipe_(Portuguese_footballer)>	Luís Filipe Ângelo Rodrigues Fernandes (born 14 June 1979), known as Luís Filipe, is a Portuguese former footballer who played mainly as a defender but also as a midfielder, always on the right side.He amassed Primeira Liga totals of 269 games and 14 goals over 16 seasons, representing in the competition Académica, Braga (two spells), Sporting, União de Leiria, Marítimo, Benfica, Vitória de Guimarães and Olhanense.
<Believe/Kumorinochi,_Kaisei>	"Believe" / "Kumorinochi, Kaisei" (Believe/曇りのち、快晴, Believe/Cloudy to Nice Weather) is a single released by Japanese boy band Arashi. It was released on March 4, 2009 through their record label J Storm. "Believe" was used as the theme song for the Takashi Miike movie Yatterman starring Arashi member Sho Sakurai, and "Kumorinochi Kaisei" was used as the theme song for the drama Uta no Oniisan (歌のおにいさん, Brother of Songs) starring member Satoshi Ohno. The single was released in three editions: a regular edition containing a bonus track and instrumental versions of all the songs released in the single, and two limited edition both containing a DVD with a music video of one of the A-side tracks."Believe" is the group's first single to have two music videos: a live action and an animated version. The animated video was released on Dwango by animation studio Tatsunoko and the group's record label J Storm. It was later re-released as a bonus in the group's 10th anniversary DVD 5x10 All the Best! Clips 1999-2009 on October 28, 2009. In the animated video, the members transformed into characters from Tatsunoko's Time Bokan anime series. The live action is included in one of the limited editions of the single.For "Kumorinochi, Kaisei", Ohno sang the track solo and released it under his drama character's name, Kenta Yano (矢野健太, Yano Kenta). The song was also named Best Theme Song in the 60th Television Drama Academy Awards.
<Barbara_Bain>	Barbara Bain (born Mildred Fogel; September 13, 1931) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Cinnamon Carter on the action television series Mission: Impossible (1966–1969), which earned her three Primetime Emmy Awards, as well as a Golden Globe Award nomination. She also starred as Dr. Helena Russell on the British-Italian coproduction science fiction television series Space: 1999 (1975–1977). Bain has also appeared in the films Animals with the Tollkeeper (1998), Panic (2000), Forget Me Not (2009) and On the Rocks (2020).Bain was born Mildred Fogel in Chicago, Illinois, the daughter of Russian-Jewish immigrants. She graduated from the University of Illinois with a bachelor's degree in sociology. Developing an interest in dance, she moved to New York City, where she studied alongside Martha Graham.  Dissatisfied with her career as a dancer, she went into modeling; jobs with Vogue, Harper's, and other publications followed.
<David_Kurtz_(composer)>	David Kurtz is an American film score composer who has won Daytime Emmy Awards for his work on The Bold and the Beautiful and The Young and the Restless. As of June 2010[update] he was a member of the Yale School of Music Board of Visitors. He is a member of ASCAP.Daytime Emmys
<Daniel_Lapaine>	Daniel Lapaine (born 15 June 1971) is an Australian stage, film and television actor, currently residing in London.[citation needed] He also works as a writer and director.Born in Sydney, New South Wales to an Italian father and an Australian mother, Lapaine graduated from the National Institute of Dramatic Art (NIDA) in 1992. He first came to prominence in 1994 when he played the South African swimmer David Van Arckle in P. J. Hogan's Muriel's Wedding. Since then he has worked internationally in film, theatre, and television and is now based in London.
<Prince_Constantijn_of_the_Netherlands>	Princess Beatrix *Princess Margriet *Professor Pieter van Vollenhoven *
<James_Cullen_Martin>	 James Cullen Martin (January 14, 1928 – April 20, 1999) was an American chemist. Known in the field as "J.C.", he specialized in physical organic chemistry with an emphasis on main group element chemistry.Martin received his undergraduate and master's degree at Vanderbilt University.  His PhD work was conducted with Paul Bartlett at Harvard.  Most of his professional career was at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, where he was a colleague of Roger Adams, Speed Marvel, David Y. Curtin, Nelson J. Leonard, and Reynold C. Fuson.  Late in his career, he moved back to Vanderbilt, but soon succumbed to poor health.Professor Martin is best known for his work on bonding of main group elements.  He is responsible for the hexafluorocumyl alcohol derived "Martin" bidentate ligand and a tridentate analog. With his doctoral student Daniel Benjamin Dess, he invented the Dess–Martin periodinane that is used for selective oxidation of alcohols. He is also known for the creation of the Martin's sulfurane.  His later work included studies of the hexaiodobenzene dication that indicated σ-delocalization ("aromaticity") between the iodine atoms.
<Luiza_Erundina>	Luiza Erundina de Sousa (Portuguese pronunciation: [luˈizɐ ɛrũˈdjinɐ dʒi ˈsowzɐ]; November 30, 1934) is a Brazilian politician, born in Uiraúna, a small city in the interior of the Brazilian state of Paraíba.From 1980 to 1997 she was affiliated with the PT party (Workers’ Party). In 1997 she changed to the PSB party. Due to disagreements within PSB that decided to support the impeachment process against president Dilma Rousseff, Erundina switched to party PSOL in March 2016.Erundina served on the São Paulo city council from 1983–1987. From 1987–1988 she was a state deputy for the state of São Paulo. She was São Paulo's mayor from 1989 to 1992, and is currently a federal deputy from São Paulo. She was re-elected in 2002 and again in 2006, in 2010, in 2014 and in 2018.
<Alexander_Agassiz_Medal>	The Alexander Agassiz Medal is awarded every three years by the U.S. National Academy of Sciences for an original contribution in the science of oceanography. It was established in 1911 by Sir John Murray in honor of his friend, the scientist Alexander Agassiz. Source: National Academy of SciencesThe information in the table is according to the Alexander Agassiz Medal web page at the official website of the National Academy of Sciences unless otherwise specified by additional citations.
<Autzen_Stadium>	Former capacity:Autzen Stadium is an outdoor football stadium in the northwest United States, in Eugene, Oregon. Located north of the University of Oregon campus, it is the home field of the Oregon Ducks of the Pac-12 Conference. Opened 55 years ago in 1967, the stadium has undergone several expansions. The official seating capacity is presently 54,000, however, the actual attendance regularly exceeds that figure.
<Herbie_Mann's_African_Suite>	Herbie Mann's African Suite (also released as St. Thomas) is an album by American jazz flautist Herbie Mann recorded in 1959 and first released on the United Artists label. The album was originally released under Johnny Rae's leadership due to Mann's contractual relationship with Verve Records.AllMusic awarded the album 2 stars.All compositions by Herbie Mann except as indicated
<John_Lasseter>	John Alan Lasseter (/ˈlæsətər/; born January 12, 1957) is an American film director, producer, screenwriter, animator, voice actor, and the head of animation at Skydance Animation. He was previously the chief creative officer of Pixar Animation Studios, Walt Disney Animation Studios, and Disneytoon Studios, as well as the Principal Creative Advisor for Walt Disney Imagineering.Lasseter began his career as an animator with The Walt Disney Company. After being fired from Disney for promoting computer animation, he joined Lucasfilm, where he worked on then-groundbreaking use of CGI animation. The Graphics Group of the Computer Division of Lucasfilm was sold to Steve Jobs and became Pixar in 1986. Lasseter oversaw all of Pixar's films and associated projects as executive producer. In addition, he directed Toy Story (1995), A Bug's Life (1998), Toy Story 2 (1999), Cars (2006), and Cars 2 (2011). From 2006 to 2018, Lasseter also oversaw all of Walt Disney Animation Studios' (and its division Disneytoon Studios') films and associated projects as executive producer.
<Karl_Friedrich_Schinkel>	Karl Friedrich Schinkel (13 March 1781 – 9 October 1841) was a Prussian architect, city planner and painter who also designed furniture and stage sets. Schinkel was one of the most prominent architects of Germany and designed both neoclassical and neogothic buildings. His most famous buildings are found in and around Berlin.Schinkel was born in Neuruppin, Margraviate of Brandenburg. When he was six, his father died in the disastrous Neuruppin fire of 1787. He became a student of architect Friedrich Gilly (1772–1800) (the two became close friends) and his father, David Gilly, in Berlin. At that time, the architectural taste in Prussia was shaped in neoclassical style, mainly by Carl Gotthard Langhans, the architect of the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin.
<John_Bell_(Tennessee_politician)>	John Bell (February 18, 1796 – September 10, 1869) was an American politician, attorney, and planter who was a candidate for President of the United States in the election of 1860.One of Tennessee's most prominent antebellum politicians, Bell served in the House of Representatives from 1827 to 1841, and in the Senate from 1847 to 1859.  He was Speaker of the House for the 23rd Congress (1834–1835), and briefly served as Secretary of War during the administration of William Henry Harrison (1841).  In 1860, he ran for president as the candidate of the Constitutional Union Party, a third party which took a neutral stance on the issue of slavery. and won the electoral votes of three states.
<Baltimore_Country_Club>	Baltimore Country Club is a private club in Baltimore, Maryland, with two campuses, one in the city's Roland Park neighborhood and the other in the north suburb of Lutherville. It is one of only twelve clubs nationwide to operate two campuses. The club was founded on January 13, 1898, and hosted the U.S. Open the following year. Its original golf course at the Roland Park campus was the first 18-hole course built in the state of Maryland. The USGA lists Baltimore Country Club as one of the first 100 clubs established in the United States.The club has hosted a U.S. Open, a PGA Championship, a Walker Cup, a U.S. Men's Amateur, a U.S. Women's Open, and a Senior PGA Tour Major - one of only two clubs in the country to do so. In addition to its two golf courses, BCC operates outdoor tennis, pickleball, platform tennis, single & doubles squash, three swimming pools, a duckpin bowling alley, two fitness centers, and dining at both clubhouses. In 2013, Links magazine named Baltimore Country Club as one of the 100 Most Prestigious Clubs in the World. Its East Course at the Five Farms location was ranked 75th best course in the United States by Golf Magazine in 2020. The club was also named in 2020 a Platinum Country Club in America and was ranked 47th.
<Pierre_Chenal>	Pierre Chenal (French: [ʃənal]; 5 December 1904 – 23 December 1990) was a French director and screenwriter who flourished in the 1930s. He was married to Czech-born French film actress Florence Marly from 1937 to 1955.Chenal was best known for film noir thrillers such as the 1937 film L'Alibi, where he worked with Erich von Stroheim and Louis Jouvet. In 1939 he made Le Dernier Tournant, the first of many film treatments of James M. Cain's celebrated novel, The Postman Always Rings Twice.Chenal was Jewish and was forced in 1942 to flee occupied France with his wife, Czech actress Florence Marly, for South America. He made a number of films while living in Argentina and more in France after the war; but his post-war work never achieved the success and popularity of his pre-war efforts.
<Neville_Southall>	Neville Southall MBE (born 16 September 1958) is a Welsh former international footballer. He has been described as one of the best goalkeepers of his generation and won the FWA Footballer of the Year award in 1985.He joined Bury from Winsford United for a £6,000 fee in 1980, and turned professional in his early 20s after a number of years as a semi-professional and amateur player. During his teenage years he worked as a binman, waiter and hod carrier. He moved on to Everton for £150,000 in 1981 and established himself as the club's first-choice goalkeeper by the 1983–84 season. He went on to make a club record 578 appearances in the English Football League and Premier League (750 in all competitions); his honours with the club consist of a European Cup Winners' Cup medal in 1985, a First Division championship medal in 1984–85 and 1986–87, an FA Cup winners medal in 1984 and 1995, and an FA Charity Shield winners medal in 1984, 1985, and 1995. He also played in the 1985 and 1989 FA Cup finals, the League Cup final in 1984, and helped Everton to a second place in the league in 1985–86. After leaving Everton in 1998, he became Torquay United's regular goalkeeper for two years. He also made a handful of appearances for numerous other clubs.
<Somain-Péruwelz_Railway>	The Somain to Péruwelz railway was one of the first railways in France. It opened in October 1838, linking Abscon in the department du Nord with Saint Waast-la-Haut. It was gradually extended, and by 1874 it linked Somain in France with Péruwelz in Belgium. At its peak, the line had a length of 25 miles.The line was opened in sections:
<Dou_Wei>	Dou Wei is a Chinese musician, singer-songwriter and composer.Dou Wei is a multi-instrumentalist and produces music across many genres. He first came to prominence as a member of the hard rock group Black Panther (Hei Bao, 黑豹). In the album Sunny Days and Mountain River, Dou Wei explored new frontiers in electronic and ambience.[citation needed] From there on, Dou Wei's music took the direction of ambience, folk and post-rock. His two last vocal album Acousma and Rainy Murmur with the E band drew influence from the UK post-rock group Bark Psychosis.
<William_W._Church>	William Wells Church (December 17, 1874 – March 28, 1966) was an American football player and coach. A native of Chicago, he played college football at Princeton University, where he was selected as an All-American at tackle in 1896. He served as the head football coach at Purdue University for one season, in 1897, and at Georgetown University for two seasons, in 1899 and 1901, compiling a career college football record of 5–3–1. Church participated in early professional football: He played tackle for the Duquesne Country and Athletic Club in 1898 and the Homestead Library & Athletic Club in 1900, also coaching the latter team. He married Mary Myrtle Brock in 1902.He later resided in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, where he died in 1966.# denotes interim head coach
<Udhao>	Udhao (Bengali: উধাও; English: Runaway) is a 2013 Bangladeshi film directed and written by Amit Ashraf. It was released on September 28 on Star Cineplex and in October 4 commercially in around five cinemas. The film has brought home seven international awards and grants. The casts of the film includes Shahed Ali and Shakil Ahmed in the role of two protagonists – Babu and Akbar respectively – along with Animesh Aich, Ritu Sattar, Quazi Nawshaba Ahmed, Shahin Akhtar Swarna, Saiful Islam and Ithila Islam.No song is added to the film as a separate item. There are only two folk numbers by Fakir Laal Mia that the actors sometimes hum keeping natural flow of the plot. Visitors at the Cineplex welcomed the director and spoke highly of the production."It was wonderful. Good story and good execution of the story," said popular singer Anusheh Anadil. "Among the actors Shahed Ali in the role of Babu and Shakil Ahmed in the role of Akbar were brilliant," said Kollol Kumar, a visitor. The film is the debutant production of Kazi House Productions.
<Clube_de_Regatas_do_Flamengo>	Clube de Regatas do Flamengo (Brazilian Portuguese: [ˈklubi dʒi ʁeˈɡataʒ du flaˈmẽɡu]; English: Flamengo Rowing Club), more commonly referred to as simply Flamengo, is a Brazilian sports club based in Rio de Janeiro, in the neighborhood of Gávea, best known for their professional football team that plays in Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, as well as Campeonato Carioca.The club was first established in 1895 specifically as a rowing club and did not play their first official football match until 1912. Flamengo's traditional uniform features red and black striped shirts with white shorts, and red and black striped socks. Flamengo has typically played their home matches in the Maracanã, the national stadium of Brazil, since its completion in 1950, with some exceptions in recent years. Since 1969, the vulture (Portuguese: urubu) has been the most recognized mascot of Flamengo.
<Helen_Hunt>	Helen Elizabeth Hunt (born June 15, 1963) is an American actress and director. She is the recipient of numerous accolades, including an Academy Award, four Primetime Emmy Awards, and four Golden Globe Awards.Hunt rose to fame portraying Jamie Buchman in the sitcom Mad About You (1992–1999, 2019), which earned her three Golden Globe Awards for Best Actress in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy and four Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series.
<Gabriel_Macht>	Gabriel Swann Macht (born January 22, 1972) is an American actor and film producer, known for portraying Harvey Specter in the USA Network series Suits (2011–2019) and the title character in the 2008 superhero film The Spirit.Macht was born in The Bronx, New York City, to Jewish parents. He is the son of Suzanne Victoria Pulier, a museum curator and archivist, and actor Stephen Macht. He has three siblings: Jesse, a musician (who appeared on The Next Great American Band), Ari Serbin, and Julie. Macht was raised in California from the age of five. After graduating from Beverly Hills High School, he attended Carnegie Mellon College of Fine Arts, where he graduated in 1994. During his time at Carnegie Mellon, he became a member of Delta Upsilon fraternity.
<Barbara_Follett_(politician)>	Daphne Barbara Follett (née  Hubbard; born 25 December 1942) is a British Labour Party politician who served as Member of Parliament (MP) for Stevenage from 1997 to 2010. During this time she held several parliamentary and ministerial positions.In the decade before entering Parliament she played a major part in transformation of the Labour Party, firstly by making members more aware of their visual impact on voters and secondly by co-founding and running two organisations, Labour Women's Network and Emily's List UK, which spearheaded reforms that helped Labour to return a record 101 women to Parliament in 1997.
<X-COM>	XCOM (originally called X-COM) is a science fiction video game franchise featuring an elite international organization tasked with countering alien invasions of Earth. The series began with the strategy video game X-COM: UFO Defense created by Julian Gollop's Mythos Games and MicroProse in 1994. The original lineup by MicroProse included six published and at least two canceled games, as well as two novels. The X-COM series, in particular its original entry, achieved a sizable cult following and has influenced many other video games; including the creation of a number of clones, spiritual successors, and unofficial remakes.A reboot series was published by 2K Games, beginning with the strategy video game XCOM: Enemy Unknown, developed by Firaxis Games and released in 2012 to critical and commercial success. It was followed by the prequel The Bureau: XCOM Declassified and the sequels XCOM 2 and XCOM: Chimera Squad.The X-COM core series consisted of four main games published by MicroProse: UFO: Enemy Unknown (also known as X-COM: UFO Defense, PC and Amiga in 1994, Sony PlayStation in 1995), X-COM: Terror from the Deep (PC in 1995, PlayStation in 1996), X-COM: Apocalypse (PC in 1997) and X-COM: Interceptor (PC in 1998). The premise of the franchise is that an alien invasion beginning in 1999 prompts the creation of a clandestine paramilitary organization codenamed X-COM (an abbreviation of "Extraterrestrial Combat") by a coalition of funding nations. The player is charged with leading this force and tasked to secretly engage and research the alien threat. The sequels, against new alien invasions, are set underwater (Terror from the Deep, set in 2040), in a futuristic megacity (Apocalypse, set in 2084), and in space (Interceptor, set in 2067 and making it a prequel to Apocalypse).
<Fei-Fei_Li>	Fei-Fei Li (simplified Chinese: 李飞飞; traditional Chinese: 李飛飛; born 1976) is an American computer scientist. She is the Sequoia Capital Professor of Computer Science at Stanford University. Li is a Co-Director of the Stanford Institute for Human-Centered Artificial Intelligence, and a Co-Director of the Stanford Vision and Learning Lab. She served as the director of the Stanford Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (SAIL) from 2013 to 2018.In 2017, she co-founded AI4ALL, a nonprofit organization working to increase diversity and inclusion in the field of artificial intelligence. Her research expertise includes artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning, deep learning, computer vision and cognitive neuroscience. She was the leading scientist and principal investigator of ImageNet.
<Amarcord>	Amarcord (Italian: [amarˈkɔrd]) is a 1973 comedy-drama film directed by Federico Fellini, a semi-autobiographical tale about Titta, an adolescent boy growing up among an eccentric cast of characters in the village of Borgo San Giuliano (situated near the ancient walls of Rimini) in 1930s Fascist Italy. The film's title is a univerbation of the Romagnol phrase a m'arcôrd ("I remember"). The title then became a neologism of the Italian language, with the meaning of "nostalgic revocation". The central role of Titta is based on Fellini's childhood friend from Rimini, Luigi Titta Benzi. Benzi became a lawyer and remained in close contact with Fellini throughout his life.Titta's sentimental education is emblematic of Italy's "lapse of conscience". Fellini skewers Mussolini's ludicrous posturings and those of a Catholic Church that "imprisoned Italians in a perpetual adolescence" by mocking himself and his fellow villagers in comic scenes that underline their incapacity to adopt genuine moral responsibility or outgrow foolish sexual fantasies.
<Antonio_Sacre>	Antonio Sacre (born September 23, 1968) is an American author, solo performer, and storyteller. He writes and performs internationally, in English and Spanish.Sacre was born in Boston, Massachusetts to an Irish American mother and Cuban father. He earned a BA in English from Boston College and an MA in Theater Arts from Northwestern University.
<Jonathan_Jackson_(actor)>	Jonathan Stevens Jackson (born May 11, 1982) is an American actor, musician, and author. He is best known for his role as Lucky Spencer in the television soap opera General Hospital (1993–1999, 2009–2011, 2015), which won him five Daytime Emmy Awards. He is also known for his roles in the films The Deep End of the Ocean (1999), Tuck Everlasting (2002), Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights (2004), and Riding the Bullet (2004), as well as the television series Nashville (2012–2018), for which he received a Critics' Choice Television Award nomination.Jackson was born in Orlando, Florida, the son of Jeanine (née Sharp), an amateur ventriloquist and businesswoman, and Dr. Rick "Ricky Lee" Jackson, a family physician, country musician and Congressional candidate in the state of Washington. Jackson was raised in Battle Ground, Washington, with his brother Richard Lee Jackson, now an actor and musician, and his sister Candice Jackson, now a lawyer, author, and official in the Trump administration. Jonathan attended Meadow Glade Elementary School.
<229_West_43rd_Street>	229 West 43rd Street (formerly The New York Times Building, The New York Times Annex, and the Times Square Building) is an 18-story office building in the Theater District of Midtown Manhattan in New York City.
<Brandon_Douglas>	Brandon Douglas (born June 21, 1968) is an American actor. He first came to prominence in the television series Falcon Crest, in which he played Ben Agretti during the 1988–1989 season. He played Wayne Jones in an episode of the TV series Northern Exposure and Dr. Andrew Cook in the series Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman. Other credits include 21 Jump Street, Matlock, Murder, She Wrote, and JAG. He also costarred as Cameron Frye in the sitcom Ferris Bueller.Douglas played the lead in The Children of Times Square, a 1986 TV movie directed by Curtis Hanson. He also starred in Papa Was a Preacher (1985).Douglas was born Brandon Sokolosky in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma and raised in Dallas, Texas. He previously was married to actress Julie Condra.
<Four_O'Clock_(The_Twilight_Zone)>	"Four O'Clock" is episode 94 (season 3, number 29) of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone.That's Oliver Crangle, a dealer in petulance and poison. He's rather arbitrarily chosen four o'clock as his personal Götterdämmerung, and we are about to watch the metamorphosis of a twisted fanatic, poisoned by the gangrene of prejudice, to the status of an avenging angel, upright and omniscient, dedicated and fearsome. Whatever your clocks say, it's four o'clock, and wherever you are it happens to be the Twilight Zone.Oliver Crangle is a hate-ridden fanatic who lives in an apartment with his parrot Pete. He maintains records of people he believes to be "evil" and has convinced himself that the so called "evil" people (communists, subversives, thieves, murderers) are engaged in a world wide conspiracy and have taken over Washington. He makes phone calls to them and their employers at all hours, writes letters regarding their actions, demands their prompt firing, and threatens to involve higher authorities if they do not comply. Unsatisfied with the results of his anonymous calls and letters, he searches for a more effective way to eliminate evil from the world; he settles on the idea of shrinking all evil people to two feet tall. Throughout the episode, Crangle's parrot Pete periodically calls out "nut," asking for a nut to eat, which Crangle gives him, not realizing that Pete is unintentionally calling Crangle a "nut."
<Andrew_Kishino>	Andrew Kishino (born March 20, 1970) also known as Big Kish (formerly Kish), is a Canadian voice actor.Kishino is best known for his 1991 single "I Rhyme the World in 80 Days". The song was featured on his debut album, Order from Chaos. It was accompanied by a music video which was played on MuchMusic. The song reached number one on the RPM Cancon chart. The second single released from the album, "She's a Flirt", also reached number one on the same chart. His follow-up album, A Nation of Hoods, was released in 1994.
<Scelionidae>	ScelioninaeTeleasinaeTelenominaeThe hymenopteran family Scelionidae is a very large cosmopolitan group (over 3000 described species in some 176 genera) of exclusively parasitoid wasps, mostly small (0.5–10 mm), often black, often highly sculptured, with (typically) elbowed antennae that have a 9- or 10-segmented flagellum. It was once considered to be a subfamily of the Platygastridae, but has been revived in the most recent classification of Platygastroidea.
<The_Whitsun_Weddings>	The Whitsun Weddings is a collection of 32 poems by Philip Larkin.  It was first published by Faber in the United Kingdom on 28 February 1964.  It was a commercial success, by the standards of poetry publication, with the first 4,000 copies being sold within two months. A United States edition appeared some seven months later.It contains many of Larkin's best known poems, such as "The Whitsun Weddings", "Days", "Mr Bleaney", "MCMXIV", and "An Arundel Tomb".
<Eurípedes_Amoreirinha>	Eurípedes Daniel Adão Amoreirinha (born 5 August 1984) is a Portuguese former professional footballer who played mainly as a central defender.A product of S.L. Benfica's youth system, Amoreirinha was born in Vila Franca de Xira, Lisbon, and he made his Primeira Liga debut with farm team F.C. Alverca in 2003, then appeared in eight matches with the former in the following season as they conquered the national title after 11 years. He finished the campaign on loan, at modest G.D. Estoril Praia.
<Richard_Levins>	Richard "Dick" Levins (June 1, 1930 – January 19, 2016) was an ex-tropical farmer turned ecologist, a population geneticist, biomathematician, mathematical ecologist, and philosopher of science who researched diversity in human populations.  Until his death, Levins was a university professor at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health and a long-time political activist. He was best known for his work on evolution and complexity in changing environments and on metapopulations.Levins also had written on philosophical issues in biology and modelling. One of his influential articles is "The Strategy of Model Building in Population Biology". He has influenced a number of contemporary philosophers of biology.[citation needed] Levins often boasted publicly that he was a 'fourth generation Marxist' and often had said that the methodology in his Evolution in Changing Environments was based upon the introduction to Marx's Grundrisse, the author's notes (not published until 1939) for Das Kapital. With the evolutionary geneticist Richard Lewontin, Levins had written a number of articles on methodology, philosophy, and social implications of biology. Many of these are collected in The Dialectical Biologist. In 2007, the duo published a second thematic collection of essays titled Biology Under the Influence: Dialectical Essays on Ecology, Agriculture, and Health.Also with Lewontin, Levins had co-authored a number of satirical articles criticizing sociobiology, systems modeling in ecology, and other topics under the pseudonym Isadore Nabi. Levins and Lewontin managed to place a ridiculous biography of Nabi and his achievements in American Men of Science, thereby showing how little editorial care and fact-checking work went on in that respected reference work.
<An_Artist_of_the_Floating_World>	An Artist of the Floating World (1986) is a novel by British author Kazuo Ishiguro. It is set in post-World War II Japan and is narrated by Masuji Ono, an ageing painter, who looks back on his life and how he has lived it. He notices how his once great reputation has faltered since the war and how attitudes towards him and his paintings have changed. The chief conflict deals with Ono's need to accept responsibility for his past actions, rendered politically suspect in the context of post-War Japan. The novel ends with the narrator expressing good will for the young white-collar workers on the streets at lunchbreak. The novel also deals with the role of people in a rapidly changing political environment and with the assumption and denial of guilt.The novel is considered as both historical fiction and global literature (Weltliteratur). It is considered historical fiction on account of its basis in a past that predates the author's own experiences, and it draws from historical facts. It is also considered global literature on account of its broad international market and its thematicisation of how the world today is interconnected.
<Emily_Deschanel>	Emily Erin Deschanel (/ˌdeɪʃəˈnɛl/; born October 11, 1976) is an American actress. She portrayed Dr. Temperance "Bones" Brennan in the Fox crime procedural series Bones (2005–2017).Deschanel was born in Los Angeles, California, to cinematographer and director Caleb Deschanel and actress Mary Jo Deschanel (née Weir). Her younger sister is actress and singer-songwriter Zooey Deschanel. Her paternal grandfather was French, from Oullins, Rhône; her roots also include Swiss, Dutch, English, Irish, and other French ancestry.
<Mamie_Gummer>	Mary Willa "Mamie" Gummer (born August 3, 1983) is an American actress. She starred in the title role of The CW series Emily Owens, M.D. (2012–2013), and played the recurring role of Nancy Crozier on The Good Wife (2010–2015) and its spin-off, The Good Fight (2018). She has also appeared in the films Evening (2007), Side Effects (2013), Cake (2014), and Ricki and the Flash (2015). Gummer was nominated for the 2016 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Actress in a Play for the original production of Ugly Lies the Bone. She is a daughter of Don Gummer and Meryl Streep.Gummer was born in New York City, New York, and is the eldest daughter of actress Meryl Streep and sculptor Don Gummer. She grew up in Salisbury, Connecticut, and also spent five years in Los Angeles, California, with her older brother, Henry Wolfe Gummer, and younger sisters, actors Grace Gummer and Louisa Jacobson.Gummer attended Miss Porter's School, and graduated from the Kent School in Kent, Connecticut, before continuing her studies in theater and communications at Northwestern University, graduating in 2005.
<Vernor_Vinge>	Vernor Steffen Vinge (/ˈvɜːrnər ˈvɪndʒiː/ (listen); born October 2, 1944) is an American science fiction author and retired professor. He taught mathematics and computer science at San Diego State University. He is the first wide-scale popularizer of the technological singularity concept and perhaps the first to present a fictional "cyberspace". He has won the Hugo Award for his novels A Fire Upon the Deep (1992), A Deepness in the Sky (1999), Rainbows End (2006),  and novellas Fast Times at Fairmont High (2002), and The Cookie Monster (2004).Vinge published his first short story, "Apartness", in the June 1965 issue of the British magazine New Worlds. His second, "Bookworm, Run!", was in the March 1966 issue of Analog Science Fiction, then edited by John W. Campbell. The story explores the theme of artificially augmented intelligence by connecting the brain directly to computerised data sources. He became a moderately prolific contributor to SF magazines in the 1960s and early 1970s. In 1969, he expanded the story "Grimm's Story" (Orbit 4, 1968) into his first novel, Grimm's World. His second novel, The Witling, was published in 1976.Vinge came to prominence in 1981 with his novella True Names, perhaps the first story to present a fully fleshed-out concept of cyberspace, which would later be central to cyberpunk stories by William Gibson, Neal Stephenson and others. His next two novels, The Peace War (1984) and Marooned in Realtime (1986), explore the spread of a future libertarian society, and deal with the impact of a technology which can create impenetrable force fields called 'bobbles'. These books built Vinge's reputation as an author who would explore ideas to their logical conclusions in particularly inventive ways. Both books were nominated for the Hugo Award, but lost to novels by William Gibson and Orson Scott Card.
<Thomas_Henry_Huxley>	Thomas Henry Huxley PC FRS HonFRSE FLS (4 May 1825 – 29 June 1895) was an English biologist and anthropologist specialising in comparative anatomy. He has become known as "Darwin's Bulldog" for his advocacy of Charles Darwin's theory of evolution.The stories regarding Huxley's famous 1860 Oxford evolution debate with Samuel Wilberforce were a key moment in the wider acceptance of evolution and in his own career, although some historians think that the surviving story of the debate is a later fabrication. Huxley had been planning to leave Oxford on the previous day, but, after an encounter with Robert Chambers, the author of Vestiges, he changed his mind and decided to join the debate. Wilberforce was coached by Richard Owen, against whom Huxley also debated about whether humans were closely related to apes.
<Rajeshwari_Sachdev>	Rajeshwari Sachdev is an Indian actress who is known for her role in Shyam Benegal's film Sardari Begum (1996), for which she won the 1997 National Film Award for Best Supporting Actress.Sachdev co-hosted the Zee TV musical show, Antakshari from 1994 to 2001 with Annu Kapoor. In 2005, she along with her husband Varun Badola, took part a reality TV dance competition show, Nach Baliye. She also worked in Crime TV series Rihhaee where she played a role of an activist.
<Gilead_(novel)>	Gilead is a novel written by Marilynne Robinson published in 2004. It won the 2005 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the National Book Critics Circle Award. It is Robinson's second novel, following Housekeeping (1980). Gilead is an epistolary novel, as the entire narrative is a single, continuing, albeit episodic, document, written on several occasions in a form combining a journal and a memoir. It comprises the fictional autobiography of the Reverend John Ames, an elderly, white Congregationalist pastor in the small, secluded town of Gilead, Iowa (also fictional), who knows that he is dying of a heart condition. At the beginning of the book, the date is established as 1956, and Ames explains that he is writing an account of his life for his seven-year-old son, who will have few memories of him. Ames indicates he was born in 1880 and that, at the time of writing, he is seventy-six years old.The book is an account of the memories and legacy of John Ames as he remembers his experiences of his father and grandfather to share with his son. All three men share a vocational lifestyle and profession as Congregationalist ministers in Gilead, Iowa. John Ames describes his vocation as "giving you a good basic sense of what is being asked of you and also what you might as well ignore", explaining that your vocation is something both hard to fulfill and hard to obtain. He writes that this is one of the most important pieces of wisdom he can bestow upon his son. Ames's father was a Christian pacifist, but his grandfather was a radical abolitionist who carried out guerrilla actions with John Brown before the American Civil War, served as a chaplain with the Union forces in that war, and incited his congregation to join up and serve in it; as Ames remarks, his grandfather "preached his people into the war." The grandfather returned from the war maimed with the loss of his right eye. Thereafter he was given the distinction that his right side was holy or sacred in some way, that it was his link to commune with God, and he was notorious for a piercing stare with the one eye he had left.The grandfather's other eccentricities are recalled in his youth: the practice of giving all and any of the family's possessions to others and preaching with a gun in a bloodied shirt. The true character and intimate details of the father are revealed in context with anecdotes regarding the grandfather, and mainly in the search for the grave of the grandfather. One event that is prevalent in the narrator's orations is the memory of receiving 'communion' from his father at the remains of a Baptist church, burned by lightning (Ames recalls this as an invented memory adapted from his father breaking and sharing an ashy biscuit for lunch). In the course of the novel, it quickly emerges that Ames's first wife, Louisa, died while giving birth to their daughter, Rebecca (a.k.a. Angeline) who also died soon after. Ames reflects on the death of his family as the source of great sorrow for many years, in contrast and with special reference to the growing family of the Rev. Boughton, local Presbyterian minister and Ames's dear and lifelong friend.[citation needed]
<The_People_of_Freedom>	The People of Freedom (Italian: Il Popolo della Libertà, PdL) was a centre-right political party in Italy. The PdL, launched by Silvio Berlusconi on 18 November 2007, was initially a federation of political parties, notably including Forza Italia and National Alliance, which participated as a joint election list in the 2008 general election. The federation was later transformed into a party during a party congress on 27–29 March 2009. The party's leading members included Angelino Alfano (national secretary), Renato Schifani, Renato Brunetta, Roberto Formigoni, Maurizio Sacconi, Maurizio Gasparri, Mariastella Gelmini, Antonio Martino, Giancarlo Galan, Maurizio Lupi, Gaetano Quagliariello, Daniela Santanchè, Sandro Bondi, and Raffaele Fitto.The PdL formed Italy's government from 2008 to 2011 in coalition with Lega Nord. After having supported Mario Monti's technocratic government in 2011–2012, the party was part of Enrico Letta's government with the Democratic Party, Civic Choice and the Union of the Centre. Alfano functioned as Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of the Interior. In June 2013, Berlusconi announced Forza Italia's revival and the PdL's transformation into a centre-right coalition. On 16 November 2013, the PdL's national council voted to dissolve the party and start a new Forza Italia party; the assembly was deserted by a group of dissidents, led by Alfano, who had launched the New Centre-Right the day before.
<Debbie_Arnold>	Debbie Arnold (born 14 June 1955) is an English actress, producer and voice artist. She is known for her portrayal of April Branning in BBC soap opera EastEnders between 1995 and 1996. Arnold has portrayed regular characters in EastEnders, Coronation Street, Emmerdale, Hollyoaks and Doctors.She began her career on television, in series such as the BBC comedy The Liver Birds. When she was 18 years old, she was given a job impersonating Marilyn Monroe on Now Who Do You Do?. She then pursued voice roles, specialising in British and American dialects.
<Jordon_Mutch>	Jordon James Edward Sydney Mutch (born 2 December 1991) is an English professional footballer who most recently played as a central midfielder for Australian A-League club Macarthur FC.Mutch joined Birmingham City in 2007 from Derby County's youth system. He made his competitive debut for the club in the League Cup in August 2008, and his first appearance in the Football League while on loan to Hereford United the following year. He also spent loan spells in the Championship with Doncaster Rovers and Watford, and became a first-team regular for Birmingham, before leaving for Cardiff City in 2012. Mutch contributed to Cardiff's promotion to the Premier League in his first season, and after their relegation in 2014 he returned to the top flight with Queens Park Rangers. Unable to establish himself in their first team, he signed for Crystal Palace in January 2015. Mutch spent the second half of the 2017–18 season on loan to Reading and the 2018 Major League Soccer season with Vancouver Whitecaps FC, before leaving Palace by mutual consent in January 2019. After short spells with South Korean K League 1 club Gyeongnam, Aalesund of the Norwegian Eliteserien, and Australian A-League club Western Sydney Wanderers, he joined Macarthur FC in 2021.
<Doğuş_Media_Group>	Doğuş Media Group (Doğuş Yayın Grubu) is a Turkish media conglomerate, part of the Doğuş Group conglomerate. Its properties include the news channel NTV (since 1999) and the entertainment channel Star TV (since 2011).From 2009 to 2013 it published history magazine NTV Tarih.
<George_McDonald_(Australian_politician)>	George Roy William McDonald (29 January 1883 – 28 July 1951) was an Australian politician.McDonald was born in Sydney, the son of mining engineer George McDonald and his wife Margaret McNamara. He was educated in public schools in the Parramatta district and became a deposition clerk in the Justice Department at Broken Hill in 1901. After transferral to the ministerial office in Sydney, his career as a clerk continued through appointments as Clerk of Petty Sessions at Goulburn, Albury and finally Bathurst. He resigned in 1908 and began a crown land and mining agency in Tamworth, acquiring a similar business in Sydney from 1911 to 1919.
<NAS_Award_in_Chemical_Sciences>	The National Academy of Sciences Award in Chemical Sciences is awarded for innovative research in the chemical sciences that in the broadest sense contributes to a better understanding of the natural sciences and to the benefit of humanity.Source: National Academy of SciencesFor his pioneering contributions to our understanding of the rates and pathways of chemical processes in gas phase, condensed phase, and surfaces through insightful analyses and creation of computational tools such as surface hopping, which is the standard starting point for simulating molecular motion evolving on multiple potential energy surfaces.
<BIGLOBE>	BIGLOBE (ビッグローブ) (combination of the words "big" and "globe") is one of the leading internet service providers in Japan, operated by NEC BIGLOBE, Ltd., a 2006 spin-off from NEC.KDDI acquired the company in January 2017 for 80 billion yen.
<Kim_Hartman>	Kim Lesley Hartman (born 11 January 1952) is an English actress, best known for her role as Private Helga Geerhart in the BBC television sitcom 'Allo 'Allo! (1982–1992).She was educated at The King's High School for Girls, Warwick.[citation needed] and the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art, London.
<George_Stephanopoulos>	George Robert Stephanopoulos (Greek: Γεώργιος Στεφανόπουλος Greek pronunciation: [ʝeoɾʝos stefanopulos]; born February 10, 1961) is an American television host, political commentator, and former Democratic advisor. Stephanopoulos currently is a coanchor with Robin Roberts and Michael Strahan on Good Morning America, and host of This Week, ABC's Sunday morning current events news program.Before his career as a journalist, Stephanopoulos was an advisor to the Democratic Party. He rose to early prominence as a communications director for the 1992 presidential campaign of Bill Clinton and subsequently became White House communications director. He was later senior advisor for policy and strategy, before departing in December 1996.George Stephanopoulos was born in Fall River, Massachusetts, the son of Nickolitsa "Nikki" Gloria (née Chafos) and Robert George Stephanopoulos. His parents are of Greek descent. His father is a Greek Orthodox priest and dean emeritus of the Archdiocesan Cathedral of the Holy Trinity in New York City. His father is a retired priest at Sts. Constantine and Helen Greek Orthodox church in Cleveland Heights, OH. His mother was the director of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America National News Service for many years.
<Manuel_Fraga_Iribarne>	Manuel Fraga Iribarne (Spanish pronunciation: [maˈnwel ˈfɾaɣa iɾiˈβaɾne]; 23 November 1922 – 15 January 2012) was a Spanish professor and politician in Francoist Spain, who was also the founder of the People's Party. Fraga was Minister of Information and Tourism between 1962 and 1969, Ambassador to the United Kingdom between 1973 and 1975, Minister of the Interior in 1975, Second Deputy Prime Minister between 1975 and 1976, President of the People's Alliance/People's Party between 1979 and 1990 and President of the Regional Government of Galicia between 1990 and 2005. He was also a Member of the Congress of Deputies and a Senator.Fraga's career as one of the key political figures in Spain straddles both General Francisco Franco's regime and the subsequent transition to representative democracy. He served as the President of the Regional Government of Galicia from 1990 to 2005 and as a Senator until November 2011. Fraga is also one of the Fathers of the Constitution.
<Flowers_for_Algernon>	Flowers for Algernon is a short story by American author Daniel Keyes, later expanded by him into a novel and subsequently adapted for film and other media. The short story, written in 1958 and first published in the April 1959 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction, won the Hugo Award for Best Short Story in 1960. The novel was published in 1966 and was joint winner of that year's Nebula Award for Best Novel (with Babel-17).Algernon is a laboratory mouse who has undergone surgery to increase his intelligence. The story is told by a series of progress reports written by Charlie Gordon, the first human subject for the surgery, and it touches on ethical and moral themes such as the treatment of the mentally disabled.
<Frederick_Reines>	Frederick Reines (/ˈraɪnəs/ RY-nəs; March 16, 1918 – August 26, 1998) was an American physicist. He was awarded the 1995 Nobel Prize in Physics for his co-detection of the neutrino with Clyde Cowan in the neutrino experiment. He may be the only scientist in history "so intimately associated with the discovery of an elementary particle and the subsequent thorough investigation of its fundamental properties."A graduate of Stevens Institute of Technology and New York University, Reines joined the Manhattan Project's Los Alamos Laboratory in 1944, working in the Theoretical Division in Richard Feynman's group. He became a group leader there in 1946. He participated in a number of nuclear tests, culminating in his becoming the director of the Operation Greenhouse test series in the Pacific in 1951.
<College_of_William_&_Mary>	The College of William & Mary (officially The College of William and Mary in Virginia, abbreviated as William & Mary, W&M) is a public research university in Williamsburg, Virginia. Founded in 1693 by letters patent issued by King William III and Queen Mary II, it is the second-oldest institution of higher education in the United States and the ninth-oldest in the English-speaking world. Institutional rankings have placed it among the best public universities in the United States.The college educated American presidents Thomas Jefferson, James Monroe, and John Tyler. It also educated other key figures pivotal to the development of the United States, including the first President of the Continental Congress Peyton Randolph, the first U.S. Attorney General Edmund Randolph, the fourth U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice John Marshall, Speaker of the House of Representatives Henry Clay, Commanding General of the U.S. Army Winfield Scott, sixteen members of the Continental Congress, and four signers of the Declaration of Independence. Its connections with many Founding Fathers of the United States earned it the nickname "the Alma Mater of the Nation". George Washington received his surveyor's license from the college in 1749 and he would become the college's first American chancellor in 1788. The position was long held by Bishops of London and Archbishops of Canterbury, though in modern times has been held by U.S. Supreme Court Justices, Cabinet Secretaries, and British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher. Benjamin Franklin received William & Mary's first honorary degree in 1756.
<Easy_A>	Easy A (stylized as easy A) is a 2010 American teen romanticcomedy film directed by Will Gluck, written by Bert V. Royal, starring Emma Stone, Stanley Tucci, Patricia Clarkson, Thomas Haden Church, Dan Byrd, Amanda Bynes, Penn Badgley, Cam Gigandet, Lisa Kudrow, Aly Michalka, and Malcolm McDowell. The screenplay was partially inspired by the 1850 novel The Scarlet Letter by Nathaniel Hawthorne.Shot at Screen Gems studios and in Ojai, California, the film was released on September 17, 2010. The film received positive reviews with high praise for Stone's performance, and was a major financial success, grossing $75 million worldwide against a budget of $8 million. Stone received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actress in a Comedy or Musical, while the movie won the Critics' Choice Award for Best Comedy.
<Phnom_Chisor>	Phnom Chisor (Khmer: ភ្នំជីសូរ, Phnum Chisor  [pʰnom ciːsoː]; "Chisor Mountain") is a 133-metres high mountain in Dok Por village, Rovieng commune, Samraŏng District, Takéo Province, Cambodia. It lies about 42 km south of Phnom Penh. The Ministry of Culture and Fine Art are preparing documents to nominate the site in the list of UNESCO world heritage.There is an ancient Khmer temple, Prasat Phnom Chisor (Khmer: ប្រាសាទភ្នំជីសូរ) (or Phnom Chisor Temple, sometimes referred to just Phnom Chisor) located on top of the hill.The temple was built in the 11th century of laterite and bricks with carved sandstone lintels  by the Khmer Empire king Suryavarman I,  who practiced Brahmanism. It was dedicated to the Hindu divinities Shiva and Vishnu. The original name of the temple was Sri Suryaparvata (Khmer: សុរ្យបវ៌ត), or The Mountain of Surya[varman] (The mountain of the Sun).On the east edge of the mountain, at the back of the temple, there is a prime spot for view and pictures where you can see a vast plain of surrounding rice fields and countryside.From there, looking down to the east can see an avenue that forms a straight line connecting three main features including two outer gates (temples) of cruciform ground plan and a baray:
<James_F._Moore>	James F. Moore studies co-evolution in social and economic systems.  He is best known for pioneering the Business ecosystem approach to studying networks of organizations that together constitute a system of mutual support and that co-evolve contributions.The business ecosystem is a form of organization distinct from and parallel to markets and firms. Moore argues that Business ecosystem is an essential unit of analysis for competition law, economics, sociology and management—a concept and unit of analysis that has been found necessary and helpful in business strategy and practice for many years.His recent work involves an in-depth study of the multiple and interconnected nano science, semiconductor, System-on-Chips, global telecommunications services, smartphones and Internet-of-things devices, and app ecosystems.Moore was a Senior Fellow at Harvard Law School's Berkman Center for Internet & Society from 2000 to 2004. He studied the interaction of law, technology and economic development in Africa.
<Stockport_County_F.C.>	Stockport County Football Club are a professional football club in Stockport, England, who compete in EFL League Two, the fourth tier of the English football league system. Formed in 1883 as Heaton Norris Rovers, they were renamed Stockport County in 1890 after the County Borough of Stockport. The team have played in blue and white kits since 1914; their original colours were red and white. The club are nicknamed "The Hatters" after the town's former hat-making industry. Stockport have played at Edgeley Park since 1902.Stockport first joined the Football League in 1900 but had to seek re-election in 1904. The club were not re-elected and spent one season outside the competition before they returned for the 1905–06 season. County then played in the Football League continuously for 106 years until 2011, mostly in the lower divisions. The team won their first league championship in 1922, the newly created Third Division North. Two league championships followed in 1937 (Third Division North) and 1967 (Fourth Division). The 1990s was the team's most successful period, when Stockport competed in the First Division for five seasons and reached the League Cup semi-finals in 1996–97. County also made four appearances at Wembley Stadium during this period, two in the Football League Trophy and two in the Football League play-offs, but lost on each occasion.
<Michael_Mosley_(actor)>	Michael Mosley (born September 16, 1978) is an American television and film actor, best known for his roles as Drew Suffin on Scrubs, Ted Vanderway on Pan Am, Johnny Farrell on Sirens, Everett Lynch on Criminal Minds, and Jerry Tyson on Castle.Mosley was born in Cedar Falls, Iowa. He was engaged to actress Anna Camp by September 2008; they married in 2010 and filed for divorce in 2013.
<Guildford>	Guildford (/ˈɡɪlfərd/ (listen))is a town in west Surrey, around 27 mi (43 km) southwest of central London. As of the 2011 census, the town has a population of about 77,000 and is the seat of the wider Borough of Guildford, which had around 148,998 inhabitants in 2019. The name "Guildford" is thought to derive from a crossing of the River Wey, a tributary of the River Thames that flows through the town centre.The earliest evidence of human activity in the area is from the Mesolithic and Guildford is mentioned in the will of Alfred the Great from c. 880. The exact location of the main Anglo-Saxon settlement is unclear and the current site of the modern town centre may not have been occupied until the early 11th century. Following the Norman Conquest, a motte-and-bailey castle was constructed, which was developed into a royal residence by Henry III. During the late Middle Ages, Guildford prospered as a result of the wool trade and the town was granted a charter of incorporation by Henry VII in 1488.
<Banco_BPM>	Banco BPM S.p.A. is an Italian bank that started to operate on 1 January 2017, by the merger of Banco Popolare and Banca Popolare di Milano (BPM) (approved by the board of directors on 24 May 2016). The bank is the third largest retail and corporate banking conglomerate in Italy (in terms of total assets in 2016), behind Intesa Sanpaolo and UniCredit. The bank had dual headquarters in Verona and Milan respectively.The shares of the bank is a constituent of Italian blue chip index FTSE MIB; in 2018 Forbes Global 2000, Banco BPM was ranked the 831st.As of 1 January 2017[update], the date of formation, Banco BPM is the third largest retail and commercial banking conglomerate by pro forma total assets in Italy, behind UniCredit and Intesa Sanpaolo, and surpassing the former third largest bank Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena (€164.385 billion at mid-2016). Although the Bank of Italy, the central bank, and Cassa Depositi e Prestiti (CDP), the national investment bank, technically have larger total assets than Banco BPM, they operate in a different line of business.
<Lenovo>	Lenovo Group Limited, often shortened to Lenovo (/ləˈnoʊvoʊ/ lə-NOH-voh, Chinese: 联想; pinyin: Liánxiǎng), is a Chinese multinational technology company specializing in designing, manufacturing, and marketing consumer electronics, personal computers, software, business solutions, and related services. Products manufactured by the company include desktop computers, laptops, tablet computers, smartphones, workstations, servers, supercomputers, electronic storage devices, IT management software, and smart televisions. Its best-known brands include its ThinkPad business line of laptop computers (acquired from IBM), the IdeaPad, Yoga, and Legion consumer lines of laptop computers, and the IdeaCentre and ThinkCentre lines of desktop computers. As of 2021, Lenovo is the world's largest personal computer vendor by unit sales.Lenovo was founded in Beijing on 1 November 1984 as Legend by a team of engineers led by Liu Chuanzhi and Danny Lui. Initially specializing in televisions, the company migrated towards manufacturing and marketing computers. Lenovo grew to become the market leader in China and raised nearly US$30 million in an initial public offering on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Since the 1990s, Lenovo has increasingly diversified from the personal computer market and made a number of corporate acquisitions, with the most notable being acquiring and integrating most of IBM's personal computer business and its x86-based server business as well as creating its own smartphone.
<Bob_Smith_(American_politician)>	Robert Smith or Bob Smith, or similar, may refer to:
<Simon_Newcomb>	Simon Newcomb (March 12, 1835 – July 11, 1909) was a Canadian–American astronomer, applied mathematician, and autodidactic polymath. He served as Professor of Mathematics in the United States Navy and at Johns Hopkins University. Born in Nova Scotia, at the age of 19 Newcomb left an apprenticeship to join his father in Massachusetts, where the latter was teaching. Though Newcomb had little conventional schooling, he completed a BSc at Harvard in 1858. He later made important contributions to timekeeping, as well as to other fields in applied mathematics, such as economics and statistics. Fluent in several languages, he also wrote and published several popular science books and a science fiction novel.
<Emmi_Handke>	Emmi Handke (born Emmi Christoph 30 September 1902 - 17 January 1994) was a German Communist party activist.She spent most of the twelve Nazi years in state detention, arrested in 1934 after her "political work" became illegal. Following the war she worked on the Committee of Ravensbrück Concentration Camp survivors ("Komitee der Ravensbrücker"), later serving for many years as the General Secretary of the International Ravensbrück Concentration Camp Committee.She worked with the powerful Party Central Committee of the German Democratic Republic (East Germany) though she was never herself a member of it.   She was, however, a member of the East German national parliament ("Volkskammer") between 1958 and 1986.
<KF_Tirana>	Klubi i Futbollit Tirana (KF Tirana) is an Albanian football club based in the country's capital city, Tirana. The men's football club is part of the multi-disciplinary sports club SK Tirana, and is the most successful in Albania, having won 54 recognized major domestic trophies. They play their home games at the Selman Stërmasi Stadium in Tirana and they play in the Kategoria Superiore.The club was founded on 15 August 1920 as Sport Klub Tirana (in English: Sport Club Tirana), but then, they name changed to Shoqata e Futbollit Agimi (in English: Agimi Football Association) and they had since participated in all the top tier national championships ever held in Albania. However, the ninth-place finish in the 2016–17 season relegated the club to the Albanian First Division (second-tier) for the first time in their history.
<Louis_E._Brus>	Louis E. Brus is the S. L. Mitchell Professor of Chemistry at Columbia University. He is the discoverer of the colloidal semi-conductor nanocrystals known as quantum dots.Brus received the Franklin Institute's 2012 Bower Award and Prize for Achievement in Science, and was chosen for the 2010 NAS Award in Chemical Sciences. He received the inaugural Kavli Prize for nanoscience in 2008, and was co-recipient of the 2006 R. W. Wood Prize of the Optical Society of America. He received the Distinguished Alumni Award from the Association of Rice University Alumni in 2010.He was elected to the United States National Academy of Sciences in 2004 and is a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.
<Sun_Capital_Partners>	Sun Capital Partners, Inc., is an American private equity firm specializing in leveraged buyouts. Sun Capital was founded in 1995 by Marc J. Leder and Rodger Krouse, former classmates at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and  investment bankers at Lehman Brothers.As of March 31, 2021, Sun Capital has approximately $13 billion of cumulative capital commitments and has invested in more than 475  portfolio companies worldwide with  revenues in excess of $50 billion across a broad range of  industries, including  business services,  technology,  healthcare, paper and packaging,  building products, general  consumer, and  industrial, among others. Sun Capital is headquartered in Boca Raton, Florida, with additional offices in New York City and Los Angeles, and an  affiliate with offices in London.Sun Capital's investment strategy involves a variety of proprietary  operational tools to help  portfolio companies grow revenue, lower  costs, improve company  cultures, and enhance  processes. Sun Capital targets  platform companies with  revenues between $50 million and $1.0 billion as well  add-on acquisitions. Sun Capital focuses on several  transaction types, including  corporate carve-outs,  founder-owned, and  sponsor-to-sponsor.
<Andrew_Cavendish,_11th_Duke_of_Devonshire>	Andrew Robert Buxton Cavendish, 11th Duke of Devonshire, KG, MC, PC, DL (2 January 1920 – 3 May 2004), styled Lord Andrew Cavendish until 1944 and Marquess of Hartington from 1944 to 1950, was a British Conservative and later Social Democratic Party politician. He was a minister in the government of Prime Minister Harold Macmillan (his uncle by marriage), but is best known for opening Chatsworth House to the public. His sister-in-law was Kathleen Kennedy, sister of U. S. President John F. Kennedy and U. S. Senators Robert F. Kennedy and Ted Kennedy.Cavendish was the second son of Edward Cavendish, 10th Duke of Devonshire and Mary Cavendish, Duchess of Devonshire, the former Mary Alice Gascoyne-Cecil, daughter of James Gascoyne-Cecil, 4th Marquess of Salisbury.  He was educated at Ludgrove School, Eton College and Trinity College, Cambridge. Growing up, his elder brother, William Cavendish, Marquess of Hartington, was the heir apparent to the dukedom. 
<David_Small>	David Small (born February 12, 1945) is an American writer and illustrator who is best known for children's picture books. His books have been awarded a Caldecott Medal and two Caldecott Honors, among other recognition.David Small was born in Detroit, Michigan. He began drawing at the age of two years, and health problems that kept him home for much of his childhood, also led to his developing his drawing skills. He attended Cass Technical High School and wrote plays throughout his teenage years. At age 21, he switched to art. He earned a bachelor of fine arts degree at Wayne State University and a master of fine arts degree at Yale University. Small taught art for many years on the college level, ran a film series, and made satirical sketches for campus newspapers. His first book, Eulalie and the Hopping Head, which he wrote and illustrated, was published in 1981.
<Hongkong_Chinese_Limited>	Hongkong Chinese Limited is a Bermuda-incorporated Hong Kong listed company. It was the holding company of Hongkong Chinese Bank, which was sold in 2002. The listed company now engaged in real estate development in China and had properties in Singapore. Hongkong Chinese Limited is an indirect subsidiary of Lippo Capital, which was owned by Indonesian entrepreneur Mochtar Riady and his family members. The chairman of Hongkong Chinese Limited, Stephen Riady, is the son of Mochtar.The HKCB Bank Holding Company Limited was incorporated in 1992 (and registered as a foreign company in Hong Kong on 20 October 1992). In 2001, the subsidiary Hongkong Chinese Bank was sold to CITIC Ka Wah Bank for HK$4.2 billion. The holding company itself was renamed to Hongkong Chinese Limited on 8 February 2002. In the same year 85% shares of Macau Chinese Bank and 85% stake of ImPac Asset Management were acquired, for MOP$190 million (from Finibanco [pt] and Alvaro Pinho da Costa Leite) and US$2.125 million (from ImPac Partners) respectively. An additional 15% shares of the bank were acquired from Wong Kon Kei in September 2007, for MOP$47.2 million. In the same year Hongkong Chinese Limited proposed to sell 60% shares of the intermediate holding company of the bank, Winwise Holdings Limited. However, the deal collapsed.
<Dennis_Gabor>	Dennis Gabor CBE FRS (/ˈɡɑːbɔːr, ɡəˈbɔːr/ GAH-bor, gə-BOR; Hungarian: Gábor Dénes, pronounced [ˈɡaːbor ˈdeːnɛʃ]; 5 June 1900 – 9 February 1979) was a Hungarian-British electrical engineer and physicist, most notable for inventing holography, for which he later received the 1971 Nobel Prize in Physics. He obtained British citizenship in 1934, and spent most of his life in England.Gabor was born as Günszberg Dénes, into a Jewish family in Budapest, Hungary. In 1918, his family converted to Lutheranism. Dennis was the first-born son of Günszberg Bernát and Jakobovits Adél. Despite having a religious background, religion played a minor role in his later life and he considered himself agnostic. In 1902, the family received permission to change their surname from Günszberg to Gábor. He served with the Hungarian artillery in northern Italy during World War I. He began his studies in engineering at the Technical University of Budapest in 1918, later in Germany, at the Charlottenburg Technical University in Berlin, now known as the Technical University of Berlin. At the start of his career, he analysed the properties of high voltage electric transmission lines by using cathode-beam oscillographs, which led to his interest in electron optics. Studying the fundamental processes of the oscillograph, Gabor was led to other electron-beam devices such as electron microscopes and TV tubes. He eventually wrote his PhD thesis on Recording of Transients in Electric Circuits with the Cathode Ray Oscillograph in 1927, and worked on plasma lamps.
<William_Keighley>	William Jackson Keighley (August 4, 1889 – June 24, 1984) was an American stage actor and Hollywood film director.After graduating from the Ludlum School of Dramatic Art, Keighley began acting at the age of 23. By the 1910s and 1920s, he was acting and directing on Broadway. With the advent of talking pictures, he relocated to Hollywood. He eventually signed with Warner Bros. He was the initial director of The Adventures of Robin Hood, starring Errol Flynn and Olivia de Havilland, but was replaced by Michael Curtiz. During World War II, he supervised the First Motion Picture Unit of the United States Army Air Forces.He retired in 1953 at the age of 64 and moved to Paris with his wife, Genevieve Tobin. In retirement, he became a photographer. He died of a stroke in New York City.
<Tom_Kibble>	Sir Thomas Walter Bannerman Kibble CBE FRS MAE (/ˈkɪbəl/; 23 December 1932 – 2 June 2016), was a British theoretical physicist, senior research investigator at the Blackett Laboratory and Emeritus Professor of Theoretical Physics at Imperial College London. His research interests were in quantum field theory, especially the interface between high-energy particle physics and cosmology. He is best known as one of the first to describe the Higgs mechanism, and for his research on topological defects. From the 1950s he was concerned about the nuclear arms race and from 1970 took leading roles in promoting the social responsibility of the scientist.Kibble was born in Madras, in the Madras Presidency of British India, on 23 December 1932. He was the son of the statistician Walter F. Kibble, and  the grandson of William Bannerman, an officer in the Indian Medical Service, and the author Helen Bannerman. His father was a mathematics professor at Madras Christian College, and Kibble grew up playing on the grounds of the college and solving math puzzles his father gave him. He was educated at Doveton Corrie School in Madras and then in Edinburgh, Scotland, at Melville College and at the University of Edinburgh. He graduated from the University of Edinburgh with a BSc in 1955, MA in 1956 and a PhD in 1958.
<Marischal_College>	Marischal College (/ˈmɑːrʃl/ MAR-shəl) is a large granite building on Broad Street in the centre of Aberdeen in north-east Scotland, and since 2011 has acted as the headquarters of Aberdeen City Council. However, the building was constructed for and is on long-term lease from the University of Aberdeen, which still uses parts of the building to store its museum collections. Today, it provides corporate office space and public access to council services, adjacent to the Town House, the city's historic seat of local government. Many Aberdonians consider Marischal College to be an icon of the "Granite City" and to symbolise the zenith of Aberdeen's granite-working industry.The construction of the modern college building began in 1835, following the demolition of previous buildings on the site, and was completed in its present form in the early 1900s. It is the second largest granite building in the world. Formerly the seat of the Marischal College and University of Aberdeen founded in 1593, the building was retained by the unified University of Aberdeen, which was created in 1860 by the merger of Marischal College and King's College. The buildings of Marischal College continued to be used for academic purposes until the mid-20th century and less and less until the early 2000s. During this period they were frequently rebuilt and expanded upon.
<Billericay_Town_F.C.>	Billericay Town Football Club is a football club based in Billericay, Essex, England. The club are currently members of the Isthmian League Premier Division, the seventh tier of English football, and play at New Lodge. They are the second most successful club in FA Vase history, having won the competition on three occasions.The club was established as Billericay Football Club in 1880. They joined the Romford & District League in 1890, where the club played until World War I. They also started playing in the Mid-Essex League, winning Division Two in 1912–13, 1931–32 and 1932–33. The club remained in the Mid-Essex League until joining the Southern Essex Combination League in 1947. In 1946 they adopted their current name. In 1966 the club were founder members of the Essex Olympian League. The 1969–70 season saw them win the league and League Cup double, a feat they repeated the following season. Following their back-to-back titles, the club became founder members of the Essex Senior League in 1971, finishing as runners-up in its first season and winning the title in 1972–73.
<Hugo_Marques>	Hugo Miguel Barreto Henriques Marques (born 15 January 1986) is an Angolan professional footballer who plays for Angolan club Atlético Petróleos de Luanda as a goalkeeper.Born in Fão, Esposende, Portugal to an Angolan mother and a Mozambican father, Marques played mainly lower league football in the country, joining FC Porto's youth system at the age of 16 and representing its reserves as a senior for three years. He appeared in six Segunda Liga matches for Gil Vicente F.C. in the 2007–08 season, conceding 12 goals.In 2011, Marques moved to Angola where he appeared for Kabuscorp S.C.P. and C.D. Primeiro de Agosto. He was awarded Angolan nationality shortly after.
<Jeffrey_C._Hall>	Jeffrey Connor Hall (born May 3, 1945) is an American geneticist and chronobiologist. Hall is Professor Emeritus of Biology at Brandeis University and currently resides in Cambridge, Maine.Hall spent his career examining the neurological component of fly courtship and behavioral rhythms. Through his research on the neurology and behavior of Drosophila melanogaster, Hall uncovered essential mechanisms of the circadian clocks and shed light on the foundations for sexual differentiation in the nervous system.  He was elected to the National Academy of Sciences for his revolutionary work in the field of chronobiology, and nominated for the T. Washington Fellows
<Tel_Aviv_University>	Tel Aviv University (TAU) (Hebrew: אוּנִיבֶרְסִיטַת תֵּל אָבִיב, Universitat Tel Aviv) is a public research university in Tel Aviv, Israel. With over 30,000 students, it is the largest university in the country. Located in northwest Tel Aviv, the university is the center of teaching and research of the city, comprising 9 faculties, 17 teaching hospitals, 18 performing arts centers, 27 schools, 106 departments, 340 research centers, and 400 laboratories.Tel Aviv University originated in 1956 when three education units merged to form the university. The original 170-acre campus was expanded and now makes up 220 acres (89 hectares) in Tel Aviv's Ramat Aviv neighborhood.TAU's origins date back to 1956, when three research institutes: the Tel Aviv School of Law and Economics (established in 1935), the Institute of Natural Sciences (established in 1931), and the Academic Institute of Jewish Studies (established in 1954) – joined to form Tel Aviv University. Initially operated by the Tel Aviv municipality, the university was granted autonomy in 1963, and George S. Wise was its first president, from that year until 1971. The Ramat Aviv campus, covering an area of 170-acre (0.69 km2), on top of the depopulated and razed Palestinian village of Sheikh Munis, was established that same year. Its succeeding Presidents have been Yuval Ne'eman from 1971 to 1977, Haim Ben-Shahar from 1977 to 1983, Moshe Many from 1983 to 1991, Yoram Dinstein from 1991 to 1999, Itamar Rabinovich from 1999 to 2006, Zvi Galil from 2006 to 2009, Joseph Klafter from 2009 to 2019, and Ariel Porat since 2019.
<Maranottar>	Maranottar (Gujarati: મરણોત્તર; English: Posthumous) is a Gujarati novel by Suresh Joshi. It is written almost in the form of lyrical prose letter style.The novel is prefaced with five different quotations, one each from György Lukács, Antonín Bartušek [cs], Malcolm Lowry, W. H. Auden and Paul Valéry. The theme of death is presented in Lowry's quotation and the technique is suggested by Valery.It has 45 short chapters in 71 printed pages. The chapters are built around the theme of approaching death, written with poetic imagery and ending with the poetic refrain of the name, 'Mrinal'. The novel is addressed to Mrinal, the lead female character, and some other characters like Sudhir, Gopi, Namita and Megha.
<Alexandre_Nero>	Alexandre Nero Vieira (born 13 February 1970) is a Brazilian actor, singer, songwriter, musician, arranger, sound designer and musical director. In 2016, he was nominated for the International Emmy Awards for Best Actor, for his starring role in the telenovela A Regra do Jogo.
<Melbourne>	Melbourne (/ˈmɛlbərn/ (listen) MEL-bərn; Boonwurrung/Woiwurrung: Narrm or Naarm) is the capital and most populous city of the Australian state of Victoria, and the second-most populous city in both Australia and Oceania. Its name generally refers to a 9,993 km2 (3,858 sq mi) metropolitan area known as Greater Melbourne, comprising an urban agglomeration of 31 local municipalities, although the name is also used specifically for the local municipality of City of Melbourne based around its central business area. The metropolis occupies much of the northern and eastern coastlines of Port Phillip Bay and spreads into the Mornington Peninsula, part of West Gippsland, as well as the hinterlands towards the Yarra Valley, the Dandenong and Macedon Ranges. It has a population over 5 million (19% of the population of Australia, as per 2021 census), mostly residing to the east side of the city centre, and its inhabitants are commonly referred to as "Melburnians".The area of Melbourne has been home to Aboriginal Victorians for over 40,000 years and serves as an important meeting place for local Kulin nation clans. Of the five peoples of the Kulin nation, the traditional custodians of the land encompassing Melbourne are the Boonwurrung, Wathaurong and the Wurundjeri peoples. A short-lived penal settlement was built at Port Phillip, then part of the British colony of New South Wales, in 1803, but it was not until 1835, with the arrival of free settlers from Van Diemen's Land (modern-day Tasmania), that Melbourne was founded. It was incorporated as a Crown settlement in 1837, and named after the then British Prime Minister, William Lamb, 2nd Viscount Melbourne. In 1851, four years after Queen Victoria declared it a city, Melbourne became the capital of the new colony of Victoria. During the 1850s Victorian gold rush, the city entered a lengthy boom period that, by the late 1880s, had transformed it into one of the world's largest and wealthiest metropolises. After the federation of Australia in 1901, it served as the interim seat of government of the new nation until Canberra became the permanent capital in 1927. Today, it is a leading financial centre in the Asia-Pacific region and ranks 32nd globally in the March 2022 Global Financial Centres Index.
<Willie_Kelly_(politician)>	William Henry Kelly (1 December 1877 – 27 January 1960) was an Australian  politician. He served in the House of Representatives from 1903 to 1919, and served as an honorary minister under Prime Minister Joseph Cook from 1913 to 1914.Kelly was born in Sydney and educated at All Saints College, Bathurst, and Eton College from 1893 to 1896.  He married Olive Miller (better-known under the stage name of Olive Morrell) in London in January 1908.
<Lenovo_IdeaPad_S100>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Jean-Baptiste_Delaveyne>	Dom Jean-Baptiste Delaveyne, O.S.B., (1653-1719) was a French Benedictine monk and priest, who founded a religious institute which continues to serve throughout the world.Delaveyne was born in the village of Saint-Saulge in 1653, in the ancient province of Nivernais. As a teenager, he went to the city of Autun to start his education. After studying with the Society of Jesus, in 1669 he entered the  Abbey of St. Martin in that city, at about the age of 16. He was soon sent to Paris, spending the following seven years studying there. He made his religious profession there in 1670. While there, he was drawn into the artistic and literary circles of the elite of Parisian society. After his ordination in 1676, he was sent to his hometown to serve as its pastor, continuing to lead a life mostly focused on the intellectual pursuits of the literary life.Two years later, a chance remark by the pastor of a neighboring village contrasting his way of life to that of St. Benedict re-ignited the religious fervor of Delaveyne's youth. He returned to his monastery in Autun for a spiritual retreat, in order to find again the focus of his life. From this experience he returned to his parish a changed man.
<Ostrowski_Prize>	The Ostrowski Prize is a mathematics award given every odd year for outstanding mathematical achievement judged by an international jury from the universities of Basel, Jerusalem, Waterloo and the academies of Denmark and the Netherlands. Alexander Ostrowski, a longtime professor at the University of Basel, left his estate to the foundation in order to establish a prize for outstanding achievements in pure mathematics and the foundations of numerical mathematics. It currently carries a monetary award of 100,000 Swiss francs.
<PRISA_TV>	PRISA Televisión, S.A.U (PRISA TV) is a pay TV company in Spain.PRISA TV was established in 1989 and controlled (as of 2007) by PRISA. It was the first company to introduce interactive systems and specially digital television in Spain. In October 2010 the company changed its name from Sogecable to PRISA TV.
<Sequence_(2013_film)>	Sequence is a 2013 short fantasy horror film written and directed by Carles Torrens and starring Joe Hursley, Emma Fitzpatrick, and Ronnie Gene Blevins. The film premiered September 6, 2013, at the Los Angeles International Short Film Festival.Billy (Joe Hursley) wakes up one morning only to discover that everyone else in the world had a disturbing nightmare about him the night before. He finds a suspicious note on his car simply saying "You're it" and each person he meets has fearful, strange, or hostile reactions to seeing him in person after their dreams. Billy is unable to find anyone willing tell him the contents of their dream. After a bitter attack by another, Billy wakes with a start in his own bed and realizes that the day's events were themselves a nightmare of his own, itself shared by everyone else in the world. But the sequence continues.Variety reported that Sequence "was one of the most-applauded films at October's Sitges", and Twitch Film called the film a "major hit" and a "twisted thriller".
<Tom_Hulce>	Thomas Edward Hulce (/ˈhʊls/; born December 6, 1953) is an American actor and theater producer. He is best known for his portrayal of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart in the Academy Award-winning film Amadeus (1984), as well as the roles of Larry "Pinto" Kroger in Animal House (1978), Larry Buckman in Parenthood (1989), and Quasimodo in Disney's animated film The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1996). Awards include an Emmy Award for The Heidi Chronicles, a Tony Award for Spring Awakening, an Oscar Award nomination for Best Actor for Amadeus, and four Golden Globe nominations. He retired from acting in the mid-1990s to focus on stage directing and producing. In 2007, he won the Tony Award for Best Musical as a lead producer of Spring Awakening.
<Wild_Boys_of_the_Road>	Wild Boys of the Road is a 1933 pre-Code Depression-era American drama film directed by William Wellman and starring Frankie Darro, Rochelle Hudson, and Grant Mitchell. It tells the story of several teens forced into becoming hobos. The screenplay by Earl Baldwin is based on the story Desperate Youth by Daniel Ahern. In 2013, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".Tommy Gordon (Edwin Phillips) tells his friend Eddie Smith (Frankie Darro) that he is going to drop out of high school to look for work to help support his struggling family. Eddie offers to speak to his father (Grant Mitchell) about getting him a job, only to discover that his father has himself just lost his own job. Eddie sells his beloved car and gives the money to his father, but when his father remains unemployed, the bills keep piling up, and the family is threatened with eviction. Eddie and Tommy decide to leave home to ease the burden on their families. Eddie leaves a note, then they board a freight train, where they meet Sally (Dorothy Coonan), another teenager, who is hoping her aunt in Chicago can put her up for a while. They have to jump from the train, and end up in a milk transfer station, where many teens in similar dire straits hop aboard another train.When they reach Chicago, they are met by the police, who inform them and other hobos that the unemployment crisis has hit Chicago as well. Most of the transients are sent to detention, but Sally has a letter from her aunt, so they let her through. She claims her companions are her cousins; the kindly policeman is skeptical, but lets them go. Sally's Aunt Carrie (Minna Gombell) welcomes all three into her apartment, which is in reality a brothel. She warmly welcomes the three, and starts to feed them, however, before they even have a chance to eat, the place is raided by the police. The trio hastily depart, climbing out a window, and continue their rail journey east.
<Scott_Carpenter>	Malcolm Scott Carpenter (May 1, 1925 – October 10, 2013) was an American naval officer and aviator, test pilot, aeronautical engineer, astronaut, and aquanaut.  He was one of the Mercury Seven astronauts selected for NASA's Project Mercury in April 1959. Carpenter was the second American (after John Glenn) to orbit the Earth and the fourth American in space, after Alan Shepard, Gus Grissom, and Glenn.
<Brazilian_Communist_Party>	Former partiesFormer parties
<Laura_Johnson>	Laura Johnson is an American actress. She is best known for playing Terry Hartford in the CBS primetime soap opera Falcon Crest from 1983 to 1986.Johnson made her film debut in the 1977 drama film Opening Night directed by John Cassavetes and starring Gena Rowlands. From 1979 to 1980, she had a recurring role as Betty Lou Barker in the CBS prime time soap opera Dallas. In 1983, she was cast as Terry Hartford in the another CBS prime time soap opera, Falcon Crest  playing this role to 1986. In 1986, she received Soap Opera Digest Awards nomination for Outstanding Villainess on a Prime Time Serial.[citation needed]Johnson appeared in a number of movies, include Beyond Reason (1985), Wes Craven's Chiller (1985), Fatal Instinct (1992), Trauma (1993), Deadly Exposure (1993), Four Christmases (2008) and Fame (2009). From 1988 to 1989, she played one of leads in the ABC medical drama series Heartbeat produced by Aaron Spelling. From 1998 to 1999, she played a leading role in the syndicated television family drama Born Free. Johnson also guest starred in a number of shows, include Hotel, L.A. Law, In the Heat of the Night, Nash Bridges, Strong Medicine and Monk.
<Liberty_Ross>	Liberty Lettice Lark Ross (born 23 September 1978) is an English model. She has appeared in publications such as Vogue, Harper's Bazaar, i-D, and Dazed & Confused. She is the sister of composers Atticus and Leopold Ross.Ross met Mario Testino on Portobello Road in London, where he asked her and a group of friends to do a shoot for British Vogue. She worked sporadically as a model throughout her childhood. She appeared on Ozzy Osbourne's No Rest for the Wicked album cover at the age of nine. In 1992, she signed with Storm Management.
<Bayer_04_Leverkusen>	Bayer 04 Leverkusen Fußball GmbH, also known as Bayer 04 Leverkusen (German: [ˌbaɪ̯ɐ ˈleːvɐˌkuːzn̩]), Bayer Leverkusen, or simply Leverkusen, is a  professional football club based in Leverkusen in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia. The club competes in the Bundesliga, the top tier of German football, and plays its home matches at the BayArena.The club was founded in 1904 by employees of the German pharmaceutical company Bayer AG, whose headquarters are in Leverkusen and from which the club draws its name. It was formerly the best-known department of TSV Bayer 04 Leverkusen, a sports club whose members also participate in athletics, gymnastics, basketball, field handball and other sports including the RTHC Bayer Leverkusen (rowing, tennis and hockey). In 1999, the football department was separated from the sports club and is now a separate entity formally called Bayer 04 Leverkusen Fußball GmbH. Bayer were first promoted to the Bundesliga in 1979, and have remained in the top division ever since. The club's main colours are red and black, both having been used as the main shirt colour and with red and black stripes also having been used as home colours.
<Robert_Hastie>	Robert "Bob" Hastie (27 July 1861 – 9 April 1914) was an Australian politician who was the first parliamentary leader of the Labour Party in Western Australia. He was a member of the state's Legislative Assembly from 1901 to 1905.Hastie was born in Glasgow, Scotland, and spent time in New Zealand and Victoria before arriving in Western Australia in 1895 during the gold rush. Prominent in the labour movement on the Eastern Goldfields, he entered parliament at the 1901 state election, and was elected party leader shortly after. Hastie was replaced as leader by Henry Daglish in July 1904, who became premier the following month. He served as a minister in Daglish's government, but was defeated for preselection at the early 1905 election. Hastie eventually left the Labour Party, and unsuccessfully stood for the Commonwealth Liberal Party at the 1910 federal election.
<Brighton_Friends_Meeting_House>	The Brighton Friends Meeting House is a Friends meeting house (Quaker place of worship) in the centre of Brighton, part of the city of Brighton and Hove in East Sussex, England.  The building, which dates from 1805, replaced an earlier meeting house of 1690 what was then a small fishing village on the Sussex coast.  Located at the junction of Ship Street and Prince Albert Street in The Lanes, the heart of Brighton's "old town" area, its architectural and historic importance has been recognised by English Heritage's granting of Grade II listed status.The Quaker community in Brighton had been prevented from congregating in public by the 1664 Conventicle Act, but some freedom was granted after the Act of Toleration 1689 was passed under William III and Mary II's joint sovereignty.  By 1690, the community acquired a former malthouse and some adjoining land, which became their first permanent meeting house and a burial ground respectively.  This stood near the junction of North Street and New Road, where the Pavilion Theatre now stands.  When some pleasure gardens were laid out next to the meeting house in the 1790s, the community sold its grounds (known as Quaker's Croft and extending to 1 acre (0.40 ha)) to the Prince Regent, and sold the building separately; it was immediately demolished by its new owner.  They used the £1,800 funds to buy a plot of land east of Ship Street for £1,000 and build a new meeting house, accessed by a narrow passageway next to two cottages which came with the land.  It had an attached caretaker's cottage, and opened for worship in 1805.  A large extension was added to the north in 1850; and in 1876, another extension was built to house educational facilities.  This is now used for various cultural activities as well.
<Nylon_Chen>	Nylon Chen (Chinese: 陳乃榮; pinyin: Chén Nǎiróng; Jyutping: Can4 Naai5 Wing4; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tân Nái-êng; Pha̍k-fa-sṳ: Chhîn Nái-yîn; born 20 May 1981) is a Taiwanese singer and actor.Nylon Chen was born on May 20, 1981 in Taipei, Taiwan.Before officially debuting, Chen first appeared in 2008's Honey and Clover series starring Joe Cheng and Janine Chang, playing the character of Lu Shan Qi. He began acting as a second male lead in 2011 for his character role in Happy Dandelion alongside Lene Lai. He, then, continued participating in various television dramas as part of the supporting cast or as a guest. He also tried dubbing the voice of Korean actor-singer Siwon of Super Junior in manga-turned-series Skip Beat in 2011.
<Angelika_Amon>	Angelika Amon (January 10, 1967 – October 29, 2020) was an Austrian American molecular and cell biologist, and the Kathleen and Curtis Marble Professor in Cancer Research at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States. Amon's research centered on how chromosomes are regulated, duplicated, and partitioned in the cell cycle.  Amon was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2017.Amon was born and raised in Vienna, Austria.  She displayed an early interest in plant and animal biology as a child, keeping a notebook full of newspaper clippings, and was motivated to study biology after learning about Mendelian genetics and seeing time-lapse micrographs of the division of plant cells in middle school.
<Tony_Adams_(producer)>	Anthony Patrick Adams (15 February 1953 – 22 October 2005) was an Irish film and theatrical producer.He produced numerous films for writer/director Blake Edwards, including six Pink Panther films and 10. He produced Victor/Victoria as a film and a Broadway musical. Off-Broadway, he produced The Immigrant and Minor Demons.
<Christ's_College_Chapel>	Christ's College Chapel is part of Christ's College, Christchurch.The chapel was designed by Robert Speechly and was built in 1867. Its simple style was in harmony with Christ's College Big School, which is four years older. The chapel was extended in 1884 to a design by Benjamin Mountfort, who added transepts and a chancel; an earlier design by William Armson was rejected. In 1888, a Mountfort-designed organ chamber was added.
<W._Jason_Morgan>	William Jason Morgan (born October 10, 1935) is an American geophysicist who has made seminal contributions to the theory of plate tectonics and geodynamics. He retired as the Knox Taylor Professor emeritus of geology and professor of geosciences at Princeton University. He currently serves as a visiting scholar in the Department of Earth and Planetary Sciences at Harvard University.After having received his BSc in physics from the Georgia Institute of Technology in 1957, he went to Princeton University, where he completed his PhD in 1964 under the supervision of Bob Dicke. He joined the faculty of the university immediately afterwards. His first major contribution, made in the late 1960s, was to relate the magnetic anomalies of alternating polarity, which occur on the ocean bottom at both sides of a mid-ocean ridge, to seafloor spreading and plate tectonics.
<Save_Karyn>	Save Karyn is the name of both a Web site and a book. SaveKaryn.com was the first notable cyberbegging site. Save Karyn: One Shopaholic’s Journey to Debt and Back is the book chronicling the events leading up to and through the height of the site's popularity.The creator of both works is Karyn Bosnak, originally a television producer, raised in the U.S. state of Illinois, who has lived much of her adult life in the greater New York City area. Up until 2000, she had a relatively high-paying job, and wasn't really concerned about going into debt to feed her affection for buying designer-label products. However, when she was laid off, her credit card debt of more than $20,000 started looming larger every month she was unable to find steady employment.In the summer of 2002, Bosnak registered the Internet domain name savekaryn.com, and launched the site to request voluntary donations from the public.  It had occurred to Bosnak that if she could receive just a few donations of several thousand dollars from a few wealthy people, or thousands of donations of one dollar from average-income people, she could pay off her debts. She reasoned that any amount given would be relatively insignificant to the donor, but if she found enough donors, the aggregate would be quite significant to her. An early version of the site announced "WANTED: $20,000. CREDIT CARDS ARE BAD. Hello! My name is Karyn, I’m really nice and I’m asking for your help! You see, I have this huge credit card debt and I need $20,000 to pay it off. So if you have an extra buck or two, please send it my way... Together we can banish credit card debt from my life." Her request echoed the matter-of-fact style of her initial plea to the online community, which she had made using craigslist.org.
<Holy_Trinity_Church_(Juneau,_Alaska)>	The Holy Trinity Church, also known as the Church of the Holy Trinity (Episcopal) is a church located at 325 Gold Street in Juneau, Alaska.  The present building was built in 2009, replacing an 1896 structure which burned on March 12, 2006.The old church was designed by architect George E. James in the Carpenter Gothic style, and was built by Foss and Olsen in 1896 to serve a mission congregation founded only the year before. Sometime before 1914 the church building was raised up to allow the addition of a basement. The parish hall built in 1956 did not continue the Carpenter Gothic architecture of the church itself. From 1918-1944, the church served as the pro-cathedral of the Episcopal Diocese of Alaska. On October 19, 1978, the church was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
<DXRX>	DXRX (93.1 FM) is a radio station owned and operated by Audiovisual Communicators, serving as a relay station of Monster RX 93.1 in Manila. Its transmitter is located in Zamboanga City.The station is launched in 1996 as Audiovisual Communicators' first provincial station. Branded as Dream Radio RX 93.1, it was the first station in Zamboanga City to carry a Top 40 format. Its office was located at the 3rd Floor, Gold Fountain Centrum along Mayor Jaldon St. It aired daily from 6:00 am to 12:00 am. It went off the air in January 2007, as its studios and transmitter were already vacated due to rental issues, contract expiration, and poor maintenance inside the building. Since then, ACI has put the station on sale.In August 2013, Brigada Mass Media Corporation, owner of Brigada Newspaper & its flagship station in General Santos, acquired the station and rebranded it to 93.1 Brigada News FM. It became the first station in Zamboanga to carry a news and music format. It went on air after the crisis in September 2013 and became the No.1 most-listened FM news and music station in the city.
<Richard_Friend>	Sir Richard Henry Friend FRS HonFInstP FREng (born 18 January 1953) is a British physicist who was the Cavendish Professor of Physics at the University of Cambridge from 1995 until 2020 and is Tan Chin Tuan Centennial Professor at the National University of Singapore. Friend's research concerns the physics and engineering of carbon-based semiconductors. He also serves as Chairman of the Scientific Advisory Board of the National Research Foundation (NRF) of Singapore.Friend was educated at Rugby School and Trinity College, Cambridge, gaining a PhD in 1979 under the supervision of Abe Yoffe.
<Evelina>	Evelina, or the History of a Young Lady's Entrance into the World  is a novel written by English author Fanny Burney and first published in 1778. Although published anonymously, its authorship was revealed by the poet George Huddesford in what Burney called a "vile poem".In this 3-volume epistolary novel, title character Evelina is the unacknowledged but legitimate daughter of a dissipated English aristocrat, and thus raised in rural seclusion until her 17th year. Through a series of humorous events that take place in London and the resort town of Hotwells, near Bristol, Evelina learns to navigate the complex layers of 18th-century society and come under the eye of a distinguished nobleman with whom a romantic relationship is formed in the latter part of the novel. This sentimental novel, which has notions of sensibility and early romanticism, satirizes the society in which it is set and is a significant precursor to the work of Jane Austen and Maria Edgeworth, whose novels explore many of the same issues.The novel opens with a distressed letter from Lady Howard to her longtime acquaintance, the Reverend Arthur Villars, in which she reports that Mme (Madame) Duval, the grandmother of Villars' ward, Evelina Anville, intends to visit England to renew her acquaintance with her granddaughter Evelina. Eighteen years earlier, Mme Duval had broken off her relationship with her daughter Caroline, Evelina's mother, but never knew of the birth or even existence of Evelina until Evelina was in her late teens. Upon this discovery, Mme Duval desires to reclaim Evelina and whisk her away to France as her closest blood relation. Reverend Villars fears Mme Duval's influence could lead Evelina to a fate similar to that of her mother Caroline, who secretly wedded Sir John Belmont, a libertine, who afterwards denied the marriage. To keep Evelina from Mme Duval, the Reverend lets her visit Howard Grove, Lady Howard's home, on an extended holiday. While she is there, the family learns that Lady Howard's son-in-law, naval officer Captain Mirvan, is returning to England after a seven-year absence. Desperate to join the Mirvans on their trip to London, Evelina entreats her guardian to let her attend with them, promising that the visit will last only a few weeks. Villars reluctantly consents.
<Issey_Nakajima-Farran>	Issey Morgan Nakajima-Farran  (born 16 May 1984) is a Canadian professional soccer player who plays for UE Tàrrega in the Primera Catalana.Born to a Japanese mother and an English Zimbabwean father, Nakajima-Farran moved with his family from Canada to Tokyo when he was three. His football career began while playing for the junior youth team of Verdy Kawasaki. He later moved to England at the age of ten to play for Crystal Palace's youth team but returned to Japan when he was 16 to pursue a youth contract with Tokyo Verdy. In 2003, he began his professional football career after having signed with J2 League's Albirex Niigata.
<Helen_Quinn>	Helen Rhoda Arnold Quinn (born 19 May 1943) is an Australian-born particle physicist and educator who has made major contributions to both fields. Her contributions to theoretical physics include the Peccei–Quinn theory which implies a corresponding symmetry of nature (related to matter-antimatter symmetry and the possible source of the dark matter that pervades the universe) and contributions to the search for a unified theory for the three types of particle interactions (strong, electromagnetic, and weak). As Chair of the Board on Science Education of the National Academy of Sciences, Quinn led the effort that produced A Framework for K-12 Science Education: Practices, Crosscutting Concepts, and Core Ideas—the basis for the Next Generation Science Standards adopted by many states. Her honours include the Dirac Medal of the International Center for Theoretical Physics, the Oskar Klein Medal from the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences, appointment as an Honorary Officer of the Order of Australia, the J. J. Sakurai Prize for Theoretical Particle Physics from the American Physical Society, the Karl Taylor Compton Medal for Leadership in Physics from the American Institute of Physics, and the 2018 Benjamin Franklin Medal in Physics from the Franklin Institute.Quinn grew up in Australia. Of her childhood with her three brothers, she says, "I learned very young how to make myself heard." She graduated in 1959 from Tintern Grammar, Tintern Church of England Girls' Grammar School, in Ringwood East, Victoria, Australia. She began college at the University of Melbourne before moving to the United States and transferring to Stanford University. She received her PhD from Stanford in 1967, at a time when less than 2% of physicists were women. She did her postdoctoral work at the DESY (the German Synchrotron Laboratory) in Hamburg, Germany. She next spent seven years at Harvard University before returning to Stanford, where she became a professor of physics in the SLAC Theory Group at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Laboratory. She retired in 2010 and devoted her efforts to education, especially K-12 and preschool science and multilingual education. She and her husband raised two children and have three grandchildren.
<Yuva_Puraskar>	Assamese ·Bengali ·Bodo ·Dogri ·English ·GujaratiHindi ·Kannada  ·Kashmiri ·Konkani ·MaithiliMalayalam ·Marathi ·Meitei (Manipuri) ·Nepali ·OdiaPunjabi ·Rajasthani ·Sanskrit ·Santali ·Sindhi ·TamilTelugu ·UrduAssamese ·Bengali ·Bodo ·Dogri ·English  ·GujaratiHindi ·Kannada  ·Kashmiri ·Konkani ·MaithiliMalayalam ·Marathi ·Meitei (Manipuri) ·Nepali ·OdiaPunjabi ·Rajasthani ·Sanskrit ·Santali ·Sindhi ·TamilTelugu ·Urdu
<The_Lamplighter>	The Lamplighter is a sentimental novel written by Maria Susanna Cummins and published in 1854, and a best-selling novel of its era.A female Bildungsroman, The Lamplighter tells the story of Gertrude Flint, an abandoned and mistreated orphan rescued at the age of eight by Trueman Flint, a lamplighter, from her abusive guardian, Nan Grant. Gertrude is lovingly raised and taught virtues and religious faith.  She becomes a moralistic woman. In adulthood, she is rewarded for her long suffering with marriage to a childhood friend.The Lamplighter was Cummins's first novel and was an immediate best-seller, selling 20,000 copies in twenty days. The work sold 40,000 in eight weeks, and within five months it had sold 65,000. At the time it was second in sales only to Harriet Beecher Stowe's Uncle Tom's Cabin. It sold over 100,000 copies in Britain and was translated into multiple different languages.
<Vicinity_Centres>	Vicinity Centres ASX: VCX, previously known as Federation Centres and Centro Properties Group, is an Australian Real Estate Investment Trust specialising in ownership and management of Australian shopping centres. As at December 2021, it had stakes in 60 shopping centres. It is headquartered at Chadstone Shopping Centre in Melbourne.Vicinity Limited was established by diversified property construction Jennings Industries on 18 February 1985 as Jennings Properties, and listed on the on the Australian Securities Exchange. In January 1991, it was renamed Centro Properties. In September 1997, Centro was restructured to become a stapled security structure named Centro Properties Group. Centro was a stapled security comprising one unit in Centro Property Trust (CPT) stapled to one share in Centro Properties Limited (CPL). CPT is the owner of Centro's interests in the properties and CPL, along with its subsidiaries, provides management services to CPT.[citation needed]
<Terry_Stratton>	Terrance Richard "Terry" Stratton  (born March 16, 1938) is a former Conservative Canadian Senator who represented Manitoba in the Upper House.A businessman, teacher and consultant, Stratton was appointed to the Senate on the advice of Prime Minister Brian Mulroney in March 1993.He served as Opposition Whip from 2001 until 2004 when he became Deputy Leader of the Opposition in the Senate. When the Conservatives took power in 2006, he was appointed Government Whip in the Senate, serving until December 31, 2009.
<Chelsea_F.C.>	Chelsea Football Club is an English professional football club based in Fulham, West London. Founded in 1905, they play their home games at Stamford Bridge.  The club competes in the Premier League, the top division of English football. They won their first major honour, the League championship, in 1955. The club won the FA Cup for the first time in 1970, their first European honour, the Cup Winners' Cup, in 1971, and became the third English club to win the Club World Cup in 2022.Chelsea are one of five clubs to have won all three pre-1999 main European club competitions, and the only club to have won all three major European competitions twice. They are also the only London club to have won the Champions League and the Club World Cup.  Domestically, the club has won six league titles, eight FA Cups, five League Cups, and four FA Community Shields. Internationally, they have won the UEFA Champions League, the UEFA Europa League, the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup and the UEFA Super Cup twice each, and one FIFA Club World Cup since their inception. In terms of overall trophies won, it is the fourth-most successful club in English football.
<Populous_(company)>	Populous is a global architectural and design practice specializing in sports facilities, arenas and convention centers, as well as the planning and design of major special events.Populous was created through a management buyout in January 2009, becoming independently owned and operated. It is reported to be one of the largest architecture firms in the world. Populous formerly operated as HOK Sport Venue Event, which was part of the HOK Group.
<Frink_Medal>	The Frink Medal for British Zoologists is awarded by the Zoological Society of London "For significant and original contributions by a professional zoologist to the development of zoology."  It consists of a bronze plaque (76 by 83 millimetres), depicting a bison and carved by British sculptor Elisabeth Frink. The Frink Medal was instituted in 1973 and first presented in 1974.Source ZSL
<Sunny_Wang>	Sunny Wang (simplified Chinese: 王阳明; traditional Chinese: 王陽明; pinyin: Wáng Yáng Míng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Ông Iông-bêng) is a Taiwanese-American actor and model. He was born on November 2, 1982, in New York, New York, United States of Taiwanese origin. He pursued his post-secondary education at New York University, Stern school of business and Tisch school of arts, majoring in business and minoring in film studies. Wang is fluent in both English and Mandarin Chinese.Wang debuted as a model and officially joined the show business with his debut drama In Time with You. Before he started his career as an actor, one of his previous notable work as a model was for a charity photo shoot known as "Important Person" for a Taiwanese magazine. In 2012, Wang starred in Once Upon a Love which also stars actress Cheryl Yang.
<Steve_Pinau>	Steve Pinau (born 11 March 1988) is a French footballer who currently plays for Bromley.Pinau, a French youth international, started his career with Monaco, making two appearances in Ligue 1. He signed for Genoa on a four-year contract, but was almost immediately loaned to Hibernian. Genoa also paid Monaco €560,000 as training compensation.
<University_of_Freiburg>	The University of Freiburg (colloquially German: Uni Freiburg), officially the Albert Ludwig University of Freiburg (German: Albert-Ludwigs-Universität Freiburg), is a public research university located in Freiburg im Breisgau, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. The university was founded in 1457 by the Habsburg dynasty as the second university in Austrian-Habsburg territory after the University of Vienna. Today, Freiburg is the fifth-oldest university in Germany, with a long tradition of teaching the humanities, social sciences and natural sciences and technology and enjoys a high academic reputation both nationally and internationally. The university is made up of 11 faculties and attracts students from across Germany as well as from over 120 other countries. Foreign students constitute about 18.2% of total student numbers.The University of Freiburg has been associated with figures such as Hannah Arendt, Rudolf Carnap, David Daube, Johann Eck, Hans-Georg Gadamer, Friedrich Hayek, Martin Heidegger, Edmund Husserl, Herbert Marcuse, Friedrich Meinecke, Edith Stein, Paul Uhlenhuth, Max Weber and Ernst Zermelo. As of October 2020, 22 Nobel laureates are affiliated with the University of Freiburg as alumni, faculty or researchers, and 15 academics have been honored with the highest German research prize, the Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Prize, while working at the university.
<Bruce_Friedrich>	Bruce Gregory Friedrich (born August 7, 1969) is co-founder and president of The Good Food Institute (GFI), a Y Combinator funded non-profit that promotes plant- and cell-based alternatives to animal products. He is also a co-founder of the alternative protein venture capital firm New Crop Capital. Friedrich previously worked for PETA and Farm Sanctuary.Friedrich was born in West Lafayette, Indiana on August 7, 1969. In 1987, he graduated from Norman High School in Norman, Oklahoma. In 1996, Friedrich graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Grinnell College with a B.A. in English, Economics, and Religion. He holds degrees from Johns Hopkins University and the London School of Economics, and received his J.D. degree from Georgetown University Law Center, graduating magna cum laude, Order of the Coif.
<John_Lennard-Jones>	Sir John Edward Lennard-Jones KBE, FRS (27 October 1894 – 1 November 1954) was a British mathematician and professor of theoretical physics at the University of Bristol, and then of theoretical science at the University of Cambridge. He was an important pioneer in the development of modern computational chemistry and theoretical chemistry.Lennard-Jones was born on 27 October 1894 at Leigh, Lancashire, the eldest son of Mary Ellen and Hugh Jones, an insurance agent. He was educated at Leigh Grammar School, going on to study at the University of Manchester, graduating in 1915 with a first-class honours degree in mathematics.
<Tomasz_Kuszczak>	Tomasz Mirosław Kuszczak (Polish pronunciation: [ˈtɔmaʂ ˈkuʂt͡ʂak] (listen); born 20 March 1982) is a Polish former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.Born in Krosno Odrzańskie, Kuszczak previously played for Śląsk Wrocław in Poland, as well as for the German clubs KFC Uerdingen 05 and Hertha BSC, before moving in 2004 to England with West Bromwich Albion. During the summer of 2006 he transferred to Manchester United and in 2012 joined Brighton & Hove Albion, who released him at the end of the 2013–14 season. After spending the latter part of the 2014–15 season with Wolverhampton Wanderers, he signed for Birmingham City in July 2015, playing for the club until his retirement in 2019.
<Newchurch_(Isle_of_Wight)_railway_station>	Newchurch railway station, was an intermediate station situated on the edge of Newchurch village  on the line from Newport to Sandown incorporated by the Isle of Wight (Newport Junction) Railway in 1868, opened in 1875 and closed 81 years later. Despite its rural location a "respectable" number of families alighted at the simple station, "little more than a wooden hut". The nearest location to the site is a bungalow, Newchurch Crossing.
<Irvin_Rybicki>	Irvin W. Rybicki (September 16, 1921 - July 24, 2001) was an American car designer, and became vice president of General Motors design on August 1, 1977, only the third person to hold that position and did so until his retirement in October 1986.In February 1962, Rybicki became chief designer of the Chevrolet studio.  In September 1970, he was promoted to head of exterior design for Chevrolet, Pontiac and GMC.  Two years later, he was named executive in charge of design for Oldsmobile, Buick and Cadillac.  In 1977, he was promoted to vice president of design, taking over from Bill Mitchell.
<Alien_(film)>	Alien is a 1979 science fiction horror film directed by Ridley Scott and written by Dan O'Bannon. Based on a story by O'Bannon and Ronald Shusett, it follows the crew of the commercial space tug Nostromo,  who, after coming across a mysterious derelict spaceship on an undiscovered moon, find themselves up against an aggressive and deadly extraterrestrial set loose on the Nostromo. The film stars Tom Skerritt, Sigourney Weaver, Veronica Cartwright, Harry Dean Stanton, John Hurt, Ian Holm, and Yaphet Kotto. It was produced by Gordon Carroll, David Giler, and Walter Hill through their company Brandywine Productions, and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. Giler and Hill revised and made additions to the script; Shusett was the executive producer. The Alien and its accompanying artifacts were designed by the Swiss artist H. R. Giger, while concept artists Ron Cobb and Chris Foss designed the more human settings.Alien premiered on May 25, 1979, as the opening night of the fourth Seattle International Film Festival, presented in 70 mm at midnight. It received a wide release on June 22 and was released on September 6 in the United Kingdom. It was met with mixed reviews on release but was a box-office success, winning the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects, three Saturn Awards (Best Science Fiction Film, Best Direction for Scott, and Best Supporting Actress for Cartwright), and a Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation. Critical reassessment since then has resulted in Alien being widely considered to be one of the greatest science fiction and horror films of all time. In 2002, Alien was deemed "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant" by the Library of Congress and was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry. In 2008, it was ranked by the American Film Institute as the seventh-best film in the science fiction genre, and as the 33rd-greatest film of all time by Empire.
<Ringworld>	Ringworld is a 1970 science fiction novel by Larry Niven, set in his Known Space universe and considered a classic of science fiction literature. Ringworld tells the story of Louis Wu and his companions on a mission to the Ringworld, a rotating wheel artificial world, an alien construct in space 186 million miles (299 million kilometres) in diameter.  Niven later added three sequel novels and then cowrote, with Edward M. Lerner, four prequels and a final sequel; the five latter novels constitute the Fleet of Worlds series.  All the novels in the Ringworld series tie into numerous other books set in Known Space.  Ringworld won the Nebula Award in 1970, as well as both the Hugo Award and Locus Award in 1971.On planet Earth in 2850 AD, Louis Gridley Wu is celebrating his 200th birthday. Despite his age, Louis is in perfect physical condition due to the longevity drug boosterspice. He meets Nessus, a Pierson's puppeteer, who offers him a mysterious job. Intrigued, Louis eventually accepts. Speaker-to-Animals (Speaker), who is a Kzin, and Teela Brown, a young human woman who becomes Louis's lover, also join the crew.On the puppeteer home world, they are told that the expedition's goal is to investigate the Ringworld, a gigantic artificial ring, to see if it poses any threat. The Ringworld is about one million miles (1.6 million km) wide and approximately the diameter of Earth's orbit (which makes it about 584.3 million miles or 940.4 million km in circumference), encircling a sunlike star. It rotates to provide artificial gravity 99.2% as strong as Earth's from centrifugal force. The Ringworld has a habitable, flat inner surface (equivalent in area to approximately three million Earths), a breathable atmosphere and a temperature optimal for humans. Night is provided by an inner ring of shadow squares which are connected to each other by thin, ultra-strong wire.  When the crew completes their mission, they will be given the starship in which they travelled to the puppeteer home world; it is orders of magnitude faster than any possessed by humans or Kzinti.
<FC_Dynamo_Moscow>	FC Dynamo Moscow (FC Dynamo Moskva, Russian: Дина́мо Москва́ [dʲɪˈnamə mɐˈskva]) is a Russian football club based in Moscow. Dynamo returned to the Russian Premier League for the 2017–18 season after one season in the second-tier Russian Football National League.Dynamo was the only club that had always played in the top tier of Soviet football (along with Dynamo Kyiv) and of Russian football from the end of the Soviet era until they were relegated in 2016. Despite this, they have never won the modern Russian Premier League title and have won Russian Cup only once, in the season of 1994–95.
<William_Brinkley>	William Clark Brinkley (September 10, 1917 – November 22, 1993) was an American writer and journalist, best known for his novels Don't Go Near the Water (1956), which Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer adapted to an eponymous 1957 film, and The Last Ship (1988), which TNT adapted as a television series.Brinkley was born in Custer City, Oklahoma on September 10, 1917, the son of Daniel Squire Brinkley, a Baptist minister. The youngest of five children, Brinkley graduated Phi Beta Kappa from the University of Oklahoma in 1940.
<Gemstar-TV_Guide_International>	Gemstar–TV Guide International, Inc. was a media company that licensed interactive program guide technology to multichannel video programming distributors such as cable and satellite television providers, and consumer electronics manufacturers; video recorder scheduling codes under brands such as VCR Plus; as well as serving as publishers of TV Guide magazine as well as operators of tvguide.com, owners of TV Guide Network and TVG Network, and provided various related services. On May 2, 2008, Gemstar–TV Guide International, Inc. became a wholly owned subsidiary of Macrovision Solutions Corporation, which later changed its name to Rovi Corporation on July 16, 2009.In 1978, United Video Satellite Group, Inc. was founded in Tulsa, OK. United Video itself dated back to 1965, founded by Gene Schneider, and was originally a cable company in the Tulsa area, originally under the names of GenCo and then LVO Cable (during a period when they were owned by LVO Corporation, an oil company). The name United Video came from an acquisition in 1970: a small, microwave-based TV relay operation serving the Illinois towns of Ottawa, Streator and Pontiac with TV signals from Chicago. The microwave business expanded to serve other cable companies and regions, including Iowa, Louisiana, and Oklahoma itself, carrying distant stations to rural communities. Thanks to their experience in distributing Chicago's WGN-TV via microwave, they were chosen to distribute WGN's signal nationwide via satellite uplink (after a period where UV competed with several other firms, including another Tulsa-based uplink firm, Southern Satellite Systems). They began uplinking the signal from a facility in Monee, Illinois, to the Satcom-3 satellite on November 9, 1978. Soon, several other stations began to be uplinked for national distribution by UVSG, including WGN's then-sister station WPIX in New York, KTVT in Dallas, and KPLR in St. Louis. (With the rise of satellite, this meant that microwave transmission of distant stations was now outmoded, with UVSG selling their microwave systems by 1980.) 
<Apollo_100>	Apollo 100 was a short-lived British instrumental group, that had a U.S. Billboard Hot 100 top 10 hit with the Johann Sebastian Bach–inspired single "Joy" in 1972.Apollo 100 was founded by arranger and multi-instrumentalist Tom Parker, who was known for his arrangements from the Young Blood catalogue, such as the Top 20 American hit "Chirpy Chirpy Cheep Cheep" and a number of Don Fardon's recordings. Parker had played keyboards, clarinet, saxophone, trumpet, trombone, and a number of other instruments from an early age, and entered the music industry as a session musician by the 1960s. In the intervening time, he associated with a number of groups, including The Mark Leeman 5, Jimmy James and the Vagabonds, and Eric Burdon with the New Animals.
<Kinshasa>	Kinshasa (/kɪnˈʃɑːsə/; French: [kinʃasa]; Lingala: Kinsásá), formerly Léopoldville (Dutch: Leopoldstad), is the capital and largest city of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Once a site of fishing and trading villages situated along the Congo River, Kinshasa is now one of the world's fastest growing megacities. The city of Kinshasa is also one of the DRC's 26 provinces. Because the administrative boundaries of the city-province cover a vast area, over 90 percent of the city-province's land is rural in nature, and the urban area occupies a small but expanding section on the western side.
<Eli_Roth>	Eli Raphael Roth (born April 18, 1972) is an American film director, screenwriter, producer, and actor. As a director and producer, he is most closely associated with the horror genre, having directed the films Cabin Fever (2003) and Hostel (2005).Roth continued to work in the horror genre, directing the films Hostel: Part II (2007) and The Green Inferno (2013). He also expanded into other genres, directing the erotic thriller film Knock Knock (2015) and the action film Death Wish (2018), a remake of the 1974 original. Also in 2018, he directed the fantasy comedy film The House with a Clock in Its Walls, his first PG-rated film and his highest domestic grosser to date.
<Constantin_Brâncoveanu>	Constantin Brâncoveanu (Romanian pronunciation: [konstanˈtin brɨŋkoˈve̯anu] (listen); 1654 – August 15, 1714) was Prince of Wallachia between 1688 and 1714.A descendant of the Craiovești boyar family and heir through his grandfather Preda of a considerable part of Matei Basarab′s fortune, Brâncoveanu was born on the estate of Brâncoveni and raised in the house of his uncle, stolnic Constantin Cantacuzino. He rose to the throne after the death of his uncle, prince Şerban Cantacuzino. He was initially supported by his maternal uncles Constantin and Mihai Cantacuzino, but grew increasingly independent from them in the course of his reign. Constantin Cantacuzino retreated to one of his estates and began advocating his son Ștefan's candidacy to the throne.The prince took steps in negotiating anti-Ottoman alliances first with the Habsburg monarchy, and then with Peter the Great's Russia (see Russo-Turkish War, 1710-1711): upon the 1710 Russian intervention in Moldavia, the prince contacted Tsar Peter and accepted gifts from the latter, while his rivalry with the Moldavian Prince Dimitrie Cantemir (the main regional ally of the Russians) prevented a more decisive political move. Instead, Brâncoveanu gathered Wallachian troops in Urlați, near the Moldavian border, awaiting for Russian troops to storm into his country and offer his services to the tsar, while also readying to join the Ottoman counter-offensive in the event of a change in fortunes. When several of his boyars fled to the Russian camp, the prince saw himself forced to decide in favor of the Ottomans or risk becoming an enemy of his Ottoman suzerain, and swiftly returned the gifts he had received from the Russians.
<Ed_Dodd>	Edward Benton Dodd (November 7, 1902 – May 27, 1991) was a 20th-century American cartoonist known for his Mark Trail comic strip.Born in Lafayette, Georgia to Reverend Jesse Mercer Dodd and Effie Cook Dodd (the artist Lamar Dodd was his first cousin), Ed Dodd went to work for Dan Beard, founder of the Boy Scouts of America, at the age of 16. Dodd worked at Beard's camp in Pennsylvania for 13 summers, where he honed his writing and illustration skills under Beard's guidance. Dodd became a scoutmaster and the first paid Youth and Physical Education Director for the city of Gainesville, Georgia.
<Tao_Hong_(actress,_born_1972)>	Tao Hong (Chinese: 陶虹; born 15 January 1972) is a Chinese actress and former synchronised swimmer. A National Games of China champion, Tao was part of the Chinese national team at several synchronised swimming competitions from 1987 to 1991, including the 1991 World Aquatics Championships.As an actress, Tao has received wide acclaim for films like Colors of the Blind (1997) and Forgetting to Know You (2013), though she is better known for hit TV dramas like Sunny Piggy (2000), Nothing in the Mirror (2002), Chuncao (2007) and The Red (2014). Internationally, Tao is probably best known for her small role in the Academy Award-winning film The Red Violin (1998).
<Rudolf_Klein-Rogge>	Friedrich Rudolf Klein (24 November 1885 – 29 May 1955), better known as Rudolf Klein-Rogge, was a German film actor, best known for playing sinister figures in films in the 1920s and 1930s as well as being a mainstay in director Fritz Lang's Weimar-era films. He is probably best known in popular culture, particularly to English-speaking audiences, for playing the archetypal mad scientist role of C. A. Rotwang in Lang's Metropolis and as the criminal genius Doctor Mabuse.  Klein-Rogge also appeared in several important French films in the late 1920s and early 1930s.Friedrich Rudolf Klein was born in Cologne, Germany on 24 November 1885. His father, Hermann Rudolf Klein, was a military lawyer who served as auditeur (the equivalent of Judge Advocate General) for the 15th Division of the Prussian Army, garrisoned at Cologne. His mother, Maria Bertha Emma Rose, was the daughter of a prominent landowner (gutsbesitzer) in Lichteinen, East Prussia.The elder Klein hoped his son would follow him into a military career and entered him in one of the elite Prussian cadet academies (possibly nearby Bensberg). These institutions were famous for their harsh discipline and dedication to Spartan ideals; many of Germany's most renowned 19th and 20th century military leaders attended such schools. On his deathbed, however, Klein-Rogge confided to a friend that when a teacher went after him (sich an ihm verging) he ran away from school. Traveling by night and hiding during the day, the boy returned home only to be told by his father that he was a Weichling and from henceforth he was the "black sheep" of his family.
<Camera_di_Commercio,_Industria,_Agricoltura_e_Artigianato>	The Chamber of Commerce, Industry, Agriculture and Artisanship (Italian: Camera di Commercio, Industria, Agricoltura e Artigianato, CCIAA) is a group of Italian organizations that promote business activities. Companies are required to register in the chamber of the province in which they belong and to fill their annual financial accounts to Registro delle Imprese, a division of the chamber.The chamber is also involved in direct investments in companies, such as Bologna Chamber of Commerce is the major shareholder of Aeroporto Guglielmo Marconi di Bologna, the operator of Bologna Airport, as well as Tecno Holding, a consortium that owned a minority stake in Società Azionaria Gestione Aeroporto Torino and Autostrade Lombarde.
<Gold_Medal_of_the_Royal_Astronomical_Society>	The Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society is the highest award given by the Royal Astronomical Society (RAS). The RAS Council have "complete freedom as to the grounds on which it is awarded" and it can be awarded for any reason. Past awards have been given for "outstanding personal researches in the fields of astronomy and geophysics" as well as general contributions to astronomy and geophysics "that may be made through leadership in research programmes, through education and through scientific administration". It has been awarded both for research that has taken a lifetime (it has most frequently been given to recognise an extraordinary lifetime achievement), and for specific pieces of research.The RAS was founded in 1820 and the first Gold Medals were awarded in 1824. Silver medals were also awarded in 1824 and 1827, but that practice was quickly abandoned, instead the RAS established other awards.
<Islington>	Islington (/ˈɪzlɪŋtən/) is a district in the north of Greater London, England, and part of the London Borough of Islington. It is a mainly residential district of Inner London, extending from Islington's High Street to Highbury Fields, encompassing the area around the busy High Street, Upper Street, Essex Road (former "Lower Street"), and Southgate Road to the east.Islington grew as a sprawling Middlesex village along the line of the Great North Road, and has provided the name of the modern borough. This gave rise to some confusion, as neighbouring districts may also be said to be in Islington. This district is bounded by Liverpool Road to the west and City Road and Southgate Road to the south-east. Its northernmost point is in the area of Canonbury. The main north–south high street, Upper Street splits at Highbury Corner to Holloway Road to the west and St. Paul's Road to the east.
<Judith_Light>	Judith Ellen Light (born February 9, 1949) is an American actress. She made her professional stage debut in 1970, before making her Broadway debut in the 1975 revival of A Doll's House. Her breakthrough role was in the ABC daytime soap opera One Life to Live from 1977 to 1983, where she played the role of Karen Wolek; for this role, she won two consecutive Daytime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series. Light starred as Angela Bower in the long-running ABC sitcom Who's the Boss? from 1984 to 1992, and was featured in many other television sitcoms, dramas, and films.Light played the recurring role of Elizabeth Donnelly in the NBC legal crime drama Law & Order: Special Victims Unit (2002–2010) and also played Claire Meade in the ABC comedy-drama Ugly Betty (2006–2010), for which she was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award in 2007. From 2013 to 2014, she played the role of villainous Judith Brown Ryland in the TNT drama series, Dallas. In 2014, she began starring as Shelly Pfefferman in the critically acclaimed Amazon Studios dark comedy-drama series Transparent, for which she received nominations for several Golden Globe, Primetime Emmy, and Critics' Choice Award nominations. She received another Primetime Emmy and Critics' Choice Award nominations for playing Marilyn Miglin in The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime Story in 2018. In 2019, she was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.Light received her first nomination for a Tony Award in 2011, for her performance in the original Broadway play Lombardi. In 2012 and 2013, she won two consecutive Tony Awards for Best Featured Actress in a Play, for her performances in Other Desert Cities and The Assembled Parties. Light is a prominent LGBTQ+ and HIV/AIDS activist. Her advocacy work began in the early 1980s, in the early days of the HIV/AIDS epidemic.
<Eric_Garris>	Eric Garris (born December 24, 1953) is an activist in the libertarian movement in the United States, reaching back to the Vietnam War. He is the founder and webmaster of a daily nonpartisan, news source Antiwar.com which was launched in 1995.Garris was born in Paris, France and raised in Southern California from the age of 2. He became politically active at an early age, organizing rallies and distributing leaflets in his Los Angeles high school and actively resisting the Vietnam war and draft. As a red diaper baby, Garris marched in civil rights demonstrations at age 8, was expelled from high school for instigating a riot at age 16, and became a Vietnam War draft resister by the time he was an adult. He considered himself a leftist for most of his early years, but that political position changed by the time he turned 20.
<Solomon_Kullback>	Solomon Kullback (April 3, 1907 – August 5, 1994) was an American cryptanalyst and mathematician, who was one of the first three employees hired by William F. Friedman at the US Army's Signal Intelligence Service (SIS) in the 1930s, along with Frank Rowlett and Abraham Sinkov. He went on to a long and distinguished career at SIS and its eventual successor, the National Security Agency (NSA). Kullback was the Chief Scientist at the NSA until his retirement in 1962, whereupon he took a position at the George Washington University.The Kullback–Leibler divergence is named after Kullback and Richard Leibler.Kullback was born to Jewish parents in Brooklyn, New York. His father Nathan had been born in Vilna, Russian Empire, (now Vilnius, Lithuania) and had immigrated to the US as a young man circa 1905, and became a naturalized American in 1911. Kullback attended Boys High School in Brooklyn. He then went to City College of New York, graduating with a BA in 1927 and an MA in math in 1929. He completed a doctorate in math from George Washington University in 1934. His intention had been to teach, and he returned to Boy's High School to do so, but found it not to his taste; he discovered his real interest was using mathematics, not teaching it.[citation needed]
<In_Time_with_You>	In Time with You (Chinese: 我可能不會愛你; lit. 'I Might Not Love You') is a 2011 Taiwanese television series written by Mag Hsu  and directed by Winnie Chu. It stars Ariel Lin and Chen Bolin.Cheng You Qing (Ariel Lin) is the manager of a Taiwanese shoe manufacturer. On her 30th birthday, Cheng You Qing receives an email on "the symptoms of premature aging" from Li Da Ren (Chen Bolin), her best friend who she has known since high school. Unable to accept that he is like a bottle of fine wine that will get better with age and she is like a grape that will dry into a raisin as years go by, she agrees to a bet with Da Ren to see who will get married first before they turn 35. So they start to look for their potential lovers.
<Hywel_Simons>	Hywel Simons (born 10 February 1970) is a British actor from Neath, Wales.Born in Neath, he was brought up in Porthcawl. He started acting while a pupil at Porthcawl Comprehensive School, before he went on to study at LAMDA.
<Jack_R._Lousma>	Jack Robert Lousma (born February 29, 1936) is an American astronaut, aeronautical engineer, retired United States Marine Corps officer, former naval aviator, NASA astronaut, and politician. He was a member of the second crew, Skylab-3, on the Skylab space station in 1973. In 1982, he commanded STS-3, the third Space Shuttle mission. Lousma was inducted into the United States Astronaut Hall of Fame in 1997. He is the last living crew member of both of his spaceflights.Lousma was later the Republican Party nominee for a seat in the United States Senate from Michigan in 1984, losing to incumbent Carl Levin who won his second of six terms.
<Yehuda_Avner>	Yehuda Avner (Hebrew: יהודה אבנר; December 30, 1928 – March 24, 2015) was an Israeli prime ministerial advisor, diplomat, and author. He served as Speechwriter and Secretary to Israeli Prime Ministers Golda Meir and Levi Eshkol, and as Advisor to Israeli Prime Ministers Yitzhak Rabin, Menachem Begin, and Shimon Peres. Avner served in diplomatic positions at the Israeli Consulate in New York, and the Israeli Embassy to the US in Washington, DC, and as Israel's Ambassador to Britain, Ireland and Australia. In 2010, he turned his insider stories about Israeli politics and diplomacy into a bestselling book, The Prime Ministers, which subsequently became the basis for a two-part documentary movie. In 2015, his novel, The Ambassador, which Avner co-authored with thriller writer Matt Rees, was posthumously published.Lawrence Haffner (later Yehuda Avner) was born in Manchester, England in 1928. He was active in the religious Zionist youth movement, Bnei Akiva, and was committed to helping build a Jewish state. In The Prime Ministers, he recalls the anti-Semitism he saw and experienced in Britain, including anti-Semitic rioting in the aftermath of the Sergeants affair. Upon high school graduation, he moved to Jerusalem, then part of British Mandatory Palestine in November 1947.Avner fought in the Siege of Jerusalem during Israel's 1948 War of Independence. In 1949, he was amongst the founders of Kibbutz Lavi, a religious kibbutz located in Israel's Galilee region. He temporarily moved back to Britain to work for the Bnei Akiva movement as National Director ("Mazkir"). In 1953, he married Mimi Cailingold, a fellow British Jewish immigrant who was the sister of Esther Cailingold. He returned to Israel with his wife in 1954. The couple had four children.
<Japan>	Japan (Japanese: 日本, Nippon or Nihon, and formally 日本国, Nihonkoku) is an island country in East Asia. It is situated in the northwest Pacific Ocean, and is bordered on the west by the Sea of Japan, while extending from the Sea of Okhotsk in the north toward the East China Sea, Philippine Sea, and Taiwan in the south. Japan is a part of the Ring of Fire, and spans an archipelago of 6852 islands covering 377,975 square kilometers (145,937 sq mi); the five main islands are Hokkaido, Honshu (the "mainland"), Shikoku, Kyushu, and Okinawa. Tokyo is the nation's capital and largest city, followed by Yokohama, Osaka, Nagoya, Sapporo, Fukuoka, Kobe, and Kyoto.Japan is the eleventh most populous country in the world, as well as one of the most densely populated and urbanized. About three-fourths of the country's terrain is mountainous, concentrating its population of 123.2 million on narrow coastal plains. Japan is divided into 47 administrative prefectures and eight traditional regions. The Greater Tokyo Area is the most populous metropolitan area in the world, with more than 35.6 million residents.
<Joris-Karl_Huysmans>	Charles-Marie-Georges Huysmans (US: /wiːsˈmɒ̃s/, French: [ʃaʁl maʁi ʒɔʁʒ ɥismɑ̃s]; 5 February 1848 – 12 May 1907) was a French novelist and art critic who published his works as Joris-Karl Huysmans (pronounced [ʒɔʁis kaʁl -], variably abbreviated as J. K. or J.-K.). He is most famous for the novel À rebours (1884, published in English as Against the Grain and as Against Nature). He supported himself by way of a 30-year career in the French civil service.Huysmans's work is considered remarkable for its idiosyncratic use of the French language, large vocabulary, descriptions, satirical wit and far-ranging erudition. First considered part of Naturalism, he became associated with the decadent movement with his publication of À rebours. His work expressed his deep pessimism, which had led him to the philosophy of Arthur Schopenhauer. In later years, his novels reflected his study of Catholicism, religious conversion, and becoming an oblate. He discussed the iconography of Christian architecture at length in La cathédrale (1898), set at Chartres and with its cathedral as the focus of the book.Là-bas (1891), En route (1895) and La cathédrale (1898) are a trilogy that feature Durtal, a character on a spiritual journey who eventually converts to Catholicism. In the novel that follows, L'Oblat (1903), Durtal becomes an oblate in a monastery, as Huysmans himself was in the Benedictine Abbey at Ligugé, near Poitiers, in 1901. La cathédrale was his most commercially successful work. Its profits enabled Huysmans to retire from his civil service job and live on his royalties.
<HNK_Hajduk_Split>	Hrvatski nogometni klub Hajduk Split, commonly referred to as Hajduk Split (Croatian pronunciation: [xǎjduːk splît]) or simply Hajduk, is a Croatian professional football club based in Split, that competes in the Croatian First League, the top tier in Croatian football. Since 1979, the club's home ground has been the 34,198-seater Stadion Poljud. The team's traditional home colours are white shirts with blue shorts and blue socks. The idea to form a football club was started by group of Split students who were studying in Prague. After observing a game between Slavia and Sparta Prague, the group gathered at the U Fleků tavern and talked of creating a football club at home. When they returned to Split, they put their plan in motion and Hajduk was founded on 13 February 1911. Between the early 1920s and 1940, Hajduk regularly participated in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia national championship. Following World War II and the formation of the Yugoslav league system in 1946, Hajduk went on to spend the entire SFR Yugoslavia period at the top level. Following the breakup of Yugoslavia, the club joined the Croatian First League in its inaugural season in 1992, never having been relegated from its top tier. Hajduk is thus the only ex-Yugoslav side to have never been relegated from the top flight since the foundation of the original Yugoslavia, though a number of ex-Yugoslav clubs have long spells in the top flight dating to the SFR Yugoslavia era. 
<Sweden>	Coordinates: 63°N 16°E﻿ / ﻿63°N 16°E﻿ / 63; 16– in Europe (green & dark grey)– in the European Union (green)  –  [Legend]Sweden, formally the Kingdom of Sweden, is a Nordic country in Scandinavia. It borders Norway to the west and north, Finland to the east, and is connected to Denmark in the southwest by a bridge–tunnel across the Øresund. At 450,295 square kilometres (173,860 sq mi), Sweden is the largest Nordic country, the third-largest country in the European Union, and the fifth-largest country in Europe. The capital and largest city is Stockholm. Sweden has a total population of 10.5 million, and a low population density of 25.5 inhabitants per square kilometre (66/sq mi), with around 87% of Swedes residing in urban areas in the central and southern half of the country.
<Banca_Intermobiliare>	Banca Intermobiliare di Investimenti e Gestioni S.p.A. known as Banca Intermobiliare or just BIM is a Turin-based wealth management bank.Banca Intermobiliare (BIM) was majority owned by Veneto Banca, an unlisted cooperative bank (People's Bank) that was bail-out by a private equity fund Atlante in 2016. In 2017, Veneto Banca was declared insolvent and under administrative liquidation (Italian: L.C.A.). Intesa Sanpaolo, the largest bank of Italy by capitalization, bought most of the good assets of Veneto Banca and their sister bank Banca Popolare di Vicenza (BPVi) on 26 June 2017. However, Banca Intermobiliare and sister bank FarBanca (of BPVi group) were excluded. On 6 July 2017, Veneto Banca made an open invitation to sell Banca Intermobiliare. In September 2018, Banca Intermobiliare approved the strategic plan for three-year (2019-2021).After being taken private, the bank was restructured and renamed Banca Investis in 2022. 
<Stewart_Resnick>	Stewart Allen Resnick (born December 24, 1936) is an American billionaire businessman and philanthropist. In 2018, Resnick was the wealthiest farmer in the United States. Resnick and his wife, Lynda Resnick, bought The Franklin Mint in 1986 and sold it in 2006. Since 1979 Resnick has been the chairman and president of The Wonderful Company. He is married to Lynda Resnick, and through their holding company they own the POM Wonderful and Fiji Water brands, Wonderful Pistachios and Almonds, Wonderful Halos, JUSTIN Wines, Landmark Wines, JNSQ Wines and the Teleflora floral wire service company.Resnick was born in 1936, and raised in a middle-class Jewish family in New Jersey and later moved to California with his family in the 1950s. His grandfather had immigrated from Ukraine when his father was 3.  In 1959, he graduated with a BS from the University of California, Los Angeles and then a JD from the UCLA School of Law. While in law school, he founded his first business, a janitorial services company, which he sold in 1969.With the money he made from his first company, Resnick bought The Franklin Mint, a subsidiary of Roll International Corporation, in 1986. Franklin Mint is known for making model cars, souvenir plates, figurines, and Civil War-inspired chess sets. Resnick served as CEO and chairman of the Franklin Mint Company until its sale in 2006. Since 1979 Resnick has served as President and chairman of The Wonderful Company, formerly known as Roll Global, which owns many businesses in Central California and beyond. Through this holding company he and his wife own the POM Wonderful and Fiji Water brands, Wonderful Halos, Wonderful Pistachios and Almonds, JUSTIN Wines, Landmark Wines, JNSQ Wines, Suterra Pest Control and the Teleflora floral wire service company. Resnick sat on the board of directors of LeapFrog Enterprises from 2002 to 2005.
<Credito_Valtellinese>	Credito Valtellinese (Creval) is an Italian bank based in Sondrio, Lombardy, Italy. The company was a former component of FTSE Italia Mid Cap Index of the Borsa Italiana (Milan Stock Exchange), but was removed and added as a component of FTSE Italia Small Cap [it] Index in May 2017; the bank was added back to the reserve list of FTSE Italia Mid Cap in August 2017.The bank is named after the area Valtellina. The bank had 363 branches in Northern Italy (as Credito Valtellinese), 40 branches in Marche and Umbria (former Carifano), and 133 branches in Sicily (as Credito Siciliano). Credito Siciliano had three more branches outside the island of Sicily.
<Grand_Rapids,_Michigan>	Grand Rapids is a city and county seat of Kent County in the U.S. state of Michigan.  At the 2020 census, the city had a population of 198,917 which ranks it as the second most-populated city in the state after Detroit.  Grand Rapids is the central city of the Grand Rapids metropolitan area, which has a population of 1,087,592 and a combined statistical area population of 1,383,918.Situated along the Grand River approximately 25 miles (40 km) east of Lake Michigan, it is the economic and cultural hub of West Michigan, as well as one of the fastest-growing cities in the Midwest.  A historic furniture manufacturing center, Grand Rapids is home to five of the world's leading office furniture companies and is nicknamed "Furniture City". Other nicknames include "River City" and more recently, "Beer City" (the latter given by USA Today and adopted by the city as a brand). The city and surrounding communities are economically diverse, based in the health care, information technology, automotive, aviation, and consumer goods manufacturing industries, among others.
<Turkey_national_under-21_football_team>	Turkey's national Under-21 football team (Turkish: Ümit Milli Futbol Takımı), also known as Turkey Under-21s or Turkey U-21s, is the Under-21 years of age team of the Turkey national football team.This team is for Turkish players aged 21 or under at the start of a two-year European Under-21 Football Championship campaign, so players can be, and often are, up to 23 years old. Also in existence are teams for Under-20s (for non-UEFA tournaments), Under-19s and Under 17s. As long as they are eligible, players can play at any level, making it possible to play for the U-21s, senior side and again for the U-21s, as Oğuzhan Özyakup has done recently. It is also possible to play for one country at youth level and another at senior level (providing the player is eligible).  Win  Draw  Loss
<Lubomirski_Palace,_Warsaw>	Lubomirski Palace (Polish: Pałac Lubomirskich) is a palace in central Warsaw, which was built in the 18th century for the Radziwiłł family.In the 18th century the Radziwiłł family bought the northern areas of town near Warsaw's Wielopole region. In 1730, the palace belonged to the architect Jan Zygmunt Deybl. In 1760 the residence was meant to be rebuilt in a late baroque style, but the construction was not completed. Renovations were led by Jakub Fontana, a renowned architect at the time.In 1790, the residence and the adjacent lands were bought by nobleman and aristocrat Aleksander Lubomirski. From 1791 to 1793 the palace was converted into a neoclassical design by Joachim Hempel. Among other things, a colonnade was added, consisting of 10 large columns and the floor of the courtyard and outbuilding floor on the main building were added. Lubomirski's wife, Rozalia Lubomirska (who was later executed on the guillotine during the French Revolution) lived in the palace.
<Simon_A._Levin>	Simon Asher Levin (born April 22, 1941) is an American ecologist and the James S. McDonnell Distinguished University Professor in Ecology and Evolutionary Biology and the director of the Center for BioComplexity at Princeton University. He specializes in using mathematical modeling and empirical studies in the understanding of macroscopic patterns of ecosystems and biological diversities.Levin received his B.A. from Johns Hopkins University. He went on to receive his Ph.D. from University of Maryland in mathematics, which is part of the University of Maryland College of Computer, Mathematical, and Natural Sciences.At Cornell University 1965–1992, he was chair of the Section of Ecology and Systematics, and then director of the Ecosystems Research Center, the Center for Environmental Research and the Program on Theoretical and Computational Biology, as well as Charles A. Alexander Professor of Biological Sciences (1985–1992).
<Superior_Coach_Company>	Superior Coach was a coachbuilder in the American automotive industry. Founded in 1909 as the Garford Motor Truck Company, Superior is best known for constructing bodies for professional cars (hearses) and school buses. Following major downturns in both segments in the late 1970s, Superior was liquidated by its parent company in 1980. From 1925 to 1980, the company was based in Lima, Ohio.After its 1980 closure, the Superior name would live on through several other companies.  The manufacturing of school buses would play a part of the formation of Mid Bus (acquired by Collins Industries in 2008) and the professional car operations would remain in Lima as part of Accubuilt.In 1909, the Garford Motor Truck Company was established in Elyria, Ohio, a small town 30 miles outside Cleveland.
<Umashankar_Joshi>	Umashankar Jethalal Joshi (pronunciation (help·info)) (21 July 1911 – 19 December 1988) was an Indian poet, scholar and writer known for his contributions to Gujarati literature. He wrote most of his works in Gujarati.Umashankar Joshi was born to Jethalal Kamalji and Navalbai in a small village named Bamna (now in Bhiloda Taluka of Aravalli district, Gujarat). He had eight siblings including six brothers and two sisters.
<Paul_Doughty_Bartlett>	Paul Doughty Bartlett (August 14, 1907 – October 11, 1997) was an American chemist.Bartlett was born in Ann Arbor, Michigan and grew up in Indianapolis. He received his B.A. from Amherst College in 1928. After his graduation from Harvard with James Bryant Conant, Bartlett worked at the Rockefeller Institute and the University of Minnesota. Most of his career was spent at Harvard. Among other achievements, Bartlett was co-author with Lawrence H. Knox of a classic paper on organic reaction mechanisms.  After his retirement in 1972, he started his second career at Texas Christian University.He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1946 and the United States National Academy of Sciences in 1947. He was awarded the  Willard Gibbs Award in 1963, National Medal of Science in 1968, and the John Price Wetherill Medal in 1970. In 1969, Paul Doughty Bartlett was elected as member of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina. He was elected to the American Philosophical Society in 1978.
<Richard_Clipston_Sturgis>	Richard Clipston Sturgis (1860-1951), generally known as R. Clipston Sturgis, was an American architect based in Boston, Massachusetts.Richard Clipston Sturgis was born December 24, 1860 in Boston, Massachusetts to Russell and Susan Codman (Welles) Sturgis. His father was a son of merchant Russell Sturgis and a brother of architect John Hubbard Sturgis. He was educated in the private school of George Washington Copp Noble, now the Noble and Greenough School. He entered Harvard College in 1877, graduating in 1881. From 1881 to 1883 to worked in the office of his uncle, Sturgis & Brigham. He then sailed to England, where he worked until late 1884 for London architect Robert William Edis, then engaged on an extension to Sandringham House. After leaving Edis he spent two years touring Europe. In August 1886 his uncle dissolved his partnership, and the younger Sturgis returned to Boston to help manage the office.In May 1887 John Hubbard Sturgis returned to his native England to manage his father's affairs, with the younger Sturgis left in charge in Boston. In February 1888 his uncle died in England, and the younger Sturgis succeeded to the practice. He was responsible for completing his uncle's unfinished works, including the Church of the Advent and the new building of the Boston Athletic Association. In May he formed a partnership with William Robinson Cabot, known as Sturgis & Cabot. Cabot was a son of architect Edward Clarke Cabot. This continued until it was dissolved in May 1895, after which Sturgis continued alone. In July 1902 he formed a new partnership with George Edward Barton, known as Sturgis & Barton. In addition to a Boston office this firm also had a New York office at Tuxedo Park. This partnership was dissolved after a period of six years. He again was sole proprietor of his firm until 1922, when he reorganized his firm as The Office of R. Clipston Sturgis, with William Stanley Parker, William B. Coffin, William Adams, S. Winthrop St. Clair and Alanson Hall Sturgis, his nephew, as associates. Ten years later, in 1932, Sturgis retired. The firm was then reorganized as Sturgis Associates Inc. Parker was head of the new firm, though Sturgis remained associated as a consultant.
<Loren_Pankratz>	Loren Pankratz (born February 27, 1940[citation needed]) is a consultation psychologist at the Portland VA Medical Center and professor in the department of psychiatry at Oregon Health & Science University (OHSU).Following his retirement in 1995, he maintained a forensic practice until 2012.[citation needed]  He testified nationally on cases of Münchausen syndrome by proxy (MBP), often defending mothers accused of harming their children.He has written and lectured on a wide variety of unusual topics such as dancing manias, spiritualism, Greek oracles, ghosts, plagues, historical enigmas, mesmerism, moral panics, con-games, self-deception, faith healing, self-surgery, miracles, ethical blunders, quackery, and renaissance science.[citation needed]  He has also published magic history, magic tricks, and mentalism effects in magazines. Pankratz, along with Ray Hyman and Jerry Andrus, was a founding faculty member of the Skeptic's Toolbox in Eugene, Oregon. Pankratz is also a Fellow for the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry.
<Matthew_Collins>	Matthew Collins may refer to:
<PO_Corrèze>	The PO Corrèze (POC) is a former metre-gauge railway in the Corrèze department in central France. The concession was granted to the Chemin de Fer de Paris à Orléans (PO) and constructed by the Société de Construction des Batignolles. Together with the Chemin de fer du Blanc-Argent and the Blois à Saint Aignan, they formed the metre-gauge network of the PO.The centre of the railway was at Tulle, where there was a connection with the SNCF, and consisted of three lines:There was also a connection with the Tramways de Corrèze (TC) at Saint Bonnet Avalouze. TC used POC tracks to reach Tulle.
<Milky_Way>	The Milky Way is the galaxy that includes our Solar System, with the name describing the galaxy's appearance from Earth: a hazy band of light seen in the night sky formed from stars that cannot be individually distinguished by the naked eye. The term Milky Way is a translation of the Latin via lactea, from the Greek γαλακτικός κύκλος (galaktikos kýklos), meaning "milky circle". From Earth, the Milky Way appears as a band because its disk-shaped structure is viewed from within. Galileo Galilei first resolved the band of light into individual stars with his telescope in 1610. Until the early 1920s, most astronomers thought that the Milky Way contained all the stars in the Universe. Following the 1920 Great Debate between the astronomers Harlow Shapley and Heber Curtis, observations by Edwin Hubble showed that the Milky Way is just one of many galaxies.The Milky Way is a barred spiral galaxy with an estimated D25 isophotal diameter of 26.8 ± 1.1 kiloparsecs (87,400 ± 3,590 light-years), but only about 1,000 light years thick at the spiral arms (more at the bulge). Recent simulations suggest that a dark matter area, also containing some visible stars, may extend up to a diameter of almost 2 million light-years (613 kpc). The Milky Way has several satellite galaxies and is part of the Local Group of galaxies, which form part of the Virgo Supercluster, which is itself a component of the Laniakea Supercluster.
<Susan_Douglas_Rubes>	Susan Douglas Rubeš C.M. (13 March 1925 – 23 January 2013) was an Austrian-born Canadian actress and producer. She was sometimes credited as Susan Douglas or Susan Rubes.Rubeš was born Zuzka Zenta Bursteinová in Vienna, Austria, the only child of Charlotte and Alfred Burstein. Her family was Jewish. When Zuzka was a child, her parents moved to a farm in Czechoslovakia, where they bred race horses. Her family took her to the theater or opera in Brno, and, on occasion, would visit Zuzka's maternal grandmother in Vienna, the manager of the Burgtheater. She began studying ballet at the age of eight. In 1939, Alfred and Charlotte moved to Paris to escape the German invasion, and a year later, Zuzka and her mother moved to the United States to escape the war in Europe, three months before the Germans invaded Paris. Emigration to the U.S. was allowed on the basis of annual quotas. Charlotte was allowed in the country on  the basis of her birth in Italy, as Italy's quota had not been filled for that year.  Alfred Burstein moved to London to work for the Czechoslovak government-in-exile.As Charlotte was not happy in her marriage, she arranged a divorce in absentia in Las Vegas and married Edward Weinberger, an agriculturalist. Zuzka learned English (her fourth language) by watching three movies a day. Under the name Suzi Burstein, she attended George Washington High School in New York City. After graduating in 1943, she changed her name to Susan Douglas. Her first name, Zuzka, is Czech for Susan, while she selected Douglas from a phone book.
<Killing_Car>	Killing Car (original title: Femme dangereuse, lit. Dangerous Woman, also known as The Blood Red Car) is a 1993 French surreal revenge thriller film directed by Jean Rollin.A mysterious, young Asian woman enters a scrapyard where the salesman offers her payment-in-kind; the woman appears to be in favour of his service, but suddenly draws a gun and shoots him dead. The woman proceeds to steal a '58 Edsel Corsair, only to be disturbed by the salesman's girlfriend, who begins to shoot back. Following a brief shoot-out between the women, the girlfriend approaches a group of prostitutes. The woman gives chase, gunning down the prostitutes, while the girlfriend escapes, but is eventually located and killed. A little toy car is discovered amongst the body as a calling card as two detectives investigate the case, one the which, the senior detective, seems to be dismissive and is almost due for retirement, while the young detective is convinced there is more to it than meets the eye.The mysterious woman tracks a couple, Robert and Sylvie, to a country farmhouse, killing Sylvie, and severely wounding Robert. Before he dies he realises that he and the woman were connected to an incident that occurred one year prior. A man named Marc and his girlfriend, Monique, arrive at the farmhouse to meet with Robert, to do an illegal deal over a stolen Goddess of Fertility statue, only to find the woman waiting for them and claiming to be an acquaintance of Robert's. Marc agrees to do the deal with her, but Monique is suspicious of her intentions. Monique goes to the barn and screams when she finds Robert and Sylvie's bodies. Marc runs to her aid and is shot dead, while Monique tries to defend herself, to no avail, the woman impales her with a pitchfork.
<Fredric_March>	Fredric March (born Ernest Frederick McIntyre Bickel; August 31, 1897 – April 14, 1975) was an American actor, regarded as one of Hollywood's most celebrated, versatile stars of the 1930s and 1940s. He won the Academy Award for Best Actor for Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (1931) and The Best Years of Our Lives (1946), as well as the Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play for Years Ago (1947) and Long Day's Journey into Night (1956).March is one of only two actors, the other being Helen Hayes, to have won both the Academy Award and the Tony Award twice.
<Jennifer_Aniston>	Jennifer Joanna Aniston (born February 11, 1969) is an American actress and film producer. She is the recipient of various accolades, including a Primetime Emmy Award, a Golden Globe Award and two Screen Actors Guild Awards. Since her career progressed in the 1990s, she has become one of the world's highest-paid actresses. The daughter of actors John Aniston and Nancy Dow, she began working as an actress at an early age with an uncredited role in the 1988 film Mac and Me; her first major film role came in the 1993 horror comedy Leprechaun. She rose to international fame for her role as Rachel Green on the television sitcom Friends (1994–2004), for which she earned Primetime Emmy, Golden Globe, and Screen Actors Guild awards. She has since starred in commercially successful comedy films such as Bruce Almighty (2003), The Break-Up (2006), Marley & Me (2008), Just Go with It (2011), Horrible Bosses (2011), and We're the Millers (2013), each of which grossed over $200 million in worldwide box office receipts. Some of her most critically acclaimed film roles include Office Space (1999), The Good Girl (2002), Friends with Money (2006), Cake (2014), and Dumplin' (2018). She returned to television in 2019, producing and starring in the Apple TV+ drama series The Morning Show, for which she won another Screen Actors Guild Award.
<Great_House_(novel)>	Great House is the third novel by the American writer Nicole Krauss, published on October 12, 2010 by W. W. Norton & Company. Early versions of the first chapter were published in Harper's ("From the Desk of Daniel Varsky", 2007),[1] Best American Short Stories 2008, and The New Yorker ("The Young Painters", June 2010). Great House was a finalist for the 2010 National Book Award in Fiction.For 25 years, a reclusive American novelist has been writing at the desk she inherited from a young Chilean poet who disappeared at the hands of Pinochet’s secret police; one day a girl claiming to be the poet’s daughter arrives to take it away, sending the writer’s life reeling. Across the ocean, in the leafy suburbs of London, a man caring for his dying wife discovers, among her papers, a lock of hair that unravels a terrible secret. In Jerusalem, an antiques dealer slowly reassembles his father’s study, plundered by the Nazis in Budapest in 1944.Linking these stories is a desk of many drawers that exerts a power over those who possess it or have given it away.
<Battlefield_(video_game_series)>	Battlefield is a series of first-person shooter video games developed by Swedish company EA DICE and is published by American company Electronic Arts. It started out on Microsoft Windows and OS X with Battlefield 1942, which was released in 2002. The Battlefield series has been played by more than 50 million players worldwide as of August 2012.The series features a particular focus on large maps, teamwork and combined arms warfare. The PC games in the series are mainly focused on online multiplayer.Battlefield series games usually focus on large-scale, online multiplayer battles. Playing in squads has become a major element of games in the series. Apart from soldiers, also tanks, airplanes, and other vehicles may participate in these battles.
<Wolf_Prize_in_Medicine>	The Wolf Prize in Medicine is awarded annually by the Wolf Foundation in Israel. It is one of the six Wolf Prizes established by the Foundation and awarded since 1978; the others are in Agriculture, Chemistry, Mathematics, Physics and Arts. The Prize has been stated to be the second most prestigious award in science, and a significant predictor of the Nobel Prize.Source:
<Stefán_Gíslason>	Stefán Gíslason (born 15 March 1980 in Fjarðabyggð) is an Icelandic retired footballer and manager who last played for Breiðablik in the Icelandic Premier League as a defensive midfielder. He is currently managing Søgne in the Norwegian Fourth Division.As a player, Gíslason was renowned for coupling physical power with great technique and is the younger brother of fellow international player Valur Gíslason. In 2017, Gíslason starting his career as manager at Haukar, where he resigned at the end of the season.
<Thomas_W._Lamb>	Thomas White Lamb (May 5th, 1870 – February 26th, 1942) was a Scottish-born, American architect. He was one of the foremost designers of theaters and cinemas in the 20th century.Born in Dundee, Scotland, United Kingdom, Thomas W. Lamb came to the United States at the age of 12. He studied architecture at Cooper Union in New York and initially worked for the City of New York as an inspector. His architecture firm, Thomas W. Lamb, Inc., was located at 36 West 40th Street in Manhattan, New York.Lamb achieved recognition as one of the leading architects of the boom in movie theater construction of the 1910s and 1920s. Particularly associated with the Fox Theatres, Loew's Theatres and Keith-Albee chains of vaudeville and film theaters, Lamb was instrumental in establishing and developing the design and construction of the large, lavishly decorated theaters, known as "movie palaces", as showcases for the films of the emerging Hollywood studios.
<Eastern_Standard>	Eastern Standard is a play by Richard Greenberg. Set in 1987, it focuses on yuppies, AIDS, the stock market and insider trading scandals, homelessness, and urban malaise.In the first act, very successful but disenchanted architect Stephen Wheeler is lunching with his best friend from their days at Dartmouth College, rising avant-garde gay artist Drew Paley, in a trendy restaurant on the Upper East Side of Manhattan. Seated at the adjoining table are Wall Street investment counselor Phoebe Kidde and her television producer brother Peter, who has just revealed he has AIDS to her. When boisterous homeless woman May Logan enters the restaurant and creates a scene, the four diners and their frazzled waitress Ellen find themselves thrown together, and they eventually strike up an unlikely alliance.In the second act, six months have elapsed, and the sextet are spending the weekend at Stephen's summer house in The Hamptons. Stephen and Phoebe find they share a mutual attraction, while Peter, unprepared to discuss his recent diagnosis, is trying to discourage Drew's amorous advances. Representing the lower class are Ellen and May, whose presence forces everyone to reexamine their lives and reevaluate their priorities.
<Doña_Bárbara_(1943_film)>	Doña Bárbara is a 1943 Mexican romantic drama film directed by Fernando de Fuentes and starring María Félix and Julián Soler.  The film is based on the 1929 novel Doña Bárbara by Venezuelan author Rómulo Gallegos, who also co-wrote the screenplay.Bárbara is an attractive woman raised mostly on the rivers of Venezuela by her riverboat captain father. Her mother was an Indian woman who died while giving birth to her. She was madly in love with young Asdrúbal until tragedy smashed everything. Some of the men who worked for her father stole their boat and killed her father. The bandits then raped her and shot her boyfriend. This caused her to hate men, but at the same time sleeps with them to get what she wants. She becomes involved with Lorenzo Barquero, the owner of a cattle ranch, with whom she becomes pregnant and has a daughter named Marisela. Barbara later steals Lorenzo's home and fortune and kicks both him and their daughter out, leaving them to fend for themselves with absolutely nothing. Santos is the only remaining son of the Luzardo family, who had a feud with the Barqueros. He returns to his hacienda, Altamira, planning to sell it. Undeterred, Santos sets out to save his cousin Lorenzo and to educate young Marisela. After Barbara sees one of her old rapists and kills him she decides that in order to gain back the peace and happiness that was stolen from her that horrible night she must find and kill all five of her rapists.
<Lutte_Internationale>	Lutte Internationale (French pronunciation: ​[lyt ɛ̃tɛʁnasjɔnal]; "International Wrestling") was a professional wrestling promotion based in Montreal from 1980 until 1987. The promotion was founded by Frank Valois, André the Giant and Gino Brito as Promotions Varoussac (VAlois, ROUSSimoff, and ACcocella Promotions). Lutte Internationale succeeded All-Star Wrestling and Grand Prix Wrestling as Quebec's top wrestling promotion for most of the 1980s.It was the second of Canada's three major wrestling promotions, along with Maple Leaf Wrestling and Stampede Wrestling, to be put out of business by the World Wrestling Federation (now known as WWE). Many French Canadian professional wrestlers of the 1980s wrestling boom came to the U.S. from Lutte Internationale including, most notably, Dino Bravo, Rick Martel, Ronnie Garvin and The Rougeaus. The promotion's close in 1987 marked the end of the fifty-year "Golden Age of Wrestling" in Quebec.The promotion was founded by Frank Valois, André the Giant and Gino Brito as Promotions Varoussac, the latter made up of the first letters of their family names (VAlois, ROUSSimoff, and ACcocella). Montreal had been regarded as a wrestling capital since the 1930s, however, the close of All-Star Wrestling and Grand Prix Wrestling in 1975 left the city without a major company. Brito was eager to bring pro wrestling back to Montreal and persuaded fellow Grand Prix alumni André the Giant and manager Frank Valois to join in the venture. Andre was one of the most recognizable stars in the world at the time. Montreal was a second home for the French-born wrestler who owned a restaurant and had other business interests in the city. Between the two of them, Brito and Andre could bring in major U.S. stars though their contacts with the American Wrestling Association and World Wide Wrestling Federation. Andre's manager Frank Valois had the necessary business experience to run a wrestling company. The group believed that by using the traditional model of bringing in international stars to challenge local Quebec wrestlers, as well as taking the best qualities of All-Star and Grand Prix Wrestling, they could revive Quebec's wrestling scene.
<Right_Here_for_U>	"Right Here for U" is the third and final single released from 112's 2003 album, Hot & Wet, released as digital download. Q and Slim share lead vocals.This 2000s R&B/soul music song-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Adrianne_Allen>	Adrianne Allen (7 February 1907 – 14 September 1993) was an English stage actress.Most often seen in light comedy, Allen played Sybil Chase in the original West End production of Private Lives and  Elizabeth Bennet in the 1935 Broadway production of Pride and Prejudice. She appeared in several films and was the mother of actors Daniel and Anna Massey.Allen was born in Manchester on 7 February 1907 to John and Margaret Allen. After her education in France and Germany, she trained as an actress at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, where her 1926 graduation performance caught the attention of Basil Dean, who cast her as Nina Vansittart in the Noël Coward play Easy Virtue, when it arrived to London from Broadway.
<Jordi_Vilasuso>	Jordi Alejandro Vilasuso (/vɪləˈsuːsoʊ/; born June 15, 1981 in Miami, Florida) is a Cuban-American actor best known for originating the role of Tony Santos on the CBS soap opera Guiding Light from August 2000 until August 2003. He has also portrayed the roles of Griffin Castillo on All My Children from 2010 to 2011 and 2013, Dario Hernandez on Days of Our Lives from 2016 to 2017 and Rey Rosales on The Young and the Restless from 2018 to 2022.Vilasuso was raised by his parents, Dr. Frank Vilasuso and Ana Vilasuso, in Coral Gables, Florida. He also has an older brother, Javier, and a younger sister, Marianne. Vilasuso attended Ransom Everglades High School and later Glendale Community College in California.Vilasuso began playing Tony Santos on Guiding Light in August 2000.[citation needed] In 2003, he won the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actor in a Drama Series for his portrayal. Vilasuso was also nominated in the same category in 2002.
<BMW_7_Series_(E32)>	The BMW E32 is the second generation of the BMW 7 Series luxury cars and was produced from 1986 until 1994. It replaced the E23 and was initially available with straight-six or V12 powerplants. In 1992, V8 engines became available. From its inception, the E32 was among the most technologically advanced series of cars in its day.The E32 introduced numerous features including adaptive suspension (EDC), traction control, two available wheelbases (i and iL), and dual-zone climate control. The E32 750i was the first car adhering to "gentlemen's agreement" amongst the German manufacturers limiting maximum speed to 250 km/h (155 mph).Other automotive passenger vehicles features introduced with the E32 included: projector lens headlamps (1986); double glazing windows (1991); HID (Xenon) headlamps (1991).
<Vilhelm_Aubert>	Johan Vilhelm Aubert (7 June 1922 – 19 July 1988) was an influential Norwegian sociologist. He was a professor at the Faculty of Law, University of Oslo from 1963 to 1971 and at the Department of Sociology from 1971 to 1988. He co-founded the Norwegian Institute for Social Research already in 1950, and has been labelled the "father of Norwegian sociology". In his early life he was a member of the anti-Nazi resistance group XU, and while later involved on the radical wing of the Labour Party, he edited the newspaper Orientering.Vilhelm Aubert was born in Kristiania in 1922. He was the older brother of mathematician Karl Egil Aubert, born 1924. Vilhelm Aubert enrolled at the University of Oslo in 1940, the same year as Norway was invaded by Germany as a part of the Second World War. Aubert became a member of the illegal intelligence organization XU.Aubert finally graduated with the cand.jur. degree in 1946. He then lived in the United States for two years, studying sociology and psychology at Columbia and Berkeley. After returning to Norway, he was instrumental in the foundation and consolidation of social science research in Norway, a still fledgling field. He was a joint founder of the Norwegian Institute for Social Research (ISF, or Institutt for samfunnsforsking), an independent research institute in Oslo, along with Arne Næss, Eirik Rinde, and Stein Rokkan in 1950.
<Pony_Poindexter_Plays_the_Big_Ones>	Pony Poindexter Plays the Big Ones is an album by saxophonist Pony Poindexter which was released on the New Jazz label in 1963.Allmusic awarded the album 4 stars.
<John_Nolan_(British_actor)>	John R. Nolan (born 22 May 1938) is a British film and television actor. He is known for his role as Nick Faunt in Shabby Tiger, Wayne Enterprises board member Douglas Fredericks in Batman Begins, the Gotham Tonight promotional segments for The Dark Knight, and The Dark Knight Rises.Nolan had a recurring role in his nephew Jonathan Nolan's television series Person of Interest as John Greer, a mysterious British figure connected with Decima Technologies and the main villain from seasons three to five of the show.
<Anthony_Franciosa>	Volpi Cup for Best Actor1957 A Hatful of RainAnthony George Franciosa (né Papaleo; October 25, 1928 – January 19, 2006) was an American actor most often billed as Tony Franciosa at the height of his career. He began his career on stage and made a breakthrough portraying the brother of the drug addict in the play A Hatful of Rain, which earned him a nomination for the Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Play. He reprised his role in its subsequent film adaptation, for which he won the 1957 Venice Film Festival Award for Best Actor, and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role.After relocating to Hollywood he made numerous feature films, including A Face in the Crowd (1957), The Long, Hot Summer (1958), and Career (1959), for which he won the Golden Globe for Best Actor. In television, he played lead roles in five television series: the sitcom Valentine's Day (1964–65), drama The Name of the Game (1968–71), Search (1972–73), Matt Helm (1975), and Finder of Lost Loves (1984). Later in his career, he acted primarily in Europe, starring in the erotic drama The Cricket (1980) and Dario Argento's giallo Tenebrae (1982).
<WKBF-TV>	WKBF-TV was a television station that broadcast on channel 61 in Cleveland, Ohio, United States, from January 1968 to April 1975. Owned and operated by Kaiser Broadcasting as one of an eventual group of six stations, it was the first ultra high frequency (UHF) independent station to serve northeast Ohio and the last outlet constructed by the Kaiser chain during the 1960s to begin operations. Despite airing several high-profile local programs, Kaiser's efforts to establish itself in Cleveland never took root because of the establishment of a second independent outlet, WUAB, later that same year, as well as general stagnation in the Cleveland market. In April 1975, Kaiser shut WKBF-TV down and sold its programming inventory to WUAB in exchange for a minority stake in that station.WKBF-TV maintained studios in the Cleveland suburb of Euclid, Ohio, while the transmitter was located in nearby Parma.
<Petit_Luxembourg>	The Petit Luxembourg (pronounced [pəti lyksɑ̃buʁ]; "Little Luxembourg") is a French hôtel particulier and the residence of the president of the French Senate. It is located at 17–17 bis, rue de Vaugirard, just west of the Luxembourg Palace, which serves as the seat of the Senate, in the 6th arrondissement of Paris. Originally built around 1550 to the designs of an unknown architect, it is especially noted for the surviving Rococo interiors designed in 1710–1713 by the French architect Germain Boffrand. Further west, at 19 rue de Vaugirard, is the Musée du Luxembourg.The original sixteenth-century building is of obscure origin, but became known as the Hôtel de Luxembourg after its acquisition in 1570 by François de Luxembourg, who in 1581 became Duc de Piney, Pair de France. Marie de Médicis purchased the hôtel in 1612 when she began acquiring property for the construction of the adjacent Luxembourg Palace. The old hôtel soon became known as the Petit Luxembourg to distinguish it from the larger building.
<Jay_Bothroyd>	Jay Bothroyd (born 7 May 1982) is a former English professional footballer who last played as a striker for J1 League club Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo.A product of the Arsenal Academy, he left in 2000 and signed with Coventry City, spending three years with the Sky Blues and becoming the club's top-scorer with 11 goals during the 2002–03 season. His form attracted attention from Serie A's Perugia, and he signed with the club in 2003. He later returned to the UK and played for Blackburn Rovers, Charlton Athletic, Wolverhampton Wanderers, Stoke City, Cardiff City, Queens Park Rangers and Sheffield Wednesday. 
<Luis_Walter_Alvarez>	Luis Walter Alvarez (June 13, 1911 – September 1, 1988) was an American experimental physicist, inventor, and professor who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1968 for his discovery of resonance states in particle physics using the hydrogen bubble chamber. In 2007 the American Journal of Physics commented, "Luis Alvarez was one of the most brilliant and productive experimental physicists of the twentieth century."After receiving his PhD from the University of Chicago in 1936, Alvarez went to work for Ernest Lawrence at the Radiation Laboratory at the University of California, Berkeley. Alvarez devised a set of experiments to observe K-electron capture in radioactive nuclei, predicted by the beta decay theory but never before observed. He produced tritium using the cyclotron and measured its lifetime. In collaboration with Felix Bloch, he measured the magnetic moment of the neutron.
<Noël_Coward>	Sir Noël Peirce Coward (16 December 1899 – 26 March 1973) was an English playwright, composer, director, actor, and singer, known for his wit, flamboyance, and what Time magazine called "a sense of personal style, a combination of cheek and chic, pose and poise".Coward attended a dance academy in London as a child, making his professional stage début at the age of eleven. As a teenager he was introduced into the high society in which most of his plays would be set. Coward achieved enduring success as a playwright, publishing more than 50 plays from his teens onwards. Many of his works, such as Hay Fever, Private Lives, Design for Living, Present Laughter, and Blithe Spirit, have remained in the regular theatre repertoire. He composed hundreds of songs, in addition to well over a dozen musical theatre works (including the operetta Bitter Sweet and comic revues), screenplays, poetry, several volumes of short stories, the novel Pomp and Circumstance, and a three-volume autobiography. Coward's stage and film acting and directing career spanned six decades, during which he starred in many of his own works, as well as those of others.
<John_C._Slater>	John Clarke Slater (December 22, 1900 – July 25, 1976) was a noted American physicist who made major contributions to the theory of the electronic structure of atoms, molecules and solids. He also made major contributions to microwave electronics. He received a B.S. in Physics from the University of Rochester in 1920 and a Ph.D. in Physics from Harvard in 1923, then did post-doctoral work at the universities of Cambridge (briefly) and Copenhagen. On his return to the U.S. he joined the Physics Department at Harvard.In 1930, Karl Compton, the President of MIT, appointed Slater as Chairman of the MIT Department of Physics. He recast the undergraduate physics curriculum, wrote 14 books between 1933 and 1968, and built a department of major international prestige. During World War II, his work on microwave transmission, done partly at the Bell Laboratories and in association with the MIT Radiation Laboratory, was of major importance in the development of radar.In 1950, Slater founded the Solid State and Molecular Theory Group (SSMTG) within the Physics Department. The following year, he resigned the chairmanship of the department and spent a year at the Brookhaven National Laboratory of the Atomic Energy Commission. He was appointed Institute Professor of Physics and continued to direct work in the SSMTG until he retired from MIT in 1965, at the mandatory retirement age of 65.
<University_of_Bristol>	The University of Bristol is a red brick Russell Group research university in Bristol, England. It received its royal charter in 1909, although it can trace its roots to a Merchant Venturers' school founded in 1595 and University College, Bristol, which had been in existence since 1876.Bristol is organised into six academic faculties composed of multiple schools and departments running over 200 undergraduate courses, largely in the Tyndalls Park area of the city. The university had a total income of £752.0 million in 2020–21, of which £169.8 million was from research grants and contracts. It is the largest independent employer in Bristol. Current academics include 21 fellows of the Academy of Medical Sciences, 13 fellows of the British Academy, 13 fellows of the Royal Academy of Engineering and 44 fellows of the Royal Society. Among alumni and faculty, the university counts 9 Nobel laureates.
<Marshall_Street_Baths>	Coordinates: 51°30′49″N 0°8′17″W﻿ / ﻿51.51361°N 0.13806°W﻿ / 51.51361; -0.13806The Marshall Street Baths (or Westminster Public Baths) in Westminster, London, were built in 1850. They were closed for refurbishment in 1997 and reopened on 27 July 2010 as a modernised leisure centre. The building is noted for its architecture and is Grade II listed.The first public baths were built on the site by the Vestry of St. James in 1850. The proposal for the baths is mentioned in Public Baths and Wash-houses (1850) and suggests the baths follow a model of 64 first and second class baths, 60 washing compartments, 60 separate drying chambers, 16 ironing compartments and 2 large plunge baths (1st and 2nd class). The land for the Westminster baths was costed at £3,500 including a house for the superintendent. The highest charges were fixed by the Sir Henry Dukinfield's Act at 6d for first class warm bath, 2d for second class warm bath (half these prices for a cold bath) and with charges of 1d/hour for washing, drying and ironing apparatus.
<Donald_R._McMonagle>	Donald Ray McMonagle (born May 14, 1952) (Col, USAF, Ret.) is a former astronaut and a veteran of three shuttle flights. He became the Manager, Launch Integration, at the Kennedy Space Center, Florida, on August 15, 1997. In this capacity he was responsible for final shuttle preparation, launch execution, and return of the orbiter to KSC following landings at any other location. He was chair of the Mission Management Team, and was the final authority for launch decision.McMonagle was born on May 14, 1952, in Flint, Michigan, and graduated from Hamady High School in 1970. he received a Bachelor of Science degree in astronautical engineering from the United States Air Force Academy in 1974, a Master of Science degree in mechanical engineering from California State University, Fresno in 1985, and a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Michigan Ross School of Business in 2003.McMonagle completed pilot training at Columbus Air Force Base (AFB), Mississippi, in 1975. After F-4 training at Homestead AFB, Florida, he went on a one-year tour of duty as an F-4 pilot at Kunsan Air Base, South Korea. He returned from overseas to Holloman AFB, New Mexico, in 1977. In 1979, McMonagle was assigned to Luke AFB, Arizona, as an F-15 instructor pilot. In 1981, he entered the USAF Test Pilot School at Edwards AFB, California, and was the outstanding graduate in his class. From 1982 to 1985, McMonagle was the operations officer and a project test pilot for the Advanced Fighter Technology Integration F-16 aircraft. After attending the Air Command and Staff College at Maxwell AFB, Alabama, from 1985 to 1986, he was assigned as the operations officer of the 6513th Test Squadron at Edwards AFB.
<Church_of_the_Immaculate_Conception,_Dublin>	The Church of the Immaculate Conception, also known as Adam and Eve's, is a Roman Catholic church run by the Franciscans and it is located on Merchants Quay, Dublin.During the Dissolution reign of King Henry VIII around 1540 the Friary at Francis Street, the site of the current church of St. Nicholas of Myra (Without), Francis Street, was confiscated and the community was dispersed. In 1615 a new friary was built on Cook Street. A chapel on the site was destroyed in 1619 and later rebuilt. The Franciscans secretly said Mass in the Adam and Eve Tavern, where the popular name of the present church comes from. In 1759 a newer church was built, which was later replaced by the current church.
<Anthony_B._Pinn>	Anthony B. Pinn is an American professor working at the intersections of African-American religion, constructive theology, and humanist thought. Pinn is the Agnes Cullen Arnold Professor of Humanities and Professor of Religious Studies at Rice University. He is also the Founder and Executive Director of the Center for Engaged Research and Collaborative Learning in Houston, Texas, and Director of Research for the Institute for Humanist Studies in Washington, D.C.He graduated from Columbia University with a B.A. in 1986, and earned his Ph.D. in the Study of Religion at Harvard University in 1994. His dissertation was entitled "I Wonder as I Wander: An Examination of the Problem of Evil in African-American Religious Thought." The topic of theological responses to evil and suffering in Black religion provided the foundation of Pinn's early work. Today, Pinn's research interests span theory and method in the study of religion, black religious aesthetics, religion and popular culture, and African-American humanism.Throughout his work, Pinn refers to his approach to humanism as a "religion."   In so doing, Pinn cites humanist Gordon Kaufman's definition of religion as "that which helps humans find orientation ‘for life in the world, together with motivation for living and acting in accordance with this orientation.’"   In other words, for Pinn, religion need not be theistic.
<Anne_Holton>	Anne Bright Holton (born February 1, 1958) is an American lawyer and judge who served as the Secretary of Education for the Commonwealth of Virginia from 2014 to 2016. She is married to United States Senator and former Virginia Governor Tim Kaine, the vice presidential running mate of Hillary Clinton in the 2016 election.Holton served as First Lady of Virginia from 2006 to 2010. She served as interim president of George Mason University from 2019 to 2020.Born in Roanoke, Virginia, Holton is the daughter of Virginia Harrison "Jinks" (Rogers) and Linwood Holton, a lawyer and Republican Party politician. Her paternal grandfather was an executive at a small coal-hauling railroad. As a child, Holton started a club dedicated to service and good deeds. In 1969, her father was elected as governor of Virginia, serving from 1970 to 1974.
<Aylesbury_United_F.C.>	Aylesbury United Football Club is a football club based in Chesham, Buckinghamshire, England. They are currently members of Division One Central of the Southern League and play at Chesham United's Meadow ground, having been evicted from their Buckingham Road ground in 2006. They are nicknamed the Ducks due to the Aylesbury duck.Aylesbury United were formed in 1897 as a merger of Night School, Printing Works and Aylesbury Town. After playing in local leagues, the club joined the Western Division of the Spartan League in 1908, which they won in their first season. This was followed by a play-off with the winners of the Eastern Division, Luton Clarence, which Aylesbury won 4–1. The following season they were placed in the league's A Division, in which they finished as runners-up. With the league becoming a single division in 1910, the club remained in it until World War I, finishing as runners-up again in 1913–14.
<Eintracht_Frankfurt>	Eintracht Frankfurt e.V. (German pronunciation: [ˈaɪntʁaxt ˈfʁaŋkfʊʁt] (listen)) is a  professional sports club based in Frankfurt, Hesse, Germany. It is best known for its football club, which was founded on 8 March 1899. The team is currently playing in the Bundesliga, the top tier of the German football league system. Eintracht have won the German championship once, the DFB-Pokal five times, the UEFA Europa League twice and finished as runner-up in the European Cup once. The team was one of the founding members of the Bundesliga at its inception and has spent a total of 54 seasons in the top division, thus making them the seventh longest participating club in the highest tier of the league.The club's initial games from 1899 to 1906 were played on the former Hundswiese field, whose present day location would be near Hessischer Rundfunk. Following new regulations that pitches needed to be surrounded by a fence for the purpose of official games, the team established a new pitch by the Eschersheimer Landstraße called Victoriaplatz in 1906, for which they purchased stands at a price of 350 marks in 1908. From 1912 the team moved to a new ground at Roseggerstraße in Dornbusch with more facilities, before relocating to the former Riederwaldstadion in 1920 following the fusion of Frankfurter FV and Frankfurter Turngemeinde von 1861. Since 1925 their stadium has been the Waldstadion, which is currently named Deutsche Bank Park for sponsorship reasons.
<Gary_Lineker>	Gary Winston Lineker OBE (/ˈlɪnəkər/; born 30 November 1960) is an English former professional footballer and current sports broadcaster. He is regarded as having been one of the greatest English strikers. His media career began with the BBC, where he has presented the flagship football programme Match of the Day since the late 1990s, the longest tenure of any MOTD presenter. Lineker is also the BBC's lead presenter for live football matches, including coverage of international tournaments such as the FIFA World Cup. He has also worked for Al Jazeera Sports, Eredivisie Live, NBC Sports Network, and BT Sport's coverage of the UEFA Champions League.Lineker began his football career at Leicester City FC in 1978, and finished as the First Division's joint top goalscorer in 1984–85. He then moved to league champions Everton where he won both the PFA Players' Player of the Year and FWA Footballer of the Year awards in his debut season, before moving to Spanish giants Barcelona. With Barcelona, he won the 1987–88 Copa del Rey and the 1989 European Cup Winners' Cup. He joined Tottenham Hotspur in 1989, and won his second FWA Footballer of the Year and won the FA Cup, his first and only major trophy in English football. Lineker's final club was Nagoya Grampus Eight; he retired in 1994 after two seasons at the Japanese side.
<Utopia_(book)>	Utopia (Latin: Libellus vere aureus, nec minus salutaris quam festivus, de optimo rei publicae statu deque nova insula Utopia, "A little, true book, not less beneficial than enjoyable, about how things should be in a state and about the new island Utopia") is a work of fiction and socio-political satire by Thomas More (1478–1535), written in Latin and published in 1516. The book is a frame narrative primarily depicting a fictional island society and its religious, social and political customs. Many aspects of More's description of Utopia are reminiscent of life in monasteries.The title De optimo rei publicae statu deque nova insula Utopia literally translates, "Of a republic's best state and of the new island Utopia".
<Richard_Feynman>	Richard Phillips Feynman (/ˈfaɪnmən/; May 11, 1918 – February 15, 1988) was an American theoretical physicist, known for his work in the path integral formulation of quantum mechanics, the theory of quantum electrodynamics, the physics of the superfluidity of supercooled liquid helium, as well as his work in particle physics for which he proposed the parton model. For contributions to the development of quantum electrodynamics, Feynman received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1965 jointly with Julian Schwinger and Shin'ichirō Tomonaga.Feynman developed a widely used pictorial representation scheme for the mathematical expressions describing the behavior of subatomic particles, which later became known as Feynman diagrams. During his lifetime, Feynman became one of the best-known scientists in the world. In a 1999 poll of 130 leading physicists worldwide by the British journal Physics World, he was ranked the seventh-greatest physicist of all time.
<Roberto_Freire>	Roberto Freire may refer to:
<Sleeping_with_Other_People>	Sleeping with Other People is a 2015 American romantic comedy film directed and written by Leslye Headland. The film stars Jason Sudeikis, Alison Brie, Natasha Lyonne, Amanda Peet, and Adam Scott. Premiering at the 2015 Sundance Film Festival on January 24, 2015, the film was released theatrically on September 11, 2015, by IFC Films. Sleeping with Other People received generally positive reviews from critics.In 2002, Lainey causes a scene in a dorm at Columbia University. Taking pity on her as she is about to be kicked out by security, Jake claims her as his guest. He learns that Lainey was there in order to lose her virginity to her T.A., Matthew, who Jake thinks is the most boring guy in the world. Lainey eventually realizes that Jake is also a virgin, and the two lose their virginity to each other.
<Dick_Sharples>	Dick Sharples (7 June 1927 – 19 October 2015) was a British TV scriptwriter of British sitcoms. He has also written novels, plays and drama series (for both television and radio).Dick Sharples was born in Manchester.  He began his career as a cartoonist and a writer for a Manchester Advertising Agency.  One of the agency's customers was comedian Al Read who ran a meat pie company called H. Read and Son.  Sharples wrote the tagline "potatoes and meat, simply heat" for the company's fritters.
<The_End_of_Alice>	The End of Alice is a 1996 novel by American writer A. M. Homes. It was published in the United States by Scribner and in the United Kingdom by Anchor Books.The story is narrated mostly by a middle-aged pedophile and child killer who is serving a life sentence. He receives correspondence from a 19-year-old girl who plans to seduce a 12-year-old neighborhood boy. The child killer encourages her and gives her tips on seducing children. He delights in the girl's letters detailing her progress. The scenes involving the girl (who is never named) are written from a third-person perspective.When the novel opens, a pedophile and child murderer – identified only as "Chappy" – has been in prison for 23 years. (He narrates most of the novel, including accounts of his treatment by his unstable, emotionally and sexually abusive mother.) Now in his 50s and with a parole hearing approaching, Chappy tells of receiving a letter from an unnamed 19-year-old girl who takes a morbid interest in his case. She tells him that she is on summer holiday from college and plans to seduce a 12-year-old boy named Matthew, who lives in her neighborhood.
<Rooftop_Prince>	Rooftop Prince (Korean: 옥탑방 왕세자; RR: Oktapbang Wangseja) is a 2012 South Korean fantasy romantic comedy television drama, starring Park Yuchun, Han Ji-min, Jeong Yu-mi, Lee Tae-sung, Lee Tae-ri, Jung Suk-won, and Choi Woo-shik. It is about a Joseon crown prince who, after his wife dies mysteriously, time travels to the future where he encounters familiar faces, modern-day devices, and corporate intrigue. The series aired on SBS from March 21 to May 24, 2012 on Wednesdays and Thursdays at 21:55 for 20 episodes. It is available on Netflix.Yong Tae-mu (Lee Tae-sung), after killing his lost cousin in the United States, returns to Korea, claiming that his cousin, Yong Tae-yong (Park Yoochun), could not be found in New York City. Meanwhile, Tae-mu has been having a secret affair with Hong Se-na (Jeong Yu-mi), his secretary, who, in turn, runs into her long-lost stepsister Park-ha (Han Ji-min). Park-ha has been missing for a prolonged period of time and it is revealed that she was in the US after Se-na abandoned her in a truck driving away when she was nine.Two years after Tae-yong's disappearance, four men dressed in Joseon-era garments fall onto Park-ha's rooftop house. Hungry, homeless and having nowhere to go, the four men decide to stick with Park-ha. Their leader, Lee-gak claims to be the Crown Prince of Joseon (Park Yoochun), along with his entourage – scholar Song Man-bo (Lee Tae-ri), personal bodyguard Woo Yong-sool (Jung Suk-won), and palace eunuch Do Chi-san (Choi Woo-shik). One day, Crown Prince Lee Gak sees Se-na who is the spitting image of his beloved wife, who was found drowned in the 18th century. He is convinced she is his wife's reincarnation. Meanwhile, Yeo (Ban Hyo-jung), a wealthy president of a large company, mistakes Lee Gak for her grandson, Yong Tae-yong, because of their exact same appearance, and believes that her long lost grandson has finally returned. Lee Gak realizes that he has time traveled 300 years to 2012, Seoul, to search for the truth behind the mysterious death of the late Crown Princess. In order to approach Se-na, who is also President Yeo's personal assistant, Lee Gak pretends that he is Tae-yong. Tae-mu, believing that he already killed his cousin in New York, lives in constant fear of his devious act being discovered by the family and "Tae-yong" (aka Lee Gak) who claims not to have remembered the event. Tae-mu has always been jealous of Tae-yong's favored position in the family.
<The_Sims_Studio>	Maxis is an American video game developer and a division of Electronic Arts (EA). The studio was founded in 1987 by Will Wright and Jeff Braun, and acquired by EA in 1997. Maxis is best known for its simulation games, including The Sims, Spore and SimCity.In the late 2010s, Maxis suffered from a series of studio closures and layoffs. This included the shutdown of Maxis Emeryville in 2015, EA Salt Lake in 2017, and a wave of layoffs at Redwood Shores in 2018. With the remainder of Maxis reorganised under EA Mobile,  and EA opening new studios under the label from 2019, some commentators have suggested that only the brand name from the original studio survives.
<Ashwamedh>	Ashwamedh (Gujarati: અશ્વમેધ) is a Gujarati language three-act play written by Chinu Modi. It has endured some controversy due to its bold and taboo theme. However, it is considered one of the finest works of Modi by several critics.Mohini, the main character of the play, is the wife of King Vichitrasen. She experienced sexual orgasm at the age of 16 while riding a horse. The rituals of Ashvamedha yajna demand that once the king becomes Chakravarti (undisputed sovereign), the chief queen must have sexual intercourse with the horse. 
<Lincoln_City_F.C.>	Lincoln City Football Club is a professional association football club based in the city of Lincoln, Lincolnshire, England. The team compete in EFL League One, the third tier of the English football league system. Nicknamed the "Imps" after the legend of the Lincoln Imp, they have played at 10,120-capacity Sincil Bank since their move from John O'Gaunts in 1895. Traditionally they play in red and white striped shirts with black shorts and red and white socks. They hold rivalries with other Lincolnshire clubs, particularly Scunthorpe United and Grimsby Town. Founded in 1884, Lincoln won the Midland League in 1889–90, their first full season playing league football. They moved on from the Football Alliance to become founder members of the Football League Second Division in 1892, remaining there until they failed re-election in 1908. They won immediate re-election after winning the next year's Midland League, and would repeat this feat after failing re-election again in 1911 and 1920. Founder members of the Football League Third Division North in 1921, they won promotion as champions in 1931–32, but were relegated two seasons later. Crowned Third Division North champions again in 1947–48, they were relegated the next year, but would remain in the second tier for nine seasons after again winning the Third Division North title in 1951–52. Two successive relegations left them in the Fourth Division by 1962, where they would remain until Graham Taylor's title winning campaign of 1975–76.
<Jeep_Grand_Cherokee_(ZJ)>	The Jeep Grand Cherokee (ZJ) is the first generation of the Jeep Grand Cherokee sport utility vehicle. Introduced in 1992 for the 1993 model year, development of the ZJ Grand Cherokee started under American Motors Corporation (AMC) and was continued after the company was acquired by Chrysler in 1987.Export models produced at the plant in Graz, Austria, were given the vehicle designation of "ZG".The all-new 1993 Jeep Grand Cherokee ZJ offered many new and class-exclusive features that its competitors, such as the Chevrolet S-10 Blazer and Ford Explorer, did not offer.[citation needed]
<Dorrit_Moussaieff>	Dorrit Moussaieff (Hebrew: דורית מוסאיוף, born 12 January 1950) is an Israeli jewellery designer, editor, and businesswoman who was the First Lady of Iceland from 2003 to 2016. She became engaged to President Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson in 2000 and they were married on Grímsson's 60th birthday in 2003. Born in Israel, she was raised in the United Kingdom from the age of 13.Dorrit Moussaieff was born in Jerusalem, Israel. Her father, Shlomo Moussaieff, was from a wealthy Bukharian Jewish family from Bukhara, Uzbekistan, part of a long dynasty of jewellers. Dorrit is the great-granddaughter of Rabbi Shlomo Moussaieff. Ancestors of hers are said to have woven the robe of Genghis Khan. Her great-grandmother, Esther Gaonoff, was a descendant of Yosef Maimon. Her mother, Alisa, is an Austrian Jew of Ashkenazi heritage, but Dorrit identifies more with Bukharian culture and was raised by her father.
<Northwich_Victoria_F.C.>	Northwich Victoria Football Club are a semi-professional football club based in Northwich, Cheshire, which compete in the North West Counties League Premier Division. They play home games at Wincham Park, in a groundshare agreement with nearby rivals Witton Albion. They had played at the same Drill Field ground between 1875 and 2002, which was at the time of its demolition was believed to be the oldest ground in the world on which football had been continuously played. They played at the short-lived Victoria Stadium between 2005 and 2011, and have since been forced to share grounds with nearby clubs.The original club was founded in 1874, and named in honour of the then-reigning monarch, Queen Victoria. They won the first six Cheshire Senior Cup finals in the competition's history. The club became defunct and amalgamated with Hartford and Davenham United in February 1890, with the new club taking the old Northwich Victoria name. This new club helped to found The Combination in 1890, before being invited to become founding members of the Football League Second Division two years later. After two seasons playing in the Football League, they returned to The Combination and spent 1989 to 1900 in the Cheshire League. Northwich spent 1900 to 1912 competing in the Manchester League, being crowned champions in the 1902–03 campaign. They spent a short time either side of World War I in the Lancashire Combination.
<The_Rocky_Horror_Picture_Show>	The Rocky  Horror Picture Show is a 1975 musical comedy horror film by 20th Century Fox, produced by Lou Adler and Michael White and directed by Jim Sharman. The screenplay was written by Sharman and actor Richard O'Brien, who is also a member of the cast. The film is based on the 1973 musical stage production The Rocky Horror Show, with music, book, and lyrics by O'Brien. The production is a tribute to the science fiction and horror B movies of the 1930s through to the early 1960s. Along with O'Brien, the film stars Tim Curry, Susan Sarandon, and Barry Bostwick and is narrated by Charles Gray, with cast members from the original Royal Court Theatre, Roxy Theatre, and Belasco Theatre productions, including Nell Campbell and Patricia Quinn.The story centres on a young engaged couple whose car breaks down in the rain near a castle, where they seek a telephone to call for help. The castle or country home is occupied by strangers in elaborate costumes celebrating an annual convention. They discover the head of the house is Dr. Frank N. Furter, an apparently mad scientist who actually is an alien transvestite from the planet Transsexual in the galaxy of Transylvania, who creates a living muscle man named Rocky in his laboratory.
<Rosa_Aschenbrenner>	Rosa Aschenbrenner (born Rosa Lierl: 27 April 1885 – 9 February 1967) was a German politician (KPD / SPD).  After the Second World War, she became increasingly marginalised from the political mainstream because of her opposition to rearmament.Rosa Aschenbrenner was born into a Roman Catholic family at Beilngries, a small town a short distance to the north of Ingolstadt in Upper Bavaria.  She was the eldest of her parents' eight recorded children.  Her father was a clock maker who also kept an agricultural smallholding.  He was also chairman of the local Catholic Workers' Association, and Rosa Aschenbrenner grew up as a Roman Catholic, though by the end of her political career, slightly unusually for Bavaria in those times, she would be describing herself as "without religion" ("konfessionslos").  From 1898 she was in domestic service.  In 1908 she joined the "Women's and girls' Education League" ("Frauen- und Mädchenbildungs-Verein") in Munich.  She married Hans Aschenbrenner the next year and joined the Social Democratic Party (SPD) in 1908 or 1909.She worked as a hairdresser between 1909 and 1914.  During the next few years she took work as a seamstress with the army clothing supply department and in slaughter houses and stock yards.  It was in 1914 that she joined the SPD "Women workers Committee" "Arbeiterinnenausschuss").  When First World War broke out in 1914, many in the SPD leadership came out in support for the government position, but in 1917 the party split, primarily over differences as to whether or not to continue supporting the war.  Rosa Aschenbrenner chose the break-away party, which was launched that year as the Independent Social Democratic Party (Unabhängige Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands / USPD).  She quickly became a USPD left-wing activist.
<Justice_League_(TV_series)>	Justice League is an American animated television series which ran from November 17, 2001 to May 29, 2004 on Cartoon Network. It is the seventh series of the DC Animated Universe. The show was produced by Warner Bros. Animation. It is based on the Justice League of America and associated comic book characters published by DC Comics. It serves as a prequel to Batman Beyond and as a sequel to Batman: The Animated Series, Superman: The Animated Series, and The New Batman Adventures. The series ended after two seasons, but was followed by Justice League Unlimited, a successor series which aired for three seasons.It was the first show on Cartoon Network to be produced by Warner Bros. Animation, and was the last Cartoon Network show to be greenlit by Betty Cohen.Bruce Timm, who co-produced Batman: The Animated Series and Superman: The Animated Series in the 1990s, became producer on an animated series focusing on the Justice League. The roster consisted of Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman, Green Lantern (John Stewart),  The Flash (Wally West), Martian Manhunter (J'onn J'onzz), and Hawkgirl.
<Owen_Moore>	Owen Moore (12 December 1886 – 9 June 1939) was an Irish-born American actor, appearing in more than 279 movies spanning from 1908 to 1937.Moore was born in Fordstown Crossroads, County Meath, Ireland.  Along with his parents, John and Rose Anna Moore, brothers Tom, Matt, and Joe, and sister Mary, he emigrated to the United States as a steerage passenger on board the S.S. Anchoria.  The Moore family were inspected on Ellis Island in May 1896 and settled in the Toledo, Ohio area. Moore and his siblings went on to successful careers in motion pictures in Hollywood, California.
<Mikheil_Javakhishvili>	Mikheil Javakhishvili (Georgian: მიხეილ ჯავახიშვილი; birth surname: Adamashvili ადამაშვილი) (20 November 1880 – 30 September 1937) was a Georgian and Soviet novelist who is regarded as one of the top twentieth-century Georgian writers. His first story appeared in 1903, but then the writer lapsed into a long pause before returning to writing in the early 1920s. His recalcitrance to the Soviet ideological pressure cost him life: he was executed during the Great Purge and his writings were banned for nearly twenty years. In the words of the modern British scholar of Russian and Georgian literature, Donald Rayfield, "his vivid story-telling, straight in medias res, his buoyant humour, subtle irony, and moral courage merit comparison with those of Stendhal, Guy de Maupassant, and Émile Zola. In modern Georgian prose only Konstantine Gamsakhurdia could aspire to the same international level."He was born as Mikheil Adamashvili in the village of Tserakvi in what is now the Kvemo Kartli region, Georgia (then part of Russian Empire). The mishmash with his real family name was later explained by writer himself. According to him, his grandparent, born as Javakhishvili (noble family from the province Kartli) killed a man, therefore had to flee to Kakheti where he took a new name Toklikishvili. Mikheil's grandfather Adam returned in Kartli. His son Saba was registered as Adamashvili. Mikheil was also wearing this name in his youth but later he returned the family name of ancestors-Javakhishvili. He enrolled into the Yalta College of Horticulture and Viticulture, but a family tragedy forced him to abandon his studies: robbers killed his mother and sister, and his father died shortly thereafter. Returning to Georgia in 1901, he worked at a copper smeltery in Kakheti. His first story was published in 1903 under the penname of Javakhishvili, followed by a series of journalistic articles critical of the Russian authorities. In 1906, the Tsarist political repressions forced him to retire to France, where he studied art and political economy at the University of Paris. After the extensive travels to Switzerland, Great Britain, Italy, Belgium, the United States, Germany and Turkey from 1908 to 1909, he clandestinely returned to his homeland only to be arrested and exiled from Georgia in 1910. He returned in 1917 and, after almost fifteen years of pause, resumed writing. In 1921, he joined the National Democratic Party of Georgia and was in opposition to the Soviet government established in Georgia the same year. In 1923, during the Bolshevik crackdown on the party, Javakhishvili was arrested and sentenced to death, but was exonerated through the mediation of the Georgian Union of Writers and released after six months of imprisonment. Javakhishvili's reconciliation with the Soviet regime was only superficial and his relations with the new authorities remained uneasy.Javakhishvili skillfully incorporated folk phraseology into the normalized narrative language. In his best writings, the novelist combines the devastating realism and characteristic humorous touches with underlying pessimism and anarchy to contrast country and city life, tsarist and Soviet times. His plots, sometimes overtly rebellious, violent, and sexually passionate, intersect traditional taboos and belie any reconciliation with the new world and have a common ground: the rise of the Georgian kulak, the life of the Georgian aristocratic intellectual and dilettante, and the impact on them both of the revolutionary upheaval of 1917 and the Bolshevik takeover of 1921.
<Maxwell_Anderson>	James Maxwell Anderson (December 15, 1888 – February 28, 1959) was an American playwright, author, poet, journalist, and lyricist.Anderson was born on December 15, 1888, in Atlantic, Pennsylvania, the second of eight children to William Lincoln "Link" Anderson, a Baptist minister, and Charlotte Perrimela ('Premely') Stephenson, both of Scotch-Irish descent. His family initially lived on his maternal grandmother Sheperd's farm in Atlantic, then moved to Andover, Ohio, where his father became a railroad fireman while studying to become a minister. They moved often, to follow their father's ministerial posts, and Maxwell was frequently sick, missing a great deal of school. He used his time sick in bed to read voraciously, and both his parents and Aunt Emma were storytellers, which contributed to Anderson's love of literature.
<Willie_Dunn_(golfer)>	William Dunn, Jr. (c. 1864 – August 1952) was an English professional golfer and golf course designer of Scottish descent. Dunn was born in Blackheath, London, England in about 1864. His best U.S. Open finish was second in the 1895 U.S. Open. He took home $100 as his share of the purse. His best known golf course designs are those found at the Shinnecock Hills Golf Club and the Apawamis Club.Dunn was born circa 1864 at Blackheath, London, England, the son of Willie Dunn Sr. At age 13, Dunn learned the art of making golf clubs while apprenticed under his older brother, Tom Dunn, who was the professional at London Scottish Golf Club on Wimbledon Common, where he had his home. By 1871 he had joined his father at Leith Links.
<AS_Saint-Étienne>	Association Sportive de Saint-Étienne Loire (French pronunciation: ​[sɛ̃t‿etjɛn lwaʁ]), commonly known as A.S.S.E. (French pronunciation: ​[a.ɛs.ɛs.ø]) or simply Saint-Étienne, is a professional football club based in Saint-Étienne in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes, France. The club was founded in 1933 and competes in Ligue 2, the second division of French football, in the 2022–23 season. Saint-Étienne plays its home matches at the Stade Geoffroy-Guichard.Saint-Étienne have won a joint-record of ten Ligue 1 titles, as well as six Coupe de France titles, a Coupe de la Ligue title and five Trophée des Champions. Saint-Étienne has also won the Ligue 2 championship on three occasions. The club achieved most of its honours in the 1960s and 1970s when the club was led by managers Jean Snella, Albert Batteux, and Robert Herbin.
<Government_of_Ukraine>	Coordinates: 50°26′52.0″N 30°32′1.4″E﻿ / ﻿50.447778°N 30.533722°E﻿ / 50.447778; 30.533722The Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine (Ukrainian: Кабінет Міністрів України, romanized: Kabinet Ministriv Ukrainy; shortened to CabMin), commonly referred to as the Government of Ukraine (Ukrainian: Уряд України, Uriad Ukrainy), is the highest body of state executive power in Ukraine. As Cabinet of Ministers of the Ukrainian SSR, it was formed on 18 April 1991, by the Law of Ukrainian SSR No.980-XII. Vitold Fokin was approved as the first Prime Minister of Ukraine.
<All_Is_Lost>	All Is Lost is a 2013 survival drama film written and directed by J. C. Chandor. The film stars Robert Redford as a man lost at sea. Redford is the only cast member, and the film has 51 spoken English words. All Is Lost is Chandor's second feature film, following his 2011 debut Margin Call. It screened Out of Competition at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival.The title of the film is a nod to E. W. Hornung's observation that when courage is lost, "all is lost".
<Johannes_Stelling>	Johannes Stelling (12 May 1877 – 21/22 June 1933) was a German political activist who became a leading SPD politician during the Weimar years.   He served between 1921 and 1924 as First Minister (Ministerpräsident) of Mecklenburg-Schwerin.Johannes Stelling was murdered by Nazi quasi-militaries on 21/22 June 1933.Stelling was born in the dynamic port city of Hamburg.   His father worked as a tailor:  his mother worked as a cook.    He attended school locally before undertaking a commercial apprenticeship in 1892, completing it successfully in 1895. On completion of his training he entered the work force, working for a few years in the trade for which he had trained, later becoming involved in various strikes called in support of higher wages and shorter working hours, and becoming caught up in the feverish industrial relations atmosphere which had become a feature of Hamburg at the turn of the century following several decades of rapid economic growth and urban expansion.  In 1901, which was also the year of his marriage and the year in which he joined the Social Democratic party, he relocated to Lübeck, a short distance to the east.   By this time his political awareness had been fully awakened:  between 1901 and 1919 Johannes Stelling worked as the editor of the Lübecker Volksbote [de], a Social Democrat daily newspaper serving Lübeck and the surrounding area.   His period as editor was a long one, and according to the biographical note on Stelling that appears, alongside those of other members, in the "Reichstag Handbooks" of subsequent decades, he was imprisoned several times during these years.
<Marielle_Heller>	Marielle Stiles Heller /ˈmɑːriɛl/ (born October 1, 1979) is an American writer, director, and actress. She is best known for directing the films The Diary of a Teenage Girl (2015), Can You Ever Forgive Me? (2018), and A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood (2019), as well as acting in The Queen’s Gambit (2020).Marielle Stiles Heller was born in Marin County, California, to Steve Heller, a chiropractor, and Annie Stiles-Heller, an artist and art teacher. She grew up in nearby Alameda, along with her younger brother and sister, Nate and Emily. Her father hails from a Jewish family in New York. Heller started off as an actor, calling acting her "first love." She was part of the Alameda Children's Musical Theater, where she participated in as many as four plays a year, including the roles of Rabbit in Winnie the Pooh, Templeton the rat in Charlotte’s Web, and Polly in The Magician's Nephew.
<Stuart_Ross_Taylor>	Stuart Ross Taylor AC (26 November 1925 – 23 May 2021) was a New Zealand geochemist and planetary scientist known for his studies of the geology of the Moon through lunar samples, the continental crust, tektites and the evolution of the Solar System. He was an emeritus professor and Visiting Fellow at the Australian National University in Canberra. He died in Canberra on 23 May 2021 at the age of 95.
<High_Impact_Games>	High Impact Games was an American video game developer based in Burbank, California, formed in 2003 by former members of Insomniac Games and Naughty Dog. In 2007, the company released Ratchet & Clank: Size Matters for the PlayStation Portable, with a PlayStation 2 port released the next year, and Secret Agent Clank in 2008, also for the PlayStation Portable. On November 3, 2009, the company released its third game, Jak and Daxter: The Lost Frontier, for the PlayStation Portable and PlayStation 2. The game was based on the Jak & Daxter series made by Naughty Dog. In 2010, High Impact Games was developing a remake of Crash Team Racing for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and Wii, but the game was canceled by Activision before the prototype initial.  In 2011 an environmental artist, who had worked on some games, revealed that High Impact Games was working on a new project for the Wii. This game was revealed to be Phineas and Ferb: Across the 2nd Dimension.
<George_W._Beadle_Award>	The George W. Beadle Award is a scientific prize given by the Genetics Society of America to individuals who have made “outstanding contributions” to Genetics. The Award was established in 1999 and named in honor of George Wells Beadle, who won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1958.Source: Genetics Society of America
<Detroit>	Detroit (/dɪˈtrɔɪt/ dih-TROYT, locally also /ˈdiːtrɔɪt/ DEE-troyt; French: Détroit, lit. 'strait') is the largest city in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is also the largest U.S. city on the United States–Canada border, and the seat of government of Wayne County. The City of Detroit had a population of 639,111 at the 2020 census, making it the 27th-most populous city in the United States. The metropolitan area, known as Metro Detroit, is home to 4.3 million people, making it the second-largest in the Midwest after the Chicago metropolitan area, and the 14th-largest in the United States. Regarded as a major cultural center, Detroit is known for its contributions to music, art, architecture and design, in addition to its historical automotive background. Time named Detroit as one of the fifty World's Greatest Places of 2022 to explore.Detroit is a major port on the Detroit River, one of the four major straits that connect the Great Lakes system to the Saint Lawrence Seaway. The City of Detroit anchors the second-largest regional economy in the Midwest, behind Chicago and ahead of Minneapolis–Saint Paul, and the 14th-largest in the United States. Detroit is best known as the center of the U.S. automobile industry, and the "Big Three" auto manufacturers General Motors, Ford, and Stellantis North America (Chrysler) are all headquartered in Metro Detroit. As of 2007[update], the Detroit metropolitan area is the number one exporting region among 310 defined metropolitan areas in the United States. The Detroit Metropolitan Airport is among the most important hub airports in the United States. Detroit and its neighboring Canadian city Windsor are connected through a highway tunnel, railway tunnel, and the Ambassador Bridge, which is the second-busiest international crossing in North America, after San Diego–Tijuana. Both cities will soon be connected by a new bridge currently under construction, the Gordie Howe International Bridge, which will provide a complete freeway-to-freeway link. The new bridge is expected to be open by 2024.
<Judy_Garland>	Judy Garland (born Frances Ethel Gumm; June 10, 1922 – June 22, 1969) was an American actress and singer. While critically acclaimed for many different roles throughout her career, she is widely known for playing the part of Dorothy Gale in The Wizard of Oz (1939). She attained international stardom as an actress in both musical and dramatic roles, as a recording artist and on the concert stage. Renowned for her versatility, she received an Academy Juvenile Award, a Golden Globe Award and a Special Tony Award. Garland was the first woman to win the Grammy Award for Album of the Year, which she won for her 1961 live recording titled Judy at Carnegie Hall.Garland began performing as a child with her two older sisters, in a vaudeville group "The Gumm Sisters" and was later signed to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer as a teenager. She appeared in more than two dozen films for MGM. Garland was a frequent on-screen partner of both Mickey Rooney and Gene Kelly and regularly collaborated with director and second husband Vincente Minnelli. Other starring roles during this period included Meet Me in St. Louis (1944), The Harvey Girls (1946), Easter Parade (1948) and Summer Stock (1950). In 1950, after 15 years with MGM, the studio released her amid a series of personal struggles that prevented her from fulfilling the terms of her contract.
<James_Lipton>	Louis James Lipton (September 19, 1926 – March 2, 2020) was an American writer, lyricist, actor, and dean emeritus of the Actors Studio Drama School at Pace University in New York City. He was the executive producer, writer, and host of the Bravo cable television series Inside the Actors Studio, which debuted in 1994. He retired from the show in 2018.Louis James Lipton was born on September 19, 1926, in Detroit, the only child of Betty (née Weinberg), a teacher and librarian, and Lawrence Lipton, a journalist and beat poet. Known for writing the Beat Generation chronicle The Holy Barbarians, Lawrence was a graphic designer, a columnist for the Jewish Daily Forward, and a publicity director for a movie theater. Lawrence was a Polish Jewish emigrant (from Łódź), whose surname was originally Lipschitz. Betty's parents were Russian Jews. His parents divorced when Lipton was six, and his father abandoned the family.
<Qin_Yi>	Qin Yi (Chinese: 秦怡; 4 February 1922 – 9 May 2022) was a Chinese actress. She gained fame for her stage performances in the war-time capital Chongqing during the Second Sino-Japanese War. After the war, she became one of China's most popular film actresses throughout the 1950s and the 1960s, and was recognised as one of the country's top four actresses. Premier Zhou Enlai called her the "most beautiful woman in China".Qin Yi was born on 4 February 1922 to a wealthy Shanghai family. Her name at birth was Qin Dehe (Chinese: 秦德和). She was one of the many daughters in the family. She enjoyed watching movies and Ruan Lingyu (1910–1935) was her favourite actress.
<Pennies_from_Heaven_(TV_series)>	Pennies from Heaven is a 1978 BBC musical drama serial written by Dennis Potter. The title is taken from the song "Pennies from Heaven" written by Johnny Burke and Arthur Johnston. It was one of several Potter serials (another being The Singing Detective) to mix the reality of the drama with a dark fantasy content, and the earliest of his works where the characters burst into extended performances of popular songs.Hoskins became an established actor in the United Kingdom following his role in this serial. The serial was directed by Piers Haggard and produced by Potter collaborator Kenith Trodd. The series also featured Nigel Havers as Conrad Baker (the suave salesman), Jenny Logan as Irene (Joan's friend), Freddie Jones as Mr. Warner (Eileen's headmaster), Michael Bilton as Eileen's dad, Will Stamp as the Barman, Tudor Davies as the cafe customer (Davies was also choreographer for the series), and Peter Bowles as the Prosecuting Counsel.
<Oscar_de_la_Renta>	American Fashion Critic's Award, Order of Juan Pablo Duarte,Óscar Arístides Renta Fiallo (22 July 1932 – 20 October 2014), known professionally as Oscar de la Renta, was a Dominican fashion designer. Born in Santo Domingo, he was trained by Cristóbal Balenciaga and Antonio del Castillo. De la Renta became internationally known in the 1960s as one of the couturiers who dressed Jacqueline Kennedy. He worked for Lanvin and Balmain. His eponymous fashion house has boutiques around the world including in Harrods of London and Madison Avenue in New York.De la Renta, the youngest of seven children and the only boy in his family, was born in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, to a Dominican mother of distant Portuguese descent, Carmen María Antonia Fiallo and Puerto Rican father, Óscar Avelino De La Renta, owner of an insurance company. The Fiallos, De la Renta's mother's family, were so embedded in Dominican society that they could count poets, scholars, and businessmen, as well as top army brass among their members. Their origin in the island can be traced back to the foundation of San Carlos de Tenerife in 1685 by Canarian settlers.
<Frank_Hogan>	Frank Smithwick Hogan (January 17, 1902 – April 2, 1974) was an American lawyer and politician from New York. He served as New York County District Attorney for more than 30 years, during which he achieved a reputation for professionalism and integrity.Hogan was born in Waterbury, New Haven County, Connecticut. He studied at and graduated from Columbia College, Columbia University in 1924. At first, Hogan planned on becoming a reporter and studied journalism. He decided to switch his focus to the law and graduated from Columbia Law School in 1928. Hogan was a member of Beta Theta Pi fraternity at Columbia.After law school, he entered into private practice for several years. In 1935, he began in the New York County District Attorney's office as an Administrative Assistant District Attorney under Thomas E. Dewey. In 1941, Dewey announced that he would not seek re-election.  He suggested four prosecutors who he believed should succeed him. Although Dewey's list included Hogan's name, his selection surprised Dewey. First Hogan, unlike Dewey, was a registered Democrat and his list was meant for the Republicans. In addition, Dewey did not expect the support of Tammany Hall for his preferred candidate, after he prosecuted some of their leaders. Not only did Tammany offer its support, but the Republicans and the American Labor Party endorsed Hogan, which guaranteed his election. Thus, he became the new District Attorney on January 1, 1942.
<Margarita_Cedeño_de_Fernández>	Margarita María Cedeño Lizardo, formerly known as Margarita Cedeño de Fernández, is a Dominican politician who served as Vice President of the Dominican Republic from 2012 to 2020. She was married to former president, Leonel Fernández and served as the First Lady of the Dominican Republic from 2004 to 2012.Cedeño was born on 1 May 1965 in Santo Domingo to Luis Emilio Cedeño Matos and Angela Margarita Lizardo Olivares. She worked with local law firms in the Dominican Republic, among which the law firm of Doctor Abel Rodríguez del Orbe and Fernández y Asociados, where she is an associate member. During the years 1996–2000, she assisted as legal counselor to the President nominated as Sub-secretary of State. Besides being ad honorem counselor and director of the Legal and Investment Environment Management of the Office for the Promotion of Foreign Investment of the Dominican Republic.She has a Bachelors in Law from the Autonomous University of Santo Domingo and a Masters in Economic Legislation from the Pontificia Universidad Católica Madre y Maestra. She also has participated in courses and seminars at Georgetown and Harvard University in the United States and Geneva University in Switzerland.
<New_Escapologist>	New Escapologist was a UK-based lifestyle magazine between 2007 and 2017, now continued online as subscription essays. The magazine and the current essay series take the stance that work has too central a position in western life and that work, consumption and pursuit of social status too often take precedence over happiness, liberty, and unstructured leisure. Simple living, creativity and Epicureanism are offered as solutions to the problems of overwork and overconsumption.New Escapologist was founded in 2007. Speaking at a public event together in 2009, Robert Wringham told Tom Hodgkinson that he started New Escapologist after reading Hodgkinson's book How to be Free alongside a biography of Houdini and Among the Bohemians: experiments in living by Virginia Nicholson.
<Ryszard_Bartel>	Ryszard Bartel (22 March 1897 – 3 April 1982) was a Polish engineer, aircraft designer and aviator, one of Poland's aviation pioneers.Bartel was born in Sławniów village near Pilica.  He was interested in aviation from his youth, and in 1911 he built his own gliders capable of short flights. In 1916, he enrolled in the Warsaw University of Technology, being one of three founders of the Aviation Section of that university's Students' Mechanical Club.  In 1917, he completed a pilot course, and he joined the underground aviator organization (Warsaw was under German occupation at that time).  In 1918, after Poland regained its independence, he volunteered for the Polish Air Force.  He completed further military flying courses and he took part in the Polish-Soviet War, flying Breguet 14s in the 16th Reconnaissance Squadron and in the Central Lithuanian Air Squadron. He was demobilized in December 1920, and graduated from the Warsaw University of Technology in 1924 as an Engineer.  He also took second place in the first Polish soaring competition in 1923.In 1925, his design of the Bartel BM-1 Maryla fighter aircraft received an award in the first Polish contest for military aircraft, but the design was not built.  In 1924-1926 he worked in France, supervising production of aircraft for Poland and he also undertook research on aerodynamics there.  From 1926, he was a chief designer of the Samolot aircraft manufacturer in Poznań.  He designed and built there a prototype of a trainer aircraft, the Bartel BM-2 (1926), then trainers Bartel BM-4 (1927) and Bartel BM-5 (1928), built in small series for the Polish Air Force (the BM-4 was Poland's first domestic design that was put into production).
<Mark_Wood_(violinist)>	Mark Winthrop Wood is an American electric violinist and the founder of Wood Violins, a company that makes electric violins. His educational program has been featured on news programs nationwide. He is also an Emmy-winning composer and a former member of the Trans-Siberian Orchestra.Mark Wood studied under Dr. Richard Rusack at Paul D. Schreiber High School in Port Washington, New York, before beginning his career with a full scholarship at the Juilliard School in New York and studied viola under William Lincer until he left. He then learned under the teachings of Richard Wright.Wood was one of the violinists and an original member of the symphonic rock group Trans-Siberian Orchestra, which he left in 2009. He has also played with Celine Dion, Billy Joel, Steve Vai, Westworld, and Lenny Kravitz. As a solo performer he has released seven CDs featuring his own versions of popular rock songs. On these CDs he is accompanied by "The Mark Wood Band" consisting of one member of the Trans-Siberian Orchestra, his wife Laura Kaye, his son Elijah Wood (on drums), and several other musicians.
<Hyderabad>	Hyderabad (/ˈhaɪdərəbæd/ (listen) HY-dər-ə-bad; Telugu: [ˈɦaɪ̯daraːbaːd], Urdu: [ˈɦɛːdəɾaːbaːd]) is the capital and largest city of the Indian state of Telangana and the de jure capital of Andhra Pradesh. It occupies 650 km2 (250 sq mi) on the Deccan Plateau along the banks of the Musi River, in the northern part of Southern India. With an average altitude of 542 m (1,778 ft), much of Hyderabad is situated on hilly terrain around artificial lakes, including the Hussain Sagar lake, predating the city's founding, in the north of the city centre. According to the 2011 Census of India, Hyderabad is the fourth-most populous city in India with a population of 6.9 million residents within the city limits, and has a population of 9.7 million residents in the metropolitan region, making it the sixth-most populous metropolitan area in India. With an output of US$74 billion, Hyderabad has the fifth-largest urban economy in India.Muhammad Quli Qutb Shah established Hyderabad in 1591 to extend the capital beyond the fortified Golconda. In 1687, the city was annexed by the Mughals. In 1724, Asaf Jah I, the Mughal viceroy, declared his sovereignty and founded the Asaf Jahi dynasty, also known as the Nizams. Hyderabad served as the imperial capital of the Asaf Jahi's from 1769 to 1948. As capital of the princely state of Hyderabad, the city housed the British Residency and cantonment until Indian independence in 1947. Hyderabad was annexed by the Indian Union in 1948 and continued as a capital of Hyderabad State from 1948 to 1956. After the introduction of the States Reorganisation Act of 1956, Hyderabad was made the capital of the newly formed Andhra Pradesh. In 2014, Andhra Pradesh was split to form the state of Telangana, and Hyderabad became the joint capital of the two states with a transitional arrangement scheduled to end in 2024. Since 1956, the city has housed the Rashtrapati Nilayam, the winter office of the president of India.
<Gerard_'t_Hooft>	Gerardus (Gerard) 't Hooft (Dutch: [ˈɣeːrɑrt ət ˈɦoːft]; born July 5, 1946) is a Dutch theoretical physicist and professor at Utrecht University, the Netherlands. He shared the 1999 Nobel Prize in Physics with his thesis advisor Martinus J. G. Veltman "for elucidating the quantum structure of electroweak interactions".His work concentrates on gauge theory, black holes, quantum gravity and fundamental aspects of quantum mechanics. His contributions to physics include a proof that gauge theories are renormalizable, dimensional regularization and the holographic principle.He is married to Albertha Schik (Betteke) and has two daughters, Saskia and Ellen.
<The_Truth_About_Muhammad>	The Truth About Muhammad: Founder of the World's Most Intolerant Religion is a biography by American anti-Muslim author Robert B. Spencer about the Islamic prophet Muhammad. Written from a critical perspective towards its subject, this book examines the life of Muhammad in ten chapters based on the sources provided by his early biographers, together with the Quran and the hadith, while also challenging their historical authenticity.Th book was released on 15 September 2006 by Regnery Publishing and entered The New York Times Best Seller list for a week. The critical reception of the book was generally unfavorable, with Spencer being criticized for his selective use of sources, subjective interpretation and anachronistic reading of the historical context. Positive reviews were given mostly by Christian and conservative publications, with Human Events including it in its listing of "Top 10 Conservative Books of 2006".
<Beautiful_Young_Minds>	Beautiful Young Minds was a documentary first shown at the BRITDOC Festival on 26 July 2007 and first broadcast on BBC 2 on 14 October 2007. The documentary follows the selection process and training for the U.K. team to compete in the 2006 International Mathematical Olympiad (IMO), as well as the actual event in Slovenia. Many of the young mathematicians featured in the film had a form of autism, which the documentary links to mathematical ability. The team goes on to win numerous medals at the IMO, including four silver and one bronze. It was directed by Morgan Matthews, edited by Joby Gee and featured music by Sam Hooper. It was also screened at the Bath Film Festival in October 2007. The documentary inspired the 2014 film X+Y, which was also directed by Morgan Matthews, based on IMO participant Daniel Lightwing.
<Ray_Baker_(actor)>	Ray Baker (born July 9, 1948) is an American theater, television and film actor. Baker was born in Omaha, Nebraska. He is a long time character actor with over 100 credits on television and film. Baker is credited either as Ray or Raymond. He grew up in Denver, Colorado and graduated from Denver University, before moving to New York and living and working there for twenty years. Baker appeared on and off Broadway and in regional theatre. He currently lives in Los Angeles, is married to actress and playwright Colleen Dodson, and continues working in theatre, movies, and television.Baker married fellow actor Patricia Richardson in 1982. They had three children together: Henry Richardson Baker (born on February 22, 1985), and twins Roxanne Elizabeth Baker and Joe Castle Baker (born on January 3, 1991), before they divorced in 1995. He married another actress, Colleen Dodson-Baker, in 1997.[citation needed]
<Mandeville_House>	The Mandeville House is located on Lower Station Road (Putnam County Route 12) in Garrison, New York, United States, just west of its intersection with NY 9D and 403. It is the oldest extant house in that community, dating to 1735.During the Revolutionary War, General Israel Putnam, after whom the county is named, was headquartered there for a while. A later occupant, architect Richard Upjohn, lived there for the last 25 years of his life. He expanded the house and redid its exterior in the Gothic Revival style that characterized much of his own work; most of these were removed in the 1920s by a later owner in order to restore the house to something close to its original appearance. In 1982 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.In the early 2000s it has been the subject of a dispute between the foundation which owns it and local history enthusiasts. The latter claim the head of the foundation is improperly using it as a residence and has not fully complied with Internal Revenue Service requirements that the house be open to the public as a museum. The head of the foundation denies any impropriety.
<Michael_Coats>	Michael Lloyd Coats (born January 16, 1946) is a former NASA astronaut (three spaceflights), raised in Riverside, California. From December 2005 to December 2012, he served as Director of the Johnson Space Center in Houston, Texas.Coats was born January 16, 1946, in Sacramento, California. He was raised in Riverside, California, and graduated from Ramona High School in 1964. He received a Bachelor of Science degree from the United States Naval Academy in 1968, a Master of Science degree in Administration of Science and Technology from George Washington University in 1977, and a Master of Science degree in Aeronautical Engineering from the U.S. Naval Postgraduate School in 1979.
<Real_Oviedo>	Real Oviedo is a Spanish football club based in Oviedo, Asturias. Founded on 26 March 1926 as a result of the merger of two clubs who had maintained a large sporting rivalry for years in the city: Real Stadium Club Ovetense and Real Club Deportivo Oviedo. The club plays in the Segunda División, the second tier of the Spanish football league system.The club plays in blue shirts and white shorts in the Estadio Carlos Tartiere, which seats 30,500 spectators, opened on 30 September 2000, and is the largest sports stadium in Asturias. In the all-time league table for the Spanish top division, Oviedo ranks in 18thplace.Its local rivals are Sporting Gijón on the sea coast to its north, with whom the club contests the Asturian derby.Founded in 1926 after a merger of Stadium Ovetense and Real Club Deportivo Oviedo. The first one was founded by young people who had studied in England, where the "foot-ball" was already popular. And the second club was founded a few years later by a split in the first. Oviedo first reached La Liga seven years later.
<CBS_Evening_News>	The CBS Evening News is the flagship evening television news program of CBS News, the news division of the CBS television network in the United States. The CBS Evening News is a daily evening broadcast featuring news reports, feature stories and interviews by CBS News correspondents and reporters covering events around the world. The program has been broadcast since July 1, 1941, under the original title CBS Television News, eventually adopting its current title in 1963.Since July 15, 2019, the nightly broadcast has been anchored by Norah O'Donnell and has been titled CBS Evening News with Norah O’Donnell; since December 2, 2019, the newscast has emanated from CBS News’ bureau in Washington, D.C. Previous weeknight anchors have included Douglas Edwards, Walter Cronkite, Dan Rather, Connie Chung, Bob Schieffer, Katie Couric, Scott Pelley, and Jeff Glor.
<Hiroshi_Amano>	Hiroshi Amano (天野 浩, Amano Hiroshi, born September 11, 1960) is a Japanese physicist, engineer and inventor specializing in the field of semiconductor technology. For his work he was awarded the 2014 Nobel Prize in Physics together with Isamu Akasaki and Shuji Nakamura for "the invention of efficient blue light-emitting diodes which has enabled bright and energy-saving white light sources".Amano was elected as a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 2016 for the development of p-type gallium nitride (GaN) doping, enabling blue semiconductor LEDs.
<University_of_Aizu>	The University of Aizu (Japanese: 会津大学, romanized: Aizu Daigaku) in Aizuwakamatsu, Japan, is the first  university dedicated to computer science engineering in Japan. UoA was ranked 18th (2nd among public universities) and was ranked 7th in the field of computer science in "THE World University Rankings Japan 2022" by Times Higher Education (THE), a British education magazine, released on March 25, 2021. This ranking evaluates universities based on 16 indicators in four areas: educational resources, educational enrichment, educational outcomes, and internationalization, and the University of Aizu was ranked second among public universities. It was ranked 1st in Fostering Entrepreneurship Number of university-launched ventures(Public universities in Japan). The UoA is recognized by many companies and has maintained nearly a 100% of employment rate since its foundation. 
<Carole_Keeton_Strayhorn>	Carole Stewart Keeton (born September 13, 1939), formerly known as  Carole Keeton McClellan, Carole Keeton Rylander and Carole Keeton Strayhorn, is an American politician and the former  Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts.Elected to the comptroller's post in 1998 as a Republican, Keeton ran as an independent candidate for Texas governor against Republican incumbent Rick Perry in 2006. She lost the November general election to Perry and placed third in a six-way race, with 18 percent.Keeton is notable for several firsts in Austin and Texas politics. She is the first and so far only woman elected as mayor of Austin and the first Austin mayor elected to three consecutive terms. She was the first woman elected to the Texas Railroad Commission and the first woman elected as comptroller. She also was the first woman to serve as president of the Austin school board and as president of the Austin Community College board.
<Neil_Simon>	Marvin Neil Simon (July 4, 1927 – August 26, 2018) was an American playwright, screenwriter and author. He wrote more than 30 plays and nearly the same number of movie screenplays, mostly film adaptations of his plays. He has received more combined Oscar and Tony Award nominations than any other writer.Simon grew up in New York City during the Great Depression. His parents' financial difficulties affected their marriage, giving him a mostly unhappy and unstable childhood. He often took refuge in movie theaters, where he enjoyed watching early comedians like Charlie Chaplin. After graduating from high school and serving a few years in the Army Air Force Reserve, he began writing comedy scripts for radio programs and popular early television shows. Among the latter were Sid Caesar's Your Show of Shows (where in 1950 he worked alongside other young writers including Carl Reiner, Mel Brooks, Woody Allen, Larry Gelbart and Selma Diamond), and The Phil Silvers Show, which ran from 1955 to 1959.
<Jawaharlal_Nehru>	Former Prime Minister of IndiaInfluenced
<Albert_Einstein_World_Award_of_Science>	The Albert Einstein World Award for Science is an annual award given by the World Cultural Council "as a means of recognition and encouragement for scientific and technological research and development", with special consideration for researches which "have brought true benefit and well being to mankind". Named for physicist and theoretician Albert Einstein (1879–1955); the award includes a diploma, a commemorative medal, and US$10,000.The recipient of the award is evaluated and elected by an Interdisciplinary Committee, which is composed of world-renowned scientists, among them 25 Nobel laureates.
<United_Patriots>	The United Patriots (OP; Bulgarian: Обединени Патриоти; ОП, romanized: Obedineni Patrioti; OP) was a nationalist electoral alliance in Bulgaria formed by three political parties: IMRO – Bulgarian National Movement (IMRO), Attack (until 25 July 2019), and the National Front for the Salvation of Bulgaria (NFSB).The coalition between the three parties was created by the agreement put forward a joint candidacy for the 2016 presidential election. The coalition's candidates for president and vice president were the then Deputy Chairmen of the National Assembly Krasimir Karakachanov (for President) and Yavor Notev (for Vice President).On July 25, 2019, Volen Siderov, Desislav Chukolov and Pavel Shopov were expelled from the parliamentary group.
<Alan_Grayson>	Alan Mark Grayson (born March 13, 1958) is an American politician who served as the U.S. representative for Florida's 8th congressional district from 2009 to 2011 and Florida's 9th congressional district from 2013 to 2017. A member of the Democratic Party, he was defeated for reelection in 2010 by Republican Daniel Webster; he was then reelected in 2012 for a second, non-consecutive term in the U.S. House of Representatives in another district, defeating Republican Todd Long.In 2016, Grayson decided not to run for reelection to his House seat in order to run for the U.S. Senate. He was defeated 59%–18% in the Democratic primary by fellow Representative Patrick Murphy, who went on to lose the general election to incumbent Republican Marco Rubio. In 2018, Grayson entered the race for the 9th congressional district. He was defeated in the Democratic primary by his successor Darren Soto, 66%–34%. On March 27, 2021, Grayson announced his candidacy for the 2022 U.S. Senate election in Florida to challenge Rubio. On June 14, 2022, Grayson announced that he would drop his bid for Senate and instead run in the open race for Florida's 10th congressional district, in which he lost the Democratic primary.
<Priscilla_Meirelles>	Priscilla Meirelles de Almeida-Estrada (born 5 September 1983) is a Brazilian model, host, actress, environmentalist and beauty queen. She won the Miss Earth 2004 pageant held in the Philippines. She also won the Miss Globe 2003 pageant. Meirelles has been married to Filipino actor and model John Estrada since March 2011.Meirelles born in the city of Belém do Pará, a city of the Brazilian Amazon region, represented the Brazilian state of Amazonas in beauty contests by the Brazil, she was chosen Miss Earth Brazil also representing the Amazonas state in 2004. Her father Luis Claudio Almeida is an advertising company creative director and her mother, Marcia Regina Meirelles is a businesswoman. She is of Portuguese and Spanish descent.
<Marko_Ćetković>	Marko Ćetković (Cyrillic; Марко Ћeткoвић; born 10 July 1986) is a Montenegrin professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Montenegrin club FK Mornar. He also played for the Montenegrin national team.Ćetković began his career with Crvena Stijena and Mladost Podgorica. When he left Mladost, he played in the Montenegrin Second League, at the time one of two third-tier leagues in Serbia and Montenegro's football pyramid.
<Joan_Gardner>	Joan Gardner may refer to:
<Henderson_County_Courthouse_(North_Carolina)>	The Henderson County Courthouse, also known as the Historic Henderson County Courthouse and the Old Henderson County Courthouse, is a historic 3-story brick gold-domed Classical Revival style courthouse building located  at One Historic Courthouse Square, corner of  1st and Main streets in Hendersonville, North Carolina.It is Henderson County's second courthouse and is adjacent to site of the 1840s courthouse which was razed upon its completion. Famed architect Frank Pierce Milburn was asked in 1903 to design the new courthouse, but the county commissioners rejected his design and instead hired Englishman Richard Sharp Smith, who was the resident architect of the Biltmore Estate after the death of Richard Morris Hunt in 1895. Construction by local builder W. F. Edwards began in 1904 and was completed in July, 1905.The old courthouse was closed for renovations after the completion of a new courthouse at 200 North Grove Street in 1995. The restored 1905 courthouse currently houses the Henderson County Heritage Museum and some government offices.
<Jung_Suk-won>	Jung Suk-won (Korean: 정석원; born May 16, 1985) is a South Korean actor. He began his entertainment career as a stuntman with the Seoul Action School after being discharged from the Marines, then turned to modeling and acting, notably in the television series Rooftop Prince, and Haeundae Lovers.Jung began dating singer Baek Ji-young in 2011, and the couple married on June 2, 2013 at the Sheraton Grande Walkerhill. On 22 May 2017, the couple's first child, a daughter named Jung Ha-im is born.
<Roy_Williams_(coach)>	Roy Allen Williams (born August 1, 1950) is an American retired college basketball coach who served as the men's head coach for the North Carolina Tar Heels for 18 seasons and the Kansas Jayhawks for 15 seasons. He was inducted into the College Basketball Hall of Fame in 2006 and the Basketball Hall of Fame in 2007.Williams started his college coaching career at North Carolina as an assistant coach for Dean Smith in 1978. Four years later, North Carolina won the national championship. After ten years as Smith's assistant, Williams became head coach at Kansas in 1988, taking them to 14 consecutive NCAA tournaments, four Final Four appearances, two national championship game appearances, collecting an .805 winning percentage, and winning nine conference titles.
<Beast_(Disney)>	The Beast is a fictional character who appears in Walt Disney Animation Studios' 30th animated feature film Beauty and the Beast (1991), as well as in the film's two direct-to-video followups Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas and Belle's Magical World. Based on the hero of the French fairy tale by Jeanne-Marie Leprince de Beaumont, the Beast was created by screenwriter Linda Woolverton and animated by Glen Keane.A pampered prince transformed into a hideous beast as punishment for his cold-hearted and selfish ways, the Beast must, in order to return to his former self, earn the love of a beautiful young woman named Belle who he imprisons in his castle. All this must be done before the last petal falls from the enchanted rose on his twenty-first birthday. In all animated film appearances, the Beast is voiced by American actor Robby Benson. The 1991 animated film was adapted into a Broadway musical in 1994, with the role being originated by American actor Terrence Mann. Dan Stevens portrays a live-action version of the character in the 2017 live-action adaptation of the original 1991 film.
<Alberto_Lattuada>	Alberto Lattuada (Italian pronunciation: [alˈbɛrto lattuˈaːda; latˈtwaːda]; 13 November 1914 – 3 July 2005) was an Italian film director.Lattuada was born in Vaprio d'Adda, the son of composer Felice Lattuada. He was initially interested in literature, becoming, while still a student, a member of the editorial staff of the antifascist fortnightly Camminare... (1932) and part of the artists' group Corrente di Vita (1938).
<Ludwig_Mies_van_der_Rohe>	Ludwig Mies van der Rohe (/miːs ... roʊ/ MEESS-...-ROH; German: [ˈluːtvɪç ˈmiːs fan deːɐ̯ ˈʁoːə]; born Maria Ludwig Michael Mies; March 27, 1886 – August 17, 1969) was a German-American architect. He was commonly referred to as Mies, his surname. Along with Alvar Aalto, Le Corbusier, Walter Gropius and Frank Lloyd Wright, he is regarded as one of the pioneers of modernist architecture.In the 1930s, Mies was the last director of the Bauhaus, a ground-breaking school of modernist art, design and architecture. After Nazism's rise to power, with its strong opposition to modernism (leading to the closing of the Bauhaus itself), Mies emigrated to the United States. He accepted the position to head the architecture school at what is today the Illinois Institute of Technology in Chicago.
<Rodrigo_Maia>	Rodrigo Felinto Ibarra Epitácio Maia (born 12 June 1970) is a Brazilian politician and served as President of the Chamber of Deputies of Brazil between July 2016 and February 2021. Maia is the son of former Rio de Janeiro Mayor Cesar Maia and he is in his fifth term as congressman.He was affiliated with the Democrats party, formerly PFL, from 1996 to 2021, when he was expelled for criticizing party president ACM Neto.Rodrigo Maia was born in Chile, while his father, the former Rio de Janeiro Mayor Cesar Maia was living in exile, and was registered at the Brazilian consulate in Santiago. Maia started economics at Candido Mendes University, but did not complete the course.In 1990, before starting a career in politics, he worked for Banco BMG and then Banco Icatu [pt]. From 1997 to 1998, Maia was Municipal Secretary of the Mayor of Rio de Janeiro.
<Evgeny_Paton>	Professor Evgeny Oscarovich Paton (Russian: Евгений Оскарович Патон, Yevgeni Oskarovich Paton 1870–1953) was a Ukrainian and Soviet engineer of Ukrainian descent who established the E. O. Paton Electric Welding Institute in Kyiv. Paton was a people's deputy of the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union (1946–1953). He was the father of Borys Paton.Born in 1870 in Nice, France, he studied at the Dresden Technical University (graduated in 1894), and at the Petersburg Institute of Railway Roads (graduated in 1896). He designed the structure of the train station in Dresden, and was a lecturer at the  Moscow Engineering College of Railway Roads (1889–1904). Paton was a professor at Kyiv Polytechnic Institute and the Chairman of the Bridge Department from 1904 to 1938. In 1929 he organized a welding laboratory and the Electric Welding Committee. In 1934 Paton founded the Electric Welding Institute of the Academy of Sciences of Ukrainian SSR in Kyiv. From 1945 to 1952 he was a Vice-President of the Academy of Sciences of Ukrainian SSR.Paton was a pioneer researcher of joining and welding technology. In order to make welding a reliable technological process, it was necessary to conduct comprehensive research regarding the mechanics of welded structures, the metallurgical processes involved, and the physics of the arc, as well as to develop welding equipment, tools, and techniques.
<Mercedes_McCambridge>	Carlotta Mercedes Agnes McCambridge (March 16, 1916 – March 2, 2004) was an American actress of radio, stage, film, and television. Orson Welles called her "the world's greatest living radio actress."  She won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her screen debut in All the King's Men (1949) and was nominated in the same category for Giant (1956). She also provided the voice of the demon Pazuzu in The Exorcist (1973).McCambridge was born in Joliet, Illinois, the daughter of Irish-American Catholic parents Marie (née Mahaffry) and John Patrick McCambridge, a farmer. She graduated from Mundelein College in Chicago.McCambridge began her career as a radio actor during the 1930s while also performing on Broadway. In 1941, she played Judy's friend in A Date with Judy. She had the title role in Defense Attorney, a crime drama broadcast on ABC in 1951–52. Her other work on radio included:
<Jerry_Siegel>	Jerome Siegel (/ˈsiːɡəl/ SEE-gəl; October 17, 1914 – January 28, 1996) was an American comic book writer. He is the co-creator of Superman, in collaboration with his friend Joe Shuster. Siegel and Shuster were inducted into the comic book industry's Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 1992 and the Jack Kirby Hall of Fame in 1993. Siegel also used pseudonyms including Joe Carter and Jerry Ess.Jerry Siegel was born on October 17, 1914, in Cleveland, Ohio, to a Jewish family. His parents were both Jewish immigrants who arrived in New York in 1900, having fled anti-Semitism in their native Lithuania. His father was born Mikhel Iankel Segalovich and his mother was born Sora Meita Khaikels, but they changed their names to Michael and Sarah Siegel after moving to America. Jerry was the last of six children (Isabel, Leo, Minerva, Roslyn, and Harry). His father was a tailor and owned a clothing store. On June 2, 1932, Jerry's father was assaulted in his store by a shoplifter and suffered a fatal heart attack. Jerry's mother died of a heart attack on August 17, 1941.
<FK_Spartak_Subotica>	Fudbalski klub Spartak Ždrepčeva Krv (Serbian Cyrillic: Фудбалски клуб Спартак Ждрепчева Крв) is a professional football club from Subotica, Serbia, that plays in the Serbian SuperLiga.The club was founded in 1945 and was named after Jovan Mikić Spartak, the leader of the Partisans in Subotica, who was a national hero and was killed in 1944.
<Maxwell_Bates>	Maxwell Bates CM RCA LL.D (14 December 1906 – 14 September 1980) was an architect and expressionist painter.Born in Calgary, Alberta in 1906, Bates started painting at an early age; his piece In the Kitchen was painted when he was 15 years old.  As a young adult, he worked for his father's architecture firm.  His father, William Stanley Bates, was himself a prominent architect in early Calgary who designed the Burns Building (1912) and the Grain Exchange (1909).Bates studied with Lars Jonson Haukaness at the Provincial Institute of Technology and Art in Calgary from 1926–1927. In 1931 Bates moved to England, where he supported himself as a door-to-door vacuum salesman while exhibiting his art work at the Wertheim Gallery.  In England he associated with promising young artists such as Barbara Hepworth and Victor Pasmore.
<ACC_Network>	ACC Network (ACCN) is an American multinational subscription-television channel owned and operated by ESPN Inc. Dedicated to coverage of the Atlantic Coast Conference, it was announced in July 2016 and launched on August 22, 2019. The channel operates from ESPN's headquarters in Bristol, Connecticut, though some programming and staff is in Charlotte, North Carolina.The network's digital platform, ACC Network Extra (ACCNX), streams on ESPN.com and the ESPN app for ACC Network subscribers, and carries ACC events not broadcast on television.There had been repeated calls for the ACC to establish its own cable channel, similar to those that had or were being established by other Power Five conferences. From July 1, 2012, to June 30, 2013 (in the midst of realignment that saw Pittsburgh, Syracuse and Louisville announce that they would join the ACC, Maryland leave for the Big Ten, and Notre Dame join the ACC outside of football), the ACC took in less television revenue than the Pac-12, SEC and Big Ten conferences. The Big Ten and Pac-12 had already launched their own channels, while ESPN and the SEC had announced the SEC Network would launch in 2014. SEC Network's first year of operation increased the conference's television revenue by around $100 million.
<Vengeance_(Jonas_book)>	Vengeance is a 1984 book by George Jonas describing part of Operation Wrath of God, the Israeli assassination campaign launched after the 1972 Munich Olympics massacre. It was re-released as Vengeance: The True Story of an Israeli Counter-Terrorist Team or Vengeance: Sword of Gideon in some later editions and countries.The main source of the book is also the main character, Yuval Aviv, known in the book as Avner.  A Mossad officer, he is recruited to lead a small team into Europe to assassinate a number of suspected PLO and Black September militants. Each of the book's chapters deals with a separate stage of the mission, including the background to each assassination. Although Jonas claimed to have verified Aviv's story as much as possible, critics, including members of the Israeli Intelligence Community, have called into question story's validity.[citation needed] It has inspired both a 1986 made for television movie called Sword of Gideon and the 2005 Steven Spielberg film Munich.
<University_of_Lausanne>	The University of Lausanne (UNIL; French: Université de Lausanne) in Lausanne, Switzerland was founded in 1537 as a school of Protestant theology, before being made a university in 1890. The university is the second oldest in Switzerland, and one of the oldest universities in the world to be in continuous operation. As of fall 2017, about 15,000 students and 3,300 employees studied and worked at the university. Approximately 1,500 international students attend the university (120 nationalities), which has a wide curriculum including exchange programs with other universities.Since 2005, the university follows the requirements of the Bologna process. The 2011 Times Higher Education World University Rankings ranked the University of Lausanne 116th globally. The CWTS Leiden Ranking 2015 ranks the University of Lausanne 11th in Europe and 41st globally, out of 750 universities.
<Daniel_McFadden>	Daniel Little McFadden (born July 29, 1937) is an American econometrician who shared the 2000 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences with James Heckman. McFadden's share of the prize was "for his development of theory and methods for analyzing discrete choice". He is the Presidential Professor of Health Economics at the University of Southern California and Professor of the Graduate School at University of California, Berkeley.McFadden was born on July 29, 1937 in Raleigh, North Carolina. He attended the University of Minnesota, where he received a B.S. in Physics, and a Ph.D. in Behavioral Science (Economics) five years later (1962). While at the University of Minnesota, his graduate advisor was Leonid Hurwicz, who was awarded the Economics Nobel Prize in 2007.In 1964 McFadden joined the faculty of University of California, Berkeley, focusing his research on choice behavior and the problem of linking economic theory and measurement. In 1974 he introduced Conditional logit analysis.
<Keith_Moon>	Keith John Moon (23 August 1946 – 7 September 1978) was an English drummer for the rock band the Who. He was noted for his unique style of playing and his eccentric, often self-destructive behaviour and addiction to drugs and alcohol.Moon grew up in Alperton, a suburb of Wembley, in Middlesex, and took up the drums during the early 1960s. After playing with a local band, the Beachcombers, he joined the Who in 1964 before they recorded their first single. Moon was recognised for his drumming style, which emphasised tom-toms, cymbal crashes, and drum fills. Throughout Moon's tenure with the Who, his drum kit steadily grew in size, and (along with Ginger Baker) he has been credited as one of the earliest rock drummers to regularly employ double bass drums in his setup. Moon occasionally collaborated with other musicians and later appeared in films, but considered playing in the Who his primary occupation, and remained a member of the band until his death. In addition to his talent as a drummer, Moon developed a reputation for smashing his kit on stage and destroying hotel rooms on tour. He was fascinated with blowing up toilets with cherry bombs or dynamite, and destroying television sets. Moon enjoyed touring and socialising, and became bored and restless when the Who were inactive. His 21st birthday party in Flint, Michigan, has been cited as a notorious example of decadent behaviour by rock groups.
<Concord,_Massachusetts>	Concord (/ˈkɒŋkərd/) is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, in the United States. At the 2020 census, the town population was 18,491. The United States Census Bureau considers Concord part of Greater Boston. The town center is near where the confluence of the Sudbury and Assabet rivers forms the Concord River.The area that became the town of Concord was originally known as Musketaquid, an Algonquian word for "grassy plain." Concord was established in 1635 by a group of English settlers; by 1775, the population had grown to 1,400. As dissension between colonists in North America and the British crown intensified, 700 troops were sent to confiscate militia ordnance stored at Concord on April 19, 1775. The ensuing conflict, the battles of Lexington and Concord, were the incidents (including the shot heard round the world) that triggered the American Revolutionary War.
<Jeanie_Buss>	Jeanie Marie Buss (born September 26, 1961) is an American sports executive who is the controlling owner and president of the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). A daughter of Jerry Buss, who owned the Lakers and other sports businesses, she entered the family business as general manager of the Los Angeles Strings professional tennis team at 19.  She later bought the Los Angeles Blades professional roller hockey team.   She served as president of the Great Western Forum before becoming vice president of the Lakers. After her father died in 2013, his controlling ownership of the Lakers passed to his six children via a family trust, with each sibling receiving an equal vote. Buss took over as team president and as the Lakers representative on the NBA Board of Governors. In 2020, she became the first female controlling owner to guide her team to an NBA championship.Born in Santa Monica, California, Buss was the third of four children to Joann and Jerry Buss, and one of two daughters; she grew up with older brothers Johnny and Jim and younger sister Janie. Their parents divorced in 1972, leaving Buss feeling emotionally abandoned. At age 14, Buss attended World Team Tennis meetings with her father, who owned the Los Angeles Strings. When she was 17, she moved in with her father at Pickfair. She became so familiar with the estate that she led guided tours. Buss attended college at the University of Southern California (USC), where she majored in business and graduated with honors.World TeamTennis folded in 1978, and was revived in 1981 as TeamTennis. Jerry once again owned the second incarnation of the Strings, and he appointed the 19-year-old Jeanie as the general manager while she was studying at USC. "Basically, my dad bought me the team," said Buss. After the Strings folded in 1993, Buss brought professional roller hockey to Los Angeles as owner of the Los Angeles Blades in Roller Hockey International. The league named her Executive of the Year. Buss also served four years as president of the Great Western Forum, then the home arena of the Lakers. Throughout her stint with the Forum, her role with the Lakers increased, and she served as the Alternate Governor on the NBA Board of Governors since 1995. In 1999, she was named executive vice president of business operations for the Lakers. Her brother Jim was promoted to vice president of player personnel in 2005. Their father's plan was to have Jeanie handle the business decisions of the team, while Jim handled the basketball side of the Lakers.
<St_Lawrence_(Isle_of_Wight)_railway_station>	St Lawrence railway station is a former railway station in the village of St Lawrence on the Isle of Wight.It opened in 1897 and was the original terminus of the branch line from Merstone until the 1½ mile extension to Ventnor was completed in June 1900. From 1927 the station was downgraded to the status of an unstaffed halt.
<LA_Galaxy>	LA Galaxy, also known as the Los Angeles Galaxy, are an American professional soccer club based in the Los Angeles metropolitan area. The Galaxy competes in Major League Soccer (MLS), as a member of the Western Conference. The club began play in 1996 as one of the league's 10 charter members.The Galaxy were founded in 1994 and are owned by Anschutz Entertainment Group (also owners of 50% of the Los Angeles Kings, as well as an interest in the Los Angeles Lakers). In their early years, the club played its home games at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California. Since 2003, they have played at Dignity Health Sports Park in Carson, California. The team holds a rivalry with the San Jose Earthquakes in the California Clásico and used to play the SuperClasico against city rivals Chivas USA before that team folded in 2014. Following the league's dissolution of Chivas USA, a new expansion team, Los Angeles Football Club (LAFC), was formed in 2014 and began play in 2018.  The new L.A. rivalry was dubbed "El Tráfico."
<Albert_Kahn_(architect)>	Albert Kahn (March 21, 1869 – December 8, 1942) was an American industrial architect. He was accredited the architect of Detroit and designed industrial plant complexes such as the Ford River Rouge automobile complex. He designed the construction of Detroit skyscrapers and office buildings as well as mansions in the city suburbs. He led an organization of hundreds of architect associates and in 1937, designed 19% of all architect-designed industrial factories in the United States. Under a unique contract in 1929, Kahn established a design and training office in Moscow, sending twenty-five staff there to train Soviet architects and engineers, and to design hundreds of industrial buildings under their first five-year plan. They trained more than 4,000 architects and engineers using Kahn's concepts. In 1943, the Franklin Institute posthumously awarded Kahn the Frank P. Brown Medal.Kahn was born on March 21, 1869, to a Jewish family in Rhaunen, in the Kingdom of Prussia. He received his early education in the school of Luxembourg. At age twelve in 1881, Kahn immigrated with his family to Detroit, Michigan. His father Joseph was trained as a rabbi; his mother Rosalie had a talent for the visual arts and music. Kahn had four brothers, including  Moritz, who became an engineer, and Julius Kahn, an engineer and inventor, who later collaborated with him in his architectural firm. They also had two sisters.
<Yukiya_Kitamura>	Yukiya Kitamura (北村 有起哉, Kitamura Yukiya, born April 29, 1974, in Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese actor represented by Tom company. His father is actor Kazuo Kitamura and his wife is actress Shiho Takano.While in Tokyo Metropolitan Institute Fuji High School, Kitamura was interested in theater and wants to be an aspiring actor. He later studied acting at the Japan Institute of the Moving Image and in 1998 he debuted in the stage play Spring Awakening and the film Dr. Akagi. Kitamura perform at stage shows but he does not belong to a specific theater company and in recent years he appeared in a number of television dramas. On 2016 his first starring film role was Taiyō no Futa.On June 4, 2013, Kitamura married actress Shiho Takano after dating for four years. He later announced in his blog that they later gave birth to male child on November 2014.
<United_Petroleum>	United Petroleum is an Australian petrol retailer and importer.Its origins can be traced back to 1981, when United's directors commenced operating service stations under the Astron banner in Victoria. Astron was closely associated with Esso. By 1990, the company had opened 23 new sites throughout Victoria.
<Shami_Chakrabarti>	Sharmishta "Shami" Chakrabarti, Baroness Chakrabarti, CBE, PC (born 16 June 1969) is a British politician, barrister, and human rights activist. A member of the Labour Party, she served as the director of Liberty, a major advocacy group which promotes civil liberties and human rights, from 2003 to 2016. From 2016 to 2020, she served as Shadow Attorney General for England and Wales.Chakrabarti was born in the London Borough of Harrow, and studied law at the London School of Economics. After graduating, she was called to the Bar and then worked as an in-house legal counsel for the Home Office. When she was the director of Liberty, she campaigned against what Liberty considered "excessive" anti-terror legislation. In this role, she frequently contributed to BBC Radio 4 and various newspapers, and was described in The Times as "probably the most effective public affairs lobbyist of the past 20 years". She was one of the panel members of the Leveson Inquiry into press standards throughout 2011 and 2012. Between 2014 and 2017, she served as Chancellor of the University of Essex.
<CF_Badalona>	Club de Fútbol Badalona (Catalan pronunciation: [bəðəˈlonə]) is a Spanish football team based in Badalona, in the autonomous community of Catalonia. Founded in 1903 it plays in Tercera Federación – Group 5, temporarily holding home games at Estadi Municipal de Badalona, with a capacity of 4,170 seats.Badalona was founded in 1903 as Football Bétulo Club, being renamed FC Badalona five years later. It played 14 seasons in the second division (1934–36, 1939–41, 1947–52, 1963–68), but this was prior to the creation of the intermediate Segunda División B.
<DHX_Media>	WildBrain Ltd. (formerly known as DHX Media, Ltd.) is a Canadian media, animation studio, production, and brand licensing company, mostly associated as an entertainment company. The company is known for owning the largest library of children's television programming, which is distributed through its multi-channel network, WildBrain Spark, and a group of Canadian specialty television channels.DHX was founded in 2006 when the entertainment entrepreneurs Michael Donovan and Steven DeNure gained control of Decode Entertainment and the Halifax Film Company.
<Dingle_Foot>	Sir Dingle Mackintosh Foot, QC (24 August 1905 – 18 June 1978) was a British lawyer, Liberal and Labour Member of Parliament, and Solicitor General for England and Wales in the first government of Harold Wilson.Born in Plymouth, Devon, Foot was the eldest son of Isaac Foot, who was a solicitor and founder of the Plymouth law firm, Foot and Bowden. Isaac Foot was an active member of the Liberal Party and was Liberal Member of Parliament for Bodmin in Cornwall between 1922 and 1924 and again from 1929 to 1935, and also a Lord Mayor of Plymouth. 
<Anthony_Havelock-Allan>	Sir Anthony James Allan Havelock-Allan, 4th Baronet (28 February 1904 – 11 January 2003) was a British film producer and screenwriter whose credits included This Happy Breed, Blithe Spirit, Great Expectations, Oliver Twist, the 1968 version of Romeo and Juliet and Ryan's Daughter.Havelock-Allan was born at the family home of Blackwell Grange near Darlington, County Durham, and was educated at Charterhouse and schools in Switzerland. Before becoming a film producer, he worked as a stockbroker, jeweller, record company executive and cabaret manager.
<SV_Werder_Bremen>	Sportverein Werder Bremen von 1899 e. V. (German pronunciation: [ɛs faʊ̯ ˌvɛʁdɐ ˈbʁeːmən] (listen)), commonly known as Werder Bremen (pronounced [ˌvɛʁdɐ ˈbʁeːmən] (listen)), Werder or simply Bremen, is a German professional sports club based in Bremen, Free Hanseatic City of Bremen. Founded on 4 February 1899, they are best known for their professional association football team, who compete in the Bundesliga, the first tier of the German football league system. Werder share the record for most seasons played in the Bundesliga with Bayern Munich, and are third in the all-time Bundesliga table, behind Bayern and Borussia Dortmund.Werder have been German champions four times, have won the DFB-Pokal six times, the DFL-Ligapokal once, the DFL-Supercup thrice, and the European Cup Winners' Cup once. The team's first major trophy came in the 1960–61 DFB-Pokal, a competition they last won in 2008–09. Their first German championship came in 1964–65, and their latest in 2003–04, when they won the double. In Europe, Werder won the 1992 European Cup Winners' Cup in a final against AS Monaco. They were runners-up in the 2008–09 UEFA Cup, losing against Shakhtar Donetsk in the final.
<MiamiCentral>	MiamiCentral is a mixed-use railroad station development in the Government Center district of Downtown Miami, Florida, currently serving inter-city rail service Brightline. It includes connections to such transit as Metrorail, Metromover, and Metrobus. There are also plans for the station to serve Tri-Rail commuter rail trains in 2023. The 9-acre complex also includes 3 million square feet (280,000 m2) of residential, office, commercial, and retail development. The station was built by All Aboard Florida, a subsidiary of Florida East Coast Industries (FECI) overseeing Brightline. MiamiCentral was designed by Skidmore, Owings & Merrill in association with Zyscovich Architects.MiamiCentral was originally a railroad station opened April 15, 1896 as the southern terminus of Henry Flagler's Florida East Coast Railway (FEC). The station was the southern end of the FEC line until 1905, when construction began to Key West via the Overseas Railroad. The FEC built a wooden passenger station building in 1912 at site of what would become the Dade County Courthouse. Construction on the courthouse was started in 1925 and finished 1928. FEC regularly serviced the site until January 23, 1963, when union workers for both companies went on strike.
<Alliance_Atlantis>	Coordinates: 43°40′11.47″N 79°23′7.92″W﻿ / ﻿43.6698528°N 79.3855333°W﻿ / 43.6698528; -79.3855333Alliance Atlantis Communications Inc. (commonly known as Alliance Atlantis and commonly shortened to simply Alliance or Atlantis and formerly traded as TSX:AAC) was a Canadian media company that operated primarily as a specialty service operator in Canada. Alliance Atlantis also had offices in Halifax, Los Angeles, London, Dublin, Madrid, Barcelona, Shannon, and Sydney.Alliance Atlantis was a merger of two companies: Atlantis Communications (founded in 1978), and Alliance Communications (founded in 1985). Both companies merged in 1998.
<Toledo,_Ohio>	Toledo (/təˈliːdoʊ/ tə-LEE-doh) is a city in and the county seat of Lucas County, Ohio, United States. A major Midwestern United States port city, Toledo is the fourth-most populous city in the state of Ohio, after Columbus, Cleveland, and Cincinnati, and according to the 2020 census, the 79th-largest city in the United States.  With a population of 270,871, it is the principal city of the Toledo metropolitan area. It also serves as a major trade center for the Midwest; its port is the fifth-busiest in the Great Lakes and 54th-biggest in the United States. The city was founded in 1833 on the west bank of the Maumee River, and originally incorporated as part of Monroe County, Michigan Territory. It was refounded in 1837, after the conclusion of the Toledo War, when it was incorporated in Ohio.After the 1845 completion of the Miami and Erie Canal, Toledo grew quickly; it also benefited from its position on the railway line between New York City and Chicago. The first of many glass manufacturers arrived in the 1880s, eventually earning Toledo its nickname: "The Glass City". It has since become a city with a distinctive and growing art community, auto assembly businesses, education, thriving healthcare, and well-supported local sports teams. Downtown Toledo has been subject to major revitalization efforts, allowing a bustling entertainment district.
<Viacom_International>	Paramount Global Distribution Group or Paramount Global Content Distribution is the international television distribution arm of American media conglomerate, Paramount Global, originally established in 1962 as the international distribution division of Desilu Productions. With the sale of Desilu to Gulf+Western, then-owners of film studio Paramount Pictures, in 1968, the division evolved into Paramount's first foray into the international television industry in the 1970s.The division handles the distribution of television content from the libraries of Paramount Media Networks, Paramount Television Studios, CBS Studios, CBS Media Ventures, Showtime Networks and Paramount+.The division as well as Paramount International Television was originally established in 1962 as the international distribution division of Desilu Productions, Desilu International, which was managed by Bruce Gordon. The company co-produced The Lost Islands with the Ten Network (now Network 10) in 1975. Network 10 and this division have been in common ownership since 2019 after the Viacom/CBS merger. In 1983, it acquired distribution rights to the Australian miniseries, Return to Eden.In 1968, Desilu was sold to Gulf+Western, the then-owners of film studio Paramount Pictures, eventually adding international television to its well known film operations. Gulf+Western rebranded the division as Paramount Television International to handle international sales of Desilu/Paramount properties from Paramount Television.
<Barry_Levinson>	Barry Lee Levinson (born April 6, 1942) is an American filmmaker, comedian and actor. Levinson's best-known works are mid-budget comedy drama and drama films such as Diner (1982); The Natural (1984); Good Morning, Vietnam (1987); Bugsy (1991); and Wag the Dog (1997). He won the Academy Award for Best Director for Rain Man (1988). In 2021, he co-executive produced the Hulu miniseries Dopesick and directed the first two episodes.Levinson is of Russian-Jewish descent.
<José_Fonte>	José Miguel da Rocha Fonte ComM (born 22 December 1983) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Ligue 1 club Lille and the Portugal national team.Fonte started his professional career with Sporting CP B, moving to England with Crystal Palace in 2007. He signed for Southampton in 2010, where he made 288 appearances in all competitions, until he joined West Ham United in January 2017. He then represented Dalian Yifang in China and Lille in France, winning the Ligue 1 title with the latter in the 2020–21 season.
<The_Believer_(magazine)>	The Believer is an American bimonthly magazine of interviews, essays, and reviews, founded by the writers Heidi Julavits, Vendela Vida, and Ed Park in 2003. The magazine is a five-time finalist for the National Magazine Award.Between 2003 and 2015, The Believer was published by McSweeney's, the independent press founded in 1998 by Dave Eggers. Eggers designed The Believer's original design template. Park left The Believer in 2011, with Julavits and Vida continuing to serve as editors. In 2017, the magazine found a new home, moving from McSweeney's to the Beverly Rogers, Carol C. Harter Black Mountain Institute, an international literary center at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas.In October 2021, The UNLV College of Liberal Arts announced that the February/March 2022 issue of Believer would be the final issue published. UNLV then sold the magazine to digital marketing company Paradise Media, which in turn sold it back to its original publisher, McSweeney's.
<Ernst_Jung_Prize>	The Ernst Jung Prize is a prize awarded annually for excellence in biomedical sciences.  The Ernst Jung Foundation, funded by Hamburg merchant Ernst Jung in 1967, has awarded the Ernst Jung Prize in Medicine, now €300,000, since 1976, and the lifetime achievement Ernst Jung Gold Medal for Medicine since 1990.Source: Jung FoundationSource: Jung Foundation
<Martin_Luther_King_Jr.>	Campaigns
<Banca_Tercas>	Banca Tercas, formerly known as Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Teramo was an Italian savings bank based in Teramo, Abruzzo. On 1 January 2011 the bank purchased fellow savings bank Banca Caripe from Banco Popolare. The enlarged banking group was also referred as Tercas Caripe. However, Tercas was acquired by Banca Popolare di Bari (BP Bari) in 2014, which in turn Tercas and Caripe became part of the BP Bari Group as divisions. A spin off organization of the bank, Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Teramo or Fondazione Tercas, still operates as a charity organization and independent from Banca Popolare di Bari.Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Teramo was found on 12 October 1939 (date of royal decree) by the merger of Casse di Risparmio di Atri and Casse di Risparmio di Nereto. On 24 June 1992, the bank was split into Tercas S.p.A. and a banking foundation. The banking foundation owned 80% shares of the società per azioni (company limited by shares), while one of the leading savings bank Cassa di Risparmio delle Provincie Lombarde (Cariplo) owned the rest of shares or 20%. Cariplo also owned 20% shares of fellow Abruzzo-based savings banks Carichieti and Caripe.In October 2006 Banca Tercas S.p.A. was founded. The banking foundation sold 15% shares they owned to the public. Banca Intesa, the successor of Cariplo, retained their 20% shares. In 2007 Intesa Sanpaolo, the successor of Banca Intesa, sold their 20% shares on Banca Tercas for €89 million to other investors. Creval was a minority shareholders of the bank for 7.8%.
<Richard_Greenberg>	Richard Greenberg (born February 22, 1958) is an American playwright and television writer known for his subversively humorous depictions of middle-class American life. He has had more than 25 plays premiere on and Off-Broadway in New York City and eight at the South Coast Repertory Theatre in Costa Mesa, California, including The Violet Hour, Everett Beekin, and Hurrah at Last.Greenberg is perhaps best known for his 2003 Tony Award winning play, Take Me Out, about the conflicts that arise after a Major League Baseball player nonchalantly announces to the media that he is gay. The play premiered in London and ran in New York as the first collaboration between England's Donmar Warehouse and New York's Public Theater. After it transferred to Broadway in early 2003, Take Me Out won widespread critical acclaim for Greenberg and many prestigious awards.Greenberg grew up in East Meadow, New York, a middle-class Long Island town in Nassau County, east of New York City. His father, Leon Greenberg, was an executive for New York's Century Theaters movie chain, and his mother Shirley was a homemaker. Greenberg graduated from East Meadow High School in 1976 and went on to attend Princeton University, where he graduated magna cum laude with an A.B. in English. As part of his degree, Greenberg completed a 438-page senior thesis titled "A Romantic Career - A Novel". At Princeton, Greenberg studied creative writing under Joyce Carol Oates and roomed with future Harvard economics professor Greg Mankiw. Later he attended Harvard for graduate work in English and American literature, but dropped out of the program when he was accepted to the Yale School of Drama's playwriting program in 1985.
<Henry_Norris_Russell>	Henry Norris Russell ForMemRS HFRSE FRAS (October 25, 1877 – February 18, 1957) was an American astronomer who, along with Ejnar Hertzsprung, developed the Hertzsprung–Russell diagram (1910). In 1923, working with Frederick Saunders, he developed Russell–Saunders coupling, which is also known as LS coupling.Russell was born on 25 October 1877, at Oyster Bay, New York, the son of Rev Alexander Gatherer Russell (1845-1911) and his wife, Eliza Hoxie Norris.After graduating from George School in 1895, he studied astronomy at Princeton University, obtaining his B.A. In 1897 and his doctorate in 1899, studying under Charles Augustus Young. From 1903 to 1905, he worked at the Cambridge Observatory with Arthur Robert Hinks as a research assistant of the Carnegie Institution and came under the strong influence of George Darwin.
<Manindra_Agrawal>	Manindra Agrawal (born 20 May 1966) is a professor at the Department of Computer Science and Engineering and the Deputy Director at the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur. He was also the recipient of the first Infosys Prize for Mathematics, the Godel Prize in 2006; and the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Award in Mathematical Sciences in 2003. He has been honoured with Padma Shri in 2013.He created the AKS primality test with Neeraj Kayal and Nitin Saxena, for which he and his co-authors won the 2006 Fulkerson Prize, and the 2006 Gödel Prize. He was also awarded a 2002 Clay Research Award for this work. The test is the first unconditional deterministic algorithm to test an n-digit number for primality in a time that has been proven to be polynomial in n.
<George_Davey_Smith>	George Davey Smith FRS (born 9 May 1959) is a British epidemiologist. He has been professor of clinical epidemiology at the University of Bristol since 1994, honorary professor of public health at the University of Glasgow since 1996, and visiting professor at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine since 1999.He was also the scientific director of the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (until replaced in 2017 by Nic Timpson) and a former editor-in-chief of the International Journal of Epidemiology.
<Emily_Lau>	Emily Lau Wai-hing, JP (Chinese: 劉慧卿; born 21 January 1952) is a politician in Hong Kong who champions press freedom and human rights. A former journalist, she became the first woman directly elected on the Legislative Council of Hong Kong in the 1991 LegCo elections. She has served as Legislative Councillor for the New Territories East Constituency throughout the 1990s and 2000s until she stepped down in 2016. She was chairperson of the Democratic Party of Hong Kong until 2016.Lau was born on 21 January 1952 in Hong Kong. In 1948, Lau's parents moved from Guangdong to Hong Kong during the Chinese Civil War. In 1962, attended the new English-language Maryknoll Sisters' School in Happy Valley, where she studied until 1972. When she was in primary school, she was given the English name Emily by her aunt.
<Har_Gobind_Khorana>	Har Gobind Khorana (9 January 1922 – 9 November 2011) was an Indian American biochemist. While on the faculty of the University of Wisconsin–Madison, he shared the 1968 Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine with Marshall W. Nirenberg and Robert W. Holley for research that showed the order of nucleotides in nucleic acids, which carry the genetic code of the cell and control the cell's synthesis of proteins. Khorana and Nirenberg were also awarded the Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize from Columbia University in the same year.Born in British India, Khorana served on the faculties of three universities in North America. He became a naturalized citizen of the United States in 1966, and received the National Medal of Science in 1987.
<Alexander_H._Stephens>	Alexander Hamilton Stephens (February 11, 1812 – March 4, 1883) was an American politician who served as the vice president of the Confederate States from 1861 to 1865, and later as the 50th governor of Georgia from 1882 until his death in 1883. A member of the Democratic Party, he represented the state of Georgia in the United States House of Representatives before and after the Civil War prior to becoming governor.Stephens attended Franklin College and established a legal practice in his home town of Crawfordville, Georgia. After serving in both houses of the Georgia General Assembly, he won election to Congress, taking his seat in 1843. He became a leading Southern Whig and strongly opposed the Mexican–American War. After the war, Stephens was a prominent supporter of the Compromise of 1850 and helped draft the Georgia Platform, which opposed secession. A proponent of the expansion of slavery into the territories, Stephens also helped pass the Kansas–Nebraska Act. As the Whig Party collapsed in the 1850s, Stephens eventually joined the Democratic Party and worked with President James Buchanan to admit Kansas as a state under the pro-slavery Lecompton Constitution (which was overwhelmingly rejected by voters in a referendum in that state).
<Philippe_Douste-Blazy>	Philippe Douste-Blazy (French pronunciation: ​[filip dust blazi]; born 1 January 1953) is a French United Nations official and former centre-right politician. Over the course of his career, he served as Under-Secretary-General of the United Nations, Special Adviser on Innovative Financing for Development in the UN and chairman of UNITAID.He previously served as French Minister for Health (1993–1995 and 2004–2005), Minister of Culture (1995–1997) and as Foreign Minister in the cabinet of Dominique de Villepin (2005–2007). He was mayor of Lourdes 1989–2000 and mayor of Toulouse 2001–2004.
<Edward_W._Morley>	Edward Williams Morley (January 29, 1838 – February 24, 1923) was an American scientist known for his precise and accurate measurement of the atomic weight of oxygen, and for the Michelson–Morley experiment.Morley was born in Newark, New Jersey, to Anna Clarissa Treat and the Reverend Sardis Brewster Morley. Both parents were of early colonial ancestry and of purely British origin. He grew up in West Hartford, Connecticut. During his childhood, he suffered much from ill health and was therefore educated by his father at home until the age of nineteen.In 1857 Morley entered Williams College at Williamstown, Massachusetts, his father's alma mater. He received his A.B. in 1860 and his master's degree in 1863. Around 1860 he gradually shifted his attention from chemistry, which fascinated him since he was child, to optics and astronomy. In 1860–61 he mounted a transit instrument, constructed a chronograph, and made the first accurate determination of the latitude of the college observatory. This determination was the subject of his first published paper, which was read before the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 1866.
<Delhi>	Delhi, officially the National Capital Territory (NCT) of Delhi, is a city and a union territory of India containing New Delhi, the capital of India. Straddling the Yamuna river, primarily its western or right bank, Delhi shares borders with the state of Uttar Pradesh in the east and with the state of Haryana in the remaining directions. The NCT covers an area of 1,484 square kilometres (573 sq mi). According to the 2011 census, Delhi's city proper population was over 11 million, while the NCT's population was about 16.8 million. Delhi's urban agglomeration, which includes the satellite cities of Ghaziabad, Faridabad, Gurgaon and Noida in an area known as the National Capital Region (NCR), has an estimated population of over 28 million, making it the largest metropolitan area in India and the second-largest in the world (after Tokyo).The topography of the medieval fort Purana Qila on the banks of the river Yamuna matches the literary description of the citadel Indraprastha in the Sanskrit epic Mahabharata; however, excavations in the area have revealed no signs of an ancient built environment. From the early 13th century until the mid-19th century, Delhi was the capital of two major empires, the Delhi sultanate and the Mughal Empire, which covered large parts of South Asia. All three UNESCO World Heritage Sites in the city, the Qutub Minar, Humayun's Tomb, and the Red Fort, belong to this period. Delhi was the early centre of Sufism and Qawwali music.  The names of Nizamuddin Auliya and Amir Khusrau are prominently associated with it. The Khariboli dialect of Delhi was part of a linguistic development that gave rise to the literature of the Urdu language and then of Modern Standard Hindi. Major Urdu poets from Delhi include Mir Taqi Mir and Mirza Ghalib. Delhi was a major centre of the Indian Rebellion of 1857. In 1911, New Delhi, a southern region within Delhi, became the capital of the British Indian Empire.  During the Partition of India in 1947, Delhi was transformed from a Mughal city to a Punjabi one, losing two-thirds of its Muslim residents, in part due to the pressure brought to bear by arriving Hindu refugees from western Punjab. After independence in 1947, New Delhi continued as the capital of the Dominion of India, and after 1950 of the Republic of India.  
<Brandon_Barash>	Brandon Joseph Barash (born October 4, 1979) is an American actor known for playing the role of Johnny Zacchara on the ABC Daytime soap opera General Hospital.From 2002 to 2004, Barash played Jamie, Paris Geller's boyfriend, in multiple episodes of The WB drama series Gilmore Girls.Barash first appeared in the contract role of Johnny Zacchara on the ABC soap opera General Hospital in September 2007, and left in March 2013. He returned for several short stints from 2014 to 2016.
<Ye_Qianyu>	Ye Qianyu (or Yeh Ch'ien-yü; 31 March 1907 – 5 May 1995) was a Chinese painter and pioneering manhua artist. In 1928, he cofounded Shanghai Manhua, one of the earliest and most influential manhua magazines, and created Mr. Wang, one of China's most famous comic strips.Ye was also a master of traditional Chinese painting and served as the head of the Department of Chinese Painting of the China Central Academy of Fine Arts. During the Cultural Revolution he was persecuted and imprisoned for seven years.
<Mott_Prize>	The Nevill Mott Medal and Prize is an award presented in selected years by the Institute of Physics in the United Kingdom, for distinguished research in condensed matter or materials physics. It was first established in 1997 thanks to a donation of Sir Nevill Mott's family. Sir Nevill Mott was one of the outstanding British condensed matter theorists and won a Nobel Prize in Physics in 1977. He died in 1996. The award consists of a silver medal and a prize of £1000.The following have received the medal:
<Philip_Bourneuf>	Philip Bourneuf (January 7, 1908 - March 23, 1979) was an American character actor who had a long stage career before appearing in films.The son of engineer Ambrose Bourneuf and his wife, the former Josephine Comeau, Bourneuf was born in Somerville, Massachusetts. He grew up in Melrose, Massachusetts. As a high school student, he performed in vaudeville and with local stock theater companies.Bourneuf's obituary in The New York Times noted, "Mr. Bourneuf was included in the small circle of distinguished actors who appeared in the original casts of the American Repertory Theater, a group founded by Eva Le Gallienne, Margaret Webster, and Cheryl Crawford."
<Heinrich_Wieland_Prize>	The Heinrich Wieland Prize is awarded annually by the Boehringer Ingelheim Foundation for outstanding research on biologically active molecules and systems in the areas of chemistry, biochemistry and physiology as well as their clinical importance.In 1963, the Margarine Institute established the Heinrich Wieland Prize to support research in the field of lipids. In 2000, the Margarine Institute ended its sponsorship of the Prize and the pharmaceutical company Boehringer Ingelheim became the new sponsor. In 2011, the Boehringer Ingelheim Foundation took over the prize.The awardee is selected by a scientific board of trustees. The prize is named after the Nobel Prize Laureate in chemistry Professor Heinrich Wieland (1877-1957), one of the leading lipid chemists of the first half of the 20th century. To mark its 50th anniversary in 2014, the prize money was raised to 100,000 euros.
<Francisco_Gallardo>	Francisco "Paco" Gallardo León (born 13 January 1980) is a Spanish football manager and former player who played as a midfielder.Born in Seville, Andalusia, and a product of hometown club Sevilla FC's youth system, Gallardo made his first-team debut aged 20, being instrumental in their 2001 return to La Liga and proceeding to have a further two solid seasons with the main squad. In November of that year, he was fined and suspended by the Royal Spanish Football Federation for violating standards of "sporting dignity and decorum" after he congratulated teammate José Antonio Reyes, who had just scored, by bending down and biting on his penis.
<Michael_Zaslow>	Michael Joel Zaslow (November 1, 1942 – December 6, 1998) was an  American actor. He was best known for his role as villain Roger Thorpe on CBS's Guiding Light, a role he played from 1971 to 1980 and again from 1989 to 1997.Zaslow was born in Inglewood, California. He played Dick Hart on the CBS soap opera Search for Tomorrow and Dr. Peter Chernak on Love Is a Many Splendored Thing.  He also played David Renaldi on ABC's One Life to Live from 1983 to 1986. Zaslow guest-starred on a number of other television shows and soap operas, including Barnaby Jones, The Love Boat, and Law & Order. In the episode "The Man Trap," the series' September 8, 1966 premiere of Star Trek, he played Crewman Darnell, the first Starship Enterprise crew member to be killed off. The incident sparked the first diagnosis of the now-famous line: "He's dead, Jim," by Enterprise crew-member Dr. Leonard McCoy (DeForest Kelley). He also appeared as Jordan in the episode "I, Mudd".  He costarred in the  1977 feature film You Light Up My Life, and appeared in the 1979 sci-fi movie Meteor.
<Edward_F._Seagram>	Edward Frowde Seagram (September 28, 1873 – February 1, 1937) was an entrepreneur, philanthropist and politician in Ontario, Canada. He served as mayor of Waterloo from 1906 to 1907.The son of distiller Joseph Emm Seagram and Stephanie Urbs, he was born in Waterloo and was educated at the Lakefield Preparatory school, Trinity College and McGill University. Seagram joined his father's business in 1894. Around 1910, he purchased the Globe Furniture Company, originally based in Walkerville, and moved it to Waterloo (Globe folded in 1968.). In 1920, Seagram became president of the distillery. That same year, he purchased Mueller Cooperage, renaming it Canadian Barrels and Kegs (later Canbar of Breslau).
<Bremen>	Bremen (Low German also: Breem or Bräm), officially the City Municipality of Bremen (German: Stadtgemeinde Bremen, IPA: [ˈʃtatɡəˌmaɪndə ˈbʁeːmən] (listen)), is the capital of the German state Free Hanseatic City of Bremen (Freie Hansestadt Bremen), a two-city-state consisting of the cities of Bremen and Bremerhaven. With about 570,000 inhabitants, the Hanseatic city is the 11th largest city of Germany and the second largest city in Northern Germany after Hamburg.Bremen is the largest city on the River Weser, the longest river flowing entirely in Germany, lying some 60 km (37 mi) upstream from its mouth into the North Sea, and is surrounded by the state of Lower Saxony. A commercial and industrial city, Bremen is, together with Oldenburg and Bremerhaven, part of the Bremen/Oldenburg Metropolitan Region, with 2.5 million people. Bremen is contiguous with the Lower Saxon towns of Delmenhorst, Stuhr, Achim, Weyhe, Schwanewede and Lilienthal. There is an exclave of Bremen in Bremerhaven, the "Citybremian Overseas Port Area Bremerhaven" (Stadtbremisches Überseehafengebiet Bremerhaven). Bremen is the fourth largest city in the Low German dialect area after Hamburg, Dortmund and Essen.Bremen's port, together with the port of Bremerhaven at the mouth of the Weser, is the second largest port in Germany after the Port of Hamburg. The airport of Bremen (Flughafen Bremen "Hans Koschnick") lies in the southern borough of Neustadt-Neuenland and is Germany's 12th busiest airport.
<Scott_Carson>	Scott Paul Carson (born 3 September 1985) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Premier League club Manchester City.Carson joined the Leeds United academy in 2002, making his full first-team debut for Leeds against Manchester United in February 2004. In January 2005, he moved to Liverpool for a £750,000 fee and was called up for the England senior team later that year. He made nine appearances for Liverpool, including the UEFA Champions League quarter-final victory over Juventus in April 2005, before going on loan to Sheffield Wednesday, Charlton Athletic and Aston Villa in successive seasons to gain experience. After his return to Liverpool from his loan spell at Aston Villa at the end of the 2007–08 season, he joined West Bromwich Albion for a £3.25 million fee in July 2008. In 2011, he moved to Bursaspor of Turkey. After two years in Turkey, he moved back to England with Wigan Athletic, where he remained until 2015 when he signed for Derby County. Carson joined reigning Premier League champions Manchester City on loan in August 2019 to provide cover for Ederson and Claudio Bravo. He signed permanently for Manchester City in 2021.
<Tbilisi>	Tbilisi (English: /təbɪˈliːsi, təˈbɪlɪsi/ tə-bil-EE-see, tə-BIL-iss-ee; Georgian: თბილისი Georgian pronunciation: [tʰbilisi]), in some languages still known by its pre-1936 name Tiflis (/ˈtɪflɪs/ TIF-liss), is the capital and the largest city of Georgia, lying on the banks of the Kura River with a population of approximately 1.5 million people. Tbilisi was founded in the 5th century AD by Vakhtang I of Iberia, and since then has served as the capital of various Georgian kingdoms and republics. Between 1801 and 1917, then part of the Russian Empire, Tiflis was the seat of the Caucasus Viceroyalty, governing both the northern and the southern parts of the Caucasus.Because of its location on the crossroads between Europe and Asia, and its proximity to the lucrative Silk Road, throughout history Tbilisi was a point of contention among various global powers. The city's location to this day ensures its position as an important transit route for energy and trade projects. Tbilisi's history is reflected in its architecture, which is a mix of medieval, neoclassical, Beaux Arts, Art Nouveau, Stalinist and the Modern structures.
<Natalya_Andrejchenko>	Natalya Eduardovna Andreychenko (Russian: Ната́лья Эдуа́рдовна Андре́йченко; born May 3, 1956) is a Russian actress. Her most famous roles include the title character in Mary Poppins, Goodbye and Lyuba in Wartime Romance. She has the title of Honored Artist of the RSFSR (1984).Andreychenko decided to become an actress in early high school. After an unsuccessful attempt to get into the Mikhail Shchepkin Higher Theatre School, she was admitted to the Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography where she studied under Sergei Bondarchuk and Irina Skobtseva. In 1976 she appeared in her first films From Dawn Till Sunset and Kolybelnaya dlya Muzchin. Her first successful film role was in the 1979 epic film Siberiade, which received the special jury prize at the Cannes Film Festival. However, Natalya became more popular in the Soviet Union after her roles in Mary Poppins, Goodbye and Wartime Romance, both feature films released in 1983.
<Berlin_Cathedral>	The Berlin Cathedral (German: Berliner Dom), also known as the Evangelical Supreme Parish and Collegiate Church, is a monumental German Evangelical  church and dynastic tomb (House of Hohenzollern) on the Museum Island in central Berlin. Having its origins as a castle chapel for the Berlin Palace, several structures have served to house the church since the 15th century. The present collegiate church was built from 1894 to 1905 by order of German Emperor William II according to plans by Julius Raschdorff in Renaissance and Baroque Revival styles. The listed building is the largest Protestant church in Germany and one of the most important dynastic tombs in Europe. In addition to church services, the cathedral is used for state ceremonies, concerts and other events.Since the demolition of the Memorial Church (Denkmalskirche) section on the north side by the East German authorities in 1975, the Berlin Cathedral has consisted of the large Sermon Church (Predigtkirche) in the center, and the smaller Baptismal and Matrimonial Church (Tauf- und Traukirche) on the south side and the Hohenzollern crypt (Hohenzollerngruft), which covers almost the entire basement. Damaged during the Allied bombing in World War II, the cathedral's original interior was restored by 2002. Currently there is discussion about restoring the historical exterior as well.
<New_England_Revolution>	The New England Revolution is an American professional soccer club based in the Greater Boston area that competes in Major League Soccer (MLS), in the Eastern Conference of the league. It is one of the ten charter clubs of MLS, having competed in the league since its inaugural season.The club is owned by Robert Kraft, who also owns the New England Patriots along with his son, Jonathan Kraft. The name "Revolution" refers to the New England region's significant involvement in the American Revolution that took place from 1775 to 1783.
<Diana_Trilling>	Diana Trilling (née Rubin; July 21, 1905 – October 23, 1996) was an American literary critic and author, one of a group of left-wing writers known as the New York Intellectuals.Born Diana Rubin, she married the literary and cultural critic Lionel Trilling in 1929  after an extended stay in Paris with childhood friend Margaret Lefranc. Her parents, Sadie (née Forbert) and Joseph Rubin, were Polish Jews, her father from Warsaw and her mother from the local countryside.  She graduated from Radcliffe College.Diana Trilling was a reviewer for The Nation magazine. Her works include We Must March My Darlings (1977), an essay collection; Mrs. Harris (1981), a study of and meditation on the trial of Jean Harris; and The Beginning of the Journey (1993), a memoir of her life and marriage to Lionel Trilling.
<The_Woman_(2011_film)>	The Woman is a 2011 American horror film directed by Lucky McKee, adapted by McKee and Jack Ketchum from McKee and Ketchum's novel of the same name. It is a sequel to the 2009 film Offspring. The film stars Pollyanna McIntosh, Angela Bettis, Sean Bridgers, Lauren Ashley Carter, Carlee Baker, and Alexa Marcigliano, and introduces Zach Rand and Shyla Molhusen.The film was released as part of the Bloody Disgusting Selects line.In 2019, McIntosh wrote and directed a sequel titled Darlin'.
<Major_League_Baseball_Most_Valuable_Player_Award>	The Major League Baseball Most Valuable Player Award (MVP) is an annual Major League Baseball (MLB) award given to one outstanding player in the American League and one in the National League. Since 1931, it has been awarded by the Baseball Writers' Association of America (BBWAA). Until 2020, the winners received the Kenesaw Mountain Landis Memorial Baseball Award, which became the official name of the award in 1944, in honor of the first MLB commissioner, Kenesaw Mountain Landis, who served from 1920 until his death on November 25, 1944. Starting in 2020, Landis’ name no longer appeared on the MVP trophy after the BBWAA received complaints from several former MVP winners about the late Commissioner’s role against integration of MLB.MVP voting takes place before the postseason, but the results are not announced until after the World Series. The BBWAA began by polling three writers in each league city in 1938, reducing that number to two per league city in 1961. The BBWAA does not offer a clear-cut definition of what "most valuable" means, instead leaving the judgment to the individual voters.First basemen, with 35 winners, have won the most MVPs among infielders, followed by second basemen (16), third basemen (15), and shortstops (15). Of the 25 pitchers who have won the award, 15 are right-handed while 10 are left-handed. Walter Johnson, Carl Hubbell, and Hal Newhouser are the only pitchers who have won multiple times, with Newhouser winning consecutively in 1944 and 1945.
<Harry_L._Baker,_Jr.>	Georgia Tech Research InstituteUnited States Naval ReserveHarry L. Baker Jr. (May 2, 1912 – January 11, 1973) was the president of the Georgia Tech Research Corporation from its creation in 1946 until his death in 1973.Baker was born in Atlanta, Georgia and graduated from the Georgia Institute of Technology in 1934. He later received a Bachelor of Laws from Emory University in 1961.
<F.C._Famalicão>	Futebol Clube de Famalicão, commonly known as Famalicão, is a Portuguese football club from Vila Nova de Famalicão. Founded on 21 August 1931, its senior team currently plays in the Primeira Liga, the top tier of Portuguese football.Since 1952, Famalicão have played their home matches at the Estádio Municipal 22 de Junho, which holds a 5,307-seat capacity. The Famalicenses' most successful period of their history occurred in the early 1990s, where the club played four seasons in the Primeira Liga, between 1990 and 1994, counting now with seven Primeira Liga appearances. The club is owned by Quantum Pacific Group which also has 30% share of Atlético de Madrid.Futebol Clube de Famalicão was founded on the 21 August 1931 by six friends. Their first match was the opening of their ground, the Campo da Berberia, with a match against FC Porto in 1932. Their first kit was green and white, however, they eventually changed it to blue and white in order to get affiliation from Porto. Famalicão started competing in 1932–33 in the Regional Promotion Championship which they won. In 1945–46, the club reached the semi-finals of the Taça de Portugal under Hungarian manager Janos Szabo, but were beaten 11–0 by a Sporting CP team led by Cândido de Oliveira.
<Gunahon_Ka_Devta_(novel)>	Gunahon Ka Devta (Hindi: गुनाहों का देवता; lit. The God of Crimes) is a 1949 Hindi novel by Dharamvir Bharati. The story is set in Allahabad during the British rule in India. The story has four main characters: Chandar, Sudha, Vinti and Pammi.Over time, the novel gained historical importance and a cult following of readers. The story is about a young student, Chander, who falls in love with Sudha, the daughter of his college professor. It was published by Bhartiya Jnanpith Trust and its 55th edition was published in 2009.This is Dharamvir Bharati's most famous work, and it earned him a huge fan-following especially in the contemporary youth, as well as several awards and accolades, thus making him one of the most recognised names in Hindi Literature following Munshi Premchand.
<Canal+_Group>	Groupe Canal+ is a French mass media company. It is owned and controlled by Vivendi and has a film library in excess of 5,000 films. Vivendi has sold some parts of Canal+ to private investors which are still using the name of Canal+. It is headquartered in Issy-les-Moulineaux, in the suburbs of Paris.The Wall Street Journal described Canal+ as "the French film industry's biggest financial backer, beloved by French cineastes".It is a major source of finance for domestic film production, participating in the financing of the vast majority of films produced in France. It also  has its own subsidiary companies with direct involvement in film production.
<Hansjürgen_Matthies>	Hansjürgen Matthies (6 March 1925 – 22 August 2008) was a German pharmacologist and neuroscientist.He served as a professor and the Institute Director at the Magdeburg Medical Academy, and was also the director of another academic institute outside the university.   Colleagues describe him as "the doyen of Neuroscience in Magdeburg" and more widely in the German Democratic Republic.    After the political changes of 1989/90 his work continued at the institution now remodelled as the Otto-von-Guericke University Magdeburg and the closely associated Leibnitz Institute for Neurobiology.Matthies was born in Stettin in 1925.   During the Second World War he was a soldier, joining the NSDAP (Nazi Party) in 1943, the year of his eighteenth birthday.   Towards the end of the war he was captured by the British, and on his release he became a member of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands / SED), newly formed in April 1946 in the Soviet occupation zone within what remained of Germany.   He embarked on the study of medicine, obtaining his doctorate, which he produced under the supervision of Friedrich Jung, from the Humboldt University of Berlin in 1953.   He received his habilitation, a further academic qualification, in 1957.
<Eunício_Oliveira>	Eunício Lopes de Oliveira (born 30 September 1952) is a Brazilian politician and businessman. He has represented Ceará in the Federal Senate since 2011 and became president of the Senate of Brazil on 1 February 2017. Previously, he was a federal congressman representing Ceará from 1999 to 2011. He is a member of the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party.  He was candidate running for Governor of Ceará in 2014. He is mentioned in 2017 among the beneficiaries of bribes from the multinational JBS.[citation needed]
<Herbert_Freudenberger>	Herbert J. Freudenberger (1926–1999) was a  German-born American psychologist. Though Freudenberger had many jobs during his life, including practitioner, editor, theoretician, and author, his most significant contribution is in the understanding and treatment of stress, chronic fatigue and substance abuse.Freudenberger was one of the first to describe the symptoms of exhaustion professionally and perform a comprehensive study of "burnout". In 1980, he published a book dealing with chronic fatigue, which became a standard reference for the phenomenon. Freudenberger was awarded the American Psychological Foundation Gold Medal Award for Life Achievement in the Practice of Psychology in 1999.Freudenberger was born on November 26, 1926 in Frankfurt, Germany, to a middle-class Jewish-German family. His father was a cattle dealer, while his mother had three jobs: bookkeeper, housekeeper, and business partner.
<Mansoor_Ijaz>	Mansoor Ijaz (born August 1961) is a Pakistani-American venture financier and hedge-fund manager. He is founder and chairman of Crescent Investment Management Ltd, a New York and London-based investment firm that operates CARAT, a proprietary trading system developed by Ijaz in the late 1980s. His venture investments included unsuccessful efforts in 2013 to acquire a stake in Lotus F1, a Formula One team. In the 1990s, Ijaz and his companies were contributors to Democratic Party institutions as well as the presidential candidacies of Bill Clinton.During the first Clinton term, when the U.S. had severed official ties with Sudan, Ijaz opened informal communications links between Washington and Khartoum in an effort to gain access to Sudanese intelligence data on Osama bin Laden and Al-Qaeda, who were then operating from Sudan. Ijaz was involved in efforts to broker a ceasefire in Kashmir in 2000–2001, and in the Memogate controversy, in which former Pakistani envoy Husain Haqqani allegedly used him to deliver a memorandum to senior U.S. officials in order to thwart an attempted coup by the Pakistani military after bin Laden was killed.
<Bethesda,_Maryland>	Bethesda (/bəˈθɛzdə/) is an unincorporated, census-designated place in southern Montgomery County, Maryland. It is located just northwest of Washington, D.C. It takes its name from a local church, the Bethesda Meeting House (1820, rebuilt 1849), which in turn took its name from Jerusalem's Pool of Bethesda. The National Institutes of Health's main campus and the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center are in Bethesda, in addition to a number of corporate and government headquarters.As an unincorporated community, Bethesda has no official boundaries. According to the 2020 U.S. census, the community had a total population of 68,056.
<Sony_Wonder>	Sony Wonder (founded as Sony Kids’ Music) is the kids and family entertainment label of Sony Pictures Home Entertainment and the former record label owned by Sony Music Entertainment.Despite the similarity in name, Sony Wonder is not directly related to the former Sony Wonder Technology Lab, an interactive technology and entertainment museum, although the museum was also owned by Sony.
<Ezhu_Sundara_Rathrikal>	Ezhu Sundara Rathrikal (transl. Seven Beautiful Nights) is a 2013 Malayalam-language romantic comedy film directed by Lal Jose and starring Dileep, Parvathy Nambiar, Rima Kallingal and Murali Gopy. The film follows a sequence of events that unfolds during a course of seven days and nights of a bridegroom. It depicts how Aby Mathews (Dileep) life is tossed over when he happens to meet his ex-girlfriend once again before his wedding day.Aby Mathew is an ad film-maker who is about to marry his model Ann. Aby throws a bachelors party for his bunch of friends viz. Abid, Franco, Daisy and a few others just seven days before the marriage. Through Abid, Aby learns of his ex-flame Sini's presence in the same city with whom he had a fall-out just a few days before their marriage. An inebriated Aby decides to go to Sini to invite her for his marriage. Sini talks high of her husband Alex, a boxer, with whom she has a son as well. Aby also boasts of his fiancée. During this meeting, Aby accidentally leaves his packet of cigarettes behind, which is then taken by Sini's son to school. On discovering the cigarette packet in school, the principal calls Sini and her husband for disciplinary action against their son. Sini however realizes that she cannot go to school with Alex since that would mean telling him about Aby's visit that day which she had kept as a secret from him. Sini therefore pleads to Aby to accompany her to school posing as her husband. Things take an ugly turn when they are seen together by a stranger.
<Marjorie_Daw_(actress)>	Marjorie Daw (born Marguerite E. House; January 19, 1902 – March 18, 1979) was an American film actress of the silent film era. She appeared in more than 70 films between 1914 and 1929.Born in Colorado Springs, Colorado, Daw was the daughter of John H. House. She took her stage name from Marjorie Daw, a short story by Thomas Bailey Aldrich. Daw began acting as a teen to support her younger brother and herself after the death of their parents. She made her film debut in 1914 and worked steadily during the 1920s. She retired from acting after the advent of sound film.
<Jiang_Ying_(musician)>	Jiang Ying (simplified Chinese: 蒋英; traditional Chinese: 蔣英; August 11, 1919 – February 5, 2012) was a Chinese opera singer and music teacher. She was the wife of Chinese rocket scientist Qian Xuesen, to whom she was married from 1947 until 2009 (his death)On 11 Aug 1919, Jiang was born in Haining, Jiaxing, Zhejiang province. Jiang was of mixed Chinese and Japanese descent. She was the third daughter of Jiang Baili, a leading military strategist of Chiang Kai-shek, and his Japanese wife, Satō Yato (佐藤屋登). She was a distant relative of the wuxia novelist Louis Cha.In 1936 Jiang went to Europe with her father and studied music in Berlin. Jiang graduated from Universität der Künste Berlin in 1941. When World War II broke out in Europe, Jiang had to move and further studied opera in Switzerland. Jiang graduated from Musikhochschule Luzern in 1944.
<Sergio_García_(footballer,_born_1983)>	Sergio García de la Fuente (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈseɾxjo ɣaɾˈθi.a]; born 9 June 1983) is a Spanish former professional footballer. Mainly a forward, he could also appear as a winger, preferably on the right. After starting out at Barcelona, he went on to represent mainly Zaragoza and Espanyol, serving as captain of the latter. Over 14 seasons, he amassed La Liga totals of 360 matches and 75 goals.
<Anne_Parillaud>	Anne Parillaud (French: [an paʁijo]; born 6 May 1960) is a French actress who has been active since 1977. She is best known internationally for playing the title character in Luc Besson's film La Femme Nikita.Parillaud was born in Paris. While in school she studied ballet and her ambition was to become a lawyer, but a role during summer vacation – when she was only 16 – in Michel Lang's L'hôtel de la plage (1978) launched her into the world of film. She had a three-year relationship with actor Alain Delon and co-starred with him in his only two films as director, Pour la peau d'un flic (1981) and Le Battant (1983).
<Minnesota_Sports_Facilities_Authority>	The Minnesota Sports Facilities Authority (MSFA) is the public authority that owns and operates U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, Minnesota. It was established in 2012 by the Minnesota Legislature as the successor organization to the Metropolitan Sports Facilities Commission (MSFC), which was established in 1977 to oversee the construction of the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome; the MSFC owned and operated the Metrodome in a similar fashion to the MSFA. The MSFA initially oversaw the Metrodome until the stadium was demolished to make way for U.S. Bank Stadium in early 2014. Three of its five members are appointed by the Governor of Minnesota, with the remaining two being appointed by the mayor of Minneapolis.Public involvement in stadiums within the Twin Cities area has existed ever since interest in professional sports within the area started to grow in the early 1950s. The cities of Minneapolis and Bloomington formed the Metropolitan Sports Area Commission (MSAC) on August 13, 1954, to oversee the construction and operation of Metropolitan Stadium in the latter city, with the stadium opening in 1956. However, with the Minnesota Vikings dissatisfied by the state of the stadium in the 1970s, plans were devised for its replacement by local and state governments.When the Metropolitan Sports Facilities Commission was formed in 1977, it absorbed the MSAC and took over the operations of Metropolitan Stadium; it would continue to do so until the end of 1981 with the Metrodome's opening the following year. The commission was composed of seven members, six of which were appointed by the Minneapolis City Council. The chair, however, was appointed by the Governor of Minnesota and could not reside in Minneapolis. The commission was abolished by the Minnesota Legislature as part of legislation that funded U.S. Bank Stadium in May 2012; its assets were transferred to the Minnesota Sports Facilities Authority.
<Wolfgang_Amadeus_Mozart>	Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart (27 January 1756 – 5 December 1791), baptised as Joannes Chrysostomus Wolfgangus Theophilus Mozart, was a prolific and influential composer of the Classical period. Despite his short life, his rapid pace of composition resulted in more than 800 works of virtually every genre of his time. Many of these compositions are acknowledged as pinnacles of the symphonic, concertante, chamber, operatic, and choral repertoire. Mozart is widely regarded as among the greatest composers in the history of Western music, with his music admired for its "melodic beauty, its formal elegance and its richness of harmony and texture".Born in Salzburg, in the Holy Roman Empire, Mozart showed prodigious ability from his earliest childhood. Already competent on keyboard and violin, he composed from the age of five and performed before European royalty. His father took him on a grand tour of Europe and then three trips to Italy. At 17, he was a musician at the Salzburg court but grew restless and travelled in search of a better position.
<Bradley_Bell>	Bradley Phillip Bell (born June 29, 1964) is an American television writer and producer. Bell is an eight-time Daytime Emmy Award winner and is executive producer and head writer for The Bold and the Beautiful, an American soap opera.Bradley Bell was born in Chicago, Illinois, the son of William J. Bell and Lee Phillip Bell. Bell's parents co-created the soap operas The Young and the Restless and The Bold and the Beautiful. His mother was also an Emmy Award-winning broadcast journalist and talk show personality. Bell graduated from the Latin School of Chicago before attending the University of Colorado at Boulder  and the University of Wisconsin at Madison. He concluded his studies at University of California, Los Angeles where he majored in television production before going on to join the writing staff of The Young and the Restless.
<Cork_Distilleries_Company>	Cork Distilleries Company was an Irish whiskey distilling company. It was formed in 1867, when four Cork distilleries, Daly's, the Green, North Mall, the Watercourse were amalgamated under one company to form the Cork Distilleries Company. In 1868, these were joined by another Cork distillery, James Murphy's Midleton Distillery. The company existed until 1966, when the Cork Distilleries Company merged with two other Irish distillers, John Powers & Son and John Jameson & Son, to form Irish Distillers.The company produced Paddy Whiskey, and Cork Dry Gin among other products.
<Ronald_Stuart_Burt>	Ronald Stuart Burt (born 1949) is an American sociologist. He is the Charles M. Harper Leadership Professor of Sociology and Strategy at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business and a Distinguished Professor at Bocconi University.  He is most notable for his research and writing on social networks and social capital, particularly the concept of structural holes in a social network.Originally a pre-medical major, Burt earned his B.A. in social and behavioral sciences from Johns Hopkins University in 1971 with a focus on social psychology. He earned a M.A. in Sociology from The State University of New York at Albany in 1973 working with Nan Lin. He moved to the University of Chicago to work with mathematical sociology professor James Samuel Coleman and earned his Ph.D. in Sociology in 1977. His dissertation committee also included the social network analyst Edward Laumann.Prior to joining the University of Chicago in 1993, he was a professor of sociology at the University of California, Berkeley and Columbia University. He is also the former Shell Professor of Human Resources at INSEAD and has held various organizational development positions at Raytheon.
<Deakin_University>	Deakin University is a public university in Victoria, Australia. Founded in 1974, the university was named after Alfred Deakin, the second Prime Minister of Australia.Its main campuses are in Melbourne's Burwood suburb, Geelong Waurn Ponds, Geelong Waterfront and Warrnambool, as well as the online Cloud Campus. Deakin also has learning centres in Dandenong and Werribee, all in the state of Victoria.
<John_von_Neumann>	John von Neumann (/vɒn ˈnɔɪmən/; Hungarian: Neumann János Lajos, pronounced [ˈnɒjmɒn ˈjaːnoʃ ˈlɒjoʃ]; December 28, 1903 – February 8, 1957) was a Hungarian-American mathematician, physicist, computer scientist, engineer and polymath. He was regarded as having perhaps the widest coverage of any mathematician of his time and was said to have been "the last representative of the great mathematicians who were equally at home in both pure and applied mathematics". He integrated pure and applied sciences.Von Neumann made major contributions to many fields, including mathematics (foundations of mathematics, measure theory, functional analysis, ergodic theory, group theory, lattice theory, representation theory, operator algebras, matrix theory, geometry, and numerical analysis), physics (quantum mechanics, hydrodynamics, ballistics, nuclear physics and quantum statistical mechanics), economics (game theory and general equilibrium theory), computing (Von Neumann architecture, linear programming, numerical meteorology, scientific computing, self-replicating machines, stochastic computing), and statistics. He was a pioneer of the application of operator theory to quantum mechanics in the development of functional analysis, and a key figure in the development of game theory and the concepts of cellular automata, the universal constructor and the digital computer.
<Charles_Allen_Thomas>	Charles Allen Thomas (February 15, 1900 – March 29, 1982) was a noted American chemist and businessman, and an important figure in the Manhattan Project. He held over 100 patents.A graduate of Transylvania College and Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Thomas worked as a research chemist at General Motors  as part of a team researching antiknock agents. This led to the development of tetraethyllead,  which was widely used in motor fuels for many decades until its toxicity led to its prohibition. In 1926, he and Carroll A. "Ted" Hochwalt co-founded Thomas & Hochwalt Laboratories in Dayton, Ohio, with Thomas as president of the company. It was acquired by Monsanto in 1936, and Thomas would spend the rest of his career with Monsanto, rising to become its president in 1950, and chairman of the board from 1960 to 1965. He researched the chemistry of hydrocarbons and polymers, and developed the proton theory of aluminium chloride, which helped explain a variety of chemical reactions, publishing  a book on the subject in 1941.
<Abe_Burrows>	Abe Burrows (born Abram Solman Borowitz; December 18, 1910 – May 17, 1985) was an American humorist, author, and director for radio and the stage. He won a Tony Award and was selected for two Pulitzer Prizes,[citation needed] only one of which was awarded.Born Abram Solman Borowitz in New York City, Burrows graduated from New Utrecht High School in Brooklyn and later attended both City College and New York University. He began working as a runner on Wall Street while at NYU, and he also worked in an accounting firm. After he met Frank Galen in 1938, the two wrote and sold jokes to an impressionist who appeared on Rudy Vallée's radio program.His radio career gained strength when he collaborated with Ed Gardner, the writer and star of radio's legendary Duffy's Tavern. The two created the successful series after Gardner's character, Archie, premiered on This Is New York, an earlier radio program. Burrows was made the show's head writer in 1941, and he credited his experience with inventing the Runyonesque street characters he fashioned for Guys and Dolls. "The people on that show," Burrows once said about Duffy's Tavern, "were New York mugs, nice mugs, sweet mugs, and like (Damon) Runyon's mugs they all talked like ladies and gentlemen. That's how we treated the characters in Guys and Dolls."
<330_Hudson>	330 Hudson is a building located at 330 Hudson Street, in the Hudson Square neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. Plans for developing the building began in 2011 when landlord Trinity Real Estate signed a 99-year lease agreement with Beacon Capital Partners. The agreement sought to transform the building into a 350,000-square-foot finished office space, retail space at the base, attracting a variety of commercial tenants. The plans included restoration of the façade of the existing eight-story building and creation of a new eight-story addition.Constructed in 1910, 330 Hudson originally was an eight-story warehouse building and was designed by Charles Haight. One of the original tenants was the Waterman Pen Company, Masback Hardware Company occupied the building from 1935 until 1979, when the Company moved to North Bergen, New Jersey. Masback went out of business in 1996 and the transformation of the Hudson Square neighborhood from a manufacturing to a mixed use neighborhood led to the adaptive re-use of 330 Hudson.
<Maserati_Biturbo>	The Maserati Biturbo is a family of executive grand tourers produced by Italian automobile manufacturer Maserati between 1981 and 1994. The original Biturbo was a two-door, four-seater notchback coupé (of somewhat smaller dimensions than the BMW 3 Series of the time) featuring, as the name implies, a two-litre V6 engine with two turbochargers and a luxurious interior.The car was designed by Pierangelo Andreani, Chief of Centro Stile Maserati up to 1981, somewhat influenced by the design of the then recent Quattroporte III (penned by Italdesign Giugiaro).All Maserati models introduced from the Biturbo's inception in 1981 until 1997 were based on the original Biturbo architecture, including the later grand tourers like the Shamal and Ghibli II. The Barchetta, while of a different layout entirely, used an ultimate version of the Biturbo V6 engine.
<Joseph_Henry_Condon>	Joseph Henry 'Joe' Condon (born February 15, 1935 – January 2, 2012) was an American computer scientist, engineer and physicist, who spent most of his career at Bell Labs. The son of Edward Condon (a distinguished American nuclear physicist, pioneer in quantum mechanics and a participant in the development of radar and nuclear weapons during World War II as part of the Manhattan Project) and Emilie Honzik Condon, he was named after the 19th-century American physicist Joseph Henry.Condon developed an interest in physics and electronics at an early age and credited his introduction to analytical thinking to an anonymous instrument maker. He attended Johns Hopkins University and received his BS degree in physics in 1958, and Northwestern University where he received a Ph.D. in physics in 1963.
<Laurence_Fishburne>	Laurence John Fishburne III (born July 30, 1961) is an American actor. He is a three time Emmy Award and Tony Award winning actor known for his roles on stage and screen. He has been hailed for his forceful, militant, and authoritative characters in his films. He is known for playing Morpheus in The Matrix series (1999–2003), Jason "Furious" Styles in the John Singleton drama film Boyz n the Hood (1991), Tyrone "Mr. Clean" Miller in Francis Ford Coppola's war film Apocalypse Now (1979), and "The Bowery King" in the John Wick film series (2017–present).
<Liberal_Party_(1922)>	The Liberal Party, also known as the Liberal Union or the Liberal Union Party, was a short-lived political party in Australia (mainly Victoria and South Australia) that operated mainly in 1922. The party was formed by disaffected Nationalists, principally Thomas Ashworth and Charles Merrett, who opposed the leadership of Prime Minister Billy Hughes. Two federal Nationalist MPs, Victorian William Watt and South Australian Richard Foster, joined the Liberal Party and three more MPs (John Latham from Victoria, and Malcolm Cameron and Jack Duncan-Hughes from South Australia) were elected in the 1922 federal election. South Australian Nationalist Senators James Rowell and Edward Vardon also contested the election, unsuccessfully, as Liberals. Their opposition to Hughes, coupled with the hostility of the Country Party to supporting a Hughes-led government, was a factor in Hughes' decision to resign the prime ministership in favour of Stanley Bruce. After Hughes' removal, all five Liberals rejoined the Nationalist Party, although they remained officially Liberals until 1925.This article about an Australian political party is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Undeniable_(miniseries)>	Undeniable is a two-part British television thriller serial, first broadcast on ITV in 2014. Written by Chris Lang, directed by John Strickland and starring Claire Goose, Peter Firth and Christine Bottomley, Undeniable follows the story of Andrew Rawlins, a murderer who is brought to justice by the efforts of a woman, Jane Phillips, who witnessed him killing her mother when she was seven years old. The two-part thriller was announced on 1 November 2013, with location filming confirmed to take place later that month in Dublin and County Wicklow, Ireland. The thriller was released on DVD on 2 March 2015.Ellen Jones, writing for The Independent, said of the series
<Edward_Belbruno>	Jet Propulsion Laboratory 1985 - 1990,Pomona College 1990 - 1991,University of Minnesota 1992 - 1997,Princeton UniversityEdward Belbruno (born August 2, 1951, as a U.S. Citizen in Heidelberg, Germany) is an artist, mathematician and scientist whose interests are in celestial mechanics, dynamical systems, dynamical astronomy, and aerospace engineering. His artistic media is paintings, and his artwork in the NASA collection, Charles Betlach II collection, and exhibited in Paris, Rome, Los Angeles, Washington DC, New York City, Minneapolis, Shanghai, WeiHai, and Princeton.Belbruno received his associate degree from Mitchell College, his Bachelor of Science degree in mathematics from New York University and his PhD in mathematics from New York University's Courant Institute in 1981, where his mentor was mathematician Jürgen Moser.
<Plovdiv>	Plovdiv (Bulgarian: Пловдив, pronounced [ˈpɫɔvdif]), is the second-largest city in Bulgaria, standing on the banks of the Maritsa river in the historical region of Thrace. It has a population of 346,893 as of 2018[update] and 675,000 in the greater metropolitan area. Plovdiv is the cultural capital of Bulgaria and was the European Capital of Culture in 2019. It is an important economic, transport, cultural, and educational center. Plovdiv joined the UNESCO Global Network of Learning Cities in 2016.Plovdiv is situated in a fertile region of south-central Bulgaria on the two banks of the Maritsa River. The city has historically developed on seven syenite hills, some of which are 250 metres (820 feet) high. Because of these hills, Plovdiv is often referred to in Bulgaria as "The City of the Seven Hills". There is evidence of habitation in the area dating back to the 6th millennium BCE, when the first Neolithic settlements were established. The city was subsequently a local Thracian settlement, later being conquered and ruled also by Persians, Ancient Macedonians, Celts, Romans, Byzantines, Goths, Huns, Bulgarians (Thracians, Bulgars, Slavic tribes, etc.), Crusaders, and Ottoman Turks.
<Michael_G._Moye>	Michael George Moye (born August 11, 1954) is an American photographer and a former television writer and producer. In his television career he has written for shows such as The Jeffersons, Diff'rent Strokes, Good Times, and 227, and produced It's Your Move and The Jeffersons. His best-known work is likely the 1987 series Married... with Children, created with Ron Leavitt for the then-fledgling Fox network.Moye began his career in 1977 with a staff writing position on Good Times. Between 1979 and 1984, he wrote for The Jeffersons, and in 1982 he co-developed Silver Spoons, which ran for five seasons. He also co-developed both It's Your Move and 227 (with Bill Boulware), the latter under alias C.J. Banks.Married... with Children, created by Moye and Leavitt in 1987 for the Fox network, was called an "anti-family" series  or "the anti-Cosby", Moye and Leavitt being fed up with the idealized family of the sitcoms of the 1980s. They created the couple Al-Peggy by imagining a fictional union between Roseanne Barr and Sam Kinison.
<Anna_Camp>	Anna Ragsdale Camp (born September 27, 1982) is an American actress and singer. She is best known for her roles as the villainous Sarah Newlin in the HBO vampire drama True Blood (2009, 2013–2014) and Aubrey Posen in the musical comedy Pitch Perfect film series (2012–2017).Camp had recurring roles in the television series Mad Men (2010), The Good Wife (2011–2016), The Mindy Project (2012–2013), and Vegas (2013). She also played Jane Hollander, a researcher for the fictitious News of the Week magazine, in the Amazon Prime series Good Girls Revolt (2016), and had minor roles in the drama The Help (2011) and the Woody Allen film Café Society (2016).Camp made her Broadway debut in the 2008 production of The Country Girl and played Jill Mason in the 2008 Broadway revival of Peter Shaffer's Equus. In 2012, she was nominated for a Drama Desk Award for her performance in the Off-Broadway play All New People.
<Fernando_de_Fuentes>	Fernando de Fuentes Carrau (December 12, 1894 – July 4, 1958) was a Mexican film director, considered a pioneer in the film industry worldwide. He is perhaps best known for directing the films El prisionero trece, El compadre Mendoza, and Vámonos con Pancho Villa, all part of his Revolution Trilogy on the Mexican Revolution.Born in Veracruz; Mexico on December 13, 1894, son of Fernando de Fuentes and Emelina Carrau de Fuentes. He studied Philosophy at Tulane University in New Orleans.On his return to Mexico he worked as executive assistant of Venustiano Carranza during the Mexican Revolution. After his marriage in 1919, he moved to Washington D.C., and worked at the Mexican Embassy. Back in Mexico, he wrote poetry and undertook journalism as a hobby, and worked in the Film Industry  in exhibition. In 1932 he made his first film, “El Anónimo”, and in the same year “Una Vida por Otra”, in 1933 “El prisionero trece”, “La calandria”, “El Tigre de Yautepec” and “El compadre Mendoza”, considered one of his masterpieces, in the Mexican Revolution Trilogy, (“El Compadre Mendoza”, “Vámonos con Pancho Villa” and “El prisionero trece”).
<John_Loder_(actor)>	John Loder (born William John Muir Lowe; 3 January 1898 – 26 December 1988) was established as a British film actor in Germany and Britain before migrating to the United States in 1928 for work in the new talkies. He worked in Hollywood for two periods, becoming an American citizen in 1947. After living also in Argentina, he became a naturalized British citizen in 1959.Loder was born in 1898 in Knightsbridge, London. His father was W. H. M. Lowe, a British career army officer who achieved the rank of general. Patrick Pearse, the leader of the 1916 Easter Rising in Dublin, Ireland, surrendered to him. Both were present at the surrender. His mother was Frances Broster Johnson (née de Salvo; 1857–1942), daughter of Francesco de Salvo of Palermo, Sicily and his English wife Emma Broster. Frances was widowed when she married Lowe; she had been married to the late Captain Robert Harry Johnson of the 64th Foot Regiment. Loder had a younger sister, Elizabeth (born in 1900), who would later become a nun. He had also three older half-siblings from his mother's first marriage: Harry Cecil Johnson (1877–1915), Dorothy Johnson (1880–1971) and Gladys Frances McGrath (née Johnson; formerly Kingsmill; 1881-?).
<Raúl_Martins>	Raúl André Freitas Martins (born 3 February 1987) is a Portuguese football player of Angolan descent who plays for UD Oliveirense.He made his professional debut in the Segunda Liga for Naval on 23 September 2012 in a game against Tondela.
<Thomas_&_Friends>	Thomas & Friends (originally known as Thomas the Tank Engine & Friends and later Thomas & Friends: Big World! Big Adventures!) is a British children's television series that aired across 24 series from 1984 to 2021. Based on The Railway Series books by Rev. W. Awdry and his son Christopher, the series was developed for television by Britt Allcroft. The series follows the adventures of Thomas, an anthropomorphised blue steam locomotive on the fictional North Western Railway on the Island of Sodor, and several other anthropomorphised locomotives on the North Western Railway, including Edward, Henry, Gordon, James, Percy, and Toby. They work for the Fat Controller, who always wants his engines to be "really useful".In the United States, it was first broadcast along with the spin-off series Shining Time Station on PBS' PTV Park block in 1989.
<Ghana_national_under-20_football_team>	Ghana national U-20 football team known as the Black Satellites, is considered to be the feeder team for the Ghana national football team. They are the former FIFA U-20 World Cup Champions and African Youth Champions. They have also been a four-time African Champion in 1995, 1999, 2009, 2021 and a two-time Runner-up at the FIFA World Youth Championship in 1993, 2001 and finished third in 2013. Ghana has participated in only six of the past 19 World Cup events starting with their first in Australia 1993 where they lost the World Cup final 1-2 to Brazil in Sydney and in Argentina 2001 where they lost the World Cup final 0-3 to Argentina in Buenos Aires. Incredibly, in 32 FIFA World Cup matches, Ghana has not lost a game in regulation below the Semi Final level of the FIFA U20 World Cup.They however failed to qualify for 3 consecutive events in UAE 2003, Netherlands 2005 and Canada 2007 until they made the Egypt 2009 Tournament.They won the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup in the Cairo International Stadium, Cairo, Egypt after defeating Brazil 4-3 on Penalties when the match ended (0-0) after extra time. This was the first time an African country won the FIFA U-20 World Cup Championship.
<Chandrashekhar_Khare>	Chandrashekhar B. Khare (born 1968) is a professor of mathematics at the University of California Los Angeles. In 2005, he made a major advance in the field of Galois representations and number theory by proving the level 1 Serre conjecture, and later a proof of the full conjecture with Jean-Pierre Wintenberger. He has been on the Mathematical Sciences jury for the Infosys Prize from 2015, serving as Jury Chair from 2020.Resident of Mumbai, India and completed his undergraduate education at Trinity College, Cambridge. He finished his thesis in 1995 under the supervision of Haruzo Hida at California Institute of Technology. His Ph.D. thesis was published in the  Duke Mathematical Journal. He proved Serre's conjecture with Jean-Pierre Wintenberger, published in Inventiones Mathematicae.
<Kafka_on_the_Shore>	Kafka on the Shore (海辺のカフカ, Umibe no Kafuka) is a 2002 novel by Japanese author Haruki Murakami. Its 2005 English translation was among "The 10 Best Books of 2005" from The New York Times and received the World Fantasy Award for 2006. The book tells the stories of the young Kafka Tamura, a bookish 15-year-old boy who runs away from his Oedipal curse, and Satoru Nakata, an old, disabled man with the uncanny ability to talk to cats. The book incorporates themes of music as a communicative conduit, metaphysics, dreams, fate, the subconscious.After the release of the book, Murakami allowed for questions about the novel to be sent in, and responded to many of them. The novel was generally well-received, with positive reviews from John Updike and the New York Times.The title of the book, according to Alan Cheuse of NPR, is suggestive and mysterious to Japanese readers - Franz Kafka is categorized as a Western writer who is well-known by Americans but is not so in Japan. He compares it to titles such as Genji on the Hudson. Psychoanalyst Hayao Kawai saw special meaning in the name "Kafka", as its Japanese version, Kafuka (Japanese: カフカ), could be a combination of 可 (ka, meaning possible or good) and 不可 (fuka, meaning the opposite), thus giving the book liminality.
<Israel_national_under-18_football_team>	The Israel national under-18 football team represents Israel in international football at youth level and is controlled by Israel Football Association, the governing body for football in Israel.The current coach is Eli Ohana.
<Fred_MacMurray>	Frederick Martin MacMurray (August 30, 1908 – November 5, 1991) was an American actor. He appeared in more than one hundred films and a successful television series, in a career that spanned nearly a half-century. His career as a major film leading man began in 1935, but his most renowned role was in Billy Wilder's film noir Double Indemnity. During 1959–1973, MacMurray appeared in numerous Disney films, including The Shaggy Dog, The Absent-Minded Professor, Follow Me, Boys!, and The Happiest Millionaire. He played Steve Douglas in the television series My Three Sons.Frederick Martin MacMurray was born on August 30, 1908, in Kankakee, Illinois, the son of Maleta (née Martin) and concert violinist Frederick Talmadge MacMurray, both natives of Wisconsin.  His aunt, Fay Holderness, was a vaudeville performer and actress. When MacMurray was an infant, his family moved to Madison, Wisconsin, where his father taught music. They relocated within the state to Beaver Dam, his mother's birthplace. MacMurray attended school in Quincy, Illinois, before earning a full scholarship to Carroll College in Waukesha, Wisconsin. He played the saxophone in numerous local bands. He did not graduate from college.
<West_Ham_United_F.C.>	West Ham United Football Club is an English professional football club that plays its home matches in Stratford, East London. The club competes in the Premier League, the top tier of English football. The club plays at the London Stadium, having moved from their former home, the Boleyn Ground, in 2016.The club was founded in 1895 as Thames Ironworks and reformed in 1900 as West Ham United. They moved to the Boleyn Ground in 1904, which remained their home ground for more than a century. The team initially competed in the Southern League and Western League before joining the Football League in 1919. They were promoted to the top flight in 1923, when they were also losing finalists in the first FA Cup Final held at Wembley. In 1940, the club won the inaugural Football League War Cup.
<Joselu>	José Luis Mato Sanmartín (Spanish pronunciation: [xoseˈlwiz ˈmato sanmaɾˈtin]; born 27 March 1990), known as Joselu ([xoˈselu]), is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for La Liga club Espanyol.Joselu began his career with Celta de Vigo before being purchased by Real Madrid in the summer of 2009. He was a prolific goalscorer for their B-team, scoring 40 goals in 72 appearances but he was unable to break into the first team and was sold to Bundesliga side 1899 Hoffenheim in August 2012, being loaned out to Eintracht Frankfurt in 2013–14. Joselu joined Hannover 96 in June 2014, then Premier League side Stoke City a year later for a fee of £5.75 million. In 2017, he moved to Newcastle United for £5 million, where he spent two seasons, before moving to Alavés for an undisclosed fee.
<Norman_Corwin>	Norman Lewis Corwin (May 3, 1910 – October 18, 2011) was an American writer, screenwriter, producer, essayist and teacher of journalism and writing. His earliest and biggest successes were in the writing and directing of radio drama during the 1930s and 1940s.Corwin was among the first producers to regularly use entertainment – even light entertainment – to tackle serious social issues. In this area, he was a peer of Orson Welles and William N. Robson, and an inspiration to other later radio/TV writers such as Rod Serling, Gene Roddenberry, Norman Lear, J. Michael Straczynski and Yuri Rasovsky.  His work was very influential on successful creative and performing artists, including Ray Bradbury, Charles Kuralt, The Firesign Theatre, Robert Altman, and Robin Williams among many others.He was born to Samuel and Rose Corwin in Boston, Massachusetts. A major figure during the Golden Age of Radio, his work was very influential both at the time and later. He has been called "The Grand Master Of American Audio Theatre." During the 1930s and 1940s he was a writer and producer of many radio programs in many genres: history, biography, fantasy, fiction, poetry and drama. He was the writer and creator of series such as The Columbia Workshop, 13 By Corwin, 26 By Corwin and others. After leaving the CBS Network, he was Head of Special Media Programming for the United Nations in the early 1950s, producing radio programs explaining the U.N.'s organization and goals, and documenting some of its efforts worldwide. He was a lecturer in Journalism at the University of Southern California until he was 97.
<Eiffage>	Eiffage S.A. is a French civil engineering construction company.  As of 2010[update] it was the third largest company of its type in France, and the fifth largest in Europe.The company was formed in 1992 through the merger of several long standing companies, namely: Fougerolle (founded 1844), Quillery (founded 1863), Beugnet (founded 1871), and La Société Auxiliaire d'Entreprises Électriques et de Travaux Public, better known as SAE (founded in 1924).Eiffage is also involved in HS2 lots C2 and C3, working as part of a joint venture, due to complete in 2031.
<Stu_Hart>	Stewart Edward Hart OC (May 3, 1915 – October 16, 2003) was a Canadian amateur and professional wrestler, wrestling booker, promoter, coach, trainer, football player and sailor. He is best known for founding and handling Stampede Wrestling, a professional wrestling promotion based in Calgary, Alberta, teaching many individuals at its associated wrestling school "The Dungeon" and establishing a professional wrestling dynasty consisting of his relatives and close trainees. As the patriarch of the Hart wrestling family, Hart is the ancestor of many wrestlers, most notably being the father of Bret and Owen Hart as well as the grandfather of Natalya Neidhart, Teddy Hart and David Hart Smith.Hart was born to a poor Saskatchewan family but became a successful amateur wrestler during the 1930s and early 1940s, holding many national championships, as well as engaging in many other sports. He began wrestling for show in 1943 with the Royal Canadian Navy while serving in World War II as he could not go to the 1940 Summer Olympics due to the war. After leaving the service he travelled to America and debuted professionally for the New York wrestling territory in 1946. Hart was considered very handsome and a good in-ring performer, focusing on a submission-like and technical style of wrestling, but despite this and being popular in general he was not given a major spotlight by the writers, and soon after marrying Helen Smith, whom he met in New York City, he created his own promotion in Edmonton, Alberta, which would be known as Stampede Wrestling and took over the surrounding wrestling territory which covered most of western Canada and the US state of Montana. The territory would go on to become known as the Stampede territory thenceforth. In 1949, Stu and Helen moved to Great Falls, Montana. Hart's promotion featured a large variety of outside stars from the wrestling industry as well as homegrown talent for whom he booked storylines. Beginning from the 1950s Hart helped train a large number of people for his company and gained a reputation as one of the best teachers in the wrestling business. In October 1951, Stu and Helen moved to Calgary, Alberta, into what would become the famous Hart House.
<De_Morgan_Medal>	The De Morgan Medal is a prize for outstanding contribution to mathematics, awarded by the London Mathematical Society. The Society's most prestigious award, it is given in memory of Augustus De Morgan, who was the first President of the society.The medal is awarded every third year (in years divisible by 3) to a mathematician who is normally resident in the United Kingdom on 1 January of the relevant year. The only grounds for the award of the medal are the candidate's contributions to mathematics.In 1968 Mary Cartwright became the first woman to receive the award.
<Nathan_Sanford>	Nathan Sanford (November 5, 1777 – October 17, 1838) was an American politician.Sanford was born on November 5, 1777, in Bridgehampton, New York.  He was the son of Thomas Sanford and Phebe (née Baker) Sanford, a family of farmers and tradesmen.He attended Yale University, studied law, was admitted to the bar, and commenced practice in New York City.
<Racing_de_Ferrol>	Racing Club de Ferrol is a Spanish football team based in Ferrol, Province of A Coruña, in the autonomous community of Galicia.Founded in 1919, the club currently plays in Primera División RFEF – Group 1, holding home games at Estadio da Malata. Club colours are green shirts with white shorts, though during the early years of its existence green and white shirts with vertical stripes were used.
<Australia_national_under-20_soccer_team>	Australia national under-20 soccer team may refer to:
<University_of_Bucharest>	The University of Bucharest (Romanian: Universitatea din București), commonly known after its abbreviation UB in Romania, is a public university founded in its current form on 4 July 1864 (158 years ago) (1864-07-04) by a decree of Prince Alexandru Ioan Cuza to convert the former Princely Academy into the current University of Bucharest, making one of the oldest modern Romanian universities. It is one of the five members of the Universitaria Consortium (the group of elite Romanian universities).The University of Bucharest offers study programmes in Romanian and English and is classified as an advanced research and education university by the Ministry of Education. In the 2012 QS World University Rankings, it was included in the top 700 universities of the world, together with three other Romanian universities.The University of Bucharest was founded by the Decree no. 765 of 4 July 1864 by Alexandru Ioan Cuza and is a leading academic centre and a significant point of reference in society.
<Isabeli_Fontana>	Isabeli Bergossi Fontana (born 4 July 1983) is a Brazilian model known for her work with brands like Victoria's Secret.Fontana was born in Curitiba, Paraná, Brazil, to Maribel Bergossi and Antonio Carlos Fontana. She is of Italian descent, and states that a grandmother had some Portuguese roots. At just 13 years of age she made it to the finals of the 1996 Elite Model Look. The following year she moved from Brazil to Milan, Italy.
<Columbus,_Ohio>	Columbus (/kəˈlʌmbəs/) is the state capital and the most populous city in the U.S. state of Ohio. With a 2020 census population of 905,748, it is the 14th-most populous city in the U.S., the second-most populous city in the Midwest, after Chicago, and the third-most populous state capital. Columbus is the county seat of Franklin County; it also extends into Delaware and Fairfield counties. It is the core city of the Columbus metropolitan area, which encompasses 10 counties in central Ohio. The metropolitan area had a population of 2,138,926 in 2020, making it the largest entirely in Ohio and 32nd-largest in the U.S.Columbus originated as numerous Native American settlements on the banks of the Scioto River. Franklinton, now a city neighborhood, was the first European settlement, laid out in 1797. The city was founded in 1812 at the confluence of the Scioto and Olentangy rivers, and laid out to become the state capital. The city was named for Italian explorer Christopher Columbus. The city assumed the function of state capital in 1816 and county seat in 1824. Amid steady years of growth and industrialization, the city has experienced numerous floods and recessions. Beginning in the 1950s, Columbus began to experience significant growth; it became the largest city in Ohio in land and population by the early 1990s. The 1990s and 2000s saw redevelopment in numerous city neighborhoods, including downtown.
<Catherine_Fulop>	Catherine Amanda Fulop García (born March 11, 1965) is a Venezuelan actress, model, beauty pageant contestant, television presenter and radio host. She participated in the Miss Venezuela 1986, finishing as the fourth runner–up and in Miss Latin America, finishing as the third runner–up. Fulop has since launched a successful acting career throughout Latin America, most notably on television.Catherine Amanda Fulop García was born on March 11, 1965, in Caracas, Venezuela. She is the fifth daughter of a large family, of a Venezuelan mother and Hungarian father, who emigrated to Venezuela after World War II. She has six sisters and one brother.
<Cathy_O'Donnell>	Cathy O'Donnell (born Ann Steely, July 6, 1923 – April 11, 1970) was an American actor who appeared in The Best Years of Our Lives, Ben-Hur, and films noir such as Detective Story and They Live by Night.O'Donnell was born Ann Steely in Siluria, Alabama. Her father, Grady Steely, was a schoolteacher and owned a local movie theater. Her family moved to Greensboro, Alabama when she was seven, then to Oklahoma City when she was twelve. There she attended Harding Junior High School and Classen High School. She told a Boston Globe reporter in 1946 that she first became interested in acting at age fourteen after seeing Janet Gaynor in A Star Is Born. After high school she worked in a U.S. Army induction center as a stenographer. She left that job to study acting at Oklahoma City University, where she played Juliet in a college production of Romeo and Juliet. She then saved money for a two-week trip to Hollywood, where she hoped to begin a movie career.  
<Infosys_Prize>	The Infosys Prize is an annual award given to scientists, researchers, engineers and social scientists of Indian origin (not necessarily born in India) by the Infosys Science Foundation and ranks among the highest monetary awards in India to recognize research. The prize for each category includes a gold medallion, a citation certificate, and prize money of US$100,000 (or its equivalent in Indian Rupees). The prize purse is tax free in the hands of winners in India. The winners are selected by the jury of their respective categories, headed by the jury chairs.In 2008, the prize was jointly awarded by the Infosys Science Foundation and National Institute of Advanced Studies for mathematics. The following year, three additional categories were added: Life Sciences, Mathematical Sciences, Physical Sciences and Social Sciences. In 2010, Engineering and Computer Science was added as a category. In 2012, a sixth category, Humanities, was added.
<Larry_Teng>	Larry Teng (born June 12, 1977) is an American television director and producer.In 1999, Teng graduated with a degree in film from Ithaca College.Teng has directed and produced for the television series Medium from 2007 to the series end in 2011. He also served as music and post-production supervisor on Ed. His other television directing credits include Hawaii Five-0, Warehouse 13, Person of Interest, Criminal Minds, Supergirl, Common Law, NCIS: Los Angeles, and Elementary. More recently, he signed an overall deal with CBS Studios. He is set to direct the CW pilot of Walker: Independence for CBS Studios.
<Josephine_Jacobsen>	Josephine Jacobsen (19 August 1908 – 9 July 2003) was a Canadian-born American poet, short story writer, essayist, and critic. She was appointed the twenty-first Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress in 1971. In 1997, she received the Poetry Society of America’s highest award, the Robert Frost Medal for Lifetime Achievement in Poetry.Jacobsen was born Josephine Boylan on August 19, 1908 in Cobourg, Ontario, Canada. Her American parents were vacationing in Canada and anticipated her arrival several months later. The baby Jacobsen weighed only two-and-a-half pounds and was not expected to survive. However, her mother, Octavia Winder Boylan, was determined that she would survive. Jacobsen was taken to New York at age three months.Jacobsen's father, a doctor and amateur Egyptologist, died when she was five. Her brother suffered a nervous breakdown; her mother suffered bouts of manic depression. Jacobsen found solace in reading the poetry of Robert W. Service and Rudyard Kipling and they inspired her to begin writing poetry.
<Michel_Déon>	Michel Déon (French: [deɔ̃]; 4 August 1919 – 28 December 2016) was a French novelist and literary columnist. He published over 50 works and was the recipient of numerous awards, including the Prix Interallié for his 1970 novel, Les Poneys sauvages (The Wild Ponies). Déon's 1973 novel Un taxi mauve received the Grand Prix du roman de l'Académie française. His novels have been translated into numerous languages.He is considered to have been one of the most innovative French writers of the 20th century. In 1978, Déon was elected to the Académie française.
<Pequannock_Township,_New_Jersey>	Pequannock Township is a township in Morris County, New Jersey, United States.  As of the 2010 United States Census, the township's population was 15,420, reflecting an increase of 1,652 (+11.9%) from the 13,888 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 1,044 (+8.1%) from the 12,844 counted in the 1990 Census. The primary community in the township is the census-designated place of Pompton Plains.The name "Pequannock", as used in the name of the township and of the Pequannock River, is thought to have been derived from the Lenni Lenape Native American word Paquettahhnuake, meaning "cleared land ready or being readied for cultivation". The name "Pompton" has been cited by some sources to mean "a place where they catch soft fish".
<Cobie_Smulders>	Jacoba Francisca Maria "Cobie" Smulders (born April 3, 1982) is a Canadian actress. She is known for her starring role as Robin Scherbatsky in the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother (2005–2014) and as S.H.I.E.L.D. agent Maria Hill in the Marvel Cinematic Universe superhero films The Avengers (2012), Captain America: The Winter Soldier (2014), Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015), Avengers: Infinity War (2018), Avengers: Endgame (2019), and Spider-Man: Far From Home (2019), as well as the ABC action drama series Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D (2013–2015), the Disney+ animated anthology series What If...? (2021), and the upcoming Disney+ limited series Secret Invasion (2023). Smulders' other films include Safe Haven (2013), They Came Together (2014), Results (2015), and Jack Reacher: Never Go Back (2016). She also starred in the Netflix comedy drama series A Series of Unfortunate Events (2017), the Netflix comedy series Friends from College (2017–2019), the ABC crime drama series Stumptown (2019–2020), and the FX true crime series Impeachment: American Crime Story (2021).
<L'Oréal-UNESCO_Awards_for_Women_in_Science>	The L'Oréal-UNESCO For Women in Science Awards, created in 1998, aim to improve the position of women in science by recognizing outstanding women researchers who have contributed to scientific progress. The awards are a result of a partnership between the French cosmetics company L'Oréal and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and carry a grant of $100,000 USD for each laureate. This award is also known as the L'Oréal-Helena Rubinstein Women in Science Awards.Each year an international jury awards five laureates, selecting one from each of the following regions:
<Zoltan_Korda>	Zoltan Korda (June 3, 1895 – October 13, 1961) was a Hungarian-born motion picture screenwriter, director and producer. He made his first film in Hungary in 1918, and worked with his brother Alexander Korda on film-making there and in London. They both moved to the United States in 1940 to Hollywood and the American film industry.Born Zoltán Kellner (Kellner Zoltán, in Hungarian name order), of Jewish heritage, in Pusztatúrpásztó, Túrkeve, Hungary (then Austria-Hungary), he was the middle brother of Alexander and Vincent Korda, all of whom became filmmakers. Before leaving Hungary to work full-time in London with his brother Alexander, he (Zoltán) served in the Hungarian Army as a cavalry officer.As a young man, Korda went to work with his brother Alexander in their native Hungary and in the United Kingdom for his London Films production company. He functioned as a camera operator; for a time he worked in film editing and as a screenwriter. In 1918 and 1920 in Hungary, he directed two silent film shorts and a feature-length silent film in Germany in 1927.
<NHL_09>	NHL 09 is the 17th video game in the NHL series released by EA Sports in 2008. This was the final NHL game to be released on the PlayStation 2 and Microsoft Windows.Players have the ability to create a player to use in online play featuring 6 versus 6 online teamplay mode. Users can join online teams with friends or find players to create one. Users have the ability to level up players, participate in tournaments (with brackets), and receive awards at the end of the season. Rosters have been updated, as well as slap shot power and accuracy to complement NHL updatesThe Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions received "generally favorable reviews", while the PC version received "mixed" reviews, according to the review aggregation website Metacritic.
<Joseph_Zachary>	Joseph "Joe" Lawrence Zachary is an American computer scientist and professor at the University of Utah. He is known for his work in computer science education as a charter member of the United States Department of Energy Undergraduate Computational Engineering and Science (UCES) Project, an education initiative to improve the undergraduate science and engineering curriculum through computation. He was influential in promoting a new approach to teaching scientific programming to beginning science and engineering students.Joseph Zachary received his PhD in 1987, his SM in 1983, and his SB in 1979, all in computer science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He started teaching at the University of Utah School of Computing in 1987. In 1999 he received the IEEE Computer Science and Engineering Undergraduate Teaching Award for "outstanding and sustained contributions to undergraduate computational science education, including writing innovative textbooks, developing innovative online educational materials, and teaching an exemplary introductory scientific programming course". As part of his work as a charter member of the United States Department of Energy Undergraduate Computational Engineering and Science (UCES) Project, he wrote two introductory scientific programming textbooks, the first in 1996 and the second in 1998, and developed an extensive suite of interactive courseware to accompany them. UCES later developed into the Computational Science Graduate Fellowship administered by the Krell Institute. One of his assignments has appeared in the Nifty Assignments session at the SIGCSE annual meeting.Zachary, Joseph L. (1996). Introduction to Scientific Programming: Computational Problem Solving Using Maple and C. Springer-Verlag. ISBN 0-387-94630-6.
<Florence_Marly>	Florence Marly (2 June 1919 – 9 November 1978) was a Czech-born French film actress. During World War II, Marly moved to neutral Argentina with her Jewish husband, film director Pierre Chenal, where she appeared in several films. She also acted in two of her husband's films while they were in Chile.Marly was born Hana Smékalová in Obrnice, Czechoslovakia. She studied French and her dream was to become an opera singer. At age 18 she went to Paris to study art, literature, and philosophy at Sorbonne. She met her future husband Pierre Chenal who cast her in his film The Alibi. She played a major role in René Clément's Les Maudits, a fictionalized account showing the fate of Nazi refugees. After moving to Hollywood, she acted in Paramount's film Sealed Verdict opposite Ray Milland. Next year, she starred in Stuart Heisler's Tokyo Joe (1949) alongside Humphrey Bogart. In it she played Bogart's wife, who divorces him after he moves to the United States from Japan before Peal Harbor brought the United States into World War II. The film met with mixed responses from critics. Clive Hirschhorn wrote in his book, The Columbia Story, that it was "a little more than a Bogart parody". Marly's acting in the espionage film Tokyo File 212 brought her appreciations. Robert J. Lentz wrote in Korean War Filmography that she had given the best performance in the film. It was Hollywood's first feature film to be shot entirely in Japan.In 1962 she appeared in a small role as a gangster's girlfriend in the Twilight Zone episode Dead Man's Shoes. She had the eponymous role of a blood-thirsty vampire queen in Curtis Harrington-directed science fiction horror film Queen of Blood (1966), based on a novel by Charles Nuetzel. It met with positive reviews. Paul Meehan wrote in Saucer Movies that she gave a "convincing" performance. Marly made a 16 mm sequel to Queen of Blood titled Space Boy! (1973).
<Benjamin_Butler>	Benjamin Franklin Butler (November 5, 1818 – January 11, 1893) was an American major general of the Union Army, politician, lawyer, and businessman from Massachusetts. Born in New Hampshire and raised in Lowell, Massachusetts, Butler is best known as a political major general of the Union Army during the American Civil War and for his leadership role in the impeachment of U.S. President Andrew Johnson. He was a colorful and often controversial figure on the national stage and on the Massachusetts political scene, serving five terms in the U.S. House of Representatives and running several campaigns for governor before his election to that office in 1882.Butler, a successful trial lawyer, served in the Massachusetts legislature as an antiwar Democrat and as an officer in the state militia. Early in the Civil War he joined the Union Army, where he was noted for his lack of military skill and his controversial command of New Orleans, which brought him wide dislike in the South and the "Beast" epithet.  Although freeing an enemy's slaves in wartime was nothing new, Butler created the legal idea of doing so by designating them as contraband of war, which led to ending slavery becoming an official war goal. His commands were marred by financial and logistical dealings across enemy lines, some of which may have taken place with his knowledge and to his financial benefit.
<TV_Syd>	TV Syd is one of TV 2's eight regional services. It is headquartered in Kolding although it was previously based in Haderslev.TV Syd was launched in 1983 as an experimental regional channel operated by Danmarks Radio (DR). Upon the launch of TV 2 in 1988 it was immediately co-opted into the TV 2 network as its first regional service.
<Royal_Dutch_Shell>	Shell plc is a British multinational oil and gas company headquartered in London, England. Shell is a public limited company with a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange (LSE) and secondary listings on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. It is one of the oil and gas "supermajors" and by revenue and profits is consistently one of the largest companies in the world. Measured by both its own emissions, and the emissions of all the fossil fuels it sells, Shell was the ninth-largest corporate producer of greenhouse gas emissions in the period 1988–2015.Shell was formed in 1907 through the merger of Royal Dutch Petroleum Company of the Netherlands and The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company of the United Kingdom. The combined company rapidly became the leading competitor of the American Standard Oil and by 1920 Shell was the largest producer of oil in the world. Shell first entered the chemicals industry in 1929. Shell was one of the "Seven Sisters" which dominated the global petroleum industry from the mid-1940s to the mid-1970s. In 1964 Shell was a partner in the world's first commercial sea transportation of liquefied natural gas (LNG). In 1970 Shell acquired the mining company Billiton, which it subsequently sold in 1994 and now forms part of BHP. In recent decades gas has become an increasingly important part of Shell's business and Shell acquired BG Group in 2016.
<Stony_Brook_University>	Stony Brook University (SBU), officially the State University of New York at Stony Brook, is a public research university in Stony Brook, New York. Along with the University at Buffalo, it is one of the State University of New York system's two flagship institutions. Its campus consists of 213 buildings on over 1,454 acres (588 hectares) of land in Suffolk County and it is the largest public university (by area) in the state of New York.Opened 65 years ago in  1957 in Oyster Bay as the State University College on Long Island, the institution moved to Stony Brook in 1962. In 2001, Stony Brook was elected to the Association of American Universities, a selective group of major research universities in North America. It is also a member of the larger Universities Research Association. It is classified among "R1: Doctoral Universities – Very high research activity".
<Mark_Marderosian>	Mark Marderosian (born 1955) is a prolific cartoonist, animator and children's book illustrator, a comic book artist and noted toy designer.Born in Cambridge, Marderosian grew up in Newton, Massachusetts. He started drawing when he was seven years old, inspired after his parents took him to see  Pinocchio. After high school, Marderosian worked for advertising agencies and an art supply company, where he prepared paste-ups and mechanicals for catalogs. During this time, he also drew cartoons and comic strips, and freelanced for various magazines. In 1979, Marderosian enrolled at Massachusetts College of Art, where he earned a Bachelor’s Degree in illustration.Mark Marderosian created the Delta Tenn comic books for  Paul Howley's Entertainment Publishing in 1987–88. He also worked with Howley on the design of a set of Classic Toys Trading Cards around the same time.
<Geraldine_Doogue>	Geraldine Frances Doogue AO (born 29 April 1952) is an Australian journalist and radio and television presenter.After graduating from the University of Western Australia with a Bachelor of Arts degree, Doogue intended to train as a schoolteacher, but instead decided to apply for a cadetship at The West Australian newspaper. She later worked for The Australian and spent several years in the United Kingdom as London correspondent for Rupert Murdoch's Australian newspapers.  Australian Broadcasting Corporation executives were so impressed with Doogue's on-air presence during an interview with the Four Corners program, that she was offered a hosting role on Nationwide. In 1985 she and Richard Morecroft co-hosted The National, the ABC's short-lived experiment with a nationwide hour-long nightly news service, combining news and current affairs, with Max Walsh and Richard Carleton as chief reporters.
<Mike_Comrie>	Michael William Comrie (born September 11, 1980) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. During his 13-year National Hockey League (NHL) career he played with the Edmonton Oilers, Philadelphia Flyers, Phoenix Coyotes, Ottawa Senators, New York Islanders, and the Pittsburgh Penguins. He retired in early 2012 after undergoing hip surgery for the third time.Mike Comrie was born and raised in Edmonton, Alberta, and attended Jasper Place High School.[citation needed] As a youth, he played in the 1993 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournament with a minor ice hockey team from the Whitemud region of Edmonton, Alberta. He was drafted in the third round, ninety-first overall, in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft by his hometown Edmonton Oilers out of the University of Michigan. He would go onto the Canadian Western Hockey League for 37 games before being called up to play for the Edmonton OilersComrie left the Western Hockey League (WHL)'s Kootenay Ice midway through the 2000–01 season, signing an incentive-laden $10-million three-year deal with the Oilers, which, when all achievable bonuses were included, was well above the league maximum for the base salaries of 2001 draftees of $1.13 million a year. Although Comrie was a free agent as a result of playing one year of major junior hockey as an overage player after leaving college (due to a loophole established by Mike Van Ryn), entry-level salary restrictions still applied to Comrie's contract, with free-agent status allowing Comrie to sign with any team he desired. In Edmonton Comrie instantly become a fan favourite and hometown hero. He was an offensive threat during his first couple seasons with the team, tallying a total of 133 points in 192 games from 2001 to 2003.
<Billy_Rose>	Billy Rose (born William Samuel Rosenberg; September 6, 1899 – February 10, 1966) was an American impresario, theatrical showman and lyricist. For years both before and after World War II, Billy Rose was a major force in entertainment, with shows such as Billy Rose's Crazy Quilt (1931), Jumbo (1935), Billy Rose's Aquacade (1937), and Carmen Jones (1943). As a lyricist, he is credited with many songs, notably "Don't Bring Lulu" (1925), "Tonight You Belong To Me" (1926), "Me and My Shadow" (1927), "More Than You Know" (1929), "Without a Song" (1929), "It Happened in Monterrey" (1930) and "It's Only a Paper Moon" (1933).Despite his accomplishments, Rose may be best known today as the husband of famed comedian and singer Fanny Brice (1891–1951).
<Charles_Coulson>	Charles Alfred Coulson FRS FRSE (13 December 1910 – 7 January 1974) was a British applied mathematician and theoretical chemist.Coulson's major scientific work was as a pioneer of the application of the quantum theory of valency to problems of molecular structure, dynamics and reactivity. He was also a Methodist lay preacher, served on the World Council of Churches from 1962 to 1968, and was chairman of Oxfam from 1965 to 1971.
<Hiro_Mizushima>	Tomohiro Saitō (齋藤 智裕, Saitō Tomohiro, born 13 April 1984), known professionally as Hiro Mizushima (水嶋 ヒロ, Mizushima Hiro), is a Japanese actor, creative director, and writer. He appeared in a number of Japanese TV dramas, including Mei-chan no Shitsuji, Hanazakari no Kimitachi e and Zettai Kareshi. Additionally, he was well known as the protagonist Souji Tendo in the tokusatsu series Kamen Rider Kabuto. Mizushima serves as the co-producer, co-screenwriter and leading actor for the latest film Black Butler which is the live-action film adaptation of the popular manga. His birth name "Tomohiro Saito" is being credited as co-producer in the film.Under his pen name Satoshi Saitō (齋藤 智, Saitō Satoshi), he wrote his first novel, Kagerou, which was chosen as the winner of the 5th Popular Publishing Grand Prize for Fiction and was published in 2010.
<Arnold_Sommerfeld>	Arnold Johannes Wilhelm Sommerfeld, ForMemRS (German: [ˈzɔmɐˌfɛlt]; 5 December 1868 – 26 April 1951) was a German theoretical physicist who pioneered developments in atomic and quantum physics, and also educated and mentored many students for the new era of theoretical physics. He served as doctoral supervisor for many Nobel Prize winners in physics and chemistry (only J. J. Thomson's record of mentorship is comparable to his).He introduced the second quantum number (azimuthal quantum number) and the third quantum number (magnetic quantum number)[citation needed]. He also introduced the fine-structure constant and pioneered X-ray wave theory.
<Lee_Farr>	Lee Farr (born Leon Farb; April 10, 1927 – March 23, 2017) was an American actor best known for his starring role as Lt. Jimmy Conway in the television series The Detectives during the 1950s and 1960s.Farr was born Leon Farb in New York on April 10, 1927, to Rose (née  Draisin) Farb and Jacob Farb, a photographer. He was raised in Brooklyn and graduated from Boys High School in the borough's Bedford–Stuyvesant neighborhood. He enlisted in the United States Navy before enrolling at Penn State University, where he received a bachelor's degree in geophysics. While at Penn State, he took some acting courses and acted in school plays.
<University_of_California,_Los_Angeles>	The University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) is a public land-grant research university in Los Angeles, California. UCLA's academic roots were established in 1881 as a teachers college then known as the southern branch of the California State Normal School (now San José State University). This school was absorbed with the official founding of UCLA as the Southern Branch of the University of California in 1919, making it the second-oldest of the 10-campus University of California system (after UC Berkeley).UCLA offers 337 undergraduate and graduate degree programs in a wide range of disciplines, enrolling about 31,600 undergraduate and 14,300 graduate and professional students. UCLA received 174,914 undergraduate applications for Fall 2022, including transfers, making the school the most applied-to university in the United States.
<Beşiktaş_J.K.>	Beşiktaş Jimnastik Kulübü (lit. 'Beşiktaş Gymnastics Club'), also known simply as Beşiktaş (Turkish pronunciation: [beˈʃiktaʃ]), is a Turkish sports club founded in 1903 that is based in the Beşiktaş district of Istanbul. The club's football team is one of the Big Three in Turkey and one of the most successful teams in the country, having never been relegated to a lower division. It was the first registered sports club in the country and one of the few that acquired the right to bear the Turkish flag on its crest.Its football team has won 21 league titles including 16 Turkish Süper Lig, three Turkish National Division and two Turkish Football Championship titles. Beşiktaş is also the only team to have won the Süper Lig undefeated, in the 1991–92 campaign. The team last won the Turkish Süper Lig title and Turkish Cup during the 2020–21 season. Its home ground is Vodafone Park, a 42,590-capacity all-seater stadium located by Dolmabahçe Palace. The stadium has been considered one of the best in the world for location, design, comfort, technology, atmosphere and transportation.
<Noa_Tishby>	Noa Tohar Tishby (Hebrew: נועה טוהר תשבי; born May 1977)  is an Israeli actress, writer, producer, and activist. As an actress, she appeared in a variety of American television shows and movies, including The Affair, The Island, Nip/Tuck, Big Love, NCIS, and others. She is also the co-executive producer of the HBO series, In Treatment, which is an adaptation of the Israeli series, BeTipul. Her production company, Noa's Arc, was also responsible for selling several other adaptations of Israeli programs to American networks. 
<YoWorld>	YoWorld (formerly YoVille) is a browser-based virtual world game which was released on May 8, 2008. It is currently developed by Big Viking Games. The game operates on the freemium model, and is supported through microtransactions, as well as a voluntary in-game ad program. The game itself is free-to-play, however, players can purchase in-game currencies or enroll in special programs and offers to improve their game-play experience or help them progress faster, using real money. Users can create a virtual avatar, and enter the virtual world. Within YoWorld, players can earn virtual coins and currencies (like YoCoins and YoCash) in-game by completing various jobs and tasks in-game. They can also purchase more with real money. YoWorlders can then use these funds to purchase and decorate new homes, purchase more clothing and gear for their avatars, adopt pets, or even take advantage of the game's virtual economy, and make investments by buying, selling, and trading items with other players. Other activities in-game include mini-games, hosting parties, socializing and chatting with other users, and role-play. The game is currently available on the social media platform, Facebook, as a browser-based game. It can also be accessed through Facebook's Game Room platform.
<Haciendas_de_Jalisco_y_Aledaños_(1506–1821)>	Haciendas de Jalisco y Aledaños (1506–1821) is a book written in Spanish by Ricardo Lancaster-Jones y Verea (1905–83), it's about the rural history of haciendas (rural estates) in the State of Jalisco (Mexico), since the origins of the Kingdom of Nueva Galicia (New Galicia) in the earliest 16th Century, to the earliest days of the Independence of Mexico in 1821. It's the first publication in its kind in Western Mexico and the most complete book about rural properties of the State of Jalisco and their development through time.A summary of this book is mentioned in the "Boletín" of the Real Academia Española (1975); it also appears in the bibliography of many contemporary authors like Rodolfo Fernández (2003), Jean Meyer (1990), Ramón María Serrera (1977), Eric Van Young (1983),  etc.The book's author was requested by Financiera Aceptaciones S.A. (a finance company from Mexico's Banco Serfin), to publish this work for the Mexican public due to the interest of the Mexican Academic circles, it was inspired by his own thesis "Haciendas de Jalisco y aledaños: fincas rústicas de antaño, 1506–1821", a 270 pages work that was made to obtain a Master of Arts degree in Latin American Studies at the University of New Mexico in 1973.
<Koodevide>	Koodevide? (English: Where is Your Nest?) is a 1983 Malayalam drama film, written and directed by P. Padmarajan, starring Mammootty, Suhasini and Rahman, who makes his debut. The plot is loosely based on a Tamil novel by Vasanthi. The film was Rahman's movie debut. The film was a major commercial success and was Padmarajan's first commercial hit.Alice is a teacher at a boarding school in Ooty. A prodigal and unruly son of a Member of Parliament Xavier Puthooran, Ravi Puthooran  joins the school in Alice's class. Alice manages to mentor him into a good student. Alice's boyfriend Captain Thomas feels intensely jealous of the attention Alice shows upon Ravi Puthooran. He accidentally kills the boy and surrenders to the police, leaving Alice frustrated in all aspects of her life.
<Frank_O'Hara>	Francis Russell "Frank" O'Hara (March 27, 1926 – July 25, 1966) was an American writer, poet, and art critic. A curator at the Museum of Modern Art, O'Hara became prominent in New York City's art world. O'Hara is regarded as a leading figure in the New York School, an informal group of artists, writers, and musicians who drew inspiration from jazz, surrealism, abstract expressionism, action painting, and contemporary avant-garde art movements.O'Hara's poetry is personal in tone and content, and has been described as sounding "like entries in a diary". Poet and critic Mark Doty has said O'Hara's poetry is "urbane, ironic, sometimes genuinely celebratory and often wildly funny" containing "material and associations alien to academic verse" such as "the camp icons of movie stars of the twenties and thirties, the daily landscape of social activity in Manhattan, jazz music, telephone calls from friends". O'Hara's writing sought to capture in his poetry the immediacy of life, feeling that poetry should be "between two persons instead of two pages."The Collected Poems of Frank O'Hara edited by Donald Allen (Knopf, 1971), the first of several posthumous collections, shared the 1972 National Book Award for Poetry. Brad Gooch's City Poet is the first substantial biography on the poet.
<Kenneth_G._Wilson>	Kenneth Geddes "Ken" Wilson (June 8, 1936 – June 15, 2013) was an American theoretical physicist and a pioneer in leveraging computers for studying particle physics. He was awarded the 1982 Nobel Prize in Physics for his work on phase transitions—illuminating the subtle essence of phenomena like melting ice and emerging magnetism.  It was embodied in his fundamental work on the renormalization group.Wilson was born on June 8, 1936, in Waltham, Massachusetts, the oldest child of Emily Buckingham Wilson and E. Bright Wilson, a prominent chemist at Harvard University, who didimportant work on microwave emissions. His mother also trained as a physicist. He attended several schools, including Magdalen College School, Oxford, England,ending up at the George School in eastern Pennsylvania.He went on to Harvard College at age 16, majoring in  Mathematics and, on two occasions, in 1954 and 1956, ranked among the top five in the William Lowell Putnam Mathematical Competition.He was also a star on the athletics track, representing Harvard in the Mile.  During his summer holidays he worked at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution.  He earned his PhD from Caltech in 1961, studying under Murray Gell-Mann. He did post-doc work at Harvard and CERN.
<Doing_Hard_Time>	Doing Hard Time is a 2004 drama crime film starring Boris Kodjoe, Michael K. Williams, Steven Bauer, David Banks, and Giancarlo Esposito. Michael (Boris Kodjoe) was a good man and a loving father, until one day, his seven-year-old son was caught in the crossfire of a drug deal gone bad. Michael's mourning becomes outrage when his child's killers get only a slap on the wrist for drug possession.He launches a crusade of vengeance, getting arrested himself so that he can go behind bars and deal out his own brand of justice to the two shooters. But in a place where there are no rules, revenge will no longer be Michael's only concern.When Michael Mitchell's (Boris Kodjoe) seven-year-old son, Chase, is accidentally shot during an aborted drug deal, no one knows for sure which of the two gunmen, Curtis "Durty Curt From Detroit" Craig (Michael K. Williams) or Raymond "Razor" Carver (Michael Kimbrew), pulled the trigger. Because both men refuse to testify against the other, a jury finds them guilty only of drug possession, meaning they could be back on the street in two years.
<Confluence_Queens_F.C.>	Confluence Queens F.C. sometimes referred to as Wada Queens and Kogi Confluence Queens is a Nigerian women's association football club based in Lokoja, Kogi State. They play their home games at Confluence Stadium, and compete in the Nigeria Women Premier League, the highest tier of female football league system in Nigeria.Confluence Queens was established by David Ayo Owolabi in 1993, a prominent figure on female football matters in the state. In 2006, after the club gained promotion to the second division for the first time in her history, the state government led by Governor Ibrahim Idris provided funds and took over the administrative control of the team. In 2009, Confluence Queens was promoted to the elite division for the first time in her history. When the pro-league was re-branded to the Nigeria Women Premier League in 2013, Confluence Queens was one of the twelve teams selected to compete in the inaugural season. Honorable Abdul Adama was appointed chairman of the club but resigned in 2015.
<Josh_Dallas>	Joshua Paul Dallas (born December 18, 1978) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles as Prince Charming/David Nolan in the ABC television series Once Upon a Time and as Ben Stone in the NBC/Netflix sci-fi drama series Manifest.After graduation at Mountview Academy of Theatre Arts in England, Dallas joined the Royal Shakespeare Company, and then took part with the Royal National Theatre, English National Opera, the New Shakespeare Company, and the Young Vic.[citation needed]
<David_McLaren_(politician)>	David McLaren (1872 – 3 November 1939) was a Mayor of Wellington and Member of Parliament in New Zealand.Born in Glasgow, Scotland and an operative in the boot trade. He enjoyed the poetry of Robert Burns and was member of the Burns Club.
<Patrick_Villiers_Farrow>	Patrick Villiers Farrow (November 27, 1942 – June 15, 2009) was an American sculptor and a peace and environmental activist.Farrow was the son of actress Maureen O'Sullivan and writer-director-producer John Villiers Farrow. He had one older brother, Michael, and five younger siblings, including actresses Mia and Tisa, John, Prudence, and Stephanie. He grew up in Beverly Hills and went abroad to Spain and England.
<Kristal_Tin>	Kristal Tin Yui Nei (Chinese: 田蕊妮; pinyin: Tián Ruǐ Nī, born (Chinese: 田明慧; pinyin: Tián Mínghuì); 28 September 1977) is a Hong Kong singer and a former TVB actress.Tin's career began with a first place in a singing contest in 1993. After the competition, she was offered a contract at Asia Television which she accepted. Two years later, Tin branched into acting through ATV.
<Gorgon_gas_project>	The Gorgon gas project is a multi-decade natural gas project in Western Australia, involving the development of the Greater Gorgon gas fields, subsea gas-gathering infrastructure, and a liquefied natural gas (LNG) plant on Barrow Island. The project also includes a domestic gas component. Construction was completed in 2017.'Greater Gorgon' refers to a grouping of several gas fields, including Gorgon, Chandon, Geryon, Orthrus, Maenad, Eurytion, Urania, Chrysaor, Dionysus, Jansz/Io, and West Tryal Rocks, situated in the Barrow sub-basin of the Carnarvon Basin. The Gorgon field is centered about 130 kilometres (81 mi) off the north-west coast of Western Australia, where the water depth is approximately 200 metres (660 ft). Other fields in the group lie to the north, such as Jansz-Io, which covers an area of 2,000 square kilometres (770 sq mi), in a water depth of 1,300 metres (4,300 ft).
<Birmingham_City_F.C.>	Birmingham City Football Club is a professional football club based in Birmingham, England. Formed in 1875 as Small Heath Alliance, it was renamed Small Heath in 1888, Birmingham in 1905, and Birmingham City in 1943. Since 2011, the first team have competed in the EFL Championship, the second tier of English football.As Small Heath, they played in the Football Alliance before becoming founder members and first champions of the Football League Second Division. The most successful period in their history was in the 1950s and early 1960s. They achieved their highest finishing position of sixth in the First Division in the 1955–56 season and reached the 1956 FA Cup Final. Birmingham played in two Inter-Cities Fairs Cup finals, in 1960, as the first English club side to reach a major European final, and again the following year. They won the League Cup in 1963 and again in 2011. Birmingham have played in the top tier of English football for around half of their history: the longest period spent outside the top division, between 1986 and 2002, included two brief spells in the third tier of English football, during which time they won the Football League Trophy twice.
<Elizabeth_Warren>	Elizabeth Ann Warren (née Herring; born June 22, 1949) is an American politician and former law professor who is the senior United States senator from Massachusetts, serving since 2013. A member of the Democratic Party and regarded as a progressive, Warren has focused on consumer protection, equitable economic opportunity, and the social safety net while in the Senate. Warren was a candidate in the 2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries, ultimately finishing third.
<Nicholas_Robinson_(historian)>	Nicholas Kenneth Robinson (born 9 February 1946) is an Irish author, historian, solicitor and cartoonist who is the husband of the 7th President of Ireland and former United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, Mary Robinson.Robinson was born in Amsterdam, Netherlands, in 1946, to a wealthy middle-class Anglican family. He was born to Howard and Lucy Robinson, the third in a family of four boys. His father was an accountant who founded the City of Dublin Banker and was a prominent freemason of the Grand Lodge of Ireland. The Robinson family had been coopers associated with the brewing business of the Guinness family. Nicholas's grandfather was a coal importer.
<Sumitomo_Group>	The Sumitomo Group (Japanese: 住友グループ, Hepburn: Sumitomo Gurūpu) is one of the largest Japanese keiretsu, or business groups, founded by Masatomo Sumitomo (1585-1652) around 1615 during the early Edo period.The Sumitomo Group traces its roots to a bookshop in Kyoto founded circa 1615 by Masatomo Sumitomo, a former Buddhist monk. Even today management of the group is guided by his "Founder's Precepts", written in the 17th century.Copper refining made the company famous. Riemon Soga, Masatomo Sumitomo's brother-in-law, learned Western methods of copper refining. In 1590 he established a smelting business, Izumiya, literally meaning "spring shop". Riemon perfected techniques that allowed the extraction of silver from copper ore, something Japanese technology had not previously accomplished.
<Man_Walks_Into_a_Room>	Man Walks Into a Room, published in the United States by Doubleday on May 1, 2002, is the first novel by American writer Nicole Krauss.Set in 1957 and the present day, the novel, which is a meditation on memory and personal history, solitude and intimacy, tells the story of Samson Greene, a young and popular professor at Columbia University in New York City, who is found wandering in the Nevada desert with no memory of his previous life.Samson Greene is found wandering in the Nevada desert and is identified by the ID in his wallet as he has no recollection of who he is or how he got there. Tests reveal that Samson has a cherry-sized tumour in his brain and after the tumour is removed and found to be benign, Samson finds that he has no memories past the age of 12.
<Carlisle_United_F.C.>	Carlisle United Football Club (/kɑːrˈlaɪl/ kar-LYLE, locally /ˈkɑːrlaɪl/ KAR-lyle) is a professional association football club based in Carlisle, Cumbria, England. The team compete in EFL League Two, the fourth tier of the English football league system. They have played their home games at Brunton Park since 1909. The club's traditional kit is blue with white and red detail, whilst the badge takes elements from the city's coat of arms by including two wyverns. They are nicknamed the "Blues", due to their kit, as well as the "Cumbrians". The club is the closest English professional football club to the Anglo-Scottish border.Formed in 1904, the club entered the Lancashire Combination the following year and were crowned Division Two champions in 1906–07. They entered the North Eastern League in 1910 and went on to win the league title in 1921–22, before being elected into the Football League in 1928. They spent the next 30 years in the Third Division North, at which point they were assigned a place in the newly formed Fourth Division, from where they won promotion in 1961–62. Relegated the following season, they then won two consecutive promotions, finishing the 1964–65 season as champions of the Third Division under the stewardship of Alan Ashman. They secured promotion out of the Second Division in 1973–74, but stayed only one season in the First Division and were relegated back to the Third Division at the end of the 1976–77 campaign. Promoted again under Bob Stokoe in 1981–82, they suffered successive relegations to return to the fourth tier by 1987.
<Elizabeth_Berridge_(actress)>	Elizabeth Berridge (born May 2, 1962) is an American film and theatre actress. She is best known for playing Charlotte, the maid in The Powers that Be and Constanze Mozart in the Academy Award-winning 1984 film Amadeus. She also played the role of Officer Eve Eggers on The John Larroquette Show (1993–1996), and has  performed in the theater.Berridge was born in New Rochelle, New York, the daughter of George Berridge, a lawyer, and Mary L. Berridge (née Robinson), a social worker. The family settled in Larchmont, New York, where she attended Chatsworth Elementary School. There she began to perform and sing. Due to her acting commitments, she earned her diploma through an independent-study program at Mamaroneck High School.
<Barbara_Cooney>	Barbara Cooney (August 6, 1917 – March 10, 2000) was an American writer and illustrator of 110 children's books, published over sixty years. She received two Caldecott Medals for her work on Chanticleer and the Fox (1958) and Ox-Cart Man (1979), and a National Book Award for Miss Rumphius (1982). Her books have been translated into 10 languages.For her contribution as a children's illustrator, Cooney was the U.S. nominee in 1994 for the biennial, international Hans Christian Andersen Award, the highest international recognition for creators of children's books.Cooney was born on 6 August 1917 in Room 1127 of the Hotel Bossert in Brooklyn, New York, to Russell Schenck Cooney (a stockbroker) and his wife Mae Evelyn Bossert (a painter). She had a twin brother and two younger brothers. Her family moved to Connecticut, where she attended Buckley Country Day School and later Boarding School. She started drawing and painting early in life, and was encouraged by her mother but allowed to learn independently.
<Ola_Bola>	Ola Bola is a 2016 Malaysian sports football film directed by Chiu Keng Guan. The film was inspired by the glories of the Malaysia national football team which successfully entered the 1980 Summer Olympics. The film was released in Malaysian cinemas on 28 January 2016. As of November 2019, Ola Bola is currently ranked the tenth-highest grossing Malaysian film of all-time.A journalist, Marianne is commissioned to research the Malaysia national football team of the 80's. Disillusioned by her working life in Malaysia, she decides to emigrate to England once she completes the project. She goes to Sabah to interview Eric, a former player of the team.
<Think_Like_a_Dinosaur>	"Think Like a Dinosaur" is a science fiction novelette written by James Patrick Kelly, originally published in the June 1995 issue of Asimov's Science Fiction magazine.The story won the 1996 Hugo Award for Best Novelette, the Asimov's Reader Poll Award, and the SF Chronicle Award. It was also nominated for the Locus Poll Award and the Nebula Award. Since its original publication, "Think Like a Dinosaur" has been reprinted in several science fiction anthologies. In 2001, it was adapted as the "Think Like a Dinosaur" episode of The Outer Limits TV series. It was adapted into an audio play for Seeing Ear Theater.The story postulates a transportation device supervised by a dinosaur-like race of aliens that can transmit an exact copy of a person's body to distant planets. The original body is disintegrated once reception at the destination is confirmed. The fictional race, nicknamed "dinos", looks down on humans for being scared of this process, making fun of them for being "weepy". In the story, a woman is teleported to an alien planet, but the original is not disintegrated because reception cannot be confirmed at the time. Reception is later confirmed, and the original, not surprisingly, declines to "balance the equation" by re-entering the scanning and disintegrating device and attempts to escape. This creates an ethical quandary that is viewed quite differently by the cold-blooded aliens who provided the teleportation technology, and their warm-blooded human associates. The story concludes with the narrator, a human intern working on the space station housing the device, agreeing with the dinos' philosophy and murdering the woman to balance the equation.
<Lord_Byron>	George Gordon Byron, 6th Baron Byron FRS (22 January 1788 – 19 April 1824), known simply as Lord Byron, was an English romantic poet and peer. He was one of the leading figures of the Romantic movement, and as been regarded as among the greatest of English poets. Among his best-known works are the lengthy narratives Don Juan and Childe Harold's Pilgrimage; many of his shorter lyrics in Hebrew Melodies also became popular.Byron was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge, later traveling extensively across Europe to places such as Italy, where he lived for seven years in Venice, Ravenna, and Pisa after he was forced to flee England due to lynching threats. During his stay in Italy, he frequently visited his friend and fellow poet Percy Bysshe Shelley. Later in life Byron joined the Greek War of Independence fighting the Ottoman Empire and died leading a campaign during that war, for which Greeks revere him as a folk hero. He died in 1824 at the age of 36 from a fever contracted after the First and Second Sieges of Missolonghi.
<Hanna_Scheuring>	Hanna Scheuring (born 15 June 1965) is a Swiss stage and film actress starring usually in Swiss German language cinema and television and stage productions.Born near Zürich, canton of Zürich, in Switzerland, as the youngest of four daughters, Hanna Scheuring lives in the municipality of Zürich and has a teenage son and a daughter. After training as an actress at the Conservatory of Music and Theatre in Bern, she played several years in Germany, at the State Theatre Marburg and at the Theater Trier. Hanna Scheuring's most popular role is the character of Vreni Hubacher in the Swiss comedy serial Fascht e Familie in the 1990s. Lüthi und Blanc was her next Swiss engagement, thenafter she played in various films and is still on stage. Hanna Scheuring has also worked as a trainer and coach to support people in culture and business performance skills. She has been involved for some time for UNICEF and traveled to Somalia to gather information on site about female circumcision. Scheuring is still active as a stage actress.
<Malcolm_X>	Malcolm X (born Malcolm Little, later Malik el-Shabazz; May 19, 1925 – February 21, 1965) was an American Muslim minister and human rights activist who was a prominent figure during the civil rights movement. A spokesman for the Nation of Islam until 1964, he was a vocal advocate for Black empowerment and the promotion of Islam within the Black community. A posthumous autobiography, on which he collaborated with Alex Haley, was published in 1965.Malcolm spent his adolescence living in a series of foster homes or with relatives after his father's death and his mother's hospitalization. He committed various crimes, being sentenced to 10 years in prison in 1946 for larceny and burglary. In prison he joined the Nation of Islam (adopting the name Malcolm X to symbolize his unknown African ancestral surname while discarding "the White slavemaster name of 'Little'"), and after his parole in 1952 quickly became one of the organization's most influential leaders. He was the public face of the organization for 12 years, advocating Black empowerment and separation of Black and White Americans, and criticizing Martin Luther King Jr. and the mainstream civil rights movement for its emphasis on nonviolence and racial integration. Malcolm X also expressed pride in some of the Nation's social welfare achievements, such as its free drug rehabilitation program. Throughout his life, beginning in the 1950s, Malcolm X was subjected to surveillance by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI).
<Djurgårdens_IF_Fotboll>	Djurgårdens IF Fotbollsförening – commonly known as Djurgårdens IF, Djurgården Fotboll (official name), Djurgården (IPA: [ˈjʉ̂ːrˌɡoːɖɛn]), and (especially locally) Djurgår'n (IPA: [ˈjʉ̌ː(r)ɡɔɳ]), Dif or DIF – is the men's association football department of its parent association Djurgårdens IF. Founded 1891 on the island of Djurgården, the club's home ground is Tele2 Arena, situated in the Johanneshov district of Stockholm.Competing in the highest Swedish tier, Allsvenskan, the club has won the league twelve times and the cup five times. The league titles have mainly been won during three separate eras. The first period was the 1910s, when they won four league titles. The second era occurred in the 1950s and 60s, when Djurgården also won the league four times. The most recent era was the first half of the 00s when they won both the league and the cup three times. From 2017 to the current day, the club has seen a boom, both nationally and internationally, highlighted by the Svenska Cupen title in 2018, the league title in 2019 & their qualification to 2022-23 Europa Conference League round of 16.
<Robert_Andrews_Millikan>	Robert Andrews Millikan (March 22, 1868 – December 19, 1953) was an American experimental physicist honored with the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1923 for the measurement of the elementary electric charge and for his work on the photoelectric effect.Millikan graduated from Oberlin College in 1891 and obtained his doctorate at Columbia University in 1895. In 1896 he became an assistant at the University of Chicago, where he became a full professor in 1910. In 1909 Millikan began a series of experiments to determine the electric charge carried by a single electron. He began by measuring the course of charged water droplets in an electric field. The results suggested that the charge on the droplets is a multiple of the elementary electric charge, but the experiment was not accurate enough to be convincing. He obtained more precise results in 1910 with his famous oil-drop experiment in which he replaced water (which tended to evaporate too quickly) with oil.
<Pasadena,_California>	Pasadena (/ˌpæsəˈdiːnə/ PAS-ə-DEE-nə) is a city in Los Angeles County, California, 11 miles (18 km) northeast of downtown Los Angeles. It is the most populous city and the primary cultural center of the San Gabriel Valley. Old Pasadena is the city's original commercial district.Its population was 138,699 at the 2020 census, making it the 44th largest city in California and the ninth-largest city in Los Angeles County. Pasadena was incorporated on June 19, 1886, becoming one of the first cities to be incorporated in what is now Los Angeles County, following the city of Los Angeles (April 4, 1850).
<Bobby_Weed>	Robert C. "Bobby" Weed, Jr. (born April 13, 1955), president of Bobby Weed Golf Design, is a golf course designer and builder specializing in design, renovation and repurposing. A protégé of Pete Dye, he resides in Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida. Weed is a member of the American Society of Golf Course Architects (ASGCA), the Golf Course Superintendents Association of America (GCSAA) and the Florida Turfgrass Association.Weed attended Presbyterian College and Lake City Community College, in North Florida, in the Golf Course Operations and Landscape Technology program. He began his professional career with an extended apprenticeship with Pete Dye, launching a collaboration of over 35 years’ duration and a lifelong friendship. Hired in 1983 by the PGA Tour as a Certified Golf Course Superintendent at TPC @ Sawgrass, Weed progressed to the Tour’s in-house Chief Designer from 1987–96, where he was responsible for the design of many of today’s best-known TPC venues, which continue as host sites for prominent Tour events. From 1985-95, Weed held certification through the GCSAA as a Certified Golf Course Superintendent.In 1994, Weed formed Bobby Weed Golf Design, which has amassed a list of new and renovated courses that are ranked consistently at the top of their respective categories, including The Olde Farm Club, Spanish Oaks Golf Club, The Golf Course at Glen Mills, Medalist Golf Club and Timuquana Country Club.
<Seattle>	Seattle (/siˈætəl/ (listen) see-AT-əl) is a seaport city on the West Coast of the United States. It is the seat of King County, Washington. With a 2020 population of 737,015, it is the largest city in both the state of Washington and the Pacific Northwest region of North America. The Seattle metropolitan area's population is 4.02 million, making it the 15th-largest in the United States. Its growth rate of 21.1% between 2010 and 2020 makes it one of the nation's fastest-growing large cities.
<Pia_Zadora>	Pia Zadora (born Pia Alfreda Schipani, May 4, 1954) is an American actress and singer. After working as a child actress on Broadway, in regional theater, and in the film Santa Claus Conquers the Martians (1964), she came to national attention in 1981 when, following her starring role in the highly criticized Butterfly, she won a Golden Globe Award as New Star of the Year while simultaneously winning the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Actress and the Worst New Star for the same performance.When in the 1980s Zadora's film career failed to achieve critical success, she switched her focus to music. As a singer, Zadora has released several albums featuring popular standards, often backed by a symphonic orchestra. She was nominated for a Grammy in 1984.Zadora was born Pia Alfreda Schipani in Hoboken, New Jersey. Her father, Alphonse Schipani, was an Italian-American violinist, and her mother, Saturnina Schipani (née Zadorowski), was a Polish-American theatrical wardrobe supervisor for Broadway productions, the Metropolitan Opera and the New York City Opera.
<Joseph_Had_a_Little_Overcoat>	Joseph Had a Little Overcoat is a children’s picture book by Simms Taback that won the 2000 Caldecott Medal.  The book is a re-illustrated version of a book of the same name by Taback that was published in 1977. The protagonist is Joseph, a Jewish farmer, who has a little striped overcoat. When it grows old, Joseph makes it into a little jacket and so on until he makes it into a button. Ultimately, Joseph loses the button, but is prompted to write a book based on his experiences. The moral of the story is "you can always make something out of nothing." In 2001, an 11-minute animated film based on the book was directed by Daniel Ivanick and narrated by Rob Reiner by Weston Woods Studios, Inc.The story has die-cut illustrations consisting of watercolor and collage.  Readers of the story say that Joseph greatly resembles Simms Taback.Joseph Had a Little Overcoat is based on the Yiddish song I Had a Little Overcoat.  Barbara Kiefer, chair of the Caldecott Award Committee, commented, "Vibrant rich colors, playful details, and skillfully-placed die cuts contribute to the books raucous merriment that takes this Yiddish folk song far beyond the simple words."
<Julie_Condra>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<RAF_Breighton>	Breighton Aerodrome is a private aerodrome primarily used for general aviation flying located on the former Royal Air Force Breighton or more simply RAF Breighton, a former Royal Air Force station located near to the village of Breighton, East Riding of Yorkshire, England.The airfield was built between 1940 and 1942 for No. 1 Group RAF, its first residents were the No. 460 Squadron RAAF.
<Nikica_Jelavić>	Nikica Jelavić (Croatian pronunciation: [nîkitsa jělaʋitɕ]; born 27 August 1985) is a Croatian former professional footballer who played as a forward.Jelavić began his career with Croatian side Hajduk Split of the Prva HNL in 2002, before moving to Belgian Pro League club Zulte Waregem in 2007. A year later, he moved to Austrian Bundesliga club Rapid Wien. In 2010, he was signed by Rangers, with whom he won the Scottish Premier League and the Scottish League Cup in his first season. He moved to England with Everton in January 2012, and Hull City two years later.
<Wäinö_Aaltonen>	Wäinö Valdemar Aaltonen (8 March 1894 – 30 May 1966) was a Finnish artist and sculptor. The Chambers Biographical Dictionary describes him as "one of the leading Finnish sculptors".He was born to a tailor in the village of Karinainen, Finland. He became interested in art after being deaf as a child, and attended the School of Drawing of the Turku Art Association from age 16, or specifically between 1910 and 1915. He had spent many of the early years at this school studying painting, but he was mainly self-taught as a sculptor. He learned the technics of treatment of marble with his relative Aarre Aaltonen, and by working as a trainee stonemason in Hirvensalo. Sculptor Felix Nylund was a substitute teacher in the art school in Turku for one season, and his work was inspiration for young Aaltonen.
<C.S._Marítimo>	Club Sport Marítimo MH M, commonly known as Marítimo (Portuguese pronunciation: [mɐˈɾitimu] locally [mɐˈɾitmu]), is a Portuguese sports club founded in Funchal, Madeira, in 1910. Marítimo is best known for its football team playing in Portugal's top-flight competition, the Primeira Liga. The club's reserve team, Marítimo B, compete in the fourth division, and the female team feature in the top-tier Campeonato Nacional Feminino. Aside from football, Marítimo have teams in other sports competing in national leagues, such as volleyball, handball, roller hockey and athletics. Marítimo supporters are called Maritimistas.The club has won one major trophy, the Campeonato de Portugal, in 1926. After a long period without being able to participate in national championships they finally made their inaugural appearance in 1973. Since then, Marítimo have been present for 40 seasons in Primeira Liga, have been runners-up of the Taça de Portugal twice, runners-up of the Taça da Liga twice, and have participated nine times in the UEFA Cup/Europa League. The club have won the Segunda Divisão twice.
<Lea_Grundig>	Lea Grundig (Dresden, 23 March 1906 – 10 October 1977, at sea) was a German painter and graphic artist.Lea Langer was born in the old central heart of Dresden, where she grew up as part of the city's Jewish community.   Her father was a joiner/furniture maker and her mother worked in garment manufacturing.   Lea attended school locally between 1912 and 1922, while rejecting, even as a young girl, the family's religious orthodoxy.   She went on to study at the city's Decorative Arts and Crafts Academy before progressing, in 1924, to the prestigious Saxon Art Academy:  here she was admitted into the Masterclass of Otto Gussmann where fellow participants included Otto Griebel, Wilhelm Lachnit and Hans Grundig.   At the Academy she also got to know Otto Dix, whom she would come to regard as one of the most influential of her mentors.   She remained at The Academy till 1926.1926 was the year in which she joined the Communist Party (KPD).  She was also a co-founder of the Association of Revolutionary Visual Artists (ARBKD / Assoziation revolutionärer bildender Künstler Deutschlands).   In 1928 she left the Jewish community and, in further defiance of her father's will, married Hans Grundig.
<Henry_Draper_Medal>	The Henry Draper Medal is awarded every 4 years by the United States National Academy of Sciences "for investigations in astronomical physics". Named after Henry Draper, the medal is awarded with a gift of USD $15,000. The medal was established under the Draper Fund by his widow, Anna Draper, in honor of her husband, and was first awarded in 1886 to Samuel Pierpont Langley "for numerous investigations of a high order of merit in solar physics, and especially in the domain of radiant energy". It has since been awarded 45 times.The medal has been awarded to multiple individuals in the same year: in 1977 it was awarded to Arno Allan Penzias and Robert Woodrow Wilson "for their discovery of the cosmic microwave radiation (a remnant of the very early universe), and their leading role in the discovery of interstellar molecules"; in 1989 to Riccardo Giovanelli and Martha P. Haynes "for the first three-dimensional view of some of the remarkable large-scale filamentary structures of our visible universe"; in 1993 to Ralph Asher Alpher and Robert Herman "for their insight and skill in developing a physical model of the evolution of the universe and in predicting the existence of a microwave background radiation years before this radiation was serendipitously discovered" and in 2001 to R. Paul Butler and Geoffrey Marcy "for their pioneering investigations of planets orbiting other stars via high-precision radial velocities".Source: National Academy of Sciences
<Yoyo_Chen>	Yoyo Chen Chi-yiu (born 27 August 1981) is a Hong Kong television actress and model contracted to TVB.Yoyo Chen was born in Hong Kong and is of Fuzhounese ancestry. She finished secondary 7 and graduated from Po Kok Girls' Middle School at Happy Valley, Hong Kong.After signing an artiste contract with TVB, Chen made her acting debut in the 2004 drama Sunshine Heartbeat. After several minor roles, Chen began to receive bigger roles in the 2007 dramas The Brink of Law and Best Selling Secrets, earning her first nominations for the Most Improved Female Artiste and Best Supporting Actress at the 2007 TVB Anniversary Awards.
<Adrian_Bird>	Sir Adrian Peter Bird, CBE, FRS, FRSE, FMedSci (born 3 July 1947) is a British geneticist and Buchanan Professor of Genetics at the University of Edinburgh. Bird has spent much of his academic career in Edinburgh, from receiving his PhD in 1970 to working at the MRC Mammalian Genome Unit and later serving as director of the Wellcome Trust Centre for Cell Biology. His research focuses on understanding DNA methylation and CpG islands, and their role in diseases such as Rett syndrome.Bird was born in Rowley Regis near Wolverhampton, England, but from age 4 lived in the town of Kidderminster, near Birmingham. He attended a grammar school in Hartlebury, achieving grades CCD for his A-level results. Whilst at school, Bird played cricket and hockey for a local team. Bird received his PhD from the University of Edinburgh in 1970 for research supervised by Max Birnstiel, following undergraduate study of Biochemistry at the University of Sussex.
<Agnieszka_Holland>	Agnieszka Holland (born 28 November 1948) is a Polish film and television director and screenwriter, best known for her political contributions to Polish cinema. She began her career as assistant to directors Krzysztof Zanussi and Andrzej Wajda, and emigrated to France shortly before the 1981 imposition of the martial law in Poland.Holland is best known for her films Europa Europa (1990), for which she received an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay nomination, and The Secret Garden (1993), as well as Angry Harvest and the Holocaust drama In Darkness, both of which were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. In 2017 she received Alfred Bauer Prize (Silver Bear) for her film Spoor at the Berlin International Film Festival. In 2020, she was elected President of the European Film Academy.
<Cardiff_City_F.C.>	Cardiff City Football Club (Welsh: Clwb Pêl-droed Dinas Caerdydd) is a professional association football club based in Cardiff, Wales. It competes in the Championship, the second tier of the English football league system. Founded in 1899 as Riverside A.F.C., the club changed its name to Cardiff City in 1908 and entered the Southern Football League in 1910 before joining the English Football League in 1920. The team has spent 17 seasons in the top tier of English football, the longest period being between 1921 and 1929. Their most recent season in the top flight was the 2018–19 Premier League season.Cardiff is the only team from outside England to have won the FA Cup, doing so in 1927. They have also reached three other cup finals in English competitions, the 1925 FA Cup Final against Sheffield United, the 2008 FA Cup Final against Portsmouth and the 2012 Football League Cup Final against Liverpool, suffering defeat on each occasion. They have won the Welsh Cup on 22 occasions, making them the second-most successful team in the competition's history behind Wrexham.
<Peking_University>	Peking University (PKU; Chinese: 北京大学; lit. 'University of Beijing') is a public research university in Beijing, China. The university is funded by the Ministry of Education.Peking University was established as the Imperial University of Peking in 1898 when it received its royal charter by the Guangxu Emperor. A successor of the older Guozijian Imperial College, the university's romanized name 'Peking' retains the older transliteration of 'Beijing' that has been superseded in most other contexts. Perennially ranked as one of the top academic institutions in China and the world; as of 2021 Peking University was ranked 16th globally and 1st in the Asia-Pacific & emerging countries by Times Higher Education, while as of 2022 it was ranked 12th globally and 1st in Asia by QS University Rankings.Throughout its history, Peking University has had an important role "at the center of major intellectual movements" in China. Abolished of its status as a royal institution after the fall of the Qing dynasty and the Xinhai Revolution; from the early 1920s, the university became a center for China's emerging, progressive, and republican movements. Faculty and students held important roles in originating the New Culture Movement, the May Fourth Movement protests, and other significant cultural and sociopolitical events, to the extent that the university's history has been closely tied to that of modern China. Peking University has educated and hosted many prominent modern Chinese figures, including Mao Zedong, Lu Xun, Gu Hongming, Hu Shih, Mao Dun, Li Dazhao, Chen Duxiu, and current Premier Li Keqiang.
<Anheuser-Busch>	Coordinates: 38°35′57″N 90°12′52″W﻿ / ﻿38.5992341°N 90.214344°W﻿ / 38.5992341; -90.214344Anheuser-Busch Companies, LLC /ˈænhaɪzər ˈbʊʃ/ is an American brewing company headquartered in St. Louis, Missouri. Since 2008, it has been wholly owned by Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV (AB InBev), now the world's largest brewing company, which owns multiple global brands, notably Budweiser, Michelob, Stella Artois, and Beck's.The company employs over 19,000 people, operates 12 breweries in the United States, and until December 2009, was one of the largest theme park operators in the United States, with ten theme parks through the company's family entertainment division Busch Entertainment Corporation.
<Josh_Charles>	Joshua Aaron Charles (born September 15, 1971) is an American actor. He is best known for the roles of Dan Rydell on Sports Night;  Will Gardner on The Good Wife, which earned him two Primetime Emmy Award nominations; and his early work as Knox Overstreet in Dead Poets Society.He is the son of Allan Charles, an advertising executive. He's Jewish on his father's side and has described himself as Jewish. He began his career performing comedy at the age of nine. As a teenager, he spent several summers at Stagedoor Manor Performing Arts Center in New York, and attended the Baltimore School for the Arts.
<Elizabeth_McGovern>	Elizabeth Lee McGovern (born July 18, 1961) is an American actress and musician. She has received many awards, including a Screen Actors Guild Award, three Golden Globe Award nominations, and one Academy Award nomination.Born in Evanston, Illinois, McGovern spent most of her early life in Los Angeles. After attending the American Conservatory Theater and the Juilliard School, she made her feature film debut in Ordinary People (1980). For her role as Evelyn Nesbit in the musical film Ragtime (1981), she received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. She subsequently had lead roles in a number of major studio films, including Once Upon a Time in America (1984), She's Having a Baby (1987), The Bedroom Window (1987), The Handmaid's Tale (1990), and The Wings of the Dove (1997).
<Anne_Flournoy>	Anne Flournoy (born April 28, 1952) is an American writer, producer and film director, best known for the webseries The Louise Log.Anne Flournoy's first short film, Louise Smells a Rat, was made in 1982 by recutting snippets of other peoples' films and borrowing a song. The total budget, just over $1,000, went on lab fees. Louise Smells a Rat is "an elliptical spy story, set to a driving merengue by Johnny Ventura. It was made from twenty-four hours of discarded 16mm prints, distilled down to four and a half minutes." Louise Smells a Rat premiered at the New York Film Festival. The film can be seen on YouTube. In 1985 Louise Smells a Rat was shown at the 29th London Film FestivalThe short film Nadja Yet was made in 1983. It is a story of obsessive teen love, adapted from Turgenev, and starred Jenny Wright.
<Malibu,_California>	Malibu (/ˈmælɪbuː/ MAL-ih-boo; Spanish: Malibú; Chumash: Humaliwo) is a beach city in the Santa Monica Mountains region of Los Angeles County, California, situated about 30 miles (48 km) west of Downtown Los Angeles. It is known for its Mediterranean climate and its 21-mile (34 km) strip of the Malibu coast, incorporated in 1991 into the City of Malibu. The exclusive Malibu Colony has been historically home to Hollywood celebrities. People in the entertainment industry and other affluent residents live throughout the city, yet many residents are middle class. Most Malibu residents live from a half-mile (0.8 km) to within a few hundred yards of Pacific Coast Highway (State Route 1), which traverses the city, with some residents living up to one mile (1.6 km) away from the beach up narrow canyons. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 10,654.Nicknamed "the 'Bu" by surfers and locals, beaches along the Malibu coast include: Topanga Beach, Big Rock Beach, Las Flores Beach, La Costa Beach, Surfrider Beach, Dan Blocker Beach, Malibu Beach, Zuma Beach, Broad Beach, Point Dume Beach, and County Line. State parks and beaches on the Malibu coast include Malibu Creek State Park, Leo Carrillo State Beach and Park, Point Mugu State Park, and Robert H. Meyer Memorial State Beach, with individual beaches: El Pescador, La Piedra and El Matador. The many parks within the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area lie along the ridges above the city along with local parks that include Malibu Bluffs Park (formerly Malibu Bluffs State Park), Trancas Canyon Park, Las Flores Creek Park, and Legacy Park.
<Riccardo_Giacconi>	Riccardo Giacconi (/dʒəˈkoʊni/ jə-KOH-nee, Italian: [rikˈkardo dʒakˈkoːni]; October 6, 1931 – December 9, 2018) was an Italian-American Nobel Prize-winning astrophysicist who laid down the foundations of X-ray astronomy.  He was a professor at the Johns Hopkins University.Born in Genoa, Italy, Giacconi received his Laurea from the Physics Department of University of Milan before moving to the US to pursue a career in astrophysics research. In 1956, his Fulbright Fellowship led him to  go to the United States to collaborate with physics professor R. W. Thompson at Indiana University.Since cosmic X-ray radiation is absorbed by the Earth's atmosphere, space-based telescopes are needed for X-ray astronomy.  Applying himself to this problem, Giacconi worked on the instrumentation for X-ray astronomy; from rocket-borne detectors in the late 1950s and early 1960s, to Uhuru, the first orbiting X-ray astronomy satellite, in the 1970s.  Giacconi's pioneering research continued in 1978 with the Einstein Observatory, the first fully imaging X-ray telescope put into space, and later with the Chandra X-ray Observatory, which was launched in 1999 and is still in operation. Giacconi also applied his expertise to other fields of astronomy, becoming the first permanent director (1981-1993) of the Space Telescope Science Institute (the science operations center for the Hubble Space Telescope), followed by Director General of the European Southern Observatory (ESO) from 1993 to 1999, overseeing the construction of the Very Large Telescope, then President of Associated Universities, Inc. (1999-2004) managing the early years of the ALMA array.
<UBI_Banca>	Unione di Banche Italiane S.p.A., commonly known for its trading name UBI Banca, was an Italian banking group, the fifth largest in Italy by number of branches. It was formed on 1 April 2007 from the merger of the Banche Popolari Unite (trading as BPU Banca) and Banca Lombarda e Piemontese banking groups.UBI Banca shares were listed on the Borsa Italiana and included in the FTSE MIB (the blue chip index) until it was taken over by its larger Italian rival Intesa Sanpaolo in September 2020.
<Yvette_Fielding>	Yvette Paula Fielding (born 23 September 1968) is an English television presenter, producer and actress. She became the youngest presenter on Blue Peter aged 18, and one of her episodes was subsequently voted the "Favourite Blue Peter moment" ever. With her husband Karl Beattie, she presented the Most Haunted series on the Living channel, via their own production company, followed by Ghosthunting With..., establishing Fielding as 'first lady of the paranormal'. She has appeared in a wide range of other programmes, from The Wright Stuff to Through the Keyhole and I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here!.Fielding was born in Stockport and grew up in Bramhall where she attended Pownall Green Primary School and Bramhall High School. She attended Stockport Convent, Hillcrest Grammar School, Davenport and Dane Bank College in Crewe.
<Hilde_Neumann>	Hilde Neumann (born Hilde Martha Betty Rosenfeld: 13 April 1905, Berlin-Karlshorst - 11 September 1959, Berlin) was a German lawyer.She was politically leftwing and of Jewish provenance: she spent the Nazi years in exile.  In 1947 she returned to Berlin and resumed her political focus, becoming a senior legal official in the Socialist Unity Party (Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands / SED), which by 1949 had become the ruling party of the German Democratic Republic (East Germany) which was formally established in October of that year.   She also served as editor in chief of "Neue Justiz", an East German monthly specialist journal concerned with legal matters.Hilde Rosenfeld was born into a Jewish family in Berlin.   Her father was the lawyer and SPD Reichstag (Parliament) member Kurt Rosenfeld (1877–1943).   She attended a "Realgymnasium" (academic secondary school) in Berlin before going on to study Jurisprudence at universities in Berlin, Freiburg i/B and Bonn, concluding her studies with a doctorate.   At all three of the universities she attended she was a member of a Marxist student group.
<Sibylle_Bergemann>	Sibylle Bergemann (29 August 1941 – 1 November 2010) was a German photographer. In 1990, she co-founded the Ostkreuz photographers agency. She is remembered for documenting developments in East Berlin during the Communist era and for her international assignments for Stern and later for Geo.Bergemann completed clerical training in East Berlin between 1958 and 1960. She developed an interest in photography while working on the editorial staff of the East German entertainment periodical Das Magazin. In 1966 she began to study photography under the photographer and university teacher Arno Fischer, who became her lifelong partner.
<Charles_Maley>	Charles Crowther Maley (28 August 1876 – 15 October 1929) was an Australian businessman, farmer, and politician.  who was a Country Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1921 until his death, representing the seat of Irwin.Maley was born in Greenough, Western Australia, to Elizabeth (née Waldeck) and John Stephen Maley. He was named after Charles Crowther, a local MP and friend of his father. Maley was sent to school in Fremantle, and then returned to Greenough to manage his father's farm. During the gold rush, he moved to Lawlers (a remote mining town), where at various times he owned a hotel, managed a brewery, and served a term on the local road board.
<W._V._D._Hodge>	Sir William Vallance Douglas Hodge FRS FRSE (/hɒdʒ/; 17 June 1903 – 7 July 1975) was a British mathematician, specifically a geometer.His discovery of far-reaching topological relations between algebraic geometry and differential geometry—an area now called Hodge theory and pertaining more generally to Kähler manifolds—has been a major influence on subsequent work in geometry.
<Orion_International>	Orion Bus Industries, also known as Bus Industries of America in the United States, was a private bus manufacturer based in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.The company had its main manufacturing plant in Mississauga and sent bus body shells to their plant in Oriskany, New York, for final assembly and testing of vehicles destined for U.S. markets. Manufacturing ended in 2013.The company was taken over by the Ontario Government in 1994 for loan arrears and was sold in 1995 to Western Star Truck Holdings. Until 1995, the word Orion was only a model or brand name, not part of the company's name. In 2000, Western Star was purchased by a division of DaimlerChrysler, and in 2006, Orion was absorbed into DaimlerChrysler Commercial Buses North America. For some period of time thereafter, DaimlerChrysler  continued to market its buses under the "Orion" brand name.
<Ernie_Kovacs>	Ernest Edward Kovacs (January 23, 1919 – January 13, 1962) was a Hungarian-American comedian, actor, and writer.Kovacs's visually experimental and often spontaneous comedic style influenced numerous television comedy programs for years after his death. Kovacs has been credited as an influence by many individuals and shows, including Johnny Carson, Rowan and Martin's Laugh-In, Saturday Night Live, Monty Python's Flying Circus, Jim Henson, Max Headroom, Chevy Chase, Conan O'Brien, Jimmy Kimmel, Captain Kangaroo, Sesame Street, The Electric Company, Pee-wee's Playhouse, The Muppet Show, Dave Garroway, Andy Kaufman, You Can't Do That on Television, MST3K, Uncle Floyd, among others. Chase even thanked Kovacs during his acceptance speech for his Emmy award for Saturday Night Live.
<Mira_Nair>	Mira Nair (born 15 October 1957) is an Indian-American filmmaker based in New York City. Her production company, Mirabai Films, specializes in films for international audiences on Indian society, whether in the economic, social or cultural spheres. Among her best known films are Mississippi Masala, The Namesake, the Golden Lion–winning Monsoon Wedding, and Salaam Bombay!, which received nominations for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film and the BAFTA Award for Best Film Not in the English Language.Mira Nair was born on 15 October 1957 in Rourkela, Orissa, India, and grew up with her two older brothers and parents in Bhubaneswar. Her father, Amrit Lal Nair, was an officer of the Indian Administrative Service and her mother, Parveen Nayyar, is a social worker who often focused on children.
<A_Swift_Pure_Cry>	A Swift Pure Cry  is a 2006 novel by Siobhan Dowd about a teenager named Shell who lives in County Cork, Ireland. It won the 2007 Branford Boase Award and the Eilís Dillon Award.A Swift Pure Cry opens a year after the mother of fifteen-year-old Michelle "Shell" Talent dies, leaving her husband and three children to cope with her death.  The eldest of the children, Shell is given the responsibility to care for her younger siblings as well as continue attending school as their father changes drastically.
<Susan_Peters>	Susan Peters (born Suzanne Carnahan; July 3, 1921 – October 23, 1952) was an American actress who appeared in over twenty films over the course of her decade-long career. Though she began her career in uncredited and ingénue roles, she would establish herself as a serious dramatic actress in the mid-1940s.Born in Spokane, Washington, Peters was raised by her widowed mother in Portland, Oregon, and, later, Los Angeles. Upon graduating from high school, she studied acting with Austrian theater director Max Reinhardt, and signed a contract with Warner Bros. Pictures. She appeared in numerous bit parts before earning a minor supporting role in Santa Fe Trail (1940). She made her last film for Warner Bros. in 1942, the film noir The Big Shot opposite Humphrey Bogart and Richard Travis; after its release, Warner opted not to renew her contract.
<The_Death_of_the_Heart>	The Death of the Heart is a 1938 novel by Elizabeth Bowen set in the interwar period.  It is about a sixteen-year-old orphan, Portia Quayne, who moves to London to live with her half-brother Thomas and falls in love with Eddie, a friend of her sister-in-law.Bowen called it a 'pre-war' novel, "a novel which reflects the time, the pre-war time with its high tension, its increasing anxieties, and this great stress on individualism. People were so conscious of themselves, and of each other, and of their personal relationships because they thought that everything of that time might soon end."
<Miranda_Kerr>	Miranda May Kerr (/kɜːr/; born 20 April 1983) is an Australian model and businesswoman. Kerr rose to prominence in 2007, as one of the Victoria's Secret Angels. Kerr was the first Australian Victoria's Secret model and also represented the Australian department store chain David Jones. Kerr has launched her own brand of organic skincare products, KORA Organics, and has written a self-help book.Kerr began modelling in the fashion industry when she was 13, winning the 1997 Dolly magazine model search competition. Since 2008, Kerr has consistently ranked on the Forbes list of highest earning models.Kerr was previously married to English actor Orlando Bloom, with whom she had her first son. Since 2017, she has been married to Snapchat CEO Evan Spiegel with whom she has two children.
<Gregg_Allman>	Gregory LeNoir Allman (December 8, 1947 – May 27, 2017) was an American musician, singer and songwriter. He was known for performing in the Allman Brothers Band. Allman grew up with an interest in rhythm and blues music, and the Allman Brothers Band fused it with rock music, jazz, and country at times. He wrote several of the band's biggest songs, including "Whipping Post", "Melissa", and "Midnight Rider". Allman also had a successful solo career, releasing seven studio albums. He was born and spent much of his childhood in Nashville, Tennessee, before relocating to Daytona Beach, Florida and then Macon, Georgia.He and his brother, Duane Allman, formed the Allman Brothers Band in 1969, which reached mainstream success with their 1971 live album At Fillmore East. Shortly thereafter, Duane was killed in a motorcycle crash. The band continued, with Brothers and Sisters (1973) their most successful album. Allman began a solo career with Laid Back the same year, and was perhaps most famous for his marriage to pop star Cher for the rest of the decade. He had an unexpected late career hit with his cover of the song "I'm No Angel" in 1987, and his seventh solo album, Low Country Blues (2011), saw the highest chart positions of his career. Throughout his life, Allman struggled with alcohol and substance abuse, which formed the basis of his memoir My Cross to Bear (2012). His final album, Southern Blood, was released posthumously on September 8, 2017.
<Tobey_Maguire>	Tobias Vincent Maguire (born June 27, 1975) is an American actor and film producer. He is best known for playing the title character from Sam Raimi's Spider-Man trilogy (2002–2007), a role he later reprised in Spider-Man: No Way Home (2021).He started his career in supporting roles in the films This Boy's Life (1993), The Ice Storm, Deconstructing Harry (both 1997), and Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas (1998). His leading roles include Pleasantville (1998), Ride with the Devil (1999), The Cider House Rules (1999), Wonder Boys (2000), Seabiscuit (2003), The Good German (2006), Brothers (2009), The Great Gatsby (2013), and Pawn Sacrifice (2014).
<CBS_Radio>	CBS Radio was a radio broadcasting company and radio network operator owned by CBS Corporation and founded in 1928, with consolidated radio station groups owned by CBS and Westinghouse Broadcasting/Group W since the 1920s, and Infinity Broadcasting since the 1970s. The broadcasting company was sold to Entercom (now known as Audacy, Inc.) on November 17, 2017.Although CBS's involvement in radio dates back to the establishment of the original CBS Radio Network in 1927, the most recent radio division was formed by the 1997 acquisition of Infinity Broadcasting by CBS owner Westinghouse. In 1999, Infinity became a division of the original Viacom; in 2005, Viacom spun CBS and Infinity Broadcasting back into a separate company, and the division was renamed CBS Radio. It was the last radio group left to be tied to a major broadcast television network, as NBC divested its radio interests in the 1980s, and ABC sold off its division to Citadel Broadcasting (now part of Cumulus Media) in 2007.
<David_F._Ford>	David Frank Ford OBE (born 1948) is an Anglican public theologian. He was the Regius Professor of Divinity at the University of Cambridge, beginning in 1991. He is now an Emeritus Regius Professor of Divinity. His research interests include political theology, ecumenical theology, Christian theologians and theologies, theology and poetry, the shaping of universities and of the field of theology and religious studies within universities, hermeneutics, and interfaith theology and relations. He is the founding director of the Cambridge Inter-Faith Programme and a co-founder of the Society for Scriptural Reasoning.For was born on 23 January 1948 in Dublin. He was raised as an Anglican in the Church of Ireland in Dublin. His father died when he was 12 years old and he was raised by his mother, Phyllis Mary Elizabeth Ford.
<Julian_Cheung>	Julian Cheung Chi-lam (born 27 August 1971), better known by his stage name Chilam, is a Hong Kong singer and actor. Cheung is popularly known for his role as Guo Jing in the 1994 TV series adaptation of the Wuxia novel, The Legend of the Condor Heroes, and also as Chi-Kin from the TVB drama Cold Blood Warm Heart (1996).Cheung hit instant fame in 1991 with the release of his first single, "A Modern Love Story" with Maple Hui and has since been the only artist that has sold the most copies for a debut album under IFPI. In 1992, Cheung received a TVB Jade Solid Gold award as Best Newcoming Singer (Bronze) for his first album. In 2000, Cheung reap 2 notable awards from TVB for the drama, Return of the Cuckoo.
<Boavista_F.C.>	Boavista Futebol Clube, commonly known as Boavista (Portuguese pronunciation: [boɐˈviʃtɐ]), is a Portuguese sports club from the city of Porto. Founded on 1 August 1903 by British entrepreneurs and Portuguese textile workers (thus the "FC" being appended – the British way as opposed to the more common Portuguese way of being prepended to the club's name), it is one of the oldest clubs in the country and plays in the Primeira Liga, Portuguese football's top flight.Boavista grew to become an important sports club in Portugal, with sections dedicated to several sports including football, chess, gymnastics, bicycle racing, futsal, volleyball, rink hockey and boxing, among others, with the most notable being the football section with their trademark chequered white and black shirts. The club is the most eclectic one in the North region of Portugal, and one of the most eclectic sports clubs in Portugal, practicing a total of 16 sports.[citation needed]
<Jane_Alexander>	Jane Alexander (née Quigley; born October 28, 1939) is an American actress and author. She is the recipient of two Primetime Emmy Awards, a Tony Award, and nominations for four Academy Awards, and three Golden Globe Awards. From 1993 to 1997, Alexander served as the chairwoman of the National Endowment for the Arts.Alexander won the 1969 Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play for her performance in the Broadway production of The Great White Hope. Other Broadway credits include 6 Rms Riv Vu (1972), The Night of the Iguana (1988), The Sisters Rosensweig (1993) and Honour (1998). She has received a total of eight Tony Award nominations and was inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame in 1994.
<John_M._Read>	John Meredith Read Sr. (July 21, 1797 – November 29, 1874) was an American lawyer, jurist, and politician from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He was one of the founders of the Republican Party and chief justice of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court.Read John was born on Chestnut Street across the street from Independence Hall, the eldest son of lawyer John Read and Martha Meredith Read. Both of his grandfathers (George Read and Samuel Meredith) had served in the Continental Congress. After an education at home, Read graduated from the University of Pennsylvania, then read law, and was admitted to the bar in 1818. He started a law practice in Philadelphia.Read began his political career when he was elected to the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1822. He served until 1824 while remaining in the private practice of law. After this he served on the Philadelphia City Council, and for several years was the city's solicitor. Although his family had been Federalists, he became an ardent supporter of the Free Soil wing of the Democratic Party.
<Coat_of_arms_of_Ukraine>	The coat of arms of Ukraine is a blue shield with a gold trident. Officially referred to as the Emblem of the Royal State of Volodymyr the Great, or, colloquially, the tryzub (Ukrainian: тризуб), the insignia derives from the seal-trident of Volodymyr the Great, the first Grand Prince of Kyiv. The small coat of arms was officially adopted on 19 February 1992, while constitutional provisions exist for establishing the great coat of arms, which is not yet officially adopted. The small coat of arms was designed by Andriy Grechylo, Oleksii Kokhan, and Ivan Turetskyi. It appears on the Presidential Standard of Ukraine. Blue-coloured tridents are considered to be an irregular representation by the Ukrainian Heraldry Society. The greater coat of arms which has not been adopted consists of the small coat of arms and the coat of arms of Zaporizhian Host (Constitution of Ukraine, Article 20).The trident was not thought of as a national symbol until 1917, when one of the most prominent Ukrainian historians, Mykhailo Hrushevskyi, proposed to adopt it as a national symbol (alongside other variants, including an arbalest, a bow or a cossack carrying a musket, i.e. images that carried considerable historical and cultural and heraldic significance for Ukraine). On 25 February 1918, the Central Rada (parliament) adopted it as the coat of arms of the short-lived Ukrainian People's Republic.
<Janice_Filmon>	Janice Clare Filmon CM OM (née  Wainwright; born c. 1943) is a Canadian former social worker who served as the 25th lieutenant governor of Manitoba from 2015 to 2022. Her appointment became effective June 19, 2015. She was the viceregal representative of Queen Elizabeth II and King Charles III of Canada in the Province of Manitoba.Filmon was born around 1943. A social worker, philanthropist and community activist, she was made a member of the Order of Canada in 2012 and the Order of Manitoba in 2007. She is the chair of the CancerCare Manitoba Foundation and founder of the A Leadership Initiative in Voluntary Efforts (A.L.I.V.E.) volunteer program. She was born in Winnipeg and was a 1964 graduate from the University of Manitoba with a Bachelor of Science degree in home economics. Her husband is Gary Filmon, a former premier of Manitoba; they have four children.On March 19, 2015, Filmon was appointed by Governor General of Canada David Johnston on the advice of Prime Minister Stephen Harper to be the next Lieutenant Governor of Manitoba, replacing Philip S. Lee. As the viceregal representative in Manitoba, she was styled "Her Honour" while in office and will have the right to the style "the Honourable" for life.
<Stephen_Moorbath>	Stephen Erwin Moorbath FRS (9 May 1929–16 October 2016) was a British geochronologist. He set up (1956–58) and then directed the Geological Age and Isotope Research Group at the University of Oxford, before retiring.Moorbath and his collaborators demonstrated the great gap between Scourian (2,600 million years old) and Laxfordian (1,600 million years old) gneisses in northwest Scotland. He established the basic mineral age pattern of the Scottish and Irish Caledonides (420–450 million years old) and interpreted it as a cooling-uplift interval. He also pioneered lead isotope studies of ancient gneisses, showing that much of the Lewisian existed over 2,900 million years ago. Stephen dated the oldest rocks yet known on the Earth (more than 3,800 million years old) from west Greenland, and applied the rubidium–strontium method to date Torridonian sediments. In addition, he elucidated the complex history of British and Scandinavian lead ores, and showed that the Tertiary acid magmas of Skye are re-melted Lewisian gneisses (more than 3,000 million years old) whereas those of Iceland are of mantle origin.
<Mark_Oaten>	Mark Oaten (born 8 March 1964) is a British politician who was a senior member of the Liberal Democrats. He served as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Winchester from 1997 to 2010.Born in Watford, Hertfordshire, Oaten became a councillor in local government, joining the centre-left Social Democratic Party, which merged with the Liberal Party to form the Liberal Democrats in 1988. He became the party's Home Affairs spokesman in 2003. He stood for the position of Leader of the Liberal Democrats in 2006, but withdrew from the contest he was later hit by a series of scandals which also led to his resignation as Home Affairs spokesman. He did not seek re-election to the House of Commons at the 2010 general election.
<The_Navy_Lark>	The Navy Lark is a radio sitcom about life aboard a British Royal Navy frigate named HMS Troutbridge (a play on HMS Troubridge, a Royal Navy destroyer) based in HMNB Portsmouth. In series 1 and 2, the ship and crew were stationed offshore at an unnamed location known simply as "The Island". In series 2 this island was revealed to be owned by Lt. Cdr. Stanton.The programme was transmitted on the BBC Light Programme and subsequently BBC Radio 2. It was produced by Alastair Scott Johnston.
<Battle_Cry_of_Freedom_(book)>	Battle Cry of Freedom: The Civil War Era is a Pulitzer Prize-winning work on the American Civil War, published in 1988, by James M. McPherson. It is the sixth volume of the Oxford History of the United States series. An abridged, illustrated version of the book was published in 2003.Battle Cry of Freedom covers two decades, the period from the outbreak of the Mexican–American War to the Civil War's ending at Appomattox. Thus, it examined the Civil War era, not just the war, as it combined the social, military and political events of the period within a single narrative framework. Historian Hugh Brogan, reviewing the book, commends McPherson for initially describing "the republic at midcentury" as "a divided society, certainly, and a violent one, but not one in which so appalling a phenomenon as civil war is likely. So it must have seemed to most Americans at the time. Slowly, slowly the remote possibility became horrible actuality; and Mr. McPherson sees to it that it steals up on his readers in the same way."A central concern of this work is the multiple interpretations of freedom. In an interview, McPherson claimed: "Both sides in the Civil War professed to be fighting for the same 'freedoms' established by the American Revolution and the Constitution their forefathers fought for in the Revolution—individual freedom, democracy, a republican form of government, majority rule, free elections, etc. For Southerners, the Revolution was a war of secession from the tyranny of the British Empire, just as their war was a war of secession from Yankee tyranny. For Northerners, their fight was to sustain the government established by the Constitution with its guaranties of rights and liberties."
<S.C._Salgueiros>	Sport Comércio e Salgueiros (Portuguese pronunciation: [sɨˈpɔɾ kuˈmɛɾsi.u i salˈɣɐjɾuʃ]), commonly known as simply Salgueiros, is a Portuguese multi-sports club from the city of Porto, in the northern region of the country.Founded on 8 December 1911, in the parish of Paranhos, it is mostly known for its football team. It plays in the Porto Football Association Elite Division, which is the fourth tier of Portuguese football. Although they are based in Paranhos, they currently play their home matches at neighbor parish of Campanhã at the Complexo Desportivo de Campanhã which can accommodate 1,000 spectators.
<Salem_Prize>	The Salem Prize, in memory of Raphael Salem, is awarded each year to young researchers for outstanding contributions to the field of analysis. It is awarded by the School of Mathematics at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton  and was founded by the widow of Raphael Salem in his memory. The prize is considered highly prestigious and many Fields Medalists previously received it. The prize was 5000 French Francs in 1990.(Note: a F symbol denotes mathematicians who later earned a Fields Medal).
<John_Chanter>	John Moore Chanter (11 February 1845 – 9 March 1931) was an Australian politician, farmer and commission agent. He was a member of the Protectionist Party, as well as the Australian Labor Party and the Nationalist Party of Australia.Chanter was born in Adelaide, South Australia, and was the son of John Chanter and Elizabeth née Moore. He was educated at the Albert House Academy and the Collegiate School of St Peter in Adelaide, as well as at the Model Training Institution when his family relocated to Melbourne in 1856. Chanter was a storekeeper and farmer and in 1878, he became the first secretary of the Victorian Farmers' Union.
<William_Travilla>	William Travilla (March 22, 1920 – November 2, 1990), known professionally as Travilla, was an American costume designer for theatre, film, and television. He is perhaps best known for designing costumes for Marilyn Monroe in eight of her films, as well as two of the most iconic dresses in cinematic history.Travilla was born and raised in Los Angeles. During adolescence, became interested in art and enrolled at Chouinard Art Institute in Los Angeles. When Travilla was sixteen, he began to frequent burlesque clubs in order to design the dancers' costumes. He sold pencil sketches of costume designs to the showgirls. After inheriting $5,000 from his grandfather, Travilla used the money to travel. He spent a year in the South Seas and Tahiti, an area which influenced his art work and designs. After being designated 4F due to flat feet, Travilla enrolled at Woodbury University where he studied fashion designing. He graduated in 1941.
<Malcolm_Williams_(actor)>	Malcolm Williams (July 16, 1870 in Spring Valley, Minnesota – June 10, 1937 in New York, New York) was an American actor and composer.By February 1896 he had moved to New York City and played Phillip Norwood in Charles Dazey's melodrama The War of Wealth on Broadway at the Star Theatre. The play was inspired by the Panic of 1893. In the 1900 census he was listed as a resident of the Ashland House Hotel on Park Avenue South (4th Ave. then) and 24th St. in New York City.Malcolm Edgar Williams was the son of John H. and Sarah Williams. Malcolm married actress Florence Reed in February 1908. They often appeared in Broadway shows together and sometimes collaborated writing music. They had no children.
<Edward_Sassoon>	Sir Edward Albert Sassoon, 2nd Baronet (20 June 1856 – 24 May 1912) was a British businessman and politician.A member of the Sassoon family, he was born on 20 June 1856 in Bombay, India. He was the son of Hannah Moise and Albert Abdullah David Sassoon (1818–1896). He graduated from the University of London. He served as a major in the Middlesex Yeomanry (Duke of Cambridge's Hussars).He was elected as the Liberal Unionist Party Member of Parliament (MP) for Hythe in March 1899. Active in Jewish community affairs, he served as a vice-president of Jews' College, London and the Anglo-Jewish Association.
<Dimension_Films>	Dimension Films is an American film production company owned by Lantern Entertainment. It was formerly used as Harvey and Bob Weinstein's label within Miramax, which was acquired by The Walt Disney Company on June 30, 1993, to produce and release independent films and genre titles, specifically horror and science fiction films.The Weinsteins took the Dimension label with them when they separated from Miramax on October 1, 2005 and paired it under their new company, The Weinstein Company. Dimension Films was one of the American "mini-majors", i.e. small to medium independent television and motion picture production studios.
<Liberal_Party_(UK)>	The Liberal Party was one of the two major political parties in the United Kingdom, along with the Conservative Party, in the 19th and early 20th centuries. Beginning as an alliance of Whigs, free trade–supporting Peelites and reformist Radicals in the 1850s, by the end of the 19th century it had formed four governments under William Gladstone. Despite being divided over the issue of Irish Home Rule, the party returned to government in 1905 and won a landslide victory in the 1906 general election.Under prime ministers Henry Campbell-Bannerman (1905–1908) and H. H. Asquith (1908–1916), the Liberal Party passed reforms that created a basic welfare state.  Although Asquith was the party leader, its dominant figure was David Lloyd George. Asquith was overwhelmed by the wartime role of coalition prime minister and Lloyd George replaced him in late 1916, but Asquith remained as Liberal Party leader. The split between Lloyd George's breakaway faction and Asquith's official Liberal Party badly weakened the party.
<108_North_State_Street>	108 North State Street, also known as Block 37, is a development located in the Loop community area of downtown Chicago, Illinois. It is located on the square block bounded clockwise from the North by West Randolph Street, North State Street, West Washington Street and North Dearborn Street that is known as "Block 37", which was its designated number as one of the original 58 blocks of the city.  Above-ground redevelopment is complete, but work stopped on an underground public transit station when the station were only partially complete.The previous buildings on the block were demolished in 1989 for a hotly contested redevelopment plan under the then new Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley. The debates included the demolition of the Chicago Landmark McCarthy Building, which proceeded after the Illinois Supreme Court decided private preservation groups did not have standing to challenge the city's decision.
<London>	London is the capital and largest city of England and the United Kingdom, with a population of just under 9 million. It stands on the River Thames in south-east England at the head of a 50-mile (80 km) estuary down to the North Sea, and has been a major settlement for two millennia. The City of London, its ancient core and financial centre, was founded by the Romans as Londinium and retains its medieval boundaries. The City of Westminster, to the west of the City of London, has for centuries hosted the national government and parliament.  Since the 19th century, the name "London" has also referred to the metropolis around this core, historically split between the counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, Kent, and Hertfordshire, which largely comprises Greater London, governed by the Greater London Authority.As one of the world's major global cities, London exerts a strong influence on its arts, entertainment, fashion, commerce and finance, education, health care, media, science and technology, tourism, and transport and communications. Its GDP (€801.66 billion in 2017) makes it the largest urban economy in Europe, and it is one of the major financial centres in the world. With Europe's largest concentration of higher education institutions, it is home to some of the highest-ranked academic institutions in the world—Imperial College London in natural and applied sciences, the London School of Economics in social sciences, and the comprehensive University College London. London is the most visited city in Europe and has the busiest city airport system in the world. The London Underground is the oldest rapid transit system in the world. London is home to the most 5-star hotels of any city.
<Claude_R._Kirk_Jr.>	Claude Roy Kirk Jr. (January 7, 1926 – September 28, 2011) was the 36th governor of the U.S. state of Florida (1967–1971). He was the first Republican governor of Florida since Reconstruction.Kirk was born in San Bernardino, California. Claude R. Kirk Jr.'s father, Claude Kirk Sr. was a businessperson and later a governmental official in Alabama and Florida. He lived in Chicago, Illinois, and Montgomery, Alabama, where he attended Sidney Lanier High School. After graduating at age seventeen, he enlisted in the U.S. Marine Corps reserve and rose to the rank of second lieutenant, having served stateside during World War II. He briefly attended Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, before he transferred to Duke University in Durham, North Carolina, where he earned a Bachelor of Science degree. Kirk was accepted at the University of Alabama School of Law in Tuscaloosa and graduated in 1949. He was recalled to the Marines for the Korean War and was initially assigned to the 1st Marine Division. He later served aboard the battleship USS New Jersey and was discharged as a first lieutenant in 1952.
<Larry_Hogan>	Lawrence Joseph Hogan Jr. (born May 25, 1956) is an American politician and businessman serving as the 62nd governor of Maryland since 2015. A moderate member of the Republican Party, he was secretary of appointments under Maryland governor Bob Ehrlich from 2003 to 2007. Hogan chaired the National Governors Association from 2019 to 2020.Hogan ran unsuccessful campaigns for Maryland's 5th congressional district in 1981 and 1992, the latter of which was incumbent Steny Hoyer's closest race. Hogan founded the Change Maryland organization in 2011, which he used to promote his 2014 gubernatorial campaign. Hogan became governor in 2015 and was reelected in 2018.
<Nick_Holonyak>	Nick Holonyak Jr. (/hʌlɒnjæk/ huh-LON-yak; November 3, 1928 – September 18, 2022) was an American engineer and educator. He is noted particularly for his 1962 invention and first demonstration of a semiconductor laser diode that emitted visible light. This device was the forerunner of the first generation of commercial light-emitting diodes (LEDs). He was then working at a General Electric Company research laboratory near Syracuse, New York. He left General Electric in 1963 and returned to his alma mater, the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, where he later became John Bardeen Endowed Chair in Electrical and Computer Engineering and Physics.Nick Holonyak Jr. was born in Zeigler, Illinois, on November 3, 1928. His parents were Rusyn immigrants. His father worked in a coal mine. Holonyak was the first member of his family to receive any type of formal schooling.  He once worked 30 straight hours on the Illinois Central Railroad before realizing that a life of hard labor was not what he wanted and he would prefer to go to school instead. According to a Chicago Tribune article in 2003, "The cheap and reliable semiconductor lasers critical to DVD players, bar code readers and scores of other devices owe their existence in some small way to the demanding workload thrust upon Downstate railroad crews decades ago."
<Perth_Glory_FC>	Perth Glory Football Club is an Australian professional soccer club based in Perth, Western Australia. It competes in the country's premier men's competition, A-League Men, under licence from Australian Professional Leagues.Founded in 1995, Perth Glory is one of three A-League clubs to survive from the now-defunct National Soccer League (NSL), playing their debut match in this competition in October 1996 for the 1996–97 season. Perth established itself as a major side within Australian soccer in the final seasons of this league, with managers Bernd Stange and Mich d'Avray leading the club to three league Premierships and two Championships from four grand final appearances within a five-season period. Since entering the A-League as one of the eight original teams in 2004, the club has won a further Premiership and appeared in two more grand finals under the management of Tony Popovic and Ian Ferguson. The club has also appeared in the AFC Champions League once and appeared in two Australia Cup finals and two A-League Pre-Season Challenge Cup finals.
<Progressive_Party_(Brazil)>	Progressistas (lit. 'Progressives'; PP) is a centre-right to right-wing political party in Brazil. Founded in 1995 as the Brazilian Progressive Party, it emerged from parties that were successors to ARENA, the ruling party of the Brazilian military dictatorship. A pragmatist party, it supported the governments of presidents Fernando Henrique Cardoso, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, Dilma Rousseff, and Michel Temer. Largely it was the party of the politics of Paulo Maluf, a former governor and mayor of São Paulo. Of all political parties, in corruption investigation Operation Car Wash, the Progressistas had the most convictions.The party in recent years had fully embraced the right. In the 2018 Brazilian general election, the party supported the candidacy of Geraldo Alckmin. After the election, although they remained neutral in the second round, the party has almost fully supported the policies of Jair Bolsonaro, supporting his candidacy for president in 2022 and voting with him 93% of the time.Founded in 1995, as Brazilian Progressive Party (PPB), by the union of:
<Shuki_Levy>	Shuki Levy (Hebrew: שוקי לוי; born June 3, 1947) is an Israeli-American music composer and television producer. Levy's best known work is soundtrack compositions for children's television programs of the 1980s, such as The Real Ghostbusters, Inspector Gadget, The Mysterious Cities of Gold, M.A.S.K., Dinosaucers, He-Man and the Masters of the Universe, She-Ra: Princess of Power, and Jayce and the Wheeled Warriors. In the 1990s, he became known chiefly for his work on the Power Rangers franchise, Digimon: Digital Monsters, Masked Rider, VR Troopers, and Big Bad Beetleborgs. He has also written and directed numerous episodes for some these television shows, and directed a few films, such as Eye of Doom (1987), Perfect Victims (1988) and Blind Vision (1991). He was also part of a musical duo known as Shuky & Aviva (alternatively Shuki & Aviva) with his partner Aviva Paz.Levy was born in British Mandate of Palestine (now Israel) in 1947. His father was an Ashkenazi Jew originally from Ukraine, and his mother of Sephardic Jewish origin.
<London_Necropolis_Company>	The London Necropolis Company (LNC), formally the London Necropolis & National Mausoleum Company until 1927, was a cemetery operator established by Act of Parliament in 1852 in reaction to the crisis caused by the closure of London's graveyards in 1851. The LNC intended to establish a single cemetery large enough to accommodate all of London's future burials in perpetuity. The company's founders recognised that the recently invented technology of the railway provided the ability to conduct burials a long distance from populated areas, mitigating concerns over public health risks from living near burial sites. Accordingly, the company bought a very large tract of land in Brookwood, Surrey, around 25 miles (40 km) from London, and converted a portion of it into Brookwood Cemetery. A dedicated railway line, the London Necropolis Railway, linked the new cemetery to the city.Financial mismanagement and internal disputes led to delays in the project. By the time Brookwood Cemetery opened in late 1854, a number of other cemeteries had opened nearer to London or were in the process of opening. While some parishes in London did arrange for the LNC to handle the burials of their dead, many preferred to use nearer cemeteries. The LNC had anticipated handling between 10,000 and 50,000 burials per year, but the number never rose above 4,100 per year, and in its first 150 years of operations only 231,730 burials had been conducted. Buying the land for Brookwood Cemetery and building the cemetery and railway had been very expensive, and by the time the cemetery opened the LNC was already on the verge of bankruptcy. The LNC remained solvent by selling surplus parts of its land, but as the land had been chosen in the first place for its remoteness, sales were low.
<Andriy_Shevchenko>	Andriy Mykolayovych Shevchenko, or Andrii Mykolaiovych Shevchenko (Ukrainian: Андрій Миколайович Шевченко, pronounced [ɐnˈd⁽ʲ⁾r⁽ʲ⁾ij mɪkoˈlɑjowɪtʃ ʃeu̯ˈtʃɛnko]; born 29 September 1976) is a Ukrainian football manager, a former professional football player and a former politician. Shevchenko played as a striker for Dynamo Kyiv, AC Milan, Chelsea and the Ukraine national team. He was head coach of Serie A club Genoa. Shevchenko became the Vice President of the National Olympic Committee of Ukraine on the 17th of November 2022.Shevchenko is considered one of the most lethal strikers to ever play the game. He is ranked as the seventh top goalscorer in all European competitions with 67 goals. With a tally of 175 goals scored for Milan, he is the second most prolific player in the history of the club, and is also the all-time top scorer of the Derby della Madonnina (the derby between Milan and their local rivals Inter Milan) with 14 goals. Furthermore, he is the all-time top scorer for the Ukrainian national team with 48 goals.
<John_F._Shafroth>	John Franklin Shafroth (June 9, 1854 – February 20, 1922) was an American politician who served as a representative, member of the United States Senate, and Governor of Colorado.Born in Fayette, Missouri, he attended the common schools and graduated from the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor in 1875. He studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1876 and began practice in Fayette. He moved to Denver, Colorado, in 1879 and continued the practice of law. Beginning in 1889, one of the attorneys he practiced in partnership with for several years was Charles W. Waterman, later a US Senator.His son, John F. Shafroth Jr., later a vice admiral in the US Navy during World War II, was born on 31 March 1887.
<FBK_Kaunas>	Kauno futbolo ir beisbolo klubas, commonly known as FBK Kaunas, was a Lithuanian football club from the city of Kaunas.Originally the team was founded in 1960 as Banga Kaunas and played its first three years in the Soviet First League. Afterwards the club decided to play in the Lithuanian SSR Championship and they did so until 1990. In that period they won two Lithuanian SSR Championship's. One in 1986 and another in 1989. When Lithuania regained independence in 1991 A Lyga was created and they played as Banga Kaunas until 1993 before the club changed its name.The club changed its name in 1993 to Kauno futbolo beisbolo klubas. The club had in its first years not such a great success and FBK Kaunas had to wait until 1999 before they could lift a trophy again. Club was shortly renamed to Žalgiris Kaunas after the 9th round of 1999 A Lyga, but only carried the name for the remaining of the season. From 1999 to 2008, Kaunas won 8 championships, 4 Lithuanian cups, 3 super cups and 1 Baltic league title, but in the autumn of 2008 Kaunas dominance was once and for all broken when FK Ekranas won the championship in front of FBK Kaunas. After finishing second in 2008 A Lyga  championship the club's president announced that the club were being demoted from the A Lyga in favour of LFF I Lyga, the 2nd tier of Lithuanian football system, but as conflict with LFF intensified, FBK Kaunas was relegated to LFF II lyga (consisting of amateur teams).
<Brooke_Burke>	Brooke Lisa Burke (born September 8, 1971) is an American television personality, fitness personality, author, actress, and businesswoman. She is known for hosting the E! Network travel show Wild On! (1999–2002), CBS' Rock Star (2005–2006), and TV Lands' She's Got the Look (2010). After winning the seventh season of Dancing with the Stars, Burke served as co-hostess of the show from season ten to season seventeen (2010–2013). In 2017, Burke launched "Brooke Burke Body", a fitness app with workout videos featuring her.Brooke Lisa Burke was born in Hartford, Connecticut and raised in Tucson, Arizona, the younger of two siblings born to Donna and George Burke. Her mother is of half Portuguese background; she was adopted and then raised Jewish. Her father is of Irish and French descent and left the family when she was two years old. She was thereafter raised by her Armenian stepfather in her mother's Jewish faith. She is raising her children Jewish, although she also celebrates Christmas.
<Canada_men's_national_soccer_team>	The Canada men's national soccer team (French: Équipe du Canada de soccer masculin) represents Canada in international soccer competitions since 1924. They are overseen by the Canadian Soccer Association, the governing body for soccer in Canada. They have been a member of FIFA since 1948 and a member of CONCACAF since 1961.Their most significant achievements are winning the 1985 CONCACAF Championship to qualify for the 1986 FIFA World Cup and winning the 2000 CONCACAF Gold Cup to qualify for the 2001 FIFA Confederations Cup. Canada is the only national team to win a Gold Cup aside from regional powerhouses Mexico and the United States. Canada also won a gold medal in the 1904 Summer Olympics. Canada participated in its second World Cup in 2022, and will co-host, along with the United States and Mexico, the 2026 FIFA World Cup.
<Sarah_Kane>	Sarah Kane (3 February 1971 – 20 February 1999) was an English playwright, screenwriter and theatre director. She is known for her plays that deal with themes of redemptive love, sexual desire, pain, torture—both physical and psychological—and death. They are characterised by a poetic intensity, pared-down language, exploration of theatrical form and, in her earlier work, the use of extreme and violent stage action.Kane herself and scholars of her work, such as Graham Saunders, have identified some of her inspirations as expressionist theatre and Jacobean tragedy. The critic Aleks Sierz saw her work as part of a confrontational style and sensibility of drama termed "in-yer-face theatre". Sierz originally called Kane "the quintessential in-yer-face writer of the [1990s]" but later remarked in 2009 that although he initially "thought she was very typical of the new writing of the middle 1990s. The further we get away from that in time, the more un-typical she seems to be".
<Leland_H._Hartwell>	Leland Harrison (Lee) Hartwell (born October 30, 1939 in Los Angeles, California) is former president and director of the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle, Washington. He shared the 2001 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Paul Nurse and Tim Hunt, for their discoveries of protein molecules that control the division (duplication) of cells.Working in yeast, Hartwell identified the fundamental role of checkpoints in cell cycle control, and CDC genes such as CDC28, which controls the start of the cycle—the progression through G1.
<Lucy_Shapiro>	Lucy Shapiro  (born July 16, 1940, New York City) is an American developmental biologist.  She is a professor of Developmental Biology at the Stanford University School of Medicine.  She is the Virginia and D.K. Ludwig Professor of Cancer Research and the director of the Beckman Center for Molecular and Genetic Medicine.Shapiro founded a new field in developmental biology, using microorganisms to examine fundamental questions in developmental biology.  Her work has furthered understanding of the basis of stem cell function and the generation of biological diversity. Her ideas have revolutionized understanding of bacterial genetic networks and helped researchers to develop novel drugs to fight antibiotic resistance and emerging infectious diseases.  In 2013, Shapiro was presented with the 2011 National Medal of Science. for "her pioneering discovery that the bacterial cell is controlled by an integrated genetic circuit functioning in time and space that serves as a systems engineering paradigm underlying cell differentiation and ultimately the generation of diversity in all organisms."Lucy Shapiro was born in Brooklyn, New York City, the eldest of three daughters. Her mother was an elementary school teacher and her father, a Ukrainian immigrant. She attended New York City's High School of Music and Arts with a major in Fine Arts.
<Beirut>	Beirut is the capital and largest city  of  Lebanon. As of 2014[update], Greater Beirut has a population of 2.5 million, which makes it the third-largest city in the Levant region. The city is situated on a peninsula at the midpoint of Lebanon's Mediterranean coast. Beirut has been inhabited for more than 5,000 years, and was one of Phoenicia's most prominent city states, making it one of the oldest cities in the world (see Berytus). The first historical mention of Beirut is found in the Amarna letters from the New Kingdom of Egypt, which date to the 14th century BC.Beirut is Lebanon's seat of government and plays a central role in the Lebanese economy, with many banks and corporations based in the city. Beirut is an important seaport for the country and region, and rated a Beta + World City by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network. Beirut was severely damaged by the Lebanese Civil War, the 2006 Lebanon War, and the 2020 massive explosion in the Port of Beirut. Its cultural landscape underwent major reconstruction.
<Alexander_Hay_(Australian_politician)>	Alexander Hay (8 January 1865 – 8 May 1941) was a New Zealand-born Australian pastoralist, businessman and politician. He was a member of the Australian House of Representatives from 1919 to 1922, representing the electorate of New England for the Nationalist Party (1919–1920), Country Party (1920–1921) and as an independent (1921–1922).Hay was born at Parua Bay in New Zealand and was educated at Auckland Grammar School. He migrated to Australia in 1893 and visited England for the purposes of importing cattle in 1894. His brother, Sir John Hay, had inherited the substantial Berry Estate and Coolangatta Estate following the death of his cousin, David Berry, and in 1895 Alexander Hay joined his brother in managing the estates. They undertook a significant development project which saw about 400 freeholders settled onto the land, while retaining the Coolangatta Homestead as their own. Along with his brother, he was heavily involved in the development of the Berry Central Butter Factory. Hay subsequently undertook successful investments in pastoral properties in Queensland, which he in turn invested into mining concerns in New South Wales, including the Mount Royal Copper Mine, and rubber interests in the Territory of Papua.
<Fininvest>	Finanziaria d'investimento Fininvest S.p.A., known as Fininvest S.p.A., is an Italian holding company controlled by the Berlusconi family and managed by Silvio Berlusconi's eldest daughter Marina Berlusconi.The Fininvest group is composed of a number of companies, such as Arnoldo Mondadori Editore (one of Italy's leading publishing companies), Teatro Manzoni (a theatre in Milan), Alba Servizi Aerotrasporti (a private jet company) and Fininvest Gestione Servizi.Fininvest is the largest shareholder of MFE - MediaForEurope, which is currently the biggest private entertainment competitor in Italy, owning three channels in Italy (Canale 5, Italia 1, Rete 4), two in Spain, the film production company Medusa Film, a digital TV broadcasting network, and many other companies related to TV broadcasting. The deal to sell Mediaset Premium collapsed in 2016.
<Home_Depot_Coach_of_the_Year_Award>	The Coach of the Year Award is given annually to college football's top head coach. The award for the Division I Football Bowl Subdivision is selected by ESPN and ABC college football analysts. Brian Kelly is the only coach to have been awarded multiple times.This college football-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Henny_Backus>	Henny Backus (born Henrietta Kaye, March 21, 1911 – December 9, 2004) was a Broadway showgirl in the 1930s whose stage credits include Orson Welles's Horse Eats Hat. She was the wife of actor and comedian Jim  Backus.Henrietta Kaye was born in Brooklyn on March 21, 1911. She studied sculpture at Cooper Union, but she preferred working in the theater and appeared in Broadway musicals during the 1930s.[citation needed] She had the role of Bee in the Broadway play Chrysalis (1932). Working as Henriette Kaye, she was a member of the Federal Theatre Project. Described by The New York Times as "a leggy redhead with a droll sense of humor", she appeared in Orson Welles's Project 891 production Horse Eats Hat (1936), a surrealistic farce co-starring Welles, Joseph Cotten, Hiram Sherman and Arlene Francis. Her husband, Nat Karson, designed the sets and costumes.
<Richard_Dawkins>	Richard Dawkins FRS FRSL (born 26 March 1941) is a British evolutionary biologist and author. He is an emeritus fellow of New College, Oxford and was Professor for Public Understanding of Science in the University of Oxford from 1995 to 2008. An atheist, he is well known for his criticism of creationism and intelligent design.Dawkins first came to prominence with his 1976 book The Selfish Gene, which popularised the gene-centred view of evolution and introduced the term meme. With his book The Extended Phenotype (1982), he introduced into evolutionary biology the influential concept that the phenotypic effects of a gene are not necessarily limited to an organism's body, but can stretch far into the environment, for example, when a beaver builds a dam. His 2004 The Ancestor's Tale set out to make understanding evolution simple for the general public, by tracing common ancestors back from humans to the origins of life.
<Hampton_Roads_Conference>	President Abraham LincolnVice President Alexander H. StephensAssistant Secretary of War John A. Campbell
<Daiei>	The Daiei, Inc. (株式会社ダイエー, Kabushiki gaisha Daiē), based in Kobe, is one of the largest supermarket chains in Japan. In 1957, Isao Nakauchi founded the chain in Osaka near Sembayashi Station on the Keihan train line.[citation needed] Daiei is now under a restructuring process supported by Marubeni Corporation and ÆON Co., Ltd., another Japanese supermarket chain. Daiei Inc. runs more than 3,000 stores under the Daiei name as well as through its subsidiaries.In addition to groceries, Daiei is also a department store, selling electronics, home furnishings, and clothes. In terms of net sales, Daiei was formerly the largest retailer in Japan. However, total sales declined by nearly a quarter in the five years leading up to 2003.[citation needed]The retail chain expanded rapidly in the 1970s and 1980s. Also, stronger sales from competitors such as Ito-Yokado, ÆON, and other regional supermarket chains have hurt Daiei's sales record in recent years.[citation needed]As a part of the series of bootstrap restructuring efforts to avoid filing for IRCJ (Industrial Revitalization Corporation of Japan) support, the company sold its baseball team, the Fukuoka Daiei Hawks, which it purchased from Nankai Railway in 1988 to SoftBank, on January 27, 2005 and the company's Hawaii stores in 2006 to Don Quijote Co., Ltd. Through the process of debt restructuring and support given by financial institutions in coordination with IRCJ, the company has been acquired by IRCJ, Marubeni Corporation (a trading company) and Advantage Partners (a private equity house) in 2005.[citation needed]
<Chespirito>	Roberto Gómez Bolaños (21 February 1929 – 28 November 2014), more commonly known by his stage name Chespirito, or "Little Shakespeare", was a Mexican actor, comedian, screenwriter, humorist, director, producer, and author. He is widely regarded as one of the icons of Spanish-speaking humor and entertainment and one of the greatest comedians of all time. He is also one of the most loved and respected comedians in Latin America. He is mostly known by his acting role Chavo from the sitcom El Chavo del 8.He is recognized all over the planet for writing, directing, and starring in the Chespirito (1970–1973, 1980–1995), El Chavo del Ocho (1973–1980), and El Chapulín Colorado (1973–1979) television series. The character of El Chavo is one of the most iconic in the history of Latin American television, and El Chavo del Ocho continues to be immensely popular, with daily worldwide viewership averaging 91 million viewers.
<Woody_Allen>	Heywood "Woody" Allen (born Allan Stewart Konigsberg; November 30, 1935) is an American film director, writer, actor, and comedian whose career spans more than six decades and multiple Academy Award-winning films. He began his career writing material for television in the 1950s, mainly Your Show of Shows (1950–1954) working alongside Mel Brooks, Carl Reiner, Larry Gelbart, and Neil Simon. He also published several books featuring short stories and wrote humor pieces for The New Yorker. In the early 1960s, he performed as a stand-up comedian in Greenwich Village alongside Lenny Bruce, Elaine May, Mike Nichols, and Joan Rivers. There he developed a monologue style (rather than traditional jokes) and the persona of an insecure, intellectual, fretful nebbish. He released three comedy albums during the mid to late 1960s, earning a Grammy Award for Best Comedy Album nomination for his 1964 comedy album entitled simply Woody Allen. In 2004, Comedy Central ranked Allen fourth on a list of the 100 greatest stand-up comedians, while a UK survey ranked Allen the third-greatest comedian.By the mid-1960s, Allen was writing and directing films, first specializing in slapstick comedies such as Take the Money and Run (1969), Bananas (1971), Sleeper (1973), and Love and Death (1975), before moving into dramatic material influenced by European art cinema during the late 1970s with Interiors (1978), Manhattan (1979), and Stardust Memories (1980), and alternating between comedies and dramas to the present. Allen is often identified as part of the New Hollywood wave of filmmakers of the mid-1960s to late 1970s such as Martin Scorsese, Robert Altman, and Sidney Lumet. He often stars in his films, typically in the persona he developed as a standup. His film Annie Hall (1977), a romantic comedy featuring Allen and his frequent collaborator Diane Keaton, won four Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Original Screenplay, and Best Actress for Keaton. Critics have called his work from the 1980s his most developed period with films such as Zelig (1983), Broadway Danny Rose (1984), The Purple Rose of Cairo (1985), Hannah and Her Sisters (1986), Radio Days (1987), and Crimes and Misdemeanors (1989). In the 21st century, many of Allen's films were shot in Europe, including Match Point (2005), Vicky Cristina Barcelona (2008), Midnight in Paris (2011), and To Rome with Love (2012), returning to America with Blue Jasmine (2013), Cafe Society (2016), and A Rainy Day in New York (2018).
<Two_Women_(novel)>	Two Women (original title in Italian: La Ciociara) is a 1957 Italian-language novel by Alberto Moravia. It tells the story of a woman trying to protect her teenaged daughter from the horrors of war.  When both are raped, the daughter suffers a nervous breakdown.The 1960 film adaptation starred Sophia Loren and earned her the Academy Award.A daughter and her mother fight to survive in Rome during the Second World War. Cesira, a widowed Roman shopkeeper, and Rosetta, a naive teenager of beauty and devout faith.
<Robert_Wyler>	Robert Wyler (September 25, 1900 – January 17, 1971) was a Swiss-American film producer and associate producer. He was the older brother of film director William Wyler and a nephew of Universal Studios head Carl Laemmle.Wyler was born in Mülhausen, Alsace, Germany (now Mulhouse, Haut-Rhin, France). His first credit was as a producer in 1928, and he made several unsuccessful attempts at directing in the early 1930s.
<Football_Academy>	Football Academy is a football game released in 2009 for the Nintendo DS.The game begins with the player creating a new football team under the supervision of former Chelsea Football Club manager Luiz Felipe Scolari, who in the game serves as the "Academy Master". After demonstrating knowledge of the sport and building a team, players can enter their team in matches against real European teams, the results of which are statistically determined.The game includes 14 minigames, "Football IQ" assessments, player collection, team building, and interactive matches. Players can also play matches and trade players with one another over Wi-Fi.
<Jeanette_MacDonald>	Jeanette Anna MacDonald (June 18, 1903 – January 14, 1965) was an American singer and actress best remembered for her musical films of the 1930s with Maurice Chevalier (The Love Parade, Love Me Tonight, The Merry Widow and One Hour With You) and Nelson Eddy (Naughty Marietta, Rose-Marie, and Maytime). During the 1930s and 1940s she starred in 29 feature films, four nominated for Best Picture Oscars (The Love Parade, One Hour with You, Naughty Marietta and San Francisco), and recorded extensively, earning three gold records. She later appeared in opera, concerts, radio, and television. MacDonald was one of the most influential sopranos of the 20th century, introducing opera to film-going audiences and inspiring a generation of singers.MacDonald was born Jeannette Anna McDonald on June 18, 1903, at her family's Philadelphia home at 5123 Arch Street. She was the youngest of the three daughters of Anna May (née Wright) and Daniel McDonald, a factory foreman and a salesman for a contracting household building company, respectively, and the younger sister of character actress Blossom Rock (born Edith McDonald), who was most famous as "Grandmama" on the 1960s TV series The Addams Family. She was of Scottish, English, and Dutch descent. The extra N in her given name was later dropped for simplicity's sake, and A added to her surname to emphasize her Scottish heritage. She began dancing lessons with local dance instructor Caroline Littlefield, mother of American ballerina/choreographer Catherine Littlefield, when very young, performing in juvenile operas, recitals, and shows staged by Littlefield around the city, including at the Academy of Music.  She later took lessons with Al White and began touring in his kiddie shows, heading his "Six Little Song Birds" in Philadelphia at the age of nine.
<D_(programming_language)>	GDC, D, also known as dlang, is a multi-paradigm system programming language created by Walter Bright at Digital Mars and released in 2001. Andrei Alexandrescu joined the design and development effort in 2007. Though it originated as a re-engineering of C++, D is a profoundly different language —features of D can be considered streamlined and expanded-upon ideas from C++, however D also draws inspiration from other high-level programming languages, notably Java, Python, Ruby, C#, and Eiffel.
<Jacob_Bekenstein>	Jacob David Bekenstein (Hebrew: יעקב בקנשטיין; May 1, 1947 – August 16, 2015) was an American and Israeli theoretical physicist who made fundamental contributions to the foundation of black hole thermodynamics and to other aspects of the connections between information and gravitation.Jacob Bekenstein was born in Mexico City to Joseph and Esther (née Vladaslavotsky), Polish Jews who immigrated to Mexico. He moved to the United States during his early life, gaining U.S. citizenship in 1968. He was also a citizen of Israel.
<Cape_Canaveral_Air_Force_Station>	Cape Canaveral Space Force Station (CCSFS) is an installation of the United States Space Force's Space Launch Delta 45, located on Cape Canaveral in Brevard County, Florida.Headquartered at the nearby Patrick Space Force Base, the station is the primary launch site for the Space Force's Eastern Range with three launch pads currently active (Space Launch Complexes 37B, 40, and 41). The facility is south-southeast of NASA's Kennedy Space Center on adjacent Merritt Island, with the two linked by bridges and causeways. The Cape Canaveral Space Force Station Skid Strip provides a 10,000-foot (3,000 m) runway close to the launch complexes for military airlift aircraft delivering heavy and outsized payloads to the Cape.
<Ted_Collins_(manager)>	Ted Collins (October 12, 1900 – May 27, 1964) was an American show business manager, best known for managing singer and TV show star Kate Smith, (1907–1986) for thirty years.Collins was also involved in professional sports, as owner of the National Football League's franchises Boston Yanks (1944–48) and which followed as the New York Bulldogs/Yanks (1949–51) - later became  the Dallas Texans in 1952. He was considerably more successful in entertainment management than as an oldtime NFL owner.Collins died at age 63 in May 1964, of a heart attack in Lake Placid, New York at a doctor's office. He had previous health issues, including a heart attack in 1956.
<Vali_Akhundov>	Vali Yusif oghlu Akhundov (Azerbaijani: Вәли Јусиф оғлу Ахундов, romanized: Vəli Yusif oğlu Axundov; 14 May [O.S. 1 May] 1916 – 22 August 1986), also spelled as Vali Akhundov, was the 10th First Secretary of Azerbaijan Communist Party, politician and scientist.Akhundov was born in Baku, in the  Baku Governorate of the Russian Empire in 1916. In 1941, he graduated from Azerbaijan State Medical Institute and completed his research in 1964 receiving PhD in Medical Sciences and obtaining a title of a Professor and academician in 1964 and 1966, respectively. From 1946 through 1949, Akhundov served as the Chairman of Committee of Trade Union of Medical Workers. In 1949, he was appointed Deputy Minister of Public Health of Azerbaijan SSR and left the post for the position of Deputy Chief of the Central Committee of Communist Party of Azerbaijan SSR in 1953 and in 1954 was appointed the Minister of Public Health of Azerbaijan SSR which he held until 1958. Akhundov served as the Chairman of the Council of Ministers for a period of one year and was eventually appointed the First Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Azerbaijan SSR, a position he held until 1969 when he was replaced by Heydar Aliyev.Academician V.Y.Akhundov is the author of more than 400 scientific works, including 6 monographs, and editor of many scientific collections and works. Veli Akhundov’s monographs are the result of his many years of research. Most of his scientific works are primarily devoted to the study of various aspects of environmental hygiene, and doubtless the contribution of V.Y.Akhundov to the hygienic science and sanitary practice of Azerbaijan is indisputable.  In addition to water supply, he paid much attention to the problem of rural hygiene, soil hygiene, including in connection with the use of mineral fertilizers, bacterial contamination of dwellings, problems of infectious pathology due to the sanitary condition of rural settlements in 1960-70. The distinctive features of scientific works of V.Y.Akhundov are their indispensable, organic connection with life and actual problems of practical public health.
<Henry_Inman_(police_commander)>	Henry Inman (1816–1895) was an English cavalry officer, pioneer of South Australia, founder and first commander of the South Australia Police, overlander and Anglican clergyman.Inman was born 4 June 1816 at Portsea Island, Hampshire, the youngest son among seven children of Revd Dr James Inman DD (1776–1869) and Mary Inman (1782–1870).  His father, Professor of Mathematics at the Royal Naval College, Portsmouth, sailed in Australian waters in 1803 as astronomer for Matthew Flinders.  His mother, a daughter of Revd Richard Williams, rector of Oakham, Rutland, was a direct descendant of the mother of Sir Isaac Newton by her second husband.  His eldest brother, James Williams Inman, was headmaster of The King's School, Grantham, Lincoln.  Inman was educated privately, then at St Paul's School, Southsea, his father being chairman of the school board.
<Katherine_LaNasa>	Katherine LaNasa (born December 1, 1966) is an American actress, former ballet dancer and choreographer. She starred in films Jayne Mansfield's Car, The Campaign, and The Frozen Ground. On television, LaNasa had a leading role in the NBC sitcom Three Sisters (2001–2002), appeared in  recurring roles on Judging Amy, Two and a Half Men, Big Love and Longmire, and starred in the short-lived dramas Love Monkey (2006), Deception (2013), Satisfaction (2014–15) and Imposters (2017–18). In 2020, LaNasa portrayed Gloria Grandbilt in the musical dramedy series Katy Keene.LaNasa was born in New Orleans, Louisiana, the daughter of Anne (née Hardin) and Dr. James J. LaNasa Jr., a surgeon.She began dancing at the age of 12, and at the age of 14, she was admitted to the North Carolina School of the Arts in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. After an apprenticeship with Milwaukee Ballet, LaNasa danced with Salt Lake City's Ballet West and the Karole Armitage Ballet.
<Union_for_French_Democracy>	The Union for French Democracy (French: Union pour la démocratie française, UDF) was a centre to centre-right political party in France. It was founded in 1978 as an electoral alliance to support President Valéry Giscard d'Estaing in order to counterbalance the Gaullist preponderance over the political right in France. This name was chosen due to the title of Giscard d'Estaing's 1976 book, Démocratie française. The party brought together Christian democrats, liberal-radicals, and non-Gaullist conservatives, and described itself as centrist.The founding parties of the UDF were Giscard's Republican Party (PR), the Centre of Social Democrats (CDS), the Radical Party (Rad.), the Social Democratic Party (PSD) and the Perspectives and Realities Clubs (CPR). The UDF was most frequently a junior partner in coalitions with the Gaullist Rally for the Republic (RPR) and its successor party, the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP). Prior to its dissolution, the UDF became a single entity, due to the defection of Republicans, Radicals and most Christian Democrats to the UMP and the merger of the other centrist components. The UDF effectively ceased to exist by the end of 2007, and its membership and assets were transferred to its successor party, the Democratic Movement (MoDem). The UDF's final leader was François Bayrou, who transferred his leadership to MoDem.
<Communion_(book)>	Communion: A True Story is a book by American ufologist and horror author Whitley Strieber that was first published in February 1987. The book is based on the experiences of Whitley Strieber, who experiences "lost time" and terrifying flashbacks, which hypnosis undertaken by Budd Hopkins later links to an alleged encounter with aliens. Communion was a nonfiction best seller for six months in 1987.The book was later made into a film directed by Philippe Mora and starring Christopher Walken as Strieber and Lindsay Crouse as his wife, Anne.  A 2008 trade paperback edition presents a new preface by the author.Strieber compares the "familiar" being he sees, whom he describes as female, to the Sumerian goddess Ishtar.
<Yasovarman_I>	Yasovarman I (Khmer: ព្រះបាទយសោវរ្ម័នទី១) was an Angkorian king who reigned in 889–910 CE. He was called "Leper King".Yasovarman was a son of King Indravarman I and his wife Indradevi.Yaasovarman was said to be a wrestler.  Inscriptions say he was capable of wrestling with elephants.  The inscriptions also say he was capable of slaying tigers with his bare hands.
<Bury_F.C.>	Bury Football Club is an English association football club based in Bury, Greater Manchester, whose team last played in EFL League Two, the fourth tier of English football, in the 2018–19 season. The team are known as "The Shakers", and play in white shirts and navy blue shorts. Gigg Lane, one of the world's oldest football grounds, has been the club's home venue since 1885. The club has long-standing rivalries with near neighbours Bolton Wanderers, Oldham Athletic and Rochdale. Established in 1885, Bury was a founder member of the Lancashire League in 1889 and crowned champions in 1890–91 and 1891–92, before being elected to the Football League in 1894.Bury won the Second Division in 1894–95 and earned promotion to the First Division in which they played for 17 seasons. They won the FA Cup in 1900 with a 4–0 victory over Southampton and again in 1903 with a record 6–0 win over Derby County. Bury were relegated to the Second Division at the end of the 1911–12 season and were there for twelve years until securing promotion as runners-up in 1923–24. They were relegated in 1928–29, their last top-flight season. In 1956–57, they dropped into the third tier for the first time but won promotion as champions of the Third Division under Dave Russell in 1960–61. From 1967 to 1971, they had one promotion and three relegations, the last of which was from the Third to the Fourth Division. 
<George_Steiner>	Francis George Steiner, FBA (April 23, 1929 – February 3, 2020) was a Franco-American literary critic, essayist, philosopher, novelist, and educator. He wrote extensively about the relationship between language, literature and society, and the impact of the Holocaust. An article in The Guardian described Steiner as a "polyglot and polymath".Among his admirers, Steiner is ranked "among the great minds in today's literary world". English novelist A. S. Byatt described him as a "late, late, late Renaissance man ... a European metaphysician with an instinct for the driving ideas of our time". Harriet Harvey-Wood, a former literature director of the British Council, described him as a "magnificent lecturer – prophetic and doom-laden [who would] turn up with half a page of scribbled notes, and never refer to them".Steiner was Professor of English and Comparative Literature in the University of Geneva (1974–94), Professor of Comparative Literature and Fellow in the University of Oxford (1994–95), Professor of Poetry in Harvard University (2001–02) and an Extraordinary Fellow of Churchill College, Cambridge.
<Mercedes-Benz_S-Class_(W220)>	The Mercedes-Benz W220 was a range of flagship sedans which, as the fourth generation Mercedes-Benz S-Class, replaced the W140 S-Class after model year 1998 — with long and short wheelbase versions, performance and luxury options; available four-wheel drive; and a range of  diesel as well as gas/petrol V6, V8, and V12 engines. Compared to its predecessor, the W220 had somewhat smaller exterior dimensions but offered greater interior volume, particularly in the long-wheelbase versions, and slightly less cargo volume.Development began in 1992, with the final design, under the direction of Steve Mattin, approved in June 1995 and frozen in March 1996. The completed prototypes were presented in June 1998.W220 production began on August 13, 1998, and C215 coupé production followed in 1999.  Production of the 220-series totalled 484,683 units, slightly more than the production totals from the W140.
<Dogs_of_Great_Indifference>	Dogs of Great Indifference is the fourth album by drummer Jim Black's AlasNoAxis featuring clarinetist/saxophonist Chris Speed, guitarist Hilmar Jensson and bassist Skúli Sverrisson released on the Winter & Winter label in 2006.In his review for Allmusic, Dave Lynch said "Maybe a bandleader as accomplished as Black sees Dogs of Great Indifference merely as fun indie rock, but there's also the possibility that in all its contradictions, this music has perfectly captured the Zeitgeist of the mid-2000s, a time when nobody actually agrees upon a common Zeitgeist yet everybody is in it together". In JazzTimes, Andrew Lindemann Malone observed "Those who like to relax with tunes may find Dogs of Great Indifference to be too unsteady, but if you want stimulation, Black and his band are right on the beam". On AllAboutJazz Chris May stated "Dogs Of Great Indifference, the Seattle-born, Brooklyn-based drummer's fourth disc with his AlasNoAxis quartet, is a near-perfect gumbo. Heavy on backbeats and slash and burn guitar riffs, it's also full of astonishing freewheeling collective improvisation and adventure".All compositions by Jim Black
<Richard_Norman_Shaw>	Richard Norman Shaw RA (7 May 1831 – 17 November 1912), also known as Norman Shaw, was a British architect who worked from the 1870s to the 1900s, known for his country houses and for commercial buildings. He is considered to be among the greatest of British architects; his  influence on architectural style was strongest in the 1880s and 1890s.Shaw was born 7 May 1831 in Edinburgh, the sixth and last child of William Shaw (1780–1833), an Irish Protestant and army officer, and Elizabeth née Brown (1785–1883), from a family of successful Edinburgh lawyers. William Shaw died 2 years after his son's birth, leaving debts. Two of Shaw's siblings died young and a third in early adulthood. The family lived first in Annandale Street and then Haddington Place. Richard was educated at an academy for languages, located at 3 and 5 Hill Street Edinburgh until c.1842, then had one year of formal schooling in Newcastle, followed by being taught by his sister Janet. The eldest surviving child Robert had moved to London to work; the rest of the family followed about 1846, living in Middleton Road, Dalston. Richard began his apprenticeship almost immediately at an unknown architect's practice. By 1849, he had transferred to the London office of sixty-year-old William Burn,  at whose practice Shaw remained for five years. He attended the evening lectures on architecture given at the Royal Academy of Arts by Charles Robert Cockerell.  He met William Eden Nesfield at the Royal Academy, with whom he briefly partnered in some architectural designs. During 1854–1856, Shaw travelled with a Royal Academy scholarship, collecting sketches that were published as Architectural Sketches from the Continent, 1858. On his return to London he moved to George Edmund Street's practice.
<Kay_Tse>	Kay Tse On-kay (Chinese: 謝安琪; born 13 March 1977) is a Hong Kong Cantopop singer. She is a prominent figure in Hong Kong music and popular culture and was once frequently referred to in the media as a "grass-roots diva" and "goddess". She is known for songs which deal with social issues and the struggle for democracy in Hong Kong.Tse's main claim to fame was her 2008 song, "Wedding Invitation Street" (囍帖街), which was widely successful and swept many prestigious year-end music awards. This was followed by a string of further hits including "Song of the Year" (年度之歌), Lone Village (獨家村), "Hillwood Road" (山林道) and viral hits such as "The Egg and the Lamb" (雞蛋與羔羊) and "Rashomon" (羅生門). She is considered to be one of the four leading female Cantopop singers of the 2000s–2010s, along with Miriam Yeung, Joey Yung, and Denise Ho.
<Frank_Philip_Bowden>	Frank Philip Bowden CBE FRS (2 May 1903 – 3 September 1968) was an Australian physicist.He was born in Hobart, Tasmania, the son of telegraph engineer Frank Prosser Bowden.
<Kaitlin_Riley>	Kaitlin Ann Vilasuso (née Riley; born July 17, 1986) is an American actress and podcast host. She is best known for her roles in films From Justin to Kelly (2003), Monster (2003) and Watercolor Postcards (2013).Kaitlin Ann Riley was born on July 17, 1986, in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. She is one of seven children and her younger sister, Bailee Madison, is also an actress. Her mother is Patricia Riley.She has appeared in films Catherine's Grove (1997), In the Shadows (2001), From Justin to Kelly (2003), Monster (2003), Scavengers (2013) and Watercolor Postcards (2013). She portrayed Lexy in American television sitcom Kickin' It in the episode "Wedding Crashers".
<Charles_Hudson_(Australian_politician)>	Charles Arthur Hudson (19 December 1866 – 1 May 1937) was an Australian lawyer and politician who was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1905 to 1921. He served as a minister in the governments of Henry Lefroy and Hal Colebatch.Hudson was born in Geelong, Victoria, to Annie (née Nicholson) and Charles George Hudson. He left school at the age of 12, working as a printer's devil, and eventually began training as a lawyer. Hudson was admitted to the Victorian bar in 1892, and subsequently worked in various country towns, including Shepparton, Morwell, Victoria, Traralgon, and Terang. He moved to Western Australia in the early 1900s, and began practising at Norseman on the Eastern Goldfields.
<Fay_Ripley>	Fay Ripley (born 26 February 1966) is an English actress, television presenter and recipe author. She is a graduate of the Guildhall School of Music and Drama (1990). Her first professional role was in the chorus of a pantomime version of Around the World in 80 Days. Ripley's early film and television appearances were limited, so she supplemented her earnings by working as a children's entertainer and by selling menswear door-to-door. After her scenes as a prostitute were cut from Frankenstein (1994), Ripley gained her first major film role playing Karen Hughes in Mute Witness (1995).In 1996, Ripley was cast in her breakthrough role of Jenny Gifford in the ITV series Cold Feet. Initially a supporting role in the pilot episode, Ripley's character was expanded when a series was commissioned in 1998. She stayed with the show for three full series before leaving to take more varied roles and to spend more time with her family. She returned for a guest appearance in the fifth series.
<Chrysler_300>	The Chrysler 300 is a full-size luxury car manufactured and marketed by Stellantis North America (and its predecessor companies) as a four-door sedan and station wagon in its first generation (model years 2005–2010) and solely as a four-door sedan in its second and current generation (model years 2011–present). The second generation 300 was marketed as the Chrysler 300C in the United Kingdom and Ireland and as the Lancia Thema in the remainder of Europe.
<Shinji_Sasaoka>	As coachAs ManagerShinji Sasaoka (佐々岡 真司, born August 26, 1967 in Naka District, Shimane, Japan) is a former Nippon Professional Baseball pitcher.
<Rhys_Murphy>	Rhys Philip Elliot Murphy (born 6 November 1990) is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for National League club Southend United.He has played in the English Football League for Brentford, Preston North End, Dagenham & Redbridge, Oldham Athletic, Crawley Town, AFC Wimbledon, Forest Green Rovers and Gillingham.
<Australian_National_University>	The Australian National University (ANU) is a public research university located in Canberra, the capital of Australia. Its main campus in Acton encompasses seven teaching and research colleges, in addition to several national academies and institutes.ANU is regarded as one of the world's leading universities, and is ranked as the number one university in Australia and the Southern Hemisphere by the 2022 QS World University Rankings and second in Australia in the Times Higher Education rankings. Compared to other universities in the world, it is ranked 27th by the 2022 QS World University Rankings, and equal 54th by the 2022 Times Higher Education. In 2021, ANU is ranked 20th (1st in Australia) by the Global Employability University Ranking and Survey (GEURS).
<Ancient_university_governance_in_Scotland>	The ancient university governance structure in Scotland is the organisational system imposed by a series of Acts of Parliament called the Universities (Scotland) Acts 1858 to 1966. The Acts applied to what were termed the 'older universities': the University of St Andrews, the University of Glasgow, the University of Aberdeen and the University of Edinburgh. Together these four universities are commonly referred to as the ancient universities of Scotland. Whilst the Acts do not directly apply to the University of Dundee (except insofar as section 13 of the Act of 1966 conferred a power to appoint, by Order in Council, the date for its independence from the University of St Andrews), the same governance structure was ordained for use by that institution in its Royal charter.The ancient structure applies a tripartite relationship of bodies with authority over the university. These are the university court, the general council and the senatus academicus (rendered in English as the academic senate).The senatus academicus is the supreme academic body of a university, presided over by the Principal.
<The_Oberoi_Group>	The Oberoi Group is an award-winning luxury hotel group with its head office in New Delhi, India. Founded in 1934, the company owns and operates 32 luxury hotels and two river cruise ships in 7 countries, primarily under its Oberoi Hotels & Resorts and Trident brands. The group also operates The Oberoi Centre for Learning and Development, which is regarded as one of Asia's top institutions for hospitality education.The foundations of the Oberoi Group date back to 1934 when The Rai Bahadur Mohan Singh Oberoi, the founder of the group, bought two properties: the Maidens in Delhi and the Clarke's in Shimla. In the following years Oberoi, assisted by his two sons, Tilak Raj Singh Oberoi and Prithvi Raj Singh Oberoi (P.R.S. Oberoi), continued the expansion of their group with properties both in India and abroad.
<Martin_A._Pomerantz>	Martin Arthur Pomerantz (December 17, 1916 – October 26, 2008) was an American physicist who served as Director of the Bartol Research Institute and who had been a leader in developing Antarctic astronomy. When the astronomical observatory at the United States Amundsen–Scott South Pole Station was opened in 1995, it was named the Martin A. Pomerantz Observatory (MAPO) in his honor. Pomerantz published his scientific autobiography, Astronomy on Ice, in 2004.Pomerantz was born and raised in New York City, and graduated from Manual Training High School in Brooklyn. In 1937, Pomerantz received an A.B. in physics from Syracuse University. He received an M.S. from the University of Pennsylvania in 1938. In 1938, Pomerantz joined the Bartol Research Foundation, where he spent nearly his entire career. He became a permanent member of the Foundation's scientific staff in 1943. In 1951, he received his Ph.D. in physics from Temple University for a thesis based on his extensive scientific work at Bartol. In 1959, Pomerantz became the second Director of the Foundation, replacing W. F. G. Swann upon the latter's retirement.In 1977, Pomerantz presided over the Foundation's move from its original location at Swarthmore College to its present location at the University of Delaware. Despite Pomerantz' efforts, Swarthmore had decided not to renew its 50-year contract with Bartol; there had been a number of conflicts during its decades of residence at Swarthmore.  The Foundation was renamed the Bartol Research Institute following the move to Delaware.  Pomerantz stepped down as the Institute's president in 1987; he was replaced as president by Norman F. Ness. In 1990, Pomerantz retired, becoming a professor emeritus at the Institute and at the University of Delaware.
<Bethesda_Softworks>	Bethesda Softworks LLC is an American video game publisher based in Rockville, Maryland. The company was founded by Christopher Weaver in 1986 as a division of Media Technology Limited, and in 1999 became a subsidiary of ZeniMax Media. In its first fifteen years, it was a video game developer and self-published its titles. In 2001, Bethesda spun off its own in-house development team into Bethesda Game Studios, and Bethesda Softworks retained only its publishing function. In 2021, Microsoft purchased ZeniMax, maintaining that the company will continue to operate as a separate business.Prior to founding Bethesda Softworks, Christopher Weaver was a technology forecaster and a communications engineer in the television and cable industries. After finishing grad school, he was hired by the American Broadcasting Company, where he wrote several memos about "the importance of alternative distribution systems and how satellites and broadband networks would impact network television", which landed him the position of manager of technology forecasting. After multiple national magazines quoted his articles on "the exciting prospects for cabled distribution systems", he was recruited by the National Cable Television Association and created its Office of Science and Technology. In that capacity, he helped design high-speed data communication systems for several member companies of the association. Eventually, Weaver became the chief engineer for the United States House Subcommittee on Communications, where he influenced legislation that affected the telephone, television, and cable industries.
<Morgan_Stanley>	Morgan Stanley is an American multinational investment management and financial services company headquartered at 1585 Broadway in Midtown Manhattan, New York City. With offices in more than 41 countries and more than 75,000 employees, the firm's clients include corporations, governments, institutions, and individuals. Morgan Stanley ranked No. 61 in the 2021 Fortune 500 list of the largest United States corporations by total revenue.The original Morgan Stanley, formed by J.P. Morgan & Co. partners Henry Sturgis Morgan (a grandson of J.P. Morgan), Harold Stanley, and others, came into existence on September 16, 1935, in response to the Glass–Steagall Act, which required the splitting of American commercial and investment banking businesses. In its first year, the company operated with a 24% market share (US$1.1 billion) in public offerings and private placements.
<The_Book_of_Disquiet>	The Book of Disquiet (Livro do Desassossego: Composto por Bernardo Soares, ajudante de guarda-livros na cidade de Lisboa) is a work by the Portuguese author Fernando Pessoa (1888–1935). Published posthumously, The Book of Disquiet is a fragmentary lifetime project, left unedited by the author, who introduced it as a "factless autobiography."The publication was credited to Bernardo Soares, one of the author's alternate writing names, which he called semi-heteronyms, and had a preface attributed to Fernando Pessoa, another alternate writing name or orthonym.In Lisbon there are a few restaurants or eating houses located above decent-looking taverns, places with the heavy, domestic look of restaurants in towns far from any rail line. These second-story eateries, usually empty except on Sundays, frequently contain curious types whose faces are not interesting but who constitute a series of digressions from life.Much studied by "Pessoan" critics, who have different interpretations regarding the book's proper organization, The Book of Disquiet was first published in Portuguese in 1982, 47 years after Pessoa's death (the author died at age 47 in 1935). The book has seen publication in Spanish (1984), German (1985), Italian (1986), French (1988), English (1991), and Dutch (1990 (selection) and 1998 (full)). The Book in 1991 had four English editions by different translators: Richard Zenith (editor and translator), Iain Watson, Alfred MacAdam and Margaret Jull Costa. The Book is a bestseller, especially in Spanish, Italian and German (from different translators and publishers).
<Grampian_Television>	Grampian Television was the original name of the Channel 3 service for the north of Scotland founded in 1961 and now named STV. The northern region's coverage area includes the Northern Isles, Western Isles, Highlands (except Fort William and Lochaber) Grampian, Tayside (except the Kinross area), and parts of north Fife.Grampian went on the air on 30 September 1961. The company was bought out in 1997 by STV Group (the parent company of STV, the Channel 3 broadcaster in Central Scotland). The name Grampian Television was retired in 2006 and the channel is now known as STV on-air. STV runs one service which covers both central and northern Scotland but with separate news bulletins. Legally, however, the two services are still licensed separately; the northern licence is held by STV North, which is owned and operated by STV Group plc (formerly SMG plc), and the southern licence by STV Central (previously known as Scottish Television).  
<Sable_(wrestler)>	Rena Marlette Lesnar (née  Greek, formerly Mero; born August 8, 1967), better known as Sable, is an American former model, actress, and retired professional wrestler. She is primarily known for her time in WWE. She began working for WWE in 1996. As Sable, she gained considerable popularity. After feuding with Luna Vachon, and Jacqueline, Sable became the second WWF Women's Champion after the title was reinstated into the company. After leaving the company, she filed a $110 million lawsuit against the company, citing allegations of sexual harassment and unsafe working conditions.In 2003, she returned to WWE and was put into a feud with Torrie Wilson, and another storyline as Vince McMahon's mistress. In 2004, she left the company to spend more time with her family. Outside wrestling, she is considered to be a sex symbol and has been featured on the cover of Playboy three times. In April 1999 issue of the magazine with her on the cover was one of the highest selling issues in Playboy history. She has guest starred on several television series, including Pacific Blue, and appeared in the film Corky Romano.
<King_World_Productions>	King World Productions, Inc. (also known as King World Entertainment, King World Enterprises, or simply King World) was a production company and syndicator of television programming in the United States independently established in 1964 until acquired by CBS in 1999, with its eventual 2007 incorporation into CBS Television Distribution (now CBS Media Ventures). Following the death of Roger King, the company continues to exist on paper as an intellectual property holder and under the moniker of KWP Studios to hold the copyright for television shows like Rachael Ray, which premiered nationally on September 18, 2006.The division was started in 1964 by Charles King (1912–1972). It was a company that expressly handled television distribution of the Hal Roach-produced Our Gang short comedy films from the 1930s. When Roach lost the rights to the name Our Gang (it was retained by the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film studio, who bought the series from Roach in 1938), the shorts were retitled as The Little Rascals.[citation needed]It was through this acquisition that the comedy shorts made from 1929 through 1938 have been made available to audiences for the past fifty years. King World later co-produced an animated TV special with Muller-Rosen Productions and Murakami-Wolf-Swenson in 1979 called The Little Rascals Christmas Special and later co-produced an 1982–1984 animated The Little Rascals TV series with Hanna-Barbera. King died in 1972 and the company was taken over by King's children: Roger M. King (1944-2007), Michael (1948-2015), Robert (1940-2020), Diana (1949-2019), Richard (1941-2020), and Karen.[citation needed]
<FC_Volga_Nizhny_Novgorod>	FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod (Russian: Футбольный Клуб "Волга" Нижний Новгород) was a Russian football club from Nizhny Novgorod, founded in 1998. In 2008, FC Volga won the Ural-Povolzhye (Volga Region in Russian) zone of the Russian Second Division and advanced to the Russian First Division. In 2010 they promoted to the Russian Premier League. After the 2013–14 season, they were relegated to the second level once more. On 15 June 2016, the club was dissolved due to inability to service the accumulated debts.The team was founded in 1963 after a merger of two teams from Gorky – Torpedo and Raketa. The team played in the Soviet Top League, where its best result was 14th place in 1964. The team was disbanded in 1984. In 1998, a new club called FC Elektronika Nizhny Novgorod was founded. It played in Russian Second Division. In 2004 it was renamed to Volga.
<Pelé_(footballer,_born_1987)>	Vítor Hugo Gomes Passos (born 14 September 1987), known as Pelé, is a Portuguese former professional footballer who played as a central midfielder.Pelé started playing at the youth teams of Boavista FC, then switched to S.C. Salgueiros also in his hometown of Porto. The financial crisis of the latter eventually led to the administrative descent to the Segunda Liga; subsequently, the prohibition of signing professional players led to almost every player in the squad leaving.
<Enrico_Fermi_Award>	The Enrico Fermi Award is a scientific award conferred by the President of the United States. It is awarded to honor scientists of international stature for their lifetime achievement in the development, use, or production of energy. It was established in 1956 by the United States Department of Energy in memorial of Italian-American physicist Enrico Fermi and his work in the development of nuclear power. The recipient of the award receives $100,000, a certificate signed by the President and the Secretary of Energy, and a gold medal featuring the likeness of Enrico Fermi.Source: US Department of EnergyThis science awards article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Samir_Soni>	Samir Soni  is an Indian film and television actor, director and former fashion model.Soni made his debut in the Hindi serial Samandar. In 1996, he appeared as Ashok Mathur in Doordarshan's A Mouthful Of Sky. He made his film debut in China Gate (1998), which was followed by cameo appearances. In 2003, Soni appeared in the film Baghban and played lead roles in Basti and Kahan Ho Tum. Also that year, Soni also worked in the television series Jassi Jaissi Koi Nahin. In 2004, he worked in Saaksshi. Soni featured as a contestant in the reality television show Bigg Boss 4 in 2010.
<Barack_Obama_Sr.>	Barack Hussein Obama Sr. (/ˈbærək huːˈseɪn oʊˈbɑːmə/; 18 June 1934 – 24 November 1982) was a Kenyan senior governmental economist and the father of Barack Obama, the 44th president of the United States. He is a central figure of his son's memoir, Dreams from My Father (1995). Obama married in 1954 and had two children with his first wife, Kezia. He was selected for a special program to attend college in the United States and studied at the University of Hawaii where he met Stanley Ann Dunham, whom he married in 1961 following the conception of his son, Barack II. Dunham divorced Obama three years later. The elder Obama later went to Harvard University for graduate school, where he earned an M.A. in economics, and returned to Kenya in 1964. He saw his son Barack once more, when his son was about 10.In late 1964, Obama Sr. married Ruth Beatrice Baker, a Jewish-American woman he had met in Massachusetts. They had two sons together before separating in 1971 and divorcing in 1973. Obama first worked for an oil company, before beginning work as an economist with the Kenyan Ministry of Transport. He gained a promotion to senior economic analyst in the Ministry of Finance. He was among a cadre of young Kenyan men who had been educated in the West in a program supported by Tom Mboya. Obama Sr. had conflicts with Kenyan president Jomo Kenyatta, which adversely affected his career. He was fired and blacklisted in Kenya, finding it nearly impossible to get a job. Obama Sr. was involved in three serious car accidents during his final years; he died as a result of the last one in 1982.
<John_O'Keefe_(neuroscientist)>	John O'Keefe, FRS FMedSci (born November 18, 1939) is an American-British neuroscientist, psychologist and a professor at the Sainsbury Wellcome Centre for Neural Circuits and Behaviour and the Research Department of Cell and Developmental Biology at University College London. He discovered place cells in the hippocampus, and that they show a specific kind of temporal coding in the form of theta phase precession. He shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2014, together with May-Britt Moser and Edvard Moser; he has received several other awards. He has worked at University College London for his entire career, but also held a part-time chair at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology at the behest of his Norwegian collaborators, the Mosers.Born in New York City to Irish immigrant parents, O'Keefe attended Regis High School (Manhattan) and received a BA degree from the City College of New York. He went on to study at McGill University in Montreal, Quebec,  Canada, where he obtained an MA degree in 1964, and a PhD degree in Psychology in 1967, supervised by Ronald Melzack.
<Puyo_Puyo>	Puyo Puyo (ぷよぷよ), previously known as Puyo Pop outside Japan, is a series of tile-matching video games created by Compile. Sega has owned the franchise since 1998,[citation needed] with games after 2001 being developed by Sonic Team. Puyo Puyo was created as a spin-off franchise to Madō Monogatari (Sorcery Saga), a series of first-person dungeon crawler role-playing games by Compile from which the Puyo Puyo characters originated.Generally, the objective of Puyo Puyo games is to defeat your opponent by causing the third column from the left of their side of the screen to become filled with Puyo. Puyo are round, slime-like creatures that, in most variations of the game, fall from the top of the screen in groups of two, three, and four. The pieces can be moved, dropped, and rotated as they fall. The piece falls until it reaches another Puyo or the bottom of the screen. When four or more Puyo of the same color line up adjacent to each other, the Puyo will connect to each other, "Pop", and disappear. Puyo of the same color can connect horizontally or vertically, but not diagonally.[citation needed]The Puyo above those that are cleared fall onto other pieces or the bottom of the screen. Simultaneous Pops (同時消し, simultaneous erasing) are created when more than one group is formed at a time.[citation needed]
<Pannalal_Patel>	Pannalal Nanalal Patel (7 May 1912 – 6 April 1989) was an Indian author known for his contributions in Gujarati literature. He wrote more than 20 short story collections, such as Sukhdukhna Sathi (1940) and Vatrakne Kanthe (1952), and more than 20 social novels, such as Malela Jeev (1941), Manvini Bhavai (1947) and Bhangyana Bheru (1957), and several mythological novels. He received the Jnanpith Award in 1985. Some of his works were translated as well as adapted into plays and films."Life appears to me like that of a spider that makes his own web, using his own saliva. The spider progress through life on the strands of his own web. I, too, have gone about in this world, finding my own ways, learning and changing. what I know of life has come from experience."
<Edmond_Hamilton>	Edmond Moore Hamilton (October 21, 1904 – February 1, 1977) was an American writer of science fiction during the mid-twentieth century.Born in Youngstown, Ohio, he was raised there and in nearby New Castle, Pennsylvania. Something of a child prodigy, he graduated from high school and entered Westminster College in New Wilmington, Pennsylvania at the age of 14, but washed out at 17.
<Toni_Silva>	Toni Brito Silva Sá (born 15 September 1993) is a Bissau-Guinean professional footballer who plays as a winger for FC Aksu in the Kazakhstan Premier League.Silva kicked off his career with the youth academy of Real Sport Clube in 2007, and joined Benfica's junior team a season later. He made 7 appearances for the junior team before having a short stint with Chelsea reserves between 2008 and 2009. Then he joined Liverpool still with the reserves before getting a professional contract in 2011.
<Bog_Child>	Bog Child is a historical novel by Siobhan Dowd published by David Fickling (UK) and Random House Children's Books (US) on 9 September 2008, more than a year after her death. Set in the 1980s amid the backdrop of the Troubles of Northern Ireland, it features an 18-year-old boy who must study for exams but experiences "his imprisoned brother's hunger strike, the stress of being a courier for the provisional IRA, and dreams of a murdered girl whose body he discovered in a bog." In flashback and dream there are elements of the murdered girl's prehistoric or protohistoric life and death.Dowd and Bog Child were named winners of the annual Carnegie Medal, recognising the year's best children's book published in the U.K.
<Jamaica_national_football_team>	The Jamaica national football team, nicknamed the "Reggae Boyz", represents Jamaica in international football. The team's first match was against Haiti in 1925. The squad is under the supervising body of the Jamaica Football Federation (JFF), which is a member of the Caribbean Football Union (CFU), Confederation of North, Central American and Caribbean Association Football (CONCACAF), and the global jurisdiction of FIFA. Jamaica's home matches have been played at Independence Park since its opening in 1962.Their sole appearance in the FIFA World Cup was in 1998, where the team finished third in its group and failed to advance. The team also competed in the Caribbean Cup winning six times. Jamaica also competes in the CONCACAF Gold Cup, appearing thirteen times and finishing twice as runners-up to Mexico in 2015 and the United States in 2017. They were also invited to the Copa América in 2015 and 2016, being eliminated in the group stage on both occasions.
<Jameson_Experience,_Midleton>	Coordinates: 51°54′49.1″N 8°10′05.2″W﻿ / ﻿51.913639°N 8.168111°W﻿ / 51.913639; -8.168111The Jameson Experience, Midleton, (also known as the Old Midleton Distillery) is an Irish whiskey museum and visitor centre located in the Old Midleton Distillery in Midleton, County Cork, Ireland. Set over 15 acres, since opening as a visitor's centre in 1992, the old distillery has received approximately 100,000 guests per year, receiving 125,000 in 2015.The Old Midleton Distillery in which the Jameson Experience is located began life as a woollen mill, before being converted to a military barracks and subsequently a distillery in 1825. The distillery operated until 1975, when a new distillery was constructed alongside it to house the consolidated operations of three former whiskey-making rivals, John Jameson & Son, John Powers & Son, and Cork Distilleries Company (owners of the Midlelton Distillery), who had come together to form Irish Distillers in 1966. It now houses a visitor centre, a restaurant, and a gift shop.
<Honoré_Achim>	Honoré Achim (August 2, 1881 – May 14, 1950) was a Canadian politician and lawyer. He was a member of the Conservative Party of Canada between November 15, 1911, and June 28, 1917, then crossed the floor to the Liberal Party of Canada, as a result of the conscription issue, where he remained until October 6, 1917.Born in Montreal, Quebec, Achim also served as a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec representing the Quebec Liberal Party in Labelle until resigning on October 13, 1921.After his death in 1950, he was entombed at the Notre Dame des Neiges Cemetery in Montreal.
<John_Baker_White_(Virginia)>	John Baker White (August 4, 1794 – October 9, 1862) was a 19th-century American military officer, lawyer, court clerk, and civil servant in the U.S. state of Virginia.During the War of 1812, White enlisted in the United States Army as a soldier and was promoted to the military rank of ensign. In 1815, White was qualified as Clerk of Court for both the county and circuit courts of Hampshire County, Virginia (now West Virginia) and he continued to hold these offices through successive appointments and elections for 46 years between 1815 and 1861. To date, White remains the longest-serving Clerk of Court for Hampshire County since the office's creation in 1757. As a prominent lawyer and court clerk, White taught jurisprudence. Many of White's law students later became eminent lawyers and public officials in their own right, including Henry Bedinger, United States House Representative and United States Ambassador to Denmark.
<Macy's>	Market by Macy'sMacy's (originally R. H. Macy & Co.) is an American chain of high-end department stores founded in 1858 by Rowland Hussey Macy. It became a division of the Cincinnati-based Federated Department Stores in 1994, through which it is affiliated with the Bloomingdale's department store chain; the holding company was renamed Macy's, Inc. in 2007. As of 2015, Macy's was the largest U.S. department store company by retail sales.
<Guy_Oseary>	Guy Harley Oseary (Hebrew: גיא עוזרי; born October 3, 1972) is an Israeli-American talent manager and writer. His clients include Madonna, U2 and the Red Hot Chili Peppers.Guy Oseary was born on October 3, 1972, in Jerusalem, to a Jewish family. He was raised in California and attended Beverly Hills High School. Together since 2006, he married Brazilian model Michelle Alves on October 24, 2017. They have four children together.
<Augusten_Burroughs>	Augusten Xon Burroughs (born Christopher Richter Robison, October 23, 1965) is an American writer best known for his New York Times bestselling memoir Running with Scissors (2002).Christopher Richter Robison was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, the younger of two sons of poet Margaret Robison and John G. Robison, former head of the philosophy department at the University of Massachusetts Amherst.
<TV_Cultura>	TV Cultura or simply Cultura, is a free Brazilian public television network headquartered in São Paulo and a part of Father Anchieta Foundation, a non-profit foundation funded by the São Paulo State Government. It focuses on educational and cultural subjects but also has sports as entertainment options.According to research by the BBC and the British institute Populus, published in 2015, TV Cultura is the second highest quality channel in the world, behind only BBC One.TV Cultura was founded in 1960 by Diários Associados and Rede de Emissoras Associadas, who also owned TV Tupi. In 1968, the São Paulo State Government bought TV Cultura from Associadas and subsequently donated the channel to Fundação Padre Anchieta ("Father Anchieta Foundation") in 1969. It is public TV Station with Educational and Cultural agenda and receives public investments by the government of São Paulo's state and it claims to have intellectual, political and administrative independence not only for TV Cultura, but also its two affiliated radio broadcasting channels, Rádio Cultura AM and Rádio Cultura FM.
<Carl_Ludvig_Engel>	Carl Ludvig Engel, or Johann Carl Ludwig Engel (3 July 1778 – 14 May 1840), was a German architect whose most noted work can be found in Helsinki, which he helped rebuild. His works include most of the buildings around the capital's monumental centre, the Senate Square and the buildings surrounding it. The buildings are Helsinki Cathedral, The Senate (now the Palace of the Council of State), the City of Helsinki Town Hall, and the library and the main building of Helsinki University.Carl Ludvig Engel was born in 1778 in Charlottenburg, Berlin, into a family of bricklayers.  It was probably as a bricklayer apprentice that he first came in contact with his future profession as an architect. He trained at the Berlin Institute of Architecture after which he served in the Prussian building administration. The stagnation caused by Napoleon's victory over Prussia in 1806 forced him and other architects to find work abroad. In 1808 he applied for the position as town architect of Tallinn, Estonia.  He got the job and in this way came into the vicinity of St. Petersburg and its neoclassical Empire style. Finland was also close by and was soon to experience a new governmental phase as a Grand Duchy under Russian rule.
<Frank_Miles_Day>	Frank Miles Day (April 5, 1861 – June 15, 1918) was a Philadelphia-based architect who specialized in residences and academic buildings.In 1883, he graduated from the Towne School of the University of Pennsylvania, and traveled to Europe. In England, he apprenticed under two architects, and won the 1885 prize from the Architectural Association of London. He returned to Philadelphia, and worked in the offices of George T. Pearson and Addison Hutton, before opening his own office in 1887. Day's first major commission was the Art Club of Philadelphia (1889–90, demolished 1975-76), on South Broad Street in Center City, Philadelphia. His brother Henry joined the firm in 1893 (Frank Miles Day & Brother), and Charles Zeller Klauder, who had been his chief draftsman since 1900, became a partner in 1911 (Day Brothers & Klauder). From 1912 to 1927, even after Day's 1918 death, the firm was known as Day & Klauder.Day was a lecturer in architecture at the University of Pennsylvania and Harvard University, and taught perspective at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts. He was supervising architect for Yale University and Johns Hopkins University, and supervising or executive architect for Pennsylvania State College (now University), New York University, Delaware College (now University of Delaware), and the University of Colorado.
<Description_of_Africa_(1668_book)>	Description of Africa (in the original archaic Dutch Naukeurige Beschrijvinge der Afrikaensche Gewesten, or "Accurate Descriptions of the African Regions") is a Dutch ethnographic book published in 1668 describing Africa. The work consists of detailed description of the parts of Africa known to Europeans in the mid-seventeenth century and was written by the geographer Olfert Dapper.Among other things, the book contains a rare description of the Kingdom of Benin which explicitly mentions the Benin Bronzes.Dapper never visited Africa himself, but relied very heavily on records of the Dutch West India Company, especially a collection made by Samuel Bloomaerts, one of its officials. The records which Dapper used are no longer extant, however, as searches for the original reports and letters in the archives of the company, held by the Dutch National Archive, have not produced anything original.
<David_Margolese>	David Margolese (born October 24, 1957) is an Israeli entrepreneur, philanthropist, and co-founder of Sirius XM Radio, serving as chairman and CEO from 1993 to 2002. Considered "one of the earliest advocates of pay radio," he "effectively created the industry."Margolese was born and raised in Vancouver, British Columbia. He attended the University of British Columbia, dropping out after one year. His father, Leonard, also dropped out of college, to sell television sets in the early 1950s, ultimately building a successful television store.In 1978, at the age of 20, Margolese founded Canadian Telecom, a Vancouver-based radio paging company. He struggled in his early years as an entrepreneur. In 1980, he changed his company's focus to what would become the future cellular market. He prognosticated in his 1980 position paper, years before the commercial introduction of cellular and at a time when computers were in use by less than one percent of the public, that cellular "has the potential to become all pervasive." He also envisioned that it would "be used for much more" than just phone calls. When cell phones became widely available, it paid big dividends for Margolese. His company joined with Rogers Communications to form Cantel (a contraction of the name Canadian Telecom). Cantel would ultimately become Rogers Wireless, as of 2012 the largest cellular company in Canada, with over 9.3 million subscribers and revenues over $7 billion. Margolese cashed out of the company in 1989 to found his next venture.
<Finnmark_Fylkesrederi_og_Ruteselskap>	Finnmark Fylkesrederi og Ruteselskap AS (FFR), formerly Finmarkens Amtsrederi (FAR), was a road ferry, fast ferry and bus operator owned by Finnmark County Municipality. The headquarters were located in Hammerfest. In addition they operated four Hertz car rental offices in Finnmark. In 2003, the company was sold to Veolia Transport's Norwegian branch; Veolia Transport Norge, and in 2007 the company was merged into Veolia Transport Nord.The company was established as Finmarkens Amtsrederi in 1916 as a shipping company, named Finnmark Fylkesrederi from 1925, and in 1937 also started bus transport, changing the name to Finnmark Fylkesrederi og Ruteselskap in July 1937 by order of the county governor of Finnmark. FFR have transported tourists to North Cape since the road there was opened in 1956.The Finnmark County Municipality, owner of FFR, decided in 1994 to make parts of the operation of public transport in the county subject to public service obligation (PSO) contracts, and the first area, concerning bus routes in East-Finnmark with a total of around 800,000 vehicle kilometres per year, was won by FFR in 1996. The contract lasted until 30 April 2002, and the area was then incorporated in FFR's general contract. The second area, concerning routes in central Finnmark was won by Nordtrafikk Buss in 1999. The second round for this area, concerning around 850,000 vehicle kilometres per year and 24 buses, was won back by FFR in 2004, with contract period from 1 January 2005 to 31 December 2009. In the third round in 2009, with contract period from 1 January 2010 to 31 December 2015, the company secured the contract again, beating Nordlandsbuss and Norgesbuss. In 2001, the third area, concerning bus routes in the municipalities of Måsøy and Nordkapp was also won by FFR. This contract was also later incorporated into FFR's general contract. The general contract was renegotiated in 2003, lasting until the end of 2007, and was then extended with eight years, ending on 31 December 2015.
<Andy_Capp>	Andy Capp is a British comic strip created by cartoonist Reg Smythe, seen in the Daily Mirror and the Sunday Mirror newspapers since 5 August 1957. Originally a single-panel cartoon, it was later expanded to four panels.The strip is syndicated internationally by Creators Syndicate. The character is also licensed as the mascot for a line of snack foods (Andy Capp's fries).
<Akihito>	The Emperor EmeritusThe Empress EmeritaThe Princess Mikasa
<Greg_Orman>	Gregory John Orman (born December 2, 1968) is an American politician, businessman, and entrepreneur. He ran as an independent to represent Kansas in the United States Senate in the 2014 election, earning 42.5 percent of the vote and losing to incumbent U.S. Senator Pat Roberts.On January 24, 2018, Orman announced he would run again as an independent this time for Kansas governor.  After the major party primaries in August 2018, polling indicated that in a three-way race Orman was at 19 percent, Democrat Laura Kelly at 32 percent and Republican Kris Kobach at 38 percent. Orman suspended his television ads and stopped actively fundraising in mid-September. In the November 6 general election, he received approximately 6.5% of the vote, 1.5% more than the victory margin of Democrat Laura Kelly over Republican Kris Kobach.
<Peterborough_United_F.C.>	Peterborough United Football Club is an English professional football club based in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire,  England. The team compete in League One, the third tier of the English football league system. Peterborough have a long-standing rivalry with nearby club Cambridge United, with whom they contest the Cambridgeshire derby. They have spent their entire history at London Road and are nicknamed "The Posh".Peterborough United formed in 1934 and joined the Midland League. Having won the Midland League title for five consecutive seasons from 1955-56, they were elected into the Football League in 1960. Peterborough immediately won the Fourth Division title in 1960–61, scoring a Football League record 134 goals. Relegated in 1968, they won another Fourth Division title in 1973–74, though suffered a further relegation in 1979. Peterborough were promoted back into the Third Division at the end of the 1990–91 season and reached the second tier with victory in the 1992 play-off final. However they returned to the fourth tier with relegations in 1994 and 1997.
<Nick_Leggett>	Nicholas Oliver Leggett (born 1979) is a former New Zealand politician and, as of 2016, a member of the New Zealand National Party. He was the previous Mayor of Porirua, and at the time of his election in October 2010, he was the youngest mayor in New Zealand.
<Jennifer_Lanthier>	Jennifer Deirdre Jane Lanthier (born February 29, 1964) is a Canadian children's author and journalist. Since August 2016 she has been the Director, U. of T. News at the University of Toronto.Lanthier was born in Toronto, Ontario to father Jim Lanthier and mother Jane McDougall, and spent her early years in Toronto, St. Catharines and Sudbury, Ontario. She attended secondary school first at Loyalist Collegiate Institute in Kingston, Ontario and then at North Toronto Collegiate Institute.Lanthier studied Political Science and History at the University of Toronto, University College, graduating with her Bachelor of Arts degree in 1985. While at U. of T. she was a council member of the college student government, The University College Literary and Athletic Society ("the Lit"), and a contributor to student newspapers The Gargoyle and The Newspaper.She then studied Journalism at Ryerson University in Toronto where she served as Editor of the Ryerson School of Journalism's student newspaper, The Ryersonian, and interned at the Ottawa Citizen before joining the newswire service United Press International.
<Nicole_Kidman>	Nicole Mary Kidman AC (born 20 June 1967) is an American-Australian actress and producer. Known for her work across various film and television productions from several genres, she has consistently ranked among the world's highest-paid actresses. She is the recipient of numerous accolades, including an Academy Award, a British Academy Film Award, two Primetime Emmy Awards and six Golden Globe Awards.Kidman began her acting career in Australia with the 1983 films Bush Christmas and BMX Bandits. Her breakthrough came in 1989 with the thriller film Dead Calm and the miniseries Bangkok Hilton. In 1990, she achieved international success with the action film Days of Thunder. She received greater recognition with lead roles in Far and Away (1992), Batman Forever (1995), To Die For (1995) and Eyes Wide Shut (1999). For her portrayal of writer Virginia Woolf in the drama The Hours (2002), Kidman won the Academy Award for Best Actress. She received additional Academy Award nominations for her roles in the musical Moulin Rouge! (2001) and the dramas Rabbit Hole (2010), Lion (2016) and Being the Ricardos (2021).
<Charles_Henry_Chapman_(politician)>	Charles Henry Chapman (1876 – 2 March 1957) was a New Zealand unionist and politician of the Labour Party and various predecessor parties.Chapman was born in London, England, in 1876. At the age of 17 he joined the Independent Labour Party (ILP) and was later secretary of the London ILP Federation. Chapman was a linotype operator by trade as well as a union secretary. Upon leaving England he was made a life member of the ILP. He emigrated to New Zealand in 1905.
<Jamie_Lee_Curtis>	Jamie Lee Curtis (born November 22, 1958) is an American actress, producer, children's author, and activist. She came to prominence with her portrayal of Lt. Barbara Duran on the ABC sitcom Operation Petticoat (1977–78). In 1978, she made her feature film debut playing Laurie Strode in John Carpenter's slasher film Halloween, which established her as a scream queen and led to a string of parts in horror films such as The Fog, Prom Night, Terror Train (all 1980) and Roadgames (1981). She reprised the role of Laurie in the sequels Halloween II (1981), Halloween H20: 20 Years Later (1998), Halloween: Resurrection (2002), Halloween (2018), Halloween Kills (2021), and Halloween Ends (2022). Curtis's film work spans many genres, including the cult comedies Trading Places (1983)—for which she won a BAFTA for Best Supporting Actress—and A Fish Called Wanda (1988), for which she received a BAFTA nomination for Best Actress. Her role in the 1985 film Perfect earned her a reputation as a sex symbol. She won a Golden Globe Award for her role as Helen Tasker in James Cameron's action thriller True Lies (1994). Curtis's other notable film credits include Blue Steel (1990), My Girl (1991), Forever Young (1992), Mother's Boys (1993), Virus (1999), Drowning Mona (2000), The Tailor of Panama (2001), Freaky Friday (2003), Christmas with the Kranks (2004), You Again (2010), Knives Out (2019), and Everything Everywhere All at Once (2022). To date, her films have grossed in excess of US$2.3 billion at the box office.
<Nellie_Connally>	Idanell Brill Connally (February 24, 1919 – September 1, 2006) was the First Lady of Texas from 1963 to 1969. She was the wife of John Connally, who served as Governor of Texas and later as Secretary of the Treasury.She and her husband were passengers in the Presidential limousine carrying United States President John F. Kennedy when he was assassinated in Dallas, Texas on November 22, 1963.Connally was born Idanell Brill in Austin, Texas, the eldest of five children of Kathleen Annie (née Inks) and Arno W. Brill.  She attended the University of Texas where she was named "Sweetheart of the University" in 1938. Connally initially had aspirations to become an actress but gave up those plans after meeting her future husband, John Connally, while attending UT in 1937. The two married in 1940.
<Margarethe_von_Trotta>	Margarethe von Trotta (German: [maʁ.ɡa.ˈʁeː.tə fɔn ˈtʁɔ.ta] (listen); born 21 February 1942) is a German film director, screenwriter, and actress. She has been referred to as a "leading force" of the New German Cinema movement. Von Trotta's extensive body of work has won awards internationally. She was married to and collaborated with director Volker Schlöndorff.  Although they made a successful team, von Trotta felt she was seen as secondary to Schlöndorff. Subsequently, she established a solo career for herself and became "Germany's foremost female film director, who has offered the most sustained and successful female variant of Autorenkino in postwar German film history". Certain aspects of von Trotta's work have been compared to Ingmar Bergman's features from the 1960s and 1970s.Von Trotta has been called "the world's leading feminist filmmaker". The predominant aim of her films is to create new representations of women. Her films are concerned with relationships between and among women (sisters, best friends, etc.), as well as with relationships between women and men, and include political settings. Nevertheless, she rejects the suggestion that she makes "women's films".
<Amber_House_(novel)>	Amber House is the first book in what was initially dubbed the Amber House Trilogy by American author Kelly Moore and her daughters Tucker Reed and Larkin Reed. The book follows narrator Sarah Parsons, who discovers she has the psychic ability of psychometry, enabling her to see into her own history as she stays at her family's ancestral estate outside of Annapolis, Maryland.Amber House is a young adult paranormal mystery novel. Critics have remained in disagreement over what genre Amber House best fits into; Kirkus Reviews dubbed it "horror romance," and Booklist cited the story's "Gothic feel," while Publishers Weekly claimed the story "straddles the lines between magical realism, fantasy, ghost stories, and horror, with a touch of romance and classic glamour." The authors categorize the book (and its sequels) as "a time travel series."The book begins at the funeral of Sarah's maternal grandmother, Ida. Sarah and her autistic brother, five-year-old Sammy, have never seen their mother's supposedly-haunted ancestral home; Anne was estranged from Ida, and she plans to sell Amber House and everything in it. Sarah meets her grandmother's nurse, Rose Valois, and Rose's teenaged grandson, Jackson. Sarah feels uncomfortable around Jackson because he seems to know things about her that her grandmother would have been unable to tell him due to how infrequently she and Sarah interacted while Ida was alive. Jackson mentions a local legend about a fortune of diamonds hidden in Amber House and offers to help Sarah find them. Even though Anne has already booked the family into a hotel, Sarah and Sammy conspire to hunt for the treasure and force Anne to stay in the house for the few days they will be in town.
<Gil_Gerard>	Gil Gerard (born January 23, 1943) is an American actor, whose roles include Captain William "Buck" Rogers in the 1979–81 television series Buck Rogers in the 25th Century.Gerard was born January 23, 1943 in Little Rock, Arkansas, to a college instructor mother and a salesman father. In 1960, he attended Maryknoll Seminary in Glen Ellyn, Illinois, and played the title role in an all-male production of The Music Man. He graduated from Little Rock Catholic High School for Boys, and later attended the University of Central Arkansas but dropped out before graduation/Gerard traveled to New York City, where he studied drama by day and drove a taxicab at night. Gerard picked up a fare who showed a lively interest in the problems of unknown, unemployed actors. Before he left the cab, he told Gerard to report in a few days to the set of Love Story, which was being filmed on location in New York. When Gerard arrived on the Love Story set, he was hired as an extra. Later that day, he was singled out for a "bit" part, but he was not included in the finished film.[citation needed]
<Çukurova_Holding>	Çukurova Holding, established in 1923, is an industrial and commercial conglomerate based in Turkey.  It is engaged in a range of sectors such as industrial, construction, communication and IT, media, transportation, financial services and energy.  Çukurova Holding managed its newspapers, magazines and radio stations under TurkMedya, in the Çukurova Media Group, but transferred most remaining media assets to the state TMSF in 2013, in settlement of a tax debt. Çukurova has been involved in litigation since 2005 over part-ownership of Turkcell.On 18 May 2013 Çukurova Media Group transferred a substantial number of its properties to the state TMSF, in partial settlement of a tax debt. With various media properties closed down in previous years, it leaves Çukurova with few media assets.Digiturk was incorporated as a digital platform in May, 1999.  Digiturk purchases, produces and packages Turkish content.  The company also produces television movies and series for Turkmax and owns the rights to most of these productions.  Digiturk provides its viewers with services such as Digiturk Mobil TV and Digiturk Web TV.  It is a wholly owned subsidiary of Cukurova Group.
<August_Wilhelm_von_Hofmann>	August Wilhelm von Hofmann (8 April 1818 – 5 May 1892) was a German chemist who made considerable contributions to organic chemistry. His research on aniline helped lay the basis of the aniline-dye industry, and his research on coal tar laid the groundwork for his student Charles Mansfield's practical methods for extracting benzene and toluene and converting them into nitro compounds and amines. Hofmann's discoveries include formaldehyde, hydrazobenzene, the isonitriles, and allyl alcohol. He prepared three ethylamines and tetraethylammonium compounds and established their structural relationship to ammonia.After studying under Justus von Liebig at the University of Giessen, Hofmann became the first director of the Royal College of Chemistry, now part of Imperial College London, in 1845. In 1865 he returned to Germany to accept a position at the University of Berlin as a teacher and researcher. After his return he co-founded the German Chemical Society (Deutsche Chemische Gesellschaft) (1867).In both London and Berlin, Hofmann recreated the style of laboratory instruction established by Liebig at Giessen, fostering a school of chemistry focused on experimental organic chemistry and its industrial applications.
<Charles_K._Kao>	Sir Charles Kao Kuen GBM KBE FRS FREng (November 4, 1933 – September 23, 2018) was an electrical engineer and  physicist who pioneered the development and use of fiber optics in telecommunications. In the 1960s, Kao created various methods to combine glass fibers with lasers in order to transmit digital data, which laid the groundwork for the evolution of the Internet.Kao was born in Shanghai; his family moved to Hong Kong when he was about 15. He grew up in Taiwan and Hong Kong before moving to London to study electrical engineering. In the 1960s, Kao worked at Standard Telecommunication Laboratories, the research center of Standard Telephones and Cables (STC) in Harlow, and it was here in 1966 that he laid the groundwork for fiber optics in communication. Known as the "godfather of broadband", the "father of fiber optics", and the "father of fiber optic communications", he continued his work in Hong Kong at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, and in the United States at ITT (the parent corporation for STC) and Yale University.  Kao was awarded the 2009 Nobel Prize in Physics for "groundbreaking achievements concerning the transmission of light in fibers for optical communication". In 2010, he was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II for “services to fiber optic communications”.
<Dalkhi_Thi_Saav_Chhutan>	Dalkhithi Saav Chhutan (Gujarati: ડાળખીથી સાવ છૂટાં) (English: Severed From Its Branch) is a collection of committed poetry in Gujarati written by Ashok Chavda 'Bedil'. The book won the Yuva Puraskar (2013) instituted by Sahitya Akademi, New Delhi. The book consists of deep and intense emotions of the poet expressed in different forms of poetry such as ghazal, Geet, and free verse. The poems in this book deal with social issues in India, such as castism and untouchability.The book consists of 24 ghazals, 3 muktaks, 15 geets, and 10 free verses. Most of the ghazals of this book have been composed in Arabic meters 'Khafif', 'Ramal' and 'Hazaj'. All the poems in this book are centered around the deep-rooted caste system of the country and the shattered dreams of Dalit - the historical and social tragedy that has been passed on from generation to generation.The book garnered critical acclaim from several Gujarati language authors and critics, including Raghuvir Chaudhari, Chandrakant Topiwala, Rajesh Pandya and Neerav Patel. A ghazal from this book that reflects the true emotions of the Dalit community, entitled Bahaar Rakhyo Chhe, is considered by some critics to be the best in its class, and has also appeared in Kavitachayan (2009), selected poems of the year, published by Gujarati Sahitya Parishad. Chandrakant Topiwala noted in Samipe (May 2014 Issue), the satire in a shear-like Hari nu ghar aam hoy chhe kevu?, Kem puchhi shakaay harijan thi? which reaches a height of poetry of Chakhoba.
<Susan_Einzig>	Susan Einzig (1922—2009) was a British illustrator, painter, printmaker and art teacher. She is best known for illustrating the children's book Tom's Midnight Garden by Philippa Pearce.Einzig was born Suzanne Henriette Einzig on 16 November 1922 in Dahlem, Berlin, into an affluent Jewish family. Her father, the managing director of a clothing company, encouraged her artistic talents, and at the age of 15 she began studying art at the Breuer School of Design. Two years later she travelled to England on one of the last Kindertransport trains before the outbreak of the Second World War. She was joined by her brother, and later by her mother, but her father died in Theresienstadt concentration camp.
<Baton_Rouge,_Louisiana>	Baton Rouge (/ˌbætən ˈruːʒ/ BAT-ən ROOZH; from French  Bâton-Rouge 'red stick') is a city in and the capital of the U.S. state of Louisiana. Located the eastern bank of the Mississippi River, it is the parish seat of East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana's most populous parish—the equivalent of counties in other U.S. states. Since 2020, it has been the 99th-most-populous city in the United States and the second-largest city in Louisiana, after New Orleans; Baton Rouge is the 18th-most-populous state capital. According to the 2020 United States census, the city-proper had a population of 227,470; its consolidated population was 456,781 in 2020. The city is the center of the Greater Baton Rouge area—Louisiana's second-largest metropolitan area—with a population of 870,569 as of 2020, up from 802,484 in 2010.The Baton Rouge area owes its historical importance to its strategic site upon the Istrouma Bluff, the first natural bluff upriver from the Mississippi River Delta at the Gulf of Mexico. This allowed development of a business quarter safe from seasonal flooding. In addition, it built a levee system stretching from the bluff southward to protect the riverfront and low-lying agricultural areas.
<The_Ghost_Sonata>	The Ghost Sonata (Swedish: Spöksonaten) is a play in three acts by the Swedish playwright August Strindberg. Written in 1907, it was first produced at Strindberg's Intimate Theatre in Stockholm on 21 January 1908. Since then, it has been staged by such notable directors as Max Reinhardt, Olof Molander, Roger Blin, and Ingmar Bergman. Bergman directed it four times: in 1941, 1954, 1973, and 2000. Strindberg took the title from Beethoven's Piano Sonata No. 17 in D minor, which he called 'The Gespenster Sonata', and also Piano Trio No. 5 in D major, known as the 'Ghost Trio'.The Ghost Sonata is a key text in the development of modernist drama and a vivid example of a chamber play. In it, Strindberg creates a world in which ghosts walk in bright daylight, a beautiful woman is transformed into a mummy and lives in the closet, and the household cook sucks all the nourishment out of the food before she serves it to her masters.The Ghost Sonata relates the adventures of a young student, who idealizes the lives of the inhabitants of a stylish apartment building in Stockholm. He makes the acquaintance of the mysterious Jacob Hummel, who helps him to find his way into the apartment, only to find that it is a nest of betrayal and sickness. The world, the student learns, is hell and human beings must suffer to achieve salvation. The play centers on a family of strangers who meet for the sake of meeting.  They exchange no dialogue, nor gestures; they simply sit and bask in their own misfortune.
<Anita_Roberts>	Anita Bauer Roberts (April 3, 1942 – May 26, 2006) was an American molecular biologist who made pioneering observations of a protein, TGF-β, that is critical in healing wounds and bone fractures and that has a dual role in blocking or stimulating cancers. She is ranked as one of the top 50 most cited biological scientists in the world.Roberts was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where she grew up. In 1964, she graduated with her bachelor's degree in chemistry at Oberlin College. She earned her PhD in biochemistry from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1968, working under Hector DeLuca on retinoid metabolism. She worked as a postdoctoral fellow at Harvard University, a staff chemist at Aerospace Research Applications Center, and an instructor in chemistry at Indiana University Bloomington. Roberts joined the National Cancer Institute in 1976. From 1995 to 2004, she served as Chief of the institute's Laboratory of Cell Regulation and Carcinogenesis, and continued her research there until her death in 2006.In the early 1980s, Roberts and her colleagues at the National Cancer Institute, part of the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, Maryland began to experiment with the protein transforming growth factor beta, commonly referred to as TGF-β.
<Peter_Hirsch>	Sir Peter Bernhard Hirsch HonFRMS FRS (born 16 January 1925) is a figure in British materials science who has made fundamental contributions to the application of transmission electron microscopy to metals. Hirsch attended Sloane Grammar School, Chelsea, and St Catharine's College, Cambridge. In 1946 he joined the Crystallography Department of the Cavendish to work for a PhD on work hardening in metals under W.H. Taylor and Lawrence Bragg. He subsequently carried out work, which is still cited, on the structure of coal.In the mid-1950s he pioneered the application of transmission electron microscopy (TEM) to metals and developed in detail the theory needed to interpret such images. He was a Fellow of Christ's College, Cambridge from 1960 to 1966 and was elected an Honorary Fellow of Christ's in 1978.  In 1965, with Howie, Whelan, Pashley and Nicholson, he published the text Electron microscopy of thin crystals. The following year he moved to Oxford to take up the Isaac Wolfson Chair in Metallurgy, succeeding William Hume-Rothery. He held this post until his retirement in 1992, building up the Department of Metallurgy (now the Department of Materials) into a world-renowned centre. Among many other honours, he was awarded the 1983 Wolf Foundation Prize in physics. He was elected to the Royal Society in 1963 and knighted in 1975.
<Esther_Williams>	Esther Jane Williams (August 8, 1921 – June 6, 2013) was an American competitive swimmer and actress. She set regional and national records in her late teens on the Los Angeles Athletic Club swim team. Unable to compete in the 1940 Summer Olympics because of the outbreak of World War II, she joined Billy Rose's Aquacade, where she took on the role vacated by Eleanor Holm after the show's move from New York City to San Francisco. While in the city, she spent five months swimming alongside Olympic gold-medal winner and Tarzan star Johnny Weissmuller. Williams caught the attention of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer scouts at the Aquacade. After appearing in several small roles, and alongside Mickey Rooney in an Andy Hardy film and future five-time co-star Van Johnson in A Guy Named Joe, Williams made a series of films in the 1940s and early 1950s known as "aquamusicals", which featured elaborate performances with synchronised swimming and diving.Every year from 1945 to 1949, Williams had at least one film among the 20 highest-grossing films of the year. In 1952, Williams appeared in her only biographical role, as Australian swimming star Annette Kellerman in Million Dollar Mermaid, which went on to become her nickname while she was at MGM. Williams left MGM in 1956 and appeared in a handful of unsuccessful feature films, followed by several extremely popular water-themed network television specials, including one from Cypress Gardens, Florida.
<Michael_Pepper>	Sir Michael Pepper FRS FREng HonFInstP (born 10 August 1942) is a British physicist notable for his work in semiconductor nanostructures.Pepper was born on 10 August 1942 to Morris and Ruby Pepper. He was educated at St Marylebone Grammar School, a grammar school in the City of Westminster, London that has since closed. He then went on to study physics at the University of Reading and graduated Bachelor of Science (BSc) in 1963. He remained at Reading to undertake postgraduate studies and completed his Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) degree in 1967.
<Bhagwatikumar_Sharma>	Bhagwatikumar Sharma (31 May 1934 – 5 September 2018) was an Indian author and journalist who wrote in Gujarati.  Born in Surat and educated in languages, he edited a daily for several years. He wrote novels, short stories, poetry, essays and criticism. He received Ranjitram Suvarna Chandrak in 1984 and Sahitya Akademi Award in 1988.Sharma was born in Surat on 31 May 1934 in Shrimali Brahmin family of Hargovind and Heeraben. His family was a native of Ahmedabad. His father was a pandit of Samveda. He completed the secondary school education in 1950 and left studies. He later completed his B. A. in Gujarati and English languages in 1968.He wrote his first poem, on the event of Mahatma Gandhi's death, on 31 January 1948. In 1951, his two sonnets were published for the first time in Gujaratmitra, a daily published from Surat. In 1953, he recited his poem for the first time in the poet meet. He joined the editing department of Gujarat Mitra in 1955. He served as the trustee of Kavi Narmad Yugavart Trust and vice-president of Narmad Sahityasabha, Surat. He also served as president of the Gujarati Sahitya Parishad from 2009 to 2011.
<The_Moor's_Account>	The Moor's Account is a novel by Laila Lalami. It was aPulitzer Prize for Fiction finalist in 2015.The Moor's Account is a fictional memoir of Estebanico, the Moroccan slave who survived the Narvaez expedition and accompanied Cabeza de Vaca. He is widely considered to be the first black explorer of America, but little is known about his early life except for one line in Cabeza de Vaca's chronicle: "The fourth [survivor] is Estebanico, an Arab Negro from Azamor."The story is narrated in the first person by Mustafa ibn Muhammad ibn Abdussalam al-Zamori, a Moroccan slave who has been taken by his Spanish master, Andrés de Dorantes, on an expedition to the New World. The expedition lands in Florida in the vicinity of what is now Tampa Bay. Under the leadership of Pánfilo de Narváez, the men leave their ships behind and travel inland to look for gold. As they journey northward, they face resistance by indigenous tribes, suffer from disease and starvation, and quarrel with one another. Within a year there are only four survivors: Cabeza de Vaca, the treasurer of the expedition; Alonso del Castillo, a young nobleman, Andrés de Dorantes, one of the captains; and his Moroccan slave, Mustafa, whom the other three Spaniards refer to as Estebanico. Together, these four survivors travel westward, crossing the continent and living among indigenous tribes, reinventing themselves along the way as faith healers. Some years later, they are found by a party of Spanish slavers and brought to Mexico City, where they are asked to provide testimony about their journey—all except the slave, who tells his own story in the novel.
<Le_Coucher_de_la_Mariée>	Le coucher de la mariée or Bedtime for the Bride or The Bridegroom's Dilemma is a French erotic short film considered to be one of the first erotic films made. The film was first screened in Paris in November 1896, within a year of the first public screening of a projected motion picture. The film was produced by Eugène Pirou and directed by Albert Kirchner under the pseudonym "Léar".A newlywed couple is in front of their wedding-bed after their wedding. The husband goes into raptures in front of his new wife, who simpers. She then asks him to withdraw while she undresses and he puts a folding screen between them. She removes one by one the many layers of clothes she wears  — a jacket, a dress, underskirts, sub-underskirts, a blouse. The husband does not stay in place, sometimes mopping his front, sometimes reading a newspaper, sometimes having lecherous looks above the folding screen. The actors send numerous glances towards the camera.
<Boise_Art_Museum>	The Boise Art Museum (BAM) is located at 670 Julia Davis Drive in Boise, Idaho, and is part of a series of public museums and cultural attractions in Julia Davis Park. It is the permanent home of a growing collection of contemporary realism, modern and contemporary ceramics, as well as the largest public collection of works by acclaimed Idaho outsider artist and bookmaker James Charles Castle. The museum also features major traveling exhibitions and installations throughout the year.The museum began as the Boise Gallery of Art, opening in 1937 through a partnership between the Boise Art Association, the City of Boise and the Federal Works Progress Administration as a space for people living in the Boise area to see local artists, traveling exhibitions and artwork on loan. The museum's original Art Deco and Egyptian Revival building was renovated in 1972 and again in 1988 when the name was changed to the Boise Art Museum and the museum increased focus on the development of a permanent collection and educational programming. In 1997, the museum was expanded again to include larger administrative offices, storage, a sculpture court and educational studios.Today the Boise Art Museum is the only AAM accredited museum collecting fine art in Idaho and functions as a center for fine arts in the Treasure Valley.
<State_Rail_Authority>	The State Rail Authority, a former statutory authority of the Government of New South Wales, operated and maintained railways in the Australian state of New South Wales from July 1980 until December 2003.The Transport Authorities Act 1980 separated the functions of the  Public Transport Commission (formerly responsible for all public transport) and established the State Rail Authority. The State Rail Authority assumed responsibility for trains, while the Urban Transit Authority responsibility for buses and ferries.
<Annette_Bening>	Annette Carol Bening (born May 29, 1958) is an American actress. She has received various accolades throughout her career spanning over four decades, including a British Academy Film Award and two Golden Globe Awards, in addition to nominations for a Primetime Emmy Award, two Tony Awards, and four Academy Awards.Bening began her career on stage with the Colorado Shakespeare Festival company in 1980, and played Lady Macbeth in 1984 at the American Conservatory Theater. She received nominations for the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play for her Broadway debut in Coastal Disturbances and for the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play for All My Sons. She is a four-time Academy Award nominee for her performances in the films The Grifters (1990), American Beauty (1999), Being Julia (2004), and The Kids Are All Right (2010). In 2006, she received a motion picture star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for her achievements in the film industry.
<Ramesh_Parekh>	Ramesh Parekh (1940-2006) was a Gujarati poet and lyricist from Gujarat, India. He was one of the most popular poets of modern Gujarati poetry. Though government servant by profession, he had deep interest in literature and music. He contributed heavily in field of poetry including geet, ghazal and non-lyrical poetry. He also wrote stories and contributed in Gujarati children's literature.Ramesh Parekh was born on 27 November 1940 at Amreli in Kapol Vanik family of Mohanlal and Narmadaben. He studied at Parekh Mehta Vidyalaya. His first story Pretni Duniya was published in Chandani, a story magazine when he was still in school. He completed his S.S.C. in 1958 with the first class. He received scholarship. He had interest in painting and wanted to join Sir J. J. School of Art but he could not join due to his financial condition. He joined Amreli district office in 1960. He continued his interest in painting and music. He continued writing stories till 1962 and also founded Moral Music Club. He started writing poetry in 1967. He met Anil Joshi in 1968 who encouraged him to write more poetry. His poems started being published in literary magazines.He retired from government service in 1988 and devoted his life to literary career. He moved to Rajkot from Amreli in 1997. He died on 17 May 2006 at Rajkot following a heart attack.
<Elizabeth_F._Neufeld>	Elizabeth Fondal Neufeld (born September 27, 1928) is a French-American geneticist whose research has focused on the genetic basis of metabolic disease in humans.Neufeld and her Russian Jewish family emigrated to the United States from Paris in 1940; they had left Europe as refugees to escape Nazi persecution. The family settled in New York, where she attended Hunter College High School before graduating from Queens College in 1948 with a Bachelor of Science. She went on to work as a research assistant at the Jackson Laboratory in Bar Harbor, Maine, looking at blood disorders in mice. Later on, she attended graduate school at University of California, Berkeley, where she earned a Ph.D. in 1956 for her work on nucleotides and complex carbohydrates.Neufeld has been widely recognized for her contributions to science. She is a member of the National Academy of Sciences and the American Philosophical Society. She was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1977. Neufeld has been awarded the Wolf Prize, the Albert Lasker Award for Clinical Medical Research, and was awarded the National Medal of Science in 1994 "for her contributions to the understanding of the lysosomal storage diseases, demonstrating the strong linkage between basic and applied scientific investigation."
<Government_of_India>	The Government of India (ISO: Bhārat Sarkār; often abbreviated as GoI), known as the Union Government or Central Government but often simply as the Centre, is the national government of the Republic of India, a federal democracy located in South Asia, consisting of 28 union states and eight union territories. Under the Constitution, there are three primary branches of government: the legislative, the executive and the judiciary, whose powers are vested in a bicameral Parliament, President, aided by the Council of Ministers, and the Supreme Court respectively. Through judicial evolution, the Parliament has lost its sovereignty as its amendments to the Constitution are subject to judicial intervention. Judicial appointments in India are unique in that the executive or legislature have negligle say.
<Eden_Riegel>	Eden Sonja Jane Riegel (born January 1, 1981) is an American actress. She portrayed Bianca Montgomery in the daytime drama All My Children, and propelled the character into a gay icon, as well as a popular figure within the medium. Nominated previously on multiple occasions, she received a Daytime Emmy Award for the role in 2005.In addition to her work on All My Children, Riegel has guest starred in several prime time shows, as well as film, and starred as character "Eden" in the web series Imaginary Bitches. She assumed the role of Heather Stevens on The Young and the Restless from April 2010 to November 2011.
<FC_Arsenal_Kyiv>	Football Club Arsenal Kyiv (Ukrainian: Футбо́льний Клуб Арсена́л–Київ) is a Ukrainian football club based in Kyiv. In 2019, the club's professional team was dissolved, but its junior teams continue to compete in city competitions.[citation needed] The club claims to be a successor of Kyiv Arsenal factory team which traces its history back to 1925. The original factory team used to compete in the Soviet Class B (later reorganized as Soviet Second League), but was relegated in 1964 and officially dissolved (lost professional status).The football club of the Ukrainian post-Soviet period was created in 1993 and brought to Kyiv from Boryspil by a geological company Geoton which was one of main sponsors of the Football Federation of Ukraine and Ukraine national football team in the beginning. In 1995–2001 through a merger, the club was reconstituted by the Ministry of Defense as a separate government enterprise not part of the Central Sports Club of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. During that period (1995–2001) it competed in the Ukrainian Top League under CSKA Kyiv brand as its senior (main) squad, while the original army squad continued to compete in lower leagues. In 1995 it was relocated to Kyiv playing at CSK ZSU Stadium and carried such names CSKA-Borysfen and CSKA, while the original FC CSKA Kyiv competing in lower leagues changed its name to CSKA-2 as its reserve squad. Due to difficulty of financing, the ownership of senior squad was transferred to the Kyiv city authorities during the winter break of 2001–02 as part of Oleksandr Omelchenko political project and the newly acquired squad was renamed as Arsenal in memory of the factory team.
<Christopher_Robbins>	Christopher Robbins (19 November 1946 – 24 December 2012) was a British writer and journalist. He is best known for his 1978 bestseller Air America, a non-fiction book which was made into a film in 1990. It is about the secret airline run by the CIA for covert operations during the Vietnam War.Christopher Robbins was born on 19 November 1946, in Bristol, where he grew up and attended Taunton School. A gifted schoolboy, he started working for free on the Evening World and then the Evening Post. At the age of sixteen he won a talent competition and become "junior jazz critic" for The Daily Telegraph another Bristol local newspaper. He later specialized in investigative work—especially about the CIA—writing pieces for the Observer Magazine.
<Richard_Arnowitt>	Richard Lewis Arnowitt (May 3, 1928 – June 12, 2014) was an American physicist known for his contributions to theoretical particle physics and to general relativity.Arnowitt was a Distinguished Professor (Emeritus) at Texas A&M University, where he was a member of the Department of Physics.His research interests were centered on supersymmetry and supergravity, from phenomenology (namely how to find evidence for supersymmetry at current and planned particle accelerators or in the guise of dark matter) to more theoretical questions of string and M theory.
<Google>	Google LLC (/ˈɡuːɡəl/ (listen)) is an American multinational technology company focusing on search engine technology, online advertising, cloud computing, computer software, quantum computing, e-commerce, artificial intelligence, and consumer electronics. It has been referred to as "the most powerful company in the world" and one of the world's most valuable brands due to its market dominance, data collection, and technological advantages in the area of artificial intelligence. Its parent company Alphabet is considered one of the Big Five American information technology companies, alongside Amazon, Apple, Meta, and Microsoft.Google was founded on September 4, 1998, by Larry Page and Sergey Brin while they were PhD students at Stanford University in California. Together they own about 14% of its publicly listed shares and control 56% of its stockholder voting power through super-voting stock. The company went public via an initial public offering (IPO) in 2004. In 2015, Google was reorganized as a wholly owned subsidiary of Alphabet Inc. Google is Alphabet's largest subsidiary and is a holding company for Alphabet's Internet properties and interests. Sundar Pichai was appointed CEO of Google on October 24, 2015, replacing Larry Page, who became the CEO of Alphabet. On December 3, 2019, Pichai also became the CEO of Alphabet.
<Guinea-Bissau_national_football_team>	The Guinea-Bissau national football team (Portuguese: Seleção nacional de futebol da Guiné-Bissau) represents Guinea-Bissau in men's international association football and it is controlled by the Football Federation of Guinea-Bissau, The team has never qualified for the FIFA World Cups but qualified for the Africa Cup of Nations three times, making their debut in 2017. The team is a member of both FIFA and Confederation of African Football (CAF).Guinea-Bissau entered their first FIFA World Cup qualification with the aim of reaching the 1998 World Cup in France. The first round of African qualification required for them to play Guinea in a two-legged match. The first leg was held at home in the Estadio 24 de Setembro in Bissau on 1 June 1996 with an attendance of 15,000. Guinea-Bissau went 2–0 up at half-time after strikes from Pereira Tavares in 11th and 36th minutes. Guinea's Titi Camara equalised with his own brace in the 53rd and 54th minutes. Guinea-Bissau's Co Cipriano won the game with a 60th-minute penalty to make it 3–2. The away leg was held at the Stade du 28 Septembre in Conakry. Momo Soumah of Guinea scored to level the tie at half-time before Nando Có scored a bicycle kick for Guinea-Bissau to put his side 4–3 up on aggregate, however another goal from Momo Soumah and a winner from Tibou Bangoura won the match for Guinea, giving them a 5–4 lead on aggregate.Guinea-Bissau had never progressed beyond the first round of qualification until the 2022 qualifiers where they defeated São Tomé and Príncipe 3–1 over two legs, thanks to three goals from Joseph Mendes.
<Cinema_Choopistha_Mava>	Cinema Choopistha Mava (transl. Check this film out, uncle)  is a 2015 Telugu-language romantic comedy film written and directed by Trinadha Rao Nakkina. The film stars Raj Tarun, Avika Gor, and Rao Ramesh. The title of the film is based on a song from Race Gurram (2014). The film is remade in Bengali as Girlfriend (2018) and Rangeela Rayabaa in MarathiMusic composed by shekar chandra.
<Jack_Eskew>	Jackson Whiteside Eskew Kenmore (July 29, 1940 – February 6, 2016[citation needed]), known professionally as Jack Eskew, was an American arranger and orchestrator based in Los Angeles, California. He studied music at the University of Southern California before beginning his career in the early 1960s by touring the United States as a trumpeter with various bands, most prominently with Harry James.Later in the 1960s, he led the band at Disneyland that appeared nightly in the famous subterranean rising stage, playing trumpet and piano. He subsequently became music director at Disneyland. During the 1960s and '70s, he musically supervised such television shows as the classic The Banana Splits Adventure Hour, The Sonny and Cher Show, and The Mac Davis Show.From the early 1980s, Eskew worked with Oscar-winning film composer Bill Conti (best known for his scores of the Rocky series and The Right Stuff) and subsequently orchestrated The Karate Kid series, Baby Boom, Betrayed, A Prayer for the Dying, Broadcast News, The Addams Family, Rookie of the Year, Huckleberry Finn, The Big Blue, the Pierce Brosnan remake of The Thomas Crown Affair, Spy Hard, 8 Seconds, and Rocky Balboa, among others. Continuing his long collaboration with Conti, Eskew also orchestrated numerous telecasts of the annual Academy Awards with Conti serving at the helm as musical director and on-air conductor.
<Merv_Adelson>	Mervyn Lee Adelson (October 23, 1929 – September 8, 2015) was an American real estate developer and television producer who co-founded Lorimar Television.Adelson was born to a Jewish family in Los Angeles on October 23, 1929 to Nathan and Pearl Adelson (née Swartz). His parents were the children of immigrants from Russia who had settled in Nebraska. He worked in a grocery store run by his family as a child.In the 1950s Adelson established himself in Las Vegas where he first met Irwin Molasky and Moe Dalitz. The trio were responsible for building the Las Vegas Country Club as well as what became Sunrise Hospital and Medical Center. Molasky and Adelson later opened Omni La Costa Resort and Spa in 1965. Adelson soon left the real estate industry and co-founded Lorimar Television with Molasky and Lee Rich in 1969.
<Finders_Keepers_(1991_UK_game_show)>	Finders Keepers is a British children's game show based on the original American format of the same name. It was originally broadcast on ITV between 12 April 1991 and 6 August 1996, hosted by Neil Buchanan. It was then revived from 6 January to 14 April 2006, hosted by Jeff Brazier.Two teams of two called the green meanies and the yellow terrors are given the opportunity to "raid the room" across eight rooms and two rounds to find hidden objects, found by clues read out by the host prior to raiding. Each room raid lasted 30 seconds and if the object was found, won the team 25 points in the first round, and 50 points in the second.  If a team did not find their object, the points went to the other team. Each raid was hectic because the rooms had streamers, confetti, and Silly String raining from the ceiling as the raids went on.
<Roger_B._Chaffee>	Roger Bruce Chaffee (/ˈtʃæfiː/; February 15, 1935 – January 27, 1967) was an American naval officer, aviator and aeronautical engineer who was a NASA astronaut in the Apollo program.
<Brian_Schmidt>	Brian Paul Schmidt AC, FRS, FAA (born 24 February 1967) is the Vice-Chancellor of the Australian National University (ANU). He was previously a Distinguished Professor, Australian Research Council Laureate Fellow and astrophysicist at the University's Mount Stromlo Observatory and Research School of Astronomy and Astrophysics. He is known for his research in using supernovae as cosmological probes. He currently holds an Australian Research Council Federation Fellowship and was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS) in 2012. Schmidt shared both the 2006 Shaw Prize in Astronomy and the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physics with Saul Perlmutter and Adam Riess for providing evidence that the expansion of the universe is accelerating, making him the only Montana-born Nobel laureate.Schmidt, an only child, was born in Missoula, Montana, where his father Dana C. Schmidt was a fisheries biologist. When he was 13, his family relocated to Anchorage, Alaska.
<Lew_Ayres>	Lewis Frederick Ayres III (December 28, 1908 – December 30, 1996) was an American actor whose film and television career spanned 65 years. He is best known for starring as German soldier Paul Bäumer in the film All Quiet on the Western Front (1930) and for playing Dr. Kildare in nine films.  He was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance in Johnny Belinda (1948).Ayres was born in Minneapolis to Irma Bevernick and Louis Ayres, who divorced when he was four. Louis, an amateur musician and court reporter, remarried soon afterwards.
<Provo,_Utah>	Provo (/ˈproʊvoʊ/ PROH-voh) is the fourth-largest city in Utah, United States. It is 43 miles (69 km) south of Salt Lake City along the Wasatch Front. Provo is the largest city and county seat of Utah County and is home to Brigham Young University (BYU).Provo lies between the cities of Orem to the north and Springville to the south. With a population at the 2020 census of 115,162. Provo is the principal city in the Provo-Orem metropolitan area, which had a population of 526,810 at the 2010 census. It is Utah's second-largest metropolitan area after Salt Lake City.
<The_King's_School,_Ottery_St_Mary>	The King's School is a secondary school and sixth form located in Ottery St Mary, Devon, England. It was established as a choir school by the bishop John Grandisson in 1335, but was replaced by a grammar school by Henry VIII in 1545. It became a comprehensive school in 1982, and an academy in 2011. The school's pupils are mainly drawn from its five feeder primaries in the surrounding area: Ottery St Mary primary school, West Hill Primary School, Payhembury Church of England Primary School, Feniton Church of England Primary School and Tipton St John Church of England Primary School.The school has access to facilities shared with the public, the Colin Tooze Sports Centre. Rob Gammon became headteacher in 2016, succeeding Faith Jarrett.
<William_T._Orr>	William T. Orr (born William Ferdinand Quinn Jr.; September 27, 1917 – December 25, 2002) was an American actor and television producer associated with various Western and detective programs of the 1950s-1970s.  In most of his Warner Bros. series, he was billed as "Wm. T. Orr." Orr began his career as an actor; his film credits included The Mortal Storm, The Gay Sisters, and The Big Street.Orr was the son of William Ferdinant Quinn Sr., a stockbroker and alderman, and Gladys Quinn. The Quinns divorced in 1923, and Gladys married Morrison B. Orr, "heir to the Orr Felt & Blanket Company fortune". After the marriage, the son became known as William Turney Orr. He had a half-sister, Maury, who later worked as a TV director.Orr was educated at the Coburn School in Miami, Rumsey Hall School, and Phillips Exeter Academy. In 1934, he was elected as a member of the Christian Fraternity Cabinet, "a board of twelve students prominent in school activities" at Phillips Exeter". When he was 18, he moved with his half-sister and his divorced mother to Los Angeles. He worked as a model, studied acting with Ben Bard, and performed in some plays. An agent arranged a screen test for Orr, but it was unsuccessful.
<Preston_North_End_F.C.>	Preston North End Football Club, commonly referred to as Preston, North End or PNE, is a professional football club in Preston, Lancashire, England, who currently play in the EFL Championship, the second tier of the English football league system. Originally a cricket club, Preston has been based at Deepdale since 1875. The club first took up football in 1878 as a winter fitness activity and decided to focus on it in May 1880, when the football club was officially founded. Deepdale is now football's oldest ground in terms of continuous use by a league club.Preston North End was a founder member of the Football League in 1888. In the 1888–89 season, the team won both the inaugural league championship and the FA Cup, the latter without conceding a goal. They were the first team to achieve the "Double" in English football and, as they were unbeaten in all matches, are remembered as "The Invincibles". Preston won the league championship again in 1889–90 but their only major success since then has been their 1938 FA Cup Final victory over Huddersfield Town. The club's most famous players have been Tom Finney and Bill Shankly, who are both commemorated at Deepdale by stands named after them. Other notable players include Tommy Docherty, Alan Kelly Sr., Graham Alexander and Paul Gallagher.
<Catalyst_(novel)>	Catalyst is a 2002 novel by American writer Laurie Halse Anderson, published September 2002 by Viking Press. The book tells the story of Kate Malone, a preacher's daughter and high school student who is excellent in chemistry and aspires to attend the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), but faces multiple tragic circumstances, ranging from rejection by MIT, to her neighbor Teri Litch's house burning down at the end of her senior year. The book is set in the same fictional setting as Anderson's previous novel Speak.Catalyst received positive reviews from The Book Report, Publishers Weekly, Booklist, and Kirkus. Teenreads.com put Catalyst on its Ultimate Teen Reading List.
<University_of_Tokyo>	Coordinates: 35°42′48″N 139°45′44″E﻿ / ﻿35.71333°N 139.76222°E﻿ / 35.71333; 139.76222The University of Tokyo (東京大学, Tōkyō daigaku), abbreviated as Todai (東大, Tōdai) or UTokyo, is a public research university located in Bunkyō, Tokyo, Japan. Established in 1877, the university was the first Imperial University and is currently a Top Type university of the Top Global University Project by the Japanese government.UTokyo has 10 faculties, 15 graduate schools and enrolls about 30,000 students, about 4,200 of whom are international students. In particular, the number of privately funded international students, who account for more than 80%, has increased 1.75 times in the 10 years since 2010, and the university is focusing on supporting international students. Its five campuses are in Hongō, Komaba, Kashiwa, Shirokane and Nakano. 
<Yol>	Yol (pronounced [joɫ]; translated as The Way, The Road or The Path) is a 1982 Turkish film directed by Şerif Gören and Yılmaz Güney. The screenplay was written by Yılmaz Güney, and it was directed by his assistant Şerif Gören, as Güney was in prison at the time. Later, after Güney escaped from Imrali prison, he took the negatives of the film to Switzerland and later edited it in Paris.The film is a portrait of Turkey in the aftermath of the 1980 Turkish coup d'état: its people and its authorities are shown via the stories of five prisoners given a week's home leave. The film has caused much controversy in Turkey, and was banned until 1999. However, it won numerous honours, including the Palme d'Or at the 1982 Cannes Film Festival.In Turkey, several prisoners are granted temporary leave from prison. One, Seyit Ali (Tarık Akan), travels to his house and finds that his wife Zine (Şerif Sezer), to survive, has had to turn to prostitution. She was caught by her family and held captive for eight months in order for Seyit Ali to end her life in an honour killing. Though apparently determined at first, he changes his mind when his wife starts to freeze while travelling in the snow. Despite his efforts to keep her alive, he eventually fails. His wife's death relieves Seyit Ali from family pressure.
<National_Center_for_Atmospheric_Research>	The US National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR /ˈɛnkɑːr/) is a US federally funded research and development center (FFRDC) managed by the nonprofit University Corporation for Atmospheric Research (UCAR) and funded by the National Science Foundation (NSF). NCAR has multiple facilities, including the I. M. Pei-designed Mesa Laboratory headquarters in Boulder, Colorado. Studies include meteorology, climate science, atmospheric chemistry, solar-terrestrial interactions, environmental and societal impacts.NCAR was instrumental in developing lidar, light radar, now a key archaeological tool, as well as providing a broad array of tools and technologies to the scientific community for studying Earth’s atmosphere, including,The center is staffed by scientists, engineers, technicians, and support personnel. Key research areas include:
<Silvio_Santos>	Senor Abravanel, known professionally as Silvio Santos (Portuguese: /ˈsiwvju ˈsɐ̃tus/) (born December 12, 1930), is a Brazilian entrepreneur, media tycoon and television host. He is the owner of holdings that include SBT, the second largest television network in the country. His net worth was US$3.2 billion in 2020. He is the host of the second longest running Brazilian program:  Programa Silvio Santos, aired since 1963. He is also the only celebrity in the country on the list of billionaires by Forbes magazine. The magazine also states that "there is no one more famous than Silvio Santos in Brazil."Abravanel is the son of Sephardic Jewish immigrants born in the Ottoman Empire. His father, Alberto Abravanel, was born in Thessalonica (today Greece) in 1897, and his mother, Rebecca Caro, was born in Smyrna (today Turkey) in 1907. Both died in Rio de Janeiro (in 1976 and 1989 respectively) and are buried side by side in the Jewish Cemetery of Caju in Rio de Janeiro city. On his paternal side, Silvio Santos is a descendant of Isaac Abravanel.
<University_of_Puerto_Rico>	The University of Puerto Rico (Spanish: Universidad de Puerto Rico, UPR) is the main public university system in the U.S. Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. It is a government-owned corporation with 11 campuses and approximately 58,000 students and 5,300 faculty members. UPR has the largest and most diverse academic offerings in the commonwealth, with 472 academic programs of which 32 lead to a doctorate.In 1900, at Fajardo, the Escuela Normal Industrial (normal school) was established as the first higher education center in Puerto Rico. Its initial enrollment was 20 students and 5 professors. The following year it was moved to Río Piedras. On March 12, 1903, the legislature authorized founding of the University of Puerto Rico, and that day the "Escuela Normal" was proclaimed as its first department.In 1908, the Morrill-Nelson Act was extended to Puerto Rico, making the University a "Land Grant College," which authorizes the use of federal land to establish colleges of agriculture, science and engineering. Two years later, in 1910, the College of Liberal Arts was established and the year following that the College of Agriculture at Mayagüez came into being. In 1912, the name was changed to College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts.
<Gratton_Wilson>	John Gratton Wilson (18 August 1863 – 20 August 1948) was an Australian politician. He was a member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly for Villiers and Heytesbury from 1902 to 1903 and a Free Trade Party member of the Australian House of Representatives for Corangamite from 1903 to 1910.Gratton Wilson was born in Melbourne and educated at the Percy Watkins School in West Melbourne and Wesley College. He studied medicine at the University of London and practised in Somerset, England until 1896, when he returned to Australia, becoming a doctor and farmer at "Farnham Park" near Warrnambool. He was the Warrnambool president of the Australian Natives Association, honorary secretary of the Warrnambool Hospital and secretary of a local Patriotic League.
<Carmen_de_Lavallade>	Carmen de Lavallade (born March 6, 1931) is an American actress, choreographer and dancer.de Lavallade was born in Los Angeles, California, on March 6, 1931, to Creole parents from New Orleans, Louisiana. She was raised by her aunt, Adele, who owned one of the first African-American history bookshops on Central Avenue. De Lavallade's cousin, Janet Collins, was the first Creole/African descendant prima ballerina at the Metropolitan Opera.
<Pirelli>	Coordinates: 45°31′10″N 9°12′40″E﻿ / ﻿45.5195317°N 9.2111299°E﻿ / 45.5195317; 9.2111299Pirelli & C. S.p.A. is a multinational tyre manufacturer based in Milan, Italy. The company, which has been listed on the Milan Stock Exchange since 1922, is the 6th-largest tyre manufacturer and is focused on the consumer production of tyres for cars, motorcycles and bicycles. It is present in Europe, the Asia-Pacific, Latin America, North America and the Post-Soviet states, operating commercially in over 160 countries. It has 19 manufacturing sites in 13 countries and a network of around 14,600 distributors and retailers. In 2015, China National Chemical Corp. Ltd. (ChemChina) took controlling interest of Pirelli - with the Chinese state-owned company agreeing to maintain the tire company's ownership structure until 2023.Pirelli has been sponsoring sport competitions since 1907 and is the exclusive tyre partner and supplier for the Grand-Am Rolex Sports Car Series for 2008–2010, FIA Formula One World Championship for 2011–present and for the FIM World Superbike Championship. Pirelli's headquarters are located in Milan's Bicocca district.
<National_Cheng_Kung_University>	National Cheng Kung University (NCKU; Chinese: 國立成功大學) is a public research university located in Tainan, Taiwan. The university is best known for engineering, computer science, medicine, and planning and design.As a top university in Taiwan, NCKU has played a vital role in creating the Taiwan Miracle by helping Taiwan to transform from an agriculture-based society to an industrialized economy during the 1960s and 1970s, and further becoming one of the Four Asian Tigers. NCKU has been taking the top spot at the Global Views Monthly (遠見雜誌) Taiwan Graduate Employability Rankings for 6 consecutive years.In 2005, NCKU was chosen by the Ministry of Education (Taiwan) as one of the seven universities in Taiwan for the Aim for the Top University Project (邁向頂尖大學計畫), which is similar to Top Global University Project in Japan and Universities of Excellence in Germany. Starting from 2006, because of its academic performance and research potential, the Ministry of Education (Taiwan) has offered NCKU NT$1.7 billion annually for five consecutive years, which is the second highest amount received among the universities in the project.
<Luis_Caffarelli>	Luis Angel Caffarelli (born December 8, 1948) is an Argentine mathematician and luminary in the field of partial differential equations and their applications.Caffarelli was born and grew up in Buenos Aires. He obtained his Masters of Science (1968) and Ph.D. (1972) at the University of Buenos Aires. His Ph.D. advisor was Calixto Calderón. He currently holds the Sid Richardson Chair at the University of Texas at Austin. He also has been a professor at the University of Minnesota, the University of Chicago, and the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences at New York University. From 1986 to 1996 he was a professor at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton.Caffarelli received great recognition with his breakthrough paper "The regularity of free boundaries in higher dimensions" published in 1977 in Acta Mathematica. Since then, he has been considered one of the world's leading experts in free boundary problems and nonlinear partial differential equations. He developed several regularity results for fully nonlinear elliptic equations including the Monge-Ampere equation. He is also famous for his contributions to homogenization.  Recently, he has taken an interest in Integro-differential equations.
<Reid_House_(Atlanta,_Georgia)>	The Reid House at 1325-1327 Peachtree St., NE, in Atlanta, Georgia, known also as Garrison Apartments (during 1924–26) and as 1325 Apartments (during 1926–74), was built as a luxury apartment building in 1924.  It was the third luxury apartment building built in Atlanta.  It received a $2 million renovation during 1974 and was converted to a luxury condominium building in 1975.  The ten-story building was designed by architect Philip T. Shutze of architectural firm Hentz, Reid and Adler in Classical Revival architecture.  The 1974 renovation was by architect Eugene I. Lowry.There are four stacks of apartments, and each stack has the same, unique floor plan.  The building is divided in two halves so that each stack shares a formal elevator lobby with only the apartment across the elevator lobby--semi-private.  This building is a rare example in Atlanta of a Manhattan style "classic six and classic eight" pre-war apartment building.
<Stella_Maris_College_(Montevideo)>	The Christian Brothers College of Montevideo, commonly referred as Stella Maris College – Christian Brothers or just Christian, is a private, co-educational, not-for-profit Catholic school run by the Christian Brothers of Ireland. The school, is located in the residential neighborhood of Carrasco Norte, Montevideo, Uruguay. The school's head master is Patricia Ponce de Leon. The school is a member of the International Baccalaureate Organization (IBO), currently offering the International Baccalaureate Diploma Program (IBDP). The college also offers valuable international exams such as the IGCSE programs and the A levels. It has a very long list of distinguished former pupils, including economists, engineers, architects, lawyers, politicians and even F1 champions.The school has also played an important part in the development of rugby union in Uruguay, with the creation of Old Christians Club, the school's alumni club.The school is located in the south-east neighborhood of Carrasco Norte in Montevideo's metropolitan area.
<Hans_Christian_Ørsted>	Hans Christian Ørsted (/ˈɜːrstɛd/ UR-sted, Danish: [ˈhænˀs ˈkʰʁestjæn ˈɶɐ̯steð] (listen); often rendered Oersted in English; 14 August 1777 – 9 March 1851) was a Danish physicist and chemist who discovered that electric currents create magnetic fields, which was the first connection found between electricity and magnetism. Oersted's law and the oersted unit (Oe) are named after him.A leader of the Danish Golden Age, Ørsted was a close friend of Hans Christian Andersen and the brother of politician and jurist Anders Sandøe Ørsted, who served as Prime Minister of Denmark from 1853 to 1854.
<Crystal_Palace_F.C.>	Crystal Palace Football Club is a professional football club based in Selhurst in the Borough of Croydon, South London, England, who compete in the Premier League, the highest level of English football. Although formally created as a professional outfit in 1905, the club's origins can be traced as far back as 1861, when an amateur Crystal Palace football team was established at the Crystal Palace Exhibition building. This has led to claims by the club that Crystal Palace should be recognised as the oldest professional football club in the world, after historians discovered a lineage through the Crystal Palace Company. Both the amateur and professional clubs played inside the grounds of the Palace, with the professional club using the FA Cup Final stadium for its home games until 1915, when they were forced to leave due to the outbreak of the First World War. In 1924, they moved to their current home at Selhurst Park.The amateur club became one of the original founder members of the Football Association in 1863, and competed in the first ever FA Cup competition in 1871–72, reaching the semi-finals where they lost to the Royal Engineers. They played in the FA Cup over the next four seasons, but disappeared from historical records after a match against Barnes F.C. on 18 December 1875. Shortly after Crystal Palace returned to existence in 1905 as a professional club, they applied for election to the Football League, but were rejected and instead played in the Southern League. Palace did eventually join the Football League in 1920, and have overall spent the majority of their league history competing in the top two tiers of English football. Since 1964, they have only dropped below the second tier once, for three seasons between 1974 and 1977. During their period in the top flight in the late 1980s and early 1990s, the club achieved their highest ever league finish of third place in the old First Division, now known as the Premier League, in the 1990–91 season. Palace were unfortunate to miss out on qualification for the UEFA Cup at the end of that season due to the limited number of European places available to English clubs after the lifting of the UEFA ban caused by the Heysel Stadium disaster. It was also during this period that Palace reached the 1990 FA Cup Final losing to Manchester United after a replay, and they became founder members of the Premier League in 1992. Following their relegation from the Premier League in 1998, Palace went into decline after suffering financial problems which resulted in the club going into administration twice in 1999 and 2010, but they recovered and returned to the Premier League in 2013 where they have remained ever since, and reached another FA Cup final in 2016, again finishing runners-up to Manchester United.
<Jack_Schwartzman>	Jack Schwartzman (July 22, 1932 – June 15, 1994) was an American film producer.Jack Schwartzman was born on July 22, 1932, in New York City. He had a brother, Leonard Schwartzman, who became a physician.Schwartzman was an entertainment attorney (clients included director Hal Ashby) and in the late 1970s was an executive at Lorimar Films. Schwartzman later became a film producer; among the films he produced were the 1983 non-Eon James Bond film Never Say Never Again, starring Sean Connery and the 1986 film Rad, starring Bill Allen. His production company, Taliafilm, was named after second wife, actress Talia Shire.
<Rashid_Ahmed_Khan_Tahirkheli>	Rashid Ahmed Khan Tahirkheli was the vice-chancellor of Gandhara University. Prior to his appointment he was Director of the Geology Department and ex Vice-Chancellor at Peshawar University. He was also Professor Emeritus in the National Centre of Excellence in Geology, University of Peshawar. His scholarly reputation rests on his contributions to the Geology of the Himalayas, Karakoram and Hindukush. He received prizes including Sitara-i-Imtiaz in 1982.Prior to becoming Vice-Chancellor of Gandhara University, Tahirkheli was Vice-Chancellor of the University of Peshawar, 1982–1987; Professor and director, Center of Excellence in Geology, 1978–1988; Chairman, Department of Geology, 1964–1978; Reader and chairman, Department of Geology, 1964–1969; Senior Geologist/Deputy Director at the Geological Survey of Pakistan, 1962–1964; Geologist, 1959–1962, and Assistant, Geologist, 1951–1958.
<Ivan_Goncharov>	Ivan Alexandrovich Goncharov (/ˈɡɒntʃərɒf/, also US: /-rɔːf/; Russian: Ива́н Алекса́ндрович Гончаро́в, tr. Iván Aleksándrovich Goncharóv, IPA: [ɪˈvan ɐlʲɪkˈsandrəvʲɪdʑ ɡənʲtɕɪˈrof]; 18 June [O.S. 6 June] 1812 – 27 September [O.S. 15 September] 1891) was a Russian novelist best known for his novels The Same Old Story (1847), Oblomov (1859), and The Precipice (1869, also translated as Malinovka Heights). He also served in many official capacities, including the position of censor.Goncharov was born in Simbirsk into the family of a wealthy merchant; as a reward for his grandfather's military service, they were elevated to gentry status. He was educated at a boarding school, then the Moscow College of Commerce, and finally at Moscow State University. After graduating, he served for a short time in the office of the Governor of Simbirsk, before moving to Saint Petersburg where he worked as government translator and private tutor, while publishing poetry and fiction in private almanacs. Goncharov's first novel, A Common Story, was published in Sovremennik in 1847.
<E._H._Moore>	Eliakim Hastings Moore (/ɪˈlaɪəkɪm/; January 26, 1862 – December 30, 1932), usually cited as E. H. Moore or E. Hastings Moore, was an American mathematician.Moore, the son of a Methodist minister and grandson of US Congressman Eliakim H. Moore, discovered mathematics through a summer job at the Cincinnati Observatory while in high school. He subsequently studied mathematics at Yale University, where he was a member of Skull and Bones and obtained a BA in 1883 and the PhD in 1885 with a thesis supervised by Hubert Anson Newton, on some work of William Kingdon Clifford and Arthur Cayley. Newton encouraged Moore to study in Germany, and thus he spent an academic year at the University of Berlin, attending lectures by Leopold Kronecker and Karl Weierstrass.On his return to the United States, Moore taught at Yale and at Northwestern University. When the University of Chicago opened its doors in 1892, Moore was the first head of its mathematics department, a position he retained until his death in 1932. His first two colleagues were Oskar Bolza and Heinrich Maschke. The resulting department was the second research-oriented mathematics department in American history, after Johns Hopkins University. 
<Ray_Colcord>	Ray Colcord III (December 24, 1949 – February 5, 2016) was an American film and television composer known for TV series such as 227, Silver Spoons, My Two Dads, Dinosaurs, Big Brother, and Boy Meets World. He is a former governor of the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences, a past President of the Society of Composers & Lyricists, served on the board of directors of the Film Preservation Society and was a member of the National Film Preservation Board. He has received ASCAP, BMI, and Dramalogue awards.Prior to his film and television career, Colcord worked as a session musician and an A&R (Artists & Repertoire) representative for Columbia Records, was responsible for Aerosmith's signing, and co-produced their second album, Get Your Wings. He was the first music director of the Los Angeles improvisational comedy group The Groundlings.Colcord played keyboards on the Lou Reed live album Rock n Roll Animal (1974). Ray also played keyboards on American Pie, the album by Don McLean.
<Richard_Rodriguez>	Richard Rodriguez (born July 31, 1944) is an American writer who became famous as the author of Hunger of Memory: The Education of Richard Rodriguez (1982), a narrative about his intellectual development.He was born on July 31, 1944, into a Mexican immigrant family in San Francisco, California. Rodriguez spoke Spanish until he went to a Catholic school at 6. As a youth in Sacramento, California, he delivered newspapers and worked as a gardener. He graduated from Sacramento's Christian Brothers High School.Rodriguez received a B.A. from Stanford University, an M.A. from Columbia University, was a Ph.D. candidate in English Renaissance literature at the University of California, Berkeley, and attended the Warburg Institute in London on a Fulbright fellowship.  A noted prose stylist, Rodriguez has worked as a teacher, international journalist, and educational consultant, and he has appeared regularly on the Public Broadcasting Service show, NewsHour. Rodriguez's visual essays, Richard Rodriguez Essays, on "The News Hour with Jim Lehrer" earned Rodriguez a Peabody Award in 1997. Rodriguez’s books include Hunger of Memory: The Education of Richard Rodriguez (1982), a collection of autobiographical essays; Mexico's Children (1990); Days of Obligation: An Argument With My Mexican Father (1992), which was nominated for the Pulitzer Prize; Brown: The Last Discovery of America (2002); and Darling: A Spiritual Autobiography (2013). Rodriguez's works have also been published in Harper's Magazine, Mother Jones, and Time.
<Deborah_Walley>	Deborah Walley (August 12, 1941 – May 10, 2001) was an American actress noted for playing the title role in Gidget Goes Hawaiian (1961) and appearing in several beach party films.Walley was born in Bridgeport, Connecticut to Ice Capades skating stars and choreographers Nathan and Edith Walley. When she was three years old, she made her first public appearance at Madison Square Garden.
<Alfred_Conroy>	Alfred Hugh Beresford Conroy (7 April 1864 – 28 November 1920) was an Australian politician. Born in Winchelsea, Victoria, he was educated at Hawthorn Grammar School in Melbourne. Becoming a bank clerk and surveyor, he moved to Goulburn in New South Wales in 1883. In 1893 he became a barrister, and he was an alderman on Goulburn Council. In 1901, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the inaugural member for Werriwa, representing the Free Trade Party. In 1906, he was defeated by Labor candidate David Hall, but in 1913 he was returned to the Parliament, again as the member for Werriwa but this time representing the Commonwealth Liberal Party. He was defeated again in 1914, and retired, dying in 1920.
<Allan_Wu>	Allan Wu (Chinese: 吴振天; pinyin: Wú Zhèntiān, born Chinese: 吴振宇; pinyin: Wú Zhènyù on June 11, 1972) is a Singapore-based Chinese-American actor, host, VJ and former model.He is perhaps best known for being the host of 3 different editions of the popular reality game show, The Amazing Race. He was the host of 5 seasons of AXN Asia's The Amazing Race Asia, 3 seasons of International Channel Shanghai's The Amazing Race: China Rush and 4 seasons of Shenzhen Media Group's Chinese edition of The Amazing Race.Wu decided to change his Chinese name because it was similar to Hong Kong film star Francis Ng (Chinese: 吳鎮宇; pinyin: Wú Zhènyù).
<Colin_Ford>	Colin Ford (born September 12, 1996) is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Josh Wheeler in Daybreak, Joe McAlister in Under the Dome, the voice of Jake on Jake and the Never Land Pirates, Mikey on Can You Teach My Alligator Manners?, which earned him a Young Artist Award, young Sam Winchester in Supernatural and Dylan Mee in the family movie We Bought a Zoo.Ford was born in Nashville, Tennessee. He attended Campbell Hall School. He later attended Oaks Christian School, a college preparatory school in Westlake Village, California.
<Church_of_Our_Lady_of_Guadalupe_(Manhattan)>	Coordinates: 40°44′21.39″N 74°0′3.32″W﻿ / ﻿40.7392750°N 74.0009222°W﻿ / 40.7392750; -74.0009222The Church of Our Lady of Guadalupe (Spanish: Nuestra Señora de Guadalupe), is a former parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York, located at 229 West 14th Street, between Seventh and Eighth Avenues, in the Chelsea section of Manhattan in New York City.With the merger in 2003 of the Parish of Our Lady of Guadalupe with the Parish of St. Bernard, farther west at 328 West 14th Street, the function was transferred to the nearby St. Bernard Church and the church was converted to other uses.
<Amos_Alonzo_Stagg_Award>	The Amos Alonzo Stagg Award is presented annually by the American Football Coaches Association (AFCA) to the "individual, group or institution whose services have been outstanding in the advancement of the best interests of football".  Recipients receive a plaque which is a replica of the one given to Stagg at the 1939 AFCA Convention in tribute to his 50 years of service to football. The purpose of the award is "to perpetuate the example and influence of Amos Alonzo Stagg".The award is named in honor of Amos Alonzo Stagg, who was instrumental in founding the AFCA in the 1920s. Stagg is considered one of the great innovators and motivating forces in the early development of the game of football and had one of the longest head coaching tenures in the history of the college game.
<Lance_Fuller>	Lance Fuller (December 6, 1928 – December 22, 2001) was an American actor.Born in Somerset, Kentucky, he worked as a contract actor for most of the 1950s with Universal-International.With many uncredited roles for the first few years of his Hollywood career, Fuller's first role was in Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man (1943). Fuller was featured (uncredited) in several movies into the 1950s, including Singin' in the Rain (1952).
<Lotfi_A._Zadeh>	Lotfi Aliasker Zadeh (/ˈzɑːdeɪ/; Azerbaijani: Lütfi Rəhim oğlu Ələsgərzadə; Persian: لطفی علی‌عسکرزاده; 4 February 1921 – 6 September 2017) was a mathematician, computer scientist, electrical engineer, artificial intelligence researcher, and professor of computer science at the University of California, Berkeley. Zadeh is best known for proposing fuzzy mathematics, consisting of several fuzzy-related concepts: fuzzy sets, fuzzy logic, fuzzy algorithms, fuzzy semantics, fuzzy languages, fuzzy control, fuzzy systems, fuzzy probabilities, fuzzy events, and fuzzy information.Zadeh was a founding member of the Eurasian Academy.Zadeh was born in Baku, Azerbaijan SSR, as Lotfi Aliaskerzadeh. His father was Rahim Aleskerzade, an Iranian Muslim Azerbaijani journalist from Ardabil on assignment from Iran,[citation needed] and his mother was Fanya (Feyga) Korenman, a Jewish pediatrician from Odessa, Ukraine, who was an Iranian citizen. The Soviet government at this time courted foreign correspondents, and the family lived well while in Baku. Zadeh attended elementary school for three years there, which he said "had a significant and long-lasting influence on my thinking and my way of looking at things."
<Vitória_S.C.>	Vitória Sport Clube, commonly known as Vitória de Guimarães, is a Portuguese professional football club based in Guimarães that competes in the Primeira Liga, the top-flight of football in Portugal.Vitória de Guimarães have finished third in the Primeira Liga on four occasions, most recently in 2007–08. They have won one Taça de Portugal (2013) and one Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira (1988), while also being runners-up of the former on six occasions.The club have competed regularly in European competitions, where their best finish was the quarter-finals of the 1986–87 UEFA Cup.
<Marin_Raykov>	Marin Raykov Nikolov (Bulgarian: Марин Райков Николов [mɐˈrin ˈrajkof]; born 17 December 1960 in Washington, D.C., United States) is a Bulgarian politician and diplomat who was appointed to serve as a caretaker Prime Minister of Bulgaria and minister of foreign affairs of Bulgaria on 12 March 2013 by Bulgarian president Rosen Plevneliev.  He left office on 29 May 2013 with his interim deputy PM Ekaterina Zakharieva.Raykov served as a deputy Foreign Minister in the governments of Ivan Kostov (1998–2001) and Boyko Borisov (2009–2010). From 2010 to 2013, he served as an ambassador of Bulgaria in France.Marin Raykov’s father, Rayko Nikolov, was himself a career diplomat.
<San_Francisco>	MSA—$668.7 billion (4th)
<MVM_Group>	MVM Group (Magyar Villamos Művek Zártkörűen működő Részvénytársaság, literally: Hungarian Electrical Works Private Limited Company) is a Hungarian power company, the only one in the country responsible for the production, distribution and sale of electricity.The company owns several power plants including its most important clean electricity source: Paks Nuclear Power Plant with a total installed capacity of 2,000 MW and has 3,501 km of transmission lines. This single nuclear power plant provides more than half of Hungary's electrical power. An expansion is currently planned to add an additional 2 1200MWe VVER reactors, allowing for Hungary to decrease its carbon emissions and potentially become one of the cleanest electricity generators in Europe, along with France and Sweden. In 2011, MVM entered into  the natural gas industry and became interested in the proposed gas pipeline South Stream. The Hungarian power company wants to add a connection to the Adriatic Sea to import liquid gas from a planned Croatian gas terminal. MVM is also a founder (along with two other state enterprises: Magyar Posta/Hungarian Post and Magyar Fejlesztési Bank/Hungarian Development Bank) of the new Hungarian state-owned mobile phone company MPVI  was going to take up in 2012, but the company itself was proven to be too expensive to even start providing service. MVM sold its share to Magyar Posta in December 2013, and the MPVI's board of directors was disbanded on 19 December 2013, finalizing MPVI's incorporation to Magyar Posta.In the middle of 2012, MVM established a subsidiary for prepare the factual steps of Paks expansion. According to the latest plans the construction will take up in 2021 and the first new unit will be complete several years later.
<Bharat_Ratna>	The Bharat Ratna (Hindi pronunciation: [bʰaːɾət̪ rət̪nə]; Jewel of India) is the highest civilian award of the Republic of India. Instituted on 2 January 1954, the award is conferred in recognition of "exceptional service/performance of the highest order", without distinction of race, occupation, position, or sex. The award was originally limited to achievements in the arts, literature, science, and public services, but the government expanded the criteria to include "any field of human endeavour" in December 2011. The recommendations for the Bharat Ratna are made by the Prime Minister to the President, with a maximum of three nominees being awarded per year. The recipients receive a Sanad (certificate) signed by the President and a peepal leaf-shaped medallion. There is no monetary grant associated with the award. Bharat Ratna recipients rank seventh in the Indian order of precedence.The first recipients of the Bharat Ratna were: the last Governor-General of the Dominion of India and the former Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu – C. Rajagopalachari, second President and the first Vice President of India – Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan and Nobel Prize Laureate and Physicist C. V. Raman; who were honoured in 1954. Since then, the award has been bestowed upon 48 individuals, including 14 who were awarded posthumously. The original statutes did not provide for posthumous awards but were amended in January 1955 to permit them. Former Prime Minister Lal Bahadur Shastri became the first individual to be honoured posthumously. In 2014, cricketer Sachin Tendulkar, then aged 40, became the youngest recipient; while social reformer Dhondo Keshav Karve was awarded on his 100th birthday. The first singer to be awarded was M. S. Subbulakshmi and the first actor to be awarded was M. G. Ramachandran. Though usually conferred on India-born citizens, the Bharat Ratna has been awarded to one naturalized citizen – Mother Teresa, and to two non-Indians: Abdul Ghaffar Khan (born in British India and later citizen of Pakistan) and Nelson Mandela, born in and citizen of South Africa. On 25 January 2019, the government announced the award to social activist Nanaji Deshmukh (posthumously), singer-music director Bhupen Hazarika (posthumously) and to the former President of India, Pranab Mukherjee.
<Evi_Quaid>	Randy Randall Rudy Quaid (born October 1, 1950) is an American actor known for his roles in both serious drama and light comedy.He was nominated for an Academy Award, BAFTA Award and a Golden Globe Award for his role in The Last Detail in 1973. In 1978 he co-starred as a prisoner in Midnight Express. Quaid also won a Golden Globe and was nominated for an Emmy Award for his portrayal of U.S. President Lyndon Johnson in LBJ: The Early Years (1987).
<Flying_(Beatles_instrumental)>	"Flying" is an instrumental recorded by the English rock band the Beatles which first appeared on the 1967 Magical Mystery Tour release (two EP discs in the United Kingdom, an LP in the United States). It is one of the few songs credited to all four members of the band: John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr.The first instrumental written by the Beatles since "12-Bar Original" in 1965, this was also the first song to be credited as being written by all four members of the band with the writing credits of "Harrison/Lennon–McCartney/Starkey".  Like "12-Bar Original", it was based on the classic twelve-bar blues chord progression.
<Bianca_Ferguson>	Bianca Ferguson (born February 11, 1955) is an American actress from Gary, Indiana.Ferguson is best known for playing Claudia Johnston Phillips on the soap opera General Hospital from 1978 to 1987.  She was also married to the late former Designing Women actor, Meshach Taylor.
<Dick_Haymes>	Richard Benjamin Haymes (September 13, 1918 – March 28, 1980) was an Argentinian singer and actor. He was one of the most popular male vocalists of the 1940s and early 1950s. He was the older brother of Bob Haymes, an actor, television host, and songwriter.Haymes was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina in 1918. His mother, who survived her elder son, was Marguerite Haymes (1894–1987), a well-known Irish-born vocal coach and instructor of English descent. His father, also of English descent, worked as a rancher. The Haymes family traveled extensively before settling in the United States when Haymes was an infant.
<Ruhr_University_Bochum>	The Ruhr University Bochum (German: Ruhr-Universität Bochum, RUB) is a public research university located in the southern hills of the central Ruhr area, Bochum, Germany. It was founded in 1962 as the first new public university in Germany after World War II. Instruction began in 1965.The Ruhr-University Bochum is one of the largest universities in Germany and part of the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft, the most important German research funding organization.The RUB was very successful in the Excellence Initiative of the German Federal and State Governments (2007), a competition between Germany's most prestigious universities. It was one of the few institutions left competing for the title of an "elite university", but did not succeed in the last round of the competition. There are currently nine universities in Germany that hold this title.
<Hidden_Agenda_(1990_film)>	Hidden Agenda is a 1990 political thriller film directed by Ken Loach with a screenplay by Jim Allen. The film stars Frances McDormand, Brian Cox, Brad Dourif, Maurice Roëves, Ian McElhinney, Mai Zetterling and Michelle Fairley. The plot follows the investigation of a killing in Northern Ireland by British security forces.The film begins with a quote from British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher insisting that Northern Ireland is part of Britain. It ends with one from a former British intelligence agent, stating, "There are two laws running this country: one for the security forces and the other for the rest of us."
<Ways_to_Live_Forever>	Ways to Live Forever is a 2008 children's novel by Sally Nicholls, first published in 2008. The author's debut novel, it was written when Nicholls was 23 years old.It won the 2008 Waterstone's Children's Book Prize, 2008 Glen Dimplex (Irish) New Writers Award, 2008 German Luchs des Jahres and 2009 Bristol-based Concorde Children's Book Award.  It was shortlisted for the 2009 Manchester Book Award.
<Blue_Network>	The Blue Network (previously known as the NBC Blue Network) was the on-air name of a now defunct American radio network, which broadcast from 1927 through 1945. Beginning as one of the two radio networks owned by the National Broadcasting Company (NBC), the independent Blue Network was born of a divestiture in 1942, arising from antitrust litigation. In 1943, the Blue Network formally became the American Broadcasting Company (ABC), but operated closely with NBC for another two years.The Blue Network dates to 1923, when the Radio Corporation of America acquired WJZ Newark from Westinghouse, which had established the station in 1921. WJZ moved to New York City in May of that year. When RCA commenced operations of WRC, Washington on August 1, 1923, the root of a network was born, though it did not operate under the name by which it would later become known. Radio historian Elizabeth McLeod said it was not until 1924 that the "Radio Group" formally began network operations.
<Georg_Ulrich_Handke>	Georg Ulrich Handke (born Hanau 22 April 1894: died Berlin 7 September 1962) was a German politician (Communist party of Germany/Socialist Unity Party of Germany).In 1958 he became one of the 111 members of the Party Central Committee in the German Democratic Republic.  He had previously served as an ambassador and as government minister.Handke was born into a working-class family in Hanau, a substantial town a short distance upstream of Frankfurt am Main.  His father was a pipefitter.  On leaving school he obtained a clerical traineeship with a bank.  Following a further period at a commercially focused school he worked between 1913 and 1915 as a book-keeper.
<Invasion_(Harry_novel)>	Invasion is a 2000 novel by American author Eric L. Harry, detailing an invasion of the United States by China.The United States turns its military into a much smaller force, switching its priorities to domestic matters, beginning with using the U.S. military budget to fill the gap in Social Security's trust fund left there by past Congresses and presidents who spent the money on other things, and continuing onward in the same theme.As the U.S. is downsizing its military, China becomes a world superpower, building new supercarriers and becoming a dominant naval power in addition to a growing economic power. Eventually, China goes down the route of conquest.
<National_Cash_Register_Building>	The National Cash Register Building, commonly referred to as the St. Johns Theater & Pub, was a building that was first erected in St. Louis, Missouri, for the Louisiana Purchase Exposition in 1904 and then moved to Portland, Oregon, the next year for the Lewis and Clark Centennial Exposition. It was moved a third and final time to the suburb of St. Johns, Oregon, which is now a part of Portland. It was given to the St. Johns Congregational Society by the NCR Corporation. It now houses a McMenamins theater and pub.The NCR Corporation constructed a $5,000 building for the 1904 Louisiana Purchase Exposition in St. Louis, Missouri. The building was uprooted for $1,000 and transported to Portland, Oregon, for the 1905 Lewis and Clark Centennial Exposition. The building was constructed in sections so that it could be moved with ease. The NCR Corporation passed out badges and sang songs on "NCR Day" at the exposition on September 4, 1905. The Morning Oregonian reported that the building was "crowded all day".
<Ignatz_Award>	The Ignatz Awards recognize outstanding achievements in comics and cartooning by small press creators or creator-owned projects published by larger publishers. They have been awarded each year at the Small Press Expo since 1997, only skipping a year in 2001 due to the show's cancellation after the September 11 attacks. As of 2014[update] SPX has been held in either Bethesda,  North Bethesda, or Silver Spring, Maryland.The Ignatz Awards are named in honour of George Herriman and his strip Krazy Kat, which featured a brick-throwing mouse named Ignatz.
<Democratic_Labour_Party_(Brazil)>	The Democratic Labour Party (Portuguese: Partido Democrático Trabalhista, PDT) is a social-democratic political party in Brazil. The Democratic Labour Party (PDT) was founded in 1979 by left-wing leader Leonel Brizola as an attempt to reorganise the Brazilian left-wing forces during the end of the Brazilian military dictatorship. Many of its members, including Brizola, had been active in the historical Brazilian Labour Party prior to the 1964 coup, which drove into exile or assassinated a number of its prominent members including ousted President João Goulart. Returning from exile in Uruguay, Brizola originally wanted to reclaim the PTB name for his party, but the military government awarded it to a more moderate grouping led by Ivete Vargas, leading to PDT being formed by a large majority of historical PDT members a week later. The PDT joined the Socialist International in 1986.  It was the major left-wing party in Brazil until the rise of the Workers' Party (PT) in 1994.The Socialist Youth, founded in 1981, was originally called Labour Youth. Its name had been changed twice: in 1984, to Socialist Labour Youth, and then in 1985 to Socialist Youth. The intention was to support the group that defended the participation of the party in the Socialist International as well as the change of the party's name to Socialist Party. The latter never happened, partly due to the founding of the Brazilian Socialist Party.
<Willie_Campbell_(golfer)>	Willie Campbell (14 July 1862 in Musselburgh, Scotland – 25 November 1900 in Dorchester, Massachusetts) was a Scottish professional golfer. He reached the top ten in The Open Championship eight times in the 1880s. Campbell emigrated to America in 1894. He finished alone in sixth place in the 1895 U.S. Open which was the first U.S. Open, held on Friday, 4 October, at Newport Golf Club in Newport, Rhode Island.Like many golfers from his era, he started out as a caddie at the links at Musselburgh. At this time he and David Brown—along with Willie Park, Jr. and Willie Dunn—were a quartet of "boy wonders" who would all become golf champions. The most noteworthy incident in this early portion of his career was his defeat of Bob Ferguson—a champion golfer who won The Open Championship in three successive years from 1880 to 1882—when he was only 13 years old. Campbell's strength was his ability in match play. In 1882, when Campbell was 20 years old, an admirer offered to back him against the world for $30,000. From 1883 to 1888 he played anyone who would accept his challenge to play for money and never lost during that period.
<Standard_Motor_Company>	The Standard Motor Company Limited was a motor vehicle manufacturer, founded in Coventry, England, in 1903 by Reginald Walter Maudslay. For many years, it manufactured Ferguson TE20 tractors powered by its Vanguard engine. All Standard's tractor assets were sold to Massey Ferguson in 1959. Standard purchased Triumph in 1945 and in 1959 officially changed its name to Standard-Triumph International and began to put the Triumph brand name on all its products. A new subsidiary took the name The Standard Motor Company Limited and took over the manufacture of the group's products.The Standard name was last used in Britain in 1963, and in India in 1988.
<The_Giving_Tree>	The Giving Tree is an American children's picture book written and illustrated by Shel Silverstein. First published in 1964 by Harper & Row, it has become one of Silverstein's best-known titles, and it has been translated into numerous languages.This book has been described as "one of the most divisive books in children's literature"; the controversy stems from whether the relationship between the main characters (a boy and the eponymous tree) should be interpreted as positive (i.e., the tree gives the boy selfless love) or negative (i.e., the boy and the tree have an abusive relationship).Silverstein had difficulty finding a publisher for The Giving Tree. An editor at Simon & Schuster rejected the book's manuscript because he felt that it was "too sad" for children and "too simple" for adults. Tomi Ungerer encouraged Silverstein to approach Ursula Nordstrom, who was a publisher with Harper & Row.
<Kalyon_Group>	Kalyon Group is a Turkish conglomerate, with major interests in construction. It was founded by Ömer Faruk Kalyoncu.In 2013 it was part of a joint venture which won the EUR 22 billion contract to construct a third international airport in Istanbul. Other contracts include Istanbul's Metrobus system, the construction of a new stadium for İstanbul Büyükşehir Belediyesi S.K., Karapınar solar power plant, and the redevelopment of Taksim Gezi Park to reconstruct the Taksim Military Barracks.The company was founded in 1974 by Hasan Kalyoncu and is now run by his sons. Kalyoncu was a close friend of the former Prime Minister Turgut Özal. Kalyon was described in 2013 by the BBC as "a company which has close ties with the governing Justice and Development (AK) Party".
<Diversi>	Diversi Musical Products, Inc is a manufacturer of electric organs. It specializes in making clones of the Hammond organ and became popular when jazz organists "Papa" John and Joey DeFrancesco "defected" from Hammond to using their organs instead.The company was formed by former Hammond-Suzuki Northeast Regional Sales Rep and Marketing Services Manager, Tom Tuson, who had been impressed by a drawbar MIDI module manufactured by Voce, which used physical modelling instead of samples. He became friends with Voce's Dave Amels, and the two decided to collaborate on a project to create their own organ. They came up with the Diversi DV, which earned immediate critical acclaim for its accuracy. In an interview with Keyboard magazine, Don Bosco said the DV "feels to me exactly how a vintage Hammond would have when it was new."The company received a major boost when Joey DeFrancesco, self-described as "the finest jazz organist on the planet", publicly announced he had "defected from Hammond" and was now actively endorsing Diversi and owning a stake in the business. His 2008 album Joey D! was recorded entirely on a Diversi, with sleeve note author Michael G Nastos declaring that "the instrument DeFrancesco plays acts and sounds like an organ, if possible with a richer, deeper tone, especially in the bass foot pedals.” His father, Papa John DeFrancesco also used the Diversi to record Big Shot.
<Eunice_Carter>	Eunice Roberta Hunton Carter (July 16, 1899 – January 25, 1970) was an American lawyer. She was one of New York's first female African-American lawyers, and one of the first African-American prosecutors in the United States. She was active in the Pan-African Congress and in United Nations committees to advance the status of women in the world. She led a massive prostitution racketeering investigation, building the case and strategy that allowed New York District Attorney Thomas Dewey to successfully charge Mafioso kingpin Charles "Lucky" Luciano with compulsory prostitution.Carter was born in Atlanta in 1899, the daughter of William Alphaeus Hunton Sr. (founder of the black division of the Y.M.C.A.) and Addie Waites Hunton (a social worker); both were college educated. Her paternal grandfather Stanton Hunton purchased his freedom from slavery before the American Civil War. Her brother, W. Alphaeus Hunton Jr., was an author, academic and activist noted for his involvement with the Council on African Affairs and promotion of Pan-African identity. The family moved from Atlanta to Brooklyn, New York, after the 1906 Atlanta race riot. They attended local schools. Their mother, Addie Hunton, was active with the NAACP and the YMCA, achieving national status. She was selected as one of two women to go to France during World War I to check on the condition of United States black servicemen.
<Kurt_Gödel>	Kurt Friedrich Gödel (/ˈɡɜːrdəl/ GUR-dəl, German: [kʊʁt ˈɡøːdl̩] (listen); April 28, 1906 – January 14, 1978) was a  logician, mathematician, and philosopher. Considered along with Aristotle and Gottlob Frege to be one of the most significant logicians in history, Gödel had an immense effect upon scientific and philosophical thinking in the 20th century, a time when others such as Bertrand Russell, Alfred North Whitehead, and David Hilbert were using logic and set theory to investigate the foundations of mathematics, building on earlier work by the likes of Richard Dedekind, Georg Cantor and Frege.
<Regarding_the_Fountain>	Regarding the Fountain is a 1998 epistolary children's novel by Kate Klise. It is the first book in a series set in Missouri.Regarding the Fountain is a children's book told entirely in letters, memos, postcards, and even telegraphs. The story itself takes place in Dry Creek, Missouri. The back-story unfolds as the reader progresses; but thirty years before the spring that the town relied on mysteriously dried up. At the same time, a new middle school opened. The story follows Sam N.'s class of fifth graders as they communicate with Florence Waters, a fountain designer, who has agreed to fix a leaky water fountain in the school. The sequels are Regarding the Sink (2004), Regarding the Trees (2005), and Regarding the Bathrooms (2006), and, most recently, Regarding the Bees (2007).
<Villarreal_CF_B>	Villarreal Club de Fútbol "B" is a Spanish football team based in Villarreal, in the autonomous community of Valencia. Founded in 1999, it is the reserve team of Villarreal CF and plays in Segunda División, holding home games at Ciudad Deportiva Villarreal CF, with a 5,000-seat capacity.Unlike in other nations such as England, reserve teams in Spain play in the same football pyramid as their senior team rather than a separate league. However, reserve teams cannot play in the same division as their senior team. Therefore, the team is ineligible for promotion to the division in which the main side plays. Also, if the main team is relegated to the division in which its reserve side played in the prior season (which happened in 2011–12), the reserve team is automatically relegated to the division below the main team. Reserve teams are also no longer permitted to enter the Copa del Rey.Villarreal successfully applied to compete in the 2014–15, 2015–16 and 2016–17 versions of the England-based Premier League International Cup. They won the tournament in 2016, beating PSV in the final. Most of Villarreal's players in this Under-23 tournament have been drawn from the B side with some additions from C Team and the Juvenil group.
<Kathleen_Kinmont>	Kathleen Kinmont (born Kathleen Kinmont Smith) is an American actress who starred in film and on television. Kinmont is best known for starring in horror films.Kinmont is the daughter of Jack Smith.[citation needed]Her first feature film role was in the comedy Hardbodies (1984). Her best-known roles include the horror film Halloween 4: The Return of Michael Myers (1988) as Kelly Meeker and in Bride of Re-Animator as the title character. She played the title role in CIA Code Name: Alexa, which she reprised in the sequel CIA II: Target Alexa. She later appeared in Lime Salted Love (2005).
<Houston>	Houston (/ˈhjuːstən/ (listen); HEW-stən) is the most populous city in  Texas, the most populous city in the Southern United States, the fourth-most populous city in the United States, and the sixth-most populous city in North America, with a population of 2,304,580 in 2020. Located in Southeast Texas near Galveston Bay and the Gulf of Mexico, it is the seat and largest city of Harris County and the principal city of the Greater Houston metropolitan area, which is the fifth-most populous metropolitan statistical area in the United States and the second-most populous in Texas after Dallas–Fort Worth. Houston is the southeast anchor of the greater megaregion known as the Texas Triangle.Comprising a land area of 640.4 square miles (1,659 km2), Houston is the ninth-most expansive city in the United States (including consolidated city-counties). It is the largest city in the United States by total area whose government is not consolidated with a county, parish, or borough. Though primarily in Harris County, small portions of the city extend into Fort Bend, and Montgomery counties, bordering other principal communities of Greater Houston such as Sugar Land and The Woodlands.
<Raffaele_Molin>	Raffaele Molin (27 October 1825 – 29 June 1887) was an Italian scientist with successful career as physician, zoologist, geologist. He is most revered for his works in ichthyology and parasitology. He is immortalised as the authority of a number of parasitic worms.He was born in Zadar on 27 October 1825. His father was Ferdinand Astolfi and mother Margaret Trevisani. He studied medicine at the University of Vienna, from where he graduated in 1849. In 1851, shortly after the retirement of professor TA Catullus, he was appointed by the Austrian Government to be the successor as professor of natural sciences at the University of Padua. He started dual teaching in zoology and mineralogy on 4 February 1852. From 1856 he began to devote himself to research in ichthyology.On 13 January 1856 he was elected as member of the Academy of Sciences, Letters and Arts in Padua. His research work centred at the provinces of Vienna, where he made his first contribution in helminthology. In 1858 he described for the first time a chicken parasite Capillaria annulata. Eventually in the spring of 1866, he moved to Vienna.  In 1867, he was appointed by the Government of Vienna as professor of applied zoology at the Imperial-Royal Polytechnic Institute (now Vienna University of Technology). However, he remained there only up to January 1875. In 1878, he obtained the professional license as practitioner physician. He even opened free clinic for the poor two days a week. From 1885 to 1887 he taught as a lecturer at the Vienna College of Agriculture, while maintaining a hobby of breeding of pets and aquatic animals.
<Borja_Fernández_(footballer,_born_1981)>	Borja Fernández Fernández (born 14 January 1981) is a Spanish former footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.Having started his career at Real Madrid, he amassed La Liga totals of 222 matches and three goals over 11 seasons. He also represented in the competition Mallorca, Valladolid, Getafe and Eibar.
<Føtex>	føtex is a Danish chain of supermarkets. The business was established in 1960 as the first supermarket in Denmark and later gave rise to Salling Group (previously Dansk Supermarked Group).The name "føtex" is a mix of the Danish words "Fødevarer" (daily groceries) and "Textil" (textiles).
<Bill_Rodgers,_Baron_Rodgers_of_Quarry_Bank>	William Thomas Rodgers, Baron Rodgers of Quarry Bank, PC (born 28 October 1928) is a British politician who served as Secretary of State for Transport from 1976 to 1979, and was one of the 'Gang of Four' of senior British Labour Party politicians who defected to form the Social Democratic Party (SDP). He subsequently helped to lead the SDP into the merger that formed the Liberal Democrats in 1988, and later served as that party's leader in the House of Lords between 1997 and 2001.Rodgers was born in Liverpool, Lancashire, and educated at Quarry Bank High School in Liverpool. After national service in the King's Regiment (Liverpool), he studied Modern History at Magdalen College, Oxford on an Open Exhibition. He was general secretary of the Fabian Society from 1953 to 1960 and a councillor on St Marylebone Borough Council from 1958 to 1962. He was instrumental in lobbying the National Executive Committee of the Labour Party to reverse its vote in favour of unilateral nuclear disarmament in 1961. He also unsuccessfully fought a by-election at Bristol West in 1957.
<Warren_Beatty>	Henry Warren Beatty (né Beaty; born March 30, 1937) is an American actor and filmmaker, whose career spans over six decades. He was nominated for 15 Academy Awards, including four for Best Actor, four for Best Picture, two for Best Director, three for Original Screenplay, and one for Adapted Screenplay – winning Best Director for Reds (1981). Beatty is the only person to have been nominated for acting in, directing, writing, and producing the same film, and he did so twice: first for Heaven Can Wait (with Buck Henry as co-director), and again for Reds.Eight of the films he produced earned 53 Academy nominations. In 1999, he was awarded the Academy's highest honor, the Irving G. Thalberg Award. Beatty was nominated for 18 Golden Globe Awards, winning six, including the Golden Globe Cecil B. DeMille Award  in 2007. Among his Golden Globe nominated films are, his screen debut, Splendor in the Grass (1961), Bonnie and Clyde (1967), Shampoo (1975), Heaven Can Wait (1978), Reds (1981), Dick Tracy (1990), Bugsy (1991), Bulworth (1998), and Rules Don't Apply (2016), all of which he also produced. Director and collaborator Arthur Penn described Beatty as "the perfect producer", adding, "He makes everyone demand the best of themselves. Warren stays with a picture through editing, mixing, and scoring. He plain works harder than anyone else I have ever seen."
<The_Ringworld_Engineers>	The Ringworld Engineers is a 1979 science fiction novel by American writer Larry Niven.  It is the first sequel to Niven's  Ringworld and was nominated for both the Hugo and Locus Awards in 1981.In the introduction to the novel, Niven says that he never planned to write more than one Ringworld novel, but that he did so, in a large part, due to fan support. Firstly, the popularity of Ringworld resulted in a demand for a sequel. Secondly, many fans had identified numerous engineering problems in the Ringworld as described in the novel. The first major problem was that the Ringworld, being a rigid structure, was not actually in orbit around the star it encircled and would eventually drift, resulting in the entire structure colliding with its sun and disintegrating. In the novel's introduction, Niven says that MIT students attending the 1971 World Science Fiction Convention chanted, "The Ringworld is unstable! The Ringworld is unstable!" Niven says that one reason he wrote The Ringworld Engineers was to address these engineering problems.The Hindmost, recently deposed leader of the Puppeteers, abducts the human Louis Wu (who has become a wirehead) and Kzin Chmeee (previously known as "Speaker-to-Animals"). Both had been part of the original Ringworld expedition. The Hindmost hopes to acquire Ringworld technology, specifically matter transmutation, to help him regain his position.
<Yeovil_Town_F.C.>	Yeovil Town Football Club is a professional association football club based in the town of Yeovil, Somerset, England. The team competes in the National League, the fifth tier of the English football league system. The club's home ground is Huish Park, built in 1990 on the site of an old army camp and named after their former home, Huish, itself known for its pitch, which had an 8 feet (2.4 m) sideline to sideline slope. The club's nickname "The Glovers" is a reference to the history of glove-making in the town of Yeovil, which became a centre of the industry during the 18th and 19th centuries.Founded in 1895, the club initially joined the Somerset Senior League and competed in a multitude of leagues up until the outbreak of World War II. During this time they won titles in the Southern League, Western League, Bristol Charity League, Dorset District League and Somerset Senior League. They played in the Southern League after the war ended, winning the championship in 1954–55, 1963–64 and 1970–71, before becoming members of the Alliance Premier League from 1979 to 1985. They spent the next three years in the Isthmian League, and were promoted into the Conference after finishing as champions in 1987–88. Relegated in 1995, they were promoted again two years later after winning another Isthmian League title. Yeovil won the 2002 FA Trophy Final and secured a place in the Football League after winning the Conference in 2002–03 under the stewardship of Gary Johnson. They then won the League Two title in 2004–05, before reaching the Championship with victory in the 2013 League One play-off final in Johnson's second spell as manager. However they suffered consecutive relegations, and were relegated once more following the 2018–19 season, ending their 16-season spell in the Football League. 
<Aamina_Sheikh>	Aamina Sheikh (Urdu: آمنہ شیخ) is an American-Pakistani actress, songwriter and former fashion model. Sheikh has received critical appreciation for her work in the Urdu television series and art films, and is the recipient of four Lux Style Award from nine nominations.Born in New York City and raised in Karachi and Riyadh, Sheikh studied video production at the Hampshire College. After working as an assistant at the Curious Pictures, she returned to Pakistan and started her career as a fashion model, during which she was a spokesperson for the French brand L'Oreal and received a Lux Style Award for Best Model nomination. She then featured as the female lead in the 2008 television film Baarish Mein Deewar and the Geo TV series Dil e Nadan, for which she received the Lux Style Award for Best Emerging Talent. Sheikh had roles in several series, including Daam (2010), Maat (2010), Uraan (2010), Mera Saaein (2010), Main Abdul Qadir Hoon (2010), Mera Saaein 2 (2012), Mirat Ul Uroos (2013) and Jackson Heights (2014).
<Padma_Vibhushan>	The Padma Vibhushan ("Lotus Decoration") is the second-highest civilian award of the Republic of India, after the Bharat Ratna. Instituted on 2 January 1954, the award is given for "exceptional and distinguished service". All persons without distinction of race, occupation, position or sex are eligible for these awards. However, government servants including those working with PSUs, except doctors and scientists, are not eligible for these Awards. As of 2022[update], the award has been bestowed on 325 individuals, including nineteen posthumous and twenty-one non-citizen recipients.
<JP_Houston>	JP Houston is an Canada-born American singer-songwriter, producer, storyteller, and host.Houston has a large catalogue of songs composed for television, theater, film and record. One of his first credits, while still in high school, was composing the theme song to the PBS/YTV children's series The Big Comfy Couch. With hundreds of credits, he was nominated for a Gemini Award (Canadian Emmy) in 2001. His work has appeared on The Rosie O'Donnell Show, Funny or Die Presents, and countless other national and international productions. A song co-written by Houston was featured in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. He has written for PBS, BBC, HBO, CBC, and many others.Houston performs and records constantly. He has toured and recorded all over North America and Europe. Most recently, as a member of Brian Bell's Weezer side project The Relationship. Houston did a two-year stint leading the house band at Pappy & Harriet's in Pioneertown, California. He has shared the stage or studio with artists including Leon Russell, Kyuss, Victoria Williams, Band Of Horses, M Ward, Tim Easton, and a host of other notable acts.
<Brazil_national_under-20_football_team>	The Brazil national under-20 football team, also known as Brazil Sub-20 or Seleção Sub-20, represents Brazil in association football at this age level and is controlled by the Brazilian Football Confederation (CBF).The team has won the South American Youth Championship a record eleven times and is the second most successful nation in the FIFA U-20 World Cup, having won the competition five times. It also plays in unofficial under-19 and under-21 tournaments, such as the Toulon Tournament, of which Brazil is an eight-time winner.
<Charles_Loring_Brace>	Charles Loring Brace (June 19, 1826 – August 11, 1890) was an American philanthropist who contributed to the field of social reform. He is considered a father of the modern foster care movement and was most renowned for starting the Orphan Train movement of the mid-19th century, and for founding Children's Aid Society.Brace was born on June 19, 1826, in Litchfield, Connecticut. He was named after his uncle, the lawyer Charles Greeley Loring, defender of fugitive slave Thomas Sims, His mother died when he was 14, and he was raised by his father, a history teacher.He graduated from Yale College in 1846. He pursued divinity and theology graduate studies at Yale, but left to study at Union Theological Seminary, from which he received his graduate degree in 1849. He was drawn to New York because it was viewed as the center of American Protestantism and social activity. His best friend and classmate at Yale, Frederick Law Olmsted, the landscape architect, also lived in New York.
<Sidney_Luft>	Michael Sidney Luft (November 2, 1915 – September 15, 2005) was an American show business figure, the second husband of actress Lynn Bari, and later the third husband of actress and singer Judy Garland.Luft was born in New York City, the son of Leonora (Meyers) and Norbert Luft, who were Jewish immigrants from Russia and Germany. His family moved to Westchester County, where he grew up.
<June_Gale>	June Gale (born June Gilmartin; July 6, 1911 – November 13, 1996) was an American actress sometimes credited under her married name as June Levant.Born in San Francisco, Gale rose to fame as part of the vaudeville act The Gale Sisters, a dancing quadruplet act that was actually two sets of twins. She appeared on Broadway with her sisters in Flying High (1930) and George White's Scandals (1931). In the early 1930s, she made her first films in Hollywood originally as a Goldwyn Girl in Roman Scandals, and gradually she rose to more notable parts, generally in B movies after signing with Fox in 1936.In December 1939, Gale married Oscar Levant in Fredericksburg, Virginia, and they remained wed until his death in 1972. In 1978, she married Henry Ephron.
<Frederick_Cooke_(socialist)>	Frederick Riley Cooke (28 April 1867 – 26 June 1930) was a New Zealand tailor, socialist and trade unionist.Cooke was born in Leeds, Yorkshire, England on 28 April 1867. He started his working life aged seven and was almost entirely self-educated. He married Ida Clough on 1 August 1891 in Bradford, where he was living at the time.
<Taran_Killam>	Taran Hourie Killam (born April 1, 1982) is an American actor, comedian, and writer. He is known for his television work on The Amanda Show, How I Met Your Mother, MADtv, New Girl, Saturday Night Live, and Single Parents. Killam is also known for his portrayal of a teen pop star in the 2004 Disney Channel Original Movie Stuck in the Suburbs. He voices the title character on the PBS children's cartoon series Nature Cat. Killam performed the role of King George III in the Broadway production of Hamilton at the Richard Rodgers Theatre, ending his run on the evening of April 13, 2017.
<Bayside_Shopping_Centre>	Bayside Shopping Centre is a super regional shopping centre in the suburb of Frankston on the Mornington Peninsula of Melbourne.The Frankston railway line offers frequent train services to Frankston station located five minutes away from Bayside Shopping Centre.
<William_Faulkner>	William Cuthbert Faulkner (/ˈfɔːknər/; September 25, 1897 – July 6, 1962) was an American writer known for his novels and short stories set in the fictional Yoknapatawpha County, based on Lafayette County, Mississippi, where Faulkner spent most of his life. A Nobel Prize laureate, Faulkner is one of the most celebrated writers of American literature and is considered the greatest writer of Southern literature.Born in New Albany, Mississippi, Faulkner's family moved to Oxford, Mississippi when he was a young child. With the outbreak of World War I, he joined the Royal Canadian Air Force but did not serve in combat. Returning to Oxford, he attended the University of Mississippi for three semesters before dropping out. He moved to New Orleans, where he wrote his first novel Soldiers' Pay (1925). He went back to Oxford and wrote Sartoris (1927), his first work set in the fictional Yoknapatawpha County. In 1929, he published The Sound and the Fury. The following year, he wrote As I Lay Dying. Seeking greater economic success, he went to Hollywood to work as a screenwriter.
<Matt_Cohen_(actor)>	Matthew Joseph Cohen (born September 28, 1982) is an American film and television actor best known for playing young John Winchester and the archangel Michael in Supernatural, Aiden Dennison on the teen drama series South of Nowhere, and as Griffin Munro on the ABC daytime soap General Hospital. In 2019, he became a correspondent for Entertainment Tonight.Cohen was born in Miami, Florida. He is Jewish. Cohen played football and ran track in high school. He attended American Heritage School from 2nd to 12th grade and graduated in 2001. Cohen competed in auto racing and motocross. He graduated with honors. Cohen went to Florida State where he studied business. While in college, he enrolled in acting classes. After finishing college, Cohen moved to Los Angeles to pursue acting.Cohen has starred in several films such as Boogeyman 2, Dark House and he played lead character Aiden Dennison on The N's South of Nowhere. He played Syd on Rockville CA, a WB web series created by The O.C's Josh Schwartz. In 2009, he co-produced The Outside, which starred Nia Peeples, Michael Graziadei, Dante Basco and South of Nowhere's Rob Moran. In late 2008, he had a guest-starring role in the third episode of The CW's fourth season of Supernatural as a young John Winchester, which he later reprised in the fifth-season episode "The Song Remains the Same". He reappeared in the eleventh season's "Baby," but was revealed to be an unknown being posing as John Winchester to communicate with Sam in his dreams. This being was later identified as Lucifer. He portrayed Johnny Jones in the slasher–thriller film Chain Letter. He guest-starred in the fourth season of 90210 as Jeremy, after replacing Drew Seeley in the role. It was announced on August 11, 2015, that Cohen was to recur in the second season of How to Get Away with Murder as Levi, who is described as a sexy, edgy, working-class guy. He will first appear in the second episode and will appear in a total of three episodes. In 2016, he joined the cast of General Hospital as Griffin Munro. In March 2019, it was announced that Cohen would leave General Hospital, making his last appearance on March 22, 2019. In December 2019, it was announced that Cohen would return to General Hospital for a short period of time; he returned from December 6–10, 2019.
<Artūrs_Vaičulis>	Artūrs Vaičulis (born 26 February 1990) is a retired Latvian footballer.Artūrs Vaičulis was born in Riga and as a kid he started playing football at his local youth club FK Auda. Soon after he transferred to Skonto Rīga academy, making a remarkable progress. In his last season with Skonto Vaičulis also trained with the first team but did not make any first team appearances and as a youngster was neither assigned to the first team squad. In 2006 Vaičulis left Skonto, having received an offer from the Scottish Premier League club St Mirren academy to join the club. After several remarkable performances throughout the period of two years with St Mirren he accepted an offer to join the Scottish giants Rangers in January 2008. Vaičulis mostly played for the Glasgow club's youth team and was occasionally involved in the reserve team action. Due to the strong competition among goalkeepers he left Rangers in July 2009 to sign a one-year contract with the Cypriot First Division club AEP Paphos.
<Daniel_Spielman>	Daniel Alan Spielman (born March 1970 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) has been a professor of applied mathematics and computer science at Yale University since 2006. As of 2018, he is the Sterling Professor of Computer Science at Yale.  He is also the Co-Director of the Yale Institute for Network Science, since its founding, and chair of the newly established Department of Statistics and Data Science.Daniel Spielman attended The Philadelphia School, and Germantown Friends School. He received his bachelor of arts degree in mathematics and computer science from Yale University in 1992 and a PhD in applied mathematics from MIT in 1995 (his dissertation was called "Computationally Efficient Error-Correcting Codes and Holographic Proofs"). He taught in the Mathematics Department at MIT from 1996 to 2005.
<Edgar_Mitchell>	Edgar Dean Mitchell (September 17, 1930 – February 4, 2016) was a United States Navy officer and aviator, test pilot, aeronautical engineer, ufologist, and NASA astronaut. As the Lunar Module Pilot of Apollo 14 in 1971 he spent nine hours working on the lunar surface in the Fra Mauro Highlands region, and was the sixth person to walk on the Moon.
<3ZE>	3ZE was a radio station in Ashburton, New Zealand.The station was originally launched on 873 AM frequency as a local station operated by the government owned Radio New Zealand, the station was originally branded as its callsign 3ZE. The station operated out of the second floor of the former Loan Society Building on Tancred Street, before moving across the road to Highgate House in the early 1990s.
<Associated_Press_College_Football_Coach_of_the_Year_Award>	The Associated Press College Football Coach of the Year Award is an award that is given annually since 1998 to NCAA college football's national coach of the year. The award is voted on by the Associated Press (AP) voters that participate in the weekly college football AP Poll.  The current award holder is Jim Harbaugh of the Michigan Wolverines for 2021.
<Chico_Buarque>	Francisco Buarque de Hollanda (born 19 June 1944), popularly known simply as Chico Buarque, is a Brazilian singer-songwriter, guitarist, composer, playwright, writer, and poet. He is best known for his music, which often includes social, economic, and cultural reflections on Brazil.The firstborn son of Sérgio Buarque de Hollanda, Buarque lived at several locations throughout his childhood, though mostly in Rio de Janeiro, São Paulo, and Rome. He wrote and studied literature as a child and found music through the bossa nova compositions of Tom Jobim and João Gilberto. He performed as a singer and guitarist in the 1960s as well as writing a play that was deemed dangerous by the Brazilian military dictatorship of the time. Buarque, along with several Tropicalist and MPB musicians, was threatened by the Brazilian military government and eventually left Brazil for Italy in 1969. However, he came back to Brazil in 1970, and continued to record, perform, and write, though much of his material was suppressed by government censors. He released several more albums in the 1980s and published three novels in the 1990s and 2000s.In 2019, Buarque was awarded the Camões Prize, the most important prize for literature in the Portuguese language.
<Bournemouth>	Bournemouth (/ˈbɔːrnməθ/ (listen)) is a coastal resort town in the Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole council area of Dorset, England. At the 2011 census, the town had a population of 183,491, making it the largest town in Dorset. It is situated on the English south coast, equidistant (24 miles (39 km)) from Dorchester and Southampton. Bournemouth is part of the South East Dorset conurbation, which has a population of 465,000.Before it was founded in 1810 by Lewis Tregonwell, the area was a deserted heathland occasionally visited by fishermen and smugglers. Initially marketed as a health resort, the town received a boost when it appeared in Augustus Granville's 1841 book, The Spas of England. Bournemouth's growth accelerated with the arrival of the railway, and it became a town in 1870. Part of the historic county of Hampshire, Bournemouth joined Dorset for administrative purposes following the reorganisation of local government in 1974. Through local government changes in 1997, the town began to be administered by a unitary authority independent of Dorset County Council, although it remains part of that ceremonial county. Since April 2019 the unitary authority has been merged with that of Poole, as well as the non-metropolitan district of Christchurch to create the Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole unitary authority.
<R._Tyrrell_Rockafellar>	Ralph Tyrrell Rockafellar (born February 10, 1935) is an American mathematician and one of the leading scholars in optimization theory and related fields of analysis and combinatorics. He is the author of four major books including the landmark text "Convex Analysis" (1970), which has been cited more than 27,000 times according to Google Scholar and remains the standard reference on the subject, and "Variational Analysis" (1998, with Roger J-B  Wets) for which the authors received the Frederick W. Lanchester Prize from the Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences (INFORMS).He is professor emeritus at the departments of mathematics and applied mathematics at the University of Washington, Seattle.Ralph Tyrrell Rockafellar was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He is named after his father Ralph Rockafellar, with Tyrrell being his mother’s maiden name. Since his mother was fond of the name Terry, the parents adopted it as a nickname for Tyrrell and soon everybody referred to him as Terry.
<S._George_Curry>	Samuel George Curry RCA (Port Hope 1854 — 1942) was a Canadian architect who practiced in Toronto as the junior partner of several of Toronto’s leading architects, among them Frank Darling and from 1892 Darling's partner John A. Pearson, Henry Sproatt, Francis S. Baker, Ernest Rolph and W. F. Sparling.In 1880, in partnership with Frank Darling (architect), he designed the first-place entry for the new Provincial Parliament Buildings in Toronto; through delay and politicking the design was not executed. Darling and Curry designed the former Bank of Montreal building at the corner of Yonge and Front streets (now housing the Hockey Hall of Fame) and the Victoria Hospital for Sick Children, on College Street, Toronto.Curry, who was a member of the Toronto Architectural Guild also worked on his own, designing the John McKay Store (1898) formerly located 36 King Street West and in the 1980s relocated at 11 Adelaide Street West, to form part of Scotia Plaza. The structure is an example of Renaissance Revival style and incorporates architectural terracotta details.
<Iago_Falque>	Iago Falque Silva (Galician: [ˈjaɣʊ ˈfalkɪ ˈsilβɐ], Spanish: [ˈɟʝaɣo ˈfalke ˈsilβa]; born 4 January 1990) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward for America de Cali.Born in Vigo, Galicia, Falque began his career with Real Madrid before moving to Barcelona in 2001. After several years in the club's youth ranks, he was never aggregated either to the first team of Frank Rijkaard nor B side of Luis Enrique. On 30 August 2008, Falque signed a four-year contract with Juventus, and was officially presented on 2 September 2008. He transferred to the Serie A club on a free deal which included compensation to Barcelona up to €2.5 million if certain matches and goals were reached by the player in his stay with the club.
<Roy_Kinnear>	Roy Mitchell Kinnear (8 January 1934 – 20 September 1988) was a British character actor. He was known for his roles in films such as The Beatles' Help! (1965), Clapper in How I Won the War (1967) and Planchet in The Three Musketeers (1973). He reprised the role of Planchet in the 1974 and 1989 sequels, and died following an accident during filming of the latter. He played Private Monty Bartlett in The Hill (1965), Henry Salt in the 1974 film Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory, and cruise director Curtain in Juggernaut (1974), The Dick Emery Show (1979–1981), and in the sitcoms Man About the House (1974–1975), George and Mildred (1976–1979) and Cowboys (1980–1981).Kinnear was born on 8 January 1934  in Wigan, Lancashire, the son of Annie (née Durie, previously Smith) and Roy Kinnear. He had a sister, Marjory. His parents were Scottish, originally from Edinburgh. His father was an international in both rugby union and rugby league, having played for Scotland and Great Britain. He scored 81 tries in 184 games for Wigan; he collapsed and died while playing rugby union with the RAF in 1942, at the age of 38. Scotland Rugby League have named their Student Player of the Year Award after him.
<Porsche_996>	The Porsche 996 is the internal designation for the 911 model manufactured by the German automaker Porsche from 1997 until 2006. It was replaced by the 997 in 2004, but the high performance Turbo S, GT2 and GT3 variants remained in production until 2006. The 996 had little in common with its predecessor, with the first all new chassis platform since the original 911 and a new water-cooled engine. Technically, it was a major change, a complete breakthrough from the original car other than the overall layout.The 996's development was shared with the roadster-only Porsche Boxster (986) whose nameplate was making its debut as Porsche's entry-level offering. The 986 was released shortly before the 996 for sales. Commonalities between the 996 and 986 included the front suspension, various interior components, and the engine, all of which were enlarged for the 996. However, the multi-link rear suspension was derived from the preceding 993. This was done mainly to save development costs as Porsche was facing financial troubles at that time. This move resulted in cost savings of approximately 30% in the development of the car.
<Ron_Bozman>	Ron Bozman is an American film producer who won an Academy Award for Best Picture in 1991 for the film The Silence of the Lambs.Bozman was born in Dallas, Texas. He grew up in Garland, Texas, graduating from Garland High School in 1965. He graduated from Rice University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in psychology in 1969. He lives in New York City, with his wife Kyle McCarthy and his son Regan.
<Bipop_Carire>	Bipop Carire S.p.A. was an Italian banking group based in Brescia, Lombardy. The group became part of Capitalia in 2002. Capitalia itself became part of UniCredit in 2007, which the brand Bipop Carire was absorbed into UniCredit in 2008. Bipop Carire was formed as a merger of Banca Popolare di Brescia (Bipop) and Cassa di Risparmio di Reggio Emilia (Carire) in 1999.Fineco was a subsidiary of the group.Bipop–Carire was a merger of Cassa di Risparmio di Reggio Emilia (Carire, found 1494) and Banca Popolare di Brescia (Bipop, found 1983 by the merger of Banca Popolare di Lumezzane and Banca Popolare di Palazzolo) in 1999. It was listed in Borsa Italiana (Milan Stock Exchange). However the group was suffered from false account scandal in 2001, which the group was then merged with Banca di Roma to form Capitalia in 2002. After the merger, Bipop Carire still operated as a brand and division of Capitalia.
<Florence>	Florence (/ˈflɒrəns/ FLORR-ənss; Italian: Firenze [fiˈrɛntse] (listen)) is a city in Central Italy and the capital city of the Tuscany region. It is the most populated city in Tuscany, with 383,083 inhabitants in 2016, and over 1,520,000 in its metropolitan area.Florence was a centre of medieval European trade and finance and one of the wealthiest cities of that era. It is considered by many academics to have been the birthplace of the Renaissance, becoming a major artistic, cultural, commercial, political, economic and financial center. During this time, Florence rose to a position of enormous influence in Italy, Europe, and beyond. Its turbulent political history includes periods of rule by the powerful Medici family and numerous religious and republican revolutions. From 1865 to 1871 the city served as the capital of the Kingdom of Italy (established in 1861). The Florentine dialect forms the base of Standard Italian and it became the language of culture throughout Italy due to the prestige of the masterpieces by Dante Alighieri, Petrarch, Giovanni Boccaccio, Niccolò Machiavelli and Francesco Guicciardini.
<Shrabani_Deodhar>	Shrabani Deodhar is an Indian film director and screenwriter who won the Indian National Film Award for her very first project, the 1993 feature film Lapandav.Dedhar has no formal training as a filmmaker.  Her parents were both doctors, and she concedes that her filmmaking knowledge came from her husband, cinematographer Debu Deodhar.  He advised she combines the sciences of what goes on behind-the-camera with that of motion pictures, and encouraged her to take film appreciation courses at the Film and Television Institute of India in Pune so as tmodo pursue her wish to become a filmmaker. He worked with her on her very first film, and with her on every one of her projects before she created Sata Lota Pan Sagla Khota.
<Loren_Eiseley>	Loren Eiseley (September 3, 1907 – July 9, 1977) was an American anthropologist, educator, philosopher, and natural science writer, who taught and published books from the 1950s through the 1970s. He received many honorary degrees and was a fellow of multiple professional societies. At his death, he was Benjamin Franklin Professor of Anthropology and History of Science at the University of Pennsylvania.He was a "scholar and writer of imagination and grace," whose reputation and accomplishments extended far beyond the campus where he taught for 30 years. Publishers Weekly referred to him as "the modern Thoreau." The broad scope of his writing reflected upon such topics as the mind of Sir Francis Bacon, the prehistoric origins of man, and the contributions of Charles Darwin.Eiseley's reputation was established primarily through his books, including The Immense Journey (1957), Darwin's Century (1958), The Unexpected Universe (1969), The Night Country (1971), and his memoir, All the Strange Hours (1975). Science author Orville Prescott praised him as a scientist who "can write with poetic sensibility and with a fine sense of wonder and of reverence before the mysteries of life and nature." Naturalist author Mary Ellen Pitts saw his combination of literary and nature writings as his "quest, not simply for bringing together science and literature ... but a continuation of what the 18th and 19th century British naturalists and Thoreau had done." In praise of "The Unexpected Universe", Ray Bradbury remarked, "[Eiseley] is every writer's writer, and every human's human ... One of us, yet most uncommon ..."  
<Gary_Zukav>	Gary Zukav (born October 17, 1942) is an American spiritual teacher and the author of four consecutive New York Times Best Sellers. Beginning in 1998, he appeared more than 30 times on The Oprah Winfrey Show to discuss transformation in human consciousness concepts presented in his book The Seat of the Soul. His first book, The Dancing Wu Li Masters (1979), won a U.S. National Book Award.Gary Zukav was born in Port Arthur, Texas, the elder of two children of Morris Luis "Morey" and Lorene (née Weinberg) Zukav. His father owned a jewelry store in Pittsburg, Kansas, and his mother was a housewife who raised him and his younger sister.  Gary spent his early childhood in San Antonio and Houston. His family moved to Pittsburg, Kansas in 1952, while he was in fourth grade. In 1960, he graduated from Pittsburg High School as valedictorian. During that time he became an Eagle Scout, Governor of Kansas Boy's State, President of the Student Council, and Kansas State Debate championship team member twice.In 1959, Gary received a scholarship to Harvard and matriculated high school in 1960. In his junior year at Harvard he left to motorcycle in Europe, North Africa, and the Middle East before returning the following year. In 1964, he was deeply moved by the murders of Chaney, Goodman, and Schwerner in Philadelphia, Mississippi, and worked as a summer volunteer for the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) in Jackson, Mississippi, under the direction of Charles Evers, brother of the slain Medgar Evers. In 1965, he graduated from Harvard.  That same year he enlisted in the U.S. Army and entered U.S. Army Infantry Officer Candidate School.  He was commissioned as 2nd Lieutenant in 1966. He volunteered for the U.S. Army Special Forces (Green Berets), completed Parachute Training (Fort Benning, Georgia), U.S. Army Special Warfare School (Fort Bragg, North Carolina), and served as an A Detachment Executive Officer in Okinawa and Vietnam, participating in Top Secret operations in Vietnam and Laos. He left Vietnam after the Tet Offensive of January 1968 and was discharged from the U.S. Army in 1968 as 1st Lieutenant.
<Solve_et_Coagula>	Solve et Coagula is a best-of compilation by American post-punk band Tuxedomoon, released in 1991 by Cramboy. A critic at Last Sigh Magazine gave the album a mixed review, calling it "a good introduction to Tuxedomoon's rich output, but it is far from exhaustive."
<Terrence_C._Carson>	Terrence C. Carson (born November 19, 1958) is an American actor best known for portraying Kyle Barker on the FOX sitcom Living Single and voicing Mace Windu in various Star Wars media. He is also known for his long-running voice role as Kratos in the God of War video game series from 2005 until 2013.Carson was born in Chicago, Illinois. He grew up as an only child, raised by his mother, in the LeClaire Courts projects of the Chicago Housing Authority. He attended the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign and in 1981 became a member of the Iota Phi Theta fraternity.
<Deborah_Grey>	Deborah Cleland Grey, PC, OC (born July 1, 1952) is a retired Canadian member of Parliament from Alberta for the Reform Party of Canada, the Canadian Alliance, and the Conservative Party of Canada. She was the first female federal leader of the Opposition in Canadian history.  She currently serves on the advisory board of the Leaders' Debates Commission.Born in Vancouver, British Columbia,  Grey pursued studies in sociology, English and education at Burrard Inlet Bible Institute, Trinity Western College and the University of Alberta. She then worked as a teacher in a number of rural Alberta communities until 1989.
<Cumulus_Media>	Cumulus Media, Inc. is an American broadcasting company and is the third largest owner and operator of AM and FM radio stations in the United States behind Audacy and iHeartMedia. As of June 2019, Cumulus lists ownership of 428 stations in 87 media markets. It also owns and operates Westwood One. Its headquarters are located in Atlanta, Georgia. Its subsidiaries include Cumulus Broadcasting LLC, Cumulus Licensing LLC and Broadcast Software International Inc.Cumulus Media was established in August 1998 by radio consultant Lewis Dickey Jr. and media and technology entrepreneur Richard Weening. The Telecommunications Act of 1996, among other legislation, relaxed media ownership restrictions, allowing a single owner to possess or control an unprecedented number of radio stations per market and nationwide. Dickey, then a nationally known radio programming consultant, was acting as a consultant to a small radio group in which Weening had a personal investment. Weening signed onto Dickey's idea to acquire and operate radio stations in mid-size markets as opposed to the largest markets on which competing radio group Clear Channel Communications was focusing. Dickey was the radio expert and Weening was the corporate finance and start-up CEO. Dickey was president of both radio consulting firm Stratford Research and his family company, Midwestern Broadcasting, with two stations in Toledo, Ohio; these stations would later be acquired by Cumulus. Weening had successful experience as a start-up CEO in book and magazine publishing, online services and enterprise software systems. He was then CEO of Quaestus & Co., Inc., a private equity firm specializing in media and technology startups. For the new radio company, Weening chose the name Cumulus for the type of cloud formation for their ubiquity in the sky, which Weening and Dickey hoped would be the same for their stations across the country. Quaestus provided the seed capital to make the first station acquisitions as a model for the Cumulus business strategy.
<Richard_M._Linnehan>	Richard Michael Linnehan (born September 19, 1957) is a United States Army veterinarian and a NASA astronaut.Linnehan was born September 19, 1957, in Lowell, Massachusetts, and was raised by his paternal grandparents, Henry and Mae Linnehan. He grew up in the state of New Hampshire. He is single and enjoys various sports, outdoor activities and natural history.After graduating from The Ohio State University College of Veterinary Medicine in June 1985, Linnehan entered private veterinary practice and was later accepted to a two-year joint internship in zoo animal medicine and comparative pathology at the Baltimore Zoo and Johns Hopkins University. After completing his internship, Linnehan was commissioned as a captain in the U.S. Army Veterinary Corps and reported for duty in early 1989 at the Naval Ocean Systems Center, San Diego, California, as chief clinical veterinarian for the U.S. Navy’s Marine Mammal Program. During his assignment at the Naval Ocean Systems Center, Linnehan initiated and supervised research in the areas of cetacean and pinniped anesthesia, orthopedics, drug pharmacokinetics and reproduction in direct support of U.S. Navy mobile marine mammal systems stationed in California, Florida, and Hawaii.
<Florida_Department_of_Transportation>	The Florida Department of Transportation (FDOT) is a decentralized agency charged with the establishment, maintenance, and regulation of public transportation in the state of Florida. The department was formed in 1969. It absorbed the powers of the State Road Department (SRD).  The current Secretary of Transportation is Jared W. Perdue.The State Road Department, the predecessor of today's Department of Transportation, was authorized in 1915 by the Florida Legislature. For the first two years of its existence, the department acted as an advisory body to the 52 counties in the state, helping to assemble maps and other information on roads.The 1916 Bankhead Act passed by Congress expanded the department's responsibilities and gave it the authority to: establish a state and state-aid system of roads, engage in road construction and maintenance, acquire and own land, exercise the right of eminent domain, and accept federal or local funds for use in improving roads.
<Jordan_Peele>	Jordan Haworth Peele (born February 21, 1979) is an American actor, comedian, and filmmaker. He is best known for his film and television work in the comedy and horror genres. Peele's breakout role came in 2003, when he was hired as a cast member on the Fox sketch comedy series Mad TV, where he spent five seasons, leaving the show in 2008. In the following years, he and his frequent Mad TV collaborator, Keegan-Michael Key, created and starred in their own Comedy Central sketch comedy series Key & Peele (2012–2015). The series was critically acclaimed, winning two Primetime Emmy Awards and a Peabody Award. The two wrote, produced, and starred in the comedy film Keanu (2016), appeared together as FBI agents in the first season of FX's anthology series Fargo, and had starring voice roles together in the animated films Storks (2016) and Toy Story 4 (2019).Peele has also voice acted in the animated film Captain Underpants: The First Epic Movie (2017) and in the adult animated sitcom Big Mouth (2017–present). He co-created the TBS comedy series The Last O.G. (2018–2022) and the YouTube Premium comedy series Weird City (2019). He also served as the host and producer of the CBS All Access revival of the anthology series The Twilight Zone (2019–2020). His 2017 directorial debut, the horror film Get Out, was a critical and box office success, for which he received numerous accolades, including the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay, along with nominations for Best Picture and Best Director. Critics have frequently named Get Out as one of the best films of the 21st century. He received another Academy Award nomination for Best Picture for producing Spike Lee's BlacKkKlansman (2018). He directed, wrote, and produced the acclaimed horror film Us (2019) and the science fiction horror film Nope (2022). He is the founder of film and television production company Monkeypaw Productions.
<Jonathan_Silverman>	Jonathan Elihu Silverman (born August 5, 1966) is an American actor, known for his roles in the comedy films Brighton Beach Memoirs, Weekend at Bernie's, and its sequel Weekend at Bernie's II.Silverman was born in Los Angeles, California, to a Jewish family. He is the son of Devora (née Halaban) and Hillel Emanuel Silverman, a rabbi. He is the grandson of famous Conservative Rabbi Morris Silverman. His mother is from Jerusalem, where her family has lived since the establishment of Israel. He graduated Beverly Hills High School in 1984 and is friends with David Schwimmer, who was a classmate.
<Democracy_is_Freedom_–_The_Daisy>	Democracy is Freedom – The Daisy (Italian: Democrazia è Libertà – La Margherita, DL), commonly known simply as The Daisy (La Margherita), was a centrist political party in Italy. The party was formed from the merger of three parties within the centre-left coalition: the Italian People's Party, The Democrats and Italian Renewal. The party president and leader was Francesco Rutelli, former mayor of Rome and prime ministerial candidate during the 2001 general election for The Olive Tree coalition, within which The Daisy electoral list won 14.5% of the national vote.The Daisy became a single party in February 2002. It was set up by former left-leaning Christian Democrats, centrists, social-liberals (former Liberals and former Republicans), as well as other left-wing politicians from the former Italian Socialist Party and Federation of the Greens.
<Zhang_Jindong>	Zhang Jindong (simplified Chinese: 张近东; traditional Chinese: 張近東; pinyin: Zhāng Jìndōng; born March 1963) is a Chinese billionaire entrepreneur. He is one of the founders and the current honorary chairman of the Suning.com, headquartered in Nanjing, Jiangsu Province. He also owned 100% stake in Suning Holdings Group, 65% stake in Suning Real Estate as well as 48.1% stake in Suning Appliance Group as the second largest shareholder. His company also holds the majority of shares of Italian football club Inter Milan.He was also the managing director and general manager of Suning Holdings Group, chairman of Suning.com.Zhang Jindong was born in Tianchang, Anhui Province in 1963. He graduated from Chinese department at Nanjing Normal University.
<James_Ogden>	James Ernest Ogden (8 March 1868 – 5 February 1932) was an Australian politician who was elected to the Tasmanian House of Assembly and the Australian Senate.Ogden was born at Durdidwarrah, near Geelong, Victoria and educated at Steiglitz State School until he was 14 and then worked at a variety of jobs in different parts of Australia.  From 1896 until 1906 he was a prospector and miner on the west-coast of Tasmania.  He married Emma Etta Colls in 1897.  He was later president of the Tasmanian branch of the Amalgamated Miners' Association.
<Mexico_City>	Mexico City (Spanish: Ciudad de México, locally [sjuˈða(ð) ðe ˈmexiko] (listen); abbr.: CDMX; Nahuatl: Altepetl Mexico) is the capital and largest city of Mexico, and the most populous city in North America. One of the world's alpha cities, it is located in the Valley of Mexico within the high Mexican central plateau, at an altitude of 2,240 meters (7,350 ft). The city has 16 boroughs or demarcaciones territoriales, which are in turn divided into neighborhoods or colonias.The 2020 population for the city proper was 9,209,944, with a land area of 1,495 square kilometers (577 sq mi). According to the most recent definition agreed upon by the federal and state governments, the population of Greater Mexico City is 21,804,515, which makes it the sixth-largest metropolitan area in the world, the second-largest urban agglomeration in the Western Hemisphere (behind São Paulo, Brazil), and the largest Spanish-speaking city (city proper) in the world. Greater Mexico City has a GDP of $411 billion in 2011, which makes it one of the most productive urban areas in the world. The city was responsible for generating 15.8% of Mexico's GDP, and the metropolitan area accounted for about 22% of the country's GDP. If it were an independent country in 2013, Mexico City would be the fifth-largest economy in Latin America.
<Josephine_Wayne>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<University_of_Exeter>	Penryn – 70 acres (28 ha)The University of Exeter is a public research university in Exeter, Devon, England, United Kingdom. Its predecessor institutions, St Luke's College, Exeter School of Science, Exeter School of Art, and the Camborne School of Mines were established in 1838, 1855, 1863, and 1888 respectively. These institutions later formed the University of Exeter after receiving its royal charter in 1955. In post-nominals, the University of Exeter is abbreviated as Exon. (from the Latin Exoniensis), and is the suffix given to honorary and academic degrees from the university.
<William_Plain>	William Plain (11 March 1868 – 14 October 1961) was a Scottish-born Australian politician.Born in Scotland, to James and Christina (née Naismith) Plain, where he was educated, he migrated to Australia in 1890, where he became a farm worker and gold miner at Lara, Victoria. In 1908, he was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly as the Labor member for Geelong. He was also President of the Board of Land and Works and Commissioner of Crown Lands and Survey in 1913, as well as Minister for Water Supply and Agriculture. He left the Labor Party in the wake of the 1916 split over conscription, joining the Nationalist Party.
<FC_Porto_B>	Futebol Clube do Porto B, commonly known as Porto B, is a Portuguese professional football team, which serves as the reserve side of FC Porto. They compete in the Liga Portugal 2, the second division of Portuguese football, and play their home matches at the Estádio Municipal Jorge Sampaio in Pedroso, Vila Nova de Gaia.Domestically, Porto B were the first and currently, the only Portuguese reserve side to have won the second division title after a successful campaign in the 2015–16 season. Internationally, the team is the record holder of the Premier League International Cup after two consecutive wins in the 2016–17 and 2017–18 editions.
<The_Box_(U.S._TV_channel)>	The Box, originally named the Video Jukebox Network, was an American broadcast, cable and satellite television network that operated from 1985 to 2001. The network focused on music videos, which through a change in format in the early 1990s, were selected by viewer request via telephone; as such, unlike competing networks (such as MTV and VH1), the videos were not broadcast on a set rotation.The network was distributed on cable and satellite providers, with additional carriage on over-the-air UHF television stations (mainly on low-power outlets); most of these stations, which later became affiliates of MTV2 following the shutdown of The Box's US operations, have since been sold off as of 2012, while Viacom retains ownership of the other remaining former Box affiliates.The Box's UK Operations remain on the air today, now fully owned by London-based Channel Four Television Corporation, (after Channel 4 bought out their partners in The Box Plus Network, Germany's Bauer Media Group in 2019).
<Georgetown_University>	Georgetown University is a private research university in the Georgetown neighborhood of Washington, D.C. Founded by Bishop John Carroll in 1789 as Georgetown College, the university has grown to comprise eleven undergraduate and graduate schools, including the Walsh School of Foreign Service, McDonough School of Business, Medical School, Law School, and a campus in Qatar. The school's main campus, on a hill above the Potomac River, is identifiable by its flagship Healy Hall, a National Historic Landmark. The school was founded by and is affiliated with the Society of Jesus, and is the oldest Catholic institution of higher education in the United States, though the majority of students presently are not Catholic.Georgetown is ranked among the top universities in the United States and admission is highly selective. The university offers degree programs in forty-eight disciplines, enrolling an average of 7,500 undergraduate and 10,000 post-graduate students from more than 135 countries. The school's athletic teams are nicknamed the Hoyas and include a men's basketball team, which has won a record eight Big East championships, appeared in five Final Fours, and won a national championship in 1984.Georgetown's notable alumni include 13 Nobel Prize Laureates, 28 Rhodes Scholars, 32 Marshall Scholars, 33 Truman Scholars, 429 Fulbright Scholars, 2 U.S. Presidents, and 2 U.S. Supreme Court Justices, as well as international royalty and 14 foreign heads of state. Among the world's leading institutions in government and international relations, the school's alumni include more U.S. diplomats than any other university and many members of the United States Congress.
<Alexander_Poynton>	Alexander Poynton OBE (8 August 1853 – 9 January 1935) was an Australian politician. He held ministerial office under Prime Minister Billy Hughes, serving as Treasurer (1916–1917), Minister for Home and Territories (1920–1921), and Postmaster-General (1921–1923).Poynton was a shearer and union leader before entering politics. He served in the South Australian House of Assembly (1893–1901) as a supporter of the labour movement before winning election to the House of Representatives at the 1901 federal election. Following the Australian Labor Party split of 1916 he followed Hughes into the Nationalist Party. He lost his seat at the 1922 election.
<My_Heart's_in_the_Highlands_(play)>	My Heart's in the Highlands is a one act play by Armenian-American dramatist and author William Saroyan, adapted from his short story, "The Man with the Heart in the Highlands". Saroyan's first play, it is a comedy about a young boy and his Armenian family. It was produced on Broadway at the Guild Theatre.The play was adapted into a chamber opera by U.S. composer Jack Beeson in 1969 and had its world debut on U.S. network National Educational Television, the predecessor of the U.S. Public Broadcasting Service, March 17, 1970. The 90-minute broadcast, directed by pioneering operatic TV director Kirk Browning, was part of the NET Opera Theater series, which aired on NET and then on PBS. The TV broadcast also included, for the first time, simulcast high-fidelity stereo audio. “NET organized links with FM stations throughout the country to broadcast the stereo soundtrack of My Heart’s in the Highlands simultaneously with the telecast,” writes Brian G. Rose, professor of communication and media studies at New York’s Fordham University. “By turning off the volume of their televisions and turning on their stereos, home viewers could now have the chance to hear opera with extraordinary fidelity and range. The technique would become an important adjunct of non-commercial television’s music programming from that point onward.”
<Stepney>	Stepney is a district in the East End of London in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets. The district is no longer officially defined, and is usually used to refer to a relatively small area. However, for much of its history the place name applied to a much larger manor and parish. Stepney Green is a remnant of a larger area of Common Land formerly known as Mile End Green.The area was built up rapidly in the 19th century, mainly to accommodate immigrant workers and displaced London poor, and developed a reputation for poverty, overcrowding, violence and political dissent. It was severely damaged during the Blitz, with over a third of housing totally destroyed; and then, in the 1960s, slum clearance and development replaced most residential streets with tower blocks and modern housing estates. Some Georgian architecture and Victorian era terraced housing survive in patches: for example Arbour Square, the eastern side of Stepney Green, and the streets around Matlock Street.
<Kristen_Cloke>	Kristen Ann Cloke is an American actress. She appeared in Space: Above and Beyond, and has acted in several small parts of other TV series. She is known for her role as Valerie Lewton in Final Destination and as Leigh Colvin in the slasher film Black Christmas (2006). Cloke frequently appears in productions written, produced or directed by her husband, Glen Morgan.Cloke was born in the Van Nuys section of Los Angeles, California and attended California State University, Northridge. She is married to producer, writer, and director Glen Morgan, and has four children.[citation needed]Her first feature film role was the female lead in Megaville, alongside Billy Zane.
<The_House_with_the_Green_Shutters>	The House with the Green Shutters is a novel by the Scottish writer George Douglas Brown, first published in 1901 by John MacQueen. Set in mid-19th century Ayrshire, in the fictitious town of Barbie which is based on his native Ochiltree, it consciously violates the conventions of the sentimental kailyard school, and is sometimes quoted as an influence on the Scottish Renaissance.The novel describes the struggles of a proud and taciturn carrier, John Gourlay, against the spiteful comments and petty machinations of the envious and idle villagers of Barbie (the "bodies"). The sudden return after fifteen years' absence of the ambitious merchant, James Wilson, son of a mole-catcher, leads to commercial competition against which Gourlay has trouble responding.
<Luke_Foster>	Luke James Foster (born 8 September 1985) is an English semi-professional footballer who plays as a defender for Northern Premier League Division One East club Loughborough Dynamo.Foster started his career as a trainee with Sheffield Wednesday, signing a professional contract with the club at the age of 18. He joined Scarborough on work experience in September 2004, and was also loaned out to Conference North club Alfreton Town in February 2005 until the end of the 2004–05 season. On returning to his parent club, Foster was released, and joined Lincoln City in June 2005. He was loaned out to York City the following season on a two-month loan. In January 2007, Foster was released by Lincoln, and he joined Stalybridge Celtic on a short-term contract. He left Stalybridge a month later, in order to join Oxford United on an initial six-month deal. Foster went on to play over 100 times for Oxford in just under three years at the club, winning two end of season awards in the process.
<Gangster_High>	Gangster High is a 2006 South Korean action film written and directed by Park Ki-hyung.In 1991, studious soccer enthusiast Sang-ho creates a soccer club called "Tigers" along with his friends Jae-gu and Chang-bae. Through Jae-gu, he meets an attractive, rebellious girl named Su-hee, who turns out to be Jong-suk's girlfriend, leader of a gang called TNT. The two gangs soon become embroiled in intense and violent conflict. When Jae-gu is killed in a car accident related to a gang fight with Jong-suk, the Tigers decide to avenge him. The two gangs meet in a billiards club, and, despite the pleas of Su-hee, a vicious and brutal fight ensues. Three people end up dying, and the rest permanently damaged, including some of Sang-ho's friends. Sang-ho, being the person who started the fight and the only one to walk away relatively unscathed, is charged with the murder of the three people and is sent to prison, where he reminisces upon the fact that the Tiger soccer club was initially created for the enjoyment of soccer and friendship.Gangster High opened in South Korea in October, 2006, and premiered at the European Film Market in Germany on February 8, 2007. In the United States, Derek Elley of Variety described it as bleak and violent, but praised it as "well drawn in all its diversity (and with occasional humor) by a good cast." James Mudge of Beyond Hollywood gave it a positive review: "Although its premise may sound overly familiar, Gangster High certainly stands as one of the best teen violence films of recent years, with Park proving that he has not lost his touch when it comes to dealing with tales of troubled youth. Hard-hitting and gripping, it offers a different and arguably more convincing take on the usual themes, and contains enough vicious action to entertain as well as provoke."
<TPC_Boston>	TPC Boston is a private golf club in the northeastern United States, located in Norton, Massachusetts, approximately 25 miles (40 km) south of Boston.Originally designed by Arnold Palmer and built in 2002, the course was re-designed in 2007 by Gil Hanse and PGA Tour player Brad Faxon. The course is a member of the Tournament Players Club network operated by the PGA Tour. Prior to 2019, the course was the venue for the Dell Technologies Championship, which was previously known as the Deutsche Bank Championship (2003–2016). In 2019, with significant changes to the PGA Tour's schedule change and playoff format, the Dell Technologies Championship was eliminated from the PGA Tour schedule in an effort to end the FedEx Cup playoffs prior to the start of football season. As part of the new schedule, TPC Boston became part of a rotating venue for The Northern Trust, alternating years with a venue in the New York City area. The tournament is held at TPC Boston in even-numbered years starting in 2020.Source:
<United_States_Army>	The United States Army (USA) is the land service branch of the United States Armed Forces. It is one of the eight U.S. uniformed services, and is designated as the Army of the United States in the U.S. Constitution. The oldest and most senior branch of the U.S. military in order of precedence, the modern U.S. Army has its roots in the Continental Army, which was formed 14 June 1775 to fight the American Revolutionary War (1775–1783)—before the United States was established as a country. After the Revolutionary War, the Congress of the Confederation created the United States Army on 3 June 1784 to replace the disbanded Continental Army. The United States Army considers itself to be a continuation of the Continental Army, and thus considers its institutional inception to be the origin of that armed force in 1775.The U.S. Army is a uniformed service of the United States and is part of the Department of the Army, which is one of the three military departments of the Department of Defense. The U.S. Army is headed by a civilian senior appointed civil servant, the secretary of the Army (SECARMY) and by a chief military officer, the chief of staff of the Army (CSA) who is also a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. It is the largest military branch, and in the fiscal year 2020, the projected end strength for the Regular Army (USA) was 480,893 soldiers; the Army National Guard (ARNG) had 336,129 soldiers and the U.S. Army Reserve (USAR) had 188,703 soldiers; the combined-component strength of the U.S. Army was 1,005,725 soldiers.[citation needed] As a branch of the armed forces, the mission of the U.S. Army is "to fight and win our Nation's wars, by providing prompt, sustained land dominance, across the full range of military operations and the spectrum of conflict, in support of combatant commanders". The branch participates in conflicts worldwide and is the major ground-based offensive and defensive force of the United States.
<Crystal_Quest>	Crystal Quest is an action game written by Patrick Buckland for the Macintosh and published by Casady & Greene in 1987. It was ported to the Apple IIGS in 1989 by Rebecca Heineman. Ports were also made to the Amiga, Game Boy, iOS, and Palm.  It was the first game to support the color displays of the Macintosh II.[citation needed]The game was based on the original shareware game Crystal Raider, one of the supporters of which had been Michael Greene, founder of Greene, Inc. (later to merge with CasadyWare to become Casady & Greene).  A sequel, similar to the original game, Crystal Crazy, was released in 1993.On February 7, 2006 Crystal Quest was released on Xbox 360 via Xbox Live Arcade.
<Dallas_Dhu_distillery>	Wright & Greig Ltd. (1899–1918)J. P. O'Brian & Co. (1919–1920)Benmore Distilleries Ltd. (1921–1928)Distillers Company (1929–1983)The Dallas Dhu distillery was a producer of single malt Scotch whisky that operated between 1899 and 1983 in Forres, Moray, Scotland. Dallas Dhu means "Black Water Valley" in Gaelic. Its whisky also appeared as a "Dallas Mhor" single malt. In 1899, Alexander Edward designed the Dallas Dhu distillery at the height of the whisky boom. Later he sold the plans and the distillery was built by the blender Wright and Greg. It was acquired by Benmore Distilleries Ltd, which joined DCL in 1929. The stillhouse was destroyed by a fire in 1939, but rebuilt. Production continued until the distillery closed in 1983; it is now a museum.
<Bob_Knight>	Robert Montgomery Knight (born October 25, 1940) is an American former basketball coach. Nicknamed "the General", Knight won 902 NCAA Division I men's college basketball games, a record at the time of his retirement, and currently fourth all-time, behind his former player and assistant coach Mike Krzyzewski of Duke, Roy Williams of University of North Carolina Men’s Basketball,  and Jim Boeheim of Syracuse, of whom Boeheim is still active. Knight is best known as the head coach of the Indiana Hoosiers from 1971 to 2000. He also coached at Texas Tech (2001–2008) and at Army (1965–1971).While at Army, he led the Black Knights to four post-season tournament appearances in six seasons, winning two-thirds of his games along the way.  His success at Army led to his being a candidate for several major university jobs, including Wisconsin and Indiana.  After taking the job at Indiana, Knight led his teams to three NCAA championships, one National Invitation Tournament (NIT) championship, and 11 Big Ten Conference championships. His 1975–76 team went undefeated during the regular season and won the 1976 NCAA tournament. Knight received National Coach of the Year honors four times and Big Ten Coach of the Year honors eight times. In 1984, he coached the USA men's Olympic team to a gold medal, becoming one of only three basketball coaches to win an NCAA title, NIT title, and an Olympic gold medal.
<Dora_Lush>	Dora Mary Lush (31 July 1910 – 20 May 1943) was an Australian bacteriologist. She died after accidentally pricking her finger with a needle which contained lethal scrub typhus while attempting to develop a vaccine for the disease.Lush was born in Hawthorn, Victoria, the daughter of John Fullarton Lush, a clerk, and his wife Dora Emma Louisa née Puttmann. She had two brothers, who served as officers in the Second AIF and RAAF during World War II. She was educated at Fintona Girls' School and the University of Melbourne, gaining a B.Sc. in 1932 and an M.Sc. in 1934. She was an active sportswoman, being selected for the University of Melbourne's women's basketball team.
<Paul_Hudak>	Paul Raymond Hudak (July 15, 1952 – April 29, 2015) was an American musician and professor of computer science at Yale University who was best known for his involvement in the design of the Haskell programming language, as well as several textbooks on Haskell and computer music. He was a chair of the department, and was also master of Saybrook College. He died on April 29, 2015, of leukemia.This biographical article relating to a computer scientist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Johnny_Speight>	Johnny Speight (2 June 1920 – 5 July 1998) was an English television scriptwriter of many classic British sitcoms.He emerged in the mid-1950s. He wrote for radio comics Frankie Howerd, Vic Oliver, Arthur Askey, and Cyril Fletcher. For television he wrote for Morecambe & Wise, and Peter Sellers, as well as The Arthur Haynes Show. Later, he began to write Till Death Us Do Part, which included his most famous creation, the controversial bigot Alf Garnett. His shows often explored the themes of racism and sexism through satire.
<Intel>	Coordinates: 37°23′16″N 121°57′49″W﻿ / ﻿37.38778°N 121.96361°W﻿ / 37.38778; -121.96361Intel Corporation is an American multinational corporation and technology company headquartered in Santa Clara, California. It is the world's largest semiconductor chip manufacturer by revenue, and is one of the developers of the x86 series of instruction sets, the instruction sets found in most personal computers (PCs). Incorporated in Delaware, Intel ranked No. 45 in the 2020 Fortune 500 list of the largest United States corporations by total revenue for nearly a decade, from 2007 to 2016 fiscal years.Intel supplies microprocessors for computer system manufacturers such as Acer, Lenovo, HP, and Dell. Intel also manufactures motherboard chipsets, network interface controllers and integrated circuits, flash memory, graphics chips, embedded processors and other devices related to communications and computing.
<Carrie_Coon>	Carrie Alexandra Coon (born January 24, 1981) is an American actress. In television, she is known for her starring roles as grieving mother Nora Durst in the HBO drama series The Leftovers (2014–2017) and as Gloria Burgle in the third season of the FX anthology series Fargo (2017).  She won the TCA Award for Individual Achievement in Drama for both performances, won the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Supporting Actress in a Drama Series for the former, and was nominated for the Outstanding Lead Actress in a Limited Series or Movie for the latter. She also had a leading role in the second season of the anthology drama series The Sinner (2018), and is known for playing Bertha Russell in the HBO series The Gilded Age.On stage, Coon was nominated for a Tony Award for her performance in the 2012 revival of Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? She has also appeared in numerous films, including the psychological thriller Gone Girl (2014), the political drama The Post (2017), the heist thriller Widows (2018), the superhero film Avengers: Infinity War (2018), the period drama The Nest (2020), and the supernatural comedy Ghostbusters: Afterlife (2021).
<Institut_Henri_Poincaré>	The Henri Poincaré Institute (or IHP for Institut Henri Poincaré) is a mathematics research institute part of Sorbonne University, in association with the Centre national de la recherche scientifique (CNRS). It is located in the 5th arrondissement of Paris, on the Sainte-Geneviève Hill.Just after World War I, mathematicians Émile Borel in France and George Birkhoff in the United States persuaded French and American sponsors (Edmond de Rothschild and the Rockefeller Foundation respectively) to fund the building of a centre for lectures and international exchanges in mathematics and theoretical physics. The Institute was inaugurated on 17 November 1928 and named after French mathematician Henri Poincaré (1854–1912).The institute's objective has been to promote mathematical physics, and it soon became a meeting place for the French scientific community. In the 1990s, the IHP became a thematic institute modeled on Berkeley's Mathematical Sciences Research Institute (MSRI).
<Harry_F._Byrd_Jr.>	Harry Flood Byrd Jr. (December 20, 1914 – July 30, 2013) was an American orchardist, newspaper publisher and politician. He served in the Senate of Virginia and then represented Virginia in the United States Senate, succeeding his father, Harry F. Byrd Sr. His public service spanned thirty-six years, while he was a publisher of several Virginia newspapers. After the decline of the Byrd Organization due to its massive resistance to racial integration of public schools, he abandoned the Democratic Party in 1970, citing concern about its leftward tilt. He rehabilitated his political career, becoming the first independent in the history of the U.S. Senate to be elected by a majority of the popular vote.Byrd was born December 20, 1914, in Winchester, Virginia, the eldest child of Harry F. Byrd Sr. and his wife Anne Byrd (née Beverley). His siblings included a sister, Westwood ("Westie"), and two brothers, Richard Evelyn (Dick) and Beverley. The Byrds were one of the First Families of Virginia, and Byrd was a member of the Virginia Society of the Sons of the American Revolution. His uncle, Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd, was a pilot and polar explorer.In 1931, at his father's urging, young Harry Byrd enrolled at Virginia Military Institute. Two years later, Byrd transferred to the University of Virginia, where he became a member of the St. Anthony Hall fraternity, but left before graduating due to familial obligations.
<Gloria_Foster>	Gloria Foster (November 15, 1933 – September 29, 2001) was an American actress. She had acclaimed roles in plays In White America and Having Our Say, winning three Obie Awards during her career. Foster played the Oracle in The Matrix (1999) and The Matrix Reloaded (2003) films, the latter film being her last. Foster played the role of the mother of Yusef Bell in the mini series The Atlanta Child Murders which aired in 1985.Foster was born on November 15, 1933, in Chicago, Illinois. As a young child, Foster was put into the custody of her maternal grandparents. Foster never knew who her father was and she moved to Janesville, Wisconsin after her mother was hospitalized for a mental illness.Foster attended the University of Illinois at Chicago, where she participated in plays, but did not focus on acting. Foster decided to be a professional actor when her godmother introduced her to the Goodman Theatre in Chicago. Foster became one of the few African Americans at the Goodman School of Drama at the Art Institute of Chicago (now at DePaul University). During her studying at the Goodman School she also, "learned professional acting skills in the Court Theater at the University of Chicago". One of her most influential instructors was Bella Itkin, who cast Gloria in many classical roles.
<Chippenham_Lodge>	Chippenham Lodge is a heritage building in the Christchurch, New Zealand suburb of St Albans.Chippenham Lodge was named by their first owners, the brothers Francis and George Goldney, for their birthplace Chippenham in Wiltshire, England. It is located in Brown's Road, which was named for John Evans Brown, one of the notable owners of Chippenham Lodge.
<Martha_Gellhorn>	Martha Ellis Gellhorn (8 November 1908 – 15 February 1998) was an American novelist, travel writer, and journalist who is considered one of the great war correspondents of the 20th century.Gellhorn reported on virtually every major world conflict that took place during her 60-year career. She was also the third wife of American novelist Ernest Hemingway, from 1940 to 1945. She died in 1998 by apparent suicide at the age of 89, ill and almost completely blind. The Martha Gellhorn Prize for Journalism is named after her.
<A_Star_Is_Burns>	"A Star Is Burns" is the eighteenth episode of the sixth season of the American animated television series The Simpsons. It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on March 5, 1995. In the episode, Springfield decides to hold a film festival, and famed critic Jay Sherman is invited to be a judge.The story involves a crossover with the animated series The Critic. Jay Sherman was the main character on the show. The Critic was created by Al Jean and Mike Reiss, who had previously written for The Simpsons but left following the fourth season, and produced by James L. Brooks, who was also a producer for The Simpsons. The show had premiered on the ABC network in January 1994 but was canceled despite positive critical reception. The series was switched over to Fox, and put in the timeslot directly after The Simpsons. Brooks pitched a crossover episode as a way to promote The Critic and decided that a film festival would be a good way to introduce Sherman.
<Somerset_Park>	Somerset Park is a football stadium located in Ayr, South Ayrshire, Scotland. It has been the home of Ayr United since they were founded in 1910. Prior to that, it was the home ground of Ayr, who merged with Ayr Parkhouse to form Ayr United.Ayr commissioned Somerset Park in 1888 to replace Beresford Park. Ayr needed an alternative venue for a friendly match against Aston Villa because Beresford Park was being used for the Ayr Cattle Show at the time. The Beresford Park clubhouse and grandstand were dismantled and reassembled at Somerset Park. Ayr entered the Scottish Football League in 1897, but failed to seriously challenge for promotion to the First Division. Ayr Parkhouse, who played at Beresford Park, subsequently joined the league, but were also stuck in the Second Division. The two clubs decided to merge in 1910 to form Ayr United and the new club adopted Somerset Park as its primary home, although Beresford Park was used during the First World War.Ayr United bought Somerset Park for £2,500 in 1920. Four years later, the direction of the pitch was changed when the club built a new Main Stand. A roof was built in 1933 over the railway end terrace, which was split into male and female sections.
<Jonathan_Soriano>	Jonathan Soriano Casas (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈɟʝonatan soˈɾjano ˈkasas]; born 24 September 1985) is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a striker.He spent his early career with Espanyol and Barcelona, mostly with the respective reserve teams. In January 2012 he moved to Red Bull Salzburg, where he won four league and cup doubles, also finishing as the Austrian Football Bundesliga's top scorer three times; he totalled 172 goals in 202 matches for the latter club.
<Jens_Stoltenberg>	Jens Stoltenberg (born 16 March 1959) is a Norwegian politician who has been serving as the 13th secretary general of NATO since 2014. A member of the Norwegian Labour Party, he previously served as the 34th prime minister of Norway from 2000 to 2001, and again from 2005 until 2013.Born in Oslo as the son of the prominent diplomat and politician Thorvald Stoltenberg and Karin Stoltenberg (née Heiberg), Stoltenberg attended Oslo Waldorf School and Oslo Cathedral School before graduating with a degree in economics from the University of Oslo in 1987. During his studies, he worked as a journalist, and led Labour's youth wing from 1985 to 1989.
<Sanford-Herbert_Motor_Truck_Company>	The Sanford-Herbert Motor Truck Company (1909-1939) was a manufacturer of trucks in Syracuse, New York.The Sanford-Herbert Motor Truck Company was founded in 1909 and manufactured trucks in Syracuse for over 30 years until 1939.
<Valerie_Curtin>	Valerie Curtin is an American actress and screenwriter.Curtin was born in Jackson Heights, New York, the daughter of radio actor Joseph Curtin. She attended Lake Erie College.
<Martin_Landau>	Martin James Landau (/ˈlændaʊ/; June 20, 1928 – July 15, 2017) was an American actor, acting coach, producer, and editorial cartoonist. His career began in the 1950s, with early film appearances including a supporting role in Alfred Hitchcock's North by Northwest (1959) opposite Cary Grant. He played regular roles in the television series Mission: Impossible (1966–1969) and Space: 1999 (1975–1977).Landau received the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor – Motion Picture, as well as his first nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, for his role in Tucker: The Man and His Dream (1988); he received his second Oscar nomination for his performance in Woody Allen's Crimes and Misdemeanors (1989). His performance in the supporting role of Bela Lugosi in Ed Wood (1994) earned him an Academy Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award and a Golden Globe Award. He continued to perform in film and television, and headed the Hollywood branch of the Actors Studio until his death in July 2017.
<Allá_en_el_Rancho_Grande>	Allá en el Rancho Grande (English: Out on the Great Ranch) is a 1936 Mexican romantic drama film directed by Fernando de Fuentes and starring Tito Guízar and Esther Fernández.  The film is considered to be the one that started the Golden Age of Mexican cinema.The owner and the general manager of a ranch (Rancho Grande), two good friends, fall in love with the same girl at the same time. The owner tries to 'buy' the girl without knowing she is in love with the manager.
<Werner_Klemperer>	Werner Klemperer (March 22, 1920 – December 6, 2000) was an American actor. He was known for playing Colonel Wilhelm Klink on the CBS television sitcom Hogan's Heroes, for which he twice won the award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series at the Primetime Emmy Awards in 1968 and 1969.After serving in the United States Army during World War II, he began performing on the Broadway stage in 1947. Klemperer then appeared in several films during his early acting career such as The Wrong Man (1956), Judgment at Nuremberg (1961), and Houseboat (1958), and numerous roles on television shows such as Alfred Hitchcock Presents (1956), Perry Mason (1957), Maverick (1957), Gunsmoke (1958), The Untouchables (1960), and Have Gun Will Travel (1961), prior to his Hogan's Heroes role.
<Madeline_Hurlock>	Madeline Hurlock (December 12, 1897[better source needed]  – April 4, 1989) was a silent film actress.Madeline Hurlock was born on December 12, 1897 (some sources say 1899 or 1900), the daughter of John W. Hurlock, an engineer, and Sallie Hurlock. She was of English and Italian ancestry. Hurlock attended a finishing school in Philadelphia, after which she acted in a repertory theatre company there.In New York, Hurlock acted and danced in musical comedies at the Century Roof Garden and made her Broadway debut in the ensemble cast of The Rose of China in 1919.
<Marcian_Hoff>	Marcian Edward "Ted" Hoff Jr. (born October 28, 1937 in Rochester, New York) is one of the inventors of the microprocessor.Hoff received a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in 1958. He applied for his first two patents based on work done for the General Railway Signal Corp. of Rochester, New York during the summers of his undergraduate study.  He received a National Science Foundation Fellowship to enroll in Stanford University, where he received his master's degree in 1959 and his Ph.D. in 1962.  As part of his Ph.D. dissertation, Hoff co-invented the least mean squares filter with Bernard Widrow.Hoff joined Intel in 1968 as employee number 12, and is credited with coming up with the idea of using a "universal processor" rather than a variety of custom-designed circuits in the architectural idea and an instruction set formulated with Stanley Mazor in 1969 for the Intel 4004—the chip that started the microprocessor revolution in the early 1970s. Development of the silicon-gate design methodology and the actual chip design was done by Federico Faggin, who also led the project during 1970-1971. Masatoshi Shima from Busicom defined the logic.
<Howell_Cobb>	Howell Cobb (September 7, 1815 – October 9, 1868) was an American and later Confederate political figure. A southern Democrat, Cobb was a five-term member of the United States House of Representatives and the speaker of the House from 1849 to 1851. He also served as the 40th governor of Georgia (1851–1853) and as a secretary of the treasury under President James Buchanan (1857–1860).Cobb is, however, probably best known as one of the founders of the Confederacy, having served as the President of the Provisional Congress of the Confederate States where delegates of the Southern slave states declared that they had seceded from the United States and created the Confederate States of America.
<Luc_Besson>	Luc Paul Maurice Besson (French: [lyk bɛsɔ̃]; born 18 March 1959) is a French film director, screenwriter and producer. He directed or produced the films Subway (1985), The Big Blue (1988), and La Femme Nikita (1990). Besson is associated with the Cinéma du look film movement. He has been nominated for a César Award for Best Director and Best Picture for his films Léon: The Professional (1994) and the English-language The Messenger: The Story of Joan of Arc (1999). He won Best Director and Best French Director for his sci-fi action film The Fifth Element (1997). He wrote and directed the 2014 sci-fi action film Lucy and the 2017 space opera film Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets.Near the beginning of his career, in 1980 he founded his own production company, Les Films du Loup, later renamed as Les Films du Dauphin. These were superseded in 2000 when he co-founded EuropaCorp with his longtime collaborator Pierre-Ange Le Pogam [fr]. As writer, director, or producer, Besson has been involved in the creation of more than 50 films.
<Legacy_of_Kain>	Legacy of Kain is a series of dark fantasy action-adventure video games primarily developed by Crystal Dynamics and formerly published by Eidos Interactive, then Square Enix Europe after 2009. The first title, Blood Omen: Legacy of Kain, was created by Silicon Knights in association with Crystal Dynamics, but, after a legal battle, Crystal Dynamics retained the rights to the game's intellectual property, and continued its story with four sequels. To date, five games comprise the series, all initially developed for video game consoles and later ported to Microsoft Windows. Focusing on the eponymous character of Kain, a vampire antihero, each title features action, exploration and puzzle-solving, with some role-playing game elements.The series takes place in the fictional land of Nosgoth—a gothic fantasy setting—and revolves around Kain's quest to defy his fate and restore balance to the world. Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver introduced another antihero protagonist, Raziel; the adventures of both characters culminate in Legacy of Kain: Defiance. Themes of destiny, free will, morality, redemption and the hero's journey recur in the storyline, which was inspired by ancient literature, horror fiction, Shakespeare's plays and gnosticism. The Legacy of Kain games have enjoyed critical success, particularly receiving praise for high-quality voice acting, narrative, and visuals, and, as a whole, had sold over 3.5 million copies by 2007.
<George_Cleveland>	George Alan Cleveland (September 17, 1885 – July 15, 1957) was a Canadian film actor.  He appeared in more than 180 films between 1930 and 1954.Cleveland was born in Sydney, Nova Scotia, Canada. His first appearance on the stage was in The Octaroon as a teenager. Cleveland was active as a Vaudevillian before  moving to Hollywood in 1936 where he worked in films via acting, producing and directing.
<Stanko_Premrl>	Stanko Premrl  (28 September 1880 – 14 March 1965) was a Slovene Roman Catholic priest, composer, and music teacher. He is best known as the composer of the music for the Slovene national anthem, "Zdravljica".Premrl was born in the village of Šent Vid (now Podnanos) in the upper Vipava Valley, in what was then the Austro-Hungarian Duchy of Carniola (now in Slovenia).He graduated from the music conservatory in Vienna. From 1909 to 1939, he served as music director at the Ljubljana Cathedral. Between 1908 and 1939, he was head of the organ school in Ljubljana.
<Japan_Prize>	The Japan Prize (日本国際賞, Nihon-kokusai-shō, lit. "Japan International Prize") is awarded to people from all parts of the world whose "original and outstanding achievements in science and technology are recognized as having advanced the frontiers of knowledge and served the cause of peace and prosperity for mankind." The Prize is presented by the Japan Prize Foundation. Since its inception in 1985, the Foundation has awarded 81 people from 13 countries.The Japan Prize consists of a certificate, a commemorative medal and a cash award of ¥50 million. No discrimination is made as to nationality, occupation, race, or gender. Only living persons may be named. Every November, the Japan Prize Foundation selects two fields for the award according to current trends in science and technology. The nomination and selection process takes about one year. The laureates, one from each field, are announced in January.The prestigious prize presentation ceremony is held in the presence of the Emperor and the Empress of Japan. According to his book Dancing Naked in the Mind Field, Kary Mullis, 1993 Nobel Laureate in Chemistry, addressed Empress Michiko as sweetie when being awarded the prize in 1993 for the development of the polymerase chain reaction. The events are also attended by the Prime Minister, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the President of the House of Councillors, the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, foreign ambassadors to Japan and about a thousand other distinguished guests, including eminent academics, researchers and representatives of political, business and press circles. The 2014 Japan Prize Presentation Ceremony was held on April 23 at the National Theatre in Tokyo.
<The_Last_September>	The Last September is a 1929 novel by the Anglo-Irish writer Elizabeth Bowen, concerning life in  Danielstown, Cork during the Irish War of Independence, at a country mansion. John Banville wrote a screenplay based on the novel; the film adaptation was released in 1999.Although The Last September was first published in 1929, a preface was written for this text decades later to be included in the second American edition of this novel. Concerned that readers unfamiliar with this particular chapter of Irish history would not fully comprehend the anxieties of these times, Bowen takes great pains to explain the particulars of both her writing process and the political reasons for the unsettled atmosphere felt throughout the text, palpable even in its most seemingly serene moments. Of all her books, Bowen notes, The Last September is "nearest to my heart, [and it] had a deep, unclouded, spontaneous source. Though not poetic, it brims up with what could be the stuff of poetry, the sensations of youth. It is a work of instinct rather than knowledge—to a degree, a 'recall' book, but there had been no such recall before." While Bowen's own beloved family home, Bowen's Court, remained untouched throughout "The Troubled Times" this preface explores the ramifications for witnesses of “Ambushes, arrests, captures and burning, reprisals and counter-reprisals” as "The British patrolled and hunted; the Irish planned, lay in wait, and struck.” "I was the child of the house from which Danielstown derives" Bowen concludes, "nevertheless, so often in my mind's eye did I see it [Bowen’s Court] burning that the terrible last event in The Last September is more real than anything I have lived through."
<Kay_Johnson>	Catherine Townsend Johnson (November 29, 1904 – November 17, 1975) was an American stage and film actress.Johnson was born in Mount Vernon, New York. Her father was architect Thomas R. Johnson, who worked in the firm of Cass Gilbert,[citation needed] the architect of several noteworthy buildings in New York City, including the Woolworth Building, the New York Customs House, and many library buildings. When she was a junior, she dropped out of Grew Seminary to study at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts.
<Havant_&_Waterlooville_F.C.>	Havant & Waterlooville Football Club is a professional football club based in Havant, Hampshire, England. The club participates in the National League South, the sixth tier of English football, after relegation from the National League in the 2018–19 season. The club formed in 1998 after a merger between Havant Town and Waterlooville. Nicknamed "The Hawks", they play at Westleigh Park.In 1998, Havant Town and Waterlooville merged to play at Havant Town's Westleigh Park ground. In their first season as a merged team, Havant & Waterlooville won the Southern League Southern Division under the management of former Crystal Palace and Portsmouth defender Billy Gilbert. There was also instant success in the FA Cup, a penalty shoot-out defeat to Hayes was all that denied the Hawks an opportunity to visit league side Mansfield Town in the first round proper.
<Orientamenti>	Giulio Cesare Andrea "Julius" Evola (Italian: [ˈɛːvola]; 19 May 1898 – 11 June 1974) was an Italian philosopher, poet, painter, esotericist, and radical-right ideologue. Evola regarded his values as aristocratic, masculine, traditionalist, heroic, and defiantly reactionary. An eccentric thinker in Fascist Italy, he also had ties to Nazi Germany; in the post-war era, he was known as an ideological mentor of the Italian neo-fascist and militant right.Evola was born in Rome. He served as an artillery officer in the First World War. He became a Dada artist but gave up painting in his twenties. He said he considered suicide until he had a revelation while reading a Buddhist text. In the 1920s he delved into the occult; he wrote on Western esotericism and of Eastern mysticism, developing his doctrine of "magical idealism".His writings blend various ideas of German idealism, Eastern doctrines, traditionalism and the interwar Conservative Revolution, with themes such as Hermeticism, the metaphysics of war and sex, Tantra, Buddhism, Taoism, mountaineering, the Holy Grail, civilisations, and decadence. Evola believed that mankind is living in the Kali Yuga, a Dark Age of unleashed materialistic appetites. To counter this and call in a primordial rebirth, Evola presented his "world of Tradition". According to scholar Franco Ferraresi, Evola’s thought can be considered one of the most consistently "antiegalitarian, antiliberal, antidemocratic, and antipopular systems in the twentieth century". Various writings by Evola are noted for their misogyny, racism, antisemitism, and attacks on Christianity and the Catholic Church.
<Richmond,_Virginia>	Richmond (/ˈrɪtʃmənd/) is the capital city of the Commonwealth of Virginia in the United States. It is the center of the Richmond Metropolitan Statistical Area and the Greater Richmond Region. Richmond was incorporated in 1742 and has been an independent city since 1871. At the 2010 census, the city's population was 204,214; in 2020, the population had grown to 226,610, making Richmond the fourth-most populous city in Virginia. The Richmond Metropolitan Area has a population of 1,260,029, the third-most populous metro in the state.Richmond is at the fall line of the James River, 44 mi (71 km) west of Williamsburg, 66 mi (106 km) east of Charlottesville, 91 mi (146 km) east of Lynchburg and 92 mi (148 km) south of Washington, D.C. Surrounded by Henrico and Chesterfield counties, the city is at the intersections of Interstate 95 and Interstate 64 and encircled by Interstate 295, Virginia State Route 150 and Virginia State Route 288. Major suburbs include Midlothian to the southwest, Chesterfield to the south, Varina to the southeast, Sandston to the east, Glen Allen to the north and west, Short Pump to the west and Mechanicsville to the northeast.
<Michael_Foreman_(astronaut)>	Michael James Foreman (born March 29, 1957) is a retired U.S. Navy pilot and a NASA astronaut. While with NASA, Foreman was part of a mission that delivered the Japanese Experiment Module and the Canadian Special Purpose Dexterous Manipulator to the International Space Station. Foreman was also a crewmember of the  STS-129 mission in November 2009. In 2018, he was elected mayor of Friendswood, Texas. His wife Lorrie is a civil engineer.Foreman was born in Columbus, Ohio, and grew up in Wadsworth, Ohio. He is married to Lorrie Dancer of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. They have three children.He graduated from Wadsworth High School, Wadsworth, Ohio, in 1975; received a Bachelor of Science degree in Aerospace Engineering from the U.S. Naval Academy in 1979, and a Master of Science degree in Aeronautical Engineering from the U.S. Naval Postgraduate School in 1986.
<Theodore_Harold_Maiman>	Theodore Harold Maiman (July 11, 1927 – May 5, 2007) was an American engineer and physicist who is widely credited with the invention of the laser. Maiman's laser led to the subsequent development of many other types of lasers. The laser was successfully fired on May 16, 1960. In a July 7, 1960 press conference in Manhattan, Maiman and his employer, Hughes Aircraft Company, announced the laser to the world. Maiman was granted a patent for his invention, and he received many awards and honors for his work. His experiences in developing the first laser and subsequent related events are recounted in his book, The Laser Odyssey, republished recently under a new title The Laser Inventor: Memoirs of Theodore H. Maiman.Maiman was born in Los Angeles to Abraham "Abe" Maiman, an electrical engineer and inventor, and Rose Abramson. At a young age his family moved to Denver, Colorado, where he helped his father with experimentation in a home electronics laboratory. Maiman says in his autobiography that "as with most hyperactive kids, I was skinny, some 10–15 pounds underweight", and considers himself to have been a target for Ritalin should it have existed at the time. In his teens Maiman earned money by repairing electric appliances and radios, and after leaving high school was employed as a junior engineer with the National Union Radio Company at age 17.
<Protectionist_Party>	The Protectionist Party or Liberal Protectionist Party was an Australian political party, formally organised from 1887 until 1909, with policies centred on protectionism. The party advocated protective tariffs, arguing it would allow Australian industry to grow and provide employment. It had its greatest strength in Victoria and in the rural areas of New South Wales. Its most prominent leaders were Sir Edmund Barton and Alfred Deakin, who were the first and second prime ministers of Australia.The party was initially centred on New South Wales, where its leaders were George Dibbs and William Lyne. It dominated New South Wales colonial politics before federation. It first contested the 1887 New South Wales election.
<Terry_Bowden>	Terry Wilson Bowden (/ˈbaʊdən/; born February 24, 1956) is an American college football coach, currently the head coach at the University of Louisiana at Monroe. Bowden was previously head coach at Salem University (1983–1985), Samford University (1987–1992), Auburn University (1993–1998), the University of North Alabama (2009–2011), and the University of Akron (2012–2018). He is a son of former Florida State University head football coach Bobby Bowden and a brother of Tommy Bowden, former head football coach at Clemson University, and Jeff Bowden, the former offensive coordinator at Florida State who served as Terry's special teams coordinator at Akron.Bowden attended and played football for West Virginia University, where he was a member of Phi Kappa Psi fraternity, and graduated magna cum laude with a degree in accounting.  His father, Bobby Bowden, was the Mountaineers' head coach until 1975, and Bowden lettered twice as a running back for his father's successor, Frank Cignetti, Sr. In addition to his post-graduate work at Oxford University, Bowden also received his Juris Doctor degree from Florida State University College of Law.
<Texas_Tech_University_School_of_Law>	The Texas Tech University School of Law is an ABA-accredited law school located on the campus of Texas Tech University in Lubbock, Texas. The school offers three academic centers, ten dual-degree programs, a nationally recognized legal writing program, and a competitive advocacy program that has earned 45 national and international championships. Additionally, third-year law students may participate in one of the school's eight clinical programs, which allow students to gain real-world experience while providing free legal representation to low-income individuals. The school focuses on forming practical lawyers who are ready to practice law upon graduation. The student population is approximately 60.4% male and 39.6% female.Texas Tech School of Law offers a standard Juris Doctor degree program, as well as ten dual-degree programs spanning areas of business, science and engineering, sports management, and government and public administration. Students may pursue academic concentrations in Business Law, Criminal Law and Innocence, and Law and Science. The school is also home to an awarded Advocacy Program and growing Energy Law Program.The School of Law houses eight clinical programs in which students may participate:
<Lew_Grade>	Lew Grade, Baron Grade, Kt, OStJ,  (born Lev Winogradsky; 25 December 1906 – 13 December 1998)  was a British media proprietor and impresario. Originally a dancer, and later a talent agent, Grade's interest in television production began in 1954 when, in partnership, he successfully bid for franchises in the newly created ITV network, which led to the creation of Associated Television (ATV). Having worked for a time in the United States, he was aware of the potential for the sale of television programming to American networks. The Incorporated Television Company (ITC; commonly known as ITC Entertainment) was formed with this specific objective in mind. Grade had some success in this field with such series as Gerry Anderson's many Supermarionation series such as Thunderbirds, Patrick McGoohan's The Prisoner, and Jim Henson's The Muppet Show. Later, Grade invested in feature film production, but several expensive box-office failures caused him to lose control of ITC, and ultimately resulted in the disestablishment of ATV after it lost its ITV franchise.Grade was born in Tokmak, Berdyansky Uyezd, Taurida Governorate, Russian Empire (now Ukraine), to Isaak and Olga Winogradsky. In 1912, when Grade was five years old, his Jewish family escaped the pogroms by emigrating from Odessa, via Berlin to London and resettled in Shoreditch on Brick Lane in the East End of London.
<Kathleen_Lockhart>	Kathleen Lockhart (née Arthur; 9 August 1894 – 18 February 1978) was a prolific English-American actress during the early-mid 20th century.Kathleen Arthur was born on August 9, 1894 in Southsea, Hampshire, England.
<Thom_Weisel>	Thomas "Thom" Weisel (born February 1941) is an American banker, businessman, and investor. He was one of the pioneers in the development of the high tech industry in Silicon Valley.  Weisel is the founder of Montgomery Securities and later Thomas Weisel Partners.Weisel was born in February 1941 at the Mayo Clinic, son of Wilson Weisel a prominent surgeon and Betty Amos Weisel. Weisel was raised in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and graduated from Stanford University with a degree in economics in 1963. Weisel was a champion speed skater as a teenager and won five national age-group championships at speed skating, and came third at Olympic trials in 1959.In 1966, Weisel received an MBA from Harvard Business School.  He began his career as a research analyst working for William Hutchinson on the West Coast.
<Toy_Story_2>	Toy Story 2 is a 1999 American computer-animated film produced by Pixar Animation Studios for Walt Disney Pictures. The second installment in the Toy Story franchise and the sequel to Toy Story (1995), it was directed by John Lasseter, co-directed by Ash Brannon and Lee Unkrich, from a screenplay written by Andrew Stanton, Rita Hsiao, Doug Chamberlin, and Chris Webb from a story by Lasseter, Stanton, Brannon, and Pete Docter. In the film, Woody is stolen by a toy collector, prompting Buzz Lightyear and his friends to rescue him, but Woody is then tempted by the idea of immortality in a museum. Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, Don Rickles, Wallace Shawn, John Ratzenberger, Jim Varney, Annie Potts, R. Lee Ermey, John Morris, and Laurie Metcalf reprise their roles from the first Toy Story film and are joined by Joan Cusack, Kelsey Grammer, Estelle Harris, Wayne Knight, and Jodi Benson, who play the new characters introduced in this film.Disney initially envisioned Toy Story 2 as a direct-to-video sequel. The film began production in a building separated from Pixar, on a small scale, as most of the main Pixar staff were busy working on A Bug's Life (1998). When story reels proved promising, Disney upgraded the film to a theatrical release, but Pixar was unhappy with the film's quality. Lasseter and the story team redeveloped the entire plot in one weekend. Although most Pixar features take years to develop, the established release date could not be moved and the production schedule for Toy Story 2 was compressed into nine months.
<Australian_of_the_Year>	The Australian of the Year is a national award conferred on an Australian citizen by the National Australia Day Council, a not-for-profit Australian Government–owned social enterprise. Similar awards are also conferred at the State and Territory level.Since 1960 the award for the Australian of the Year has been bestowed as part of the celebrations surrounding Australia Day, during which time it has grown steadily in significance to become one of the nation's pre-eminent awards. The Australian of the Year announcement has become a notable part of the annual Australia Day celebrations. The official announcement has grown to become a public event, and the Canberra ceremony is televised nationally. The award offers an insight into Australian identity, reflecting the nation's evolving relationship with world, the role of sport in Australian culture, the impact of multiculturalism, and the special status of Indigenous Australians. It has also provoked spirited debate about the fields of endeavour that are most worthy of public recognition.
<Marge_Redmond>	Marjorie Redmond (December 14, 1924 – February 10, 2020), known as Marge Redmond, was an American actress and singer.Marjorie Redmond  was born in Cleveland, Ohio in December 1924 and was raised in Lakewood by J.V. Redmond, a fire chief, and his wife, Margaret. She first ventured into acting as a member of her high school's drama group, Barnstormers. After graduation, she worked in a bank as a typist and a mail page.Redmond may be best known as Sister Jacqueline in The Flying Nun, which aired on ABC from 1967-70. She was nominated for an Emmy for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series for her role as Sister Jacqueline during the 1967-68 season. She made guest appearances on television programs ranging from Ben Casey (1962) through Law & Order (1997). She made a guest appearance on Perry Mason in 1965 as Henrietta Hull in "The Case of the Mischievous Doll". Other credits include a recurring role as Mrs. McCardle in Matlock, two appearances (as different characters) on The Munsters, and one-time appearances on Barnaby Jones, Family, Quincy, M.E., The Cosby Show, The Sandy Duncan Show, Ryan's Hope, The Donna Reed Show, The Rockford Files, Murphy Brown, Mama's Family, Married... with Children, The Twilight Zone, The Practice, and others.
<Bentley_Continental_GT>	The Bentley Continental GT is a grand tourer manufactured and marketed by British automaker Bentley Motors since 2003. It was the first car released by Bentley under Volkswagen AG management, after the company's acquisition in 1998, and the first Bentley to employ mass production manufacturing techniques.In 1994, Rolls-Royce Motors who at that time owned the Bentley brand, previewed a convertible concept car at the Geneva Motor Show – the Concept Java. The car was designed to be a smaller, more affordable Bentley, yet still exclusive in order to maintain the integrity of the brand. It was to appeal to a new range of potential buyers and generate increase sales volume for Rolls-Royce. At the time the current Bentley Continental R was an ultra-exclusive £180,000 in the UK, within reach of a very select market, selling only 200–300 units a year. The Concept Java never went into production in the form seen in 1994, although 13 cars were made for the Sultan of Brunei. However, the Bentley Continental GT realised the concept of the Java as a more affordable Bentley, manufactured in much larger volumes. Whilst external styling is different, the dashboard design was clearly influenced by the Java.
<Mahatma_Gandhi>	Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi (/ˈɡɑːndi, ˈɡændi/; GAHN-dee; 2 October 1869 – 30 January 1948) was an Indian lawyer, anti-colonial nationalist and political ethicist who employed nonviolent resistance to lead the successful campaign for India's independence from British rule, and to later inspire movements for civil rights and freedom across the world. The honorific Mahātmā (Sanskrit: "great-souled", "venerable"), first applied to him in 1914 in South Africa, is now used throughout the world.Born and raised in a Hindu family in coastal Gujarat, Gandhi trained in the law at the Inner Temple, London, and was called to the bar at age 22 in June 1891. After two uncertain years in India, where he was unable to start a successful law practice, he moved to South Africa in 1893 to represent an Indian merchant in a lawsuit. He went on to live in South Africa for 21 years. It was here that Gandhi raised a family and first employed nonviolent resistance in a campaign for civil rights. In 1915, aged 45, he returned to India and soon set about organising peasants, farmers, and urban labourers to protest against excessive land-tax and discrimination.
<Herman_Coors_House>	The Herman Coors House, in Golden, Colorado, was the home of Herman Frederick Coors (1890-1967).  It was originally built as a modest bungalow in 1915 by Elmer Johnson, who in 1934 built the brewhouse of the Coors Brewery.  In 1917 the house was purchased by Coors, third son of Adolph Coors, who hired architect Jacques Benedict to transform it into a Tudor Revival style home, with a wooden arch front door canopy and stone terracing.  Coors was the manager of the Coors Porcelain Company, and in 1921 moved to Inglewood, California where he established the H.F. Coors China Company to manufacture porcelain dishware.  The house was then purchased by banker Edward A. Phinney, who owned the Rubey National Bank in Golden.  He built a companion cottage and barn behind the house in 1928.  His fortunes took a downturn during the Bank Holiday of the Great Depression, when he lost much of his fortune.  Since then the home has remained well preserved.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.  Its modification and expansion by Denver architect Jacques Benedict was completed in 1919.This article about a property in Colorado on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Burnley_F.C.>	Burnley Football Club (/ˈbɜːrnli/) is an English association football club based in Burnley, Lancashire, that competes in the EFL Championship, the second tier of English football, following relegation from the 2021–22 Premier League. Founded on 18 May 1882, it was one of the first to become professional (in 1883), and subsequently put pressure on the Football Association to permit payments to players. The club entered the FA Cup for the first time in 1885–86 and was one of the 12 founder members of the Football League in 1888–89. From the 1950s until the 1970s, under chairman Bob Lord, the club became renowned for its youth policy and scouting system, and was one of the first to set up a purpose-built training ground.Burnley have been champions of England twice, in 1920–21 and 1959–60, have won the FA Cup once, in 1913–14, and have won the FA Charity Shield twice, in 1960 and 1973. They have been runners-up in the First Division twice, in 1919–20 and 1961–62, and FA Cup runners-up twice, in 1946–47 and 1961–62. Burnley are one of only five sides to have won all four professional divisions of English football, along with Wolverhampton Wanderers, Preston North End, Sheffield United and Portsmouth. When the team won the 1959–60 Football League, the town of Burnley—with 80,000 inhabitants—became one of the smallest to have an English first-tier champion.
<Breakthrough_Prize_in_Mathematics>	The Breakthrough Prize in Mathematics is an annual award of the Breakthrough Prize series announced in 2013.It is funded by Yuri Milner and Mark Zuckerberg and others. The annual award comes with a cash gift of $3 million. The Breakthrough Prize Board also selects up to three laureates for the New Horizons in Mathematics Prize which awards $100,000 to early-career researchers. Starting in 2021 (prizes announced in September 2020), the $50,000 Maryam Mirzakhani New Frontiers Prize is also awarded to a number of women mathematicians who have completed their PhDs within the past two years. The founders of the prize have stated that they want to help scientists to be perceived as celebrities again, and to reverse a 50-year "downward trend". They hope that this may make "more young students aspire to be scientists".
<Ken_Detzner>	Kenneth W. Detzner (born September 18, 1952) is an American politician who served as the 28th Secretary of State of Florida from 2012 to 2019. A member of the Republican Party, he previously held the office in 2003 in an acting capacity.Detzner graduated from Florida State University in 1975. He was a registered Democrat until 1984 when he changed his registration to Republican. He worked as a lobbyist for the Florida Beer Wholesalers Association. He served as chief of staff to James C. Smith, then the Secretary of State of Florida, from 2002 to 2003.
<Peter_Medawar>	Sir Peter Brian Medawar OM CH CBE FRS (/ˈmɛdəwər/; 28 February 1915 – 2 October 1987) was a Brazilian-British biologist and writer, whose works on graft rejection and the discovery of acquired immune tolerance have been fundamental to the medical practice of tissue and organ transplants. For his scientific works, he is regarded as the "father of transplantation". He is remembered for his wit both in person and in popular writings. Famous zoologists such as Richard Dawkins referred to him as "the wittiest of all scientific writers", and Stephen Jay Gould as "the cleverest man I have ever known".Medawar was the youngest child of a Lebanese father and a British mother, and was both a Brazilian and British citizen by birth. He studied at Marlborough College and Magdalen College, Oxford, and was professor of zoology at the University of Birmingham and University College London. Until he was partially disabled by a cerebral infarction, he was Director of the National Institute for Medical Research at Mill Hill. With his doctoral student Leslie Brent and postdoctoral fellow Rupert E. Billingham, he demonstrated the principle of acquired immunological tolerance (the phenomenon of unresponsiveness of the immune system to certain molecules), which was theoretically predicted by Sir Frank Macfarlane Burnet. This became the foundation of tissue and organ transplantation. He and Burnet shared the 1960 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine "for discovery of acquired immunological tolerance".
<Eric_Cantona>	Eric Daniel Pierre Cantona (French: Éric; pronounced [e.ʁik dan.jɛl pjɛʁ kɑ̃.tɔ.na]; born 24 May 1966) is a French actor, director, producer, and former professional footballer. Often regarded as one of the greatest players of his generation, Cantona is credited as having made Manchester United a dominant force in English football in the 1990s, and has legendary status at the club. A large, physically strong, hard-working, and tenacious player, Cantona combined technical skill and creativity with power and goalscoring ability. Widely occupied as a deep-lying forward, he was also capable of playing as a centre-forward, as an out-and-out striker, as an attacking midfielder, or as a central midfielder on occasion.Cantona played for Auxerre, Martigues, Marseille, Bordeaux, Montpellier, Nîmes, and Leeds United before ending his career at Manchester United, where he won four Premier League titles in five years and two League and FA Cup Doubles. He wore the iconic No. 7 shirt at Manchester United, and was known for turning up his collar – a trademark look. He is also affectionately nicknamed by Manchester United fans as "King Eric". Cantona won the league championship in seven of his last eight full seasons as a professional. At international level, he played for the France national team and scored 20 goals in 45 matches. He appeared at UEFA Euro 1992 and, in preparation for Euro 96, was appointed the nation's captain until a football suspension which resulted from an incident in January 1995.  
<Globo_Repórter>	Globo Repórter is a Brazilian weekly documentary television show broadcast by Rede Globo, on Fridays at 10p.m., ever since its premiere in 1973.The show addresses issues related to the Brazilian way of life, highlighting matters such as health, education, work and nature.
<Derby_County_F.C.>	Derby County Football Club (/ˈdɑːrbi/) is a professional association football club based in Derby, Derbyshire, England. The club competes in League One, the third tier of English football. Derby has played its home matches at Pride Park Stadium since 1997. Notable for being one of the 12 founder members of the Football League in 1888, Derby County is one of only 10 clubs to have competed in every season of the English football league system, with all but five of those being in the top two divisions.The club was founded in 1884 by William Morley as an offshoot of Derbyshire County Cricket Club. Its competitive peak came in the 1970s when it twice won the First Division and competed in major European competitions on four occasions, reaching the European Cup semi-finals as well as winning several minor trophies. Additionally, the club was a strong force in the interwar years – finishing league runner-up twice in the 1930s – and winning the first post-war FA Cup in 1946.
<Mohib_Mirza>	Mohib Mirza (Urdu: محیب مرزا) (born 18 August 1979) is a Pakistani actor, director, television host and comedian. He is known for his work in film and television industry of Pakistan for which he has been nominated for various awards.Mirza started off as a theatre actor in 1999. He was doing Bachelors in Commerce and ran out of funds for the next semester which made him and his friends start a theatre company of their own called Dramaybazz. They wrote and directed an Urdu play One way ticket, which ran in PACC for 7 days receiving an overwhelming response. Mirza managed to raise more than thrice the amount of money.
<Sloan_Fellowship>	The Sloan Research Fellowships are awarded annually by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation since 1955 to "provide support and recognition to early-career scientists and scholars". This program is one of the oldest of its kind in the United States.Fellowships were initially awarded in physics, chemistry, and mathematics. Awards were later added in neuroscience (1972), economics (1980), computer science (1993), computational and evolutionary molecular biology (2002), and ocean sciences or earth systems sciences (2012). Winners of these two-year fellowships are awarded $75,000, which may be spent on any expense supporting their research.  From 2012 through 2020, the foundation awarded 126 research fellowship each year; in 2021, 128 were awarded, and 118 were awarded in 2022.
<Ushnas>	Natwarlal Pandya, better known by his pen name, Ushnas (Gujarati: ઉશનસ્), was a Gujarati language poet from India.He was born in Savli village near Vadodara on 28 September 1920. He studied in Mehsana, Sidhpur, Savli and Dabhoi. He completed his Bachelor of Arts with Sanskrit in 1942 and Masters in Gujarati in 1945  from Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda.He taught at Rosery Highschool and Garda College in Navsari. He also taught at J P Shroff Arts College in Valsad. He also served as a president of Gujarati Adhyapak Sangh (Gujarati Teachers Union) in 1979. He also served as a president of Gujarati Sahitya Parishad from 1991 to 1993.
<Patrick_White>	Patrick Victor Martindale White (28 May 1912 – 30 September 1990) was a British-born Australian writer who published 12 novels, three short-story collections, and eight plays, from 1935 to 1987.White's fiction employs humour, florid prose, shifting narrative vantage points and stream of consciousness techniques. In 1973 he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature, "for an epic and psychological narrative art which has introduced a new continent into literature", as it says in the Swedish Academy's citation, the only Australian to have been awarded the prize. White was also the inaugural recipient of the Miles Franklin Award.
<Centre_for_Independent_Studies>	The Centre for Independent Studies (CIS) is an Australian libertarian think tank founded in 1976 which specialises in public policy research. It is based in Sydney and focuses on classical liberal issues such as free markets and limited government.The CIS is funded solely by donations, membership subscriptions, and book and event sales from individuals, companies and charitable trusts.  It does not accept government funding. All research decisions are made by the research team and not by the donors.
<UD_Almería_B>	Unión Deportiva Almería "B" is a Spanish football team based in Almería, in the autonomous community of Andalusia. Founded in 2001, it is the reserve team of UD Almería and currently plays in Tercera Federación – Group 9, holding home games at Anexo Power Horse Stadium, with a 13,648 seat capacity.Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
<Peter_Horbury>	Peter D. Horbury (born 27 January 1950) is a British car designer who is Executive Vice President, Design of Geely Auto. He is widely known for his design work for Volvo and has worked in a variety of roles in the automotive industry, including as Executive Design Director, Americas for Ford between 2004 and 2009. He was named UK magazine Autocar's Designer of the Year in 1998 and during his 40+ year career has been actively involved in the design of more than 50 cars as well as trucks, buses, and motorcycles.Born in 1950 in Alnwick, England, Horbury attended King Edward VII School in Sheffield and was coincidentally in the same school year as another prominent British car designer, Ford of Europe's current Executive Director of Design Martin Smith. Horbury went on to study at the Newcastle upon Tyne College of Art, graduating in 1972 with a degree in Industrial Design. Like Smith, he later attended the Royal College of Art in London graduating with a master's degree in automotive design in 1974.Horbury started his career at Chrysler UK and then spent some time at Volvo in the Netherlands, working on the 480ES coupe. He has remarked in the past that the Volvo grill under the bumper of the 480ES was a last minute addition prior to release, when senior Volvo management realised that the car would not have the classic Volvo grille and slanting highlight.[citation needed] Immediately prior to his longer second 'remarkable' stint at Volvo, Horbury had worked in the United Kingdom for MGA Developments Ltd. In addition he worked on some key Ford product programs in Europe, such as the Sierra, Escort and Granada.
<William_Archibald>	William Archibald may refer to:
<Vienna>	Vienna (/viˈɛnə/ (listen) vee-EN-ə; German: Wien [viːn] (listen); Austro-Bavarian: Wean [veɐ̯n]) is the capital, largest city, and one of nine states of Austria. Vienna is Austria's most populous city and its primate city, with about two million inhabitants (2.9 million within the metropolitan area, nearly one third of the country's population), and its cultural, economic, and political center. It is the 6th-largest city proper by population in the European Union and the largest of all cities on the Danube river.
<Political_positions_of_Rudy_Giuliani>	Mayor of New York CityTrump Administration
<McLaren_Technology_Group>	The McLaren Group is a British holding company based in Woking, England, which is involved in Formula One and other motorsport and the manufacture of luxury cars.The group was founded by Ron Dennis shortly after his acquisition of the McLaren Formula One team in 1981, as the TAG McLaren Group due to a partnership with Mansour Ojjeh's TAG Group. The Formula One team had been established by New Zealander Bruce McLaren in 1963.
<Stephen_King>	Stephen Edwin King (born September 21, 1947) is an American author of horror, supernatural fiction, suspense, crime, science-fiction, and fantasy novels. Described as the "King of Horror", a play on his surname and a reference to his high standing in pop culture, his books have sold more than 350 million copies, and many have been adapted into films, television series, miniseries, and comic books. King has published 64 novels, including seven under the pen name Richard Bachman, and five non-fiction books. He has also written approximately 200 short stories, most of which have been published in book collections.King has received Bram Stoker Awards, World Fantasy Awards, and British Fantasy Society Awards. In 2003, the National Book Foundation awarded him the Medal for Distinguished Contribution to American Letters. He has also received awards for his contribution to literature for his entire bibliography, such as the 2004 World Fantasy Award for Life Achievement and the 2007 Grand Master Award from the Mystery Writers of America. In 2015, he was awarded with a National Medal of Arts from the U.S. National Endowment for the Arts for his contributions to literature.
<Big_Viking_Games>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Scottish_Television>	Scottish Television (now, legally, known as STV Central Limited) is the ITV network franchisee for Central Scotland. The channel — the largest of the three ITV franchises in Scotland — has been in operation since 31 August 1957 and is the second-oldest franchise holder in the UK that is still active (the oldest being Granada Television).STV Central broadcasts from studios at Pacific Quay in Glasgow and is owned and operated by STV Group (formerly SMG plc), which also owns the Northern Scotland franchise, Grampian Television (now STV North), based in Aberdeen. It produces news for the west and east halves of its transmission region (STV News at Six) along with current affairs and feature programming for Northern and Central Scotland.
<James_Neill>	James Neill may refer to:
<George_Munger_Award>	The George Munger Award is presented to the NCAA Division I college football coach of the year by the Maxwell Football Club. The award was named after former University of Pennsylvania head coach George Munger. People who voted for the winners of the award included NCAA head coaches, members of the Maxwell Club, and sportswriters from all over the country.In March 2010, the Maxwell Football Club announced that the award would be replaced by the Joseph V. Paterno Award. Following the breaking of the Penn State sex abuse scandal in November 2011, the club announced that the Paterno award would be discontinued. The Maxwell Club later returned Munger's name to the award.In 2018, Army Coach Jeff Monken became the first coach from a non-major conference team to win the award since 2009 (TCU).
<Connie_Chung>	Constance Yu-Hwa Chung (born August 20, 1946) is an American journalist. She has been an anchor and reporter for the U.S. television news networks NBC, CBS, ABC, CNN, and MSNBC. Some of her more famous interview subjects include Claus von Bülow and U.S. Representative Gary Condit, whom Chung interviewed first after the Chandra Levy disappearance, and basketball legend Magic Johnson after he went public about being HIV-positive. In 1993, she became the second woman to co-anchor a network newscast as part of CBS Evening News.The youngest of ten children, Chung was born in Washington, D.C., less than a year after her family emigrated from China and was raised in D.C. Her father, William Ling Chung, was an intelligence officer in the Chinese Nationalist Government and five of her siblings died during wartime.She graduated from Montgomery Blair High School in Silver Spring, Maryland, and went on to receive a degree in journalism at the University of Maryland, College Park, in 1969.
<State_University_of_New_York>	The State University of New York (SUNY, /ˈsuːni/, SOO-nee) is a system of public colleges and universities in the State of New York. It is one of the largest comprehensive system of universities, colleges, and community colleges in the United States. Led by chancellor John B. King, the SUNY system has 91,182 employees, including 32,496 faculty members, and some 7,660 degree and certificate programs overall and a $13.08 billion budget. Its flagship universities are Stony Brook University and the University at Buffalo.SUNY's administrative offices are in Albany, the state's capital, with satellite offices in Manhattan and Washington, D.C. With 25,000 acres of land, SUNY's largest campus is SUNY College of Environmental Science and Forestry, which neighbors the State University of New York Upstate Medical University - the largest employer in the SUNY system with over 10,959 employees.The State University of New York was established in 1948 by Governor Thomas E. Dewey, through legislative implementation of recommendations made by the Temporary Commission on the Need for a State University (1946–1948). The commission was chaired by Owen D. Young, who was at the time Chairman of General Electric. The system was greatly expanded during the administration of Governor Nelson A. Rockefeller, who took a personal interest in design and construction of new SUNY facilities across the state.
<London_Pavilion>	The London Pavilion is a building on the corner of Shaftesbury Avenue and Coventry Street on the north-east side of Piccadilly Circus in London. It is currently a shopping arcade and part of the Trocadero Centre.The first building bearing the name, a music hall formed from roofing the yard of the Black Horse Inn, was built in 1859 for Emil Loibl, and Charles Sonnhammer. A gallery was constructed for the hall but it could not utilize the full width, because one part of the premises was used by Dr. Kahn's "Delectable Museum of Anatomy".
<Connie_Sellecca>	Connie Sellecca (born Concetta Sellecchia; May 25, 1955) is an American actress, producer, and former model, best known for her roles on the television series Flying High, The Greatest American Hero, and Hotel, for which she was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Television Series Drama in 1987.Sellecca was born Concetta Sellecchia in The Bronx, New York to Italian parents, Primo Sellecchia and Marianna (Acampora) Sellecchia, who were married from 1952 until Primo's death in 1987. At age 12, she moved to Pomona, Rockland County, New York, and attended Pomona Junior High School. While attending Ramapo High School in Spring Valley, she first became interested in the performing arts. Although she attended Boston College, she withdrew to pursue a career in acting.Sellecca first worked as a fashion model before making her acting debut in the 1978 television film The Bermuda Depths. She starred in the short-lived CBS comedy-drama series, Flying High about the misadventures of three airline flight attendants from 1978 to 1979. In 1979, she starred in Captain America II: Death Too Soon, a television movie starring Reb Brown in the title role, and slasher film She's Dressed to Kill alongside Jessica Walter. In 1980, she starred in the another short-lived series, Beyond Westworld.
<Samuel_Beckett>	Samuel Barclay Beckett (/ˈbɛkɪt/; 13 April 1906 – 22 December 1989) was an Irish novelist, dramatist, short story writer, theatre director, poet, and literary translator. His literary and theatrical work features bleak, impersonal and tragicomic experiences of life, often coupled with black comedy and nonsense. It became increasingly minimalist as his career progressed, involving more aesthetic and linguistic experimentation, with techniques of repetition and self-reference. He is considered one of the last modernist writers, and one of the key figures in what Martin Esslin called the Theatre of the Absurd.A resident of Paris for most of his adult life, Beckett wrote in both French and English. During the Second World War, Beckett was a member of the French Resistance group Gloria SMH (Réseau Gloria). Beckett was awarded the 1969 Nobel Prize in Literature "for his writing, which—in new forms for the novel and drama—in the destitution of modern man acquires its elevation". He was the first person to be elected Saoi of Aosdána in 1984.
<Alexandra_Barreto>	Alexandra Barreto is an American actress who starred in the 2006 television series Pepper Dennis with her husband Rider Strong and Rebecca Romijn and in the horror film Tooth and Nail, a part of the annual After Dark Horrorfest in 2007. She has also appeared in the recurring role of Ana Gutierrez on The Fosters.Barreto has appeared in films such as "Quitters", "Blood Makes Me", "Ghost Game", "La Torcedura", Exposed, "Beautiful", "Woman On Fire", "Farewell Collette", and Disney's The Kid. Her television appearances include 9 episodes of the TV police drama The District and was five episodes of "The American Family".
<How_to_Survive_a_Plague>	How to Survive a Plague is a 2012 American documentary film about the early years of the AIDS epidemic, and the efforts of activist groups ACT UP and TAG. It was directed by David France, a journalist who covered AIDS from its beginnings. France's first film, it was dedicated to his partner Doug Gould who died of AIDS-related pneumonia in 1992. The documentary was produced using more than 700 hours of archived footage which included news coverage, interviews as well as film of demonstrations, meetings and conferences taken by ACT UP members themselves. France says they knew what they were doing was historic, and that many of them would die. The film, which opened in select theatres across the United States on September 21, 2012, also includes footage of a demonstration during mass at St. Patrick's Cathedral in 1989.People featured in the film include:Beginning at the start of the HIV/AIDS epidemic in New York City, the documentary follows a group of AIDS activists and founders of the AIDS group ACT UP, and follows their struggle for response from the United States government and medical establishment in developing effective HIV/AIDS medications. Activists took it upon themselves to convince the FDA to approve drugs which could slow or even halt the HIV virus, and demanded that drug trials (which would usually take 7–10 years) be shortened so potentially life-saving treatments could be made available. The film also documents the underground market for HIV drugs: many people relied on drugs imported from other countries, which were believed to potentially slow down the HIV virus despite not being FDA-approved.
<Port_Vale_F.C.>	Port Vale Football Club are a professional football club based in Burslem, Stoke-on-Trent, England, which compete in EFL League One. Vale are the only English Football League club not to be named after a place; their name being a reference to the valley of ports on the Trent and Mersey Canal. They have never played top-flight football, and hold the record for the most seasons in the English Football League (111) and in the second tier (41) without reaching the first tier. After playing at the Athletic Ground in Cobridge and The Old Recreation Ground in Hanley, the club returned to Burslem when Vale Park was opened in 1950. Outside the ground is a statue to Roy Sproson, who played 842 competitive games for the club. The club's traditional rivals are Stoke City, and games between the two are known as the Potteries derby.After becoming one of the more prominent football clubs in Staffordshire, Burslem Port Vale were invited to become founder members of the Football League Second Division in 1892. They spent 13 non-consecutive seasons in the division, punctuated by two seasons in the Midland League, before they resigned due to financial difficulties and entered liquidation in 1907. The name of Port Vale continued in the North Staffordshire Federation League, and this new club were successful enough to be reinstated into the Football League in 1919. They spent 16 non-consecutive seasons in the Second Division, punctuated by winning the Third Division North title in 1929–30, before dropping back into the third tier for a much longer stay at the end of the 1935–36 campaign. The 1953–54 season saw manager Freddie Steele's "Iron Curtain" defence win both a Third Division North title and a semi-final place in the FA Cup. They failed to build on this success however, although they went on to finish as champions of the first Fourth Division season under Norman Low's stewardship in 1958–59.
<The_Client_(TV_series)>	The Client (also referred to as John Grisham's The Client) is an American legal thriller drama television series that aired on CBS from September 17, 1995 until April 16, 1996. It aired for one season, premiering with a two-hour movie pilot on September 17, 1995, and airing new episodes through April 16, 1996. The series was based on the 1994 film The Client, itself adapted from the 1993 John Grisham novel.  It starred JoBeth Williams, John Heard, and Polly Holliday in the roles created in the film by Susan Sarandon, Tommy Lee Jones, and Micole Mercurio, respectively.The TNT Network rebroadcast the series five nights a week, March 1999 through February 2001.While the full series is not available on DVD or Blu-ray, the 1995 pilot episode of the series was included as a bonus feature on the 2013 Blu-ray release of the 1994 film.[citation needed]
<Frank_Fasi>	Frank Francis Fasi (August 27, 1920 – February 3, 2010) was an American politician who was the longest-serving Mayor of Honolulu, Hawaii, serving for 22 years. He also served as a territorial senator and member of the Honolulu City Council.Frank Francis Fasi was born on 27 August 1920 in Hartford, Connecticut, to Sicilian immigrants Carmelo and Josephine Lupo Fasi. Carmelo owned an ice business, and Frank began working for his father at age 11. He finished 7th out of class of 476 in high school, and graduated from Trinity College where he had been a history major on an academic scholarship.Fasi tried to join the United States Marine Corps after graduation from Trinity. The Marines turned him down because of his color blindness. On his second try, he hired a friend to take the eye test for him, and he became a Marine. He served in the Pacific Theater of World War II and was briefly stationed on Kauai. He was discharged as a first lieutenant in Boston, Massachusetts, in 1946, and immediately returned to Hawaii. In 1956, he resigned his commission as captain in the Marine Corps Reserve.
<Anthony_James_Leggett>	Sir Anthony James Leggett KBE FRS HonFInstP (born 26 March 1938) is a British-American theoretical physicist and professor emeritus at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. Leggett is widely recognised as a world leader in the theory of low-temperature physics, and his pioneering work on superfluidity was recognised by the 2003 Nobel Prize in Physics. He has shaped the theoretical understanding of normal and superfluid helium liquids and strongly coupled superfluids. He set directions for research in the quantum physics of macroscopic dissipative systems and use of condensed systems to test the foundations of quantum mechanics. In a 2021 interview given to Federal University of Pará in Brazil, Leggett talks about his early life in London, his path to become a theoretical physicist and also his scientific works and collaborations.Leggett was born in Camberwell, South London, and raised Catholic. His father's forebears were village cobblers in a small village in Hampshire; Leggett's grandfather broke with this tradition to become a greengrocer; his father would relate how he used to ride with him to buy vegetables at the Covent Garden market in London. His mother's parents were of Irish descent; her father had moved to Britain and worked as a clerk in the naval dockyard in Chatham. His maternal grandmother, who survived into her eighties, was sent out to domestic service at the age of twelve. She eventually married his grandfather and raised a large family, then in her late sixties emigrated to Australia to join her daughter and son-in-law, and finally returned to the UK for her last years.
<Willian_José>	Willian José da Silva (born 23 November 1991), known as Willian José, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for La Liga club Real Betis.Born in Porto Calvo, Alagoas, Willian José started his career at local CRB's youth setup, before joining Grêmio Barueri in 2008, aged 17. On 1 August 2009 he made his first team – and Série A – debut, coming on as a late substitute in a 2–1 loss at Botafogo.
<Robert_Hess_(artist)>	Robert Henry Hess (August 12, 1935 – May 8, 2014) was an American sculptor and art educator. He was best known for his abstract metal sculptures and wood carvings. Hess served on the faculty of Willamette University in Salem, Oregon for 34 years. Today, his works are found in prominent public spaces and private collections throughout the Pacific Northwest.Hess was born on August 12, 1935 in Brooklyn, New York. As a youth, he regularly rode the New York City Subway to the Metropolitan Museum of Art and other museums around the city. The city also gave him an appreciation for diverse cultures which eventually found its way into his art. In high school, Hess and a friend made large puppets which they used in shows at local grade schools.
<George_Ashley_Campbell>	George Ashley Campbell (November 27, 1870 – November 10, 1954) was an American engineer.  He was a pioneer in developing and applying quantitative mathematical methods to the problems of long-distance telegraphy and telephony.  His most important contributions were to the theory and implementation of the use of loading coils and the first wave filters designed to what was to become known as the image method.  Both these areas of work resulted in important economic advantages for the American Telephone and Telegraph Company (AT&T).Campbell was educated at the McCollom Institute in New Hampshire and then at MIT, where he graduated in 1891. He then received a master's degree from Harvard University in 1893. He was awarded a fellowship which enabled him to spend three years on graduate work; one year studying advanced mathematics under Felix Klein at Göttingen, one year studying electricity and mechanics under Ludwig Boltzmann in Vienna, and one year studying under Henri Poincaré in Paris.  Campbell received a doctorate from Harvard in 1901 with his dissertation being on the subject of his loading coil research at AT&T.In 1897 Campbell went to work for AT&T in Boston. He developed a method for transmitting analog telephony over much greater distances than had previously been possible by the insertion of loading coils into the line at carefully calculated intervals to increase the inductance.  Engineer Michael I. Pupin also patented a similar system and AT&T paid Pupin a very large sum for his patents, so that development would continue without a legal battle.  In fact, neither man was the first to suggest the idea of loading coils, that credit goes to Oliver Heaviside in an 1887 article.  Heaviside, however, never patented the idea; indeed, he took no commercial advantage of any of his brilliant work.  Despite the rather arcane legal arguments surrounding this, it is unquestionable that Campbell was the first to actually construct a telephone circuit using loading coils.
<John_Luke_(politician)>	John Luke may refer to:
<James_T._Moore>	James, Jim, or Jimmy Moore may refer to:
<The_Wind_in_the_Willows>	The Wind in the Willows is a children's novel by the British novelist Kenneth Grahame, first published in 1908. It details the story of Mole, Ratty, and Badger as they try to help Mr. Toad, after he becomes obsessed with motorcars and gets into trouble. It also details short stories about them that are disconnected from the main narrative. The novel was based on bedtime stories Grahame told his son Alastair. It has been adapted numerous times for both stage and screen.The Wind in the Willows received negative reviews upon its initial release, but has since become a classic of British literature. It was listed at No. 16 in the BBC's survey The Big Read, and has been adapted multiple times in different mediums.
<Edward_Charles_Pickering>	Edward Charles Pickering (July 19, 1846 – February 3, 1919) was an American astronomer and physicist and the older brother of William Henry Pickering. Along with Carl Vogel, Pickering discovered the first spectroscopic binary stars.  He wrote Elements of Physical Manipulations (2 vol., 1873–76).Pickering was born at 43 Bowdoin Street in Boston, Massachusetts, on July 19, 1846, to a distinguished, cultivated family consisting of his brother, William Henry Pickering, father, Edward Pickering, and his mother, Charlotte Hammond. Edward's brother, William, was a graduate of MIT and professor of physics and astronomy. Edward was interested in the stars as a boy and constructed his own telescope by the age of 12. Pickering enjoyed his work at the observatory, but he was also enjoyed mountain climbing and bicycling in earlier days and later he was an interested spectator of football games. He was co-founder and first president of the Appalachian Mountain Club. He was also a lover of classic music. During the first world war he was busy trying to devise useful applications to win the war. The Pickering Polaris Attachment was a device used to determine the range of guns. In 1874, Pickering married Lizzie Wadsworth Sparks, whose father was formerly the President of Harvard. Mrs. Pickering died in 1906, and Edward died in 1919.Pickering was educated at Boston Latin School, and then studied at the Lawrence Scientific School at Harvard (now known as the Harvard John A. Paulson School of Engineering and Applied Sciences), where he received his Bachelor of Science (BS) degree in 1865.
<Parasite_Eve_(film)>	Parasite Eve (Japanese: パラサイト・イヴ, Hepburn: Parasaito Ivu) is a 1997 Japanese science fiction film that was directed by Masayuki Ochiai and is based on the 1995 novel Parasite Eve by Hideaki Sena. Kiyomi (Riona Hazuki), the wife of Toshiaki Nagashima (Hiroshi Mikami), is left brain dead after a traffic accident on the day of their first wedding anniversary. Nagashima attempts to make Kiyomi live again by making a deal with a doctor who wants to harvest Kiyomi's kidneys for transplanting into a young girl in the same hospital. Nagashima agrees on the condition that he can have his wife's liver. While Nagashima experiments with the organ, the doctor finds one night the samples have emerged as a gelatinous form in the form of Toshiaki's dead wife and reveal themselves as an organization of sentient mitochondria that are bent on making a new species that will wipe out humanity.In 1997, Kadokawa Shoten decided to use the film production side of its business to develop a film version of Parasite Eve, making it its first film in three years. The film was co-produced by Kadokawa and Fuji TV's Motion Picture Division. Ochiai made his debut as a feature film director, having worked in Japanese television on horror series such as Night Head. Parasite Eve was filmed in eight weeks with a budget of ¥550 million. Ochiai was not entirely pleased with the result of the film, feeling he was pressured to push the love story element of the story, later saying there were "so many compromises I had to make that it couldn't be a true horror movie". The film was released in Japan on February 1, 1997, with limited release outside the country. It received mixed reviews; The Daily Yomiuri found the film "mildly enjoyable at times" and Fangoria called it "flawed but fascinating".
<Hugo_Gräf>	Hugo Gräf (10 October 1892 in Rehestädt – 23 October 1958 in Gotha) was a German Communist politician.Hugo Gräf was born in a small village some 20 km (12 miles) south of Erfurt in the southern part of what was then central Germany.   His father was employed in the building trade: his mother worked in domestic service and agriculture.   Gräf worked as a farm labourer from 1902, later undertaking a training as a pipefitter which enabled him to become an itinerant labourer.   He became a member of the German Metal Workers' Union in 1907 and joined the Social Democratic Party on 1 May 1910.He was called up for military service in 1912 which would normally have lasted for two years, but the outbreak of war in August 1914 saw him conscripted into the war-time army.   In 1916 he was badly wounded and sent home without his left leg.  In 1916/17 he was conscripted to work in a gun factory in Erfurt.   Here, in 1917, he joined the newly formed Independent Social Democratic Party of Germany (USPD / Unabhängige Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands) which had broken away from the mainstream SPD primarily over the existing party's continued support for the war.   He also joined the Spartacus league in 1917 or 1918.  In January 1918 he played a leading role in the organisation in Erfurt of the mass strikes which took place in much of Germany that month.   Membership of the USPD and the closely associated Spartacus League led naturally to the newly emerging Communist Party (KPD), and on 26 December 1918 Gräf was a co-founder of the Erfurt branch.
<Luftfahrtforschungsanstalt>	The Deutsche Luftfahrtforschungsanstalt (English: German Aeronautical Research Institute, LFA, also known as the Hermann Göring Research Institute) was a secret German facility for airframe, aeroengine, and aircraft weapons testing during the Second World War. It was Germany's "most advanced and extensive [aviation] research establishment, outside of the existing Erprobungsstelle network of military aviation evaluation facilities, themselves headquartered at Rechlin.Located near Völkenrode, on the western outskirts of Braunschweig (Brunswick), near what became the Inner German Border. it was a 1,000-acre (400 ha) site begun in October 1935. The first wind tunnel was begun in November 1936. Most of the sixty buildings, scattered around the site, did not exceed treetop height, and all were well-camouflaged, to reduce the chance of them being detected by aerial reconnaissance and to avoid making them targets, as the wind tunnels of the Deutsche Versuchsanstalt für Luftfahrt (DVL) in Adlershof (near Berlin) or the Aerodynamische Versuchsanstalt (AVA, part of today's DLR agency) at the University of Göttingen were.The buildings were in five groups. The Institute of Aerodynamics had five wind tunnels, while the Institute of Gas Dynamics had its own high-speed tunnel; both were at the southern end of the campus. The static testing station of the Institute of Strength Properties was to the west; the Institute of Engine Research, the east. Weapons research was done by the Institute of Kinematics in a 400 m (1,300 ft)-long tunnel in the northwest corner. These were accompanied by administration buildings, a canteen, a telephone exchange, guard houses, generators, and other facilities.
<John_Calley>	John Nicholas Calley (July 8, 1930 – September 13, 2011) was an American film studio executive and producer. He was quite influential during his years at Warner Bros., where he worked from 1968 to 1981, and "produced a film a month, on average, including commercial successes like The Exorcist and Superman." During his seven years at Sony Pictures starting in 1996, five of which he was chairman and chief executive, he was credited with "reinvigorat[ing]" that major film studio.Together with Mike Nichols and Ismail Merchant, Calley produced 1993's The Remains of the Day, for which the trio received an Oscar nomination—Calley's only such Best Picture nomination.A best picture nomination Calley potentially missed was when, as Sony's new head, he nixed the studio's backing of Terrence Malick's 1998 film The Thin Red Line, reportedly because he thought Malick couldn't keep to the budget. (The film stayed on budget and received seven Academy Award nominations.)
<Gottlieb_Burckhardt>	Johann Gottlieb Burckhardt (24 December 1836 – 6 February 1907) was a Swiss psychiatrist and the medical director of a small mental hospital in the Swiss canton of Neuchâtel. He is commonly regarded as having performed the first modern psychosurgical operation. Born in Basel, Switzerland, he trained as doctor at the Universities of Basel, Göttingen and Berlin, receiving his medical doctorate in 1860. In the same year he took up a teaching post in the University of Basel and established a private practice in his hometown. He married in 1863 but the following year he was diagnosed with tuberculosis and gave up his practice and relocated to a region south of the Pyrenees in search of a cure. By 1866 he had made a full recovery and returned to Basel with the intention of devoting himself to the study of nervous diseases and their treatment. In 1875, he attained a post at the Waldau University Psychiatric Clinic in Bern, and from 1876 he lectured on mental diseases at the University of Bern. Beginning in this period, he published widely on his psychiatric and neurological research findings in the medical press, developing the thesis that mental illnesses had their origins in specific regions of the brain.In 1882, he was appointed the medical director of a small, modern, and privately run psychiatric clinic at Marin, in the canton of Neuchâtel, where he was provided with a laboratory to continue his research. In 1888, he pioneered modern psychosurgery when he excised various brain regions from six psychiatric patients under his care. Aimed at relieving symptoms rather than effecting a cure, the theoretical basis of the procedure rested on his belief that psychiatric illnesses were the result of specific brain lesions. He reported the results at a Berlin medical conference in 1889, but the reception of his medical peers was decidedly negative and he was ridiculed. Burckhardt subsequently discontinued his research activities. Following the death of his wife in 1896, Burckhardt returned to Basel, where he established a sanatorium in 1900. He died seven years later from pneumonia.Gottlieb Burckhardt was born on 24 December 1836 into a well-known family, the Burckhardt, living in the Swiss city of Basel. His father, August Burckhardt (1809–1894), was a physician. His mother was Katharina Jacot (1810–1843) from Montbéliard in France. Burckhardt's parents were married in 1833 and his mother gave birth to seven children prior to her death in 1843. Gottlieb Burckhardt was the third eldest child. In 1844 his father married Henrietta Maria Dick (1813–1871). She had five pregnancies and three surviving children. Burckhardt attended secondary school in Basel. His medical studies were conducted at the Universities of at Basel, Göttingen and Berlin. In 1860 he was conferred with a doctorate in medicine from the University of Basel. His doctoral thesis was on the epithelium of the urinary tract. As a student, he was described as popular, outgoing and musically talented.
<Confessions_of_a_Nazi_Spy>	Confessions of a Nazi Spy is a 1939 American spy political thriller film directed by Anatole Litvak for Warner Bros. It was the first explicitly anti-Nazi film to be produced by a major Hollywood studio, being released in May 1939, several months before the beginning of World War II and over three years before American entry into the war.The film stars Edward G. Robinson, Francis Lederer, George Sanders, Paul Lukas, and a large cast of German actors, including some who had emigrated from their country after the rise of Adolf Hitler. Many of the German actors who appeared in the film changed their names for fear of reprisals against relatives still living in Germany.
<William_Holman>	William Arthur Holman (4 August 1871 – 5 June 1934) was an Australian politician who served as Premier of New South Wales from 1913 to 1920. He came to office as the leader of the Labor Party, but was expelled from the party in the split of 1916. He subsequently became the inaugural leader of the NSW branch of the Nationalist Party.Holman was born in London and arrived in Australia at the age of 17, becoming a cabinet-maker in Sydney. Before being elected to parliament, he was active in the labour movement as a journalist and union official. He was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly in 1898. He began studying law part-time, and was called to the bar in 1903. In 1910, Holman became Attorney-General of New South Wales in the state's first Labor government, under Premier James McGowen. He succeeded McGowen as premier in June 1913, and later that year led his party to victory at the 1913 state election.
<Leon_M._Lederman>	Leon Max Lederman (July 15, 1922 – October 3, 2018) was an American experimental physicist who received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1988, along with Melvin Schwartz and Jack Steinberger, for research on neutrinos. He also received the Wolf Prize in Physics in 1982, along with Martin Lewis Perl, for research on quarks and leptons. Lederman was director emeritus of Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory (Fermilab) in Batavia, Illinois. He founded the Illinois Mathematics and Science Academy, in Aurora, Illinois in 1986, where he was Resident Scholar Emeritus from 2012 until his death in 2018.An accomplished scientific writer, he became known for his 1993 book The God Particle establishing the popularity of the term for the Higgs boson.Lederman was born in New York City, New York, to Morris and Minna (Rosenberg) Lederman. His parents were Ukrainian-Jewish immigrants from Kyiv and Odessa. Lederman graduated from James Monroe High School in the South Bronx, and received his bachelor's degree from the City College of New York in 1943.
<Armed_Forces_(sports_society)>	The Sports Clubs of the Armed Forces, Physical Culture and Sports Association of the Soviet Armed Forces (Russian: спортивные клубы Армии [СКА] sportivnye kluby Armiy, SKA; Russian: Физкультурно-спортивное объединение Вооружённых Сил СССР, Fizkulturno-sportivnoe obyedinenie Vooruzhonnykh Sil SSSR), also called the Sports Clubs of the Soviet Ministry of Defense or simply Armed Forces or Army were a system of departmental sports clubs and one of the largest sports societies in the USSR.[citation needed]Established at first within officers' clubs of the Red Army, after the Second World War they were reformed into sports clubs for all ranks in the armed forces. All the sports clubs were supervised by the Sports Committee of the Ministry of Defence of the USSR and the sports committees of military districts and naval fleets, with each district and fleet having its own club. The army clubs were often abbreviated as SKA and previously as SKVO and DO. The largest club was located in Moscow, CSKA Moscow ("C" standing for Central). The military sports clubs had an opportunity to enlist all top athletes of a country due to the mandatory conscription policies in force then.Alongside the SKA teams in the Soviet Army, each service branch of the Armed Forces maintained service-wide clubs, with component teams coming under district or fleet club supervision.[citation needed]
<Darci_Vargas>	Darci Lima Sarmanho Vargas (12 December 1895 – 25 June 1968) was the wife of Getúlio Vargas, former President of Brazil, and the First Lady of the country during two different periods (from 1930 to 1945 and from 1951 until her husband's suicide).Darci and Getúlio Vargas, whom she married in March 1911, had five children. However, the president was an unfaithful husband. Aimée de Heeren, later the daughter-in-law of Fernanda Wanamaker, was reported to be one of his mistresses.  She became a notable philanthropist and founded many charitable organizations.
<Antoine_de_Saint-Exupéry>	Antoine Marie Jean-Baptiste Roger, comte de Saint-Exupéry, simply known as Antoine de Saint-Exupéry (UK: /ˌsæ̃tɪɡˈzuːpɛri/, US: /-ɡzuːpeɪˈriː/, French: [ɑ̃twan də sɛ̃t‿ɛɡzypeʁi]; 29 June 1900 – 31 July 1944), was a French writer, poet, aristocrat, journalist and pioneering aviator. He became a laureate of several of France's highest literary awards and also won the United States National Book Award. He is best remembered for his novella The Little Prince (Le Petit Prince) and for his lyrical aviation writings, including Wind, Sand and Stars and Night Flight.Saint-Exupéry was a successful commercial pilot before World War II, working airmail routes in Europe, Africa, and South America. He joined the French Air Force at the start of the war, flying reconnaissance missions until France's armistice with Germany in 1940. After being demobilised by the French Air Force, he travelled to the United States to help persuade its government to enter the war against Nazi Germany.
<Mariah_Carey>	Mariah Carey (/məˈraɪə/; born March 27, 1969) is an American singer, songwriter, actress, and record producer. Referred to as the "Songbird Supreme", she is noted for her five-octave vocal range, melismatic singing style and signature use of the whistle register. Carey rose to fame in 1990 with her debut album Mariah Carey. She was the first artist to have their first five singles reach number one on the Billboard Hot 100, from "Vision of Love" to "Emotions". For the enduring popularity of her 1994 Christmas song "All I Want for Christmas Is You", she has also been dubbed the "Queen of Christmas".Carey's self-titled debut album was released under the guidance of Columbia Records executive Tommy Mottola, who married her three years later. She gained further worldwide success with the albums Music Box (1993)  and Daydream (1995), with singles including "Hero", "Without You", "Fantasy", "Always Be My Baby", and "One Sweet Day", which topped the US Billboard Hot 100 decade-end chart (1990s) and was the longest running number one song of the decade. After separating from Mottola, Carey adopted a new urban image and incorporated more elements of hip hop with the album Butterfly (1997). Billboard named her the Artist of the Decade (1990s), while the World Music Awards honored her as the best-selling female pop-artist of the millennium.
<Daniel_W._Bradley>	Daniel W. Bradley (born 13 July 1941) is an important American virologist who, along with Michael Houghton, Qui-Lim Choo and George Kuo at Chiron Corporation, worked to help isolate the Hepatitis C virus in 1989. He graduated from San José State University in 1964 before going on to receive a master's degree in biochemistry from the University of California and a doctorate from the University of Arizona. He worked for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention starting in 1971. He received the Karl Landsteiner Memorial Award of the American Association of Blood Banks in 1992, the Robert Koch Prize in 1993, and the Gairdner Foundation International Award in 2013.This article about a biologist from the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<James_J._Stoker>	James Johnston Stoker (March 2, 1905 – October 19, 1992) was an American applied mathematician and engineer. He was director of the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences and is considered one of the founders of the institute, Courant and Friedrichs being the others. Stoker is known for his work in differential geometry and theory of water waves. He is also the author of the now classic book Water Waves: The Mathematical Theory with Applications.Hailing from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Stoker started his career as a mining engineer. In the 1930s, he went to Zürich to pursue a doctorate in mechanics at the Federal Institute of Technology in Zürich. One of the first courses he took there was by Heinz Hopf on geometry. Stoker was so impressed by the subject, and the teacher, that he switched his doctoral programme to differential geometry He received his Ph.D. degree under the supervision of Hopf and George Pólya. Hopf later recommended Stoker to Richard Courant. In 1937 Stoker, along with Courant's former student Kurt O. Friedrichs, joined Courant in the Department of Mathematics at the New York University. With Stoker's engineering background and Friedrichs' mastery in mathematics, the two were effectively collaborated on many applied problems such as plate theory.On Courant's retirement in 1958 Stoker succeeded him as director and served until 1966. It was during Stoker's period as director, the Institute acquired greater autonomy within the University framework. It became the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences in 1965. Friedrichs succeeded Stoker as director in 1966.
<Fabíula_Nascimento>	Fabiula Nascimento (born 18 August 1978) is a Brazilian actress. Born in Curitiba, her first major film role was in Estômago, while her most known role came with TV Globo's telenovela Avenida Brasil.This article about a Brazilian actor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Cox_Communications>	Cox Communications, Inc. (also known as Cox Cable and formerly Cox Broadcasting Corporation, Dimension Cable Services and Times-Mirror Cable) is an American digital cable television provider, telecommunications and home automation services. It is the third-largest cable television provider in the United States, serving approximately 6.5 million customers, including 2.9 million digital cable subscribers, 3.5 million Internet subscribers, and almost 3.2 million digital telephone subscribers, making it the seventh-largest telephone carrier in the country. Cox is headquartered at 6205 Peachtree Dunwoody Rd in Sandy Springs, Georgia, U.S., in the Atlanta metropolitan area. It is a privately-owned subsidiary of Cox Enterprises.Cox Enterprises expanded into the cable television industry in 1962 by purchasing a number of cable systems in Lewistown, Lock Haven and Tyrone (all in Pennsylvania), followed by systems in California, Oregon and Washington. The subsidiary company, Cox Broadcasting Corporation (unrelated to the Cox Media Group, which focuses on radio stations and television stations), was not officially formed until 1964, when it was established as a public company traded on the New York Stock Exchange. The company was renamed to Cox Communications in 1982. It was taken private by Cox Enterprises in 1985.
<Rachel_Rosenthal>	Rachel Rosenthal (November 9, 1926 – May 10, 2015) was a French-born interdisciplinary and performance artist, teacher, actress, and animal rights activist based in Los Angeles.She was best known for her full-length performance art pieces which offered unique combinations of theatre, dance, creative slides and live music. She toured her pieces, with The Rachel Rosenthal Company, to numerous venues both within the United States and abroad. Theatres and festivals she visited include: the Dance Theatre Workshop and Serious Fun! at Lincoln Center in New York City, the Kaaitheater in Brussels, The Internationals Summer Theater Festival in Hamburg, The Performance Space in Sydney and the Festival de Théâtre des Amériques, Théâtre Centaur, Montréal. One of her key ambitions was to help heal the earth through art.Rosenthal was born on November 9, 1926 in Paris, France, into an assimilated Russian Jewish family. Her father, Léonard Rosenthal, was a well-known merchant of Oriental pearls and precious stones. Her mother was Mara Jacoubovitch Rosenthal.
<Frances_Folsom_Cleveland_Preston>	Frances Clara Cleveland Preston (née Folsom born as Frank Clara; July 21, 1864 – October 29, 1947) was an American socialite, education activist, and the first lady of the United States from 1886 to 1889, and again from 1893 to 1897 as the wife of President Grover Cleveland. She remains the youngest presidential wife at the age of 21, she was the only first lady to be wed in the White House, and she is the only first lady to have served the role during two non-consecutive terms. She was very popular as first lady, becoming the subject of intense public and media attention.Folsom met Grover Cleveland while she was an infant, as he was a friend of her father's. When her father died in 1875, Grover became her unofficial guardian. She was educated at Wells College, and after graduating, she married Grover while he was the incumbent president. When Grover lost reelection in 1888, they went into private life for four years and began having children. They returned to the White House when Grover was elected again in 1892, though much of her time in the second term was dedicated to her children. Frances and Grover had five children, four of whom survived to adulthood. She involved herself in education, serving on the Wells College board and organizing the construction of kindergartens. Grover died in 1908, and Frances married Thomas J. Preston Jr. in 1913. Frances continued to work in education activism after leaving the White House, becoming involved with Princeton University.  During World War I, Frances and Thomas advocated military preparedness and American involvement. She died in 1947 and was buried alongside Grover in Princeton Cemetery.
<Nancy_Jo_Sales>	Nancy Jo Sales (born October 15, 1964) is a New York Times bestselling author and journalist at Vanity Fair, New York magazine, and Harper's Bazaar, among others. In 2011 she wrote an article called "The Suspects Wore Louboutins" in Vanity Fair that was made into The Bling Ring.Sales was born on October 15, 1964, in West Palm Beach, Florida. In the early 1970s, her family moved to Miami, and in 1980 to New Hampshire, where she attended the Phillips Exeter Academy and graduated in 1982 as a Presidential Scholar.In 1986 she graduated summa cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa from Yale University with a B.A. in Literature, where she also won the Willet's Prize for fiction writing. She earned an MFA from Columbia University in 1991.
<Charles_Grant_(Australian_politician)>	Charles William Grant (25 April 1878 – 14 December 1943) was an Australian politician.Born in Hobart, Tasmania, he was educated at Hutchins School before becoming a merchant and later a magistrate. In 1922 he was elected to the Tasmanian House of Assembly as a Nationalist member for Denison. He left the Assembly in 1925, when he was appointed to the Australian Senate as a Nationalist Senator for Tasmania, filling the casual vacancy caused by the death of Senator George Foster.
<Salma_Sobhan>	Salma Sobhan (née Rasheda Akhtar Banu; 11 August 1937 – 30 December 2003) was a Bangladeshi lawyer, academic and human rights activist. She became the first woman barrister in Pakistan in 1959. A member of the law faculty of the University of Dhaka, she was a co-founder of Ain-O-Salish Kendra (ASK), a national human rights watchdog.Sobhan was born in London in 1937. Her father, Mohammed Ikramullah, was the first foreign secretary of Pakistan. Her mother, Begum Shaista Suhrawardy Ikramullah, was one of the first two women members of Pakistan's Constituent Assembly, and later served as Pakistan's delegate to the UN and Ambassador to Morocco. Her mother was a member of the Suhrawardy family of Calcutta. On her mother's side, Sobhan was a niece of Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy, premier of Bengal and Prime Minister of Pakistan, and on her father's side she was a niece of Muhammad Hidayatullah, Vice President and Chief Justice of India.  
<Bob_Barr>	Robert Laurence Barr Jr. (born November 5, 1948) is an American attorney and politician. He served as a federal prosecutor and as a Congressman. He represented Georgia's 7th congressional district as a Republican from 1995 to 2003. Barr attained national prominence as one of the leaders of the impeachment of President Bill Clinton. During his time in the House of Representatives, he authored the Defense of Marriage Act, which was later overturned.Barr joined the Libertarian Party in 2006 and served on its National Committee. He was the Libertarian Party's nominee for President of the United States in the 2008 election. Barr announced his return to the Republican party in December 2011. He lost a subsequent bid in 2014 for a Congressional seat.
<École_Normale_Supérieure>	The École normale supérieure - PSL (French pronunciation: ​[ekɔl nɔʁmal sypeʁjœʁ]; also known as ENS, Normale sup', Ulm or ENS Paris) is a grande école university in Paris, France. It is one of the constituent members of Paris Sciences et Lettres University (PSL).Originally conceived during the French Revolution, the school was founded in 1794 to provide homogeneous training of high-school teachers in France but it later closed. The school was subsequently reestablished by Napoleon I as pensionnat normal from 1808 to 1822, before being recreated in 1826 and taking the name of École normale in 1830. When institutes for primary teachers training called écoles normales were created in 1845, the word supérieure (meaning upper) was added to form the current name. It has since developed into an institution which has become a platform for French students to pursue careers in government and academia.
<George_Gaylord_Simpson>	George Gaylord Simpson (June 16, 1902 – October 6, 1984) was an American paleontologist. Simpson was perhaps the most influential paleontologist of the twentieth century, and a major participant in the modern synthesis, contributing Tempo and Mode in Evolution (1944), The Meaning of Evolution (1949) and The Major Features of Evolution (1953). He was an expert on extinct mammals and their intercontinental migrations. Simpson was extraordinarily knowledgeable about Mesozoic fossil mammals and fossil mammals of North and South America. He anticipated such concepts as punctuated equilibrium (in Tempo and Mode) and dispelled the myth that the evolution of the horse was a linear process culminating in the modern Equus caballus. He coined the word hypodigm in 1940, and published extensively on the taxonomy of fossil and extant mammals.  Simpson was influentially, and incorrectly, opposed to Alfred Wegener's theory of continental drift, but accepted the theory of plate tectonics (and continental drift) when the evidence became conclusive.He was Professor of Zoology at Columbia University, and Curator of the Department of Geology and Paleontology at the American Museum of Natural History from 1945 to 1959. He was Curator of the Museum of Comparative Zoology at Harvard University from 1959 to 1970, and a Professor of Geosciences at the University of Arizona from 1968 until his retirement in 1982.
<Bill_McBride_(politician)>	William McBride (May 10, 1945 – December 22, 2012) was an American lawyer and politician.A member of the Democratic Party, he challenged Jeb Bush for Florida governor in the 2002 gubernatorial election. Bush won by a 56 to 43 percent margin, making him the first Republican governor of Florida to serve two terms. McBride had earlier defeated former United States Attorney General Janet Reno in the Democratic primary.
<Larry_Ellison>	Lawrence Joseph Ellison (born August 17, 1944) is an American business magnate and investor who is the co-founder, executive chairman, chief technology officer (CTO) and former chief executive officer (CEO) of the American computer technology company Oracle Corporation. As of November 2022, he was listed by Bloomberg Billionaires Index as the seventh-wealthiest person in the world, with an estimated fortune of $91 billion. Ellison is also known for his 98% ownership stake in Lanai, the sixth-largest island in the Hawaiian Archipelago.Larry Ellison was born in New York City, to an unwed Jewish mother. His biological father was an Italian-American United States Army Air Corps pilot. After Ellison contracted pneumonia at the age of nine months, his mother gave him to her aunt and uncle for adoption. He did not meet his biological mother again until he was 48.
<Ehrenburg_Palace>	Ehrenburg Palace (German: Schloss Ehrenburg) is a palace in Coburg, Franconia, Germany. It served as the main Coburg residence for the ruling princes from the 1540s until 1918. The palace's exterior today mostly reflects Gothic Revival style.The palace was built by Johann Ernst, Duke of Saxe-Coburg, in 1543–7. It replaced the Veste Coburg as the dukes' town Residenz. The new town palace was built around a Franciscan monastery dissolved during Reformation. According to tradition, the palace was named Ehrenburg ("Palace of Honour") by Emperor Charles V for having been constructed without the use of forced labour.Under Duke Johann Casimir the first major rebuilding took place. Around 1590 the (still extant) south wing was constructed by the Renaissance architect Michael Frey.
<Pratibha_Gai>	Dame Pratibha Laxman Gai-Boyes DBE FRS HonFRMS FRSC FREng is a British microscopist and Professor and Chair of Electron Microscopy and former Director at The York JEOL Nanocentre, Departments of Chemistry and Physics, University of York. She created the atomic-resolution environmental transmission electron microscope (ETEM) and is an outspoken advocate for women with careers in science.Gai grew up in India, and was fascinated by science as a child. She was influenced by Marie Curie, her education, and her parents to study chemistry. However, at that time, it was not socially acceptance for women to have careers in the physical sciences. When she was a teenager, she was selected as a national science talent search scholar.
<Minimax_(TV_channel)>	Minimax is a European pay television channel aimed at children, headquartered in Hungary, and broadcasting to 11 Central European countries. The channel was also broadcast in Spain from 1994 to 1998 and Poland from 1999 to 2004. Minimax's policy goals include edutainment and non-violent programs.As of 2018, the channel runs 24 hours a day. Previously, from 1995 though 2017, Minimax timeshared with Sportmanía, Musicmax, Game One, ITV Hungary, M+, Cool, Animax, and C8 over the years.
<Keith_Wilson_(South_Australian_politician)>	Sir Keith Cameron Wilson (3 September 1900 – 28 September 1987) was an Australian lawyer and politician. He was a Senator for South Australia from 1938 to 1944, representing the United Australia Party, and later returned to parliament as a Liberal Party member of the House of Representatives from 1949 to 1954 and 1955 to 1966. Despite his long service he never held ministerial office.Wilson was born on 3 September 1900 in Adelaide, a son of lawyer A. T. K. Wilson (died 15 August 1925) and his wife Lilian (née Laurence). He attended St Peter's Collegiate School, Adelaide, and studied law at the University of Adelaide. His grandfather, C. A. Wilson, and great-grandfather, Thomas Wilson, were also lawyers who practised in South Australia.
<Maurice_Wilkins>	Maurice Hugh Frederick Wilkins CBE FRS (15 December 1916 – 5 October 2004) was a New Zealand-born British biophysicist and Nobel laureate whose research spanned multiple areas of physics and biophysics, contributing to the scientific understanding of phosphorescence, isotope separation, optical microscopy and X-ray diffraction, and to the development of radar. He is best known for his work at King's College London on the structure of DNA.Wilkins' work on DNA falls into two distinct phases. The first was in 1948–1950, when his initial studies produced the first clear X-ray images of DNA, which he presented at a conference in Naples in 1951 attended by James Watson. During the second phase, 1951–52, Wilkins produced clear "B form" "X" shaped images from squid sperm, images he sent to James Watson and Francis Crick, causing Watson to write "Wilkins... has obtained extremely excellent X-ray diffraction photographs" [of DNA].
<Nevil_Maskelyne>	Nevil Maskelyne FRS FRSE (/ˈmæskəlɪn/; 6 October 1732 – 9 February 1811) was the fifth British Astronomer Royal. He held the office from 1765 to 1811. He was the first person to scientifically measure the mass of the planet Earth. He created the British Nautical Almanac and Astronomical Ephemeris for the Meridian of the Royal Observatory at Greenwich using Johann Tobias Mayer's corrections for Euler's Lunar Theory tables.Maskelyne was born in London, the third son of Edmund Maskelyne of Purton in Wiltshire, and his wife, Elizabeth Booth. Maskelyne's father died when he was 12, leaving the family in reduced circumstances. Maskelyne attended Westminster School and was still a pupil there when his mother died in 1748. His interest in astronomy had begun while at Westminster School, shortly after the eclipse of 14 July 1748.
<Charles_Howroyd>	Charles Richard Howroyd (25 February 1867 – 10 May 1917) was an Australian politician. He was a member of the Tasmanian House of Assembly from 1909 until 1917, representing the Australian Labor Party until leaving the party in the 1916 Labor split. He was then elected to the Australian House of Representatives at the 1917 federal election, but died only five days later.Howroyd was born in Dewsbury in Yorkshire, England and was educated at King Edward VI Grammar School in Wakefield and Turton College in York. He initially migrated to Victoria before going into business as a stock and share broker in Hobart, Tasmania. He lived in the United States for some years before returning to Melbourne and then Launceston, where he lived from 1898 and worked as a commission agent. He was secretary of the Launceston Stock Exchange, founder of the St George's Society in Launceston, a member of the Launceston Hospital board and a justice of the peace. A trade unionist, he was also general secretary of the Railway Employees' Association in Tasmania for five years. He was the secretary of the Federal Protection League from 1900, but was one of the founding members of the Tasmanian branch of the Labor Party when it was established in 1903.
<Somain-Halluin_Railway>	The Somain-Halluin railway was a French standard gauge railway in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais. It was 35 miles long and it linked the town of Somain in the département du Nord with Halluin near the Belgian border, via Orchies and Tourcoing. Today, the line is closed to passengers. The section between Orchies and Ascq was used by local passenger trains until 2015. It was decided in 2020 not to renovate and re-open the line. Instead, the current TER Hauts-de-France bus service is planned to be upgraded by 2026.On 15 September 1871, the French North Eastern railway was awarded a concession to construct the Somain to Roubaix & Tourcoing railway. The line aimed to transport coal to support textile industries in the area. Local municipalities had been consulted in June 1871, and a definitive route was published just over three years later on 12 January 1875.In 1876, the French Northern Railway acquired various railway lines in the area, including the short part of the Somain-Halluin Railway which was then open (10 miles between Somain and Orchies). In 1879, the line reached Tourcoing.
<Jeanne_Tripplehorn>	Jeanne Marie Tripplehorn (born June 10, 1963) is an American actress. She began her career on stage, acting in several plays throughout the early 1990s, including Anton Chekhov's Three Sisters on Broadway. Her film career began with the role of a police psychologist in the erotic thriller Basic Instinct (1992). Her other film roles include The Firm (1993), Waterworld (1995) and Sliding Doors (1998). On television, she starred as Barbara Henrickson on the HBO drama series Big Love (2006–2011) and as Dr. Alex Blake on the CBS police drama Criminal Minds (2012–2014), and she received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for her performance as Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis in the 2009 HBO movie Grey Gardens.Tripplehorn was born on June 10, 1963, in Tulsa, Oklahoma, the daughter of Suzanne Ferguson and Tom Tripplehorn, who was once a guitarist with Gary Lewis & the Playboys. Her parents divorced when she was two years old. She graduated from Edison High School in 1981 and spent one semester studying at the University of Tulsa. She performed on the local television shows Creature Feature (1982–83) and Night Shift (1983). She also worked part-time, then full-time on local rock radio station KMOD for several years before leaving for Juilliard. She then attended the Juilliard School's Drama Division as a member of Group 19 (1986–1990), which also included Laura Linney.
<Caldecott_Medal>	The Randolph Caldecott Medal, frequently shortened to just the Caldecott, annually recognizes the preceding year's "most distinguished American picture book for children". It is awarded to the illustrator by the Association for Library Service to Children (ALSC), a division of the American Library Association (ALA). The Caldecott and Newbery Medals are considered the most prestigious American children's book awards. Beside the Caldecott Medal, the committee awards a variable number of citations to runners-up they deem worthy, called the Caldecott Honor or Caldecott Honor Books.The Caldecott Medal was first proposed by Frederic G. Melcher, in 1937. The award was named after English illustrator Randolph Caldecott. Unchanged since its founding, the medal, which is given to every winner, features two of Caldecott's illustrations. The awarding process has changed several times over the years, including in 1971 which began use of the term "Honor" for the runner-ups. There have between one and five honor books named each year.
<Rent_(musical)>	Rent is a rock musical with music, lyrics, and book by Jonathan Larson, loosely based on Giacomo Puccini's 1896 opera La Bohème. It tells the story of a group of impoverished young artists struggling to survive and create a life in Lower Manhattan's East Village in the thriving days of bohemian Alphabet City, under the shadow of HIV/AIDS.The musical was first seen in a workshop production at New York Theatre Workshop in 1993. This same off-Broadway theatre was also the musical's initial home following its official 1996 opening. The show's creator, Jonathan Larson, died suddenly of an aortic dissection, believed to have been caused by undiagnosed Marfan syndrome, the night before the off-Broadway premiere. The musical moved to Broadway's larger Nederlander Theatre on April 29, 1996.
<Aslı_Enver>	Aslı Enver Gökbudak (born 10 May 1984) is a Turkish actress. She is best known for her roles in several TV series including as Mine in Kavak Yelleri, as Ahu Kumral in Suskunlar and as Süreyya in İstanbullu Gelin. She is also known for her roles in Kayıp, Bana Artık Hicran De, Kardeşim Benim, Tamam mıyız? and Babil.Enver was born on 10 May 1984, in London, England, and lived there until she was 12 years old. Her father is a Turkish Cypriot who grew up in London and met and married Enver's mother there, while she was abroad for her studies. As a teenager, Aslı Enver won a song contest in London. She started theatre at Mujdat Gezen Art Centre in Istanbul. She studied at Pera Fine Arts High School and graduated in theatre studies from Haliç University. She had her first minor-guest role in Uzay Sitcomu. Later, she had a part in the hit young series Hayat Bilgisi and played the main character "Mine Ergun" in the popular youth series Kavak Yelleri (a remake of Dawson's Creek) for five seasons. She has acted in the movies Tamam mıyız? and Kardeşim Benim and starred in the TV series Suskunlar, Kayıp, Bana Artık Hicran De, Mutlu Ol Yeter and Kış Güneşi.
<Yvonne_de_Gaulle>	Yvonne Charlotte Anne-Marie de Gaulle (née Vendroux; 22 May 1900 – 8 November 1979) was the wife of Charles de Gaulle. The couple had three children: Philippe (b. 1921), Élisabeth (1924–2013), and Anne (1928–1948), who was born with Down syndrome. Yvonne de Gaulle set up a charity, La fondation Anne-de-Gaulle, to help children with disabilities.Yvonne and Charles were married on 6 April 1921. She is known for the quote, "The presidency is temporary—but the family is permanent." She and her husband narrowly escaped an assassination attempt on 22 August 1962, when their Citroën DS was targeted by machine gun fire arranged by Jean Bastien-Thiry at the Petit-Clamart.Like her husband, Yvonne de Gaulle was a conservative Catholic, and campaigned against prostitution, the sale of pornography in newsstands, and the televised display of nudity and sex, for which she earned the nickname Tante (Auntie) Yvonne. Later, she unsuccessfully tried to persuade de Gaulle to outlaw miniskirts in France.[citation needed]
<Gerry_Day>	Gerry Day (January 27, 1922 – February 13, 2013) was an American screenwriter. She was also a newspaper reporter for the Hollywood Citizen News in the mid-1940s.Gerald Lallande Day was born in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of Ruthy and Lenox Day. She was given her name not because her parents had wanted a boy but due to their Southern family name traditions.Her father was the organist for the Grauman's Egyptian Theatre on Hollywood Boulevard. She watched Howard Hughes film the miniature dogfights for the 1930 film Hell's Angels in a lot behind her childhood home. Lana Turner was her escort and gave her a campus tour when Day first enrolled at Hollywood High School. Orson Welles once hypnotized her in his magic act at the Hollywood Canteen.
<Lynn_Bari>	Lynn Bari (born Marjorie Schuyler Fisher, December 18, 1919 – November 20, 1989) was a film actress who specialized in playing sultry, statuesque man-killers in roughly 150 films for 20th Century Fox, from the early 1930s through the 1940s.Bari was born on December 18, 1919 in Roanoke, Virginia to John Manard Fisher (December 12, 1873 - June 4, 1927), of Lynchburg, Virginia, and his wife Marjorie Babcock Halpen (November 27, 1893 - May 11, 1960) a native of Albany, New York. Her father was a successful auto sales manager who for many years worked for a Roanoke car dealership, Harper Motor. In 1925, he left his job and moved the family to his hometown, Lynchburg, where he opened a car dealership of his own. Two years later, heavily in debt and struggling to make a sizeable profit, he, while away on a business trip, took his own life by jumping out of a hotel window. After selling everything to settle debts his widow was left with little money to support herself and her two children: John, her eldest and Marjorie. To make ends meet, she arranged for her sister, Ellen, who with her husband lived in  Melrose, Ma to take in her and her children. Failing to find work in Melrose, she moved to  Boston, where she met and soon, in March 1929, married the Reverend Robert Bitzer, a Religious Science minister. 
<King_Moody>	Robert "King" Moody (December 6, 1929 – February 7, 2001) was an American actor, best known for playing Shtarker in the television series Get Smart and for his portrayal as Ronald McDonald in the McDonald's commercials from 1969 to 1985.He was born on December 6, 1929, in New York City.He played the spaceship captain in Teenagers From Outer Space and various other roles in forty movies and television episodes including Bonanza, The Bob Newhart Show, CHiPs, Combat!, The Man From U.N.C.L.E., Dragnet and Sea Hunt. He became the fifth portrayer as Ronald McDonald in 1969, he played the character for sixteen years in the McDonald's commercials until 1985.
<Chapel_Hill,_North_Carolina>	Chapel Hill is a town in Orange, Durham and Chatham counties in the U.S. state of North Carolina. Its population was 61,960 in the 2020 census, making Chapel Hill the 17th-largest municipality in the state. Chapel Hill, Durham, and the state capital, Raleigh, make up the corners of the Research Triangle (officially the Raleigh–Durham–Cary combined statistical area), with a total population of 1,998,808.The town was founded in 1793 and is centered on Franklin Street, covering 21.3 square miles (55 km2). It contains several districts and buildings listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and UNC Health Care are a major part of the economy and town influence. Local artists have created many murals.
<David_Turashvili>	David "Dato" Turashvili (Georgian: დავით (დათო) ტურაშვილი) (born May 10, 1966 in Tbilisi) is a Georgian fiction writer.In 1989, he was one of the leaders of the student protest action taking place at the Davidgareja monasteries in eastern Georgia, whose territory was exploited by the Soviet Union military as a training ground. His first novels, published in 1988, are based on the turmoil of those events. The premier of his play Jeans Generation was held in May 2001. Turashvili's other publications include the travelogues Known and Unknown America (1993) and Kathmandu (1998), and two collections of short fiction and movie scripts; his first collection of short fiction is Merani (1991).Besides scripts, he writes novels, short stories and plays. Dato Turashvili has published about 16 books in Georgia. His works are translated into seven languages and published in different periodical editions of various countries. His novel Flight from the USSR has already been published in five European countries. He is the author of Georgian best-sellers and has participated in Mountaineers' expedition in the mountains of the Caucasus, Andes and Himalayas. Furthermore, he is the author of scientific-research letters in literary criticism and historiography. He has translated both prosaic and poetic texts from Russian, English, Spanish, and Turkish.
<1ZH>	1ZH was a New Zealand radio station based in Hamilton, New Zealand.The station was originally known as 1XH which was the stations original callsign. 1XH was started by Radio New Zealand (which at the time was known as the National Broadcasting Service) in 1949, broadcasting on 1310 AM. In 1968 the station callsign was changed to 1ZH and the station known on air as this name.
<John_Bates_Clark_Medal>	The John Bates Clark Medal is awarded by the American Economic Association to "that American economist under the age of forty who is adjudged to have made a significant contribution to economic thought and knowledge." The award is named after the American economist John Bates Clark (1847–1938).According to The Chronicle of Higher Education, it "is widely regarded as one of the field's most prestigious awards... second only to the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences." Many of the recipients went on to receive the Nobel Prizes in their later careers, including the inaugural recipient Paul Samuelson. The award was made biennially until 2007, but from 2009 is now awarded every year because of the growth of the field. Although the Clark medal is billed as a prize for American economists, it is sufficient that the candidates work in the US at the time of the award; US nationality is not necessary to be considered.
<Griffin_Communications>	Griffin Media is an American media company based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. The company began as a subsidiary of Muskogee-based Griffin Foods, which produces a line of pancake and waffle syrups and other foods.It owns Oklahoma's two large CBS affiliates, KWTV-DT in Oklahoma City and KOTV-DT in Tulsa, and duopoly partners in each of those markets, MyNetworkTV outlet KSBI-TV in Oklahoma City and The CW outlet KQCW-DT in Tulsa. It also owns five radio stations in Tulsa.John Toole "J. T." Griffin – the owner and president of the Griffin Grocery Company, a Muskogee-based wholesaler and manufacturer of condiments and baking products that he inherited from his father, John Taylor Griffin, after the elder company co-founder died in 1944 – entered the communications industry in October 1938, when he purchased local radio station KOMA (1520 AM, now KOKC) from Hearst Radio for $315,000. Griffin would eventually become interested in television broadcasting around 1950, after noticing during one of his commutes that many homes in the Oklahoma City area had installed outdoor antennas to receive the signal of primary NBC affiliate WKY-TV (channel 4, now KFOR-TV), the first television station ever to sign on in Oklahoma, which began operation on June 6, 1949. John decided to extend the family business deeper into broadcasting, gathering together several additional backers – including his brother-in-law, James C. "Jimmy" Leake – to finance the development of and apply for licenses to operate television stations in Oklahoma City, Muskogee, and Little Rock, Arkansas.
<How_I_Learned_to_Drive>	How I Learned to Drive is a play written by American playwright Paula Vogel. The play premiered on March 16, 1997, Off-Broadway at the Vineyard Theatre. Vogel received the 1998 Pulitzer Prize for Drama for the work. It was written and developed at the Perseverance Theatre in Juneau, Alaska, with Molly Smith as artistic director.The story follows the strained, sexual relationship between Li'l Bit and her aunt's husband, Uncle Peck, from her pre-adolescence through her teenage years into college and beyond. Using the metaphor of driving and the issues of pedophilia, incest, and misogyny, the play explores the ideas of control and manipulation.The play tells the story of a woman nicknamed Li'l Bit as she comes to terms with her sexually abusive relationship with her Uncle Peck throughout her adolescence. Aside from Li'l Bit and Uncle Peck, a Greek Chorus of three is on hand to play all of the other characters in their lives. The script is a memory play told largely out of chronological order, with the first scene taking place in 1969 in a parking lot in rural Maryland. Li'l Bit is 17 years old and sitting in Uncle Peck's car. Peck unhooks her bra through her shirt, an act that Li'l Bit finds uncomfortable. Li'l Bit mentions she is graduating high school and going to a "fancy college" in the fall, while Uncle Peck continues to admire her body.
<Rachel_Specter>	Rachel Specter (born April 9, 1980) is an American writer, producer and actress. She was a producer and writer of Crazy Ex-Girlfriend (2015–2019). She began her career as an actress but has since has written for the TV series like One Tree Hill and Cougar Town, and produced Hyperlinked (2017) and Indebted (2020).Specter was born in Tampa, Florida. She graduated from the University of Florida, with honors. She played the role of Courtney in The House Bunny, and guest-starred in episodes of How I Met Your Mother, Gilmore Girls, What I Like About You, and Entourage. She has also appeared on Attack of the Show!, The Feed, and the web series Long Distance Relationship.Before concentrating on behind the scenes work, Specter appeared as one of the actresses for the Sunsilk Color Showdown ad campaign. She was also known for a series of ads for RGX from Right Guard, Procter & Gamble's mid-2000s competitor against Axe, along with ads for Jack Link's Beef Jerky.
<Cassa_di_Risparmio_di_Saluzzo>	Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo is an Italian saving bank. The bank was based in Saluzzo, in the Province of Cuneo, Piedmont.Since the bank reforms in 1991, the bank was split into a società per azioni and a non-profit banking foundation. Cassa di Risparmio di Torino (Banca CRT) once became a minority shareholders of the bank. However its successor, UniCredit sold their possession on Saluzzo (31.019%), Bra (31.021%), Fossano (23.077%) and Savigliano (31.006%) to Banca Popolare dell'Emilia Romagna for about €149 million in 2006. (which BPER paid €45.384 million for CR Saluzzo's shares)As at 31 December 2014 the foundation owned 66.98%, followed by BPER 31.019% and Argentario 2%.
<Lene_Lai>	Lene Lai (Chinese: 賴琳恩; pinyin: Lài Lín'ēn; born 6 June 1989) is a Taiwanese actress and model. She was the 2nd runner-up of the Miss Asia Pageant 2008.Lai studied at Tainan University of Technology, but she has since put her study on hold. She participated in numerous television programs including Everybody Speaks Nonsenses II - Hot Pot. She is a seasoned car show model and has played small roles in many television series such as My Queen and Bull Fighting.Lai became the second Taiwanese to win a title from the Miss Asia Pageant. After winning the pageant, she was signed by Asia Television as an actress in 2009.
<Willis_Lamb>	Willis Eugene Lamb Jr. (/læm/; July 12, 1913 – May 15, 2008) was an American physicist who won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1955 "for his discoveries concerning the fine structure of the hydrogen spectrum." The Nobel Committee that year awarded half the prize to Lamb and the other half to Polykarp Kusch, who won "for his precision determination of the magnetic moment of the electron."  Lamb was able to determine precisely a surprising shift in electron energies in a hydrogen atom (see Lamb shift).  Lamb was a professor at the University of Arizona College of Optical Sciences.Lamb was born in Los Angeles, California, United States and attended Los Angeles High School. First admitted in 1930, he received a Bachelor of Science in Chemistry from the University of California, Berkeley in 1934.  For theoretical work on scattering of neutrons by a crystal, guided by J. Robert Oppenheimer, he received the Ph.D. in physics in 1938. Because of limited computational methods available at the time, this research narrowly missed revealing the Mössbauer Effect, 19 years before its recognition by Mössbauer. He worked on nuclear theory, laser physics, and verifying quantum mechanics.Lamb was a physics professor at Stanford from 1951 to 1956. Lamb was the Wykeham Professor of Physics at the University of Oxford from 1956 to 1962, and also taught at Yale, Columbia and the University of Arizona. He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1963.
<Hyde_United_F.C.>	Hyde United Football Club is a semi-professional football club in Hyde, Greater Manchester, England. Formed in 1919, they were renamed Hyde F.C. between 2010 and 2015 as part of a sponsorship deal with Manchester City.The team's strip is red shirts and black shorts and their home ground is the 4,250 capacity Ewen Fields. Hyde United's record attendance was in 1952 when 7,600 spectators attended a game against Nelson. The club's all-time leading goalscorer is Pete O'Brien who scored 247 goals.
<University_of_Florida>	The University of Florida (Florida or UF) is a public land-grant research university in Gainesville, Florida. It is a senior member of the State University System of Florida, traces its origins to 1853, and has operated continuously on its Gainesville campus since September 1906.After the Florida state legislature's creation of performance standards in 2013, the Florida Board of Governors designated the University of Florida as a "preeminent university". For 2022, U.S. News & World Report ranked Florida as the fifth (tied) best public university and 28th (tied) best university in the United States. The University of Florida is the only member of the Association of American Universities in Florida and is classified among "R1: Doctoral Universities – Very high research activity".
<William_Burn>	William Burn FRSE (20 December 1789 – 15 February 1870) was a Scottish architect. He received major commissions from the age of 20 until his death at 81. He built in many styles and was a pioneer of the Scottish Baronial Revival,often referred to as the golden age of Scottish architecture.Burn was born in Rose Street in Edinburgh, the son of architect Robert Burn and his wife Janet Patterson. He was the fourth born and the eldest survivor of the 16 children born.
<Kingston_upon_Thames>	Kingston upon Thames (hyphenated until 1965, colloquially known as Kingston) is a town in the Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames, southwest London, England. It is situated on the River Thames and 10 miles (16 km) southwest of Charing Cross. It is notable as the ancient market town in which Saxon kings were crowned and today is the administrative centre of the Royal Borough.Historically in the county of Surrey, the ancient parish of Kingston became absorbed in  the Municipal Borough of Kingston-upon-Thames, reformed in 1835.  From 1893 to 2021 it was the location of Surrey County Council, extraterritorially in terms of local government administration since 1965, when Kingston became a part of Greater London.
<Bernard_Koenen>	Bernard Koenen (17 February 1889 in Hamburg – 30 April 1964 in Berlin) was a German politician.Between 1953 and 1958 he was the East German ambassador to Czechoslovakia.Koenen was born in Hamburg, the son of a carpenter-joiner and a cook. His father was a Socialist activist who participated in the founding of the Second International in Paris five months after his birth. By the turn of the century his father was a leading member of the Social Democratic Party. On 17 January 1906 they were among an estimated 80,000 people in Hamburg to take part in Germany's first ever mass-political protest march, protesting an electoral system which privileged the upper classes at the expense of the working class; Bernard Koenen distributed leaflets at the march.
<Vladimir_Govorov>	Vladimir Leonidovich Govorov (Russian: Владимир Леонидович Говоров; 18 October 1924 – 13 August 2006) was a Soviet General and military leader. He was the son of Soviet military commander Marshal Leonid Govorov.Vladimir Govorov was born in the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic in 1924 to Leonid Govorov and Lidia Ivanovna. In 1938, Govorov and a school friend decided to go to Spain to fight for the Spanish Republican Army in the Spanish Civil War. They ran out of the house, and hid in the waste found in a Spanish ship, and secretly slipped him and have been found in the sea.In June 1942 he was drafted into the Red Army. In 1942 he graduated from the 2nd Moscow Special Artillery School and a year later, the Ryazan Artillery School. In October 1943, Govorov was sent to the fighting on the fronts of the Great Patriotic War. He commanded a gun platoon, then an artillery battery on the Leningrad and 2nd Baltic front. He participated in the Siege of Leningrad, the offensive operations of the Soviet troops in the Baltic states, as well as the Courland Pocket. 
<The_Howling_Man>	"The Howling Man" is episode 41 of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone. It originally aired on November 4, 1960 on CBS.The prostrate form of Mr. David Ellington, scholar, seeker of truth and, regrettably, finder of truth. A man who will shortly arise from his exhaustion to confront a problem that has tormented mankind since the beginning of time. A man who knocked on a door seeking sanctuary and found, instead, the outer edges of The Twilight Zone.While on a walking trip through post–World War I Central Europe circa 1925, David Ellington becomes lost in a storm. He sees an ancient castle, now the home of a monastic order. He knocks at the door and pleads for help. He is told by the monk who opens the door that they do not allow visitors. After Ellington further begs, the monk goes to speak to a person he names as Brother Jerome, while Ellington waits and hears a wolf-like howl coming from inside the castle. The monk returns and, when asked about the howling, says it is merely the wind. The monk takes Ellington to meet Brother Jerome, the leader of the order. After Ellington explains himself, Brother Jerome announces that there is no help to be had there and that Ellington must leave. Bewildered, Ellington walks out and collapses in the hallway.
<Reuben_Leon_Kahn>	Reuben Leon Kahn (July 26, 1887 in Kovno, Russian Empire – July 22, 1979 in Miami) was an American immunologist.He is best known for his investigations of blood reactions, like the Kahn test, an efficient test for syphilis.
<Jonathan_King>	Jonathan King (born Kenneth George King; 6 December 1944) is an English singer, songwriter and record producer. He first came to prominence in 1965 when "Everyone's Gone to the Moon", a song that he wrote and sang while still an undergraduate, achieved chart success. As an independent producer, he discovered and named the rock band Genesis in 1967, producing their first album From Genesis to Revelation. He founded his own label UK Records in 1972. He released and produced songs for 10cc and the Bay City Rollers. In the 1970s King became known for hits that he performed and/or produced under different names, including "Johnny Reggae", "Loop di Love", "Sugar, Sugar", "Hooked on a Feeling", "Una Paloma Blanca" and "It Only Takes a Minute"; between September 1971 and 1972 alone he produced 10 top 30 singles in the UK.While living in New York in the 1980s, King appeared on radio and television in the UK, including on the BBC's Top of the Pops and Entertainment USA. In the early 1990s he produced the Brit Awards, and from 1995 he selected and produced the British entries for the Eurovision Song Contest, including the winning entry in 1997, "Love Shine a Light" by Katrina and the Waves. Rod Liddle, in 2010, described him as  "truly talented" and someone who could "storm the pop charts at will, under a hundred different disguises". The Guardian reported in 2002 that he had sold over 40 million records during his career.
<Thomas_Sugrue>	Thomas J. Sugrue (born 1962, Detroit, Michigan) is an American historian of the 20th-century United States at New York University. From 1991 to 2015, he was the David Boies Professor of History and Sociology at the University of Pennsylvania and founding director of the Penn Social Science and Policy Forum. His areas of expertise include American urban history, American political history, housing and the history of race relations. He has published extensively on the history of liberalism and conservatism, on housing and real estate, on poverty and public policy, on civil rights, and on the history of affirmative action.Sugrue was born in 1962 in Detroit, Michigan and lived there until the age of ten, when his family moved to the suburbs. He graduated from Brother Rice High School (Michigan) in 1980 and from Columbia University (Summa Cum Laude, Phi Beta Kappa) in 1984, with a degree in History. One of his mentors at Columbia was James P. Shenton. From 1984-1986, Sugrue attended King's College, Cambridge University on a Kellett Fellowship and earned a B.A. (honours) in British History and the Doncaster History Prize of King's College. He earned his Ph.D. in history from Harvard University in 1992 working with Stephan Thernstrom and Barbara Guttmann Rosenkrantz.Sugrue began his teaching career at the University of Pennsylvania in 1991. He has also been a visiting faculty member at New York University, Harvard University, and the Ecole des Hautes Etudes en Sciences Sociales in Paris. Sugrue's first book, The Origins of the Urban Crisis (Princeton University Press, 1996) was widely acclaimed. It won the prestigious Bancroft Prize in History, the President's Book Award of the Social Science History Association, the Philip Taft Prize in Labor History, the Urban History Association Prize for Best Book in North American Labor History, and was selected as a Choice Outstanding Book. In 2005, Princeton University Press selected Origins of the Urban Crisis as one of its 100 most influential books of the preceding century [2] and issued it as a Princeton Classic. Sugrue has also edited two other books, W.E.B. DuBois, Race, and the City (University of Pennsylvania Press, 1998), with Michael B. Katz, and The New Suburban History (University of Chicago Press, 2005), with Kevin M. Kruse. His 2008 book Sweet Land of Liberty: The Forgotten Struggle for Civil Rights in the North was a finalist for the Los Angeles Times Book Prize in History  and a main selection of the History Book Club. He is also author of Not Even Past: Barack Obama and the Burden of Race. His most recent book is These United States: The Making of a Nation, 1890 to the Present with Glenda Gilmore. He is currently writing a history of the rise and transformation of the real estate industry in modern America. He has also published essays and reviews in The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, The Washington Post, The Nation, London Review of Books, Chicago Tribune, The Philadelphia Inquirer, and Detroit Free Press. In 2010 he served as a guest-blogger for Ta-Nehisi Coates at The Atlantic.
<DaMarcus_Beasley>	DaMarcus Lamont Beasley (/ˈbiːzli/; born May 24, 1982) is an American former professional soccer player. A left-footed player, Beasley played both as a left winger and left wingback throughout his career. He retired from soccer after the 2019 MLS Season.After starring at the 1999 FIFA U-17 World Championship, Beasley emerged as a star with the Chicago Fire before making a move to Dutch club PSV Eindhoven in 2004. He later spent time in the Premier League with Manchester City, in the Scottish Premier League for Rangers and in the Bundesliga for Hannover 96. He finished his career with spells with Puebla and Houston Dynamo.
<Cologne>	Cologne (English: /kəˈloʊn/ (listen) kə-LOHN; German: Köln [kœln] (listen); Kölsch: Kölle [ˈkœlə] (listen)) is the largest city of the German western state of North Rhine-Westphalia (NRW) and the fourth-most populous city of Germany with 1.1 million inhabitants in the city proper and 3.6 million people in the urban region. Centered on the left (west) bank of the Rhine, Cologne is about 35 km (22 mi) southeast of NRW's state capital Düsseldorf and 25 km (16 mi) northwest of Bonn, the former capital of West Germany.The city's medieval Catholic Cologne Cathedral (Kölner Dom), the third-tallest church and tallest cathedral in the world, constructed to house the Shrine of the Three Kings, is a globally recognized landmark and one of the most visited sights and pilgrimage destinations in Europe. The cityscape is further shaped by the Twelve Romanesque churches of Cologne, and Cologne is famous for Eau de Cologne, that has been produced in the city since 1709, and "cologne" has since come to be a generic term.
<Chris_Matthews>	Christopher John Matthews (born December 17, 1945) is an American political commentator, retired talk show host, and author. Matthews hosted his weeknight hour-long talk show, Hardball with Chris Matthews, on America's Talking and later on MSNBC, from 1997 until March 2, 2020. He announced on his final episode that he was retiring, following an accusation that he had made inappropriate comments to a Hardball guest four years earlier. On that occasion, he stated: "The younger generation's out there ready to take the reins. We see them in politics, in media, in fighting for their causes. They're improving the workplace."Matthews was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the son of Mary Teresa (née Shields) and Herb Matthews, a court reporter. Matthews's father was, he has written, "raised Episcopalian—Church of England," of English and Scots-Irish ancestry, and his mother was from an Irish Catholic family; Matthews and his siblings were raised in the Catholic faith.
<Oleksandr_Maksymov>	Oleksandr Maksymov (Ukrainian: Олександр Олександрович Максимов; born 13 February 1985 in Zaporizhia) is a Ukrainian footballer who most recently played for Pembroke Athleta in Malta.He also played for Torpedo-BelAZ Zhodino in the Belarusian Premier League, FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk, FC Arsenal Kyiv and the Ukraine national football team. He was in the Ukraine under-21 squad when and was a finalist of the UEFA U-21 Cup, but the team lost to the Netherlands.
<Freemasons_Hotel_(Toodyay)>	Freemasons' Hotel is a historic building on Stirling Terrace in Toodyay, Western Australia. It was built for William Tregoning, and originally licensed in 1861 as the Newcastle Hotel. In 1977 the building was classified by the National Trust and given a permanent listing on the Register of the National Estate.  It is also listed on the Australian Heritage Database.The building is a double height red brick structure with corrugated iron roof and a decorative parapet of classicalinfluence. There are verandahs at ground and first floor levels with timber posts and balustrades. The ground level alsohas an additional set back verandah with brick columns and arches. There is a rear verandah to both upper and lower levels and a single storey brick extension. The building's Federation Filigree façade was restored in 1994.
<Gower_Champion>	Gower Carlyle Champion (June 22, 1919 – August 25, 1980) was an American actor, theatre director, choreographer, and dancer.Champion was born on June 22, 1919, in Geneva, Illinois, as the son of John W. Champion and Beatrice Carlisle.  He was raised in Los Angeles, California, where he graduated from Fairfax High School. He studied dance from an early age and, at the age of fifteen, toured nightclubs with friend Jeanne Tyler billed as "Gower and Jeanne, America's Youngest Dance Team". In 1939, "Gower and Jeanne" danced to the music of Larry Clinton and his Orchestra in a Warner Brothers & Vitaphone film short-subject, "The Dipsy Doodler" (released in 1940).During the late 1930s and early 1940s, Champion worked on Broadway as a solo dancer and choreographer. After serving in the U.S. Coast Guard during World War II, Champion met Marjorie Belcher, who became his new partner, and the two were married in 1947.
<Pennsylvania_Railroad>	The Pennsylvania Railroad (reporting mark PRR, legal name The Pennsylvania Railroad Company, also known as the "Pennsy") was an American Class I railroad that was established in 1846 and was headquartered in Philadelphia. Named for the commonwealth it was established in, by 1882, the Pennsylvania Railroad had become the largest railroad (by traffic and revenue), the largest transportation enterprise, and the largest corporation in the world. Its budget was second only to the U.S. government.Over the years, it acquired, merged with or owned part of at least 800 other rail lines and companies. At the end of 1926, it operated 11,640.66 miles (18,733.83 kilometers) of rail line; in the 1920s, it carried nearly three times the traffic as other railroads of comparable length, such as the Union Pacific and Atchison, Topeka & Santa Fe railroads. Its only formidable rival was the New York Central (NYC), which carried around three-quarters of the Pennsy's ton-miles.In 1968, the Pennsylvania Railroad merged with its rival New York Central Railroad and the railroad eventually went by the name of Penn Central Transportation Company, or "Penn Central" for short. The former competitors’ networks integrated poorly with each other, and the railroad filed for bankruptcy within two years.
<England_national_under-16_football_team>	England national under-16 football team, also known as England under-16s or England U16(s), represents England in association football at an under-16 age level and is controlled by the Football Association, the governing body for football in England.Between 1925 and 2014, the England under-16 team competed in the annual Victory Shield tournament against Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. Since World War II, England had won the Victory Shield outright thirty-five times and had been joint winners with Scotland eight times, with Wales twice and with both Scotland and Wales twice. However, in April 2015, the Football Association decided to withdraw from the tournament "for the foreseeable future" with the stated aim of replacing it with matches against European and global opposition.
<EMedia_Productions>	eMedia Productions (Branded as eMedia Mo!; lit. 'Your eMedia'!) is a radio and television production company based in Zamboanga City serving its base city as well as the province of Basilan and Zamboanga Sibugay.eMedia Productions currently operates as a content provider of the Westwind Broadcasting Network.
<Dayton,_Ohio>	Dayton (/ˈdeɪtən/ (listen)) is the sixth-largest city in the state of Ohio and the county seat of Montgomery County. A small part of the city extends into Greene County. The 2020 U.S. census estimate put the city population at 137,644, while Greater Dayton was estimated to be at 814,049 residents. The Combined Statistical Area (CSA) was 1,086,512. This makes Dayton the fourth-largest metropolitan area in Ohio and 73rd in the United States. Dayton is within Ohio's Miami Valley region, 50 miles (80 km) north of the Greater Cincinnati area.Ohio's borders are within 500 miles (800 km) of roughly 60 percent of the country's population and manufacturing infrastructure, making the Dayton area a logistical centroid for manufacturers, suppliers, and shippers. Dayton also hosts significant research and development in fields like industrial, aeronautical, and astronautical engineering that have led to many technological innovations. Much of this innovation is due in part to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base and its place in the community. With the decline of heavy manufacturing, Dayton's businesses have diversified into a service economy that includes insurance and legal sectors as well as healthcare and government sectors.
<Michael_Grätzel>	Michael Grätzel (born 11 May 1944, in Dorfchemnitz, Saxony, Germany) is a professor at the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne where he directs the Laboratory of Photonics and Interfaces. He pioneered research on energy and electron transfer reactions in mesoscopic-materials and their optoelectronic applications. He co-invented with Brian O'Regan the Grätzel cell in 1988.Graetzel is the author of over 1000 publications, two books and inventor or co-inventor of over 80 patents, he has been the Mary Upton Visiting Professor at Cornell University and a distinguished visiting professor at the National University of Singapore, and is currently a distinguished scientist at King Abdulaziz University. He was an invited professor at the University of California, Berkeley, the École normale supérieure Paris-Saclay and Delft University of Technology.In 1968 he graduated from Free University of Berlin, in 1971 he earned the Doctor of Philosophy in natural science at Technical University of Berlin. In 1976 he completed habilitation in physical chemistry at the Free University of Berlin. Since 1977 to the present day he is a professor at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology   in Lausanne, where he directs the Laboratory of Photonics and Interfaces. He worked as postdoctoral research fellow, lecturer, visiting professor at the Hahn-Meitner Institute, Free University of Berlin, University of California at Berkeley, Ecole Normale Supérieure de Cachan, Oil and Gas Research Fund, University of Notre Dame and other educational and research centers. In 1991, he published his breakthrough work in Nature magazine with regard to the new type of solar cells based on a three-dimensional array of tiny (mesoscopic) oxide semiconductor particles with wide band gap covered with an organic pigment that have brought the name of professor into repute and were named as Graetzel cells.Graetzel is the holder of 10 honorary doctorates in Universities of Asia and Europe: Denmark, Holland, China, Sweden, Singapore and other countries. He is the laureate of tens of prestigious scientific and engineering prizes, such as Grand Prix “Millennium Technology”, Medal of Faraday granted by British Royal Society, Gutenberg Prize, Albert Einstein Prize and others.
<Death_on_Credit>	Death on Credit (French: Mort à crédit, US translation: Death on the Installment Plan) is a novel by author Louis-Ferdinand Céline, published in 1936. The most common, and generally most respected English translation is Ralph Manheim's.In Death on Credit, Ferdinand Bardamu, former Céline alter ego in Journey to the End of the Night - of which it is a sort of prequel - is a doctor in Paris, treating the poor who seldom pay him but take every advantage of his availability. The action is not continuous but goes back in time to earlier memories and often moves into fantasy, especially in Ferdinand's sexual escapades; the style becomes deliberately rougher and sentences become terser to emulate everyday Parisian tragedies: struggles to make a living, illness, venereal disease, the stories of families whose destiny is governed by their own stupidity, malice, lust and greed.
<Thomas_Rothman>	Thomas Edgar Rothman (born November 21, 1954) is an American film executive and current chairman and CEO of Sony Pictures Motion Picture Group. In this role, Rothman oversees all of the studio's motion picture production and distribution activities worldwide, including Columbia Pictures, TriStar Pictures, Screen Gems, Sony Pictures Imageworks, Sony Pictures Animation, Sony Pictures Classics, 3000 Pictures, Sony Pictures International Productions, Stage 6 Films, AFFIRM Films. Rothman joined Sony Pictures in late-2013 as chairman of TriStar Productions and in 2015 was promoted to Chairman of Sony Pictures Motion Picture Group, followed by the release in 2017 and 2018 of titles such as Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle, Venom, Hotel Transylvania 3: Summer Vacation, Peter Rabbit, and Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse. Under Rothman's leadership, the Motion Picture Group was returned to strong profitability and experienced several of its most profitable years in history with Once Upon a Time in Hollywood and Little Women. Driven by tentpoles such as Spider-Man: Far From Home, Jumanji: The Next Level, and Bad Boys For Life, fiscal year 2020 (April 2019 through March 2020) was the film studio's best in over a decade in terms of both ultimate profitability and operating income.Previously, he was chairman and chief executive officer of Fox Filmed Entertainment with Jim Gianopulos until his resignation on September 14, 2012, effective January 1, 2013. Rothman began at Fox in 1994 as the founder and President of Fox Searchlight Pictures and served the company for 18 years. During Rothman's tenure, Fox films were nominated for over 150 Oscars and won three Best Picture Awards. The company also earned over $30 billion in the box office and made the then two  highest-grossing films, Titanic and Avatar. Rothman also hosted Fox Legacy, a television series in which he provided background and behind-the-scenes information regarding the making of films.Rothman was born in to a Jewish family in Baltimore, Maryland. In 1972, he graduated from the Park School of Baltimore prior to entering college. Rothman graduated from Brown University with Honors in English and American Literature, magna cum laude, Phi Beta Kappa, and was an All New England selection in Division 1 Lacrosse.
<CD_Toledo>	Club Deportivo Toledo, S.A.D. is a Spanish football team based in Toledo, in the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha. Founded in 1928 it plays in Tercera División RFEF – Group 18, holding home games at Estadio Salto del Caballo, with a seating capacity of 5,500 spectators. Home kits consist of green shirts and white shorts.Founded in 1928, Toledo played in regional football and the lower reaches of the national game until earning back-to-back promotions to make the Segunda División for the first time in 1993, under manager Gonzalo Hurtado. The team won a playoff group ahead of Deportivo Alavés, Real Jaén and UE Sant Andreu, and then came fourth in the second tier in 1993–94.
<Charles_R._Marshall>	Charles Richard Marshall is an Australian paleobiologist and the director of the University of California Museum of Paleontology, where he is also a professor in the department of Integrative Biology at the University of California, Berkeley.Marshall graduated with honours in Palaeontology, Mathematics, and Zoology from the Australian National University in 1984 (B.Sc., 1st Class Honours), and received his Ph.D. in Evolutionary Biology from the University of Chicago in 1989, with paleobiologist David M. Raup and cell biologist Hewson Swift as his advisors. He then did an NIH (NRSA) postdoc with evolutionary developmental biologist Rudy Raff at Indiana University from 1989 to 1991. He taught at UCLA from 1991 to 1999, except for the period of his Guggenheim Fellowship spent at the Smithsonian Institution, at Harvard from 1999 to 2009, where he was also a curator at the Museum of Comparative Zoology, and at UC Berkeley since 2010, for which period he has also been director of the UCMP, replacing interim director Roy L. Caldwell. He has been on the Board of Reviewing Editors for Science since 2009.
<Gary_Borrowdale>	Gareth Ian Borrowdale (born 16 July 1985) is an English footballer. A left-sided player, Borrowdale plays as a left-back. He has also been known to operate as a central defender.Borrowdale began his career at Crystal Palace, and made his debut aged 17, in December 2002. He gave a good performance and made a regular place for himself in the first team, quickly making the transition to first-team football and becoming a regular member of the first XI. At just age 21, he made his 100th appearance for Palace, and looked to have a big future, collecting the club's "Young Player of the Year" award to cap some strong performances in the 2006–07 season. However, this would be his last at Selhurst Park. With his contract expired, he opted to join former Palace boss Iain Dowie at Coventry City, for a tribunal fee of £650,000.
<Meniñ_Qazaqstanım>	The state anthem of the Republic of Kazakhstan, simply referred to in Kazakh as "Menıñ Qazaqstanym", became the national anthem of Kazakhstan on 7 January 2006, replacing the previous one since independence in 1991, which used the same melody as the anthem of the Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic.It is based on a homonymous patriotic song created by Kazakh composer Shamshi Kaldayakov and poet Jumeken Najimedenov in 1956. The original lyrics were modified in 2005 by the first president of Kazakhstan, Nursultan Nazarbayev, before the decree was issued.
<Helen_Allingham>	Helen Allingham RWS (née Paterson; 26 September 1848 – 28 September 1926) was a British watercolourist and illustrator of the Victorian era.Helen Mary Elizabeth Paterson was born on 26 September 1848, at Swadlincote in Derbyshire, the daughter of Alexander Henry Paterson, a medical doctor, and Mary Herford Paterson. Helen was the eldest of seven children. The year after her birth the family moved to Altrincham in Cheshire. In 1862 her father and her three-year-old sister Isabel died of diphtheria during an epidemic. The remaining family then moved to Birmingham, where some of Alexander Paterson's family lived.
<Breaking_the_Waves>	Breaking the Waves is a 1996 psychological drama film directed and co-written by Danish filmmaker Lars von Trier and starring English stage actress Emily Watson as her feature film acting debut. Set in the Scottish Highlands in the early 1970s, it is about an unusual young woman and of the love she has for her husband, who asks her to have sex with other men when he becomes immobilised from a work accident. The film is an international co-production between Denmark and other seven European countries, while the former's involvement as his first film led by von Trier under his Danish company Zentropa. It is the first film in Trier's Golden Heart Trilogy, which also includes The Idiots (1998) and Dancer in the Dark (2000).As von Trier's first film made after his founding of the Dogme 95 movement, it is heavily influenced by the movement's style and ethos, although the film breaks several of the rules laid out by the movement's manifesto. Breaking the Waves has been described as "perhaps von Trier's most widely acclaimed film", and has won numerous awards, including the Grand Prix at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival. The film was critically well-received, with Watson's unknowingly debut performance drawing widespread acclaim, earning her first nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress.
<Theresa_Hak_Kyung_Cha>	Theresa Hak Kyung Cha  (Korean: 차학경; March 4, 1951 – November 5, 1982) was an American novelist, producer, director, and artist of South Korean origin, best known for her 1982 novel, Dictee.  Considered an avant-garde artist, Cha was fluent in Korean, English, and French.  In her works, Cha took language apart and experimented with it. Cha's interdisciplinary background was clearly evident in Dictee, which experiments with juxtaposition and hypertext of both print and visual media. Cha's Dictee is taught in contemporary literature classes including women's literature.A week after her novel Dictee was published, Cha was raped and murdered by a security guard at the Puck Building in New York City, on November 5, 1982.Cha was born in Busan, South Korea during the Korean War. She was the middle child of five to Hyung Sang Cha (father) and Hyung Soon Cha (mother), who were both raised in Manchuria during Japan’s occupation of Korea and China, and forced to learn and work in Japanese.
<Fanny_Brice>	Fania Borach (October 29, 1891 – May 29, 1951), known professionally as Fanny Brice or Fannie Brice, was an American comedienne, illustrated song model, singer, and theater and film actress who made many stage, radio, and film appearances. She is known as the creator and star of the top-rated radio comedy series The Baby Snooks Show.She was famously portrayed by Barbra Streisand in the stage musical Funny Girl.
<Gimbels>	Gimbel Brothers (known simply as Gimbels) was an American department store corporation that operated for over a century, from 1842 until 1987. Gimbel patriarch Adam Gimbel opened his first store in Vincennes, Indiana, in 1842. In 1887, the company moved its operations to the Gimbel Brothers Department Store in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. It became a chain when it opened a second, larger store in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in 1894, moving its headquarters there. At the urging of future company president Bernard Gimbel, grandson of the founder, the company expanded to New York City in 1910.The company is known for creating the oldest Thanksgiving parade, the Gimbels Thanksgiving Day Parade, originating in 1920 in Philadelphia. Gimbels was also considered the chief rival of Macy's with their feud popularized in American culture. As of 1930, Gimbels had grown to 20 stores, whose sales revenue made it the largest department store chain in the world. The company expanded to a peak of 53 stores by 1965, and closed in 1987 with 35 stores in Pennsylvania, New York, New Jersey, Wisconsin, and Connecticut.
<Robert_Sobel>	Robert Sobel (February 19, 1931 – June 2, 1999) was an American professor of history at Hofstra University and a well-known and prolific writer of business histories.Sobel was born in the Bronx, in New York City, New York. He completed his B.S.S. (1951) and M.A. (1952) at City College of New York, and after serving in the U.S. Army, obtained a Ph.D. from New York University in 1957. He started teaching at Hofstra in 1956. Sobel eventually became Lawrence Stessin Distinguished Professor of Business History at Hofstra. After his death, the university established the Robert Sobel Endowed Scholarship for Excellence in Business History & Finance.
<The_Good_Wife>	The Good Wife is an American legal and political drama television series that aired on CBS from September 22, 2009, to May 8, 2016. It focuses on Alicia Florrick, the wife of the Cook County State's Attorney, who returns to her career in law after the events of a public sex and political corruption scandal involving her husband. The series was created by Robert and Michelle King and stars Julianna Margulies, Josh Charles, Christine Baranski, Matt Czuchry, Archie Panjabi, Zach Grenier, Matthew Goode, Cush Jumbo, Jeffrey Dean Morgan and Alan Cumming, and features Chris Noth in a recurring role. The executive producers included the Kings, Ridley and Tony Scott, Charles McDougall, and David W. Zucker. The Good Wife is a serialized show featuring several story arcs that play out over multiple episodes, as well as stand-alone storylines that are concluded by the end of each episode. The serial plots—a rarity on CBS, a network where most of the programming at that time was procedural—were especially showcased in its highly praised fifth season.The Good Wife was acclaimed during its run and considered by several critics to be network television's "last great drama". It won numerous awards, including five Emmys and the 2014 Television Critics Association Award for Outstanding Achievement in Drama. The performances of the show's cast have been particularly recognized, with Julianna Margulies, Archie Panjabi, Christine Baranski, and Josh Charles each receiving widespread acclaim. The show was also lauded for its insight on social media and the internet in society, politics, and law. It received recognition for producing full 22-episode seasons while other similarly acclaimed dramas often produce only 6 to 13 episodes per season. CBS announced on February 7, 2016, that the show was ending with its seventh season. The final episode aired on May 8, 2016. A spinoff titled The Good Fight, centered around Baranski's character Diane Lockhart and Cush Jumbo's Lucca Quinn, also starring Rose Leslie and Delroy Lindo, premiered in February 2017.
<Democratic_Party_(Italy)>	The Democratic Party (Italian: Partito Democratico, PD) is a social-democratic political party in Italy. The party's secretary is Enrico Letta, who was elected by the national assembly in March 2021, after the resignation of the former leader Nicola Zingaretti, while its president is Valentina Cuppi.The PD was established in 2007 upon the merger of various centre-left parties which had been part of The Olive Tree list in the 2006 general election, mainly the social-democratic Democrats of the Left (DS), successor of the Italian Communist Party and the Democratic Party of the Left, which was folded with several social-democratic parties (Labour Federation and Social Christians, among others) in 1998, as well as the largely Catholic-inspired Democracy is Freedom – The Daisy (DL), a merger of the Italian People's Party (heir of the Christian Democracy party's left wing), The Democrats and Italian Renewal in 2002. While the party has also been influenced by social liberalism and Third Way progressivism, especially under Matteo Renzi's leadership, the PD's main ideological trends are social democracy and the Christian leftist tradition.
<KUOK-CA>	KUOK-CA, VHF analog channel 11, was a low-powered television station licensed to Norman, Oklahoma, United States. The station was owned by Equity Broadcasting.The station first signed on the air in 1997 as KDSA-LP, carrying programming from The Worship Network, which had already broadcast on KMNZ (channel 62, now KOPX-TV) before and after that station became the market's Pax TV (now Ion Television) owned-and-operated station. In 2000, KDSA affiliated with religious broadcaster Daystar. After the affiliation switch to Univision was announced, Daystar programming was moved to upstart O&O station KOCM (channel 46) in December 2003. In the summer of 2004, the station requested to the Federal Communications Commission to have its call letters changed to KUOK-CA, which was made official that fall.The station became a Univision affiliate on May 8, 2004, as part of a six-station bi-state network then known as "Univision Arkansas-Oklahoma" which also included KUOK (channel 36, to which KUOK-CA served as a translator) and the three other low-power stations that also Equity acquired to become its translators (K69EK (channel 69, later KWDW-LP, KUOK-LP, KOCY-LP, and now KOCY-LD on channel 48), KCHM-LP (channel 36, now KUOK-CD), and Sulphur-based KOKT-LP (channel 20)), originally relayed Univision programming across Oklahoma via a direct simulcast from then-sister station KLRA-LP (now KKYK-CD) in Little Rock, Arkansas. In March 2005, KUOK – though still programmed via satellite from Equity's headquarters in Little Rock – discontinued the KLRA-LP simulcast, with it and its translators began carrying advertising for businesses within the Oklahoma City market and separate station promotions.
<Isamu_Akasaki>	Isamu Akasaki (赤﨑 勇, Akasaki Isamu, January 30, 1929 – April 1, 2021) was a Japanese engineer and physicist, specializing in the field of semiconductor technology and Nobel Prize laureate, best known for inventing the bright gallium nitride (GaN) p-n junction blue LED in 1989 and subsequently the high-brightness GaN blue LED as well.For this and other achievements, Akasaki was awarded the Kyoto Prize in Advanced Technology in 2009, and the IEEE Edison Medal in 2011. He was also awarded the 2014 Nobel prize in Physics, together with Hiroshi Amano and Shuji Nakamura, "for the invention of efficient blue light-emitting diodes, which has enabled bright and energy-saving white light sources". In 2021, Akasaki, along with Shuji Nakamura, Nick Holonyak, M. George Craford and Russell D. Dupuis were awarded the Queen Elizabeth Prize for Engineering "for the creation and development of LED lighting, which forms the basis of all solid state lighting technology".He was born in Chiran, Kagoshima Prefecture and raised in Kagoshima City. His elder brother is Masanori Akazaki [ja] who was an electronic engineering researcher and a Professor Emeritus at Kyushu University. (Their surname "赤﨑" is also pronounced Akazaki.)
<Juanlu_(footballer,_born_1972)>	Juan Luis Bernal Cuéllar (born 7 November 1972), commonly known as Juanlu, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender, and is the assistant coach of Recreativo de Huelva.
<Jim_Hadley>	James William Hadley (12 June 1893 – 16 July 1971) was an Australian politician. Born in Brisbane, he received a primary education before becoming a timber worker, after which he worked with the railways. He was also an organiser with the Australian Workers' Union. In 1943, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for Lilley, defeating the sitting United Australia Party member, William Jolly. He held the seat until his defeat by the Liberal candidate in 1949. In 1956, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the member for Nundah, but he was defeated the following year, having defected to the Queensland Labor Party. Hadley died in 1971 and was buried in Nudgee Cemetery.
<Ephraim_Kishon>	Ephraim Kishon (Hebrew: אפרים קישון: August 23, 1924 – January 29, 2005) was a Hungarian-born Israeli author, dramatist, screenwriter, and Oscar-nominated film director. He was one of the most widely read contemporary satirists in Israel, and was also particularly popular in German-speaking countries.Ephraim Kishon was born on August 23, 1924 by the name of Ferenc Hoffmann into a middle-class Jewish family in Budapest, Hungary. In his youth he knew neither Hebrew nor Yiddish. His father worked as a bank manager and his mother was a former secretary. Kishon also had a sister who was a writer.His writing talent became evident in his youth. In 1940 he won his first prize for writing a novel for high school students. Due to the racial laws applied in Hungary during World War II, he was not allowed to continue his studies at the university and therefore he began to study jewelry making in 1942.
<Walter_Foxcroft_Hawkins>	Walter Foxcroft Hawkins (July 12, 1863 – December 28, 1922) was an American attorney and local political figure who, from 1896 to 1897, served as  mayor of Pittsfield, the largest city and county seat of Massachusetts' Berkshire County.A native of Pittsfield, Hawkins was the son of William T. Hawkins and his wife Harriet E. Foxcroft.  He received his A.B. from Williams College  in 1884 and his L.L.B. from Columbia Law School in 1886.  Following his bar exams, he opened a law firm in his hometown and, on October 7, 1891, married Helen A. Rich.  Following his 1896–97 term as mayor, he continued with his law practice and also served as vice president of Berkshire Life Insurance Company.  At the age of 59, he committed suicide at his law office in Pittsfield by shooting himself through the heart with a revolver.
<Shamrock_Rovers_F.C.>	Shamrock Rovers Football Club (Irish: Cumann Peile Ruagairí na Seamróige) is an Irish association football club based in Tallaght, South Dublin. The club's senior team competes in the League of Ireland Premier Division and it is the most successful club in the Republic of Ireland. The club has won the League of Ireland title a record 20 times and the FAI Cup a record 25 times. Shamrock Rovers have supplied more players to the Republic of Ireland national football team (64) than any other club. In All-Ireland competitions, such as the Intercity Cup, they hold the record for winning the most titles, having won seven cups overall.Shamrock Rovers were founded in Ringsend, Dublin. The official date of the club's foundation is 1899. They won the League title at the first attempt in the 1922–23 season and established themselves as Republic of Ireland most successful club by 1949, winning 44 major trophies. During the 1950s, the club won three League titles and two FAI Cups and became the first Irish team to compete in European competition, playing in the European Cup in 1957.
<Royal_Gold_Medal>	The Royal Gold Medal for architecture is awarded annually by the Royal Institute of British Architects on behalf of the British monarch, in recognition of an individual's or group's substantial contribution to international architecture. It is given for a distinguished body of work rather than for one building, and is therefore not awarded for merely being currently fashionable.The medal was first awarded in 1848 to Charles Robert Cockerell, and its second recipient was the Italian Luigi Canina in 1849. The winners include some of the most influential architects of the 19th and 20th centuries, including Eugène Viollet-le-Duc (1864), Frank Lloyd Wright (1941), Le Corbusier (1953), Walter Gropius (1956), Ludwig Mies van der Rohe (1959) and Buckminster Fuller (1968). Candidates of all nationalities are eligible to receive the award.
<Olivia_Brown>	Olivia Margarette Brown (born April 10, 1960) is an American actress, best-known for her role as detective Trudy Joplin in the NBC crime drama series Miami Vice (1984–1989).Brown was born in Frankfurt, West Germany, and raised in Livonia, Michigan. Her family eventually moved to California, where she graduated from Santa Monica High School.Brown made her big screen debut appearing in an supporting role in the 1982 action comedy film 48 Hrs. She later appeared in Streets of Fire (1984), Throw Momma from the Train (1987), Identity Crisis (1989), Man's Best Friend (1993) and All Tied Up (1994). From 1984 to 1989, she starred as Detective Trudy Joplin in the NBC crime drama series Miami Vice.
<Leiden>	Leiden (Dutch: [ˈlɛidə(n)] (listen); in English and archaic Dutch also Leyden) is a city and municipality in the province of South Holland, Netherlands. The municipality of Leiden has a population of 119,713, but the city forms one densely connected agglomeration with its suburbs Oegstgeest, Leiderdorp, Voorschoten and Zoeterwoude with 206,647 inhabitants. The Netherlands Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) further includes Katwijk in the agglomeration which makes the total population of the Leiden urban agglomeration 270,879, and in the larger Leiden urban area also Teylingen, Noordwijk, and Noordwijkerhout are included with in total 348,868 inhabitants. Leiden is located on the Oude Rijn, at a distance of some 20 km (12 mi) from The Hague to its south and some 40 km (25 mi) from Amsterdam to its north. The recreational area of the Kaag Lakes (Kagerplassen) lies just to the northeast of Leiden.A university city since 1575, Leiden has been one of Europe's most prominent scientific centres for more than four centuries. Leiden is a typical university city, university buildings are scattered throughout the city and the many students from all over the world give the city a bustling, vivid and international atmosphere. Many important scientific discoveries have been made here, giving rise to Leiden's motto: ‘City of Discoveries’. The city houses Leiden University, the oldest university of the Netherlands, and Leiden University Medical Center. Leiden University is one of Europe's top universities, with thirteen Nobel Prize winners. It is a member of the League of European Research Universities and positioned highly in all international academic rankings. It is twinned with Oxford, the location of the United Kingdom's oldest university. Leiden University and Leiden University of Applied Sciences (Leidse Hogeschool) together have around 35,000 students. Modern scientific medical research and teaching started in the early 18th century in Leiden with Boerhaave.
<Newcastle_upon_Tyne>	Newcastle upon Tyne (RP: /ˈnjuːkɑːsəl/ NEW-kah-səl, locally /njuːˈkæsəl/ (listen) new-KASS-əl), or simply Newcastle, is a city and metropolitan borough in Tyne and Wear, England. The city is located on the River Tyne's northern bank and forms the largest part of the Tyneside built-up area. Newcastle is also the most populous city of North East England. Newcastle developed around a Roman settlement called Pons Aelius and the settlement later took the name of a castle built in 1080 by William the Conqueror's eldest son, Robert Curthose. 
<Allan_Dwan>	Allan Dwan (born Joseph Aloysius Dwan; April 3, 1885 – December 28, 1981) was a pioneering Canadian-born American motion picture director, producer, and screenwriter.Born Joseph Aloysius Dwan in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, Dwan, was the younger son of commercial traveler of woolen clothing Joseph Michael Dwan (1857–1917) and his wife Mary Jane Dwan, née Hunt. The family moved to the United States when he was seven years old on December 4, 1892 by ferry from Windsor to Detroit, according to his naturalization petition of August 1939. His elder brother, Leo Garnet Dwan (1883–1964), became a physician.
<My_Name_Is_Aram>	My Name is Aram is a book of short stories by William Saroyan first published in 1940. The stories detail the exploits of  Aram Garoghlanian, a boy of Armenian descent growing up in Fresno, California, and the various members of his large family.  This book is assigned reading in some schools.The book resembles a novel in that the stories all have Aram as a hero, are written in the same style, and are placed in a roughly chronological order.  The first story takes place when Aram is 9 years old, the last when he is a young man leaving his hometown for the first time. Each story has Aram interacting with a different member of his large family or with other people in Fresno.In the first story, "The Summer of the Beautiful White Horse," Aram and his crazy Cousin Mourad "borrow" their neighbor's horse. In the second, Aram accompanies his lazy but musical zither-playing Uncle Jorgi on "The Journey to Hanford," where Jorgi is supposed to find work as a day laborer. This story also features Aram's grandfather, supposedly the head of the family, but actually easily opposed by the old man's bickering wife.  In the third tale, "The Pomegranate Trees," Aram helps his Uncle Melik in a poetic but ill-fated plan to grow a pomegranate orchard in the desert.  "One of our Future Poets, You Might Say" is a story about Aram's physical check-up at his elementary school.  In "The Fifty-Yard Dash," Aram looks to Lionel Strongfort bodybuilding ads, while Uncle Gyko dabbles in Eastern religions.
<Joseph_Ward>	Sir Joseph George Ward, 1st Baronet, GCMG, PC (26 April 1856 – 8 July 1930) was a New Zealand politician who served as the 17th prime minister of New Zealand from 1906 to 1912 and from 1928 to 1930. He was a dominant figure in the Liberal and United ministries of the late 19th and early 20th centuries.Ward was born into an Irish Catholic family in Melbourne, Victoria. In 1863, financial hardship forced his family to move to New Zealand, where he completed his education. Ward established a successful grain trade in Invercargill in 1877 and soon became prominent in local politics. He became a Member of Parliament in 1887. Following the election of the Liberal Government in 1891, Ward was appointed as Postmaster-General under John Ballance; he was promoted to Minister of Finance in the succeeding ministry of Richard Seddon.
<Masahiro_Tanaka>	MLBMasahiro Tanaka (田中 将大, Tanaka Masahiro, born November 1, 1988) is a Japanese professional baseball player for the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles of the Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB). From 2007 through 2013, he played for the Eagles in NPB. Tanaka was posted by the Eagles after the 2013 season to be signed with the New York Yankees in Major League Baseball (MLB) and signed a seven-year, $155 million contract, the fifth-largest deal ever given to a pitcher at the time. He made his major league debut in 2014 and played for the Yankees through the 2020 season, before deciding to return to Japan.
<VfL_Wolfsburg>	Verein für Leibesübungen Wolfsburg e. V., commonly known as VfL Wolfsburg (pronounced [ˌfaʊ ʔɛf ʔɛl ˈvɔlfsbʊɐ̯k]) or Wolfsburg, is a German professional sports club based in Wolfsburg, Lower Saxony. The club grew out of a multi-sports club for Volkswagen workers in the city of Wolfsburg. It is best known for its football department, but other departments include badminton, handball and athletics.The men's professional football team play in the Bundesliga, the top tier of the German football league system. Wolfsburg have won the Bundesliga once in their history, in the 2008–09 season, the DFB-Pokal in 2015 and the DFL-Supercup in 2015.
<A_Wild_Sheep_Chase>	A Wild Sheep Chase (羊をめぐる冒険, Hitsuji o meguru bōken) (literally An Adventure Concerning Sheep) is the third novel by Japanese author Haruki Murakami. First published in Japan in 1982, it was translated into English in 1989. It is an independent sequel to Pinball, 1973, and the third book in the so-called "Trilogy of the Rat". It won the 1982 Noma Literary Newcomer's Prize.While the original story of A Wild Sheep Chase was set in the 1970s, translator Alfred Birnbaum and Kodansha editor Elmer Luke wanted a story that was more contemporary and also appealed to American readers. In the novel, Murakami blends elements of American and English literature with Japanese contexts, exploring post-WWII Japanese cultural identity. The book is part mystery and part magical realism with a postmodern twist.A Wild Sheep Chase has been defined as a parody or a renewal of Yukio Mishima's Natsuko no Bōken (夏子の冒険, Natsuko's Adventure).
<ÖVB_Arena>	ÖVB Arena (originally Stadthalle Bremen, formerly Bremen-Arena and AWD-Dome) is the largest indoor arena in Bremen, Germany. It is used for concerts, sports and trade fairs.The arena was designed and built by the Austrian architect Roland Rainer in the years 1961 to 1964.It used to be called Stadthalle Bremen until the financial services provider Allgemeiner Wirtschaftsdienst (AWD) bought the naming rights in January 2005. Contrary to what the new name suggests, the AWD-Dome is in fact not a dome. The name "Dome" was probably chosen because an AWD-Arena already exists in Hannover. At the same time €50 million  were invested into the venue to modernize and expand it from 3,500 to 14,500 seats. The architect Thomas Klumpp led these renovations. When AWD withdrew its sponsorship at the end of 2009, the venue was renamed to Bremen-Arena, effective 1 January 2010. On 11 September 2011, the arena became known as the ÖVB Arena.
<Rome>	Caput Mundi (Latin)The Capital of the worldRome (Italian and Latin: Roma [ˈroːma] (listen)) is the capital city of Italy. It is also the capital of the Lazio region, the centre of the Metropolitan City of Rome, and a special comune named Comune di Roma Capitale. With 2,860,009 residents in 1,285 km2 (496.1 sq mi), Rome is the country's most populated comune and the third most populous city in the European Union by population within city limits. The Metropolitan City of Rome, with a population of 4,355,725 residents, is the most populous metropolitan city in Italy. Its metropolitan area is the third-most populous within Italy. Rome is located in the central-western portion of the Italian Peninsula, within Lazio (Latium), along the shores of the Tiber. Vatican City (the smallest country in the world) is an independent country inside the city boundaries of Rome, the only existing example of a country within a city. Rome is often referred to as the City of Seven Hills due to its geographic location, and also as the "Eternal City". Rome is generally considered to be the "cradle of Western civilization and Christian culture", and the centre of the Catholic Church.
<Heinrich_Böschen>	Heinrich Böschen (born 27 October 1887; presumed to have died following disappearance on 31 December 1945) was a German Communist politician and trades unionist.During the Nazi period he was detained by the state: by the end of the war he and disappeared.   In the continuing absence of information on what had happened to him, 1959 it was deemed for the administrative convenience of government authorities that he had died, officially on 31 December 1945.Böschen trained to follow his father into the building trade and in 1906 joined the Building Workers' League of the Free Trade Unions.   He also joined the left-wing SPD party.   War broke out in 1914 and in 1917 the SPD split in two, primarily over the issue of continuing support for the war.   Böschen went with the Independent Social Democratic Party (USPD /  Unabhängige Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands).   The political left in Germany continued to fracture during the revolutionary year that followed military defeat.   In October 1920 Böschen was a USPD delegate at the Danzig meeting which resulted in his party's left wing majority merging itself into the German Communist Party (KPD).
<Nippon_Professional_Baseball_Rookie_of_the_Year_Award>	The Nippon Professional Baseball Rookie of the Year Award is given to one player in each league of Central League and Pacific League.
<Toshiyuki_Hosokawa>	Toshiyuki Hosokawa (細川 俊之, Hosokawa Toshiyuki, December 15, 1940 – January 14, 2011) was a Japanese actor and disc jockey, whose credits included roles in television, film, stage and musical theater. He reached prominence in Japan for his starring role in the 1970 film Eros Plus Massacre, which was directed by Yoshishige Yoshida.Hosokawa was born and raised in Fukuoka Prefecture. He launched his acting career as a member of the theater company, Bungakuza, in 1964. He joined Bungakuza after leaving his university. He soon co-starred with actress, Nana Kinomi, in the musical, Show Girl. Additionally, Hosokawa served as a professor at Osaka University of Arts beginning in 2004.Hosokawa accidentally fell and suffered head injuries at his home on January 12, 2011. He died of subdural hematoma at a hospital in Tokyo, Japan, on January 14, 2011, at the age of 70.
<Intruder_(play)>	Intruder (French: L'Intruse) is a one-act play by Belgian playwright Maurice Maeterlinck, which appeared first in publication in 1890. Journalistic appreciations of the text throughout that year prompted Parisian independent theatre producers to get the performance rights. From its stage debut the following spring, it became identified as a landmark work in the Symbolism movement of the late-nineteenth century.Intruder concerns man's conflict with preternatural forces, against which he is powerless. The same theme was prevalent in Maeterlinck's earlier play, Princess Maleine, published 1889.The play is dedicated to Edmond Picard.
<Serbia_national_under-17_football_team>	The Serbia national under-17 football team represents Serbia in international football at this age level and is controlled by the Football Association of Serbia, the governing body for football in Serbia.*Denotes draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
<Ny_Carlsberg_Glyptotek>	The Ny Carlsberg Glyptotek ("ny" means "new" in Danish; "Glyptotek" comes from the Greek root glyphein, to carve, and theke, storing place), commonly known simply as Glyptoteket, is an art museum in Copenhagen, Denmark. The collection represents the private art collection of Carl Jacobsen (1842–1914), the son of the founder of the Carlsberg Breweries.Primarily a sculpture museum, as indicated by the name, the focal point of the museum is antique sculpture from the ancient cultures around the Mediterranean, including Egypt, Rome and Greece, as well as more modern sculptures such as a collection of Auguste Rodin's works, considered to be the most important outside France[verification needed]. However, the museum is equally noted for its collection of paintings that includes an extensive collection of French impressionists and Post-impressionists as well as Danish Golden Age paintings.The French Collection includes works by painters such as Jacques-Louis David, Monet, Pissarro, Renoir, Degas and Cézanne, as well as those by Post-impressionists such as van Gogh, Toulouse-Lautrec and Bonnard. The museum's collection includes all the bronze sculptures of Degas, including the series of dancers. Numerous works by Norwegian-Danish sculptor Stephan Sinding are featured prominently in various sections of the museum.
<No_Way_Out_(1950_film)>	No Way Out is a 1950 American film noir directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz, and starring Richard Widmark, Linda Darnell, Sidney Poitier and Stephen McNally, who portrays a doctor tending to slum residents whose ethics are tested when confronted with racism, personified by Widmark as the hateful robber Ray Biddle.No Way Out was controversial in its “graphic representation of racial violence” in what director Mankiewicz termed “the absolute blood and guts of Negro hating.” The film marked the feature acting debuts of Poitier and Mildred Joanne Smith. Mankiewicz and Lesser Samuels were also nominated for Best Story and Screenplay at the 23rd Academy Awards, losing to Charles Brackett, Billy Wilder, and D. M. Marshman Jr. for Sunset Boulevard.Dr. Luther Brooks is the first African American doctor at the urban county hospital where he trained. Despite assurances from his mentor, chief resident Dr. Dan Wharton, Brooks sometimes lacks confidence in his own skills. Brooks is working at the hospital's prison ward when Johnny and Ray Biddle, brothers who were both shot in the leg while attempting a robbery, are brought in for treatment. Johnny's symptoms, such as disorientation and dilated pupils, worry Luther. The bigoted Ray bombards Luther with racist slurs as he tries to treat them.
<Radio_Waitaki>	Radio Waitaki was a radio station in Oamaru, New Zealand.Radio Waitaki began broadcasting on 1395AM on 5 July 1980, with the late John "JR" Ramsay behind the microphone. The station was originally a commercial station operated by the government owned Radio New Zealand and used the callsign 4ZW.
<Marilyn_Quayle>	Marilyn Tucker Quayle (born July 29, 1949) is an American lawyer and novelist. She is the wife of the 44th vice president of the United States, Dan Quayle, and served as the second lady of the United States from 1989 until 1993.Marilyn Tucker was born in the Meridian-Kessler area of Indianapolis, Indiana, to Mary Alice (née Craig, d. 1975) and Warren Samuel Tucker (d. 2004). The fourth of six children, she has three sisters (Nancy, Sally, and Janet) and two brothers (James and William). Her parents were both doctors. Her maternal grandfather was born in Maybole, Scotland. She had a strict Christian upbringing. The Tuckers were longtime admirers of Colonel Robert B. Thieme, Jr., the founder and former pastor of Berachah Church in Houston. Years later, when media attention focused on her family's religious beliefs, Marilyn Quayle said in an NBC interview: "I grew up with my mother listening to (Thieme's) tapes. ... I have never listened to him on social issues. I didn't even know that he espoused any." She does defend his biblical teachings.
<Susan_B._Horwitz>	Susan Beth Horwitz (January 6, 1955 – June 11, 2014) was an American computer scientist noted for her research on  programming languages and  software engineering, and in particular on program slicing and dataflow-analysis. She had several best paper and an impact paper award mentioned below under awards.She was an award-winning teacher at her institution and was the founder of Peer Led Team Learning for Computer Science (PLTLCS), creating the Wisconsin Emerging Scholars-Computer Science (WES-CS) program. She took the lead for an NSF ITWF Grant 0420343 that was a collaboration between eight schools doing PLTLCS, including the University of Wisconsin–Madison with Horwitz, Duke University, Georgia Tech, Rutgers University, University of Wisconsin at Milwaukee, Purdue University, Beloit College, and Loyola College. They published a paper in 2009 that showed that active recruiting combined with peer-led team learning is an effective approach to attracting and retaining under-represented students in an introductory Computer Science class. She was also noted for her leadership in computing in high schools. She was a member of the Educational Testing Services Advanced Placement Computer Science Test Development Committee for ten years from 1987 to 1997, including chairing the committee for five years from 1992 to 1997 at a time when the programming language for the exam changed from Pascal to C++.[citation needed]Horwitz received an A.B. magna cum laude in Ethnomusicology from Wesleyan University in 1977,   a M.S. in Computer Science from Cornell University in 1982 and a Ph.D in Computer Science from Cornell University in 1985. She joined the Department of Computer Science at the University of Wisconsin in Madison as an assistant professor in 1985. She was promoted to associate professor in 1991, and to professor in 1996. She was associate chair from 2004 to 2007. She became an emeritus professor in 2014.
<Black_Caesar_(film)>	Black Caesar (released theatrically in the UK as Godfather of Harlem) is a 1973 American blaxploitation crime drama film written and directed by Larry Cohen and starring Fred Williamson, Gloria Hendry and Julius Harris. It features a musical score (Black Caesar) by James Brown (with heavy input from his bandleader Fred Wesley), his first experience with writing music for film. A sequel titled Hell Up in Harlem was released in late 1973.Tommy Gibbs (Fred Williamson) is an African-American who grew up in Harlem, New York City. As a kid, he was brutally assaulted by a cop named McKinney. The incident led him to a life of crime. As an adult, he joins the New York mafia and becomes the head of a black crime syndicate in Harlem. He wages a gang war with the Italian mobsters of New York City and begins to establish a criminal empire, keeping a ledger book of all his dealings as leverage over his business associates, including McKinney.He meets and falls in love with a singer named Helen (Gloria Hendry) and marries her. She is unhappy as he is violent and rapes her. Eventually his enemies conspire with her, leading to an attempt on his life that leaves him shot and wounded. Killing his would-be assassins, he returns to his office to retrieve the ledger book. McKinney meets him there and attempts to humiliate him before killing him. Tommy overpowers McKinney and beats him to death. Retrieving the ledger, a badly wounded Tommy returns to the house where he grew up, but a street gang attacks, robs and, presumably, kills him.
<Jeremy_Slate>	Jeremy Slate (born Robert Bullard Perham; February 17, 1926 – November 19, 2006) was an American film and television actor, and  songwriter.  He is best known for Larry Lahr in The Aquanauts (1960–1961), Chuck Wilson in One Life to Live (1979–1987) and as Deputy Sheriff Ben Latta in The Sons of Katie Elder (1965).He attended a military academy and joined the United States Navy when he was sixteen. He was barely eighteen when his destroyer assisted in the Normandy Invasion on D-Day (June 6, 1944). After the war he attended St. Lawrence University in Canton, New York, where he graduated with honors in English. He was also president of the student body, a member of the honor society, editor of the college literary magazine, a football player, and the backfield coach of the only undefeated team in the history of the university. He was a campus radio personality who married the queen of his fraternity's ball during his senior year. After graduation he became a radio sportscaster and DJ for several CBS and ABC affiliates while beginning a family that included three sons and one daughter but ultimately this marriage ended in divorce. Several years thereafter, he had a second daughter.For six years, Slate had a promising career with W. R. Grace and Co. as a public relations executive and travel manager for company president J. Peter Grace. He then joined Grace Steamship Lines and moved with his family to Lima, Peru. There he joined a professional theatre group, became involved with a production of "The Rainmaker" and was awarded the Tiahuanacothe, the Peruvian equivalent of the Tony Award, for his portrayal of the character Starbuck. After a year of training, he left W. R. Grace to pursue a theatrical career.
<Ray_Galton>	Raymond Percy Galton OBE (17 July 1930 – 5 October 2018) was an English radio and television scriptwriter, best known for the Galton and Simpson comedy writing partnership with Alan Simpson. Together they devised and wrote 1950s and 60s BBC sitcoms  including  Hancock's Half Hour (1954–1961), the first two series' of Comedy Playhouse (1961–1963), and Steptoe and Son (1962–1974).Galton was born in Paddington, West London, and after leaving school he worked for the Transport and General Workers Union. He contracted tuberculosis aged 18 in 1948 and was admitted to Milford Sanatorium near Godalming in Surrey, where he met fellow patient Alan Simpson.
<Hans_Grundig>	Hans Grundig (February 19, 1901 – September 11, 1958) was a German painter and graphic artist associated with the New Objectivity movement.He was born in Dresden and, after an apprenticeship as an interior decorator, studied in 1920–1921 at the Dresden School of Arts and Crafts. He then studied at the Dresden Academy from 1922 to 1923. During the 1920s his paintings, primarily portraits of working-class subjects, were influenced by the work of Otto Dix. Like his friend Gert Heinrich Wollheim, he often depicted himself in a theatrical manner, as in his Self-Portrait during the Carnival Season (1930).
<Francis_Birch_(geophysicist)>	Francis Birch (August 22, 1903 – January 30, 1992) was an American geophysicist. He is considered one of the founders of solid Earth geophysics. He is also known for his part in the atomic bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.During World War II, Birch participated in the Manhattan Project, working on the design and development of the gun-type nuclear weapon known as Little Boy. He oversaw its manufacture, and went to Tinian to supervise its assembly and loading into Enola Gay, the Boeing B-29 Superfortress tasked with dropping the bomb.
<Joseph_Dalton_Hooker>	Sir Joseph Dalton Hooker OM GCSI CB PRS (30 June 1817 – 10 December 1911) was a British botanist and explorer in the 19th century. He was a founder of geographical botany and Charles Darwin's closest friend. For twenty years he served as director of the Royal Botanical Gardens, Kew, succeeding his father, William Jackson Hooker, and was awarded the highest honours of British science.Hooker was born in Halesworth, Suffolk, England. He was the second son of the famous botanist Sir William Jackson Hooker, Regius Professor of Botany, and Maria Sarah Turner, eldest daughter of the banker Dawson Turner and sister-in-law of Francis Palgrave. From age seven, Hooker attended his father's lectures at Glasgow University, taking an early interest in plant distribution and the voyages of explorers like Captain James Cook. He was educated at the Glasgow High School and went on to study medicine at Glasgow University, graduating M.D. in 1839. This degree qualified him for employment in the Naval Medical Service: he joined the renowned polar explorer Captain James Clark Ross's Antarctic expedition to the South Magnetic Pole after receiving a commission as Assistant-Surgeon on HMS Erebus. On this expedition, Hooker was granted full access to the private library of Richard Clement Moody, then Governor of the Falkland Islands: Hooker described the library as 'excellent', and developed a close friendship with Moody.
<William_Hawks>	William Bellinger Hawks (January 29, 1901 – January 10, 1969) was an American film producer.Hawks attended Yale University, where he was a member of Scroll and Key and graduated in 1923. In his early career, Hawks was a stockbroker. By the early 1930s, Hawks was a Hollywood talent agent and, as such, brought novelist William Faulkner to his brother Howard Hawks' attention in 1932, becoming Faulkner's Hollywood agent.
<Hannah_Waterman>	Hannah Elizabeth Waterman (born 22 July 1975) is an English actress. She is best known for her portrayal of Laura Beale in the BBC soap opera EastEnders (2000–2004).Waterman was born on 22 July 1975 in London to actor Dennis Waterman and actress Patricia Maynard. She attended Norwich High School for Girls and Saint Felix School, Southwold and Putney High School. She is also a graduate of the University of Warwick.
<Toi_gold_mine>	The Toi gold mine (土肥鉱山, also 土肥金山, Toi kinzan) was an important gold mine during the Edo period in Japan, located within what is now part of the city of Izu, Shizuoka Prefecture in the middle of the Izu Peninsula. It remained in operation to the mid-twentieth century.Small-scale gold mining is said to have started at Toi around 1370 during the period of the Ashikaga shogunate. The gold mine was operated on a large scale from the time of Tokugawa Ieyasu in the late 16th century. Several mines were open in 1577, but Tokugawa Ieyasu endeavored to their development from 1601. He put the exploitation of the mine under the responsibility of a Kinzan Bugyō selected from the Ōkubo clan.Toi was one of around 60 goldmines located in the Izu Peninsula, including Yugashima or [[Nawaji,  The gold and silver produced by these mines permitted the production of Tokugawa coinage, and allowed for the prosperity of the Tokugawa. The village of Toi itself became highly prosperous, with numerous trades flooding in to service the workers and the administration at the gold mine, so that Toi became known as "Toi Sengen" (土肥千軒, "Toi of the 1,000 shops").
<Dolores_Hope>	Dolores Hope, DC*SG (née DeFina; May 27, 1909 – September 19, 2011) was an American singer, entertainer, philanthropist, and wife/widow of American actor and comedian Bob Hope.She was born Dolores L. DeFina on May 27, 1909, in Manhattan's Harlem neighborhood of Italian and Irish descent, and was raised in the Bronx. After the death of her bartender father, Jack DeFina, in 1925,  her younger sister, Mildred (1911-2014), and she were raised in the Bronx by their mother, Theresa DeFina (1890–1977), who worked as a saleslady in a drygoods store.
<WSUN-TV>	WSUN-TV, UHF analog channel 38, was a television station located in St. Petersburg, Florida, United States. Operating from 1953 to 1970, it was the first television station in the Tampa/St. Petersburg television market.The station first signed on with a test pattern on May 3, 1953, with regular operations beginning on May 5. It was owned by the city of St. Petersburg, along with WSUN radio (620 AM, now WTWD at 910 AM). It was one of the first UHF television stations in the country. WSUN-TV's studios were located on the first floor of the St. Petersburg Pier, overlooking Tampa Bay. The facility was relatively small – measuring only 35 feet long and 46 feet wide – and had once been a trolley turnaround. This made the production of local programs rather difficult.The station was originally operated as an independent station, although it held secondary affiliations with all four major networks of the time – CBS, NBC, ABC and DuMont—in part because microwave links for network programming only went as far as Tampa. During its first year of operation, channel 38 relied on film and kinescopes for prime time programming. Later in the fall of 1953, however, the area's main telephone provider, Peninsular Telephone (later owned by GTE), provided WSUN-TV with a private microwave link in time for the World Series, making it the first television station in the country to receive live programming via microwave relay. The station quickly secured a primary affiliation with CBS, while continuing to cherry-pick programming from NBC, ABC and DuMont. During the late 1950s, the station was also briefly affiliated with the NTA Film Network.
<Shameless_(UK_TV_series)>	Shameless is a British comedy drama television programme created and executive produced by Paul Abbott. Set in Manchester on the fictional Chatsworth council estate, the show revolves around the dysfunctional working-class Gallagher family (Frank, Fiona, Lip, Ian, Carl, Debbie, and Liam), depicting and commenting on British working-class life and culture.Produced by Company Pictures, the show aired on Channel 4 from 13 January 2004 to 28 May 2013 for eleven series and 139 episodes. It was praised by the British media, including the newspaper The Sun and Newsnight Review on BBC Two. In 2005, the show won Best Drama Series at the BAFTA TV Awards and Best TV Comedy Drama at the British Comedy Awards. An American adaptation of Shameless aired on Showtime from 9 January 2011 to 11 April 2021.
<Drake_University_Law_School>	Drake University Law School is a professional graduate law school of Drake University, located in Des Moines, Iowa. The school has over 330 full-time students. The school is led by Dean Jerry Anderson. Founded in 1865, Drake Law School is one of the 25 oldest law schools in the country. The Law School was established by Iowa Supreme Court justices George Wright and Chester Cole, who aimed to teach law in proximity to the courts so students could witness the law in action. Drake Law School's curriculum includes the nation's only First-Year Trial Practicum. In 2020, the American Bar Association ranked Drake University the 7th best competition school in the nation. In 2020, the U.S. News & World Report ranked Drake Law School as the 105th best overall law school in the nation.
<Irene_Hervey>	Irene Hervey (born Beulah Irene Herwick; July 11, 1909 – December 20, 1998) was an American film, stage, and television actress who appeared in over fifty films and numerous television series spanning her five-decade career.A native of Los Angeles, Hervey was trained in her youth by British stage and film actress Emma Dunn, a friend of her mother. She signed a contract with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in 1933, appearing in several films for the studio–including The Stranger's Return (1933), opposite Lionel Barrymore–before landing a supporting role as Valentine de Villefort in United Artists' The Count of Monte Cristo (1934). She signed a contract with Universal Pictures, appearing in numerous films for the studio, including the Western Destry Rides Again (1939) opposite Jimmy Stewart and Marlene Dietrich, the mystery The House of Fear (1939), and the musical The Boys from Syracuse (1940), the latter of which she appeared opposite her then-husband Allan Jones.She appeared in films throughout the 1940s into the 1950s, including the horror film Night Monster (1942) opposite Bela Lugosi, the fantasy Mr. Peabody and the Mermaid (1948), and the film noir A Cry in the Night (1956). Beginning in the mid-1950s, Hervey transitioned to television, appearing as a guest star on Perry Mason, Honey West,  and My Three Sons, the latter of which earned her a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Single Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role. Hervey appeared in occasional minor film roles in her later career, such as Gene Saks's Cactus Flower (1969) and Clint Eastwood's thriller Play Misty for Me (1971).
<Marilynne_Robinson>	Marilynne Summers Robinson (born November 26, 1943) is an American novelist and essayist. Across her writing career, Robinson has received numerous awards, including the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 2005, National Humanities Medal in 2012, and the 2016 Library of Congress Prize for American Fiction. In 2016, Robinson was named in Time magazine's list of 100 most influential people. Robinson began teaching at the Iowa Writers' Workshop in 1991 and retired in the spring of 2016.Robinson is best known for her novels Housekeeping (1980) and Gilead (2004). Her novels are noted for their thematic depiction of faith and rural life. The subjects of her essays span numerous topics, including the relationship between religion and science, US history, nuclear pollution, John Calvin, and contemporary American politics.Robinson was born as Marilynne Summers on November 26, 1943 in Sandpoint, Idaho, the daughter of Eileen (Harris) and John J. Summers, a lumber company employee. Her brother is the art historian David Summers, who dedicated his book Vision, Reflection, and Desire in Western Painting to her. She did her undergraduate work at Pembroke College, the former women's college at Brown University, receiving her Bachelor of Arts degree magna cum laude in 1966, where she was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. At Brown, one of her teachers was the celebrated postmodern novelist John Hawkes. She received her Doctor of Philosophy degree in English from the University of Washington in 1977.
<Darren_Randolph>	Darren Edward Andrew Randolph (born 12 May 1987) is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Premier League club West Ham United and the Republic of Ireland national team. He has previously played for the Republic of Ireland U21 team. Randolph has also represented Ireland at basketball.Having progressed through the youth ranks at Ardmore Rovers and Premier League club Charlton Athletic, Randolph turned professional in 2004 with Charlton. He spent time on loan at Welling United, Accrington Stanley and Gillingham before making his Charlton debut in the last match of the 2006–07 season. Despite the club's relegation from the Premier League, he was unable to cement a regular starting position, and had two loan spells during 2008, at Bury and at Hereford United. Having made just 20 appearances for Charlton in six years, he moved on to Scottish Premier League side Motherwell in July 2010. He played regularly for Motherwell over three years, then returned to England to join Birmingham City, for whom he missed only one Championship match in two seasons. He signed for West Ham United in 2015 and Middlesbrough two years later.
<Arthur_Stoll>	Arthur Stoll (8 January 1887 – 13 January 1971) was a Swiss biochemist.The son of a teacher and school headmaster, he studied chemistry at the ETH Zurich, with a PhD in 1911, where he studied with Richard Willstätter. In 1912, he became a research assistant at the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Chemistry in Berlin, with Richard Willstätter, with whom he explored important insights on the importance of chlorophyll in carbon assimilation.In 1917, he was appointed professor of chemistry at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich. In the same year, he was hired as head of the pharmaceutical department of the Sandoz (now Novartis) chemical factory in Basel. In this company, he was president from 1949 to 1956, Director from 1964 he held the office of President of the Board.
<Hércules_CF>	Hércules de Alicante Club de Fútbol, S.A.D. ([ˈeɾkules]) is a Spanish football team in Alicante, in the autonomous community of Valencian Community. Founded on 25 October 1922, it currently plays in Segunda División RFEF – Group 3 and plays its home games at the 29,500-capacity Estadio José Rico Pérez.Hercules C.F. has been documented since 1914 although not officially registered until 26 September 1922, alongside Mercantil de Cartagena, Federación Levantina and others. Its founder was Vicente Pastor Alfosea dubbed "El Chepa". In its early days, the club played in various locations, the foothills of la montañosa, the lands of l'Hort del tio Ron, the campo de Benalúa or the facilities of the Alicante Recreation Club.
<Frank_Schlesinger>	Frank Schlesinger (May 11, 1871 – July 10, 1943) was an American astronomer. His work concentrated on using photographic plates rather than direct visual studies for astronomical research.Schlesinger was born in New York City and attended public schools there. He graduated from the College of the City of New York in 1890.  He then worked as a surveyor, becoming a special student in astronomy at Columbia in 1894.  In 1896, he received a fellowship which enabled him to study full-time, and he received a PhD in 1898. After his graduation, he spent the summer at Yerkes Observatory as a volunteer assisting director George Ellery Hale.
<Kieth_Merrill>	Kieth W. Merrill (born May 22, 1940) is an American filmmaker who has worked as a writer, director, and producer in the film industry since 1967. He is a member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences and the Directors Guild of America, and received an Academy Award for The Great American Cowboy (1973) and a nomination for Amazon (1997).He published a novel, The Evolution of Thomas Hall, through Shadow Mountain in 2011. His first fantasy novel, The Immortal Crown, was published by Shadow Mountain in 2016.
<Layer_Cake_(film)>	Layer Cake (also occasionally stylised as L4YER CAKƐ on some poster artwork) is a 2004 British crime film directed by Matthew Vaughn, in his directorial debut. The screenplay was adapted by J. J. Connolly from his 2000 novel of the same name. The film's plot revolves around a London-based criminal, played by Daniel Craig, who works in the cocaine trade and wishes to leave the drug business. The film also features Tom Hardy, Colm Meaney, and Sienna Miller. Craig's character is unnamed in the film and is listed in the credits as "XXXX."The film was produced by Adam Bohling, David Reid and Matthew Vaughn, with Stephen Marks as executive producer. The title refers to the social strata, especially in the British criminal underworld.
<Running_with_Scissors_(memoir)>	Running with Scissors is a 2002 memoir by American writer Augusten Burroughs.  The book tells the story of Burroughs's bizarre childhood life after his mother, a chain-smoking aspiring poet, sent him to live with her psychiatrist. Running with Scissors spent eight weeks on the New York Times bestseller list.Running with Scissors covers the period of Burroughs' adolescent years, beginning at age 12 after a brief overview of his life as a child. Burroughs spends his early childhood in a clean and orderly home, obsessing over his clothes, hair, accessories, and having great potential, with his parents constantly fighting in the background.When his parents separate and his mother begins to second-guess her sexuality, Burroughs is sent to live with his mother's psychiatrist, Dr. Finch, who lives in a rundown Victorian house in Northampton, Massachusetts. Finch lives with his "legal" wife, Agnes,  as well as his two biological and one adopted children and some of his own patients. Rules are practically nonexistent and children of all ages do whatever they please, such as having sex, smoking cigarettes and cannabis, and rebelling against authority figures. Finch feels that, at age 13, children should be in charge of their own lives. However, the dysfunctional issues that occur in the Finch family are outdone by the psychotic episodes frequently experienced by Burroughs' mother.
<Tokyo_City>	Tokyo City (東京市, Tōkyō-shi) was a municipality in Japan and part of Tokyo-fu which existed from 1 May 1889 until its merger with its prefecture on 1 July 1943. The historical boundaries of Tokyo City are now occupied by the Special Wards of Tokyo.  The new merged government became what is now Tokyo, also known as the Tokyo Metropolis, or, ambiguously, Tokyo Prefecture.In 1868, the medieval city of Edo, seat of the Tokugawa government, was renamed Tokyo, and the offices of Tokyo Prefecture (-fu) were opened. The extent of Tokyo Prefecture was initially limited to the former Edo city, but rapidly augmented to be comparable with the present Tokyo Metropolis. In 1878, the Meiji government's reorganization of local governments subdivided prefectures into counties or districts (gun, further subdivided into towns and villages, later reorganized similar to Prussian districts) and districts or wards (ku) which were in ordinary prefectures cities as a whole, e.g. today's Hiroshima City (-shi) was then Hiroshima-ku; the three major cities of Tokyo, Osaka and Kyoto were each subdivided into several such wards. In Tokyo Prefecture, this created 15 wards (listed below) and six counties/districts.
<Atlantic_Coast_Conference_Men's_Basketball_Coach_of_the_Year>	The Atlantic Coast Conference men's basketball Coach of the Year is a basketball award given to head coaches in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC). The award is granted to the head coach voted to be the most successful that season by members of the Atlantic Coast Sports Media Association, and since the 2012–13 season has also been awarded in separate voting by the league's coaches. The award was first given following the 1953–54 season, the first year of the conference's existence, to Everett Case of NC State. The first winner of the coaches' award was Jim Larrañaga of Miami (FL)a  in 2013.Dean Smith of North Carolina has won the most awards with eight, followed by Mike Krzyzewski of Duke, with five, and currently active coach Tony Bennett of Virginia, with four. Fourteen coaches in total have won the award more than once. Fourteen coaches have also won the award in the same season that they have also won a National Coach of the Year award; of those, only Krzyzewski and Smith have achieved the feat three times. Five coaches have won during the same season that they have coached a team that won the NCAA Tournament Championship: Tony Bennett, Frank McGuire, Norm Sloan, Dean Smith, and Gary Williams. McGuire is the only head coach to win the award at two different schools (North Carolina and South Carolina).Each of the original (1953) ACC members have had at least one of their coaches win the award. Among schools that joined the ACC before 2013, Boston College is the only one that has never had a winning coach. Thirty-one different coaches from twelve schools have received the award. North Carolina has the most ACC Coach of the Year awards with twelve, while its in-state rival, Duke, is second with ten. Each school of Tobacco Road (including NC State and Wake Forest) has won at least seven awards, as has Virginia with eight.
<Gandhara_University>	The Gandhara University is a private university located in Peshawar, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. It is chartered by the Government of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. It provides specialized training in the health sciences. The institutes that became Gandhara University were initially founded in October 1995 by surgeon Muhammad Kabir. University is recognized by the Higher Education Commission (Pakistan) and accredited by the Pakistan Medical and Dental Council. It is also affiliated with the College of Physicians and Surgeons Pakistan for postgraduate dental courses.The university encompasses specialized departments to include teaching in medicine, dentistry, pharmacy, paramedical technologies, nursing, physiotherapy and public health. These include:Coordinates: 33°59′33″N 71°28′51″E﻿ / ﻿33.9925°N 71.4808°E﻿ / 33.9925; 71.4808
<David_A._Siegel>	David Alan Siegel (born May 3, 1935) is an American businessman who founded Westgate Resorts Ltd, a Florida-based timeshare resort firm where he serves as president and chief executive officer. He has ten biological children and two adopted children. Siegel is CEO of CFI Resorts Management Inc. and Central Florida Investments Inc. and his other businesses include real estate, construction, hotel and apartment management, travel services, insurance, transportation, and retail.[citation needed]Siegel, his wife Jackie, and their Versailles house, a 85,000-square-foot (7,900 m2) residential construction project in Florida, were the subject of the 2012 documentary film The Queen of Versailles.
<Ilya_Piatetski-Shapiro>	Ilya Piatetski-Shapiro (Hebrew: איליה פיאטצקי-שפירו; Russian: Илья́ Ио́сифович Пяте́цкий-Шапи́ро; 30 March 1929 – 21 February 2009) was a Soviet-born Israeli mathematician. During a career that spanned 60 years he made major contributions to applied science as well as pure mathematics. In his last forty years his research focused on pure mathematics; in particular, analytic number theory, group representations and algebraic geometry. His main contribution and impact was in the area of automorphic forms and L-functions.For the last 30 years of his life he suffered from Parkinson's disease.  However, with the help of his wife Edith, he was able to continue to work and do mathematics at the highest level, even when he was barely able to walk and speak.Ilya was born in 1929 in Moscow, Soviet Union. Both his father, Iosif Grigor'evich, and mother, Sofia Arkadievna, were from traditional Jewish families, but which had become assimilated. His father was from Berdichev, a small city in the Ukraine, with a largely Jewish population. His mother was from Gomel, a similar small city in Belorussia. Both parents' families were middle-class, but they sank into poverty after the October revolution of 1917.
<Batman_Beyond>	Batman Beyond (known as Batman of the Future outside the United States) is an American superhero animated television series developed by Bruce Timm, Paul Dini, and Alan Burnett. It was produced by Warner Bros. Animation in collaboration with DC Comics and is the fourth series in the DC Animated Universe. The series began airing on January 10, 1999 on Kids' WB, and ended on December 18, 2001. In the United Kingdom, it began airing on September 4, 2000. After 52 episodes spanning three seasons and one direct-to-video feature film, the series was brought to an end in favor of the Justice League animated series, and plans for a fourth season were cancelled.Depicting a teenaged Batman (Terry McGinnis) in a futuristic Gotham City under the tutelage of an elderly Bruce Wayne, Batman Beyond is chronologically the final series of the DC Animated Universe (despite being released before Static Shock, Justice League and Justice League Unlimited as the fourth series), and serves as the sequel to both Batman: The Animated Series and The New Batman Adventures. Due to the series taking place in the same universe as Batman: The Animated Series, Bruce Timm thought it was ideal to have Kevin Conroy voice the older Batman.
<Legion_of_Honour>	The National Order of the Legion of Honour (French: Ordre national de la Légion d'honneur), formerly the Royal Order of the Legion of Honour (Ordre royal de la Légion d'honneur), is the highest French order of merit, both military and civil. Established in 1802 by Napoleon Bonaparte, it has been retained (with occasional slight alterations) by all later French governments and regimes.The order's motto is Honneur et Patrie ("Honour and Fatherland"); its seat is the Palais de la Légion d'Honneur next to the Musée d'Orsay, on the left bank of the Seine in Paris.
<Axley_Brynelson,_LLP>	Axley Brynelson, LLP is a full-service law firm founded in 1885 with two Wisconsin offices in Madison and Waukesha. As one of Madison's oldest and most experienced law firms, Axley Brynelson represents individuals, small businesses, government entities and privately and publicly held companies.The Wisconsin Law Journal named Axley Brynelson one of the 10 largest Wisconsin law firms in its Largest Law Firms of 2009 Survey, and the firm's attorneys are regularly recognized by national and local publications including Wisconsin Super Lawyers and Rising Stars Magazine,[citation needed] Martindale-Hubbell peer review ratings and the 2014 edition of Best Lawyers.[citation needed]Axley Brynelson traces its lineage back to the 1885 partnership of Burr W. Jones and Francis Lamb. The firm has had three of their attorneys serve as president of the Wisconsin Bar Association. As of January 2015, they had 168 cases before the Wisconsin Supreme Court. The firm took the name Axley Brynelson in 1988[citation needed] with the merger of Brynelson, Herrick, Buchaida, Dorchel and Armstrong with Easton & Harms. At that time, the newly formed company was the largest tenant of the new Manchester Place office building at 2 East Mifflin in Madison occupying 2 floors (20,000 sqft).Axley Brynelson has two office locations in Wisconsin: Madison, Wisconsin and Waukesha, Wisconsin. Patricia Gibeault became the firms first female managing partner after John Mitby stepped down October 31, 2014.
<Megaworld_Corporation>	Megaworld Corporation (PSE: MEG) is a real-estate company in the Philippines. It is listed on the Philippine Stock Exchange Composite Index.The company develops large-scale, mixed-use, planned communities incorporating residential, commercial, educational, and leisure components. In addition it provides other services such as project design, construction oversight, and property management. Among its landmark projects is Forbes Town Center, a 6-hectare commercial and residential district in Fort Bonifacio, Taguig, Metro Manila. Another project by Megaworld is the 45-storey Petron Megaplaza office skyscraper, which was the tallest building in the country upon its completion in 1998. Also, last May 31, 2016, Megaworld announced that they will build two more office towers, 10-storey One Republic Plaza, and six-storey Emperador House, in Davao City. The two towers will provide an additional 30,000 sqm of office spaces for lease.Megaworld Properties & Holdings Inc. was founded by Andrew Tan and incorporated under Philippine law on August 24, 1989, primarily aimed at engaging in real estate development, leasing, and marketing.
<China_Railway>	China State Railway Group Company, Ltd., doing business as China Railway (CR), is the national passenger and freight railroad corporation of the People's Republic of China.China Railway operates passenger and freight transport throughout China with 18 regional subsidiaries. By September 2022, the total assets of China Railway Group are CNY 9.06 trillion (USD 1.24 trillion).
<Portugal_national_under-16_football_team>	The Portugal national under-16 football team is the association football team that represents the nation of Portugal at the under-16 level.Portugal have qualified for one FIFA U-16 World Championship with their performance being a third place finish in the 1989 FIFA U-16 World Championship.
<Studio_City,_Los_Angeles>	Studio City is a neighborhood in the city of Los Angeles, California, in the southeast San Fernando Valley, just west of the Cahuenga Pass. It is named after the studio lot that was established in the area by film producer Mack Sennett in 1927, now known as Radford Studio Center.Originally known as Laurelwood, the area that Studio City occupies was formerly part of Rancho Ex-Mission San Fernando. Rancho Ex-Mission San Fernando was a 116,858-acre (472.91 km2) Mexican land grant in present-day Los Angeles County, California, granted in 1846 by Governor Pío Pico to Eulogio F. de Celis. This land changed hands several times during the late 19th century, and was eventually owned by James Boon Lankershim (1850–1931), and eight other developers, who organized the Lankershim Ranch Land and Water Company. In 1899, however, the area lost most water rights to Los Angeles, so subdivision and sale of land for farming became untenable.
<Kirsty_Hume>	Kirsty Hume (born 4 September 1976) is a Scottish model who came to prominence in the 1990s.Hume modelled for Dior, Givenchy, Chanel, Lanvin, Yves Saint Laurent, Christian Lacroix, Gianfranco Ferré, Claude Montana, Alexander McQueen, Giorgio Armani, Gianni Versace, Roberto Cavalli, Prada, Calvin Klein, Ralph Lauren, Oscar de la Renta, Jaeger (clothing) and Donna Karan.  She also frequently appeared on the covers of Harper's Bazaar, photographed by Patrick Demarchelier, as well as Vogue, W and other publications.
<Al_Gore>	Albert Arnold Gore Jr. (born March 31, 1948) is an American politician, businessman, and environmentalist who served as the 45th vice president of the United States from 1993 to 2001 under President Bill Clinton. Gore was the Democratic nominee for the 2000 presidential election, losing to George W. Bush in a very close race after a Florida recount.Gore was an elected official for 24 years. He was a representative from Tennessee (1977–1985) and from 1985 to 1993 served as a senator from that state. He served as vice president during the Clinton administration from 1993 to 2001, defeating incumbents George H. W. Bush and Dan Quayle in 1992, and Bob Dole and Jack Kemp in 1996. The 2000 presidential election was one of the closest presidential races in history. Gore and his running mate Joe Lieberman won the popular vote, but after a controversial election dispute over a Florida recount (settled by the U.S. Supreme Court, which ruled 5–4 in favor of Bush), he lost the election to Republican opponent George W. Bush in the Electoral College.
<Francisco_Montañés>	Francisco 'Paco' Montañés Claverías (born 8 October 1986) is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a right winger.Born in Castellón de la Plana, Castellón, Valencian Community, Montañés started his senior career in the reserve teams of FC Barcelona. He made his debut for the first team on 13 May 2006, playing the last 20 minutes of a 3–2 away loss against Sevilla FC. He then moved to the lower leagues, with Villarreal CF B and Ontinyent CF.In August 2010, Montañés joined AD Alcorcón, promoted for the first time to the Segunda División. He rarely missed a game during his two-year spell as the club always retained its league status, and scored nine goals in his second season.
<Olivier_Boulay>	Olivier Boulay (born August 9, 1957, in France) is an automobile designer. Since 2009, he has been the Vice President of Daimler's Advanced Design Centre in Beijing, China.He was educated at École supérieure d'art graphique et d'architecture intérieure in Paris until June 1981, and graduated from the Royal College of Art in London a year later. He then spent five years as an automotive designer in France and Italy before becoming the Manager of Daimler-Benz AG's Design Division in West Germany in 1987. He was responsible for the S-Class and C-Class exteriors while there, before moving to Japan in 1989. Boulay penned the second generation Subaru Legacy while working for Fuji Heavy Industries, before returning to Daimler Benz in 1992 when they established their Advanced Design Center of Japan. As general manager, Boulay was behind the 97 Maybach concept exhibited at the Tokyo Motor Show, before returning to Europe as General Manager of DaimlerChrysler's Advanced Design Germany studio to usher the Maybach 57 and 62 limousines into production.Following DaimlerChrysler's assumption of control of Mitsubishi Motors, Boulay was appointed the head of Mitsubishi Motors' design office in May 2001. The continual financial struggle of Mitsubishi Motors hastened DaimlerChrysler's exit from being the company's biggest stockholder. It meant that only one all-new vehicle, the Mitsubishi Magna, was developed and released during his tenure. However, he was able to exert his stylistic influence on several other vehicles in development, thanks to a heavy schedule of four concept vehicles created in five months prior to the 2001 Tokyo Motor Show. These concepts, the CZ2, CZ3 Tarmac, Space Liner and SUP, all shared a common face created by the curvature of the lower edge of the grille, the size and shape of the badge and the sharp crease rising up the leading edge of the bonnet. Boulay saw this family likeness as important in establishing a strong image for the company. This would later be seen in his facelift of the Australian market Mitsubishi Magna in 2003, its successful replacement the Mitsubishi 380, and the Japanese Mitsubishi i kei car, the latter two of which would only be released after Boulay had left the company.
<David_Baulcombe>	Sir David Charles Baulcombe FRS FMedSci (born 1952) is a British plant scientist and geneticist. As of 2017[update] he is a Royal Society Research Professor and Regius Professor of Botany in the Department of Plant Sciences at the University of Cambridge.David Baulcombe was born in Solihull, West Midlands (then Warwickshire). He received his Bachelor of Science degree in botany from the University of Leeds in 1973 at the age of 21. He continued his studies at the University of Edinburgh, where he received his Doctor of Philosophy degree in 1977 for research on Messenger RNA in vascular plants supervised by John Ingle.
<The_Godfather_(novel)>	The Godfather is a crime novel by American author Mario Puzo. Originally published in 1969 by G. P. Putnam's Sons, the novel details the story of a fictional Mafia family in New York City (and Long Island), headed by Vito Corleone, the Godfather. The novel covers the years 1945 to 1955 and includes the back story of Vito Corleone from early childhood to adulthood.The first in a series of novels, The Godfather is noteworthy for introducing Italian words like consigliere, caporegime, Cosa Nostra, and omertà to an English-speaking audience.  It inspired a 1972 film of the same name. Two film sequels, including new contributions by Puzo himself, were made in 1974 and 1990.The Corleone family, one of the Five Families of the New York Mafia, fights the other four families in a brutal war in the years after World War II. After Don Vito Corleone is shot by men working for drug kingpin Virgil "The Turk" Sollozzo, two of Corleone's sons, Santino (Sonny) and Michael, must run the family business with the help of consigliere Tom Hagen and the family's two trusted caporegimes, Peter Clemenza and Salvatore Tessio. When Michael murders Sollozzo and his bodyguard, corrupt NYPD Captain Mark McCluskey, while meeting with them in a restaurant, the conflict escalates into a full-scale war which results in Sonny's murder. Michael must return from hiding in Sicily to assume control of the family as the new Don. Under his retired father's tutelage, Michael orchestrates a plan to exact revenge, while relocating the Corleone family's power base to Las Vegas in order to further his goal of legitimizing the family and getting them out of organized crime. This encompasses the murder of all of the Corleone family's enemies, including Michael's brother-in-law Carlo Rizzi, who played a part in Sonny's murder. After selling all of the family's remaining businesses in New York, the Corleones permanently move to Las Vegas.
<Mia_Malkova>	Mia Malkova is an American pornographic actress and Twitch streamer.Prior to entering the adult industry,  then Malkova worked in the food service industry getting her first job at McDonald's when she turned 16 and then working at Sizzler up until the weekend she shot her first scene. Malkova was ‘Twistys Treat of the Month‘ in December 2012 and the 2013 'Twistys Treat of the Year'. She was a contract performer for its parent company, Mindgeek, during that time period. When that contract lapsed in 2014, she signed a contract with another company, Hard X, to exclusively perform scenes with men while being allowed to perform scenes without men with other companies.
<Jamie_Hope>	Jamie Hope is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera Emmerdale. He was played by Alex Carter and first appeared on screen on 16 February 2006. He last appeared on 21 May 2010, after Carter quit the soap in order to pursue new projects.Carter's casting was announced in November 2005. Jamie was introduced as the eldest son of established character Bob Hope (Tony Audenshaw) and debuted on 16 February 2006. On 8 February 2010, Carter announced that he was quitting the show, citing an exhausting filming schedule as his reason.
<Nest_Labs>	Google Nest is a line of smart home products including smart speakers, smart displays, streaming devices, thermostats, smoke detectors, routers and security systems including smart doorbells, cameras and smart locks.The Nest brand name was originally owned by Nest Labs, co-founded by former Apple engineers Tony Fadell and Matt Rogers in 2010. Its flagship product, which was the company's first offering, is the Nest Learning Thermostat, introduced in 2011. The product is programmable, self-learning, sensor-driven, and Wi-Fi-enabled: features that are often found in other Nest products. It was followed by the Nest Protect smoke and carbon monoxide detectors in October 2013. After its acquisition of Dropcam in 2014, the company introduced its Nest Cam branding of security cameras beginning in June 2015.
<John_A._Lee>	John Alfred Alexander Lee DCM (31 October 1891 – 13 June 1982) was a New Zealand politician and writer. He is one of the more prominent avowed socialists in New Zealand's political history.Lee was elected as a member of parliament in 1922. After the Labour Party's victory in 1935, Lee was passed over for appointment to cabinet, instead becoming an under-secretary. He became a critic of the leadership of his party and was expelled in 1940, subsequently founding his own left-wing party, the Democratic Labour Party. He lost his parliamentary seat at the 1943 election.
<John_Savill>	Sir John Stewart Savill, FRS, FMedSci (born 25 April 1957) is the Chief Executive of the Medical Research Council (MRC) in the UK and the Head of the College of Medicine and Veterinary Medicine and a Vice Principal of the University of Edinburgh.Savill was educated at St Catherine's College, Oxford and the University of Sheffield where he gained his Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery in 1981 Savill was awarded a PhD for his work on macrophages from the Royal Postgraduate Medical School in 1989.
<John_B._Goodenough>	John Bannister Goodenough (/ˈɡʊdɪnʌf/ GUUD-in-uf; born July 25, 1922) is an American materials scientist, a solid-state physicist, and a Nobel laureate in chemistry.  He is a professor of Mechanical, Materials Science, and Electrical Engineering at the University of Texas at Austin. He is widely credited with the identification and development of the lithium-ion battery, for developing the Goodenough–Kanamori rules in determining the sign of the magnetic superexchange in materials, and for seminal developments in computer random-access memory.Goodenough was born in Jena, Germany, to American parents. During and after graduating from Yale University, Goodenough served as a U.S. military meteorologist in World War II. He went on to obtain his Ph.D. in physics at the University of Chicago, became a researcher at MIT Lincoln Laboratory, and later the head of the Inorganic Chemistry Laboratory at the University of Oxford. Since 1986, he has been a professor in the school of engineering at UT Austin. 
<Johnny_Miller>	John Laurence Miller (born April 29, 1947) is an American former professional golfer. He was one of the top players in the world during the mid-1970s. He was the first to shoot 63 in a major championship to win the 1973 U.S. Open, and he ranked second in the world on Mark McCormack's world golf rankings in both 1974 and 1975 behind Jack Nicklaus. Miller won 25 PGA Tour events, including two majors. He was inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame in 1998. He was the lead golf analyst for NBC Sports, a position he held from January 1990 to February 2019. He is also an active golf course architect.Born and raised in San Francisco, California, Miller was invited to join the Olympic Club in 1963 as a Junior Golf Section member, and became the top player on its junior team. He won the San Francisco city junior title in 1963 at age 16, and the following year won the 1964 U.S. Junior Amateur. After graduation from Abraham Lincoln High School in 1965, he enrolled at Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah.
<Brenda_Benet>	Brenda Benet (born Brenda Ann Nelson; August 14, 1945 – April 7, 1982) was an American actress. She is best known for her roles on the soap operas The Young Marrieds (1965–1965) and Days of Our Lives (1979–1982). She was also featured in an episode of Hogan's Heroes in 1970.Benet was born Brenda Ann Nelson in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California; later, her family moved to South Gate. She graduated from South Gate High School, attended Los Angeles City College, then studied at the University of California at Los Angeles, majoring in languages. She studied with San Francisco Ballet, was featured in several productions of the Los Angeles Civic Light Opera, was a musician who played piano, flute and violin, and was fluent in five languages.
<Netherlands_national_under-19_football_team>	The Netherlands national under-19 football team represents the Netherlands at this age level and is governed by the Koninklijke Nederlandse Voetbalbond — KNVB.They compete in international competitions like the UEFA European Under-19 Championship and the FIFA U-20 World Cup.  Win   Draw   LossThe following players were selected for the 2022 UEFA European Under-19 Championship qualification matches against Serbia, Norway and Ukraine on 1, 4 and 7 June 2022 respectively.
<Mark_Webber_(actor)>	Mark Allen Webber (born July 19, 1980) is an American actor, screenwriter, and director known for his roles in the films Snow Day, Weapons, The Laramie Project, and Scott Pilgrim vs. the World.Webber was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, where he spent the first nine years of his life. His mother, Cheri Lynn Honkala, is a noted advocate for the homeless in Philadelphia, and was the vice-presidential nominee of the Green Party in the 2012 presidential election.
<Brittany_Murphy>	Brittany Anne Murphy-Monjack (née Bertolotti; November 10, 1977 – December 20, 2009) was an American actress and singer. Born in Atlanta, Murphy moved to Los Angeles as a teenager and pursued a career in acting. Her breakthrough role was as Tai Frasier in Clueless (1995), followed by supporting roles in independent films such as Freeway (1996) and Bongwater (1998). She made her stage debut in a Broadway production of Arthur Miller's A View from the Bridge in 1997 before appearing as Daisy Randone in Girl, Interrupted (1999) and as Lisa Swenson in Drop Dead Gorgeous (1999).In the 2000s, Murphy appeared in Don't Say a Word (2001) alongside Michael Douglas, and alongside Eminem in 8 Mile (2002), for which she gained critical recognition. Her later roles included Riding in Cars with Boys (2001), Spun (2002), Just Married (2003), Uptown Girls (2003), Sin City (2005), and Happy Feet (2006). Murphy also voiced Luanne Platter on the animated television series King of the Hill (1997–2010). Her final film, Something Wicked, was released in April 2014.
<Rayson_Tan>	Rayson Tan (simplified Chinese: 陈泰铭; traditional Chinese: 陳泰銘; born 12 January 1965) is a Singaporean actor.Before joining MediaCorp, Tan worked as a flight attendant with Singapore Airlines. In 1990, he emerged as the 2nd Runner-Up in Singapore's Star Search Singapore talent competition. He has worked on many different roles and hosted many TV programmes, including the role of Singaporean war hero Lim Bo Seng in the 1997 WWII drama series The Price of Peace and the host for PSC Night in 2006.
<Charlie_Sheen>	Carlos Irwin Estévez (born September 3, 1965), known professionally as Charlie Sheen, is an American actor. He has appeared in films such as Platoon (1986), Wall Street (1987), Young Guns (1988), The Rookie (1990), The Three Musketeers (1993), and The Arrival (1996). In the 2000s, when Sheen replaced Michael J. Fox as the star of ABC's Spin City, his portrayal of Charlie Crawford earned him a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor. He then starred as Charlie Harper on the CBS sitcom Two and a Half Men (2003–11), for which he received multiple Golden Globe and Primetime Emmy nominations, and as Dr. Charles "Charlie" Goodson on the FX series Anger Management (2012–14). In 2010, Sheen was the highest-paid actor on television, earning US$1.8 million per episode of Two and a Half Men.Sheen's personal life has made headlines, including reports of alcohol and drug abuse and marital problems, as well as allegations of domestic violence. In March 2011, his contract for Two and a Half Men was terminated by CBS and Warner Bros. following his derogatory comments about the series' creator, Chuck Lorre. On November 17, 2015, Sheen publicly revealed that he is HIV positive, having been diagnosed four years previously. The disclosure resulted in a vast increase of online search queries for HIV prevention and testing, which was later dubbed the "Charlie Sheen effect".
<Carl_Friedrich_von_Weizsäcker>	Carl Friedrich Freiherr von Weizsäcker (German: [kaʁl ˈfʁiːdʁɪç fɔn ˈvaɪtsɛkɐ] (listen); 28 June 1912 – 28 April 2007) was a German physicist and philosopher. He was the longest-living member of the team which performed nuclear research in Germany during the Second World War, under Werner Heisenberg's leadership. There is ongoing debate as to whether or not he and the other members of the team actively and willingly pursued the development of a nuclear bomb for Germany during this time.A member of the prominent Weizsäcker family, he was son of the diplomat Ernst von Weizsäcker, elder brother of the former German President Richard von Weizsäcker, father of the physicist and environmental researcher Ernst Ulrich von Weizsäcker and father-in-law of the former General Secretary of the World Council of Churches Konrad Raiser.Weizsäcker made important theoretical discoveries regarding energy production in stars from nuclear fusion processes. He also did influential theoretical work on planetary formation in the early Solar System.
<Tricia_Devereaux>	Tricia Devereaux (born January 12, 1975) is an American former pornographic actress, XRCO Hall of Fame inductee, and co-owner of Evil Angel studios.Devereaux was introduced to the adult industry when her then husband, Patrick, got a job working as a bouncer in a strip club and Devereaux would occasionally visit him there. The other dancers encouraged her to enter the club's amateur contest which she won; this led to her working there to make extra money. A number of established porn stars visited the club as feature dancers—names such as Victoria Paris, Jeanna Fine, and Samantha Strong.Seeing the extra money that the features made, Devereaux sent pictures of herself to Hustler magazine for their "Beaver Hunt" feature, which was published. At the same time Devereaux came in fifth in Déjà Vu's national Stripper of the Year. She then flew out to Los Angeles at Joey Silvera's request (he had seen pictures Devereaux had sent of herself to Jim South), where she made her first on-camera scene with Silvera in Fashion Sluts 7.
<Mullard_Award>	The Mullard Award is awarded annually by the Royal Society to a person who has "an outstanding academic record in any field of natural science, engineering or technology and whose contribution is currently making or has the potential to make a contribution to national prosperity in Britain." It was established in 1967, and has been awarded to more people at once than any other Royal Society medal, with five individuals receiving the award in 1970. The award is a silver gilt medal, which comes with a £2,000 prize and a £1,500 grant to be used for travel and attending conferences.
<Harald_Helfgott>	Harald Andrés Helfgott (born 25 November 1977) is a Peruvian mathematician working in number theory. Helfgott is a researcher (directeur de recherche) at the CNRS at the Institut Mathématique de Jussieu, Paris.Helfgott was born on 25 November 1977 in Lima, Peru. He graduated from Brandeis University in 1998 (BA, summa cum laude). He received his Ph.D. from Princeton University in 2003 under the direction of Henryk Iwaniec and Peter Sarnak, with the thesis Root numbers and the parity problem.Helfgott was a post-doctoral Gibbs Assistant Professor at Yale University from 2003 to 2004. He was then a post-doctoral fellow at CRM–ISM–Université de Montréal from 2004 to 2006.
<John_DeLorean>	John Zachary DeLorean (January 6, 1925 – March 19, 2005) was an American engineer, inventor, and executive in the U.S. automobile industry, widely known for his work at General Motors and as founder of the DeLorean Motor Company.DeLorean managed the development of a number of vehicles throughout his career, including the Pontiac GTO muscle car, the Pontiac Firebird, Pontiac Grand Prix, Chevrolet Cosworth Vega, and the DMC DeLorean sports car, which was featured in the 1985 film Back to the Future. He was the youngest division chief in General Motors history, then left to start the DeLorean Motor Company (DMC) in 1973. Production delays meant that DMC's first car did not reach the consumer market until 1981, when a depressed buying market was compounded by lukewarm reviews from critics and the public. After a year, the DeLorean had failed to recover its $175 million investment costs, unsold cars accumulated, and the company was in financial trouble.
<George_Wald>	George Wald (November 18, 1906 – April 12, 1997) was an American scientist who studied pigments in the retina.  He won a share of the 1967 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Haldan Keffer Hartline and Ragnar Granit.In 1970, Wald predicted that “civilization will end within 15 or 30 years unless immediate action is taken against problems facing mankind.”
<Val_Logsdon_Fitch>	Val Logsdon Fitch (March 10, 1923 – February 5, 2015) was an American nuclear physicist who, with co-researcher James Cronin, was awarded the 1980 Nobel Prize in Physics for a 1964 experiment using the Alternating Gradient Synchrotron at Brookhaven National Laboratory that proved that certain subatomic reactions do not adhere to fundamental symmetry principles. Specifically, they proved, by examining the decay of K-mesons, that a reaction run in reverse does not retrace the path of the original reaction, which showed that the reactions of subatomic particles are not indifferent to time. Thus the phenomenon of CP violation was discovered. This demolished the faith that physicists had that natural laws were governed by symmetry.Born on a cattle ranch near Merriman, Nebraska, Fitch was drafted into the U.S. Army during World War II, and worked on the Manhattan Project at the Los Alamos Laboratory in New Mexico. He later graduated from McGill University, and completed his PhD in physics in 1954 at Columbia University.  He was a member of the faculty at Princeton University from 1954 until his retirement in 2005.
<Glenavon_F.C.>	Glenavon Football Club is a Northern Irish semi-professional football club that competes in the NIFL Premiership. Founded in 1889, the club hails from Lurgan and plays its home matches at Mourneview Park. Club colours are blue and white. Gary Hamilton has been player-manager of the Lurgan Blues since December 2011 following the resignation of Marty Quinn. Glenavon's bitter rivals are Portadown, with their matches known as the "Mid-Ulster Derby".Glenavon was the first provincial club to win the Irish League title (1951–52) and also the first provincial club to do the league and cup double (1956–57). The latter triumph also made them the first Northern Irish team to enter the European Cup. Glenavon has had a number of talented and famous players, none more so than Wilbur Cush and Jimmy Jones, who were  to the fore in "the glory years" of the Fifties.  The success of the 1950s is still the benchmark at the club – the closest the club have come to achieving a league success since came in the 1993–94 season, when but for two late goals in the final match Glenavon would have been crowned champions.
<OGC_Nice>	Olympique Gymnaste Club Nice Côte d'Azur (French pronunciation: ​[ɔlɛ̃pik ʒimnast klœb nis]), commonly referred to as OGC Nice or simply Nice, is a French professional football club based in Nice. The club was founded in 1904 and currently plays in Ligue 1, the top tier of French football. Nice plays its home matches at the Allianz Riviera.Nice was founded under the name Gymnaste Club de Nice and is one of the founding members of the first division of French football. The club has won Ligue 1 four times, the Trophee des Champions one time and the Coupe de France three times. It achieved most of its honours in the 1950s with the club being managed by coaches such as Numa Andoire, Englishman William Berry, and Jean Luciano. The club's last honour was winning the Coupe de France in 1997 after defeating Guingamp 4–3 on penalties in the final. Nice's colours are red and black.
<James_E._Gunn_(astronomer)>	James Edward Gunn (born October 21, 1938) is the Eugene Higgins Professor of Astronomy at Princeton University. Gunn's early theoretical work in astronomy has helped establish the current understanding of how galaxies form, and the properties of the space between galaxies. He also suggested important observational tests to confirm the presence of dark matter in galaxies, and predicted the existence of a Gunn–Peterson trough in the spectra of distant quasars.Cosmology may look like a science, but it isn't a science... A basic tenet of science is that you can do repeatableexperiments, and you can't do that in cosmology.
<Graham_Roberts>	Graham Paul Roberts (born 3 July 1959) is an English retired footballer and manager who played as a defender for numerous clubs including Tottenham Hotspur (where he won the FA Cup and the UEFA Cup), Rangers (where he won the Scottish League and Scottish League Cup), Chelsea (where he won the Second Division) and West Bromwich Albion. He was also capped six times by England. He subsequently served as the head coach of the Pakistan national team and Nepal national team.Roberts was born in Southampton, and joined his local club, Southampton F.C, as an associate schoolboy in October 1973, but failed to make the grade and was released, joining Portsmouth in March 1977. He was sold to Dorchester Town where he impressed before joining local rivals Weymouth. From there he was sold to Tottenham Hotspur in May 1980 for £35,000.
<Adrianne_Wadewitz>	Adrianne Wadewitz (January 6, 1977 – April 8, 2014) was an American feminist scholar of 18th-century British literature, and a Wikipedian and commenter upon Wikipedia, particularly focusing on gender issues. In April 2014, Wadewitz died from head injuries from a fall while rock climbing.The only child of Betty M., a nurse and attorney, and Nathan R. Wadewitz, a Lutheran pastor, Adrianne Wadewitz was born on January 6, 1977, in Omaha, Nebraska. She graduated from North Platte High School in 1995. Wadewitz studied English literature and received a degree in English from Columbia University in 1999. In 2011, she obtained a Ph.D. from Indiana University and became a postdoctoral fellow at the Center for Digital Learning and Research at Occidental College. She was chosen as a Mellon Digital Scholarship Postdoctoral Fellow and a HASTAC scholar.Wadewitz graduated magna cum laude from Columbia University, and later received her master's and doctoral degrees in British literature with a minor in 18th-century studies from Indiana University. She completed both a master's thesis, Doubting Thomas': The Failure of Religious Appropriation in The Age of Reason (2003), and her doctoral dissertation, 'Spare the Sympathy, Spoil the Child:' Sensibility, Selfhood, and the Maturing Reader, 1775–1815 (2011).
<Chen_Liping>	Tan Lee Peng (Chinese: 陈莉萍, born 22 August 1965), known professionally as Chen Liping, is a Singaporean actress managed under Hype Records.Chen began her acting career in 1985 with the Singapore Broadcasting Corporation after completing the drama training course. She is best known for her role as "Miss Ai-Yo-Yo" (哎哟哟老师) in the Singapore Chinese drama series Good Morning, Sir! (早安老师), which earned her a "Most Unforgettable TV Character" Award in Star Awards 2003. Her character was also voted the most memorable character at MediaCorp Channel 8's 45th anniversary special in 2008 and the top 5 most memorable characters poll at the Star Awards 2007 anniversary special celebrating 25 years of Chinese language drama in Singapore.
<Henry_Morgentaler>	Henekh "Henry" Morgentaler, CM (March 19, 1923 – May 29, 2013), was a Polish-born Canadian physician and abortion rights advocate who fought numerous legal battles aimed at expanding abortion rights in Canada. As a Jewish youth during World War II, Morgentaler was imprisoned at the Łódź Ghetto and later at the Dachau concentration camp.After the war, Morgentaler migrated to Canada and entered medical practice, becoming one of the first Canadian doctors to perform vasectomies, to insert intrauterine devices, and to provide birth control pills to unmarried women. He opened his first abortion clinic in 1969 in Montreal, challenging what he saw as an unjust law placing burdensome restrictions on women seeking abortions. He was the first doctor in North America to use vacuum aspiration and went on to open twenty clinics and train more than one hundred doctors. Morgentaler twice challenged the constitutionality of the federal abortion law, losing the first time, in Morgentaler v R in 1975, but winning the second time, in  R v Morgentaler in 1988.In 2008, Morgentaler was awarded the Order of Canada "for his commitment to increased health care options for women, his determined efforts to influence Canadian public policy and his leadership in humanist and civil liberties organizations." Morgentaler died at the age of 90 of a heart attack.
<James_Schureman>	James Schureman (February 12, 1756 – January 22, 1824) was an American merchant and statesman from New Brunswick, New Jersey.  He represented New Jersey in the Continental Congress as well as the United States House of Representatives and United States Senate.James was born in New Brunswick in the Province of New Jersey and attended Queen's College (now Rutgers University), graduating in 1775. When he graduated he raised a volunteer company in New Brunswick and led it as Captain in the Middlesex County militia.  He led them in the Battle of Brooklyn on August 27, 1776 where he was captured.  He was held as a prisoner of war until early in the spring of 1777 when he escaped to rejoin the Continental Army at Morristown.
<Lakeland_FM>	Lakeland FM was a New Zealand radio station based in Taupo.The station was started by Radio New Zealand (which at the time was known as the National Broadcasting Service) in the 1960s as Radio Lakeland at 1500AM with the call sign 1ZA. Radio Lakeland also broadcast in Turangi on 1390AM with the call sign 1ZT. In 1978 after AM band in New Zealand was changed from 10 kHz spacing to 9 kHz spacing the Taupo station moved to 1494AM and the Turangi station moved to 1386AM.
<Graham_Pratten>	Frederick Graham Pratten (13 December 1899 – 18 December 1977) was an Australian politician. He was a Nationalist Party member of the Australian House of Representatives for Martin from 1928 to 1929 and a member of the New South Wales Legislative Council from 1937 to 1976, successively representing the United Australia Party (1937-1945), Liberal Party (1945-1960) and Country Party (1959-1972).Pratten was born in Leichhardt and was educated at Abbotsholme College, Sydney Church of England Grammar School and the University of Sydney, graduating with a bachelor of science in 1923. He worked in his family's firm, Pratten Bros., and subsequently took over as managing director of the business before he first entered politics. He was a director of the Australian board of London Assurance, the Pan Australia Unit Trust and Wentworth Hotel Limited, and was secretary of the Pymble branch of the Nationalist Party.
<Confessions_of_an_Economic_Hit_Man>	Confessions of an Economic Hit Man is a semi-autobiographical book written by John Perkins, first published in 2004.The book provides Perkins' account of his career with engineering consulting firm Chas. T. Main in Boston. Perkins claims that the NSA arranged for him to be hired by the firm, and that he was subsequently seduced and trained as an "economic hitman" by a mysterious businesswoman named Claudine. Perkins writes that his primary role at Chas T. Main was to convince leaders of underdeveloped countries to accept substantial development loans for large construction and engineering projects, thus trapping them in a system of American influence and control. The book was a commercial success, but critics expressed doubts about the accuracy of the claims Perkins made in Confessions of an Economic Hit Man. Perkins was referred to as a conspiracy theorist by one reviewer, while a number of former colleagues at Chas T. Main disputed or disagreed with some of his allegations. Several reviewers discussed a lack of documentation or verification for Perkins' claims.  
<Paulo_Pereira_da_Silva>	Paulo Pereira da Silva, better known as Paulinho da Força (born February 24, 1956) is a Brazilian metallurgist and politician. He had served as federal deputy from 2007 to 2020, until he had his mandate repealed and political rights suspended by the Supreme Federal Court in June 2020. Pereira is a member of Solidariedade (SD).This article about a Brazilian politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Jon_Tenney>	Jonathan Frederick Tenney (born December 16, 1961) is an American actor. He played Special Agent Fritz Howard in TNT's The Closer and continued in its spinoff Major Crimes.Tenney was born in Princeton, New Jersey. His mother, Dr. Lillian Sandra Baum, was a psychiatrist, and his father, Frederick Haworth Tenney, was a research physicist. His maternal grandparents were Polish Jewish immigrants, while his paternal forebears were of English ancestry. He received his B.A. degree from Vassar College in 1984, where he majored in drama and philosophy. He later attended The Juilliard School's Drama Division as a member of Group 19 (1986–1990).Tenney made his acting debut in a touring production of Mike Nichols' The Real Thing. He worked steadily on and off-Broadway, and in regional theater. At New York City, his stage credits include Biloxi Blues, The Substance of Fire and The Heiress. He began working on television, starring in a number of short-lived series, including Steven Bochco's Brooklyn South, Kristin Chenoweth's sitcom Kristin, and guest appearances on Cybill, Will & Grace, Murphy Brown, Spenser: for Hire and Get Real. Series with Tenney as a regular were canceled on all four major networks.
<Itay_Shechter>	Itay Menachem Shechter (or Etey Schechter, Hebrew: איתי שכטר; born 22 February 1987) is an Israeli professional footballer who plays as a forward for Hapoel Be'er Sheva. He has played for the Israel national under-18 football team, Israel national under-19 football team, Israel national under-21 football team, and Israel national football team. He won a gold medal at the 2005 Maccabiah Games with Team Israel. He has formerly played for  Hapoel Nazareth Illit, Maccabi Netanya, 1. FC Kaiserslautern , Swansea City, Hapoel Tel Aviv, Nantes, Maccabi Haifa, Beitar Jerusalem, and Maccabi Tel Aviv.Shechter was born in Ramat Yishai, Israel, to a family of Ashkenazi Jewish (Romanian-Jewish) descent. As a senior footballer, Shechter attended Torah classes twice a week, and also puts on tefillin every morning.
<Westland_IV>	The Westland IV and Westland Wessex were British high wing, three-engined light transport aircraft built by Westland Aircraft.In 1928, Westland began work on a small three-engined airliner, suitable for low volume, "feeder-liner" type operation, as a follow-on to its single-engined Westland Limousine transport. The new type was known as the Limousine IV early in development, which soon became the name Westland IV. The Westland IV was a high-winged monoplane with a mainly wooden structure. The fuselage was of square section and built around spruce longerons and ash frames, with internal wire bracing and fabric covering. The wings had wooden box spars and spruce wing ribs in a Warren girder arrangement, and were braced to the fuselage by streamlined struts. The aircraft had a fixed tailwheel undercarriage.
<Frank_Pecora>	Frank Anthony Pecora (August 8, 1930 – June 12, 2017) was a member of the Pennsylvania State Senate, who represented the 44th District from 1979 to 1994.Pecora was first elected to the Senate in 1978.
<Kyrylo_Doroshenko>	Kyrylo Doroshenko (Ukrainian: Кирило Олександрович Дорошенко; born 17 November 1989) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder.Doroshenko is a product of FC Shakhtar Donetsk sportive school. He spent time with different Ukrainian teams that play in the Ukrainian First League.
<Daniel_Nathans>	Daniel Nathans (October 30, 1928 – November 16, 1999) was an American microbiologist. He shared the 1978 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for the discovery of restriction enzymes and their application in restriction mapping.Nathans was born in Wilmington, Delaware, the last of nine children born to Russian Jewish immigrant parents, Sarah (Levitan) and Samuel Nathans. During the Great Depression his father lost his small business and was unemployed for a long time.Nathans attended public schools and then to the University of Delaware, where he received his BS degree in chemistry in 1950. He received his MD degree from Washington University in St. Louis in 1954 and did a one-year internship at  Presbyterian Medical Center with Robert Loeb.
<Rosapenna>	Rosapenna is a novel published in 1983 by the Norwegian writer Ola Bauer. The book introduced Belfast and Northern Ireland into Norwegian literature.The novel is the fourth in a series about the character "Jo Vendt". The first book, Bauer's debut novel Graffiti published in 1976 under the pseudonym Jo Vendt, describes the principal character's tough childhood as a dropout sent to schools for maladjusted children. The next novel, Bulk (1978), describes "Jo"as a sailor with a background from a debauched life in Oslo. Humlehjertene from 1980 is about the anarchist "Jo Vendt" who travels to Paris in 1968, falls in love with a Finnish girl, and ends up on the barricades with paving stones in his hands.
<Lucie_Aubrac>	Lucie Samuel (29 June 1912 – 14 March 2007), born Lucie Bernard, and better known as Lucie Aubrac (French pronunciation: [lysi obʁak] (listen)), was a French history teacher and member of the French Resistance during World War II. In 1938, she earned an agrégation of history (something highly uncommon for a woman at that time), and in 1939 she married Raymond Samuel, who became known as Raymond Aubrac during the war.In 1940, she was amongst the first to join the French Resistance. In Clermont-Ferrand, Emmanuel d'Astier de La Vigerie formed the Resistant group La Dernière Colonne, later known as Libération-sud, with her husband and Jean Cavaillès. During 1941, the group carried out two sabotage attacks at train stations in Perpignan and Cannes. In February, they organised the distribution of 10,000 propaganda flyers, but one of the distributors was caught by the police, leading to the arrest of d'Astier's niece and uncle. At this time she gave birth to her first child. The group decided to hide and after a few months' hiatus, they began to work on an underground newspaper, Libération. The first edition was put together with the help of the typographers from a local newspaper and printed on paper supplied by local trade-unionists; 10,000 copies were produced in July 1941.
<Walking_Happy>	Walking Happy is a musical with music by Jimmy Van Heusen, lyrics by Sammy Cahn and book by Roger O. Hirson and Ketti Frings. The story is based on the 1916 play Hobson's Choice by Harold Brighouse. The musical was nominated for six Tony Awards, including Best Musical.The title song "Walking Happy" was originally meant to be used in the 1963 film Papa's Delicate Condition, with Jackie Gleason singing it, but it was dropped before the film's release. The production opened on Broadway at the Lunt-Fontanne Theatre on November 26, 1966 and ran for 161 performances. Directed by Cy Feuer with choreography by Danny Daniels, the cast included George Rose as Henry Hobson, Norman Wisdom as Will Mossop, Louise Troy as Maggie Hobson, and Ed Bakey as George Beenstock. Conductor Herbert Grossman served as Music Director. 
<Paulo_Santos_(Portuguese_footballer)>	Paulo Jorge da Silva dos Santos (born 11 December 1972) is a Portuguese retired professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.He appeared in 275 Primeira Liga matches over 14 seasons, representing in the competition Benfica, Estrela da Amadora, Alverca, Porto, Varzim, Braga and Rio Ave.
<Kjell_Grede>	Kjell Birger Grede (12 August 1936 – 15 December 2017) was a Swedish film director. He directed nine films between 1967 and 2003. He was married to actress Bibi Andersson from 1960 to 1973.His 1967 film Hugo and Josephine won the Guldbagge Award for Best Film and Grede won the award for Best Director at the 5th Guldbagge Awards. His film Harry Munter was entered into the 1970 Cannes Film Festival. His 1987 film Hip Hip Hurrah! won him the award for Best Director at the 23rd Guldbagge Awards. In 1991 his film Good Evening, Mr. Wallenberg was entered into the 41st Berlin International Film Festival and won four awards at the 26th Guldbagge Awards, including Best Film and Best Direction.
<Estadio_La_Peineta>	Metropolitano Stadium (Spanish: Estadio Metropolitano), also referred to as Cívitas Metropolitano for sponsorship reasons, is a stadium in Madrid, Spain. It has been the home stadium of Atlético Madrid since the 2017–18 season. It is located in the Rosas neighbourhood, in the San Blas-Canillejas district.The stadium was built as part of Madrid's unsuccessful bid to host the 1997 World Athletics Championships, and was opened on 6 September 1994 by the Community of Madrid. It was closed in 2004 due to the city's unsuccessful bid for the 2016 Olympics and in 2013 it passed into the possession of Atlético Madrid. The stadium was renovated and the new facility was reopened to the public on 16 September 2017, when Atlético Madrid faced Málaga in La Liga. The stadium had a capacity of 20,000 spectators upon its closure and re-opened with a seating capacity of 68,456 after renovation. 
<John_F._O'Leary>	John Francis O'Leary (June 23, 1926 – December 19, 1987) was an American government official and business executive. He held top positions in the Federal Energy Administration and the U.S. Department of Energy before moving to the private sector, where he rose to chairman and chief executive officer of General Public Utilities Corp.O'Leary was born on June 23, 1926, in Reno, Nevada. He was educated in public schools in Nevada and California. O'Leary graduated from Central High School in Washington, D.C. and entered the U.S. Army in 1945. He was discharged with the rating of corporal in 1946. He received a Bachelor of Arts in economics from the George Washington University in 1950. From 1950 to 1953, he continued doing graduate work in economics at George Washington University.
<Joseph_Davies_(Australian_politician)>	Joseph Thomas Davies (29 May 1880 – 16 July 1954) was an Australian trade unionist and politician who was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1917 to 1924, representing the seat of Guildford.Davies was born in Pontypridd, Wales, to Elizabeth Olivia (née Morgan) and Joseph Edward Davies. He began working in the coal mines of South Wales as a boy, and then in 1899 emigrated to Australia. Davies settled in Perth, where he worked as a labourer (and later boilermaker) at the Midland Railway Workshops. He was involved in various railway trade unions, and in 1911 began working full-time as a union official. Davies also served on the West Guildford Road Board from 1907.
<The_Final_Passage>	The Final Passage is Caryl Phillips's debut novel. First published in 1985, it is about the Caribbean diaspora exemplified in the lives of a young family from a small island of the British West Indies who decide to join the 1950s exodus to the mother country. They arrive in London full of hope, but their hopes are thwarted while new challenges, if not opportunities, never thought of before, seem to arise.The year is 1958. Leila is a 19-year-old woman who has to care for her very sick mother. She has never known her father, and her mother, who is only 40, has even refrained from telling her about him. As her skin is lighter than that of most of the other islanders she believes that she was the product of an affair her mother must have had with a white man. That, she thinks, would also explain her mother's distrust of white people, an attitude she has always tried to pass on to her daughter. Leila has a very good friend in Millie, who is more down to earth and knows much better what she wants to achieve in life.
<Dancing_at_Lughnasa>	Dancing at Lughnasa  is a 1990 play by dramatist Brian Friel set in County Donegal in Ulster in the north of Ireland in August 1936 in the fictional town of Ballybeg. It is a memory play told from the point of view of the adult Michael Evans, the narrator. He recounts the summer in his aunts' cottage when he was seven years old.This play is loosely based on the lives of Friel's mother and aunts who lived in Glenties, a small town in the south-west of County Donegal in the west of Ulster. Set in the summer of 1936, the play depicts the late summer days when love briefly seems possible for five of the Mundy sisters (Maggie, Chris, Agnes, Rose, and Kate) and the family welcomes home the frail elder brother, Jack, who has returned from a life as a missionary in Africa. However, as the summer ends, the family foresees the sadness and economic privations under which they will suffer as all hopes fade.
<Leigh_Brackett>	Leigh Douglass Brackett (December 7, 1915 – March 18, 1978) was an American science fiction writer known as "the Queen of Space Opera." She was also a screenwriter, known for The Big Sleep (1946), Rio Bravo (1959), and The Long Goodbye (1973). She also worked on an early draft of The Empire Strikes Back (1980), elements of which remained in the film; she died before it went into production. In 1956, her book The Long Tomorrow made her the first woman ever shortlisted for the Hugo Award for Best Novel, and, along with C. L. Moore, one of the first two women ever nominated for a Hugo Award. In 2020, she won a Retro Hugo for her novel The Nemesis From Terra, originally published as "Shadow Over Mars" (Startling Stories, Fall 1944).Leigh Brackett was born and raised in Los Angeles, California. Her father died when she was very young; her mother did not remarry. She was a tomboy, "tall" and "athletic". She attended a private girls' school in Santa Monica, California, where she was involved in theater and began writing.
<Dresden>	Dresden (/ˈdrɛzdən/, German: [ˈdʁeːsdn̩] (listen); Upper Saxon: Dräsdn; Upper Sorbian: Drježdźany) is the capital city of the German state of Saxony and its second most populous city, after Leipzig. It is the 12th most populous city of Germany, the fourth largest by area (after Berlin, Hamburg and Cologne), and the third most populous city in the area of former East Germany, after Berlin and Leipzig. Dresden's urban area comprises the towns of Freital, Pirna, Radebeul, Meissen, Coswig, Radeberg and Heidenau and has around 790,000 inhabitants. The Dresden metropolitan area has approximately 1.34 million inhabitants.Dresden is the second largest city on the River Elbe after Hamburg. Most of the city's population lives in the Elbe Valley, but a large, albeit very sparsely populated area of the city east of the Elbe lies in the West Lusatian Hill Country and Uplands (the westernmost part of the Sudetes) and thus in Lusatia. Many boroughs west of the Elbe lie in the foreland of the Ore Mountains, as well as in the valleys of the rivers rising there and flowing through Dresden, the longest of which are the Weißeritz and the Lockwitzbach. The name of the city as well as the names of most of its boroughs and rivers are of Sorbian origin.
<Nicolas_Roeg>	Nicolas Jack Roeg CBE BSC (/ˈroʊɡ/; 15 August 1928 – 23 November 2018) was an English film director and cinematographer, best known for directing Performance (1970), Walkabout (1971), Don't Look Now (1973), The Man Who Fell to Earth (1976), Bad Timing (1980), and The Witches (1990).Making his directorial debut 23 years after his entry into the film business, Roeg quickly became known for an idiosyncratic visual and narrative style, characterized by the use of disjointed and disorienting editing. For this reason, he is considered a highly influential filmmaker, cited as an inspiration by such directors as Steven Soderbergh, Christopher Nolan, and Danny Boyle.
<It's_a_Wonderful_Life>	It's a Wonderful Life is a 1946 American Christmas fantasy drama film produced and directed by Frank Capra, based on the short story and booklet The Greatest Gift, which Philip Van Doren Stern self-published in 1943 and is in turn loosely based on the 1843 Charles Dickens novella A Christmas Carol. The film stars James Stewart as George Bailey, a man who has given up his personal dreams in order to help others in his community and whose thoughts of suicide on Christmas Eve bring about the intervention of his guardian angel, Clarence Odbody (Henry Travers). Clarence shows George all the lives he touched and what the world would be like if he did not exist. Theatrically, the film's break-even point was $6.3 million, about twice the production cost, a figure it did not come close to achieving on its initial release. Because of the film's disappointing sales, Capra was seen by some studios as having lost his ability to produce popular, financially successful films. Although It's a Wonderful Life initially received mixed reviews and was unsuccessful at the box office, it became a Christmas classic after its copyright lapsed and it fell into the public domain, which allowed it to be broadcast without licensing or royalty fees.
<Levan_Koguashvili>	Levan Koguashvili (Georgian: ლევან კოღუაშვილი; March 18, 1973) is a Georgian film director and screenwriter. He studied in Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography after graduating school.Levan Koguashvili was born in 1973 in Tbilisi, Georgia. He began his studies at the State Institute of Film and Theatre in Tbilisi, and then worked as a journalist for independent television after civil war broke out in Georgia. He studied Film Directing at the Russian State University of Cinematography (VGIK) in Moscow between 1994 and 1999.He Graduated from the Tisch School of Art's Graduate Film Program in New York City in 2006 and he made several short films and documentaries. His 2006 short film, The Debt, was an Official Selection of the 2006 Sundance Film Festival, and his documentary, Women from Georgia, was selected for the Panorama section of the 2009 Sarajevo Film Festival.
<Simon_Called_Peter>	Simon Called Peter is a novel by Robert Keable (1887–1927)  which was a best-seller in 1921. The title is a reference to Simon Peter the apostle and first Pope of the Catholic Church.In 1921 it was met with astonishing success, and its runaway popularity won Keable a level of celebrity. The book reportedly sold over 600,000 copies during the 1920s, reaching a 66th edition by 1922. A largely autobiographical work, Simon Called Peter is the tale of a priest, Peter Graham, who has an affair in wartime France with a nurse named Julie. The title character almost abandons his faith for love, but experiences a direct revelation of Christ while watching a Catholic mass and is given up by his lover, who sees his sincerity. The book was controversial at its introduction due to its sexual and religious content.It was made into a play in 1924 by Jules Eckert Goodman and Edward Knoblock; which had a short run on Broadway.
<Johanna_Reiss>	Johanna Reiss (/riːs/ REESS; born 4 April 1932) is a Dutch-American writer whose work focuses on her experiences as a Jewish child during the Second World War. Her books have been compared to the writing of Anne Frank.Johanna Reiss was born Johanna "Annie" de Leeuw on 4 April 1932 in Winterswijk in The Netherlands, one of three sisters. Reiss was from a Jewish family and survived the Holocaust, along with her older sister Sini, by hiding in the attic of a farming family (Johan and Dientje Oosterveld, and his mother, Opoe) in the rural village of Usselo for three years. Her mother was in hospital, where she died from causes unrelated to the conflict, and her father and oldest sister Rachel were in hiding, separately.
<British_Land>	The British Land Company plc is one of the largest property development and investment companies in the United Kingdom.  The firm became a real estate investment trust when REITs were introduced in the UK in January 2007.  It is headquartered in London, England.  It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index and a founding member of the European Public Real Estate Association.The British Land Company was founded in 1856 as an offshoot of the National Freehold Land Society (later Abbey National) formed in 1849 with the two chief architects of the freehold land movement Richard Cobden and John Bright. Both were ardent supporters of a movement to extend enfranchisement. To qualify for a parliamentary vote it was then necessary to be a landowner and the main object of the National Freehold was to facilitate the acquisition of small plots of land by the people. To do this the British Land Co. would purchase land and then resell it on the best terms to any customer who wanted to buy it. With the extension of the franchise, this reason ceased to govern the operation of the company, and it began to operate as a normal business in the latter part of the nineteenth century.
<Gilt_Groupe>	Gilt is an online shopping and lifestyle website based in the United States, launched in 2007. On January 7, 2016, The company was sold to Hudson's Bay Company for approximately $250 million. Prior to the Hudson’s Bay acquisition, sales were exceeding growth projections but the firm had not been profitable yet. On June 4, 2018, Boston, Massachusetts-based Rue La La acquired Gilt from HBC.Gilt Groupe is based in New York City with warehouses in Brooklyn, New York, Las Vegas, Nevada, and Shepherdsville, Kentucky.The company was co-founded by Kevin P. Ryan, Alexis Maybank, and Alexandra Wilson; who modeled Gilt after Vente-Privee, an online fashion retailer in France. The original  business plan consisted of  "flash sales," selling a limited number of luxury designer items at steep discounts for brief periods.
<Gathering_of_Developers>	Gathering of Developers, Inc. (shortened as G.O.D. or GodGames, and branded as Gathering between 2003 and 2004) was an American video game publisher based in New York City. Founded by Mike Wilson and associates in January 1998 and originally based in Dallas, the company was acquired by Take-Two Interactive in May 2000. Between May 2000 and March 2001, Gathering of Developers also operated a division, On Deck Interactive, which acted as their mass market label. In August 2001, Take-Two Interactive closed Gathering of Developers' Dallas headquarters and moved the label in-house, to New York City. The label was shut down in September 2004, with all assets consumed by Global Star Software.Gathering of Developers was announced by Mike Wilson in 1997, with the official opening scheduled for January 1998. Wilson had previously been the CEO of Ion Storm, a video game developer. Wilson's stated vision for the company was to have a video games publisher run by experienced developers rather than marketeers and conventional businessmen.
<Mae_Murray>	Mae Murray (born Marie Adrienne Koenig; May 10, 1885 – March 23, 1965) was an American actress, dancer, film producer, and screenwriter. Murray rose to fame during the silent film era and was known as "The Girl with the Bee-Stung Lips" and "The Gardenia of the Screen".Murray was born in New York City, the second-oldest child of Joseph and Mary (née Miller) Koenig. Her maternal grandparents had emigrated from France while her paternal grandparents had emigrated from Germany. She had two brothers, William Robert (born November 1889) and Howard Joseph (born January 1884).
<John_Wayne>	Marion Robert Morrison (May 26, 1907 – June 11, 1979), known professionally as John Wayne and nicknamed The Duke or Duke Wayne, was an American actor who became a popular icon through his starring roles in films made during Hollywood's Golden Age, especially in Western and war movies. His career flourished from the silent era of the 1920s through the American New Wave, as he appeared in a total of 179 film and television productions. He was among the top box-office draws for three decades, and he appeared with many other important Hollywood stars of his era. In 1999, the American Film Institute selected Wayne as one of the greatest male stars of classic American cinema.Wayne was born in Winterset, Iowa, but grew up in Southern California. After losing his football scholarship to the University of Southern California from a bodysurfing accident, he began working for the Fox Film Corporation. He appeared mostly in small parts, but his first leading role came in Raoul Walsh's Western The Big Trail (1930), an early widescreen film epic that was a box-office failure. He played leading roles in numerous B movies during the 1930s, most of them also Westerns, without becoming a major name. John Ford's Stagecoach (1939) made Wayne a mainstream star, and he starred in 142 motion pictures altogether. According to one biographer, "John Wayne personified for millions the nation's frontier heritage."
<The_Misfit_(TV_series)>	The Misfit was an ATV sitcom series  starring Ronald Fraser, Patrick Newell and Simon Ward. It was written by Roy Clarke and was broadcast from 1970 to 1971 on ITV.Basil Allenby-Johnson ("Badger" for short) returned from a colonial life in Malaya to an England he no longer recognized. Each episode explored Badger's response to a different aspect of modern life in a Britain which had just emerged from the Swinging Sixties.
<Barnard_Medal_for_Meritorious_Service_to_Science>	The Barnard Medal for Meritorious Service to Science was established in 1889 by the will of Columbia University president Frederick A. P. Barnard, and has been awarded by Columbia University, based on recommendations by the National Academy of Sciences, every 5 years since 1895. It is not to be confused with the Barnard Medal of Distinction.“The Trustees of Columbia College shall cause to be struck, with suitable devices, a medal of gold, nine-tenths fine, of the bullion value of not less two hundred dollars, to be styled “THE BARNARD MEDAL FOR MERITORIOUS SERVICE TO SCIENCE,” and shall publicly announce that a copy of the same will be awarded, at the close of every quinquennial period, dating from the probate of this my last Will and Testament, to such person, whether a citizen of the United States of or any other country, as shall, within the five years next preceding, have made such discovery in physical or astronomical science, or such novel application of science to purposes beneficial to the human race, as, in the judgment of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States, shall be esteemed most worthy of such an honor.  And I make it my request that the said National Academy of Sciences shall charge itself with the duty of declaring to the Trustees of Columbia College, aforesaid, at the close of every term of five years, as above defined, the name of the person whom they judge worthy to receive such medal, with a statement of the reasons on which their judgment is founded; and that upon such declaration and nomination, the Trustees shall proceed to award the said medal, and shall transmit the same to the person entitled to receive it, accompanied by a diploma or certificate attesting the fact and the occasion of the award. But, if the National Academy of Sciences shall judge that, during the five years preceding the date at which, as above provided, this award shall become due, no discovery in physical or astronomical science, or no new application of scientific principles to useful purposes, has been made worthy of the distinction proposed, then it is my wish and request the award shall be for that time omitted.  And I would further desire, that the medal above described should bear, if it can be accomplished without interfering with the appropriate artistic devices upon its obverse side, the motto, Magna est Veritas, and upon its reverse the motto, Deo optimo Maximo, Gloria in Excelsis.”In awarding the Barnard Medal in 1910 President Butler of Columbia University said :
<FC_Erzgebirge_Aue>	Fußball Club Erzgebirge Aue e.V., commonly known as simply FC Erzgebirge Aue or Erzgebirge Aue (German pronunciation: [ˌeːɐ̯t͡sɡəbɪʁɡə ˈaʊ̯ə] (listen)), is a German football club based in Aue-Bad Schlema, Saxony. The former East German side was a founding member of the 3. Liga in 2008–09, after being relegated from the 2. Bundesliga in 2007–08. The city of Aue-Bad Schlema has a population of about 20,800, making it one of the smallest cities to ever host a club playing at the second highest level of German football. However, the team attracts supporters from a larger urban area that includes Chemnitz and Zwickau, whose own football sides (CFC and FSV) are among Aue's traditional rivals.The club was founded as SG Aue in 1945, and on 1 November 1948 became BSG Pneumatik Aue under the sponsorship of the local construction tool works. Changes in sponsorship led to a change in name to BSG Zentra Wismut Aue  in 1949 and then simply to BSG Wismut Aue in 1951.
<Bleak_House_(2005_TV_serial)>	Bleak House is a fifteen-part BBC television drama serial adaptation of the Charles Dickens novel of the same name, which was originally published in 1852–53 as itself a print serialisation over 20 months. Produced with an all-star cast, the serial was shown on BBC One from 27 October to 16 December 2005, and drew much critical and popular praise. It has been reported that the total cost of the production was in the region of £8 million.Written by Andrew Davies, the serial was produced by Nigel Stafford-Clark and directed by Justin Chadwick and Susanna White.
<Michael_Cheng_Tak-kin>	Michael Cheng Tak-kin, JP (traditional Chinese: 鄭德健; simplified Chinese: 郑德健; born 1938) was the member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong and Wong Tai Sin District Board.Born in Hong Kong, Michael Cheng studied at the La Salle College in his youth. Cheng obtained his bachelor's degree in History and Political Science from the University of Hong Kong and master's degree in education from the Chinese University of Hong Kong. He was the principal of the Po Leung Kuk CFA No.1 College.
<Telltale_Games>	Telltale Incorporated (trade name: Telltale Games) was an American video game developer based in San Rafael, California. The company was founded in July 2004 by former LucasArts developers Kevin Bruner, Dan Connors and Troy Molander, following LucasArts' decision to leave the adventure game genre. Telltale established itself to focus on adventure games using a novel episodic release schedule over digital distribution, creating its own game engine, the Telltale Tool, to support this. It closed in October 2018 after filing for bankruptcy protection.Telltale's initial successes were on games using intellectual properties with small but dedicated fan bases, including Sam & Max, Wallace & Gromit, Homestar Runner, and Bone. Around 2010, the studio gained more lucrative licensing opportunities in more mainstream properties such as Back to the Future and Jurassic Park. Telltale's critical breakout game came in 2012's The Walking Dead, based on the comic book series of the same name. It introduced a more narrative-directed approach that diverged from the standard adventure game "point and click" gameplay. The Walking Dead gave the player the ability to make choices that may affect how future events in the game or its sequels play out, effectively allowing players to craft their own personalized take on the offered story. Nearly all of Telltale's adventure games afterwards featured this player choice-driven approach. The Walking Dead was critically praised and considered to have revitalized the adventure game genre since LucasArts' departure from it in 2004.
<Tituss_Burgess>	Tituss Burgess (born February 21, 1979) is an American actor and singer. He has appeared in numerous Broadway musicals and is known for his high tenor voice. He is best known for starring as Titus Andromedon on the Netflix comedy series Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt (2015–2020), for which he has received five Primetime Emmy Award nominations.Born and raised in Athens, Georgia, he attended Cedar Shoals High School where he was active in the theatre program. He graduated from the University of Georgia with a BA in music. He is gay.Burgess made his great Broadway debut in the musical Good Vibrations as Eddie in 2005, and then appeared in Jersey Boys in 2005 as Hal Miller. He originated the role of "Sebastian the Crab" in the musical The Little Mermaid in 2007 and went on to the role of Nicely-Nicely Johnson, traditionally played by a white actor, in the revival of Guys and Dolls in 2009. He has also performed in several regional theater productions, including The Wiz and Jesus Christ Superstar.
<Raymond_Pitcairn>	Raymond Pitcairn (1885 – July 12, 1966), son of PPG Industries founder John Pitcairn, was a lawyer, a businessman, a collector of ancient and medieval art, and an amateur architect. He supervised the building of the Bryn Athyn Cathedral, his own castle-mansion of Glencairn, and the "Zeus of the Catskills" Glen Tonche. Pitcairn was also quite politically active. A Republican, he served as one of the delegates to Pennsylvania's convention to ratify the Twenty-first Amendment in 1933, and was one of Pennsylvania's delegates to the 1956 Republican National Convention. He was also the national chairman and a major financial supporter of the Sentinels of the Republic, which opposed the expansion of federal regulation and the New Deal.Pitcairn died on July 12, 1966, and was buried at Bryn Athyn Cemetery, in Bryn Athyn, Pennsylvania.
<Sneak_Prevue>	Sneak Prevue was an American pay television network that served as a barker channel to provide previews of pay-per-view films and events to cable television providers. The channel launched in 1991 and existed until 2002.Sneak Prevue launched in 1991 as a service for promoting pay-per-view services, providing viewers with a listing and showcase of the events and movies that were showing in the next 30 minutes, up to previews of coming films and events. It was originally owned by the Prevue Networks subsidiary of United Video Satellite Group, and was spun off from the television listings service Prevue Channel (which would become TVGN, and is now known as Pop). In 1999, when the Prevue Channel transformed into the TV Guide Channel, Sneak Prevue remained under its respective name and format.On June 11, 1998, United Video Satellite Group purchased TV Guide from News Corporation for $800 million and 60 million shares of stock worth an additional $1.2 billion (this followed an earlier merger attempt between the two companies in 1996 that eventually fell apart).  This resulted in subsequent renaming of Prevue Channel to the TV Guide Channel on February 1. Following the purchase, a revamp of Sneak Prevue's software and on-air presentation was implemented after February 1, 1999, or whenever cable companies upgraded their equipment for TVGC's new presentation mode.
<4ZB>	4ZB was an adult contemporary radio station in Dunedin, New Zealand.The station was started by the New Zealand Broadcasting Service in 1937 originally broadcasting on 1040AM. The station was branded from the stations callsign 4ZB. ZB stations were assigned to the four main regions in New Zealand, Auckland, Wellington, Christchurch and Dunedin. While content was local some network shows were heard such as Aunt Daisy up until 1963. In 1978 the station moved to 1044AM after New Zealand changed from 10 kHz spacing on the AM band to 9 kHz spacing. From the 1970s programming was extended into Central Otago on 640AM (callsign 4YW) and Queenstown (callsign 4YQ) on 1120AM, these stations moved to 639AM and 1134AM, respectively, in 1978. The Queenstown and Central Otago stations ran a mixture of National Radio and 4ZB programming. Both Queenstown and Central Otago frequencies were later used to solely broadcast RNZ National, however they were both switched off in April 2019.
<Milko_Djurovski>	Milko Djurovski (Macedonian: Милко Ѓуровски, romanized: Milko Gjurovski, Serbo-Croatian: Milko Đurovski / Милко Ђуровски; born 26 January 1963) is a Macedonian former professional footballer and manager. He was regarded as one of the most talented Yugoslav players of his generation.Djurovski started out at Red Star Belgrade, making his senior debut in 1979, aged 16. He spent a total of seven seasons in their first team, winning two national championships (1981 and 1984) and two national cups (1982 and 1985). In the summer of 1986, Djurovski made a surprising and controversial move to Red Star's bitter rivals Partizan. He stayed for four years at Stadion JNA, including an inactive season because of his compulsory military service. Some of his most memorable performances with the Crno-beli include a 1989–90 European Cup Winners' Cup tie against Groningen, which eventually secured him a transfer to the Dutch club in 1990. In his later years, Djurovski went on to play for several Slovenian clubs.
<Sydney>	Sydney (/ˈsɪdni/ (listen) SID-nee) is the capital city of the state of New South Wales, and the most populous city in both Australia and Oceania. Located on Australia's east coast, the metropolis surrounds Sydney Harbour and extends about 70 km (43.5 mi) towards the Blue Mountains to the west, Hawkesbury to the north, the Royal National Park to the south and Macarthur to the south-west. Sydney is made up of 658 suburbs, spread across 33 local government areas. Residents of the city are known as "Sydneysiders". The 2021 census recorded the population of Greater Sydney as 5,231,150, meaning the city is home to approximately 66% of the state's population. Nicknames of the city include the 'Emerald City' and the 'Harbour City'.
<Ruth_Chatterton>	Ruth Chatterton (December 24, 1892 – November 24, 1961) was an American stage, film, and television actress, aviator and novelist. She was at her most popular in the early to mid-1930s, and in the same era gained prominence as an aviator, one of the few female pilots in the United States at the time. In the late 1930s, Chatterton retired from film acting but continued her career on the stage. She had several TV roles beginning in the late 1940s and became a successful novelist in the 1950s. Chatterton was born in New York City on December 24, 1892 to Walter, an architect, and Lillian (née Reed) Chatterton. She was of English and French extraction. Her parents separated while she was young. Chatterton attended Mrs. Hagen's School in Pelham, New York.
<The_Decline_of_Eastern_Christianity>	The Decline of Eastern Christianity under Islam: From Jihad to Dhimmitude is a 1991 book by author Bat Ye'or. In the book the author describes her interpretation of the waning of the Eastern Christendom under the Islamic empire's conquests. The book was first published in France as Le déclin du christianisme oriental: Entre jihad et dhimmitude VIIe-XXe siècle in 1991 with a foreword by Jacques Ellul and was translated into English in 1996.Bat Yeor described the thesis of her book as: "This is not a book about Islam; it neither examines its expansion nor its civilization. Its objective is the study of that multitude of peoples subjected by Islam, and to determine as far as possible the complex processes-both endogenous and exogenous-that brought about their gradual extinction. A phenomenon of dissolution, which after all is hardly exceptional, and is part and parcel of the evolutionary cycle of societies...I have approached this theme as the object of historical research and have not considered it necessary to resort to apologetic formulas or historical embellishments, which under the cover of objectivity, have unfortunately become the norm in this field. Evidently, such a study can only project a negative picture of the Muslim peoples, since it is integrated, sometimes by political design-within the actual process of the disintegration experienced by the conquered peoples. Despite this important disadvantage, I did not feel it expedient to abandon my research, thinking that the prestige of a civilization, which has made such eminent contributions at both the cultural and scientific levels, would hardly suffer if, alongside its splendid and triumphant epic, a very small place was set aside for these forgotten peoples. I hope that I shall not be unduly criticized for offering them a tribute of well-deserved sympathy and respect".The book consists of two parts, an analysis, which aims to paint a broad picture of the conversion of the Near East to Islam, and an appendix containing selected primary sources. The book focuses only upon the Christian communities in Iran, Mesopotamia, Armenia, Anatolia, the Levant, Egypt, Libya and the Maghreb. Yeor argues that the way that lands were once solidly Christian such as what is now modern Turkey, Syria, Iraq, and Egypt that became solidly Muslim over the centuries were due to what she called dhimmitude, arguing that the status of being a dhimmi (a non-Muslim under Muslim rule) was a second-class one that eventually forced the vast majority of the Christians to convert to Islam. The emphasis of the analysis lies on the near past, especially the 19th century. The appendix contains translations of Islamic and non-Islamic sources from the Middle Ages and Western sources of newer date.
<Howard_&_Wyndham_Ltd>	Howard & Wyndham Ltd was a theatre owning, production and management company named after John B. Howard and Frederick W. P. Wyndham, founded in Glasgow in 1895, and which became the largest of its type in Britain. The company continued well into the 20th century. Its theatres were eventually sold in the 1960s, and the shareholding came under American control.The company was founded in 1895 by Baillie Michael Simons of Glasgow to formalise and extend an 1883 partnership between Irish-born John B. Howard (1841–1895) and Edinburgh-born Frederick W. P. Wyndham (1853–1930), son of actor-manager Robert Henry Wyndham. The partnership was originally formed to run the Royal Lyceum Theatre, Edinburgh.  Both Howard and Wyndham were well-known impresarios, actors and managers in Scotland and England. The new company owned the Theatre Royal, Glasgow[circular reference] with funding from Michael Simons, acquired the Theatre Royal, Edinburgh, and leased the Royalty Theatre, Glasgow. Howard died of a stroke only weeks after the company was formed. Howard & Wyndham presented drama, opera, pantomime, musicals and revues. From the 1930s, this included the famous Half Past Eight Shows which later became the record-breaking Five Past Eight Shows. They also tried film weeks in Glasgow and Edinburgh around 1911. They were not operators of music-halls nor presented variety, which was the forte of Moss Empires.In 1904 the company built and opened the King's Theatre, Glasgow, and soon became Britain's largest company of quality theatres. Howard & Wyndham pantomimes graced British stages for over 90 years, possibly a record unequalled. Under Michael Simons, in 1912, the company took over the Robert Arthur group of six theatres (four in England - the Theatre Royal, Newcastle in Newcastle upon Tyne, the Royal Court in Liverpool, and the Royal Court in Nottingham - and two in Scotland), in Dundee where Her Majesty`s Theatre was Robert Arthur`s springboard for his theatre empire, and in Aberdeen.
<Benedict_Bogeaus>	Benedict Bogeaus (May 4, 1904, in Chicago – August 23, 1968, in Hollywood), was an independent film producer and former owner of General Service Studios.Bogeaus' business career started when he was seventeen, working as an accountant in a junk yard. He bought into the yard, and used it to get a loan of $2,000 to build an apartment block. "Borrowing money then was as easy as buying a sandwich", he said.
<James_Frenkel>	James Raymond Frenkel (born 1948) is an American editor and agent of science fiction, fantasy, mysteries, thrillers, historical fiction, and other books, formerly for Tom Doherty Associates (Tor Books and Forge Books).  He has edited numerous prominent authors such as Vernor Vinge, Joan D. Vinge, Frederik Pohl, Andre Norton, Loren D. Estleman, Dan Simmons, Jack Williamson, Timothy Zahn, Marie Jakober and Greg Bear. His agency clients include John C. Wright and L. Jagi Lamplighter. He and his wife, author Joan D. Vinge lived in Madison, Wisconsin for many years, but have moved to Chapel Hill, North Carolina.In 1968, Frenkel founded The Science Fiction Forum at the State University of New York at Stony Brook, a student-run organization which continues to operate a large lending library of science fiction, fantasy, and horror books. He was the publisher of Bluejay Books, an independent trade publisher of the mid-1980s.  Bluejay Books published Gardner Dozois's The Year's Best Science Fiction for three years. He also was the packager of The Year's Best Fantasy and Horror series edited by Ellen Datlow and Terri Windling (for sixteen years) and then Ellen Datlow and Kelly Link & Gavin J. Grant (for five years).In July 2013, Frenkel left Tor after two complaints about sexual harassment at WisCon, a feminist science fiction convention where he had been a regular attendee and presenter, and (in 1994) a Guest of Honor.  Frenkel was subsequently permanently banned from attending the convention. However, in 2017, he was on the convention committee of Odyssey Con, a different science fiction convention also held in Madison, and scheduled as a presenter, prompting several authors (one of whom claimed to have had unpleasant experiences  with Frenkel in the past), to withdraw from the convention.
<Layla_El>	Layla El (born 25 June 1977) is an English real estate agent and retired professional wrestler, dancer and model. She is best known for her tenure with WWE from 2006 to 2015, where she performed under the mononymous ring name Layla. She danced for Carnival Cruise Lines, the Miami Heat franchise of the National Basketball Association, and Kanye West during his performance at the MTV Video Music Awards before becoming a contestant on the 2006 edition of WWE's Diva Search, which she won to earn a contract with the company. Initially appearing on the SmackDown brand, El moved to ECW in January 2007. There, she formed the Extreme Exposé dance troupe with Kelly Kelly and Brooke Adams. In 2008, she was drafted to the Raw brand, where she began managing William Regal. The following year, she returned to SmackDown and formed an alliance with Michelle McCool known as LayCool. In May 2010, she won the WWE Women's Championship for the first time. She is the first British woman and the first Diva Search winner to hold the championship, and was the final champion when the title was retired in 2010. In April 2012, she won the WWE Divas Championship upon her return from a year-long absence due to injury, and held it until September that year. She then wrestled for the next three years until her retirement in 2015.
<Richard_A._Anthes>	M.S., University of Wisconsin, 1967 AMS' Jule G. Charney Award (January, 1987)AGU's Atmospheric Sciences Section Bjerknes Lecture (1994)
<Robert_Six>	Robert Forman Six (June 25, 1907 – October 6, 1986) was the CEO of Continental Airlines from 1936 to 1980.  His career began in the earliest days of U.S. commercial aviation; his determined, scrappy, risk-taking nature paid off for Continental Airlines, the company that would for 45 years be forged in his image.  Owing in large part to the foundation he laid, Continental became one of the largest and most profitable legacy airlines in the world.Six was one of the last of the group of innovators, pioneers, and visionaries (including Juan Trippe, William A. Patterson, Jack Frye, C.R. Smith, and Eddie Rickenbacker) who built the U.S. airline industry into what it is today. Six saw his own airline grow from a tiny, three-stop operation into a major global network airline with services spanning the U.S. and Canada, extending to Europe, the Asia-Pacific region, and Latin America.Born in Stockton, California, Six graduated from Weber Grammar School. At age 17 he dropped out of high school.
<Tomas_Lindahl>	Tomas Robert Lindahl FRS FMedSci (born 28 January 1938) is a Swedish-British scientist specialising in cancer research. In 2015, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry jointly with American chemist Paul L. Modrich and Turkish chemist Aziz Sancar for mechanistic studies of DNA repair.Lindahl was born in Kungsholmen, Stockholm, Sweden to Folke Robert Lindahl and Ethel Hulda Hultberg. He received a PhD degree in 1967, and an MD degree qualification in 1970, from the Karolinska Institutet in Stockholm.
<Renée_Asherson>	Dorothy Renée Ascherson (19 May 1915 – 30 October 2014), known professionally as Renée Asherson, was an English actress. Much of her theatrical career was spent in Shakespearean plays, appearing at such venues as the Old Vic, the Liverpool Playhouse, and the Westminster Theatre. Her first stage appearance was on 17 October 1935, aged 20, and her first major film appearance was in The Way Ahead (1944). Her last film appearance was in The Others (2001).Dorothy Renée Ascherson was born in Kensington, London, the younger daughter of shipowner Charles Stephen Ascherson (1877–1945) and Dorothy Lilian (née Wiseman; 1881–1975). Her father was of German-Jewish extraction. She was brought up in Gerrards Cross, Buckinghamshire, as well as Switzerland and Anjou. She later trained for the stage at the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art.
<Benazir_Bhutto>	ElectionsPrime Minister of Pakistan
<Santo_Domingo>	Santo Domingo (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈsanto ðoˈmiŋɡo] meaning "Saint Dominic"), once known as  Santo Domingo de Guzmán and Ciudad Trujillo, is the capital and largest city of the Dominican Republic and the largest metropolitan area in the Caribbean by population. As of 2022, the city and immediate surrounding area (the Distrito Nacional) had a population of 1,484,789, while the total population is 2,995,211 when including Greater Santo Domingo (the "metropolitan area"). The city is coterminous with the boundaries of the Distrito Nacional ("D.N.", "National District"), itself bordered on three sides by Santo Domingo Province.Founded by the Spanish in 1496, on the east bank of the Ozama River and then moved by Nicolás de Ovando in 1502 to the west bank of the river, the city is the oldest continuously inhabited European settlement in the Americas, and was the first seat of the Spanish colonial rule in the New World, the Captaincy General of Santo Domingo. It is the site of the first university, cathedral, castle, monastery, and fortress in the New World. The city's Colonial Zone was declared as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. Santo Domingo was called Ciudad Trujillo (Spanish pronunciation: [sjuˈðað tɾuˈxiʝo]), from 1936 to 1961, after the Dominican Republic's dictator, Rafael Trujillo, named the capital after himself. Following his assassination, the city resumed its original designation.
<Anuar_Abdul_Wahab>	Tuan Haji Anuar bin Haji Abdul Wahab AMN was a grandmaster of Seni Gayung Fatani who, during his time, revolutionized the teaching and practice of silat in Malaysia.He was born on 23 December 1945 in Bagan Tunjang, Sabak Bernam, Selangor. He received an early education at Sekolah Melayu Sabak Bernam and Sekolah Ungku Aziz Sabak Bernam, respectively, located in Selangor and Sekolah Alam Shah, Kuala Lumpur.Tuan Haji Anuar died on 10 March 2009, at the Kajang Hospital in Selangor, Malaysia. His death came as a great shock to the silat community, both locally and internationally. Before his passing he completed his last book, entitled "SILAT". He also wrote Silat Melayu (1992) and Silat Olahraga (1987).
<Vaishali_Kasaravalli>	Vaishali Kasaravalli (12 April 1952 – 27 September 2010) was a noted Kannada actress, television serial director, and costume designer.She was born on 12 April 1952 in Gulbarga to theatre enthusiast parents Dr. Chitagopi and Nirmala. She completed a BA.
<Utrecht>	Utrecht (/ˈjuːtrɛkt/ YOO-trekt, Dutch: [ˈytrɛxt] (listen), local: [ˈytrɛx]) is the fourth-largest city and a municipality of the Netherlands, capital and most populous city of the province of Utrecht. It is located in the eastern corner of the Randstad conurbation, in the very centre of mainland Netherlands, about 35 km south east of the capital Amsterdam and 45 km north east of Rotterdam. It has a population of 361,966 as of 1 December 2021.Utrecht's ancient city centre features many buildings and structures, several dating as far back as the High Middle Ages. It has been the religious centre of the Netherlands since the 8th century. It was the most important city in the Netherlands until the Dutch Golden Age, when it was surpassed by Amsterdam as the country's cultural centre and most populous city.
<WALL-E_(video_game)>	WALL-E (stylized as WALL·E) is an action-adventure video game developed by Heavy Iron Studios and published by THQ. It is based on the 2008 film of the same name.WALL-E’s reception differed by the version of the game. The Wii, Xbox 360, and PS3 versions of the game received mixed reviews, with criticisms being levied at the poor camera and repetitive gameplay. The game saw a more lukewarm reception to the PC, PSP, and PlayStation 2 versions for their longer lengths and varied gameplay. The DS version in particular was highly criticized for its lack of music, poor camera, and simple yet frustrating gameplay.The PlayStation 3, Wii and Xbox 360 versions feature nine explorable levels. The Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable versions feature twenty-four levels, and the Nintendo DS features fourteen explorable worlds. The Wii is the only version of the game that features 3 head-to-head multiplayer modes, while the Nintendo DS version features co-op modes playable as WALL-E or EVE. As the player plays through the levels of the Nintendo DS version, they unlock clips from the movie viewable at any time. The Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable versions allow the player to use music to summon reject bots throughout the game. The story mode seems to be altered as the character's roles are different from the movie such as WALL-E can commonly use his laser, GO-4 survives (and tries to steal the plant when the Axiom lands on Earth), EVE is tasered by AUTO (referenced to WALL-E being tasered in the original), WALL-E repairing EVE (in the original EVE tries to repair WALL-E) and WALL-E survives from getting crushed by the Holo-Detector. The reversal of EVE and WALL-E being damaged was actually intended to occur in the movie, but was later changed.
<Halifax_Town_A.F.C.>	Halifax Town Association Football Club was an English football club based in Halifax, West Yorkshire. They played in the Football League from 1921–1993 and 1998–2002.The club was dissolved in 2008, but reformed that July under the name of F.C. Halifax Town.
<Lela_Bliss>	Lela Bliss (May 11, 1896 – May 15, 1980) was an American actress. She made her first silent film, Pretty Mrs. Smith, in 1915 and appeared in at least over 40 movies until the 1960s.Bliss appeared in supporting roles and bit parts in Hollywood films such as The Dark Mirror (1946), Miracle on 34th Street (1947) and Intruder in the Dust (1949). She often played mothers, neighbours or society women. From the 1950s on, she also appeared frequently on popular television shows including My Little Margie (as Trixie Wilson, the mother of Margie's boyfriend, in the 1952 episode "Vern's Chums"), The Twilight Zone, Maverick, Mister Ed and The Addams Family. She ended her acting career with a guest role in That Girl in 1967.Bliss was married to Canadian actor Harry Hayden from 1924 until his death on July 24, 1955. They had one child. They ran the Bliss-Hayden School of Acting at 254 South Robertson Boulevard in Beverly Hills, where their students included Veronica Lake, Mamie Van Doren and Betty White. In 1954, the school was acquired by Douglas Frank Bank and Jay Manford and became the Beverly Hills Playhouse, one of the oldest acting schools and theatres in Los Angeles.[citation needed]
<June_Havoc>	June Havoc (born Ellen Evangeline Hovick; November 8, 1912 – March 28, 2010) was a Canadian American actress, dancer, stage director and memoirist.Havoc was a child vaudeville performer under the tutelage of her mother Rose Thompson Hovick, born Rose Evangeline Thompson. She later acted on Broadway and in Hollywood, and stage-directed, both on and off-Broadway. She last acted on television in 1990 in a story arc on the soap opera General Hospital, and she last appeared on television as herself in interviews in the "Vaudeville" episode of American Masters in 1997  and in "The Rodgers & Hart:  Thou Swell, Thou Witty" episode of Great Performances in 1999. Her elder sister Louise gravitated to burlesque and became the well-known striptease performer Gypsy Rose Lee.
<David_Price_(Canadian_politician)>	David W. Price, PC (born 2 June 1945) is a Canadian businessman and politician. Price was a member of the House of Commons of Canada from 1997 to 2004, serving in the 36th and 37th Canadian Parliaments.Born in Sherbrooke, Quebec, Price ran his own electrical company before being elected mayor of Lennoxville, Quebec in 1994.  He served as mayor until he resigned to run in federal politics in 1997.
<Atlanta>	Atlanta (/ætˈlæntə/ at-LAN-tə) is the capital and most populous city of the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the seat of Fulton County, the most populous county in Georgia, but its territory falls in both Fulton and DeKalb counties. With a population of 498,715 living within the city limits, it is the eighth most populous city in the Southeast and 38th most populous city in the United States according to the 2020 U.S. census. It is the core of the much larger Atlanta metropolitan area, which is home to more than 6.1 million people, making it the eighth-largest metropolitan area in the United States. Situated among the foothills of the Appalachian Mountains at an elevation of just over 1,000 feet (300 m) above sea level, it features unique topography that includes rolling hills, lush greenery, and the most dense urban tree coverage of any major city in the United States.Atlanta was originally founded as the terminus of a major state-sponsored railroad, but it soon became the convergence point among several railroads, spurring its rapid growth. The largest was the Western and Atlantic Railroad, from which the name "Atlanta" is derived, signifying the city's growing reputation as a major hub of transportation. During the American Civil War, it served a strategically important role for the Confederacy until it was captured in 1864. The city was almost entirely burnt to the ground during General William T. Sherman's March to the Sea. However, the city rebounded dramatically in the post-war period and quickly became a national industrial center and the unofficial capital of the "New South". After World War II, it also became a manufacturing and technology hub. During the 1950s and 1960s, it became a major organizing center of the American Civil Rights Movement, with Martin Luther King Jr., Ralph David Abernathy, and many other locals becoming prominent figures in the movement's leadership. In the modern era, Atlanta has stayed true to its reputation as a major center of transportation, with Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport becoming the world's busiest airport by passenger traffic in 1998 (a position it has held every year since, with the exception of 2020 as a result of the worldwide COVID-19 pandemic).
<University_of_Toronto>	The University of Toronto (UToronto or U of T) is a public research university in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, located on the grounds that surround Queen's Park. It was founded by royal charter in 1827 as King's College, the first institution of higher learning in Upper Canada. Originally controlled by the Church of England, the university assumed its present name in 1850 upon becoming a secular institution. As a collegiate university, it comprises eleven colleges each with substantial autonomy on financial and institutional affairs and significant differences in character and history. The university maintains three campuses, the oldest of which, St. George, is located in downtown Toronto. The other two satellite campuses are located in Scarborough and Mississauga. The University of Toronto offers over 700 undergraduate and 200 graduate programs. In all major rankings, the university consistently ranks in the top ten public universities in the world and as the top university in the country. It receives the most annual scientific research funding and endowment of any Canadian university and is one of two members of the Association of American Universities outside the United States, the other being McGill University in Montreal.
<Steven_Levitsky>	Steven Levitsky (born January 17, 1968) is an American political scientist and Professor of Government at Harvard University. A comparative political scientist, his research interests focus on Latin America and include political parties and party systems, authoritarianism and democratization, and weak and informal institutions. He is notable for his work on competitive authoritarian regimes and informal political institutions.At Harvard, Levitsky also serves on the Executive Committees of both the Weatherhead Center for International Affairs and the David Rockefeller Center for Latin American Studies.Levitsky received a B.A. in political science from Stanford University in 1990 and a Ph.D, also in political science, from the University of California, Berkeley in 1999.
<Hyundai_Sonata>	The Hyundai Sonata is a mid-size car that has been manufactured by Hyundai since 1985. The first generation Sonata, which was introduced in 1985, was a facelifted Hyundai Stellar with an engine upgrade, and was withdrawn from the market in two years due to poor customer reaction. While the nameplate was originally only sold in South Korea, the second generation of 1988 was widely exported.The Sonata is currently manufactured in the United States for the North American market, China and South Korea for the Asian market, and Russia for other markets. It was named after the musical term, sonata.
<Chien-Shiung_Wu>	Chien-Shiung Wu (Chinese: 吳健雄; pinyin: Wú Jiànxióng; Wade–Giles: Wu2 Chien4-hsiung2; May 31, 1912 – February 16, 1997) was a Chinese-American particle and experimental physicist who made significant contributions in the fields of nuclear and particle physics. Wu worked on the Manhattan Project, where she helped develop the process for separating uranium into uranium-235 and uranium-238 isotopes by gaseous diffusion. She is best known for conducting the Wu experiment, which proved that parity is not conserved. This discovery resulted in her colleagues Tsung-Dao Lee and Chen-Ning Yang winning the 1957 Nobel Prize in Physics, while Wu herself was awarded the inaugural Wolf Prize in Physics in 1978. Her expertise in experimental physics evoked comparisons to Marie Curie. Her nicknames include the "First Lady of Physics", the "Chinese Madame Curie" and the "Queen of Nuclear Research".Chien-Shiung Wu was born in the town of Liuhe, Taicang in Jiangsu province, China, on May 31, 1912, the second of three children of Wu Zhong-Yi (吳仲裔) and Fan Fu-Hua(樊復華). The family custom was that children of this generation had Chien as the first character (generation name) of their forename, followed by the characters in the phrase Ying-Shiung-Hao-Jie, which means "heroes and outstanding figures". Accordingly, she had an older brother, Chien-Ying, and a younger brother, Chien-Hao. Wu and her father were extremely close, and he encouraged her interests passionately, creating an environment where she was surrounded by books, magazines, and newspapers. Wu's mother was a teacher and valued education for both genders. Wu's father was an engineer who encouraged women's equality and became a notable activist during the recent revolution led by Sun Yat-sen that modernized the country. Her father supported the revolt due to his modern ideals. He even led a local militia that wiped out local bandits and completely modernized the little town of Liuhe, while seeking girls from rich and poor families to join his new school.
<George_Halas>	George Stanley Halas Sr. (/ˈhæləs/; February 2, 1895 – October 31, 1983), nicknamed "Papa Bear" and "Mr. Everything", was an American professional football player, coach, and team owner. He was the founder and owner of the National Football League's Chicago Bears, and served as his own head coach on four occasions. He was also lesser-known as a Major League Baseball player for the New York Yankees.Halas was one of the co-founders of the American Professional Football Association (now the National Football League (NFL)) in 1920, and in 1963 became one of the first 17 inductees into the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Halas was the oldest person in NFL history to serve as a head coach, as he was 72 years and 318 days old when he coached the final game of his career in December 1967, until Romeo Crennel 54 years later, who was 73 years and 115 days old when he became the interim head coach of the Houston Texans.
<Miles_Marshall_Lewis>	Miles Marshall Lewis (born December 18, 1970) is an American pop culture critic, essayist, literary editor, fiction writer, and music journalist. He is a graduate of Morehouse College, class of 1993.Lewis was born in The Bronx, New York, at the beginning of hip hop culture in the early 1970s. He expatriated from the United States to Paris, France during 2004 in response to the Iraq War. His debut essay collection, Scars of the Soul Are Why Kids Wear Bandages When They Don't Have Bruises (2004) – a book described as "an observant and urbane B-boy's rites of passage" – established Lewis as a prose stylist observing American culture in a style directly influenced by Joan Didion, mixing personal reflection with social analysis and humor.
<Baldassare_Peruzzi>	Baldassare Tommaso Peruzzi (7 March 1481 – 6 January 1536) was an Italian architect and painter, born in a small town near Siena (in Ancaiano, frazione of Sovicille) and died in Rome. He worked for many years with Bramante, Raphael, and later Sangallo during the erection of  the new St. Peter's. He returned to his native Siena after the Sack of Rome (1527) where he was employed as architect to the Republic. For the Sienese he built new fortifications for the city and designed (though did not build) a remarkable dam on the Bruna River near Giuncarico. He seems to have moved back to Rome permanently by 1535. He died there the following year and was buried in the Rotunda of the Pantheon, near Raphael.He was a painter of frescoes in the Cappella San Giovanni (Chapel of St John the Baptist) in the Duomo of Siena.His son Giovanni Sallustio was also an architect. Another son, Onorio, learned painting from his father, then became a Dominican priest in the convent of Santa Maria Sopra Minerva in Rome. He then stopped painting until requested by his superiors at San Romano di Lucca to paint the organ doors of the church.
<The_Flying_Doctors>	The Flying Doctors is an Australian drama TV series produced by Crawford Productions that revolves around the everyday lifesaving efforts of the Royal Flying Doctor Service of Australia, starring Andrew McFarlane as the newly arrived Dr. Tom Callaghan. The popular series ran for nine seasons and was successfully screened internationally.It was initially a 1985 mini-series based in the fictional outback town of Cooper's Crossing (set in the real life town of Minyip in north-western rural Victoria). The success of the mini-series led to its return the following year as an ongoing series with McFarlane being joined by a new doctor, Chris Randall, played by Liz Burch. McFarlane left during the first season, and actor Robert Grubb arrived as new doctor Geoff Standish. McFarlane later returned to the series, resuming his role.
<Henry_Underwood>	Rufus Henry Underwood (31 December 1863 – 8 October 1945), better known as Henry Underwood, was an Australian politician who represented the Western Australian Legislative Assembly seat of Pilbara from 1906 until 1924. Initially active in the Labor Party and a minister without portfolio in the Scaddan Ministry, he left the party during the conscription crisis in 1917 and thereafter represented the National Labor Party for the rest of his political career.Underwood was born in Mount Egerton, a mining district not far from Ballarat, Victoria, to William Underwood, a splitter and farmer, and Jane (née Carter). He had very little education and worked in the country. In 1880, he was apprenticed to the bootmaking trade in Victoria, before moving to South Australia where by the mid-1880s he had become president of the Bootmaker's Union. On 27 September 1886 at St Patrick's Church in Adelaide, he married Bridget Fitzpatrick, with whom he was to have two sons.
<Deane_Keller>	Deane Keller BEM (December 14, 1901 – April 12, 1992) was an American artist, academic, soldier, art restorer, and preservationist. He taught for forty years at Yale University's School of Fine Arts and during World War II was an officer with the Monuments, Fine Arts, and Archives program.Keller was born in New Haven, Connecticut in 1901. His father, Albert Galloway Keller, was a member of the junior faculty at Yale; but during young Deane's formative years, his father would become the first William Graham Sumner Professor of Sociology. Keller attended the Taft School in Watertown, Connecticut, graduating in 1919.
<Fated_to_Love_You_(2008_TV_series)>	Fated to Love You (Chinese: 命中注定我愛你; pinyin: Mìng zhòng zhù dìng wǒ ài nǐ) is a 2008 Taiwanese television series, starring Joe Chen, Ethan Juan, Baron Chen and Bianca Bai. The series was first broadcast in Taiwan on free-to-air Taiwan Television (TTV) (台視) from 16 March 2008 to 24 August 2008, every Sunday at 22:00 and cable TV Sanlih E-Television from 22 March 2008 to 30 August 2008, every Saturday at 21:00. It was produced by Sanlih E-Television and directed by Chen Ming Zhang with location filming in Taiwan, Hong Kong and Shanghai. The series was adapted into Korean and Thai language versions with the Thai series dubbed in Filipino for release in the Philippines.The drama holds the record for the highest average single-episode rating at 10.91 with a peak at 13.64 for episode 20 broadcast on 27 July 2008, and broke the previous record held by The Prince Who Turns into a Frog. It was nominated in 2008 for six awards at the 43rd Golden Bell Awards, Taiwan. It was awarded the 2008 Best Television Series and Best Marketing Programme.
<Oliver_Nelson>	Oliver Edward Nelson (June 4, 1932 – October 28, 1975) was an American jazz saxophonist, clarinetist, arranger, composer, and bandleader. His 1961 Impulse! album The Blues and the Abstract Truth (1961) is regarded as one of the most significant recordings of its era.  The centerpiece of the album is the definitive version of Nelson's composition, "Stolen Moments". Other important recordings from the early 1960s are More Blues and the Abstract Truth and Sound Pieces, both also on Impulse!.Oliver Nelson was born into a musical family in St. Louis, Missouri, United States. His brother was a saxophonist who played with Cootie Williams in the 1940s, and his sister sang and played piano. Nelson began learning to play the piano when he was six and started on the saxophone at eleven. Beginning in 1947 he played in "territory" bands in and around Saint Louis before joining the Louis Jordan band where he stayed from 1950 to 1951, playing alto saxophone and arranging charts for Jordan's band.In 1952, Nelson underwent military service in the United States Marines Corps playing woodwinds in the 3rd Marine Division band in Japan and Korea. It was in Japan that Nelson attended a concert by the Tokyo Philharmonic Orchestra and heard Maurice Ravel's Ma mère l'Oye and Paul Hindemith's Symphony in E Flat. Nelson later recalled that this "'was the first time that I had heard really modern music for back in St. Louis I hadn't even known that Negroes were allowed to go to concerts. I realized everything didn't have to sound like Beethoven or Brahms ... . It was then that I decided to become a composer'".
<Macbeth>	Macbeth (/məkˈbɛθ/, full title The Tragedie of Macbeth) is a tragedy by William Shakespeare. It is thought to have been first performed in 1606. It dramatises the damaging physical and psychological effects of political ambition on those who seek power. Of all the plays that Shakespeare wrote during the reign of James I, Macbeth most clearly reflects his relationship with King James, patron of Shakespeare's acting company. It was first published in the Folio of 1623, possibly from a prompt book, and is Shakespeare's shortest tragedy.A brave Scottish general named Macbeth receives a prophecy from a trio of witches that one day he will become King of Scotland. Consumed by ambition and spurred to action by his wife, Macbeth murders King Duncan and takes the Scottish throne for himself. He is then wracked with guilt and paranoia. Forced to commit more and more murders to protect himself from enmity and suspicion, he soon becomes a tyrannical ruler. The bloodbath and consequent civil war swiftly take Macbeth and Lady Macbeth into the realms of madness and death.
<Anca_Petrescu>	Mira Anca Victoria Mărculeț Petrescu (20 March 1949, Sighișoara – 30 October 2013, Bucharest) was a Romanian architect and politician.Born in Sighișoara, Romania, Petrescu graduated from the Ion Mincu Institute of Architecture in Bucharest in 1973.In 1986, on the orders of Romanian leader Nicolae Ceaușescu, Petrescu became chief architect of the colossal Palace of the Parliament in Bucharest, a thirteen-year megaproject constructing the world's second-largest civilian administrative building after the Pentagon. During the 1970s and 1980s, she was involved in many of Bucharest's redevelopment projects, which led to the relocation of thousands of residents in order to demolish their old, poor neighborhoods, replacing them with crowded communist tower blocks.
<Buenos_Aires>	Buenos Aires (/ˌbweɪnəs ˈɛəriːz/ or /-ˈaɪrɪs/; Spanish pronunciation: [ˈbwenos ˈajɾes] (listen)), officially the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires (Spanish: Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires), is the capital and primate city of Argentina. The city is located on the western shore of the Río de la Plata, on South America's southeastern coast. "Buenos Aires" can be translated as "fair winds" or "good airs", but the former was the meaning intended by the founders in the 16th century, by the use of the original name "Real de Nuestra Señora Santa María del Buen Ayre", named after the Madonna of Bonaria in Sardinia, Italy. Buenos Aires is classified as an alpha global city, according to the Globalization and World Cities Research Network (GaWC) 2020 ranking.The city of Buenos Aires is neither part of Buenos Aires Province nor the Province's capital; rather, it is an autonomous district. In 1880, after decades of political infighting, Buenos Aires was federalized and removed from Buenos Aires Province. The city limits were enlarged to include the towns of Belgrano and Flores; both are now neighborhoods of the city. The 1994 constitutional amendment granted the city autonomy, hence its formal name of Autonomous City of Buenos Aires. Its citizens first elected a Chief of Government in 1996; previously, the Mayor was directly appointed by the President of Argentina.
<Olof_Winnerstrand>	Carl Olof Magnus Winnerstrand (26 August 1875 – 16 July 1956) was a Swedish actor.Born in a bourgeois home in Stockholm, Winnerstrand was a son of the well-known Stockholm goldsmith and jeweller C.A. Winnerstrand, and started out in his father's footsteps, learning the trade. His parents opposed his acting dreams and, being loyal to a promise to his father, he took over the family business when his father died in 1899, and worked a couple of years as goldsmith. However, his longing for the stage increased and he was encouraged by great Swedish actor Emil Hillberg in pursuing in acting, after he had witnessed Winnerstrand's striking talent and by offering a place in his theatre company. Now, this time with the blessing of his mother, he sold the family company and joined Hillberg's theatre troupe.Olof Winnerstrand made his professional debut in 1901 at Helsingborg City Theatre and then toured with the Hillberg Company in 1901-02 and then with the famous Selander Company 1902-04, where he met his future wife and the love of his life, Miss Frida Kumlin (the couple married in 1906 and for decades was one of Swedish theatre's most popular and beloved theatre couple, often performing opposite each other on stage as well). In 1906 he was contracted by the notorious theatre manager Albert Ranft to play at Vasateatern (Vasa Theatre), the theatre stage above all in Sweden with a tradition of playing farces and comedies. Here Winnerstrand rose to star fame in the late 1900s as a top comedy actor, for years performing leading parts in numerous farces and comedies popular of those days by Oscar Wilde, George Bernard Shaw, Georges Feydeau and Georges Berr (in many of the original Swedish stagings of the plays); such as his Mr Ernest in Oscar Wilde's The Importance of Being Earnest, Mr Valentine in Shaw's You Never Can Tell, in Franz Arnold's & Ernst Bach's The Spanish Fly (Die Spanische Fliege; Spanska flugan) and as Vicomte Goring in Wilde's An Ideal Husband.  
<John_A._Lawless>	John A. Lawless (born November 30, 1957) is a former member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.He is a 1975 graduate of Methacton High School. He earned a degree from West Chester University of Pennsylvania in 1979 and has attended classes at Philadelphia College of Textiles and Science. He was first elected to represent the 150th legislative district as a Democrat in 1990 and switch over to the Republican Party two weeks later.  During his tenure, he frequently clashed with the Republican leadership in the House Republican Caucus; one newspaper account said that he had "a tendency to tell his party's secrets to the news media."In February 2001, Lawless gained nationwide media attention when he began an effort to withhold state funding for Penn State University because of "Sex Faire," a  student event featuring information on cervical cancer, sexually transmitted diseases, and safe sex practices that he labeled "classless acts of debauchery." The event also had games such as "orgasm bingo" and an "erotic-foods-guaranteed-to-turn-you-on" table.  Lawless and a video crew attended the event, where he filmed tables with literature he labeled pornographic and "gingerbread men and women with artful icing." During the university's annual budget hearing, Lawless and several other legislators grilled Penn State President Graham Spanier on the event. During the 4-hour hearing, Lawless played the much-hyped 5-minute tape that he made at the event, causing several legislators to remark on its relative tameness. State Rep. Dan Frankel told the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette "No, I wasn't offended. You can find worse things in advertisements in some mainstream publications." State Rep. Babette Josephs said "I was very underwhelmed. This is what it was all about?," blaming the controversy on "somebody, it seems to me, with a problem in his personality and it gets played out because he is in a position of power." In a contentious moment, Lawless told Spanier of a Penn State student who made fun of his facial disfigurement in an e-mail message; Spanier responded by noting that the student had complained to a threatening call from Lawless. In the end, the legislature continued to fund Penn State University.
<Jared_Harris>	Jared Francis Harris (born 24 August 1961) is a British actor. His roles include Lane Pryce in the AMC television drama series Mad Men, for which he was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series; David Robert Jones in the science fiction series Fringe; King George VI in the historical drama series The Crown; Anderson Dawes on the science fiction series The Expanse; Captain Francis Crozier in the AMC series The Terror; and Valery Legasov in the HBO miniseries Chernobyl, for which he won the British Academy Television Award for Best Actor and was nominated for the 2019 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Limited Series or Movie. He has also had significant supporting roles in films such as Mr. Deeds (2002), The Curious Case of Benjamin Button (2008), Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows (2011), Lincoln (2012), and Allied (2016). In 2021, he took the role of Hari Seldon, a leading character in the Apple TV+ science fiction series Foundation.Harris was born on 24 August 1961 in Hammersmith, London, the second of three sons of Irish actor Richard Harris and his first wife, Welsh actress Elizabeth Rees-Williams. His younger brother is actor Jamie Harris, his older brother is director Damian Harris and his maternal grandfather was politician David Rees-Williams, 1st Baron Ogmore.
<Shahada_(film)>	Shahada is a 2010 German drama film directed by Burhan Qurbani. It was nominated for the Golden Bear at the 60th Berlin International Film Festival. The film narrates the fates of three German-born Muslims in Berlin that collide as they struggle to find middle ground between faith and modern life in contemporary Western society.This article related to a German film of the 2010s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Virginia_E._Johnson>	Virginia E. Johnson (born Mary Virginia Eshelman; February 11, 1925 – July 24, 2013) was an American sexologist and a member of the Masters and Johnson sexuality research team. Along with her partner, William H. Masters, she pioneered research into the nature of human sexual response and the diagnosis and treatment of sexual dysfunctions and disorders from 1957 until the 1990s.Virginia Johnson was born Mary Virginia Eshelman in Springfield, Missouri, the daughter of Edna (née Evans) and Hershel "Harry" Eshelman, a farmer. Her paternal grandparents were members of the LDS Church, and her father had Hessian ancestry. When she was five, her family moved to Palo Alto, California, where her father worked as a groundskeeper for a hospital. The family later returned to Missouri and farming. Virginia enrolled at her hometown's Drury College at age 16, but dropped out and spent four years working in the Missouri state insurance office. She eventually returned to school, studying at the University of Missouri and the Kansas City Conservatory of Music, and during World War II began a music career as a band singer. She sang country music for radio station KWTO in Springfield, where she adopted the stage name Virginia Gibson.Johnson moved to St. Louis, Missouri, where she became a business writer for the St. Louis Daily Record. Eschewing a singing career, Johnson enrolled at Washington University in St. Louis, intending to earn a degree in sociology but never attaining one.
<John_Tiltman>	Brigadier John Hessell Tiltman, CMG, CBE, MC (25 May 1894 – 10 August 1982) was a British Army officer who worked in intelligence, often at or with the Government Code and Cypher School (GC&CS) starting in the 1920s. His intelligence work was largely connected with cryptography, and he showed exceptional skill at cryptanalysis. His work in association with Bill Tutte on the cryptanalysis of the Lorenz cipher, the German teleprinter cipher, called "Tunny" (for tunafish) at Bletchley Park, led to breakthroughs in attack methods on the code, without a computer. It was to exploit those methods, at extremely high speed with great reliability, that Colossus, the first digital programmable electronic computer, was designed and built.Tiltman's parents were from Scotland, though he was born in London. He joined the British Army in 1914, and saw service at the front during World War I with the King's Own Scottish Borderers. He was wounded in France, and won the Military Cross for bravery. He was seconded to MI1 shortly before it merged with Room 40.
<María_Irene_Fornés>	María Irene Fornés (May 14, 1930 – October 30, 2018) was a Cuban-American playwright, theater director, and teacher who worked in off-Broadway and experimental theater venues in the last four decades of the twentieth century. Her plays range widely in subject-matter, but often depict characters with aspirations that belie their disadvantages. Fornés, who went by the name "Irene", received nine Obie Theatre Awards in various categories and was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize in Drama for 1990.New Yorker critic Hilton Als wrote in 2010 that she had done "more than her fair share in terms of changing the face of theatre". He added: "No matter how hard Fornés's subjects can be, her work sits in the ear like luxurious reason." In a 2013 interview, Tony Kushner said: "She had terrifyingly high standards and was terribly blunt about what others did with her work. Her productions were unforgettable. She was really a magical maker of theater."Fornés was born on May 14, 1930, in Havana, Cuba, the youngest of six children. After her father Carlos Fornés died in 1945, she immigrated to the United States at the age of 15 with her mother and one sister. She became a U.S. citizen in 1951. When she first arrived in the US, Fornés worked in the Capezio shoe factory. Dissatisfied, she took classes to learn English and became a translator. At the age of 19, she became interested in painting and began her formal education in abstract art, studying with Hans Hofmann in New York City and Provincetown, Massachusetts.
<Judy_Nugent>	Judy Ann Nugent (born August 22, 1940) is an American actress.Nugent was born in Los Angeles, California, daughter of Lucille and Carl Nugent. Her father was a property master for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, her mother later became a talent agent, managing Judy's career and that of her older sister, Carol Nugent.[citation needed]Nugent was a child actor, first appearing on screen at age six in It Had to Be You (1947), where she and her sister Carol portrayed the same character at different ages.  A few bit parts in forgettable films were followed by her landing a regular role in television's first family sitcom, The Ruggles (1949–1952). Her film career then took off with supporting parts in several mid-fifties dramas, including Magnificent Obsession (1954), one of the Kettle kids in Ma and Pa Kettle Back On the Farm (1954) and There's Always Tomorrow (1956) for Universal-International.
<Gold_Coast_Football_Club>	The Gold Coast Suns is a professional Australian rules football club that competes in the Australian Football League (AFL). The club is based on Queensland's  Gold Coast in the suburb of Carrara.The club has been playing in the AFL since the 2011 season, having been founded as the league's 17th active club by a consortium formerly known as "GC17" and being granted a licence to join the AFL on 31 March 2009. The team play home matches at Carrara Stadium (known for commercial purposes as "Metricon Stadium") and have their training and administrative facilities located at the adjacent Gold Coast Sports and Leisure Centre. The club is one of two AFL clubs based in Queensland, the other being its main rival, the Brisbane Lions. The Suns also field teams in the AFL Women's competition and the Victorian Football League.
<John_Ambrose_Fleming>	Sir John Ambrose Fleming FRS (29 November 1849 – 18 April 1945) was an English electrical engineer and physicist who invented the first thermionic valve or vacuum tube, designed the radio transmitter with which the first transatlantic radio transmission was made, and also established the right-hand rule used in physics.He was the eldest of seven children of James Fleming DD (died 1879), a Congregational minister, and his wife Mary Ann, at Lancaster, Lancashire, and baptised on 11 February 1850. A devout Christian, he once preached at St Martin-in-the-Fields in London on evidence for the resurrection. 
<Deng_Xiaoping>	Deng Xiaoping (22 August 1904 – 19 February 1997) was a Chinese revolutionary leader, military commander and statesman who served as the paramount leader of the People's Republic of China (PRC) from December 1978 to November 1989. After CCP chairman Mao Zedong's death in 1976, Deng gradually rose to supreme power and led China through a series of far-reaching market-economy reforms earning him the reputation as the "Architect of Modern China". He contributed to China becoming the world's second largest economy by GDP nominal in 2010.Born in the province of Sichuan in the Qing dynasty, Deng studied and worked in France in the 1920s, where he became a follower of Marxism–Leninism and joined the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) in 1924. In early 1926, Deng travelled to Moscow to study Communist doctrines and became a political commissar for the Red Army upon returning to China. In late 1929, Deng led local Red Army uprisings in Guangxi. In 1931, he was demoted within the party due to his support of Mao, but was promoted again during the Zunyi Conference. Deng played an important role in the Long March (1934–1935), the Second Sino-Japanese War (1937–1945) and the Chinese Civil War (1945–1949). Following the founding of the PRC on 1 October 1949, Deng worked in Tibet as well as in southwest China as the regional party chief to consolidate CCP control until 1952, when he returned to Beijing to serve in the central government. In 1955, when the PLA adopted a Russian-style rank system, Deng was considered for the rank of Marshal of the People's Republic of China, which he declined to accept. As the party's Secretary-General under Chairman Mao Zedong and Vice Premier under Premier Zhou Enlai in the 1950s, Deng presided over the Anti-Rightist Campaign launched by Mao and became instrumental in China's economic reconstruction following the disastrous Great Leap Forward (1958–1960). However, his right-leaning political stance and economic policies eventually caused him to fall out of favor with Mao, and he was purged twice during the Cultural Revolution (1966–1976).
<As_Summers_Die>	As Summers Die is a 1986 American made-for-television drama film starring Scott Glenn, Jamie Lee Curtis, Bette Davis and Beah Richards, directed by Jean-Claude Tramont. The film is loosely based on Winston Groom's 1980 novel of the same name about greed, bigotry and justice in late 1950s segregationist southern Louisiana. It was filmed in Quitman, Georgia and premiered on HBO on May 18, 1986. This is last television film produced by HBO Premiere Films before folden into HBO Pictures, the next HBO Premiere Films' should be Apology. It was later released on VHS by HBO/Cannon Video.Lawyer Willie Croft (Glenn) is indifferent, letting his practice run itself, when the town's richest family begins a determined effort to obtain the farm of an old black woman, Elvira Backus (Richards). Elvira claims she was given her land by the dead family patriarch, Jonathan Holt, and finds an unlikely ally in Jonathan's aging sister, Hannah Loftin (Davis), whose mental competence is being challenged by the Holt clan. As for Croft, his growing involvement in the case intensifies when he begins to fall in love with Hannah's high-spirited niece, Whitsey (Curtis).
<Vålerenga_Fotball>	Vålerenga Fotball (Norwegian pronunciation: [ˈvôːɽɛŋɑ] (listen)) is a Norwegian association football club from Oslo and a part of the multi-sport club Vålerengens IF. Founded in 1913, the club is named after the neighbourhood of Vålerenga. Vålerenga's home ground is Intility Arena, located in Valle-Hovin. Vålerenga are five-time league champions and four-time Norwegian Football Cup champions, having last won the league in 2005 and the cup in 2008.The history of Vålerenga Fotball goes back to Fotballpartiet Spark, which was founded in 1898 by pastor Hans Møller Gasmann. An early mission for Gasmann was to give the local youth social activity and exercise. On a larger scale, the club was part of the movement known as Muscular Christianity. A successor to this football club, Idrettslaget Spring, was founded on 29 July 1913 by a group of teenage factory workers. A year later, the club changed its name to Vaalerengens Idrættsforening. Rooted in the neighborhood of Vålerenga on the east end of Oslo, the club would recruit players and supporters from the many workers in the area, in a society then characterized for its low mobility between social strata. Within its first seasons, Vålerengen would compete with the major clubs in Oslo at that time; Lyn, Mercantile and Frigg. Where Lyn and Frigg had a strong identity with the academia and the upper classes, Vålerengen developed a working class identity.
<Holly_Palance>	Holly Kathleen Palance (born August 5, 1950) is an American former actress and journalist. She is perhaps best known for her role as the nanny of Damien Thorn in Richard Donner's The Omen (1976). Palance also appeared in Pete Walker's horror film The Comeback (1978). Beginning in 1984, she also co-hosted the series Ripley's Believe it or Not! with her father, Jack Palance.Palance also had a leading role opposite Robin Williams and Kurt Russell in the comedy The Best of Times (1986) before retiring from acting. She later shifted to a career in journalism, serving as the editor-in-chief of the Los Angeles Times's lifestyle magazine.Holly Kathleen Palance was born on August 5, 1950 in Los Angeles, California. She is the daughter of actor Jack Palance and his wife Virginia Baker. Holly was the first of three children born to the couple. She is of Ukrainian descent. Palance spent her early life in Los Angeles before relocating with her father to Europe in 1957, where she lived in several European countries over the next seven years, including Switzerland, Italy, and Germany.
<Potter_(TV_series)>	Potter is a British sitcom written by Roy Clarke. Running for three series, it originally starred Arthur Lowe as Redvers Potter, a busybody former sweet manufacturer ("Pottermints - the hotter mints") with time on his hands following retirement. Set in suburban South London, the series followed Potter in his various attempts to keep himself occupied by interfering in other people's business.The series co-starred Noel Dyson as his wife Aileen, John Barron as the Vicar, Lally Bowers as Redvers' sister Harriet, Ken Wynne as Harriet's eccentric and camp husband Willie and John Warner as "Tolly" Tolliver, his next-door neighbour. Characters in later series included Harry H. Corbett as the comic ex-gangster Harry Tooms and Brenda Cowling as Jane.
<Geoff_Lawson_(designer)>	Geoff Lawson (5 November 1944 – 24 June 1999) was a British car designer and was Design Director for Jaguar from 1989 until his death in June 1999. He was succeeded at Jaguar by Ian Callum.Lawson was born in Leicester, England in 1944. He studied Design at the Leicester College of Art before completing a master's degree in furniture design at the Royal College of Art, London. A man of diverse hobbies and interests, he was interested in American cars, guns and shooting, model making, guitar playing and guitar design, mountain biking, abstract art and sculpture.
<Anne_Nagel>	Anne Nagel (born Anna Marie Dolan; September 29, 1915 – July 6, 1966) was an American actress. She played in adventures, mysteries, and comedies for 25 years. She also appeared in television series in the 1950s. One book described her as "one of Hollywood's true hard-luck gals".Born in Malden, Massachusetts, Nagel was enrolled by her parents in Notre Dame Academy, with the expectation that she would become a nun. Membership in the Shubert Theatre company turned her away from religious life. In the meantime, Nagel's mother had divorced and remarried. When Nagel's new stepfather, Curtis Nagel, a Technicolor expert, was hired by Tiffany Pictures in Hollywood, he moved the family to California, where he employed his stepdaughter in several experimental Technicolor shorts he had been asked to direct.[citation needed]
<The_Father_(Strindberg_play)>	The Father (Swedish: Fadren) is a naturalistic tragedy by  Swedish playwright August Strindberg, written in 1887. It is about the struggle between parents over the future of their child; resulting in the mother, using her cunning manipulative skills, subduing and finally destroying the father.Captain Adolph, an officer of the cavalry, and his wife, Laura, have a disagreement regarding the education of their daughter Bertha.  Laura wants her to stay at home and become an artist, while Adolph wants Bertha to move into town and study to be a teacher.  Adolph says that his decision is final, and that the law supports him, because, he points out, the woman sells her rights when she agrees to be married. The argument grows and becomes fierce.Laura, cunning & manipulative, suggests that Adolph may in fact  have no rights in the matter. Laura lies to the family doctor that Adolph may be mad, because, as an amateur scientist, he thinks he has discovered life on another planet by looking through a microscope. Adolph in fact has discovered signs of organic life by studying meteorites through a spectroscope. Laura also reveals to the doctor that she has obtained a letter that Adolph once wrote confessing that he himself feared he might go mad.
<Leipzig>	Leipzig (/ˈlaɪpsɪɡ, -sɪx/ LYPE-sig, -⁠sikh, German: [ˈlaɪptsɪç] (listen); Upper Saxon: Leibz'sch) is the most populous city in the German state of Saxony. Leipzig's population of 605,407 inhabitants (1.1 million in the larger urban zone) as of 2021 places the city as Germany's eighth most populous, as well as the second most populous city in the area of the former East Germany after (East) Berlin. Together with Halle (Saale), the city forms the polycentric Leipzig-Halle Conurbation. Between the two cities (in Schkeuditz) lies Leipzig/Halle Airport.Leipzig is located about 160 km (100 mi) southwest of Berlin, in the southernmost part of the North German Plain (known as Leipzig Bay), at the confluence of the White Elster River (progression: Saale→ Elbe→ North Sea) and two of its tributaries: the Pleiße and the Parthe. The name of the city and those of many of its boroughs are of Slavic origin.
<Martin_Karplus>	Martin Karplus (born March 15, 1930) is an Austrian and American theoretical chemist. He is the Director of the Biophysical Chemistry Laboratory, a joint laboratory between the French National Center for Scientific Research and the University of Strasbourg, France. He is also the Theodore William Richards Professor of Chemistry, emeritus at Harvard University. Karplus received the 2013 Nobel Prize in Chemistry, together with Michael Levitt and Arieh Warshel, for "the development of multiscale models for complex chemical systems".Martin Karplus was born in Vienna, Austria. He was a child when his family fled from the Nazi-occupation in Austria a few days after the Anschluss in March 1938, spending several months in Zürich, Switzerland and La Baule, France before immigrating to the United States.  Prior to their immigration to the United States, the family was known for being "an intellectual and successful secular Jewish family" in Vienna. His grandfather, Johann Paul Karplus (1866-1936) was a highly acclaimed professor of psychiatry at the University of Vienna. His great-aunt, Eugenie Goldstern, was an ethnologist who was killed during the Holocaust. He is the nephew, by marriage, of the sociologist, philosopher and musicologist Theodor W. Adorno and grandnephew of the physicist Robert von Lieben. His brother, Robert Karplus, was an internationally recognized physicist and educator at University of California, Berkeley. Continuing with the academic family theme, his nephew, Andrew Karplus, is a highly respected biochemistry and biophysics professor at Oregon State University.After earning an AB degree from Harvard College in 1951, Karplus pursued graduate studies at the California Institute of Technology. He completed his PhD in 1953 under Nobel laureate Linus Pauling. According to Pauling, Karplus "was [his] most brilliant student." He was an NSF Postdoctoral Fellow at the University of Oxford (1953–55) where he worked with Charles Coulson.
<Richard_Harris>	Richard St John Francis Harris (1 October 1930 – 25 October 2002) was an Irish actor and singer. He appeared on stage and in many films, notably as Corrado Zeller in Michelangelo Antonioni's Red Desert, Frank Machin in This Sporting Life, for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor, and as King Arthur in the 1967 film Camelot, as well as the 1981 revival of the stage musical.He played an English aristocrat captured by the Sioux in A Man Called Horse (1970), Oliver Cromwell in Cromwell (1970), an embattled Irish farmer in Jim Sheridan's The Field (which earned him a second Academy Award nomination for Best Actor), English Bob in Clint Eastwood's revisionist Western Unforgiven (1992), Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius in Gladiator (2000), The Count of Monte Cristo (2002) as Abbé Faria, and Albus Dumbledore in the first two Harry Potter films: Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (2001) and Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (2002), the latter of which was his final film role. Harris had a number-one singing hit in Australia, Jamaica and Canada, and a top-ten hit in the United Kingdom, Ireland, and the United States with his 1968 recording of Jimmy Webb's song "MacArthur Park". In 2020, he was listed at number 3 on The Irish Times's list of Ireland's greatest film actors.
<Elizabeth_Bowen>	Elizabeth Bowen CBE (/ˈboʊən/; 7 June 1899 – 22 February 1973) was an Irish-British novelist and short story writer notable for her books about the "big house" of Irish landed Protestants as well her fiction about life in wartime London.Elizabeth Dorothea Cole Bowen was born on 7 June 1899 at 15 Herbert Place in Dublin, daughter of barrister Henry Charles Cole Bowen (1862–1930), who succeeded his father as head of their Irish gentry family traced back to the late 1500s, of Welsh origin, and Florence Isabella Pomeroy (died 1912), daughter of Henry FitzGeorge Pomeroy Colley, of Mount Temple, Clontarf, Dublin, grandson of the 4th Viscount Harberton. Florence Bowen's mother was granddaughter of the 4th Viscount Powerscourt. Elizabeth Bowen was baptised in the nearby St Stephen's Church on Upper Mount Street. Her parents later brought her to her father's family home, Bowen's Court at Farahy, near Kildorrery, County Cork, where she spent her summers. When her father became mentally ill in 1907, she and her mother moved to England, eventually settling in Hythe. After her mother died in September 1912 Bowen was brought up by her aunts; her father remarried in 1918. She was educated at Downe House School under the headship of Olive Willis. After some time at art school in London she decided that her talent lay in writing. She mixed with the Bloomsbury Group, becoming good friends with Rose Macaulay who helped her seek out a publisher for her first book, a collection of short stories entitled Encounters (1923).
<Moon_Patrol>	Moon Patrol (ムーンパトロール, Mūn Patorōru) is a 1982 arcade video game developed and released by Irem. It was licensed to Williams for distribution in North America. The player controls a moon buggy which can jump over and shoot obstacles on a horizontally scrolling landscape as well as shoot aerial attackers. Designed by Takashi Nishiyama, Moon Patrol is often credited with the introduction of full parallax scrolling in side-scrolling games. Most of the home ports were from Atari, Inc., sometimes under the Atarisoft label.The player takes the role of a Luna City police officer assigned to Sector Nine, the home of the "toughest thugs in the galaxy". The player controls a Moon buggy that travels over the Moon's surface, viewed from the side as it moves toward the right. Craters, mines, and other obstacles on the ground must be shot or jumped over. Two types of flying  UFOs attack from above and must be shot down. One of the flying enemies has a weapon which creates a crater when it hits the ground.Gameplay is within a number of courses, and each is divided into 26 checkpoints, named after the letters of the English alphabet. Of these, the five major checkpoints—E, J, O, T and, Z—denote a new "stage" with a new background and theme; for example, the third stage starting at J introduces mines. The top portion of the screen shows a timeline-style map of the course, with the five major checkpoints clearly marked. Above the map is an indicator of the current checkpoint, the time spent in the stage, and three indicator lights: the top light indicates upcoming enemy aerial attacks, the middle one indicates an upcoming minefield, and the bottom one indicates enemies approaching from behind.
<Heart_of_Darkness>	Heart of Darkness (1899) is a novella by Polish-English novelist Joseph Conrad in which the sailor Charles Marlow tells his listeners the story of his assignment as steamer captain for a Belgian company in the African interior. The novel is widely regarded as a critique of European colonial rule in Africa, whilst also examining the themes of power dynamics and morality. Although Conrad does not name the river on which most of the narrative takes place, at the time of writing the Congo Free State, the location of the large and economically important Congo River, was a private colony of Belgium's King Leopold II. Marlow is given a text by Kurtz, an ivory trader working on a trading station far up the river, who has "gone native" and is the object of Marlow's expedition. Central to Conrad's work is the idea that there is little difference between "civilised people" and "savages." Heart of Darkness implicitly comments on imperialism and racism. The novella's setting provides the frame for Marlow's story of his fascination for the prolific ivory trader Kurtz. Conrad draws parallels between London ("the greatest town on earth") and Africa as places of darkness.
<Beales_(department_store)>	Beales is an English department store chain, which currently operates 3 branches, in Peterborough, Poole and Southport. The former flagship store, Beales in Bournemouth, was established as The Fancy Fair by John Elmes Beale in 1881 and was the biggest department store in Dorset. The chain expanded through acquiring other department stores and continued to run two stores branded as Palmers in Great Yarmouth and Lowestoft until its closure.The company was listed on the London Stock Exchange until its private equity takeover. Beales entered administration on 20 January 2020 and finally closed their remaining stores on 18 March 2020. It formerly operated 23 branches before entering administration. However, a new company, New Start 2020 Limited, reopened the Beales store in Poole in August 2020.
<Tournesol_Media_Entertainment>	Tournesol Media Entertainment (TMTV) is an American record label and  film production company, setting the stage for cross-border music and films. Their debut documentary 'A Donde Vas?' was an official selection at the San Diego Latin Film Festival of 2011,. The name Tournesol is derived from Sunflower in French, communicating the values and direction of the organization seeking culturally awakening topics, themes and production. The media organization has been known to cross-promote artists and branding in the United States, Latin America and Europe.
<Edgar_Bodenheimer>	Edgar Bodenheimer (March 14, 1908 – May 30, 1991) was a German American author and professor of law in the United States.Bodenheimer was born in Berlin in 1908.  He was educated in universities of Geneva, Munich, Heidelberg, and Berlin.  After receiving his J.U.D. from the University of Heidelberg in 1933, he emigrated  to the United States to escape from the Nazis. Without an American legal degree, he began working for the firm of Rosenberg, Goldmark & Colin. He later got his LL.B. from the University of Washington in 1937.His career started in 1940 as an Attorney for the U.S. Department of Labor, where he worked for two years before taking on the Principal Attorney position at the Office of Alien Property Custodian in Washington D.C.
<National_Book_Award>	The National Book Awards are a set of annual U.S. literary awards. At the final National Book Awards Ceremony every November, the National Book Foundation presents the National Book Awards and two lifetime achievement awards to authors.The National             Book          Awards were established in 1936 by the American Booksellers Association,abandoned during World War II, and re-established by three book industry organizations in 1950. Non-U.S. authors and publishers were eligible for the pre-war awards. Now they are presented to U.S. authors for books published in the United States roughly during the award year.The nonprofit National Book Foundation was established in 1988 to administer and enhance the National Book Awards and "move beyond [them] into the fields of education and literacy", primarily by sponsoring public appearances by writers.Its mission is "to celebrate the best literature in America, expand its audience, and ensure that books have a prominent place in American culture."
<Brigit_Forsyth>	Brigit Forsyth (born 28 July 1940) is a Scottish actress, best known for her roles as Thelma Ferris in the BBC comedy Whatever Happened to the Likely Lads? and Helen Yeldham in the ITV drama Boon. Since December 2013, Forsyth has appeared in the BBC comedy Still Open All Hours.After leaving St George's School for Girls in Edinburgh, Forsyth trained as a secretary before enrolling at Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, where she won the Emile Littler Award.
<On_the_House_(TV_series)>	On the House is a British television comedy which aired from 1970 to 1971. Cast included Kenneth Connor, John Junkin, John Normington, Tommy Godfrey, Gordon Rollings, Derek Griffiths, Peter Atard, and Robin Askwith. It was produced by Yorkshire Television, and despite the wiping that was common during the early 1970s, all the episodes are still in existence.
<Six_Flags>	Six Flags Entertainment Corporation (also called Six Flags and Six Flags Theme Parks) is an American amusement park corporation, headquartered in Arlington, Texas. It has properties in Canada, Mexico, and the United States. Six Flags owns the most theme parks and waterparks combined of any amusement-park company and has the seventh highest attendance in the world. The company operates 27 properties throughout North America, including theme parks, amusement parks, water parks, and a family entertainment center. In 2019, Six Flags properties hosted 32.8 million guests.Six Flags was founded in the 1960s and derived its name from its first property, Six Flags Over Texas. The company maintains a corporate office in Midtown Manhattan, and headquarters in Arlington, Texas. On June 13, 2009, the corporation filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection because of crippling debt, which it successfully exited after corporate restructuring on May 3, 2010.
<Fritz_Mannheimer>	Fritz Mannheimer (19 September 1890 – 9 August 1939) was a German-born and, from 1936, Dutch banker and art collector who was the director of the Amsterdam branch of the Berlin-based investment bank Mendelssohn & Co. that was for some time the main supporter of the Dutch capital market. Known as the "King of Flying Capital", he was one of the main organisers of credit for post-war Germany. His international financial work brought him recognition, such as being awarded Grand Officer of the Légion d'honneur. His collection was bought  by Hitler in 1941, but it was returned to the Netherlands after the war.Born into a Jewish family in Stuttgart, Württemberg, he was a son of Max Mannheimer, a wine merchant, and his wife, Lili Sara Fränkel. He attended the University of Heidelberg where he obtained a Doctor of Law and became a Dutch citizen in 1936.According to an obituary of the banker published in the 21 August 1939 edition of Time:
<Vernon_L._Smith>	Vernon Lomax Smith (born January 1, 1927) is an American economist and professor of business economics and law at Chapman University. He was formerly a professor of economics at the University of Arizona, professor of economics and law at George Mason University, and a board member of the Mercatus Center. Along with Daniel Kahneman, Smith shared the 2002 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences for his contributions to behavioral economics and his work in the field of experimental economics. He worked to establish 'laboratory experiments as a tool in empirical economic analysis, especially in the study of alternative market mechanisms'.Smith is the founder and president of the International Foundation for Research in Experimental Economics, a Member of the Board of Advisors for The Independent Institute, a Senior Fellow at the Cato Institute in Washington D.C. In 2004 Smith was honored with an honorary doctoral degree at Universidad Francisco Marroquín, the institution that named the Vernon Smith Center for Experimental Economics Research after him. He was also a founding board member of the Center for Growth and Opportunity at Utah State University.Smith was born in Wichita, Kansas, where he attended Wichita North High School and Friends University. Grover Bougher, Vernon's mother's first husband, who worked as a fireman on the Santa Fe railroad, died in a tragic accident which proved to be pivotal. The life insurance money provided by the Santa Fe railroad was invested in a farm which became the sole means of survival for Vernon's family during the tough years of the Great Depression. While the farm brought hard work and hard times for Vernon's parents, Vernon liked the adventurous experiences. His life-long interest in learning how things work was kindled by his childhood at the farm.
<Patricia_Richardson>	Patricia Castle Richardson (born February 23, 1951) is an American actress best known for her portrayal of Jill Taylor on the ABC sitcom Home Improvement, for which she was nominated four times for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series and twice for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Television Series – Comedy or Musical. She also received an Independent Spirit Award nomination for her performance in Ulee's Gold (1997).Richardson attended multiple schools including Holton-Arms School and Hockaday School. She is a 1972 graduate of Southern Methodist University, where she was friends with classmates Beth Henley and Stephen Tobolowsky, who was slated to be a cast member of Home Improvement, but had other contractual commitments when the series began filming. Tobolowsky initially suggested to producers of Home Improvement that Richardson be considered for the role of Jill Taylor after Frances Fisher was deemed too serious for the role.
<Vittorio_Gassman>	Vittorio Gassman Knight Grand Cross OMRI (Italian pronunciation: [vitˈtɔːrjo ˈɡazman]; born Gassmann; 1 September 1922 – 29 June 2000), popularly known as Il Mattatore, was an Italian actor, director and screenwriter.He is considered one of the greatest Italian actors, whose career includes both important productions as well as dozens of divertissements.
<8_(play)>	8 is an American play that portrays the closing arguments of Perry v. Schwarzenegger, a federal trial that led to the overturn of Proposition 8, an amendment banning same-sex marriages in California. It was created by Dustin Lance Black in light of the court's denial of a motion to release a video recording of the trial and to give the public a true account of what transpired in the courtroom.The play is written in the style of verbatim theatre reenactment, using transcripts from the trial, journalist records, and media interviews from the plaintiffs, defendants and proponents involved. 8 first premiered on September 19, 2011 at the Eugene O'Neill Theatre in New York City, and later broadcast worldwide from the Ebell of Los Angeles on March 3, 2012. Black brought the play to San Francisco, the home of the court case on which the play was based, on October 7, 2012 for a one-night-only reading at the ACT Theater. A cast reception following the reading included an appearance by the trial judge, Vaughn Walker. On October 22, 2012, another one-night-only reading was performed at the downtown Crest Theater in Sacramento, California, U.S.The American Foundation for Equal Rights (AFER) and Broadway Impact, sponsors of the play, have licensed the play for readings nationwide on college campuses and in community theaters free of charge, as an educational tool.
<Yuan-Cheng_Fung>	Yuan-Cheng "Bert" Fung (September 15, 1919 – December 15, 2019) was a Chinese-American bioengineer and writer. He is regarded as a founding figure of bioengineering, tissue engineering, and the "Founder of Modern Biomechanics".Fung was born in Jiangsu Province, China in 1919. He earned a bachelor's degree in 1941 and a master's degree in 1943 from the National Central University (later renamed Nanjing University in mainland China and reinstated in Taiwan), and earned a Ph.D. from the California Institute of Technology in 1948. Fung was Professor Emeritus and Research Engineer at the University of California San Diego. He published prominent texts along with Pin Tong who was then at Hong Kong University of Science & Technology. Fung died at the Jacobs Medical Center in San Diego, California, aged 100, on December 15, 2019.He is the author of numerous books including Foundations of Solid Mechanics, Continuum Mechanics, and a series of books on Biomechanics. He is also one of the principal founders of the Journal of Biomechanics and was a past chair of the ASME International Applied Mechanics Division. In 1972, Fung established the Biomechanics Symposium under the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. This biannual summer meeting, first held at the Georgia Institute of Technology, became the annual Summer Bioengineering Conference. Fung and colleagues were also the first to recognize the importance of residual stress on arterial mechanical behavior.
<Evandro_Brandão>	Evandro Elmer de Carvalho Brandão (born 7 May 1991) is an Angolan professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club Alverca as a striker.Brandão was born in Luanda, Angola, but spent the first years of his life in Portugal before moving to England at the age of 9. He began his football career at Blackburn Rovers, before joining Walsall in 2003.
<Joey_Mazzarino>	Joseph Mazzarino (/mæzəˈriːnoʊ/; born June 4, 1968) is an American actor, puppeteer, writer and director. He is best known for his roles on Sesame Street as Murray Monster, Stinky the Stinkweed and other Muppets, and being Head Writer and Director on Sesame Street, winning 22 Emmy Awards for his work.Former Muppet performer Camille Bonora influenced Mazzarino when she taught an improvisation class at his university, and eventually introduced him to Jim Henson. Mazzarino later became the head writer for Sesame Street and also worked on The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland, Muppets from Space, and Kermit's Swamp Years.
<IEEE_Medal_of_Honor>	The IEEE Medal of Honor is the highest recognition of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). It has been awarded since 1917, when its first recipient was Major Edwin H. Armstrong. It is given for an exceptional contribution or an extraordinary career in the IEEE fields of interest. The award consists of a gold medal, bronze replica, certificate, and honorarium. The Medal of Honor may only be awarded to an individual.The medal was created by the Institute of Radio Engineers (IRE) as the IRE Medal of Honor. It became the IEEE Medal of Honor when IRE merged with the American Institute of Electrical Engineers (AIEE) to form the IEEE in 1963. It was decided that IRE's Medal of Honor would be presented as IEEE's highest award, while the Edison Medal would become IEEE's principal medal. Edward Field Sanford, Jr. designed the medal in 1917.Eleven persons with an exceptional career in electrical engineering received both the IEEE Edison Medal and the IEEE Medal of Honor, namely Edwin Howard Armstrong, Ernst Alexanderson, Mihajlo Pupin, Arthur E. Kennelly, Vladimir K. Zworykin, John R. Pierce, Sidney Darlington, James L. Flanagan, Nick Holonyak, Robert H. Dennard, Dave Forney, and Kees Schouhamer Immink.
<Das_Vierte>	Das Vierte (English: The Fourth) was a German entertainment channel replaced in January 2014 by Disney Channel.Das Vierte was launched by NBC Universal Global Networks (NUGN) in 2005 as an all-drama programming channel. The channel reached its 1% first-year goal with the expectations of doubling in two to three years. In 2008, NUGN sold the station to Mini Movie International Channel,  owned by Dmitri Lesnevsky, as the station was losing money. Lesnevsky expected to turn the station around through rebranding then reselling it.  In 2010, Phoenix Media planned to buy the station but that fell through. As of 2011, the station had a market share of 0.2%. In September 2012, The Walt Disney Company announced a deal to purchase Das Vierte. Disney closed on the deal by December 2012. In April 2013, Disney announced that Das Vierte would become a Disney Channel in January 2014. Disney closed the channel on 31 December 2013.Das Vierte started with the slogan "Wir sind Hollywood" (We are Hollywood). The programming later moved away from Hollywood productions and towards a cooperation with the Anixe TV network.
<Ballarat>	Ballarat (/ˌbæləˈræt/ BAL-ə-RAT) is a city in the Central Highlands of Victoria, Australia. At the 2021 Census, Ballarat had a population of 116,201, making it the third largest city in Victoria.Within months of Victoria separating from the colony of New South Wales in 1851, gold was discovered near Ballarat, sparking the Victorian gold rush. Ballarat subsequently became a thriving boomtown that for a time rivalled Melbourne, the capital of Victoria, in terms of wealth and cultural influence. In 1854, following a period of civil disobedience in Ballarat over gold licenses, local miners launched an armed uprising against government forces. Known as the Eureka Rebellion, it led to the introduction of male suffrage in Australia, and as such is interpreted as the origin of Australian democracy. The rebellion's symbol, the Eureka Flag, has become a national symbol. It was on display at Ballarat's Museum of Australian Democracy at Eureka (MADE) from 2013 until MADE closed in 2018.
<David_Bruce_(microbiologist)>	Major-General Sir David Bruce KCB FRS FRCP FRSE (29 May 1855 – 27 November 1931) was an Australian-born British pathologist and microbiologist who made some of the key contributions in tropical medicine. In 1887, he discovered a bacterium, now called Brucella, that caused what was known as Malta fever. In 1894, he discovered a protozoan parasite, named Trypanosoma brucei, as the causative pathogen of nagana (animal trypanosomiasis).Working in the Army Medical Services and the Royal Army Medical Corps, Bruce's major scientific collaborator was his microbiologist wife Mary Elizabeth Bruce (née Steele), with whom he published around thirty technical papers out of his 172 papers. In 1886, he was chairman of the Malta Fever Commission that investigated the deadly disease, by which he identified a specific bacterium as the cause. Later, with his wife, he investigated an outbreak of animal disease called nagana in Zululand and discovered the protozoan parasite responsible for it. He led the second and third Sleeping Sickness Commission organised by the Royal Society that investigated an epidemic of human sleeping sickness in Uganda, where he established that tsetse fly was the carrier (vector) of these human and animal diseases.
<Karl_von_Vincent>	Karl Freiherr von Vincent, born 11 August 1757 – died 7 October 1834, fought in the army of Habsburg Austria during the French Revolutionary Wars. He first served as a staff officer then later as a combat commander. During the Napoleonic Wars, he was given important commands in two campaigns. He was Proprietor (Inhaber) of a famous light cavalry regiment from 1806 until his death.For his actions in putting down the Brabant Revolution of 1789 and 1790, he earned an important award. In the War of the First Coalition he was Aide-de-camp to two distinguished generals. During the War of the Second Coalition, he commanded a regiment, then a brigade. He led the rear guard during the 1805 campaign. He commanded a division through all the major battles of 1809. He was governor-general of Belgium in 1814, and was present at the Battle of Waterloo as an Austrian observer.Between 1814 and 1826,von Vincent was the Austrian ambassador to France at the Tuileries during the shift in the European political equilibrium of 1820. He was also cited in an account describing Klemens von Metternich's proposals concerning the fate of Belgium. He was identified as a candidate in charge of its occupation but it was noted that his office was under the authority of Baron Stein's administrative department when it came to political matters and that he must also defer to the Dutch, English, and Prussians in the area of military affairs.
<St_Mary_Magdalene,_Richmond>	St Mary Magdalene, Richmond, in the Anglican Diocese of Southwark, is a Grade II* listed parish church on Paradise Road, Richmond, London.  The church, dedicated to Jesus' companion Mary Magdalene, was built in the early 16th century but has been greatly altered so that, apart from the tower, the visible parts of the church date from the 18th, 19th and early 20th centuries.Since 1996 St Mary Magdalene's has been part of the Richmond Team Ministry, which also includes the churches of St John the Divine and St Matthias. It has a strong musical tradition and offers choral services each Sunday.
<Florence_Engel_Randall>	Florence Engel Randall (October 18, 1917 – September 4, 1997) was an American author. Randall wrote a total of five novels, as well as over one hundred short stories throughout her career. Randall is perhaps best known for her novel A Watcher in the Woods (1976), which was made into a film of the same name by Walt Disney Pictures in 1980 and a television film of the same name by Lifetime Television in 2017.Randall was born on October 17, 1917 in Brooklyn, New York City. Randall wrote multiple young adult novels, including The Almost Year, which earned recognition as an American Library Association Notable Book upon its 1971 release. Randall died in 1997 in Great Neck, New York, where she lived in her later life. Randall's papers are preserved in a collection at the Gotlieb Archival Research Center at Boston University. There is also a scholarship for women writers granted annually from the university, named The Randall Award.
<W._D._Hamilton>	William Donald Hamilton FRS (1 August 1936 –  7 March 2000) was a British evolutionary biologist, recognised as one of the most significant evolutionary theorists of the 20th century.Hamilton became known for his theoretical work expounding a rigorous genetic basis for the existence of altruism, an insight that was a key part of the development of the gene-centered view of evolution. He is considered one of the forerunners of sociobiology. Hamilton published important work on sex ratios and the evolution of sex. From 1984 to his death in 2000, he was a Royal Society Research Professor at Oxford University.
<Charles_Darwin>	Professional institution:Charles Robert Darwin FRS FRGS FLS FZS JP (/ˈdɑːrwɪn/ DAR-win; 12 February 1809 – 19 April 1882) was an English naturalist, geologist, and biologist, widely known for his contributions to evolutionary biology. His proposition that all species of life have descended from a common ancestor is now generally accepted and considered a fundamental concept in science. In a joint publication with Alfred Russel Wallace, he introduced his scientific theory that this branching pattern of evolution resulted from a process he called natural selection, in which the struggle for existence has a similar effect to the artificial selection involved in selective breeding. Darwin has been described as one of the most influential figures in human history and was honoured by burial in Westminster Abbey.
<University_of_Paris-Sud>	Paris-Sud University (French: Université Paris-Sud), also known as University of Paris — XI (or as Université d'Orsay before 1971), was a French research university distributed among several campuses in the southern suburbs of Paris, including Orsay, Cachan, Châtenay-Malabry, Sceaux, and Kremlin-Bicêtre campuses. The main campus was located in Orsay.Starting from 2020, University Paris Sud has been replaced by the University of Paris-Saclay in The League of European Research Universities (LERU).Paris-Sud was one of the largest and most prestigious universities in France, particularly in science and mathematics. The university was ranked 1st in France, 9th in Europe and 37th worldwide by 2019 Academic Ranking of World Universities (ARWU) in particular it was ranked as 1st in Europe for physics and 2nd in Europe for mathematics.
<Jay_Carney>	James Ferguson 'Jay' Carney (born May 22, 1965) is an American public relations officer, political advisor and journalist who has served as Amazon's Senior Vice President of Global Corporate Affairs from 2015 to 2022, and the United States White House Press Secretary from 2011 to 2014.As President Barack Obama's chief spokesman for over three years, he remains the longest serving White House Press Secretary of the 21st century. During the first two years of the Obama administration, Carney was director of communications for then-Vice President Joe Biden.
<JP_Tower>	The JP Tower (ＪＰタワー) is a high rise office building with integrated retail and restaurant facilities located in front of the Marunouchi Exit of Tokyo Station in Chiyoda ward, Tokyo. The building was completed in May 2012 and was opened to the public on March 21, 2013.The 38 story JP Tower replaces the former central mail sorting facility of Japan Post. A large portion of the original five story low rise frontage of the Tokyo Central Post Office, designed in 1931 by Tetsuro Yoshida, was preserved and redeveloped as the Kitte retail and dining facility. JP Tower tenants include offices of the Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group.The basement floor connects directly to Tokyo Station, as well as other nearby buildings.
<Pony_Poindexter>	Norwood "Pony" Poindexter (February 8, 1926, New Orleans, Louisiana  – April 14, 1988, Oakland, California) was an American jazz saxophonist.Poindexter began on clarinet and switched to playing alto and tenor sax. In 1940 he studied under Sidney Desvigne, and following World War II attended the newly founded Candell Conservatory of Music in Oakland, California. From 1947 to 1950 he played with Billy Eckstine. In 1950 he played in a quartet with Vernon Alley. From 1951 to 1952, he was with Lionel Hampton and in 1952 he played with Stan Kenton. Neal Hefti wrote the tune "Little Pony", named after Poindexter, for the Count Basie Orchestra. Through the end of the 1950s Poindexter played extensively both as a leader and as a sideman, recording with Charlie Parker, Nat King Cole, T-Bone Walker, and Jimmy Witherspoon. In the early 1960s he began playing the soprano sax as well.He recorded with Eric Dolphy and Dexter Gordon on a session for Epic Records around 1962. From 1961 to 1964, he accompanied Lambert, Hendricks & Ross. In 1963 he moved to Paris and recorded with Annie Ross. For eight years he lived in Spain and then moved to Mannheim, Germany before returning to the U.S. He published a memoir, 𝘛𝘩𝘦 𝘗𝘰𝘯𝘺 𝘌𝘹𝘱𝘳𝘦𝘴𝘴. 𝘔𝘦𝘮𝘰𝘪𝘳𝘴 𝘰𝘧 𝘢 𝘑𝘢𝘻𝘻 𝘔𝘶𝘴𝘪𝘤𝘪𝘢𝘯, in 1985.
<Alaina_Reed_Hall>	Alaina Reed Hall (November 10, 1946 – December 17, 2009) was an American actress and singer who portrayed Olivia Robinson, Gordon's younger sister, on the PBS children's television series Sesame Street, and Rose Lee Holloway on the NBC sitcom 227.In the mid-1960s, Reed attended Kent State University where she was active in many stage productions at KSU's E. Turner Stump Theater.  These included The Streets of New York, It's a Bird, It's a Plane, It's Superman! and The Tragedy of Tragedies — The Life and Death of Tom Thumb The Great.During this time, Reed was the lead singer of Tiny and the Velours, a vocal group that performed regularly at Kent's popular student nightspot, The Fifth Quarter.
<Hobart>	Hobart (/ˈhoʊbɑːrt/ (listen) HOH-bart; Nuennonne/Palawa kani: nipaluna) is the capital and most populous city of the Australian island state of Tasmania. Home to almost half of all Tasmanians, it is the least-populated Australian state capital city, and second-smallest if territories are taken into account, before Darwin, Northern Territory. Hobart is located in Tasmania's south-east on the estuary of the River Derwent, making it the most southern of Australia's capital cities. Its skyline is dominated by the 1,271-metre (4,170 ft) kunanyi/Mount Wellington, and its harbour forms the second-deepest natural port in the world, with much of the city's waterfront consisting of reclaimed land. The metropolitan area is often referred to as Greater Hobart, to differentiate it from the City of Hobart, one of the five local government areas that cover the city. It has a mild maritime climate.The city lies on country which was known by the local Mouheneener people as nipaluna, a name which includes surrounding features such as kunanyi/Mt. Wellington and timtumili minanya (River Derwent). Prior to British settlement, the land had been occupied for possibly as long as 35,000 years by the semi-nomadic Mouheneener people, a sub-group of the Nuennone, or "South-East tribe".
<Marco_Maciel>	Marco Antônio de Oliveira Maciel (21 July 1940 – 12 June 2021) was a Brazilian politician, lawyer, and law school professor who served as the 22nd vice president of Brazil from 1 January 1995 to 31 December 2002, twice elected on the same ticket as President Fernando Henrique Cardoso in the 1994 and 1998 general elections. He was a founder of the conservative PFL party.Prior to his vice presidency, he was the President of the Chamber of Deputies (1977–1979), Governor of Pernambuco (1979–1982), Minister of Education (1985–1986) and Chief of President Sarney's cabinet (1986–1987). Maciel returned to the senate following his vice presidency, until he was defeated in 2010.
<David_Kelly_(association_footballer)>	David Thomas Kelly (born 25 November 1965), also known by the nickname Ned Kelly, is a former Republic of Ireland international footballer and football coach. He scored nine goals in 26 international games for the Republic of Ireland, and was a squad member for UEFA Euro 1988, the 1990 FIFA World Cup, and the 1994 FIFA World Cup. A forward, he scored a total of 250 goals in 744 league and cup appearances in a 19-year career in professional football.As a child, Kelly suffered from Legg–Calvé–Perthes disease, but recovered to win a move from non-league Alvechurch and turn professional at Walsall in 1983. He was named in the 1986–87 Third Division PFA Team of the Year, and scored a hat-trick in the 1988 play-off final to secure the club promotion out of the Third Division. He was sold to West Ham United for £600,000 in August 1988, but struggled for form before being sold on to Leicester City for half that sum in March 1990. He then moved on to Newcastle United for a fee of £250,000 in December 1991. He helped Newcastle to avoid relegation out of the Second Division in 1991–92 and then win promotion into the Premier League as champions of the newly-renamed First Division in 1992–93.
<Llewellyn_Atkinson>	Llewellyn Atkinson (18 December 1867 – 1 November 1945) was an Australian  politician. He was a member of the Australian House of Representatives from 1906 to 1929 and a member of the Tasmanian House of Assembly from 1931 to 1934, representing successive conservative parties.Atkinson was born in Launceston, Tasmania and was educated at Launceston Church Grammar School. He enrolled at the University of Melbourne to study law in 1885, where he was resident at Trinity College. He was called to the bar in 1894 and became a solicitor, returning to Tasmania to practise at Latrobe and later forming a partnership with T. A. Scott. He was a member of the Latrobe Town Board and the board of management of the Devon Hospital and a prominent local Freemason, serving as master of the Concord Masonic Lodge and a longstanding member of the Latrobe Mistletoe Lodge. Atkinson was also a keen sportsman and a talented cricketer and footballer in his youth.
<George_M!>	George M! is a Broadway musical based on the life of George M. Cohan, the biggest Broadway star of his day who was known as "The Man Who Owned Broadway."  The book for the musical was written by Michael Stewart, John Pascal, and Francine Pascal. Music and lyrics were by George M. Cohan himself, with revisions for the musical by Cohan's daughter, Mary Cohan.The story covers the period from the late 1880s until 1937 and focuses on Cohan's life and show business career from his early days in vaudeville with his parents and sister to his later success as a Broadway singer, dancer, composer, lyricist, theatre director and producer.  The show includes such Cohan hit songs as "Give My Regards To Broadway", "You're a Grand Old Flag", and "Yankee Doodle Dandy."
<Louis_A._Frothingham>	Louis Adams Frothingham (July 13, 1871 – August 23, 1928) was a United States representative from Massachusetts.Frothingham was born in Jamaica Plain on July 13, 1871. He attended the public schools and Adams Academy. He graduated from Harvard University in 1893 (where he was a member of the Porcellian) and from Harvard Law School in 1896.  He was admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Boston.  He served as second lieutenant in the United States Marine Corps in the Spanish–American War.Frothingham was elected a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives, and served as Speaker from 1904 to 1905. He was the Republican nominee in the 1905 Boston mayoral election after narrowly defeating former Judge Henry S. Dewey. He lost the general election to Democrat John F. Fitzgerald 48% to 39%. He served as the 41st Lieutenant Governor 1909–1911, but was an unsuccessful candidate for Governor in 1911. He was lecturer at Harvard. He then moved to North Easton and continued the practice of law. He was a delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1916.
<Gustaf_Gründgens>	Gustaf Gründgens (German: [ˈɡʊs.taf ˈɡʁʏnt.ɡəns] (listen); 22 December 1899 – 7 October 1963), born Gustav Heinrich Arnold Gründgens, was one of Germany's most famous and influential actors of the 20th century, and artistic director of theatres in Berlin, Düsseldorf, and Hamburg. His career continued unimpeded through the years of the Nazi regime; the extent to which this can be considered as deliberate collaboration with the Nazis is hotly disputed.His best known roles were that of Mephistopheles in Goethe's Faust in 1960, and as "Der Schränker" (The Safecracker) who is the chief judge of the kangaroo court presiding over Hans Beckert (Peter Lorre) in Fritz Lang's M.
<Bury>	Bury may refer to:
<Common_(film)>	Common is a 2014 BBC One 90-minute made-for-television drama, written by Jimmy McGovern, directed by David Blair and starring Nico Mirallegro, Michelle Fairley and Michael Gambon. It seeks to question some of the issues and challenges raised by England and Wales's common purpose legal doctrine.The drama focuses on England and Wales's controversial joint enterprise doctrine. It is set in North West England, and was filmed in Liverpool (although the city is never mentioned).
<TPP_Nikola_Tesla>	TPP Nikola Tesla, commonly known as TENT, is a power plant complex operated by Elektroprivreda Srbije, located on the right bank of the river Sava, approximately 40 km upstream from Downtown Belgrade, near the city municipality of Obrenovac. By far the largest one in Serbia, the complex generates around 17.263 GWh annually, which covers almost half of Serbia's needs for electricity. The complex and two of its plants are named in honor of Nikola Tesla.These power plants use lignite mined from the RB Kolubara as fuel. Coal is transported from the mines via a standard-gauge railroad about 30 km long capable of supplying a total of 37 million tons of coal a year.Six generation units with a combined capacity of 1650.5 MW that makes it the largest power facility in the former Yugoslavia. TPP Nikola Tesla A was first synchronised on March 27, 1970. It has two chimneys: one with a height of 220 metres and a second with a height of 150 metres.
<Stahl_Stenslie>	Stahl Stenslie is a Norwegian born artist working with cognition and perception manipulative projects. He has produced and exhibited interactive media artworks including cyberSM (1993)[1], sense:less (1996), Solve et Coagula(1997), The Leap, World Ripple (2008) and The Blind Theatre (2009).Oslo School of Architecture and Design (PhD), Statens Kunstakademi (Oslo, Norway), The Düsseldorf Art Academy (Düsseldorf,  Germany), Academy of Media Arts Köln (Cologne, Germany)2009•	Theatre of the Blind, Nationaltheateret, Oslo•	Walking the Line, performances, SKC center, Beograd, Serbia•	Serpents Tongue, performance with Kate Pendry, SKC center, Beograd, Serbia2008•	World Ripple # 2,  Touch Me Festival, Zagreb, Croatia•	Artgasm, Touch Me Festival, Zagreb, Croatia [2]•	Artgasm, Beton Halla, Beograd, Serbia•	Chador Touch; World Ripple, Bagh-e-Tehran Park, Tehran, Iran•	Invisible Sculptures: World Ripple, The Association of Norwegian Sculptors, Oslo, Norway•	Ecstatic Bodies, Gallery 13 Kubikova, Bratislava, Slovakia (13m3.sk/)2006•	Solve et Coagula touch suit, Spiel mit Technik, Deutsches Technikmuseum Berlin2005•	S.U.F.I. suicide fashion, Touch Me festival, Zagreb, Croatia2004•	Post Digital Lunch, Dutch Electronic Art Festival (DEAF), V2, Rotterdam, Holland http://framework.v2.nl/archive/archive/node/actor/all.xslt/nodenr-66263•	Inter_Skin II, The Nova Gallery, Zagreb, Croatia2003•	Erotogod 3.5 at Dutch Electronic Art Festival, V2, Rotterdam, Holland•	Erotogod, Atelier Nord, Oslo, Norway2002•	Tactile technology, cyberSM, Deutsche Hygiene Museum, Dresden, Germany•	Stunt Club, Kunstnernes Hus, Oslo, Norway•	Suicidal Fashion, Break 21, Dead or Alive @ Kapelica, Ljubljana, Slovenia2001•    Erotogod, Henie Onstad Kunstsenter, Norway•    CyberSM, Deutsches Hygiene Museum, Dresden, Germany2000•    The Leap, at The Norwegian Nationaltheater, Oslo,  The Ibsen Festival 2000.•    "Wie man sieht", Museum Ludwig, Cologne, Germany•    "Stoneproof", Økomuseum Boarderland, Halden, Norway1999•    The Leap, The Artists House, Oslo Norway1997•	Solve et Coagula, Ars Electronica, Linz, Austria•	5th International Biennial, Istanbul, Turkey•	e~on, Kunstnernes Hus, Oslo, Norway1992 -96•	DEAF, Dutch Electronic Art Festival, Rotterdam, Holland•	Electra, Henie Onstad Kunstsenter, Norway•	Du + You, Gallerie Schipper - Krome, Cologne, Germany
<University_of_Groningen>	The University of Groningen (abbreviated as UG; Dutch: Rijksuniversiteit Groningen, abbreviated as RUG) is a public research university of more than 30,000 students in the city of Groningen in the Netherlands. Founded in 1614, the university is the second oldest in the country (after Leiden) and one of the most traditional and prestigious universities in the Netherlands.The institution has been consistently ranked among the top 100 universities in the world, according to leading ranking tables. In the 2022 Aggregate Ranking of Top Universities, RUG is ranked fourth in the Netherlands.The University of Groningen has eleven faculties, nine graduate schools, 27 research centres and institutes, and more than 175-degree programmes. The university's alumni and faculty include Johann Bernoulli, Aletta Jacobs, four Nobel Prize winners, nine Spinoza Prize winners, one Stevin Prize winner, various members of the Dutch royal family, several politicians, the first president of the European Central Bank, and a secretary general of NATO.
<Missi_Pyle>	Missi Pyle (born November 16, 1972) is an American actress and singer. She has appeared in a number of successful films, including Galaxy Quest (1999), Big Fish (2003), Bringing Down the House (2003), Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story (2004), Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (2005), Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay (2008), The Artist (2011), Gone Girl (2014), Captain Fantastic (2016), and Ma (2019).Pyle has also appeared in various television series, such as Cleaners (2013–2014), Jennifer Falls (2014), Another Period (2015–2018), Bordertown (2016), The Soul Man (2016), Mom (2017), Impulse (2018), The Mentalist (2010) and Dirty John (2020).
<William_Allingham>	William Allingham (19 March 1824 – 18 November 1889) was an Irish poet, diarist and editor. He wrote several volumes of lyric verse, and his poem "The Faeries" was much anthologised. But he is better known for his posthumously published Diary, in which he records his lively encounters with Tennyson, Carlyle and other writers and artists. His wife, Helen Allingham, was a well-known watercolourist and illustrator.William Allingham was born on 19 March 1824 in Ballyshannon, a small town in the south of County Donegal in Ulster in the north of Ireland, which is now in the Republic of Ireland. He was the son of the manager of a local bank who was of English descent. His younger brothers and sisters were Catherine (born 1826), John (born 1827), Jane (born 1829), Edward (born 1831, and lived only a few months) and a still-born brother (born 1833). During his childhood his parents moved twice within the town, where the boy enjoyed the country sights and gardens, learned to paint and listened to his mother's piano-playing. When he was nine, his mother died.
<Austin,_Texas>	Austin is the capital city of the U.S. state of Texas, as well as the seat and largest city of Travis County, with portions extending into Hays and Williamson counties. Incorporated on December 27, 1839, it is the 11th-most-populous city in the United States, the fourth-most-populous city in Texas, the second-most-populous state capital city, and the most populous state capital that is not also the most populous city in its state. It has been one of the fastest growing large cities in the United States since 2010. Downtown Austin and Downtown San Antonio are approximately 80 miles (129 km) apart, and both fall along the Interstate 35 corridor. Some observers believe that the two regions may some day form a new "metroplex" similar to Dallas and Fort Worth. Austin is the southernmost state capital in the contiguous United States and is considered a "Beta −" global city as categorized by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network.As of 2021, Austin had an estimated population of 964,177, up from 961,855 at the 2020 census. The city is the cultural and economic center of the Austin–Round Rock metropolitan statistical area, which had an estimated population of 2,295,303 as of July 1, 2020[update], a roughly 84% increase from the year 2000. Located in Central Texas within the greater Texas Hill Country, it is home to numerous lakes, rivers, and waterways, including Lady Bird Lake and Lake Travis on the Colorado River, Barton Springs, McKinney Falls, and Lake Walter E. Long.
<Schenectady,_New_York>	Schenectady  (/skəˈnɛktədi/) is a city in Schenectady County, New York, United States, of which it is the county seat. As of the 2020 census, the city's population of 67,047 made it the state's ninth-largest city by population. The city is in eastern New York, near the confluence of the Mohawk and Hudson rivers. It is in the same metropolitan area as the state capital, Albany, which is about 15 miles (24 km) southeast.Schenectady was founded on the south side of the Mohawk River by Dutch colonists in the 17th century, many of whom came from the Albany area. The name "Schenectady" is derived from the Mohawk word skahnéhtati, meaning "beyond the pines" and used for the area around Albany, New York.  Residents of the new village developed farms on strip plots along the river. Connected to the west by the Mohawk River and Erie Canal, Schenectady developed rapidly in the 19th century as part of the Mohawk Valley trade, manufacturing, and transportation corridor. By 1824, more people worked in manufacturing than agriculture or trade; like many New York cities, it had a cotton mill that processed cotton from the Deep South. In the 19th century, nationally influential companies and industries developed in Schenectady, including General Electric and American Locomotive Company (ALCO), which were powers into the mid-20th century. Schenectady was part of emerging technologies, with GE collaborating in the production of nuclear-powered submarines and, in the 21st century, working on other forms of renewable energy.
<Torsten_Wiesel>	Torsten Nils Wiesel (born 3 June 1924) is a Swedish neurophysiologist. With David H. Hubel, he received the 1981 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for their discoveries concerning information processing in the visual system; the prize was shared with Roger W. Sperry for his independent research on the cerebral hemispheres.Wiesel was born in Uppsala, Sweden in 1924, the youngest of five children. In 1947, he began his scientific career in Carl Gustaf Bernhard's laboratory at the Karolinska Institute, where he received his medical degree in 1954. He went on to teach in the Institute's department of physiology and worked in the child psychiatry unit of the Karolinska Hospital. In 1955 he moved to the United States to work at Johns Hopkins School of Medicine under Stephen Kuffler.  Wiesel began a fellowship in ophthalmology, and in 1958 he became an assistant professor. That same year, he met David Hubel, beginning a collaboration that would last over twenty years.  In 1959 Wiesel and Hubel moved to Harvard University. He became an instructor in pharmacology at Harvard Medical School, beginning a 24-year career with the university. He became professor in the new department of neurobiology in 1968 and its chair in 1971.In 1983, Wiesel joined the faculty of Rockefeller University as Vincent and Brooke Astor Professor and head of the Laboratory of Neurobiology. He was president of the university from 1991 to 1998. At Rockefeller University he remains the director of the Shelby White and Leon Levy Center for Mind, Brain and Behavior.
<Yakir_Aharonov>	Yakir Aharonov (Hebrew: יקיר אהרונוב; born August 28, 1932) is an Israeli physicist specializing in quantum physics. He has been a Professor of Theoretical Physics and the James J. Farley Professor of Natural Philosophy at Chapman University in California since 2008. He is also a distinguished professor in the Perimeter Institute and a professor emeritus at Tel Aviv University in Israel. He is president of the IYAR, The Israeli Institute for Advanced Research.Yakir Aharonov was born in Haifa. He received his undergraduate education at the Technion – Israel Institute of Technology in Haifa, graduating with a BSc in 1956. He continued his graduate studies at the Technion and then moved to Bristol University, UK together with his doctoral advisor David Bohm, receiving a Ph.D. degree in 1960. Aharonov later taught at the Brandeis University from 1960–61 and the Yeshiva University from 1964–67, both in the United States.His research interests are nonlocal and topological effects in quantum mechanics, quantum field theories and interpretations of quantum mechanics. In 1959, he and David Bohm proposed the Aharonov–Bohm effect for which he co-received the 1998 Wolf Prize.
<Gerty_Cori>	Gerty Theresa Cori (née Radnitz; August 15, 1896 – October 26, 1957) was an Austro-Hungarian and American biochemist who in 1947 was the third woman to win a Nobel Prize in science, and the first woman to be awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for her significant role in the "discovery of the course of the catalytic conversion of glycogen".Cori was born in Prague (then in the Austro-Hungarian Empire, now the Czech Republic). Gerty was not a nickname, but rather she was named after an Austrian warship. Growing up at a time when women were marginalized in science and allowed few educational opportunities, she gained admittance to medical school, where she met her future husband Carl Ferdinand Cori in an anatomy class; upon their graduation in 1920, they married. Because of deteriorating conditions in Europe, the couple emigrated to the United States in 1922. Gerty Cori continued her early interest in medical research, collaborating in the laboratory with Carl. She published research findings coauthored with her husband, as well as publishing singly. Unlike her husband, she had difficulty securing research positions, and the ones she obtained provided meager pay. Her husband insisted on continuing their collaboration, though he was discouraged from doing so by the institutions that employed him.
<Paul_Sédille>	Paul Sédille (16 June 1836, Paris – 6 January 1900) was a French architect and theorist; and designed the 1880 reconstruction of the iconic Magasins du Printemps department store in Paris.Though Sédille is best known for his Printemps design, he was also associated with the Creusot family foundry and was very active in professional associations and architectural education in the 1880s.  He wrote a number of compelling pieces of architectural criticism, especially his review of contemporary Viennese and British architecture, and reflected what were by and large Teutonic theoretical concerns that have come to be understood as architectural realism, based on the works of Gottfried Semper.Directly related to his interest in Semper, Sédille was an advocate of highly-coloured polychrome architecture. His participation in the Universal Expositions of 1878 and 1889 in Paris were demonstration pieces of his approach of integrating colorful terra cotta tilework and structural into the vocabulary of classical, beaux-arts architectural forms.
<Max_Born_Prize>	The Max Born Medal and Prize is a scientific prize awarded yearly by the German Physical Society (DPG) and the British Institute of Physics (IOP) in memory of the German physicist Max Born, who was a German-Jewish physicist, instrumental in the development of quantum mechanics. It was established in 1972 after the death of Born in 1970, and first awarded in 1973.The terms of the award are that it is "to be presented for outstanding contributions to physics". The award goes to physicists based in Germany and in the UK or Ireland in alternate years. The prize is accompanied by a silver medal "about 6 cm in diameter and 0.5 cm thick. One face carries a profile of Max Born and his name and dates. The other face carries the equation pq – qp = h/2πi and the full names of IOP and DPG. The recipient's full name and year of award is engraved around the rim." The medal is accompanied by €3000.The following have received this award:
<Tara_Sharma>	Tara Sharma (born 11 January 1977) is a British actress, entrepreneur, creator, co-producer and host of The Tara Sharma Show. She is the daughter of authors Partap Sharma and Susan Sharma. She made her bollywood debut in Anupam Kher directorial debut Om Jai Jagadish in 2002. Then she went onto star in various commercially and critically hit films like Masti (2004), Page 3 (2005), Khosla Ka Ghosla (2006), Maharathi (2008), Mumbai Cutting (2009), Dulha Mil Gaya (2010) and Kadakh (2019). Apart from Hindi films, she has appeared in english television shows and english films like Raven: The Secret Temple (2007) and The Other End of the Line (2008).Tara was born to an Indian author and playwright Partap Sharma and British artist and author Susan Sharma. She studied at the Bombay International School and the United World College of the Adriatic, Italy. Thereafter, she completed her B.Sc in Management at the London School of Economics.[citation needed]
<Robert_David_Steele>	Robert David Steele (July 16, 1952 – August 29, 2021) was an American CIA officer and conspiracy theorist.Steele's father was an executive for an oil company, and he therefore spent the first twenty years of his life in Asia and Latin America. He held a bachelor of arts in political science, a master's degree in international relations, and an AMP in public administration. He worked at the Embassy of the United States, San Salvador during the Salvadoran Civil War as a political officer. He then researched artificial intelligence and cognitive strategy.Steele is credited with coining the terms "virtual intelligence" and "peacekeeping information". He called for intelligence reforms in the United States and advocated for the private sector to develop and sell such intelligence to the central government. He was a supporter of open-source intelligence and argued that the CIA refused to take open-source information seriously and should not be responsible for developing new systems that ran contrary to its history of secrecy.
<Natalie_Medlock>	Natalie Medlock (born 15 October 1986) is a British-born New Zealand actress and writer best known for her role in Shortland Street as nurse Jill Kingsbury which she played from 3 February 2011 to 16 January 2012.Medlock was born and raised in Plymouth, until her parents moved to New Zealand in 1999 with her sister Kate Medlock. The family settled on a drystock farm in Te Puke's Maniatutu Rd. Medlock threw herself into schoolwork, horse riding, piano and performing arts, her teacher inspired and mentored her in stage work. After finishing Year 13, Medlock went to Toi Whaakari: New Zealand Drama School, where she graduated with a Bachelor of Performing Arts (Acting) in 2007. Her big break came with Shortland Street. Despite only being a year on the long running soap the tragic death of the character saddened fans. Medlock also wrote an episode of the soap.
<Maple_Leaf_Gardens>	Maple Leaf Gardens is a historic building located at the northwest corner of Carlton Street and Church Street in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The building was initially constructed in 1931 as an arena to host ice hockey games, though it has since been reconstructed for other uses.Today, Maple Leaf Gardens is a multi-purpose facility, with Loblaws occupying retail space on the lower floors and an arena for Toronto Metropolitan University, known as Mattamy Athletic Centre at the Gardens, occupying the top level.
<Sztafeta>	Sztafeta (English: Relay Race) is a 1939 compendium of literary reportage written by Melchior Wańkowicz. It was published in the year of the German-Soviet invasion of Poland. Popular demand caused it to be reprinted four times by the Biblioteka Polska before the outbreak of hostilities. The book was never published in Communist Poland because it praised the democratic achievements of the prewar Second Polish Republic.It gives an account of one of the biggest economic projects of the newly resurgent interwar Poland, its Central Industrial Area. The work has been described as a "colourful reporter's panorama, telling the story of the recovery of the Second Polish Republic". Ryszard Kapuściński wrote that Sztafeta "was the first grand reportage of its kind in Poland's history – written about Polish production effort". To write the book, Wańkowicz collected a great amount of background information, and he carried out dozens of interviews, starting with President Ignacy Mościcki and ending with sailors, coal miners and primary school teachers.The book begins with an analysis of the situation of Poland in 1918, right after World War I. The country was in ruins, with two million houses destroyed; industry devastated; poverty, hunger and the threat of a cholera epidemic, all left behind by the Partitions of Poland. It goes on to describe the achievements of the Second Polish Republic, not only about the Central Industrial Area but also about the construction of Gdynia seaport, and of the political scandals such as the annexation of Zaolzie.
<Saaya_(novel)>	Saaya is a 2014 Nepali novel by Subin Bhattarai. It published by Fine Print in 2014 as sequel to Summer love.Bhattarai's third book and second novel, the plot concerns how the misunderstanding in Summer love cleared and how they convince their family.  It was a best selling book in Nepal and it was reprinted in the same month August, and was one of the best-selling books in the country for the year. The book was launched by actresses Garima Panta and Keki Adhikari, and author Bhattarai himself at Nepal Academy, Kamaladi.It is the sequel of Summer Love. It is based on point of view of narrator, Atit, Saaya and Susmita. According to the story, narrator takes the responsibility to mend the things between Atit and Saaya. Two years after the book about Atit's love story is published, the writer comes in contact with Saaya to know her story. Saaya says about her opinions and why she dissolved the relationship with Atit. She also says about physical relationship between Susmita and Atit. The narrator tries to know the fact from Susmita. Susmita also accepts what happened and also shows that there was Saaya's fault in Atit's poor mental health. Narrator with the help of Sushmita finally convinces Saaya that she should continue her relationship with Atit. Saaya also goes to live with Atit. After sometime, they both come to Nepal and have short talks with writer. Atit visits his hometown, Dhangadhi and also calls Saaya there. Atit's mother gives a Tilhari to Saaya as token of love. They have fun but soon Saaya has to go to Kathmandu for the engagement with Sujan, an NRN. Saaya succeeds in breaking engagement but her parents are angry with her. Saaya, Atit and friends go for trip to Goa. Later, they return to Norway. Saaya's parents also come to visit Saaya in Norway. During their visit, they find out that Saaya is married after seeing Tilhari. Angry and furious, Saaya's parents leave for Nepal. Saaya's health also deteriorates after the incident. Atit looks after Saaya. Saaya wills to go to her father but Atil tries to stop her and not come in her father's sweet words. Saaya goes to Nepal whereas Atit's condition degrades. He does not eat food and is always thinking about Saaya. Soon, Saaya calls Atit to Nepal. Atit finds Saaya's father ill. Saaya's father talks with him and says that they can live together in Norway and he didn't wanted inter caste marriage of Saaya only due to pressure of society. Saaya and Atit are united and this was all about their love story full of obstacles which they overcame successfully. The novel ends with Saaya asking narrator that he must tell about his love story the next time they meet.
<Ulish_Booker>	Ulish Booker (August 14, 1979) is a former offensive tackle.Ulish began his football career in West Haven, Connecticut, playing for West Haven High School where he made the All-State team.  He went on to play college football for Michigan State University, and he was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Atlanta Falcons.  The Falcons cut Booker in 2003 before he played a single down in the NFL.Booker would, however, eventually make his way back into the NFL on February 1, 2005, when he was signed by the Pittsburgh Steelers and allocated to NFL Europe where he played for the Amsterdam Admirals.
<J._Edward_Meyer>	J. Edward Meyer III (born April 15, 1935) is an American politician. Meyer, a Democrat, is a former member of the Connecticut State Senate, representing the 12th District from 2005 to 2015.  Meyer was also a member of the New York State Assembly, serving as a Republican from 1971 to 1973 and a Democrat from 1973 to 1975.J. Edward Meyer III was born on April 15, 1935, in New York City, the son of J. Edward Meyer Jr. and Carolyn S. Meyer. He graduated from Yale University and Yale Law School.In 1964, Meyer was appointed by then U.S. Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy to a position in the Justice Department, where he mainly focused on organized crime prosecutions. Meyer was a member of the New York State Assembly from 1971 to 1975, sitting in the 179th and 180th New York State Legislatures. While initially elected as a Republican, Meyer changed parties in 1973, serving out his term as a Democrat. In 1976, Meyer won the Democratic nomination for New York's 23rd congressional district, however, he was defeated in the general election by Bruce F. Caputo. Meyer also served on the Board of Regents of the State University of New York from 1977 to 2000.
<Chōjun_Miyagi>	Chōjun Miyagi (宮城 長順, Miyagi Chōjun, April 25, 1888 – October 8, 1953) was an Okinawan martial artist who founded the Gōjū-ryū school of karate by blending Okinawan and Chinese influences.Sensei Miyagi was born in Higashimachi, Naha, Okinawa on April 25, 1888. One of his parents was a wealthy shop owner. Chojun Miyagi began studying Okinawan martial arts under Ryuko Aragaki at age 11. At age 14, Miyagi was introduced to Kanryo Higashionna (Higaonna Kanryō) by Aragaki. Under his tutelage, Miyagi underwent a very long and arduous period of training. His training with Higaonna was interrupted for a two-year period while Miyagi completed his military service, 1910–1912, in Miyakonojō, Miyazaki. Miyagi trained under Higaonna for 15 years until Higaonna's death in 1916.In May 1915, before the death of Higaonna, Miyagi travelled to Fujian Province. In China he visited the grave of Higaonna's teacher, Ryū Ryū Ko. In this first trip he travelled with Eisho Nakamoto. After Kanryo Higaonna's death (in Oct, 1915) he made a second trip to Fuzhou with Gokenki. In this second trip he studied some local Chinese martial arts. It was in this second trip that he observed the Rokkishu (a set of hand exercises rather than a formal kata, which emphasizes the rotation of the forearms and wrists to execute offensive and defensive techniques), which he then adapted into the Tensho Kata. From the blending of these systems, and his native Naha-Te, a new system emerged. However, it was not until 1929 that Chōjun Miyagi named the system Gōjū-ryū, meaning "hard soft style".
<Trun_No_Grah>	Trun No Grah (Gujarati: તૃણનો ગ્રહ) is a collection of poems written in Gujarati by Natwarlal Kuberdas Pandya, better known by his pen name 'Ushnas.' The book received the Narmad Suvarna Chandrak in 1963. It is considered one of the finest works of poetry in Gujarati literature.The poems in Trun No Grah, written by Ushnas between 1959 and 1963, were published during this period in several literary magazines, such as Sanskruti, Kumar, Kshitij, Vishwa Manav, Kavilok, Samarpan, Manjari, Akhandanand, Ruchi, and Milan.Trun No Grah was published in October 1964 by Harihar Pustakalay, Surat.
<Vermin_Supreme>	Vermin Love Supreme (born 1960 or 1961) is an American performance artist and activist who has run as a candidate in various local, state, and national elections in the United States. He served as a member of the Libertarian Party's judicial committee. Supreme is known for wearing a boot as a hat and carrying a large toothbrush, and has said that if elected President of the United States, he will pass a law requiring people to brush their teeth. He has campaigned on a platform of zombie apocalypse awareness and time travel research, and promised a free pony for every American.In 2011, he participated in the Occupy Boston protests.He is the subject of the 2014 documentary Who Is Vermin Supreme? An Outsider Odyssey, which follows his 2012 campaign and explores his life as an activist and political prankster.
<Giammario_Piscitella>	Giammario Piscitella (born 24 March 1993) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Serie C Group B club Rimini.As a graduate of Roma reserve team, Piscitella signed a new five-year contract in May 2012. On 30 July he was involved in the transfer of Mattia Destro (€16 million) from Genoa (€8.5 million) and Siena (€7.5 million), with Piscitella and Valerio Verre going to Genoa in co-ownership deal for €1.5 million each.
<Martin_Indyk>	Martin Sean Indyk (born July 1, 1951) is an American diplomat and foreign relations analyst with expertise in the Middle East. He was a distinguished fellow in International Diplomacy and later executive vice president at the Brookings Institution in Washington, D.C from 2001-2018. He took leave from the Brookings Institution to serve as the U.S. Special Envoy for Israeli–Palestinian Negotiations from 2013 to 2014. He is currently a distinguished fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations.Indyk served twice as United States ambassador to Israel and also as Assistant Secretary of State for Near East Affairs during the Clinton Administration.Martin Indyk was born in 1951 in London, United Kingdom, to a Jewish family who had immigrated from Poland. His family moved to Australia, where he was raised, growing up in the Sydney suburb of Castlecrag. His older brother is the Australian academic and publisher Ivor Indyk.
<Community_of_Madrid>	The Community of Madrid (English: /məˈdrɪd/; Spanish: Comunidad de Madrid Spanish pronunciation: [komuniˈðað ðe maˈðɾið] (listen)) is one of the seventeen autonomous communities of Spain. It is located in the centre of the Iberian Peninsula, and of the Central Plateau (Meseta Central). Its capital and largest municipality is the City of Madrid, which is also the capital of the country. The Community of Madrid is bounded to the south and east by Castilla–La Mancha and to the north and west by Castile and León. It was formally created in 1983, based on the limits of the province of Madrid, which was until then conventionally included in the historical region of New Castile.The Community of Madrid is the third most populous in Spain with 6,661,949 (2019) inhabitants mostly concentrated in the metropolitan area of Madrid. It is also the most densely populated autonomous community. In absolute terms, Madrid's economy has been, since 2018, slightly bigger in size than that of Catalonia. Madrid has the highest GDP per capita in the country.
<Jack_Wrather>	John Devereaux Wrather Jr. (May 24, 1918 – November 12, 1984), was an entrepreneur and petroleum businessman who became a television producer and later diversified by investing in broadcast stations and resort properties. He is best known for producing The Lone Ranger, Sergeant Preston of the Yukon, and Lassie television series in the 1950s as well as marrying actress Bonita Granville.Wrather was born in Amarillo, Texas on (1918-05-24)May 24, 1918 to Mazie (Cogdell) and John Devereaux Wrather, Sr.  They moved to Tyler, where he grew up and graduated from the local high school in 1935. He graduated cum laude with a Bachelor of Arts degree from The University of Texas at Austin in 1939. He worked in the oilfields of East Texas as a wildcatter and pipeline walker as his college summer job. When his father became ill in the early 1940s, he took over as president of his father's oil company, Overton Refining Company.On July 31, 1941, he married Molly O'Daniel, the daughter of Democratic Governor and later U.S. Senator Wilbert Lee "Pappy" O'Daniel. They had two children before divorcing in 1945. Wrather served in the U.S. Marine Corps Reserve during World War II (1942–1947) in three campaigns and commanded a Marine air group in the Philippines.
<SUNY_Downstate_Medical_Center>	SUNY Downstate Health Sciences University (Downstate) is a public medical school and hospital in Brooklyn, New York. It is the southernmost member of the State University of New York (SUNY) system and the only academic medical center for health education, research, and patient care serving Brooklyn's 2.5 million residents. As of Fall 2018, it had a total student body of 1,846 and approximately 8,000 faculty and staff.Downstate Medical Center comprises a College of Medicine, Colleges of Nursing and Health Related Professions, Schools of Graduate Studies and Public Health, and University Hospital of Brooklyn. It also includes a major research complex and biotechnology facilities.SUNY Downstate ranks eighth nationally in the number of alumni who are on the faculty of American medical schools. More physicians practicing in New York City graduated from Downstate than from any other medical school. With 1,040 residents (young physicians in training), Downstate's residency program is the 16th largest in the country.
<Lloyds_Development_Capital>	Lloyds Development Capital (Holdings) Limited (LDC), is a mid-market private equity house and subsidiary of Lloyds Banking Group, established in 1981 as Lloyds Development Capital Limited. From 1999 to 2011, it was known as Lloyds TSB Development Capital Limited.In 1991, investment exceeded £30 million for the first time and in, 2001, LDC completed its 300th investment. By 2007, investment exceeded £300 million and it completed its 400th investment.
<Juan_Serrallés_Colón>	Juan Eugenio Serrallés Colón (1836–1921) was the founder of Hacienda Mercedita in Ponce, Puerto Rico, and what was to become Destileria Serralles, producers of "Don Q", a brand of Puerto Rican rum.Juan Serrallés Colón, born in Ponce, Puerto Rico, was the son of Sebastian Serrallés, a wealthy Spaniard from Catalonia who settled in Ponce in the early 19th century and went into the sugarcane business, and Juana Colon.  Serrallés Colón was the owner of "Hacienda Mercedita" as well as the neighboring Hacienda Fe and Hacienda Laurel.
<Tamás_Priskin>	Tamás Priskin (Hungarian: [ˈpriʃkin ˈtɒmaːʃ]; born 27 September 1986) is a Hungarian professional footballer who plays for Győri ETO FC as a striker.He spent most of his career in England, with Watford and Ipswich Town. His first season on arrival in 2006 was in the Premier League, and he spent the remainder in the Championship. Since his release from Ipswich in January 2012, Priskin has played in brief stints in Russia, Austria, Israel, Hungary and Slovakia.
<George_Uhlenbeck>	George Eugene Uhlenbeck (December 6, 1900 – October 31, 1988) was a Dutch-American theoretical physicist.George Uhlenbeck was the son of Eugenius and Anne Beeger Uhlenbeck. He attended the Hogere Burgerschool (High School) in The Hague, from which he graduated in 1918.He subsequently entered Delft University of Technology as a student in chemical engineering. During the next year, he transferred to the Leiden University, to study physics and mathematics, and he earned his bachelor's degree in 1920 (Dutch: Kandidaatsexamen). Uhlenbeck was then admitted by Ehrenfest (a student of Boltzmann's) to the Wednesday evening physics colloquium in Leiden. Ehrenfest became the most important scientific influence in his life. From 1922 to 1925 Uhlenbeck was the tutor of the younger son of the Dutch ambassador in Rome. While there, he attended lectures by Tullio Levi-Civita and Vito Volterra and met his longtime friend, Enrico Fermi. In 1923, Uhlenbeck received his master's degree from Leiden (Dutch: Doctoraalexamen).
<Carl_Ferdinand_Cori>	Carl Ferdinand Cori, ForMemRS (December 5, 1896 – October 20, 1984) was an Austrian-American  biochemist and pharmacologist born in Prague (then in Austria-Hungary, now Czech Republic) who, together with his wife Gerty Cori and Argentine physiologist Bernardo Houssay, received a Nobel Prize in 1947 for their discovery of how the glucose derivative glycogen (animal starch) is broken down and resynthesized in the body for use as a store and source of energy. In 2004, both Coris were designated a National Historic Chemical Landmark in recognition of their work that elucidated carbohydrate metabolism.Carl was the son of Carl Isidor Cori (1865, Brüx [Czech: Most], Bohemia, Austrian Empire–1954, Vienna), a zoologist, and Maria Cori (née Lippich; 1870, Graz–1922, Prague), a daughter of the Italian-Bohemian/Austrian physician Ferdinand Lippich [de; cs] (1838, Padua–1913, Prague).The Cori family came from the Papal State (later the Roman Republic, today's Central Italy) to the royal Bohemian crownland, (Monarchical Austria at the end of the 17th century). Carl Ferdinand's grandfather Eduard Cori (1812–1889) was an administrative officer and beekeeper in Brüx, and his grandmother was Rosina Trinks (?–1909). Carl Ferdinand's younger sister Margarete Cori (born 1905) was a lecturer in Prague and the wife of the Bohemian geneticist Felix Mainx (1900, Prague–1983, Vienna).
<Michael_F._Dwyer>	Michael F. Dwyer (1847–1906)  was an American businessman and prominent owner of Thoroughbred racehorses and racetracks from Brooklyn, New York. He and older brother Philip made a fortune in the meat packing industry, supplying butcher shops, eating establishments and hotels.In 1874 the Dwyer brothers entered the sport of Thoroughbred racing, building their Dwyer Brothers Stable into one of the top racing operations in the United States. Between them, they won the Kentucky Derby twice, the Preakness Stakes once, and the Belmont Stakes five times in the six years from 1883 through 1888. They owned and raced some of the best horses in the history of American Thoroughbred flat racing including four that have been inducted in the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame. In 1890, the Dwyers decided to dissolve their formal racing partnership. Mike Dwyer went on to enjoy further racing success and gained control of the New Jersey Jockey Club that operated a racetrack in Elizabeth, New Jersey.During the 1880s, the Dwyer brothers entered into a leasing arrangement for the Prospect Park Fair Grounds Trotting Track which they operated so successfully that they decided to build their own racing facility. In 1887 they established the Brooklyn Jockey Club which built and operated the Gravesend Race Track at Gravesend on Coney Island, New York.
<University_of_Pennsylvania>	The University of Pennsylvania (also known as Penn or UPenn) is a private Ivy League research university in Philadelphia. It is the fourth-oldest institution of higher education in the United States and is ranked among the highest-regarded universities by numerous organizations and scholars. While the university dates its founding to 1740, it was created by Benjamin Franklin and other Philadelphia citizens in 1749.The university has four undergraduate schools as well as twelve graduate and professional schools. Schools enrolling undergraduates include the College of Arts and Sciences, the School of Engineering and Applied Science, the Wharton School, and the School of Nursing. Among its highly ranked graduate schools are its law school, whose first professor wrote the first draft of the United States Constitution, its medical school, the first in North America, and Wharton, the first collegiate business school. Penn's endowment is US$20.7 billion, putting it amongst the wealthiest academic institutions in the world, and its 2019 research budget was $1.02 billion.
<Lorna_Gray>	Virginia Pound (July 26, 1917 – April 30, 2017), known professionally as Lorna Gray and (after 1945) Adrian Booth, was an American film actress known for her comic roles, and later as a villainess. She is best known for her roles in Columbia Pictures comedy shorts and Republic Pictures serials.Gray was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan. After her father's millinery business was a victim of the Great Depression, the family split up. Before appearing in films, Gray sang with a group in Cleveland called Ben Yost's Varsity Coeds, who performed primarily in movie theaters before the movie began.
<Rajawali_Corporation>	PT Rajawali Corpora (RC) is an Indonesian holding company based in Jakarta, Indonesia. The corporation was formerly established in 1984 by Peter Sondakh as PT Rajawali Wira Bhakti Utama. Throughout the decades, Rajawali has developed into a regional player in several major business ventures and portfolios; ranging from Agriculture, Infrastructure, Information & Technology, Consumer Goods, Media & Communication, Mining & Resources, Property & Hotels, Retail, and Transportation Services.In 2004, the chairman and CEO of Rajawali Corpora, Peter Sondakh, founded Rajawali Foundation (RF) as the philanthropic arm of Rajawali Corpora. The mission of RF is to promote peace, prosperity and the conservation of Indonesia's natural heritage through support for research, education and training. The foundation's emphasis on education reflects Mr. Sondakh's view that knowledge, skills and creativity are the true foundations of equitable and sustainable economic development.
<James_David_Forbes>	James David Forbes FRS FRSE FGS (1809–1868) was a Scottish physicist and glaciologist who worked extensively on the conduction of heat and seismology. Forbes was a resident of Edinburgh for most of his life, educated at its University and a professor there from 1833 until he became principal of the United College of St Andrews in 1859.He invented an inverted pendulum seismometer in 1842.
<Horace_Lamb>	Sir Horace Lamb Kt FRS (27 November 1849 – 4 December 1934) was a British applied mathematician and author of several influential texts on classical physics, among them Hydrodynamics (1895) and Dynamical Theory of Sound (1910). Both of these books remain in print. The word vorticity was coined by Lamb in 1916.Lamb was born in Stockport, Cheshire, the son of John Lamb and his wife Elizabeth, née Rangeley. John Lamb was a foreman in a cotton mill who had gained some distinction by the invention of an improvement to spinning machines, he died when his son was a child. Lamb's mother married again, and shortly afterwards Horace went to live with his strict but maternal aunt, Mrs. Holland. He studied at Stockport Grammar School, where he made the acquaintance of a wise and kindly headmaster in the Rev. Charles Hamilton, and a graduate of classics, Frederic Slaney Poole, who in his final year became a good friend. It was from these two tutors that Lamb acquired his taste for mathematics and, to a somewhat lesser extent, classical literature.
<Leo_Gorcey>	Leo Bernard Gorcey (June 3, 1917– June 2, 1969) was an American stage and film actor, famous for portraying the leader of a group of hooligans known variously as the Dead End Kids, the East Side Kids and, as adults, The Bowery Boys. Gorcey was famous for his use of malapropisms, such as "I depreciate it!" instead of "I appreciate it!"Gorcey was born in New York City on June 3, 1917, the son of Josephine (née Condon), an Irish Catholic immigrant, and Bernard Gorcey, a Russian Jewish immigrant. Both were vaudevillian actors of short stature. Bernard Gorcey was 4 ft 10 in (1.47 m) and his wife was 4 ft 11 in (1.50 m). Their son would reach 5 ft 6 in (1.68 m) in adulthood.In the 1930s, Gorcey's father lived apart from the family while working in theater and film. When he returned in 1935, he and Leo's younger brother David Gorcey persuaded Leo to audition for a small part in the play Dead End. Leo had just lost a job as a plumber's apprentice and wished to emulate his father's modest success. The Gorcey boys were cast in small roles as two members of the East 53rd Place Gang (originally dubbed the "2nd Avenue Boys") in the play Dead End by Sidney Kingsley. Charles Duncan, originally cast as Spit, left the play, and Gorcey, his understudy, was promoted. Gorcey created the stage persona of a quarrelsome guttersnipe whose greatest joy was to make trouble.
<Let's_Go_with_Pancho_Villa>	Let's Go with Pancho Villa (Spanish: Vámonos con Pancho Villa) is a Mexican motion picture directed by Fernando de Fuentes in 1936, the last of the director's Revolution Trilogy, besides El prisionero trece and El compadre Mendoza.An anti-epic based on a novel, it focuses on the cruelty of the Mexican Revolution and Pancho Villa himself, contrary to most of the Mexican movies about this national hero.The movie is thought to have been the first Mexican super-production and led to the bankruptcy of the film company that made it.
<Another_Simpsons_Clip_Show>	"Another Simpsons Clip Show" is the third episode of the sixth season of the American animated television series The Simpsons. It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on September 25, 1994. In the episode, Marge reads a romance novel in bed, and it prompts her to have a family meeting, where the Simpson family recall their past loves in form of clips from previous episodes.The episode was written by Jon Vitti (credited as "Penny Wise") and directed by David Silverman. It is the second The Simpsons episode featuring a clip show format and uses clips from all the previous five seasons. The episode features cultural references to the 1992 book The Bridges of Madison County and the 1967 film The Graduate. The episode has received generally negative reviews, since clip shows tend to be the least favorite episodes among fans. It acquired a Nielsen rating of 8.7 and was the fourth highest rated show on the Fox network that week.Marge is reading The Bridges of Madison County one night and wakes up Homer to ask if he thinks the romance has gone out of their marriage. Homer ignores her and tosses the book into the fireplace.
<Portugal_national_football_B_team>	The Portugal national football "B" team is the secondary football team of Portugal. It is used primarily for youth footballers or uncapped footballers with a strong prospect for the main team.
<Andrew_Adonis,_Baron_Adonis>	Andrew Adonis, Baron Adonis, PC (born Andreas Adonis; 22 February 1963) is a British Labour Party politician and journalist who served in HM Government for five years in the Blair ministry and the Brown ministry. He served as Secretary of State for Transport from 2009 to 2010, and as Chairman of the National Infrastructure Commission from 2015 to 2017. He was Chair of the European Movement, from March 2021 until December 2022  having previously served as Vice-Chairman from 2019 to 2021. He is currently a columnist for The New European.Adonis began his career as an academic at Oxford University, before becoming a journalist at the Financial Times and later The Observer. Adonis was appointed by Prime Minister Tony Blair to be an advisor at the Number 10 Policy Unit, specialising in constitutional and educational policy, in 1998. He was later promoted to become the Head of the Policy Unit from 2001 until being created a life peer in 2005, when he was appointed Minister of State for Education in HM Government. He remained in that role when Gordon Brown became Prime Minister in 2007, before becoming Minister of State for Transport in 2008. In 2009, he was promoted to the Cabinet as Transport Secretary, a position he held until 2010.
<Slouching_Towards_Bethlehem>	Slouching Towards Bethlehem is a 1968 collection of essays by Joan Didion that mainly describes her experiences in California during the 1960s. It takes its title from the poem "The Second Coming" by W. B. Yeats. The contents of this book are reprinted in Didion's We Tell Ourselves Stories in Order to Live: Collected Nonfiction (2006).According to Nathan Heller in The New Yorker, the book came about this way: "In the spring of 1967, Joan Didion [was ...] engaged to write a regular column for the Saturday Evening Post. [...] At some point, an editor suggested that she had the makings of a collection, so she stacked her columns with past articles she liked (a report from Hawaii, the best of some self-help columns she'd churned out while a junior editor at Vogue), set them in a canny order with a three-paragraph introduction, and sent them off. This was Slouching Towards Bethlehem."The title essay describes Didion's impressions of the Haight-Ashbury district of San Francisco during the neighborhood's heyday as a countercultural center. In contrast to the more utopian image of the milieu promoted by counterculture sympathizers then and now, Didion offers a rather grim portrayal of the goings-on, including an encounter with a pre-school-age child who was given LSD by her parents.
<Matteucci_Medal>	The Matteucci Medal is an Italian award for physicists, named after Carlo Matteucci from Forlì. It was established to award physicists for their fundamental contributions. Under an Italian Royal Decree dated July 10, 1870, the Italian Society of Sciences was authorized to receive a donation from Carlo Matteucci for the establishment of the Prize.
<Robert_Desiderio>	Robert Desiderio (born September 9, 1951) is an American actor best known for his roles on television.Desiderio was born in The Bronx, the son of Mary (née Demattia) and Anthony J. Desiderio. He and actress Judith Light married in 1985. They have no children.Desiderio first came to prominence in soap operas, appearing in daytime dramas such as Search for Tomorrow (1979–80), Ryan's Hope (1982) and One Life to Live (1982–83). In 1986–1987, he starred in the short-lived ABC primetime drama series Heart of the City. From 1988 to 1989 he had the recurring role of Ted Melcher in the CBS primetime soap opera, Knots Landing. Desiderio also had recurring roles on MacGruder and Loud, Cheers and The Sopranos, and guest-starred in The A-Team, Remington Steele, The Fall Guy,  Matlock, Family Ties, Murder, She Wrote, Murphy Brown and Ugly Betty. He appeared in a number of made for television movies, include The Princess and the Cabbie and Once You Meet a Stranger. In 1996, he appeared alongside his wife in the documentary Paul Monette: The Brink of Summer's End. Desiderio co-wrote the 2007 film Save Me starring Chad Allen and his wife Judith Light.
<Judy_Chu>	Judy May Chu (born July 7, 1953) is an American politician serving as the U.S. representative for California's 27th congressional district since 2013. A member of the Democratic Party, she has held a seat in Congress since 2009, representing California's 32nd congressional district until redistricting. Chu is the first Chinese American woman elected to Congress.Chu was elected to the California Board of Equalization in 2007, representing the 4th district. She previously served on the Garvey Unified School District Board of Education, on the Monterey Park City Council (with three terms as mayor) and in the California State Assembly. Chu ran in the 32nd congressional district special election for the seat vacated by Hilda Solis after Solis was confirmed as President Obama's Secretary of Labor in 2009. She defeated Republican candidate Betty Tom Chu and Libertarian candidate Christopher Agrella in a runoff election on July 14, 2009. Chu was redistricted to the 27th district in 2012, but still reelected to a third term, defeating Republican challenger Jack Orswell.Chu was born in 1953 in Los Angeles. Her father, Judson Chu, was a Chinese American World War II veteran born in California, and her mother, May, was a war bride originally from Jiangmen, Guangdong. Chu grew up in Los Angeles, near 62nd Street and Normandie Avenue, until her early teen years, when the family moved to the Bay Area.
<William_Masters>	William Howell Masters (December 27, 1915 – February 16, 2001) was an American gynecologist, best known as the senior member of the Masters and Johnson sexuality research team. Along with his partner Virginia E. Johnson, he pioneered research into the nature of human sexual response and the diagnosis and treatment of sexual dysfunctions and disorders from 1957 until the 1990s.Born in Cleveland, Ohio, William Masters was the older son of Francis Wynn Masters and Estabrooks Taylor Masters. His younger brother was named Frank. Growing up, Masters had a particularly rough childhood at the hands of his father, a difficult man who liked to be in control and had a very bad temper. All household decisions had to be cleared through the father, and in fits of anger he beat young Bill with a belt, sometimes until Bill bled. Nevertheless, Bill was a bright child and excelled at school. After his Aunt Sally decided to pay his tuition, Masters attended the Lawrenceville School, a preparatory school in New Jersey, then for boys only. Once Bill began his education, his father considered him an adult and gave him little to no financial or family support, and so he rarely visited home. With the completion of his early education Masters then attended and graduated from Hamilton College in upstate New York. Afterward, he enrolled at the University of Rochester Medical School, from which he received his medical degree. He was a member of Alpha Delta Phi, and became a faculty member at Washington University in St. Louis. In 1942, he married his first wife, Elizabeth Ellis, who was known as Libby or Betty. The couple had two children.Masters met Virginia E. Johnson in 1957 when he hired her as a research assistant to undertake a comprehensive study of human sexuality. Masters divorced his first wife, Elizabeth Ellis Masters, to marry Johnson in 1971. Masters and Johnson eventually divorced over two decades later but continued their professional collaboration.
<Mark_Bostick_Golf_Course>	The Mark Bostick Golf Course at the University of Florida, located in Gainesville, Florida, is the home course of the Florida Gators men's golf and Florida Gators women's golf teams. The course is owned by the university and operated by the University Athletic Association (UAA).The Bostick Golf Course is located on 118 acres (0.48 km2) of softly rolling terrain on the northwest corner of the university campus, adjoining S.W. 34th Street and S.W. 2nd Avenue, and less than a mile from the central undergraduate campus. It is heavily lined with trees, and includes over 140 bunkers. The facilities include the Guy Bostick Club House, and a dedicated practice area for the Gators men's and women's golf teams. The course is named for Mark Bostick, president of Comcar Industries and a generous donor to the Florida Gators athletics program.The course was formerly the home of the Gainesville Country Club, and was acquired by the university in 1963. Noted Scottish golfer and golf course architect Donald Ross designed the course in 1921, when it was originally owned and operated by the country club. In 2001, golf course architect Bobby Weed renovated the facility, with $4 million in private donations. As part of the renovation, the course length was stretched by 500 yards, to a total length just over 6,700 yards, and re-rated as a par 70. MacCurrach Golf Construction, Inc. was the primary construction contractor. When completed in November 2001, the University Athletic Association celebrated the occasion with "Gator Golf Day," an alumni golf event that included former Gator golf greats.
<Harvey_(film)>	Harvey, Harveys or Harvey's may refer to:
<Byzantine_commonwealth>	The term Byzantine commonwealth was coined by 20th-century historians to refer to the area where Byzantine general influence (Byzantine liturgical and cultural tradition) was spread during the Middle Ages by the Byzantine Empire and its missionaries. This area covers approximately the modern-day countries of Greece, Cyprus, North Macedonia, Bulgaria, Serbia, Montenegro, Romania, Moldova, Ukraine, Belarus, southwestern Russia, and Georgia (known as the region of Eastern Orthodoxy in Europe or the Orthodox civilization). According to Anthony Kaldellis, the Byzantines in generally did not have a ecumenical outlook, nor did they think about the notion of an panorthodox commonwealth, which he describes as "Roman Chavinism".The most important treatment of the concept is a study by Dimitri Obolensky, The Byzantine Commonwealth. In his book Six Byzantine Portraits he examined the life and works of six persons mentioned in The Byzantine Commonwealth. He also described the commonwealth as the international community within the sphere of authority of the Byzantine emperor, bound by the same profession of Orthodox Christianity, and accepting the principles of Romano-Byzantine law.There are scholars, however, who criticize this conceptualization, disputing the notion of an unchallenged superiority of the Byzantine empire. It is argued that the complex and multi-faceted dynamics of documented cultural exchange was not aligned with the theory that Constantinople was the superior core while those in periphery understood their marginal position and merely imitated their superiors. Instead of Byzantine commonwealth, historian Christian Raffensperger, proposed that it be recast as the "Byzantine ideal". Bulgaria was a constant and powerful rival to the Byzantine empire during the Middle Ages. Here, the empire maintains its belief in the traditional hierarchy and the imperial authority while its reach and sway were already considerably diminished.
<Waiting_for_Godot>	Waiting for Godot (/ˈɡɒdoʊ/ GOD-oh) is a play by Samuel Beckett in which two characters, Vladimir (Didi) and Estragon (Gogo), engage in a variety of discussions and encounters while awaiting the titular Godot, who never arrives. Waiting for Godot is Beckett's translation of his own original French-language play, En attendant Godot, and is subtitled (in English only) "a tragicomedy in two acts". The original French text was composed between 9 October 1948 and 29 January 1949. The premiere, directed by Roger Blin, was on 5 January 1953 at the Théâtre de Babylone [fr], Paris. The English-language version premiered in London in 1955. In a poll conducted by the British Royal National Theatre in 1998/99, it was voted the "most significant English-language play of the 20th century".The play opens with two bedraggled acquaintances, Vladimir and Estragon, meeting by a leafless tree. Estragon notifies Vladimir of his most recent troubles: he spent the previous night lying in a ditch and received a beating from a number of anonymous assailants. The duo discuss a variety of issues at length, none of any apparent significance, and it is finally revealed that they are awaiting a man named Godot. They are not certain if they have ever met Godot, nor if he will even arrive.
<William_Lindsay_Gresham>	William Lindsay Gresham (/ˈɡrɛʃəm/; August 20, 1909 – September 14, 1962) was an American novelist and non-fiction author particularly well-regarded among readers of noir. His best-known work is Nightmare Alley (1946), which was adapted to film in 1947 and 2021.Gresham was born in Baltimore, Maryland. As a child, he moved with his family to New York, where he became fascinated by the sideshow at Coney Island. Upon graduating from Erasmus Hall High School in Brooklyn in 1926, Gresham drifted from job to job, and worked as a folk singer in Greenwich Village.His parents divorced when he was 16. His own first marriage also ended in divorce, as well as his second to a New Jersey socialite which fell apart after nine years when he returned to America, embittered by his experiences in Spain. In 1937, Gresham had served as a volunteer medic for the Abraham Lincoln Brigade forces during the Spanish Civil War.  There, he befriended a former sideshow employee, Joseph Daniel "Doc" Halliday, and their long conversations inspired much of his work,  particularly Gresham's two books about the American carnival, the nonfiction Monster Midway and the fictional Nightmare Alley.
<AT&T_Building_(Nashville)>	The AT&T Building (formerly the South Central Bell Building and BellSouth Building, also colloquially known as the Batman Building) is a 617-foot (188 m), 33-story skyscraper completed in September 1994 and located in Nashville, Tennessee. The structure is designed as an office tower capable of housing 2,000 workers. It is currently the tallest building in the state of Tennessee.The building sits on 2.7 acres (11,000 m2) of property on Commerce St between 3rd and 4th Avenues North, and has a footprint of 1+2⁄3 city blocks. It features a three-story winter garden atrium as its foyer and has a nine-story underground parking garage with 1,300 vehicle capacity. Its distinctive design and dark coloration have earned it the nickname "Batman Building", due to its resemblance to the cowl of superhero character Batman.
<Lüthi_und_Blanc>	 Lüthi und Blanc is a Swiss German language television drama serial (soap opera) of the 1990s and 2000s. It was filmed and produced at locations in Switzerland by Schweizer Radio und Fernsehen SRF.The various plot lines are about the fate of families around the stubborn chocolate factory-owner Jean-Jacques Blanc (Hans Heinz Moser), his wife Johanna (Linda Geiser), whose daughter Catherine (Isabelle von Siebenthal) and her son, and Catherine's husband Martin Lüthi (Hans Schenker). Opponent of the Lüthi and Blanc-clans and "villain" of the series is the opaque, scheming bankers and illegitimate son of J.J. Blanc, Michael Frick (Gilles Tschudi). The serial focusses on locations in Zürich and Sainte-Croix, the location of the fictional chocolate factory J. J. Blanc.In addition to the places where the characters live and work, the locations include the "Calvados Bar" in Zurich-Wiedikon, which is run by Martin Lüthi's mother Lilian (Renate Steiger) and his half-sister Maja (Tonia Maria Zindel) and her husband Steve Meier (Martin Schenkel and Roeland Wiesnekker respectively), various shared flats and a farm in the Zurich province. In addition, there are the fictional restaurants "De la Poste" in Sainte-Croix and "Balthasar" in Zurich, which serve as meeting places.
<Lolita>	Lolita is a 1955 novel written by Russian-American novelist Vladimir Nabokov. The novel is notable for its controversial subject: the protagonist and unreliable narrator, a middle-aged literature professor under the pseudonym Humbert Humbert, is obsessed with a 12-year-old girl, Dolores Haze, whom he kidnaps and sexually abuses after becoming her stepfather. "Lolita", the Spanish nickname for Dolores, is what he calls her privately. The novel was originally written in English and first published in Paris in 1955 by Olympia Press.The novel has been twice adapted into film: first by Stanley Kubrick in 1962, and later by Adrian Lyne in 1997. It has also been adapted several times for the stage and has been the subject of two operas, two ballets, and an acclaimed, but commercially unsuccessful, Broadway musical. It has been included in many lists of best books, such as  Time's List of the 100 Best Novels,  Le Monde's 100 Books of the Century, Bokklubben World Library, Modern Library's 100 Best Novels, and The Big Read.
<Wendy_Moniz>	Wendy Moniz (born January 19, 1969) is an American television actress.  Her roles include Dinah Marler in the CBS soap opera Guiding Light, as Rachel McCabe in Nash Bridges, and as Louisa Archer in The Guardian. From 2013 to 2014, Moniz starred as Elaine McAllister in ABC drama series Betrayal. Moniz later had recurring roles as Laura Moretti in House of Cards (2015–2016), and as Governor Lynelle Perry in Yellowstone (2018–present).Moniz made her television debut in the CBS daytime soap opera Guiding Light  as Dinah Marler. She starred as a series regular from 1995 to 1999, and was nominated for two Soap Opera Digest Awards. Moniz later returned as a guest star in 2000 and 2002.In 1999, Moniz landed a role in the primetime CBS drama pilot Partners. In the same year, she starred as the female lead in the critically acclaimed television film adaptation of Mitch Albom's book Tuesdays with Morrie. She later was a series regular in the short-lived NBC comedy series Battery Park opposite Elizabeth Perkins. In fall of 2000, Moniz was cast as a series regular in the role of Rachel McCabe in the sixth and final season of the CBS series Nash Bridges. She later starred as Louisa "Lulu" Archer on the CBS series The Guardian opposite Simon Baker. The series aired from 2001 to 2004. Moniz guest starred in an episode of the NBC legal drama Law & Order in 2005, and had a recurring role as Stacey Walker in the ABC short-lived comedy-drama Big Shots in 2007. She later appeared as Jill Burnham on the FX series Damages from 2009 to 2010. In 2010 she was cast as Tom Selleck's love interest in the CBS police drama Blue Bloods, but the role was recast with Andrea Roth. She later appeared in the recurring role of Llanview Mayor Finn - who succeeds the exiting Mayor Dorian Lord on the ABC daytime soap opera One Life to Live in 2011. She also appeared in the ABC series 666 Park Avenue in 2012.
<George_Strath>	George Strath (1 October 1843 – 21 January 1919) was a Scottish professional golfer and golf course designer of the late 19th century and early 20th century. He was born in St Andrews, Fifeshire, Scotland. As a young lad he worked as a caddie, carrying the clubs of Old Tom Morris at St Andrews.Strath placed 14th in the 1878 Open Championship at Prestwick. He served as the first professional at Royal Troon Golf Club in Scotland from 1881–87. In June 1883, Strath increased the links at Troon to twelve holes.  A further six holes were completed by 1885.Strath's brother—Davie Strath—was also a fine golfer with seven top-10 finishes in the Open Championship. His other brother, Andrew Strath, won the 1865 Open Championship. George had three brothers, one of which was not a professional golfer.
<Hisashi_Iwakuma>	Hisashi Iwakuma (岩隈 久志, Iwakuma Hisashi, born April 12, 1981) is a Japanese former professional baseball pitcher. He has played in Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB) for the Osaka Kintetsu Buffaloes from 2000 to 2004, Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles from 2005 to 2011, and Yomiuri Giants in 2019, and all of his time in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Seattle Mariners from 2012 to 2017. Iwakuma retired in 2020 due to lingering shoulder issues that had prevented him from playing that year.Iwakuma made his professional debut with the Buffaloes in 2000. He was named a NPB All-Star in 2003 and 2004, and played in the 2004 Athens Olympics. He joined the Eagles in 2005. As the Eagles' reigning staff ace, Iwakuma won the Eiji Sawamura Award in 2008, and was also a NPB All-Star that year. He appeared in the 2009 World Baseball Classic for the Japanese national team.
<Dallas_(1978_TV_series)>	Dallas is an American prime time television soap opera that aired on CBS from April 2, 1978, to May 3, 1991. The series revolves around an affluent and feuding Texas family, the Ewings, who own the independent oil company Ewing Oil and the cattle-ranching land of Southfork. The series originally focused on the marriage of Bobby Ewing and Pamela Barnes, whose families were sworn enemies. As the series progressed, Bobby's elder brother, oil tycoon J.R. Ewing, became the show's breakout character, whose schemes and dirty business became the show's trademark. When the show ended on May 3, 1991, J.R. was the only character to have appeared in every episode.The show was prominent for its cliffhangers, including the "Who shot J.R.?" mystery. The 1980 episode "Who Done It" remains the second-highest-rated prime-time telecast ever. The show also featured a "Dream Season", in which the entirety of season 9 was revealed to have been a dream of Pamela Ewing. After 14 seasons, the series finale "Conundrum" aired in 1991.
<Carlos_Saleiro>	Carlos Miguel Mondim Saleiro (born 25 February 1986) is a Portuguese former professional footballer who played as a forward.The first baby in Portugal to be born through in vitro fertilisation treatment (IVF), he began his career at Sporting CP. He played for Sporting B in the 2003–04 season, and won caps at every level of Portuguese international football from under-17 to under-23. He helped his country to win the UEFA European Under-17 Championship in 2003 and the International Challenge Trophy in 2009–11. He was loaned out to Olivais e Moscavide from 2005 to 2007, and helped the club to win promotion out of the Segunda Divisão in 2005–06. He spent the 2007–08 season on loan at Fátima, and was loaned out to Primeira Liga clubs Vitória Setúbal and Académica in the 2008–09 campaign.
<Nathan_Scott_(composer)>	Nathan Scott (May 11, 1915 – February 27, 2010) was an American film score and television composer. He composed, conducted, arranged and orchestrated more than 850 separate credits in television, as well as the music for more than 100 films. His credits in television included Lassie, The Twilight Zone and Dragnet, while his film credits included the film score for Wake of the Red Witch.Scott was born in Salinas, California. He received a bachelor's degree in music from the University of California, Berkeley in 1939. He began working in radio broadcasting after graduation.Scott was named the West Coast music director for Blue Network, which was owned by NBC, in 1942. However, he was soon drafted into the United States Army during World War II, where wrote music and played the trombone for the Air Transport Command Band, based in Long Beach, California. He later conducted shows on the Armed Forces Radio Service such as Command Performance.
<Infinite_Jest>	Infinite Jest is a 1996 novel by American writer David Foster Wallace. Categorized as an encyclopedic novel, Infinite Jest is featured in TIME magazine's list of the 100 best English-language novels published between 1923 and 2005.The novel has an unconventional narrative structure and includes hundreds of extensive endnotes, some with footnotes of their own.
<Peter_Facinelli>	Peter Facinelli (born November 26, 1973) is an American actor and film and television producer. He starred as Donovan "Van" Ray on the Fox series Fastlane from 2002 to 2003. He played Dr. Carlisle Cullen in the film adaptations of the Twilight novel series, and is also known for his role as Mike Dexter in the 1998 film Can't Hardly Wait. Facinelli was a regular on the Showtime comedy-drama series Nurse Jackie, portraying the role of Dr. Fitch "Coop" Cooper. He portrayed Maxwell Lord on the first season of the TV series Supergirl.Facinelli grew up in Ozone Park, Queens, the son of Italian immigrants Bruna (née Reich), a homemaker, and Pierino Facinelli, a waiter. His parents are from the Val di Non valley, which is located in Trentino, Northern Italy. His father is from Revò, while his mother is from Spormaggiore. He was raised Catholic and attended St. Francis Preparatory School in Fresh Meadows, New York.He studied acting at New York University, as well as at the Atlantic Theater Company Acting School in New York City; his teachers there included William H. Macy, Felicity Huffman, Giancarlo Esposito and Camryn Manheim.
<Janice_de_Belen>	Catherine Janice Yap de Belen (Tagalog: [ˈdʒanɪs]; born November 9, 1968), better known as Janice de Belen, is a Filipino actress, commercial model and television host. She is dubbed as the “Queen of Horror-Drama” for her acting prowess and exceptional portrayals in both Filipino drama and horror films.De Belen is one of the most sought-after actresses and television personalities in the Philippines. In a career spanning four decades, she began her career in show business as a child star, and her breakthrough came when she played the title role in the wildly popular soap opera Flordeluna, which aired from 1979 until 1984. She was hailed as the “80s Teen Drama Princess” alongside then showbiz rival Julie Vega.
<Karl_August_Folkers>	Karl August Folkers (September 1, 1906 – December 7, 1997) was an American biochemist who made major contributions to the isolation and identification of bioactive natural products.Folkers graduated from the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences at the University of Illinois in 1928. In 1986, the institution awarded him its Alumni Achievement Award.His career was mainly spent at Merck. He played a prominent role in the isolation of vitamin B12 in 1947, which is one of the most structural complex of the vitamins. As a Merck Pharmaceuticals research team, Folkers, Fern P. Rathe, and Edward Anthony Kaczka were the first to isolate the antibiotic cathomycin in 1955. His team also isolated the antibiotic cycloserine. In 1958 his Merck team determined the structure of coenzyme Q10.
<Centenary_Medal>	The Centenary Medal is an award which was created by the Australian Government in 2001. It was established to commemorate the centenary of the Federation of Australia and to recognise "people who made a contribution to Australian society or government". It was also awarded to centenarians, Australian citizens born on or before 31 December 1901 who lived to celebrate the centenary of federation on 1 January 2001. Nominations were assessed by a panel chaired by historian Geoffrey Blainey.The obverse of the medal features a seven-pointed Commonwealth Star representing the six Australian states, with the seventh point representing Australia's territories. At the centre of the star is an Indigenous styling of Aboriginal traditions at the heart of the continent. Around the rim are 100 dots depicting 100 years of federation. The reverse features a seven pointed star, with the words "For Contribution Made to Australian Society" around the rim.
<Griffon_Ramsey>	Griffon E. Ramsey (née O'Connell; born April 23, 1980) is an American chainsaw carving artist known for her pop-culture wood sculptures which have appeared at the Australian Chainsaw Carving Championships and the Butler Chainsaw Carving Invitational. Chip Chats magazine described her as a "world-famous" artist with an, "edgy and bold style" while VICE and Uproxx called her a "rock star of the art world" and noted her status as a female in a largely male-dominated field.Several of her YouTube videos have attracted attention online, including her sculpting an Eastern red cedar into Groot from Guardians of the Galaxy, which accumulated over 115,000 views in three days. As of August 2019[update], her channel has over 4 million video views and 79,000 subscribers.Griffon Ramsey grew up in Oregon and was inspired by the carvings she saw as a child, including those of her grandfather. She graduated summa cum laude in 2008 from Texas State University with a BFA in Theatre and began chain-saw sculpting in 2011. Her first chainsaw was a gift from her husband, Geoff Ramsey. She was mentored by Disneyland parks wood designer R.L. Blair. Ramsey has stated that Griffon is not her birth name, having legally changed it while considering transitioning. She has since refused to acknowledge or disclose what her birth name is as she no longer feels a connection to that name and prefers Griffon.
<Virginia_Squires>	The Virginia Squires were a basketball team based in Norfolk, Virginia, and playing in several other Virginia cities. They were members of the American Basketball Association from 1970 to 1976.The team originated in 1967 as the Oakland Oaks, an ABA charter franchise based in Oakland, California. They moved to Washington, D.C. as the Washington Caps in 1969 but moved to Norfolk the following year, becoming the Squires. A regional team, they played home games in Richmond, Hampton, and Roanoke as well as Norfolk. The team folded in 1976, just a month before the ABA–NBA merger.The Squires were founded in 1967 as the Oakland Oaks, a charter member of the ABA.  The team colors were green and gold.  An earlier Oakland Oaks basketball team played in the American Basketball League (1961–62) in 1962. (The short-lived league folded on December 31, 1962.)
<Gödel_Prize>	The Gödel Prize is an annual prize for outstanding papers in the area of theoretical computer science, given jointly by the European Association for Theoretical Computer Science (EATCS) and the Association for Computing Machinery Special Interest Group on Algorithms and Computational Theory (ACM SIGACT). The award is named in honor of Kurt Gödel. Gödel's connection to theoretical computer science is that he was the first to mention the "P versus NP" question, in a 1956 letter to John von Neumann in which Gödel asked whether a certain NP-complete problem could be solved in quadratic or linear time.The Gödel Prize has been awarded since 1993. The prize is awarded either at STOC (ACM Symposium on Theory of Computing, one of the main North American conferences in theoretical computer science) or ICALP (International Colloquium on Automata, Languages and Programming, one of the main European conferences in the field).  To be eligible for the prize, a paper must be published in a refereed journal within the last 14 (formerly 7) years.  The prize includes a reward of US$5000.The winner of the Prize is selected by a committee of six members. The EATCS President and the SIGACT Chair each appoint three members to the committee, to serve staggered three-year terms. The committee is chaired alternately by representatives of EATCS and SIGACT.
<Ann_Fienup-Riordan>	Ann Fienup-Riordan (born 1948) is an American cultural anthropologist known for her work with the Yup'ik of western Alaska, particularly on Nelson Island and the Yukon–Kuskokwim Delta. She lives in Anchorage, Alaska.She received her Ph.D. in anthropology in 1980 from the University of Chicago, where she was influenced by David M. Schneider.  Her dissertation was based on 1976-77 fieldwork on Nelson Island, Alaska.Agayuliyararput (Our Way of Making Prayer): The Living Tradition of Yup'ik Masks. The exhibit opened in 1996 in Toksook Bay and at the Yupiit Piciryarait Museum in Bethel, and then moved to the Anchorage Museum of History and Art, Anchorage. It also traveled to the University of Alaska Museum, Fairbanks, and Alaska State Museum, Juneau, the National Museum of the American Indian, New York, Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History, Washington, D.C., and ending at the Seattle (Wash.) Art Museum in 1998. 
<Mickey's_Fun_Wheel>	Pixar Pal-A-Round (formerly known as the Sun Wheel and Mickey's Fun Wheel) is a 150-foot-tall (46 m) eccentric wheel at Disney California Adventure, at the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim, California. The attraction opened to the public on February 8, 2001 at Paradise Pier as the Sun Wheel. Inspired by Wonder Wheel at Deno's Wonder Wheel Amusement Park, Coney Island, which also features both sliding and fixed gondolas, Pixar Pal-A-Round has a large pie-eyed Mickey Mouse face at its center.From 2001 to 2008, the attraction featured a sun face on the front along with a yellow color scheme. In 2008, the attraction was rethemed as the Mickey's Fun Wheel, which opened on May 4, 2009. The sun was replaced with a Mickey Mouse face, and images of Mickey, Goofy, Donald Duck, and Minnie Mouse were added to the gondolas. On November 2, 2017, Disney announced that the ride would be renovated, which would include Pixar characters on the gondolas, but with Mickey's face remaining on the side. On June 23, 2018, the attraction reopened as the Pixar Pal-A-Round.
<Alexandre_Koyré>	Alexandre Koyré (/kwɑːˈreɪ/, French: [kwaʁe]; born Alexandr Vladimirovich (or Volfovich) Koyra (Russian: Александр Владимирович (Вольфович) Койра); 29 August 1892 – 28 April 1964), also anglicized as Alexander Koyre, was a French philosopher of Russian origin who wrote on the history and philosophy of science.Koyré was born in the city of Taganrog, Russia on 29 August 1892 into a Jewish family. His original name was Alexandr Vladimirovich (or Volfovich) Koyra (Russian: Александр Владимирович (Вольфович) Койра). In Imperial Russia he studied in Tiflis, Rostov-on-Don and Odessa, before pursuing his studies abroad.At Göttingen, Germany (1908–1911) he studied under Edmund Husserl and David Hilbert. Husserl did not approve of Koyré's dissertation, whereupon Koyré left for Paris, to study at the Collège de France and the Sorbonne during the period 1912–1913 under Bergson, Brunschvicg, Lalande, Delbos and Picavet. Following Husserl's Cartesian Meditations, a series of lectures given in Paris in February 1929 (and one of the more important of Husserl's later works), Koyré met again with Husserl repeatedly.
<The_Year_of_Magical_Thinking>	The Year of Magical Thinking (2005), by Joan Didion (1934–2021), is an account of the year following the death of the author's husband John Gregory Dunne (1932–2003). Published by Knopf in October 2005, The Year of Magical Thinking was immediately acclaimed as a classic book about mourning. It won the 2005 National Book Award for Nonfictionand was a finalist for both the National Book Critics Circle Award and the Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography.The book recounts Didion's experiences of grief after Dunne's 2003 death. Days before his death, their daughter Quintana Roo Dunne Michael was hospitalized in New York with pneumonia which developed into septic shock; she was still unconscious when her father died. During 2004 Quintana was again hospitalized after she fell and hit her head disembarking from a plane at LAX. She had returned to Malibu, her childhood home, after learning of her father's death. The book follows Didion's reliving and reanalysis of her husband's death throughout the year following it, in addition to caring for Quintana. With each replay of the event, the focus on certain emotional and physical aspects of the experience shifts. Didion also incorporates medical and psychological research on grief and illness into the book.
<Brad_R._Roth>	Brad Richard Roth is a professor of political science and law at Wayne State University in Detroit, Michigan.His research has focused on international law, political theory, and human rights. He received a B.A. from Swarthmore College, a J.D. from Harvard Law School, an LL.M. from Columbia Law School, and a PhD from the University of California at Berkeley. He has been described by James Gathii as a neoconservative realist in reference to Roth's book Governmental Illegitimacy in International Law.. This description has been rejected by Roth in his response to Gathii's review. Roth acknowledges that certain aspects of his book could be portrayed as conservative, "in the limited sense that it seeks to rationalize and bolster the conception of international legal order, premised on the twin principles of self-determination of peoples and non-intervention in international affairs..." Additionally, he grants the book is realist, "to the extent that it takes states (qua political communities entitled to self-government) seriously as units of the international system, and that it treats skeptically efforts to superimpose idealist blueprints on complex and unruly realities." Roth calls the use of the term neoconservative "especially troubling" as it implies an association with an American right-wing movement which "stands for propositions diametrically opposed to the book's central arguments."
<Laboratory_Life>	Laboratory Life: The Construction of Scientific Facts is a 1979 book by sociologists of science Bruno Latour and Steve Woolgar.This influential book in the field of science studies presents an anthropological study of Roger Guillemin's scientific laboratory at the Salk Institute. It advances a number of observations regarding how scientific work is conducted, including descriptions of the complex relationship between the routine lab practices performed by scientists, the publication of papers, scientific prestige, research finances and other elements of laboratory life.The book is considered to be one of the most influential works in the laboratory studies tradition within Science and Technology Studies. It is inspired by but not entirely dependent on the ethnomethodological approach.  In turn, it served as the inspiration for Actor–network theory (or ANT); many of ANT's core concepts (like transcription, inscription, translation, and the deployment of networks) are present in Laboratory Life.
<Square_Enix_Montreal>	Square Enix Montréal was a Canadian video game developer based in Montreal. It created the Go series of turn-based puzzle games for mobile devices based on former Eidos Interactive intellectual properties.Square Enix Montréal was founded in November 2011 as a traditional studio under Square Enix Europe. Initially planning to create a new Hitman series game for consoles and employ several hundred people, its mandate changed in 2013 when it became its parent company's choice studio to produce mobile games. The company developed prototypes for two mobile Hitman games, which became the board game-inspired puzzle game Hitman Go (2014) and the shooter Hitman: Sniper (2015). The commercial success of the latter and the critical success of the former led to two additional titles in the Go series: Lara Croft Go (2015), based on the Tomb Raider series, and Deus Ex Go (2016), based on the Deus Ex series. It later added a London-based studio, Square Enix London Mobile.
<The_Tic_Code>	The Tic Code (also known as Lessons in the Tic Code) is a drama film directed by Gary Winick and written by Polly Draper. It tells of a single mother, the relationship she forms with a jazz musician who has Tourette syndrome, and her young son—a piano prodigy—also with the disorder. The musician and the boy form a friendship, and the film is loosely based upon the experiences of Draper's jazz musician husband Michael Wolff, who provided the film's score. Draper, known for her role in Thirtysomething, portrays the mother; Gregory Hines plays the musician; and Christopher George Marquette stars as the young boy.Principal photography took place in 1997 in New York City. The Tic Code appeared at several film festivals in 1998 and 1999, where it won a number of awards. It received a limited theatrical release in the United States on August 4, 2000, and a DVD release in February 2001. Critical response to the film was generally favorable.The film tells the story of a young boy, Miles Caraday (Marquette), a jazz piano prodigy who has Tourette syndrome, and his divorced mother Laura Caraday (Draper). Miles has a school friend, Todd (Desmond Robertson) who seems not to be bothered by Miles' condition. Miles wants to become a jazz pianist against the wishes of his classical-oriented instructor Miss Gimpole (Carol Kane). At a local nightspot, Miles becomes friends with a jazz saxophonist, Tyrone Pike (Hines), who also has Tourette's but learned ways to cover up his condition.
<Georg_Stanford_Brown>	Georg Stanford Brown (born June 24, 1943) is an American actor and director, perhaps best known as one of the stars of the ABC police television series The Rookies from 1972 to 1976. On the show, Brown played the character of Officer Terry Webster.Brown was seven years old when his family moved from Havana to Harlem, NY. At 15, he formed the singing group 'The Parthenons', which had a single TV appearance shortly before breaking up. Brown quit high school at 16, after being invited to do so by a few frustrated teachers. He left New York to move to Los Angeles at 17. After a few years of not being sure what he wanted to do, he decided to go back to school. He passed the college entrance exam and was admitted to Los Angeles City College where he majored in Theater Arts to "take something easy". He ended up really enjoying it and returned to New York to attend the American Musical and Dramatic Academy. He worked as a school janitor to pay his tuition.He met his wife Tyne Daly while at AMDA, where they both studied under Philip Burton, Richard Burton's mentor. They were married for 24 years, from 1966 to 1990. They have three daughters.Brown says he feels acting is just something he "fell into". Six months out of school, he appeared in Joseph Papp's New York Shakespeare Festival (now called Shakespeare in the Park), and next in The Comedians with Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor. His work then took him to Africa for four and a half months, Paris, then Southern France. And a chance meeting with Alex Haley who was on his way to Africa to work on a story he was writing (which turned out to be Roots).
<Frederick_D._Gregory>	Frederick Drew Gregory (born January 7, 1941) is a former United States Air Force pilot, military engineer, test pilot, and NASA astronaut as well as former NASA Deputy Administrator. He also served briefly as NASA Acting Administrator in early 2005, covering the period between the departure of Sean O'Keefe and the swearing in of Michael D. Griffin.Frederick Gregory was born on January 7, 1941, in Washington, D.C.  His father was Francis A. Gregory, an educator who was assistant superintendent for D.C. Public Schools as well as the first Black president of the D.C. Public Library Board of Trustees. His father was given the honors of having the Francis A. Gregory Neighborhood Library named after him. His mother was Nora Drew Gregory, a lifelong educator as well as public library advocate. She was also the sister of noted African-American physician, surgeon and researcher Dr. Charles Drew, who developed improved techniques for blood storage, and applied his expert knowledge in developing large-scale blood banks early in World War II, saving thousands of Allied lives. Gregory's great-grandfather was educator James Monroe Gregory. His family lore suggests he has an ancestor from Madagascar.
<St_David's_Cathedral>	St Davids Cathedral (Welsh: Eglwys Gadeiriol Tyddewi) is situated in St Davids, Britain's smallest city, in the county of Pembrokeshire, near the most westerly point of Wales.The monastic community was founded by Saint David, Abbot of Menevia, who died in 589. Between 645 and 1097, the community was attacked many times by raiders, including the Vikings; however it was of such note as both a religious and an intellectual centre that King Alfred summoned help from the monastic community at St Davids in rebuilding the intellectual life of the Kingdom of Wessex. Many of the bishops were murdered by raiders and marauders, including Bishop Moregenau in 999 and Bishop Abraham in 1080. The stone that marked his grave, known as the "Abraham Stone", is intricately carved with early Celtic symbols and is now on permanent display within the Cathedral Exhibition at Porth-y-Tŵr.
<Banca_del_Mezzogiorno_–_MedioCredito_Centrale>	Banca del Mezzogiorno – MedioCredito Centrale S.p.A. (BdM-MCC) is an Italian bank based in Rome, Lazio region. The bank is entirely controlled by Invitalia S.p.A., which in turn is owned by the Ministry of Economy. The bank was specialized in medium-term loan to companies, which developed into corporate and investment banking, and currently specialized in public sector, such as one of the manager of Fondo di Garanzia per le Piccole e Medie Imprese (a guarantee fund for SMEs) of the Ministry of Economic Development, and European Union's Joint European Resources for Micro to Medium Enterprises Calabria Fund. The bank lend medium-term loan from the fund to SMEs for Italian government and the European Union.Istituto Centrale per il Credito a Medio Termine a Favore delle Medie e Piccole Industrie was found in 1952 as a statutory corporation (Italian: ente di diritto pubblico). Due to Legge Amato, On 11 March 1994 the bank became MedioCredito Centrale - Istituto Centrale  per il Credito a Medio Termine S.p.A. (a limited company, società per azioni).The bank subscribed the capital increase of Banco di Sicilia in 1997.
<Michael_Dummett>	Sir Michael Anthony Eardley Dummett FBA (27 June 1925 – 27 December 2011) was an English academic described as "among the most significant British philosophers of the last century and a leading campaigner for racial tolerance and equality." He was, until 1992, Wykeham Professor of Logic at the University of Oxford. He wrote on the history of analytic philosophy, notably as an interpreter of Frege, and made original contributions particularly in the philosophies of mathematics, logic, language and metaphysics. He was known for his work on truth and meaning and their implications to debates between realism and anti-realism, a term he helped to popularize. He devised the Quota Borda system of proportional voting, based on the Borda count. In mathematical logic, he developed an intermediate logic, already studied by Kurt Gödel: the Gödel–Dummett logic.Born 27 June 1925, Dummett was the son of George Herbert Dummett (1880–1970), a silk merchant, and Mabel Iris née Eardley-Wilmot (1893–1980). He studied at Sandroyd School in Wiltshire, at Winchester College as a scholar, and at Christ Church, Oxford, which awarded him a major scholarship in 1943. He was called up for military service that year and served until 1947, first as a private in the Royal Artillery, then in the Intelligence Corps in India and Malaya. In 1950 he graduated with a first in Politics, Philosophy and Economics from Oxford and was elected a Prize Fellow of All Souls College, Oxford.
<Corn_flakes>	Corn flakes, or cornflakes, are a breakfast cereal made from toasting flakes of corn (maize). The cereal, originally made with wheat, was created by Will Kellogg in 1894 for patients at the Battle Creek Sanitarium where he worked with his brother John Kellogg who was the superintendent. The breakfast cereal proved popular among the patients and Kellogg subsequently started what became the Kellogg Company to produce corn flakes for the wider public. A patent for the process was granted in 1896, after a legal battle between the two brothers.With corn flakes becoming popular in the wider community, a previous patient at the sanitarium, C. W. Post, started to make rival products. Kellogg continued to experiment with various ingredients and different grains. In 1928, he started to manufacture Rice Krispies, another successful breakfast cereal.
<Melancholia_(2011_film)>	Melancholia is a 2011 apocalyptic drama art film written and directed by Lars von Trier and starring Kirsten Dunst, Charlotte Gainsbourg, and Kiefer Sutherland, with Alexander Skarsgård, Brady Corbet, Cameron Spurr, Charlotte Rampling, Jesper Christensen, John Hurt, Stellan Skarsgård, and Udo Kier in supporting roles. The film's story revolves around two sisters, one of whom marries just before a rogue planet is about to collide with Earth. Melancholia is the second film in von Trier's unofficially titled Depression Trilogy. It was preceded in 2009 by Antichrist and followed by Nymphomaniac in 2013.On 18 May 2011, Melancholia premiered at the 64th Cannes Film Festival, where it was received with critical acclaim and Dunst received the festival's Best Actress Award for her performance, which was a common area of praise among critics. Although it has detractors, many critics and film scholars have considered the film to be a personal masterpiece; claiming that the film considered to be the best of the trilogy and one of the von Trier's best works. Along with von Trier's previous film Dogville (2003), it was later included in the 2016 poll of the greatest films since 2000 conducted by BBC.
<Sławomir_Nowak>	Sławomir Ryszard Nowak (born 11 December 1974 in Gdańsk) is a Polish politician and a state official in Ukraine. He was elected to the Sejm on 25 September 2005, getting 9,061 votes in 25 Gdańsk district as a candidate from the Civic Platform list.He was also a member of Sejm 2001-2005.Nowak served as head of the electoral staff of a candidate for President of Poland, Bronisław Komorowski, during the 2010 presidential election.
<Almeda_Abazi>	Almeda Abazi Sayişman (born 13 February 1992) is an Albanian actress, model, beauty queen who was crowned Miss Tirana 2007, Miss Albania 2008, and Miss Globe 2008.Almeda Abazi was born on 13 February 1992 in Albania. In the three beauty contests she participated, she was chosen as the queen and won the Miss Tiran, Miss Albania and Miss Globe Universe in 2008. She completed her high school education at Tarhan Private College in Istanbul. She studied in the acting department of the Bil Sanat Academy of Istanbul Aydın University. Almeda Abazi settled in Turkey and decided to continue her professional life in Turkey. She has appeared in the films called Konak, Show Business and also in the TRT series called Ayrılık. She also joined Yok Böyle Dans (Turkish version of the Dancing with the Stars) in 2011 and Survivor Ünlüler-Gönüllüler (Survivor celebrities-volunteers). She played in Muhteşem Yüzyıl as Valeria. She appeared in Para Bende with Murat Ceylan as presenter on TV8 and joined the Survivor All Star contest again in 2015.Abazi married Turkish actor Tolgahan Sayışman on 14 February 2017 in Los Angeles.
<Jaguar_XK_(X100)>	The Jaguar XK8 (project code X100) is a grand tourer launched by Jaguar Cars in 1996, and was the first generation of a new XK series. The XK8 was available in two-door coupé or two-door convertible body styles with the new 4.0-litre Jaguar AJ-V8 engine. In 1998, the XKR was introduced with a supercharged version of the engine. In 2003, the engines were replaced by the new 4.2-litre AJ34 engines in both the naturally aspirated and supercharged variations. The first-generation of the XK series shares its XJS-derived platform with the Aston Martin DB7, with both cars tracing their history back to an abandoned Jaguar development study in the mid-1980s known as XJ41/XJ42, which had been mooted to be known as the F-Type.One of the revisions is the use of the second generation of Jaguar's independent rear suspension unit, taken from the Jaguar XJ (XJ40). Development began in 1992, with design work starting earlier in late 1991. By October 1992 a design was chosen and later frozen for production in 1993. Prototypes were built from December 1993 after the X100 was given formal approval and design patents were filed in June 1994. Development concluded in 1996, with the car being unveiled in March of that year and going on sale from October 1996.
<Funsho_Adeolu>	Funsho Adeolu (listen) (born 9 May 1968) is a Nigerian actor, film director and film producer.Adeolu was born on 9 May 1968 in Ondo State, southwestern Nigeria.Funsho went to Baptist Academy. He has consistently been credited for Countdown at Kusini, a movie that featured his namesake, the late Oba Funsho Adeolu, the Alaaye of Ode Remo (who played Chief Eleyinmi in the old Nigerian Sitcom "The Village Headmaster"). Ibidun Allison was the other Nigerian actor in Countdown at Kusini (Amebo of "The Village Headmaster"). He featured in Heroes and Zeroes, a 2012 Nigerian drama film.
<Fábio_Paím>	Fábio Miguel Malheiro Paím (born 15 February 1988) is a Portuguese  professional footballer who played as a winger.After starting out at Sporting CP, he went on to play for a host of clubs in a variety of countries, without settling anywhere.
<Sarney_Filho>	José Sarney Filho, better known as Zequinha Sarney (born 14 June 1957), is a Brazilian lawyer and politician, current Secretary of Environment of the Brazilian Federal District. He is son of the former senator and former president of Brazil José Sarney and brother of Roseana Sarney and Fernando Sarney. On 12 May 2016, Sarney was appointed by Michel Temer, Minister of Environment.Born into a family closely linked to politics, José Sarney Filho is the son of José Sarney and Marly Sarney. His father was the fifth senator and was president of the Republic between 1985 and 1990. He is also the brother of the former governor of Maranhão, Roseana Sarney, and the businessman Fernando Sarney.
<Jeff_Hughes_(footballer)>	Jeffrey Edward Hughes (born 29 May 1985) is a Northern Irish footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for NIFL Premiership side Larne. He has also played internationally for Northern Ireland, making his debut during their 2006 summer tour of the United States.Hughes played for the Ballymena United academy, before transferring to the academy at hometown club Larne. He went on to make his Irish League debut for The Harbour Rats, before moving to The Football League in England to join Lincoln City in League Two.
<Andrej_Babiš>	Andrej Babiš (Czech pronunciation: [ˈandrɛj ˈbabɪʃ]; born 2 September 1954) is a Czech politician and businessman of Slovak descent who served as the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic from 2017 to 2021. Babis previously served as the Minister of Finance and deputy Prime Minister from 2014 to 2017 in Bohuslav Sobotka's Cabinet. He has been the founding leader of the political party ANO 2011 since 2012. On 30 October 2022, Babiš announced his candidacy in the 2023 Czech presidential election.During a lengthy business career, he became one of the richest people in the Czech Republic, with an estimated net worth of about $4.04 billion according to Bloomberg. He is the owner of the Agrofert holding company, one of the country's largest firms.Babiš was appointed Prime Minister on 6 December 2017, after ANO 2011 emerged as the largest party at the 2017 Czech legislative election. He was the oldest and wealthiest person ever to become Prime Minister of the Czech Republic, as well as the first from a different party than the Civic Democratic Party or ČSSD. Babiš is also the first Prime Minister born outside the Czech Republic, the first to hold dual citizenship, and the first whose native language is not Czech.
<Adibas>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Keno_Davis>	Keno Emlen Davis (born March 10, 1972) an American basketball coach who is the head coach for the Flint United. He was most recently the men's basketball head coach at Central Michigan University. Davis was previously head coach at Drake University for one season (2007–2008), where he was named the 2008 Associated Press College Basketball Coach of the Year, and at Providence College for three seasons (2008-2011). Davis also served as an assistant coach at Drake from 2003–2007 under his father Tom Davis prior to starting his coaching career.Davis served as an undergraduate assistant coach at the University of Iowa under his father from 1991–1995. After graduating, he served as an assistant coach at the University of Southern Indiana from 1995–1997 and at Southeast Missouri State University from 1997–2003. He rejoined his father as an assistant coach after the elder Davis was named head coach at Drake University in April 2003. When his father retired in 2007, Keno Davis became the team's head coach, and led the Bulldogs to a 28–5 record and a berth in the 2008 NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament. Following the season, Davis was named the College Basketball Coach of the Year by 6 organizations including the Associated Press and U.S. Basketball Writers Association. Davis left Drake University to join the Big East Conference as the head coach of Providence College in April 2008. After the 2010–2011 season Davis joined the Big Ten Network as an analyst for the 2011-2012 college basketball season.Davis was introduced by Central Michigan University as the Chippewas’ 20th head men's basketball coach on April 3, 2012. Just four players would be on CMU's roster from the previous season (all of which would be reserves for Davis). One of the youngest teams in the country, the Chippewas found a way to win in double figures each season though only acquiring a 21-41 overall record.
<Ghana_national_football_team>	The Ghana national football team represents Ghana in men's international football, doing it since 1957. The team consists of twenty players including the technical team. The team is nicknamed the Black Stars after the Black Star of Africa in the flag of Ghana. It is governed by the Ghana Football Association (GFA) the governing body for football in Ghana and the oldest football association in Africa (founded in 1920). Prior to 1957, the team played as the Gold Coast. The team is a member of both FIFA and CAF.Ghana qualified for the FIFA World Cup for the first time in 2006. The team has won the Africa Cup of Nations four times (1963, 1965, 1978, and 1982), while finishing as runners-up five times (1968, 1970, 1992, 2010, and 2015). After going through 2005 unbeaten, the Ghana national football team won the FIFA Best Mover of the Year Award and reached the second round of the 2006 FIFA World Cup. At the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa, they became only the third African team to reach the World Cup quarter-finals, and in 2014 they competed in their third consecutive World Cup.
<Amy_Chua>	Amy Lynn Chua (born October 26, 1962), also known as "the Tiger Mom", is an American lawyer, legal scholar, and writer. She is the John M. Duff Jr. Professor of Law at Yale Law School with an expertise in international business transactions, law and development, ethnic conflict, and globalization. She joined the Yale faculty in 2001 after teaching at Duke Law School for seven years. Prior to teaching, she was a corporate law associate at Cleary, Gottlieb, Steen & Hamilton. Chua is also known for her parenting memoir Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother. In 2011, she was named one of Time magazine's 100 most influential people, one of The Atlantic's Brave Thinkers, and one of Foreign Policy's Global Thinkers.Chua was born in Champaign, Illinois, to ethnic Chinese-Filipino parents with Hoklo ancestry who emigrated from the Philippines. Her parents raised her speaking Hokkien. Her father, Leon O. Chua, is a professor of electrical engineering and computer science at the University of California, Berkeley. His ancestral hometown is Quanzhou, Fujian.Chua's mother was born in China in 1936, before moving to the Philippines at the age of two. She subsequently converted to Catholicism in high school and graduated from the University of Santo Tomas, with a degree in chemical engineering,  summa cum laude.
<Jawaharlal_Nehru_Centre_for_Advanced_Scientific_Research>	The Jawaharlal Nehru Centre for Advanced Scientific Research (JNCASR) is a multidisciplinary research institute located at Jakkur, Bangalore, India. It was established by the Department of Science and Technology of the Government of India, to mark the birth centenary of Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru, the first prime minister of independent India. It is considered among one of the most prestigious research institutes in India. In 2019, JNCASR was ranked #7 among the world's top ten research institutes by Nature journal in a normalised ranking of small research institutes with high quality output.Researchers at the centre are divided into seven units: Chemistry and Physics of Materials, Engineering Mechanics, Evolutionary and Organismal Biology, Molecular biology and Genetics, New Chemistry, Theoretical Sciences, Education Technology and Geodynamics. There are two off-campus units: Chemical Biology and Condensed Matter Theory. JNCASR has a faculty-to-student ratio of about 1:4 and state-of-the-art experimental, computational and infrastructural facilities. It offers Ph.D. programmes, as well as an Integrated Ph.D. (post-bachelor's degree) programme in Materials Science. The small size of the institute (currently about 53 faculty members and ~300 students)  fosters interdisciplinary collaborations. It is a "deemed university", i.e., it awards its own degrees. Apart from training its own students through a wide spectrum of courses, the centre's Summer Research Fellowship programme hosts some of the brightest undergraduates in the country; the Educational Technology Unit produces teaching aids and educational material, the centre   organises and teaches short-term courses at universities across India, and trains promising young chemists and biologists as part of the programmes of Project-Oriented-Chemical-Education (POCE) and Project-Oriented-Biological-Education (POBE). 
<Richard_Broinowski>	Richard Philip Broinowski (born 8 May 1940) is a former Australian public servant and diplomat. He worked in Mexico, Korea, Vietnam, Japan, the Philippines, Iran and Burma, including as Ambassador to Mexico, Ambassador to Vietnam, and Ambassador to South Korea.Born in Melbourne, Victoria in May 1940, Broinowski was the grandson of Robert Broinowski, a public servant and author about whom the younger wrote a biography: A Witness to History (published 2001)., and a great grandson of Gracius Broinowski, an artist and ornithologist.
<Michael_J._Sailor>	Michael J. Sailor is a nanotechnology researcher and professor at the University of California, San Diego. Sailor is best known for his research on porous silicon, a nanostructured material that is prepared by electrochemical corrosion of crystalline silicon wafers.He pioneered the development of label-free biosensors from thin optical films of porous silicon. He prepared the first microparticles and nanoparticles of porous silicon, and harnessed the intrinsic photoluminescence of these formulations for in vitro and in vivo imaging applications. He was the first to demonstrate time-gated luminescence imaging with these nanoparticles, important because time-gating suppresses tissue autofluorescence that often compromises the fidelity of fluorescence images of biological tissues.  He also adapted the concept of "Smart Dust" to the field of nanotechnology: the idea that microscopic particles can be manufactured with optical, chemical, and mechanical properties that can perform sensing, signaling, and motive functions.Sailor has received the following awards and honors:
<Lawrence_P._Williams>	Lawrence P. Williams (10 August 1905 — 8 October 1996) was a British motion picture art director. He was born inSlough, Buckinghamshire (now Berkshire).
<Ronald_Perelman>	Ronald Owen Perelman (/ˈpɛrəlmən/; born January 1, 1943) is an American banker, businessman and investor. MacAndrews & Forbes Incorporated, his company, has invested in companies with interests in groceries, cigars, licorice, makeup, cars, photography, television, camping supplies, security, gaming, jewelry, banks, and comic book publishing. Perelman holds significant shares in companies such as Deluxe Entertainment, Revlon, SIGA Technologies, RetailMeNot, Merisant, Scantron, Scientific Games Corporation, Valassis, vTv Therapeutics and Harland Clarke. He previously owned a majority of shares in AM General, but in 2020 sold the majority of his shares in AM General along with significant works of art, in light of the impact of the economy on the high debt burdens many of his companies have from leveraged buyouts. In early 2020, Revlon, acquired by Perelman in the 1980s, undertook a debt deal.Previously worth $19.8 billion in 2018, Perelman is, as of September 2020, worth $4.3 billion.Perelman was born in Greensboro, North Carolina, on January 1, 1943, the son of Ruth (née Caplan) and Raymond G. Perelman. He was raised in a Jewish family in Elkins Park, Pennsylvania, and is the grandson of Litvak immigrants. With family members he managed the American Paper Products Corporation. Raymond eventually left the company and bought Belmont Iron Works, a manufacturer of structural steel.
<Noriyasu_Agematsu>	Noriyasu Agematsu (上松 範康, Agematsu Noriyasu, born March 1, 1978 in Nagano) is a Japanese composer, arranger and music producer, as well as founding member of the musical group Elements Garden.He composed and arranged tracks on Nana Mizuki's singles Massive Wonders and Eternal Blaze, "Brave Phoenix" on the single Super Generation and the track "Tears' Night" on the album Alive & Kicking, composed the track Shin'ai and the music for "UNCHAIN∞WORLD" on the single Silent Bible. He composed and arranged the music for the track "Heart-shaped chant" on the single Secret Ambition and the track Justice to Believe. He composed the music for the track Mugen and the tracks "Trickster" and "DISCOTHEQUE" from the single Trickster. Along with his fellow Elements Garden members, he is the composer and arranger for the BanG Dream! franchise, including overseeing music production for its anime.
<Godfather-in-law>	Godfather-in-law is a documentary book written by Rakhat Aliyev, former son-in-law of the President of Kazakhstan Nursultan Nazarbayev. In his book, Aliyev gives a deep insight into the corrupt, criminal activities of the autocratic system in Kazakhstan, including secrets and the system of governance of Nursultan Nazarbayev. The book Godfather-in-law was published in German and English languages. There is a criminal liability in Kazakhstan for distributing and using the book.
<Arsenal_F.C.>	Arsenal Football Club, commonly referred to as Arsenal, is a professional football club based in Islington, London, England. Arsenal plays in the Premier League, the top flight of English football. The club has won 13 league titles (including one unbeaten title), a record 14 FA Cups, two League Cups, 16 FA Community Shields, one European Cup Winners' Cup, and one Inter-Cities Fairs Cup. In terms of trophies won, it is the third-most successful club in English football.Arsenal was the first club from the South of England to join the Football League in 1893, and they reached the First Division in 1904. Relegated only once, in 1913, they continue the longest streak in the top division, and have won the second-most top-flight matches in English football history. In the 1930s, Arsenal won five League Championships and two FA Cups, and another FA Cup and two Championships after the war. In 1970–71, they won their first League and FA Cup Double. Between 1989 and 2005, they won five League titles and five FA Cups, including two more Doubles. They completed the 20th century with the highest average league position. Between 1998 and 2017, Arsenal qualified for the UEFA Champions League for 19 straight seasons.
<Aaron_Spelling>	Aaron Spelling (April 22, 1923 –  June 23, 2006) was an American film and television producer and occasional actor. His productions included the TV series Family (1976–1980), Charlie's Angels (1976–1981), The Love Boat (1977–1986), Hart to Hart (1979–1984), Dynasty (1981–1989), Beverly Hills, 90210 (1990–2000), Melrose Place (1992–1999), 7th Heaven (1996–2007), and Charmed (1998–2006). He also served as producer of The Mod Squad (1968–1973), The Rookies (1972–1976), and Sunset Beach (1997–1999).Through his production company Spelling Television, Spelling holds the record as the most prolific television producer in US television history, with 218 producer and executive producer credits. Forbes ranked him the 11th top-earning deceased celebrity in 2009.
<Jean_Pepermans>	Jean Pepermans, sometimes Latinized Joannes Pepermannus (active 1620–1635) was a 17th-century printer and bookseller, official printer to the city of Brussels. Very little is known about his life, but he published works by or about some of the leading figures at the Brussels court.In 1634 he was paid £150 for printing a memorial to the Infanta Isabella Clara Eugenia, Mausolee erigé à la memoire d'Isabelle-Claire-Eugenie by Jean Puget de la Serre.
<Bells_Are_Ringing_(musical)>	Bells Are Ringing is a musical with a book and lyrics by Betty Comden and Adolph Green and music by Jule Styne. The story revolves around Ella, who works at an answering service, and the characters that she meets there. The main character was based on Mary Printz, who worked for Green's answering service. Three of the show's tunes, "Long Before I Knew You", "Just in Time", and "The Party's Over", became standards.Judy Holliday reprised her Broadway starring role in the 1960 film of the same name, also starring Dean Martin.The original Broadway production, directed by Jerome Robbins and choreographed by Robbins and Bob Fosse, opened on November 29, 1956 at the Shubert Theatre, where it ran for slightly more than two years before transferring to the Alvin Theatre, for a total run of 924 performances. It starred Judy Holliday as Ella and Sydney Chaplin as Jeff Moss. It also featured Jean Stapleton as Sue Summers, Eddie Lawrence as Sandor, George S. Irving, Jack Weston, Peter Gennaro, and Donna Sanders. Scenic and Costume design was by Raoul Pène Du Bois and the lighting design was by Peggy Clark. During her vacation, Holliday was replaced briefly by Betty Garrett. The original cast album was released by Columbia Records. In the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film adaptation of the same name, Holliday reprised her role as Ella with Dean Martin as Jeff.
<Crédit_Agricole_Italia>	Crédit Agricole Italia S.p.A., formerly Crédit Agricole Cariparma S.p.A., is an Italian banking group, a subsidiary of French banking group Crédit Agricole. Crédit Agricole Italia was ranked as the 11th largest bank in Italy by total assets at 31 December 2015. The group serving Emilia-Romagna, Liguria and Friuli-Venezia Giulia, where the predecessors originated, as well as Campania, Lazio, Lombardy, Piedmont, Tuscany, Umbria and Veneto, or half of Italian regions.The company was formerly known as Cassa di Risparmio di Parma e Piacenza and Cassa di Risparmio di Parma, or Cariparma in short; The banking group was formerly known as Gruppo Cariparma Crédit Agricole (Cariparma and subsidiaries Carispezia and FriulAdria). Since 2016, to eliminate the use of the three brands of the group: Cariparma, Carispezia and FriulAdria, the brand Crédit Agricole Italia was introduced. A common website www.credit-agricole.it was introduced in 2016.Despite not a Crédit Agricole Italia subsidiary but sister company within Crédit Agricole Group, Crédit Agricole Vita places its products through Crédit Agricole Italia banking network; Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, operated as a separate entity in Italy as a foreign company; another entity of Crédit Agricole Group (a joint venture), FCA Bank, has also signed a collaboration agreement with Crédit Agricole Italia.
<Dharamvir_Bharati>	Dharamvir Bharati (25 December 1926 – 4 September 1997) was a renowned Hindi poet, author, playwright and a social thinker of India. He was the chief editor of the popular Hindi weekly magazine Dharmayug, from 1960 till 1987.Bharati was awarded the Padma Shree for literature in 1972 by the Government of India. His novel Gunaho Ka Devta became a classic. Bharati's Suraj ka Satwan Ghoda is considered a unique experiment in story-telling and was made into a National Film Award-winning movie by the same name in 1992 by Shyam Benegal. Andha Yug, a play set immediately after the Mahabharata war, is a classic that is frequently performed in public by drama groups[3].
<Eveline_Herfkens>	Eva Leonie "Eveline" Herfkens (Dutch pronunciation: [eːvaː leːjoːni eːvəlinə ˈɦɛr(ə)fkə(n)s]; born 9 January 1952) is a retired Dutch politician and diplomat of the Labour Party (PvdA) and activist.Eva Leonie Herfkens was born on 9 January 1952 in The Hague in the Netherlands.
<Lille>	Lille (/ˈliːl/ LEEL, French: [lil] (listen); Dutch: Rijsel [ˈrɛisəl]; Picard: Lile; West Flemish: Rysel) is a city in the northern part of France, in French Flanders. On the river Deûle, near France's border with Belgium, it is the capital of the Hauts-de-France region, the prefecture of the Nord department, and the main city of the European Metropolis of Lille.The city of Lille proper had a population of 234,475 in 2019 within its small municipal territory of 35 km2 (14 sq mi), but together with its French suburbs and exurbs the Lille metropolitan area (French part only), which extends over 1,666 km2 (643 sq mi), had a population of 1,510,079 that same year (Jan. 2019 census), the fourth most populated in France after Paris, Lyon, and Marseille. The city of Lille and 94 suburban French municipalities have formed since 2015 the European Metropolis of Lille, an indirectly elected metropolitan authority now in charge of wider metropolitan issues, with a population of 1,179,050 at the Jan. 2019 census.
<Incheon>	Incheon (Korean: 인천; Hanja: 仁川; Korean pronunciation: [intɕʰʌ̹n]; or Inch'ŏn; literally "kind river"), formerly Jemulpo or Chemulp'o (제물포) until the period after 1910, officially the Incheon Metropolitan City (인천광역시, 仁川廣域市), is a city located in northwestern South Korea, bordering Seoul and Gyeonggi to the east. Inhabited since the Neolithic, Incheon was home to just 4,700 people when it became an international port in 1883. Today, about 3 million people live in the city, making it South Korea's third-most-populous city after Seoul and Busan.[citation needed]The city's growth has been assured in modern times with the development of its port due to its natural advantages as a coastal city and its proximity to the South Korean capital. It is part of the Seoul Capital Area, along with Seoul itself and Gyeonggi Province, forming the world's fourth-largest metropolitan area by population.
<Michael_Freedman>	Michael Hartley Freedman (born April 21, 1951) is an American mathematician, at Microsoft Station Q, a research group at the University of California, Santa Barbara. In 1986, he was awarded a Fields Medal for his work on the 4-dimensional generalized Poincaré conjecture. Freedman and Robion Kirby showed that an exotic ℝ4 manifold exists.Freedman was born in Los Angeles, California, in the United States. His father, Benedict Freedman, was an American Jewish aeronautical engineer, musician, writer, and mathematician. His mother, Nancy Mars Freedman, performed as an actress and also trained as an artist. His parents cowrote a series of novels together.  He entered the University of California, Berkeley, but dropped out after two semesters. In the same year he wrote a letter to Ralph Fox, a Princeton professor at the time, and was admitted to graduate school so in 1968 he continued his studies at Princeton University where he received Ph.D. degree in 1973 for his doctoral dissertation titled Codimension-Two Surgery, written under the supervision of William Browder. After graduating, Freedman returned to Berkeley, where he was a lecturer in the department of mathematics until 1975.  He left Berkeley to become a member of the Institute for Advanced Study (IAS) in Princeton. In 1976 he was appointed assistant professor in the department of mathematics at the University of California, San Diego. He spent the year 1980/81 at IAS, returning to UCSD, where in 1982 he was promoted to professor. He was appointed the Charles Lee Powell chair of mathematics at UCSD in 1985.
<Ukraine_national_under-19_football_team>	The Ukraine national under-19 football team (Ukrainian: Юнацька збірна України з футболу (U-19)) also known as the Junior football team of Ukraine represents Ukraine in international football in the UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship and finals of the FIFA U-20 World Cup. It is formed by its head coach who is appointed and directed by the Ukrainian Association of Football, the governing body for football in Ukraine.Ukraine national under-19 football team is the second youth national football team in the country after the national under-21 football team. Previously it was known as Ukraine national under-18 football team before competitions shifted back in 1999. The team represents Ukraine at the continental championship for under-19 national teams (previously under-18). Most often a lot of its players formerly participated in continental and World competitions for national under-17 football teams. Upon a successful performance at the European championship for the under-19 teams it qualifies for the FIFA U-20 World Cup that is organized for teams of under-20.
<Juan_Manuel_Abal_Medina>	Juan Manuel Abal Medina (born March 1, 1945) is an Argentine journalist and politician who served as Secretary General of the Peronist Movement between 1972 and 1974. He later became a prominent lawyer in Mexico.Abal Medina was born to a wealthy family of a conservative Catholic orientation. He enrolled at the Colegio Nacional de Buenos Aires and became a supporter of Julio Meinvielle's Nationalist Restoration Guard. Abal Medina joined the editorial board of Azul y Blanco, a weekly news magazine in Buenos Aires, in 1966. Directed by Marcelo Sánchez Sorondo and Ricardo Curutchet, both scions of traditional Argentine upper-class families, the nationalist publication supported the Argentine military, which had taken power in a 1966 coup. Azul y Blanco opposed the government of General Juan Carlos Onganía, however, which its editors believed to be subordinating national interests to those of foreign investors. Abal Medina married the former Cristina Moldes in 1966, and they had five children.His younger brother, Fernando, worked in the periodical's circulation office, and in 1968, co-founded the Montoneros guerrilla organization, becoming its first leader. Fernando Abal Medina participated in the May 1970 abduction and subsequent murder of a former dictator, General Pedro Aramburu, and on September 4, was killed in a police raid in the Buenos Aires suburb of William Morris.
<Emery_Roth>	Emery Roth (Hungarian: Róth Imre, July 17, 1871 – August 20, 1948) was an American architect of Hungarian-Jewish descent who designed many of the definitive New York City hotels and apartment buildings of the 1920s and 1930s, incorporating Beaux-Arts and Art Deco details. His sons continued in the family enterprise, largely expanding the firm under the name Emery Roth & Sons.Born in Gálszécs, Austria-Hungary (now Sečovce, Slovakia) to a Jewish family, he emigrated to the United States at the age of 13 after his family fell into poverty upon his father's death. He began his architectural apprenticeship as a draftsman in the Chicago offices of Burnham & Root, working on the World's Columbian Exposition of 1893. At the Exposition Roth also designed one of his first solo projects; a pavilion that housed a chocolatier.
<Richard_Shelby>	Richard Craig Shelby (born May 6, 1934) is an American lawyer and politician serving as the senior United States senator from Alabama. First elected to the U.S. Senate in 1986 as a Democrat who later switched to the Republican Party in 1994, he chaired the Senate Appropriations Committee from 2018 to 2021. He previously chaired the Senate Intelligence Committee, the Senate Banking Committee, and the Senate Rules Committee. He is the longest-serving U.S. senator from Alabama, surpassing John Sparkman's record in March 2019.Born in Birmingham, Alabama, Shelby received his law degree from the Birmingham School of Law in 1961. He went on to serve as city prosecutor from 1963 to 1971. During this period he worked as a U.S. magistrate for the Northern District of Alabama (1966–1970) and Special Assistant Attorney General of Alabama (1969–1971). He won a seat in the Alabama Senate in 1970. In 1978, he was elected from the 7th district to the United States House of Representatives, where he was among a group of conservative Democrats known as the boll weevils.
<James_Joyce's_The_Dead>	James Joyce's The Dead is a Broadway musical by Richard Nelson and Shaun Davey based upon James Joyce's short story "The Dead".The musical was originally presented Off-Broadway at Playwrights Horizons, starting on October 1, 1999. The opening night cast included Blair Brown, Paddy Croft, Brian Davies, Daisy Eagan, Dashiell Eaves, Sally Ann Howes, John Kelly, Brooke Sunny Moriber, Marni Nixon, Alice Ripley, Emily Skinner, Stephen Spinella and Christopher Walken. Musical direction was by Charles Prince, with music co-ordination and percussion by Tom Partington. It transferred to the Belasco Theatre on Broadway on January 11, 2000, where it completed a run of 120 performances before closing on April 16, 2000.The musical ran at the Kennedy Center (Washington, D.C.), from October 14, 2000 to November 12, 2000, with Faith Prince and Stephen Bogardus as Greta and Gabriel Conroy. The musical had played an earlier engagement at the Ahmanson Theatre in Los Angeles from July 11, 2000 to September 3, 2000.
<Barbara_Amiel>	Barbara Joan Estelle Amiel, Baroness Black of Crossharbour, DSS (born 4 December 1940), is a British-Canadian conservative journalist, writer, and socialite. She is married to former media proprietor Conrad Black.Amiel was born into a Jewish family in Watford, Hertfordshire, England, the daughter of Vera Isserles (née Barnett) and Harold Joffre Amiel. A cousin was the oncologist, broadcaster and humorist Rob Buckman. Her father, originally a solicitor, became a Lieutenant Colonel serving in Italy during World War II, but was discharged because of injury. Her parents divorced when she was eight, after her father left her mother for another woman. Amiel attended North London Collegiate School in Edgware, Greater London, an independent girls' school.
<Lionel_Shapiro>	Lionel Shapiro (February 12, 1908 – May 27, 1958) was a Canadian journalist and novelist. A war correspondent for The Montreal Gazette, he landed at the Allied invasion of Sicily, Salerno and Juno Beach on D-Day with the Canadian forces.Shapiro was born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, on February 12, 1908 to Samuel and Fanny Shapiro. His 1955 romantic novel The Sixth of June was awarded the Governor General's Award for English-language fiction, and was subsequently adapted into the Hollywood film D-Day the Sixth of June. His other novels include The Sealed Verdict and Torch For A Dark Journey.  A McGill University Award is named after him for Creative Literature.He died in Montréal on May 27, 1958, aged fifty.
<Dannie_Heineman_Prize_for_Mathematical_Physics>	Dannie Heineman Prize for Mathematical Physics is an award given each year since 1959 jointly by the American Physical Society and American Institute of Physics. It is established by the Heineman Foundation in honour of Dannie Heineman. As of 2010, the prize consists of US$10,000 and a certificate citing the contributions made by the recipient plus travel expenses to attend the meeting at which the prize is bestowed.Source: American Physical Society
<Lila_(Robinson_novel)>	Lila is a novel written by Marilynne Robinson that was published in 2014. Her fourth novel, it is the third installment of the Gilead series, after Gilead and Home. The novel focuses on the courtship and marriage of Lila and John Ames, as well as the backstory of Lila's transient past and her complex attachments. It won the 2014 National Book Critics Circle Award.Lila has received widespread acclaim. In a review for The Atlantic Leslie Jamison praised the novel as "brilliant and deeply affecting." In another review, Sarah Churchwell wrote, "Lila... offers Robinson's characteristic delights: glorious prose, subtle wisdom and a darkly numinous atmosphere, lit at moments by a visionary wonder shading into exaltation."In Books and Culture, Linda Moore offers "a dissenting view", critiquing the Christianity that Robinson writes about as "gospel thin, exiguous, a story slight and wanting, and Flannery isn't here to say so."
<Charles_Murray_(political_scientist)>	Charles Alan Murray (/ˈmɜːri/; born 1943) is an American political scientist. He is the W.H. Brady Scholar at the American Enterprise Institute, a conservative think tank in Washington, DC.Murray's work is highly controversial. His book Losing Ground: American Social Policy, 1950–1980 (1984) discussed the American welfare system. He co-wrote the book The Bell Curve (1994), co-authored with Richard Herrnstein, in which the authors argue that in American society, in the course of the 20th century, intelligence became a better predictor than parental socioeconomic status or education level of many individual outcomes, including income, job performance, pregnancy out of wedlock, and crime, and that social welfare programs and education efforts to improve social outcomes for the disadvantaged are largely counterproductive. The Bell Curve also claimed that intelligence quotient (IQ) differences were largely genetic, including average IQ differences among different races and ethnicities.
<Church_of_the_Good_Shepherd_(New_York_City)>	Coordinates: 40°52′6″N 73°55′13″W﻿ / ﻿40.86833°N 73.92028°W﻿ / 40.86833; -73.92028The Church of the Good Shepherd, located at 4967 Broadway at the corner of Isham Street in the Inwood neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City, is a Roman Catholic parish church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York.  It was built in 1935-36 and was designed by Paul Monaghan in the Romanesque Revival style.  The Celtic cross at the top of the church is an indication that the parish was originally largely Irish-American; today there are more Dominican-Americans than Irish.The parish was established in 1911 on land purchased by the Paulist Fathers from the Isham Estate. It is currently staffed by the Capuchin Friars. At the time of its founding, Inwood was considered to be "the unofficial capital of the Irish diaspora", and the parish was largely made up of Irish-Americans. The parish's first church was built c.1912, to designs by Thomas H. Poole & Company, on a site just down Isham Street from the current church, surrounded by wooded countryside.
<Mark_Trail>	Mark Trail is a newspaper comic strip created by the American cartoonist Ed Dodd. Introduced April 15, 1946, the strip centers on environmental and ecological themes. As of 2020, King Features syndicated the strip to "nearly 150 newspapers and digital outlets worldwide."When Mark Trail began, it was syndicated through the New York Post in 1946 to 45 newspapers. Dodd, working as a national parks guide, had long been interested in environmental issues. The character is loosely based on the life and career of Charles N. Elliott (November 29, 1906 – May 1, 2000). At the time a U.S. forest ranger, Elliott would go on to edit Outdoor Life magazine from 1956 to 1974. Dodd once said that the physical model for Trail was John Wayt, his former neighbor in north Atlanta.Mark Trail, the main character, is a photojournalist and outdoor magazine writer whose assignments lead him into danger and adventure. His assignments inevitably lead him to discover environmental misdeeds, most often solved with a crushing right cross.
<Panathinaikos_F.C.>	Panathinaikos Football Club (Greek: ΠΑΕ Παναθηναϊκός Α.Ο. [panaθinaiˈkos] (listen)), known as Panathinaikos, or by its full name, and the name of its parent sports club, Panathinaikos A.O. or PAO (Παναθηναϊκός Αθλητικός Όμιλος; Panathinaïkós Athlitikós Ómilos, "All-Athenian Athletic Club"), is a Greek professional football club based in Athens, Greece.Created in 1908 as "Podosfairikos Omilos Athinon" (Football Club of Athens) by Georgios Kalafatis, they play in the Super League Greece, being one of the most successful clubs in Greek football and one of the three clubs which have never been relegated from the top division. Amongst their major titles are 20 Greek Championships, 19 Greek Cups, achieving eight times the Double, and 3 Greek Super Cups. They are also one of the two clubs that won a championship undefeated, going without a loss in a top-flight campaign in the 1963–64 season.
<Lonne_Elder_III>	Lonne Elder III (December 26, 1927 – June 11, 1996) was an American actor, playwright and screenwriter. Elder was one of the leading African American figures who informed the New York theater world with social and political consciousness. He also wrote scripts for television and film. His most well known play, Ceremonies in Dark Old Men won him a Drama Desk Award for Most Promising Playwright and was nominated for the Pulitzer Prize. The play, which was about a Harlem barber and his family, was produced by the Negro Ensemble Company in 1969.In 1973, Elder and Suzanne de Passe became the first African Americans to be nominated for the Academy Award in writing. Elder received the Best Adapted Screenplay nomination for the movie Sounder, starring Cicely Tyson, Paul Winfield, and Kevin Hooks and directed by Martin Ritt.Born in Americus, Georgia, to Lonne Elder II and Quincy Elder, Elder grew up in impoverished conditions during the Great Depression. As a small child, he was encouraged to read by his mother and storytelling often occupied his mind. In an interview with Liz Gant in Black World:
<Kannan_Soundararajan>	Kannan Soundararajan (born December 27, 1973)[citation needed] is an India-born American mathematician and a professor of mathematics at Stanford University. Before moving to Stanford in 2006, he was a faculty member at University of Michigan where he pursued his undergraduate studies. His main research interest is in analytic number theory, particularly in the subfields of automorphic L-functions, and multiplicative number theory.Soundararajan grew up in Madras and was a student at Padma Seshadri High School in Nungambakkam in Madras. In 1989, he attended the prestigious Research Science Institute. He represented India at the International Mathematical Olympiad in 1991 and won a Silver Medal.Soundararajan joined the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, in 1991 for undergraduate studies, and graduated with highest honours in 1995. Soundararajan won the inaugural Morgan Prize in 1995 for his work in analytic number theory while an undergraduate at the University of Michigan, where he later served as professor. He joined Princeton University in 1995 and did his Ph.D under the guidance of Professor Peter Sarnak.
<Polly_Draper>	Polly Carey Draper (born June 15, 1955) is an American actress, writer, producer, and director. Draper has received several awards, including a Writers Guild of America Award (WGA), and is noted for speaking in a "trademark throaty voice." She gained recognition for her starring role in the ABC drama television series Thirtysomething (1987–91).Draper co-starred in her screenwriting debut  The Tic Code (1998) and Off-Broadway in her playwriting Getting into Heaven (2003). In mid-2004, she wrote her directing debut The Naked Brothers Band: The Movie, and created and showran the Nickelodeon musical comedy series The Naked Brothers Band (2007–09), which won her a WGA for Children's Script: Long Form or Special. Draper also wrote, directed, and co-starred in the film Stella's Last Weekend (2018).Draper was born in Gary, Indiana, to Phyllis (née Culbertson), a Peace Corps administrator, and William Henry Draper III, who was the CEO of the United Nations Development Programme and president and chairman of the US Export-Import Bank. She has two siblings: venture capitalist Tim Draper and Rebecca Draper. Her grandfather is banker and diplomat William Henry Draper Jr.
<Tower_of_Babylon_(story)>	"Tower of Babylon" is a science fantasy novelette by American writer Ted Chiang, published in 1990. The story revisits the tower of Babel myth as a construction megaproject, in a setting where the principles of pre-scientific  cosmology (the geocentric model, celestial spheres, etc.) are literally true. It is Chiang's first published work.The story won the 1991 Nebula Award for Best Novelette, and was reprinted in Chiang's 2002 anthology, Stories of Your Life and Others.Hillalum is a miner from Elam who has been summoned to the Tower of Babylon, an enormous brick tower that has been in continuous construction for centuries. He and his colleagues have been hired to dig through the Vault of Heaven to discover Yahweh's creation. Hillalum alone passes safely through the Vault. After a perilous journey ever-upwards, he finds that he has reemerged back at the surface, some distance from the Tower, rather than in Heaven as expected.
<Riazuddin_(physicist)>	Riazuddin, also spelled as Riaz-Ud-Din (Urdu: رياض الدين;‎ 10 November 1930 – 9 September 2013), was a Pakistani theoretical physicist, specialising in high-energy physics and nuclear physics. Starting his scientific research in physics in 1958, Riazuddin was considered one of the early pioneers of Pakistan's nuclear weapons development and atomic deterrence development. He was the director of the Theoretical Physics Group (TPG) of the Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission (PAEC) from 1974 until 1984. Riazuddin was a pupil of the winner of the 1979 Nobel Prize in Physics, Abdus Salam.Riazuddin carried out his research at the International Centre for Theoretical Physics (ICTP), PAEC, the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN) and Daresbury Laboratory where he published papers in mathematics and physics. Riazuddin also played an important role in education in Pakistan, contributing to the rise of science in Pakistan. Riazuddin authored several scientific books on particle physics and quantum mechanics. Later in his life, he joined the National University of Sciences and Technology (NUST) as a visiting professor of theoretical physics.
<C.S._Marítimo_B>	Club Sport Marítimo B is a Portuguese football club that currently plays in the Campeonato de Portugal. They are the reserve team of Club Sport Marítimo. They play their home games at the Campo da Imaculada Conceição in the suburb of Santo António in Funchal, Madeira.Established in 1999, the squad is the reserve team for the first team, who compete in the top-tier and, as such, they are restricted from promotion to the Primeira Liga, the top-tier professional league, nor are they allowed to compete in the Cup of Portugal and League Cup either. Players from the first team can be dropped down to the B team though as has happened on many occasions, and vice versa.Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
<Lost_Planet>	Lost Planet is a video game series of third-person shooters published by Capcom. The series follows a number of protagonists on E.D.N III, a planet in the process of an ice age, as they survive and fight the environment, various alien creatures and those planning to colonize the planet.It consists of three main installments, Lost Planet: Extreme Condition (2006), Lost Planet 2 (2010)  and Lost Planet 3 (2013) and a spin-off titled E.X. Troopers (2012). While Capcom developed Lost Planet, Lost Planet 2 and E.X. Troopers internally, Spark Unlimited were hired as an external developer for Lost Planet 3.As of March 31, 2022, the game series has sold 6.4 million units worldwide.
<Leicester_City_F.C.>	Leicester City Football Club is an English professional football club based in Leicester in the East Midlands of England. The club competes in the Premier League, the highest level of England's football league system, and plays its home matches at King Power Stadium.The club was founded in 1884 as Leicester Fosse F.C, playing on a field near Fosse Road. They moved to Filbert Street in 1891, were elected to the Football League in 1894 and adopted the name Leicester City in 1919. They moved to the nearby Walkers Stadium in 2002, which was renamed King Power Stadium in 2011.
<Jacksonville,_Florida>	Jacksonville is a city located on the Atlantic coast of northeast Florida, the most populous city proper in the state and is the largest city by area in the contiguous United States as of 2020. It is the seat of Duval County, with which the city government consolidated in 1968. Consolidation gave Jacksonville its great size and placed most of its metropolitan population within the city limits. As of 2020, Jacksonville's population is 949,611, making it the 12th most populous city in the U.S., the most populous city in the Southeast, and the most populous city in the South outside of the state of Texas. With a population of 1,733,937, the Jacksonville metropolitan area ranks as Florida's fourth-largest metropolitan region.Jacksonville straddles the St. Johns River in the First Coast region of northeastern Florida, about 11 miles (18 kilometers) south of the Georgia state line (25 mi or 40 km to the urban core/downtown) and 350 miles (560 km) north of Miami. The Jacksonville Beaches communities are along the adjacent Atlantic coast. The area was originally inhabited by the Timucua people, and in 1564 was the site of the French colony of Fort Caroline, one of the earliest European settlements in what is now the continental United States. Under British rule, a settlement grew at the narrow point in the river where cattle crossed, known as Wacca Pilatka to the Seminole and the Cow Ford to the British. A platted town was established there in 1822, a year after the United States gained Florida from Spain; it was named after Andrew Jackson, the first military governor of the Florida Territory and seventh President of the United States.
<Fran_Saleški_Finžgar>	Fran Saleški Finžgar (February 9, 1871 – June 2, 1962) was perhaps the most popular Slovene folk writer. He is particularly known for his novels and short stories, although he also wrote poems and plays.Fran Saleški Finžgar was born into a poor peasant family in the Upper Carniolan village of Doslovče, in what was then the Austro-Hungarian Empire. After finishing primary education in the town of Radovljica, he attended secondary school in Ljubljana between 1882 and 1891, continuing his education at the theological college. He was ordained priest in 1894 and worked in various parishes in Upper Carniola and Ljubljana until 1936, when he retired.  He died in Ljubljana at the age of 91 and was buried at the Žale cemetery.Politically, Finžgar was close to the Christian Socialist ideals of the Slovenian Catholic political activist and leader Janez Evangelist Krek. He was also an admirer and friend of the Social Democratic author Ivan Cankar, whom he even catered at his deathbed in 1918. During World War II, he collaborated with the Communist-led Liberation Front of the Slovenian People, which led him to some conflict with the then bishop of Ljubljana, Gregorij Rožman.
<Frank_Lampard>	Frank James Lampard OBE (born 20 June 1978) is an English professional football manager and former player who is the manager of Premier League club Everton. He is widely regarded as one of Chelsea’s greatest ever players, and one of the greatest midfielders of his generation. He has the record of the most goals by a midfielder in the Premier League and of scoring the highest number of goals from outside the box (41). He ranked highly on a number of statistics for Premier League players for the ten years from 1st December 2000, including most games and most wins.A creative and technically gifted box-to-box midfielder, Lampard began his career in 1995 at West Ham United, the club where his father, Frank Lampard Sr., also played. He is best known for his time at London rivals Chelsea, whom he signed for in 2001 for £11 million. In his thirteen years with the club, Lampard established himself as a prolific scorer from midfield, becoming Chelsea's all-time leading goalscorer, with 211 goals scored in all competitions. Lampard won three Premier League titles, the UEFA Champions League, the UEFA Europa League, four FA Cups, and two Football League Cups. In 2005, he was named FWA Footballer of the Year, and finished runner-up for both the Ballon d'Or and FIFA World Player of the Year. After leaving Chelsea, Lampard played for league rivals Manchester City and Major League Soccer (MLS) club New York City FC before retiring in 2017.
<Anne_Fausto-Sterling>	Anne Fausto-Sterling (née  Sterling; born July 30, 1944) is an American sexologist who has written extensively on the biology of gender, sexual identity, gender identity, gender roles, and intersexuality. She is the Nancy Duke Lewis Professor Emerita of Biology and Gender Studies at Brown University.Fausto-Sterling's mother, Dorothy Sterling, was a noted writer and historian while her father was also a published writer.Fausto-Sterling received her Bachelor of Arts degree in zoology from University of Wisconsin in 1965 and her Ph.D. in developmental genetics from Brown University in 1970. After earning her Ph.D. she joined the faculty of Brown, where she was appointed Nancy Duke Lewis Professor of Biology and Gender Studies.
<Dario_Fo>	Dario Luigi Angelo Fo (Italian pronunciation: [ˈdaːrjo ˈfɔ]; 24 March 1926 – 13 October 2016) was an Italian playwright, actor, theatre director, stage designer, songwriter, political campaigner for the Italian left wing and the recipient of the 1997 Nobel Prize in Literature. In his time he was "arguably the most widely performed contemporary playwright in world theatre". Much of his dramatic work depends on improvisation and comprises the recovery of "illegitimate" forms of theatre, such as those performed by giullari (medieval strolling players) and, more famously, the ancient Italian style of commedia dell'arte.His plays have been translated into 30 languages and performed across the world, including in Argentina, Bulgaria, Canada, Chile, Iran, the Netherlands, Poland, Romania, South Africa, South Korea, Spain, Sri Lanka, Sweden, the United Kingdom, the United States and Yugoslavia. His work of the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s is peppered with criticisms of assassinations, corruption, organised crime, racism, Roman Catholic theology and war. Throughout the 1990s and 2000s, he took to lampooning Forza Italia and its leader Silvio Berlusconi, while his targets of the 2010s included the banks amid the European sovereign-debt crisis. Also in the 2010s, he became the main ideologue of the Five Star Movement, the anti-establishment party led by Beppe Grillo, often referred to by its members as "the Master".Fo's solo pièce célèbre, titled Mistero Buffo and performed across Europe, Canada and Latin America over a 30-year period, is recognised as one of the most controversial and popular spectacles in postwar European theatre and has been denounced by Cardinal Ugo Poletti, Cardinal Vicar for the Diocese of Rome, as "the most blasphemous show in the history of television". The title of the original English translation of Non Si Paga! Non Si Paga! (Can't Pay? Won't Pay!) has passed into the English language. "The play captures something universal in actions and reactions of the working class."
<Karl_R._Thompson>	Karl R. Thompson is an American lawyer and was the Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Legal Counsel of the United States Department of Justice from 2014 until 20 January 2017; he served as the Acting Assistant Attorney General during that period.Thompson received his Bachelor of Arts from Harvard University in 1991, a Doctor of Philosophy from the University of Cambridge in 1998, and his Juris Doctor from the University of Chicago Law School with high honors in 2000.
<Akin_Lewis>	Akin LewisListen (born 1957) is a Nigerian film actor, director, and producer.Lewis was born on 1957 in Ibadan, Oyo State, Nigeria, and grew up in Zaria Kaduna StateHe began his acting career in 1973, the same year he joined a drama group led by Professor Bode Sowande, a Nigerian writer and dramatist.Lewis came into limelight when he played the lead role in Why Worry, a 1980 comedy sitcom on NTA Ibadan, but gained more popularity for his role as local playboy Emeka in the sitcom Koko Close. He won best actor in 1982 based on the series and national limelight in Madam Dearest, a 2005 Nigerian film produced and directed by Tade Ogidan.Over the years, he has featured, produced and directed several films.He featured in Tinsel, a Nigerian soap opera that began airing in August 2008 and Heroes and Zeroes, a 2010 Nigerian film written and directed by Niji Akanni.In October 2010, he won the Audio Visual Awards (TAVA) for best actor.He celebrated his 40th years on stage in December 2013.
<IEEE_Morris_N._Liebmann_Memorial_Award>	The initially called Morris Liebmann Memorial Prize provided by the Institute of Radio Engineers (IRE), the IEEE Morris N. Liebmann Memorial Award was created in 1919 in honor of Colonel Morris N. Liebmann. It was initially given to awardees who had "made public during the recent past an important contribution to radio communications". The award continued to be awarded as the IEEE Morris N. Liebmann Memorial Award by the board of directors of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) after the IRE organization merged into the IEEE in 1963. The scope was changed to "for important contributions to emerging technologies recognized within recent years". After 2000, the award was superseded by the IEEE Daniel E. Noble Award.The following people received the IEEE Morris N. Liebmann Memorial Award:The following people received the IRE Morris Liebmann Memorial Prize:
<Charles_Bolden>	Charles Frank Bolden Jr. (born August 19, 1946) is a former Administrator of NASA, a retired United States Marine Corps Major General, and a former astronaut who flew on four Space Shuttle missions.
<Perdition_(play)>	Perdition is a 1987 stage play by Jim Allen. Its premiere at London's Royal Court Theatre Upstairs, in a production directed by Ken Loach, was abandoned because of protests, and criticism by two historians, over its controversial and tendentious claims.The play makes use of a libel trial in Israel in 1954–55 concerning allegations of collaboration during the  Second World War in 1944 between the leadership of the Zionist movement in Hungary and the Nazis.
<Carter_Hall_(Millwood,_Virginia)>	Carter Hall was the Millwood, Virginia, USA estate of Lt. Col. Nathaniel Burwell (1750–1814).   It is located in the upper Shenandoah Valley, off Virginia Route 255 northeast of Millwood.  The estate includes a grand plantation house, a great lawn, and terraced gardens, and has panoramic views in all directions.  It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Nathaniel Burwell (1750-1814) inherited a 5,800-acre (2,347 ha) estate from his father Carter Burwell, including Carter's Grove, James City County, and about 5000 acres in what was then Frederick County. He developed the land with the Burwell-Morgan Mill and normally spent summers nearby (the Blue Ridge Mountains' foothills being cooler and less subject to malaria than the Hampton Roads area). After the American Revolutionary War and his first wife's death, Col. Burwell remarried and with the assistance of former General Daniel Morgan began building the plantation house he called 'Carter Hall' during 1792–1800. Col. Nathaniel Burwell at his peak owned 8000 acres and worked more than 200 slaves in Frederick County; the next largest landowners only possessing 53, 43 and 28 slaves. Col. Burwell would die at Carter Hall in 1814, but his estate would not settle until his widow's death in 1843. Carter Hall would be inherited by one of his sons by his second wife, George Harrison Burwell (1799–1873). Col. Burwell invited his cousin, U.S. Founding Father Edmund Randolph, who had been Governor of Virginia, United States Attorney General and later Secretary of State under George Washington, to pass his retirement at Carter Hall. Both are buried outside Old Chapel (Millwood, Virginia), built in 1790 on land donated by Col. Burwell, and sometimes referred to as the "Burwell graveyard" because of succeeding generations of this branch of the Burwell family buried there.Col. Burwell's son Nathaniel Burwell Jr. (1779-1849) helped to form Clarke County from the eastern part Frederick County and at nearly 2400 acres and 52 slaves was its largest landowners. He served as one its justices of the peace at various times, as well as its joint delegate in the Virginia General Assembly with neighboring Warren County (which the Castleman family dominated), but lived at Saratoga (Boyce, Virginia), a plantation he bought from Gen. Morgan in 1809 after the retired soldier moved to Winchester to live with his family.
<Wigan_Athletic_F.C.>	 Wigan Athletic Football Club (/ˈwɪɡən/) is an English professional association football club based in Wigan, Greater Manchester, England. The team competes in the Championship, the second tier of the English football league system. Founded in 1932, they have played at the 25,138-seat DW Stadium since 1999, before which they played at Springfield Park. Their colours are blue and white stripes, although all-blue shirts have been common throughout the club's history. The club regards Bolton Wanderers as its primary derby rival. Wigan competed in the Cheshire County League for the first nine seasons of the club's existence, winning three league titles before being placed in the Lancashire Combination in 1947. It spent 14 years in the Lancashire Combination and secured four league titles during this time. It spent 1961 to 1968 back in the Cheshire County League, picking up another league title in 1964–65. Invited to become a founder member of the Northern Premier League in 1968, the club won two league titles and also reached the FA Trophy final in 1973. Wigan was elected to the Football League in 1978 and was promoted out of the Fourth Division in 1981–82. The club won the Associate Members' Cup in 1985, but was relegated back into the fourth tier in 1993. It won the Third Division title in 1996–97, the Football League Trophy in 1999 and the Second Division in 2002–03, before securing promotion out of the Championship in 2004–05.
<Yago_Fernández>	Yago Fernández Prieto (born 5 January 1988), known simply as Yago, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a central defender.Born in Lisbon to a Spanish father, Yago played for four clubs during his youth career, starting with hometown's S.L. Benfica at the age of nine then successively representing Sporting CP, Real Madrid and Valencia CF. As a senior, his first spell was with the latter's reserve team in Tercera División, in a promotion-ending campaign.
<Steaming_(play)>	Steaming is a 1981 play written by English playwright Nell Dunn first staged at Theatre Royal, Stratford East, in London. It won the 1981 Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Comedy (at the time known as the Society of West End Theatre Award for Best New Comedy).The play opened on Broadway at the Brooks Atkinson Theatre on December 12, 1983, running for 65 performances and ten previews. The cast included Judith Ivey, Pauline Flanagan, Lisa Jane Persky, Linda Thorson, and Margaret Whitton. Reviewing the production in The New York Times, Frank Rich praised Ivey's performance, and wrote "Though in no way an accomplished play, Steaming is still lightly enjoyable when it isn't preaching. The talk is often amusing and seemingly authentic ... The American Steaming contains far more nudity than the London version, but it's handled un-self-consciously and adds verisimilitude where once there was prurient coyness."
<10_(film)>	10 is a 1979 American romantic comedy film written, produced and directed by Blake Edwards and starring Dudley Moore, Julie Andrews, Robert Webber and Bo Derek. It was considered a trendsetting film at the time of its release and became one of the year's biggest box-office hits. The film follows a middle-aged man who becomes infatuated with a young woman whom he has never met, leading to a comic chase and an encounter in Mexico.During a surprise 42nd birthday party for the wealthy and famous composer George Webber thrown by his actress girlfriend Samantha Taylor, George finds that he is coping badly with his age. From his car, George glimpses a bride on her way to be married and is instantly obsessed with her beauty. Following her to the church, he crashes into a police cruiser, is stung by a bee and nearly disrupts the wedding ceremony.Later that night, Sam and George argue over his treatment of women and his habit of spying on the intimate acts of a neighbor (which later turns out to be consensual).
<Carroll_Waller>	Ava Carroll Waller (August 8, 1927 – October 28, 2014) was an American preservationist, writer and former First Lady of the U.S. state of Mississippi. Waller served as the First Lady of Mississippi from 1972 to 1976 during the administration of her husband, the late Governor Bill Waller. Carroll Waller spearheaded the restoration of the Mississippi Governor's Mansion in Jackson, Mississippi. She also led the move to have the Governor's Mansion designated as a National Historic Landmark in 1975, which was only the second time that a governor's residence had been listed as a NHL in the U.S. Additionally, Waller helped to purchase and restore the Manship House in Jackson. In 1980, the Mississippi Historical Society awarded Carroll Waller its Award of Merit for her work in historic preservation in the state.Carroll Waller was the mother of William L. Waller Jr., who has served as the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Mississippi since 2009.
<Brown_University>	Brown University is a private Ivy League research university in Providence, Rhode Island. Brown is the seventh-oldest institution of higher education in the United States, founded in 1764 as the College in the English Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations. Brown is one of the nine colonial colleges chartered before the American Revolution. Admission at Brown is among the most selective in the United States. In 2022, the university reported a first year acceptance rate of 5%.Brown was the first college in the United States to codify in its charter that admission and instruction of students was to be equal regardless of their religious affiliation. The university is home to the oldest applied mathematics program in the United States, the oldest engineering program in the Ivy League, and the third-oldest medical program in New England. The university was one of the early doctoral-granting U.S. institutions in the late 19th century, adding masters and doctoral studies in 1887. In 1969, Brown adopted its Open Curriculum after a period of student lobbying. The new curriculum eliminated mandatory "general education" distribution requirements, made students "the architects of their own syllabus" and allowed them to take any course for a grade of satisfactory (Pass) or no-credit (Fail) which is unrecorded on external transcripts. In 1971, Brown's coordinate women's institution, Pembroke College, was fully merged into the university.
<Francisco_Javier_Jusué>	Francisco Javier Jusué Garcés (born 30 November 1979 in Tudela, Navarre) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender.On the professional level Jusué played mainly for local giants CA Osasuna, but only appeared in six games with the first team in his first four years as a senior combined, with the Navarrese in the second division. From 2000 to 2002, with the club in La Liga, he ironically played more; he made his debut in the latter competition on 10 February 2001, featuring the full 90 minutes in a 1–2 away loss against Rayo Vallecano.After a series of loans, mainly in the second level, Jusué was released by Osasuna in the 2005 summer, resuming his career in division three or lower.
<Archduke_Carl_Ludwig_of_Austria_(1918–2007)>	Archduke Carl Ludwig of Austria (Carl Ludwig Maria Franz Joseph Michael Gabriel Antonius Robert Stephan Pius Gregor Ignatius Markus d'Aviano; 10 March 1918 – 11 December 2007), also known as Carl Ludwig Habsburg-Lothringen, was the fifth child of Charles I of Austria and Princess Zita of Bourbon-Parma. He was born in Baden bei Wien and died in Brussels.During the Second World War, Karl Ludwig and his brother Felix volunteered to serve in the 101st Infantry Battalion of the United States Army, known as the "Free Austria Battalion". However, the battalion was disbanded when a number of exiled Jewish volunteers who made up the majority of the force ultimately declined to confirm their enlistment.
<Charles_David_Allis>	Charles David Allis (born March 22, 1951) is an American molecular biologist, and is currently the Joy and Jack Fishman Professor and head of the Laboratory of Chromatin Biology and Epigenetics at The Rockefeller University.In pursuit of understanding the DNA-histone protein complex and the intricate system which allows for gene activation, the Allis lab focuses on chromatin signaling via histone modifications – acetylation, methylation and phosphorylation. David Allis is best known for deciphering regulatory mechanisms that impinge upon the fundamental repeating unit of chromatin. Allis was not the first one to recognize histone acetyltransferase activity (Cano, Amparo; Pstana, Angel (1979). "Purification and Properties of a Histone Acetyltransferase from Artemia salina, Highly Efficient with H1 Histone". European Journal of Biochemistry. Wiley. 97 (1): 65–72. doi:10.1111/j.1432-1033.1979.tb13086.x. ISSN 0014-2956. PMID 477673.), nor its role in the regulation of gene expression (Allfrey, V.  G. (1970) Changes in chromosomal proteins at times of gene activation Fed. Proc. 29 (4): 1447–1460.) but he sparked renewed interest in chromatin function. Histone acetylation as well as other modifications (methylation, phosphorilation, ubiquitination) may frame the "Histone Code" or "Epigenetic Code."  While the DNA code is responsible for the sequence of RNA's and proteins, the Histone Code may ultimately be responsible for the epigenetic regulation of this genetic information.  Allis discovered the critical link, through histone acetyltransferase-containing transcriptional coactivators, between targeted histone acetylation and gene-specific transcriptional activation.  In further studies, he linked histone phosphorylation events to mitosis and mitogen action, established a synergy between histone phosphorylation and acetylation events and elaborated the ‘histone code hypothesis’ (and extensions thereof), one of the most highly cited theories governing epigenetics. Recent studies suggest a new model wherein histone mutations (‘oncohistones’) represent a novel and previously unrecognized mechanism to alter epigenetic states in a variety of pathologies through inhibition of a wide range of histone methyltransferases.   In turn, oncohistone mutations exert their oncogenic effect by reprogramming the cellular epigenome and transcriptome, thereby disrupting the highly coordinated epigenetic programs required for cell-specific differentiation. Implications of this research for human biology and human disease, notably cancer, are far-reaching and continuing at a remarkable pace.
<Nathaniel_P._Banks>	Stonewall Jackson's Valley Campaign-First Battle of Kernstown-Battle of Front Royal-First Battle of WinchesterNorthern Virginia Campaign-Battle of Cedar Mountain-Second Battle of Bull RunVicksburg Campaign-Siege of Port HudsonNathaniel Prentice (or Prentiss) Banks (January 30, 1816 – September 1, 1894) was an American politician from Massachusetts and a Union general during the Civil War. A millworker by background, Banks was prominent in local debating societies, and his oratorical skills were noted by the Democratic Party. However, his abolitionist views fitted him better for the nascent Republican Party, through which he became Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and Governor of Massachusetts in the 1850s. Always a political chameleon (for which he was criticized by contemporaries), Banks was the first professional politician (with no outside business or other interests) to serve as Massachusetts Governor.
<Dimitrios_Trichopoulos>	—multi-factorial etiology of hepatocellular cancer, with emphasis on the interactive effects of hepatitis B and C viruses, tobacco smoking, and ethanol intake—Several oncology firsts:.Academy of Athens (1997-2014)Karolinska Institute, Stockholm (1998-2014)
<Baek_Ji-young>	Baek Ji-young (Korean: 백지영; born March 25, 1976), also known as Baek Z Young, is a South Korean singer. She made her debut in 1999, with the release of her album Sorrow. Over her career she has released eight studio albums and won awards for Best Female Artist and Best OST at the Mnet Asian Music Awards.Baek began her music career in 1999, entering the South Korean dance scene with her first album Sorrow. The first single, "선택" (Choice), was one of the first Korean pop songs to feature Latin beats. The single charted well, and Baek quickly followed her debut with a second album, Rouge, which came out in April 2000 and sold 360,000 copies.
<Düsseldorf>	Düsseldorf (UK: /ˈdʊsəldɔːrf/ DUUS-əl-dorf, US: /ˈdjuːs-/ DEWS-, German: [ˈdʏsl̩dɔʁf] (listen); often Dusseldorf in English sources; Low Franconian and Ripuarian: Düsseldörp [ˈdɵsəldœʀ(ə)p];[tone?] archaic Dutch: Dusseldorp [ˈdʏsəlˌdɔr(ə)p]) is the capital city of North Rhine-Westphalia, the most populous state of Germany. It is the second-largest city in the state and the seventh-largest city in Germany, with a population of 617,280.Düsseldorf is located at the confluence of two rivers: the Rhine and the Düssel, a small tributary. The -dorf suffix means "village" in German (English cognate: thorp); its use is unusual for a settlement as large as Düsseldorf. Most of the city lies on the right bank of the Rhine. Düsseldorf lies in the centre of both the Rhine-Ruhr and the Rhineland Metropolitan Region. It neighbours the Cologne Bonn Region to the south and the Ruhr to the north. It is the largest city in the German Low Franconian dialect area (closely related to Dutch).
<Championship_Hockey>	Championship Hockey is a 1992 ice hockey video game that was released exclusively for the European Sega Master System. A port of the game was released in 1994 for the Sega Game Gear.Players must play international ice hockey matches against 22 of the world's most powerful ice hockey playing nations.There is a bird's eye view that allows players to get a wider scope of the game being played. Players can choose between 5, 10, or 20-minute periods. Penalties can be enabled; with all of them netting two minutes in the penalty box. There are no major penalties or game misconducts in this video game. Players can participate in an exhibition game, a regular season-style endeavor, or through a "best of 7" playoff series.
<In_the_Castle_of_My_Skin>	In the Castle of My Skin is the first and much acclaimed novel by Barbadian writer George Lamming, originally published in 1953 by Michael Joseph in London, and subsequently published in New York City by McGraw-Hill. The novel won a Somerset Maugham Award and was championed by eminent figures Jean-Paul Sartre and Richard Wright, the latter writing an introduction to the book's U.S. edition.An autobiographical coming-of-age novel, set in the 1930s–'40s in Carrington Village, Barbados, where the author was born and raised, In the Castle of My Skin follows the events in the life of a young boy named G, taking place against the background of dramatic changes in the society in which he lives. The book's title comes from a couplet in Derek Walcott's early work Epitaph for the Young: XII Cantos (1949): "You in the castle of your skin / I the swineherd."A sequel by Lamming entitled The Emigrants, following the life of the same protagonist as he travels from Barbados to England, was published in 1954. 
<BMW_Z8>	The BMW Z8 is a roadster produced by German automotive manufacturer BMW from 1998 to 2006. The Z8 was developed under the codename "E52" between 1993 and 1999, through the efforts of a design team led by Chris Bangle from 1993 to 1995. The exterior was designed by Henrik Fisker and the interior by Scott Lempert.The Z8 originally was designed as a styling exercise intended to evoke and celebrate the 1956–1959 BMW 507. Prototypes were spotted testing between 1996 and 1999. A concept was later developed to preview the Z8, called the Z07 and was showcased in October 1997 at the Tokyo Motor Show.
<University_of_Colorado_Boulder>	The University of Colorado Boulder (CU Boulder, CU, or Colorado) is a public research university in Boulder, Colorado. Founded in 1876, five months before Colorado became a state, it is the flagship university of the University of Colorado system. CU Boulder is a member of the Association of American Universities, a selective group of major research universities in North America, and is classified among R1: Doctoral Universities – Very high research activity. In 2021, the university attracted support of over $634 million for research and spent $536 million on research and development according to the National Science Foundation, ranking it 50th in the nation.The university consists of nine colleges and schools and offers over 150 academic programs, enrolling more than 35,000 students as of January 2022.
<Diogo_Fonseca>	Diogo Augusto Tavares Fonseca da Costa (born 11 December 1984 in Ponta Delgada, Azores) is a Portuguese former professional footballer who played as a centre forward.
<Young_Hyacinth>	Young Hyacinth is a prequel to the British sitcom Keeping Up Appearances, written by original writer Roy Clarke. Keeping Up Appearances ran for 44 episodes in five series from 1990 to 1995 and two TV specials in 1997 and 2008, created and written by Roy Clarke. The one-off special, set some forty years before the events of Keeping Up Appearances, follows the early life of Hyacinth Walton (later Bucket), as she desperately attempts to better her sisters and dad. The special premiered on 2 September 2016 on BBC One as part of the BBC Landmark Sitcom Season.In the early 1950s, a young Hyacinth Walton is working as a domestic servant for the Cooper-Smiths by day while living in a small canal cottage with her alcoholic father and three sisters (Violet, Rose and Daisy). Impressed by her eccentric employers, Hyacinth vows to escape her poor background and enter a world of the elegant upper class.
<Henry_Fuseli>	Henry Fuseli RA (/ˈfjuːzəli, fjuːˈzɛli/ FEW-zə-lee, few-ZEL-ee; German: Johann Heinrich Füssli [ˈfyːsli]; 7 February 1741 – 17 April 1825) was a Swiss painter, draughtsman and writer on art who spent much of his life in Britain. Many of his works, such as The Nightmare, deal with supernatural subject matter. He painted works for John Boydell's Shakespeare Gallery, and created his own "Milton Gallery". He held the posts of Professor of Painting and Keeper at the Royal Academy. His style had a considerable influence on many younger British artists, including William Blake.Fuseli was born in Zürich, Switzerland, the second of 18 children. His father was Johann Caspar Füssli, a painter of portraits and landscapes, and author of Lives of the Helvetic Painters. He intended Henry for the church, and sent him to the Caroline college of Zurich, where he received an excellent classical education. One of his schoolmates there was Johann Kaspar Lavater, with whom he became close friends.
<The_Defense>	The Defense is the third novel written by Vladimir Nabokov after he had emigrated to Berlin. It was published in 1930.The novel appeared first under Nabokov's pen name V. Sirin in the Russian emigre quarterly Sovremennye zapiski and was thereafter published by the emigre publishing house Slovo as "Защита Лужина" (The Luzhin Defense) in Berlin. More than three decades later the novel was translated into English by Michael Scammell in collaboration with Nabokov and appeared in 1964. In the foreword to the English edition Nabokov states that he wrote The Defense in 1929 while he vacationed in Le Boulou ("hunting butterflies") and then finished it in Berlin. He links the events in the central chapters to moves as encountered in chess problems.The plot concerns the title character, Aleksandr Ivanovich Luzhin. As a boy, he is considered unattractive, withdrawn, and an object of ridicule by his classmates. One day, when a guest comes to his father's party, he is asked whether he knows how to play chess. This encounter serves as his motivation to pick up chess. He skips school and visits his aunt's house to learn the basics. He quickly becomes a great player, enrolling in local competitions and rising in rank as a chess player. His talent is prodigious and he attains the level of a Grandmaster in less than ten years.  For many years, he remains one of the top chess players in the world, but fails to become a world champion.
<Prince_Alfonso_of_Hohenlohe-Langenburg>	Prince Alfonso Maximiliano Victorio Eugenio Alejandro María Pablo de la Santísima Trinidad y Todos los Santos zu Hohenlohe-Langenburg (28 May 1924 – 21 December 2003) was a Spanish businessman known for his promotion of the Spanish resorts of Marbella and the Costa del Sol. He also founded the Marbella Club Hotel.He was born in Madrid as the eldest son of Prince Maximilian Egon zu Hohenlohe-Langenburg (1897–1968) and his wife, María de la Piedad de Yturbe y von Scholtz-Hermensdorff, Marquesa de Belvís de las Navas (1892–1990). She was known as Piedita and was the daughter of Manuel Adrián de Yturbe y del Villar (Mexican ambassador to St. Petersburg, Vienna, Paris and Madrid) and María de la Trinidad von Scholtz-Hermensdorff y Caravaca, Marquesa de Belvís de las Navas.
<David_Sankoff>	David Sankoff (born December 31, 1942) is a Canadian mathematician, bioinformatician, computer scientist and linguist. He holds the Canada Research Chair in Mathematical Genomics in the Mathematics and Statistics Department at the University of Ottawa, and is cross-appointed to the Biology Department and the School of Information Technology and Engineering. He was founding editor of the scientific journal Language Variation and Change (Cambridge) and serves on the editorial boards of a number of bioinformatics, computational biology and linguistics journals. Sankoff is best known for his pioneering contributions in computational linguistics and computational genomics. He is considered to be one of the founders of bioinformatics. In particular, he had a key role in introducing dynamic programming for sequence alignment and other problems in computational biology. In Pavel Pevzner's words,"[ Michael Waterman ] and David Sankoff are responsible for transforming bioinformatics from a ‘stamp collection' of ill-defined problems into a rigorous discipline with important biological applications."Sankoff  published his first paper in 1963 while he was an undergraduate student in Mathematics at McGill University. Starting with his doctoral research, he developed mathematical formulations to a number of pivotal concepts in socio- and historical linguistics, including glottochronology, variable rules analysis (with Henrietta Cedergren), the linguistic marketplace and code switching.After completing his Ph.D. in Mathematics, Sankoff began his academic career at the University of Montreal in 1969. In 1971, Sankoff became interested in molecular sequence comparison and devised the first quadratic-time variant of the Needleman-Wunsch algorithm for pairwise sequence alignment. In 1973, Sankoff and Robert Cedergren developed a joint estimation method for phylogeny and multiple sequence alignment of 5S ribosomal RNA, laying the algorithmic foundations of comparative genomics. In 1975, Sankoff and Václav Chvátal studied the behavior of the longest common subsequence problem on random inputs; the constants of proportionality arising in this study have come to be known as the Chvátal–Sankoff constants.In 1980, Robert Cedergen and David Sankoff created the first research group in bioinformatics at the University of Montreal. Sankoff's work in bioinformatics addresses RNA secondary structure, genome rearrangements, sequence alignment, genome evolution and phylogenetics.
<Brimah_Razak>	Brimah Razak (born 22 June 1987) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays for Spanish club CD Estepona FS as a goalkeeper.He spent most of his career in Spain, representing Guadalajara, Mirandés and Córdoba in the Segunda División. He also played professionally in Portugal and South Africa, winning the Premier Division with Mamelodi Sundowns.Razak appeared in two Africa Cup of Nations editions with Ghana, having made his debut in 2013.
<Archdale_Parkhill>	Sir Robert Archdale "Archie" Parkhill KCMG (27 August 1878 – 2 October 1947) was an Australian politician who served in the House of Representatives from 1927 to 1937. He began his career in politics as a campaign director for the Commonwealth Liberal Party and Nationalist Party. He later joined the new United Australia Party in 1931, and served as a minister in the Lyons Government between 1932 and 1937.Parkhill was born on 27 August 1878 in Paddington, New South Wales. He was the son of Isabella (née Chisholm) and Robert Parkhill, his father being a stonemason. He was educated at public schools in Paddington and Waverley before finding work as a clerk. In 1904, Parkhill was elected to the Waverley Municipal Council. In the same year, he was appointed secretary of the Liberal and Reform Association. He married Florence Ruth Watts on 9 May 1906.
<Letzigrund>	Letzigrund (help·info) is a stadium in Zürich, Switzerland, and the home of the athletics club LC Zürich, and the football clubs FC Zürich and Grasshopper Club Zürich. LC Zürich is a spin-off of FC Zürich whose members constructed the stadium in 1925. Grasshopper-Club has been using it as their home stadium since 2007. The annual track and field meet Weltklasse Zürich—part of the Diamond League—takes place at the Letzigrund since 1928, as well as frequent open-air concerts. On the Letzigrund track on 21 June 1960, Armin Hary was the first human being to run the 100 metres in 10,0 seconds.The old stadium was opened on 22 November 1925 and was owned by FC Zürich. During the Great Depression, ownership changed to the city of Zurich in 1937 which has operated it since. It underwent extensive remodeling in 1947, 1958, 1973, and 1984. Lighting was added in 1973. The first open-air concert there was held in 1996.The capacity was 25,000 and the main pitch was 105 by 68 meters with athletics facilities. There were also three other playing fields: 2 lawns, 1 artificial turf and a small packed sand field. The old Letzigrund also contained a bar and a restaurant within the stadium.[citation needed]
<Sovcomflot>	Sovcomflot (Russian: ПАО «Совкомфлот», ПАО «Современный коммерческий флот», lit. 'Modern Commercial Fleet'). Sovcomflot is Russia's largest shipping company, and one of the global leaders in the maritime transportation of hydrocarbons, as well as the servicing and support of offshore exploration and oil & gas production.In 1973 the Government of the USSR decreed the formation of a special shipping corporation, separated from the regular state-owned marine fleet, that could use a long-term bare boat charter scheme for purchasing new and used foreign-built vessels. In 1976 the Ministry of Merchant Marine instituted a special fund and the newly formed corporation used it to acquire two 40,000 DWT, dry cargo transports – Sovfracht and Sovinflot.[citation needed]In 1988 these operations were reorganized as the Sovcomflot Joint-Stock Company (SCF), a then one-of-a-kind state-owned corporation with special authorization by the USSR Council of Ministers. By 1990 its assets reached a gross tonnage carrying capacity of 1,800,000 DWT. A further reorganization in June 1995 confirmed the special status of Sovcomflot as a state-owned business.[citation needed]
<FC_Olimpik_Donetsk>	FC Olimpik Donetsk (Ukrainian: «Олімпік» Донецьк [oˈl⁽ʲ⁾impiɡ doˈnɛtsʲk]) is a Ukrainian inactive football team based in Donetsk, Ukraine. The club currently doesn't play in any Ukrainian competition due to the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. Since its promotion to Ukrainian Premier League in 2014, it played its games in Kyiv due to the war in Donbas. During the 2016–17 Ukrainian Premier League, there were attempts to move the club either to Sumy or Cherkasy, which were never realized.The football club Olimpik Donetsk was formed in 2001 along with a charity regional fund of football development.
<Godolphin_Stables>	Coordinates: 52°15′25″N 0°24′43″E﻿ / ﻿52.257°N 0.412°E﻿ / 52.257; 0.412Godolphin Stables, also known as Stanley House Stables, is a thoroughbred racehorse ownership, training and breeding operation in Newmarket, Suffolk, which has produced many notable horses. It is one of the most famous racing establishments in the world and is currently owned and operated by Godolphin Racing, the UK's largest flat racing operation.The stables were built by Frederick Stanley, 16th Earl of Derby (also the namesake of the Stanley Cup in North American ice hockey), in 1903 and originally named Stanley House stables after Lord Derby's nearby house. They were acquired by Godolphin Racing in April 1988 and renamed Godolphin Stables under head trainer John Gosden. The name refers to the well known horse Godolphin Arabian, one of the first Arabian horses brought to Britain.
<Thomas_Minton>	Thomas Minton (1765–1836) was an English potter. He founded Thomas Minton & Sons in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, which grew into a major ceramic manufacturing company with an international reputation.During the early 1780s Thomas Minton was an apprentice engraver at the Caughley Pottery Works in Shropshire, under the proprietorship of Thomas Turner, working on copperplate engravings for the production of transferware. The engraver Thomas Lucas went from there to work for Josiah Spode at Stoke-on-Trent in 1783, taking some elements of the fashionable chinoiserie patterns with him. While at Caughley Thomas Minton is thought to have worked on chinoiserie landscape patterns including willows, and to have prepared copperplates of them: but the Salopian works never produced the standard willow pattern which includes the bridge and the fence in the foreground.
<Chikki_Panday>	Aloke Sharad Pandey (born 13 November 1966), better known as Chikki Pandey, is an Indian businessperson based in Mumbai. He, along with Ranjeet Deshmukh, co-founded the 'Akshara Foundation of Arts & Learning' which works towards providing education to under privileged children.Chikki Panday is the brother of actor Chunky Pandey and is married to Deanne Pandey and has two children daughter Alanna Panday (b.16 August 1995) and son Ahaan Panday (b. 23 December 1997).
<Málaga>	Málaga (/mæləɡə/, Spanish: [ˈmalaɣa]) is a municipality of Spain, capital of the Province of Málaga, in the autonomous community of Andalusia. With a population of 578,460 in 2020, it is the second-most populous city in Andalusia after Seville and the sixth most populous in Spain. It lies on the Costa del Sol (Coast of the Sun) of the Mediterranean, about 100 kilometres (62.14 miles) east of the Strait of Gibraltar and about 130 km (80.78 mi) north of Africa.Málaga's history spans about 2,800 years, making it one of the oldest cities in Europe and one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in the world. According to most scholars, it was founded about 770 BC by the Phoenicians as Malaka (Punic: 𐤌𐤋𐤊𐤀, MLKʾ). From the 6th century BC the city was under the hegemony of Ancient Carthage, and from 218 BC, it was ruled by the Roman Republic and then empire as Malaca (Latin). After the fall of the empire and the end of Visigothic rule, it was under Islamic rule as Mālaqah (Arabic: مالقة) for 800 years, but in 1487, the Crown of Castile gained control in the midst of the Granada War. The archaeological remains and monuments from the Phoenician, Roman, Arabic and Christian eras make the historic center of the city an "open museum", displaying its history of nearly 3,000 years.
<Dan_Finnerty>	Dan Finnerty (born January 22, 1970) is an American actor and singer.Finnerty was born in Rochester, New York, and grew up in the small town of Bath, New York. He attended Emerson College in Boston. He was a member of the hit off-Broadway show Stomp in New York City.
<Rai_Way>	Rai Way is an Italian listed company that owns the broadcasting infrastructure of state-owned RAI TV station. Its shares are traded into the FTSE Italia Mid Cap Index.In 2015, EI Towers launched a hostile takeover bid for €1.2 billion; however, Italian law required RAI to hold at least 51% shares of the company.
<Nice>	Nice (/niːs/ NEESS, French pronunciation: [nis] (listen); Niçard: Niça, classical norm, or Nissa, nonstandard, pronounced [ˈnisa]; Italian: Nizza [ˈnittsa]; Ligurian: Nissa; Ancient Greek: Νίκαια; Latin: Nicaea) is the prefecture of the Alpes-Maritimes department in France. The Nice agglomeration extends far beyond the administrative city limits, with a population of nearly 1 million on an area of 744 km2 (287 sq mi). Located on the French Riviera, the southeastern coast of France on the Mediterranean Sea, at the foot of the French Alps, Nice is the second-largest French city on the Mediterranean coast and second-largest city in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region after Marseille. Nice is approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) from the principality of Monaco and 30 kilometres (19 mi) from the French–Italian border. Nice's airport serves as a gateway to the region.The city is nicknamed Nice la Belle (Nissa La Bella in Niçard), meaning 'Nice the Beautiful', which is also the title of the unofficial anthem of Nice, written by Menica Rondelly in 1912. The area of today's Nice contains Terra Amata, an archaeological site which displays evidence of a very early use of fire 380,000 years ago. Around 350 BC, Greeks of Marseille founded a permanent settlement and called it Νίκαια, Nikaia, after Nike, the goddess of victory. Through the ages, the town has changed hands many times. Its strategic location and port significantly contributed to its maritime strength. From 1388 it was a dominion of Savoy, then became part of the French First Republic between 1792 and 1815, when it was returned to the Kingdom of Piedmont-Sardinia, the legal predecessor of the Kingdom of Italy, until its re-annexation by France in 1860.
<LILO_(boot_loader)>	LILO (Linux Loader) is a boot loader for Linux and was the default boot loader for most Linux distributions in the years after the popularity of loadlin.[when?] Today[when?], many distributions use GRUB as the default boot loader, but LILO and its variant ELILO are still in wide use. Further development of LILO was discontinued in December 2015 along with a request by Joachim Wiedorn for potential developers.For EFI-based PC hardware the now orphaned ELILO boot loader was developed, originally by Hewlett-Packard for IA-64 systems made, but later also for standard i386 and amd64 hardware with EFI support.On any version of Linux running on Intel-based Apple Macintosh hardware, ELILO is one of the available bootloaders.
<Hooray_for_Love_(TV_series)>	Bravo, My Love! (Korean: 애정만만세; RR: Aejeongmanmanse; lit. Hooray for Love) is a 2011 South Korean television series starring Lee Bo-young, Lee Tae-sung and Jin Yi-han. It aired on MBC from July 2, 2011 to june 13, 2012 on Monday and Firday at 21:45 for 198 episodes.Kang Jae-mi is the daughter of divorced parents. Her father Kang Hyung-do cheated on her mother Oh Jung-hee, which led to their divorce. He is now married to a much younger woman, Byun Joo-ri, but still has lingering feelings for his ex-wife.
<Jada_Pinkett_Smith>	Jada Koren Pinkett Smith (/ˈdʒeɪdə ˈpɪŋkɪt/; née Pinkett; born September 18, 1971) is an American actress and talk show host. She is co-host of the Facebook Watch talk show Red Table Talk, for which she has received a Daytime Emmy Award. Time named her one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2021.Pinkett Smith landed her big break on the sitcom A Different World in 1991. She went on to star in films such as Menace II Society (1993), The Nutty Professor (1996), Set It Off (1996), and Scream 2 (1997) before her prominent contributions to The Matrix Reloaded (2003), The Matrix Revolutions (2003) and the animated Madagascar films. She returned to television with starring roles on Hawthorne (2009–2011) and Gotham (2014–2017). Her other acting roles include Magic Mike XXL (2015), Bad Moms (2016), Girls Trip (2017), and The Matrix Resurrections (2021). 
<Stratton_Hammon>	Stratton Owen Hammon (March 6, 1904 – October 22, 1997) was a Louisville, Kentucky, architect known for his Colonial Revival style homes.Hammon was a graduate of DuPont Manual High School in Louisville where he studied art and architectural drafting. He studied architecture briefly at the University of Louisville. He learned the architecture trade working with a Louisville builder named Murphy and opened his own architecture practice during the height of the Great Depression. He is known for the more than 100 distinctive homes he designed in Kentucky and for the house plans that he published in magazines such as Good Housekeeping, Better Homes and Gardens and McCall's throughout the United States. It is impossible to know how many homes were built based on these plans in various parts of the United States.He became the 30th Kentucky registered architect in 1930 and was later president of the Kentucky Chapter of the American Institute of Architects.
<Carla_Del_Poggio>	Carla Del Poggio (2 December 1925 – 14 October 2010) was an Italian cinema, theatre, and television actress.Born Maria Luisa Attanasio in Naples, she was the wife of Italian director Alberto Lattuada for 60 years, from 2 April 1945 until his death 3 July 2005. She died on 14 October 2010, aged 84, from undisclosed causes.
<Joseph_S._Cabot>	Joseph Sebastian Cabot (October 8, 1796 – June 29, 1874) was a Massachusetts banker and politician who served as the fourth Mayor of Salem, Massachusetts.Cabot was president of the Asiatic Bank, the Salem Savings Bank, and the Massachusetts Horticultural Society.  He was also the Massachusetts State Bank Commissioner.
<Wooden_Foot_Cops_on_the_Highway>	Wooden Foot Cops on the Highway is the second studio album by English rock band The Woodentops, released in 1988 by record label Rough Trade.The album reached #48 on the UK albums chart, spending 2 weeks on the chart.
<Jaws_(ride)>	Jaws is an amusement ride attraction based on the Jaws film series and is located at Universal Studios Japan. It originally opened at Universal Studios Florida in Orlando in 1990, and another installation later opened at Universal Studios Japan in 2001. The ride uses tour boats to take guests through a harbor of the fictional Amity Island, which begins as a leisurely tour that is abruptly interrupted by an attack of the famous great white shark. The concept is an expanded version of the Jaws miniature attraction featured in the Studio Tour at Universal Studios Hollywood in California. In 2012, the attraction was removed from the Florida theme park to make room for the second phase of expansion for The Wizarding World of Harry Potter.The original attraction at Universal Studios Florida was inspired by a small attraction on the long-running Studio Tour at Universal Studios Hollywood, in which the Studio Tour tram passed through several sets from the film and was then attacked by an animatronic shark known as Jaws while driving by the Amity Harbor shoreline. This attraction opened in 1976 and continues to operate to this day. For the Universal Studios Florida park/studio project, Universal sought to take the components of the Hollywood tram stop and turn it into its own ride. The original ride was designed by MCA/Universal Planning and Development, in association with Ride & Show Engineering, Inc., which designed the original tour scene. Steven Spielberg, who directed the first film in the series, also served as a creative consultant for the ride.Following the opening of Jaws within the park on June 7, 1990, it experienced extensive and persistent breakdowns as a result of the elaborate special effects involved, as did fellow original rides Kongfrontation and Earthquake: The Big One. However, while Universal was able to eventually contain the technical bugs in the Kong and Earthquake rides at "utmost consistency", the effects in the Jaws ride constantly refused to work at all, resulting in the ride having to be evacuated almost daily. Following the Summer opening of the park, Universal temporarily shut down the ride in August 1990 and sued Ride & Show Engineering, Inc. for failing to properly design the ride. Throughout 1991 and early 1992, Universal attempted to refurbish the effects of the ride for an eventual re-opening, but with no success. Some reports leaked that the high-tech electronics used in the sharks were damaged due to inadequate waterproofing.
<Goodreads>	Goodreads is an American social cataloging website and a subsidiary of Amazon that allows individuals to search its database of books, annotations, quotes, and reviews. Users can sign up and register books to generate library catalogs and reading lists. They can also create their own groups of book suggestions, surveys, polls, blogs, and discussions. The website's offices are located in San Francisco.Goodreads was founded in December 2006 and launched in January 2007 by Otis Chandler and Elizabeth Khuri Chandler. In December 2007, the site had 650,000 members and 10,000,000 books had been added. By July 2012, the site reported 10 million members, 20 million monthly visits, and thirty employees. On March 28, 2013, Amazon announced its acquisition of Goodreads, and by July 23, 2013, Goodreads announced their user base had grown to 20 million members.By July 2019, the site had 90 million members.
<Lev_Landau>	Lev Davidovich Landau (Russian: Лев Дави́дович Ланда́у; 22 January 1908 – 1 April 1968) was a Soviet physicist of Jewish descent who made fundamental contributions to many areas of theoretical physics.His accomplishments include the independent co-discovery of the density matrix method in quantum mechanics (alongside John von Neumann), the quantum mechanical theory of diamagnetism, the theory of superfluidity, the theory of second-order phase transitions, the Ginzburg–Landau theory of superconductivity, the theory of Fermi liquids, the explanation of Landau damping in plasma physics, the Landau pole in quantum electrodynamics, the two-component theory of neutrinos, and Landau's equations for S matrix singularities. He received the 1962 Nobel Prize in Physics for his development of a mathematical theory of superfluidity that accounts for the properties of liquid helium II at a temperature below 2.17 K (−270.98 °C).
<Ann_Druyan>	Ann Druyan (/ˈdriːæn/ DREE-ann; born June 13, 1949) is an Emmy and Peabody Award-winning American documentary producer and director specializing in the communication of science.  She co-wrote the 1980 PBS documentary series Cosmos, hosted by Carl Sagan, whom she married in 1981. She is the creator, producer, and writer of the 2014 sequel, Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey and its sequel series, Cosmos: Possible Worlds, as well as the book of the same name. She directed episodes of both series.In the late 1970s, she became the Creative Director of NASA's Voyager Interstellar Message Project, which produced the golden discs affixed to both the Voyager 1 and Voyager 2 spacecraft. She also published a novel, A Famous Broken Heart, in 1977, and later co-wrote several best selling non-fiction books with Sagan.
<John_Wilson_Moore>	John Wilson Moore (November 1, 1920 – March 30, 2019) was an American biophysicist who pioneered the emergent power of computers, beginning in the 1950s, to reveal how signals are generated, integrated, and then travel in neurons. He is well known for his discovery (with Toshio Narahashi), that the puffer fish toxin tetrodotoxin causes death by blocking the sodium ion channels that are responsible for nerve activity. Moore was emeritus professor of Neurobiology at Duke University Medical School where he had been a member of the faculty since 1961. Moore's NEURON simulator software, begun with and now carried forward by Michael Hines, is used worldwide. Moore received the Cole Award of the Biophysical Society in 1981.Moore was born in November 1920 in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, where his father was superintendent of the Winston-Salem public schools. He studied physics at Davidson College and entered a graduate program in physics at the University of Virginia in 1941. The day after Pearl Harbor he suddenly discovered he had been working on the project of developing a centrifuge to separate isotopes of uranium for the Manhattan Project. A second war project assignment, making an automated director for ships' guns using radar, awakened his interest in feedback systems that ultimately shaped his professional undertakings.His first appointment was at RCA where he was heavily influenced by Art Vance, who among other inventions designed the operational amplifier that Moore later introduced into neurophysiology equipment.  As his interests began to turn towards applying physics to biological problems, he joined the faculty at the Medical College of Virginia, and then the lab of Kenneth Stewart Cole, at the Naval Medical Research Institute and later the NIH. Moore became one of the earliest adopters of the voltage clamp technique, which Cole had invented and had shown to Alan Hodgkin and Andrew Huxley who had used it to solve the problem of the action potential.  Moving to Duke in 1961, Moore improved the voltage clamp, attracting collaborators from different universities and countries who brought him neurotoxins such as tetrodotoxin and red tide toxin to test on nerve axons. Much of this work was carried out on squid giant axons at the Marine Biological Laboratory in Woods Hole, MA, where he spent summers until his death.
<Tamworth_F.C.>	Tamworth Football Club is an English association football club based in Tamworth, Staffordshire. The club participates in the Southern League Premier Division Central.The club was formed in 1933 after the previous Tamworth club, Tamworth Castle, ceased to exist.  After playing in the Birmingham Combination and West Midlands (Regional) League, the team reached the Southern League in 1972, but subsequently fell on hard times and returned to lower-level football.  In 1989 Tamworth returned to the Southern League and a year later won the FA Vase.  Tamworth reached the final of the FA Trophy in 2003 and in the same season won promotion to the Football Conference, going on to spend four seasons at the highest level of non-League football before being relegated to the Conference North.  In 2009 the club gained promotion back to the Conference Premier, and spent five seasons at that level before being relegated.  Further relegation in 2018 took the club back to the Southern League.
<Nancy_Meyers>	Nancy Jane Meyers (born December 8, 1949) is an American filmmaker. She has written, produced, and directed many critically and commercially successful films including Private Benjamin (1980), Irreconcilable Differences (1984), Baby Boom (1987), Father of the Bride (1991), Father of the Bride Part II (1995), The Parent Trap (1998), What Women Want (2000), Something's Gotta Give (2003), The Holiday (2006), It's Complicated (2009), and The Intern (2015).Meyers was nominated for an Academy Award for best screenwriting for Private Benjamin (1980) with Charles Shyer and Harvey Miller.
<James_Cruze>	James Cruze (born James Cruze Bosen; March 27, 1884[citation needed] – August 3, 1942) was a silent film actor and film director.Cruze's middle name came from the battle of Vera Cruz. He was raised in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, but did not practice the religion after his teenage years. Very little is certain about his childhood and teen years because he told a different story at every interview he granted.
<Matthew_Upson>	Matthew James Upson (born 18 April 1979) is an English former professional footballer who played as a centre back. Upson played for England at full international level including at the 2010 World Cup.Upson started his career with Bedfordshire club Luton Town before he joined Premier League club Arsenal for a fee of £2 million in May 1997. Upson struggled to force his way into the first team at Highbury making 57 appearances in 6 seasons and also spent time out on loan at Nottingham Forest, Crystal Palace and Reading.
<St._Louis>	St. Louis (/seɪnt ˈluːɪs, sənt ˈluːɪs/) is the second-largest city in Missouri, United States. It sits near the confluence of the Mississippi and the Missouri Rivers. In 2020, the city proper had a population of 301,578, while the bi-state metropolitan area, which extends into Illinois, had an estimated population of over 2.8 million, making it the largest metropolitan area in Missouri and the second-largest in Illinois.Before European settlement, the area was a regional center of Native American Mississippian culture. St. Louis was founded on February 14, 1764, by French fur traders Gilbert Antoine de St. Maxent, Pierre Laclède and Auguste Chouteau, who named it for Louis IX of France. In 1764, following France's defeat in the Seven Years' War, the area was ceded to Spain. In 1800, it was retroceded to France, which sold it three years later to the United States as part of the Louisiana Purchase; the city was then the point of embarkation for the Corps of Discovery on the Lewis and Clark Expedition. In the 19th century, St. Louis became a major port on the Mississippi River; from 1870 until the 1920 census, it was the fourth-largest city in the country. It separated from St. Louis County in 1877, becoming an independent city and limiting its political boundaries. In 1904, it hosted the Louisiana Purchase Exposition and the Summer Olympics.
<Theodore_von_Karman_Medal>	The Theodore von Karman Medal in Engineering Mechanics is awarded annually to an individual in recognition of his distinguished achievement in engineering mechanics, applicable to any branch of civil engineering. This award was established and endowed in 1960 in honor of Theodore von Kármán by the Engineering Mechanics Division of the American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE).Source: ASCE
<Łódź>	Łódź, also rendered in English as Lodz, is a city in central Poland and a former industrial centre. It is the capital of Łódź Voivodeship, and is located approximately 120 km (75 mi) south-west of Warsaw. The city's coat of arms is an example of canting, as it depicts a boat (łódź in Polish), which alludes to the city's name. As of 2022, Łódź has a population of 670,642 making it the country's fourth largest city.Łódź was once a small settlement that first appeared in 14th-century records. It was granted town rights in 1423 by Polish King Władysław II Jagiełło and it remained a private town of the Kuyavian bishops and clergy until the late 18th century. In the Second Partition of Poland in 1793, Łódź was annexed to Prussia before becoming part of the Napoleonic Duchy of Warsaw; the city joined Congress Poland, a Russian client state, at the 1815 Congress of Vienna. The Second Industrial Revolution (from 1870) brought rapid growth in textile manufacturing and in population owing to the inflow of migrants, notably Germans and Jews. Ever since the industrialization of the area the city has struggled with multinationalism and social inequalities, as documented in the novel The Promised Land by Nobel Prize–winning author Władysław Reymont. The contrasts greatly reflected on the architecture of the city, where luxurious mansions coexisted with red-brick factories and dilapidated tenement houses.
<Mike_Hookem>	Michael Hookem (born  9 October 1953) is a British politician who served as Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for Yorkshire and the Humber from 2014 to 2019.A former member of the UK Independence Party (UKIP), Hookem served as UKIP's Deputy Leader under Gerard Batten from February 2018 until his resignation in May 2019 to run for the leadership. He also served as Spokesperson for Fisheries and Veterans Affairs from 2016 to 2019, and as Spokesperson for Defence in 2019 and previously from 2014 to 2016.
<Jean-Baptiste_Bethune>	Jean-Baptiste Bethune {April 25, 1821 - June 18, 1894) was a Belgian architect, artisan and designer who played a pivotal role in the Belgian and Catholic Gothic Revival movement. He was called by some the "Pugin of Belgium", with reference to the influence on Bethune of the English Gothic Revival architect and designer, Augustus Pugin.Jean Bethune was the eldest son of baron Felix Bethune, a textile merchant in Kortrijk and his wife, Julie de Renty (1791-1856), from Lille. His family was Flemish of French origin. He and his relatives were fervent Catholics, and many were active in politics and civil service. The family which was originally called "Bethune" was in 1845 granted nobility by the Belgian King and added the preposition "de" (some of them took the name "de Béthune-Sully"), in the 20th century, to underline their noble status. However, this great architect never used the particule.
<Curtis_T._McMullen>	Curtis Tracy McMullen (born May 21, 1958) is an American mathematician who is the Cabot Professor of Mathematics at Harvard University.  He was awarded the Fields Medal in 1998 for his work in complex dynamics, hyperbolic geometry and Teichmüller theory.McMullen graduated as valedictorian in 1980 from Williams College and obtained his PhD in 1985 from  Harvard University, supervised by Dennis Sullivan.  He held post-doctoral positions at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, the Mathematical Sciences Research Institute, and the Institute for Advanced Study, after which he was on the faculty at Princeton University (1987–1990) and the University of California, Berkeley (1990–1997), before joining Harvard in 1997.McMullen was chair of the Harvard Mathematics Department from 2017 to 2020. He was the doctoral advisor of Maryam Mirzakhani who won the Fields Medal as the first female in history.McMullen received the Salem Prize in 1991 and won the Fields Medal in 1998 at the International Congress of Mathematicians (ICM) in Berlin. At the 1990 ICM in Kyoto he was an Invited Speaker. He was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 2004, elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 2007, and received the Humboldt Research Award in 2011.
<Conor_Clifford>	Conor Paul Clifford (born 1 October 1991) is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for League of Ireland First Division club Bray Wanderers. He is a former Republic of Ireland youth international and has represented them at under-17, under-19, and under-21 level. He has been called into the senior Ireland squad but is yet to play.Clifford began his career with Cherry Orchard and Crumlin United, and played in the Dublin District Schoolboys League in Ireland.
<Daniel_C._Drucker>	Daniel Charles Drucker (June 3, 1918 – September 1, 2001) was American civil and mechanical engineer and academic, who served as president of the Society for Experimental Stress Analysis (now Society for Experimental Mechanics) in 1960–1961, as president of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers in the year 1973–74, and as president of the American Academy of Mechanics in 1981–82.Drucker was known as an authority on the theory of plasticity in the field of applied mechanics. His key contributions to the field of plasticity include the concept of material stability described by the Drucker stability postulates and the Drucker–Prager yield criterion.Drucker was born in New York City. His father Moses Abraham Drucker was a civil engineer, and Drucker wanted to follow in his footsteps.
<Bristol_City_F.C.>	Bristol City Football Club is a professional football club based in Bristol, England, which compete in the EFL Championship, the second tier of English football. They have played their home games at Ashton Gate since moving from St John's Lane in 1904. The club's home colours are red and white, and their nickname is The Robins—a robin featured on the club's badge from 1976 to 1994 and from 2019 onwards. Their main rivals are Bristol Rovers, with whom they contest the Bristol derby, and Cardiff City, with whom they contest the cross-border Severnside derby.Founded in 1894, the club competed in the Southern League and Western League, being crowned Western League champions in 1897–98. They were admitted into the Football League in 1901 and won the Second Division in 1905–06. They finished second in the First Division the following season, three points behind champions Newcastle United, and went on to lose to Manchester United in the 1909 FA Cup final. Relegated in 1911, they dropped to the third tier in 1922, though would claim the Third Division South title in 1922–23 and again in 1926–27. They were returned to the third tier in 1932, remaining there until they won the Third Division South again in 1954–55. Having been relegated in 1960, Bristol City won promotion from the third tier in 1964–65 and then from the second tier in 1975–76. They played four seasons in the top-flight before being relegated in three consecutive seasons by 1982.
<Turgut_Özal>	Halil Turgut Özal (Turkish pronunciation: [tuɾˈɡut øˈzɑɫ]; 13 October 1927 – 17 April 1993) was a Turkish politician, who served as the 8th President of Turkey from 1989 to 1993. He previously served as the 26th Prime Minister of Turkey from 1983 to 1989 as the leader of the Motherland Party. He was the Deputy Prime Minister of Turkey in the military government of Bülend Ulusu between 1980 and 1982.After working briefly at the World Bank in the United States and as a university lecturer, Özal became the general secretary and later the leader of the main miners' trade union of Turkey in 1979, serving as a chief negotiator during large-scale industrial action in 1977. He unsuccessfully stood for Parliament in the 1977 general election as a National Salvation Party (MSP) candidate from İzmir. In 1979, he became an undersecretary to Prime Minister Süleyman Demirel's minority government until the 1980 military coup. As an undersecretary, he played a major role in developing economic reforms, known as the '24 January decisions,' which paved the way for greater neoliberalism in the Turkish economy. After the coup, he was appointed as the Deputy Prime Minister of Turkey responsible for the economy in Bülend Ulusu's government and continued to implement economic reforms. He resigned in 1982 following disagreements over economic policy.
<Juan_Sordo_Madaleno>	Juan Sordo Madaleno (October 1916, Mexico City – 12 March 1985, Idem) was a Mexican architect.Sordo Madaleno was one of the most important Mexican architects of his era. He worked with other renowned architects, including Luis Barragán, Jose Villagran Garcia, Augusto H. Álvarez, Ricardo Legorreta, Francisco J. Serrano and José Adolfo Wiechers.Architecturally, he settled initially in the Bauhaus style and influence of Le Corbusier. He designed especially hotels and residential buildings.
<Simon_Conway_Morris>	Simon Conway Morris FRS (born 1951) is an English palaeontologist, evolutionary biologist, and astrobiologist known for his study of the fossils of the Burgess Shale and the Cambrian explosion. The results of these discoveries were celebrated in Stephen Jay Gould's 1989 book Wonderful Life. Conway Morris's own book on the subject, The Crucible of Creation (1998), however, is critical of Gould's presentation and interpretation.Conway Morris, a Christian, holds to theistic views of biological evolution. He has held the Chair of Evolutionary Palaeobiology in the Department of Earth Sciences, University of Cambridge since 1995.
<Mikhail_Shifman>	Lilienfeld Prize (2006)Chaires Blaise Pascal (2007)Pomeranchuk Prize (2013)Dirac Medal (2016)  Elected to the National Academy of Sciences (2018)Mikhail "Misha" Arkadyevich Shifman (Russian: Михаи́л Арка́дьевич Ши́фман; born 4 April 1949) is a theoretical physicist (high energy physics), formerly at Institute for Theoretical and Experimental Physics, Moscow, currently[update] Ida Cohen Fine Professor of Theoretical Physics, William I. Fine Theoretical Physics Institute, University of Minnesota.Shifman is known for a number of basic contributions to quantum chromodynamics, the theory of strong interactions, and to understanding of supersymmetric gauge dynamics. The most important results due to M. Shifman are diverse and include (i) the discovery of the penguin mechanism in the flavor-changing weak decays (1974); (ii) introduction of the gluon condensate and development of the SVZ sum rules relating properties of the low-lying hadronic states to the vacuum condensates (1979); (iii) introduction of the invisible axion (1980) (iv) first exact results in supersymmetric Yang-Mills theories (NSVZ beta function, gluino condensate,1983–1988); (v) heavy quark theory based on the operator product expansion (1985–1995); (vi) critical domain walls (D-brane analogs) in super-Yang-Mills (1996); (vii) non-perturbative (exact) planar equivalence between super-Yang-Mills and orientifold non-supersymmetric theories (2003); (viii) non-Abelian flux tubes and confined monopoles (2004 till present). His paper with A. Vainshtein and Zakharov on the SVZ sum rules is among the all-time top cited papers in high-energy physics.
<Ichirō_Ozawa>	Ichirō Ozawa (小沢一郎, Ozawa Ichirō, born 24 May 1942) is a Japanese politician and has been a member of the House of Representatives since 1969, representing the Iwate 3rd district (Iwate 2nd district prior to the 1996 general election and Iwate 4th district prior to the 2017 general election). He is often dubbed the "Shadow Shōgun" due to his back-room influence.He was initially a member of the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP), serving as its secretary general from 1989 to 1991. He left the LDP in 1993 and subsequently served as head of a number of other political parties, first by co-founding the Japan Renewal Party with Tsutomu Hata, which formed a short-lived coalition government with several other parties opposed to the LDP. Ozawa later served as president of the opposition New Frontier Party from 1995 to 1997, president of the Liberal Party from 1998 to 2003 (which was part of a coalition government with the LDP of Keizō Obuchi from 1999 to 2000), president of the opposition Democratic Party of Japan (DPJ) from 2006 to 2009 and secretary-general of the DPJ in government from 2009 to 2010.
<Mikhail_Chumakov>	Mikhail Petrovich Chumakov (Russian: Михаи́л Петро́вич Чумако́в) (November 14, 1909 – June 11, 1993) was a Soviet microbiologist and virologist most famous for conducting pivotal large-scale clinical trials that led to licensing of the Oral Polio Vaccine (OPV) developed by Albert B. Sabin.Chumakov graduated in 1931 from Moscow State University Medical School that was later transformed into I.M. Sechenov Moscow Medical Academy. In 1937 Chumakov participated in a scientific expedition to Khabarovsk region of Soviet Far East that was led by Professor Lev A. Zilber. Together with his colleagues he discovered the etiology of a new transmissible neurological disease called tick-borne encephalitis (TBE) and isolated the virus that causes it. He was accidentally infected with the virus and developed encephalitis that led to a permanent loss of hearing and paralysis of the right arm. For this discovery he was awarded Stalin Prize of First Degree in Science and Technology in 1941. In 1948 Chumakov became a corresponding member, and in 1960 a full member of Academy of Medical Sciences of the USSR. Beginning in the 1940s Chumakov organized multiple medical expeditions to Siberia and other regions of the Soviet Union to investigate outbreaks caused by new viruses. Among viruses discovered and studied by Chumakov are Omsk hemorrhagic fever and Kemerovo fever viruses, hantavirus causing renal syndrome, Crimean-Congo Hemorrhagic Fever virus, and many others.  From 1950 he was the Director of the Ivanovsky Institute of Virology in Moscow. In 1952 as a part of the anti-Semitic campaign in the Soviet Union known as Doctors' plot he was removed from the Ivanovsky Institute for refusal to fire Jewish associates. In 1955 he organized a new research institute near Moscow to work on vaccines against poliomyelitis. His work on vaccines against poliomyelitis was done in close collaboration with American scientists including Jonas Salk and Albert Sabin.  In 1958-1959 he and his wife Marina Voroshilova organized the first mass production and clinical trials of Oral Poliovirus Vaccine (OPV) made from live attenuated strains developed by Albert Sabin. This made the Soviet Union the first country to develop, produce, license and widely use this highly effective vaccine that practically eliminated poliomyelitis from the country in the first few years of its use. The vaccine produced by Chumakov's Institute was exported into more than 60 countries, and was instrumental in stopping large outbreaks of poliomyelitis in Eastern Europe and Japan. The success of the Russian clinical trials was critical to OPV licensing in the United States in 1962, and the vaccine becoming the main tool used in global poliomyelitis eradication campaign. Chumakov also created a number of other human and veterinarian vaccines, including inactivated vaccine against TBE, measles, influenza and vaccine against Canine distemper virus that is widely used to protect farmed fur animals. Chumakov published more than 960 research papers, scholarly articles and books.Chumakov held an Honoris Causa degree from Academia Leopoldina in Germany and was an Honorary member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences. He also was an honorary member of Medical Societies and Academies of several other countries. After Chumakov's death, the Institute that he founded was renamed in his honor as M.P.Chumakov Institute of Poliomyelitis and Viral Encephalitides of the Russian Academy of Medical Sciences. In 2016 the Institute and its vaccine manufacturing facility were reorganized into M.P. Chumakov Center for Research and Development of Biological Products of the Russian Academy of Sciences. A main-belt asteroid 5465 Chumakov discovered by Lyudmila Georgievna Karachkina was also named in his honor.
<Alexei_Starobinsky>	Alexei Alexandrovich Starobinsky (Russian: Алексе́й Алекса́ндрович Староби́нский; born 19 April 1948) is a Soviet and Russian astrophysicist and cosmologist. He received the Kavli Prize in Astrophysics  "for pioneering the theory of cosmic inflation", together with Alan Guth and Andrei Linde in 2014.Starobinsky is a former student of Yakov Zeldovich at Moscow State University from where he earned a bachelor's degree in 1972. In 1975, he earned a PhD degree from the Landau Institute for Theoretical Physics of the Russian Academy of Sciences and is now a senior scientist at the institute. From 1990 to 1997, he headed the department of gravitation and cosmology and, from 1999 to 2003, he was the institute's deputy director.
<Lars_Ahlfors>	Lars Valerian Ahlfors (18 April 1907 – 11 October 1996) was a Finnish mathematician, remembered for his work in the field of Riemann surfaces and his text on complex analysis.Ahlfors was born in Helsinki, Finland. His mother, Sievä Helander, died at his birth. His father, Axel Ahlfors, was a professor of engineering at the Helsinki University of Technology. The Ahlfors family was Swedish-speaking, so he first attended the private school Nya svenska samskolan where all classes were taught in Swedish. Ahlfors studied at University of Helsinki from 1924, graduating in 1928 having studied under Ernst Lindelöf and Rolf Nevanlinna. He assisted Nevanlinna in 1929 with his work on Denjoy's conjecture on the number of asymptotic values of an entire function.In 1929 Ahlfors published the first proof of this conjecture, now known as the Denjoy–Carleman–Ahlfors theorem. It states that the number of asymptotic values approached by an entire function of order ρ along curves in the complex plane going toward infinity is less than or equal to 2ρ.He completed his doctorate from the University of Helsinki in 1930.
<Bright_House_Networks>	Bright House Networks, LLC also simply known as Bright House, was an American telecom company. Prior to its purchase by Charter Communications, it was the tenth-largest multichannel video service provider and the 6th largest cable internet provider (based on coverage) in the United States. The company served more than 2.2 million customers.Bright House Networks' primary service offerings included digital television, high-speed internet, home security and automation and voice services.Bright House Networks also owned and operated two 24-hour local news operations; Central Florida News 13 serving the Orlando area, and Bay News 9 serving the Tampa Bay area.
<Augusta,_Georgia>	Augusta (/əˈɡʌstə/ ə-GUSS-tə), officially Augusta–Richmond County, is a consolidated city-county on the central eastern border of the U.S. state of Georgia. The city lies across the Savannah River from South Carolina at the head of its navigable portion. Georgia's third-largest city after Atlanta and Columbus, Augusta is located in the Fall Line section of the state.According to the U.S. Census Bureau, Augusta–Richmond County had a 2020 population of 202,081, not counting the unconsolidated cities of Blythe and Hephzibah. It is the 116th largest city in the United States. The process of consolidation between the City of Augusta and Richmond County began with a 1995 referendum in the two jurisdictions. The merger was completed on July 1, 1996. Augusta is the principal city of the Augusta metropolitan area. In 2020 it had a population of 611,000, making it the second-largest metro area in the state. It is the 95th largest metropolitan area in the United States.
<Tina_Lenert>	Tina Lenert (born June 6, 1948) is an American magician, mime and harpist. She has performed worldwide and is known for combining elements of pantomime and magic. For many years she has been a regular performer at the world-famous Magic Castle in Hollywood, where she has been voted Stage Magician of the Year by the Academy of Magical Arts.Lenert grew up in Caracas, Venezuela. Her father was a geologist working for a United States oil company and at a young age her family moved to Malibu, California. She learned how to play electric guitar in high school as part of the short lived female rock band, the Leftovers. Shortly after high school, she began her career as a classical guitarist, and upon completing college studies as a performance major, abandoned the instrument and achieved success as a mime (she was a founding member of the L. A. Mime Company ) and then as an award-winning magician. Lenert combined mime and magic to create the fantasy magic  act she is famous for today, Mopman.Lenert lives in Pasadena, California with her husband Mike Caveney, a magician and magic historian. The couple married on April 22, 1977.
<Cynthia_Rhodes>	Cynthia Rhodes (born November 21, 1956) is a retired American actress, singer and dancer. Her film roles include Tina Tech in Flashdance (1983), Jackie in Staying Alive (1983), officer Karen Thompson in Runaway (1984), and Penny in Dirty Dancing (1987).Born in Nashville, Tennessee, Rhodes began her show business career working at Opryland USA as a singer and dancer while attending Glencliff High School[citation needed] during the 1970s. Raised in a Baptist family, Rhodes tried to maintain a clean-cut image in her acting roles and in the media, turning down scripts that required nudity and refusing offers to pose for pictorials in Playboy magazine. Sylvester Stallone, the director of Staying Alive, stated that Rhodes "would sooner quit the business before doing anything to embarrass her parents."
<Catherine_Hakim>	Catherine Hakim (born 30 May 1948) (Arabic: كاترين حكيم) is a British sociologist who specialises in women's employment and women's issues. She is known for developing the preference theory, for her work on erotic capital and more recently for a sex-deficit theory. She is currently a Professorial Research Fellow at the Institute for the Study of Civil Society (Civitas), and has formerly worked in British central government and been a senior research fellow at the London School of Economics and the Centre for Policy Studies. She has also been a visiting professor at the Social Science Research Center Berlin.Born in Beirut, Hakim  grew up in the Middle East and moved to the United Kingdom for boarding school at age 16, around 1964. She earned a B.A. at the University of Sussex in 1969 and a Ph.D. in sociology at the University of Essex in 1974. She worked in Caracas, Venezuela 1969–1972 and as a research officer with the Tavistock Institute in London 1972–1974. She was a senior research officer with the British Office of Population Censuses and Surveys (now the Office of National Statistics) 1974–1978, and a principal research officer with the Department of Employment 1978–1989. She was professor of sociology at the University of Essex and director of the ESRC Data Archive 1989–1990. She was affiliated with the London School of Economics between 1993 and 2011; she became a Morris Ginsberg fellow in 1993 and was employed as a senior research fellow in the sociology department until 2003. From 2003 to 2011 she was affiliated with the LSE in a visiting capacity; she maintained an office at the institution and was listed as a senior research fellow in the sociology department at the LSE website until 2011, when the arrangement came to an end amid public discussion of her book Honey Money. Since 2011 she has been a Professorial Research Fellow at the Centre for Policy Studies and the Institute for the Study of Civil Society (Civitas), and a visiting professor at the Social Science Research Center Berlin.
<Hank_Azaria>	Henry Albert Azaria (/əˈzɛəriə/ ə-ZAIR-ee-ə; born April 25, 1964) is an American actor, comedian, and writer. He is known for voicing many characters in the animated sitcom The Simpsons (1989–present), most notably Moe Szyslak, Chief Wiggum, Comic Book Guy, Snake Jailbird, and formerly Apu Nahasapeemapetilon, Lou, Carl Carlson, and Bumblebee Man, among others. He joined the show with little voice acting experience, but became a regular in its second season, with many of his performances on the show being based on famous actors and characters. For his work, he has won six Emmy Awards and a Screen Actors Guild Award.Azaria is also known for his live-action roles in feature films such as The Birdcage (1996), Godzilla (1998), Mystery Men (1999), America's Sweethearts (2001), Shattered Glass (2003), Along Came Polly (2004), Run Fatboy Run (2007), Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian (2009), The Smurfs (2011), and The Smurfs 2 (2013). He starred as the title character in Brockmire (2017–2020) and had recurring roles on the television series Mad About You and Friends, as the title character in the drama series Huff (2004–2006), and appeared in the popular stage musical Spamalot, for which he received a nomination for the Tony Award for Best Actor in a Musical. Originally known as a comedic actor, he has also taken on more dramatic roles, including in Tuesdays with Morrie (1999) and Uprising (2001).
<CKNC-TV>	CKNC-TV was a television station in Sudbury, Ontario, Canada. The station was in operation from 1971 to 2002 as a private affiliate of CBC Television, and then continued until 2012 as a network-owned rebroadcaster of the network's Toronto affiliate CBLT.CKNC was established on October 8, 1971 by J. Conrad Lavigne, the owner of CFCL in Timmins. On the same day, the existing television station in Sudbury, CKSO, switched its affiliation to CTV. A rebroadcaster with the call sign CKNC-TV-1 went to air in Elliot Lake on the same date. That transmitter was sold to the CBC in 1982, although it continued to air CKNC's signal for the remainder of the station's existence.Until 1980, CICI and CKNC aggressively competed with each other for advertising dollars, leaving both in a precarious financial position due to the Sudbury market's relatively small size. In 1980, the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission approved the merger of the two stations, along with their co-owned stations in North Bay and Timmins, into the MCTV twinstick.
<Kurt_Russell>	Kurt Vogel Russell (born March 17, 1951) is an American actor. He began acting on television at the age of 12 in the western series The Travels of Jaimie McPheeters (1963–1964). In the late 1960s, he signed a ten-year contract with The Walt Disney Company, where he starred as Dexter Riley in films, such as The Computer Wore Tennis Shoes (1969), Now You See Him, Now You Don't (1972), and The Strongest Man in the World (1975). According to Robert Osborne of Turner Classic Movies, he became the studio's top star of the 1970s.Russell was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor – Motion Picture for his performance in Mike Nichols' Silkwood (1983). In the 1980s, he starred in several films directed by John Carpenter, including anti-hero roles such as army hero-turned-robber Snake Plissken in the futuristic action film Escape from New York (1981), its sequel Escape from L.A. (1996), the horror film The Thing (1982), and the kung-fu comedy action film Big Trouble in Little China (1986). For his portrayal of rock and roll superstar Elvis Presley in Elvis (1979), he was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Limited or Anthology Series or Movie.
<Leroy_Hood>	Leroy "Lee" Edward Hood (born October 10, 1938) is an American biologist who has served on the faculties at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech) and the University of Washington. Hood has developed ground-breaking scientific instruments which made possible major advances in the biological sciences and the medical sciences.  These include the first gas phase protein sequencer (1982), for determining the sequence of amino acids in a given protein;a DNA synthesizer (1983), to synthesize short sections of DNA;a peptide synthesizer (1984), to combine amino acids into longer peptides and short proteins;the first automated DNA sequencer (1986), to identify the order of nucleotides in DNA;ink-jet oligonucleotide technology for synthesizing DNA and nanostring technology for analyzing single molecules of DNA and RNA.The protein sequencer, DNA synthesizer, peptide synthesizer, and DNA sequencer were commercialized through Applied Biosystems, Inc. and the ink-jet technology was commercialized through Agilent Technologies.The automated DNA sequencer was an enabling technology for the Human Genome Project.  The peptide synthesizer was used in the synthesis of the HIV protease by Stephen Kent and others, and the development of a protease inhibitor for AIDS treatment.Hood established the first cross-disciplinary biology department, the Department of Molecular Biotechnology (MBT), at the University of Washington in 1992, and co-founded the Institute for Systems Biology in 2000. Hood is credited with introducing the term "systems biology", and advocates for "P4 medicine", medicine that is "predictive, personalized, preventive, and participatory." Scientific American counted him among the 10 most influential people in the field of biotechnology in 2015.
<AS_Monaco_FC>	Association Sportive de Monaco Football Club SA, commonly referred to as AS Monaco (French pronunciation: ​[ɑ.ɛs mɔnako]) or Monaco, is a professional football club based in Monaco that is member of French Football Federation (FFF) and competes in Ligue 1, the top tier of French football. Founded in 1918, the team plays its home matches at the Stade Louis II in Fontvieille.Its training center is situated in neighboring France, in la Turbie.Though based in Monaco, the club plays in the French football league system. Monaco is one of the most successful clubs in French football, having won eight league titles,  five Coupe de France trophies and one Coupe de la Ligue. The club is among the best in European football, and were runners-up in the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup in 1992 and the UEFA Champions League in 2004.
<Suchitra_Krishnamoorthi>	Suchitra Krishnamoorthi is an Indian actress, model and singer known for her works in Hindi cinema, South cinema, and Television.Suchitra was born in Mumbai, Maharashtra into a Telugu speaking family to V. Krishnamoorthi, former commissioner of income tax and Dr Sulochana Krishnamoorthi, a historian and a professor. She was married to the filmmaker Shekhar Kapur, who was 30 years elder than her; but they are now divorced.  They have a daughter named Kaveri Kapur.
<Harold_Jeffreys>	Sir Harold Jeffreys, FRS (22 April 1891 – 18 March 1989) was a British mathematician, statistician, geophysicist, and astronomer. His book, Theory of Probability, which was first published in 1939, played an important role in the revival of the objective Bayesian view of probability.Jeffreys was born in Fatfield, County Durham, England, the son of Robert Hal Jeffreys, headmaster of Fatfield Church School, and his wife, Elizabeth Mary Sharpe, a school teacher. He was educated at his father's school then studied at Armstrong College in Newcastle upon Tyne, then part of the University of Durham, and with the University of London External Programme.
<Marconi_Prize>	The Marconi Prize is an annual award recognizing achievements and advancements made in field of communications (radio, mobile, wireless, telecommunications, data communications, networks, and Internet). The prize is awarded by the Marconi Society and it includes a $100,000 honorarium and a work of sculpture. Recipients of the prize are awarded at the Marconi Society's annual symposium and gala. Occasionally, the Marconi Society Lifetime Achievement Award is bestowed on legendary late-career individuals, recognizing their transformative contributions and remarkable impacts to the field of communications and to the development of the careers of students, colleagues and peers, throughout their lifetimes. So far, the recipients include Claude E. Shannon (2000, died in 2001), William O. Baker (2003, died in 2005), Gordon E. Moore (2005), Amos E. Joel Jr. (2009, died in 2008), Robert W. Galvin (2011, died in 2011), and Thomas Kailath (2017).The Marconi Prize is awarded based on the candidate’s contributions in the following areas:
<Paul_Wesley>	Paweł Tomasz Wasilewski (Polish: ['pavɛw vaɕi'lɛfskʲi]; July 23, 1982), known professionally as Paul Wesley, is an American actor, director and producer. He is known for starring as Stefan Salvatore on the supernatural drama series The Vampire Diaries (2009–2017) as well as his role as James T. Kirk in the Paramount+ original series Star Trek: Strange New Worlds (since 2022).Paul Wesley was born in New Brunswick, New Jersey, to Polish parents Tomasz and Agnieszka Wasilewski, and grew up in Marlboro Township, New Jersey. He has one elder sister, Monika Emara (née Wasilewski), and two younger sisters, Leah and Julia.
<Susan_Maxman>	Susan A. Maxman (born 30 December 1938) is an American architect who founded a firm called Susan Maxman Architects in 1985, which she expanded to Susan Maxman & Partners Ltd in 1995. Her firm is associated with a large number of projects involving a wide spectrum of architectural services, including design of old and new buildings, restoration and rehabilitation works, master and site planning, feasibility reports, programming, historic preservation, and interior design. She was the first woman elected as president of the American Institute of Architects in 1992. Her expertise in adoption of the "principles of sustainable design" in her projects has received national appreciation, and in 2011 Maxman was nominated by President Barack Obama to the Board of Directors of the National Institute of Building Sciences.Maxman was born on 30 December 1938 in Columbus, Ohio, to Gussie Seiden of Palm Beach and Richard J. Abel of Miami Beach. Her older siblings were twin sisters. When she completed her high school studies at the Columbus School for Girls, Maxman continued her education at Smith College in Northampton, Massachusetts, graduating in two years. She married Leonard Frankel in 1958 and, subsequently, they had three children: Andrew, Thomas, and Elizabeth. In 1965 the couple commissioned Philadelphia architect Louis Sauer, to design a weekend home for them in New Jersey, an event that would be instrumental to Maxman's decision to eventually pursue architecture herself.Maxman and Frankel later divorced and she married William Maxman, father of three children from an earlier marriage. The six children lived together and were compared to the "blended family" of The Brady Bunch. With six school-age children, Maxman restarted her college education in the 1970s to qualify as an architect and enrolled as a student of Louis Kahn at the University of Pennsylvania, obtaining her Master of Architecture degree in 1977.
<Darlington_F.C.>	Darlington Football Club is an association football club based in Darlington, County Durham, England. As of the 2022–23 season, the team competes in the National League North, at the sixth tier of English football.The club was founded in 1883, and played its matches at Feethams. The club originally played in regionally organised leagues, and was one of the founding members of the Northern League in 1889. They were first admitted to the Football League when the Third Division North was formed in 1921. They won the Third Division North title in 1925, and their 15th place in the Second Division in 1926 remains their highest ever league finish. After their admission to the League, they spent most of their history in the bottom tier. They won the Third Division North Cup in 1934, their first victory in nationally organised cup competition. They reached the last 16 of the FA Cup twice, and the quarter-final of the League Cup once, in 1968. In the early 1990s they won successive titles, in the Conference National in 1990 and the Fourth Division in 1991. In 2011 they won the FA Trophy, defeating Mansfield Town 1–0 at Wembley Stadium.
<Broadway_Centrum>	Broadway Centrum was a television studio complex located in the New Manila district of Quezon City at Aurora Boulevard cor. Broadway (formerly Doña Juana Rodriguez) Avenue, Quezon City. It is currently owned by the Empire East Land Holdings, a subsidiary of Megaworld Corporation. It was previously owned by GMA Network.Since its opening, numerous television series have been broadcast live or taped at the facility, including many shows not broadcast on GMA Network. The complex houses two main studios – the Eastside and the Westside Theaters.It is a former studio of the longest-running noontime show in the Philippines, Eat Bulaga!, which lasted for 23 years.
<Steffi_Duna>	Steffi Duna (born Erzsébet Berindey; 8 February 1910 – 22 April 1992) was a Hungarian-born film actress.Born in the Eastern name order in Budapest of Czech extraction and nicknamed Stefi (Stefánia) by her friends and family, Duna started dancing at the age of nine and first attracted attention as a thirteen-year-old ballet dancer in Europe. She made her first stage appearance in dramatized fairy tales at the Children's Theater of Budapest. Initially opposed to the idea, her father sent her to the best schools in the Hungarian capital to learn dancing, and soon she had danced in most of the capitals of Europe.In 1932, she appeared on the London stage in Noël Coward's revue Words and Music as one of the four actresses to create the song "Mad about the Boy".When she came to Hollywood in 1932, Duna could not speak a word of English. She made up her mind to learn quickly. Directors advised her to stay away from her Hungarian friends to speed up her learning. Within a few years, she could speak not only English but five other languages. During the 1930s, she played a variety of nationalities. However, despite her European background, she was often cast as fiery Latin femmes fatales in films that made full use of her exotic and glamorous persona, such as La Cucaracha (1934), the first live-action short film made in three-strip Technicolor.
<Henry_Clay>	Henry Clay Sr. (April 12, 1777 – June 29, 1852) was an American attorney and statesman who represented Kentucky in both the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives. He was the seventh House speaker as well as the ninth secretary of state, also receiving electoral votes for president in the 1824, 1832, and 1844 presidential elections. He helped found both the National Republican Party and the Whig Party. For his role in defusing sectional crises, he earned the appellation of the "Great Compromiser" and was part of the "Great Triumvirate" of Congressmen, alongside fellow Whig Daniel Webster and John C. Calhoun.
<Hopperstad_Stave_Church>	Hopperstad Stave Church (Norwegian: Hopperstad stavkyrkje) is a historic parish church of the Church of Norway in the village of Vikøyri in Vik Municipality in Vestland county. It was historically the church for the Hopperstad parish in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The church is currently owned by the Society for the Preservation of Ancient Norwegian Monuments. The brown, wooden stave church was built during the 12th century. The church seats about 30 people.The stave church is assumed to have been built around the year 1130 and still stands at its original location. The church is one of the oldest stave churches still standing in Norway. The church is currently owned by the Society for the Preservation of Ancient Norwegian Monuments.There is a replica of the Hopperstad Stave Church at the Heritage Hjemkomst Center in the city of Moorhead in the state of Minnesota in the United States. It was consecrated in 1998. The replica church is part of a larger complex that includes a museum and Scandinavian heritage center.
<Ry_Nikonova>	Anna Aleksandrovna Tarshis (Russian: Анна Александровна Таршис; 25 June 1942 – 10 March 2014), better known as Ry Nikonova (Russian: Ры Никонова) or Rea Nikonova, was a Russian artist, poet, and writer. Many of her artworks are held in private and public collections throughout the world.Nikonova was a main theoretical thinker behind Transfurism movement as well as a prominent figure in mail art history. Her literary and visual works were published in Russia, Spain, US, and other countries. She was an editor of samizdat magazines Transponans and Double. She founded "Uktuss School" art movement in Yekaterinburg, Russia.RyNikonova was born Anna Aleksandrovna Tarshis on 25 June 1942 in Yeysk, which was occupied by Nazi Germany at the time. She was born into a very artistic family who saw playing piano, singing, and composing music as normal after-work entertainment. She graduated from Yekaterinburg Music College in 1961, then entered Saint Petersburg State Theatre Arts Academy in 1965. She was expelled in 1967, because her paintings were non-conformant to the communist standards of that day.
<James_McNulty_(footballer)>	Jimmy McNulty (born 13 February 1985) is a professional footballer who plays as a centre back for EFL League Two club Rochdale.Born in Runcorn, Cheshire, McNulty had trials at both Liverpool and Everton as a schoolboy before choosing to join the latter's academy set-up. McNulty then signed for Wrexham after being released. After several years at Wrexham, he became their reserve team captain. However, he made only one senior appearance for the team as a substitute for Steve Roberts against Stockport County in the Football League Trophy on 5 November 2003; Wrexham lost the game in a 5–4 defeat. In February and March 2004, after leaving Wrexham, McNulty spent five matches at Bangor City in the League of Wales.[citation needed] He joined another League of Wales side, Caernarfon Town, in summer 2004. He made 63 appearances for the club over two seasons, scoring twice, whilst also reaching the position of captain.[citation needed]
<Crafoord_Prize>	The Crafoord Prize is an annual science prize established in 1980 by Holger Crafoord, a Swedish industrialist, and his wife Anna-Greta Crafoord. The Prize is awarded in partnership between the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences and the Crafoord Foundation in Lund. The Academy is responsible for selecting the Crafoord Laureates. The prize is awarded in four categories: astronomy and mathematics; geosciences; biosciences, with particular emphasis on ecology; and polyarthritis, the disease from which Holger severely suffered in his last years.According to the Academy, "these disciplines are chosen so as to complement those for which the Nobel Prizes are awarded". Only one award is given each year, according to a rotating scheme – astronomy and mathematics; then geosciences; then biosciences. A Crafoord Prize in polyarthritis is only awarded when a special committee decides that substantial progress in the field has been made. The recipient of the Crafoord Prize is announced each year in mid-January; on Crafoord Days in April or May, the prize is presented by the King of Sweden, who also presents the Nobel Prizes at the ceremony in December. As of 2021[update] the prize money is 6,000,000 kr (or US$700,000).The inaugural laureates, Vladimir Arnold and Louis Nirenberg, were cited by the Academy for their work in the field of non-linear differential equations. As of 2022, the winners have predominantly been men. The first woman to be awarded the prize was astronomer Andrea Ghez in 2012.
<James_Goldman>	James Goldman (June 30, 1927 – October 28, 1998) was an American playwright and screenwriter. He won an Academy Award for his screenplay The Lion in Winter (1968).  His younger brother was novelist and screenwriter William Goldman.The first son of a Jewish family in Chicago, Illinois, Goldman grew up primarily in Highland Park, Illinois, a Chicago suburb. He is most noted as the author of the screenplay for The Lion in Winter (1968), for which he received an Academy Award. He also wrote the book for the Broadway musical Follies (1971), which was nominated for a Tony Award.Goldman died in 1998 from a heart attack in New York City. He had lived there for many years.
<CIÉ>	Córas Iompair Éireann (Irish Transport Company), or CIÉ, is a statutory corporation of Ireland, answerable to the Irish Government and responsible for most public transport within the republic and jointly with its Northern Ireland counterpart, the Northern Ireland Transport Holding Company for the railway service between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland. The company is headquartered at Heuston Station, Dublin. It is a statutory corporation whose members are appointed by the Minister for Transport.Since the enactment of the Transport (Re-organisation of Córas Iompair Éireann) Act, 1986 CIÉ has been the holding company for Bus Éireann, Dublin Bus and Iarnród Éireann/Irish Rail, the three largest internal transport companies in Ireland. It was originally to have operated the Luas tram system in Dublin, but that project was transferred to the newly created Railway Procurement Agency.
<Robert_Ogden_Doremus>	Robert Ogden Doremus (11 January 1824 – 22 March 1906) was a United States chemist and physician.Doremus was the son of philanthropist Sarah Platt Doremus and her merchant husband Thomas. He studied at Columbia, and graduated from New York University in 1842. Here he came under the influence of John W. Draper, and in 1843 became his assistant in the medical department of the University. This office he held for seven years, and aided Draper in many of his famous researches on light and heat. In 1847 Doremus went to Europe, continuing his chemical studies in Paris with special reference to electrometallurgy, also visiting the establishments where chemical products were manufactured.On his return to New York, in 1848, he established with Charles T. Harris a laboratory on Broadway for the purpose of giving instruction in analytical chemistry, and for making commercial analyses. He was elected professor of chemistry in the New York College of Pharmacy in 1849, and delivered the first lectures in his own laboratory. Meanwhile, he studied medicine with Abraham S. Cox, and received his degree from the medical department of the University in 1850.
<Inter_Milan>	Football Club Internazionale Milano, commonly referred to as Internazionale (pronounced [ˌinternattsjoˈnaːle]) or simply Inter, and colloquially known as Inter Milan in English-speaking countries, is an Italian professional football club based in Milan, Lombardy. Inter is the only Italian side to have always competed in the top flight of Italian football since its debut in 1909.Founded in 1908 following a schism within the Milan Cricket and Football Club (now AC Milan), Inter won its first championship in 1910. Since its formation, the club has won 33 domestic trophies, including 19  league titles, 8 Coppa Italia and 6 Supercoppa Italiana. From 2006 to 2010, the club won five successive league titles, equalling the all-time record at that time. They have won the Champions League three times: two back-to-back in 1964 and 1965 and then another in 2010. Their latest win completed an unprecedented Italian seasonal treble, with Inter winning the Coppa Italia and the Scudetto the same year. The club has also won three UEFA Cups, two Intercontinental Cups and one FIFA Club World Cup.
<Kyrgyz_National_University>	The Kyrgyz National University, named after Jusup Balasagyn (Kyrgyz: Жусуп Баласагын атындагы Кыргыз Улуттук Университети; Russian: Киргизский национальный университет имени Жусупа Баласагына), is a national university in Kyrgyzstan.Kyrgyz National University is located in the capital city of Bishkek. It is the oldest and the largest Higher Education Institution of the Kyrgyz Republic. The institution was established on 25 October 1925 as the Kyrgyz Institute of Education. Recently Kyrgyz National University started its Faculty of Medicine in collaboration with LN University, India, and has thus become the first university in Central Asia to start a Faculty of Medicine in association with an Indian university. Today the Kyrgyz National University offers a 5 year MD Physician program using the teaching platform of LN University, Bhopal, IndiaOn October 25, 1925, it was decided to open the Institute of Education. This was to solve the issue of training pedagogical personnel on the territory of the Kirghiz Autonomous Socialist Soviet Republic. In 1928, by the decision of the government of the Kirghiz Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic, the Institute of Education was transformed into the Kirghiz Central Pedagogical Technical School. In August 1929, the institution added new buildings and equipment, as well as invited specialists and teachers from other Soviet republics. On 13 January 1932, by the decision of the Council of People's Commissars of the USSR, it was transformed into the Kyrgyz State Pedagogical Institute, named after Mikhail Frunze. There were 4 faculties in the institute: physics and mathematics, biology, literature and the faculty of social sciences. The first academic year began on October 3, 1933.
<Dik_Browne>	Richard Arthur Allan Browne (August 11, 1917 – June 4, 1989) was an American cartoonist, best known for writing and drawing Hägar the Horrible and Hi and Lois.Browne attended Cooper Union and got his start at the New York Journal-American as a copy boy and later worked in the art department. He also worked as a courtroom sketch artist for the paper, covering the Lucky Luciano trial. He joined the army, producing work for the engineering unit and created Ginny Jeep, a comic strip about the Women's Army Corps.During World War II, he was assigned to draw maps and charts for an Army engineering unit, eventually rising to staff sergeant. In his spare time, he created the comic "Ginny Jeep", appearing in Army and Air Force newspapers.
<Are_You_Being_Served?>	Are You Being Served? is a British sitcom created and written by executive producer David Croft (Croft also directed some episodes) and Jeremy Lloyd, with contributions from Michael Knowles and John Chapman, for the BBC. Set in London, the show follows the misadventures and mishaps of the staff of the retail ladies' and gentlemen's clothing departments in the flagship department store of a fictional chain called Grace Brothers.The series was broadcast on the BBC for ten series, totalling 69 episodes between 8 September 1972 and 1 April 1985 – and included five Christmas specials. There was also a 1977 film, a spin-off series Grace & Favour with the same main cast in 1991–1992, and a one-off episode with a new cast in 2016. Since its original release, all 69 episodes, the pilot, the Christmas specials, the sequel and the film have been released on DVD.
<Spain_national_under-17_football_team>	The Spain national under-17 football team represents Spain in international football at this age level and is controlled by Royal Spanish Football Federation, the governing body for football in Spain.Considered one of the strongest national team in under 17 level, Spain has participated in 9 out of 14 World Cup tournaments. Spain hold the record of playing the most finals without ever winning the tournament, having finished as runners-up on four occasions.*Denotes draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
<Miss_Julie>	Miss Julie (Swedish: Fröken Julie) is a naturalistic play written in 1888 by August Strindberg. It is set on Midsummer's Eve and the following morning, which is Midsummer and the Feast Day of St. John the Baptist. The setting is an estate of a count in Sweden. Miss Julie is drawn to a senior servant, a valet named Jean, who is well-traveled and well-read. The action takes place in the kitchen of Miss Julie's father's manor, where Jean's fiancée, a servant named Christine, cooks and sometimes sleeps while Jean and Miss Julie talk.One theme of the play is Darwinism, a theory that was a significant influence on the author during his naturalistic period. This theme is stated explicitly in the preface, where Strindberg describes his two lead characters, Miss Julie and Jean, as vying against each other in an evolutionary "life and death" battle for a survival of the fittest. The character of Miss Julie represents the last of a dying aristocratic breed and serves to characterize women in modernity. Jean represents one who is clambering upwards and who is fitter to thrive because he is more adaptable in terms of the "life roles" he can take on.The play has various themes, partly because Miss Julie's actions are motivated by a range of factors and influences: her class, her desires and impulsive nature, her father, and the dynamic traumas of her family histories. In utilizing the naturalistic style, the author goes against the dominant theatrical idea that says that characters should be written with only one primary motivation.
<Bob_Thiele>	Robert "Bob" Thiele (July 27, 1922 – January 30, 1996) was an American record producer who worked on numerous classic jazz albums and record labels.Bob Thiele was born in Sheepshead Bay, Brooklyn, New York, United States, on July 27, 1922. He hosted a jazz radio show when he was 14. He also played clarinet and led a band in the New York area.  At 17, he founded the Signature label and recorded jazz musicians such as Lester Young, Erroll Garner and, in 1943, Coleman Hawkins. Signature ceased activities in the late-1940s and Thiele joined American  Decca in 1952, running its Coral subsidiary. His last wife was the singer Teresa Brewer, whom he met and produced while working for Decca in the 1950s.Thiele was head of the Impulse! Records label from 1961 to 1969 after its originator Creed Taylor left to run Verve. While at Impulse, Thiele's best known association was with John Coltrane, but he also recorded such artists as Charles Mingus, Duke Ellington, Sonny Rollins, Archie Shepp, and Albert Ayler among others. His most successful hit song, "What a Wonderful World", was co-written with George David Weiss and recorded by Louis Armstrong. According to Thiele's memoir, the recording session for the song was the scene of a major clash with ABC Records president Larry Newton, who had to be locked out of the studio after getting into a heated argument with Thiele over the song. "What a Wonderful World" was credited to George Douglas or Stanley Clayton. They are pseudonyms Thiele used, made from the names of his uncles, Stanley, Clayton, George, and Douglas.
<Trans_Corp>	PT Trans Media Corpora is an Indonesian media corporation that is a subsidiary of Trans Corp, a part of CT Corp, owned by Chairul Tanjung. Trans Media was initially founded as a subsidiary of Trans Corp, a liaison between the television network Trans TV and a network that had just taken over 55% ownership stake by CT Corp of Kompas Gramedia Group, Trans7 (formerly TV7).On December 19, 2011, Vice Governor of East Java Saifullah Yusuf inaugurated Trans Corp's office at Jalan Jimerto No 17 A, Surabaya. This place becomes representative office for Trans TV, Trans7 and Detik.com in East Java.
<Crash_Bandicoot>	Crash Bandicoot is a video game franchise originally developed by Naughty Dog as an exclusive for Sony's PlayStation console. It has seen numerous installments created by various developers and published on multiple platforms. The series consists predominantly of platform games, but also includes spin-offs in the kart racing and party game genres. The series was originally produced by Universal Interactive, which later became known as Vivendi Games; in 2007, Vivendi merged with Activision, which currently owns and publishes the franchise.The games are mostly set on the fictitious Wumpa Islands, an archipelago situated to the south of Australia where humans and mutant animals co-exist, although other locations are common. The protagonist of the series is a genetically enhanced bandicoot named Crash, whose quiet life on the Wumpa Islands is often interrupted by the games' main antagonist, Doctor Neo Cortex, who created Crash and wants him dead as he is a failed experiment. In most games, Crash must defeat Cortex and foil his plans for world domination.
<Jin_Yan>	Jin Yan (Chinese: 金焰; April 7, 1910 – December 27, 1983), also known by his English name Raymond King, was a Korean-born Chinese actor who gained fame during China's golden age of cinema, based in Shanghai. His acting talents and good looks gained him much popularity in the 1930s. He was dubbed the "Film Emperor" and the "Rudolph Valentino of Shanghai".This article about a Chinese actor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<RTL_Group>	RTL Group (for "Radio Television Luxembourg") is a Luxembourg-based international media conglomerate, with another corporate centre in Cologne, Germany. The company operates 68 television channels and 31 radio stations in Germany, France and other European countries. It also offers national streaming platforms, content productions and a range of digital services. Important segments of RTL Group are RTL Deutschland, Groupe M6, Fremantle and RTL Nederland.The company, in its present form, was established by Bertelsmann, Groupe Bruxelles Lambert (GBL) and Pearson in the year 2000. Over the years, Bertelsmann, a conglomerate based in the German city of Gütersloh, continued to increase its stake in RTL Group and currently owns just over 75% of the shares in the company after holding a stake of more than 90% in the past. RTL Group is one of a total of eight divisions of Bertelsmann: It is responsible for more than a third of its revenue and a large share of its operating profit.
<Henry_Eyring_(chemist)>	Henry Eyring (February 20, 1901 – December 26, 1981) was a Mexico-born United States theoretical chemist whose primary contribution was in the study of chemical reaction rates and intermediates.Eyring, a third-generation member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), was reared on a cattle ranch in Colonia Juárez, Chihuahua, a Mormon colony, for the first 11 years of his life. His father, Edward Christian Eyring, practiced plural marriage; Edward married Caroline Romney (1893) and her sister Emma Romney (1903), both daughters of Miles Park Romney, the great-grandfather of Mitt Romney. In July 1912, the Eyrings and about 4,200 other immigrants were driven out of Mexico by violent insurgents during the Mexican Revolution and moved to El Paso, Texas. After living in El Paso for approximately one year, the Eyrings relocated to Pima, Arizona, where he completed high school and showed a special aptitude for mathematics and science. He also studied at Gila Academy in Thatcher, Arizona, now Eastern Arizona College. One of the pillars at the front of the main building still bears his name, along with that of his brother-in-law, Spencer W. Kimball, later president of the LDS Church.By 1919, Eyring had received a state fellowship to the University of Arizona, where he received degrees in mining engineering, metallurgy, and chemistry. He subsequently pursued and received his doctoral degree in Chemistry from the University of California, Berkeley in 1927 for a thesis entitled: A Comparison of the Ionization by, and Stopping Power for, Alpha Particles of Elements and Compounds.
<Philip_Larkin>	Philip Arthur Larkin CH CBE FRSL (9 August 1922 – 2 December 1985) was an English poet, novelist, and librarian. His first book of poetry, The North Ship, was published in 1945, followed by two novels, Jill (1946) and A Girl in Winter (1947), and he came to prominence in 1955 with the publication of his second collection of poems, The Less Deceived, followed by The Whitsun Weddings (1964) and High Windows (1974). He contributed to The Daily Telegraph as its jazz critic from 1961 to 1971, with his articles gathered in All What Jazz: A Record Diary 1961–71 (1985), and edited The Oxford Book of Twentieth Century English Verse (1973). His many honours include the Queen's Gold Medal for Poetry. He was offered, but declined, the position of Poet Laureate in 1984, following the death of Sir John Betjeman.After graduating from Oxford University in 1943 with a first in English Language and Literature, Larkin became a librarian. It was during the thirty years he worked with distinction as university librarian at the Brynmor Jones Library at the University of Hull that he produced the greater part of his published work. His poems are marked by what Andrew Motion calls "a very English, glum accuracy" about emotions, places, and relationships, and what Donald Davie described as "lowered sights and diminished expectations". Eric Homberger (echoing Randall Jarrell) called him "the saddest heart in the post-war supermarket"—Larkin himself said that deprivation for him was "what daffodils were for Wordsworth". Influenced by W. H. Auden, W. B. Yeats, and Thomas Hardy, his poems are highly structured but flexible verse forms. They were described by Jean Hartley, the ex-wife of Larkin's publisher George Hartley (the Marvell Press), as a "piquant mixture of lyricism and discontent", though anthologist Keith Tuma writes that there is more to Larkin's work than its reputation for dour pessimism suggests.
<BMW_7_Series_(F01)>	The fifth generation of the BMW 7 Series consists of the BMW F01 (sedan version) and BMW F02 (long-wheelbase sedan version) full-size luxury sedans. The F01/F02 generation was produced by BMW from 2008 to 2015 and is often collectively referred to as the F01.The F01 was the first BMW vehicle to be available with a hybrid drivetrain, an 8-speed automatic transmission and a turbocharged V12 engine. It was the second 7 Series to be available with a turbocharged petrol engine (the first being the European E23 745i), and all-wheel drive (xDrive). The wheelbase was increased by 8 cm over the outgoing 7 Series. Other model codes used for this generation were F03 for the "High Security 7 Series" armoured car and F04 for the "ActiveHybrid 7" hybrid-electric model.
<The_Cat_Who_Came_for_Christmas>	The Cat Who Came for Christmas is the first book in a trilogy written by Cleveland Amory, an American author who wrote extensively about animal rights. Amory recounts his rescue and adoption of Polar Bear, a cat he featured in two future books. It was first published by Little, Brown and Company in 1987 and then in paperback by Penguin Books in 1988. Amory, a writer and animal rights activist, finds a stray cat while walking down an alley one snowy Christmas Eve. Amory takes the cat to his apartment and acclimates him to living indoors. Polar Bear meets a number of Amory's celebrity friends and acquaintances, including Cary Grant, Walter Cronkite, and George C. Scott. Amory also details his animal rights work at the time.Kirkus Reviews wrote that the book was "utterly delightful and humorous, and a treasure for anyone who's ever been 'owned by a cat.'"
<Athens>	Athens (/ˈæθɪnz/ ATH-inz; Greek: Αθήνα, romanized: Athína [aˈθina] (listen); Ancient Greek: Ἀθῆναι, romanized: Athênai (pl.) [atʰɛ̂ːnai̯]) is a coastal city in the Mediterranean and is both the capital and largest city of Greece. With a population close to four million, it is also the seventh largest city in the European Union. Athens dominates and is the capital of the Attica region and is one of the world's oldest cities, with its recorded history spanning over 3,400 years and its earliest human presence beginning somewhere between the 11th and 7th millennia BC.Classical Athens was a powerful city-state. It was a centre for the arts, learning and philosophy, and the home of Plato's Academy and Aristotle's Lyceum. It is widely referred to as the cradle of Western civilization and the birthplace of democracy, largely because of its cultural and political influence on the European continent—particularly Ancient Rome. In modern times, Athens is a large cosmopolitan metropolis and central to economic, financial, industrial, maritime, political and cultural life in Greece. In 2021, Athens' urban area hosted more than three and a half million people, which is around 35% of the entire population of Greece.[citation needed]
<Dani_Osvaldo>	Pablo Daniel "Dani" Osvaldo (Italian pronunciation: [ˈdaːni oˈzvaldo]; born 12 January 1986) is a former professional footballer who played as a forward. Born and raised in Argentina, Osvaldo represented the Italy national team internationally.Osvaldo began his career at Huracán in 2005 and the following year moved to Italy in a co-ownership deal between Serie B clubs Atalanta and Lecce, later playing in the top flight for Fiorentina and Bologna. After a loan to RCD Espanyol, he joined the Spanish club on a permanent basis before earning a return to Italy to Roma for an initial fee of €15 million in 2011. He spent two seasons at the club and was then signed by Southampton, where he spent most of his time out on loan, at Juventus, Internazionale and Boca Juniors, before joining Porto. He returned to Boca in January 2016, but was later sacked by the club in May.
<Dick_MacPherson>	Richard F. MacPherson (November 4, 1930 – August 8, 2017) or Coach Mac was an American football coach.  He served as the head coach at the University of Massachusetts Amherst from 1971 to 1977 and at Syracuse University from 1981 to 1990, compiling a career college football record of 111–73–5.  MacPherson was the head coach of the National Football League's New England Patriots from 1991 to 1992, tallying a mark of 8–24.  He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a coach in 2009.MacPherson was born on Nov. 4, 1930, in Old Town, Maine, the second youngest of 12 children. At Old Town High School, he played high school football, basketball and baseball and graduated in 1948. He enrolled at Maine Maritime Academy and then served in the U.S. Air Force from 1950-54 during the Korean War.MacPherson returned to school at Springfield College (Mass.), where he earned his bachelor’s degree in 1958. He was a center and linebacker on the football team, a member of the Chiefs’ undefeated 1956 squad and served as team captain as a senior. It was at Springfield that he met his future wife, the former Sandra Jean Moffitt, when both were sophomores. His alma mater awarded him with induction into the Springfield College Athletic Hall of Fame in 1988, and he earned entry into the State of Maine Sports Hall of Fame in 1985.
<Jeffrey_W._Greenberg>	Jeffrey Wayne Greenberg (born 1951) is an American lawyer and business executive, who was chairman and CEO of Marsh & McLennan Companies from 1999 to 2004.Greenberg was born the son of Corinne Phyllis (née Zuckerman) and Maurice R. Greenberg, the former chairman and CEO of American International Group (AIG).  He attended Choate Rosemary Hall in Connecticut. He earned a bachelor's degree from Brown University in 1973 and a JD degree from Georgetown University Law School in 1976.He began his career at Marsh & McLennan after graduation. During the September 11 attacks, 295 staff member were killed. Greenberg was then in midtown Manhattan, at the company's headquarters, with "an unobstructed view of lower Manhattan" where he winessed "smoke rising from One World Trade Center and the fireball erupt from the second tower." He then led the company's immediate response to the crisis.
<Hurd_Hatfield>	William Rukard Hurd Hatfield (December 7, 1917 – December 26, 1998) was an American actor. He is best known for having played characters of handsome, narcissistic young men, most notably Dorian Gray in the film The Picture of Dorian Gray (1945).Hatfield was born in New York City to William Henry Hatfield (died 1954), an attorney who served as deputy attorney general for New York, and his wife, Adele (née McGuire). He was educated at Columbia University, then moved to London, England, where he studied drama and began acting in theatre.He returned to America for his film debut in Dragon Seed (1944), in which he and his co-stars (Katharine Hepburn, Akim Tamiroff, Aline MacMahon, Turhan Bey) portrayed Chinese peasants, some more convincingly than others. Hatfield's second film, The Picture of Dorian Gray (1945), made him a star. As Oscar Wilde's ageless anti-hero, Hatfield received widespread acclaim for his dark good looks as much as for his acting ability. However, the actor was ambivalent about the role and his performance. "The film didn't make me popular in Hollywood," he commented later. "It was too odd, too avant-garde, too ahead of its time. The decadence, the hints of bisexuality and so on, made me a leper! Nobody knew I had a sense of humour, and people wouldn't even have lunch with me."
<Blackwater_(Isle_of_Wight)_railway_station>	Blackwater railway station was a station at Blackwater, Isle of Wight, off the south coast of England. Located in the centre of the island on the A3020 road, it was an intermediate station on the line from Newport to Sandown, which was originally operated by the Isle of Wight (Newport Junction) Railway (incorporated 1868). The station opened in 1875 and closed, along with the line itself, in 1956. A rural station whose "heyday was before the advent of the motor car", during the inter-war years it was known for its large collection of enamel advertising boards. The station survives as an enlarged private house known as Brambles. The old railway track is now a cycle track, though this diverges slightly from the course of the old railway around the station building itself.
<The_Revenant_(novel)>	The Revenant: A Novel of Revenge is a 2002 novel by American author Michael Punke, based on a series of events in  the life of American frontiersman Hugh Glass in 1823 Missouri Territory. The word "revenant" means someone who has risen from the grave to terrorize the living.The novel was later adapted as a screenplay for a  2015 feature film directed by Alejandro G. Iñárritu. The novel was republished in January 2015 in anticipation of the upcoming film release.Many of the outdoor adventures depicted in the novel are based on Punke's outdoor interests and hobbies, such as fishing and exploring the backcountry, which he enjoyed while growing up in Wyoming. Punke had originally intended to write a political novel. He started archival research and writing in 1997, and it took four years for him to complete the novel, with the long hours taking a toll on his health. Maxim reporter Walter Bonner interviewed Punke's brother who described the novel as an attempt by Punke to "write his way out of D.C. and back to the big sky country". The novel is dedicated to his high school English teacher, Roger Clark.
<Kessler_Institute_for_Rehabilitation>	Kessler Institute for Rehabilitation is a division of the Select Medical Corporation that provides physical medicine and rehabilitation programs and services. There are currently three inpatient rehabilitation facilities located throughout New Jersey. On June 1, 2010, Kessler Institute for Rehabilitation was awarded the Gallup Organization Great Workplace Award. The award is presented to the best performing workplaces in the world. Kessler Institute for Rehabilitation was one of only 25 recipients of the award. Kessler has also been ranked among the top one percent of rehabilitation hospitals by U.S. News & World Report.Kessler Institute for Rehabilitation has the following mission statement:Kessler Institute for Rehabilitation, Inc. provides comprehensive physical medicine and rehabilitation programs and services to optimize the health, function and quality of life for those we serve. We enhance the delivery of care and advance the field of rehabilitation through education, research and advocacy. We do so in a clinically effective and fiscally responsible manner.
<Francisco_Tatad>	Francisco "Kit" Sarmiento Tatad (born October 4, 1939) is a Filipino journalist and politician best known for having served as Minister of Public Information under President Ferdinand Marcos from 1969 to 1980, and for serving as a Senator of the Philippines from 1992 to 2001.Upon his appointment by President Marcos, Tatad became the youngest member of Marcos' cabinet. During his term, he announced the declaration of Martial Law on September 23, 1972, just hours before Marcos himself came on the air. While serving as cabinet secretary, he concurrently became a member of the Batasang Pambansa.During his service in the Philippines Senate, he served as Majority Floor Leader from 1996 to 1998 and again from 2000 to 2001. Another historical moment in Tatad's career came in 2001, when he was one of the 11 senators who voted against opening an envelope that had been alleged to contain incriminating evidence against then Philippine President Joseph Ejercito Estrada, inciting events that led to the EDSA Revolution of 2001.
<John_Hopkins_(writer)>	John Hopkins may refer to:
<Anil_Kakodkar>	Anil Kakodkar (born 11 November 1943) is an Indian nuclear physicist and mechanical engineer. He was the chairman of the Atomic Energy Commission of India and the Secretary to the Government of India, he was the Director of the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre, Trombay from 1996 to 2000. He was awarded the Padma Vibhushan, India's second highest civilian honour, on 26 January 2009.Apart from playing a major role in India's nuclear tests asserting sovereignty, Kakodkar champions India's self-reliance on thorium as a fuel for nuclear energy.
<San_Jose,_California>	San Jose, officially San José (/ˌsæn hoʊˈzeɪ, -ˈseɪ/; Spanish: [saŋ xoˈse]; Spanish for 'Saint Joseph'), is a major city in the U.S. state of California that is the cultural, financial, and political center of Silicon Valley and largest city in Northern California by both population and area. With a 2020 population of 1,013,240, it is the most populous city in both the Bay Area and the San Jose-San Francisco-Oakland Combined Statistical Area, which contain 7.7 million and 9.7 million people respectively, the third-most populous city in California (after Los Angeles and San Diego and ahead of San Francisco), and the tenth-most populous in the United States. Located in the center of the Santa Clara Valley on the southern shore of San Francisco Bay, San Jose covers an area of 179.97 sq mi (466.1 km2). San Jose is the county seat of Santa Clara County and the main component of the San Jose–Sunnyvale–Santa Clara Metropolitan Statistical Area, with an estimated population of around two million residents in 2018.San Jose is notable for its innovation, cultural diversity, affluence, and sunny and mild Mediterranean climate. Its connection to the booming high tech industry phenomenon known as Silicon Valley sparked Mayor Tom McEnery to adopt the city the motto of "Capital of Silicon Valley" in 1988. Major global tech companies including Cisco Systems, eBay, Adobe Inc., PayPal, Broadcom, Samsung, Acer, and Zoom maintain their headquarters in San Jose. San Jose is one of the wealthiest major cities in the world, with the third-highest GDP per capita (after Zürich and Oslo) and the fifth-most expensive housing market. It is home to the world's largest overseas Vietnamese population, a Hispanic community that makes up over 40% of the  city's residents, and historic Japanese and Portuguese neighborhoods.
<Billy_Corgan>	William Patrick Corgan Jr. (born March 17, 1967) is an American musician, singer, songwriter, and professional wrestling promoter. He is best known as the lead singer, primary songwriter, guitarist, and only permanent member of the rock band the Smashing Pumpkins. He is currently the owner and promoter of the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA).Corgan formed The Smashing Pumpkins in Chicago in 1988 along with guitarist James Iha, followed by bassist D'arcy Wretzky and drummer Jimmy Chamberlin. Strong album sales and large-scale tours propelled the band's increasing fame in the 1990s until their break-up in 2000. Corgan started a new band called Zwan, and after their demise he released a solo album, TheFutureEmbrace, in 2005 and a collection of poetry, Blinking with Fists, before reforming the Smashing Pumpkins. The new version of the band, consisting of Corgan and a revolving lineup, has released and toured new albums extensively since 2007. In October 2017, Corgan released Ogilala, his first solo album in over a decade. His latest album, Cotillions, was released on November 22, 2019.
<BMW_X5_(E53)>	The BMW E53 is the first generation BMW X5 mid-size luxury crossover SUV. The vehicle was the first SUV ever produced by BMW. It was produced between 1999 and 2006 and was replaced by the E70 X5.The E53 X5 was developed just after the acquisition of Land Rover by BMW. As such, the vehicle shares many components and designs with both the Range Rover L322 model (specifically the hill descent system and off-road engine management system) and the BMW E39 5 Series (specifically engines and electronic systems). The entire in-car entertainment system (radio function, navigation system, television and telecommunications systems) are shared with other BMWs and L322. As a result, the earlier X5 models can be upgraded with newer BMW technologies (e.g. Bluetooth phone connectivity).
<Tick,_Tick..._Boom!>	Tick, Tick... Boom! (styled as tick, tick... BOOM!) is a musical by Jonathan Larson. It tells the story of an aspiring composer named Jon, who lives in New York City in 1990. Jon is worried he has made the wrong career choice to be part of the performing arts. The story is semi-autobiographical, as stated by Larson's father in the liner notes of the cast recording – Larson had been trying to establish himself in theater since the early 1980s.Larson began to perform the piece as a solo work in 1990.  After his death in 1996, it was revised and revamped by playwright David Auburn as a three-actor piece and was premiered Off-Broadway in 2001. Since then, the show has had an Off West End production, a West End production, an American national tour, two Off-Broadway revivals, in 2014 and 2016, and numerous local and international productions.A film adaptation, directed by Lin-Manuel Miranda and starring Andrew Garfield in the lead role, was released by Netflix in November 2021. It was generally well received by critics with Garfield receiving an Academy Award nomination for his performance.
<Westinghouse_Broadcasting>	The Westinghouse Broadcasting Company, also known as Group W, was the broadcasting division of Westinghouse Electric Corporation. It owned several radio and television stations across the United States and distributed television shows for syndication.Westinghouse Broadcasting was formed in the 1920 as Westinghouse Radio Stations, Inc. It was renamed Westinghouse Broadcasting Company in 1954, and adopted the Group W moniker on May 20, 1963. It was a self-contained entity within the Westinghouse corporate structure; while the parent company was headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Westinghouse Broadcasting maintained headquarters in New York City. It kept national sales offices in Chicago and Los Angeles.Group W stations are best known for using a distinctive corporate typeface, introduced in 1963, for their logos and on-air imaging. Similarly styled typefaces had been used on some non-Group W stations as well and several former Group W stations still use it today. The Group W corporate typeface has been digitized and released freely by John Sizemore; Ray Larabie's freeware font "Anklepants" borrows heavily from the typeface and is occasionally used as a substitute. The font is also used in the video game Damnation.
<Edmond_O'Brien>	Eamon Joseph O'Brien (September 10, 1915 – May 9, 1985) was an American actor and film director. His career spanned almost 40 years, and he won one Academy Award, two Golden Globe Awards, and two stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.O'Brien was a character actor of American cinema, and performed in The Barefoot Contessa (1954) and Seven Days in May (1964), the former of which won him an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, the latter of which he received a nomination in the same category. His other notable films include The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1939), The Killers (1946), A Double Life (1947), White Heat (1949), D.O.A. (1950), The Hitch-Hiker (1953), Julius Caesar (1953), 1984 (1956), The Girl Can't Help It (1956), The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance (1962), Fantastic Voyage (1966), The Wild Bunch (1969), and The Other Side of the Wind (2018).
<Jawa_Moto>	JAWA (Czech pronunciation: [java]) is a motorcycle and moped manufacturer founded in Prague, Czechoslovakia in 1929 by František Janeček, who bought the motorcycle division of Wanderer. The name JAWA was established by concatenating the first letters of Janeček and Wanderer. In the past — especially in the 1950s — JAWA was one of the top motorcycle manufacturers and exported its 350 model to over 120 countries. The best known model was the 350 Pérák, and in the 1970s the 350 Californian. It appeared in typical black and red coloring from California to New Zealand. After 1990 a significant loss of production occurred. A successor company was formed in 1997 in Týnec nad Sázavou, continuing the name as JAWA Moto.JAWA motorcycles was resurrected in India in December 2018 by Classic Legends, which is owned by Mahindra, through a licensing deal with JAWA Moto.František Janeček started the company after working in the armament industry. Although he did not have experience with motorcycles, he was familiar with production techniques. Janeček chose between the Austrian double piston two-stroke motor of Puch, the Berlin two-stroke of Schliha, and the new Wanderer 500 cc. Janeček chose the Wanderer. Because of the collapse of the German motor industry, Wanderer had stopped production, being unable to compete with BMW.The first model was introduced on October 23, 1929. This was a 500 cc four-cycle engine with 12 kW of power (18 hp) and fuel consumption of 6 L/100 km. Although priced highly, through the first years (and several constructional fixes), this motorcycle was successful and was considered reliable.
<Timuquana_Country_Club>	Timuquana Country Club is a private golf and country club in Jacksonville, Florida. Located in Jacksonville's Ortega neighborhood, it was founded in 1923. Its golf course was originally designed by legend Donald Ross, and members have included PGA Tour professionals Steve Melnyk, David Duval and current member Jim Furyk. It has hosted various golf tournaments since its opening, including the 2002 United States Senior Men's Amateur Golf Championship, the United States Golf Association (USGA) U.S. Women's Amateur Four-Ball Championship in 2019, and is the host site for the PGA TOUR Champions Constellation Furyk & Friends starting in 2021.On May 25, 1921, a group of 50 prominent gentlemen met at the Seminole Social Club in downtown Jacksonville to consider the organization of a new club to provide a superior golf facility. They adopted the name "Timuquana," a variation of the name of the Timucua, a Native American people who once lived along the St. Johns River. Their charter was approved on February 12, 1923, and within three months, membership had grown to 185. Timuquana Country Club's first president was John L. Roe. Donald Ross, the most noted golf course architect in the United States, was engaged to design and build the course in 1923. After playing the new course, two club members suggested that additional sand traps on the fairways would enliven play, and donated them. Vic Foreman was the club's golf pro for 43 years, from 1925 to 1968.Several professional tournaments were played at Timuquana soon after the course was built, attracting the best golfers of the era, and exhibition matches featured Johnny Farrell, Walter Hagen, Gene Sarazen and Horton Smith. The course hosted the Southern Amateur championship several times, and the 1928 Florida State Amateur Tournament was won by club president Al Ulmer at Timuquana.
<Wesleyan_University>	Wesleyan University (/ˈwɛsliən/ (listen) WESS-lee-ən) is a private liberal arts university in Middletown, Connecticut. Founded in 1831 as a men's college under the auspices of the Methodist Episcopal Church and with the support of prominent residents of Middletown, the college was the first institution of higher education to be named after John Wesley, the founder of Methodism. It is now a secular institution.The college accepted female applicants from 1872 to 1909, but did not become fully co-educational until 1970. Before full co-education, Wesleyan alumni and other supporters of women's education established Connecticut College for women in 1912. Wesleyan, along with Amherst and Williams colleges, is part of "The Little Three", also traditionally referred to as the Little Ivies. Its teams compete athletically as a member of the NESCAC.Wesleyan University has distinguished alumni in the arts and sciences, literature, politics and government, business, journalism, and academia. Its alumni include 13 Pulitzer Prize winners, 14 Rhodes scholars, three Truman scholars, three Guggenheim fellows, 156 Fulbright scholars, and seven MacArthur fellows. Additionally, four Nobel laureates have been associated with the university as faculty members.
<Trouble_in_Texas>	Trouble in Texas is a 1937 American Western film directed by Robert N. Bradbury (as R.N. Bradbury) and starring Tex Ritter, his horse White Flash, Rita Hayworth (billed as "Rita Cansino") and Yakima Canutt. The supporting cast features Earl Dwire and Glenn Strange.Many Middleton Rodeo winning cowboys are murdered or disappear, one being Tex Masters' brother. Tex teams up with undercover policewoman Carmen Serano for justice and vengeance.
<Esperanza_Aguirre>	Esperanza Aguirre y Gil de Biedma (Spanish pronunciation: [espeˈɾanθa aˈɣire]; born 3 January 1952) is a Spanish politician. As member of the People's Party (PP), she served as President of the Senate between 1999 and 2002 (becoming the first female politician to have held the post), as President of the Community of Madrid between 2003 and 2012 and as Minister of Education and Culture (1996–1999). She also chaired the People's Party of the Community of Madrid between 2004 and 2016.Aguirre was born in Madrid on 3 January 1952 being the eldest daughter of José Luis Aguirre Borrell, a noted lawyer, and Piedad Gil de Biedma Vega de Seoane, the sister of the poet Jaime Gil de Biedma. She is also second cousin of the photographer Ouka Leele. She studied in the La Asunción School and in the British Council School of Madrid and earned a degree in Law at the Complutense University of Madrid in 1974. Aside from Spanish, she is reportedly fluent in English and French, has basic notions of Italian and "understands" Catalan.
<Shel_Silverstein>	Sheldon Allan Silverstein (/ˈsɪlvərstiːn/; September 25, 1930 – May 10, 1999) was an American writer, poet, cartoonist, songwriter, and playwright. Born and raised in Chicago, Illinois, Silverstein briefly attended university before being drafted into the United States Army. Though perhaps best known for his children's books, Silverstein did not limit his audience to children. During his rise to prominence in the 1950s, his illustrations were published in various newspapers and magazines, notably the adult-oriented Playboy. He also wrote a satirical, adult-oriented alphabet book, Uncle Shelby's ABZ Book, under the stylized name "Uncle Shelby", which he used as an occasional pen name.As a children's author, some of his most acclaimed works include The Giving Tree, Where the Sidewalk Ends, and A Light in the Attic. His works have been translated into more than 47 languages and have sold more than 20 million copies. As a songwriter, Silverstein wrote the 1969 Johnny Cash track "A Boy Named Sue", which peaked at number 2 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100. His songs have been recorded and popularized by a wide range of other acts including Tompall Glaser, The Irish Rovers and Dr. Hook & the Medicine Show. He was the recipient of two Grammy Awards as well as nominations at the Golden Globe Awards and Academy Awards.
<Tadamitsu_Kishimoto>	Tadamitsu Kishimoto (岸本 忠三, Kishimoto Tadamitsu, born May 7, 1939 in Tondabayashi, Osaka) is a Japanese immunologist known for research on IgM and cytokines, most famously, interleukin 6.He did postdoctoral work under Kimishige Ishizaka, the discoverer of IgE at Johns Hopkins University.He is listed by the Institute for Scientific Information (ISI) as a highly cited biologist and he is also in the top ten of h-index of living biologists.
<Catherine_Tizard>	Dame Catherine Anne Tizard ONZ GCMG GCVO DBE QSO DStJ (née Maclean; 4 April 1931 – 31 October 2021) was a New Zealand politician who served as mayor of Auckland City from 1983 to 1990, and the 16th governor-general of New Zealand from 1990 to 1996. She was the first woman to hold either office.Catherine Anne Maclean was born in Auckland on 4 April 1931 to Scottish immigrants Neil and Helen Maclean, and grew up in Waharoa, near Matamata, Waikato. Her father worked at the local dairy factory. She attended Matamata College, gaining a University Bursary in her final year, 1948. In 1949 Catherine enrolled at Auckland University College, studying zoology.
<FC_Chornomorets_Odesa>	FC Chornomorets Odesa (Ukrainian: Футбо́льний Клуб Чорномо́рець Оде́са [tʃornoˈmɔretsʲ oˈdɛsɐ]) is a Ukrainian professional football club based in Odesa.The club's home ground is the 34,164 capacity Chornomorets Stadium opened in 1935 and rebuilt in 2011. According to the club's website, it was formed in 1936 as Dynamo, but until 2002 it carried a logo with 1958 and 1959 years of foundation on its shield when the club received its current name. Moreover, the club's shield is very similar to the shield of Romanian FC Farul Constanța.
<Lucky_Dog>	Lucky Dog may refer to:
<Doubleday_(publisher)>	Doubleday is an American publishing company. It was founded as the Doubleday & McClure Company in 1897 and was the largest in the United States by 1947. It published the work of mostly U.S. authors under a number of imprints and distributed them through its own stores. In 2009 Doubleday merged with Knopf Publishing Group to form the Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group, which is now part of Penguin Random House. In 2019, the official website presents Doubleday as an imprint, not a publisher.The firm was founded as Doubleday & McClure Company in 1897 by Frank Nelson Doubleday in partnership with Samuel Sidney McClure. McClure had founded the first U.S. newspaper syndicate in 1884 (McClure Syndicate) and the monthly McClure's Magazine in 1893. One of their first bestsellers was The Day's Work by Rudyard Kipling, a short story collection that Macmillan published in Britain late in 1898. Other authors published by the company in its early years include W. Somerset Maugham and Joseph Conrad.[when?] Theodore Roosevelt, Jr. later served as a vice-president of the company.[when?]
<Florence_Eldridge>	Florence Eldridge (born Florence McKechnie, September 5, 1901 – August 1, 1988) was an American actress. She was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play in 1957 for her performance in Long Day's Journey into Night.Eldridge was born Florence McKechnie in Brooklyn, New York, the daughter of Charles J. McKechnie.  She attended public schools, including P.S. 85 and Girls' High School.
<University_of_Rochester>	The University of Rochester (U of R, UR, or U of Rochester) is a private research university in Rochester, New York. The university grants undergraduate and graduate degrees, including doctoral and professional degrees.The University of Rochester enrolls approximately 6,800 undergraduates and 5,000 graduate students. Its 158 buildings house over 200 academic majors. According to the National Science Foundation, Rochester spent more than $397 million on research and development in 2020, ranking it 66th in the nation. With approximately 28,000 full-time employees, the university is the largest private employer in Upstate New York and the 7th largest in all of New York State.
<Yuri_Manin>	Yuri Ivanovich Manin (Russian: Ю́рий Ива́нович Ма́нин; born 16 February 1937) is a Russian mathematician, known for work in algebraic geometry and diophantine geometry, and many expository works ranging from mathematical logic to theoretical physics. Moreover, Manin was one of the first to propose the idea of a quantum computer in 1980 with his book Computable and Uncomputable.Manin gained a doctorate in 1960 at the Steklov Mathematics Institute as a student of Igor Shafarevich. He is now a Professor at the Max-Planck-Institut für Mathematik in Bonn, and a professor emeritus at Northwestern University.
<Fausto_Bertinotti>	Fausto Bertinotti (born 22 March 1940) is an Italian politician who led the Communist Refoundation Party (Partito della Rifondazione Comunista) from 1994 to 2006. On 29 April 2006, after the centre-left coalition's victory in the Italian general election, he was elected President of the Chamber of Deputies, a position he held until 2008.Bertinotti was born to Enrico Bertinotti, a railroad engineer, and Rosa Bertinotti.
<Siege_of_Lucknow>	The siege of Lucknow was the prolonged defence of the British Residency within the city of Lucknow from rebel sepoys (Indian soldiers in the British East India Company's Army) during the Indian Rebellion of 1857. After two successive relief attempts had reached the city, the defenders and civilians were evacuated from the Residency, which was then abandoned.The state of Oudh/Awadh had been annexed by the British East India Company and the Nawab Wajid Ali Shah was exiled to Calcutta the year before the rebellion broke out. This high-handed action by the East India Company was greatly resented within the state and elsewhere in India. The first British Commissioner (in effect the governor) appointed to the newly acquired territory was Coverley Jackson. He behaved tactlessly, and Sir Henry Lawrence, a very experienced administrator, took up the appointment only six weeks before the rebellion broke out.
<3i>	3i Group plc is a British multinational private equity and venture capital company based in London, England. 3i is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.The company was formed in 1945, as the Industrial and Commercial Finance Corporation (ICFC), by the Bank of England and the major British banks to provide long-term investment funding for small and medium-sized enterprises.  Its foundation was inspired by the Macmillan Committee, and resulted from the recognition in the 1930s, given new impetus in the postwar era, that smaller businesses faced a gap in available corporate finance due to banks being unwilling to provide long-term capital and the companies being too small to raise capital from the public markets.
<My_Heart_Is_a_Drunken_Compass>	My Heart Is a Drunken Compass is a 2014 memoir by Domingo Martinez. Martinez's motivation for writing this memoir was to use writing as a therapeutic outlet to cope with his feelings following accidents involving his brother and ex-fiancée.This article about a memoir is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Rafi_Muhammad_Chaudhry>	Rafi Muhammad Chaudhry (Urdu:  رفیع محمد چوہدری) FPAS HI, NI, SI, Skdt (1 July 1903 – 4 December 1988) best known as R. M. Chaudhry, was a Pakistani nuclear physicist and a professor of particle physics at the Government College University. His teaching and instructions on modern physics influenced many of his student to pursue career in physics who regard him as one of the key architects of having been the pioneer of experimental nuclear physics research in Pakistanand, along with Abdus Salam and Ishrat Hussain Usmani, one of the main creators of Pakistan's nuclear weapons research program in the 1970s. Chaudhry, who served as professor of nuclear physics at Government College University, was later referred to by Dr. Samar Mubarakmand, one of his students, as "the true father of the nuclear weapons program of Pakistan".Chaudhry was born in 1903 to a middle-class Rajput family (Rao) in Kahnaur, a small village in Rohtak district of Eastern Punjab. He passed the university entrance exam with highest marks and earned a scholarship awarded by the Viceroy Rufus Isaacs, 1st Marquess of Reading. He used the scholarship to enroll as a student of chemical engineering at Aligarh University in 1923, but after taking an engineering physics course, he decided to change his focus to thermodynamics and multivariable calculus. He was successful as a physics student, earning the respect of his peers and professors.
<Classic_Empire>	Classic Empire (foaled March 21, 2014) is a retired American Thoroughbred race horse who was named the American Champion Two-Year-Old Male Horse of 2016 after winning the Breeders' Futurity Stakes and Breeders' Cup Juvenile. After several setbacks at the start of his three-year-old campaign, he won the Arkansas Derby, finished a troubled fourth in the Kentucky Derby, then second by a head in the Preakness Stakes. Classic Empire was retired due to multiple setbacks from an abscess on his right front hoof, as well as slight back problems which plagued him throughout his career. He stands stud at Ashford Stud, in Kentucky.Classic Empire is a bay colt with a white star, stripe, and snip, and a white sock on his left hind leg. He was bred by Steven and Brandi Nicholson in Kentucky. He is by Pioneerof the Nile, best known as the sire of Triple Crown winner American Pharoah. Classic Empire's dam, Sambuca Classica, was winless on the racetrack but came from distinguished bloodlines. She had already produced two stakes winners before foaling Classic Empire.As a yearling being prepared for sale, Classic Empire was described by his handlers as a "very well-bodied, medium-sized horse, he kind of stood out for folks." He was purchased for $475,000 at the Keeneland September 2015 sale as a yearling by John C. Oxley. He is trained by Mark Casse, who says that despite the colt's athleticism, his most compelling aspect is the way his mind works. "He's extremely, extremely smart. He sees things other horses don't see. We were saying this early on. It can get him in trouble sometimes."
<University_of_Oregon>	The University of Oregon (UO, U of O or Oregon) is a public research university in Eugene, Oregon. Founded in 1876, the institution is well known for its strong ties to the sports apparel and marketing firm Nike, Inc, and its co-founder, billionaire Phil Knight. UO is also known for serving as the filming location for the 1978 cult classic National Lampoon's Animal House. UO's 295-acre campus is situated along the Willamette River. The school also has a satellite campus in Portland; a marine station, called the Oregon Institute of Marine Biology, in Charleston; and an observatory, called Pine Mountain Observatory, in Central Oregon. UO's colors are green and yellow.The University of Oregon is organized into nine colleges and schools: the College of Arts and Sciences, Charles H. Lundquist College of Business, College of Design, College of Education, Robert D. Clark Honors College, School of Journalism and Communication; School of Law; School of Music and Dance; and the Graduate School. Furthermore, UO offers 316 undergraduate and graduate degree programs. Most academic programs follow the 10 week Quarter System. The university is classified among "R1: Doctoral Universities – Very high research activity" and is a member of the Association of American Universities. Since July 2014, UO has been governed by its own board of trustees.
<Aleksandar_Hemon>	Aleksandar Hemon (Serbian Cyrillic: Александар Xeмoн; born September 9, 1964) is a Bosnian-American author, essayist, critic, television writer, and screenwriter. He is best known for the novels Nowhere Man (2002) and The Lazarus Project (2008), and his scriptwriting as a co-writer of The Matrix Resurrections (2021). He frequently publishes in The New Yorker and has also written for Esquire, The Paris Review, the Op-Ed page of The New York Times, and the Sarajevo magazine BH Dani.
<Nikos_Papatakis>	Nico Papatakis (Greek: Νίκος Παπατάκης; 5 July 1918 – 17 December 2010) was an Ethiopian-born Greek filmmaker, who lived in France.Papatakis was born in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia and spent his early years between Ethiopia and Greece. In 1939, he established himself in Paris and worked as an extra in films. Eventually, he owned the famous Parisian club 'La Rose Rouge' where performers included singer Juliette Gréco. He was married to actress Anouk Aimée from 1951 to 1954 and with whom he had a daughter, Manuela Papatakis, born in 1951. He was then married to actress Olga Karlatos from 1967 to 1982, with whom he had a son, Serge Papatakis, born in 1967.
<FC_Shakhtar_Donetsk>	Football Club Shakhtar Donetsk (Ukrainian: Футбольний клуб «Шахтар» Донецьк [fʊdˈbɔlʲnɪj ˈklub ʃɐxˈtɑr doˈnɛtsʲk], short nickname "miners") is a Ukrainian professional football club from the city of Donetsk. In 2014, due to the War in Donbass, the club was forced to move to Lviv, and  had played matches in Lviv (2014–2016) and in Kharkiv (2017–2020) whilst having its office headquarters and training facilities in Kyiv. In May 2020, Shakhtar started to play home matches at NSC Olimpiyskiy in Kyiv.Shakhtar has appeared in several European competitions and is often a participant in the UEFA Champions League. The club became the first club in independent Ukraine to win the UEFA Cup in 2009, the last year before the competition was revamped as the Europa League. FC Shakhtar Donetsk is one of two Ukrainian clubs, the other being Dynamo Kyiv, who have won a major UEFA competition.
<Cruel_Romance>	Cruel Romance (Chinese: 锦绣缘华丽冒险) is a 2015 Chinese television series starring Huang Xiaoming and Joe Chen. It is based on the republican  novel The Fate of Jinxiu (锦绣缘) by Yu Yi. The series aired on Hunan TV from 3 March to 26 March 2015.The series is a commercial success, and became second highest rated television drama for the first half of 2015. It also has over 5 billion views online. Broadcasting rights of the drama were sold to America, Malaysia, Thailand, Hong Kong and Vietnam.Set in the 1930s, Rong Jinxiu (Joe Chen) was born in a renowned medical family. When her father saves her teacher Mr Chen from a gunshot wound, her entire family was killed by the Japanese. With only a piece of watch as evidence, Jin Xiu heads to Shanghai to search for her enemies. On the ferry there, she meets the famous triad leader Zuo Zhen (Huang Xiaoming) of Shanghai's Huang Pu commerce. Through some entanglement, the watch ends up with Zuo Zhen. In order to retrieve her watch, Jin Xiu heads to Bai Le dance hall to look for him. There, she meets her long-lost half-sister Yin Mingzhu (Lv Jiarong), who is currently a famous dancer and the lover of Shanghai's wealthiest businessman, Xiang Hanchuan (Tse Kwan-ho). However, Ming Zhu still harbours hatred for the Rong family because they abandoned Mingzhu and her sickly mother many years before.
<Shahnaz_Pahlavi>	Empress FarahShahnaz Pahlavi (Persian: شهناز پهلوی, born 27 October 1940) is the first child of the Shah of Iran, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, and his first wife, Princess Fawzia of Egypt.
<Albert_Riera>	Albert Riera Ortega (born 15 April 1982) is a Spanish former footballer who played as left winger but also as a left-back, currently manager of Slovenian club Olimpija Ljubljana.He made a name for himself at Espanyol (with whom he won a Copa del Rey and reached the 2007 UEFA Cup Final) and also played professionally in France, England, Greece, Turkey, Italy and Slovenia, notably spending three years with Galatasaray.
<Alfred_Shaughnessy>	Alfred James Shaughnessy (19 May 1916 – 2 November 2005) was an English scriptwriter, film director and producer best known for being the script editor of Upstairs, Downstairs.Alfred Shaughnessy was born in London, his father, the Hon Alfred Thomas Shaughnessy, having died while serving with the Canadian army in France two months before. His grandfather Thomas Shaughnessy was an American-born Canadian railway administrator, who was created Baron Shaughnessy in 1916, and his mother was a second cousin of James K. Polk, the 11th US President. He spent his early years living in Tennessee, and in 1920 his mother, Sarah Polk Bradford, married The Hon Sir Piers Legh who then became Equerry to the Prince of Wales, and the family moved to Norfolk Square in London. The family had a butler, cook, footman, two housemaids, a kitchen maid and a lady's maid. The Prince of Wales later visited the house for dinner, and he drew on this when writing the Upstairs, Downstairs episode Guest of Honour. He also often spent weekends and holidays at Lyme Park, his stepfather's ancestral home. Sir Piers Legh later became Master of the Household.
<Einstein_Prize_(APS)>	Since 2003, the Einstein Prize is a biennial prize awarded by the American Physical Society. The recipients are chosen for their outstanding accomplishments in the field of gravitational physics. The prize is named after Albert Einstein (1879-1955), who authored the theories of special and general relativity. The prize was established by the Topical Group on Gravitation at the beginning of 1999. As of 2013, the prize is valued at $10,000.
<Banca_CR_Firenze>	Banca Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze S.p.A. known as Banca CR Firenze, was an Italian savings bank. Once a listed company, the group now part of Intesa Sanpaolo since 2007.Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze (The Saving Bank of Florence) was found on 30 March 1829. The bank was the central saving bank of the Grand Duchy of Tuscany. However, some bank such as saving bank from San Miniato, had gained independent from Florence after their establishment. In 1992, due to Legge Amato, the banking operation and the ownership were separated into a società per azioni and banking foundation Ente Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze.
<Mathias_Gnädinger>	Mathias Gnädinger (25 March 1941 – 3 April 2015) was a Swiss stage and film actor.Initially a typesetter and typographer, Gnädinger began his acting training at the Bühnenstudio Zürich (now part of the Zurich University of the Arts) from 1962 to 1966.His first role in Swiss television was in 1968. He starred in Leo Sonnyboy, Das Boot ist voll, Journey of Hope and the Austrian-German-Swiss co-production Kinder der Landstrasse. Since 1988, he had worked as a freelance actor.[citation needed]
<Alberto_García_(Spanish_footballer)>	Alberto García Cabrera (born 9 February 1985) is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.Born in Barcelona, Catalonia, García made his senior debut with CF Rayo Majadahonda in 2004. He went on to represent UE Sant Andreu, Villarreal CF B, Águilas CF and UE Figueres (the last two in Segunda División B), before joining Real Murcia in the summer of 2007.
<André_Cruz>	 André Alves da Cruz (born 20 September 1968) is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a central defender. He played for several clubs in Brazil and Europe, and also represented the Brazilian national team, taking part in the 1989 and 1995 Copa América tournaments, and the 1998 FIFA World Cup, as well as the 1987 Pan American Games and the 1988 Summer Olympics.Cruz began his playing career with Brazilian clubs Ponte Preta and Flamengo, before moving to play football in Europe. He initially joined Belgian club Standard Liège, but later also played in Italy, where he represented Napoli, A.C. Milan, and Torino. He subsequently joined Portuguese side Sporting Clube de Portugal, before moving back to Brazil, where he played with Goiás and Internacional before ending his career.André Cruz made 47 appearances (12 in non-official matches) with the Brazilian national team between 1988 and 1998. With the Brazilian under-20 side, he won a gold medal at the 1987 Pan American Games in Indianapolis, and a silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul; he was a member of the Brazil senior team that won the 1989 Copa América the following year. He was included in the Brazilian team that won the 1995 Umbro Cup and which finished runners-up in the 1995 Copa América; he was later also a member of the Brazilian squad that finished runners-up in the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
<James_Franck>	James Franck (German pronunciation: [ˈdʒɛɪ̯ms ˈfʁaŋk] (listen); 26 August 1882 – 21 May 1964) was a German physicist who won the 1925 Nobel Prize for Physics with Gustav Hertz "for their discovery of the laws governing the impact of an electron upon an atom". He completed his doctorate in 1906 and his habilitation in 1911 at the Frederick William University in Berlin, where he lectured and taught until 1918, having reached the position of professor extraordinarius. He served as a volunteer in the German Army during World War I. He was seriously injured in 1917 in a gas attack and was awarded the Iron Cross 1st Class.Franck became the Head of the Physics Division of the Kaiser Wilhelm Gesellschaft for Physical Chemistry. In 1920, Franck became professor ordinarius of experimental physics and Director of the Second Institute for Experimental Physics at the University of Göttingen. While there he worked on quantum physics with Max Born, who was Director of the Institute of Theoretical Physics. His work included the Franck–Hertz experiment, an important confirmation of the Bohr model of the atom. He promoted the careers of women in physics, notably Lise Meitner, Hertha Sponer and Hilde Levi.
<Savings_Deposit_Insurance_Fund_of_Turkey>	The Savings Deposit Insurance Fund of Turkey (Turkish: Tasarruf Mevduatı Sigorta Fonu), a.k.a. TMSF in abbreviated form, is the governing body concerned with matters of fund management and insurance in the Turkish banking system.The body was founded in 1933 with the name Deposit Protection Act (Turkish: Mevduatı Koruma Kanunu). In 1960, the name was changed to Bankalar Tasfiye Fonu (Turkish: Bankalar Tasfiye Fonu). The current name was adopted in 1983.TMSF is also involved in the media industry, and owns at least one asset each for every newspaper, pay television, television and radio station. In 2013, TMSF acquired some assets from Çukurova Media Group after the company was forced to sell due to tax debts.
<Kyrylo_Petrov>	Kyrylo Petrov (Ukrainian: Кирилo Валентинович Петров, born 22 June 1990) is a Ukrainian professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Korona Kielce.This biographical article related to a Ukrainian association football midfielder born in the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Les_Demoiselles_d'Avignon>	Les Demoiselles d'Avignon (The Young Ladies of Avignon, originally titled The Brothel of Avignon) is a large oil painting created in 1907 by the Spanish artist Pablo Picasso. The work, part of the permanent collection of the Museum of Modern Art, portrays five nude female prostitutes in a brothel on Carrer d'Avinyó, a street in Barcelona, Spain. Each figure is depicted in a disconcerting confrontational manner and none is conventionally feminine. The women appear slightly menacing and are rendered with angular and disjointed body shapes. The figure on the left exhibits facial features and dress of Egyptian or southern Asian style. The two adjacent figures are shown in the Iberian style of Picasso's native Spain, while the two on the right are shown with African mask-like features. The ethnic primitivism evoked in these masks, according to Picasso, moved him to "liberate an utterly original artistic style of compelling, even savage force."In this adaptation of primitivism and abandonment of perspective in favor of a flat, two-dimensional picture plane, Picasso makes a radical departure from traditional European painting. This proto-cubist work is widely considered to be seminal in the early development of both cubism and modern art.
<Bartel_BM_1>	The Bartel BM 1 Maryla, originally Bartel M.1 was a fighter aircraft design for the Polish military that did not advance beyond the design stage. It was designed in response to a Polish War Ministry competition in 1925 and was placed third, netting Bartel a zł 1,000 prize.  Maryla was the name of Bartel's wife.   The design was a single-seat parasol-wing monoplane similar in configuration to the Nieuport-Delage sesquiplanes of the era. A distinctive feature were Y-shaped struts joining wing with an undercarriage.  It was not built.Data from Polish Aircraft 1893–1939 Bartel BM-1 "Maryla", 1925General characteristics
<Harold_Lloyd>	Harold Clayton Lloyd, Sr. (April 20, 1893 – March 8, 1971) was an American actor, comedian, and stunt performer who appeared in many silent comedy films.One of the most influential film comedians of the silent film era, Lloyd made nearly 200 comedy films, both silent and "talkies", between 1914 and 1947. His bespectacled"Glass" character was a resourceful, ambitious go-getter who matched the zeitgeist of the 1920s-era United States.
<Welwyn_Garden_City>	Welwyn Garden City (/ˈwɛlɪn/ WEL-in) is a town in Hertfordshire, England, 20 miles (32 km) north of London. It was the second garden city in England (founded 1920) and one of the first new towns (designated 1948). It is unique in being both a garden city and a new town and exemplifies the physical, social and cultural planning ideals of the periods in which it was built. Welwyn Garden City was founded by Sir Ebenezer Howard in 1920 following his previous experiment in Letchworth Garden City. Howard had called for the creation of planned towns that were to combine the benefits of the city and the countryside and to avoid the disadvantages of both. It was designed to be 'The Perfect Town'. The Garden Cities and Town Planning Association had defined a garden city as
<Sonic_Team>	Sonic Team is a video game developer owned by the Japanese video game company Sega as part of its Sega CS Research and Development No. 2 division. Sonic Team is best known for the long-running Sonic the Hedgehog series and games such as Nights into Dreams and Phantasy Star Online.The initial team, formed in 1990, comprised staff from Sega's Consumer Development division, including programmer Yuji Naka, artist Naoto Ohshima, and level designer Hirokazu Yasuhara. The team took the name Sonic Team in 1991 with the release of their first game, Sonic the Hedgehog, for the Sega Genesis. The game was a major success and contributed to millions of Genesis sales. The next Sonic games were developed by Naka and Yasuhara in America at Sega Technical Institute, while Ohshima worked on Sonic CD in Japan. Naka returned to Japan in late 1994 to become the head of CS3, later renamed R&D No. 8. During this time, the division took on the Sonic Team brand but developed games that do not feature Sonic, such as Nights into Dreams (1996) and Burning Rangers (1998).
<Charles_Goodyear_Medal>	The Charles Goodyear Medal is the highest honor conferred by the American Chemical Society, Rubber Division.  Established in 1941, the award is named after Charles Goodyear, the discoverer of vulcanization, and consists of a gold medal, a framed certificate and prize money.  The medal honors individuals for "outstanding invention, innovation, or development which has resulted in a significant change or contribution to the nature of the rubber industry".  Awardees give a lecture at an ACS Rubber Division meeting, and publish a review of their work in the society's scientific journal Rubber Chemistry and Technology.Source:
<Rachel_Griffiths>	Rachel Anne Griffiths AM (born in 1968) is an Australian actress. Raised primarily in Melbourne, she began her acting career appearing on the Australian series Secrets before being cast in a supporting role in the comedy Muriel's Wedding (1994), which earned her an AACTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role. In 1997, she was the lead in Nadia Tass's drama Amy. She had a role opposite Julia Roberts in the American romantic comedy My Best Friend's Wedding (1997), followed by her portrayal of Hilary du Pré in Hilary and Jackie (1998), for which she received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting ActressFrom 2001 to 2005, Griffiths portrayed masseuse Brenda Chenowith in the HBO series Six Feet Under, for which she earned a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in 2002 and two Primetime Emmy Award nominations. She subsequently appeared on television as Sarah Walker Laurent on the ABC drama series Brothers & Sisters from 2006 to 2011, for which she was nominated for two additional Primetime Emmy Awards.
<Leslie_Labowitz-Starus>	Leslie Labowitz-Starus is an American performance artist and urban farmer based in Los Angeles.Leslie Labowitz-Starus' work is in the permanent collection of the Hammer Museum and has been included in exhibitions at the Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles,  and the Getty Museum.Born on August 28, 1946 in Uniontown, Pennsylvania, Labowitz-Starus is the daughter of an Auschwitz survivor. She earned her MFA from Otis in 1972, then moved to Düsseldorf, Germany, as a Fulbright Scholar. In Düsseldorf, Labowitz-Starus attended the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf where she briefly interacted with Joseph Beuys (he was dismissed from his position the semester she arrived).
<James_Watson>	James Dewey Watson (born April 6, 1928) is an American molecular biologist, geneticist, and zoologist. In 1953, he co-authored with Francis Crick the academic paper proposing the double helix structure of the DNA molecule. Watson, Crick and Maurice Wilkins were awarded the 1962 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine "for their discoveries concerning the molecular structure of nucleic acids and its significance for information transfer in living material". In subsequent years, it has been recognized that Watson and his colleagues did not properly attribute colleague Rosalind Franklin for her contributions to the discovery of the double helix structure.Watson earned degrees at the University of Chicago (BS, 1947) and Indiana University (PhD, 1950). Following a post-doctoral year at the University of Copenhagen with Herman Kalckar and Ole Maaløe, Watson worked at the University of Cambridge's Cavendish Laboratory in England, where he first met his future collaborator Francis Crick. From 1956 to 1976, Watson was on the faculty of the Harvard University Biology Department, promoting research in molecular biology.
<Marcus_Miller>	William Henry Marcus Miller Jr. (born June 14, 1959) is an American musician, songwriter, and record producer. He is best known for his work as a bassist. He has worked with trumpeter Miles Davis, pianist Herbie Hancock, singer Luther Vandross, and saxophonist David Sanborn, among others. He was the main songwriter and producer on three of Davis' albums: Tutu (1986), Music from Siesta (1987), and Amandla (1989). His collaboration with Vandross was especially close; he co-produced and served as the arranger for most of Vandross' albums, and he and Vandross co-wrote many of Vandross' songs, including the hits "I Really Didn't Mean It", "Any Love", "Power of Love/Love Power" and "Don't Want to Be a Fool". He also co-wrote the 1988 single "Da Butt" for Experience Unlimited.William Henry Marcus Miller Jr. was born in the Brooklyn borough of New York City on June 14, 1959. He grew up in a musical family; his father, William Miller, was a church organist and choir director. Through his father, he is the cousin of jazz pianist Wynton Kelly. He became classically trained as a clarinetist and later learned to play keyboards, saxophone, and guitar.
<Lela_Rochon>	Lela Rochon Staples (born April 17, 1964) is an American actress, best known for her starring role as Robin Stokes in the 1995 romantic drama film Waiting to Exhale. She also had notable roles in the films Harlem Nights (1989), Boomerang (1992), The Chamber (1996), Gang Related (1997), Knock Off (1998), Why Do Fools Fall in Love (1998), and Any Given Sunday (1999).Rochon was born in Los Angeles,[citation needed] the daughter of Zelma, a nurse practitioner, and Samuel Staples, a business owner and graphic artist.[citation needed] She graduated from Cerritos High School in Cerritos, California in 1982. After high school, Rochon attended California State University, Dominguez Hills where she earned a BA in Broadcast Journalism, with minors in Sociology and Theatre. In 2016, Rochon returned to give the commencement speech at California State University, Dominguez Hills.In 1984, Rochon appeared as an extra in the movie Breakin’, where she met the man who would later become her husband. From 1986 to 1988, while attending college, Rochon was one of the "Spudettes" featured in over 30 national spots for the Spuds MacKenzie Budweiser/Bud Light TV commercials. She also appeared in the 1985 made-for-television film A Bunny's Tale starring Kirstie Alley and Delta Burke, based on Gloria Steinem's experiences as a Playboy Bunny. She appeared as the love interest of Gerald Levert in the video for "My Forever Love" by Levert, and in Luther Vandross' "It's Over Now" video. She also appeared in the music video for Lionel Richie's single "All Night Long (All Night)",  in Al B. Sure's video for the song "Natalie", and in Tupac Shakur's video "I Get Around" as one of the female dancers. She had many guest starring roles in a number of sitcoms, include The Cosby Show, Amen, 227, The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air, and Hangin' with Mr. Cooper. Rochon made her film debut in 1985, when she starred opposite Fred Williamson in Fox Trap. In 1987, she played the role of Debby in the film The Wild Pair, starring Beau Bridges and Bubba Smith. In 1989, Rochon acted opposite Eddie Murphy in 1989's Harlem Nights, as the memorable "Sunshine" character. She again worked with Murphy in the successful 1992 romantic comedy, Boomerang. In 1995, she was regular cast member during the first season of The WB sitcom, The Wayans Bros.
<James_Morrison_(American_football)>	James Morrison (November 2, 1871 – May 15, 1939) was an American football player, coach, and physician. He served as the head football coach at  Add-Ran Christian University—now known as Texas Christian University (TCU)—in 1898 and at Virginia Agricultural and Mechanical College and Polytechnic Institute (VPI)—now known as Virginia Tech—in 1899, compiling a career college football record of 5–4–1. Morrison graduated from the University of Virginia with a medical degree in 1898. He was later a pioneering otolaryngologist specialist in the south.# denotes interim head coachThis biographical article relating to a college football coach first appointed in the 1890s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Pour_le_Mérite>	The Pour le Mérite (German: [puːɐ̯ lə meˈʁiːt]; French: [puʁ lə me.ʁit], lit. 'For Merit') is an order of merit (German: Verdienstorden) established in 1740 by King Frederick II of Prussia. The Pour le Mérite was awarded as both a military and civil honour and ranked, along with the Order of the Black Eagle, the Order of the Red Eagle and the House Order of Hohenzollern, among the highest orders of merit in the Kingdom of Prussia. The order of merit was the highest royal Prussian order of bravery for officers of all ranks. After 1871, when the various German kingdoms, grand duchies, duchies, principalities and Hanseatic city states had come together under Prussian leadership to form the federally structured German Empire, the Prussian honours gradually assumed, at least in public perception, the status of honours of Imperial Germany, even though many honours of the various German states continued to be awarded.The Pour le Mérite was an honour conferred both for military (1740–1918) and civil (1740–1810, after 1842 as a separate class) services. It was awarded strictly as a recognition of extraordinary personal achievement, rather than as a general marker of social status or a courtesy-honour, although certain restrictions of social class and military rank were applied. The order was secular, and membership endured for the remaining lifetime of the recipient, unless renounced or revoked.During the First World War, the Pour le Mérite was known informally as the Blue Max (German: Blauer Max), in honour of flying ace Max Immelmann, the first recipient during the war. Immelmann was also the first aviator to win the award.
<Georg_Wittig>	Georg Wittig (German: [ˈɡeː.ɔʁk ˈvɪ.tɪç] (listen); 16 June 1897 – 26 August 1987) was a German chemist who reported a method for synthesis of alkenes from aldehydes and ketones using compounds called phosphonium ylides in the Wittig reaction. He shared the Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Herbert C. Brown in 1979.Wittig was born in Berlin, Germany and shortly after his birth moved with his family to Kassel, where his father was professor at the applied arts high school. He attended school in Kassel and started studying chemistry at the University of Tübingen 1916. He was drafted and became a lieutenant in the cavalry of Hesse-Kassel (or Hesse-Cassel). After being an Allied prisoner of war from 1918 until 1919, Wittig found it hard to restart his chemistry studies owing to overcrowding at the universities. By a direct plea to Karl von Auwers, who was professor for organic chemistry at the University of Marburg at the time, he was able to resume university study and after 3 years was awarded the Ph.D. in organic chemistry.Karl von Auwers was able to convince him to start an academic career, leading to his habilitation in 1926. He became a close friend of Karl Ziegler, who was also doing his habilitation with Auwers during that time. The successor of Karl von Auwers, Hans Meerwein, accepted Wittig as lecturer, partly because he was impressed by the new 400-page book on stereochemistry that Wittig had written. In 1931 Wittig married Waltraud Ernst, a colleague from the Auwers working group. The invitation of Karl Fries brought him as professor to the TU Braunschweig in 1932. The time in Braunschweig became more and more problematic as the Nazis tried to get rid of Karl Fries and Wittig showed solidarity with him. After the forced retirement of Fries, in 1937 Hermann Staudinger offered Wittig a position at the University of Freiburg, partly because he knew Wittig from his book on stereochemistry in which he supported Staudinger's highly criticized theory of macromolecules. The foundations of carbanion chemistry were laid during Wittig's time in Freiburg.
<Nagita_Slavina>	Nagita Slavina Mariana Tengker, (born 17 February 1988) is an Indonesian actress, presenter, singer and businesswoman of mixed Minahasan, Javanese and Minangkabau descent.On 17 October 2014, Nagita Slavina married Raffi Ahmad at the age 26. The live broadcast of the wedding for several hours was considered a misuse of the public frequency. The Indonesian Broadcasting Commission (Komisi Penyiaran Indonesia, KPI) gave a written notice to Trans TV about the exclusive broadcast. According to KPI, the duration was too long and the broadcast did not give any benefit to the public as the owner of the frequency.
<University_of_Washington>	The University of Washington (UW, simply Washington, or informally U-Dub) is a public research university in Seattle, Washington.Founded in 1861, Washington is one of the oldest universities on the West Coast; it was established in Seattle approximately a decade after the city's founding. The university has a 703 acre main campus located in the city's University District, as well as campuses in Tacoma and Bothell. Overall, UW encompasses over 500 buildings and over 20 million gross square footage of space, including one of the largest library systems in the world with more than 26 university libraries, art centers, museums, laboratories, lecture halls, and stadiums. The university offers degrees through 140 departments, and functions on a quarter system.
<Noor_(horse)>	Noor (1945 – 16 November 1974) was an Irish-bred Thoroughbred racehorse Champion who competed successfully in the United Kingdom and the United States.Given the Arabic name meaning "Light", Noor was sired by five-time U.S. leading sire Nasrullah. His damsire, Bahram, won the English Triple Crown in 1935.
<People's_Liberation_Army_Air_Force>	The People's Liberation Army Air Force (PLAAF; Chinese: 中国人民解放军空军; pinyin: Zhōngguó Rénmín Jiěfàngjūn Kōngjūn), also known as the Chinese Air Force (中国空军) or the People's Air Force (人民空军), is an aerial service branch of the People's Liberation Army, the regular armed forces of the People's Republic of China. The PLAAF was officially established on 11 November 1949 and it is composed of 5 branches which are aviation, anti-aircraft artillery, surface-to-air missiles (SAM), radar, and Airborne Corps.The PLAAF first faced combat in the Korean War against the United States using primarily the Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-15 fighter aircraft, aircraft provided by the Soviet Union, which also assisted with the expansion of the Chinese aerospace industry. Changes in the organization of the PLAAF followed by modernization programs in the 1990s and increased technology development in the 21st century has created the J-20 stealth multirole fighter, the first of its kind for China.The PLA's first organized air unit, was formed in July 1949 at Beijing Nanyuan Airport. It consisted of six P-51s, two Mosquitoes, and two PT-19s. On 25 October 1949, Liu Yalou was appointed as the chief of air force in the People's Liberation Army. By 11 November, the air force command was officially formed from the headquarters of Liu Yalou's 14th bingtuan (which Witson translates as "Army"). The process was aided by significant Soviet assistance.
<Government_of_France>	The Government of France (French: Gouvernement français), officially the Government of the French Republic (Gouvernement de la République française [ɡuvɛʁnəmɑ̃ də la ʁepyblik fʁɑ̃sɛz]), exercises executive power in France. It is composed of the Prime Minister, who is the head of government, as well as both senior and junior ministers. The Council of Ministers, the main executive organ of the Government, was established in the Constitution in 1958. Its members meet weekly at the Élysée Palace in Paris. The meetings are presided over by the President of France, the head of state, although the officeholder is not a member of the Government.The Government's most senior ministers are titled as ministers of state (ministres d'État), followed in protocol order by ministers (ministres), ministers delegate (ministres délégués), whereas junior ministers are titled as secretaries of state (secrétaires d'État). All members of the Government, who are appointed by the President following the recommendation of the Prime Minister, are responsible to the National Assembly, the lower house of the French Parliament. Cases of ministerial misconduct are tried before the Cour de Justice de la République.
<William_George_Beech>	William George Beech (June 4, 1898 – May 28, 1971) was a mid-20th century Canadian politician who represented York Township at all three levels of government. Beech was born in London, England and moved to Canada with his parents when he was very young. Beech served with the Canadian Expeditionary Force during World War I, joining the army at 16, and was wounded at Vimy Ridge. He was an industrial engineer, and then in 1950 owned a travel agency in the York Township.
<Albert_Bunjaku>	Albert Bunjaku (born 29 November 1983) is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for German club Bonner SC. Having previously represented Switzerland, participating at the 2010 FIFA World Cup, he switched to the newly formed Kosovo national team, for which he was the former all-time top scorer with three goals.When Bunjaku was eight years old, he moved with his mother and two brothers to Switzerland, where his father was already working. Bunjaku joined his first club at 13 – unusually late for a future professional. Before starting out with FC Schlieren, he only played football in the schoolyard or on the five-a-side court. At that stage he was also very keen on basketball.
<NHL_08>	NHL 08 is a video game released on September 11, 2007 in North America; the Xbox 360 version was supposed to be released on the same date as the Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 2 and PlayStation 3 versions, but was postponed for a day due to shipping issues.[citation needed] This was the first installment to be released on the PlayStation 3.NHL 08 features a new and improved "Skill Stick System," which EA says will allow gamers to more easily control the puck. NHL 08 also includes "Goalie Mode," where users can control their team's goalie with a new third-person camera. Another new feature is the ability to create custom plays, where you can take part in creating custom plays in practice mode.'Dynasty Mode' allows users to create a dream team and play through to the Stanley Cup, however, there is no fantasy draft on the current generation version of the game (Xbox 360, PlayStation 3), only on the PC and PlayStation 2 versions.
<George_Emlen_Roosevelt>	George Emlen Roosevelt (October 13, 1887 – September 4, 1963) a banker and philanthropist, was a first cousin once-removed of U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt and one of the most prominent railroad financiers of his day, involved in no fewer than 14 railroad reorganizations.  He also held directorships in several important companies, including the Morgan-controlled Guaranty Trust Company, the Chemical Bank, and the Bank for Savings in New York.He was the son of W. Emlen Roosevelt (1857–1930) and Christine Griffin Kean (1858–1936) and a direct descendant of Claes Martenszen Van Rosenvelt, who came from the Province of Zeeland in the Netherlands and emigrated to New Netherland in 1649.  His paternal grandfather was James A. Roosevelt and his great-grandfather was Cornelius Van Schaack Roosevelt.He was a graduate of St. Mark's School, class of 1905, and Harvard University, class of 1909. Roosevelt was a trustee of New York University for 35 years, the last 12 as chairman.
<Compagnie_des_mines_d'Anzin>	Coordinates: 50°24′N 3°30′E﻿ / ﻿50.40°N 3.50°E﻿ / 50.40; 3.50The Compagnie des mines d'Anzin (Anzin Mining Company) was a large French mining company in the coal basin of Nord-Pas-de-Calais in northern France. It was established in 1756 and operated for almost 200 years.The company used innovative pumping technology to support deep mining operations in the rich bituminous coalfield.At its peak in the mid-19th century it was one of the largest industrial enterprises in France, with about 12,000 miners.Émile Zola visited the region during a strike in 1884 which he used as the basis for his novel Germinal.The work was dangerous and unhealthy, but the company paid the miners well compared to other industries, provided housing, welfare and pensions, and sponsored social activities.The mines reached their peak of prosperity before World War I (1914–18), but were badly damaged during the war.They struggled to regain profitability in period leading up to World War II (1939–45).The mines were nationalized in 1946.Many were closed in the 1970s and 1980s. The last ceased operation in 1990.The landscape has been partly restored but traces of mining such as slag heaps, ponds and railway cuttings remain, and a few heritage sites have been preserved.The Nord-Pas de Calais Mining Basin extends for 100 kilometres (62 mi) from the Valenciennes region in the east past Douai and Lens to Béthune in the west.It is 4 to 12 kilometres (2.5 to 7.5 mi) wide. For many years it was the most important coalfield in France.Over two billion tons of coal were extracted from the basin between the early 18th century and late 20th century.The concessions granted to the Compagnie des mines d'Anzin lay in the east of this basin, named after the town of Anzin, to the north of Valenciennes.
<Auckland>	Auckland (pronounced /ˈɔːk.lənd/) (Māori: Tāmaki Makaurau) is a large metropolitan city in the North Island of New Zealand. The most populous urban area in the country and the fifth largest city in Oceania, Auckland has an urban population of about 1,440,300 (June 2022). It is located in the greater Auckland Region—the area governed by Auckland Council—which includes outlying rural areas and the islands of the Hauraki Gulf, and which has a total population of 1,695,200. While Europeans continue to make up the plurality of Auckland's population, the city became multicultural and cosmopolitan in the late-20th century, with Asians accounting for 31% of the city's population in 2018. Auckland has the fourth largest foreign-born population in the world,[citation needed] with 39% of its residents born overseas. With its large population of Pasifika New Zealanders, the city is also home to the biggest ethnic Polynesian population in the world. The Māori-language name for Auckland is Tāmaki Makaurau, meaning "Tāmaki desired by many", in reference to the desirability of its natural resources and geography.Auckland lies between the Hauraki Gulf to the east, the Hunua Ranges to the south-east, the Manukau Harbour to the south-west, and the Waitākere Ranges and smaller ranges to the west and north-west. The surrounding hills are covered in rainforest and the landscape is dotted with 53 volcanic centres that make up the Auckland Volcanic Field. The central part of the urban area occupies a narrow isthmus between the Manukau Harbour on the Tasman Sea and the Waitematā Harbour on the Pacific Ocean. Auckland is one of the few cities in the world to have a harbour on each of two separate major bodies of water.
<Repsol>	Repsol S.A. (Spanish pronunciation: [repˈsol]) is a Spanish multinational energy and petrochemical company based in Madrid. It is engaged in worldwide upstream and downstream activities. In the 2021 Forbes Global 2000, Repsol was ranked as the 683rd-largest public company in the world. As of 2021, it has more than 24,000 employees worldwide.It is vertically integrated and operates in all areas of the oil and gas industry, including exploration and production, refining, distribution and marketing, petrochemicals, power generation and trading. The business strategy also includes a renewable energy division.In 1927 CAMPSA (Compañía Arrendataria del Monopolio de Petróleos S.A.), headed by Miguel Primo de Rivera y Orbaneja, was created with the objective of administering concessions in handing over the state monopoly of petroleum companies. Originally the company was arranged so that the state would have a minority stake. The Creation of CAMPSA intensified the progress of the Spanish refinery industry.
<Paul_Pelosi>	Paul Francis Pelosi Sr. (born April 15, 1940) is an American businessman who owns and operates Financial Leasing Services, Inc., a San Francisco-based real estate and venture capital investment and consulting firm. He was the owner of the Sacramento Mountain Lions of the United Football League. He is married to Nancy Pelosi, the current Speaker of the United States House of Representatives.Pelosi was born and raised in San Francisco, the youngest in a family of three boys. He is the son of Corinne (Bianchi) and John Pelosi, a wholesale pharmacist. He attended St. Ignatius High School and graduated from Malvern Preparatory School in Pennsylvania. He earned a bachelor of science (BS) in foreign service at Georgetown University, during which he met his future wife, Nancy D'Alesandro, who was attending a Roman Catholic women's college, Trinity College, in Washington, D.C. He earned an MBA from the Stern School of Business at New York University.  He has been the chair of the Foreign Service Board at Georgetown since 2009.
<Harish_Meenashru>	Harish Krishnaram Dave (Gujarati: હરીશ કૃષ્ણારામ દવે), better known by his pen name Harish Meenashru (Gujarati: હરીશ મીનાશ્રુ), is a Gujarati language poet and translator from Gujarat, India. He is best known as a postmodern poet in Gujarati literature. Some of his significant works include Dhribaangsundar Eni Pere Dolya (1988), Suno Bhai Sadho (1999), Tandul (1999), Parjanyasukta (1999), and Banaras Diary (2016). His poems have been translated in Hindi, Marathi, Malayalam, Kannada, German, and English. He received a Kalapi Award (2010), Vali Gujarati Gazal Award (2012), and Narsinh Mehta Award (2014). He received the 2020 Sahitya Akademi Award for his poetry collection Banaras Diary (2016).Meenashru was born on 3 January 1953 in Anand, Gujarat, India. He studied at Dadabhai Navroji (DN) High School, Anand, from 1962 to 1969. He earned a B. Sc. in Chemistry from V. P. Science College, Vallabh Vidhyanagar from 1969 to 1970, and M. B.[clarification needed] at Patel Science College, Anand, from 1970 to 1973. He received a M. Sc. from the Department of Chemistry of the Sardar Patel University in 1975.
<Vital_do_Rêgo_Filho>	Vital do Rêgo Filho (born September 21, 1963) is a Brazilian politician and doctor. He represented Paraíba in the Federal Senate from 2011 to 2014. Previously, he was a Deputy from Paraíba from 2007 to 2011. He was a member of the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party. Assumed office in the Federal Court of Accounts on December 22, 2014, appointed by president Dilma Rousseff. In the Senate, senator Raimundo Lira took office in his place.On May 19, 2016, minister Teori Zavascki ordered the opening of inquiry that investigates Vital do Rêgo Filho in Operation Car Wash for supposed payoff charges from contractors when, in office as senator, led the Parliamentary Committee of Inquiry of Petrobras in the Congress.This article about a Brazilian politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<David_Storrer>	David Storrer (24 November 1854 – 13 November 1935) was an Australian politician.Born in Legana, Tasmania, he was educated at Chalmers Church Grammar School before becoming a cabinet maker and furniture warehouseman. He served three separate terms as an alderman at Launceston from 1894 to 1897, 1898 to 1904 and 1913 to 1921, and was elected Mayor for 1903.
<Jinnah_of_Pakistan>	Jinnah of Pakistan is a biography of Muhammad Ali Jinnah by Stanley Wolpert. Wolpert described his subject thus: Few individuals significantly alter the course of hist. Fewer still modify the map of the world. Hardly anyone can be credited with creating a nation-state. Muhammad Ali Jinnah did all three.
<Morecambe_F.C.>	Morecambe Football Club is a professional football club in Morecambe, Lancashire, England. The team competes in League One, the third tier of the English football league system. Nicknamed the "Shrimps" due to the coastal town's local speciality food, the club have played home games at the Mazuma Stadium since moving from their original home at Christie Park in 2010. The club contests rivalries with nearby Accrington Stanley and formerly with non-league neighbours Lancaster City, along with other Lancashire clubs.
<Victory_Games_(EA)>	Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) is an American video game company headquartered in Redwood City, California. Founded in May 1982 by Apple employee Trip Hawkins, the company was a pioneer of the early home computer game industry and promoted the designers and programmers responsible for its games as "software artists." EA published numerous games and some productivity software for personal computers, all of which were developed by external individuals or groups until 1987's Skate or Die!. The company shifted toward internal game studios, often through acquisitions, such as Distinctive Software becoming EA Canada in 1991.Currently, EA develops and publishes games of established franchises, including Battlefield, Need for Speed, The Sims, Medal of Honor, Command & Conquer, Dead Space, Mass Effect, Dragon Age, Army of Two, Apex Legends, and Star Wars, as well as the EA Sports titles FIFA, Madden NFL, NBA Live, NHL, and EA Sports UFC. Their desktop titles appear on self-developed Origin, an online gaming digital distribution platform for PCs and a direct competitor to Valve's Steam and Epic Games' Store. EA also owns and operates major gaming studios such as EA Tiburon in Orlando, EA Vancouver in Burnaby, EA Romania in Bucharest, DICE in Stockholm, Motive Studio in Montreal, BioWare in Edmonton and Austin, and Respawn Entertainment in Los Angeles and Vancouver.
<Volvo_Environment_Prize>	The Volvo Environment Prize is an annual international award originating in Sweden. The prize is awarded to individuals who "explore the way to a sustainable world." The prize is awarded by the independent foundation The Volvo Environment Prize Foundation instituted 1989.A recipient of the Volvo Environment Prize receives an original diploma by Swedish artist Göran Dahlbom, a glass sculpture and a cash award for SEK 1.5 million.The responsibility for selecting the laureate or laureates of the annual Volvo Environment Prize for recommendation to the Board of the Foundation lies with an international Prize Jury.The Jury currently consists of Professor Will Steffen, chair (Australia National University), Professor Mary Scholes ( University of the Witwatersrand, South Africa), Professor Peijun Shi (Beijing Normal University, China), Professor Kazuhiko Takeuchi (University of Tokyo, Japan) and Dr. Sybille van den Hove (Autonomous University of Barcelona, Spain).[citation needed]The Royal Society of Arts and Sciences in Gothenburg, Sweden has appointed a Scientific Committee. The Scientific Committee makes the initial screening and evaluation of candidates which are presented to the Prize Jury.
<Edith_Head>	Edith Head (October 28, 1897 – October 24, 1981) was an American costume designer who won a record eight Academy Awards for Best Costume Design between 1949 and 1973, making her the most awarded woman in the Academy's history. Head is considered to be one of the greatest and most influential costume designers in film history.Born and raised in California, Head started her career as a Spanish teacher, but was interested in design. After studying at the Chouinard Art Institute in Los Angeles, Head was hired as a costume sketch artist at Paramount Pictures in 1923. She won acclaim for her design of Dorothy Lamour’s trademark sarong in the 1936 film The Jungle Princess, and became a household name after the Academy Award for Best Costume Design was created in 1948. Head was considered exceptional for her close working relationships with her subjects, with whom she consulted extensively; these included virtually every top female star in Hollywood.
<Reg_Grundy_Organisation>	Reg Grundy Organisation (founded as Reg Grundy Enterprises, later known as both Reg Grundy Productions and Grundy Television and known informally as Grundy's) was an Australian-based multinational mass media company, primarily involved in television as a production company but also in distribution and licensing.  Reg Grundy, the company's namesake founded the media enterprise locally in 1959, It branched out internationally in the late 1980s under the banner Grundy World Wide Limited with divisions in Europe, United Kingdom, the United States and Asia 
<Atlético_Madrid_B>	Atlético de Madrid B is a Spanish football team based in Madrid, in the community of Madrid. Founded on 17 September 1963, it is the reserve team of Atlético Madrid and currently plays in Segunda Federación – Group 5. They play their home games at Cerro del Espino Stadium.The club was founded in 1964 as Reyfra Atlético O.J.E. when CD Reyfra (1963–64) and CA Getafe merged. In 1970 it absorbed Aviaco Madrileño CF, which was established in 1967 when Madrileño CF (1956–67) and AD Aviaco merged, became affiliated with Atlético Madrid and in 1970 changed its name to Atlético Madrileño Club de Fútbol.
<John_Bennett_Ramsey>	John Bennett Ramsey (born December 7, 1943) is an American businessman, author, and father of JonBenét Ramsey, who was murdered in her Boulder, Colorado, home on December 26, 1996.Ramsey was born in Lincoln, Nebraska, the son of Mary Jane (née Bennett) (1919–1978) and James Dudley "Jay" Ramsey (1916–1992), a decorated World War II pilot. He attended Okemos High School in Michigan. In 1966, he graduated from Michigan State University (MSU) with a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering. Ramsey earned a master's degree in business administration from MSU in 1971.Ramsey joined the Navy in 1966, served as a Civil Engineer Corps officer in the Philippines for three years, and in an Atlanta reserve unit for an additional eight years.
<Jayne_Meadows>	Jayne Meadows (born Jane Cotter; September 27, 1919 – April 26, 2015), also known as Jayne Meadows Allen, was an American stage, film and television actress, as well as an author and lecturer. She was nominated for three Emmy Awards during her career and was the elder sister of actress and memoirist Audrey Meadows as well as the wife of original Tonight Show host Steve Allen.Jayne Meadows was born Jane Cotter in 1919, in Wuchang, Wuhan, Hubei Province, China, the elder daughter of American Episcopal missionary parents, the Rev. Francis James Meadows Cotter and his wife, the former Ida Miller Taylor, who had married in 1915. Her younger sister was actress Audrey Meadows. She also had two older brothers. In the early 1930s, the family settled in Sharon, Connecticut, where her father had been appointed rector of Christ Church.
<St._Augustine's_Church_(Bronx)>	The Church of St. Augustine was a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York. It was located at 1183 Franklin Avenue between East 167th Street and East 168th Street in the Morrisania neighborhood of the Bronx, New York City. The church was closed in 2011 and demolished in 2013.The church was built in 1894 to the designs of architect Louis H. Giele with Baroque Revival and Renaissance Revival design elements. It was dedicated in 1895 by the Archbishop of New York. The parochial school nearby was completed in 1904. The AIA Guide to New York City (2010) described the church's architecture as: "Renaissance and Baroque elements combine in this somber but imposing facade. The parish school across the street to the north is distinguished by glazed blue and white terra-cotta sculpture set into the tympanum of its Classical pediment." Plans were filed by owner the  Augustine Society of Tompkinsville, Staten Island, in April 1906 for a site on the southeast of Andrew Avenue, 200 feet south of Fordham Road. The structure would be a two-storey brick school, 54x100 feet, to the designs by architect J. O'Connor for $50,000.The church developed leaks and was deemed unsafe in the summer of 2009, with worship services continuing in the auditorium of St. Augustine's Parochial School. Funds from the school had been helping pay the church building's upkeep. The Rev. Thomas Fenlon, pastor of the church, sought a developer to demolish St. Augustine's Church and build affordable housing on the site, constructing a new smaller church next door. In late 2013, the church, rectory and convent were demolished.
<George_Pace>	George Gaze Pace, CVO (31 December 1915 – 23 August 1975) was an English architect who specialised in ecclesiastical works.He was trained in London, and served in the army, before being appointed as surveyor to a number of cathedrals. Most of his work was carried out on churches, although he did some secular work. His architectural style was Modernist, but he respected traditional styles, and on occasions combined both styles in his works.
<Cumulus_Media_Networks>	Cumulus Media Networks was an American radio network owned and operated by Cumulus Media. From 2011 until its merger with Westwood One, it controlled many of the radio assets formerly belonging to the American Broadcasting Company (ABC), which was broken up in 2007; Cumulus owned the portion of the network that was purchased by Citadel Broadcasting that year.The network adopted its final name in September 2011, following Cumulus's acquisition of Citadel; prior to this, it had been known as Citadel Media Networks since April 2009, after licensing the "ABC Radio Networks" name from The Walt Disney Company for nearly two years. ABC now operates a revived ABC Radio Network that owns no stations but produces mostly short-form audio content.
<Flávio_Dino>	Flávio Dino de Castro e Costa (born 30 April 1968) is a Brazilian attorney, politician and teacher. A former federal judge, Dino was elected to the Chamber of Deputies in 2006, serving a four-year term until 2011, representing the state of Maranhão. He was elected as the governor of Maranhão after running in the 2014 election. He became the governor of Maranhão on 1 January 2015. He was reelected in 2018.Dino also served 3 years as president of Embratur, a federal agency promoting Brazilian tourism, between his legislative term and gubernatorial term. Dino was considered a leading left-wing candidate in the 2022 presidential election but chose to forgo a candidacy, instead choosing to run for Senate.
<John_Lavery>	Sir John Lavery RA RSA RHA (20 March 1856 – 10 January 1941) was a Northern Irish painter best known for his portraits and wartime depictions.John Lavery was born in inner North Belfast, baptised at St Patrick's Church, Belfast and, while still a child, moved to Scotland where he attended Haldane Academy in Glasgow in the 1870s. In 1878 he set up his own studio which was razed in a fire in the following year. With a £300 insurance pay-out he spent a year studying at Heatherley's School in London. Lavery continued his studies at the Académie Julian in Paris in the early 1880s. He returned to Glasgow and was associated with the Glasgow School. William Burrell, a wealthy shipowner, was a faithful patron of Scottish artists including Joseph Crawhall II, with whom Lavery studied. In 1888 he was commissioned to paint the state visit of Queen Victoria to the Glasgow International Exhibition. This launched his career as a society painter and he moved to London soon after. In 1896, William Burrell commissioned Lavery to paint a portrait of his sister Mary Burrell.
<Simon_Vestdijk>	Simon Vestdijk (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈsimɔɱ ˈvɛzdɛik]; 17 October 1898 – 23 March 1971) was a Dutch writer.He was nominated for the Nobel prize in literature fifteen times.Born in the small Frisian town of Harlingen, Vestdijk studied medicine in Amsterdam, but turned to literature after a few years as a doctor, including some time on board a ship. From 1932 he lived from literature. He became one of the most important 20th-century writers in the Netherlands. During the German occupation, he and other Dutch intellectuals were held hostage for some time, partly because they did not want to join the Chamber of Culture. After the war, he retired to Doorn (Utrecht province). 
<Quasimodo>	Quasimodo (from Quasimodo Sunday) is a fictional character and the main protagonist of the novel The Hunchback of Notre-Dame (1831) by Victor Hugo. Quasimodo was born with a hunchback and feared by the townspeople as a sort of monster, but he finds sanctuary in an unlikely love that is fulfilled only in death. The role of Quasimodo has been played by many actors in film and stage adaptations, including Lon Chaney (1923), Charles Laughton (1939), Anthony Quinn (1956), and Anthony Hopkins (1982) as well as Tom Hulce in the 1996 Disney animated adaptation, and most recently Angelo Del Vecchio in the Notre Dame de Paris revival. In 2010, a British researcher found evidence suggesting there was a real-life hunchbacked stone carver who worked at Notre Dame during the same period Victor Hugo was writing the novel and they may have even known each other.The deformed Quasimodo is described as "hideous" and a "creation of the devil". He was born with a severe hunchback, and a giant wart that covers his left eye. He was born to a Gypsy tribe, but due to his monstrous appearance he was switched during infancy with an able-bodied baby girl, Agnes. After being discovered, Quasimodo is exorcised by Agnes's mother (who believed that the Gypsies ate her child) and taken to Paris, where he is found abandoned in Notre Dame (on the foundlings' bed, where orphans and unwanted children are left to public charity) on Quasimodo Sunday, the First Sunday after Easter, by Claude Frollo, the Archdeacon of Notre Dame, who adopts the baby, names him after the day the baby was found, and brings him up to be the bell-ringer of the cathedral. Due to the loud ringing of the bells, Quasimodo also becomes deaf causing Frollo to teach him sign language. Although he is hated for his deformity, it is revealed that he is kind at heart. Though Quasimodo commits acts of violence in the novel, these are only undertaken when he is instructed by others.
<ACF_Fiorentina>	ACF Fiorentina, commonly referred to as Fiorentina ([fjorenˈtiːna]), is an Italian professional football club based in Florence, Tuscany, Italy. The original team was founded by a merger in August 1926, while the actual club was refounded in August 2002 following bankruptcy. Fiorentina have played at the top level of Italian football for the majority of their existence; only four clubs have played in more Serie A seasons.Fiorentina has won two Italian Championships, in 1955–56 and again in 1968–69, as well as six Coppa Italia trophies and one Supercoppa Italiana. On the European stage, Fiorentina won the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup in 1960–61 and lost the final one year later. They finished runners-up in the 1956–57 European Cup, losing against Real Madrid, and also came close to winning the 1989–90 UEFA Cup, finishing as runners-up against Juventus after losing the first leg in Turin and drawing in the second one in Avellino.
<Lysekil_Line>	The Lysekil Line (Swedish: Lysekilsbanan) is a branch railway of the Bohus Line, connecting Smedberg and Lysekil in the Swedish province of Bohuslän. Opened in 1913, it is today a single-track, electrified standard gauge line 35 kilometres (22 mi) long. Most of it is located within the Stångenäset Hundred, closely paralleling county road 162.Because of the hilly terrain it passes through, it has the steepest grades of any Swedish rail line, up to 2.5% in some sections.  This was a result of a decision to save money on explosives during construction. Originally, it was a major freight line for the ports on the western coast along the Skagerrak; although those grades limited the amount of freight it could carry.[citation needed]Regular passenger service ended in 1983, by which time the road and ferry network along the coast had made it much easier to get to Gothenburg by automobile. Thereafter the line was open only during the summer months, primarily carrying vacationers to Lysekil. That service was stopped entirely in 2015, although the track is still maintained for possible future use.[citation needed]
<Donald_Antrim>	Donald Antrim (born 1958) is an American novelist. His first novel, Elect Mr. Robinson for a Better World, was published in 1993. In 1999, The New Yorker named him as among the 20 best writers under the age of 40. In 2013, he was named a MacArthur Fellow.Antrim was born in Sarasota, Florida. After graduating from Woodberry Forest School in 1977, Antrim graduated from Brown University, taught prose fiction at the graduate school of New York University, and was the Mary Ellen von der Heyden Fellow for Fiction at the American Academy in Berlin, Germany in Spring 2009. Antrim teaches in the MFA program at Columbia University and lives in Brooklyn.
<Danny_Murphy_(footballer,_born_1977)>	Daniel Ben Murphy (born 18 March 1977) is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.Having begun his career at Crewe Alexandra in 1993, he moved to Liverpool in 1997, where he won a treble of the League Cup, FA Cup and UEFA Cup in 2001. During his time at Liverpool he scored the winning goal against arch rivals Manchester United at Old Trafford in three Premier League games, each a 1–0 win. After brief spells at Charlton Athletic and Tottenham Hotspur he joined Fulham, which he helped reach the 2010 UEFA Europa League Final, and ended his career at Blackburn Rovers. He served as captain at his last two clubs.
<People's_Television_Network>	People's Television Network (Filipino: Telebisyon ng Bayan; abbreviated PTV) is the flagship state broadcaster owned by the Government of the Philippines. Founded in 1974, PTV is the main brand of People's Television Network, Inc. (PTNI), one of the attached agencies under the Office of the Press Secretary (OPS).PTV, along with government-owned media companies Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation and the Philippine Broadcasting Service-Bureau of Broadcast Services, forms the media arm of the OPS and acts as a primary state television broadcaster that focuses on news, information and public service programming. Its head office, studios and transmitter are located at Broadcast Complex, Visayas Avenue, Barangay Vasra, Diliman, Quezon City.
<Ian_Wrigglesworth>	Ian William Wrigglesworth, Baron Wrigglesworth (born 8 December 1939) is a Liberal Democrat peer.He was born in Stockton-on-Tees, brought up in Norton-on-Tees, and educated at Stockton Grammar School, Stockton-Billingham Technical College, and the College of St Mark and St John, Chelsea.
<Gilbert_Stanley_Underwood>	Gilbert Stanley Underwood (1890–1960) was an American architect best known for his National Park lodges.  Born in 1890, Underwood received his B.A. from Yale in 1920 and a M.A. from Harvard in 1923.  After opening an office in Los Angeles that year, he became associated with Daniel Ray Hull, a landscape architect, of the National Park Service.  This led to a commission with the Utah Parks Company of the Union Pacific Railroad which was developing the parks in hopes of producing destinations for travelers.  During this time Underwood designed lodges for Cedar Breaks National Monument (now demolished), Zion National Park, Bryce Canyon National Park, and the North Rim of the Grand Canyon National Park. His surviving Utah Parks Company buildings are considered exceptional examples of the Rustic style of architecture, and are all listed on the National Register of Historic Places. In addition, Underwood was contracted to design Yosemite National Park's The Ahwahnee, also on the National Register and probably his greatest triumph in the Rustic style.Underwood also designed stations for the Union Pacific, culminating in the magnificent Art Deco style station in Omaha in 1931.  Then Underwood joined the Federal Architects Project in 1932.  While working for the federal government, Underwood produced the preliminary designs for the Timberline Lodge, Mount Hood, Oregon, and went on to design more than 20 post offices, two major federal buildings, and the U.S. State Department Building.  From 1947 to 1949, he was appointed as federal supervisory architect.Following retirement but utilizing an association with John D. Rockefeller, Jr., and the Williamsburg Lodge project in Virginia, Underwood designed as his last major commission the Jackson Lake Lodge (1950–1954), Grand Teton National Park, Wyoming.  He died in 1960.
<Shane_Smeltz>	Shane Edward Smeltz (born 29 September 1981) is a New Zealand Australian footballer. He plays as a striker for Gold Coast United in the National Premier Leagues Queensland.Smeltz had spent much of his early career playing in Australia before moving to England where he played for two and a half seasons. He played mostly in the A-League from 2007 onwards, with the exception of brief stints with Gençlerbirliği in Turkey and Kedah FA in Malaysia. He ended his professional playing career with Indonesian team Borneo F.C.
<Necmettin_Erbakan>	Necmettin Erbakan (29 October 1926 – 27 February 2011) was a Turkish politician, engineer, and academic who was the Prime Minister of Turkey from 1996 to 1997. He was pressured by the military to step down as prime minister and was later banned from politics by the Constitutional Court of Turkey for allegedly violating the separation of religion and state as mandated by the constitution.The political ideology and movement founded by Erbakan, Millî Görüş, argues that Turkey can develop with its own power by protecting its religious values and moving forward with faster steps by rivaling the Western countries in favor of closer relations to Muslim countries. With the Millî Görüş ideology, Erbakan was the founder and leader of several prominent Islamic political parties in Turkey from the 1960s to the 2010s, namely the National Order Party (MNP), the National Salvation Party (MSP), the Welfare Party (RP), the Virtue Party (FP), and the Felicity Party (SP).
<America_Ferrera>	America Georgina Ferrera (/fəˈrɛərə/; born April 18, 1984) is an American actress. Born in Los Angeles to Honduran parents, Ferrera developed an interest in acting at a young age, performing in several stage productions at her school. She made her feature film debut in 2002 with the comedy-drama Real Women Have Curves, earning praise for her performance. Ferrera has won an Emmy Award, a Golden Globe Award, and a Screen Actors Guild Award among others.Ferrera achieved modest success early in her career with roles in films such as the Disney original film Gotta Kick It Up! (2002) and the drama The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants (2005); the latter earned her the Imagen Award Best Actress and her first nomination at the ALMA Awards. She undertook television roles including the eponymous role on the ABC comedy-drama Ugly Betty (2006–2010). She was praised for playing the protagonist of the series, Betty Suarez, and won Best Actress Awards in 2007 from the Golden Globe Awards, the Screen Actors Guild Awards, and the Primetime Emmy Award, the first for a Latina woman in the category.
<Oxford_United_F.C.>	Oxford United Football Club is a professional football club in the city of Oxford, England. The team plays in League One, the third tier of the English football league system. The chairman is Grant Ferguson, the manager is Karl Robinson and the team captain is Elliott Moore.The club was founded on 27 October 1893 as Headington Football Club. Headington merged with local rivals Headington Quarry on 25 July 1911 and was renamed Headington United. Oxford United adopted its current name in 1960. It joined the Football League in 1962 after winning the Southern Football League, reaching the Second Division in 1968. After relegation in 1976, between 1984 and 1986 the club earned successive promotions into the First Division, and won the League Cup in 1986. However, Oxford was unable thereby to enter the 1987 UEFA Cup because of the UEFA ban on English clubs in European competitions. Relegation from the top flight in 1988 began an 18-year decline which saw the club relegated to the Conference in 2006, becoming the first winners of a major trophy to be relegated from the Football League. After four seasons, Oxford returned to League Two in 2010 via the playoffs, and six seasons later achieved promotion to League One, after finishing second in League Two in 2016.
<Vadym_Milko>	Vadym Ivanovych Milko (Ukrainian: Вадим Іванович Мілько; born 22 August 1986) is a Ukrainian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Kolos Kovalivka.This biographical article related to a Ukrainian association football midfielder born in the 1980s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Hal_Mohr>	Hal Mohr, A.S.C. (August 2, 1894 in San Francisco – May 10, 1974 in Santa Monica, California) was a famed movie cinematographer. He is known for his Oscar-winning work on the 1935 film, A Midsummer Night's Dream. He was awarded another Oscar for his work on The Phantom of the Opera in 1943, and received a nomination for The Four Poster in 1952.From a young age, Hal Mohr wanted to pursue a career in cinematography because he was curious to learn about how to make pictures move onscreen. He worked as a photo finisher in a photo lab to gain experience with the camera. When he was 19 years old, he filmed his first movie, Pam's Daughter, which, unfortunately, was never seen by the public because of problems with the motion picture distribution company.Mohr moved to Hollywood in 1915 and began working at Universal City to gain further experience in the industry. There,  he filmed The Jazz Singer in 1927 for Warner Brothers.
<Dream_House_(game_show)>	Dream House is an American game show that saw contestants competing to win, as the title of the show indicates, a new house. The show originally premiered in primetime on ABC on March 27, 1968, with a daytime edition premiering on April 1, 1968. The primetime series aired weekly until September 19, 1968 and the daytime series aired daily until January 2, 1970, when it was replaced with All My Children. The daytime series was revived for NBC's daytime schedule and premiered on April 4, 1983, running until June 29, 1984.The original Dream House was hosted by Mike Darow with Chet Gould announcing. Bob Eubanks hosted the revival series with Johnny Gilbert as announcer. The ABC version was recorded in New York City, while the NBC run was staged at the network's studios in Burbank, California.The first format involved two couples competing in a game of quick recall. The first contestant to buzz-in answered and received five points for a correct response. If the contestant was wrong, however, the other couple could try to answer for ten points. When a contestant gave a correct answer, he or she was locked out of the next question.
<Norman_Maurer>	Norman Albert Maurer (May 13, 1926 – November 23, 1986) was a comic book artist and writer, and a director and producer of films and television shows.Maurer's lifelong association with the Three Stooges began about the time of his marriage to Joan Howard, the daughter of the comedy team's Moe Howard on June 29, 1947. In 1949, he produced two Three Stooges comic book issues for Jubilee, based on the short films the team was making for Columbia Pictures. In 1953, Maurer created the first 3-D comics, Three-Dimension Comics featuring Mighty Mouse, with his brother, Leonard Maurer, and Joe Kubert. Two three-dimensional Stooge comics were also issued in 1953. He returned to the Stooges in comic form in 1972 with Gold Key Comics' The Little Stooges, which ran for seven issues over the next two years.
<The_Flick>	The Flick is a play by Annie Baker that received the 2014 Pulitzer Prize for Drama and won the 2013 Obie Award for Playwriting. The Flick premiered Off-Broadway at Playwrights Horizons in 2013.The Flick debuted Off-Broadway at Playwrights Horizons on March 12, 2013, after previews from February 15, 2013. Sam Gold directed a cast featuring Alex Hanna (Skylar/The Dreaming Man), Louisa Krause (Rose), Matthew Maher (Sam), and Aaron Clifton Moten (Avery). Scenery and costumes were designed by David Zinn.  Lighting was fashioned by Jane Cox; sound by Bray Poor. Baker received a Harold and Mimi Steinberg Charitable Trust Commission, and the Steinberg Playwright Award. The play closed on April 7, 2013.
<Eduard_Lazarev>	Eduard Leonidovich Lazarev (Russian: Эдуард Леонидович Лазарев) is a Moldovan composer of Russian descent.Lazarev arranged the State Anthem of the Moldavian SSR in 1980, with authorization of The First Secretary of the Moldavian Communist Party Ivan Bodiul.In April 1979, Lazarev received a premiere at the Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow when he combined music with excerpts from speeches of Vladimir Lenin in the opera "Chemarea Revoluţiei" (The Call of the Revolution; also known as Leniniana), which lasted only nine performances.[citation needed] Between 1974 and 1983 he wrote Master and Margarita, a ballet in 8 acts. His second Piano Trio (1992) has been recorded by the Moscow Piano Trio.
<Unity_(Latvian_political_party)>	Unity (Latvian: Vienotība, V) is a liberal-conservative political party in Latvia. It is a member of the New Unity alliance and is positioned on the centre-right on the political spectrum.It was formed in 2010 as an electoral alliance and in 2011, it was registered as a political party. It was the leading party in the Dombrovskis and Straujuma cabinets from its inception in 2010 until February 2016; it is a member of the current coalition since January 2019 with its member Krišjānis Kariņš as Prime Minister. Unity is a member of the European People's Party (EPP). Since 2017, its chairman of the Main Board has been the former Minister for Economics of Latvia, Arvils Ašeradens, who succeeded former European Commissioner Andris Piebalgs.
<Orange,_New_Jersey>	The City of Orange is a township in Essex County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey. As of the 2010 U.S. census, the township's population was 30,134, reflecting a decline of 2,734 (−8.3%) from the 32,868 counted in 2000.Orange was originally incorporated as a township by an act of the New Jersey Legislature on November 27, 1806, from portions of Newark Township. Portions of the township were taken on April 14, 1834, to form the now-defunct Clinton Township. On January 31, 1860, Orange was reincorporated as a town. Portions of the town were taken to form South Orange Township (April 1, 1861, now known as Maplewood), Fairmount (March 11, 1862, now part of West Orange), East Orange Township (March 4, 1863) and West Orange Township (April 10, 1863). On April 3, 1872, Orange was reincorporated as a city. In 1982, the city was one of four Essex County municipalities to pass a referendum to become a township,joining 11 municipalities that had already made the change, of what would ultimately be more than a dozen Essex County municipalities to reclassify themselves as townships in order to take advantage of federal revenue sharing policies that allocated townships a greater share of government aid to municipalities on a per capita basis. The city derives its name from William III of England or William IV, Prince of Orange.
<Edward_Stanley,_17th_Earl_of_Derby>	Edward George Villiers Stanley, 17th Earl of Derby, KG, GCB, GCVO, TD, PC, JP (4 April 1865 – 4 February 1948), styled Mr Edward Stanley until 1886, then The Hon Edward Stanley and then Lord Stanley from 1893 to 1908, was a British soldier, Conservative politician, diplomat, and racehorse owner. He was twice Secretary of State for War and also served as British Ambassador to France.Stanley was born at 23 St James's Square, London, the eldest son of Frederick Stanley (later the 16th Earl of Derby), by his wife Lady Constance Villiers. Frederick Stanley was the second son of Edward Smith-Stanley, 14th Earl of Derby, who was three times Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Villiers was the daughter of the Liberal statesman George Villiers, 4th Earl of Clarendon. Edward Stanley was educated at Wellington College, Berkshire, where he boarded as a pupil of Stanley House, named in honour of his paternal grandfather the 14th Earl.[citation needed]
<Gerald_Walpin>	Gerald Walpin (September 1, 1931 – June 24, 2016) was an American lawyer and author. He served as the Inspector General of the Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS) from January 2007 until June 2009, when he was removed by U.S. President Barack Obama.Walpin was born September 1, 1931, in New York City, and graduated from the City College of New York in 1952. He attended Yale Law School, where he was managing editor of the Yale Law Journal, graduating cum laude in 1955. Walpin was married, with three children and six grandchildren.
<Djamel_Abdoun>	Djamel Abdoun (born 14 February 1986) is an Algerian retired professional footballer who played as a winger.In the summer of 2011, Abdoun signed a three-year contract with Olympiacos, on a free transfer from Kavala, due to their relegation to the fourth division. He has since won the double with Olympiacos, winning the 2011–12 Superleague Greece and the 2012 Greek Cup. In the summer of 2013, Abdoun signed a three-year contract with Football League Championship club Nottingham Forest.
<CE_L'Hospitalet>	Centre d'Esports l'Hospitalet is a Spanish football team based in L'Hospitalet de Llobregat, in the autonomous community of Catalonia. Founded in 1957 it currently plays in Tercera División RFEF - Group 5, holding home games at Estadi Municipal de Futbol de L'Hospitalet, with a capacity of 6,740 seats.Centre D'Esports L'Hospitalet was founded in 1957, through of merger of the three teams from the city: UD Hospitalet, CD Santa Eulalia and CF Hércules.It managed to appear three times in Segunda División, but this was prior to the creation of Segunda División B as the new third level, a category the club first reached in 1982 and where it would remain for the vast majority of the following two decades.
<Desmond_Morris>	Desmond John Morris FLS hon. caus. (born 24 January 1928) is an English zoologist, ethologist and surrealist painter, as well as a popular author in human sociobiology. He is known for his 1967 book The Naked Ape, and for his television programmes such as Zoo Time.Morris was born in Purton, Wiltshire, to Marjorie (née Hunt) and children's fiction author Harry Morris. In 1933, the Morrises moved to Swindon where Desmond developed an interest in natural history and writing. He was educated at Dauntsey's School, a boarding school in Wiltshire.
<Kensington_Palace>	Kensington Palace is a royal residence set in Kensington Gardens, in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea in London, England. It has been a residence of the British royal family since the 17th century, and is currently the official London residence of the Prince and Princess of Wales, the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester, the Duke and Duchess of Kent, and Prince and Princess Michael of Kent.Today, the State Rooms are open to the public and managed by the independent charity Historic Royal Palaces, a nonprofit organisation that does not receive public funds. The offices and private accommodation areas of the palace remain the responsibility of the Royal Household and are maintained by the Royal Household Property Section.  The palace also displays many paintings and other objects from the Royal Collection.
<Oleksiy_Kurilov>	Oleksiy Kurilov (Ukrainian: Олексій Миколайович Курілов; born 24 April 1988) is a professional Ukrainian football defender.Kurilov is the product of the Shakhtar Donetsk youth school system. In Shakhtar, Kurylov played in 17 games in the Reserves, one in Shakhtar II and 10 games for Shakhtar III. He was bought by Metalist during the 2006–2007 season in 2007, however was put in Metalist Reserves. Myron Markevych promoted Oleksiy Kurilov to the senior team during the 2007–08 season, where he gave his debut in the Ukrainian Premier League. In the winter break 2008–09 he was transferred to Zorya Luhansk.
<Narmad_Suvarna_Chandrak>	Narmad Suvarna Chandrak (Gujarati: નર્મદ સુવર્ણ ચંદ્રક), also known as the Narmad Gold Medal or Narmad Chandrak, is a literary honour in Gujarat, India. It is bestowed by the organisation known as Narmad Sahitya Sabha, Surat, in remembrance of renowned Gujarati poet Narmad. Each year, the medal is awarded to the author of the most outstanding book written in the Gujarati language.The recipients of the Narmad Suvarna Chandrak listed by year:
<Griffin_Dunne>	Thomas Griffin Dunne (/ˈdʌn/; born June 8, 1955) is an American actor, film producer, and film director. Dunne studied acting at The Neighborhood Playhouse School of the Theatre in New York City. He is known for portraying Jack Goodman in An American Werewolf in London (1981) and Paul Hackett in After Hours (1985), for which he was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy.Thomas Griffin Dunne was born in New York City, to Ellen Beatriz (née Griffin) and Dominick Dunne. He is the older brother of Alexander and Dominique Dunne. His mother founded the victims' rights organization Justice for Homicide Victims after Dominique's murder in 1982. His father was a producer, writer, and actor. He is also a nephew of writers John Gregory Dunne and Joan Didion. Raised in Los Angeles, Dunne attended the Fay School in Southborough, Massachusetts  and then went to Fountain Valley School in Colorado Springs, Colorado where he developed an interest in acting, appearing in many school plays. He was scheduled to perform in a school production of Othello when on the eve of a performance, a teacher found him smoking marijuana. Dunne was immediately expelled, and moved back to New York soon afterwards to pursue his acting interests. He studied acting at the Neighborhood Playhouse School of the Theatre under Sanford Meisner.
<Eric_H._Davidson>	Eric Harris Davidson (April 13, 1937 – September 1, 2015) was an American developmental biologist at the California Institute of Technology.  Davidson was best known for his pioneering work on the role of gene regulation in evolution, on embryonic specification and for spearheading the effort to sequence the genome of the purple sea urchin, Strongylocentrotus purpuratus.  He devoted a large part of his professional career to developing an understanding of embryogenesis at the genetic level. He wrote many academic works describing his work, including a textbook on early animal development.Davidson began conducting research as a teenager at The Marine Biological Laboratory.  After graduating from high school, he matriculated to the University of Pennsylvania and graduated with a B.A. in biology in 1958.  Davidson's Ph.D. work entailed studying RNA synthesis and gene expression in early development of the anuran Xenopus laevis in the lab of Alfred Mirsky at Rockefeller University.After obtaining his Ph.D., Davidson stayed on at Rockefeller first as a research associate and then as an assistant professor.  In 1971, he moved to the California Institute of Technology as an associate professor.  There, Davidson took an interest in development of marine invertebrates, especially of the purple sea urchin Strongylocentrotus purpuratus, and in investigating the function of genomic repetitive DNA elements, both interests of which would lead to a long line of investigation that eventually led to his contemporary interest in gene regulatory networks.
<Manchester_United_F.C.>	Manchester United Football Club, commonly referred to as Man United (often stylised as Man Utd), or simply United, is a professional football club based in Old Trafford, Greater Manchester, England. The club competes in the Premier League, the top division in the English football league system. Nicknamed the Red Devils, it was founded as Newton Heath LYR Football Club in 1878, but changed its name to Manchester United in 1902. The club moved from Newton Heath to its current stadium, Old Trafford, in 1910.Manchester United have won a record 20 League titles, 12 FA Cups, five League Cups, and a record 21 FA Community Shields. They have won the European Cup/UEFA Champions League three times, and the UEFA Europa League, the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, the UEFA Super Cup, the Intercontinental Cup and the FIFA Club World Cup once each. In 1968, under the management of Matt Busby, 10 years after eight of the club's players were killed in the Munich air disaster, they became the first English club to win the European Cup. Alex Ferguson is the club's longest-serving and most successful manager, winning 38 trophies, including 13 league titles, five FA Cups, and two Champions League titles between 1986 and 2013. In the 1998–99 season, under Ferguson, the club became the first in the history of English football to achieve the European treble of the Premier League, FA Cup, and UEFA Champions League. In winning the UEFA Europa League under José Mourinho in 2016–17, they became one of five clubs to have won the original three main UEFA club competitions (the Champions League, Europa League and Cup Winners' Cup).
<Jean-Claude_van_Itallie>	Jean-Claude van Itallie (May 25, 1936 – September 9, 2021) was a Belgian-born American playwright, performer, and theatre workshop teacher. He is best known for his 1966 anti-Vietnam War play America Hurrah; The Serpent, an ensemble play he wrote with Joseph Chaikin's Open Theatre; his theatrical adaptation of the Tibetan Book of the Dead; and his translations of Anton Chekhov's plays.Van Itallie was born in Brussels, Belgium on May 25, 1936, to Hugo Ferdinand van Itallie (an investment banker) and Marthe Mathilde Caroline Levy van Itallie. His family was Jewish. In 1940, when the Nazis invaded Brussels, he fled with his family to France, where they received visas to Portugal from the Portuguese consul Aristides de Sousa Mendes. They stayed in Estoril, at the Pensão Royal, between 8 July and 28 September 1940. On the same day, they boarded the S.S. Hakozaki Maru headed for New York City, arriving on 10 October.Van Itallie grew up in Great Neck, New York, studied at Great Neck High School and Deerfield Academy in Deerfield, Massachusetts, and graduated from Harvard College in 1958. He has one sibling, his brother Michael van Itallie.
<Portugal_national_under-20_football_team>	The Portugal national under-20 football team is the national under-20 football team of Portugal and is controlled by the Portuguese Football Federation, the governing body for football in Portugal.The U20 team acts mainly as a feeder team for the under-21s and provides further international development for youth players. The team qualified for its only official match, FIFA U-20 World Cup, depends on U19 results.The Portuguese team has 12 participations in the FIFA U-20 World Cup and 12 in the Toulon Tournament.
<Hamilton_College_(New_York)>	Hamilton College is a private liberal arts college in Clinton, Oneida County, New York. It was founded as Hamilton-Oneida Academy in 1793 and was chartered as Hamilton College in 1812 in honor of inaugural trustee Alexander Hamilton, following a proposal brought forward after his death in 1804. Hamilton has been coeducational since 1978, when it merged with its coordinate sister school Kirkland College.Hamilton is an exclusively undergraduate institution, enrolling 1,900 students in the fall of 2021. Students may choose from 57 areas of study, including 44 majors, or design an interdisciplinary concentration. Hamilton's student body is 53% female and 47% male, and comes from 45 U.S. states and 46 countries. Hamilton places among the most selective colleges in the country, with an 11.8% acceptance rate. Athletically, Hamilton teams compete in the New England Small College Athletic Conference.
<France_national_under-17_football_team>	The France national under-17 football team is the national under-17 football team of France who will be playing in the UEFA European Championship this year or next year and is controlled by the French Football Federation. The team competes in the annual UEFA European Under-17 Championship and the FIFA U-17 World Cup, which is held every two years. The under-17 team also participates in local and international friendly tournaments, such as the Montaigu Tournament.France have won the FIFA U-17 World Cup once in 2001 and also won the UEFA European Under-17 Championship three times in 2004, 2015 and 2022.
<Technische_Universität_Darmstadt>	The Technische Universität Darmstadt (official English name Technical University of Darmstadt, sometimes also referred to as Darmstadt University of Technology), commonly known as TU Darmstadt, is a research university in the city of Darmstadt, Germany. It was founded in 1877 and received the right to award doctorates in 1899. In 1882, it was the first university in the world to set up a chair in electrical engineering. In 1883, the university founded the first faculty of electrical engineering and introduced the world's first degree course in electrical engineering. In 2004, it became the first German university to be declared as an autonomous university. TU Darmstadt has assumed a pioneering role in Germany. Computer science, electrical engineering, artificial intelligence, mechatronics, business informatics, political science and many more courses were introduced as scientific disciplines in Germany by Darmstadt faculty.TU Darmstadt founded the IT-Cluster Rhine-Main-Neckar, the "Silicon Valley of Germany". The Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz, the Goethe University Frankfurt and the Technische Universität Darmstadt together form the Rhine-Main-Universities (RMU). TU Darmstadt is a member of TU9, a network of the most notable German Technische Universitäten (universities of technology) and of the Top Industrial Managers for Europe network, which allows for student exchanges between leading engineering schools.
<Henri_Anier>	Henri Anier (born 17 December 1990) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Thai League 1 club Muangthong United and the Estonia national team.Anier came through the Flora youth system. He moved to Esiliiga club Warrior on loan for the 2007 season, and scored 13 goals in 24 league appearances. In January 2008, Anier was promoted to Flora's first team. He made his debut in the Meistriliiga on 8 March 2008, in a 1–1 home draw against Nõmme Kalju. On 29 March 2008, aged 17 years 103 days,Anier became Flora's youngest ever goalscorer in the Meistriliiga when he scored in a 3–0 away win over Tallinna Kalev.
<José_Luis_Morales_Martín>	José Luis Morales Martín (born 2 August 1973 in Madrid) is a Spanish former footballer who played as a forward.Real Madrid
<Westwood_Studios>	Westwood Studios, Inc. was an American video game developer, based in Las Vegas, Nevada. It was founded by Brett Sperry and Louis Castle in 1985 as Brelous Software, but got changed after 2 months into Westwood Associates and was renamed to Westwood Studios when Virgin Games (later Virgin Interactive Entertainment) bought the company in 1992. The company was bought by Electronic Arts alongside Virgin Interactive's North American operations in 1998. In January 2003, it was announced that Westwood, alongside Westwood Pacific (EA Pacific), would be merged into EA Los Angeles. The main studio location closed in March of that year.Westwood is best known for developing video games in the real-time strategy, adventure and role-playing genres. It was listed in Guinness World Records for selling more than 10 million copies of Command & Conquer worldwide.[citation needed]Brett Sperry and Louis Castle met in late 1983 in Las Vegas. Sperry had a background in architecture and psychology and was already working in the gaming industry. Both Sperry and Castle worked as contract programmers. The two eventually became friends and decided to form a company together and named it Brelous Software.
<Eni>	Eni S.p.A. (Italian pronunciation: [ˈɛːni]) is an Italian multinational energy company headquartered in Rome. Considered one of the seven "supermajor" oil companies in the world, it has operations in 69 countries with a market capitalization of US$54.08 billion, as of 11 April 2022. The Italian government owns a 30.33% golden share in the company, 4.37% held through the Ministry of Economy and Finance and 25.96% through the Cassa Depositi e Prestiti. The company is a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index.The name "ENI" was initially the acronym of "Ente Nazionale Idrocarburi" (National Hydrocarbons Board). Through the years after its foundation however, it operated in many fields including contracting, nuclear power, energy, mining, chemicals and plastics, refining/extraction and distribution machinery, hospitality industry and even the textile industry and news.
<Nobel_Prize_in_Literature>	The Nobel Prize in Literature (here meaning for literature) is a Swedish literature prize that is awarded annually, since 1901, to an author from any country who has, in the words of the will of Swedish industrialist Alfred Nobel, "in the field of literature, produced the most outstanding work in an idealistic direction" (original Swedish: den som inom litteraturen har producerat det utmärktaste i idealisk rigtning). Though individual works are sometimes cited as being particularly noteworthy, the award is based on an author's body of work as a whole. The Swedish Academy decides who, if anyone, will receive the prize. The academy announces the name of the laureate in early October. It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the will of Alfred Nobel in 1895. Literature is traditionally the final award presented at the Nobel Prize ceremony. On some occasions the award has been postponed to the following year, most recently in 2018 as of May 2022.Alfred Nobel stipulated in his last will and testament that his money be used to create a series of prizes for those who confer the "greatest benefit on mankind" in physics, chemistry, peace, physiology or medicine, and literature. Though Nobel wrote several wills during his lifetime, the last was written a little over a year before he died, and signed at the Swedish-Norwegian Club in Paris on 27 November 1895. Nobel bequeathed 94% of his total assets, 31 million Swedish kronor (US$198 million, €176 million in 2016), to establish and endow the five Nobel Prizes. Due to the level of scepticism surrounding the will, it was not until 26 April 1897 that the Storting (Norwegian Parliament) approved it. The executors of his will were Ragnar Sohlman and Rudolf Lilljequist, who formed the Nobel Foundation to take care of Nobel's fortune and organise the prizes.
<Jacques_Goudstikker>	Jacques Goudstikker (30 August 1897 – 16 May 1940) was a Jewish Dutch art dealer who fled the Netherlands when it was invaded by Nazi Germany during World War II, leaving three furnished properties and an extensive and significant art collection including over 1200 paintings, many of which had been previously catalogued as "Old Masters". The entire collection, which had been surveyed by Hermann Goering himself, was subsequently looted by the Nazis. Between the two World Wars, Jacques Goudstikker had been the most important Dutch dealer of Old Master paintings, according to Peter C. Sutton, executive director and CEO of the Bruce Museum of Arts and Science. Despite efforts of Goudstikker's widow after the war to regain possession of the collection, it was not until after her death that the Dutch government finally restituted 202 paintings to the Goudstikker family in 2006. To finance efforts to reclaim more of the stolen art, a large portion of them were sold at auction in 2007 for almost $10 million.Goudstikker was born in Amsterdam as the son of the art dealer Eduard Goudstikker. He studied at the commercial school in Amsterdam, and more intensely with Wilhelm Martin and William Vogelsang at Leiden and Utrecht. In 1919, he joined his father's Amsterdam gallery, restructured it as a public besloten vennootschap with himself as the director and major shareholder, and introduced a notably more international style; publishing catalogues in French rather than Dutch, and showing for the first time Italian Renaissance paintings, including The Madonna and Child by Francesco Squarcione. This was revolutionary in the Netherlands of the time, where in 1906, Adriaan Pit, the director of the Rijksmuseum, had stated "We have become chauvinistic with regard to the field of art. This worship of our old school of painting, which started thirty years ago is still alive and appears not to let us appreciate any foreign art."
<Jair_Bolsonaro>	Jair Messias Bolsonaro (Brazilian Portuguese: [ʒaˈiʁ meˈsi.ɐz bowsoˈnaɾu, ʒaˈiɾ -]; born 21 March 1955) is a Brazilian politician and retired military officer who has been the 38th president of Brazil since 1 January 2019. He was elected in 2018 as a member of the Social Liberal Party, which he turned into a conservative party, before cutting ties with it. In 2021, he joined the Liberal Party. From 1991 to 2018, Bolsonaro served in Brazil's Chamber of Deputies, representing the state of Rio de Janeiro.Bolsonaro was born in Glicério, in the state of São Paulo. He graduated from the Agulhas Negras Military Academy in 1977 and served in the Brazilian Army's field artillery and parachutist units. He became known to the public in 1986, when he wrote an article for Veja magazine criticizing low wages for military officers, after which he was arrested and detained for 15 days. A year later, the same magazine accused him of planning to plant bombs in military units, which he denied. A lower court convicted him, but the Brazilian Supreme Military Court acquitted him in 1988. He moved to the reserve in 1988 with the rank of captain and ran for the Rio de Janeiro City Council that year, elected as a member of the Christian Democratic Party. In 1990, Bolsonaro was elected to the lower chamber of Congress and he was reelected six times. During his 27-year tenure as a congressman, he became known for his national conservatism. He is a vocal opponent of same-sex marriage and homosexuality, abortion, affirmative action, drug liberalization, and secularism. In foreign policy, he has advocated closer relations to the United States and Israel. During the 2018 Brazilian general election campaign, he started to advocate economically liberal and pro-market policies. A polarizing and controversial politician, his views and comments, which have been described as far-right and populist, have drawn both praise and criticism in Brazil.
<Willem-Alexander_of_the_Netherlands>	Princess Beatrix *Princess Margriet *Professor Pieter van Vollenhoven *
<Kim_McLagan>	Kim McLagan (born Maryse Elizabeth Patricia Kerrigan, 30 December 1948 – 2 August 2006) was a British model during the 1960s. She was married to The Who's Keith Moon from 1966 to 1975, and to the Small Faces and Faces' Ian McLagan from 1978 to her death.Kerrigan, known as "Patsy" during her youth, was born in Leicester, but moved to Malaya (now Malaysia) at the age of three months when her father, Bill, started work managing a rubber and coconut plantation. She recalled spending most of her childhood being looked after by her nanny, and consequently learned to speak Malay at the same time as English. At the age of seven, she briefly spent time in England before living in Uganda and Tanganyika, both for two years each. By this time, her parents were concerned about her education, so she was enrolled in an Irish Catholic convent school in Bray, Wicklow. She had an unhappy experience there and attempted to run away on several occasions, before settling in Bournemouth at the end of 1963.
<Maxine_Singer>	Maxine Frank Singer (born February 15, 1931) is an American molecular biologist and science administrator.  She is known for her contributions to solving the genetic code, her role in the ethical and regulatory debates on recombinant DNA techniques (including the organization of the Asilomar Conference on Recombinant DNA), and her leadership of Carnegie Institution of Washington.In 2002, Discover magazine recognized her as one of the 50 most important women in science.Singer was born in New York City.  After attending Midwood High School in Brooklyn, she majored in chemistry (and minored in biology) at Swarthmore College.  She went on to earn a Ph.D. in 1957 at Yale University, researching protein chemistry under Joseph Fruton.  Fruton encouraged her to specialize in nucleic acids, and in 1956 she joined the Laboratory of Biochemistry of Leon Heppel at the National Institutes of Health.  She led various biochemical research groups as the Chief of the Laboratory of Biochemistry at the National Cancer institute between 1980 and 1987.
<AIA_Gold_Medal>	The AIA Gold Medal is awarded by the American Institute of Architects conferred "by the national AIA Board of Directors in recognition of a significant body of work of lasting influence on the theory and practice of architecture."It is the Institute's highest award. The medal was established in 1907. Since 1947, the medal has been awarded more-or-less annually.
<UK_Independence_Party>	The UK Independence Party (UKIP; /ˈjuːkɪp/ YOO-kip) is a Eurosceptic, right-wing populist political party in the United Kingdom. The party reached its greatest level of success in the mid-2010s, when it gained two members of Parliament and was the largest party representing the UK in the European Parliament. The party is currently led by Neil Hamilton.UKIP originated as the Anti-Federalist League, a single-issue Eurosceptic party established in London by Alan Sked in 1991. It was renamed UKIP in 1993, but its growth remained slow. It was largely eclipsed by the Eurosceptic Referendum Party until the latter's 1997 dissolution. In 1997, Sked was ousted by a faction led by Nigel Farage, who became the party's preeminent figure. In 2006, Farage officially became leader and, under his direction, the party adopted a wider policy platform and capitalised on concerns about rising immigration, in particular among the White British working class. This resulted in significant breakthroughs at the 2013 local elections, 2014 European Parliamentary elections, and 2015 general election. After the UK voted to leave the EU in the 2016 Brexit Referendum, Farage stepped down as UKIP leader, later joining the Brexit Party. UKIP subsequently saw its vote share and membership heavily decline, losing almost all of its elected representatives amid much internal instability and a drift toward a far-right, anti-Islam message.
<André_Michel_Lwoff>	André Michel Lwoff (8 May 1902 – 30 September 1994) was a French microbiologist and Nobel laureate of Russian-Polish origin.Lwoff was born in Ainay-le-Château, Allier, in Auvergne, France, the son of Marie (Siminovitch), an artist, and Solomon Lwoff, a psychiatrist. He joined the Institute Pasteur in Paris when he was 19 years old. In 1932, he finished his PhD and, with the help of a grant from the Rockefeller Foundation, moved with his wife and co-researcher Marguerite Lwoff to the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Medical Research of Heidelberg to Otto Meyerhof, where he did research on the development of flagellates. Another Rockefeller grant allowed him go to the University of Cambridge in 1937. In 1938, he was appointed departmental head at the Institut Pasteur, where he did groundbreaking research on bacteriophages, microbiota and on the poliovirus. He was awarded numerous prizes from the French Académie des Sciences, the Grand Prix Charles-Leopold Mayer, the Leeuwenhoek Medal of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1960 and the Keilin Medal of the British Biochemical Society in 1964. He was awarded a Nobel Prize in Medicine in 1965 for the discovery of the mechanism that some viruses (which he named proviruses) use to infect bacteria. He was an elected member of the United States National Academy of Sciences, the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and the American Philosophical Society. Throughout his career he partnered with his wife Marguerite Lwoff although he gained considerably more recognition. Lwoff was elected a Foreign Member of the Royal Society (ForMemRS) in 1958. Lwoff was also president of the FEMS for a term of two years from 1974. The FEMS-Lwoff Award in microbiology is named in his honour. 
<Paul_Wong_(musician)>	Paul Wong Koon-chung (born 黃貫中; 31 March 1964), known professionally as Paul Wong, is a Hong Kong musician, singer, songwriter and record producer. He achieved fame in Asia as the lead guitarist of the rock band Beyond until the band disbanded in 2005. After the lead vocalist Wong Ka Kui's death Paul Wong became the lead vocalist and main songwriter for Beyond. He also earned the award "The Best Rock Singer" in Hit Awards in 2012.Paul Wong was born on 31 March 1964, growing up with father, mother and two younger brothers in Kowloon City. Still, his mother later lived separately from her husband and children as his parents divorced.
<João_Paulo_Neto_Martins>	João Paulo Neto Martins (born 30 June 1988) is a Portuguese former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.Born in Oliveira do Hospital, Coimbra District, Martins played most of his youth football with Sporting CP, having arrived at the club's academy in 2000 at the age of 12. From 2007 to 2009 he would be loaned to three teams, C.D. Olivais e Moscavide and Atlético Clube de Portugal in the third division and S.C. Olhanense in the second (one league match during the entire season for the latter side).Released by Sporting in summer 2009, Martins resumed his career mainly in the third tier. He returned to division two in the 2012–13 campaign, signing for Associação Naval 1º de Maio.
<PAOK_FC>	P.A.O.K. FC (Greek: ΠΑΕ ΠΑΟΚ, Πανθεσσαλονίκειος Αθλητικός Όμιλος Κωνσταντινουπολιτών,  Panthessaloníkios Athlitikós Ómilos Konstadinoupolitón, "Pan-Thessalonian Athletic Club of Constantinopolitans"), commonly known as PAOK Thessaloniki or simply PAOK, is a Greek professional football club based in Thessaloniki, Macedonia. PAOK are one of the top domestic clubs, the most widely supported in Northern Greece and with the 3rd largest fanbase in the country, according to the latest polls and researches. A research by Marca in August 2018, reported that PAOK are the most popular Greek football team on social media.Established on 20 April 1926 by Greek refugees who fled to Thessaloniki from Constantinople in the wake of the Greco-Turkish War (1919–1922), they play their home games at Toumba Stadium, a 29,000 seating capacity football ground. Their name, along with the club's emblem, the Byzantine-style double-headed eagle with retracted wings, honours the memory of the people and places (mostly from the city of Constantinople) that once belonged to the Byzantine Empire.
<Ayrshire>	Ayrshire (Scottish Gaelic: Siorrachd Inbhir Àir, pronounced [ˈʃirˠəxk iɲiˈɾʲaːɾʲ]) is a historic county and registration county in south-west Scotland, located on the shores of the Firth of Clyde. Its principal towns include Ayr, Kilmarnock and Irvine and it borders the counties of Renfrewshire and Lanarkshire to the north-east, Dumfriesshire to the south-east, and Kirkcudbrightshire and Wigtownshire to the south. Like many other counties of Scotland it currently has no administrative function, instead being sub-divided into the council areas of North Ayrshire, South Ayrshire and East Ayrshire. It has a population of approximately 366,800.The electoral and valuation area named Ayrshire covers the three council areas of South Ayrshire, East Ayrshire and North Ayrshire, therefore including the Isle of Arran, Great Cumbrae and Little Cumbrae. These three islands are part of the historic County of Bute and are sometimes included when the term Ayrshire is applied to the region. The same area is known as Ayrshire and Arran in other contexts.
<DESFA>	DESFA (National Natural Gas System Operator S.A.) is a natural gas transmission system operator in Greece.  It was established on 30 March 2007 as a subsidiary of DEPA.  In addition to the transmission system, the company also operates Greece's gas distribution networks, and the Revithoussa LNG Terminal.On 11 June 2013, Azerbaijani oil company SOCAR won the tender for acquisition of a 66% stake of DESFA for €400 million. Following Greece's January 2015 legislative election, the offered share was reduced to 49%. The deal, which was expected to be concluded by August 2015, failed in November 2016 as the last offer by SOCAR was rejected. The HRADF issued a new tender on 1 March 2017 with updated conditions of eligibility, officially terminating the previous one.
<Mao_Zedong>	Mao Zedong (26 December 1893 – 9 September 1976), also known as Chairman Mao, was a Chinese communist revolutionary who was the founder of the People's Republic of China (PRC), which he led as the chairman of the Chinese Communist Party from the establishment of the PRC in 1949 until his death in 1976. Ideologically a Marxist–Leninist, his theories, military strategies, and political policies are collectively known as Maoism.Mao was the son of a prosperous peasant in Shaoshan, Hunan. He supported Chinese nationalism and had an anti-imperialist outlook early in his life, and was particularly influenced by the events of the Xinhai Revolution of 1911 and May Fourth Movement of 1919. He later adopted Marxism–Leninism while working at Peking University as a librarian and became a founding member of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP), leading the Autumn Harvest Uprising in 1927. During the Chinese Civil War between the Kuomintang (KMT) and the CCP, Mao helped to found the Chinese Workers' and Peasants' Red Army, led the Jiangxi Soviet's radical land reform policies, and ultimately became head of the CCP during the Long March. Although the CCP temporarily allied with the KMT under the Second United Front during the Second Sino-Japanese War (1937–1945), China's civil war resumed after Japan's surrender, and Mao's forces defeated the Nationalist government, which withdrew to Taiwan in 1949.
<Mark_Meily>	Mark A. Meily is a film director, producer and a film educator who started his career in the Philippines. He has directed campaigns for Procter & Gamble, Colgate-Palmolive, Coca-Cola, DocuSign, and FICO. His feature films have been presented at the film festivals of Deauville, Hawaii, Seattle, Goteborg, Marrakech, Montreal, Busan, Fukuoka and Brussels. He was the chair of the Filmmaking program of the De La Salle-College St. Benilde in Manila. He became the Dean of the School of Design of iAcademy until 2019. In May 2019, his tenth feature, Maledicto, the first film produced by Fox International in the Philippines opened in cinemas. He now lives in San Francisco, California.Meily was born in Manila. He studied at the University of the Philippines College of Fine Arts, the Mowelfund Film Institute. and at the Ecole Supérieure d'Etudes Cinématographiques as French Government Scholar.[citation needed]
<V._M._Goldschmidt_Award>	The V. M. Goldschmidt Award is an award given by the Geochemical Society at the V. M. Goldschmidt Conference for achievements in the fields of geochemistry and cosmochemistry. The award in honor of Victor Moritz Goldschmidt, a pioneer in both those fields.
<Story_Musgrave>	Franklin Story Musgrave (born August 19, 1935) is an American physician and a retired NASA astronaut. He is a public speaker and consultant to both Disney's Imagineering group and Applied Minds in California. In 1996, he became only the second astronaut to fly on six spaceflights, and he is the most formally educated astronaut with six academic degrees. Musgrave is the only astronaut to have flown aboard all five Space Shuttles.Musgrave was born August 19, 1935, the son of Percy Musgrave Jr. (1903–1973) and Marguerite Warton Musgrave (née Swann; 1909–1982). He grew up in Stockbridge, Massachusetts, but considers Lexington, Kentucky, to be his hometown.
<F._A._de_Meuron>	F. A. de Meuron, AIA, was an American architect practicing in Yonkers, New York and later New York City in the late nineteenth and early twentieth century. His main client was the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York for which he designed a number of ecclesiastical structures. He is best known as the designs of the Church of Corpus Christi. His office was located on Main Street, Yonkers, New York in the 1900s and at 31 East 27th Street, New York City in the 1910s.This article about a United States architect or architectural firm is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Luvos>	Heilerde-Gesellschaft Luvos Just GmbH & Co. KG is a German manufacturer of medicinal clay (Heilerde, "healing earth")-based products for both internal and external application. Four different fineness grades of loess in both capsule and powder form are available from the company, as well as cosmetics products. The Luvos purified loess consists mainly of montmorillonite.Luvos was established by alternative medicine practitioner Adolf Just in Blankenburg in 1918.Previously, Just had founded the Jungborn in 1895, a center for alternative healing, where he had extolled and popularized the healing properties of certain clays. The Jungborn was situated between Eckertal and Stapelburg in the Harz, an area which later became part of East Germany. Therefore, the Luvos company was relocated to Friedrichsdorf in the Taunus.The company is still family-owned today and run by Just's great-granddaughter Ariane Kaestner.
<Susan_Golden>	Susan Golden (née Stephens) is a Professor of molecular biology known for her research in circadian rhythms. She is currently a faculty member at UC San Diego.Golden was born in Pine Bluff, Arkansas in 1957. She attended the local public high school, where she was involved with the marching band and school newspaper. She was accepted to the Mississippi University for Women in 1976 as a journalism major, but soon switched her studies to major in biology and minor in chemistry.Golden graduated from MUW in two years, after which she was offered a position in the first cohort of trainees in a NIH-financed doctoral program in genetics at the University of Missouri. During her graduate program, Golden met James Golden, a fellow doctoral student. They later married in 1979. At the University of Missouri, Golden researched the protein makeup of the photosynthetic center in cyanobacteria, work she continued when she moved to the University of Chicago in 1983 as a postdoctoral research fellow.
<West_Los_Angeles>	West Los Angeles is an area within the city of Los Angeles, California. The residential and commercial neighborhood is divided by the Interstate 405 freeway, and each side is sometimes treated as a distinct neighborhood, mapped differently by different sources. Each lies within the larger Westside region of Los Angeles County.The West Los Angeles Community Plan area recognized by the city of Los Angeles is generally bounded by Centinela Avenue on the west; Wilshire Boulevard and Santa Monica Boulevard on the north; National Boulevard, Pico Boulevard, and Exposition Boulevard on the south; and Durango Avenue, Robertson Boulevard, and Canfield Avenue on the east. Among the neighborhoods included within it are Sawtelle, Rancho Park, Beverlywood, Cheviot Hills, Castle Heights, and Century City. The Community Plan area itself is part of the larger West Los Angeles Area Plan Commission area (i.e., the Westside region).
<Enzo_Maresca>	Vincenzo 'Enzo' Maresca (Italian pronunciation: [ˈɛntso maˈreska]; born 10 February 1980) is an Italian  former footballer who played as a midfielder, and a current coach.After starting out at West Bromwich Albion in 1998, he went on to play for several clubs in his country, including Juventus, who loaned him twice for the duration of his contract, and with whom he won the league title in 2002. After being released in 2004, he went to play one season with Fiorentina; he then resumed his career in La Liga with Sevilla (where he remained for four years) and Málaga, appearing in 134 games and scoring 17 goals in the competition whilst winning five major titles with the former side; in between his two spells in Spain he also spent one year in Greece with Olympiacos, later returning to Italy in 2012, where he played until his retirement in 2017, totalling 140 appearances and 17 goals in Serie A.
<Mabel_Lucie_Attwell>	Mabel Lucie Attwell (4 June 1879 – 5 November 1964) was a British illustrator and comics artist. She was known for her cute, nostalgic drawings of children. Her drawings are featured on many postcards, advertisements, posters, books and figurines.Attwell was born in Mile End, London, 4 June 1879, the sixth child of butcher Augustus Attwell and his wife Emily Ann. She was educated privately and at the Coopers' Company School and at the Regent Street school. She studied at Heatherley's and Saint Martin's School of Art, but left to develop her own interest in imaginary subjects, disliking the emphasis on still-life drawing and classical subjects.
<Worcester_Country_Club>	Worcester Country Club is a private country club and golf course in Worcester, Massachusetts. The course hosted the first Ryder Cup in 1927, and was the site of the 1925 U.S. Open, which was won by Willie Macfarlane. Worcester also hosted the 1960 U.S. Women’s Open.  It was the first, and currently only one of three golf courses in the United States to host the men's and women's U.S. Open Championships and the Ryder Cup.  For over half a century Worcester was the only club to have hosted all three events until 2014 when Pinehurst hosted its first U.S. Women’s Open.  Hazeltine made it an elite group of three upon its host of the 2016 Ryder Cup, but notably, Hazeltine is not a classic course (built in 1962).  Worcester also hosted the first-ever U.S. Open qualifying round in 1924.  The club is tied with Oyster Harbors for hosting the most Massachusetts Opens (7) and has also hosted 7 Massachusetts Amateur Championships.  Worcester is one of a few private clubs in the United States that has a bowling alley in the men’s locker room.Worcester Country Club was founded in 1900. In 1913 the club called on golf architect Donald Ross to build an 18-hole golf course on a new site in Worcester and in 1914 President William Howard Taft dedicated the new club. In 1925, the club hosted its first major championship the mensU.S. Open. The event was won by Scottish golfer Willie Macfarlane in a second 18-hole playoff over Bobby Jones. After his arrival in the U.S. from Carnoustie, Scotland, Willie Ogg – who served as one of the early head professionals at the club – was instrumental in arranging for the first Ryder Cup matches to be held at his home course in 1927. Ogg also laid out the Green Hill Golf Club in Worcester, and the course opened up for play on April 1, 1929. Ogg served as vice president of the PGA of America.
<Silverado_Resort,_California>	The Silverado Resort and Spa is a 1,200-acre (4.9 km2) golf, tennis, and spa resort in Napa County, California, United States. The venue is named after the Silverado Mine, a quicksilver mine near Mount Saint Helena. The resort is the fifth largest employer in Napa County.The United States Census Bureau has designated the area surrounding the Silverado Resort as a separate census-designated place (CDP) for statistical purposes. The population of the CDP was 1,095 at the 2010 census.  In October 2017, parts of the resort were damaged by wildfires; flames arrived hours after the conclusion of the Safeway Open.
<Abraham_Colfe>	Abraham Colfe (died 1657) was vicar of Lewisham from 1610 to 1657 and a notable English philanthropist, founding Colfe's School, a reading (primary) or Latin school and five almshouses for the inhabitants of Lewisham (today, part of south-east London). The school later came to bear his name.Colfe declared that the aim of the school was to provide an education for "pupils of good wit and capacity and apt to learn". His original vision was to educate the children of "the hundred of Blackheath", today, most of the pupils come from the four boroughs which surround the school.Colfe invited the Leathersellers' Company, one of the oldest of the city Livery Companies, to be a trustee of his will. Links between the school and the company are strong. The official visitor to the school is Prince Michael of Kent. There is no image of Colfe in existence.
<Paul-James_Corrigan>	Paul-James Corrigan is a Scottish stage and screen actor. He is best known for his roles as Adam in Gary Tank Commander and as Stevie Burns in River City. He is known for his work with s1jobs, after fronting a TV campaign beginning in 2014 'Davie Knows'. The ad drew over 1.6 million views on YouTube.In 2015, he appeared on stage opposite River City co-star Frank Gallagher in Butterfly at the Oran Mor in Glasgow.
<John_Elder_Robison>	John Elder Robison (born August 13, 1957) is the American author of the 2007 memoir Look Me in the Eye, detailing his life with undiagnosed Asperger syndrome and savant abilities, and of three other books. Robison has had several careers. In the 1970s, he worked as an engineer in the music business where he is best known for creating the signature special effects guitars played by the band KISS. In the 1980s, Robison worked for electronics manufacturers Milton Bradley Company (electronic games), Simplex (fire alarms and building control), and ISOREG (power conditioning systems). Robison wrote his first book at age 49.Robison was born in Athens, Georgia, while his parents were attending the University of Georgia. He is the son of poet Margaret Robison (1935–2015) and John G. Robison (1935–2005), former head of the philosophy department at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. During his adolescence, Robison suffered abuse from his father and mother. Robison later dropped out of high school.He married three times and has one son.
<On-Media>	ON Media Corporation ("Orion Network Media"), is a South Korean broadcasting company. Formerly a subsidiary of Korean food company Orion Confectionery, it was acquired by the CJ Group in 2010. Established in 2000, the company is headquartered in Seongnam, Gyeonggi-do and is a leader in the pay television industry in South Korea. On-Media also delivers cable TV and broadband services.This article about a South Korean company is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Luv_Me,_Luv_Me>	"Luv Me, Luv Me" is a song by Jamaican-American reggae singer Shaggy. It was first released on 25 July 1998 with Janet Jackson credited as a featured artist. The song was re-recorded in 2000 with Samantha Cole's vocals after Jackson's label withheld the song from being included on Shaggy's next album. It was released on 31 May 2001 as the third official single from his 2000 album Hot Shot.The song was originally recorded in 1998, as a collaboration between Janet Jackson and Shaggy for the soundtrack to the film How Stella Got Her Groove Back. The song originally sampled "Impeach The President" by The Honey Drippers, and the chorus of Rose Royce's "Ooh Boy" sung by Jackson. The music video for the song features Whoopi Goldberg, Regina King, Angela Bassett and Taye Diggs making cameos. Shaggy later described working with Jackson as "the worst experience of his musical career", claiming Jackson "didn't want to co-operate" and was "a complete nightmare". The version of the song with Janet Jackson was originally released on the How Stella Got Her Groove Back soundtrack. However, when Shaggy announced he wanted to include the track on his next studio album, which would eventually become Hot Shot, Jackson's label, Virgin Records, withheld the rights to releasing her vocals for inclusion on Shaggy's album, thus meaning that Shaggy had to re-record the song if he were to include it on the album. Doing so, he re-recorded the song as a collaboration with Samantha Cole. This was the version included on Hot Shot and released as a single. The version featuring Janet Jackson was later re-released on Shaggy's greatest hits compilation Mr. Lover Lover – The Best of Shaggy... Part 1.
<Donald_Henderson>	Donald Ainslie Henderson (September 7, 1928 – August 19, 2016) was an American medical doctor, educator, and epidemiologist who directed a 10-year international effort (1967–1977) that eradicated smallpox throughout the world and launched international childhood vaccination programs. From 1977 to 1990, he was Dean of the Johns Hopkins School of Public Health. Later, he played a leading role in instigating national programs for public health preparedness and response following biological attacks and national disasters. At the time of his death, he was Professor and Dean Emeritus of the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, and Professor of Medicine and Public Health at the University of Pittsburgh, as well as Distinguished Scholar at the UPMC Center for Health Security.Henderson was born in Lakewood, Ohio on September 7, 1928, of Scots-Canadian immigrant parents. His father, David Henderson, was an engineer; his mother, Eleanor McMillan, was a nurse. His interest in medicine was inspired by a Canadian uncle, William McMillan, who was a general practitioner and senior member of the Canadian House of Commons.Henderson graduated from Oberlin College in 1950 and received his MD from the University of Rochester School of Medicine in 1954. He was a resident physician in medicine at the Mary Imogene Bassett Hospital in Cooperstown, New York, and, later, a Public Health Service Officer in the Epidemic Intelligence Service of the Communicable Disease Center (now the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention—CDC). He earned an MPH degree in 1960 from the Johns Hopkins School of Hygiene and Public Health (now the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health).
<Comet_Group>	Comet Electricals Limited, trading as Comet, is an online electrical retail chain based in the United Kingdom. The company sells consumer electronics and white goods, along with related products and services. Its predecessor, under the same brand name, pioneered the concept of the out-of-town discount warehouse in the United Kingdom.The original company was formed in 1933 by George Hollingbery as a business charging batteries for customers on a weekly basis. The business grew and diversified into radio rentals, and the first store opened in the 1950s. Comet expanded during the 1960s and 1970s, and became a publicly listed company in 1972. The company was purchased by Woolworths, owned by Paternoster Stores (later Kingfisher plc) in 1984.
<Christian_Finnegan>	Fletcher Christian Finnegan (born April 1, 1973), better known as Christian Finnegan, is an American stand-up comedian, writer and actor based in New York City.Finnegan was born in Albany, New York. He grew up in Acton, Massachusetts, and attended The Walnut Hill School, a boarding/day high school focused on programs in the performing, visual, and creative arts and located in Natick, Massachusetts.[citation needed]Finnegan is perhaps best known as one of the original panelists on  VH1's Best Week Ever and as Chad, the only white roommate in the “Mad Real World” sketch on Comedy Central's Chappelle's Show. He can currently be seen as co-host of "Black and White", a series airing on A&E which he created and executive produces. He also co-stars in the TBS series Are We There Yet?. He also co-hosted Zest TV’s web travel show “CustomNATION” and his own music-centric podcast “Audio Spackle” which debuted on Cave Comedy Radio in January 2013.[citation needed]
<Bob_Kushell>	Bob Kushell is an American television writer and producer.  He has written for network television comedies including The Simpsons, 3rd Rock from the Sun, Malcolm in the Middle, Grounded For Life, American Dad!, Samantha Who?, Suburgatory, Anger Management, and FAM. In 2015, Kushell joined Bill Prady to co-create The Muppets, which ran for 1 season on  ABC Television and won a Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Award.Kushell has been nominated for two primetime Emmy Awards and won a Golden Globe. Paley Center for Media has preserved the first season Salute Your Shorts episode "Sponge Saga" in its New York archive, which had its teleplay written by Kushell.Kushell is also the creator and writer of Way to Go, a comedy series for the UK's BBC Three about three men who start an assisted suicide business. It was first commissioned by the BBC in November 2012.
<Luise_Rainer>	Luise Rainer (/ˈraɪnər/ RY-nər, German: [ˈʁaɪnɐ]; 12 January 1910 – 30 December 2014) was a German-American-British film actress. She was the first thespian to win multiple Academy Awards and the first to win back-to-back; at the time of her death, thirteen days shy of her 105th birthday, she was the longest-lived Oscar recipient, a superlative that has not been exceeded as of 2022.Rainer started her acting career in Germany at age 16, under the tutelage of Austria's leading stage director, Max Reinhardt. Within a few years, she had become a distinguished Berlin stage actress with Reinhardt's Vienna theater ensemble. Critics highly praised the quality of her acting. After years of acting on stage and in films in Austria and Germany, she was discovered by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer talent scouts, who signed her to a three-year contract in Hollywood in 1935. A number of filmmakers predicted she might become another Greta Garbo, MGM's leading female star at the time.
<Sexual_Perversity_in_Chicago>	Sexual Perversity in Chicago is a play written by David Mamet that examines the sex lives of two men and two women in the 1970s.  The play is filled with profanity and regional jargon that reflects the working-class language of Chicago.  The characters' relationships come to be hindered by the caustic nature of their words, as much of the dialogue includes insults and arguments.  The play presents "intimate relationships [as] minefields of buried fears and misunderstandings".The play has twice been adapted for film as About Last Night, first in 1986, then again in 2014.Scene: Various spots around the North Side of Chicago, a Big City on a Lake.Time: Approximately nine weeks one summer.
<Flinders_University>	Flinders University is a public research university based in Adelaide, South Australia, with a footprint extending across 11 locations in South Australia and the Northern Territory. Founded in 1966, it was named in honour of British navigator Matthew Flinders, who explored and surveyed the Australian and South Australian coastline in the early 19th century.Flinders' main campus at Bedford Park in Adelaide's south is set upon 156 acres of gardens and native bushland, making it a verdant university . Other campuses include Tonsley, Adelaide Central Business District, Renmark, Alice Springs, and Darwin.  It is a member of the Innovative Research Universities (IRU) Group. Academically, the university pioneered a cross-disciplinary approach to education,[citation needed] and its faculties of medicine and the humanities have been ranked among the nation's top 10.
<Billy_Gibson_(boxing)>	William J. Gibson (1876–1947) was a boxing promoter and manager for Benny Leonard (a former Lightweight champion), Gene Tunney (a former Heavyweight champion), Paulino Uzcudun, and featherweight Louis Kaplan. He was also the owner of the short-lived New York Brickley Giants of the National Football League. Gibson began his career in boxing as a promoter in Bronx. He teamed up with Leonard in 1914 and was his manager up until the 1917 lightweight championship. In 1923, Gibson became the manager of Tunney, who would go on to win the heavyweight title. Gibson retired in 1928.Gibson also served as matchmaker and manager at Madison Square Garden for two years. In 1921, Gibson put his financial backing behind Charles Brickley, who formed the NFL's New York Brickley Giants for one season in 1921. In 1925, the NFL was in need of a franchise in large city market, that could be used to showcase the league. NFL President, Joseph Carr traveled to New York to offer Gibson another franchise. Gibson who lost money heavily on the New York Brickley Giants, refused the offer. However, he referred Carr to his friend, Tim Mara, who established the modern day New York Giants that year.Gibson died of natural causes on July 21, 1947. He was inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 2009.
<Independent_business>	A privately held company (or simply a private company) is a company whose shares and related rights or obligations are not offered for public subscription or publicly negotiated in the respective listed markets, but rather the company's stock is offered, owned, traded, exchanged privately, or over-the-counter. In the case of a closed corporation, there are a relatively small number of shareholders or company members. Related terms are closely-held corporation, unquoted company, and unlisted company.Though less visible than their publicly traded counterparts, private companies have major importance in the world's economy. In 2008, the 441 largest private companies in the United States accounted for US$1,800,000,000,000 ($1.8 trillion) in revenues and employed 6.2 million people, according to Forbes. In 2005, using a substantially smaller pool size (22.7%) for comparison, the 339 companies on Forbes' survey of closely held U.S. businesses sold a trillion dollars' worth of goods and services (44%) and employed four million people. In 2004, the Forbes count of privately held U.S. businesses with at least $1 billion in revenue was 305.Separately, all non-government-owned companies are considered private enterprise. This sense includes both publicly traded and privately held companies, as their investors are individuals in the private sector.
<Kerry_Bentivolio>	Kerry Bentivolio  (born October 6, 1951) is an American politician and teacher of 15 years, who is the former United States Representative for Michigan's 11th congressional district, in office from 2013 to 2015.  Bentivolio, a Republican, defeated Democratic nominee Syed Taj, a physician, in the November 6, 2012 election. Bentivolio was defeated for the Republican nomination in his bid for a second term by attorney David Trott. He launched a write-in campaign for the November 2014 general election but lost again to Trott. After Trott announced he was not seeking reelection in 2018, Bentivolio again sought election in the eleventh district, but finished last in the primary. In October 2019, Bentivolio announced that he would again run for his former congressional seat against Democrat Haley Stevens.Bentivolio worked as a designer in the automotive industry for twenty years, followed by teaching for fifteen years in schools and institutions. He is an Army veteran who served in the Vietnam War, the Gulf War, and the Iraq War.Bentivolio was born in Detroit, Michigan in 1951. Bentivolio was raised in the Detroit area with four brothers. His father, a factory worker, served in World War II, while his grandfather served in World War I.  He attended Oakland Community College from 1971 to 1983 where he earned an associate degree in Liberal Arts. He received his Bachelor of Arts in Social Science from Saint Mary's College in Michigan in 1999.  He transferred to Michigan State University in East Lansing to attend further courses in 1975 and met his future wife, Karen.  Later, he earned a master's degree in Education from Marygrove College in 2001.
<Mutual_Broadcasting_System>	The Mutual Broadcasting System (commonly referred to simply as Mutual; sometimes referred to as MBS,  Mutual Radio or the Mutual Radio Network) was an American commercial radio network in operation from 1934 to 1999. In the golden age of U.S. radio drama, Mutual was best known as the original network home of The Lone Ranger and The Adventures of Superman and as the long-time radio residence of The Shadow. For many years, it was a national broadcaster for Major League Baseball (including the All-Star Game and World Series), the National Football League, and Notre Dame Fighting Irish football. From the mid-1930s and until the retirement of the network in 1999, Mutual ran a highly respected news service accompanied by a variety of popular commentary shows. Mutual pioneered the nationwide late night call-in radio program in the late 1970s, introducing the country to Larry King and later Jim Bohannon.In the early 1970s, acting in much the same style as rival ABC had two years earlier (in 1968), Mutual launched four sister radio networks: Mutual Black Network (MBN) (initially launched as "Mutual Reports"), which evolved to today's American Urban Radio Networks (AURN); Mutual Cadena Hispánica (or in English, "Mutual Spanish Network"); Mutual Southwest Network, and Mutual Progressive Network (was later re-branded "Mutual Lifestyle Radio" in 1980, then retired in 1983).Of the four national networks of American radio's classic era, Mutual had for decades the largest number of affiliates, but the least certain financial position (which prevented Mutual from expanding into television broadcasting after World War II, as NBC, CBS and ABC did). For the first 18 years of its existence, Mutual was owned and operated as a cooperative (a system similar to that of today's National Public Radio), setting the network apart from its corporate owned competitors. Mutual's member stations shared their own original programming, transmission and promotion expenses, and advertising revenues. From December 30, 1936, when it debuted in the West, the Mutual Broadcasting System had affiliates from coast to coast. Its business structure would change after General Tire assumed majority ownership in 1952 through a series of regional and individual station acquisitions.
<Hannah_Storm>	Hannah Lynn Storen Hicks (born June 13, 1962), known professionally as Hannah Storm, is an American television sports journalist, serving as the anchor of ESPN's SportsCenter Face to Face. She was also host of the NBA Countdown pregame show on ABC as part of the network's National Basketball Association (NBA) Sunday game coverage. She is also the play-by-play announcer on Amazon Prime Video during Thursday Night Football with Andrea Kremer.Storm was born in Oak Park, Illinois, and is the daughter of sports executive Mike Storen, who was a commissioner of the American Basketball Association, general manager of that league's Indiana Pacers, Kentucky Colonels and Memphis Sounds franchises, and president of the Atlanta Hawks in the NBA. Her mother, Hannah G. Storen, is a real estate broker. Storm graduated from The Westminster Schools, in Atlanta, Georgia, and in 1983 from the University of Notre Dame.
<David_Jack_(scientist)>	Sir David Jack CBE FRS FRSE (22 February 1924 – 8 November 2011) was a Scottish pharmacologist and medicinal chemist who specialised in the development of drugs for treating asthma. He was head of research and development at Glaxo from 1978 until 1987.Jack was born the sixth and youngest child of a coal miner, in Markinch, Fife, Scotland.  He attended Buckhaven High School before turning down a place at Edinburgh University to become an apprentice pharmacist. In 1944, having completed his apprenticeship, he began a BSc course in chemistry and pharmacy at the Royal Technical College, Glasgow.  He won a number of undergraduate prizes and graduated with first class honours.
<The_Blue_Bird_(play)>	The Blue Bird (French: L'Oiseau bleu) is a 1908 play by Belgian playwright and poet Maurice Maeterlinck. It premiered on 30 September 1908 at Konstantin Stanislavski's Moscow Art Theatre, and was presented on Broadway in 1910. The play has been adapted for several films and a TV series. The French composer Albert Wolff wrote an opera (first performed at the New York Metropolitan Opera in 1919) based on Maeterlinck's original play, and Maeterlinck's inamorata Georgette Leblanc produced a novelization.The story is about a girl called Mytyl and her brother Tyltyl seeking happiness, represented by The Blue Bird of Happiness, aided by the good fairy Bérylune.Maeterlinck also wrote a relatively little known sequel to The Blue Bird titled The Betrothal; or, The Blue Bird Chooses.
<Wellington_Phoenix_FC>	Wellington Phoenix Football Club is a professional association football club based in Wellington, New Zealand. It competes in the Australian A-League, under licence from Football Federation Australia. Phoenix entered the competition in the 2007–08 season after its formation in March 2007, by New Zealand Football to replace New Zealand Knights as a New Zealand-based club in the Australian A-League competition. The club is one of the few clubs in the world to compete in a league of a different confederation (AFC) from that of the country where it is based (OFC).The club's highest achievement is reaching the A-League Preliminary Final in 2010. The club plays matches at Sky Stadium (formerly Westpac Stadium), a 34,500-seat multi-purpose venue in Wellington. Their home kit consists of black and yellow stripes.
<Radio_Caroline_(New_Zealand)>	Radio Caroline was a radio station in Timaru, New Zealand.The station began as a government-owned community based radio station in on 18 January 1949 with the original call sign of 3XC broadcasting on 1160AM. Radio Caroline also broadcast in Twizel originally on 1550AM; the Twizel station ran a hybrid of Radio Caroline and National Radio programming.
<Sink_the_Belgrano!>	Sink the Belgrano! is a 1986 satirical play in verse written by English playwright Steven Berkoff. It premiered at the Half Moon Theatre on 2 September 1986.The play is about British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's decision to torpedo the Argentinian ship General Belgrano, as it was purportedly retreating during the 1982 Falklands War between the United Kingdom and Argentina.[citation needed]
<Darryl_Rouson>	Darryl Ervin Rouson (born July 20, 1955) is a Democratic member of the Florida Senate who has represented the 19th district, which includes parts of Pinellas and Hillsborough Counties from downtown St. Petersburg to downtown Tampa, since 2016. He previously served four terms in the Florida House of Representatives from 2008 to 2016.Rouson was born in New Orleans, Louisiana, as the son of W. Ervin and Vivian. His father was a guidance counselor at Gibbs Junior College and an administrator at St. Petersburg Junior College. He was also vice president of student affairs Palm Beach Junior College in Lake Worth, Florida. He died in 1979. His mother taught French and English at Sixteenth Street Junior High and Lakewood Senior High. She was a pioneer of integration in Pinellas County.[citation needed] She lived for a time in Minnesota where her leadership extended to many arenas: she was the first African American elected to the School Board for the Burnsville-Egan School District (in the Twin Cities metro), she co-founded the Dakota County Society of Black Women, and she served as interim director at Normandale Community College's women's center. She retired to Washington, D.C.Rouson came to St. Petersburg at age three and lived in Cromwell Heights. He attended a Bishop Barry High School which later became St. Petersburg Catholic High School. He returned to New Orleans to attend college at Xavier University and graduated in 1977. He received his law degree from the University of Florida Spessard Holland Law Center in 1979. In 1980, he returned to St. Petersburg with a job at Gulfcoast Legal Services.  Shortly afterward, he opened his own practice.
<Willis_Hall>	Willis Edward Hall (6 April 1929 – 7 March 2005) was an English playwright and radio, television and film writer who drew on his working-class roots in Leeds for much of his writing. Willis formed an extremely prolific partnership with his life-long friend Keith Waterhouse producing over 250 works. He wrote plays such as Billy Liar, The Long and the Short and the Tall, and Celebration; the screenplays for Whistle Down the Wind, A Kind of Loving and Alfred Hitchcock's Torn Curtain; and television programmes including Budgie, Worzel Gummidge and Minder. His passion for musical theatre led to a string of hits, including Wind in the Willows, The Card, and George Stiles' and Anthony Drewe's Peter Pan: A Musical Adventure.Born in Hunslet, Leeds, Hall was the only son and elder child of Walter Hall, an engineer's fitter, and his wife, Gladys (née Gibbon). He attended local council schools as well as Cockburn High School.  After school, Hall worked in a variety of jobs, including factory worker, trawler hand, and amusement park attendant. Upon reaching the age of eligibility for National service, Hall volunteered for the regular army, where he served as a signals corporal in Malaya. During idle hours there, he wrote plays for Chinese children that were later broadcast on Radio Malaya and designed sets for Singapore Little Theatre.
<The_Love_Song_of_J._Alfred_Prufrock>	"The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock", commonly known as "Prufrock", is the first professionally published poem by American-born British poet T. S. Eliot (1888–1965). Eliot began writing "Prufrock" in February 1910, and it was first published in the June 1915 issue of Poetry: A Magazine of Verse at the instigation of Ezra Pound (1885–1972). It was later printed as part of a twelve-poem pamphlet (or chapbook) titled Prufrock and Other Observations in 1917. At the time of its publication, Prufrock was considered outlandish, but is now seen as heralding a paradigmatic cultural shift from late 19th-century Romantic verse and Georgian lyrics to Modernism.
<Rex_Shelley>	Rex Anthony Shelley (27 October 1930 – 21 August 2009) was a Singaporean author. A graduate of the University of Malaya in Malaysia and Cambridge trained in engineering and economics, Shelley managed his own business and also worked as member of the Public Service Commission (PSC) for over 30 years. For his service, he was conferred the Bintang Bakti Masyarakat (Public Service Star) by the Government of Singapore in 1978, and an additional Bar the next year.Shelley started writing fiction late in life, publishing his first novel, The Shrimp People, in 1991 at the age of sixty one. The first substantial work by a Singaporean writer about the Eurasian community in Singapore, it was highly commended by The Straits Times and won the 1992 National Book Development Council of Singapore (NBDCS) Award. The books People of the Pear Tree (1993), Island in the Centre (1995) and A River of Roses (1998), on the same theme, followed within a decade; respectively, they won NBDCS Highly Commended Awards in 1994 and 1996, and the Dymocks Singapore Literature Prize in 2000. In 2007 he was the Singaporean winner of the S.E.A. Write Award. Critics have responded positively to his writing, noting its "passionate, humane" style, and observing how his breadth of life experience gave rise to a talent for characterisation plus an ability to blend "a sharp sense of observed commentary with historical detail".
<Dede_Scozzafava>	Dierdre Kathryn "Dede" Scozzafava (/ˈdiːdi skoʊzəˈfɑːvə/ DEE-dee SKOH-zə-FAH-və; born April 28, 1960) is an American  politician in New York. She represented District 122 in the New York State Assembly from 1999 to 2010. Scozzafava held office as a member of the Republican Party, but later became a member of the Democratic Party.Scozzafava was the Republican nominee for the U.S. House of Representatives in New York's 23rd congressional district in a 2009 special election. She faced opposition from some Republican and conservative figures who deemed her too liberal to receive their support. While Scozzafava held an early lead in the polls, she later fell behind Conservative Party candidate Doug Hoffman and Democratic candidate Bill Owens and suspended her campaign shortly before the election; she then threw her support to Owens, the eventual winner. The election received significant national attention, and was alternately described as "a referendum on President Barack Obama" and "a fight over the identity of the Republican Party." The race was also noteworthy due to the Tea Party movement influence on its outcome. A week after the 2009 election, Scozzafava was stripped of her Republican leadership position in the State Assembly. Scozzafava later announced that she would not seek re-election in 2010.In January 2011, Scozzafava was appointed as the New York Deputy Secretary of State for Local Government by Governor Andrew M. Cuomo, a post she held until June 2016. She was later appointed as a Commissioner of the New York State Division of Tax Appeals Tribunal.
<John_McEnery_(Louisiana)>	John McEnery (March 31, 1833, Petersburg, Virginia – March 28, 1891) was a Louisiana Democratic politician and lawyer who was considered by Democrats to be the winner of the highly contested 1872 election for Governor of Louisiana. After extended controversy over election results, the Republican candidate William Pitt Kellogg was certified. McEnery, who had been an officer in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War, was not allowed to take office following a weighing in by the federal government and local Republicans loyal to President Ulysses S. Grant.In the election of 1872, McEnery, a Democrat, was supported by a coalition of Democrats and anti-Grant Republicans, including Republican Gov. Henry C. Warmoth. Warmoth's opponents in the Republican Party remained loyal to President Grant, and supported Republican nominee William Pitt Kellogg.Governor Warmoth had appointed the State Returning Board, which administered elections. A rival board endorsed Kellogg, although Kellogg's board had no returns or ballots to count;  Warmoth was impeached and removed for "stealing" the election. The lieutenant governor, black Republican P. B. S. Pinchback, became governor for the last 35 days of Warmoth's term. Both McEnery and Kellogg had inaugural parties and certified lists of local officeholders. In the spring of 1873, McEnery and his friends formed a rump legislature in New Orleans.
<Tony_Barwick>	James BarwickAnthony Clive "Tony" Barwick (10 July 1934 – 18 August 1993) was a British television scriptwriter who worked extensively on series created and produced by Gerry Anderson.
<Fermat_Prize>	The Fermat prize of mathematical research biennially rewards research works in fields where the contributions of Pierre de Fermat have been decisive:The spirit of the prize is focused on rewarding the results of research accessible to the greatest number of professional mathematicians within these fields. The Fermat prize was created in 1989 and is awarded once every two years in Toulouse by the Institut de Mathématiques de Toulouse. The amount of the Fermat prize has been fixed at 20,000 Euros for the twelfth edition (2011).There has also been a Pierre Fermat medal, which has been awarded for example to chemist Linus Pauling (1957), mathematician Ernst Peschl (1965) and botanist Francis Raymond Fosberg.
<Harold_Pinter>	Harold Pinter CH CBE (/ˈpɪntər/; 10 October 1930 – 24 December 2008) was a British playwright, screenwriter, director and actor. A Nobel Prize winner, Pinter was one of the most influential modern British dramatists with a writing career that spanned more than 50 years. His best-known plays include The Birthday Party (1957), The Homecoming (1964) and Betrayal (1978), each of which he adapted for the screen. His screenplay adaptations of others' works include The Servant (1963), The Go-Between (1971), The French Lieutenant's Woman (1981), The Trial (1993) and Sleuth (2007). He also directed or acted in radio, stage, television and film productions of his own and others' works.Pinter was born and raised in Hackney, east London, and educated at Hackney Downs School. He was a sprinter and a keen cricket player, acting in school plays and writing poetry. He attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art but did not complete the course. He was fined for refusing national service as a conscientious objector. Subsequently, he continued training at the Central School of Speech and Drama and worked in repertory theatre in Ireland and England. In 1956 he married actress Vivien Merchant and had a son, Daniel, born in 1958. He left Merchant in 1975 and married author Lady Antonia Fraser in 1980.
<Eddie_Edwards_(wrestler)>	Eric Maher (born December 30, 1983) is an American professional wrestler, who is known by the ring name Eddie Edwards. He is currently signed to Impact Wrestling where he  is a former two-time Impact World Champion, two-time Impact X Division Champion and a five-time Impact World Tag Team Champion with Davey Richards.Edwards has also wrestled for Ring of Honor (ROH), where he is a former World Champion, the inaugural Television Champion and a two-time World Tag Team Champion with his partner Davey Richards as The American Wolves. He won ROH's Survival of the Fittest tournament in November 2010 which propelled him to win the World Championship. His World Championship victory made him the first wrestler to win the ROH Triple Crown and the first wrestler to ever hold both the Impact Wrestling and ROH Triple Crowns. He was also a regular for the Southern California-based promotion Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG) and has made several tours of Japan with Pro Wrestling Noah, where he is a former GHC Heavyweight Champion, and is, to date, the only foreigner ever to win said championship.
<Claude_Cohen-Tannoudji>	Claude Cohen-Tannoudji (French pronunciation: ​[klod kɔɛn tanudʒi]; born 1 April 1933) is a French physicist. He shared the 1997 Nobel Prize in Physics with Steven Chu and William Daniel Phillips for research in methods of laser cooling and trapping atoms. Currently he is still an active researcher, working at the École normale supérieure (Paris).Cohen-Tannoudji was born in Constantine, French Algeria, to Algerian Jewish parents Abraham Cohen-Tannoudji and Sarah Sebbah. When describing his origins Cohen-Tannoudji said: "My family, originally from Tangier, settled in Tunisia and then in Algeria in the 16th century after having fled Spain during the Inquisition. In fact, our name, Cohen-Tannoudji, means simply the Cohen family from Tangiers. The Algerian Jews obtained the French citizenship in 1870 after Algeria became a French colony in 1830."After finishing secondary school in Algiers in 1953, Cohen-Tannoudji left for Paris to attend the École Normale Supérieure. His professors included Henri Cartan, Laurent Schwartz, and Alfred Kastler.
<Viet_Rock>	Viet Rock is a rock musical by Megan Terry that served as inspiration to the musical Hair. A violent denunciation of the American involvement in the Vietnam War, the play was described by its author as a "folk war movie" comprising scenes of disillusionment and protest to the American military presence in Southeast Asia. Viet Rock is widely considered to be the first rock musical written and performed in the United States, as well as the first protest play about Vietnam. Its premiere also marks the first major theatre production in the United States in which actors left the stage to interact directly with the audience.The play was initially developed in 1965 and 1966 during collaborative workshops at New York City's The Open Theater under the leadership of Joseph Chaikin and Peter Feldman. The company performed improvisations based on accounts of the Vietnam War, and Terry wrote and directed a full-length show based on these improvisations. The music was composed by Marianne de Pury, who developed the songs during the  workshops. It opened at La MaMa Experimental Theatre Club on May 18, 1966.The play then had a two-week run at the Yale Repertory Theatre before its off-Broadway premiere at the Martinique Theatre on November 10, 1966. It closed at the Martinique on December 31 after 62 performances.
<Democrats_(Brazil)>	The Democrats (Portuguese: Democratas, DEM) was a centre-right political party in Brazil that merged with the Social Liberal Party to found the Brazil Union in 2021. It was founded in 1985 under the name of Liberal Front Party (Partido da Frente Liberal, PFL) from a dissidence of the defunct Democratic Social Party (PDS), successor to the National Renewal Alliance (ARENA), the official party during the military dictatorship of 1964–1985. It changed to its current name in 2007. The original name reflected the party's support of free market policies, rather than the identification with international liberal parties. Instead, the party affiliated itself to the international federations of Christian-democratic (CDI) and conservative parties (IDU). The Democrats' identification number is 25 and its colors are green, blue, and white.In October 2021, the party announced its merger with the Social Liberal Party into the new Brazil Union party.
<Joanna_Frank>	Joanna Frank (born Johanna Bochco; March 7, 1941) is an American actress.Her first role was in Elia Kazan's 1963 film America, America as the character "Vartuhi", and she also appeared in The Young Animals (1968) and the cult biker film The Savage Seven (1968). Her later film credits included roles in Henry Jaglom's Always, But Not Forever (1985), and the romantic comedy Say Anything... (1989).On television her first roles were as the malevolent "Regina" in The Outer Limits episode "ZZZZZ" (Season 1, Episode 18), which aired January 27, 1964.[citation needed] The following day, January 28, 1964, the episode "Where the Action Is" in The Fugitive in which she appeared as "Chris Polichek", aired (Season 1, Episode 18). Years later, she appeared on L.A. Law, which was co-created by her brother, television director and producer Steven Bochco and starring her husband, Alan Rachins.[citation needed]
<Neversoft>	Neversoft Entertainment, Inc. was an American video game developer based in Woodland Hills, California. The studio was founded by Joel Jewett, Mick West and Chris Ward in July 1994 and was acquired by Activision in October 1999. Initially, the studio worked with Playmates Toys, where they worked on the game Skeleton Warriors, which was based on a animated television series of the same name. Throughout 1996, the studio grew, and worked on projects with Crystal Dynamics and Sony Computer Entertainment, but due to internal conflicts, they were cancelled.After a meeting with Activision in 1998, the publisher agreed to enter into a deal with the studio to create Apocalypse, which used the game engine created by Neversoft for one of the cancelled Sony projects. During the game's development, Activision asked the studio to work on a prototype for a skateboarding game, and after an impressed reaction from Activision to the prototype, the publisher released the game as Tony Hawk's Pro Skater in 1999 to critical acclaim and acquired Neversoft at the end of that year. Neversoft developed a Spider-Man game for the PlayStation the following year, along with six Tony Hawk's games over the next several years.In 2004, the company split into two teams to work on two games at once, the upcoming Tony Hawk's and a new intellectual property, the western action-adventure game Gun. After Activision's acquisition of Guitar Hero in 2006, Neversoft continued the franchise, working on Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock, which was released in 2007 to similar acclaim to previous games in the franchise. With the game's success, Neversoft focused on developing new Guitar Hero games, passing development of new Tony Hawk's to Robomodo. The last game in the franchise by Neversoft was Guitar Hero: Warriors of Rock in 2010, which received mixed reviews and sold poorly. Due to this, Activision reduced Neversoft to a support studio for future Call of Duty games.
<Yelena_Bonner>	Yelena Georgiyevna Bonner (Russian: Елена Георгиевна Боннэр; 15 February 1923 – 18 June 2011) was a human rights activist in the former Soviet Union and wife of the physicist Andrei Sakharov. During her decades as a dissident, Bonner was noted for her characteristic blunt honesty and courage.Bonner was born Lusik Georgiyevna Alikhanova in Merv, Turkmen SSR, Soviet Union (now Mary, Turkmenistan). Her father, Georgy Alikhanov (Armenian name Gevork Alikhanyan), was an Armenian who founded the Soviet Armenian Communist Party, and was a highly placed member of the Comintern; her mother, Ruf (Ruth Bonner), was a Jewish Communist activist. She had a younger brother, Igor, who became a career naval officer.  Her family had a summer dacha in Sestroretsk and Bonner had fond memories there.
<Crystal_Dynamics>	Crystal Dynamics, Inc. is an American video game developer based in San Mateo, California and part of Embracer Group. The studio developed the Gex, Legacy of Kain, and Tomb Raider series. Founded in 1992 by Madeline Canepa, Judy Lange, and Dave Morse, it was acquired by Eidos Interactive in 1998. It became part of SCi Entertainment in 2005, Square Enix Europe in 2009 and CDE Entertainment in 2022.Crystal Dynamics was founded by Madeline Canepa, Judy Lange, and Dave Morse. Morse, a founder of Amiga Corporation, had previously founded New Technology Group with Dave Needle and Robert J. Mical in 1989 to create a video game console that could succeed those by Nintendo and Sega. In 1990, New Technology Group's founders discussed this idea with Trip Hawkins, the chief executive officer (CEO) of Electronic Arts, who shared with them his vision for such a system. The two companies signed an agreement in September 1990 that would see New Technology Group develop the system under Electronic Arts' provision of software and money. The development of what would become the 3DO Interactive Multiplayer began in 1991, and out of the partnership between New Technology Group and Electronic Arts grew The 3DO Company, led by Hawkins. Canepa and Lange had been marketing executives for Sega, where Canepa (the "Mother of Sonic") had been integral in the launch of Sonic the Hedgehog. On July 8, 1992, Canepa, Lange, and Morse spun off Crystal Dynamics from The 3DO Company as an independent developer. Its first offices were located in the retail space of Palo Alto Airport in Palo Alto, California. Crystal Dynamics started out simultaneously developing Crash 'n Burn and Total Eclipse, which were announced for the then-upcoming 3DO in April 1993. Developing for the 3DO meant that it could produce games for CD-ROM, avoiding the higher costs of cartridges. A 1993 editorial in Electronic Gaming Monthly declared the studio "the hottest new video game company on the upscale scene". In June 1993, Strauss Zelnick resigned as president and CEO of 20th Century Fox to become the president and CEO of the nascent studio. He acquired between 25% and 50% of the company. Lange, who had acted as Crystal Dynamics' president, stated that he had been hired for his business expertise, whereas the creative expertise was already present at the studio, which had twenty-eight developers at that time. Zelnick brought in investors through earlier connections: Home Box Office bought 10% in July 1993, followed by King World Productions acquiring 10% for US$7.5 million in September of that year. While Home Box Office's price was not disclosed, the combined stakes' value was estimated at $20 million. Zelnick's background in film and television increased Crystal Dynamics' focus on full-motion video in its games.
<King's_College_London>	King's College London (informally King's or KCL) is a public research university located in London, England. King's was established by royal charter in 1829 under the patronage of King George IV and the Duke of Wellington. In 1836, King's became one of the two founding colleges of the University of London. It is one of the oldest university-level institutions in England. In the late 20th century, King's grew through a series of mergers, including with Queen Elizabeth College and Chelsea College of Science and Technology (in 1985), the Institute of Psychiatry (in 1997), the United Medical and Dental Schools of Guy's and St Thomas' Hospitals and the Florence Nightingale School of Nursing and Midwifery (in 1998).King's has five campuses: its historic Strand Campus in central London, three other Thames-side campuses (Guy's, St Thomas' and Waterloo) nearby and one in Denmark Hill in south London. It also has a presence in Shrivenham, Oxfordshire, for its professional military education, and another in Newquay, Cornwall, where its information service centre is based. In 2020/21, King's had a total income of £1 billion, of which £188.0 million was from research grants and contracts. It has the fourth largest endowment of any university in the United Kingdom, and the largest of any in London. It is the 12th largest university in the United Kingdom by total enrolment. Its academic activities are organised into nine faculties, which are subdivided into numerous departments, centres, and research divisions.
<Kevin_Fagan_(cartoonist)>	Kevin Fagan (born June 22, 1956) is an American cartoonist and creator of the syndicated comic strip Drabble. Fagan was born in Los Angeles.He attended Saddleback College, and later transferred to California State University, Sacramento as a history major. While there, he submitted his work to the student newspaper, the State Hornet. Shortly afterwards, he was discovered by The Sacramento Union, and was subsequently offered a syndication contract by United Media's  United Feature Syndicate, and he dropped out of CSUS in 1978, just 3 units short of his degree, to take up cartooning full-time. Drabble debuted nationally on March 5, 1979, when he was 22 years old.Fagan still draws each and every comic by hand, including all of the lettering and borders.  His strip appears in over 100 papers worldwide and online.  Eleven Drabble books (most recently "All Wally" in 2017) and a line of greeting cards have been published.  Since 1979, Drabble has run daily with the exception of one week in 1983 and one in 2008, due to Fagan's severe illness.
<State_Council_of_the_People's_Republic_of_China>	The State Council, constitutionally synonymous with the Central People's Government since 1954 (particularly in relation to local governments), is the chief administrative authority of the People's Republic of China. It is chaired by the premier and includes each cabinet-level executive department's executive chief. Currently, the council has 35 members: the premier, one executive vice premier, three other vice premiers, five state councilors (of whom three are also ministers and one is also the secretary-general), and 26 in charge of the Council's constituent departments. The State Council directly oversees provincial-level People's Governments, and in practice maintains membership with the top levels of the CCP. Aside from very few non-CCP ministers, members of the State Council are also members of the CCP's Central Committee.The State Council meets every six months. Between meetings it is guided by a Standing Committee of the State Council of the People's Republic of China [zh] (Executive Meeting) that meets weekly. The standing committee includes the premier, one executive vice premier, three vice premiers, and five other state councillors (normally one of whom serves as Secretary-General of the State Council, and two of whom concurrently serve as ministers).The vice-premiers and state councillors are nominated by the premier, and appointed by the president with National People's Congress' (NPC) approval. Incumbents may serve two successive five-year terms.
<Castle_to_Castle>	Castle to Castle is the English title of the 1957 novel by Louis-Ferdinand Céline, titled in French D'un château l'autre. The book features Céline's experiences in exile with the Vichy French government at Sigmaringen, Germany, towards the end of World War II. One of the characters which appears is the actor Robert Le Vigan, a fellow collaborator.For the first U.S. edition, translator Ralph Manheim won the 1970 National Book Award in category Translation.Castle to Castle was mentioned in a biography of Jack Kerouac, Subterranean Kerouac by Ellis Amburn (St. Martin's Press, 1998). Kerouac was at dinner with Steve Allen and Jayne Meadows at their apartment when he described Céline's work as "a portrait of existence as rotten and mad" (p. 301).
<John_Hicks_(jazz_pianist)>	John Josephus Hicks Jr. (December 21, 1941 – May 10, 2006) was an American jazz pianist, composer, and arranger. He was leader of more than 30 recordings and played as a sideman on more than 300.After early experiences backing blues musicians, Hicks moved to New York in 1963. He was part of Art Blakey's band for two years, accompanied vocalist Betty Carter from 1965 to 1967, before joining Woody Herman's big band, where he stayed until 1970. Following these associations, Hicks expanded into freer bands, including those of trumpeters Charles Tolliver and Lester Bowie. He rejoined Carter in 1975; the five-year stay brought him more attention and helped to launch his recording career as a leader. He continued to play and record extensively in the United States and internationally. Under his own leadership, his recordings were mostly bebop-influenced, while those for other leaders continued to be in a diversity of styles, including multi-year associations with saxophonists Arthur Blythe, David Murray, David "Fathead" Newman, and Pharoah Sanders.Hicks was born in Atlanta, Georgia, on December 21, 1941, the eldest of five children. As a child, he moved with his family around the United States, as his father, Rev. John Hicks Sr, took up jobs with the Methodist church. His family was middle class: "I was brought up as a decent human being, where you had aspirations and there were expectations", he commented. His mother, Pollie, was his first piano teacher, after he began playing aged six or seven in Los Angeles. He took organ lessons, sang in choirs and tried the violin and trombone. Around the age of 11, once he could read music, Hicks started playing the piano in church.
<Harold_H._Schlosberg>	Harold Schlosberg (January 3, 1904 – August 5, 1964) was an American psychologist who was professor of psychology at Brown University from 1928 until the end of his life. Born in Brooklyn, N.Y, Schlosberg earned his Bachelor's (1925) and Ph.D. (1928) degrees from Princeton University.  An experimental psychologist, Schlosberg made notable contributions on subjects ranging from conditioned reflexes to the expression of human emotions.  He co-authored the 1954 2nd edition of Experimental Psychology, an influential textbook used by a generation of graduate students.  Schlosberg served as chairman of Brown's Department of Psychology from 1954 until his death in 1964. As Chair, he was responsible for planning the construction of Hunter Laboratory, at the time a state-of-the-art building expressly designed for undergraduate teaching and the requirements of psychological research, from animal behavior to visual perception.Schlosberg was particularly noted for his work on the conditioned reflex, visual perception  and the analysis of human emotions.   He was among the first to distinguish classical (Pavlovian) conditioning from instrumental (operant) conditioning.  He pioneered the description of emotion in terms of spatial dimensions, with labels such as happy versus sad and disgust versus surprise, a description based primarily on the analysis of facial expressions.Further biographical information at: [1].
<Edward_King_(jurist)>	Edward King (January 31, 1794 – May 8, 1873) was a lawyer and jurist. He was unsuccessfully nominated to the United States Supreme Court twice.King was born on January 31, 1794, in Philadelphia. He was admitted to the Pennsylvania bar in 1816. Soon after, he entered politics, initially as a Federalist and later as a Democrat, eventually rising to leader of the Democratic party in Pennsylvania.In 1825, King was named president judge of the Philadelphia Court of Common Pleas. He was instrumental in establishing Pennsylvania's equity courts, thus drawing national attention to himself.
<Igor_Angulo>	Igor Angulo Alboniga (born 26 January 1984) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward.Formed at Athletic Bilbao, he appeared in only five competitive matches during his spell at the club. He went on to make a name for himself in the Polish Ekstraklasa, surpassing the 80-goal mark for Górnik Zabrze. He also played professionally in France, Cyprus, Greece and India. 
<Edith_Frank>	Edith Frank (née Holländer; 16 January 1900 – 6 January 1945) was the mother of Holocaust diarist Anne Frank, and her older sister Margot. After the family were discovered in hiding in Amsterdam during the Nazi occupation, she was transported to Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp.Edith was the youngest of four children, having been born into a German Jewish family in Aachen, Germany. Her father, Abraham Holländer (1860–1928) was a successful businessman in industrial equipment who was active in the Aachen Jewish community together with Edith's mother, Rosa Holländer (1866–1942). The ancestors of the Holländer family lived in Amsterdam at the start of the 18th century, emigrating from the Netherlands to Germany around 1800. Edith's last name, Holländer, is German for "Dutchman" (literally: "Hollander"). Edith had two older brothers, Julius (1894–1967) and Walter (1897–1968), and an older sister, Bettina. Bettina died at the age of 16 from appendicitis when Edith was 14. Both Julius and Walter immigrated to the United States, surviving afterwards. The Holländer family adhered to Jewish dietary laws and was considered to be religious. Nevertheless, Edith attended the Evangelical Higher Girls' School and passed her school-leaving exams (Abitur) in 1916. Afterwards, she worked for the family company. In her free time, she read copiously, played tennis, went swimming and had a large circle of friends.
<Ivy_Rahman>	Ivy Rahman (Bengali: আইভি রহমান;née Jebun Nahar Ivy; 7 July 1934 – 24 August 2004) was a Bangladeshi politician. She was the Women's Affairs secretary of Awami League. She was killed in the 2004 Dhaka grenade attack.Rahman was the  founding organizing secretary of Awami League's Women's wing, Mohila Awami League, established by Sheikh Mujibur Rahman in 1969. She was elected Women Affairs Secretary of Awami League Central Working Committee in 1978 and 2 years later she became the President of Mohila Awami League. She had served in those positions until 2002.
<John_Hays_Hammond_Jr.>	John Hays Hammond Jr. (April 13, 1888 – February 12, 1965) was an American inventor known as "The Father of Radio Control". Hammond's pioneering developments in electronic remote control  are the foundation for all modern radio remote control devices, including modern missile guidance systems, unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), and the unmanned combat aerial vehicle (UCAVs). Of Hammond's many individual inventions, the inventions which have seen the most significant application are the variable pitch or controlled pitch propellers and single dial radio tuning. He was the son of mining engineer John Hays Hammond, Sr.Born in San Francisco, California, he and his family moved to South Africa and the Transvaal in 1893. His father was active as a mining engineer for Cecil Rhodes' mines in South Africa.  In 1898, the family moved to England, where young Hammond fell in love with castles and life in earlier times.  The family returned to the United States at the turn of the 20th century.At the age of twelve, Hammond accompanied his father on a business trip to Thomas Edison’s laboratory in West Orange, New Jersey. Upon being introduced to Edison, the boy asked so many questions that the inventor gave him a personal tour of the complex and assumed the role of mentor.[citation needed] The two would remain in contact for the rest of Edison’s life. While studying at the Sheffield Scientific School of Yale University, Hammond became interested in the new study of radio waves and he was taken under the wing of Alexander Graham Bell. Bell also became his mentor and the two would remain close friends until Bell’s death.
<Hugo_Moreira>	Hugo Moreira may refer to:
<The_Haunting_(1963_film)>	The Haunting is a 1963 horror film directed and produced by Robert Wise, adapted by Nelson Gidding from Shirley Jackson's 1959 novel The Haunting of Hill House. It stars Julie Harris, Claire Bloom, Richard Johnson, and Russ Tamblyn. The film depicts the experiences of a small group of people invited by a paranormal investigator to investigate a purportedly haunted house.Screenwriter Gidding, who had worked with director Wise on the 1958 film I Want to Live!, began a six-month write of the script after reading the book, which Wise had given to him. He perceived the book to be more about mental breakdown than ghosts, and although he was informed after meeting author Shirley Jackson that it was very much a supernatural novel, elements of mental breakdown were introduced into the film. The film was shot at the MGM-British Studios near London, UK on a budget of US$1.05 million, with exteriors and the grounds shot at Ettington Park (now the Ettington Park Hotel) in the village of Ettington, Warwickshire. Julie Harris was cast by Wise, who found her ideal for the psychologically fragile Eleanor, though during production she suffered from depression and had an uneasy relationship with her co-stars. The interior sets were by Elliot Scott, credited by Wise as instrumental in the making of The Haunting. They were designed to be brightly lit, with no dark corners or recesses, and decorated in a Rococo style; all the rooms had ceilings to create a claustrophobic effect on film. Numerous devices and tricks were used in the filming. Wise used a 30mm anamorphic, wide-angle lens Panavision camera that was not technically ready for use and caused distortions. It was only given to Wise on condition that he sign a memorandum in which he acknowledged that the lens was imperfect. Wise and cinematographer Davis Boulton planned sequences that kept the camera moving, utilizing low-angle takes, and incorporating unusual pans and tracking shots.
<OS-9>	OS-9 is a family of real-time, process-based, multitasking, multi-user operating systems, developed in the 1980s, originally by Microware Systems Corporation for the Motorola 6809 microprocessor. It was purchased by Radisys Corp in 2001, and was purchased again in 2013 by its current owner Microware LP.The OS-9 family was popular for general-purpose computing and remains in use in commercial embedded systems and amongst hobbyists. Today, OS-9 is a product name used by both a Motorola 68000-series machine language OS and a portable (PowerPC, x86, ARM, MIPS, SH4, etc.) version written in C, originally known as OS-9000.
<Shimon_Peres>	Shimon Peres (/ʃiːˌmoʊn ˈpɛrɛs, -ɛz/; Hebrew: שמעון פרס [ʃiˌmon ˈpeʁes] (listen); born Szymon Perski; 2 August 1923 – 28 September 2016) was an Israeli politician who served as the eighth prime minister of Israel from 1984 to 1986 and from 1995 to 1996 and as the ninth president of Israel from 2007 to 2014. He was a member of twelve cabinets and represented five political parties in a political career spanning 70 years. Peres was elected to the Knesset in November 1959 and except for a three-month-long interregnum in early 2006, served as a member of the Knesset continuously until he was elected president in 2007. Serving in the Knesset for 48 years (with the first uninterrupted stretch lasting more than 46 years), Peres is the longest serving member in the Knesset's history. At the time of his retirement from politics in 2014, he was the world's oldest head of state and was considered the last link to Israel's founding generation.From a young age, he was renowned for his oratorical brilliance, and was chosen as a protégé by David Ben-Gurion, Israel's founding father. He began his political career in the late 1940s, holding several diplomatic and military positions during and directly after the 1948 Arab–Israeli War. His first high-level government position was as deputy director general of defense in 1952 which he attained at the age of 28, and director general from 1953 until 1959. In 1956, he took part in the historic negotiations on the Protocol of Sèvres described by British Prime Minister Anthony Eden as the "highest form of statesmanship". In 1963, he held negotiations with U.S. President John F. Kennedy, which resulted in the sale of Hawk anti-aircraft missiles to Israel, the first sale of U.S. military equipment to Israel. Peres represented Mapai, Rafi, the Alignment, Labor and Kadima in the Knesset, and led Alignment and Labor.
<Piku>	Piku is a 2015 Indian Hindi-language comedy-drama film directed by Shoojit Sircar and produced by N. P. Singh, Ronnie Lahiri and Sneha Rajani. It stars Deepika Padukone as the titular protagonist, Amitabh Bachchan and Irrfan Khan, with Moushumi Chatterjee and Jisshu Sengupta portraying supporting roles. The script was written by Juhi Chaturvedi. Principal photography began in August 2014 and was wrapped up in December. Anupam Roy composed the soundtrack and score, and wrote the lyrics.Piku was released on 8 May 2015.  It garnered widespread critical acclaim upon release. Critics praised the screenplay, performances, humour and overall simplicity. The critics especially praised the performances of Padukone, Bachchan and Khan, and the film proved to be a milestone in their respective careers.  It also emerged as a commercial success worldwide. Made on a budget of ₹42 crore (equivalent to ₹54 crore or US$6.7 million in 2020), Piku earned ₹141 crore (equivalent to ₹181 crore or US$23 million in 2020) worldwide.
<Royal_Air_Force>	The Royal Air Force (RAF) is the United Kingdom's air and space force. It was formed towards the end of the First World War on 1 April 1918, becoming the first independent air force in the world, by regrouping the Royal Flying Corps (RFC) and the Royal Naval Air Service (RNAS). Following the Allied victory over the Central Powers in 1918, the RAF emerged as the largest air force in the world at the time. Since its formation, the RAF has taken a significant role in British military history. In particular, it played a large part in the Second World War where it fought its most famous campaign, the Battle of Britain.The RAF's mission is to support the objectives of the British Ministry of Defence (MOD), which are to "provide the capabilities needed to ensure the security and defence of the United Kingdom and overseas territories, including against terrorism; to support the Government's foreign policy objectives particularly in promoting international peace and security". The RAF describes its mission statement as "... [to provide] an agile, adaptable and capable Air Force that, person for person, is second to none, and that makes a decisive air power contribution in support of the UK Defence Mission". The mission statement is supported by the RAF's definition of air power, which guides its strategy. Air power is defined as "the ability to project power from the air and space to influence the behaviour of people or the course of events".
<David_Caspe>	David Herbert Caspe (born October 20, 1978) is an American film and television writer. As a writer-producer, he is best known for his work in television as creator of sitcoms such as ABC's Happy Endings, the Showtime comedy Black Monday, and the NBC sitcoms Kenan and Marry Me. Other work includes writing the 2012 film That's My Boy and co-creating the YouTube Premium series Champaign ILL.David Herbert Caspe grew up in Chicago, Illinois.In 2006, Caspe moved to Los Angeles to pursue a career in screenwriting. In 2010, his screenplay for I Hate You, Dad (later re-titled That's My Boy) was picked up by Sony and Happy Madison productions. The film starred Adam Sandler and Andy Samberg, and was released on June 15, 2012.Caspe's ABC series Happy Endings ran for three seasons, ending its run on May 3, 2013. As well as creating the series, he was also the executive producer and co-showrunner. He went on to create the NBC sitcom Marry Me, which he again collaborated on with his wife Casey Wilson (they had previously met on Happy Endings), the premise was loosely based on Wilson and Caspe's relationship. The series starred Wilson and Ken Marino as a newly engaged couple and ran for one season from 2014 to 2015. Caspe is known to set his shows in his hometown of Chicago.
<Zoë_Ball>	Zoe Louise Ball (born 23 November 1970) is a British radio and television presenter.  She was the first female host of both Radio 1 Breakfast and The Radio 2 Breakfast Show for the BBC, and presented the 1990s children's show Live & Kicking, alongside Jamie Theakston from 1996–1999.Ball was a contestant in the third series of Strictly Come Dancing. Following this, in 2011 she replaced Claudia Winkleman as host of the BBC Two spin-off show Strictly Come Dancing: It Takes Two until her departure in 2021. Ball also hosted the Strictly Come Dancing Live Tour in 2011 and 2015.
<Endgame_(play)>	Endgame, by Samuel Beckett, is an absurdist, tragicomic one-act play about a blind, paralyzed, domineering elderly man, his geriatric parents and his doddering, dithering, harried, servile companion in an abandoned shack in a post-apocalyptic wasteland who mention their awaiting some unspecified “end” which seems to be the end of their relationship, death, and the end of the actual play itself. Much of the play’s content consists of terse, back and forth dialogue between the characters reminiscent of bantering, along with trivial stage actions; the plot is held together by the development of a grotesque story-within-a-story the character Hamm is writing. An aesthetically profound part of the play is the way the story-within-story and the actual play come to an end at roughly the same time. The play’s title refers to chess and frames the characters as acting out a losing battle with each other or their fate.It was originally written in French (entitled Fin de partie) and was translated into English by Beckett himself[citation needed]. The play was first performed on April 3rd, 1957 at the Royal Court Theatre in London in a French-language production. Written before but premiered after Waiting for Godot, it is arguably among Beckett's best works.[citation needed] The literary critic Harold Bloom called it the greatest prose drama of the 20th century, saying "I know of no other work of its reverberatory power", but stated that he could not handle reading it in old age for its harrowing, barebone existentialism[citation needed]. Samuel Beckett considered it his masterpiece as the most aesthetically perfect, compact representation of his artistic views on human existence, and refers to it when speaking autobiographically through Krapp in Krapp's Last Tape when he mentions he had “already written the masterpiece”.[citation needed].Samuel Beckett said that in his choice of character's names, he had in mind the word "hammer" and the word "nail" in English, French and German respectively, "clou" and "nagel".
<Casa_Pia_A.C.>	Casa Pia Atlético Clube is a Portuguese multi-sports founded in 1920 and based in Lisbon, Portugal, best-known for its football team, that competes in the Primeira Liga. The club is named after Casa Pia, a Portuguese children's charity, and many of its athletes come from that institution. Its football stadium is Estádio Pina Manique, named in honor of Pina Manique, the founder of Casa Pia children's charity. Casa Pia AC was one of the most versatile Portuguese clubs, having played 25 sports, with the curiosity of having been the only one who practiced Baseball regularly, beating the strong team of the American Colony on 4 July 1923 at Campo das Laranjeiras by 25-24.On 18 December 1921, when Portugal made their international debut against Spain in Madrid, Casa Pia FC provided the squad with four players in a 1–3 loss, including Cândido de Oliveira, who was the team captain. Casa Pia promoted from Serie E of Terceira Divisão to Centre Group of Portuguese Second Division in 2009–10 season as champions. They were promoted again to LigaPro in 2019. The team will play for the first time in 83 years in the Primeira Liga in the 2022–23 season.Although Casa Pia A.C. was officially founded on 3 July 1920, at the initiative of Cândido de Oliveira, Ricardo Ornelas and David Ferreira (among others), the club's history dates back to 1893, when the Real Casa Pia de Lisboa football team was formed, the first team to defeat the so-called "invincible" team Carcavelos Club in 1898 in a historic victory that forever cemented the practice of football in Portugal.
<Jill_Baker>	Jill Baker (born 1952) is a British actress who has worked extensively in theatre and television for 50 years.Baker is a graduate of the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School.
<Saint_John's_Catholic_Prep_(Maryland)>	Saint John's Catholic Prep (formerly known as St. John's Literary Institution) is a private, Roman Catholic, coeducational, college preparatory high school in Buckeystown, Maryland, located just southwest of Frederick City. At the time of its founding in 1829, it was located on Second Street in eastern downtown Frederick. Beginning in 1958 and for 45 years thereafter, the school was housed in the historic "Prospect Hall" mansion, (1787–1803), also just southwest of Frederick.  St. John's was the first independent Roman Catholic school in the state of Maryland. It was also the first Roman Catholic secondary school in the state of Maryland.In 1756, a small Roman Catholic boys' school was opened in Frederick, Maryland, which provided a space for class and mass to be held. The population of Frederick was expanding, and in 1763 the first Roman Catholic Church (under the Archdiocese of Baltimore) St. John's Frederick-Town Church, was constructed by Father John Williams, the first priest and pastor in Frederick. This new structure would house classes for 66 years.In 1822, a Jesuit priest, Father John McElroy, (1782–1877), was appointed to the pastorate at "St. John's Frederick-Town Church" in Frederick.  His first major action was to work with the religious order Sisters of Charity in nearby Emmitsburg, Maryland to help five sisters opening the "St. John's Female Benevolent and Frederick Free School" in Frederick, in January 1824.
<Isle_of_Man_Steam_Packet_Company>	The Isle of Man Steam Packet Company Limited (abbreviated to IoMSPCo.) (Manx: Sheshaght Phaggad Bree Ellan Vannin) is the oldest continuously operating passenger shipping company in the world, having been founded in 1830.The company provides freight, passenger and vehicle services between the Isle of Man Sea Terminal, in Douglas, Isle of Man, and four ports in the United Kingdom and Ireland. It is owned by the Isle of Man Government.
<Henry_Bowyer_Lane>	Henry Bowyer Joseph Lane (1817–1878) was an English architect who worked in Toronto from c. 1841 to 1847.Lane was born to Henry Bower Lane, a Royal Artillery Captain and Elizabeth Lacey in 1817 and moved to Devon, England after 1819.
<Dirk_van_Braeckel>	Dirk van Braeckel (born 19 February 1958 in Deinze), is a Belgian car designer. He is known for the designing of various models for Volkswagen Group, especially for the Bentley brand.Born in Deinze, after leaving school, van Braeckel studied electrical engineering, before joining Ford as an apprentice car designer in Cologne, West Germany. Ford then agreed to sponsor him undertake a degree in car design at the Royal College of Art, London.On graduation, he joined Audi in 1984, working on external design including the Audi A8 concept and Audi A3. In 1993, Volkswagen Group boss Ferdinand Piëch personally chose him to be the design head for Volkswagen's newly purchased Škoda Auto division, where he revised the entire model line-up, designing the Octavia and Fabia models.
<Naganori_Ito>	Naganori Ito (伊藤 修令, Itō Naganori, born 1937) is a Japanese automotive engineer, and was responsible for the development of the eighth generation R32 Nissan Skyline including the BNR32 Skyline GT-R.Ito was born in Takehara, Hiroshima Prefecture on March 7, 1937 as a son of a rice store owner.He graduated from Hiroshima University in March 1959 and joined Fuji Precision Industries (later Prince Motor Company). In April 1959, he was assigned to the development of the chassis of the first and the second generations Skylines ALSI and S50. After the merger of Prince and Nissan, he was involved in the development of Skyline series, Laurel and Leopard F30. After January 1982, he became the chief engineer of Nissan Prairie (M10) and Nissan March (Micra) K10.In 1984, Shinichiro Sakurai, Ito’s longtime “teacher” since he joined Fuji Precision/Prince, became ill and had to stay at the hospital for a while. Sakurai’s “No. 1 student” Ito was suddenly assigned to complete the design of the seventh generation R31 Skyline which Sakurai was responsible for. But the only thing Ito did about the R31 was preparing and submitting the model registration documents to the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism.
<Nemmers_Prize_in_Mathematics>	The Frederic Esser Nemmers Prize in Mathematics is awarded biennially from Northwestern University. It was initially endowed along with a companion prize, the Erwin Plein Nemmers Prize in Economics, as part of a $14 million donation from the Nemmers brothers. They envisioned creating an award that would be as prestigious as the Nobel prize. To this end, the majority of the income earned from the endowment is returned to the principal in order to increase the size of the award.As of 2020, the award carries a $200,000 stipend and the scholar spends several weeks in residence at Northwestern University.Following recipients received this award:
<Hobart_Tuckey>	Hobart Tuckey (27 April 1884 – 10 March 1951) was an Australian politician who was a member of the Legislative Council of Western Australia from 1934 until his death, representing South-West Province.Tuckey was born in Mandurah, Western Australia, to Emma (née Bell) and Charles Tuckey. After leaving school, he worked as a telegraphist in Fremantle for a period, and then served as postmaster in Narrogin and Wagin (two rural centres). Tuckey eventually returned to Mandurah, where he was variously a storekeeper, commercial agent, publican, and farmer. He was elected to the Murray Road Board in 1914, and remained a member for most of the rest of his life, including as chairman for around 30 years. Tuckey first stood for parliament at the 1930 state election, when he contested the Legislative Assembly. He was one of three Nationalist Party candidates in the seat of Murray-Wellington, with the eventual winner being Ross McLarty (a future premier). Tuckey won election to the Legislative Council at the 1934 elections, and was re-elected to two more six-year terms in 1940 and 1946. He died in office in March 1951, aged 66, after several months of ill health.
<Nick_Flynn>	Nick Flynn (born January 26, 1960) is an American writer, playwright, and poet. His writing is characterized by lyric, distilled moments, which blur the boundaries of various genres. Many of his books are structured using a collage technique, which creates narratives with fractured, mosaic qualities. His work can be classified as récit—a French term for writing that is not the narration of an event, but an event itself. Several of his books are what he refers to as "siblings" to each other, in that they examine similar material from various perspectives.Nick Flynn was raised by his mother in Scituate, Massachusetts, a suburb of Boston.
<Bristol_Rovers_F.C.>	Bristol Rovers Football Club are a professional football club in Bristol, England. They compete in League One, the third tier of the English football league system. They play home matches at the Memorial Stadium in Horfield, they have been competing there since 1996. They spent 89 years in the heart of North Bristol between 1897 to 1986 at the Eastville Stadium. Following a sale of the land they spent ten years at Twerton Park in Bath. The club's official nickname is "The Pirates", reflecting the maritime history of Bristol. The local nickname of the club is "The Gas", derived from the gasworks next to their former home, Eastville Stadium. This nickname originally began as a derogatory term used by fans of their main rivals, Bristol City, but was affectionately adopted by the club and its supporters. Cardiff City and Swindon Town are considered their second and third biggest rivals. Other rivalries include; Cheltenham Town, Exeter City, Forest Green Rovers, Plymouth Argyle, Torquay United and Yeovil Town. These rivalries are considered West Country Derbies and are often heated encounters. The women's team play in the Gloucestershire County Women's League.
<La_fille_mal_gardée_(Ashton)>	La fille mal gardée (English: The Wayward Daughter, literal translation: "The Poorly Guarded Girl"), Frederick Ashton's Royal Ballet production, began in 1959 when British choreographer Frederick Ashton created a new version of La fille mal gardée for the Royal Ballet of London. This production premiered on 28 January 1960, with Nadia Nerina as Lise, David Blair as Colas, Stanley Holden as the Widow Simone, and Alexander Grant as Alain. Since its inception Ashton's staging has become a celebrated classic of the ballet repertory.Originally Ashton intended to use the 1864 score of Peter Ludwig Hertel, as it had been used for nearly every revival of the ballet since the late 19th century, but after close inspection of this music Ashton decided it would not suit his plans for the revival. At the suggestion of the ballet historian and musicologist Ivor Guest, Ashton studied the 1828 score by Ferdinand Hérold, and found the light, simple music more suitable for his conception.
<Sergey_Tsvetinsky>	Sergey Tsvetinsky (Belarusian: Сяргей Цвяцiнскi; Russian: Сергей Цветинский; born 22 February 1984) is a Belarusian professional footballer.In July 2020 Tsvetinsky was found guilty of being involved in a match-fixing schema in Belarusian football. He was sentenced to one year of community service and banned from Belarusian football for one year.MTZ-RIPO Minsk
<François_Jacob>	François Jacob (17 June 1920 – 19 April 2013) was a French biologist who, together with Jacques Monod, originated the idea that control of enzyme levels in all cells occurs through regulation of transcription. He shared the 1965 Nobel Prize in Medicine with Jacques Monod and André Lwoff.Jacob was born the only child of Simon, a merchant, and Thérèse (Franck) Jacob, in Nancy, France.  An inquisitive child, he learned to read at a young age.  Albert Franck, Jacob's maternal grandfather, a four-star general, was Jacob's childhood role model.  At seven he entered the Lycée Carnot, where he was schooled for the next ten years; in his autobiography he describes his impression of it: "a cage".  He was antagonized by rightist youth at the Lycée Carnot around 1934.  He describes his father as a "conformist in religion", while his mother and other family members important in his childhood were secular Jews; shortly after his bar mitzvah he became an atheist.
<Gypsy_Rose_Lee>	Gypsy Rose Lee (born Rose Louise Hovick, January 8, 1911 – April 26, 1970) was an American burlesque entertainer, stripper and vedette famous for her striptease act. Also an actress, author, and playwright, her 1957 memoir was adapted into the 1959 stage musical Gypsy.Rose Louise Hovick was born in Seattle, Washington, on January 8, 1911; however, she always gave January 9 as her date of birth. She was known as Louise to her family. Her sister, actress June Havoc, was born in 1912. Their mother, Rose Thompson Hovick, forged various birth certificates for each of her daughters—older when needed to evade varying state child labor laws, and younger for reduced or free train fares. The girls were unsure until later in life what their years of birth were.
<Kay_Davies>	Dame Kay Elizabeth Davies DBE FRS FMedSci (née Partridge; born 1 April 1951) is a British geneticist. She is Dr Lee's Professor of Anatomy at the University of Oxford and a Fellow of Hertford College, Oxford. She is director of the Medical Research Council (MRC) functional genetics unit, a governor of the Wellcome Trust, a director of the Oxford Centre for Gene Function, and a patron and Senior Member of Oxford University Scientific Society. Her research group has an international reputation for work on Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD). In the 1980s, she developed a test which allowed for the screening of foetuses whose mothers have a high risk of carrying DMD.Davies was born in Stourbridge, Worcestershire, (now West Midlands). She was educated at the Gig Mill School, Stourbridge County High School for Girls, Somerville College, Oxford, and Wolfson College, Oxford.She was awarded a Doctor of Philosophy degree in 1976 for research on 	the structure and function of chromatin from the slime mould Physarum polycephalum.
<Associação_Académica_de_Coimbra_–_O.A.F.>	The Associação Académica de Coimbra – Organismo Autónomo de Futebol (AAC/OAF), also referred to as Académica de Coimbra (Portuguese pronunciation: [ɐkɐˈðɛmikɐ ðɨ kuˈĩbɾɐ]) or simply Académica, is a professional football club based in Coimbra, Portugal. The club competes in the third division of the Portuguese football league system, and hosts home games at the Estádio Cidade de Coimbra. The club's name derives from the footballing division of the Associação Académica de Coimbra, the student association of the University of Coimbra.The club was created in 1887, when Clube Atlético de Coimbra (founded in 1861) and Academia Dramática (founded in 1837) merged. The club have won the Taça de Portugal twice, in 1938–39 and 2011–12. In 1966–67, they achieved their highest position of runner-up in the Primeira Liga table.
<Agrofert>	Agrofert is a Czech conglomerate holding company headquartered in Prague, Czech Republic. It operates agriculture, food, chemical, construction, logistics, forestry, energy and mass media industries in the European Union and China with over 250 subsidiary companies.Most of them are owned directly by AGROFERT, a.s., the minor part of the portfolio consists of companies in which the maternal company has substantial influence. The companies of AGROFERT, a.s. operate mostly in central Europe: in the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Germany and Hungary. Furthermore, it operates in another 18 countries and 4 continents. In 2012 the consolidated turnover of the company reached 132.5 billion Kč. AGROFERT, a.s. is one of the biggest companies in the Czech Republic. Agricultural companies of the conglomerate manage 386,1 square miles of land in the Czech Republic. (Majority of the land is rented, that means 1,26 % of Czech land or 2,84 % of Czech arable land.)  Andrej Babiš has directed the conglomerate until January 2014 and owned it until 2017, he was forced to  transfer ownership of company to two trust funds AB private trust I and AB private trust II controlled by his family and lawyers in order to comply with the new conflict of interest legislation passed by the Parliament. In 2017 the conglomerate employed 33 thousand people, 22 thousand of them in CR.Agrofert was founded by Czech state company Petrimex (where Andrej Babiš worked as salesman), on January 25, 1993, and in its current form on July 1, 2000. The company was founded in 1993 by Petrimex. Andrej Babiš was its CEO until January 2014 when he became Finance Minister of the Czech Republic, and also its sole owner until 2017.
<Potsdam>	Potsdam (German pronunciation: [ˈpɔt͡sdam] (listen)) is the capital and, with around 183,000 inhabitants, largest city of the German state of Brandenburg. It is part of the Berlin/Brandenburg Metropolitan Region. Potsdam sits on the River Havel, a tributary of the Elbe, downstream of Berlin, and lies embedded in a hilly morainic landscape dotted with many lakes, around 20 of which are located within Potsdam's city limits.  It lies some 25 kilometres (16 miles) southwest of Berlin's city centre. The name of the city and of many of its boroughs are of Slavic origin.Potsdam was a residence of the Prussian kings and the German Kaiser until 1918. Its planning embodied ideas of the Age of Enlightenment: through a careful balance of architecture and landscape, Potsdam was intended as "a picturesque, pastoral dream" which would remind its residents of their relationship with nature and reason.The city, which is over 1000 years old, is widely known for its palaces, its lakes, and its overall historical and cultural significance. Landmarks include the parks and palaces of Sanssouci, Germany's largest World Heritage Site, as well as other palaces such as the Orangery Palace, the New Palace, Cecilienhof Palace, and Charlottenhof Palace. Potsdam was also the location of the significant Potsdam Conference in 1945, the conference where the three heads of government of the USSR, the US, and the UK decided on the division of Germany following its surrender, a conference which defined Germany's history for the following 45 years.
<Hoover_Medal>	The Hoover Medal is an American engineering prize.It has been given since 1930 for "outstanding extra-career services by engineers to humanity". The prize is given jointly by the American Institute of Chemical Engineers, American Institute of Mining, Metallurgical, and Petroleum Engineers, American Society of Civil Engineers, Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, and American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME), which administers it. It is named for Herbert Hoover, the first recipient, who was an engineer by profession.Source:ASME
<D._A._Weibring>	Donald Albert "D. A." Weibring Jr. (born May 25, 1953) is an American professional golfer who has won numerous tournaments including several on the PGA Tour and Champions Tour.Weibring was born in Quincy, Illinois. His father started him playing golf at a young age. In 1975, Weibring graduated from Illinois State University with a Bachelor of Business Administration.Weibring turned professional in 1975. He has won five PGA Tour events. His first was in 1979 at Quad Cities — an event he would win three times. His last Tour victory was at the Canon Greater Hartford Open in 1996. Weibring had five top-10 finishes in major championships — twice at the PGA Championship, and one in each of the others.
<C._S._Lewis>	Clive Staples Lewis (29 November 1898 – 22 November 1963) was a British writer and Anglican lay theologian. He held academic positions in English literature at both Oxford University (Magdalen College, 1925–1954) and Cambridge University (Magdalene College, 1954–1963). He is best known as the author of The Chronicles of Narnia, but he is also noted for his other works of fiction, such as The Screwtape Letters and The Space Trilogy, and for his non-fiction Christian apologetics, including Mere Christianity, Miracles, and The Problem of Pain.Lewis was a close friend of J. R. R. Tolkien, author of The Lord of the Rings. Both men served on the English faculty at Oxford University and were active in the informal Oxford literary group known as the Inklings. According to Lewis's 1955 memoir Surprised by Joy, he was baptized in the Church of Ireland but fell away from his faith during adolescence. Lewis returned to Anglicanism at the age of 32, owing to the influence of Tolkien and other friends, and he became an "ordinary layman of the Church of England". Lewis's faith profoundly affected his work, and his wartime radio broadcasts on the subject of Christianity brought him wide acclaim.
<Nina_Wang>	Nina Wang, born Kung Yu Sum (Chinese: 龔如心; pinyin: Gōng Rúxīn) 29 September 1937 – 3 April 2007) was Asia's richest woman, with an estimated net worth of US$4.2 billion at the time of her death. She was the widow of Hong Kong chemical magnate Teddy Wang, who was kidnapped and disappeared in 1990.Kung Yu Sum was born in Shanghai to parents from Wenzhou, and was a childhood playmate of Teddy Wang, whose father Wang Din-shin, a Wenzhounese businessman, established a paint and chemical business. The Wangs moved to Hong Kong, and the business became the Chinachem Group, eventually one of Hong Kong's largest and most powerful companies based on a lucrative pharmaceutical division. In 1948, when she was 11 and he 15, they renewed their friendship, and in 1955 they married.
<Panda3D>	Panda3D is a game engine that includes graphics, audio, I/O, collision detection, and other abilities relevant to the creation of 3D games.  Panda3D is free, open-source software under the revised BSD license.Panda3D's intended game-development language is Python. The engine itself is written in C++ and utilizes an automatic wrapper-generator to expose the complete functionality of the engine in a Python interface. This approach gives a developer the advantages of Python development, such as rapid development and advanced memory management, but keeps the performance of a compiled language in the engine core. For instance, the engine is integrated with Python's garbage collector, and engine structures are automatically managed.
<Alan_Trounson>	Alan Osborne Trounson AO (born 16 February 1946) is an Australian embryologist with expertise in stem cell research. Trounson was the President of the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine between 2007 and 2014, a former Professor of Stem Cell Sciences and the Director of the Monash Immunology and Stem Cell Laboratories at Monash University, and retains the title of Emeritus Professor.Trounson's areas of interest include cloning, stem cells, biotechnology, cloning for agricultural industry, gene storage and in-vitro fertilisation.
<Bruno_Rossi_Prize>	The Bruno Rossi Prize is awarded annually by the High Energy Astrophysics division of the American Astronomical Society "for a significant contribution to High Energy Astrophysics, with particular emphasis on recent, original work". Named after astrophysicist Bruno Rossi, the prize is awarded with a certificate and a gift of USD $500, and was first awarded in 1985 to William R. Forman and Christine Jones Forman "for pioneering work in the study of X-ray emission from early type galaxies". It has been awarded 32 times. In 2010, the prize was awarded to William B. Atwood, Peter Michelson and the Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope team "for enabling, through the development of the Large Area Telescope, new insights into neutron stars, supernova remnants, cosmic rays, binary systems, active galactic nuclei, and gamma-ray bursts".  In 2013, the prize was awarded to Roger W. Romani of Leland Stanford Junior University and Alice Harding of Goddard Space Flight Center for their work in developing the theoretical framework underpinning the many exciting pulsar results from Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope.
<Love_&_Mercy_(film)>	Love & Mercy is a 2014 American biographical drama film directed by Bill Pohlad about the Beach Boys' co-founder and leader Brian Wilson and his struggles with mental illness during the 1960s and 1980s. It stars Paul Dano and John Cusack as the young and middle-aged Wilson, respectively, with Elizabeth Banks as his second wife Melinda Ledbetter and Paul Giamatti as his psychologist Dr. Eugene Landy. The title comes from Wilson's 1988 song.The film alternates between Wilson's production of the album Pet Sounds (1966) and his treatment under Landy's 24-hour therapy program in the late 1980s. Wilson called the film "very factual", albeit containing parts that "weren't actually as factual". He had little involvement with its making, although Ledbetter was relied upon for the 1980s portions. The cast and crew maintained that nothing in the film was a "Hollywood" embellishment and that everything was intended to be as truthful as possible. Conversely, Landy's son Evan felt that his father was unfairly portrayed. Some minor inaccuracies were noted by critics, a number of which relate to the minimal coverage devoted to Wilson's family and collaborators. Ledbetter said that Landy's treatment of Wilson "was even worse" than the film portrays.
<Carriage_&_Wagon_Workshop,_Jagadhari>	Carriage & Wagon Workshop, Jagadhari is in Yamunanagar district of Haryana. It is among the eight workshops operated by Northern Railways.This workshop, earlier known as Wagon Workshop was established by the Northern Railway at Jagadhri, Haryana, in 1952, to carry out the periodical overhauling (POH) of rolling stock, both goods and coaching types.
<Marseille>	Marseille (/mɑːrˈseɪ/ mar-SAY, French: [maʁsɛj] (listen), locally [maχˈsɛjə] (listen); also spelled in English as Marseilles; Occitan: Marselha [maʀˈsejɔ, -ˈsijɔ]) is the prefecture of the French department of Bouches-du-Rhône and capital of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Situated in the camargue region of southern France, it is located on the coast of the Gulf of Lion, part of the Mediterranean Sea, near the mouth of the Rhône river. Its inhabitants are called Marseillais.Marseille is the second most populous city in France, with 870,731 inhabitants in 2019 (Jan. census) over a municipal territory of 241 km2 (93 sq mi). Together with its suburbs and exurbs, the Marseille metropolitan area, which extends over 3,972 km2 (1,534 sq mi), had a population of 1,873,270 at the Jan. 2019 census, the third most populated in France after those of Paris and Lyon. The cities of Marseille, Aix-en-Provence, and 90 suburban municipalities have formed since 2016 the Aix-Marseille-Provence Metropolis, an indirectly elected metropolitan authority now in charge of wider metropolitan issues, with a population of 1,898,561 at the Jan. 2019 census.
<Wayne_Bridge>	Wayne Michael Bridge (born 5 August 1980) is an English former footballer who played as a left back.A graduate of the Southampton Academy where he made his debut in 1998, Bridge also played for Chelsea, West Ham, Manchester City, Fulham and Sunderland during his Premier League career.
<New_Bedford,_Massachusetts>	New Bedford (Massachusett: Accushnet) is a city in Bristol County, Massachusetts. It is located on the Acushnet River in what is known as the South Coast region. Up through the 17th century, the area was the territory of the Wampanoag Native American people. English colonists bought the land on which New Bedford would later be built from the Wampanoag in 1652, and the original colonial settlement that would later become the city was founded by English Quakers in the late 17th century. The town of New Bedford itself was officially incorporated in 1787.During the first half of the 19th century, New Bedford was one of the world's most important whaling ports. At its economic height during this period, New Bedford was the wealthiest city in the world per capita. New Bedford was also a center of abolitionism at this time. The city attracted many freed or escaped African-American slaves, including Frederick Douglass, who lived there from 1838 until 1841. The city also served as the primary setting of Herman Melville's 1851 novel, Moby-Dick. From 1876 to 1900, New Bedford served as the initial home port for the Revenue Cutter School of Instruction, the precursor of the United States Coast Guard Academy.
<W._H._Auden>	Wystan Hugh Auden (/ˈwɪstən ˈhjuː ˈɔːdən/; 21 February 1907 – 29 September 1973) was a British-American poet. Auden's poetry was noted for its stylistic and technical achievement, its engagement with politics, morals, love, and religion, and its variety in tone, form, and content. Some of his best known poems are about love, such as "Funeral Blues"; on political and social themes, such as "September 1, 1939" and "The Shield of Achilles"; on cultural and psychological themes, such as The Age of Anxiety; and on religious themes such as "For the Time Being" and "Horae Canonicae".He was born in York and grew up in and near Birmingham in a professional middle-class family. He attended various English independent (or public) schools and studied English at Christ Church, Oxford. After a few months in Berlin in 1928–29, he spent five years (1930–35) teaching in British private preparatory schools, then travelled to Iceland and China to write books about his journeys.
<Wisława_Szymborska>	Maria Wisława Anna Szymborska (Polish: [viˈswava ʂɨmˈbɔrska]; 2 July 1923 – 1 February 2012) was a Polish poet, essayist, translator, and recipient of the 1996 Nobel Prize in Literature. Born in Prowent (now part of Kórnik), she resided in Kraków until the end of her life. In Poland, Szymborska's books have reached sales rivaling prominent prose authors', though she wrote in a poem, "Some Like Poetry" ("Niektórzy lubią poezję"), that "perhaps" two in a thousand people like poetry.Szymborska was awarded the 1996 Nobel Prize in Literature "for poetry that with ironic precision allows the historical and biological context to come to light in fragments of human reality". She became better known internationally as a result. Her work has been translated into English and many European languages, as well as into Arabic, Hebrew, Japanese, Persian and Chinese.
<Oswald_Veblen_Prize_in_Geometry>	The Oswald Veblen Prize in Geometry is an award granted by the American Mathematical Society for notable research in geometry or topology.  It was founded in 1961 in memory of Oswald Veblen.  The Veblen Prize is now worth US$5000, and is awarded every three years.The first seven prize winners were awarded for works in topology. James Harris Simons and William Thurston were the first ones to receive it for works in geometry (for some distinctions, see geometry and topology). As of 2020, there have been thirty-four prize recipients.
<Marie_Lu>	Marie Lu (born 陸希未) is a Chinese-American young adult author. She is best known for the Legend series, novels set in a dystopian and militarized future, as well as the Young Elites series, the Warcross series, and Batman: Nightwalker in the DC Icons series.Lu was born in 1984 in Wuxi, Jiangsu, China, and later moved to Beijing. In 1989, she and her family moved to the United States in Texas when she was five years old, during the Tiananmen Square Protest. She attended the University of Southern California and interned at Disney Interactive Studios.Lu lives in Los Angeles, California with her husband, their son (born 2019) and three dogs.
<Peter_Brown_(illustrator)>	Peter Brown is an American writer and illustrator who is best known for children's picture books. He won a Caldecott Honor in 2013 for his illustration of Creepy Carrots!.Brown was raised in Hopewell, New Jersey and studied illustration at Art Center College of Design. After graduating from, he moved to New York City in 2002 to be closer to the publishing industry. He was working on animated TV shows when he signed a book deal to write and illustrate his first picture book, Flight of the Dodo.Peter quickly signed up his second and third books, and his career as an author and illustrator of children’s books was under way. Since then Peter has written and illustrated many books for children and earned numerous honors, including a Caldecott Honor, a Horn Book Award, two E.B. White Awards, two E.B. White Honors, a Children’s Choice Award for Illustrator of the Year, two Irma Black Honors, a Golden Kite Award, a New York Times Best Illustrated Book Award and multiple New York Times bestsellers that include the novels The Wild Robot and The Wild Robot Escapes.
<Hilal-i-Imtiaz>	The Hilaal-e-Imtiaz (Urdu: ہلالِ امتیاز, lit. 'Crescent of Excellence'; pronounced [hɪ.lɑː.lɪ ɪm.t̪ɪ.jɑːz]), also spelled and transliterated as Hilāl-e-Imtiyāz, is the second-highest (in the hierarchy of "Hilal") civilian award and honour given to both civilians and military officers of the Pakistan Armed Forces by the Government of Pakistan. It recognises individuals who have made an "especially meritorious contribution to the security or national interests of Pakistan, world peace, cultural or other significant public endeavors". It is a civilian award, and not limited to the citizens of Pakistan.The honour is restricted to individuals who have made outstanding contributions in their fields that led to international recognition for the state. It is awarded in the fields of literature, arts, sports, medicine and science for civilians. It is announced every year on Independence Day (14 August), and given on Pakistan Day, 23 March, by the President of Pakistan. 
<WinStar_Farm>	WinStar Farm is an American Thoroughbred horse breeding and racing farm near Versailles, Kentucky, owned by Kenny Troutt. It won the 2010 Eclipse Award for Outstanding Owner and 2016 Outstanding Breeder. WinStar Farm owned 2018 Triple Crown winner Justify, 2010 Kentucky Derby winner Super Saver, 2010 Belmont Stakes winner Drosselmeyer, and 2016 Belmont Stakes winner Creator. Notable stallions that have stood at stud at Winstar Farm include two-time Breeders' Cup Classic winner Tiznow, leading sire and broodmare sire Distorted Humor, and Triple Crown and Breeders' Cup Classic winner American Pharoah's sire Pioneerof the Nile.The core of the property was Silver Pool Farm, a 450-acre (180 ha) farm settled in the late 1700s by the Williams family from the Tidewater area of Virginia, which remained in that family for over 150 years.  The area was first surveyed in 1788 and the original Silver Pool farm was settled by Daniel Williams, a descendant of Roger Williams.  His wife, Mary, was a relative of Andrew Jackson. The couple were among the founders of the local Baptist Church. Their sons Daniel and John went on to own the Silver Pool property and it was used for raising livestock and for manufacturing products from hemp.  John's grandson, Claude S. Williams, also lived there and was known as a successful and "locally prominent" farmer and stockman.  The farm was known to have been owned by the Williams family at least through the 1930s.Several buildings on the property are listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The original pond was used as a location for cutting and hauling ice.  The NRHP historic portion of the property is part of the Pisgah Rural Historic District and lies mostly along Pisgah Pike road.  The conforming structures include the original farmhouse from the settlement period, circa 1784-1790, when Virginia families first moved into the region. It had additions built onto it sometime after the Civil War but retains its historic character.  A brick smoke house, tobacco barn that was converted to a horse barn, and the spring-fed, stone-lined pond also are listed.  Along a portion of the Pisgah Pike that adjoins the property, a natural hedge of Osage orange has grown so tall that it has become a canopy arching over the road, and is also noted on the NRHP as a historically significant feature.
<Bruno_Vale>	Bruno Miguel Esteves do Vale (born 8 April 1983) is a Portuguese former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.He spent most of his professional career in Cyprus with Apollon Limassol after being formed at Porto, appearing in more than 300 competitive matches for the former club.
<Cheddi_Jagan>	Cheddi Berret Jagan (22 March 1918 – 6 March 1997) was a Guyanese politician and dentist who was first elected Chief Minister in 1953 and later Premier of British Guiana from 1961 to 1964. He later served as President of Guyana from 1992 to his death in 1997. Jagan is widely regarded in Guyana as the Father of the Nation. In 1953, he became the first Hindu and person of Indian descent to be a head of government outside of the Indian subcontinent.Cheddi Berret (Bharat) Jagan was born on 22 March 1918 in Ankerville, Port Mourant, a rural village in the county of Berbice (present-day East Berbice-Corentyne). He was the eldest of 11 children. His parents were Indians who were Kurmi Hindus that emigrated from British India to British Guiana as indentured labourers. They were both from the Basti district in the then North-Western Provinces in the Awadh and Bhojpuri regions of the Hindi Belt in North India (in present-day Uttar Pradesh, India). His mother Bachaoni came to British Guiana as a child with her mother, while his father Jagan also came as a child with his mother and brother. Both his mother's and father's family immigrated to British Guiana aboard the Elbe in 1901; his father being 2 years old and his mother 18 months when they arrived. His father's family were indentured to Albion Estate and his mother's family was indentured to Port Mourant Estate. The Jagan family lived in rural poverty, working in the cane fields to support themselves. His mother had worked on the estate till Jagan was nine years old. His father had worked his way up to become head driver on the estate, but it didn't amount to much change in pay, and he had to retire at fifty due to his health. When Jagan was fifteen years old, his father sent him to Queen's College in the capital city of Georgetown (about 160 kilometres (100 mi) away) for the next three years. In Georgetown, Jagan saw life differently, as he came from a different background than that of his schoolmates. After he graduated from high school, Jagan realized that finding a non-agriculture job would be impossible. Finally, his father sent him to the United States to study dentistry  with $500, the family's life savings.Jagan left for the United States in September 1936 with two friends, and did not return to British Guiana until October 1943. He lived in Washington, D.C. for two years, enrolled in a pre-dental course at Howard University.  To cover his expenses, Jagan took a job as an elevator operator.  During the summers, he worked in New York as a door-to-door salesman. Jagan's performance helped him to win a scholarship for his second year at Howard.  In 1938, he was admitted to the four-year dental program at Northwestern University in Chicago.
<McGill_University>	McGill University (French: Université McGill) is an English-language public research university located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Founded in 1821 by royal charter granted by King George IV, the university bears the name of James McGill, a Scottish merchant whose bequest in 1813 formed the university's precursor, University of McGill College (or simply, McGill College); the name was officially changed to McGill University in 1885.McGill's main campus is on the slope of Mount Royal in downtown Montreal in the borough of Ville-Marie, with a second campus situated in Sainte-Anne-de-Bellevue, 30 kilometres (19 mi) west of the main campus on Montreal Island. The university is one of two members of the Association of American Universities located outside the United States, alongside the University of Toronto, and is the only Canadian member of the Global University Leaders Forum (GULF) within the World Economic Forum.
<Emil_Sick>	Emil Sick (June 3, 1894 – November 10, 1964) was a brewing worker and industrialist in Canada and later the U.S. He is best known for his involvement as owner of baseball teams and stadiums in Seattle and Vancouver, British Columbia from the 1930s until 1960.In 1928 he founded, with Frederick McCall, an aviation company, the Great Western Airways which acquired Purple Label Airlines operating Stinson Detroiter.
<Joe_O'Cearuill>	Joseph Delpesh O'Cearuill (born 9 February 1987) is a retired footballer who played as a defender. His previous clubs have included Barnet and St. Patrick's Athletic, and he has been capped by the Republic of Ireland.Born in Edmonton, London, O'Cearuill started his career at Leyton Orient, playing 27 youth team games in the 2004–05 season, before being released in August 2005.
<John_W._Albaugh>	John William Albaugh Sr. (September 30, 1837 – February 11, 1909), was an American actor and manager.Born in Baltimore, Maryland, it was there that Albaugh made his first real appearance on the stage as the title character in a play called Brutus, or the Fall of Tarquin (1855), on a stage managed by Joseph Jefferson. Of his many subsequent impersonations, perhaps the best-known is that of Louis XI, at what later became Daly's Theatre in New York. After 1868 he was manager of theatres in St. Louis, New Orleans, and Albany. John was the sole lessee and manager of the Albaugh's Grand Opera House (1884–1894) in Washington, where he also built the Lafayette Square Opera House. He owned the new Lyceum Theatre in Baltimore, where he made his last appearance in 1899 before retiring from the stage.Albaugh died at the home of his daughter in Jersey City from heart disease. His son John Albaugh Jr. (1867–1910) was also an actor and stage manager.
<Cero_(TV_channel)>	#0 por Movistar Plus+ (read as Cero, Spanish for Zero) is a Spanish commercial television channel, launched on 1 February 2016 to replace Canal+. The channel is operated by Telefónica and is available on the digital satellite television and IPTV platform Movistar Plus+.
<Katherine_Perry>	Katherine Perry (January 5, 1897 – October 14, 1983), also known as Kathryn Perry, was an American stage and film actress. She appeared in 37 films between 1920 and 1936.Katherine Perry was born on January 5, 1897. Although she spent a brief time in a private school, the bulk of Perry's education came in public schools.
<Clarence_A._Shoop>	Clarence Adelbert Shoop (May 10, 1907 – January 27, 1968) was a long serving pilot in the California Air National Guard, an American test pilot, and a mustang who eventually rose to rank of Major General and post-war Commander of the California Air National Guard. His Guard unit was federalized into the United States Army Air Corps in World War II, where he flew photo reconnaissance missions.  After the war he returned to work as an executive at Hughes Aircraft Company while continuing as an officer in the California Air National Guard.Shoop enlisted in the Pennsylvania Army National Guard in 1927. By 1930 he was a cadet in the United States Army Air Corps (forerunner of the United States Air Force), learning how to fly at March Field. A difficult student, Shoop took a trainer aircraft for his first solo flight without permission. On landing, the aircraft entered a ground loop, suffering minor damage. Shoop was convicted by court-martial and sentenced to six months' hard labor at Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary. His sentence was subsequently rescinded but he was expelled from the Army Air Corps cadet program.
<William_Henry_Young>	William Henry Young FRS (London, 20 October 1863 – Lausanne, 7 July 1942) was an English mathematician. Young was educated at City of London School and Peterhouse, Cambridge. He worked on measure theory, Fourier series, differential calculus, amongst other fields, and made contributions to the study of functions of several complex variables. He was the husband of Grace Chisholm Young, with whom he authored and co-authored 214 papers and 4 books. Two of their children became professional mathematicians (Laurence Chisholm Young, Cecilia Rosalind Tanner). Young's Theorem was named after him.In 1913 he was the first to be appointed to the newly created chair of Hardinge Professorship of Pure Mathematics in Calcutta University which he held from 1913 to 1917. He also held the part-time Professorship of Philosophy and the History of Mathematics at the University of Liverpool from 1913 to 1919.
<Tang_Na>	Ma Jiliang (7 May 1914 – 23 August 1988), born Ma Jizong and better known by his pen name Tang Na, also known as Ma Shaoliang, was a Chinese writer. He was the second husband of actress Jiang Qing, who after their divorce married Mao Zedong.This article about a Chinese writer or poet is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Republic_of_Ireland_national_under-19_football_team>	The Republic of Ireland national under-19 football team, is the national under-19 football team of the Republic of Ireland and is controlled by the Football Association of Ireland and competes in the biennial European Under-19 Football Championship.The team has competed in several championships.The Republic won the UEFA European Under-18 Football Championship in Cyprus in 1998 and that remains their best performance to date.
<Hard_Rock_Stadium>	Hard Rock Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium located in Miami Gardens, Florida. The stadium is the home field for the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League (NFL) and the Miami Hurricanes, the University of Miami's NCAA Division I college football team.The stadium also has hosted six Super Bowls (XXIII, XXIX, XXXIII, XLI, XLIV, and LIV), the 2010 Pro Bowl, two World Series (1997 and 2003), four BCS National Championship Games (2001, 2005, 2009, and 2013), one CFP National Championship (2021), the second round of the 2009 World Baseball Classic, and WrestleMania XXVIII.
<Gerry_Hunt>	Gerry Hunt (born 1936) was an Irish cartoonist. He worked as an architect for 25 years, including 18 years at IDA Ireland. In 1986 he turned to cartooning, first drawing political cartoons, then creating a Spanish-language comic which he gave away to friends. In 2003 he created a short series of inner-city Dublin fables told in rhyme, In Dublin City, published by Atomic Diner. He then founded Dublin Comics, which published his crime graphic novel, Streets of Dublin, coloured by BrenB, c. 2005, and a collected edition of In Dublin City, also coloured by BrenB, c. 2007.In 2009 he created Blood Upon the Rose, a graphic novel retelling the events of the Easter Rising of 1916, again coloured by BrenB, published by O'Brien Press. He is working on the forthcoming Draugr in Dublin City, about a dead Viking reawakened in modern Dublin.
<Lindsley_Parsons>	Lindsley Parsons (1905–1992) was an American film producer and screenwriter. He worked throughout his career at the low-budget Monogram Pictures and its successor, Allied Artists. He generally produced cheap gangster, action and Western films. He was the father of film producer Lindsley Parsons Jr.This biographical article related to cinema of the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Open_Season_(franchise)>	The Open Season film series from Sony Pictures Animation consists of the animated film Open Season (2006) and its three direct-to-video sequels Open Season 2 (2008), Open Season 3 (2010), and Open Season: Scared Silly (2015) along with a short film Boog and Elliot's Midnight Bun Run (2007).In the tranquil town of Timberline, a 900-pound grizzly bear named Boog has his perfect world turned upside down after he meets Elliot, a one-antlered mule deer. After Elliot messes up Boog's nature show, they end up tranquilized by Boog's owner Ranger Beth and then her friend Sheriff Gordy tells her to release them into the Timberline National Forest before open season for only 3 days. But when hunting season comes, it is up to Boog and Elliot to rally all the other forest animals and turn the tables on the hunters. In the end, Boog decides to stay in the forest and says goodbye to Beth (who had returned to take Boog home).
<University_of_Fribourg>	The University of Fribourg (French: Université de Fribourg; German: Universität Freiburg) is a public university located in Fribourg, Switzerland.The roots of the university can be traced back to 1580, when the notable Jesuit Peter Canisius founded the Collège Saint-Michel in the City of Fribourg. In 1763, an academy of law was founded by the state of Fribourg which formed the nucleus of the present Law Faculty. The University of Fribourg was finally created in 1889 by an Act of the parliament of the Swiss Canton of Fribourg.The University of Fribourg is Switzerland's only bilingual university and offers full curricula in both French and German, two of Switzerland's national languages. Students number about 10,000; there are about 200 tenured professors and 700 other academic teaching and research personnel. The Misericorde Campus, constructed between 1939 and 1942, was designed by the architects Honegger and Dumas, students of Swiss architect Le Corbusier.
<Cormac_McCarthy>	Cormac McCarthy (born Charles Joseph McCarthy Jr., July 20, 1933) is an American writer who has written twelve novels, two plays, five screenplays and three short stories, spanning the Western and post-apocalyptic genres. He is known for his graphic depictions of violence and his unique writing style, recognizable by a sparse use of punctuation and attribution. McCarthy is widely regarded as one of the greatest contemporary American writers.McCarthy was born in Providence, Rhode Island, although he was raised primarily in Tennessee. In 1951, he enrolled in the University of Tennessee, but dropped out to join the US Air Force. His debut novel, The Orchard Keeper, was published in 1965. Awarded literary grants, McCarthy was able to travel to southern Europe, where he wrote his second novel, Outer Dark (1968). Suttree (1979), like his other early novels, received generally positive reviews, but was not a commercial success. A MacArthur Fellowship enabled him to travel to the American Southwest, where he researched and wrote his  fifth novel, Blood Meridian (1985). Although it garnered a lukewarm critical and commercial reception, it has since been regarded as his magnum opus, with some labeling it the Great American Novel.
<The_Frontier_(Hong_Kong)>	The Frontier was a pro-democracy political group in Hong Kong. It was founded on 26 August 1996 by a group of Legislative Council members and democratic activists headed by Convenor Emily Lau. It was merged into the Democratic Party, the pro-democracy flagship party on 23 November 2008. A new party bearing the same name was established in 2010 by former members who opposed the previous Frontier joining the Democratic Party.Among the pro-democratic parties, the Frontier took a relatively radical political agenda than the Democratic Party. Besides upholding human rights, rule of law and fighting for universal suffrage, it called for a new constitution drafted by the Hong Kong people to replace the Hong Kong Basic Law, which led to a direct confrontation to the PRC central government. For its continuing challenge to the central and SAR governments, it was described as a "head-bander" party.The group had a left wing position on economic matters, with both membership and legislators except Emily Lau heavily involved in labour and worker activities.
<John_Charnley>	Sir John Charnley, CBE, FRS (29 August 1911 – 5 August 1982) was an English orthopaedic surgeon. He pioneered the hip replacement operation, which is now one of the most common operations both in the UK and elsewhere in the world, and created the "Wrightington centre for hip surgery".He also demonstrated the fundamental importance of bony compression in operations to arthrodese (fuse) joints, in particular the knee, ankle and shoulder.Charnley also influenced generations of orthopaedic surgeons through his textbook on conservative fracture treatment which was first published in 1950.
<Harold_Kelley>	Harold Kelley (February 16, 1921 – January 29, 2003) was an American social psychologist and professor of psychology at the University of California, Los Angeles. His major contributions have been the development of interdependence theory (with John Thibaut), the early work of attribution theory, and a lifelong interest in understanding close relationships processes. A Review of General Psychology survey, published in 2002, ranked Kelley as the 43rd most cited psychologist of the 20th century.Harold Kelley was born in Boise, Idaho. His family moved to the rural town of Delano, California when he was 10; while there, Kelley met and married his high school sweetheart, Dorothy. They had three children Ann, Sten & Megan, and later five grandchildren.After graduating from high school, Kelley went on to Bakersfield Junior College, and by 1942 graduated with a B.A. in Psychology from the University of California, Berkeley; in 1943, Kelley continued at UC Berkeley to earn a master's degree in Psychology as well.
<Ingmire_Hall>	Ingmire Hall is a grade II listed 16th century country house built around the remains of a pele tower some 2 miles west of Sedbergh, Cumbria, England.The house was first erected for the Upton family in the 16th century. It was enlarged in the early 19th century by architect George Webster and extended around 1900. After being partially destroyed by fire in 1928 it was extended again and then partially remodelled in 1989. It is constructed in two storeys of coursed rubble with quoins and covered by slate roofs.
<Ned_Glass>	Nusyn "Ned" Glass (April 1, 1906 – June 15, 1984) was a Polish-born American  character actor who appeared in more than eighty films and on television more than one hundred times, frequently playing nervous, cowardly, or deceitful characters. Short and bald, with a slight hunch to his shoulders, he was immediately recognizable by his distinct appearance, his nasal voice, and his pronounced New York City accent.Notable roles he portrayed included Doc in West Side Story (1961) and Gideon in Charade (1963).
<A_Martinez>	Adolfo Larrue Martínez III (born September 27, 1948) is an American actor and singer with roles in the daytime soap operas Santa Barbara, General Hospital, One Life to Live, The Bold and the Beautiful, and Days of Our Lives, and the primetime dramas L.A. Law, Profiler, and Longmire. His feature films include The Cowboys (1972), Powwow Highway (1989), Curse of Chucky (2013), and Ambulance (2022).Martinez was born Adolfo Larrue Martínez III in Glendale, California. His family referred to him as "A", "Little Adolfo", and "Little A" as a child to distinguish him from his father and grandfather. Over time, "A" became the name he would use. His heritage is Mexican and Apache on his father's side, and Piegan Blackfeet and Northern European on his mother's side.
<Jennifer_Doudna>	Jennifer Anne Doudna ForMemRS (/ˈdaʊdnə/; born February 19, 1964) is an American biochemist who has done pioneering work in CRISPR gene editing, and made other fundamental contributions in biochemistry and genetics. Doudna was one of the first women to share a Nobel in the sciences. She received the 2020 Nobel Prize in Chemistry, with Emmanuelle Charpentier, "for the development of a method for genome editing." She is the Li Ka Shing Chancellor's Chair Professor in the Department of Chemistry and the Department of Molecular and Cell Biology at the University of California, Berkeley. She has been an investigator with the Howard Hughes Medical Institute since 1997.She graduated from Pomona College in 1985 and earned a Ph.D. from Harvard Medical School in 1989. Apart from her professorship at Berkeley, she is also president and chair of the board of the Innovative Genomics Institute, a faculty scientist at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, a senior investigator at the Gladstone Institutes, and an adjunct professor of cellular and molecular pharmacology at the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF). In 2012, Doudna and Emmanuelle Charpentier were the first to propose that CRISPR-Cas9 (enzymes from bacteria that control microbial immunity) could be used for programmable editing of genomes, which has been called one of the most significant discoveries in the history of biology. Since then, Doudna has been a leading figure in what is referred to as the "CRISPR revolution" for her fundamental work and leadership in developing CRISPR-mediated genome editing. 
<Bobby_Driscoll>	Robert Cletus Driscoll (March 3, 1937 – c. March 30, 1968) was an American actor known for his film and television performances from 1943 to 1960. He starred in some of the Walt Disney Studios' best-known live-action pictures of that period: Song of the South (1946), So Dear to My Heart (1949),  and Treasure Island (1950), as well as RKO's The Window (1949). He served as the animation model and provided the voice for the title role in Peter Pan (1953). He received an Academy Juvenile Award for outstanding performances in So Dear to My Heart and The Window.In the mid-1950s, Driscoll's acting career began to decline, and he turned primarily to guest appearances on anthology TV series. He became addicted to narcotics, and was sentenced to prison for illicit drug use. After his release, he focused his attention on the avant-garde art scene. In ill health from his substance abuse, and with his funds depleted, his body was discovered on March 30, 1968, in an abandoned building in the East Village of Manhattan.He was born Robert Cletus Driscoll in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, the only child of Cletus (1901–1969), an insulation salesman, and Isabelle (née Kratz; 1904–1981), a former schoolteacher. Shortly after his birth, the family moved to Des Moines, where they stayed until early 1943. The family moved to Los Angeles when a doctor advised the father to relocate to California because he was suffering from work-related handling of asbestos.
<Wiard_Ihnen>	Wiard Boppo "Bill" Ihnen (August 5, 1897 – June 22, 1979) was an American art director. He was active from 1919 to 1960 and won Academy Awards for Best Art Direction for Wilson (1944) and Blood on the Sun (1945). He was married to Edith Head.Ihnen was born in Jersey City, New Jersey. His age and year of birth are uncertain.  While some sources indicate he was born in 1897, his obituary in the Los Angeles Times reported his age as 91, indicating that he was born in approximately 1888.
<Per_Høst>	Per Høst (5 December 1907 – 28 December 1971) was a Norwegian zoologist, film producer and non-fiction writer.Høst was born in Kristiania as a son of Hans Andreas Høst (1874–1944) and fish food producer Ragna Julie Pedersen Svenneby (1872–1959), and was a brother of Haakon Høst. He grew up at Stabekk, finished his secondary education at Stabekk Upper Secondary School in 1927 and studied science from 1927 to 1931. He was married to Rita Thornborg from 1941 to 1948, then Ann Mari Strugstad Rolf from 1951 to 1960. The latter was a daughter of the late entertainer Ernst Rolf.
<Malela_Jeev>	Malela Jeev (Gujarati: મળેલા જીવ) (English: The United Souls) is a Gujarati language romance novel written by Pannalal Patel. Alongside Manvini Bhavai, it is one of Patel's two most widely acclaimed novels. It is a romantic tragedy of Kanji and Jivi, born in different castes. It follows the troubles they face in their love story.Gujarati writer-editor, Jhaverchand Meghani, had asked Pannalal Patel to write a story for Phulchhab, a Gujarati daily. Patel then wrote Malela Jeev in 24 days and it was serialised in the daily Phulchhab. It was later published as a book in 1941.Kanji and Jivi live in Jogipara and Udharia villages near Idar and they belong to different castes. They met each other at the Janmashtami fair and fell in love. They were unable to marry due to coming from different castes. Kanji also has the social responsibility of his elder brother's family. But he finds it difficult to live without Jivi. His friend Hiro suggests having Jivi marry Dhula, the barber in their own village. After a great psychological struggle, Kanji agrees with Hira and get Jivi married to Dhula. But his plan does not bring the expected result. Dhula's suspicious nature, his tyranny, and his poor treatment of Jivi causes Kanji's plan to be unsuccessful. Kanji's God-fearing nature and his indecisive mental state also play a role in his failure. Kanji moves from the village to the city to keep himself away from Jivi. Jivi, meanwhile, is tired of the daily quarrels and beatings and tries to commit suicide. But, by mistake, her tyrannical husband Dhulo loses his life and she falls into an emotional imbalance, yearning for her beloved Kanji. In the end Kanji's worldly love transformed into a spiritual love, and so he comes from the city to be with Jivi.
<James_Joseph_McCarthy>	James Joseph McCarthy was an Irish architect famous for his design of ecclesiastical buildings. McCarthy was born in Dublin, Ireland on 6 January 1817. His parents were from County Kerry. He was educated by the Christian Brothers in Richmond St., and went on to study architecture at the Royal Dublin Society School.He was a follower of the style of the architect Pugin and Gothic Revival.McCarthy served as Professor of Ecclesiastical Architecture at All Hallows College, Dublin. He was also appointed Professor of Architecture at the Catholic University of Ireland and at the Royal Hibernian Academy. McCarthy was a friend of Dr. Bartholomew Woodlock, who had been rector of both All Hallows' and the Catholic University, and he helped Woodlock to found the Irish Ecclesiological Society in 1849.He was also a close friend of Charles Gavan Duffy and was a member of the Young Irelanders.
<St._Petersburg,_Florida>	St. Petersburg is a city in Pinellas County, Florida, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 258,308, making it the fifth-most populous city in Florida and the second-largest city in the Tampa Bay Area, after Tampa. It is the largest city in the state that is not a county seat (the city of Clearwater is the seat of Pinellas County). Along with Clearwater, these cities are part of the Tampa–St. Petersburg–Clearwater Metropolitan Statistical Area, the second-largest in Florida with a population of around 2.8 million. St. Petersburg is on the Pinellas peninsula between Tampa Bay and the Gulf of Mexico, and is connected to mainland Florida to the north.Locals often refer to the city as St. Pete. Neighboring St. Pete Beach formally shortened its name in 1994 after a vote by its residents. St. Petersburg is governed by a mayor and city council.
<John_Langalibalele_Dube>	John Langalibalele Dube (22 February 1871 – 11 February 1946) was a South African essayist, philosopher, educator, politician, publisher, editor, novelist and poet. He was the founding president of the South African Native National Congress (SANNC), which became the African National Congress in 1923. He was an uncle to Dr Pixley ka Isaka Seme with whom they founded SANNC along. Dube served as the president of SANNC between 1912 and 1917. He was brought to America by returning missionaries and attended Oberlin Preparatory Academy. He returned to South Africa, where in 1903 he and his first wife, Nokutela Dube, founded a newspaper, what is now Ilanga lase Natal.In 1901 he founded the Ohlange High School based on the Tuskegee Institute founded by Booker T Washington. He also wanted black people to go into business, so in 1903 he founded the isiZulu newspaper Ilanga. In 1930, John Dube published "Shaka's Body Servant." He also wrote about the lives of Zulu rulers, including King Dinizulu.
<Gravity_Ghost>	Gravity Ghost is a physics based puzzle game created by indie developer Ivy Games. It was released on Microsoft Windows, macOS, and Linux on 26 January 2015. In Gravity Ghost, the player controls the ghost of a young girl named Iona, who flies through a fantasised version of space (analogous with purgatory) with her friend, a ghost fox. As a living girl, Iona lives on a secluded island with her three sisters, her mother and father. The eldest sister, Hickory, becomes their guardian after the sudden death of their parents. The plot is revealed gradually through a series of animated cutscenes, as Iona seeks to mend a planet which has been torn apart and replaced by a black hole. The PlayStation 4 version was released on 6 August 2019.Iona, a young girl, lives happily with her three sisters, mother and father in a secluded island community. Iona's oldest sister, Hickory, is in a relationship with another resident of the island, a young man named Arthur. The two want to get married, but Hickory plans to pursue an education in astronomy before settling down. One day, when Iona's youngest sister, Pepper, playfully wanders out of bounds through a hole in a fence, she unknowingly ingests a poisoned mushroom. Unable to find an antidote on the island, Iona's parents rush to the mainland through a stormy night, tasking Arthur to maintain the lighthouse light for their return later in the night. As Arthur waits at the top of the lighthouse, lightning strikes it, shattering the lens, incapacitating Arthur and dooming Iona's parents to crash.Hickory becomes the guardian of her sisters and now plans to marry Arthur, as she can no longer leave her sisters on the island behind to pursue her education. Pepper has made a miraculous recovery without the antidote. Tensions between Hickory and Iona build, as Iona blames Arthur for their parents' deaths. She becomes increasingly rebellious, befriending a wild fox named Voy and spending most of her time out of the house. She frequently visits her neighbours: Sal, an old poacher who builds a treehouse which Iona frequently hides in; and Eddy, an old woman who believes in a "sacred geometry" that holds the universe together.
<Zion_Church_(Rome,_New_York)>	Zion Church is a historic Episcopal church building located in Rome, Oneida County, New York.  The church was designed by noted national church architect, Richard Upjohn, (1802-1878), built in 1850.  It is a three-by-four-bay structure built of bluestone in the Gothic Revival style.  Located adjacent is the stone "Clarke Memorial Hall" designed by local designer Frederick Hubbard and built a quarter-century later in 1884–1885.It was listed in 1997 on the National Register of Historic Places which is maintained by the U.S. Department of the Interior's National Park Service.
<Banco_Espírito_Santo>	Banco Espírito Santo (BES) was a Portuguese bank based in Lisbon that on 4 August 2014 was split in two banks: Novo Banco, which kept its healthy operations, and a "bad bank" to keep its toxic assets.It once was the second-largest listed Portuguese bank and the ninth-largest contributor to the PSI-20 index. BES was the second-largest private financial institution in Portugal in terms of net assets (€80,700 million in March 2011), with an average market share of 20.3% in Portugal and 2.1 million clients.On 3 August 2014, Banco de Portugal, Portugal's central bank, announced a €4.4 billion bailout of BES that heralded the end of BES as a private bank. The bailout was funded by the Portuguese Resolution Fund (Portuguese: Fundo de Resolução). The bank was split into a healthy bank, Novo Banco, while the toxic assets remained in the existing bank until its liquidation in July 2016.
<Tyson_Kidd>	Theodore James "TJ" Wilson (born July 11, 1980) is a Canadian retired professional wrestler better known by the ring name Tyson Kidd. He is currently signed to WWE, where he works as a producer.The final graduate of the Hart Dungeon, Wilson wrestled internationally in several promotions such as Stampede Wrestling between 1995 and 2007, where he won the Stampede International Tag Team Championship on two occasions with Bruce Hart and Juggernaut, the Stampede British Commonwealth Mid-Heavyweight Championship, and Stampede North American Heavyweight Championship on two occasions. Before signing with WWE, Wilson competed in Prairie Wrestling Alliance, New Japan Pro-Wrestling, All Star Wrestling, and AWA Superstars of Wrestling.
<The_Recognitions>	The Recognitions is the 1955 debut novel of US author William Gaddis. The novel was initially poorly received by critics. After Gaddis won a National Book Award in 1975 for his second novel, J R, his first work gradually received new and belated recognition as a masterpiece of American literature.In 2005, Time included The Recognitions in its list of "100 Best English-language Novels from 1923 to 2005".
<Valéry_Giscard_d'Estaing>	Valéry René Marie Georges Giscard d'Estaing (UK: /ˌʒiːskɑːr dɛˈstæ̃/, US: /ʒɪˌskɑːr -/, French: [valeʁi ʁəne maʁi ʒɔʁʒ ʒiskaʁ dɛstɛ̃] (listen); 2 February 1926 – 2 December 2020), also known as Giscard or VGE, was a French politician who served as President of France from 1974 to 1981.After serving as Minister of Finance under prime ministers Jacques Chaban-Delmas and Pierre Messmer, Giscard d'Estaing won the presidential election of 1974 with 50.8% of the vote against François Mitterrand of the Socialist Party. His tenure was marked by a more liberal attitude on social issues—such as divorce, contraception and abortion—and attempts to modernise the country and the office of the presidency, notably overseeing such far-reaching infrastructure projects as the TGV and the turn towards reliance on nuclear power as France's main energy source. Giscard d'Estaing launched the Grande Arche, Musée d'Orsay, Arab World Institute and Cité des Sciences et de l'Industrie projects in the Paris region, later included in the Grands Projets of François Mitterrand. He promoted liberalisation of trade. However, his popularity suffered from the economic downturn that followed the 1973 energy crisis, marking the end of the "Trente Glorieuses" (thirty "glorious" years of prosperity after 1945). He imposed austerity budgets and allowed unemployment to rise in order to avoid deficits. Giscard d'Estaing in the centre faced political opposition from both sides of the spectrum: from the newly unified left under Mitterrand and a rising Jacques Chirac, who resurrected Gaullism on a right-wing opposition line. In 1981, despite a high approval rating, he was defeated in a runoff against Mitterrand, with 48.2% of the vote.
<Portugal_national_under-17_football_team>	The Portugal national under-17 football team represents Portugal in international football at this age level and is controlled by Federação Portuguesa de Futebol, the governing body for football in Portugal.*Denotes draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
<El_Chapulín_Colorado>	El Chapulín Colorado (English: The Red Grasshopper) is a Mexican television comedy series that ran from 1973 to 1979 and parodied superhero shows. It was created by Roberto Gómez Bolaños (Chespirito), who also played the main character. It was first aired by Televisa in 1973 in Mexico, and then was aired across Latin America and Spain until 1981, alongside El Chavo del Ocho, which shared the same cast of actors. Both shows have endured in re-runs and have won back some of their popularity in several countries such as Brazil, Colombia or Peru. Although the series has a regular cast, all actors but Gómez Bolaños play different characters each episode, and it is therefore described as an anthology series."Chapulín Colorado" translates literally in English as "The Red Grasshopper" or "The Cherry Cricket"  (the word chapulín is of Nahuatl origin and applies to a Mexican species of grasshopper, while colorado means "red".). The show embodies many aspects of Latin and Mexican culture while making a critique on the unrealistic image of superheroes. In each episode, people recognized Chapulín wherever he appeared (one episode took place on the planet Venus), believing him to be a great superhero. Recognition caused him to boast, only to stumble and fall right away, proving himself to be puny and timid, and disappointing his fans. Despite this, Chapulín tried his best to help, and all his adventures ended well (though sometimes by sheer good luck or outside help.)
<Olaf_Pooley>	Oloe Krohn "Olaf" Pooley (13 March 1914 – 14 July 2015) was an English actor, screenwriter and painter. As an actor, he appeared as Professor Stahlman in the seven-part Doctor Who serial Inferno (1970).Pooley was born to an English father and Danish mother in Parkstone, Dorset. He studied painting at Chelsea College of Arts and at the Académie Colarossi in Paris under the tutelage of Marcel Gromaire, before training at the Architectural Association School of Architecture to enable a more financially secure career option. His paternal uncle Sir Ernest Pooley, the future Chairman of the Arts Council of Great Britain, secured him a job as a set designer at Pinewood Studios. During World War II, Pooley registered as a conscientious objector and volunteered as a fireman; he was subsequently discharged on medical grounds and began his acting career on stage.
<Baseball_Ground>	The Baseball Ground (sometimes referred to as the BBG) was a stadium in Derby, England. It was first used for baseball as the home of Derby Baseball Club from 1890 until 1898 and then for football as the home of Derby County from 1895 until 1997. The club's reserve and youth sides used it until 2003, when it finally closed as a sports stadium after 113 years (108 of them as a football stadium) and was demolished.As the name suggests, the stadium was originally used for baseball. It was originally called Ley's Baseball Ground and was part of a complex of sports grounds (Ley's Recreation Centre) built and owned by businessman Sir Francis Ley for workers at his foundry, Ley's Malleable Castings Vulcan Ironworks. The stadium was the focal point of the complex and was part of a personal quest by Ley to establish professional organised baseball in the United Kingdom. His Ley's Recreation Club was formed in 1890 and went on to become known as Derby Baseball Club, prior to being dissolved by Ley and replaced with a new Derby Baseball Club, all in 1890.
<Charles_Stark_Draper_Prize>	The U.S. National Academy of Engineering annually awards the Draper Prize, which is given for the advancement of engineering and the education of the public about engineering. It is one of three prizes that constitute the "Nobel Prizes of Engineering" — the others are the Academy's Russ and Gordon Prizes. The winner of each of these prizes receives $500,000. The Draper prize is named for Charles Stark Draper, the "father of inertial navigation", an MIT professor and founder of Draper Laboratory.The NAE website shows that no Draper Prize was awarded in 2010, 2017, 2019 or 2021.
<Cambridge>	Cambridge (/ˈkeɪmbrɪdʒ/ KAYM-brij) is a university city and the county town in Cambridgeshire, England. It is located on the River Cam approximately 55 miles (89 km) north of London. As of the 2021 United Kingdom census, the population of Cambridge was 145,700. Cambridge became an important trading centre during the Roman and Viking ages, and there is archaeological evidence of settlement in the area as early as the Bronze Age. The first town charters were granted in the 12th century, although modern city status was not officially conferred until 1951.The city is most famous as the home of the University of Cambridge, which was founded in 1209 and consistently ranks among the best universities in the world. The buildings of the university include King's College Chapel, Cavendish Laboratory, and the Cambridge University Library, one of the largest legal deposit libraries in the world. The city's skyline is dominated by several college buildings, along with the spire of the Our Lady and the English Martyrs Church, and the chimney of Addenbrooke's Hospital. Anglia Ruskin University, which evolved from the Cambridge School of Art and the Cambridgeshire College of Arts and Technology, also has its main campus in the city.
<Rhode_Island_Auditorium>	Rhode Island Auditorium was an indoor arena in Providence, Rhode Island, at 1111 North Main Street. It hosted the NBA's Providence Steamrollers from 1946 until 1949, and the Providence Reds ice hockey team until the Providence Civic Center (now the Amica Mutual Pavilion) was opened in 1972.The arena held 5,300 people and opened in 1926. Through the years, a myriad of events including the Ice Capades, public skating, boxing, concerts, and religious events were held at the old barn. The venue hosted 28 of Rocky Marciano's 49 fights over a 4 year span, from July 12, 1948 (his second fight) to May 12, 1952 (his 41st), just four months before winning the heavyweight title by beating Jersey Joe Walcott in Philadelphia. After the Reds departed for the downtown Civic Center, the Auditorium, for a time, became a tennis venue.At the height of the Great Depression in 1932, the arena faced financial ruin. Industrialist and Rhode Island hockey legend Malcolm Greene Chace rescued the auditorium from foreclosure.
<Mary_Eaton>	Mary Eaton (January 29, 1901 – October 10, 1948) was an American stage actress, singer, and dancer in the 1910s and 1920s, probably best known today from her appearance in the first Marx Brothers film, The Cocoanuts (1929). A professional performer since childhood, she enjoyed success in stage productions such as the Ziegfeld Follies. She appeared in another early sound film, Glorifying the American Girl (1929). Her career declined sharply during the 1930s.Eaton, a native of Norfolk, Virginia, began attending dance lessons in Washington, DC, along with her sisters Doris and Pearl, at the age of seven. In 1911, all three sisters were hired for a production of Maurice Maeterlinck's fantasy play The Blue Bird at the Shubert Belasco Theatre in Washington, D.C. While Eaton had a minor role in the show, it marked the beginning of her career in professional theatre.
<Richard_Philipp>	Richard Philipp was an American architect in Wisconsin.  Beginning in 1906, he partnered with Peter Brust in the firm of Brust & Philipp based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.  He worked on "Kohler Village" for Walter Kohler, designing most of the new structures built from 1916 through the mid-1920s.A number of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.Married Ella Smith April 16, 1923, no children. Richard Philipp died 3/15/1959.<Portage Daily Register, 2/2/1953, obituary for wife</ref>
<Osborn_Engineering>	Osborn Engineering, is an architectural and engineering firm based in Cleveland, Ohio.  Founded in 1892, it is noted mostly for designing sports stadiums.  More than 100 stadiums have been designed by Osborn, including such famous parks as Fenway Park in Boston, the original Yankee Stadium in New York City, Tiger Stadium in Detroit, and numerous minor league, collegiate, and major league sports facilities in all sports.  They also design other structures, including infrastructure and public sector buildings, industrial and manufacturing, and parking structures.This article about a United States architect or architectural firm is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Aline_Caroline_de_Rothschild>	Aline Caroline de Rothschild, Lady Sassoon (21 October 1867 – 28 July 1909) was a French socialite and daughter of Cécile Anspach and Baron Gustave de Rothschild of the Rothschild family.She was born in Paris, where her parents had a house on Avenue Marigny. In 1887, aged 19, she married Edward Sassoon (later Sir Edward Sassoon, 2nd Bt.) (1856–1912). They had two children:
<Studio_100>	Studio 100 is a Belgian production company with four television channels, four animation studios and 8 theme parks around the world. The headquarters of the group is based in Schelle, with offices in Breda, Munich, Paris, New York, Sydney and Los Angeles.Studio 100 was founded in 1996 by Gert Verhulst, Danny Verbiest and Hans Bourlon. The three came together in 1989 when they created the show Samson & Gert, in which Verhulst and Verbiest also starred. Besides the production of their original show they started creating a new series called Kabouter Plop. Following the success of these two shows the company expanded into new fields in 1999. They produced two new television series, a movie, a musical and acquired a themepark. For the latter three they required co-funding from the Vlaamse Media Maatschappij. 2000 saw the acquiring of the girl group K3 and in the following years the number of television series, movies and musicals produced by Studio 100 grew.In 2005, Danny Verbiest announced his retirement from Samson & Gert, but also as shareholder of the company. The shares were bought by Verhulst and Bourlon, but in 2006, the shares were sold to BNP Paribas Fortis Private Equity. With the new ownership the company ventured into the international, non-Dutch speaking, market by copying their original shows in other languages and creating new shows like Bumba.
<Hedwiga_Reicher>	Hedwiga Reicher (Born Hedwig Reicher; 12 June 1884 – 2 September 1971) was a German actress. Her performances on Broadway were credited with the original spelling of her first name.Reicher was christened Hedwig, but she altered the spelling after she came to the United States because some people called her "Mr. Hedwig". She was half-sister of actor Frank Reicher, sister of actor and screenwriter Ernst Reicher, and daughter of actor Emanuel Reicher. Another brother, Hans Reicher, was a sculptor, and her sister, Elly, was an actress.
<Shiing-Shen_Chern>	Shiing-Shen Chern (/tʃɜːrn/; Chinese: 陳省身; pinyin: Chén Xǐngshēn, Mandarin: [tʂʰən.ɕiŋ.ʂən]; October 28, 1911 – December 3, 2004) was a Chinese-American mathematician and poet. He made fundamental contributions to differential geometry and topology. He has been called the "father of modern differential geometry" and is widely regarded as a leader in geometry and one of the greatest mathematicians of the twentieth century, winning numerous awards and recognition including the Wolf Prize and the inaugural Shaw Prize. In memory of Shiing-Shen Chern, the International Mathematical Union established the Chern Medal in 2010 to recognize "an individual whose accomplishments warrant the highest level of recognition for outstanding achievements in the field of mathematics".Chern worked at the Institute for Advanced Study (1943–45), spent about a decade at the University of Chicago (1949-1960), and then moved to University of California, Berkeley, where he co-founded the Mathematical Sciences Research Institute in 1982 and was the institute's founding director. Renowned co-authors with Chern include Jim Simons, an American mathematician and billionaire hedge fund manager. Chern's work, most notably the Chern-Gauss-Bonnet Theorem, Chern–Simons theory, and Chern classes, are still highly influential in current research in mathematics, including geometry, topology, and knot theory; as well as many branches of physics, including string theory, condensed matter physics, general relativity, and quantum field theory.
<Pamela_Tiffin>	Pamela Tiffin Wonso (October 13, 1942 – December 2, 2020) was an American film and television actress.Tiffin was born in Oklahoma City to Stanley Wonso and Grace Irene (Tiffin) Wonso of Russian and British ancestry, but grew up in suburban Chicago, where she achieved success as a teen model. She attended Hunter College and appeared in a short film, Music of Williamsburg (1960).Tiffin was vacationing in Hollywood when she visited the Paramount Pictures lot at the age of 19. She was spotted by producer Hal B. Wallis, who had her screen tested. This led to her being cast in the film version of Summer and Smoke (1961).
<Ciarán_Toner>	Ciarán Toner (born 30 June 1981) is a Northern Irish football coach and former professional footballer.As a player, he played as a midfielder from 2000 to 2015. He came through the youth academy at Premier League side Tottenham Hotspur and was promoted to the club's first team during the 2000–01 season, but after loans to both Peterborough United and Bristol Rovers he was eventually released in 2002 without playing a first-team game for the club. He then spent two years with Leyton Orient before joining Lincoln City for the 2004–05 season. He was loaned out to Cambridge United later that season but ended up suffering relegation to the Conference National with Cambridge while his parent club lost out on promotion in the League Two Play-off final. Following a trial he signed for Grimsby Town the following season and remained with The Mariners for three seasons and suffered a play-off final defeat in his first year whilst finishing joint top scorer in his second season. In the summer of 2008 he joined Rochdale and was part of the side that earned promotion to League One during the 2009–10 campaign. He left the club shortly afterwards to pursue other interests and moved into non-League football for the first time in his career by signing for Conference North sides Harrogate Town, and a year later Guiseley. He remained clubless for the entire 2012–13 season to pursue a career in coaching and later joined the coaching staff at Rotherham United before returning to playing at the age of 32 when he signed with Gainsborough Trinity in September 2013 combining, both, playing and coaching. He, quickly moved up the ranks at Rotherham United from under-15 to under-18 coach in the space of 5 years and is, currently, the lead professional development phase coach.
<Edgardo_Vega_Yunqué>	Edgardo Vega Yunqué (May 20, 1936 – August 26, 2008) was a Puerto Rican novelist and short story writer, who also used the Americanized pen name Ed Vega.Edgardo Vega Yunqué was born in Ponce, to Alberto Vega, a Baptist minister, and Abigail Yunqué, and lived in Cidra, Puerto Rico, until his family moved to the South Bronx in 1949. Even as a child he loved to read, and became familiar with many of the great European works. His seminal influences included Miguel de Cervantes, Azorín, Borges, Unamuno, Lope de Vega, Victor Hugo, and members of the Generation of '27 literary movement.Upon graduating from high school in 1954, he joined the United States Air Force. During his free time Vega focused on reading and analysis of American literature, after finding a large collection of books at his sister's house.
<George_Lucas>	George Walton Lucas Jr. (born May 14, 1944) is an American filmmaker. Lucas is best known for creating the Star Wars and Indiana Jones franchises and founding Lucasfilm, LucasArts, Industrial Light & Magic and THX. He served as chairman of Lucasfilm before selling it to The Walt Disney Company in 2012. Lucas is one of history's most financially successful filmmakers and has been nominated for four Academy Awards. His films are among the 100 highest-grossing movies at the North American box office, adjusted for ticket-price inflation. Lucas is considered to be one of the most significant figures of the 20th-century New Hollywood movement, and a pioneer of the modern blockbuster.After graduating from the University of Southern California in 1967, Lucas co-founded American Zoetrope with filmmaker Francis Ford Coppola. Lucas wrote and directed THX 1138 (1971), based on his student short Electronic Labyrinth: THX 1138 4EB, which was a critical success but a financial failure. His next work as a writer-director was American Graffiti (1973), inspired by his youth in the early 1960s Modesto, California, and produced through the newly founded Lucasfilm. The film was critically and commercially successful and received five Academy Award nominations, including Best Director and Best Picture.
<University_of_Missouri>	The University of Missouri (Mizzou, MU, or Missouri) is a public land-grant research university in Columbia, Missouri. It is Missouri's largest university and the flagship of the four-campus University of Missouri System. MU was founded in 1839 and was the first public university west of the Mississippi River. It has been a member of the Association of American Universities since 1908 and is classified among "R1: Doctoral Universities – Very high research activity". To date, the University of Missouri alumni, faculty, and staff include 18 Rhodes Scholars, 19 Truman Scholars, 141 Fulbright Scholars, 7 Governors of Missouri, and 6 members of the U.S. Congress.Enrolling 31,401 students in 2021, it offers more than 300 degree programs in thirteen major academic divisions. Its well-known Missouri School of Journalism was founded by Walter Williams in 1908 as the world's first journalism school; It publishes a daily newspaper, the Columbia Missourian, and operates an NBC affiliate KOMU. The University of Missouri Research Reactor Center is the United States’ sole source of isotopes used in nuclear medicine. The university operates University of Missouri Health Care, running a number of hospitals and clinics in Mid-Missouri.
<Hit_&_Miss>	Hit & Miss is a British television series, created by Paul Abbott, broadcast on Sky Atlantic. It stars Chloë Sevigny as a transgender contract killer who discovers she has a child with her former lover. She struggles between caring for her newfound family and maintaining her job as an assassin.The show was conceived by Abbott as a combination of two ideas for separate TV series. All six episodes were scripted by Sean Conway. The series is Sky Atlantic's first original drama commission. It premiered on 22 May 2012, in the United Kingdom. In the United States, it premiered on DirecTV's Audience Network on 11 July 2012.
<Fran_Jeffries>	Fran Jeffries (born Frances Ann Makris; May 18, 1937 – December 15, 2016) was an American singer, dancer, actress, and model.Jeffries was born Frances Ann Makris on May 18, 1937, in Palo Alto, California, the daughter of Esther A. (née Gautier) and Steven G. Makris, a Greek-immigrant barbershop owner.
<Corus_Entertainment>	Corus Entertainment Inc. is a Canadian mass media company. Formed in 1999 as a spin-off from Shaw Communications, it has prominent holdings in the radio, publishing, and television industries. It is headquartered at Corus Quay in Toronto, Ontario. Corus has a large presence in Canadian broadcasting as owner of the national Global network (15 conventional stations), 39 radio stations, and a portfolio of 33 specialty television services; the company's domestic specialty brands include Showcase, SériesPlus, Slice, Teletoon, Télétoon, W Network, and YTV. It also operates services under brand licensing agreements with A&E Networks (History and Lifetime), Paramount Global (CMT and Nickelodeon), Walt Disney Television (including its Disney Branded Television, Freeform, and National Geographic units), and Warner Bros. Discovery (Cartoon Network, Adult Swim, and lifestyle brands). 
<Sebastiane>	Sebastiane is a 1976 Latin-language British historical film directed by Derek Jarman and Paul Humfress and written by Jarman, Humfress and James Whaley. It portrays the events of the life of Saint Sebastian, including his iconic martyrdom by arrows. The film, which was aimed at a gay audience, was controversial for the homoeroticism portrayed between the soldiers and for having dialogue entirely in Latin.In the third century AD, Sebastian is a member of the Emperor Diocletian's personal guard. When he tries to intervene to stop one of the Emperor's catamites from being strangled by one of his bodyguards, Sebastian is exiled to a remote coastal garrison and reduced in rank to private. Although thought to be an early Christian, Sebastian is a worshipper of the Roman sun god Phoebus Apollo and sublimates his desire for his male companions into worship of his deity and pacifism. Both incense Severus, the commanding officer of the garrison, who becomes increasingly obsessed with Sebastian, tries to assault him, and ultimately presides over his summary execution for refusing to take up arms in defence of the Roman Empire. Justin, one of his comrades in arms, is also in love with Sebastian, albeit necessarily unrequited, but he forms a friendship with the stubborn celibate pacifist. Adrian and Anthony, two of Sebastian's fellow soldiers, are gay and obviously in love with one another.
<Napster>	Napster was a peer-to-peer file sharing application. It originally launched on June 1, 1999, with an emphasis on digital audio file distribution. Audio songs shared on the service were typically encoded in the MP3 format. It was founded by Shawn Fanning, Sean Parker, and Hugo Sáez Contreras. As the software became popular, the company ran into legal difficulties over copyright infringement. It ceased operations in 2001 after losing a wave of lawsuits and filed for bankruptcy in June 2002.Later, more decentralized projects followed Napster's P2P file-sharing example, such as Gnutella, Freenet, FastTrack, and Soulseek. Some services and software, like AudioGalaxy, LimeWire, Scour, Kazaa / Grokster, Madster, and eDonkey2000, were also brought down or changed due to copyright issues.Napster's assets were eventually acquired by Roxio, and it re-emerged as an online music store. Best Buy later purchased the service and merged it with its Rhapsody service on December 1, 2011, rebranding back to Napster.
<Justin_Trudeau>	Justin Pierre James Trudeau PC MP (/ˈtruːdoʊ, truːˈdoʊ/ (listen) TROO-doh, troo-DOH, French: [ʒystɛ̃ pjɛʁ dʒɛms tʁydo]; born December 25, 1971) is a Canadian politician who is the 23rd and current prime minister of Canada. He has served as the prime minister of Canada since 2015 and as the leader of the Liberal Party since 2013. Trudeau is the second-youngest prime minister in Canadian history after Joe Clark; he is also the first to be the child or other relative of a previous holder of the post, as the eldest son of Pierre Trudeau.Trudeau was born in Ottawa and attended Collège Jean-de-Brébeuf. He graduated from McGill University in 1994 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in literature, then in 1998 acquired a Bachelor of Education degree from the University of British Columbia. After graduating he taught at the secondary school level in Vancouver, before relocating back to Montreal in 2002 to further his studies. He was chair for the youth charity Katimavik and director of the not-for-profit Canadian Avalanche Association. In 2006, he was appointed as chair of the Liberal Party's Task Force on Youth Renewal.
<Gordon_S._Wood>	Gordon Stewart Wood (born November 27, 1933) is an American historian and professor at Brown University. He is a recipient of the 1993 Pulitzer Prize for History for The Radicalism of the American Revolution (1992). His book The Creation of the American Republic, 1776–1787 (1969) won a 1970 Bancroft Prize. In 2010, he was awarded the National Humanities Medal.Wood was born in Concord, Massachusetts, and grew up in Worcester and Waltham. He graduated summa cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa from Tufts University in 1955 and has served as a trustee there. After serving in the United States Air Force in Japan, during which time he earned an AM at Harvard University, he entered the PhD program in history at Harvard, where he studied under Bernard Bailyn, receiving his PhD in 1964.Wood has taught at Harvard University, the College of William and Mary, the University of Michigan, Brown University, and in 1982–83 was Pitt Professor at Cambridge University.
<Fern_Andra>	Fern Andra, Dowager Baroness von Weichs (born Vernal Edna Andrews, November 24, 1893 – February 8, 1974) was an American actress, film director, script writer, and producer. Next to Henny Porten and Asta Nielsen, she was one of the most popular and well-known actresses in German silent film.Vernal Edna Andrews was born in Watseka, Illinois, on November 24, 1893, the daughter of  William P. Andrews and Sarah Emily Evett, also known as Sadie. Vernal was of English and Scottish descent on her father's side, while she was of English and German on her mother's.
<Joe_Stillman>	Joseph Stillman (born August 1, 1959) is an American television and movie writer, producer, and director.Before becoming a screenwriter, he worked for several TV shows, including Beavis and Butt-head, King of the Hill, Doug, and The Adventures of Pete & Pete.Stillman also worked on screenplays for movies including Beavis and Butt-Head Do America, and Shrek and its sequel. He received a shared BAFTA for co-writing the first Shrek and a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.
<Susan_Penhaligon>	Susan Penhaligon (born 3 July 1949) is a British actress and writer known for her role in the drama series Bouquet of Barbed Wire (1976), and for playing Helen Barker in the sitcom A Fine Romance (1981–1984). She appeared in the soap opera Emmerdale as Jean Hope in 2006, and her film appearances include Under Milk Wood (1972); No Sex Please, We're British (1973); The Land That Time Forgot (1974);  The Uncanny (1977); Paul Verhoeven's Soldier of Orange (1977) and as Lucy Westenra in Count Dracula (1977). She has also had a substantial stage career.
<California_Institute_for_Regenerative_Medicine>	Coordinates: 37°46′40.65″N 122°23′33.09″W﻿ / ﻿37.7779583°N 122.3925250°W﻿ / 37.7779583; -122.3925250The California Institute for Regenerative Medicine (CIRM) was created in 2004 after 59% of California voters approved California Proposition 71: the Research and Cures Initiative, which allocated $3 billion to fund stem cell research in California.Institutes dedicated to stem cell research and training exist at Sanford Consortium, University of California, Santa Cruz, Stanford University, University of California Davis, University of California Irvine, University of California San Francisco, University of California Los Angeles and University of Southern California. Five “Alpha Stem Cell Clinics have also been established to lead clinical trials for stem cell therapies at City of Hope, University of California San Diego, University of California San Francisco, University of California Davis and a joint clinic at University of California Los Angeles and University of California Irvine.CIRM was established via California Proposition 71 (2004). However, its implementation was delayed when out-of-state based opponents incorporated in California to file two lawsuits that challenged the proposition's constitutionality. Opponents argued that the initiative created a taxpayer-funded entity not under state control, that the Independent Citizen's Oversight Committee (ICOC) had a conflict of interest with representatives being eligible for grant money, and that the initiative violated the single-subject requirement of initiatives by funding areas beyond stem cell research. In May 2007, the Supreme Court of California declined to review the two lower court decisions, thereby upholding Proposition 71 as constitutional and permitting CIRM to fund stem cell research in California.
<Elijah_Carey>	Elijah John "Jack" Carey (20 August 1876 – 14 October 1916) was a New Zealand waiter, trade unionist and soldier.He was born in Gympie, Queensland, Australia on 20 August 1876. After originally working as a miner, he became an apprentice printer, picking up press skills he would use later in life, before leaving to travel abroad. Carey travelled through Europe, the United States and South America where he worked as a steward on steamships and as a waiter in several hotels.
<Urban_Transit_Authority>	The Urban Transit Authority, a former statutory authority of the Government of New South Wales, was responsible for the operation and maintenance of buses and ferries in Sydney and Newcastle from July 1980 until January 1989.The Urban Transit Authority was established pursuant to the Transport Authorities Act 1980 (NSW) that separated the functions of the Public Transport Commission with the State Rail Authority taking responsibility for trains, and the Urban Transit Authority responsibility for buses and ferries.
<University_of_Illinois_system>	The University of Illinois System is a system of public universities in Illinois consisting of three universities: Chicago, Springfield, and Urbana-Champaign. Across its three universities, the University of Illinois System enrolls more than 94,000 students. It had an operating budget of $7.18 billion in 2021.The University of Illinois System of universities comprises three universities in the U.S. state of Illinois: Urbana-Champaign, Chicago, and Springfield. The university in Urbana-Champaign is known as "Illinois", "U of I", or "UIUC", whereas the Chicago campus is known as "UIC" and the Springfield campus as "UIS".
<Kambri_Crews>	Kambri Crews (born June 22, 1971) is an American comedic storyteller based in New York City and author of The New York Times bestseller Burn Down the Ground: A Memoir, a book about her chaotic childhood with deaf parents. Crews was spotlighted as a top comedy choice in the May 19, 2008 edition of Time Out New York, which called her an "emerging monologist." Crews has also been referred to as a "world-class storyteller".As a CODA, Crews' storytelling is notable for mixing conventional monologues with the use of American Sign Language; and for finding the humor in even the most hair-raising of childhood memories. Crews' tales typically focus on her childhood in the deep woods of Montgomery, Texas, where she lived in everything from a tin shed to a trailer to the tin shed again.Crews has performed at most of NYC's top indie comedy venues, including Joe's Pub, Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre, Gotham Comedy Club, Broadway Comedy Club, The Peoples Improv Theater, The Bitter End, Comix NY, and famed literary venue KGB (bar); and at such shows at The Moth, Risk!, Seth Herzog's Sweet, UCBT's School Night, Liam McEneaney's Tell Your Friends, and the NY/LA comedy show Mortified.
<Thakurmar_Jhuli>	LoresGenres
<Berlin_Dialogue_for_Orchestra>	Berlin Dialogue for Orchestra is a live album by American jazz composer/arranger Oliver Nelson featuring performances by a big band recorded at the Berliner Jazztage in 1971 and first released on the Flying Dutchman label.The AllMusic review by Scott Yanow stated: "None of the individual pieces caught on but taken as a whole, this out-of-print LP should please big-band collectors and serves as a good example of Oliver Nelson's writing style".All compositions by Oliver Nelson.
<Rafael_García_García>	Rafael 'Rafa' García García (born 14 January 1986) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Manchego Ciudad Real as a midfielder.Born in Ciudad Real, Castile-La Mancha, García began his career in the youth ranks of Albacete Balompié. After unsuccessful stints with Real Madrid (also youth) and its neighbours Getafe CF he signed with another side from the capital in 2009, Rayo Vallecano.García made his debut for the first team on 2 September 2009, in a 2–0 away win over Real Sociedad for the second round of the Copa del Rey. His first appearance in Segunda División came in the same month, in a 1–1 away draw against Girona FC; he played 24 matches in his first season (one goal, in the 3–3 home draw to Real Sociedad), adding 17 in the following – nine starts, 782 minutes of action – to help his team return to La Liga after an eight-year absence.
<New_Delhi>	New Delhi (/ˈdɛli/ (listen), Hindi: [ˈnəiː ˈdɪlːiː], Naī Dillī) is the capital of India and a part of the National Capital Territory of Delhi (NCT). New Delhi is the seat of all three branches of the government of India, hosting the Rashtrapati Bhavan, Parliament House, and the Supreme Court of India. New Delhi is a municipality within the NCT, administrated by the NDMC, which covers mostly Lutyens' Delhi and a few adjacent areas. The municipal area is part of a larger administrative district, the New Delhi district.Although colloquially Delhi and New Delhi are used interchangeably to refer to the National Capital Territory of Delhi, both are distinct entities, with both the municipality and the New Delhi district forming a relatively small part of the megacity of Delhi. The National Capital Region is a much larger entity comprising the entire NCT along with adjoining districts in neighbouring states, including Ghaziabad, Noida, Gurgaon and Faridabad.
<Capcom>	Capcom Co., Ltd. (Japanese: 株式会社カプコン, Hepburn: Kabushiki-gaisha Kapukon) is a Japanese video game developer and publisher. It has created a number of multi-million-selling game franchises, with its most commercially successful being Resident Evil, Monster Hunter, Street Fighter, Mega Man, Devil May Cry, Dead Rising, and Marvel vs. Capcom. Mega Man himself serves as the official mascot of the company. Established in 1979, it has become an international enterprise with subsidiaries in East Asia (Hong Kong), Europe (London, England), and North America (San Francisco, California).Capcom's predecessor, I.R.M. Corporation, was founded on May 30, 1979 by Kenzo Tsujimoto, who was still president of Irem Corporation when he founded I.R.M. He worked concomitantly in both companies until leaving the former in 1983.
<Matthew_Ellison_Hadfield>	Matthew Ellison Hadfield (8 September 1812 – 9 March 1885) was an English architect of the Victorian Gothic revival. He is chiefly known for his work on Roman Catholic churches, including the cathedral churches of Salford and Sheffield.Hadfield was born at Lees Hall in Glossop, Derbyshire, the son of Joseph Hadfield and Mary Hadfield (née Ellison). He attended Woolton Grove Academy in Liverpool, and subsequently, between 1827 and 1831, he worked for his uncle Michael Ellison (his mother's brother), agent of the estates of the Dukes of Norfolk in Sheffield. From 1831 he was articled to the architectural firm of Woodhead and Hurst of Doncaster, and then to P. F. Robinson of London. He married Sarah Frith of Sheffield at around this time.
<Fraser_Stoddart>	Sir James Fraser Stoddart FRS FRSE HonFRSC (born 24 May 1942) is a British-American chemist who is Board of Trustees Professor of Chemistry and head of the Stoddart Mechanostereochemistry Group in the Department of Chemistry at Northwestern University in the United States. He works in the area of supramolecular chemistry and nanotechnology.  Stoddart has developed highly efficient syntheses of mechanically-interlocked molecular architectures such as molecular Borromean rings, catenanes and rotaxanes utilising molecular recognition and molecular self-assembly processes.  He has demonstrated that these topologies can be employed as molecular switches. His group has even applied these structures in the fabrication of nanoelectronic devices and nanoelectromechanical systems (NEMS). His efforts have been recognized by numerous awards including the 2007 King Faisal International Prize in Science. He shared the Nobel Prize in Chemistry together with Ben Feringa and Jean-Pierre Sauvage in 2016 for the design and synthesis of molecular machines.Fraser Stoddart was born in Edinburgh, Scotland, on 24 May 1942. He was brought up as a tenant farmer on Edgelaw Farm, a small community consisting of three families, and received early schooling at the local village school in Carrington, Midlothian, before going on to Melville College in Edinburgh. He was awarded a Bachelor of Science degree in 1964 followed by a Doctor of Philosophy in 1967 from the University of Edinburgh the latter for research on natural gums in Acacias supervised by Edmund Langley Hirst and D M W Anderson.
<Marion_Byron>	Marion Byron (born Miriam Bilenkin; 1911 – 1985) was an American movie comedian.Born in Dayton, Ohio, Byron was one of five daughters of Louis and Bertha Bilenkin.
<Lexus_GS>	The Lexus GS (Japanese: レクサス・GS, Rekusasu GS) is an executive car sold by Lexus, the premium division of Toyota. The same car had been launched in 1991 as the Toyota Aristo in Japan. For non-Japanese markets, it was released as the Lexus GS in February 1993. It continued using the Toyota Aristo name for the Japanese market until January 2005.Designed as a performance sedan competing in the mid-luxury class, the GS slots between the compact executive IS and large/flagship LS, and shared its chassis with one of Toyota's longest-running nameplates, the Toyota Crown premium sedans until 2011.
<William_D._Cohan>	William David Cohan is an American business writer.Cohan was born in Worcester, Massachusetts on February 20, 1960. His father was an accountant and his mother worked in administration. Cohan is a graduate of Duke University, Columbia University School of Journalism, and Columbia University Graduate School of Business.Cohan was an investigative reporter for the Raleigh Times. He then worked on Wall Street for seventeen years as a mergers and acquisitions banker. He spent six years at Lazard Frères in New York, then Merrill Lynch, and later became a managing director at JP Morgan Chase. He also worked for two years at GE Capital. Since 2013, he has served as a trustee of the National Humanities Center in Research Triangle Park, NC.
<Richard_Tanne>	Richard Tanne (born February 4, 1985) is an American filmmaker and actor. His critically acclaimed feature film debut Southside with You (2016), premiered at the Sundance Film Festival and received several accolades including a Gotham Award nomination for Breakthrough Director.In 2020, Tanne released his second feature film, the Amazon Studios drama Chemical Hearts, which he wrote and directed. It received positive reviews.
<Government_of_Russia>	The Government of Russia exercises executive power in the Russian Federation. The members of the government are the prime minister, the deputy prime ministers, and the federal ministers. It has its legal basis in the Constitution of the Russian Federation and the federal constitutional law "On the Government of the Russian Federation". The Apparatus of the Government of Russia is a governmental body which administrates the activities of the government.According to the 1991 amendment to the 1978 constitution, the President of Russia was the head of the executive branch and headed the Council of Ministers of Russia. According to the current 1993 constitution, the president is not a part of the government of Russia, which exercises executive power. However, the president appoints the prime minister.
<Long-Term_Capital_Management>	Long-Term Capital Management L.P. (LTCM) was a highly-leveraged hedge fund. In 1998, it received a $3.6 billion bailout from a group of 14 banks, in a deal brokered and put together by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.LTCM was founded in 1994 by John Meriwether, the former vice-chairman and head of bond trading at Salomon Brothers. Members of LTCM's board of directors included Myron Scholes and Robert C. Merton, who three years later in 1997 shared the Nobel Prize in Economics for having developed the Black–Scholes model of financial dynamics.LTCM was initially successful, with annualized returns (after fees) of around 21% in its first year, 43% in its second year and 41% in its third year. However, in 1998 it lost $4.6 billion in less than four months due to a combination of high leverage and exposure to the 1997 Asian financial crisis and 1998 Russian financial crisis. The master hedge fund, Long-Term Capital Portfolio L.P., collapsed soon thereafter, leading to an agreement on September 23, 1998, among 14 financial institutions for a $3.65 billion recapitalization under the supervision of the Federal Reserve. The fund was liquidated and dissolved in early 2000.
<Emerson_Radio>	Emerson Radio Corporation is one of the United States' largest volume consumer electronics distributors and has a recognized trademark in continuous use since 1912. The company designs, markets, and licenses many product lines worldwide, including products sold, and sometimes licensed, under the brand name G Clef, an homage to Emerson's logo.Emerson Radio Corp. was incorporated in 1915 as Emerson Phonograph Co. (NAICS: 421620 Consumer Electronics Wholesaling), based in New York City, by an early recording engineer and executive, Victor Hugo Emerson, who was at one time employed by Columbia Records. The first factories were opened  in Chicago and Boston in 1920. In December of that year, the company fell victim to the sales slump which affected the entire phonograph industry caused by the post-World War I recession and the growth of the rapidly expanding commercial radio industry in the early 1920s. The company quickly went from the self-claimed third largest US record manufacturer into receivership.In 1922 Emerson Phonograph Co. passed into the hands of Benjamin Abrams and Rudolph Kanarak. Abrams, a phonograph and record salesman, along with his two brothers, ran the company and renamed it Emerson Radio & Phonograph Corp in 1924 after entering the radio business. The company's phonograph record interests were subsequently sold. Although Emerson introduced the first radio-phonograph combination sold in the United States, the company remained relatively obscure until 1932, when, during the Great Depression, it introduced the "peewee" radio (see "Historical Products" below).
<Debrah_Farentino>	Debrah Farentino (born September 30, 1959) is an American actress, producer and journalist. She began her career starring in the CBS daytime soap opera Capitol from 1982 to 1987, before moving to prime time with a female leading role in the ABC comedy drama series Hooperman (1987-88).Farentino had starring roles in a number of dramatic series in 1990s, include Equal Justice (1990-91), Earth 2 (1994-95), EZ Streets (1996-97) and Get Real (1999-2000). Her other notable credits include 1993 comedy film Son of the Pink Panther, 1999 miniseries Storm of the Century, and well as Syfy comedy-drama Eureka (2006-2012).
<Corbin_Bleu>	Corbin Bleu Reivers (/bluː/; born February 21, 1989), known professionally as Corbin Bleu, is an American actor and singer. He made his acting debut in the 2004 adventure comedy film Catch That Kid. He has since appeared in the Discovery Kids drama series Flight 29 Down (2005–2007). He began acting professionally in the early 2000s and rose to prominence in the late 2000s for his leading role as Chad Danforth in the High School Musical trilogy (2006–2008). Songs from the films also charted worldwide, with the song "I Don't Dance" peaking inside the Top 70 of the Billboard Hot 100. During this time, he also starred in the Disney Channel Original Movie Jump In! (2007), as well as the film To Write Love on Her Arms (2015). He competed in the 17th season of Dancing with the Stars.Bleu has also pursued a music career and his debut album Another Side was released in 2007, which included the hit "Push It to the Limit". The album debuted and peaked at number thirty-six on the U.S. Billboard 200 album chart, selling 18,000 copies in its first week. His second album, Speed of Light, was released in 2009. He returned to television, starring in the short-lived Ashton Kutcher–produced CW series, The Beautiful Life: TBL (2009), and the movie Free Style (2009). He has appeared in the films The Little Engine That Could (2011), Scary or Die (2012), Nurse 3D (2013), Sugar (2013), The Monkey's Paw (2013), and Walk. Ride. Rodeo. (2019).
<P._T._Barnum>	Phineas  Taylor Barnum (/ˈbɑːrnəm/; July 5, 1810 – April 7, 1891) was an American showman, businessman, and politician, remembered for promoting celebrated hoaxes and founding the Barnum & Bailey Circus (1871–2017) with James Anthony Bailey. He was also an author, publisher, and philanthropist, though he said of himself: "I am a showman by profession ... and all the gilding shall make nothing else of me." According to his critics, his personal aim was "to put money in his own coffers". He is widely credited with coining the adage "There's a sucker born every minute", although no evidence has been collected of him saying this.Barnum became a small business owner in his early twenties and founded a weekly newspaper before moving to New York City in 1834. He embarked on an entertainment career, first with a variety troupe called "Barnum's Grand Scientific and Musical Theater", and soon after by purchasing Scudder's American Museum which he renamed after himself. He used the museum as a platform to promote hoaxes and human curiosities such as the Fiji mermaid and General Tom Thumb. In 1850, he promoted the American tour of Swedish opera singer Jenny Lind, paying her an unprecedented $1,000 a night for 150 nights. He suffered economic reversals in the 1850s due to bad investments, as well as years of litigation and public humiliation, but he used a lecture tour as a temperance speaker to emerge from debt. His museum added America's first aquarium and expanded the wax-figure department.
<Norman_Borlaug>	Norman Ernest Borlaug (/ˈbɔːrlɔːɡ/; March 25, 1914 – September 12, 2009) was an American agronomist who led initiatives worldwide that contributed to the extensive increases in agricultural production termed the Green Revolution. Borlaug was awarded multiple honors for his work, including the Nobel Peace Prize, the Presidential Medal of Freedom and the Congressional Gold Medal.Borlaug received his B.S. in forestry in 1937 and Ph.D. in plant pathology and genetics from the University of Minnesota in 1942. He took up an agricultural research position with CIMMYT in Mexico, where he developed semi-dwarf, high-yield, disease-resistant wheat varieties. During the mid-20th century, Borlaug led the introduction of these high-yielding varieties combined with modern agricultural production techniques to Mexico, Pakistan, and India. As a result, Mexico became a net exporter of wheat by 1963. Between 1965 and 1970, wheat yields nearly doubled in Pakistan and India, greatly improving the food security in those nations.
<Noel_Blanc>	Noel Barton Blanc (born October 19, 1938) is an American commercial producer and retired voice actor. He is the son of the late cartoon voice actor, Mel Blanc.Blanc was born on October 19, 1938 in Los Angeles, California. He is the son of voice actor Mel Blanc, and throughout Noel's childhood and early adulthood, he worked with his father on the Looney Tunes voices so that when Mel Blanc eventually retired or died, Noel could take over for his father. In 1961, Noel performed some of Mel's voices, uncredited, when Mel was injured in a car accident. Following his father's death, Noel voiced Elmer Fudd (a character that was originally Arthur Q. Bryan's role that Mel inherited after Bryan's death and occasionally during Bryan's lifetime), The Tasmanian Devil, Porky Pig and other characters in Tiny Toon Adventures; he was one of several successors to his father in the immediate aftermath of Mel's death, others including Jeff Bergman, Joe Alaskey, and Greg Burson. Warner Bros. had been splitting up the various voice-acting roles to prevent any one of them from being a singular successor. He later contributed voice work to Stewie Griffin: The Untold Story.On January 29, 1962, Noel and his father Mel formed Blanc Communications Corporation, a media company which remains in operation. Together, they produced over 5000 public service announcements and commercials, appearing with Kirk Douglas, Lucille Ball, Vincent Price, Phyllis Diller, Liberace, and The Who. Kirk Douglas' son, Joel Douglas, was one of the executives at Blanc Communications Corporation and helped to develop and produce commercials.
<Timothy_Killeen_(academic)>	Timothy Laurence Killeen (born 1952) is a British geophysicist, space scientist, professor, and university administrator. Killeen took office as the president of the University of Illinois system in 2015. He has been the principal investigator on research projects for NASA and the National Science Foundation. Killeen has authored more than 150 publications in peer-reviewed journals as well as more than 300 other publications and papers. He has served on various White House committees and task forces and is a past editor-in-chief of the Journal of Atmospheric and Solar-Terrestrial Physics.Killeen was born in 1952 in Cardiff, Wales. He received his Bachelor of Science in physics and astronomy in 1972 and PhD in atomic and molecular physics in 1975, both from University College in London, earning his doctorate at the age of 23. After receiving his degree, Killeen worked as a research assistant at the university until 1978.
<Stanko_Todorov>	 Communism portalStanko Todorov Georgiev (Bulgarian: Станко Тодоров Георгиев) (10 December 1920 – 17 December 1996) was a Bulgarian communist politician.Todorov was born in Pernik Province. Before and during World War II he was a worker. He became interested in communism, and joined the underground Bulgarian Communist Party in 1943. By 1948, communists had come to power in Bulgaria, and Todorov began to rise through the ranks of the government. He became a member of the politburo in 1961 and held several government posts. He served as Prime Minister of Bulgaria, the third highest post in the country, from July 7, 1971 until June 16, 1981. At 9 years and 344 days, he is the longest-serving Bulgarian prime minister. He then became chairman of the parliament, serving in that position until the first multiparty elections in 1990. He supported the reformist wing of the Communist Party during this time, as pressure mounted on Bulgaria and other eastern European countries to reform. He took part in the removal of long-time party leader Todor Zhivkov from office in 1989. Just before the 1990 elections, Todorov served as acting President of Bulgaria from July 6, 1990 to July 17, 1990. He won a parliamentary seat in the elections, but resigned later that year for health reasons. 
<Andrew_Stevens>	Herman Andrew Stevens (born June 10, 1955) is an American executive, film producer, director and actor.Stevens was born in Memphis, Tennessee, the only child of actress Stella Stevens and her former husband Noble Herman Stephens.Prior to his producing career, Stevens was a writer, director, and actor. He had a bit role  in Shampoo (1975), and went on to appear in cult thrillers such as Massacre at Central High (1976), Vigilante Force (1976) and Day of the Animals (1977), as well as the cult horror film The Fury (1978) starring Kirk Douglas. He was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for his performance in The Boys in Company C (1978), and later starred with Charles Bronson in two films, Death Hunt (1981) and 10 to Midnight (1983).
<Overseas_Passenger_Terminal>	The Overseas Passenger Terminal (OPT), known officially as the Sydney Cove Passenger Terminal, is a public passenger terminal servicing cruise ships and ocean liners located in Circular Quay, Sydney, Australia. Whilst commercial shipping operations on and around the site date from 1792, the current primary structure and waterfront promenade date from 1958, with subsequent on-going alterations and land reclamation throughout the latter part of the 20th century. The current design retains the black steel portal frame trusses of the original 1958 structure, with major additions completed in 1988 in the Post-War International Style through the collaboration of Sydney architects Lawrence Nield and Peter Tonkin.The building's main structure, the two remaining uniquely designed extendable gangways and an interior mural known as Foundations of European Settlement by Australian artist Arthur Murch are all listed as individual items of significance within the State Heritage Inventory by the New South Wales Heritage Office. Since 2006, the building and its surroundings have also been listed as part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site buffer zone for the Sydney Opera House.
<Thaddeus_Stevens>	Thaddeus Stevens (April 4, 1792 – August 11, 1868) was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania, one of the leaders of the Radical Republican faction of the Republican Party during the 1860s. A fierce opponent of slavery and discrimination against black Americans, Stevens sought to secure their rights during Reconstruction, leading the opposition to U.S. President Andrew Johnson. As chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee during the American Civil War, he played a leading role, focusing his attention on defeating the Confederacy, financing the war with new taxes and borrowing, crushing the power of slave owners, ending slavery, and securing equal rights for the freedmen.Stevens was born in rural Vermont, in poverty, and with a club foot, which left him with a permanent limp. He moved to Pennsylvania as a young man and quickly became a successful lawyer in Gettysburg. He interested himself in municipal affairs and then in politics. He was elected to the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, where he became a strong advocate of free public education. Financial setbacks in 1842 caused him to move his home and practice to the larger city of Lancaster. There, he joined the Whig Party and was elected to Congress in 1848. His activities as a lawyer and politician in opposition to slavery cost him votes, and did not seek reelection in 1852. After a brief flirtation with the Know-Nothing Party, Stevens joined the newly formed Republican Party and was elected to Congress again in 1858. There, with fellow radicals such as Massachusetts Senator Charles Sumner, he opposed the expansion of slavery and concessions to the South as the war came.
<Panasonic>	Panasonic Holdings Corporation, formerly Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd. between 1935 and 2008 and the first incarnation of Panasonic Corporation between 2008 and 2022, is a major Japanese multinational conglomerate corporation, headquartered in Kadoma, Osaka. It was founded by Kōnosuke Matsushita in 1918 as a lightbulb socket manufacturer. In addition to consumer electronics, of which it was the world's largest maker in the late 20th century, Panasonic offers a wide range of products and services, including rechargeable batteries, automotive and avionic systems, industrial systems, as well as home renovation and construction.Panasonic has a primary listing on the Tokyo Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the Nikkei 225 and TOPIX 100 indices. It has a secondary listing on the Nagoya Stock Exchange.
<Vanda_Hybnerová>	Vanda Hybnerová (born 30 September 1968) is a Czech stage and film actress. After studying at the Faculty of Theatre in Prague, she appeared in various theatres in Prague. She was named the Best Actress in a Play at the 2004 Thalia Awards. Following her award, she has appeared in numerous television series and films.Hybnerová joined the Faculty of Theatre in Prague in 1988, where she studied acting. During her studies, she performed at theatres including Semafor, Divadlo pod Palmovkou and the National Theatre.At the 2004 Thalia Awards Hybnerová won the category of Best Actress in a Play, for her performance of the role of Catherine in a production of David Auburn's Proof (Czech: Důkaz) at the Divadlo v Řeznické [cs] in Prague. A year later, her performance in Hořké slzy Petry von Kantové earned her a nomination for Best Actress at the Alfréd Radok Awards.
<EMBO_Gold_Medal>	The EMBO Gold Medal is an annual award of the European Molecular Biology Organization (EMBO) given to young scientists for outstanding contributions to the life sciences in Europe. Laureates receive a medal and €10,000 and are invited to receive the award and present their research at the annual EMBO Meeting and to write a review published in The EMBO Journal. Medallists can only be nominated by EMBO Members.Previous EMBO Gold Medal awardees include
<Badai_Pasti_Berlalu_(film)>	Badai Pasti Berlalu ([ˈbadai ˈpasti bərˈlalu]; lit. 'The Storm Will Surely Pass') is a 1977 Indonesian film based on the novel of the same name by Marga T. It was directed by Teguh Karya and starred Christine Hakim, Roy Marten and Slamet Rahardjo.Siska (Christine Hakim), a young woman, was heartbroken after her fiancé broke off their engagement. Unwilling to see his sister depressed, her brother Johnny introduced her to his friend Leo, who is known as a womanizer. Leo manages to make Siska happy. However, unknown to Siska, Leo was only interested in her as part of a bet.After overhearing Leo discussing the bet with his friends, Siska runs away from Leo and is found by night club pianist Helmi. Helmi blackmails Siska into marrying him, threatening to tell her mother that her father is having an affair with a younger woman. Eventually becoming unable to stand Helmi's actions, Siska returns to Leo.
<Church_of_St_Michael,_Princetown>	The Anglican Church of St Michael (sometimes known as St Michael and All Angels) in Princetown, Devon, England was built between 1810 and 1814. It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building, and is a redundant church in the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.The granite church stands near the middle of Dartmoor, 436 metres (1,430 ft) above sea level in an exposed location close to Dartmoor Prison. Permission for the construction of the church was given 1812 by the Lord Commissioners of the Admiralty. The church was designed by the architect Daniel Alexander and built by prisoners from the Napoleonic Wars and finished by those captured during the American war who were held in the prison, and is the only church in England to have been built by prisoners of war.
<Palazzo_Parisio_(Valletta)>	Palazzo Parisio, sometimes known as Casa Parisio, is a palace in Valletta, Malta. It was built in the 1740s by Domenico Sceberras, and eventually passed into the hands of the Muscati and Parisio Muscati families. It was Napoleon's residence for six days in June 1798, during the early days of the French occupation of Malta. The palace was eventually acquired by the de Piro family, and was later purchased by the Government of Malta. It was used as the General Post Office from 1886 to 1973, then the Ministry for Agriculture, and it now houses the Ministry for Foreign Affairs.Palazzo Parisio is on Merchants Street, originally called Strada San Giacomo, one of the main streets in Valletta. The palace is adjacent to Auberge de Castille, which is now the office of the Prime Minister. It faces Auberge d'Italie, which houses Muza, the National museum of art.
<Dominic_Joyce>	Dominic David Joyce FRS (born 8 April 1968) is a British mathematician, currently a professor at the University of Oxford and a fellow of Lincoln College since 1995. His undergraduate and doctoral studies were at Merton College, Oxford. He undertook a DPhil in geometry under the supervision of Simon Donaldson, completed in 1992.  After this he held short-term research posts at Christ Church, Oxford, as well as Princeton University and the University of California, Berkeley in the United States.Joyce is known for his construction of the first known explicit examples of compact Joyce manifolds (i.e., manifolds with G2 holonomy). He has received the London Mathematical Society Junior Whitehead Prize and the European Mathematical Society Young Mathematicians Prize. In 1998 he was an Invited Speaker of the International Congress of Mathematicians in Berlin.
<Virgin_17>	Virgin 17 was a French music video and TV show television network owned by the MCM Group, a subsidiary of Lagardère Active. It was available through digital terrestrial television (DTT).The channel was created for the launch of DTT and modeled after MCM, another channel owned by Lagardère Active. It initially had the working title "iMCM", but before launch it was named after the radio station Europe 2, and was then renamed Virgin 17 on 1 January 2008 (along with the radio station which became Virgin Radio France)From 1 September 2010, Virgin 17 changed its name to Direct Star. This change was intended by the Bolloré Group "for the sake of the uniform group" .The TV channel had been broadcast free-to-air via satellite Hot Bird 8 (13°E) up to 2007-11-21. Now it's Viaccess encrypted and available to TPS subscribers as well as on Internet television.
<BMW_3_Series_(E30)>	The BMW E30 is the second generation of BMW 3 Series, which was produced from 1982 to 1994 and replaced the E21 3 Series. The model range included 2-door coupe and convertible body styles, as well as being the first 3 Series to be produced in 4-door sedan and wagon/estate body styles. It was powered by four-cylinder petrol, six-cylinder petrol and six-cylinder diesel engines, the latter a first for the 3 Series. The E30 325iX model was the first BMW to have all-wheel drive.The first BMW M3 model was built on the E30 platform and was powered by the  high-revving BMW S14 four-cylinder petrol engine, which produced 175 kW (235 bhp) in its final iteration. The BMW Z1 roadster was also based on the E30 platform. Following the launch of the E36 3 Series in 1990, the E30 began to be phased out.Development of the E30 3 Series began in July 1976, with styling being developed under chief designer Claus Luthe with exterior styling led by Boyke Boyer. In 1978, the final design was approved, with design freeze (cubing process) being completed in 1979. BMW's launch film for the E30 shows the design process including Computer-aided design (CAD), crash testing and wind-tunnel testing. The car was released at the end of November 1982.
<Harriet_Craig>	Harriet Craig is a 1950 American film noir drama film starring Joan Crawford. The screenplay by Anne Froelick and James Gunn was based upon the Pulitzer Prize-winning 1925 play Craig's Wife, by George Kelly.  The film was directed by Vincent Sherman, produced by William Dozier, and distributed by Columbia Pictures. Harriet Craig is the second of three cinematic collaborations between Sherman and Crawford, the others being The Damned Don't Cry (1950) and Goodbye, My Fancy (1951).Harriet Craig (Crawford) is a neurotic, manipulative, and controlling perfectionist.  She is obsessed with maintaining her ideal of perfection in the appearance of her home, her social life, and herself.  She seems to believe that those around her exist only to fulfill her ideal life.  Achieving this goal makes life miserable for everyone around her.  Harriet shares her home with her loving husband Walter (Wendell Corey), her orphaned and grateful cousin Clare (K. T. Stevens), and two maids—one of whom has worked at the house since Walter was a child.  Harriet and Walter do not have any children as Harriet has told Walter that she is unable to conceive.  Before marrying Walter and becoming the "lady" of his family's home, Harriet had a difficult life which included a philandering father.  This caused her to be hateful and distrustful of men.Harriet is rude to the two maids and bullies the nervous one, eventually firing her and driving the other, the one who has been with Walter all his life, to quit.  She keeps Walter's friends away from the home, including his best friend Billy Birkmire (Allyn Joslyn), and instead invites over stodgier, older couples whom she feels are more suited to her attitudes.  When Clare falls in love with Walter's co-worker, Wes Miller (William Bishop), Harriet puts an end to the romance with lies. When it appears Walter will receive a coveted work assignment that will require him to travel abroad without her, she sabotages the plans with a treacherous lie to his boss.
<Lee_Pressman>	Lee Pressman (July 1, 1906 – November 20, 1969) was a labor attorney and earlier a US government functionary, publicly alleged in 1948 to have been a spy for Soviet intelligence during the mid-1930s (as a member of the Ware Group), following his recent departure from Congress of Industrial Organizations (CIO) as a result of its purge of Communist Party members and fellow travelers.  From 1936 to 1948, he represented the CIO and member unions in landmark collective bargaining deals with major corporations including General Motors and U.S. Steel.  According to journalist Murray Kempton, anti-communists referred to him as "Comrade Big."[excessive citations]Pressman was born Leon Pressman on July 1, 1906, on the Lower East Side of in New York City, first of two sons of immigrants Harry and Clara Pressman of Minsk. His father was a milliner on the Lower East Side of New York City. As a child, Leon survived polio.  In his teens, the family moved out to the Bensonhurst section of Brooklyn. In 1922, he entered Washington Square College of New York University, where classmates included Nathan Witt and possibly Charles Kramer (later, fellow AAA and Ware Group members), then transferred to Cornell University, where he studied under labor economist Sumner Slichter.In 1926, Pressman received his bachelor's degree from Cornell University in Ithaca, New York.  In 1929, he received a law degree from Harvard Law School.  At Harvard, he was a member of Phi Beta Kappa and was in the same class as Alger Hiss. With future defending lawyer Edward Cochrane McLean, they served on the Harvard Law Review:
<Godfrey_Cambridge>	Godfrey MacArthur Cambridge (February 26, 1933 – November 29, 1976) was an American stand-up comic and actor. Alongside Bill Cosby, Dick Gregory, and Nipsey Russell, he was acclaimed by Time in 1965 as "one of the country's foremost celebrated Negro comedians."Cambridge was born in New York City on February 26, 1933, to Alexander and Sarah Cambridge, who were immigrants from British Guiana. His parents, dissatisfied with the New York Public School System, sent him to live with his grandparents in Sydney, Nova Scotia, Canada, during his primary school years. When he was 13, Cambridge moved back to New York and attended Flushing High School in Flushing, Queens.
<Helter_Skelter_(book)>	Helter Skelter: The True Story of The Manson Murders is a 1974 book by Vincent Bugliosi and Curt Gentry. Bugliosi had served as the prosecutor in the 1970 trial of Charles Manson. The book presents his firsthand account of the cases of Manson, Susan Atkins, Patricia Krenwinkel, and other members of the self-described Manson Family.  It is the best-selling true crime book in history.The book recounts and assesses the investigation, arrest, and prosecution of Charles Manson and his followers for the notorious 1969 murders of Leno and Rosemary LaBianca, actress Sharon Tate, and several others.The book takes its title from the apocalyptic race war that Manson allegedly believed would occur, which in turn took its name from the song "Helter Skelter" by the Beatles. Manson had allegedly been particularly fascinated by the Beatles' White Album, from which the song came.
<Hope_Lange>	Hope Elise Ross Lange (November 28, 1933 – December 19, 2003) was an American film, stage, and television actress. She was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress and the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her portrayal of Selena Cross in the 1957 film Peyton Place. In 1969 and 1970, she won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series for her role as Carolyn Muir in the sitcom The Ghost & Mrs. Muir.Lange was born into a theatrical family in Redding, Connecticut. Her father, John George Lange, was a cellist and the music arranger for Florenz Ziegfeld and conductor for Henry Cohen; her mother, Minette (née Buddecke), was an actress. They had two other daughters, Minelda and Joy, and a son, David. John worked in New York City and the family moved to Greenwich Village when Hope was a young child.Lange sang with other children in the play Life, Laughter and Tears, which opened at the Booth Theatre in March 1942. Her father died in September 1942. The family stayed in New York City after his death. At age 9, she had a speaking part in the award-winning Broadway play The Patriots, which opened in January 1943. From 1944 to 1956 Minette ran a restaurant on Macdougal Street, near Washington Square Park, called Minette's of Washington Square. (Some sources confuse it with Minetta Tavern, an Italian restaurant on Macdougal Street, founded in 1937.) The entire family worked there; Minelda ran the cash register, and Joy and Hope waited on tables.
<The_Darling_Buds_of_May_(TV_series)>	The Darling Buds of May is a British comedy drama television series, produced by Yorkshire Television for the ITV network, first broadcast between 7 April 1991 and 4 April 1993. The first six episodes of Series 1 and the first two of Series 2 are adaptations of the 1958 novel of the same name, and three of its four sequels, by H. E. Bates.  The remaining episodes are original storylines based on the same format.Set in rural 1950s Kent, it follows the life of the Larkin family. It starred David Jason as "Pop" Larkin alongside Pam Ferris as "Ma" Larkin, with Catherine Zeta-Jones playing their eldest daughter Mariette, who marries tax inspector Cedric "Charley" Charlton, played by Philip Franks. A ratings success, it was Zeta-Jones's breakout role.
<Frank_Borman>	Frank Frederick Borman II (born March 14, 1928) is a retired United States Air Force (USAF) colonel, aeronautical engineer, test pilot, businessman, and NASA astronaut. He was the commander of Apollo 8, the first mission to fly around the Moon, and together with crewmates Jim Lovell and William Anders, became the first of 24 humans to do so, for which he was awarded the Congressional Space Medal of Honor. As of 2022[update], he is the oldest living former American astronaut, eleven days older than Lovell.Four days before he graduated with the West Point Class of 1950, in which he was ranked eighth out of 670, Borman was commissioned in the USAF. He qualified as a fighter pilot and served in the Philippines. He earned a Master of Science degree at Caltech in 1957, and then became an assistant professor of thermodynamics and fluid mechanics at West Point. In 1960, he was selected for Class 60-C at the USAF Experimental Flight Test Pilot School at Edwards Air Force Base in California and qualified as a test pilot. On graduation, he was accepted as one of five students in the first class at the Aerospace Research Pilot School.
<Richard_Matheson>	Richard Burton Matheson (February 20, 1926 – June 23, 2013) was an American author and screenwriter, primarily in the fantasy, horror, and science fiction genres.He is best known as the author of I Am Legend, a 1954 science fiction horror novel that has been adapted for the screen three times. Matheson himself was co-writer of the first film version, The Last Man on Earth, starring Vincent Price, which was released in 1964. The other two adaptations were The Omega Man, starring Charlton Heston, and I Am Legend with Will Smith. Matheson also wrote 16 television episodes of The Twilight Zone, including "Nightmare at 20,000 Feet" and "Steel", as well as several adaptations of Edgar Allan Poe stories for Roger Corman and American International Pictures – House of Usher, The Pit and the Pendulum, Tales of Terror and The Raven. He adapted his 1971 short story "Duel" as a screenplay directed by Steven Spielberg for the television film Duel that year.
<USSR_State_Prize>	The USSR State Prize (Russian: Государственная премия СССР, romanized: Gosudarstvennaya premiya SSSR) was the Soviet Union's state honor. It was established on 9 September 1966. After the dissolution of the Soviet Union, the prize was followed up by the State Prize of the Russian Federation.The State Stalin Prize (Государственная Сталинская премия, Gosudarstvennaya Stalinskaya premiya), usually called the Stalin Prize, existed from 1941 to 1954, although some sources give a termination date of 1952. It essentially played the same role; therefore upon the establishment of the USSR State Prize, the diplomas and badges of the recipients of Stalin Prize were changed to that of USSR State Prize.In 1944 and 1945, the last two years of the Second World War, the award ceremonies for the Stalin Prize were not held. Instead, in 1946 the ceremony was held twice: in January for the works created in 1943–1944 and in June for the works of 1945.
<Grover_Cleveland>	Stephen Grover Cleveland (March 18, 1837 – June 24, 1908) was an American lawyer and politician who served as the 22nd and 24th president of the United States from 1885 to 1889 and from 1893 to 1897. Cleveland is the only president in American history to serve two non-consecutive terms in office. He won the popular vote for three presidential elections—in 1884, 1888, and 1892—and was one of two Democrats (followed by Woodrow Wilson in 1912) to be elected president during the era of Republican presidential domination dating from 1861 to 1933.In 1881, Cleveland was elected mayor of Buffalo and later governor of New York. He was the leader of the pro-business Bourbon Democrats who opposed high tariffs, free silver, inflation, imperialism, and subsidies to business, farmers, or veterans. His crusade for political reform and fiscal conservatism made him an icon for American conservatives of the era. Cleveland won praise for his honesty, self-reliance, integrity, and commitment to the principles of classical liberalism. He fought political corruption, patronage, and bossism. As a reformer, Cleveland had such prestige that the like-minded Republicans, called "Mugwumps", largely bolted the Republican Party's presidential ticket and swung to his support in the 1884 election. As his second administration began, disaster hit the nation when the Panic of 1893 produced a severe national depression. It ruined his Democratic Party, opening the way for a Republican landslide in 1894 and for the agrarian and silverite seizure of the Democratic Party in 1896. The result was a political realignment that ended the Third Party System and launched the Fourth Party System and the Progressive Era.
<Donald_B._Beary>	Donald Bradford Beary (4 December 1888 – 7 March 1966) was a vice admiral of the United States Navy. His career included service in both World War I and World War II and a tour as President of the Naval War College. He commanded a wide variety of ships and organizations, and is particularly noted for his leadership during World War II in establishing and directing a large-scale U.S. Navy training program and for his pioneering and highly successful work as a commander of U.S. Navy underway replenishment forces.Beary was born on 4 December 1888 in Helena, Montana. He entered the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland, in 1906 and graduated in 1910. His first assignments were aboard three armored cruisers, USS Tennessee from 1910 to 1911, USS Washington from 1912 to 1914, and USS Maryland during 1914. He then attended Columbia University in New York, New York, from 1915 to 1917, and received a Master of Science degree in electrical engineering from the university in 1917.After the United States entered World War I on 6 April 1917, Beary served in the Atlantic on convoy duty and in antisubmarine warfare against German submarines, commanding the armed yacht USS Remlik (SP-157) from 1917 to 1918 and then the destroyer USS Lamson in 1918. He received the Navy Cross in 1918 for distinguished service as commanding officer of Remlik and Lamson in the Atlantic campaign.
<First_of_the_Summer_Wine>	First of the Summer Wine is a British sitcom written by Roy Clarke that aired on BBC1. The pilot originally aired on 3 January 1988, and the first series of episodes followed on 4 September 1988. The show ran for two series of six episodes each, with the final episode airing on 8 October 1989. The pilot episode was produced and directed by Gareth Gwenlan. Both series of episodes were produced and directed by Mike Stephens.  The BBC has never shown repeats of the show, although repeats do occasionally appear in the UK on satellite station Gold.  The show was broadcast in Australia on the Australian Broadcasting Corporation network in the early 1990s.First of the Summer Wine is a prequel to Clarke's long running show, Last of the Summer Wine, portraying the youth of the principal characters from the mother show in the months leading up to World War II. With the possibility of war hanging over them, the young men and women enjoy their youth while trying to find a place for themselves in the world. The show used young, mostly unknown actors to play the characters, with only two actors from the original series making an appearance in the prequel.
<Newsweb_Corporation>	Newsweb Corporation is a printer of ethnic and alternative newspapers in the United States, based in Chicago, Illinois. The company also owns several radio stations in the Chicago area.  Newsweb was founded in 1971 by Chicago entrepreneur, political activist, and philanthropist Fred Eychaner to continue his printing business.In early 2004, the company purchased 99.9 FM WRZA from Entravision and in late 2004, the company purchased three suburban Chicago radio stations from Spanish Broadcasting System: 92.5 FM WDEK, 92.7 FM WKIE and 92.7 FM WKIF. The trimulcast was formerly the home to Energy 92.7&5.  WKIF was broken away from the trimulcast and WRZA took its place. WKIF became a CNN Radio affiliate. The new trimulcast became a variety hits format as Nine FM, and the station later became a split-format station with Nine FM during the day and Dance Hits format Dance Factory at night. Dance Factory is operated by TKC Entertainment, which leases the air time from Newsweb. Nine FM was discontinued as of October 19, 2008 in favor of Progressive Talk simulcast with sister station WCPT.WCPT-FM 92.7, WCPQ 99.9, and WCPY 92.5 was a trimulcast which simulcast WCPT between 5 AM and 9 PM, and operates Dance Hits format Dance Factory at night.
<Kevin_Amuneke>	Kevin Onyekachi Amuneke (born 10 May 1986) is a Nigerian footballer who currently play as a forward.He has previously spent most of his professional career in Europe, mainly in Portugal and Sweden.
<Baltimore>	Baltimore (/ˈbɔːltɪmɔːr/ BAWL-tim-or, locally: /bɔːldəˈmɔːr/ bawl-da-MOR or /ˈbɔːlmər/ BAWL-mər) is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Maryland, fourth most populous city in the Mid-Atlantic, and the 30th most populous city in the United States with a population of 585,708 in 2020. Baltimore was designated an independent city by the Constitution of Maryland in 1851, and today is the most populous independent city in the United States. As of 2021, the population of the Baltimore metropolitan area was estimated to be 2,838,327, making it the 20th largest metropolitan area in the country. Baltimore is located about 40 miles (64 km) north northeast of Washington, D.C., making it a principal city in the Washington–Baltimore combined statistical area (CSA), the third-largest CSA in the nation, with a 2021 estimated population of 9,946,526.Prior to European colonization, the Baltimore region was used as hunting grounds by the Susquehannock Native Americans, who were primarily settled further northwest than where the city was later built. Colonists from the Province of Maryland established the Port of Baltimore in 1706 to support the tobacco trade with Europe, and established the Town of Baltimore in 1729. The first printing press and newspapers were introduced to Baltimore by Nicholas Hasselbach and William Goddard respectively, in the mid-18th century.
<Charles_A._Smith_(architect)>	Charles Ashley Smith (March 22, 1866 – 1948), was an American architect who worked mainly in Kansas City, Missouri.He is given credit for architectural innovations in schools that improved ventilation and cleanliness, and which were adopted widely elsewhere.The firm of Smith, Rea & Lovitt has been a major contributor to the creation of some of Kansas City's important buildings, since their formation in 1910. The firm initially consisted of Charles A. Smith, Frank S. Rea and Walter U. Lovitt Jr.
<G._V._Prakash_Kumar>	G. V. Prakash Kumar is an Indian composer, actor, producer and singer known for his work in Tamil films and a few Telugu films as well. His first film was S Pictures' Veyil (2006) and he became popular in Tamil cinema by the early 2010s and around the same time he became popular in Telugu cinema with the film Darling. He made his debut in acting on 2015 through Darling. He has won one National Award and three Filmfare Awards in his film career.Prakash Kumar is the only son of G. Venkatesh and playback singer A. R. Reihana, who is the elder sister of music director A. R. Rahman. He also has a younger sister named Bhavani Sre, who is an actress and appeared in films such as Ka Pae Ranasingam and Paava Kadhaigal.
<Wales_national_football_team>	The Wales national football team (Welsh: Tîm pêl-droed cenedlaethol Cymru) represents Wales in international football. It is controlled by the Football Association of Wales (FAW), the governing body for football in Wales and the third-oldest national football association in the world, founded in 1876 (146 years ago) (1876).The team has qualified for the FIFA World Cup twice, in 1958 and 2022. In 1958, they reached the quarter-finals before losing to eventual champions Brazil. They then went 58 years before reaching their second major tournament, when – following a rise of 109 places from an all-time low of 117th to a peak of 8th in the FIFA World Rankings between August 2011 and October 2015 – they qualified for UEFA Euro 2016, where they reached the semi-finals before again losing to the eventual champions, Portugal. A second successive UEFA European Championship followed when Wales reached the round of 16 of UEFA Euro 2020. They also progressed through UEFA Euro 1976 qualifying to the quarter-finals, though this was played on a two-legged, home-and-away basis and is not considered part of the finals tournament.
<Steven_V._Ley>	Steven Victor Ley CBE FRS FRSC (born 10 December 1945) is Professor of Organic Chemistry in the Department of Chemistry at the University of Cambridge, and is a Fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge.  He was President of the Royal Society of Chemistry (2000–2002) and was made a CBE in January 2002, in the process. In 2011, he was included by The Times in the list of the "100 most important people in British science".Ley was educated at Stamford and Loughborough University of Technology where he was awarded a Bachelor of Science and PhD.
<Walter_Kohn>	Walter Kohn (German pronunciation: [ˈvaltɐ ˈkoːn]; March 9, 1923 – April 19, 2016) was an Austrian-American theoretical physicist and theoretical chemist.He was awarded, with John Pople, the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1998. The award recognized their contributions to the understandings of the electronic properties of materials. In particular, Kohn played the leading role in the development of density functional theory, which made it possible to calculate quantum mechanical electronic structure by equations involving the electronic density (rather than the many-body wavefunction). This computational simplification led to more accurate calculations on complex systems as well as many new insights, and it has become an essential tool for materials science, condensed-phase physics, and the chemical physics of atoms and molecules.Kohn arrived in England as part of the Kindertransport rescue operation immediately after the annexation of Austria by Hitler. He was from a Jewish family, and has written, "My feelings towards Austria, my native land, are – and will remain – very painful. They are dominated by my vivid recollections of 1 1/2 years as a Jewish boy under the Nazi regime, and by the subsequent murder of my parents, Salomon and Gittel Kohn, of other relatives and several teachers, during the Holocaust. ...  I want to mention that I have a strong Jewish identity and – over the years – have been involved in several Jewish projects, such as the establishment of a strong program of Judaic Studies at the University of California in San Diego.". Kohn also has identified as Deist.
<Liberty_Mutual_Coach_of_the_Year_Award>	The Liberty Mutual Coach of the Year Award was an annual college football award given to the a head coach from each NCAA division. The award honored coaches who succeed on and off the field, displaying sportsmanship, integrity, responsibility, and excellence. Each coach who won was given $50,000 to donate to the charities of his choice, and a $20,000 grant for alumni association scholarships from the school the coach represents.
<Olga_Schoberová>	Olga Schoberová, also known as Olinka Bérová (born March 15, 1943), is a Czech-American actress. She acted in Czech, German, Italian, Austrian, Polish, English, and American movies. As "Olinka Berova", she appeared in The Vengeance of She (1968), and several more films. Schoberová has been compared to Brigitte Bardot and Ursula Andress. She is fluent in English, German and Russian.Olga Schoberová was born 15 March 1943 in Prague. Both of her parents were clerks. She graduated from the High School of Economics.After graduation Schoberová worked as a clerk at the Technomat, for CZK 500 per month. Her older sister Eva was a model. Since Eva was quite busy as a model, Eva once sent Olga, who looked very similar to her, to a modeling job. Olga then started shooting commercials. A Pilsner beer poster with 20 year old Olga attracted the attention of director Antonín Kachlík, who cast her in the movie We Were Ten (1963). Soon after she was cast in many popular Czech movies, including Lemonade Joe or Who Wants to Kill Jessie?.
<Kratos_(God_of_War)>	Kratos (Ancient Greek: Κράτος lit. "strength"; Old Norse: Fárbauti [ˈfɑːrˌbɔute] lit. "fierce striker") is a fictional character and the protagonist of Santa Monica Studio's God of War series, based on Greek mythology and, later, Norse mythology. He first appeared in the 2005 video game God of War, which led to the development of eight additional titles featuring the character as the protagonist. Kratos also appears as the protagonist of the 2010 and 2018 comic series, as well as three novels that retell the events of three of the games. The character was voiced by Terrence C. Carson from 2005 to 2013, with Christopher Judge taking over the role in 2018's continuation, also titled God of War. Antony Del Rio voiced the character as a child in God of War: Ghost of Sparta.Throughout the Greek era of the series, Kratos is portrayed as a Spartan warrior, who becomes known as the "Ghost of Sparta" after accidentally killing his family due to the trickery of his former mentor Ares, the God of War. He later avenges the deaths of his family, being turned into a god and the new "God of War" by Zeus after killing Ares. Kratos is eventually revealed to have been born a demigod and Zeus' son, who later betrays him. Kratos embarks on several adventures in attempts to avert disaster or to change his fate. He is usually portrayed as being oblivious to all else and is stoic, bloodthirsty, and arrogant in nature, often engaging in morally ambiguous activities and performing acts of extreme violence. However, he frequently questions himself, undergoes bouts of severe guilt and self-hate, even attempting suicide several times, and is generally portrayed as a tragic figure. Vengeance is a central theme of the Greek era, and installments focus on Kratos' origins and his relationships with his family and the Olympian gods. In the Norse era of the series, Kratos finds himself controlling his rage and learning how to truly be a father and mentor to his son, Atreus, helping him come to terms with his divinity. Along their journey, they combat monsters and gods of the Norse realm, of whom they make enemies, which inevitably leads to the catastrophic Ragnarök. 
<Howard_Schultz>	Kevin Johnson (second term)Howard D. Schultz (born July 19, 1953) is an American businessman and author who served as both chairman and CEO of Starbucks from 1986 to 2000, from 2008 to 2017, and as interim CEO since 2022. Schultz also owned the Seattle SuperSonics basketball team from 2001 to 2006.
<Charles_Fefferman>	Charles Louis Fefferman (born April 18, 1949) is an American mathematician at Princeton University, where he is currently the Herbert E. Jones, Jr. '43 University Professor of Mathematics. He was awarded the Fields Medal in 1978 for his contributions to mathematical analysis.Fefferman was born to a Jewish family, in Washington, DC. Fefferman was a child prodigy. Fefferman entered the University of Maryland at age 14, and had written his first scientific paper by the age of 15. He graduated with degrees in math and physics at 17, and earned his PhD in mathematics three years later from Princeton University, under Elias Stein. His doctoral dissertation was titled "Inequalities for strongly singular convolution operators". Fefferman achieved a full professorship at the University of Chicago at the age of 22, making him the youngest full professor ever appointed in the United States.At the age of 25, he returned to Princeton as a full professor, becoming the youngest person to be promoted to the title. He won the Alan T. Waterman Award in 1976 (the first person to get the award) and the Fields Medal in 1978 for his work in mathematical analysis, specifically convergence and divergence. He was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 1979. He was appointed the Herbert Jones Professor at Princeton in 1984.
<Brigitte_Bodenheimer>	Brigitte Marianne Levy Bodenheimer (September 27, 1912 – January 7, 1981) was a German American jurist. Specializing in family law, she was a professor at S.J. Quinney College of Law and UC Davis School of Law.Born in Berlin to Ernst Levy and Zerline Wolff, Bodenheimer graduated from the University of Heidelberg in 1934. Being Jewish, she immigrated from Nazi Germany that same year and continued her legal education at Columbia Law School (where she met her husband Edgar Bodenheimer) and later University of Washington School of Law.
<Equity_Media_Holdings>	Equity Media Holdings Corporation was a broadcasting company based in Little Rock, Arkansas that owned and operated television stations across the United States. Prior to March 30, 2007, the company was known as Equity Broadcasting, a name later used for its broadcast station subsidiary. The company had a focus on Hispanic and Asian American communities in large markets while owning a combination of English-language network affiliates in medium and small markets.Equity was known for its use of broadcast automation to control dozens of small, local UHF television broadcasting stations from one central Little Rock location; the feeds were readily visible on free-to-air satellite television through much of North America, despite the very small terrestrial footprint of the individual stations over the air. Most commonly, Equity stations were low-power television affiliates of Univision, Fox, The WB/UPN or carried music videos and classic television reruns.In late 2005, Equity launched the Retro Television Network (RTN for short), a programming service with a lineup of "classic" shows from the 1950s through the 1980s which currently airs in part or full in numerous markets (controversially replacing UPN in one[citation needed]). Equity sold RTN to Luken Communications in June 2008.
<James_Stirling_(architect)>	Sir James Frazer Stirling RA (22 April 1926 – 25 June 1992) was a British architect.Stirling worked in partnership with James Gowan from 1956 to 1963, then with Michael Wilford from 1971 until 1992.
<Invent4_Entertainment>	Bad Rats: The Rats' Revenge is a 2009 puzzle video game developed by Invent4 Entertainment. Over a string of levels, the player places a set of rats and static objects to guide a ball towards a trap that kills a cat. Bad Rats was released as Invent4 Entertainment's debut game on 20 July 2009 via Steam, followed by releases on other services in 2010. While it received no reviews at release, retrospective pieces criticised the game's graphics, puzzles, and physics. Bad Rats is considered an oddity for being released on Steam while the platform's catalogue was still hand-curated. It became a popular gag gift on Steam, leading to more than 400,000 owners by 2018. A sequel, Bad Rats Show, was released on the seventh anniversary of Bad Rats in 2016.Bad Rats is a physics-based puzzle video game in a style similar to The Incredible Machine and Armadillo Run. In each level, the player is tasked with arranging (by moving and rotating) a set of rats and static objects in a way that steers a ball towards a trap. The ball's touch causes the trap to activate, killing the nearby cat. The game offers a tutorial and two modes: In the "Easy" mode, the inventory is limited and the solution to each level can be displayed. The "Expert" mode provides the entire inventory, including all ten kinds of rats, and no solutions. Hints for each level are available in both modes.
<Atlas_Plug>	Tom Salta, also known as Atlas Plug (stylized ATlA5 PlUG), is an American recording artist and soundtrack composer. He has composed soundtracks for many video game titles, including Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter 1 & 2, Cold Fear, Red Steel and Tom Clancy's H.A.W.X. Salta's score for Red Steel received an award for "Best Original Score" in IGN's Best of 2006 awards. Salta works in multimedia including film, television, advertising, and video games.Tom Salta is also behind the Atlas Plug moniker, and released his first album, 2 Days or Die, in February 2005.Salta composed and produced a score for Prince of Persia: The Forgotten Sands with a contemporary world music aesthetic. The score features performances recorded with percussionist Bashiri Johnson, vocals by world music singer Azam Ali and vocals by international recording artist Judith Bérard, as well as world music and middle-eastern instrumentation such as doubek, kora, khangira, bowhammer cymbalom, lakota slide, walimba, ney, duduk, And custom-made instruments.
<Sorenson_Molecular_Genealogy_Foundation>	The Sorenson Molecular Genealogy Foundation (SMGF) was an independent DNA and genealogical research institution with the goal of demonstrating how the peoples of the world are related. SMGF collected DNA samples and genealogical information from individuals across the globe to establish these connections.SMGF originated in 1999 and was inspired by several conversations between inventor and philanthropist James LeVoy Sorenson and Brigham Young University professor Dr. Scott Woodward. Mr. Sorenson envisioned the development of a genetic-genealogical blueprint of all humankind.  This blueprint, as developed by Dr. Woodward, would show how closely humans are related to one another, demonstrating the familial relationships between unique individuals.  The collection of DNA samples and associated family pedigrees began in 2000, beginning first with Brigham Young University students, and quickly branching outside of Utah, then to the rest of the world.In 2003, SMGF moved its operations from the Brigham Young University campus to Salt Lake City.  SMGF also outsourced all of its laboratory work to Sorenson Genomics, freeing researchers to create a publicly available online repository. This repository was known as the Sorenson Database.
<Real_Betis_B>	Betis Deportivo Balompié is a Spanish football team based in Seville, in the autonomous community of Andalusia. Founded in 1942, it is the reserve team of Real Betis and currently plays in Segunda Federación, holding home games at Ciudad Deportiva Luis del Sol, with a capacity of 3,000 seats.Unlike the English League, reserve teams in Spain play in the same football pyramid as their senior team, rather than a separate league. However, reserve teams cannot play in the same division as the main squad.Reserve teams are also no longer permitted to enter the Copa del Rey. Additionally, only under-23 players or under-25 players with a professional contract can switch between senior and reserve teams.
<Kasper_Schmeichel>	Kasper Peter Schmeichel (born 5 November 1986) is a Danish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for  Ligue 1 club Nice and the Denmark national team.Schmeichel began his career with Manchester City, but had loan spells with Darlington, Bury and Falkirk before he made his first-team debut. Although Schmeichel appeared to have made the City number 1 jersey his own at the start of the 2007–08 season, the emergence of Joe Hart resulted in Schmeichel being loaned to Cardiff City. The signing of Republic of Ireland international Shay Given in 2009 meant that Schmeichel fell even further down the pecking order at City, and he was allowed to link up with former manager Sven-Göran Eriksson at Notts County. He spent only one season with the Magpies as, while it was a very successful one for the club and the player himself, changes to the club's financial position made his departure necessary and his contract was terminated by mutual consent.
<Servette_FC>	Servette FC is a Swiss football club based in Geneva, founded in March 1890 with rugby as its first sporting activity, and named after the Geneva district of the same name. The football section was created on 17 January 1900. They play in the Swiss Super League.Servette is one of Switzerland's most successful clubs and the most successful Romandy club, winning 17 national titles, as well as 7 Swiss cups. Founded in 1890, the team has spent the majority of its history in the top flight of Swiss football, regularly contesting for the title with rivals Grasshopper Zürich.
<Bean_Cars>	Bean Cars was a brand of motor vehicles made in England by A Harper Sons & Bean, Ltd at factories in Dudley, Worcestershire, and Coseley, Staffordshire. The company began making cars in 1919 and diversified into light commercial vehicles in 1924. For a few years in the early 1920s Bean outsold Austin and Morris.Bean suffered financial difficulties and the steel-maker Hadfields Limited took it over in 1926. The launch of an under-developed new model in 1928 worsened sales, and the company stopped making cars in 1929. Hadfields continued Bean commercial vehicle production as "Bean New Era" until June 1931. In 1933 Hadfield re-launched the company as Beans Industries, making components for other motor vehicle manufacturers.
<Genii_Capital>	Genii Capital (simply known as Genii and stylized as GƎИII) is an international financial advisory and investment firm, which specialises in brand management, technology, motorsport and a range of venture capital activities. It was created in 2008, by two Luxembourger investors, Gerard Lopez and Eric Lux and has a particular focus on emerging markets, including the BRIC (Brazil, Russia, India and China) nations. Genii Capital focuses on a wide range of investment vehicles and also provides advisory services on topics ranging from the preparation of an IPO, the joint development of businesses, mergers and acquisitions and capital markets. As a result of a global restructuring initiative in 2011, Genii Capital is now located in the finance division of the Genii Group, a global enterprise overseeing the business activities of Lux and Lopez.On 16 December 2009 it was announced that Genii were to purchase a large stake in the Renault F1 Team. Genii beat Prodrive head David Richards to the deal. Genii was likely to merge the Renault Driver Development programme with its own Gravity Sport Management company, which manages drivers such as Ho-Pin Tung, who tested for the Renault team in 2009, as well as Christian Vietoris.On 8 December 2010, Renault made public it would sell its remaining 25% share in the Enstone-based team, Renault F1 team, to Genii Capital, from that moment the sole shareholder. Group Lotus immediately became a partner of the team, renamed Lotus Renault GP. It was projected that the carmaker company would purchase a significant share of it. The team was known as the Lotus F1 Team from 2012 until 2015, when the team was sold back to Renault after the team experienced funding issues.
<University_of_Minnesota>	The University of Minnesota, formally the University of Minnesota, Twin Cities, (UMN Twin Cities, the U of M, or Minnesota) is a public land-grant research university in the Twin Cities of Minneapolis and Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States. The Twin Cities campus comprises locations in Minneapolis and Falcon Heights, a suburb of St. Paul, approximately 3 miles (4.8 km) apart. The Twin Cities campus is the oldest and largest in the University of Minnesota system and has the ninth-largest main campus student body in the United States, with 52,376 students at the start of the 2021–22 academic year. It is the flagship institution of the University of Minnesota System, and is organized into 19 colleges, schools, and other major academic units.The Minnesota Territorial Legislature drafted a charter for the U of M as a territorial university in 1851, seven years before Minnesota became a state. Today, the university is classified among "R1: Doctoral Universities – Very high research activity". Minnesota is a member of the Association of American Universities and is ranked 20th in research activity, with $1.04 billion in research and development expenditures in the fiscal year 2020. In 2001, the University of Minnesota was included in a list of Public Ivy universities, which includes publicly funded universities thought to provide a quality of education comparable to that of the Ivy League.
<Betty_Hutton>	Betty Hutton (born Elizabeth June Thornburg; February 26, 1921 – March 11, 2007)was an American stage, film, and television actress, comedian, dancer, and singer.Hutton was born Elizabeth June Thornburg on February 26, 1921, in Battle Creek, Michigan. While she was very young, her father abandoned the family for another woman. They did not hear of him again until they received a telegram in 1937, informing them of his suicide. Betty and her older sister, Marion, were raised by her alcoholic mother, who took the surname Hutton.  Marion was later billed as the actress Sissy Jones.The three started singing in the family's speakeasy when Betty was 3 years old. Troubles with the police kept the family on the move.  They eventually landed in Detroit, where she attended Foch Intermediate School. On one occasion, when Betty, preceded by a police escort, arrived at the premiere of Let's Dance (1950), her mother, arriving with her, quipped, "At least this time the police are in front of us!"  Hutton sang in several local bands as a teenager, and at one point visited New York City hoping to perform on Broadway, but she was turned away.
<Raymond_Speaker>	Raymond Albert "Ray" Speaker, PC ECA OC (born December 13, 1935) is a Canadian farmer and politician. Speaker was born and raised in Enchant, Alberta, where he farms to this day. He was an elected official at the federal and provincial levels for 34 years, and never lost an election.A graduate of the University of Alberta, Speaker taught in local schools until 1962. He entered politics in the 1963 provincial election when he was elected as a Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) for the Social Credit Party of Alberta from the mostly rural riding of Little Bow. He was named to Ernest Manning's cabinet as minister without portfolio in 1967, becoming Minister of Health and Social Development and Minister of Personnel in 1968.  He also became Chairman of the Human Resources Development Authority in 1969 under Manning's successor, Harry Strom.He remained a Social Credit MLA for many years after the party lost power in the 1971 election, usually winning handily even as the party's support ebbed away in the rest of the province.  When party leader Robert Curtis Clark returned to the backbench in 1980, a few months after losing the 1979 election, Speaker became parliamentary leader of the party and hence Leader of the Opposition.  However, in 1982, Speaker announced that Social Credit would be sitting out the next provincial election due to dwindling support for the party. A few months earlier, Clark's former seat had been resoundingly lost in a by-election, costing Social Credit official party status.  Speaker's announcement was disavowed by party officials.  A motion to dissolve the party failed.  Soon after the writs were dropped for the election, Speaker and Walt Buck resigned from the party and were reelected as independents.
<Todor_Zhivkov>	Todor Hristov Zhivkov (Bulgarian: Тодор Христов Живков [ˈtɔdor ˈxristof ˈʒifkof]; 7 September 1911 – 5 August 1998) was a Bulgarian communist statesman who served as the de facto leader of the People's Republic of Bulgaria (PRB) from 1954 until 1989 as General Secretary of the Bulgarian Communist Party. He was the second longest-serving leader in the Eastern Bloc after Yumjaagiin Tsedenbal, the longest-serving leader within the Warsaw Pact and the longest-serving non-royal ruler in Bulgarian history.He became First Secretary of the Bulgarian Communist Party (BCP) in 1954 (General Secretary from April 1981), served as Prime Minister from 1962 to 1971 and from 1971 onwards as Chairman of the State Council, concurrently with his post as First Secretary. He remained in these positions for 35 years, until 1989, thus becoming the second longest-serving leader of any European Eastern Bloc nation after World War II, and one of the longest ruling non-royal leaders in modern history. His rule marked a period of unprecedented political and economic stability for Bulgaria, marked both by complete submission of Bulgaria to the Soviet Union and a desire to expand ties with the West. His rule remained unchallenged until the deterioration of East–West relations in the 1980s, when a stagnating economic situation, a worsening international image and growing careerism and corruption in the BCP weakened his position. He resigned on 10 November 1989, under pressure by senior BCP members due to his refusal to recognise problems and deal with public protests. Within a month of Zhivkov's ouster, communist rule in Bulgaria had effectively ended, and within a year the People's Republic of Bulgaria had formally ceased to exist.
<Marion_duPont_Scott>	Marion duPont Scott (May 3, 1894 – September 4, 1983) was a thoroughbred horsebreeder who operated a racing stable for both flat and steeplechase racing. She was the last private owner of Montpelier, the mansion and land estate of former United States President James Madison.At the time of her death, she bequeathed Montpelier to the National Trust for Historic Preservation and established an endowment for its maintenance; it had been designated a National Historic Landmark. During the National Trust's major restoration of the mansion in 2003–2008 to its design during the time of Madison's residency, it reduced the house from the 55-room structure developed by the du Pont family back to its original 22 rooms.
<Elizabeth_Meyer>	Elizabeth E Meyer, was born in Baltimore in 1953. She was instrumental in the restoration of the J Class Yachts beginning with Endeavour in the mid 1980s. She is married to Michael McCaffrey.Her parents were medical doctors, a psychiatrist and an epidemiologist. Her grandfather was Eugene Meyer, investment banker and first president of the World Bank. He also owned The Washington Post publishing company. Her grandmother was Agnes Ernst Meyer, social activist and journalist. Elizabeth's aunt was Katharine Graham, owner of The Washington Post during Watergate. Meyer attended a Quaker Friends Academy and Bennington College in Vermont where she studied English. For a time she worked at sail making, also volunteering at a zoo and running a restaurant before starting a building restoration company in 1977. She published Yaahting, a parody of the magazine Yachting.  She also wrote for Nautical Quarterly.Meyer has been politically active, opposing the Vietnam War and being involved in local politics in Newport, Rhode Island.In 1984 she purchased the J class yacht Endeavour and began the restoration. She was also instrumental in the restoration of Shamrock V another J, and more than 80 classic yachts. She is president of J-Class Management. She founded the International Yacht Restoration School in 1993 which has taught 400 students in yacht building and restoration.  For her efforts in building and yacht restoration she has received the president's award from the National Trust for Historic Preservation. In 2011 she received the Don Turner Award from the USS Constitution Museum for her work in maritime preservation. From 1975 to 1993 she owned the Concordia yawl, Matinicus and has authored books on the Ray Hunt designed class. She now sails Seminole, a 1916 Lawley-built 47 ft (14.3m) gaff yawl,  bought in 1996 from California unseen for a dollar. She completed its restoration in 2005 and has sailed Seminole with her husband over 18,000 miles.
<Ashwattha>	Ashwattha (Gujarati: અશ્વત્થ) is a collection of poems written by Natwarlal Kuberdas Pandya, also known as Ushnas, in Gujarati. The book won the Sahitya Akademi Award for Gujarati in 1976. It is considered Ushnas's finest work in Gujarati.Ushnas wrote the poems between 1966 and 1973. They were published in various Gujarati literary magazines including Kumar and Samarpan. The book was first published in 1975 by Vora & Company, in Ahmedabad.
<Ricky_Ortiz>	Richard Young (born May 12, 1975) is an American retired professional wrestler and former football player. He is best known for his work with WWE performing under the ring name Ricky Ortiz.Young spent time in the XFL, the Canadian Football League (CFL), the Arena Football League (AFL), and the National Football League (NFL).
<John_Yeon_Speculative_House>	The John Yeon Speculative House is a historic house located in Portland, Oregon, United States, built in 1939. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is one of a series of speculative houses by native Oregon architect and conservationist John Yeon following the critically acclaimed Watzek House (1936).  The series included nine houses built between 1938 and 1940 in Lake Oswego and Portland.  The houses used a modular design concept that pioneered the use of external plywood as a building material and separate ventilation louvers, which allowed for series of fixed pane glass to be inset between vertical mullions. Yeon is frequently cited as one of the originators of what became known as the Northwest Regional style of architecture.[citation needed]This article about a property in Oregon on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<John_Ruskin>	John Ruskin (8 February 1819 – 20 January 1900) was an English writer, philosopher, art critic and polymath of the Victorian era. He wrote on subjects as varied as geology, architecture, myth, ornithology, literature, education, botany and political economy.Ruskin's writing styles and literary forms were equally varied. He wrote essays and treatises, poetry and lectures, travel guides and manuals, letters and even a fairy tale. He also made detailed sketches and paintings of rocks, plants, birds, landscapes, architectural structures and ornamentation. The elaborate style that characterised his earliest writing on art gave way in time to plainer language designed to communicate his ideas more effectively. In all of his writing, he emphasised the connections between nature, art and society. 
<Bart_the_Fink>	"Bart the Fink" is the fifteenth episode of the seventh season of the American animated television series The Simpsons. It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 11, 1996. In this episode, Bart inadvertently exposes Krusty the Clown as one of the biggest tax cheats in American history. With his career ruined, Krusty fakes his suicide and adopts an alias, until Bart and Lisa convince him to become a television clown again.The episode was written by John Swartzwelder and Bob Kushell, and directed by Jim Reardon. American actor Bob Newhart guest-starred in it as himself. The episode's title is a play on the 1991 film Barton Fink.
<Harry_Kroto>	Sir Harold Walter Kroto FRS (born Harold Walter Krotoschiner; 7 October 1939 – 30 April 2016), known as Harry Kroto, was an English chemist. He shared the 1996 Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Robert Curl and Richard Smalley for their discovery of fullerenes. He was the recipient of many other honors and awards.Kroto ended his career as the Francis Eppes Professor of Chemistry at Florida State University, which he joined in 2004. Prior to this, he spent approximately 40 years at the University of Sussex.
<FC_Dynamo_Kyiv>	Football Club Dynamo Kyiv (Ukrainian: Футбольний клуб «Динамо» Київ, pronounced [dɪˈnɑmo ˈkɪjiu̯]) is a Ukrainian professional football club based in Kyiv. Founded in 1927 as a Kyivan football team of republican branch of the bigger Soviet Dynamo Sports Society, the club as a separate business entity was officially formed only in 1989 and currently plays in the Ukrainian Premier League, and has never been relegated to a lower division. The club has secured brand rights from the Ukrainian Dynamo society and has no direct relations to the sports society since 1989. Their home is the 70,050 capacity Olimpiyskiy National Sports Complex.Since 1936, Dynamo Kyiv has spent its entire history in the top league of Soviet and later Ukrainian football. Its most successful periods are associated with Valeriy Lobanovskyi, who coached the team during three stints, leading them to numerous domestic and European titles. In 1961, the club became first-ever in the history of Soviet football that managed to overcome the total hegemony of Moscow-based clubs in the Soviet Top League. The Spartak Moscow–Dynamo Kyiv rivalry that began in the mid-1970s, is widely considered to have been one of the most exciting football rivalries in the Soviet Union. Since becoming the first Soviet football club to participate in UEFA competition in 1965, Dynamo Kyiv has played in European competitions almost every season.
<Merrill_Lynch>	Merrill (officially Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated), previously branded Merrill Lynch, is an American investment management and wealth management division of Bank of America. Along with BofA Securities, the investment banking arm, both firms engage in prime brokerage and broker-dealer activities. The firm is headquartered in New York City, and once occupied the entire 34 stories of 250 Vesey Street, part of the Brookfield Place complex in Manhattan. Merrill employs over 14,000 financial analysts and manages $2.3 trillion in client assets. The company also operates Merrill Edge, an electronic trading platform.Prior to 2009, the company was publicly owned and traded on the New York Stock Exchange. Merrill Lynch & Co. agreed to be acquired by Bank of America on September 14, 2008, at the height of the financial crisis of 2007–2008, the same weekend that Lehman Brothers was allowed to fail. The acquisition was completed in January 2009 and Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. was merged into Bank of America Corporation in October 2018, with certain Bank of America subsidiaries continuing to carry the Merrill Lynch name, including the broker-dealer Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith. In 2019, Bank of America rebranded the unit to "Merrill".
<Jim_Allen_(playwright)>	James Allen (7 October 1926 – 24 June 1999) was an English socialist playwright, best known for his collaborations with Ken Loach.Allen was born in the Miles Platting area of Manchester, Lancashire, on 7 October 1926, the second child of Kitty and Jack Allen, Roman Catholics of Irish descent. At the outbreak of World War II in 1939, Allen left school at the age of 13 to work in a wire factory. He had various jobs during the war, before being called up into the Army in 1944. He joined the Seaforth Highlanders, and served with the British occupation forces in Germany. After leaving the Army in 1947, he worked at a variety of jobs, including a builder's labourer, a fireman in the Merchant Navy, and a miner at Bradford Colliery in Bradford, Manchester.
<Doug_Savant>	Douglas Peter Savant (born June 21, 1964) is an American actor, known for his roles as Matt Fielding in the Fox prime time soap opera Melrose Place (1992–97), Tom Scavo in ABC comedy-drama Desperate Housewives (2004–12), and as Sgt. O'Neal in Godzilla (1998).Savant was born and raised in Burbank, California. He attended University of California, Los Angeles.Savant began his career appearing in teen comedy films Secret Admirer and Teen Wolf in 1985, and the following year appeared in horror film Trick or Treat. From 1986 to 1987, he had a recurring role as a younger version of Mac McKenzie (played by Kevin Dobson) in the CBS prime time soap opera Knots Landing. He was paired with future Desperate Housewives co-star Nicollette Sheridan, who played a younger version of the Anne Matheson character portrayed by Michelle Phillips. In 1988, he co-starred in erotic thriller film Masquerade alongside Rob Lowe and Kim Cattrall
<Antonio_Skármeta>	Antonio Skármeta (born Esteban Antonio Skármeta Vranicic on November 7, 1940) is a Chilean writer, scriptwriter and director descending from Croatian immigrants from the Adriatic island of Brač, Dalmatia. He was awarded Chile's National Literature Prize in 2014.Skármeta studied at Colegio San Luis of Antofagasta and at Instituto Nacional General José Miguel Carrera, a prestigious public high school of  Santiago.His 1985 novel and film Ardiente paciencia ("Burning Patience") inspired the 1994 Academy Award-winning movie, Il Postino (The Postman). Passionate about cinema, Skármeta has written several scripts and directed at least two films. Subsequent editions of the book bore the title El cartero de Neruda (Neruda's Postman). His fiction has since received dozens of awards and has been translated into nearly thirty languages worldwide.
<FC_Dynamo-3_Kyiv>	FC Dynamo-3 Kyiv was a Ukrainian football team based in Kyiv, Ukraine. The team has been featured in the Ukrainian Second League, since it cannot be promoted to the Ukrainian First League, being a junior team from the FC Dynamo Kyiv franchise, which  already has its 2nd tier team (FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv) in the First League.Like most tributary teams, the best players are sent up to the senior team, meanwhile developing other junior players for further call-ups. The team consists of Dynamo's players whose average age is less than 20—In essence the club's future. The players usually progress to this team through the Dynamo Kyiv youth system.Dynamo-3 Kyiv is withdrawn from the Ukrainian Second League 2008-09 season to allow MFK Mykolaiv reenter the PFL and compete.
<Typhoon_(simulator)>	Typhoon (also expanded as Typhoon "Mad Wave" Motion Theater Deluxe) is a coin-operated media-based motion simulator created by Triotech. It is a 3D arcade machine with 2 seats for people to sit in including 15 films where it can shake and drop. The machine delivers up to 2 g-forces of acceleration.Original releases:Nwave Exclusive films:
<Andrea_M._Ghez>	Andrea Mia Ghez (born June 16, 1965) is an American astrophysicist and professor in the Department of Physics and Astronomy and the Lauren B. Leichtman & Arthur E. Levine chair in Astrophysics, at the University of California, Los Angeles. Her research focuses on the center of the Milky Way galaxy.In 2020, she became the fourth woman to be awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics, sharing one half of the prize with Reinhard Genzel (the other half being awarded to Roger Penrose). The Nobel Prize was awarded to Ghez and Genzel for their discovery of a supermassive compact object, now generally recognized to be a black hole, in the Milky Way's galactic center.
<John_Heard_(actor)>	John Heard Jr. (March 7, 1946 – July 21, 2017) was an American actor. He appeared in a number of successful films, including Heart Beat (1980), Cutter's Way (1981), Cat People (1982), Beaches (1988), and Deceived (1991). Other films include The Trip to Bountiful (1985), Big (1988), The Pelican Brief (1993), White Chicks (2004), and his role as Kevin McCallister's father, Peter, in Home Alone (1990) and Home Alone 2: Lost in New York (1992). From 1995 to 1996, he played the role of Roy Foltrigg in the television series The Client. From 2005 to 2006, Heard played the role of Governor Frank Tancredi in Prison Break. He was nominated for an Emmy Award in 1999 for guest-starring as Vin Makazian on The Sopranos (1999–2004).Heard was born on March 7, 1946, in Washington, D.C. He was the son of Helen (Sperling), who was involved in the arts and appeared in community theatre, and John Henry Heard, who worked for the office of the Secretary of Defense. Heard was raised as a Catholic.
<Lucifer's_Hammer>	Lucifer's Hammer is a science fiction post-apocalypse-survival novel by American writers Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle that was first published in 1977. It was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1978. Two issues of a planned six-part comic book adaptation were published by Innovation Comics in 1993.When wealthy amateur astronomer Tim Hamner co-discovers a new comet, named Hamner-Brown for its discoverers, documentary producer Harvey Randall persuades Hamner to have his soap company sponsor a television documentary series on the comet. Political lobbying by California Senator Arthur Jellison eventually gets a joint Apollo-Soyuz (docking with Skylab B) mission approved to study the comet, dubbed "The Hammer" by the media, which is expected to pass close to the Earth.The scientific community assures the public that a collision with Earth is extremely unlikely, but the comet's nucleus breaks apart and the pieces strike parts of Europe, Africa, the Gulf of Mexico, and the Pacific and Atlantic Oceans. These result in volcano eruptions, earthquakes and tsunamis, destroying major coastal cities around the world, killing billions and initiating a new ice age because of the massive quantities of water and debris flung into the atmosphere.
<Love_Byrd>	Love Byrd is a 1981 album by Donald Byrd and 125th Street, N.Y.C., produced by Isaac Hayes and released on the Elektra label.
<Edward_A._Lacey>	Edward A. Lacey (1938-1995) was a Canadian poet and translator, who was credited with publishing the first openly gay-identified collection of poetry in the history of Canadian literature.Born in Lindsay, Ontario, Lacey studied French and German at the University of Toronto before moving to Texas to pursue an M.A. in linguistics at the University of Texas at Austin. While there, he was the roommate of Randy Wicker, who ran for president of the student union but was disqualified when the university president learned that Wicker and Lacey were gay. Shortly before his graduation, he was arrested for transporting marijuana across the U.S.-Mexican border, and received his degree in absentia.Throughout his career he worked as a translator and taught literature and English as a second language in Mexico, Trinidad, Brazil, Greece and Thailand, including a stint as a private tutor to former Brazilian president Juscelino Kubitschek. He also held academic positions at the University of Alberta and the University of the West Indies. He published The Forms of Life, the first gay-identified book of poetry published in Canada, in 1965. The book was financed by Dennis Lee and Margaret Atwood.
<Will_Johnson_(soccer)>	William David Johnson (born January 21, 1987) is a Canadian soccer player who plays for Central Florida Panthers in the National Premier Soccer League and the Central Florida Crusaders in the National Indoor Soccer League. A versatile midfielder, Johnson has represented Canada internationally.Johnson was born in Canada, but moved shortly afterwards to England where he started playing soccer, attending the Merchant Taylors' School in Crosby, near Liverpool. When he was 10 his family once again moved, this time to Woodridge, Illinois, and he played youth soccer for the Sockers FC Chicago. Johnson later returned to England to play for the youth team of Blackburn Rovers in the 2003–04 season. However, after the season he left Blackburn and returned to Illinois. He was on the roster of Chicago Fire Reserves in the USL Premier Development League, but did not feature in any PDL games.
<Arts_Council_of_Great_Britain>	The Arts Council of Great Britain was a non-departmental public body dedicated to the promotion of the fine arts in Great Britain. It was divided in 1994 to form the Arts Council of England (now Arts Council England), the Scottish Arts Council (later merged into Creative Scotland), and the Arts Council of Wales. At the same time the National Lottery was established and these three arts councils, plus the Arts Council of Northern Ireland, became distribution bodies.In January 1940, during the Second World War, the Council for the Encouragement of Music and the Arts (CEMA), was appointed to help promote and maintain British culture. Chaired by Lord De La Warr, President of the Board of Education, the council was government-funded and after the war was renamed the Arts Council of Great Britain. Reginald Jacques was appointed musical director, with Sir Henry Walford Davies and George Dyson also involved. John Denison took over after the war.A royal charter was granted on 9 August 1946, followed by another in 1967. The latter provided for functions in Scotland and Wales to be conducted by two committees known as the Scottish and Welsh Arts Councils – the basis for the later Scottish Arts Council and Arts Council of Wales.
<Space_Chimps_(video_game)>	Space Chimps is a platform video game based on the film of the same name. It was published by Brash Entertainment and was released for the PlayStation 2, Wii, Nintendo DS, Xbox 360, and Microsoft Windows in 2008.Similar to the film, Ham III, grandson of Ham, the first chimpanzee in space, teams up with fellow spacemates Luna and Titan on a space adventure to an unknown planet.The player plays two characters, Ham and Luna, defeating enemies in order to defeat Zartog and save their friend, collecting gumdrop-shaped objects called Globhoppers as well as bananas along the way. 
<Gerardo_Berodia>	Gerardo García Berodia (born 6 June 1981) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a left winger or a forward for CF Celta Barreiros.He amassed Segunda División B totals of 235 matches and 60 goals over nine seasons, representing nine clubs. Professionally, he appeared for Lugo and Jorge Wilstermann.
<Edmond_James_de_Rothschild>	Baron Abraham Edmond Benjamin James de Rothschild (Hebrew: הברון אברהם אדמונד בנימין  ג'יימס  רוטשילד - HaBaron Avraham Edmond Binyamin Ya'akov Rotshield; 19 August 1845 – 2 November 1934) was a French member of the Rothschild banking family. A strong supporter of Zionism, his large donations lent significant support to the movement during its early years, which helped lead to the establishment of the State of Israel – where he is simply known as "The Baron Rothschild", "HaBaron" (lit. "The Baron"), or "Hanadiv" (lit. "The generous one").A member of the French branch of the Rothschild banking dynasty, he was born in the Paris suburb of Boulogne-Billancourt, Hauts-de-Seine, the youngest child of James Mayer Rothschild and Betty von Rothschild. He grew up in the world of the Second Republic and the Second Empire and was a soldier "Garde Mobile" in the first Franco-Prussian War.In 1877, he married Adelheid von Rothschild of Naples, the daughter of Wilhelm Carl von Rothschild, one of the Rothschild banking family of Naples, with whom he had three children: James Armand Edmond, Maurice Edmond Karl and Miriam Caroline Alexandrine.
<Brouwer_Award_(Division_on_Dynamical_Astronomy)>	The Brouwer Award is awarded annually by the Division on Dynamical Astronomy of the American Astronomical Society for outstanding lifetime achievement in the field of dynamical astronomy.  The prize is named for Dirk Brouwer.  Source: Division on Dynamical Astronomy of the American Astronomical Society
<John_J._Crittenden>	John Jordan Crittenden (September 10, 1787  – July 26, 1863) was an American statesman and politician from the U.S. state of Kentucky. He represented the state in the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate and twice served as United States Attorney General in the administrations of William Henry Harrison, John Tyler, and Millard Fillmore. He was also the 17th governor of Kentucky and served in the state legislature. Although frequently mentioned as a potential candidate for the U.S. presidency, he never consented to run for the office.During his early political career, Crittenden served in the Kentucky House of Representatives and was chosen as speaker on several occasions. With the advent of the Second Party System, he allied with the National Republican (later Whig) Party and was a fervent supporter of Henry Clay and opponent of Democrats Andrew Jackson and Martin Van Buren.
<Don_Mitchell_(actor)>	Don Michael Mitchell (March 17, 1943 – December 8, 2013) was an American actor, best known for appearing with Raymond Burr in the NBC television series Ironside (1967-1975). Mitchell played the role of Mark Sanger, and reprised the role in the made-for-TV "reunion" film in 1993, which was noted as his last television appearance.Mitchell, who was a native of Houston, grew up on his grandfather's farm. He "excelled in both football and basketball" at his high school in Houston. His postsecondary education began at Los Angeles City College, from which he transferred to the University of California, Los Angeles, where he studied acting. His acting at UCLA led to his role in Ironside, as producer Collier Young saw Mitchell on stage in a production of Poor Bitos and signed him for the show 3 weeks before production began. Mitchell's other television roles include McMillan & Wife and playing Ed Lawrence on the CBS daytime soap opera Capitol. He also appeared as a policeman in Bewitched and Dr. Samson on Wonder Woman. He also co-starred in the film Scream Blacula Scream (1973).From 1969 to 1970, Mitchell was married to the model Emilie Blake, with whom he had a daughter, Dawn Mitchell. In 1972, Mitchell married actress Judy Pace, later divorcing in 1984. Together, Mitchell and Pace have two daughters, actress Julia Pace Mitchell, who appears on the CBS daytime soap opera The Young and the Restless, and attorney Shawn Meshelle Mitchell. Mitchell died of natural causes at his home in Encino, Los Angeles on December 8, 2013, at age 70.
<Jeff_Morrow>	Leslie Irving Morrow, known as Jeff Morrow (January 13, 1907 – December 26, 1993), was an American actor educated at Pratt Institute in his native New York City. Morrow was a commercial artist prior to turning to acting. Early in his career, he acted on the Broadway stage using the name Irving Morrow.As early as 1927, aged 20, Morrow acted onstage as Irving Morrow in Pennsylvania.[citation needed] He later appeared in such plays as Penal Law and Once in a Lifetime, as well as repertory in Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream, Twelfth Night, Romeo and Juliet and Macbeth.After serving in the U.S. Army during World War II, Morrow spent the late 1940s on the stage and in radio, where he won the title role in the Dick Tracy radio series. He appeared in many Broadway productions, notably Three Wishes for Jamie, Billy Budd, the Maurice Evans production of Macbeth and the Katharine Cornell production of Romeo and Juliet.
<Hugh_Marlowe>	Hugh Marlowe (born Hugh Herbert Hipple; January 30, 1911 – May 2, 1982) was an American film, television, stage and radio actor.Marlowe was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.  He was born Hugh Herbert Hipple. He was of primarily English ancestry, his family having been in what is now the northeastern United States since the early colonial period. Hipple had several ancestors on the Mayflower, through his father he was descended from Myles Standish through Standish's son Alexander Standish and he was also descended from Isaac Allerton and Isaac Allerton Jr. and American Revolutionary war hero Ichabod Alden through whom he is descended from John Alden. Through his mother he was descended from John Endecott.Marlowe began his stage career in the 1930s at the Pasadena Playhouse in California, first under his birth name, then as John Marlowe. He was first seen on the Broadway stage in New York City in Arrest That Woman (1936), permanently settling on Hugh Marlowe as his stage name. His Broadway appearances included Kiss the Boys Goodbye, The Land Is Bright, Lady in the Dark, Laura, and Duet for Two Hands.
<Fellow_of_the_Royal_Society>	Fellowship of the Royal Society (FRS, ForMemRS and HonFRS) is an award granted by the judges of the Royal Society of London to individuals who have made a "substantial contribution to the improvement of natural knowledge, including mathematics, engineering science, and medical science".Fellowship of the Society, the oldest known scientific academy in continuous existence, is a significant honour. It has been awarded to many eminent scientists throughout history, including Isaac Newton (1672), Michael Faraday (1824), Charles Darwin (1839), Ernest Rutherford (1903), Srinivasa Ramanujan (1918), Albert Einstein (1921), Paul Dirac (1930), Winston Churchill (1941), Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar (1944), Dorothy Hodgkin (1947), Alan Turing (1951), Lise Meitner (1955) and Francis Crick (1959). More recently, fellowship has been awarded to Stephen Hawking (1974), David Attenborough (1983), Tim Hunt (1991), Elizabeth Blackburn (1992), Tim Berners-Lee (2001), Venki Ramakrishnan (2003), Atta-ur-Rahman (2006), Andre Geim (2007), James Dyson (2015), Ajay Kumar Sood (2015), Subhash Khot (2017) and around 8,000 others in total, including over 280 Nobel Laureates since 1900. As of October 2018[update], there are approximately 1,689 living Fellows, Foreign and Honorary Members, of which over 60 are Nobel Laureates.
<Brighton_Hippodrome>	Brighton Hippodrome is an entertainment venue in the ancient centre of Brighton, part of the English city of Brighton and Hove. It has been empty and out of use since 2007, when its use as a bingo hall ceased.From its construction in 1897 it has hosted an ice rink, circus acts, variety theatre, vaudeville shows and bands such as The Beatles and The Rolling Stones. The flamboyantly decorated interior, with a large auditorium and Rococo embellishments, survives despite the frequent alterations; but in July 2010 its owner announced that it would cost £9 million to restore the building and convert it into a live music venue, and a charitable trust expressed concern over its future. Since 2011, several plans have been submitted to convert the building for alternative uses.  English Heritage has listed the building at Grade II* for its architectural and historical importance.
<Meredith_MacRae>	Meredith Lynn MacRae (May 30, 1944 – July 14, 2000) was an American actress, singer and talk show host. She is most remembered for her roles as Sally Morrison on My Three Sons (1963–1965) and as Billie Jo Bradley on Petticoat Junction (1966–1970).MacRae was born in Houston, Texas, to parents Gordon and Sheila MacRae. Her father was stationed with the Army Air Corps in Houston at the time of her birth. Both of her parents went on to be actors. She is the sister of William Gordon MacRae, Robert Bruce MacRae, and Heather MacRae.
<Craig_Dobson>	Craig Dobson (born 23 January 1984) is a football midfielder, who is currently without a club. He is also a noted football freestyler, having appeared in the DVD Urban Freestyler.Dobson started his career with Crystal Palace, but having failed to make a first team appearance for the "Eagles", he joined Cheltenham Town in the summer of 2003. He made his debut on 27 September, coming on as an 80th minute substitute for Bertie Cozic in a 2–0 defeat at Bristol Rovers' Memorial Stadium. He left the club after a couple of brief cameos in the league and Football League Trophy. In June 2004, Dobson made his international debut for Jamaica, coming on as an 85th-minute substitute for Marlon King in a 1-0 Unity Cup defeat to Republic of Ireland at The Valley.
<Liberal_Democratic_Federation_of_Hong_Kong>	The Liberal Democratic Federation of Hong Kong (Chinese: 香港自由民主聯會, abbreviated 自民聯; LDF) was a pro-Beijing pro-business and conservative political party in Hong Kong. It was established in 1990, and was composed of mainly conservative businessmen and professionals. It contested in the District Board elections, Urban and Regional Council elections and the first Legislative Council election in 1991 against the liberal United Democrats of Hong Kong (UDHK). It was merged into the Hong Kong Progressive Alliance in 1997. Chaired by Hu Fa-kuang and vice-chaired by Maria Tam and Philip Kwok, the leading figures included Tso Wung-wai, Howard Young, and Daniel Heung.The party was established by a group of conservative businesspeople and professionals in the Hong Kong Basic Law Consultative Committee (BLCC), Hong Kong Basic Law Drafting Committee (BLDC), which was often called the "Group of 89", and appointed members in the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (LegCo) who worried about welfare spending and adversarial on 6 November 1990, as the reaction to the liberals forming the United Democrats of Hong Kong (UDHK) on the eve of the first direct LegCo elections. The objective of party was to support candidates to fun in the upcoming elections. Due to lack of popular basis and experience, the group invited Maria Tam Wai-chu, member of the Executive and Legislative Councils and her Progressive Hong Kong Society (PHKS) to join, as well as four councillors from the Hong Kong Civic Association. Hu Fa-kuang became the founding Chairman, while Maria Tam and Philip Kwok Chi-kuen the founding Vice-Chairmen.
<Comedy_Playhouse>	Comedy Playhouse is a long-running British anthology series of one-off unrelated sitcoms that aired for 120 episodes from 1961 to 1975. Many episodes later graduated to their own series, including  Steptoe and Son, Meet the Wife, Till Death Us Do Part, All Gas and Gaiters, Up Pompeii!, Not in Front of the Children, Me Mammy, That's Your Funeral, The Liver Birds, Are You Being Served? and particularly Last of the Summer Wine, which is the world's longest running sitcom, having run from January 1973 to August 2010.In March 2014, it was announced that Comedy Playhouse would make a return that year with three new episodes.
<U.C._Sampdoria>	Unione Calcio Sampdoria, commonly referred to as Sampdoria (Italian pronunciation: [sampˈdɔːrja]), is an Italian professional football club based in Genoa.The club was formed in 1946 from the merger of two existing sports clubs whose roots can be traced back to the 1890s, Sampierdarenese and Andrea Doria. Both the team name and colours reflect this union, the first being a combination of the names, the second taking the form of a unique kit design, predominantly blue (for Andrea Doria) with white, red and black bands (for Sampierdarenese) across the centre of the shirt, hence the nickname blucerchiati ("blue-circled").
<Charles_Boyer>	Charles Boyer (French: [bwaje]; 28 August 1899 – 26 August 1978) was a French-American actor who appeared in more than 80 films between 1920 and 1976. After receiving an education in drama, Boyer started on the stage, but he found his success in American films during the 1930s. His memorable performances were among the era's most highly praised, in romantic dramas such as The Garden of Allah (1936), Algiers (1938), and Love Affair (1939), as well as the mystery-thriller Gaslight (1944). He received four Oscar nominations for Best Actor. He also appeared as himself on the CBS sitcom I Love Lucy.Boyer was born in Figeac, Lot, France, the son of Augustine Louise Durand and Maurice Boyer, a merchant. Boyer (which means "cowherd" in the Occitan language) was a shy small-town boy who discovered the movies and theatre at the age of eleven.
<The_Last_Ship_(novel)>	The Last Ship is a 1988 post-apocalyptic fiction novel written by William Brinkley.  The Last Ship tells the story of a United States Navy guided missile destroyer, the fictional USS Nathan James (DDG-80), on patrol in the Barents Sea during a brief, full-scale nuclear war between the United States and the Soviet Union. It details the ship's ensuing search for a new home for her crew.An eponymous television series loosely based on the novel aired from 2014 to 2018 on the TNT network.
<Jonathan_Jackson_(Continental_Congress)>	Jonathan Jackson (June 4, 1743 – March 5, 1810) was an American businessman and politician from Newburyport, Massachusetts. He was most notable for his service as a delegate from Massachusetts in the Continental Congress in 1782, the first United States Marshal for the District of Massachusetts from 1789 to 1791, and Treasurer and Receiver-General of Massachusetts from 1802 to 1806.A native of Boston, Jackson graduated from Harvard College in 1761 and then moved to Newburyport, where he pursued a successful career as an import-export merchant in addition to other business ventures. A Patriot during the American Revolution, Jackson employed his cargo ships as privateers to harass British shipping, executed contracts to provide supplies to the Continental Army, and loaned the Patriot government money. After the Revolution he opposed Shays' Rebellion, became affiliated with the Federalist Party and served in appointed offices including U.S. Marshal and U.S. Supervisor of Internal Revenue for Massachusetts.
<César_Arzo_Amposta>	César Arzo Amposta (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈθesaɾ ˈaɾθo]; born 21 January 1986) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender.Arzo was born in Villarreal, Valencian Community. He came through the ranks of hometown club Villarreal CF, making his debut for the first team on 23 March 2003 against Real Sociedad but never being able to consolidate himself in the starting XI, however.In the 2006–07 season, Arzo was loaned to La Liga newcomers Recreativo de Huelva alongside teammates Javier López Vallejo and Santi Cazorla, moving on loan for the following campaign to another promotee, Real Murcia. Immediately after returning from his latter loan he was deemed surplus to requirements by Villarreal boss Manuel Pellegrini, rejoining, now definitely, Recreativo on a free transfer.
<Rodney_French>	Rodney French was an American abolitionist, politician, and merchant who served as Mayor of New Bedford, Massachusetts.French was born on May 2, 1802, in Berkley, Massachusetts to Samuel and Celia (Crane) French. Samuel French held a number of political offices in Berkley. He served as Berkley's Town Clerk for four years, was a member of the board of selectmen for six years and the School Committee for nine years, and represented the town in the Massachusetts House of Representatives for four years and the Massachusetts Senate for three years. He was also delegate to the Massachusetts Constitutional Convention of 1853.In 1836, French helped form and was elected president of the New Bedford Young Men's Anti-Slavery Society. In 1838, he hired Frederick Douglass to work as a caulker on one of his ships. Douglass, however, was unable to take the job because he was informed that every white man on the ship would leave if he "struck a blow upon her". At an 1841 meeting of the New England Anti-Slavery Society, French, along with fellow radical abolitionists Nathaniel Peabody Rogers and Stephen Symonds Foster, asked the convention to declare "that the church and clergy of the United States, as a whole, constitute a great brotherhood of thieves, inasmuch, as they countenance and support the highest kind of theft - manstealing" and to "renounce them as Christian Church and clergy." This amendment was opposed by William Lloyd Garrison and defeated.
<Alexander_von_Humboldt>	Friedrich Wilhelm Heinrich Alexander von Humboldt (14 September 1769 – 6 May 1859) was a German polymath, geographer, naturalist, explorer, and proponent of Romantic philosophy and science. He was the younger brother of the Prussian minister, philosopher, and linguist Wilhelm von Humboldt (1767–1835). Humboldt's quantitative work on botanical geography laid the foundation for the field of biogeography. Humboldt's advocacy of long-term systematic geophysical measurement laid the foundation for modern geomagnetic and meteorological monitoring.Between 1799 and 1804, Humboldt travelled extensively in the Americas, exploring and describing them for the first time from a modern Western scientific point of view. His description of the journey was written up and published in several volumes over 21 years. Humboldt was one of the first people to propose that the lands bordering the Atlantic Ocean were once joined (South America and Africa in particular).
<Barbara_Trentham>	Barbara Trentham (born Barbara Lynn Schilling; August 27, 1944 – August 2, 2013) was an American model and actress. In the early 1970s, her photo appeared on many prominent magazine covers, including the British edition of Vogue. As an actress, she starred in the 1975 film Rollerball, and had supporting roles in numerous other 1970s films. Trentham was married to actor-comedian John Cleese.Trentham was born Barbara Lynn Schilling in 1944 in the Brooklyn borough of New York City, moved with her parents as a child to Connecticut.. She attended Mount Holyoke College in South Hadley, Massachusetts, from which she graduated in 1966 and then moved to England to study at the University of Oxford. At Oxford she met fellow student Giles Trentham; they married in 1967 and she retained his name after their divorce in 1970.
<André_Jagendorf>	André Tridon Jagendorf (October 21, 1926 – March 13, 2017) was an American Liberty Hyde Bailey Professor Emeritus in the Section of Plant Biology at Cornell University who is notable for providing direct evidence that chloroplasts synthesize adenosine triphosphate (ATP) using the chemiosmotic mechanism proposed by Peter Mitchell.André Tridon Jagendorf was born on October 21, 1926 in New York City to Moritz Adolph Jagendorf and Sophie Sheba (Sokolsky) Jagendorf. He married Jean Elizabeth Whitenack on June 12, 1952. They had three children Suzanne, Judith and Daniel (deceased January 2014); 8 grandchildren; and 9 great grandchildren. André Jagendorf died on March 13, 2017.André Jagendorf graduated from Cornell University where he was strongly influenced by Loren Petry who taught General Botany. He earned his PhD in 1951 at Yale University under David Bonner. André then went to UCLA, where he was awarded a Merck Postdoctoral fellowship and spent what he called "the happiest years of my life" working with Sam Wildman. Jagendorf became an Assistant professor at Johns Hopkins University in 1953, as Associate professor in 1958, and a Full professor in 1966. Jagendorf then returned to Cornell University as Professor of Plant Physiology, and in 1981 became the Liberty Hyde Baily Professor. Since 1997 Jagendorf has been the Liberty Hyde Bailey Professor Emeritus in the Department of Plant Biology and was actively doing research and mentoring young scientists until days before his death.
<Guy_Endore>	Samuel Guy Endore (July 4, 1901 – February 12, 1970), born Samuel Goldstein and also known as Harry Relis, was an American novelist and screenwriter. During his career he produced a wide array of novels, screenplays, and pamphlets, both published and unpublished. A cult favorite of fans of horror, he is best known for his novel The Werewolf of Paris (1933), which occupies a significant position in werewolf literature, much in the same way that Dracula (1897) does for vampire literature. Endore is also known for his left-wing novel of the Haitian Revolution, Babouk: The Story of A Slave. He was nominated for a screenwriting Oscar for The Story of G.I. Joe (1945), and his novel Methinks the Lady . . . (1946) was the basis for Ben Hecht's screenplay for Whirlpool (1949).Endore was born Samuel Goldstein in Brooklyn, New York, to Isidor and Malka Halpern Goldstein. His father was a coal miner, inventor, and investor from Pittsburgh who often had difficulty making ends meet. His mother died by suicide when he was four, possibly due to the family's unstable and often insufficient livelihood. Isidor changed their name[clarification needed] in an attempt to move beyond the events of the past, and he placed the children in a Methodist orphanage. During this time, Isidor sold an invention and dreamt that his dead wife willed the children to have a European education, so he sent them to Vienna with the newfound windfall. The children lived in Vienna for five years under the care of a Catholic governess, but when Isidor disappeared and their funds ran short, they returned to Pittsburgh and lived together.While there Endore attended the Carnegie Technical Institute but would earn his B.A. (1923) and M.A. (1925), both in European languages, at Columbia University. According to his own account, he scraped together the money to attend, even renting out his bed to a wealthier student while he slept on the floor. He unsuccessfully pursued a PhD
<Alf_Clausen>	Alf Heiberg Clausen (born March 28, 1941) is an American film and television composer.  He is best known for his work scoring many episodes of The Simpsons, for which he was the sole composer between 1990 and 2017. Clausen has scored or orchestrated music for more than 30 films and television shows, including Moonlighting, The Naked Gun, ALF and Ferris Bueller's Day Off. Clausen received an Honorary Doctorate of Music from Berklee College of Music in 1996.Clausen was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, and raised in Jamestown, North Dakota. Clausen was interested in music from a young age. He counts composer Henry Mancini as one of his heroes; his book Sounds and Scores inspired him. He began playing the French horn in the seventh grade and also learned piano; and he sang in his high school choir. He continued playing and learned to play the bass guitar, stopping singing because the choir met at the same time as the band.
<Malcolm_Nichols>	Malcolm Edwin Nichols (May 8, 1876 – February 7, 1951) was a journalist and a U.S. political figure. Nichols served as the Mayor of Boston in the late 1920s. He came from a Boston Brahmin family and was the most recent Republican to serve in that post.Nichols was the son of Edwin T. Nichols and Helen J. G. (Pingree) Nichols. He was married on December 16, 1915, to Edith M. Williams (died 1925). They had three children, sons Clark S. and Dexter, and daughter Marjorie. In 1926 he married Edith's twin sister Carrie Marjorie Williams.  His son Clark acted as his best man and his son Dexter acted as the ring bearer.Nichols was the Massachusetts State House reporter for The Boston Traveler, covering both houses of the legislature, and later a political reporter for The Boston Post.
<Byblos>	Byblos (/ˈbɪblɒs/ BIB-loss; Greek: Βύβλος), also known as Jbeil or Jubayl (Arabic: جُبَيْل, romanized: Jubayl, locally Jbeil [ʒbeːl]; Phoenician: 𐤂𐤁𐤋, GBL, probably Gebal), is a city in the Keserwan-Jbeil Governorate of Lebanon. It is believed to have been first occupied between 8800 and 7000 BC and continuously inhabited since 5000 BC, making it one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in the world. During its history, Byblos was part of numerous civilizations, including Egyptian, Phoenician, Assyrian, Persian, Hellenistic, Roman, Fatimid, Genoese, Mamluk and Ottoman. The city is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.It was in ancient Byblos that the Phoenician alphabet, likely the ancestor of the Greek, Latin and all other Western alphabets, was developed.Byblos appears as Kebny in Egyptian hieroglyphic records going back to the 4th-dynasty pharaoh Sneferu (fl. 2600 BC) and as Gubla (𒁺𒆷) in the Akkadian cuneiform Amarna letters to the 18th-dynasty pharaohs Amenhotep III and IV. In the 1st millennium BC, its name appeared in Phoenician and Punic inscriptions as Gebal (𐤂𐤁𐤋, GBL); in the Hebrew Bible as Geval (גבל); and in Syriac as GBL (ܓܒܠ). The name seems to derive from GB (𐤂𐤁, "well") and ʾL (𐤀𐤋, "god"), the latter a word that could variously refer to any of the Canaanite gods or to their leader in particular. The name thus seems to have meant the "Well of the God" or "Source of the God".
<White_Knight_Chronicles>	White Knight Chronicles is a fantasy role-playing video game developed by Level-5 and Japan Studio and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 3. It is Level-5's first project for the system. As of August 8, 2009 it has sold 350,000 copies in Japan. A sequel titled White Knight Chronicles II was released in Japan in 2010. A related game for the PlayStation Portable, titled White Knight Chronicles: Origins was released in Japan, Europe and, Australia in 2011.White Knight Chronicles is a role-playing video game presented in a third-person perspective. The player can freely choose which character to control. The characters gain experience points and level up, becoming stronger over the course of the game. Level-5 conceived White Knight Chronicles to have 100 hours of gameplay, a length Akihiro Hino considers to be a full length role-playing game, going against the pressure to make White Knight Chronicles a launch title and cutting the story short.[citation needed]The player can select locations on a world map that the player has already visited to go to instantly, along with a preview of that area. Each area also has a quest list that shows quests the player has yet to complete. The player can choose a quest to embark upon before going to the desired area.
<Saint_Petersburg_State_University>	Saint Petersburg State University (SPBU; Russian: Санкт-Петербургский государственный университет) is a public research university in Saint Petersburg, Russia. Founded in 1724 by a decree of Peter the Great, the university from the beginning has had a focus on fundamental research in science, engineering and humanities.During the Soviet period, it was known as Leningrad State University (Russian: Ленинградский государственный университет). It was renamed after Andrei Zhdanov in 1948 and was officially called "Leningrad State University, named after A. A. Zhdanov and decorated with the Order of Lenin and the Order of the Red Banner of Labour." Zhdanov's was removed in 1989 and Leningrad in the name was officially replaced with Saint Petersburg in 1992.
<Nishitetsu_Baseball_Club>	The Nishitetsu Baseball Club was a team in the Japanese Baseball League (JBL). Founded in 1936 as the Tokyo Senators, the team went through a number of name changes and mergers before being dissolved after the 1943 season.The team's undisputed star for most of its history was two-way player Jirō Noguchi, who excelled as a pitcher. Other notable players for the franchise included Chujiro Endo, Yutaka Ishii, Sadao Kondoh, Toshio Kurosawa, and Jirō's brother Akira Noguchi.The Senators were founded by a group that included politician Yoriyasu Arima. Saburo Yokozawa managed the team in 1936–1937. In the fall 1936 campaign, rookie pitcher Akira Noguchi went 15-13 with a 2.65 earned run average, following that with a combined 34–22 record in 1937, with a 2.21 ERA. (The 1936 and 1937 JBL seasons were split into spring and fall half-seasons.) Noguchi's 1937 totals led the league in games pitched and innings; he started nearly 70% of his team's games, and his 34 wins represented 68% of the Senators combined victories for the full season.
<Alan_Jay_Lerner>	Alan Jay Lerner (August 31, 1918 – June 14, 1986) was an American lyricist and librettist. In collaboration with Frederick Loewe, and later Burton Lane, he created some of the world's most popular and enduring works of musical theatre both for the stage and on film. Lerner won three Tony Awards and three Academy Awards, among other honors.Born in New York City, he was the son of Edith Adelson Lerner and Joseph Jay Lerner, whose brother, Samuel Alexander Lerner, was founder and owner of the Lerner Stores, a chain of dress shops. One of Lerner's cousins was the radio comedian and television game show panelist Henry Morgan. Lerner was educated at Bedales School in England, The Choate School (now Choate Rosemary Hall) in Wallingford, Connecticut, (where he wrote "The Choate Marching Song") and Harvard. He attended both Camp Androscoggin and Camp Greylock. At both Choate and Harvard, Lerner was a classmate of John F. Kennedy; at Choate they had worked together on the yearbook staff.  Like Cole Porter at Yale and Richard Rodgers at Columbia, his career in musical theater began with his collegiate contributions, in Lerner's case to the annual Harvard Hasty Pudding musicals. During the summers of 1936 and 1937, Lerner studied music composition at Juilliard. While attending Harvard, he lost his sight in his left eye due to an accident in the boxing ring. In 1957, Lerner and Leonard Bernstein, another of Lerner's college classmates, collaborated on "Lonely Men of Harvard", a tongue-in-cheek salute to their alma mater.
<Cosmote>	COSMOTE MOBILE TELECOMMUNICATIONS S.A. (Greek: COSMOTE ΚΙΝΗΤΕΣ ΤΗΛΕΠΙΚΟΙΝΩΝΙΕΣ Α.Ε.) known as just Cosmote is the largest mobile network operator in Greece. The company is headquartered in Athens and is a fully owned subsidiary of the Hellenic Telecommunications Organization (OTE), the incumbent telecommunications provider in Greece. COSMOTE has developed business operations in two other South East Europe countries through subsidiaries: Telekom Albania (now One Telecommunications) and Telekom Romania, addressing an extended market of 45 million people. In all three countries COSMOTE counts approximately 35.6 million customers.In September 2015, the parent company OTE announced they are to adopt the COSMOTE brand as their uniform commercial brand covering fixed, broadband and mobile telephony. At this time, the company has chosen not to adopt the Deutsche Telekom brand under which name it operates in its Central and Eastern European operations.On Monday 26 October, the new logo was launched. The Display name of COSMOTE: GR COSMOTE or C-OTE
<Lisa_Vultaggio>	Lisa Vultaggio is a Canadian actress. She is best known for her role as Hannah Scott on General Hospital.Vultaggio was born in Vancouver, British Columbia of Italian descent. She was inspired to take up acting after watching Franco Zeffirelli's Romeo and Juliet. She studied at the Breck Academy in Vancouver.In 1999, she met actor Jonathan Jackson on the set of General Hospital.  They married on June 21, 2002. They have three children: Caleb (born June 21, 2003), Adora (born in the summer of 2005), and Titus Gabriel (born October 7, 2010).
<André_Bikey>	André Stéphane Bikey-Amougou (born 8 January 1985) is a Cameroonian former footballer who is now an assistant manager of Spanish club SD Ponferradina. Primarily a defender, he could also play in midfield, and was known for his physical presence. He is generally known by his first surname Bikey except between 2011 and 2012 while playing for Burnley, when he decided to officially use his second surname Amougou.He moved to Spain at the age of fifteen to train with Espanyol, before finding the opportunity of first team football in Portugal with Marco in the 2002–03 season. He went on to have brief spells with Paços de Ferreira, Aves, and União de Leiria, before joining Russian club Shinnik Yaroslavl in 2005. He switched to Lokomotiv Moscow the following year. He joined English Premier League side Reading on a season-long loan in August 2006, before joining the club permanently for a £1 million fee in April 2007. He was sold on to Burnley for £2.8 million in August 2009. He joined Bristol City on loan in March 2012, before joining Middlesbrough on a free transfer in August 2012. He moved on to Greek club Panetolikos in September 2013, before returning to England in July 2014 to play for Charlton Athletic. He moved to India in October 2015 after being recruited by NorthEast United, and moved on to Pune City in July 2016. He returned to England to join Port Vale in March 2017, before going back to India five months later to play for new club Jamshedpur. He switched to ATK in August 2018 and played for Spanish club CF Igualada in 2020.
<Argentina_national_under-20_football_team>	The Argentina national under-20 football team is the representative of Argentina in FIFA-sponsored tournaments that pertain to that age level.Argentina is the most successful nation in the FIFA U-20 World Cup, winning the competition a record six times. The team has participated in 16 of the 22 World Championship events, since the 1979 edition, which they won. Argentina has also won five South American Youth Championships.Many of Argentina's top players came through the ranks of the youth teams, including  Sergio Agüero, Pablo Aimar, Nicolás Burdisso, Esteban Cambiasso, Ángel Di María, Ramón Díaz, Fernando Gago, Diego Maradona, Jorge Burruchaga, Javier Mascherano, Lionel Messi, Juan Román Riquelme, Oscar Ruggeri, Gabriel Calderón, Sergio Goycochea, Sergio Romero, Maxi Rodríguez, Luis Islas, Luciano Galletti, Juan Pablo Sorín, Franco Costanzo, Walter Samuel, Javier Saviola, Jorge Borelli, Leonardo Biagini, Diego Simeone, Carlos Tevez, Erik Lamela, Éver Banega, Manuel Lanzini and Pablo Piatti, among others.
<Henry_Reynolds_(historian)>	Henry Reynolds, FAHA, FASSA (born 1 March 1938) is an Australian historian whose primary work has focused on the frontier conflict between European settlers in Australia and Indigenous Australians.Reynolds received a state school education in Hobart, Tasmania, from 1944 to 1954. Following this, he attended the University of Tasmania, where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts with Honours in History in 1960, later gaining a Master of Arts in 1964. He received an Honorary Doctor of Letters degree from his alma mater, the University of Tasmania, in 1998 and another from James Cook University in 2015.
<Judy_Dearing>	Judy Dearing (1940 – September 30, 1995) was an American costume designer, dancer, and choreographer. She is most well known for designing costumes for a wide range of theater and musical productions, including Charles Fuller's Pulitzer Prize winning drama "A Soldier's Play" and the 1976 stage adaptation of Ntozake Shange's book, for colored girls who have considered suicide / when the rainbow is enuf.Judy Dearing grew up in Manhattan and graduated from City College of New York, majoring in mathematics and science. She began her performance arts career dancing with Miriam Makeba and acting with the Negro Ensemble Company. Her husband was John Parks, a dancer who collaborated with her on a number of dance productions.Dearing was a resident designer for the Crossroads Theatre, the University of Texas Drama Department, the New Federal Theatre, and the Negro Ensemble Company, as well as for the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater. She designed costumes for a number of regional theaters: Goodman Theatre, the Alliance Theatre, the Hartford Stage, the Guthrie Theatre, the Milwaukee Repertory Theatre, GeVa Theatre, Asolo Theatre, Kennedy Center, Mark Taper Forum, the Egg, and the Goodspeed Opera House. In addition, Dearing was a professor of design at Howard University and resident designer at the University of Texas drama department.
<Kauffman_Stadium>	Kauffman Stadium (/ˈkɔːfmən/), often called "The K", is a baseball stadium located in Kansas City, Missouri. It is home to the Kansas City Royals of Major League Baseball (MLB). It is part of the Truman Sports Complex together with the adjacent Arrowhead Stadium, home of the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League (NFL). The stadium is named for Ewing Kauffman, the founder and first owner of the Royals. It opened in 1973 as Royals Stadium and was named for Kauffman twenty years later on July 2, 1993. Since its last major renovation in 2009, the listed seating capacity is 37,903.Kauffman Stadium was built specifically for baseball during an era when building multisport "cookie-cutter" stadiums  was commonplace. It is often held up along with Dodger Stadium (1962) in Los Angeles as one of the best examples of modernist stadium design. It is currently the only stadium in the American League to be named after a person and is also one of eight stadiums in Major League Baseball that does not have a corporate-sponsored name. The stadium is the sixth-oldest stadium in the majors and has hosted the 1973 and the 2012 MLB All-Star Games, along with Royals home games during the 1980, 1985, 2014, and 2015 World Series. Between 2007 and 2009, Kauffman Stadium underwent a $250 million renovation, which included updates and upgrades in fan amenities, a new Royals hall of fame area, and other updates throughout the facility.In 2022, the Royals announced intentions to leave Kauffman Stadium before the stadium's lease ends in 2030, and build a stadium in downtown Kansas City.
<St_Matthew's,_Bethnal_Green>	St Matthew's, Bethnal Green, is an 18th-century church in Bethnal Green, London, England. It is an Anglican church in the Diocese of London.The church was built 1743–46, to a Classical design by George Dance the Elder. There is a tower, to the centre of the west end, rising above a pedimented, slightly advanced central section. Dance's design was not the first: Nicholas Hawksmoor had produced a plan for the 1711 Commission for Building Fifty New Churches, but, like most of the ambitious target, it failed to come to fruition.
<United_States_Naval_Academy>	The United States Naval Academy (US Naval Academy, USNA, or Navy) is a federal service academy in Annapolis, Maryland. It was established on 10 October 1845 during the tenure of George Bancroft as Secretary of the Navy. The Naval Academy is the second oldest of the five U.S. service academies and it educates midshipmen for service in the officer corps of the United States Navy and United States Marine Corps. The 338-acre (137 ha) campus is located on the former grounds of Fort Severn at the confluence of the Severn River and Chesapeake Bay in Anne Arundel County, 33 miles (53 km) east of Washington, D.C., and 26 miles (42 km) southeast of Baltimore. The entire campus, known colloquially as the Yard, is a National Historic Landmark and home to many historic sites, buildings, and monuments. It replaced Philadelphia Naval Asylum, in Philadelphia, that had served as the first United States Naval Academy from 1838 to 1845, when the Naval Academy formed in Annapolis.Candidates for admission generally must apply directly to the academy and apply separately for a nomination, usually from a member of Congress. Students are officers-in-training with the rank of midshipman. Tuition for midshipmen is fully funded by the Navy in exchange for an active duty service obligation upon graduation. Approximately 1,200 "plebes" (an abbreviation of the Ancient Roman word plebeian) enter the academy each summer for the rigorous Plebe Summer. About 1,000 midshipmen graduate. Graduates are commissioned as either ensigns in the Navy or second lieutenants in the Marine Corps, but a small number can also be cross-commissioned as officers in other U.S. services, and the services of allied nations. The United States Naval Academy has some of the highest paid graduates in the country according to starting salary. The academic program grants a Bachelor of Science degree with a curriculum that grades midshipmen's performance upon a broad academic program, military leadership performance, and mandatory participation in competitive athletics. Midshipmen are required to adhere to the academy's Honor Concept.
<Dallas>	Dallas (/ˈdæləs/) is the third largest city in Texas and the largest city in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex, the fourth-largest metropolitan area in the United States at 7.5 million people. It is the largest city in and seat of Dallas County with portions extending into Collin, Denton, Kaufman and Rockwall counties. With a 2020 census population of 1,304,379, it is the ninth most-populous city in the U.S. and the third-largest in Texas after Houston and San Antonio. Located in the North Texas region, the city of Dallas is the main core of the largest metropolitan area in the southern United States and the largest inland metropolitan area in the U.S. that lacks any navigable link to the sea.The cities of Dallas and nearby Fort Worth were initially developed due to the construction of major railroad lines through the area allowing access to cotton, cattle and later oil in North and East Texas. The construction of the Interstate Highway System reinforced Dallas's prominence as a transportation hub, with four major interstate highways converging in the city and a fifth interstate loop around it. Dallas then developed as a strong industrial and financial center and a major inland port, due to the convergence of major railroad lines, interstate highways and the construction of Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport, one of the largest and busiest airports in the world. In addition, Dallas has DART (Dallas Area Rapid Transit) with different colored train lines that transport throughout the Metroplex.
<Spain_national_football_team>	The Spain national football team (Spanish: Selección Española de Fútbol) has represented Spain in international men's football competitions since 1920. It is governed by the Royal Spanish Football Federation, the governing body for football in Spain.Spain is one of eight national teams to have been crowned world champions, having participated in a total of 16 of 22 FIFA World Cups and qualifying consistently since 1978. Spain also won three continental titles, having appeared at 11 of 16 UEFA European Championships. Spain currently competes in League A of the UEFA Nations League alongside the other top teams of Europe. Their best result was in the 2020–21 season where they reached the final, losing to France.
<Dejan_Antonić>	Dejan Antonić (Serbian Cyrillic: Дејан Антонић, Chinese: 狄恩; born 22 January 1969) is a football manager and former player.He is the father of footballer Stefan Antonić, who has played for Southern in the 2020–21 season.He started his professional football playing in local club Red Star Belgrade.
<Brian_Mills_(television_director)>	Brian Arthur Mills (25 October 1933 – 3 June 2006) was a British television director, mainly for Granada Television. His credits (as director) include Strangers, Bulman, First Among Equals, Coronation Street and Granada's Sherlock Holmes series. He was the only television director to direct episodes of Coronation Street in each of its first five decades.He was married to the stage and TV actress Brigit Forsyth, although they separated in 1999; seven years before his death on 3 June 2006 aged 72.
<Barcelona>	Barcelona (/ˌbɑːrsəˈloʊnə/ BAR-sə-LOH-nə, Catalan: [bəɾsəˈlonə], Spanish: [baɾθeˈlona]) is a city on the coast of northeastern Spain. It is the capital and largest city of the autonomous community of Catalonia, as well as the second most populous municipality of Spain. With a population of 1.6 million within city limits, its urban area extends to numerous neighbouring municipalities within the Province of Barcelona and is home to around 4.8 million people, making it the fifth most populous urban area in the European Union after Paris, the Ruhr area, Madrid, and Milan. It is one of the largest metropolises on the Mediterranean Sea, located on the coast between the mouths of the rivers Llobregat and Besòs, and bounded to the west by the Serra de Collserola mountain range, the tallest peak of which is 512 metres (1,680 feet) high.Founded as a Roman city, in the Middle Ages Barcelona became the capital of the County of Barcelona. After joining with the Kingdom of Aragon to form the confederation of the Crown of Aragon, Barcelona, which continued to be the capital of the Principality of Catalonia, became the most important city in the Crown of Aragon and the main economic and administrative centre of the Crown, only to be overtaken by Valencia, wrested from Arab domination by the Catalans, shortly before the dynastic union between the Crown of Castile and the Crown of Aragon in 1492. Barcelona has a rich cultural heritage and is today an important cultural centre and a major tourist destination. Particularly renowned are the architectural works of Antoni Gaudí and Lluís Domènech i Montaner, which have been designated UNESCO World Heritage Sites. The city is home to two of the most prestigious universities in Spain: the University of Barcelona and Pompeu Fabra University. The headquarters of the Union for the Mediterranean are located in Barcelona. The city is known for hosting the 1992 Summer Olympics as well as world-class conferences and expositions and also many international sport tournaments.
<Yasmin_Le_Bon>	Yasmin Le Bon (née Parvaneh; born 29 October 1964) is an English model. She was one of the highest-earning models during the 1980s and is also known for being the wife of pop star Simon Le Bon.Yasmin Parvaneh was born in Oxford, England, the younger child of an Iranian father and an English mother. Yasmin attended Cherwell School in Oxford.
<G.D._Tourizense>	Grupo Desportivo Tourizense is a Portuguese football club based in Touriz, Tábua Municipality. Founded in 1975, it plays in the Campeonato de Portugal, holding home games at Estádio Visconde do Vinhal, with a 1,200-seat capacity.Founded in 1975, Tourizense steadily progressed from the regional leagues in Coimbra to the third division.Its highest point was playing against Benfica in the 2005–06 Portuguese Cup (11 January 2006), in a 2–0 home loss.
<Bent_(play)>	Bent is a 1979 play by Martin Sherman. It revolves around the persecution of gays in Nazi Germany, and takes place during and after the Night of the Long Knives.The title of the play refers to the slang word "bent" used in some European countries to refer to homosexuals. When the play was first performed, there was only a trickle of historical research or even awareness about the Nazi persecution of homosexuals. In some regards, the play helped increase that historical research and education in the 1980s and 1990s.[citation needed]
<Scotland_national_under-19_football_team>	The Scotland national under-19 football team is the national football team representing Scotland for players of 19 years of age or under at the start of a European Under-19 Football Championship campaign. The team, which is controlled by the Scottish Football Association, acts as a feeder team to the Scotland national football team.Until 2001, the European youth championship was competed for by under-18 teams. The best performance by a Scotland under-18 team was in 1982, when they won the tournament. Beating Czechoslovakia 3–1 in the final, the team was then managed by Andy Roxburgh and Walter Smith, who would both go on to manage the senior side. Scotland defeated rivals England in the qualifying round and finished top of Group 4, which also included the Netherlands. In the semi-finals, Scotland beat Poland 2–0. Scotland also reached the semi-finals of the 1978 tournament, where they lost on penalties to Yugoslavia. Scotland topped Group two – which included Germany and Italy – to qualify for the semi-final, having beaten Denmark in the qualifying round.
<Caleb_Deschanel>	Joseph Caleb Deschanel, ASC (born September 21, 1944) is an American cinematographer and director of film and television. He has been nominated for the Academy Award for Best Cinematography six times. He is a member of the National Film Preservation Board of the Library of Congress, representing the American Society of Cinematographers. He has been married to actress Mary Jo Deschanel since 1972, with whom he has two daughters, actresses Emily and Zooey Deschanel.Deschanel was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the son of Ann Ward (née Orr) and Paul Jules Deschanel. His father was French, from Oullins, Rhône, and his mother was American. Deschanel was raised in his mother's Quaker religion.
<William_Squire>	William Squire (29 April 1917 – 3 May 1989) was a Welsh actor of stage, film and television.Squire was born in Neath, Glamorgan, the son of William Squire and his wife Martha (née Bridgeman).
<Mauricio_Aspe>	Mauricio Aspe (born Edgar Mauricio Aspe López on July 25, 1973, in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican actor.He began as a child model before emerging as an actor at age 17, when he joined the school of acting of Televisa to become an actor. His first acting role was in Maria la del Barrio, where he shared credits with Mexican singer/actress, Thalía. Since then he has worked in various telenovelas mainly produced by Televisa. His most recent acting roles include, La Madrastra, Las Dos Caras de Ana and Querida Enemiga, a telenovela produced by Televisa.He was married to also actress Margarita Magaña with whom he has one child, a daughter called Shakti (b. 2000). In 2012 married again with Jenniffer Queipo and has another daughter called Kala (b.2015)
<Chelsea_Peretti>	Chelsea Vanessa Peretti (born February 20, 1978) is an American comedian, actress, television writer, singer, and songwriter. She is best known for portraying Gina Linetti in the comedy series Brooklyn Nine-Nine and writing for Parks and Recreation and Saturday Night Live.Peretti was born on February 20, 1978, in Oakland, California, the daughter of a schoolteacher mother, Amanda Cherkin, and a criminal defense lawyer and painter father, Anthony Peretti. Her father is of Italian and English descent, and her mother is Jewish. Her step-mother is African-American. She was raised in Oakland, California. She has two brothers and a sister; her older brother, internet entrepreneur Jonah Peretti, co-founded BuzzFeed and The Huffington Post. Chelsea Peretti attended The College Preparatory School in Oakland. She moved to New York City in 1996 to attend Barnard College, during which time (in her junior year) she took a study year abroad to Royal Holloway, University of London. She graduated in 2000. She attended elementary school with her Brooklyn Nine-Nine co-star Andy Samberg and junior high school with comedian Moshe Kasher.
<Murder_in_Harlem>	Murder in Harlem (also released as Lem Hawkins Confession and Brand of Cain) is a 1935 American race film written, produced and directed by Oscar Micheaux, who also appears in the film. He remade his 1921 silent film The Gunsaulus Mystery.Basing the works on the 1913 trial of Leo Frank for the murder of Mary Phagan, Micheaux used the detective genre to introduce different voices and conflicting accounts by his characters. In July 2021, the film was shown in the Cannes Classics section at the 2021 Cannes Film Festival.An African-American man is framed of the murder of a white woman, but a white man is found to be responsible. Author-turned-attorney Henry Glory is hired by the accused man's sister to defend him.  Glory pieces the crime together, and the white killer is revealed.
<Williamson_Evers>	Williamson M. "Bill" Evers (born October 18, 1948) is an American libertarian activist and education researcher. In 1988, he became a resident scholar at Stanford University's Hoover Institution first as a national fellow, then as a visiting scholar, and most recently as a research fellow there and at The Independent Institute.[citation needed] He went on leave from Hoover to serve as Assistant Secretary for the Office of Planning, Evaluation and Policy Development in the United States Department of Education in 2007 to 2009. At the beginning of September 2016, he was selected to lead the "agency action team" for the Department of Education in the Trump-Pence transition.[better source needed]During the 1970s and '80s, Evers was involved in the libertarian movement in the United States and the Libertarian Party specifically. In 1980, he was the Libertarian Party candidate for Congress in the 12th Congressional District of California. For several years he edited the libertarian magazine Inquiry. "Evers was the first editor of Inquiry which was initially published by the Cato Institute. He was abruptly fired in a nasty internal power dispute with Cato president Ed Crane." At the time, he was considered a radical (he was a prominent member of the party's Radical Caucus) and an ally of Murray Rothbard against Crane and his supporters. In 1984, Evers was campaign director for Libertarian Party presidential candidate David Bergland. In 1993, he helped defeat an effort to eliminate the LP membership Pledge and moderate the LP Platform. He was still a member of the Libertarian National Committee as of March 1996.In the late 1990s, Evers began to work in the Republican Party, serving on George W. Bush's transition team after the 2000 election and acting as a Bush adviser in the 2000 and 2004 campaigns and as a McCain adviser in 2008 and a Romney adviser in the 2012 presidential elections. In California, Evers has also served on the Republican State Central Committee and acted as an adviser to several Republican gubernatorial campaigns.[citation needed]
<Stingray_Retro>	Stingray Retro is a Canadian pay television channel owned by the Stingray Group. The channel broadcasts music videos mainly from the 1970s to the early 2010s, with some music videos from the 1960s being played occasionally as well.In November 2000, CHUM Limited was granted approval from the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) to launch a national English language Category 2 specialty television service called MuchMore ClassicVideo, described as "consisting of classic (songs more than five years old) music videos and related programs, including music and pop news or commentaries, interviews, concerts, profiles and specials, as well as music-related feature films and series or programs."The channel was launched on September 4, 2003 as a commercial-free service under the name MuchMoreRetro, a spin-off of MuchMoreMusic (which is owned by CHUM at the time).
<Kim_Hamilton>	Kim Hamilton (born Dorothy Mae Aiken; September 12, 1932 – September 16, 2013) was an American film and television actress, as well as a director, writer, and artist.  Her career spanned more than half a century, from the early 1950s to 2010. Hamilton's early film credits included the 1959 film noir Odds Against Tomorrow opposite Harry Belafonte and The Leech Woman in 1960. She was also one of the first African-American actors to appear on the soap opera Days of Our Lives and was the only African-American to appear in a speaking role on Leave It to Beaver.Hamilton portrayed, in an uncredited role, Helen Robinson in the 1962 film adaptation of To Kill a Mockingbird, based on Harper Lee's novel of the same name. She was the film's last surviving African-American adult cast member with a speaking role.Born in Los Angeles, California, Hamilton as a young woman initially wanted to be a model but said she could not find work in the fashion industry owing to her short stature and race. Instead, she enrolled in acting classes after seeing an advertisement in the Los Angeles Times and then enlisted the services of an agent. Hamilton made her professional acting debut in the 1950s television sitcom Amos 'n' Andy. She played the girlfriend of Andy (Spencer Williams) on the show for several episodes.
<Bethlehem_Steel>	The Bethlehem Steel Corporation was an American steelmaking company headquartered in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. For most of the 20th century, it was one of the world's largest steel producing and shipbuilding companies. At the height of its success and productivity, the company was a symbol of American manufacturing leadership in the world, and its decline and ultimate liquidation in the late 20th century is similarly cited as an example of America's diminished manufacturing leadership. From its founding in 1857 through its 2003 dissolution, Bethlehem Steel's headquarters and primary steel mill manufacturing facilities were based in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania in the Lehigh Valley region of the United States.The company's steel was used in the construction of many of America's largest and most famed structures. Among major buildings, Bethlehem produced steel for 28 Liberty Street, the Chrysler Building, the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, Rockefeller Center, and the Waldorf Astoria hotel in New York City and Merchandise Mart in Chicago. Among major bridges, Bethlehem steel was used in constructing the George Washington Bridge and Verrazzano-Narrows Bridge in New York City, the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco, and the Peace Bridge between Buffalo and Fort Erie, Ontario.
<Discovery_People>	Discovery People was an American cable television network.The channel was launched on March 31, 1997 by CBS as CBS Eye on People, and featured news and human interest stories from CBS News.The channel suffered significant losses, in part because few cable providers were willing to carry it. By the end of its first year on the air, it was only available in 11 million homes, less than half of what most cable channels need to turn a profit. In mid-1998, it was announced that Discovery Communications would buy 50 percent of the channel and take operational control. It dropped "CBS" from its title to become simply Eye on People.
<Creepy_Carrots!>	Creepy Carrots! is a 40-page children's picture book written by Aaron Reynolds and illustrated by Peter Brown. It was published on August 21, 2012, by Simon & Schuster Books for Young Readers. In 2013, a 10-minute animated film based on the book was made by Weston Woods Studios and narrated by James Naughton.Jasper Rabbit loved carrots, especially the carrots that grew in Crackenhopper Field. They were "fat, crisp and free for the taking". Jasper enjoyed these carrots "on the way to school, on his way to Little League practice and on his way home at night", until he started to imagine that they were following him. He first noticed something strange after his Little League game when he stopped at Crackenhopper Field. He thought he saw three jack-o-lantern-jawed carrots behind him in the bathroom mirror. When he turned around, it was just a washcloth, shampoo bottle, and a rubber duck. Then while he was brushing his teeth, he saw the creepy carrots. Jasper yelled for his parents when a carrot shadow lurked up on his bathroom walls. "By the end of the week Jasper was seeing creepy carrots creeping EVERYWHERE." Jasper then came up with a plan to make sure the carrots couldn't escape. He built a fence and a moat around Crackenhopper Field. Jasper was very pleased with himself: "No creepy carrots would get out of that patch again." As the sun set, the carrots "cheered". Their plan had worked. Jasper Rabbit would never get into that carrot patch ever again.Aaron Reynolds was born on June 4, 1970, and moved often as he grew up. He has lived in Texas, Colorado, Florida, Okinawa and New Jersey. He currently resides in Chicago, Illinois with his wife and two children. Reynolds has a degree in Theatre from Illinois Wesleyan University.
<Emine_Erdoğan>	Emine Erdoğan (née Gülbaran; Turkish pronunciation: [emine ˈæɾdoan] née  [ɟylbaɾan]; born 16 February 1955) is the current first lady of Turkey, and the wife of Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.Emine Erdoğan, of Arab origin, was born as Cemal and Hayriye Gülbaran’s fifth child and only daughter in Üsküdar, Istanbul. Her family is originally from the southeastern province of Siirt.
<The_Battle_for_Sanskrit>	The Battle for Sanskrit: Is Sanskrit Political or Sacred, Oppressive or Liberating, Dead or Alive? is a 2016 book written by Rajiv Malhotra which criticizes the academic discipline of Indology, as practiced by Western scholars and particularly Sheldon Pollock.Malhotra criticizes the hegemony of "Western" approaches in studying India esp. Sanskrit texts and frames a rebuttal from within the traditions of Tarka sastra. Lamenting the increasing hold of Western thoughtschools even among Indian indologists, historians, and journalists, he urges for the mainstreaming of "traditional indigenous" approaches. In a review, Bibek Debroy commended Malhotra for exhorting the need of alternative paradigms in Indology notwithstanding the polemics against Pollock.The book found support in the Hindu Right; it was cited in a petition urging for the removal of Sheldon Pollock from the editorship of the Murty Classical Library of India.
<Howard_Phillips_(politician)>	Howard Jay Phillips (February 3, 1941 – April 20, 2013) was an American politician and activist. A political conservative, Phillips was a United States presidential candidate who served as the chairman of The Conservative Caucus, a conservative public policy advocacy group which he founded in 1974. Phillips was a founding member of the U.S. Taxpayers Party, which later became known as the Constitution Party.Phillips was born into a Jewish family in Boston in 1941, Phillips converted to evangelical Christianity as an adult in the 1970s and was subsequently associated with Christian Reconstructionism.A 1962 graduate of Harvard College in Cambridge, Massachusetts, he was twice elected chairman of the Student Council, and was lauded by “The Cross and the Flag,” a Ku Klux Klan magazine, for his “patriotic” ideological bent. Phillips publicly and immediately disavowed the Klan. Phillips was also president of Policy Analysis, Inc., a public policy research organization which publishes the bimonthly Issues and Strategy Bulletin.
<Marilyn_Chris>	Marilyn Chris (born May 19, 1938) is an American actress, possibly best known as Wanda Webb Wolek on the ABC soap opera, One Life to Live.Born in Brooklyn, New York, Chris attended the High School of Performing Arts and City College of New York.She began her acting career in the 1950s at The Living Theatre.
<Richard_N._Goodwin>	Richard Naradof Goodwin (December 7, 1931 – May 20, 2018) was an American writer and presidential advisor. He was an aide and speechwriter to Presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon B. Johnson, and to Senator Robert F. Kennedy. He was married to historian Doris Kearns Goodwin for 42 years until his death in 2018 after a short bout with cancer. He was 86.Goodwin was born on December 7, 1931, in Boston, Massachusetts, the son of Belle (née Fisher) and Joseph C. Goodwin, an engineer and insurance salesman. Goodwin was raised Jewish. Goodwin graduated from Brookline High School, and in 1953 graduated summa cum laude from Tufts University.He enlisted in the U.S. Army in 1954, and served as a private in post-World War II France. After returning to the United States, he studied at Harvard Law School, graduating  in 1958 summa cum laude. He was first in his class and president of the Harvard Law Review.
<Kim_Novak>	Marilyn Pauline "Kim" Novak (born February 13, 1933) is an American retired film and television actress and painter.Novak began her career in 1954 after signing with Columbia Pictures and quickly became one of Hollywood's top box office stars, appearing in such hit films as Picnic (1955), The Man with the Golden Arm (1955) and Pal Joey (1957). She is widely known for her performances as Madeleine Elster and Judy Barton in Alfred Hitchcock's thriller Vertigo (1958) with James Stewart. The film had mixed reviews from critics upon release, but is now recognized as one of the greatest films ever made. Other notable films include Bell, Book and Candle (1958), Strangers When We Meet (1960) and Of Human Bondage (1964).
<Bryan_Webber>	Bryan Ronald Webber, FRS, FInstP (born 25 July 1943) is a British physicist and academic. He was a Fellow of Emmanuel College, Cambridge from 1973 to 2010, and Professor of Theoretical Physics at the University of Cambridge from 1999 to 2010. He has been awarded the Dirac Medal by the Institute of Physics, the Sakurai Prize by the American Physical Society and the High Energy and Particle Physics Prize by the European Physical Society.Webber was born on 25 July 1943 to Frederick Ronald Webber and Iris Evelyn Webber (née Hutchings). He was educated at Colston's School, an independent school in Bristol. He studied at The Queen's College, Oxford and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree in 1964. He then moved to California, United States, to undertake postgraduate research within the research group of Luis Walter Alvarez at the University of California, Berkeley. He completed his Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) degree in experimental particle physics in 1969 with a thesis titled A test of the [Delta]S=[Delta]Q rule in leptonic decays of neutral K mesons.
<David_Baltimore>	David Baltimore (born March 7, 1938) is an American biologist, university administrator, and 1975 Nobel laureate in Physiology or Medicine. He is President Emeritus and Distinguished Professor of Biology at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech), where he served as president from 1997 to 2006. He also served as the director of the Joint Center for Translational Medicine, which joined Caltech and UCLA in a program to translate basic scientific discoveries into clinical realities. He also formerly served as president of Rockefeller University from 1990 to 1991, founder and director of the Whitehead Institute of Biomedical Research from 1982 to 1990, and was president of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 2007.Baltimore has profoundly influenced international science, including key contributions to immunology, virology, cancer research, biotechnology, and recombinant DNA research, through his accomplishments as a researcher, administrator, educator, and public advocate for science and engineering. He has trained many doctoral students and postdoctoral fellows, several of whom have gone on to notable and distinguished research careers. In addition to the Nobel Prize, he has received a number of awards, including the U.S. National Medal of Science in 1999 and the Lasker Award in 2021. Baltimore sits on the Board of Sponsors for the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists and as a senior scientific advisor to the Science Philanthropy Alliance.
<Ayala_Land>	Ayala Land, Inc. (ALI) is a real estate firm based in the Philippines. It is a subsidiary of Ayala Corporation. It began as a division of Ayala Corporation until it was spun off and incorporated in 1988. It became publicly listed in the Philippine Stock Exchange (PSE: ALI) in July 1991.  Its core businesses are in strategic landbank management, residential development, retail shopping centers, corporate businesses, and hotels & resorts. Support businesses are in construction and property management. ALI also derives other income from its investment activities and sale of non-core assets. Last April 2015, ALI bought a minority stake in Malaysian property developer MCT Bhd. in a P1.9-billion ($43-million) deal.Ayala Land posts strong Q1 2017 profit, up 18% at 5.56B
<Hannover_96>	Hannoverscher Sportverein von 1896, commonly referred to as Hannover 96 (IPA: [haˈnoːfɐ ˌzɛksʔʊntˈnɔʏntsɪç]), Hannover, HSV or simply 96, is a German professional football club based in the city of Hanover, Lower Saxony. They played in the Bundesliga for a total of 30 years between 1964 and 2019 and currently play in the 2. Bundesliga, the second tier in the German football league system, having been relegated from the Bundesliga, Germany's first tier, after finishing 17th in the 2018–19 season.Hannover 96 was founded in 1896. Hannover have won two German championships and one DFB-Pokal. Hannover's stadium is the HDI-Arena. Hannover 96 has a long-standing rivalry with Eintracht Braunschweig.
<Giovanni_Muzio>	Giovanni Muzio (12 February 1893 – 21 May 1982) was an Italian architect.  Muzio was born and died in Milan. He was closely associated with the Novecento Italiano artists group.The son of Virginio Muzio, an accomplished architect, Muzio studied in Milan, and after participation in the war and a trip to Europe, in 1920 he opened in Milan (Via St. Ursula) a study with Giuseppe De Finetti, Gio Ponti, Emilio Lancia and Mino Fiocchi and actively participated in the cultural life of Milan.After service in World War I Muzio began his practice in 1920 and is responsible for the  best-known work of the Novecento movement, the 1922 residential block called the Ca' Brutta ("Ugly House") on the Via Moscova in Milan.  The style is a stripped-down neo-classicism, five stories on a rounded corner patterned with real and blind arches, and bands of color for each story.
<William_Joscelyn_Arkell>	William Joscelyn Arkell FGS, FRS (9 June 1904 – 18 April 1958) was a British geologist and palaeontologist, regarded as the leading authority on the Jurassic Period during the middle part of the 20th century.Arkell was born in Highworth, Wiltshire, the youngest of a family of seven. His father, James Arkell was a partner in the prosperous family business Arkell's Brewery (which is still family owned today). His mother, Laura Jane Arkell was an artist of noted ability.
<Government_of_Belarus>	The Government of the Republic of Belarus (Belarusian: Урад Рэспублікі Беларусь), which consists of the Council of Ministers of the Republic of Belarus (Belarusian: Савет Міністраў Рэспублікі Беларусь), is the executive branch of state power in Belarus, and is appointed by the President of Belarus. The head of the Government is the President of Belarus, who manages the main agenda of the government and direct the ministers. The National Assembly of Belarus is the continuation of the Supreme Soviet of the BSSR and acts as the functioning parliament for Belarus. CIS Member State
<Max_Reinhardt>	Max Reinhardt (German: [maks ˈʁaɪnhaʁt]; born Maximilian Goldmann; 9 September 1873 – 30 October 1943) was an Austrian-born theatre and film director, intendant, and theatrical producer. With his innovative stage productions, he is regarded as one of the most prominent directors of German-language theatre in the early 20th century. In 1920, he established the Salzburg Festival with the performance of Hugo von Hofmannsthal's Jedermann.Reinhardt was born Maximilian Goldmann in the spa town of Baden near Vienna, the son of Wilhelm Goldmann (1846–1911), a Jewish merchant from Stupava, Austro-Hungarian Monarchy]], and his wife Rachel Lea Rosi "Rosa" Goldmann (née Wengraf; 1851–1924). Having finished school, he began an apprenticeship at a bank, but already took acting lessons. In 1890, he gave his debut on a private stage in Vienna with the stage name Max Reinhardt (possibly after the protagonist Reinhard Werner in Theodor Storm's novella Immensee). In 1893 he performed at the re-opened Salzburg City Theatre. One year later, Reinhardt relocated to Germany, joining the Deutsches Theater ensemble under director Otto Brahm in Berlin.
<Poltergeist_(1982_film)>	Poltergeist is a 1982 American supernatural horror film directed by Tobe Hooper and written by Steven Spielberg, Michael Grais and Mark Victor from a story by Spielberg. It stars JoBeth Williams, Craig T. Nelson and Beatrice Straight, and was produced by Spielberg and Frank Marshall. The film focuses on a suburban family whose home is invaded by malevolent ghosts that abduct their youngest daughter.As Spielberg was contractually unable to direct another film while he made E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Hooper was selected based on his work on The Texas Chain Saw Massacre and The Funhouse. Spielberg conceived Poltergeist as a horror sequel to his 1977 film Close Encounters of the Third Kind titled Night Skies; however, Hooper was less interested in the sci-fi elements and suggested they collaborate on a ghost story. Accounts differ as to the level of Spielberg's involvement, but it is clear that he was frequently on set during filming and exerted significant creative control. For that reason, some have expressed the view that Spielberg should be considered the film's co-director or even main director, though both Spielberg and Hooper have disputed this.
<Washington_University_in_St._Louis>	Washington University in St. Louis (WashU or WUSTL) is a private research university with its main campus in St. Louis County, and Clayton, Missouri. Founded in 1853, the university is named after George Washington. Washington University is ranked among the top universities in the United States.The university's 169-acre Danforth Campus is at the center of Washington University and is the academic home to the majority of the university’s undergraduate, graduate, and professional students. The Danforth Campus features predominantly Collegiate Gothic architecture in its academic buildings and is bordered by Forest Park and the cities of St. Louis, Clayton and University City. The university also has a West Campus in Clayton, North Campus in the West End neighborhood of St. Louis, and Medical Campus in the Central West End neighborhood of St. Louis. The Washington University Medical Campus spreads over 17 city blocks and 164 acres. The center is home to the Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis and its affiliated hospitals, clinics, patient care centers and research facilities.It has students and faculty from all 50 U.S. states and more than 120 countries. Washington University is composed of seven graduate and undergraduate schools that encompass a broad range of academic fields. To prevent confusion over its location, the university's board of trustees added the phrase "in St. Louis" in 1976.
<Polyvore>	Polyvore was a community-powered social commerce website headquartered in Mountain View, California. The company's virtual mood board function allowed community members to add products into a shared product index, and use them to create image collages called "Sets". They could browse other users' sets for inspiration, share sets with friends and interact with people through comments and likes. Due to the visual nature of the tool Polyvore was mostly used to build sets in the fields of home decoration, beauty and fashion. Online retailers, too, could upload their product images to Polyvore and link back to their product pages or use Polyvore to encourage users to showcase their products through such activities as board creation competitions.Polyvore opened an office in New York City in August 2012. At that point the company said it had amassed 17 million active users. By the end of 2012 the company said its site was receiving 20 million unique visitors per month, a number which continued to be used in 2016. The site was bought by SSENSE and, on April 5, 2018 it was shut down.Polyvore was initially funded in three rounds by six investors, including initial investors Benchmark Capital and Harrison Metal, and Matrix Partners and DAG Ventures as lead investors in later rounds. It was acquired by Yahoo on July 31, 2015.
<Antonio_Banderas>	José Antonio Domínguez Bandera (born 10 August 1960), known professionally as Antonio Banderas, is a Spanish actor and singer. Known for his work in films of several genres, he has received various accolades, including a Cannes Film Festival Award and a European Film Award, in addition to nominations for an Academy Award, a Tony Award, two Primetime Emmy Awards, and five Golden Globe Awards.Banderas began his acting career with a series of films by director Pedro Almodóvar in the 1980s; he then appeared in several Hollywood films, such as Philadelphia (1993), Interview with the Vampire (1994), Desperado (1995), Assassins (1995), Evita (1996), and The Mask of Zorro (1998). He also appeared in the first three films of the Spy Kids series (2001-2003) and provided the voice of Puss in Boots in the Shrek franchise (2004-present) and its spin-off films Puss in Boots (2011) and Puss in Boots: The Last Wish (2022).
<Geraldine_Page>	Geraldine Sue Page (November 22, 1924 – June 13, 1987) was an American actress. With a career which spanned four decades across film, stage, and television, Page was the recipient of numerous accolades, including an Academy Award, a British Academy Film Award, two Primetime Emmy Awards, two Golden Globe Awards, and four nominations for the Tony Award.A native of Kirksville, Missouri, Page studied at the Art Institute of Chicago and with Uta Hagen and Lee Strasberg in New York City before being cast in her first credited part in the Western film Hondo (1953), which earned her her first Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress. During the McCarthyism era, she was blacklisted in Hollywood based on her association with Hagen and did not work in film for eight years. Page continued to appear on television and on stage and earned her first Tony Award nomination for her performance in  Sweet Bird of Youth (1959–60), a role she reprised in the 1962 film adaptation, the latter of which earned her a Golden Globe Award.
<Stanford_University>	Stanford University, officially Leland Stanford Junior University, is a private research university in Stanford, California. The campus occupies 8,180 acres (3,310 hectares), among the largest in the United States, and enrolls over 17,000 students. Stanford is considered among the most prestigious universities in the world.Stanford was founded in 1885 by Leland and Jane Stanford in memory of their only child, Leland Stanford Jr., who had died of typhoid fever at age 15 the previous year. Leland Stanford was a U.S. senator and former governor of California who made his fortune as a railroad tycoon. The school admitted its first students on October 1, 1891, as a coeducational and non-denominational institution. Stanford University struggled financially after the death of Leland Stanford in 1893 and again after much of the campus was damaged by the 1906 San Francisco earthquake. Following World War II, provost of Stanford Frederick Terman inspired and supported faculty and graduates' entrepreneurialism to build a self-sufficient local industry what would later be known as the Silicon Valley.
<Choi_Eun-hee>	Choi Eun-hee (Korean: 최은희; November 20, 1926 – April 16, 2018) was a South Korean actress, who was one of the country's most popular stars of the 1960s and 1970s. In 1978, Choi and her then ex-husband, movie director Shin Sang-ok, were abducted to North Korea, where they were forced to make films until they sought asylum at the U.S. embassy in Vienna in 1986. They returned to South Korea in 1999 after spending a decade in the United States.Choi was born in Gwangju, Gyeonggi Province in 1926. Her first acting role was in the 1947 film, A New Oath. She rose to fame the following year after starring in the 1948 film, The Sun of Night, and soon became known as one of the "troika" of Korean film, alongside actresses Kim Ji-mee and Um Aing-ran.After marrying the director Shin Sang-ok in 1954, the two founded Shin Film. Choi went on to act in over 130 films and was considered one of the biggest stars of South Korean film in the 1960s and 1970s. She starred in many of Shin's iconic films including 1958's A Flower in Hell and 1961's The Houseguest and My Mother.
<S.L._Benfica>	Sport Lisboa e Benfica ComC MHIH OM (Portuguese pronunciation: [sɨˈpɔɾ liʒˈβo.ɐ i βɐ̃jˈfikɐ] (listen)), commonly known as Benfica, is a professional football club based in Lisbon, Portugal, that competes in the Primeira Liga, the top flight of Portuguese football.
<Fiat_Coupé>	The Fiat Coupé, internally designated as the type 175, is a two-door, four-seat coupé manufactured and marketed by Fiat between 1993 and 2000 across a single generation. The Coupé was introduced at the Bologna Motor Show in December 1993 and features an exterior design by Chris Bangle at Centro Stile Fiat and an interior designed by Pininfarina.The Fiat Coupé made media headlines in auto magazines during 1992, after several spy shots were taken revealing the car on test. Fiat had decided to produce a new coupé based upon the old Tipo platform when the Pininfarina factory was suddenly dormant after the Cadillac Allante project failed around 1990. Two designs were put forward, with Fiat's in-house Centro Stile team competing with Pininfarina.The concept as put forward by Centro Stile's Chris Bangle unexpectedly won the Fiat management over. The design previously offered by Pininfarina was eventually accepted by Peugeot, who adopted it as the 406 Coupe in October 1996.
<The_Walt_Disney_Company>	The Walt Disney Company, commonly known as Disney (/ˈdɪzni/), is an American multinational mass media and entertainment conglomerate headquartered at the Walt Disney Studios complex in Burbank, California. Disney was originally founded on October 16, 1923, by brothers Walt and Roy O. Disney as the Disney Brothers Studio; it also operated under the names the Walt Disney Studio and Walt Disney Productions before changing its name to the Walt Disney Company in 1986. Early on, the company established itself as a leader in the animation industry, with the creation of the widely popular character Mickey Mouse, who is the company's mascot, and the start of animated films.After becoming a major success by the early 1940s, the company started to diversify into live-action films, television, and theme parks in the 1950s. Following Walt's death in 1966, the company's profits began to decline, especially in the animation division. Once Disney's shareholders voted in Michael Eisner as the head of the company in 1984, the studio began to see an overwhelming amount of success during a period called the Disney Renaissance. In 2005, under new CEO Bob Iger, the company started to expand and acquire other corporations. Bob Chapek became the head of Disney in 2020 after Iger's retirement. Iger would be reinstated as CEO after Chapek was ousted in 2022.
<Oliver_Smithies>	Oliver Smithies (23 June 1925 – 10 January 2017) was a British-American geneticist and physical biochemist. He is known for introducing starch as a medium for gel electrophoresis in 1955, and for the discovery, simultaneously with Mario Capecchi and Martin Evans, of the technique of homologous recombination of transgenic DNA with genomic DNA, a much more reliable method of altering animal genomes than previously used, and the technique behind gene targeting and knockout mice. He received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2007 for his genetics work.Smithies was born in Halifax, West Yorkshire, England, to William Smithies and his wife Doris, née Sykes. His father sold life insurance policies and his mother taught English at Halifax Technical College. He had a twin brother and a younger sister. He attended a primary school in the nearby village of Copley and then went to Heath Grammar School in Halifax. He said that his love of science came from an early fascination with radios and telescopes.
<Oscar_Elton_Sette>	Oscar Elton Sette (March 29, 1900 - July 25, 1972), who preferred to be called Elton Sette, was an influential 20th-century American fisheries scientist. During a five-decade career with the United States Bureau of Fisheries, United States Fish and Wildlife Service and its Bureau of Commercial Fisheries, and the National Marine Fisheries Service, Sette pioneered the integration of fisheries science with the sciences of oceanography and meteorology to develop a complete understanding of the physical and biological characteristics of the ocean environment and the effects of those characteristics on fisheries and fluctuations in the abundance of fish. He is recognized both in the United States and internationally for many significant contributions he made to marine fisheries research and for his leadership in the maturation of fisheries science to encompass fisheries oceanography, defined as the "appraisal or exploitation of any kind of [marine] organism useful to Man"  and "the study of oceanic processes affecting the abundance and availability of commercial fishes." Many fisheries scientists consider him to be the "father of modern fisheries science."Oscar Elton Sette was born in Clyman, Wisconsin, on 29 July 1900, the fourth child and second son of Martin and Louise Sette. After a few years the family moved to Juneau, Wisconsin, and in 1910 to a lemon ranch in Chula Vista, California. As a child, Sette developed an early interest in nature and living things and became an avid butterfly collector, which became a lifelong hobby.Sette attended National City High School in National City, California. After graduation in 1917, he began studies at San Diego Junior College in San Diego, California,  planning to transfer to the University of California in Berkeley in the fall of 1918 to study entomology. By chance, however, he met his high school chemistry teacher, Elmer Higgins, on a San Diego street in 1918. Higgins was working as a scientific assistant at the California State Fisheries Laboratory in San Pedro, and he invited Sette to accompany him on an exploratory trawling trip in a fishing boat. Sette immediately was fascinated with the variety of sea creatures caught in the fishing trawler's nets and decided to pursue a career as a fisheries scientist. The California State Fisheries Laboratory soon hired him to check canneries for albacore landings, beginning his career in fisheries science at the age of 18.
<FC_Jūrmala>	FC Jūrmala is a Latvian football club that is based in Jūrmala. They play in the Latvian First League. Club plays its home matches at the Slokas Stadium in Jūrmala with capacity of 5,000 people. Until 2015 FC Jūrmala was one of two teams representing the city in the top tier and using this stadium. After the 2014 Latvian Higher League season the club got relegated. The last manager of the team was Andrei Kanchelskis and the position is currently vacant.The club was founded in 2008 as a participant of the second tier of Latvian football. Having spent the first three seasons there, years 2008, 2009 and 2010 respectively, the club managed to achieve its best result in 2010. Following the 13th position in 2008 and the 4th position in 2009, the following year Jūrmala finished the championship in the second position. They were automatically promoted to the top tier of Latvian football. The following season in the Latvian Higher League was unexpectedly successful, as they took up the 5th position in the league table. In 2012 and 2013 Jūrmala found itself in the middle of the table, taking the 6th position. In 2014 the club finished the league in the 10th position, followed by economic problems and sanctions from the Latvian Football Federation due to long-term debts and unpaid wages. They got relegated to the Latvian First League. Interhaus
<Shōrinjiryū_Kenkōkan_Karate>	Shōrinjiryū Kenkōkan Karate (少林寺流拳行館唐手) is a style of karate founded by Kōri Hisataka (Seiki Kudaka in Okinawan) (1907–1988) shortly after World War II in Japan.It consists of the primary arts of Shōrinjiryū Kenkōkan Okinawan karate and Okinawan Kobudo, as taught to the founder by masters including Chotoku Kyan and Sanda Kanagusuku, as well as Judo, which Kori Hisataka studied at the Kodokan, obtaining the rank of 4th Dan after only 1 years training. Other component arts include Aikijutsu and Chinese Bajiquan, which the founder studied on his extensive tours of Japan, China and Asia.The style is responsible for a number of innovations to karate training including:
<Dino_Bravo>	Adolfo Bresciano (Italian: [aˈdolfo breʃˈʃaːno]; August 6, 1948 – March 10, 1993) was an Italian-Canadian professional wrestler and promoter, better known by the ring name Dino Bravo (Italian: [ˈdiːno braːvo]).After training under Gino Brito, he started his career in Montreal in the 1970s, working for Lutte Internationale. He became one of the top professional wrestling stars of Canada; winning several major titles including the Canadian International Heavyweight Championship six times, the NWA Canadian Heavyweight Championship (Toronto version), and the NWA Mid-Atlantic Tag Team Championship. He later signed with the World Wide Wrestling Federation, where as a partner to Dominic DeNucci he won the WWWF World Tag Team Championship. He was also the sole holder of the WWF Canadian Championship before the title was abandoned in 1986.
<Sonia_Holm>	Sonia Holm (24 February 1922 – 2 July 1974) was an English film actress. She trained at the Rank Organisation's "charm school".
<Seventh_Generation_Inc.>	Seventh Generation, Inc. is an American company that sells eco-friendly cleaning, paper, and personal care products. Established in 1988, the Burlington, Vermont–based company distributes products to natural food stores, supermarkets, mass merchants, and online retailers. In 2016 Anglo-Dutch consumer goods company Unilever acquired Seventh Generation for an estimated $700 million.Seventh Generation focuses its marketing and product development on sustainability and the conservation of natural resources. The company uses recycled and post-consumer materials in its packaging, as well as biodegradable, plant-based phosphate- and chlorine-free ingredients in its products.
<Poland>	Coordinates: 52°N 20°E﻿ / ﻿52°N 20°E﻿ / 52; 20– in Europe (green & dark grey)– in the European Union (green)  –  [Legend]Poland, officially the Republic of Poland, is a country in Central Europe. It is divided into 16 administrative provinces called voivodeships, covering an area of 312,696 km2 (120,733 sq mi). Poland has a population of over 38 million and is the fifth-most populous member state of the European Union. Warsaw is the nation's capital and largest metropolis. Other major cities include Kraków, Wrocław, Łódź, Poznań, Gdańsk, and Szczecin. 
<Japan_Karate-Do_Ryobu-Kai>	Japan Karate-Do Ryobu-Kai (JKR) is an international karate organization under the leadership of Yasuhiro (Takehiro) Konishi, 10th Dan, son of the organization's founder Yasuhiro Konishi.  It has branches in more than 20 countries under the guidance of Kiyoshi Yamazaki, 8th Dan, International Director and Chief Instructor.The style of karate taught by the JKR is Shindo Jinen Ryu, which was established by Yasuhiro Konishi, who studied under and alongside Gichin Funakoshi, Chojun Miyagi, Kenwa Mabuni, and Choki Motobu. Konishi also trained extensively under the founder of Aikido, Morihei Ueshiba, and JKR's lineage dates back to the 16th century traditions of Takenouchi-ryū Jujitsu.  Japan Karate-Do Ryobu-Kai is the sole governing body for Shindo Jinen Ryu, and it is the only major karate organization that has never experienced an internal schism.Training within Japan Karate-Do Ryobu-Kai stresses traditional Japanese values of discipline, consistent attendance, etiquette, and hard work.  Shindo Jinen Ryu incorporates elements of karate, aikido, jujitsu, and kendo in its curriculum, and also emphasizes both philosophy and education.
<Norfolk_Southern_Railway>	The Norfolk Southern Railway (reporting mark NS) is a Class I freight railroad in the United States formed in 1982 with the merger of Norfolk and Western Railway and Southern Railway. With headquarters in Atlanta, the company operates 19,420 route miles (31,250 km) in 22 eastern states, the District of Columbia, and has rights in Canada over the Albany to Montréal route of the Canadian Pacific Railway. NS is responsible for maintaining 28,400 miles (45,700 km), with the remainder being operated under trackage rights from other parties responsible for maintenance. Intermodal containers and trailers are the most common commodity type carried by NS, which have grown as coal business has declined throughout the 21st century; coal was formerly the largest source of traffic. The railway offers the largest intermodal rail network in eastern North America. NS was also the pioneer of Roadrailer service. Norfolk Southern and its chief competitor, CSX Transportation, have a duopoly on the transcontinental freight rail lines in the Eastern United States. NS has long been a major transporter of domestic and export coal, though this business has declined in the 21st century in favor of intermodal traffic. The railway's major sources of the mineral are located in Pennsylvania's Cambria and Indiana counties, as well as the Monongahela Valley; West Virginia; and the Appalachia regions of Virginia, Kentucky, and Tennessee. Coal transported by NS is then exported to steel mills and power plants around the world. 
<Genoa_C.F.C.>	Genoa Cricket and Football Club, commonly referred to as Genoa (Italian pronunciation: [ˈdʒɛːnoa]), is a professional football club based in Genoa, Liguria, Italy, that competes in Serie B, the second division of the Italian football league system.  Established in 1893, Genoa is Italy's oldest football team, and the oldest Italian football team still active with over 125 years of history. During their long history, Genoa have won the Italian Championship 9 times. Genoa's first title came at the inaugural championship in 1898 and their most recent was in 1923–24. They have also won the Coppa Italia once. Historically, Genoa are the fourth most successful Italian club in terms of championships won. Genoa CFC have played their home games Stadio Luigi Ferraris since 1911. 
<Debby_Applegate>	Debby Applegate is an American historian and biographer. She is the author of Madam: The Biography of Polly Adler, Icon of the Jazz Age and The Most Famous Man in America: The Biography of Henry Ward Beecher, for which she won the 2007 Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography. Born in Eugene, Oregon, Applegate attended Amherst College as an undergraduate, where she began a two-decade fascination with famous alumnus Henry Ward Beecher, a 19th-century abolitionist minister who was later the subject of a widely publicized sex scandal. She made Beecher the subject of her dissertation in American Studies at Yale, where she received a Ph.D. After several more years of research, Applegate published The Most Famous Man in America, which was praised by critics and awarded the Pulitzer Prize. Her second book, Madam: The Biography of Polly Adler, Icon of the Jazz Age, an account of the life and times of the notorious Manhattan brothel-keeper Polly Adler, was published in November 2021 after thirteen years of extensive research.
<Sleuth_(play)>	Sleuth is a 1970 play written by Anthony Shaffer. The Broadway production received the Tony Award for Best Play, and Anthony Quayle and Keith Baxter received the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Performance. The play was adapted for feature films in 1972, 2007 and 2014.The play is set in the Wiltshire manor house of Andrew Wyke, an immensely successful mystery writer. Wyke's home reflects his obsession with the inventions and deceptions of fiction and his fascination with games and game-playing. He lures his wife's lover Milo Tindle to the house and convinces him to stage a robbery of her jewelry, a proposal that sets off a chain of events that leaves the audience trying to decipher where Wyke's imagination ends and reality begins.
<Vigo>	Vigo (/ˈviːɡoʊ/ VEE-goh, Galician: [ˈbiɣʊ], locally [ˈbiħʊ], Spanish: [ˈbiɣo]) is a city and municipality in the province of Pontevedra, within the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. Located in the northwest of the Iberian Peninsula, it sits on the southern shore of an inlet of the Atlantic Ocean, the Ria de Vigo, the southernmost of the Rías Baixas.The municipality, with an area of 109.06 km2 (42.11 sq mi) and a population of 299,321 on June 15, 2022 including rural parishes, is the most populous municipality in Galicia. The area of the municipality includes the Cíes Islands, part of the Atlantic Islands of Galicia National Park.Vigo is one of the region's primary economic agents, owing to the French Stellantis Vigo Plant and to its port. Close to the Portugal–Spain border, Vigo is part of the Galicia–North Portugal Euroregion. The European Fisheries Control Agency is headquartered in Vigo.
<Cork_(city)>	Cork (Irish: Corcaigh [ˈkɔɾˠkɪɟ], from corcach, meaning 'marsh') is the second largest city in Ireland and third largest city by population on the island of Ireland. It is located in the south-west of Ireland, in the province of Munster. Following an extension to the city's boundary in 2019, its population is over 222,000.The city centre is an island positioned between two channels of the River Lee which meet downstream at the eastern end of the city centre, where the quays and docks along the river lead outwards towards Lough Mahon and Cork Harbour, one of the largest natural harbours in the world.
<Susan_Cooper>	Susan Mary Cooper (born 23 May 1935) is an English author of children's books. She is best known for The Dark Is Rising, a contemporary fantasy series set in England and Wales, which incorporates British mythology such as the Arthurian legends and Welsh folk heroes. For that work, in 2012 she won the lifetime Margaret A. Edwards Award from the American Library Association, recognizing her contribution to writing for teens. In the 1970s two of the five novels were named the year's best English-language book with an "authentic Welsh background" by the Welsh Books Council.Cooper was born in 1935 in Burnham, Buckinghamshire, to Ethel May (née Field) and her husband John Richard Cooper. Her father had worked in the reading room of the Natural History Museum until going off to fight in the Second World War, from which he returned with a wounded leg. He then pursued a career in the offices of the Great Western Railway. Her mother was a teacher of ten-year-olds and eventually became deputy head of a large school. Her younger brother Roderick also grew up to become a writer.
<Alan_J._Pakula>	Alan Jay Pakula (/pəˈkuːlə/; April 7, 1928 – November 19, 1998) was an American film director, writer and producer.  He was nominated for three Academy Awards: Best Picture for To Kill a Mockingbird (1962), Best Director for All the President's Men (1976) and Best Adapted Screenplay for Sophie's Choice (1982).Pakula was also notable for directing his "paranoia trilogy": Klute (1971), The Parallax View (1974) and All the President's Men (1976).
<Lia_Boysen>	Lia Marika Boysen (born 6 April 1966) is a Swedish actress. She has been married to Anders Ekborg and they have two daughters. In 2006 she received a Guldbagge Award for her role in the film Sök. She has also narrated audiobooks, among them Bedragen (written by Katerina Janouch) and Asyl and Gömda (written by Liza Marklund).This article about a Swedish actor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Norwich>	Norwich (/ˈnɒrɪdʒ, -ɪtʃ/ (listen)) is a cathedral city and district of Norfolk, England, of which it is the county town. Norwich is by the River Wensum, about 100 miles (160 km) north-east of London, 40 miles (64 km) north of Ipswich and 65 miles (105 km) east of Peterborough. As the seat of the See of Norwich, with one of the country's largest medieval cathedrals, it is the largest settlement and has the largest urban area in East Anglia.The population of the Norwich City Council local authority area was estimated to be 144,000 in 2021, which was an increase from 143,135 in 2019. The wider built-up area had a population of 213,166 in 2019.
<London_Regional_Transport>	London Regional Transport (LRT) was the organisation responsible for most of the public transport network in London, England, between 1984 and 2000. In common with all London transport authorities from 1933 to 2000, the public name and operational brand of the organisation was London Transport from 1989, but until then it traded as LRT. This policy was reversed after the appointment of Sir Wilfred Newton in 1989, who also abolished the recently devised LRT logo and restored the traditional roundel.The LRT was created by the London Regional Transport Act 1984 and was under direct state control, reporting to the Secretary of State for Transport. It took over responsibility from the Greater London Council on 29 June 1984, two years before the GLC was formally abolished. Because the Act only received the Royal assent three days earlier, its assets were temporarily frozen by the banks as they had not received mandates to transfer. The headquarters of the new organisation remained at the former London Transport Executive building at 55 Broadway.
<Gold_Heels>	Gold Heels (foaled 1898 in Pennsylvania) was an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse who, in a two-year period, set one new stakes record and four track records, including a world record.Gold Heels was bred by Alexander Cassatt at his Chesterbrook Farm in Berwyn, Pennsylvania. He was sired by Cassatt's outstanding runner, The Bard, a son of U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee, Longfellow. Gold Heels was out of the very good race mare Heel-and-Toe. A daughter of four-time Leading sire in North America, Glenelg, the durable Heel-and-Toe made 107 career starts winning 21 times.Gold Heels was purchased by William C. Whitney but after racing him a short time at age two, the colt was deemed to have limited potential and in June 1900 was sold for $1,500 to trainer David Sloan, a cousin of future Hall of Fame jockey Tod Sloan. David Sloan raced the colt during the remainder of 1900 in mainly lower class races, finishing the year with five wins from twenty-four starts including the  Chappaqua Handicap at Empire City Race Track. Facing financial problems, David Sloan put Gold Heels up for sale and on the advice of trainer, Matthew Allen, he was purchased for $7,000 by the racing partnership of Fred C. McLewee and Diamond Jim Brady.
<Scott_Schreer>	Scott P. Schreer (born 1953) is an American musician. He is a BMI composer and producer of theme songs for television programs, including Fox NFL (Same as Fox USFL), NHL on Fox, Fox MLB, Fox NASCAR, News 4 New York, Hope and Faith, The Cosby Show, and The O'Reilly Factor.  As a musician and producer, he has garnered six Emmy nominations and has thousands of music titles to his credit.  He is the President and CEO of NJJ Music Inc and Freeplay Music Corp,  as well as the CEO and Founder of Tunesat,  a global music technology company that uses proprietary audio fingerprint technology to track music and audio performances for composers and publishers on TV and the internet.His theme for NFL on FOX has been credited with helping establish the brand identity of the program, as Fox executive George Greenburg explains that for viewers, “It becomes associated with the moment. That's what's doing the trick in your head. We're right there—we're right there when someone makes that incredible catch. And not only is the video there, but our music lives in that moment, too.”Scott has won seven BMI Writer of the Year Awards for his music. Most recently, the February 2015 edition of ESPN The Magazine entitled "The Music Issue" featured Schreer alongside fellow composer John Colby as the “Kings of the sports jingle.”
<Friedrich_Gustav_Carl_Emil_Erlenmeyer>	Friedrich Gustav Carl Emil Erlenmeyer (July 14, 1864 – February 8, 1921) was a German chemist and the discoverer of the Erlenmeyer-Plöchl azlactone and amino acid synthesis. He was the son of Richard August Carl Emil Erlenmeyer.Erlenmeyer was born in Heidelberg, but moved with his family to Munich in 1868.He studied at various universities in Heidelberg, Bonn, Darmstadt and Marburg. He received his Ph.D. in 1888 from the University of Göttingen. 1893 he started working at the University of Strasbourg and from 1907 till his death in 1921 he was working at the kaiserliche biologische Anstallt Dahlem.His son, Hans Erlenmeyer (1900–1967), worked also as chemist.
<Democratic_Labor_Party_(South_Korea)>	The Democratic Labor Party (Korean: 민주노동당; Hanja: 民主勞動黨; RR: Minjunodongdang; MR: Minjunodongtang) was a progressive and nationalist political party in South Korea. It was founded in January 2000, in the effort to create a political wing for the Korean Confederation of Trade Unions and was considered more left-wing and more independent of the two union federations in South Korea. Its party president was Kwon Young-gil, Kang Gi-gap, and Lee Jung-hee. In December 2011, the party merged into the Unified Progressive Party.In the South Korean political history, DLP considered as the ancestor of all of modern day left-leaning political parties such as Justice Party and Progressive Party.The party gained 10 seats in the National Assembly for the first time in the 2004 parliamentary election, making it the first major left-wing party to enter the Assembly.
<Sergio_Chiamparino>	Sergio Chiamparino (born 1 September 1948) is an Italian politician.He was President of Piedmont from 2014 to 2019, and was the mayor of Turin, Italy from 2001 to 2011.A graduate in political sciences at the University of Turin, where he worked as a researcher until 1975, Chiamparino started his political career that same year as head of the Italian Communist Party in the Town Council of Moncalieri, his native city. He joined the Democratic Party of the Left on its formation and was elected to the Chamber of Deputies in 1996, following a surprise defeat in 1994 to the centre-right candidate Alessandro Meluzzi (a former Freemason who laterly become an Orthodox bishop) in the left-leaning district of Mirafiori.
<England_national_under-19_football_team>	England national under-19 football team, also known as England under-19s or England U19(s), represents England in association football at under-19 age level and is controlled by the Football Association, the governing body for football in England. Primarily, it competes to qualify for the annual UEFA European Under-19 Championship.The squad are currently coached by Simon Rusk.
<Erich_Honecker>	Erich Ernst Paul Honecker (German: [ˈeːʁɪç ˈhɔnɛkɐ]; 25 August 1912 – 29 May 1994) was a German communist politician who led the German Democratic Republic (East Germany) from 1971 until shortly before the fall of the Berlin Wall in November 1989. He held the posts of General Secretary of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED) and Chairman of the National Defence Council; in 1976, he replaced Willi Stoph as Chairman of the State Council, the official head of state. As the leader of East Germany, Honecker had close ties to the Soviet Union, which maintained a large army in the country.Honecker's political career began in the 1930s when he became an official of the Communist Party of Germany, a position for which he was imprisoned by the Nazis. Following World War II, he was freed by the Soviet army and relaunched his political activities, founding the SED's youth organisation, the Free German Youth, in 1946 and serving as the group's chairman until 1955. As the Security Secretary of the SED Central Committee, he was the prime organiser of the building of the Berlin Wall in 1961 and, in this function, bore administrative responsibility for the "order to fire" along the Wall and the larger inner German border.
<Bob_Marshall_(wilderness_activist)>	Robert Marshall (January 2, 1901 – November 11, 1939) was an American forester, writer and wilderness activist who is best remembered as the person who spearheaded the 1935 founding of the Wilderness Society in the United States.  Marshall developed a love for the outdoors as a young child. He was an avid hiker and climber who visited the Adirondack Mountains frequently during his youth, ultimately becoming one of the first Adirondack Forty-Sixers. He also traveled to the Brooks Range of the far northern Alaskan wilderness. He wrote numerous articles and books about his travels, including the bestselling 1933 book Arctic Village.A scientist with a PhD in plant physiology, Marshall became independently wealthy after the death of his father in 1929. He had started his outdoor career in 1925 as forester with the U.S. Forest Service. He used his financial independence for expeditions to Alaska and other wilderness areas. Later he held two significant public appointed posts: chief of forestry in the Bureau of Indian Affairs, from 1933 to 1937, and head of recreation management in the Forest Service, from 1937 to 1939, both during the administration of President Franklin D. Roosevelt. During this period, he directed the promulgation of regulations to preserve large areas of roadless land that were under federal management. Many years after his death, some of those areas were permanently protected from development, exploitation, and mechanization with the passage of the Wilderness Act of 1964.
<Ghosts_(play)>	Ghosts (Norwegian: Gengangere) is a play by the Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen. It was written in 1881 and first staged in 1882 in Chicago, Illinois, in a production by a Danish company on tour. Like many of Ibsen's plays, Ghosts is a scathing commentary on 19th-century morality. Because of its subject matter, which includes religion, venereal disease, incest, and euthanasia, it immediately generated strong controversy and negative criticism. Since then the play has fared better, and is considered a “great play” that historically holds a position of “immense importance”.Theater critic Maurice Valency wrote in 1963, "From the standpoint of modern tragedy Ghosts strikes off in a new direction.... Regular tragedy dealt mainly with the unhappy consequences of breaking the moral code. Ghosts, on the contrary, deals with the consequences of not breaking it."Helen Alving is about to dedicate an orphanage she has built in memory of her late husband. Despite his affairs, Mrs. Alving stayed with him to protect her son Oswald from the taint of scandal and for fear of being shunned by the community.
<Julius_Evola>	Giulio Cesare Andrea "Julius" Evola (Italian: [ˈɛːvola]; 19 May 1898 – 11 June 1974) was an Italian philosopher, poet, painter, esotericist, and radical-right ideologue. Evola regarded his values as aristocratic, masculine, traditionalist, heroic, and defiantly reactionary. An eccentric thinker in Fascist Italy, he also had ties to Nazi Germany; in the post-war era, he was known as an ideological mentor of the Italian neo-fascist and militant right.Evola was born in Rome. He served as an artillery officer in the First World War. He became a Dada artist but gave up painting in his twenties. He said he considered suicide until he had a revelation while reading a Buddhist text. In the 1920s he delved into the occult; he wrote on Western esotericism and of Eastern mysticism, developing his doctrine of "magical idealism".His writings blend various ideas of German idealism, Eastern doctrines, traditionalism and the interwar Conservative Revolution, with themes such as Hermeticism, the metaphysics of war and sex, Tantra, Buddhism, Taoism, mountaineering, the Holy Grail, civilisations, and decadence. Evola believed that mankind is living in the Kali Yuga, a Dark Age of unleashed materialistic appetites. To counter this and call in a primordial rebirth, Evola presented his "world of Tradition". According to scholar Franco Ferraresi, Evola’s thought can be considered one of the most consistently "antiegalitarian, antiliberal, antidemocratic, and antipopular systems in the twentieth century". Various writings by Evola are noted for their misogyny, racism, antisemitism, and attacks on Christianity and the Catholic Church.
<Duke_University_School_of_Law>	Duke University School of Law (Duke Law School or Duke Law) is the law school of Duke University, a private research university in Durham, North Carolina. One of Duke's 10 schools and colleges, the School of Law is a constituent academic unit that began in 1868 as the Trinity College School of Law.  In 1924, following the renaming of Trinity College to Duke University, the school was renamed Duke University School of Law.Duke Law is consistently ranked as one of the top law schools in the United States, and admits about 14.5 percent of applicants. The law school is one of the "T14" law schools that have consistently ranked within the top 14 law schools since U.S. News & World Report began publishing rankings.
<The_First_Church_of_Christ,_Scientist>	The First Church of Christ, Scientist is the administrative headquarters and mother church of the Church of Christ, Scientist, also known as the Christian Science church. Christian Science was founded in the 19th century in Lynn, Massachusetts, by Mary Baker Eddy with the publication of her book Science and Health (1875).The First Church of Christ, Scientist, is located in the 13.5-acre Christian Science Plaza in Boston, Massachusetts. The center is owned by the church and contains the Original Mother Church (1894); Mother Church Extension (1906); Christian Science Publishing House (1934), which houses the Mary Baker Eddy Library; Reflection Hall (1971); Administration Building (1972); and Colonnade Building (1972). There is also a reflecting pool and fountain.
<Agostinho_(footballer)>	Joaquim Agostinho da Silva Ribeiro (born 15 September 1975 in Paços de Ferreira), known as Agostinho, is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a winger.He spent most of his professional career in Spain, playing 182 matches (with 18 goals) in the two major levels. In his country, without really settling anywhere, he represented five clubs, totalling only 63 appearances in the Primeira Liga.After impressing as a youngster at Vitória Sport Clube in Guimarães, Agostinho moved abroad aged 20, but his first experience would be a very unhappy one, only appearing twice for Real Madrid Castilla and Sevilla FC combined. He would spend the following three seasons in the Spanish second division, consecutively with UD Salamanca, UD Las Palmas and Málaga CF; with the latter, in 1998–99, he teamed up with compatriot Edgar (also newly signed and also arrived from Real Madrid) to propel the Andalusians to La Liga, contributing with 38 matches and three goals.
<Traycho_Traykov>	Traycho Dimitrov Traykov (Bulgarian: Трайчо Димитров Трайков) is a Bulgarian politician. He was a Bulgarian Minister of Economy and Energy from 2009 to 2012. In February 2012 he launched an examination of dams in the south of the country after malfunction complaints. In March 2012 it was reported that he had been dismissed from his position allegedly for delaying work on energy projects; Bulgarian-language daily Bulgaria Dnes alleges that it was due to Belene Nuclear Power Plant specifically, a project which was terminated that month. Traykov himself "attributed the dismissal to his firm position in negotiations with Russia and his demands that Russia should cut the construction cost of the Belene plant, reduce gas prices by as much as 15 percent in a new supply contract and increase returns from the South Stream pipeline above 8 percent." He was succeeded by his former deputy, Delyan Dobrev.Traicho Traykov was Minister of Economy in the first Boyko Borisov government. He was part of the Reformist Bloc, together with Deputy Prime Minister Simeon Djankov, Minister for Infrastructure Rosen Plevneliev and the Minister of Environment Nona Karadzhova.On 1 September 2016, the Reformist Bloc announced that Traycho Traykov would run in the 2016 Bulgarian presidential election. His running mate was General Sabi Sabev. During the whole election campaign, Traykov was targeted by media owned by Delyan Peevski who is currently nominated for sanctions under the US Magnitsky Act. Social activists were worried that the main purpose of the black PR campaign was to neutralize Traykov who appealed to progressive voters. Traykov eventually came in sixth in the presidential race with 5.87% of the votes. He received strong support from Bulgarians living in Germany.
<GNK_Dinamo_Zagreb>	Građanski nogometni klub Dinamo Zagreb (English: Dinamo Zagreb Citizens' Football Club), commonly referred to as GNK Dinamo Zagreb or simply Dinamo Zagreb (pronounced [dǐnamo zâːɡreb]), is a Croatian professional football club based in Zagreb. Dinamo play their home matches at Stadion Maksimir. They are the most successful club in Croatian football, having won twenty-three Prva HNL titles, sixteen Croatian Cups, six Croatian Super Cups, and one Inter-Cities Fairs Cup. The club has spent its entire existence in top flight, having been members of the Yugoslav First League from 1946 to 1991, and then the Prva HNL since its foundation in 1993.At the end of the World War II, the new communist government of Yugoslavia considered Croatian clubs like HŠK Građanski as fascist and nationalist, because they had operated under the former Independent State of Croatia, which was an Axis member during the war. As such, they were formally disbanded and, in 1945, FD Dinamo was founded as a club to act as an unofficial successor to HŠK Građanski, getting around the ruling party's disapproval. They entered the Yugoslav First League in its inaugural 1946–47 season, finishing as runners-up. In their second season in Yugoslav top flight in 1947–48 they finished as Yugoslav champions, which was their first major trophy. The club won three more league titles and seven Yugoslav Cups. Amid the breakup of Yugoslavia and formation of the Croatian football league system, Dinamo left the Yugoslav league in 1991. Dinamo are, to date, the only Croatian club to win a European trophy, having won the 1966–67 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup by defeating Leeds United in the final. They also finished runners-up in the same competition in 1963 when they lost to Valencia.
<Philip_Abelson>	Philip Hauge Abelson (April 27, 1913 – August 1, 2004) was an American physicist, scientific editor and science writer. Trained as a nuclear physicist, he co-discovered the element neptunium, worked on isotope separation in the Manhattan Project, and wrote the first study of nuclear marine propulsion for submarines. He later worked on a broad range of scientific topics and related public policy, including organic geochemistry, paleobiology and energy policy.Abelson served as editor-in-chief of the journal Science from 1962–84, president of the Carnegie Institution of Washington from 1971–78, and president of the American Geophysical Union from 1972-74. His frequent editorials in Science, both during and after his term as editor, became known for their strident and thought-provoking views. A collection of 100 of his editorials was published as a book, entitled Enough of Pessimism. He may have been the original source of the phrase 'extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence'.Abelson was born on April 27, 1913, in Tacoma, Washington. He attended Washington State University, where he received degrees in chemistry and physics, and the University of California, Berkeley (UC Berkeley), where he earned his PhD in nuclear physics. As a young physicist, he worked for Ernest Lawrence at the UC Berkeley. He was among the first American scientists to verify nuclear fission in an article submitted to the Physical Review in February 1939. From 1939 until 1941, he worked as an assistant physicist at the Carnegie Institution in Washington, D.C. It was while he was here that he worked on a substance that emitted beta rays and was produced by irradiation of uranium with neutrons. After he collaborated with the Nobel Prize laureate Luis Alvarez they isolated the material, and became the co-discoverer of neptunium on 8 June 1940 with Edwin McMillan. McMillan was awarded the Nobel Prize for this discovery among other elements.
<Pam_Dawber>	Pamela Dawber (born October 18, 1951) is an American actress best known for her lead television sitcom roles as Mindy McConnell in Mork & Mindy (1978–1982) and Samantha Russell in My Sister Sam (1986–1988).Dawber was born in Detroit, the older of two daughters of Thelma M. (née Fisher) and Eugene E. Dawber, a commercial artist. She went to Reid Elementary School in Goodrich and attended North Farmington High School and Oakland Community College (OCC), with the intention of transferring to a four-year college. She deferred her studies at OCC to do some modeling work and eventually dropped out after deciding to go into modeling full-time.
<Lorin_C._Woolley>	Lorin Calvin Woolley (October 23, 1856 – September 19, 1934) was an American proponent of plural marriage and one of the founders of the Mormon fundamentalist movement. As a young man in Utah Territory, Woolley served as a courier and bodyguard for polygamous leaders of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in hiding during the federal crusade against polygamy. His career as a religious leader in his own right commenced in the early twentieth century, when he began claiming to have been set apart to keep plural marriage alive by church president John Taylor in connection with the 1886 Revelation. Woolley's distinctive teachings on authority, morality, and doctrine are thought to provide the theological foundation for nearly ninety percent of Mormon fundamentalist groups.Woolley was the third child of Mormon pioneer John W. Woolley and his first wife, Julia Searles Ensign. His paternal grandfather was Bishop Edwin D. Woolley, a close friend of Brigham Young. According to LDS Church records, Woolley was baptized a member of the church by his father on October 18, 1868, aged eleven, and ordained an elder by John Lyon on March 10, 1873. Nicknamed "Noisy," the boisterous young Woolley frequently dominated Elders Quorum discussions. Late in life, he would claim to have received his endowment and been ordained an deacon by Young on March 20, 1870, aged thirteen.On January 5, 1883, Woolley married Sarah Ann Roberts in the Endowment House on Temple Square. They had nine children together between 1883 and 1905: seven sons and two daughters.
<Jenny_Mollen>	Jenny Ann Biggs (née Mollen) is an American actress and published writer and essayist. She played Nina Ash on the television series Angel (2003–04). She appeared on the series  Viva Laughlin (2007), Crash (2008), and Girls (2014). Mollen has published two collections of essays, and has written articles for various publications, including Cosmopolitan and Parents. She has appeared on the New York Times Best Seller list twice with her books I Like You Just The Way I Am (2014) and Live Fast Die Hot (2016).Mollen was born in Phoenix, Arizona.  Mollen's father is Jewish and her mother is Christian, she was raised culturally Jewish. She has a sister and a half-brother. In the late 1990s, Mollen graduated from Chaparral High School in Scottsdale, Arizona. She studied theater and graduated from UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television. Mollen briefly attended graduate school to study psychology. 
<Kogi_State>	Kogi State is a state in the North Central region of Nigeria, bordered to the west by the states of Ekiti and Kwara, to the north by the Federal Capital Territory, to the northeast by Nasarawa State, to the northwest by Niger State, to the southwest by the Edo and Ondo states, to the southeast by the states of Anambra and Enugu, and to the east by Benue State. It is the only state in Nigeria to border ten other states. Named for the Hausa word for river (kogi). Kogi State was formed from parts of Benue State, Niger State, and Kwara State on 27 August 1991. The state is nicknamed the "Confluence State" due to the fact that the confluence of the River Niger and the River Benue occurs next to its capital, Lokoja.Of the 36 states of Nigeria, Kogi is the thirteenth largest in area and twentieth most populous with an estimated population of about 4.5 million as of 2016. Geographically, the state is within the tropical Guinean forest–savanna mosaic ecoregion. Important geographic features include the key rivers with the Niger flowing from the northwest and the Benue coming from the northeast before the two rivers meet in Kogi's centre and bisect the state southward.
<John_Bedford_Lloyd>	John Bedford Lloyd (born January 2, 1956) is an American character actor.Lloyd was born in New Haven, Connecticut, the son of Ann Storrs Lloyd and Edward B. Lloyd of Southport, Connecticut. His father was an architect.He has a sister, Susan Storrs Lloyd, and a brother, Thomas Bedford Lloyd. Thomas was  married to Susan DeLong Ball.While studying at Williams College in Williamstown, Massachusetts, he was cast in the play One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and decided to become a professional actor.
<Suryavarman_I>	Suryavarman I (Khmer: សូរ្យវរ្ម័នទី១; posthumously Nirvanapada) was king of the Khmer Empire from 1006 to 1050. Suryavarman usurped King Udayadityavarman I, defeating his armies in approximately 1002. After a protracted war with Udayadityavarman's would-be successor, Jayavirahvarman,  Suryavarman I claimed the throne in 1010. Suryavarman was a Mahayana Buddhist who was also tolerant of the growing Theravada Buddhist presence in the Khmer kingdom.Suryavarman I established diplomatic relations with the Chola dynasty of south India (Tamilnadu) around 1012. Suryavarman I sent a chariot as a present to the Chola Emperor Rajaraja Chola I. It seems that the Khmer king Suryavarman I requested aid from the powerful Chola Emperor Rajendra Chola against the Tambralinga kingdom. After learning of Suryavarman's alliance with Rajendra Chola, the Tambralinga kingdom requested aid from the Srivijaya king Sangrama Vijayatungavarman. That eventually led to the Chola Empire coming into conflict with the Srivijiya Empire. The war ended with a victory for the Chola dynasty and the Khmer Empire, major losses for the Sri Vijaya Empire and the Tambralinga kingdom.His reign lasted some 40 years, and he spent much of that time defending it. Known as the "King of the Just Laws," he consolidated his political power by inviting some 4000 local officials to the royal palace and swear an oath of allegiance to him. Suryavarman favored Buddhism but allowed the people to continue practising Hinduism. His palace was situated in the vicinity of Angkor Thom, and he was the first Khmer ruler to protect his palace with a wall.
<Emmanuelle_Seigner>	Emmanuelle Seigner (born 22 June 1966) is a French former fashion model, singer, and actress. She is known for her roles in The Diving Bell and the Butterfly (2007), The Ninth Gate (1999) and Frantic (1988). She has been nominated for a César Award for Best Actress for Venus in Fur (2013), and for two César Awards for Best Supporting Actress in Place Vendôme (1998) and La Vie En Rose (2007). She has been married to Polish film director Roman Polanski since 30 August 1989.Seigner was born in Paris to a photographer father and a journalist mother. She is the granddaughter of the actor Louis Seigner, niece of the actress Françoise Seigner and sister of the actress Mathilde Seigner. She was educated at a Catholic convent school, and began modelling at the age of fourteen.
<Miguel_Cabrera>	José Miguel Cabrera Torres (born April 18, 1983), nicknamed "Miggy", is a Venezuelan professional baseball first baseman and designated hitter for the Detroit Tigers of Major League Baseball (MLB). Since his debut in 2003 he has been a two-time American League (AL) Most Valuable Player (MVP) award winner, a four-time AL batting champion, and a 12-time MLB All-Star. He has played at first and third base for most of his major league career, but primarily played left and right field before 2006. He claimed the 17th MLB Triple Crown in 2012, the first to do so in 45 seasons. In 2022, Cabrera became the third player in history with a career batting average above .300, 500 home runs, and 3,000 hits, joining Hank Aaron and Willie Mays.
<Archibald_Hill>	Archibald Vivian Hill CH OBE FRS (26 September 1886 – 3 June 1977), known as A. V. Hill, was a British physiologist, one of the founders of the diverse disciplines of biophysics and operations research. He shared the 1922 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his elucidation of the production of heat and mechanical work in muscles.Born in Bristol, he was educated at Blundell's School and graduated from Trinity College, Cambridge as third wrangler in the mathematics tripos before turning to physiology. While still an undergraduate at Trinity College, he derived in 1909 what came to be known as the Langmuir equation. This is closely related to Michaelis-Menten kinetics. In this paper, Hill's first publication, he derived both the equilibrium form of the Langmuir equation, and also the exponential approach to equilibrium. The paper, written under the supervision of John Newport Langley, is a landmark in the history of receptor theory, because the context for the derivation was the binding of nicotine and curare to the "receptive substance" at the neuromuscular junction.
<Paul_Samuelson>	HeterodoxPaul Anthony Samuelson (May 15, 1915 – December 13, 2009) was an American economist who was the first American to win the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences. When awarding the prize in 1970, the Swedish Royal Academies stated that he "has done more than any other contemporary economist to raise the level of scientific analysis in economic theory". Economic historian Randall E. Parker has called him the "Father of Modern Economics", and The New York Times considers him to be the "foremost academic economist of the 20th century".
<Alexis_Smith>	Margaret Alexis Fitzsimmons-Smith (June 8, 1921 – June 9, 1993) was a Canadian-born American actress and singer. She appeared in several major Hollywood films in the 1940s and had a notable career on Broadway in the 1970s, winning a Tony Award in 1972 for the Stephen Sondheim-James Goldman musical Follies.Smith was born in Penticton, British Columbia, to Gladys Mabel Fitz-Simmons (a Canadian) and Alexander Smith (a Scot). Her family moved to Los Angeles when she was about a year old. Her parents both became naturalized U.S. citizens in 1939, through which she derived her United States citizenship.
<Mileva_Marić>	Mileva Marić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милева Марић; 19 December 1875 – 4 August 1948), sometimes called Mileva Marić-Einstein (Serbian Cyrillic: Милева Марић-Ајнштајн, romanized: Mileva Marić-Ajnštajn), was a Serbian physicist and mathematician and the first wife of Albert Einstein from 1903 to 1919. She was the only woman among Einstein's fellow students at Zürich Polytechnic and was the second woman to finish a full program of study at the Department of Mathematics and Physics. Marić and Einstein were collaborators and lovers and had a daughter Lieserl in 1902, whose fate is unknown. They later had two sons, Hans Albert and Eduard.They separated in 1914, with Marić taking the boys and returning to Zürich from Berlin. They divorced in 1919; that year Einstein married again. When he received the Nobel Prize in 1921, he transferred the money to Marić, chiefly to support their sons; she had access to the interest. In 1930, their second son Eduard had a breakdown at about age 20 and was diagnosed with schizophrenia. With expenses mounting by the late 1930s for his institutional care, Marić sold two of the three houses she and Einstein had purchased. He made regular contributions to his sons' care, which he continued after emigrating to the United States with his second wife (Elsa, his first cousin).
<Augsburg_Hauptbahnhof>	Augsburg Hauptbahnhof is the main railway station in the Bavarian city of Augsburg, situated in southern Germany. It is classified by Deutsche Bahn as a category 2 station and has 12 platform tracks.The station has one of the oldest still existing station halls in Germany, which was built from 1843 to 1846 after plans by architect Eduard Rüber. It was reconstructed in 1869 according to Friedrich Bürklein's plans. The station today serves as the central railway hub for the Augsburg metropolitan area and Bavarian Swabia. It is currently being modernised and an underground tram station is being built under it.The first Augsburg station was opened in 1840 by the Munich-Augsburg Railway Company (München-Augsburger Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft) near the Rotes Tor (Red Gate). Its historic hall served in 1880 as a military riding school and since 1920 it has been part of the main workshop of the traffic branch of Stadtwerke Augsburg (Augsburg's municipal utility). After the nationalisation of the line in 1846, the current station was built. Augsburg Hauptbahnhof is a through station with four central platforms (which each have two faces and are not accessible for the disabled), nine through tracks and six bay platform tracks (only three of which are in use). Platform 1 is located next to the station building and has one side.
<Skidmore,_Owings_&_Merrill>	Skidmore, Owings & Merrill (SOM) is an American architectural, urban planning and engineering firm. It was founded in 1936 by Louis Skidmore and Nathaniel Owings in Chicago, Illinois. In 1939, they were joined by engineer John Merrill. The firm opened its second office, in New York City, in 1937 and has since expanded internationally, with offices in San Francisco, Los Angeles, Washington, D.C., London, Melbourne, Hong Kong, Shanghai, Seattle, and Dubai.With a portfolio spanning thousands of projects across 50 countries, SOM is one of the most significant architectural firms in the world. The firm's notable current work includes the new headquarters for The Walt Disney Company, the global headquarters for Citigroup, Moynihan Train Hall and the expanded Penn Station complex, and the restoration and renovation of the Waldorf Astoria in New York City; airport projects at O’Hare International Airport, Kansas City International Airport, and Kempegowda International Airport; urban master plans for the Charenton-Bercy district in Paris, New Covent Garden in London, Treasure Island in San Francisco, the East Riverfront in Detroit; P.S. 62, the first net-zero-energy school in New York City; and the design of the Moon Village, a concept for the first permanent lunar settlement, developed with the European Space Agency and Massachusetts Institute of Technology.  Notable for its role as a pioneer of modernist architecture in America and for its groundbreaking work in skyscraper design and construction, SOM has designed some of the world's most significant architectural and urban projects including several of the tallest buildings in the world: John Hancock Center (1969, second tallest in the world when built), Willis Tower (1973, tallest in the world for over twenty years), One World Trade Center (2014, currently the sixth tallest in the world), and Burj Khalifa (2010, currently the world's tallest building).
<Docker_Daimlers>	The Docker Daimlers were cars built for display at the British International Motor Show at Earls Court Exhibition Centre from 1951 to 1955. The cars were built on Daimler chassis by Hooper, a Daimler subsidiary, on the order of Sir Bernard Docker, chairman of Daimler and managing director of parent company Birmingham Small Arms Company (BSA), and his second wife, Lady Docker, who had been made a director of Hooper by Sir Bernard.In 1948, the year before Sir Bernard Docker's second marriage, he had a car built by Hooper on a DE36 chassis for the 1948 British Motor Show. At a cost of £7,001, it was the most expensive car at the show.
<Cars_(video_game)>	Cars (also known as Cars: The Video Game) is an open world racing video game, based on the 2006 Pixar film of the same name. Developed by Rainbow Studios, it was released for the GameCube, PlayStation 2, Xbox, Microsoft Windows, Game Boy Advance, Nintendo DS, and PSP in June 2006, with versions for the Xbox 360 and Wii released later that year. The Wii version includes functionality geared towards its Wii Remote controller, and was a launch game for the system.Taking place after the events of the film, the player controls the protagonist Lightning McQueen as he participates in the new racing season with the end goal of winning the Piston Cup for the first time in his career, while also racing and training with the local community of Radiator Springs. In the PSP version, the player again controls Lightning McQueen. After meeting and narrowly avoiding a collision with the Delinquent Road Hazards gang, he challenges them to a race to which they agree. The console versions feature the full voice-over cast from the film, including the likes of Owen Wilson, Michael Keaton, Paul Newman, and Larry the Cable Guy. However in the PSP and DS versions, Lightning McQueen is instead voiced by Keith Ferguson.The home console and PC versions received positive reviews from critics, though the GBA version met negative reception, This may be due to it being at a strange angle and being hard to know where to go or what to do. This game was followed by two sequels; Cars Mater-National Championship (2007) and Cars Race-O-Rama (2009).
<FC_Amkar_Perm>	FC Amkar Perm (Russian: Футбо́льный клуб "Амка́р" Пермь [fʊdˈbolʲnɨj ˈkɫup ɐmˈkar pʲermʲ]) is a professional football club. Originally founded in 1994, it is based in the city of Perm. It was a participant in second-tier football from 1995 and in the Russian Premier League from 2004 to 2018, after which it was dissolved. Amkar's home stadium was the Zvezda Stadium.In August 2020, it was re-established by the Government of the Perm Krai as an amateur club, and became professional the following year.
<ABC_World_News_Tonight>	ABC World News Tonight (titled ABC World News Tonight with David Muir for its weeknight broadcasts since September 2014) is the flagship daily evening television news program of ABC News, the news division of the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) television network in the United States. It is currently the most watched network newscast in the United States, with an average of 2 million more than its nearest rival, NBC Nightly News. Since 2014, the program's weekday broadcasts have been anchored by David Muir. As of February 6–7, 2021, Whit Johnson and Linsey Davis anchor the weekend editions of the newscast, with Johnson anchoring on Saturdays and Davis anchoring on Sundays.The program has been anchored at various times by a number of other presenters since its debut in 1948. It also has used various titles, including ABC Evening News from 1970 to 1978, World News Tonight from 1978 to 2006, World News from 2006 to 2009, and ABC World News from 2009 to 2014. Since 2014, the program has been called ABC World News Tonight.
<Roald_Hoffmann>	Roald Hoffmann (born Roald Safran; July 18, 1937) is a Polish-American theoretical chemist who won the 1981 Nobel Prize in Chemistry. He has also published plays and poetry. He is the Frank H. T. Rhodes Professor of Humane Letters, Emeritus, at Cornell University, in Ithaca, New York.Hoffmann was born in Złoczów, Second Polish Republic (now Zolochiv, Ukraine), to a Polish-Jewish family, and was named in honor of the Norwegian explorer Roald Amundsen. His parents were Clara (Rosen), a teacher, and Hillel Safran, a civil engineer. After Germany invaded Poland and occupied the town, his family was placed in a labor camp where his father, who was familiar with much of the local infrastructure, was a valued prisoner. As the situation grew more dangerous, with prisoners being transferred to extermination camps, the family bribed guards to allow an escape. They arranged with a Ukrainian neighbor named Mykola Dyuk for Hoffmann, his mother, two uncles and an aunt to hide in the attic and a storeroom of the local schoolhouse, where they remained for eighteen months, from January 1943 to June 1944, while Hoffmann was aged 5 to 7.
<Arthur_Kornberg>	Arthur Kornberg (March 3, 1918 – October 26, 2007) was an American biochemist who won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 1959 for the discovery of "the mechanisms in the biological synthesis of ribonucleic acid and deoxyribonucleic acid" together with Spanish biochemist and physician Severo Ochoa of New York University. He was also awarded the Paul-Lewis Award in Enzyme Chemistry from the American Chemical Society in 1951, an L.H.D. degree from Yeshiva University in 1962, and the National Medal of Science in 1979. In 1991, Kornberg received the Golden Plate Award of the American Academy of Achievement and the Gairdner Foundation Award in 1995.His primary research interests were in biochemistry, especially enzyme chemistry, deoxyribonucleic acid synthesis (DNA replication) and studying the nucleic acids which control heredity in animals, plants, bacteria and viruses.
<Real_Valladolid>	Real Valladolid Club de Fútbol, S.A.D., or simply Real Valladolid (pronounced [reˈal βaʎaðoˈlið]) or Valladolid, is a professional football club based in Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain that competes in La Liga, the top tier of the Spanish league system.The club colours are violet and white, used on the kit in stripes from its foundation on 20 June 1928. The team plays its home games at the Estadio José Zorrilla, which seats 27,846 spectators. Valladolid's honours include a single trophy of great relevance, the defunct Copa de la Liga 1983–84. It has been runner-up in the Copa del Rey on two occasions (1949–50 and 1988–89), and has participated in two editions of the UEFA Cup (1984–85 and 1997–98) and also one edition of the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup (1989–90). The team subsidiary, the Real Valladolid Promesas, currently play in the Primera División RFEF.Since its La Liga debut in the 1948–49 season (in which it became the first club from the region to play in La Liga – five others have since done so), Valladolid is the most successful football club in Castile and León by honours and history, with a total of 45 seasons in the First Division, 36 in the Second and 10 in the Third. Historically, Valladolid is the 13th-best team in Spain by overall league points. Two of its players have won the Pichichi Trophy: Manuel Badenes and Jorge da Silva; and ten were internationals with the Spain national football team. In the 21st century, the club's domestic performance follows a yo-yo club pattern, with multiple promotions to (and relegations from) the first division.
<Die_Sexualität_im_Kulturkampf>	Die Sexualität im Kulturkampf ("sexuality in the culture war"), 1936 (published later in English as The Sexual Revolution), is a work by Wilhelm Reich. The subtitle is "zur sozialistischen Umstrukturierung des Menschen" ("for the socialist restructuring of humans"), the double title reflecting the two-part structure of the work.The first part "analyzes the crisis of the bourgeois sexual morality" and the failure of the attempts of "sexual reform" that preserved the frame of capitalist society (marriage and family). The second part reconstructs the history of the sexual revolution that took place with the establishment of the Soviet Union since 1922, and which was opposed by Joseph Stalin in the late 1920s.Starting with the 1945 English edition, the following German, French and Italian editions had an unexplained change in the title: The Sexual Revolution. Such title changed "not only the perspective, but also the methodology", resulting in a misleading presentation of the actual work contained in the book. More instructive is the change of the subtitle: from for the socialist restructuring of humans to toward a self-governing character structure.
<El_prisionero_trece>	Prisoner 13 (Spanish: El prisionero trece) is a 1933 Mexican film. It was directed by Fernando de Fuentes.The film is a part of the trilogy of films made by Fernando Fuentes concerning the Mexican Revolution. The film centers on the drunkard Colonel Carrasco, whose wife Marta leaves him taking his young son. The child, Juan, grows into an admirable and well-mannered young man. Having been promoted to a higher rank of power amidst the Mexican Revolution, the indulgent and corrupt Colonel accepts a bribe to free a revolutionary, Felipe Martinez, from his prison. Martinez has been sentenced to execution at the hands of a firing squad. Carrasco asks to have the revolutionary replaced by absolutely anyone. In a twist of fate, that anyone turns out to be his own long lost son Juan. Upon receiving this news, Marta races to the prison and explains the predicament to Carrasco. He subsequently desperately attempts to prevent the gunning down of his son by his very own government officials.
<C._Gordon_Fullerton>	Charles Gordon Fullerton (October 11, 1936 – August 21, 2013) was a United States Air Force colonel, a USAF and NASA astronaut, and a research pilot at NASA's Dryden Flight Research Facility, Edwards, California. His assignments included a variety of flight research and support activities piloting NASA's B-52 launch aircraft, the Boeing 747 Shuttle Carrier Aircraft (SCA), and other multi-engine and high performance aircraft. Fullerton logged more than 380 hours in space flight, and was a NASA astronaut from September 1969 until November 1986 when he joined the research pilot office at Dryden. In July 1988, he completed a 30-year career with the U.S. Air Force and retired as a colonel. He continued in his position of NASA research pilot as a civilian. Fullerton, his wife, and their two children lived in Lancaster, California.Born October 11, 1936, in Rochester, New York, Fullerton graduated from Ulysses S. Grant High School, Portland, Oregon, in 1953. He received Bachelor of Science and Master of Science degrees in mechanical engineering from the California Institute of Technology, Pasadena, California, in 1957 and 1958, respectively.
<Andrea_Carnevale>	Andrea Carnevale Cavaliere OMRI (Italian pronunciation: [anˈdrɛːa karneˈvaːle]; born 12 January 1961) is an Italian former footballer, who played as a forward.After playing for various Italian teams, Carnevale enjoyed notable success with Napoli from 1986 to 1990, playing alongside Diego Maradona and Careca, and winning two Scudetti, one Coppa Italia, and an UEFA Cup.
<Hebrew_University_of_Jerusalem>	The Hebrew University of Jerusalem (HUJI; Hebrew: הַאוּנִיבֶרְסִיטָה הַעִבְרִית בִּירוּשָׁלַיִם) is a public research university based in Jerusalem, Israel. Co-founded by Albert Einstein and Dr. Chaim Weizmann in July 1918, the public university officially opened in April 1925. It is the second-oldest Israeli university, having been founded 30 years before the establishment of the State of Israel. The HUJI has three campuses in Jerusalem and one in Rehovot. The world's largest library for Jewish studies—the National Library of Israel—is located on its Edmond J. Safra campus in the Givat Ram neighbourhood of Jerusalem.The university has five affiliated teaching hospitals (including the Hadassah Medical Center), seven faculties, more than 100 research centers, and 315 academic departments. As of 2018[update], one-third of all the doctoral candidates in Israel were studying at the HUJI.Among its first few board of governors were Albert Einstein, Sigmund Freud, Martin Buber, and Chaim Weizmann. Four of Israel's prime ministers are alumni of the university. As of 2018[update], 15 Nobel Prize winners (8 alumni and teachers), two Fields Medalists (one alumnus), and three Turing Award winners have been affiliated with the HUJI.
<Meyenburg_Prize>	The Meyenburg Prize is awarded for outstanding achievements in cancer research by the Meyenburg Foundation in support of the German Cancer Research Center, Heidelberg (DKFZ), which is the largest biomedical research institution in Germany.  The prize has been awarded annually since 1981, and currently has an honorarium of €50,000.Source: Meyenburg Award Winners
<Roanoke,_Virginia>	Roanoke (/ˈroʊ.əˌnoʊk/ ROH-ə-nohk) is an independent city in the U.S. state of Virginia. At the 2020 census, the population was 100,011, making it the 8th most populous city in the Commonwealth of Virginia and the largest city in Virginia west of Richmond. It is located in the Roanoke Valley of the Roanoke Region of Virginia.Roanoke is the largest municipality in Southwest Virginia, and is the principal municipality of the Roanoke Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA), which had a 2020 population of 315,251. It is composed of the independent cities of Roanoke and Salem, and Botetourt, Craig, Franklin, and Roanoke counties. Bisected by the Roanoke River, Roanoke is the commercial and cultural hub of much of Southwest Virginia and portions of Southern West Virginia.
<Wong_Sing-chi>	Nelson Wong Sing-chi (born 11 October 1957) is a Hong Kong politician and social worker. He had been member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong between 2000–04 and 2008–12. He was the founding member of the Democratic Party before he was expelled in 2015 for his support in the government's constitutional reform proposals. He was also briefly a founding member of the Third Side, a centrist political party.He is also former member of the North District Council and Regional Council.
<Carl_Lumbly>	Carl Winston Lumbly (born August 14, 1951) is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Dick Hallorann in Doctor Sleep, NYPD detective Marcus Petrie on the CBS police drama Cagney & Lacey, CIA agent Marcus Dixon on the ABC espionage drama series Alias, and as the voice of J'onn J'onnz / Martian Manhunter in the animated series Justice League and Justice League Unlimited, as well as the direct-to-DVD animated film Justice League: Doom and the video game Injustice: Gods Among Us. Lumbly is also known for his roles on The CW's Arrowverse as J'onn J'onnz's father, M'yrnn, on Supergirl from 2017 until 2019, and on the Marvel Cinematic Universe's The Falcon and the Winter Soldier as Isaiah Bradley in 2021.Lumbly was born to Jamaican immigrants in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He graduated from South High School there and Macalester College in nearby St. Paul.Lumbly's first career was as a journalist in Minnesota. While on assignment for a story about a workshop theatre, he was cast as an actor. He stayed with the improvisational company for two years and later moved to San Francisco where he discovered a newspaper ad seeking “two black actors for South African political plays.” He went to the audition and landed one of the parts (along with then-unknown Danny Glover). Lumbly toured with Glover in productions of Athol Fugard's Sizwe Bansi is Dead and The Island.
<Sporting_News_College_Football_Coach_of_the_Year>	The Sporting News College Football Coach of the Year Award is an award that is given annually to NCAA college football's national coach of the year.  The Sporting News (now known as Sporting News) established the award beginning in 1963.In the long history of this award, only four coaches have won it twice: Darrell Royal with Texas in 1963 and 1969, Lou Holtz in 1977 with Arkansas and 1988 with Notre Dame, Dennis Erickson in 1992 with Miami and 2000 with Oregon State, and Gary Patterson in 2009 and 2014 with TCU. The only tie for the award came in 2013, with Auburn's Gus Malzahn and Duke's David Cutcliffe sharing honors.
<George_Fairbairn_(politician)>	Sir George Fairbairn (23 March 1855 – 23 October 1943) was a pastoralist and Australian politician.Fairbairn was born in Geelong, Victoria and educated at Geelong Grammar School and Jesus College, Cambridge. He rowed for Jesus College Boat Club in 1875 and 1876, the first two years of an 11-year stretch up to 1885 when it won the Cambridge head of the river races. His younger brother Steve went on to become an influential rowing coach at the club. Fairbairn returned to Australia in 1876 and in the following years managed Peak Downs and Barcaldine stations in Queensland. He married Jessie Kate Prell in November 1880 and they had a son and a daughter. In 1890, he took over the family farm at Lara, Victoria and subsequently acquired other farms in Victoria and New South Wales and developed numerous business interests.  He was president of the Employers' Federation of Australia for six years.
<Scoot_McNairy>	John Marcus "Scoot" McNairy (born November 11, 1977) is an American actor and film producer. He is known for his roles in Monsters, Argo, Killing Them Softly, 12 Years a Slave, Gone Girl, and Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice. In television, he starred in the AMC period drama Halt and Catch Fire, True Detective, Narcos: Mexico, and the Netflix western miniseries Godless.McNairy was born on November 11, 1977, in Dallas, Texas, to Alicia Ann McNairy (née Merchant) and Stewart Hall McNairy. In addition to a house in Dallas, the family had a ranch in rural Paris, Texas, where they spent time on weekends and holidays. Growing up, he did theater in after-school programs. His father began calling him Scooter when he was about two years old. "A lot of people are like, oh, it must be some amazing story. But it's because I used to scoot around on my butt," says McNairy.
<Andrew_Gray_(physicist)>	Andrew Gray FRS FRSE (2 July 1847 – 10 October 1925) was a Scottish physicist and mathematician.Born in Lochgelly, Fife, the son of John Gray, he was educated at Lochgelly School and then studied at the University of Glasgow (MA 1876), where he was appointed the Eglinton Fellow in Mathematics in 1876. Perhaps more significantly, however, in 1875 he became the assistant and private secretary of Professor William Thomson (later Lord Kelvin). He held this post – an official University one after 1880 – until 1884, when he was appointed Professor of Physics at the newly founded University College of North Wales.
<The_Journey_(2014_Malaysian_film)>	The Journey (一路有你 or Yī lù yǒu nǐ) is a 2014 Malaysian Chinese-language comedy-drama film directed by Chiu Keng Guan and written by Ryon Lee. The film stars Ben Andrew Pfeiffer, Lee Sai Peng and Joanne Yew Hong Im. The story follows a father that finally allows his daughter to wed an English lad with a condition that he shall follow him on a journey around the nation to deliver their wedding invitation. The Journey was also invited to be screened at the 16th Far East Film Festival in Udine, Italy.The Journey won four awards from six nominations on 27th Malaysian Film Festival (including Best non-Malay language film). As of December 2019, The Journey is currently ranked the tenth-highest grossing Malaysian film of all-time.
<Hilary_Devey>	Hilary Lorraine Devey CBE (née  Brewster; 10 March 1957 – 11 June 2022) was an English businesswoman and television personality best known for her role on the BBC Two programme Dragons' Den until she left to present the Channel 4 series The Intern.Devey was born Hilary Lorraine Brewster on 10 March 1957, in Bolton, Lancashire. As a seven-year-old child, she witnessed the results of the bankruptcy of her father, who had owned a central heating company, when bailiffs removed furniture and household goods from the family home. Her father then earned a living managing pubs and hotels. She left school at the age of sixteen, and served for a short while in the Women's Royal Air Force, in air traffic control and the supply accounts department; she was stationed at RAF Brize Norton. Devey later moved to London.
<Felix_Morrow>	Felix Morrow (June 3, 1906 – May 28, 1988) was an American communist political activist and newspaper editor. In later years, Morrow left the world of politics to become a book publisher. He is best remembered as a factional leader of the American Trotskyist movement.Felix Morrow was born Felix Mayrowitz to an Orthodox Jewish family in 1906 in New York City. His parents, emigrants from Eastern Europe, ran a small grocery store in the city. Morrow later recalled his upbringing in a letter to historian Alan Wald:I came from a Hassidic family, but my father at the age of 15 had fled in disillusionment from the house of the Chortkow Rebbe where his father was a gabbai (rabbai's assistant). But my mother remained religious and I had a traditional Jewish education.
<Finnish_Orthodox_Church>	The Orthodox Church of Finland (Finnish: Suomen ortodoksinen kirkko, lit. 'Finnish Orthodox Church'; Swedish: Ortodoxa kyrkan i Finland, lit. 'Orthodox Church in Finland'; Russian: Финляндская Православная церковь, lit. 'Finland's Orthodox Church') is an autonomous Eastern Orthodox archdiocese of the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople. The church has a legal position as a national church in the country, along with the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland.With its roots in the medieval Novgorodian missionary work in Karelia, the Orthodox Church of Finland was a part of the Russian Orthodox Church until 1923. Today the church has three dioceses and 54,895 members in Finland, accounting for almost one percent of the native population of Finland. The parish of Helsinki has the most adherents. There are also 2,700 members living abroad.
<Harold_Eugene_Edgerton>	Harold Eugene "Doc" Edgerton (April 6, 1903 – January 4, 1990), also known as Papa Flash, was an American scientist and researcher, a professor of electrical engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He is largely credited with transforming the stroboscope from an obscure laboratory instrument into a common device.  He also was deeply involved with the development of sonar and deep-sea photography, and his equipment was used by Jacques Cousteau in searches for shipwrecks and even the Loch Ness Monster.Edgerton was born in Fremont, Nebraska, on April 6, 1903, the son of Mary Nettie Coe and Frank Eugene Edgerton, a descendant of Samuel Edgerton, the son of Richard Edgerton, one of the founders of Norwich, Connecticut and Alice Ripley, a great-granddaughter of Governor William Bradford (1590–1657) of the Plymouth Colony and a passenger on the Mayflower. His father was a lawyer, journalist, author and orator and served as the assistant attorney general of Nebraska from 1911 to 1915. Edgerton grew up in Aurora, Nebraska.  He also spent some of his childhood years in Washington, D.C., and Lincoln, Nebraska.
<Norris_Bradbury>	Norris Edwin Bradbury (May 30, 1909 – August 20, 1997), was an American physicist who served as director of the Los Alamos National Laboratory for 25 years from 1945 to 1970. He succeeded Robert Oppenheimer, who personally chose Bradbury for the position of director after working closely with him on the Manhattan Project during World War II. Bradbury was in charge of the final assembly of "the Gadget", detonated in July 1945 for the Trinity test.Bradbury took charge at Los Alamos at a difficult time. Staff were leaving in droves, living conditions were poor and there was a possibility that the laboratory would close. He managed to persuade enough staff to stay, and got the University of California to renew the contract to manage the laboratory. He pushed continued development of nuclear weapons, transforming them from laboratory devices to production models. Numerous improvements made them safer, more reliable and easier to store and handle, and made more efficient use of scarce fissionable materiel.
<Dean_Devlin>	Dean Devlin (born August 27, 1962) is an American screenwriter, producer, director, and actor of film and television. He is best known for his collaborations with director Roland Emmerich, and for his work on the Librarian and Leverage television franchises. He is a co-founder of the production companies Centropolis Entertainment and Electric Entertainment.Devlin was born in New York City, the son of actress Pilar Seurat and Don Devlin, a writer, actor, and producer. His father was Jewish and his mother was Filipino. He attended the University of Southern California.
<Marc_Birkigt>	Marc Birkigt (8 March 1878, Geneva – 15 March 1953, Versoix) was a Swiss engineer, automotive and aviation pioneer, and co-founder of Hispano-Suiza in 1904.He lived in Barcelona, Spain when he was hired by Emilio de la Cuadra in 1898 to work as an automobile engineer in Cuadra's firm La Cuadra. After several bankruptcies and changes in ownership, the firm was reborn in 1904 as the luxury automobile company Hispano-Suiza with Birkigt as chief engineer. Later he co-founded the Dewoitine company along with Émile Dewoitine. Birkigt was nominated for the Car Engineer of the Century prize for the luxurious Hispano-Suiza H6 car in the 1920s. He also won fame for the aircraft engines and guns he designed as chief engineer at Hispano-Suiza, the former including the liquid-cooled V8 engine that powered the famous French SPAD VII and SPAD XIII World War I fighters, and the British Sopwith Dolphin and S.E. 5a, whilst in the field of ordnance he created the Hispano-Suiza HS.404 20mm autocannon, which was of great importance in WW II as the main fighter gun of the RAF from 1941 onwards.Marc was born on March 8, 1878 in Geneva, Switzerland. Son of a tailor in rue Rousseau, his mother died when he was 2 and his father when he was 12. He was raised by his grandmother.
<Martin_Sherman>	Martin Gerald Sherman (born December 22, 1938) is an American dramatist and screenwriter best known for his 20 stage plays which have been produced in over 60 countries. He rose to fame in 1979 with the production of his play Bent, which explores the persecution of homosexuals during the Holocaust. Bent was a Tony nominee for Best Play in 1980 and won the Dramatists Guild's Hull-Warriner Award. It was adapted by Sherman for a major motion picture in 1997 and later by independent sources as a ballet in Brazil. Sherman is an openly gay Jew, and many of his works dramatize "outsiders," dealing with the discrimination and marginalization of minorities whether "gay, female, foreign, disabled, different in religion, class or color." He has lived and worked in London since 1980.Sherman was an only child, born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to Russian Jewish immigrants, Julia (née Shapiro) and Joseph T. Sherman, an attorney. Growing up in Camden, New Jersey, he was first introduced to the theater at age six, when he saw a pre-Broadway version of Guys and Dolls (1950). Sherman's parents encouraged his passion. In an interview with London Times writer Sheridan Morley in 1983, Sherman recalled, "At 12 I joined the Mae Desmond Children's Players and went all around Pennsylvania being a tall dwarf in Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs." As a young teen, Sherman despised school, but consoled himself by often taking the bus into Philadelphia to see plays. "I was the only kid in junior high school to have seen Camino Real," he told interviewer Matt Wolf.In 1956 Sherman enrolled at Boston University College of Fine Arts, where he earned a BFA in dramatic arts. Upon graduating in 1960, he moved to New York City, where he studied at the Actors Studio under the legendary director Harold Clurman. Sherman credits this experience with shaping his technique as a playwright, explaining "all my plays are written for actors". After spending several years in New York, Sherman was appointed playwright in residence at Mills College in Oakland, California, where his rock musical, A Solitary Thing, premiered in 1963.
<Denmark_national_under-19_football_team>	The Denmark national under-19 football team is a team under the Danish Football Association, selected among all Danish football players under the age of 19, to represent Denmark in international U / 19 football tournaments organized by FIFA and UEFA. The team was founded in 1950 as an under-18 team. In 2001, it was changed to an under-19 team.The following players have also been called up to the squad within the last twelve months and remain eligible for selection.
<University_of_California>	Coordinates: 37°48′08″N 122°16′17″W﻿ / ﻿37.802168°N 122.271281°W﻿ / 37.802168; -122.271281The University of California (UC) is a public land-grant research university system in the U.S. state of California. The system is composed of the campuses at Berkeley, Davis, Irvine, Los Angeles, Merced, Riverside, San Diego, San Francisco, Santa Barbara, and Santa Cruz, along with numerous research centers and academic abroad centers. The system is the state's land-grant university. Major publications generally rank most UC campuses as being among the best universities in the world. Six of the campuses, Berkeley, Davis, Irvine, Los Angeles, Santa Barbara, and San Diego are considered Public Ivies, making California the state with the most universities in the nation to hold the title. UC campuses have large numbers of distinguished faculty in almost every academic discipline, with UC faculty and researchers having won 71 Nobel Prizes as of 2021.The University of California currently has 10 campuses, a combined student body of 285,862 students, 24,400 faculty members, 143,200 staff members and over 2.0 million living alumni. Its newest campus in Merced opened in fall 2005. Nine campuses enroll both undergraduate and graduate students; one campus, UC San Francisco, enrolls only graduate and professional students in the medical and health sciences. In addition, the UC Hastings College of the Law, located in San Francisco, is legally affiliated with UC, but other than sharing its name is entirely autonomous from the rest of the system. Under the California Master Plan for Higher Education, the University of California is a part of the state's three-system public higher education plan, which also includes the California State University system and the California Community Colleges system. UC is governed by a Board of Regents whose autonomy from the rest of the state government is protected by the state constitution. The University of California also manages or co-manages three national laboratories for the U.S. Department of Energy: Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (LBNL), Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL), and Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL).
<Edd_Kalehoff>	Edward Woodley Kalehoff Jr. (born September 1, 1945) is an American television composer who specializes in compositions for television, known for his work on the Moog synthesizer. Kalehoff composed the musical themes to the game shows The Price Is Right and Double Dare, as well as for ABC World News Tonight and Monday Night Football.Kalehoff was born and raised in Jackson, Mississippi.[citation needed] His father, Edward Woodley "Woody" Kalehoff Sr., played piano in the White House for presidents Franklin D. Roosevelt and Harry S. Truman.[citation needed]Kalehoff composed many television themes and musical cues using the Moog synthesizer, alone or in combination with a band of musicians. He composed The Price Is Right main theme, and the theme for the Nickelodeon game show Double Dare. He wrote a music package for ESPN on ABC that updated and expanded the Monday Night Football theme; the 1991 theme song for Labatt Blue Jays/Expos Baseball on TSN in Canada; music for WNBC's famous 1992 promotional campaign "We're 4 New York"; and many news program music and television station image packages used on stations such as WEWS-TV in Cleveland, WJBK in Detroit, and WNYW, WCBS-TV and WNBC in New York City. The NBC Stations package composed in 1995 for WNBC was used by the station until 2003; during that time, the package would also be used by two other NBC affiliates in the state of New York (WNYT in the Albany/Schenectady/Troy market and WSTM-TV in the Syracuse market). Due to its long run as the music package for both WNBC and WNYT, it is widely known in the New York tri-state area. His most recent work is the new theme for the PBS NewsHour as part of a new on-air look launched on July 20, 2015.
<Ei-ichi_Negishi>	Ei-ichi Negishi (根岸 英一, Negishi Eiichi, July 14, 1935 – June 6, 2021) was a Japanese chemist who was best known for his discovery of the Negishi coupling. He spent most of his career at Purdue University in the United States, where he was the Herbert C. Brown Distinguished Professor and the director of the Negishi-Brown Institute. He was awarded the 2010 Nobel Prize in Chemistry "for palladium catalyzed cross couplings in organic synthesis" jointly with Richard F. Heck and Akira Suzuki.Negishi was born in Hsinking (today known as Changchun), the capital of Manchukuo, in July 1935. Following the transfer of his father who worked at the South Manchuria Railway in 1936, he moved to Harbin, and lived eight years there. In 1943, when he was nine, the Negishi family moved to Incheon, and a year later to Kyongsong Prefecture (now Seoul), both in Japanese-occupied Korea. In November 1945, three months after World War II ended, they moved to Japan. Since he excelled as a student, a year ahead of what would have been his graduation from grammar school, he was admitted to an elite secondary school, Shonan High School. At the age of 17, he gained admission to the University of Tokyo. After graduation from the University of Tokyo in 1958, Negishi did his internship at Teijin, where he conducted research on polymer chemistry. Later, he continued his studies in the United States after having won a Fulbright Scholarship and obtained his Ph.D. from the University of Pennsylvania in 1963, under the supervision of professor Allan R. Day.
<Dog_Years_(novel)>	Dog Years (German: Hundejahre) is a novel by Günter Grass. It was first published in Germany in 1963. Its English translation, by Ralph Manheim, was first published in 1965. It is the third and last volume of his Danzig Trilogy, the other two being The Tin Drum and Cat and Mouse. The novel consists of three different chronological parts, from the 1920s to the 1950s. The main characters are Walter Matern and Eduard Amsel.Walter Matern and Eduard Amsel are friends. Eduard is half Jewish and at the young age of five is a genius at making scarecrows. The narrator in Book One, the mine owner Brauxel, tells of the friendship of Walter and Eduard when they are children in the Vistula estuary, which is a German-Polish borderland (the interwar Free City of Danzig) peopled by Mennonites, Catholics and Protestants. Eduard keeps a diary which he fills with drawings of ideas for scarecrows. The history of this country is told with cruel images of horror and violence from that past that echoes into the present, which becomes Hitler's Germany. The story in the second part of the book is narrated by Harry Liebenau, and consists of letters from him addressed to his cousin Tulla. This part of the story occurs during the war period, when Amsel collects vast numbers of S.A. uniforms, and dresses his scarecrows in them. He also persuades his childhood friend Walter to become a member of the S.A., in order to help him obtain the uniforms. But since the confusion in this country has reached its maximum at this point in time, it is inevitable that the two friends end up on a collision course. At one point Walter denounces Amsel as a Jew, hits him in the face and knocks out all of his teeth.
<Wrzesień_żagwiący>	Wrzesień żagwiący (English: Scorching September) is a 1947 book of literary reportage written by the Polish historian and political journalist Melchior Wańkowicz. The book is a collection of analytical thinking stories written by Wańkowicz in the early 1940s, while the author was in exile. Following the invasion of Poland, he left the country in late September 1939 for Romania, later moving to Cyprus, BritishPalestine, Italy, and finally, to London. Wrzesień żagwiący gives a vivid account of the Polish September Campaign; its title refers to the fact that Nazi Germany, together with the Soviet Union invaded the Second Polish Republic jointly in September 1939. The book was first published in 1947, in London, by Gryf Publishing House. It was reprinted in 1990 by Polonia Publishing House, while several stories from the book were printed separately, with the most popular one, Westerplatte, having been printed in 1959, 1960, 1963, 1967, 1968, 1971, 1989, and 1990. In August 2009, Warsaw publishing house Prószyński i Spółka reprinted the book in the third volume of collected works by Wańkowicz. In this volume, Wrzesień żagwiący is published together with other war-related stories, such as Strzępy epopei, Szpital w Cichiniczach, and Po klęsce.The introduction to the 2009 volume was written by Tadeusz Paweł Rutkowski, historian of the University of Warsaw. Rutkowski wrote that Wańkowicz collected stories of the September Campaign "on the spot, planning to publish them in the press (...) After crossing the Romanian border, he faced a general chaos and bitterness of the lost war. For the Polish nation, the speed of German units, their advancement in armour and airforce, and the panic evacuation of Polish authorities, were a complete shock (...) Wrzesień żagwiący was written to present heroism of the Polish soldier, and to show the world that the invasion was not an easy walk for the Germans. Polish troops were eager to fight, but were defeated by numerical and technological superiority of the enemy (...) New stories were added to the book throughout the war. Wrzesień... is full of emotions, not always factually accurate and spiked with statistical errors, yet authentic and direct (...) Wańkowicz presents people who kept on fighting aware of hopelessness of their position. He describes the country which was attacked by two enemies, with soldiers trying to reach southern border, between the Wehrmacht in the west, and the Red Army in the east. The detailed description of fighting sometimes is far from reality, which was the result of Wańkowicz's inability to confront stories told by different people. Therefore, the description of the Battle of Westerplatte, based mainly on the account of Mayor Henryk Sucharski, diverges from historical works (...) It is a paradox that the book, written for immediate publication as an answer to German propaganda, did not accomplish its task. Its author, banned by the government of Władysław Sikorski for his pre-war affiliations, did not receive permission for the publication. As a complete book, it was not published until 1947, reaching a narrow circle of readers. In the People's Republic of Poland, Wrzesień żagwiący was never published in its complete form. Communist censorship accepted the chapters about Westerplatte and Major Dobrzański, but descriptions of Soviet invasion and fighting with the Red Army were not available for Polish readers until 1990".Wrzesień żagwiący was based on the author's 1943 collection of reportages, published in British Palestine in 1943 during the Mediterranean Campaign. It was titled Wrześniowym szlakiem. Wańkowicz wrote it under pen name Jerzy Łużyc. In 1947, after coming to London, Wańkowicz expanded Wrześniowym szlakiem, adding new stories, and changing the name of the publication into Wrzesień żagwiący. As the author claimed, most of his reportages had been written in the final months of 1939, and were based on personal interviews with soldiers of the Polish Army and Polish civil servants, who witnessed or fought in the Invasion of Poland. Due to his work, the defenders of Westerplatte, and Major Henryk Dobrzański became legendary figures in Polish historiography. Nevertheless, Wrzesień żagwiący should not be considered a history books, as in some cases Wańkowicz's interlocutors did not give truthful testimonies. Among others, in August 1946 in Italy, Wańkowicz interviewed Major Henryk Sucharski, who did not mention the fact that in the first days of the Battle of Westerplatte, he suffered a nervous breakdown, and the defence was commanded by Captain Franciszek Dąbrowski.
<Gasometer_Oberhausen>	The Gasometer Oberhausen is a former gas holder in Oberhausen, Germany, which has been converted into an exhibition space. It has hosted several large scale exhibitions, including two by Christo and Jeanne-Claude. The Gasometer is an industrial landmark, and an anchor point of the European Route of Industrial Heritage and the Industrial Heritage Trail. It was built in the 1920s, and reconstructed after World War II.In the 1920s the coal and steel industry in the Ruhrgebiet produced blast furnace gas and coal gas as a by-product of iron production and coking, while the steel industry as well as coking used large amounts of these gasses or alternative fuels. As supply and demand of gas varied independently, sometimes excess gas had to be flared off, while at other times additional fuel had to be purchased. The Gasometer was built as a buffer: storing excess gas and releasing it again when demand exceeded production.The Gasometer was built by Gutehoffnungshütte, by the side of the Rhine-Herne Canal. Construction started 27 February 1927 and cost 1.74 million Reichsmark. A framework of 24 steel girders was built on a concrete base, and a skin of 5mm thick sheet metal was riveted to the framework. Inside, a 1,207,000 kg pressure disc was mounted which could freely move up and down, floating on top of the gas underneath and keeping it at a constant pressure. 15 May 1929 the Gasometer was first put into operation, with a maximum capacity of 347,000m³, a height of 117.5m and diameter of 67.6m.
<In_the_House_(TV_series)>	In the House is an American sitcom starring LL Cool J, Debbie Allen, Maia Campbell, Jeffery Wood, Alfonso Ribeiro and Kim Wayans. The series aired for two seasons on NBC from April 1995 to May 1996 after which it was canceled due to low ratings. UPN quickly picked up In the House where it aired for an additional two seasons. UPN canceled the series in May 1998. The series ran in first-run syndication for a fifth and final season, which ended on August 11, 1999.Marion Hill (LL Cool J) is a former professional football player. Because of his financial predicament, Marion is forced to rent out most of the rooms in his house to newly divorced single mother Jackie Warren (Debbie Allen) and her two children, Tiffany (Maia Campbell) and Austin (Jeffery Wood).After the second season, the series was retooled, becoming more adult-oriented. Jackie and Austin both moved back East while Tiffany stayed with Marion to finish high school. Joining the cast for the third season was former Fresh Prince of Bel-Air star Alfonso Ribeiro as Dr. Maxwell "Max" Stanton and In Living Color cast member Kim Wayans as Tonia Harris. Both Maxwell and Tonia helped Marion manage the Los Angeles sports clinic he owns, then Tonia leaves for the WNBA after Season 4, and Tiffany leaves after only two episodes in Season 5.
<Colchester_United_F.C.>	Colchester United Football Club is a professional association football club based in the city of Colchester, Essex, England. The team competes in EFL League Two, the fourth tier of the English football league system.Founded in 1937, the club spent its early years playing in the Southern Football League until they were elected to the Football League in 1950. Between 1950 and 1990, Colchester spent their time between the Third Division and Fourth Division, during which time they produced one of their most memorable results, a 3–2 victory in the fifth round of the FA Cup over Don Revie's Leeds United in 1971.
<Toy_Story_Mania!_(video_game)>	Toy Story Mania! is a video game published by Disney Interactive Studios and developed by Papaya Studio for the Wii and PC versions and by High Voltage Software for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 versions. It is based on the Toy Story Midway Mania! attraction located at Disney's California Adventure and Disney's Hollywood Studios, which was inspired by the Toy Story movie series produced by Pixar. The game features single-player and multi-player shooting-gallery style gameplay.The game was released on August 14, 2009 for iOS, on September 15 for the Wii console, on April 9, 2010 for PC exclusively in Europe, and on October 30, 2012 for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. It was packaged with a Ray Gun peripheral on its European release. The game has also been released as a Plug n Play device in early 2010.Toy Story Mania! is the first game based on a film by Pixar to be published by Disney Interactive Studios. Past Disney/Pixar movie games have been made in conjunction with Activision first, then THQ.
<Karolyn_Grimes>	Karolyn Grimes (born July 4, 1940) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Zuzu Bailey in the classic 1946 Frank Capra film It's a Wonderful Life. She also played Debby Brougham in the 1947 film The Bishop's Wife.Grimes' film debut came when she was 6 months old. She first attracted attention playing Fred MacMurray's daughter in 1945's Pardon My Past. Her most famous role came as ZuZu in It's a Wonderful Life in 1946. The following year she appeared in six pictures, most notably as the daughter of David Niven and Loretta Young in The Bishop's Wife.
<Richard_Wilbur>	Richard Purdy Wilbur (March 1, 1921 – October 14, 2017) was an American poet and literary translator. One of the foremost poets of his generation, Wilbur's work, composed primarily in traditional forms, was marked by its wit, charm, and gentlemanly elegance. He was appointed the second Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress in 1987 and received the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry twice, in 1957 and 1989.Wilbur was born in New York City on March 1, 1921, and grew up in North Caldwell, New Jersey. In 1938 he graduated from Montclair High School, where he worked on the school newspaper. He graduated from Amherst College in 1942 and served in the United States Army from 1943 to 1945 during World War II. He attended graduate school at Harvard University. Wilbur taught at Wellesley College, then Wesleyan University for two decades and at Smith College for another decade. At Wesleyan he was instrumental in founding the award-winning poetry series of the University Press. He received two Pulitzer Prizes for Poetry and taught at Amherst College as late as 2009. He was on the editorial board of the literary magazine The Common, based at Amherst College.
<Wilmington,_Delaware>	Wilmington (Lenape: Paxahakink / Pakehakink) is the largest city in the U.S. state of Delaware. The city was built on the site of Fort Christina, the first Swedish settlement in North America. It lies at the confluence of the Christina River and Brandywine Creek, near where the Christina flows into the Delaware River. It is the county seat of New Castle County and one of the major cities in the Delaware Valley metropolitan area. Wilmington was named by Proprietor Thomas Penn after his friend Spencer Compton, Earl of Wilmington, who was prime minister during the reign of George II of Great Britain.At the 2020 census, the city's population was 70,898. The Wilmington Metropolitan Division, comprising New Castle County, Delaware, Cecil County, Maryland and Salem County, New Jersey, had an estimated 2016 population of 719,887. Wilmington is part of the Delaware Valley metropolitan statistical area, which also includes Philadelphia, Reading, Camden, and other urban areas, which had a 2020 population of 6,228,601, representing the seventh largest metropolitan region in the nation.
<Song_for_a_Raggy_Boy>	Song for a Raggy Boy is an 2003 Irish historical drama film directed by Aisling Walsh. It is based on the book of the same name by Patrick Galvin and is based on true events.In 1939, on the brink of World War II, the St. Judes Reformatory is a ruthless Irish school for boys. Grey, gloomy and ruled by the sadistic Brother John (Iain Glen), the school prefers punishment to rehabilitation. But new lay teacher William Franklin (Aidan Quinn), fresh from the frontline of the Spanish Civil War, fights to liberate the boys from their oppressors.Patrick Delaney 743 (Chris Newman) arrives at the school aged 13 and a half. He, like all the boys, is allocated a number which the brothers use. Franklin, however, always uses the boys' names. Delaney is an attractive boy and he receives the unwelcome attentions of a pedophile brother, Brother Mac (Marc Warren), who molests and rapes the boy in the school toilets. The boy tells of his ordeal to a visiting priest in confession only to be told not to say a word to anyone. Word of Delaney's confession reaches Brother Mac who punishes the boy by forcing him under a cold shower naked, then giving him his clothes so they are also wet.
<World_Rally_Championship_(video_game_series)>	World Rally Championship is a rally racing video game series. To date, three series of video games with the official license have been released.The first series were published by Sony Computer Entertainment who owned the WRC license in the early 2000s. These titles were all made by British developer Evolution Studios between 2001 and 2005. The series consists of five original games released exclusively for the Sony PlayStation 2 console, and one port for the Sony handheld PSP, all based on the World Rally Championship seasons from 2001 to 2005, using official drivers, cars and locations.[citation needed]
<Clarence_M._Pendleton_Jr.>	Clarence McClane Pendleton Jr. (November 10, 1930 – June 5, 1988), was the politically conservative African American chairman of the United States Commission on Civil Rights,  a position that he held from 1981 until his death during the administration of U.S. President Ronald W. Reagan.A native of Louisville, Kentucky, Pendleton was raised in Washington, D.C., where he graduated from historically black Dunbar High School and then Howard University, where his father, Clarence Pendleton, was the first swimming coach at the institution. After high school, Pendleton, like his grandfather and father before him, enrolled at Howard where he earned a Bachelor of Science degree in 1954. After a three-year tour of duty in the United States Army during the Cold War, Pendleton returned to Howard, where he was on the physical education faculty and pursued his master's degree in professional education. Pendleton succeeded his father as the Howard swimming coach, and the team procured ten championships in eleven years. He also coached rowing, football, and baseball at Howard.From 1968 to 1970, Pendleton was the recreation coordinator under the Model Cities Program in Baltimore, Maryland. In 1970, he was named director of the urban affairs department of the National Recreation and Park Association. In 1972, Mayor Pete Wilson, later a U.S. senator and the governor of California,  recruited Pendleton to head the Model Cities program in San Diego, California.  In 1975, Pendleton was named director of the San Diego branch of the National Urban League.
<George_Lamming>	George William Lamming OCC (8 June 1927 – 4 June 2022) was a Barbadian novelist, essayist, and poet. He first won critical acclaim for In the Castle of My Skin, his 1953 debut novel. He also held academic posts, including as a distinguished visiting professor at Duke University and a visiting professor in the Africana Studies Department of Brown University, and lectured extensively worldwide.George William Lamming was born on 8 June 1927 in Carrington Village, Barbados, of mixed Afro-Barbadian and English parentage. After his mother, Loretta Devonish, married his stepfather, Lamming split his time between this birthplace and his stepfather's home in St David's Village. Lamming attended Roebuck Boys' School and Combermere School on a scholarship. Encouraged by his teacher, Frank Collymore – founder of the pioneering Caribbean literary magazine BIM – Lamming found the world of books and started to write.
<Massillon,_Ohio>	Massillon is a city in Stark County in the U.S. state of Ohio, approximately 8 miles (13 km) west of Canton, 20 miles (32 km) south of Akron, and 50 miles (80 km) south of Cleveland. The population was 32,146 at the 2020 census. Massillon is the second largest incorporated area within the Canton–Massillon metropolitan area, which includes all of Stark and Carroll counties and had a population of 401,574 in 2020.The city's incorporated area primarily resides in the western half of Perry Township, with portions extending north into Jackson Township, west into Tuscarawas Township, and south into Bethlehem Township. The village of Navarre borders the city to the south.The original settlement of Kendal was founded in 1812 by Thomas Rotch, a Quaker originally of New Bedford, Massachusetts, and Hartford, Connecticut. James Duncan of New Hampshire first settled in Kendal before recording the plot for Massillon on December 6, 1826. Duncan, known as the city's founder, named the town after Jean Baptiste Massillon, a French Catholic bishop, at the request of his wife.  The town plat was established along the east bank of the Tuscarawas River, which was the surveyed route for the Ohio and Erie Canal being constructed to connect Lake Erie with the Ohio River. The canal section spanning from Cleveland to Massillon was completed in 1828. Among the leading merchants were the Wellman brothers Hiram and Marshall. Marshall Wellman was the grandfather of the American author Jack London. Massillon quickly became a major port town along the canal route, known as the Port of Massillon, following the canal's completion in the 1832. The first telegraph lines would reach Massillon in 1847, and the Ohio & Pennsylvania Railroad would extend its rails to Massillon in 1852. Massillon incorporated as a village in 1853. In 1868, Massillon incorporated as a city when the populated reached 5,000.
<Manchester_by_the_Sea_(film)>	Manchester by the Sea is a 2016 American drama film written and directed by Kenneth Lonergan that stars Casey Affleck, Michelle Williams, Kyle Chandler, and Lucas Hedges. Centered around the themes of depression, guilt, grief, responsibility, dysfunctional families, and post-traumatic stress disorder, the plot follows a depressed and grief-stricken man who was accidentally responsible for the deaths of his three children and must care for his teenage nephew after the death of his brother.The film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 23, 2016, and was picked up by Amazon Studios for distribution. Manchester by the Sea was filmed during March and April 2015 in the eponymous Massachusetts town and other towns in the state, such as Beverly, Essex, Gloucester, Swampscott, Lynn, Middleton, Tewksbury, and Salem. It began a limited release on November 18, 2016, before a wide release on December 16, 2016. It grossed $79 million worldwide against a budget of $9 million.
<Jeffrey_Dell>	John Edward Flowers "Jeffrey" Dell (7 May 1899 – 24 February 1985) was a British writer, screenwriter, and film director. He is also remembered for his 1939 novel Nobody Ordered Wolves, a satire on the British film industry. His other novels include News for Heaven (1944) and The Hoffmann Episode (1954). He co-wrote the 1937 play Blondie White, later adapted into a Hollywood film. Dell was the son of John Edward Dell (1875–1936) and Gertrude Dell (née Flowers; 1874–1947).
<Exocet>	The Exocet (French pronunciation: ​[ɛɡzɔsɛ]) is a French-built anti-ship missile whose various versions can be launched from surface vessels, submarines, helicopters and fixed-wing aircraft.The missile's name was given by M. Guillot, then the technical director at Nord Aviation. It is the French word for flying fish, from the Latin exocoetus, a transliteration of the Greek name for the fish that sometimes flew into a boat: ἐξώκοιτος (exōkoitos), literally "lying down outside (ἒξω, κεῖμαι), sleeping outside".
<Welling_United_F.C.>	Welling United Football Club is a professional football club, based in Welling in the London Borough of Bexley, England. The club's first team play in the National League South, at the sixth tier of English football.Welling United Football Club was founded in 1963 by former professional footballer Syd Hobbins. It began as a youth team, playing in the Eltham & District Sunday League on a park pitch from 1963–64 to 1970–71. From 1971–72 to 1974–75, they played in the Metropolitan-London League Intermediate/Reserves Division. In 1975–76, they played in the London Spartan League Reserve Division One. They gained senior status in the London Spartan League in 1976, at Butterfly Lane, Eltham. Welling finished sixth in Division 2 in 1976–77 and was promoted to the Premier Division. In 1977, Welling moved to the Park View Road ground, which had previously belonged to the then defunct Bexley United. They joined the Athenian League in 1978. In 1981, they progressed to the Southern Football League Southern Division.
<Jack_Reynolds_(footballer,_born_1869)>	John Reynolds (21 February 1869 – 12 March 1917) was a footballer who played for, among others, West Bromwich Albion, Aston Villa and Celtic. He was the first player to represent both Ireland and England internationally.Reynolds won the FA Cup with West Bromwich Albion in 1892 and was a prominent member of the successful Aston Villa team of the 1890s, winning three English League titles and two FA Cups, including a double in 1897.
<Francisco_Rufete>	Francisco Joaquín Pérez Rufete (born 20 November 1976) is a Spanish former footballer, and a manager. He played predominantly as a right winger with good dribbling ability, also being a player with a good workrate.During his professional career he played with seven clubs, including Barcelona (one game) and Valencia (two La Liga titles).
<Time_Warner>	Warner Media, LLC (traded as WarnerMedia) was an American multinational mass media and entertainment conglomerate. It was headquartered at the 30 Hudson Yards complex in New York City, United States.It was originally established in 1972 by Steve Ross as Warner Communications, and Time Warner was created in 1990, following a merger between Time Inc. and the original Warner Communications. The company has film, television and cable operations, with its assets including WarnerMedia Studios & Networks (consisting of the entertainment assets of Turner Broadcasting, HBO, and Cinemax as well as Warner Bros., which itself consists of the film, animation, television studios, the company's home entertainment division and Studio Distribution Services, its joint venture with Universal Pictures Home Entertainment, DC Comics, New Line Cinema, and, together with CBS Entertainment Group, through its Warner Bros. Entertainment subsidiary, a 50% interest in The CW television network); WarnerMedia News & Sports (consisting of the news and sports assets of Turner Broadcasting, including CNN, Turner Sports, and AT&T SportsNet); WarnerMedia Sales & Distribution (consisting of digital media company Otter Media); and WarnerMedia Direct (consisting of the HBO Max streaming service).Despite spinning off Time Inc. in 2014, the company retained the Time-Warner name from 1990, also becoming Time Warner in 2003, until 2018. In 2018, after AT&T's acquisition of Time Warner, the company was renamed Warner Media. On October 22, 2016, AT&T officially announced that they intended on acquiring Time Warner for $85.4 billion (including assumed Time Warner debt), valuing the company at $107.50 per share. The proposed merger was confirmed on June 12, 2018, after AT&T won an antitrust lawsuit that the U.S. Justice Department filed in 2017 to attempt to block the acquisition, and was completed two days later, when the company became a subsidiary of AT&T. The company's current name was adopted a day later. Under AT&T, the company moved to launch a streaming service built around the company's content, known as HBO Max. WarnerMedia refolded Turner's entertainment-based networks under a singular umbrella unit on August 10, 2020, through a consolidation of the WarnerMedia Entertainment and Warner Bros. Entertainment assets into a new unit, WarnerMedia Studios & Networks Group. On May 17, 2021, nearly three years after the acquisition, AT&T decided to leave the entertainment business and announced that it had proposed to relinquish its ownership of WarnerMedia and merge it with Discovery, Inc. to form a new publicly traded company, Warner Bros. Discovery. The deal closed on April 8, 2022.
<Edward_Kellett_(New_Zealand_politician)>	Edward Kellett (7 November 1864 – 15 May 1922) was a New Zealand Independent Labour Member of Parliament for a Dunedin electorate.Kellett was born in Dunedin and served on the West Harbour Borough Council until 1919. He served on the Dunedin City Council from 1917 to 1919. During the First World War Kellett supported conscription and resigned from the Labour Party in 1916. He was an executive member of the Welfare League organised by former Labour Leader David McLaren.
<Blood_Relations_(play)>	Blood Relations or Blood Relation may refer to:
<Rachida_Brakni>	Rachida Brakni (born 15 February 1977) is a French actress and producer. She is married to actor and former professional footballer Éric Cantona.In 2001, she joined the Comédie Française, as a member of which she won a Molière Award for her performance in Ruy Blas. In 2002, she was awarded the César Award for Most Promising Actress for her performance in Chaos.
<Ferid_Murad>	Ferid Murad (born September 14, 1936) is an American physician and pharmacologist, and a co-winner of the 1998 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.Murad was born in Whiting, Indiana. His parents were Henrietta Josephine Bowman of Alton, Illinois and Xhabir Murat Ejupi, an Albanian immigrant from Gostivar in present-day North Macedonia. who subsequently changed his name to John Murad after being processed at Ellis Island in 1913. His mother was from a Baptist family and ran away from home in 1935, aged 17, to marry his father, who was 39 and Muslim. Murad is the oldest of three boys; his brothers are John Abderhaman and Turhon Allen. Murad and his brothers were raised as Catholics. He was later baptized an Episcopalian while in college. The family owned a small restaurant while Murad was growing up, and he spent his youth working at the family business.
<Stanford,_California>	Stanford is a census-designated place (CDP) in the northwest corner of Santa Clara County, California, United States. It is the home of Stanford University. The population was 21,150 at the 2020 census.Stanford is an unincorporated area of Santa Clara County and is adjacent to the city of Palo Alto.
<Jason_Kenney>	Jason Thomas Kenney PC ECA (born May 30, 1968) is a Canadian former politician who served as the 18th premier of Alberta from 2019 until 2022 and the leader of the United Conservative Party (UCP) from 2017 until 2022. He also served as the member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) for Calgary-Lougheed from 2017 until 2022. Kenney was the last leader of the Alberta Progressive Conservative Party (PC Party) before the party merged with the Wildrose Party to form the UCP. Prior to entering Alberta provincial politics, he served in various cabinet posts under Prime Minister Stephen Harper from 2006 to 2015.Kenney studied philosophy at the University of San Francisco, but returned to Canada without completing his degree. In 1989, he was hired as the first executive director of the Alberta Taxpayers Association before becoming the president and chief executive officer of the Canadian Taxpayers Federation. Kenney was elected to the House of Commons in the 1997 federal election for the Reform Party. In 2000, he was re-elected as a Canadian Alliance candidate and then was re-elected five times as a candidate for the Conservative Party of Canada.
<Jonathan_López_(Spanish_footballer)>	Jonathan López Pérez (born 16 April 1981), known simply as Jonathan, is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.Born in Riaño, Langreo, Asturias, Jonathan was a product of Valencia CF's youth system. However, during his lengthy link with the club he could never appear officially with the first team, playing four seasons with the reserves in the lower leagues and also being loaned two times; he was first-choice for CD Numancia and Real Oviedo, being relegated from Segunda División with the latter side.
<Rudolf_Kompfner>	Rudolf Kompfner (May 16, 1909 – December 3, 1977) was an Austrian-born inventor, physicist and architect, best known as the inventor of the traveling-wave tube (TWT).Kompfner was born in Vienna to Jewish parents. He was originally trained as an architect and after receiving his university degree in 1933 he moved to England (due to the rise of anti-Semitism), where he worked as an architect until 1941. He had a strong interest in physics and electronics, and after being briefly detained by the British at the start of World War II he was recruited to work in a secret microwave vacuum tube research program at the University of Birmingham. While there, Kompfner invented the TWT in 1943. After the war he became a British citizen, continued working for the Admiralty as a scientist, and also studied physics at the University of Oxford, receiving his D.Phil. in 1951.
<WCFJ_(defunct)>	WCFJ (1470 AM) was a radio station licensed to Chicago Heights, Illinois, United States. Its transmitter was located south of Crete, Illinois and served Chicago's south suburbs and South Side, as well as Northwest Indiana. The station's original call sign was WMPP.WMPP began broadcasting on August 15, 1963, and originally aired a R&B format. The call letters stood for "Working More for People's Progress". The station originally ran 1,000 watts during daytime hours only.Originally owned by Seaway Broadcasting Company, it was the first African-American owned and operated radio station in the Midwest. The station was founded by William S. Martin and Charles Pinckard. Martin died in October 1963, and Charles Pinckard acquired controlling interest in the company in 1964. In 1979, the estate of Charles Pinckard sold Seaway Broadcasting to James M. Benages for $150,000.
<Beowulf>	Beowulf (/ˈbeɪəwʊlf/; Old English: Bēowulf [ˈbeːowuɫf]) is an Old English epic poem in the tradition of Germanic heroic legend consisting of 3,182 alliterative lines. It is one of the most important and most often translated works of Old English literature. The date of composition is a matter of contention among scholars; the only certain dating is for the manuscript, which was produced between 975 and 1025. Scholars call the anonymous author the "Beowulf poet". The story is set in pagan Scandinavia in the 6th century. Beowulf, a hero of the Geats, comes to the aid of Hrothgar, the king of the Danes, whose mead hall in Heorot has been under attack by the monster Grendel. After Beowulf slays him, Grendel's mother attacks the hall and is then defeated. Victorious, Beowulf goes home to Geatland and becomes king of the Geats. Fifty years later, Beowulf defeats a dragon, but is mortally wounded in the battle. After his death, his attendants cremate his body and erect a tower on a headland in his memory.Scholars have debated whether Beowulf was transmitted orally, affecting its interpretation: if it was composed early, in pagan times, then the paganism is central and the Christian elements were added later, whereas if it was composed later, in writing, by a Christian, then the pagan elements could be decorative archaising; some scholars also hold an intermediate position. Beowulf is written mostly in the Late West Saxon dialect of Old English, but many other dialectal forms are present, suggesting that the poem may have had a long and complex transmission throughout the dialect areas of England.
<Banco_di_Napoli>	Banco di Napoli S.p.A., among the oldest banks in the world, was an Italian banking subsidiary of Intesa Sanpaolo group, as one of the 6 retail brands other than "Intesa Sanpaolo". It was acquired by the Italian banking group Sanpaolo IMI (the predecessor of Intesa Sanpaolo) in 2002 and ceased being an independent bank. In February 2018, Intesa Sanpaolo announced their new business plan, which would retire Banco di Napoli and other brands; the legal person of Banco di Napoli would be absorbed into Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.The Banco of Naples is one of the most important and oldest historic banks, as its origins date back to the so-called public benches of charitable institutions, which arose in Naples between the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, especially at a mount of piety founded in 1539 on a pledge to lend without interest, which in 1584 opened a case of deposits, recognised by a proclamation of the viceroy of Naples in the same year. According to some scholars its origin may be daten back to 1463, when Casa Santa dell'Annunziata was founded in Naples. It was started by Saint Cajetan, Italian Catholic Saint, It was started mainly to help the poor and needy from usuers, they used to demand high interest in returnThis would make the Bank of Naples the oldest bank in continuous operation till 2018, world-wide.Seven other similar institutions were later founded in Naples between 1587 and 1640:
<Tom_Gale>	Tom Gale may refer to:
<Huntington_Beach,_California>	Huntington Beach is a seaside city in Orange County in Southern California, located 35 miles (56 km) southeast of Downtown Los Angeles. The city is named after American businessman Henry E. Huntington. The population was 198,711 during the 2020 census, making it the fourth most populous city in Orange County, the most populous beach city in Orange County, and the seventh most populous city in the Los Angeles-Long Beach-Anaheim, CA Metropolitan Statistical Area.  It is bordered by Bolsa Chica Basin State Marine Conservation Area on the west, the Pacific Ocean on the southwest, by Seal Beach on the northwest, by Westminster on the north, by Fountain Valley on the northeast, by Costa Mesa on the east, and by Newport Beach on the southeast.Huntington Beach is known for its long 9.5-mile (15.3 km) stretch of sandy beach, mild climate, excellent surfing, and beach culture. Swells generated predominantly from the North Pacific in winter and from a combination of Southern Hemisphere storms and hurricanes in the summer focus on Huntington Beach, creating consistent surf all year long, hence the nickname "Surf City".
<The_Shubert_Organization>	The Shubert Organization is a theatrical producing organization and a major owner of theatres based in Manhattan, New York City. It was founded by the three Shubert brothers in the late 19th century. They steadily expanded, owning many theaters in New York and across the country. Since then it has gone through changes of ownership, but is still a major theater chain.The Shubert Organization was founded by the Shubert brothers, Sam S. Shubert, Lee Shubert, and Jacob J. Shubert of Syracuse, New York – colloquially and collectively known as "The Shuberts" – in the late 19th century in upstate New York, entering into New York City productions in 1900. The organization produced a large number of shows and began acquiring theaters. Sam Shubert died in 1905; by 1916 the two remaining brothers had become powerful theater moguls with a nationwide presence.
<Toodyay_Court_House>	The former Toodyay Court House in Toodyay, Western Australia has been used as municipal offices for Toodyay since the 1950s.The main part of the building (designed by George Temple-Poole) was constructed in 1896 and opened in January 1897. It replaced the first courthouse on the site built in 1867 from plans by Richard Roach Jewell. The site had also been the location of a convict hiring depot; one of four established in the colony after convicts were introduced in 1850.
<Tetsuro_Yoshida>	Tetsuro Yoshida (吉田 鉄郎, Yoshida Tetsurō, May 18, 1894 - September 8, 1956) was a Japanese architect. He graduated from Tokyo University and entered the Ministry of Communications in 1919. He designed many Japanese post offices, telegraph offices, and related buildings in Japan. He introduced Eastern architecture to the west, while incorporating Western architecture in his own designs, including architecture from Scandinavia, Germany, and the United States.This article about a Japanese architect is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Russell_Hayden>	Russell "Lucky" Hayden (born Hayden Michael "Pate" Lucid; June 12, 1912 – June 9, 1981) was an American film and television actor. He is best known for his portrayal as Lucky Jenkins in Paramount's popular Hopalong Cassidy film series.He was born as Hayden Michael "Pate" Lucid, son of Francis J. Lucid and the former Minnie Harvey. He later took the name Russell Hayden to honor a friend, cameraman Russell Harlan.
<Scrap_Saturday>	Scrap Saturday was an Irish satirical radio sketch show created by Dermot Morgan, who was also the main performer on the show, and Gerry Stembridge, which ran on RTÉ Radio 1 on Saturday mornings from 1989 until 1991. Pauline McLynn and Owen Roe participated as performers. The half-hour show lampooned political and cultural figures in Irish society such as Charles Haughey and Pádraig Flynn. At the centre of the show was the relationship between the then Taoiseach Charles Haughey and his political advisor P. J. Mara. A number of Irish cultural figures came in for a lampooning on a regular basis such as broadcasters Mike Murphy when a presenter of RTÉ Radio 1's "Arts Show", Gay Byrne and Bibi Baskin. Amongst politicians of the time, versions of Gerry Collins and Michael Noonan featured regularly, as did then president Mary Robinson. Others regularly lampooned include journalist and commentator Eamon Dunphy. 
<Ricardo_Cortez>	Ricardo Cortez (born Jacob Kranze or Jacob Krantz; September 19, 1900 – April 28, 1977) was an American actor and film director. He was also credited as Jack Crane early in his acting career.Ricardo Cortez was born Jacob Krantz in New York City to Morris and Sarah (Lefkovitz) Krantz. Along with his brother Stanley Cortez (born Stanislaus Krantz), he was raised in a Jewish family in New York City. (Vienna has been incorrectly cited as his birthplace.) He attended DeWitt Clinton High School in New York City.
<Lima>	 Spain (1542–1821) Protectorate of Peru (1821–1822) Peruvian Republic (1822–1836) Peru–Bolivia (1836–1838, 1838–1839) North Peru (1838; capital) Peruvian Republic (1839–1881; capital) Chile (1881–1883; occupied) Peru (1883–present; capital)Lima (/ˈliːmə/ LEE-mə; Spanish pronunciation: [ˈlima]), originally founded as Ciudad de Los Reyes (City of The Kings) is the capital and the largest city of Peru. It is located in the valleys of the Chillón, Rímac and Lurín Rivers, in the desert zone of the central coastal part of the country, overlooking the Pacific Ocean. Together with the seaside city of Callao, it forms a contiguous urban area known as the Lima Metropolitan Area. With a population of more than 9.7 million in its urban area and more than 10.7 million in its metropolitan area, Lima is one of the largest cities in the Americas. 
<Augusta_Dabney>	Augusta Keith Dabney (October 23, 1918 – February 4, 2008) was an American actress known for her roles on many soap operas, such as the wealthy but kindly matriarch Isabelle Alden on the daytime series Loving. She played the role from 1983 to 1987, from 1988 to 1991, and again from 1994 to 1995.Dabney was born on October 23, 1918, the daughter of Thomas G. Dabney and Jessie Dabney. She was born and raised in Berkeley, California, and  graduated from the University of California at Berkeley, where she was a member of Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority and two honor societies. In 1937, she moved to New York so that she could study at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts.Dabney acted in stock theater and on Broadway. Her Broadway debut was in Abe Lincoln in Illinois (1938), and her final Broadway appearance was in Sacrilege (1995).
<Harry_Kewell>	Harry Kewell (born 22 September 1978) is an Australian association football coach, manager and former player. His most recent role as a club manager was at English National League side Barnet, and he is currently a first team coach at Celtic F.C. As a player, Kewell represented Leeds United, Liverpool, Galatasaray, Melbourne Victory, Al-Gharafa and Melbourne Heart. While at Leeds he was named the PFA Young Player of the Year in 2000. Internationally, he received 58 caps, and scored 17 goals while playing for Australia. A left winger also capable of playing as an attacking midfielder or second striker, he is often regarded within the media as "Australia's finest football export", despite his career being blighted with injury. In 2012, Kewell was named Australia's greatest footballer in a vote by Australian fans, players and media.Kewell scored a goal against Croatia which took Australia through to the knockout stages of the 2006 FIFA World Cup, the Australian national team's second World Cup. He is a member of the Executive Committee of the Australian Professional Footballers' Association. Kewell also has a British passport through his father's heritage. Former Middlesbrough midfielder-turned pundit Robbie Mustoe named Kewell as one of the greatest players he had played against but questioned his consistency and attitude after his initial injuries. Former German international Michael Ballack has also highlighted Kewell's ability and inconsistency.
<Faye_Wong>	Faye Wong (born Xia Lin on 8 August 1969) is a Hong Kong singer-songwriter. Early in her career she briefly used the stage name Shirley Wong. Born in Beijing, she moved to Hong Kong in 1987 and came to public attention in the early 1990s by singing in Cantonese, often combining alternative music with mainstream Chinese pop. Since 1994, she has recorded mostly in her native Mandarin. In 2000, she was recognised by Guinness World Records as the Best Selling Canto-Pop Female. Following her second marriage in 2005, she withdrew from the limelight, but returned to the stage in 2010.Hugely popular in Hong Kong, Taiwan, China  and Singapore, she has also gained a large following in Japan. In the West she is perhaps best known for starring in Wong Kar-wai's films Chungking Express and 2046. While she has collaborated with international artists such as Cocteau Twins, Wong recorded only a few songs in English, including "Eyes on Me"—the theme song of the video game Final Fantasy VIII. Wong is known to be a "diva with few words" in public, and has gained a reputation for her "cool" personality. In Encyclopedia of Contemporary Chinese Culture, Jeroen de Kloet characterised her as "singer, actress, mother, celebrity, royalty, sex symbol and diva all at the same time". Wong is considered by some as one of East Asia's biggest popstars with a career of over 30 years.
<Fastweb_(telecommunications_company)>	Fastweb S.p.A. is an Italian telecommunications company that provides fixed and mobile telephony, broadband Internet and IPTV services. Fastweb is also one of the prominent companies in Italy providing FTTH connections. Fastweb is fully owned by the Swiss telecommunication company Swisscom.In May 2007, Swisscom paid 3 billion euros for 82.4% of Fastweb. Swisscom subsequently bought out the minority shareholders after making a voluntary tender offer in September 2010. Therefore, Fastweb has been delisted from Borsa Italiana.Since its founding Fastweb has invested over €5 billion in a next-generation fiber-optic network spanning more than 32,000 km (20,000 mi).By implementing the internet protocol on its alternative fiber-optic network, Fastweb provides a Triple-Play Offer of landline, internet and television services, available simultaneously on a single connection, for residential and business clients. Today[when?] Fastweb's fiber-optic network is the most extended in Europe.
<Charles_A._Dinarello>	Charles A. Dinarello (born April 22, 1943) is a professor of medicine at the University of Colorado at Denver. He is an expert on inflammatory cytokines, specifically Interleukin 1.Dinarello received his Doctor of Medicine in 1969 at Yale University and since 1996, he is Professor of Medicine at University of Colorado School of Medicine. He is also Professor of Experimental Medicine at the Radboud University Medical Center in Nijmegen, The Netherlands. Dinarello is considered one of the founding fathers of cytokines having purified and cloned interleukin-1.[citation needed] This important step established the validation of cytokines as mediators of disease, particularly of inflammation. Current studies blocking IL-1 in humans supports Dinarello's and his co-workers pivotal contributions to cytokine biology and the pathogenesis of inflammatory diseases.[citation needed]He is fluent in English, Italian and German.[citation needed]
<William_Anders>	William Alison Anders (born 17 October 1933) is a retired United States Air Force (USAF) major general, former electrical engineer, nuclear engineer, NASA astronaut, and businessman. In December 1968, he was a member of the crew of Apollo 8, the first three people to leave low Earth orbit and travel to the Moon. Along with fellow astronauts Frank Borman and Jim Lovell, Anders circled the Moon ten times, and broadcast live images and commentary back to Earth. During one of the mission's lunar orbits, he took the iconic Earthrise photograph.A graduate of the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland, Anders was commissioned a second lieutenant in the United States Air Force (USAF) in 1955, and became a fighter pilot flying Northrop F-89 Scorpions equipped with MB-1 nuclear-tipped air-to-air missiles. He hoped to study aeronautical engineering through the Air Force Institute of Technology (AFIT) at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio, but the Aircraft Nuclear Propulsion program was ongoing, and he had to study nuclear engineering instead. He graduated from the AFIT in 1962 with a Master of Science degree in nuclear engineering, and was sent to the Air Force Weapons Laboratory at Kirtland Air Force Base in New Mexico, where he managed the technical aspects of the USAF nuclear power reactor programs.
<Werner_Scheler>	Werner Scheler (12 September 1923 – 9 October 2018) was a German physician and pharmacologist.Between 1959 and 1971 he worked at the University of Greifswald where he served as the Director of the university's Institute of Pharmacology and as a teaching professor in his subject, subsequently also becoming the University Rector following the death of Georg Tartler [de].   Later, between 1979 and 1990, Scheler was the penultimate president of the (East) German Academy of Sciences.Like many leading academics in the German Democratic Republic, Werner Scheler also pursued a career in national politics. At the end of 1978 he was elected to membership of the powerful Party Central Committee.
<Martyn_Evans>	Martyn John Evans (born 27 November 1953 in Birmingham, England), is a former South Australian Australian independent and Australian Labor Party state and federal politician.Evans was educated at The University of Adelaide, and was a State Government Administrative Officer before entering politics. Evans was a member of the City of Elizabeth council from 1975–84 and served as Mayor from 1981–84.
<Livi_Michael>	Livi Michael, also known as Olivia Michael (15 March 1960, Manchester), is a British fiction writer who publishes children and adult novels.Michael began writing poetry at the age of seven. She attended Tameside College of Technology; University of Leeds and completed her B.A (English) with first-class honours in 1989, and her PhD in 1993.[citation needed] Her career as a novelist started with her first novel, Under a Thin Moon in 1992. In addition to her writing, Michael also worked as a university lecturer teaching creative writing, and ran reading groups about women's fiction. She began writing novels for adults in 1992, before writing her first children's novel in 2002, called Frank and the Black Hamster of Narkiz. While Michael was in the process of writing her first novel, she continued her education and completed her doctorate in 1993 at the University of Leeds, where she earned a dissertation named "Towards a Theory of Working Class Writing: Lewis Grassic Gibbon's A Scots Quair in the Context of Earlier Working Class Fiction". Livi Michael completed her second novel while teaching english literature and creative writing part-time until 1998, at Manchester Metropolitan University, and proceeded to write her third novel as well. Her fourth novel was published in 2000. Michael continues teaching english literature and creative writing for the Department of Cultural Studies at Sheffield Hallam University and writing novels for children. In addition to teaching and writing, she also gives guest lectures, participates in writing workshops, and visit schools where she hosts reading groups and answers student's questions.
<Daniel_Gillies>	Daniel John Gillies (born 14 March 1976) is a New Zealand-Canadian actor, film producer, director and screenwriter. He played the role of Elijah Mikaelson on the television series The Vampire Diaries and its spin-off The Originals, as well as Dr. Joel Goran on the Canadian series Saving Hope, a medical-themed show with a mystical, paranormal twist. He wrote and directed the 2012 film, Broken Kingdom.Gillies was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada to parents from New Zealand. When he was five, his parents decided to return to their native New Zealand, and moved to Invercargill and then to Hamilton. Though born into a family of strong medical background (his father is a pediatrician, his mother a nurse, and he is descended from the renowned ENT/plastic surgery pioneer Sir Harold Gillies), he became interested in acting because he said it was "the only thing I was ever any good at".
<Montenegro_national_under-21_football_team>	The Montenegro national under-21 football team is the national under-21 football team of Montenegro and is controlled by the Football Association of Montenegro.  The team competes in the European Under-21 Football Championship, held every two years.
<Radio_Northland>	Radio Northland was a radio station based in Whangarei, New Zealand.The station was started by Radio New Zealand (which at the time was known as the National Broadcasting Service) in 1949. The original callsign was 1XN and the station was originally known by this name, the callsign was later changed to 1ZN. The station originally broadcast on 970AM in Whangarei (callsign 1ZN), Kaikohe on 1220AM (callsign 1ZE) and Kaitaia on 1440AM (callsign 1ZK). On air the station later became known as Radio Northland. The station is located on Bank Street, Whangarei.
<Robert_Ardrey>	Robert Ardrey (October 16, 1908 – January 14, 1980) was an American playwright, screenwriter and science writer perhaps best known for The Territorial Imperative (1966). After a Broadway and Hollywood career, he returned to his academic training in anthropology and the behavioral sciences in the 1950s.As a playwright and screenwriter Ardrey received many accolades. He was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1937, won the inaugural Sidney Howard Memorial Award in 1940, and in 1966 received an Academy Award nomination for best screenplay for his script for Khartoum. His most famous play, Thunder Rock, is widely considered an international classic.Ardrey's scientific work played a major role in overturning long-standing assumptions in the social sciences. In particular, both African Genesis (1961) and The Territorial Imperative (1966), two of his most widely read works, were instrumental in changing scientific doctrine and increasing public awareness of evolutionary science. His work was so popular that many prominent scientists cite it as inspiring them to enter their fields.
<Olivia_Newton-John>	Dame Olivia Newton-John AC DBE (26 September 1948 – 8 August 2022) was a British-Australian singer, actress and activist. She was a four-time Grammy Award winner whose music career included 15 top-ten singles, including 5 number-one singles on the Billboard Hot 100 and two number-one albums on the Billboard 200: If You Love Me, Let Me Know (1974) and Have You Never Been Mellow (1975). Eleven of her singles (including two Platinum) and 14 of her albums (including two Platinum and four 2× Platinum) have been certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).In 1978, Newton-John starred in the musical film Grease, which was the highest-grossing musical film at the time and whose soundtrack remains one of the world's best-selling albums. It features two major hit duets with co-star John Travolta: "You're the One That I Want"—which is one of the best-selling singles of all time—and "Summer Nights". Her signature solo recordings include the Record of the Year Grammy winner "I Honestly Love You" (1974) and "Physical" (1981)—Billboard's highest ranking Hot 100 single of the 1980s. Other defining hit singles include "If Not for You" and "Banks of the Ohio" (both 1971), "Let Me Be There" (1973), "If You Love Me (Let Me Know)" (1974), "Have You Never Been Mellow" (1975), "Sam" (1977), "Hopelessly Devoted to You" (1978; also from Grease), "A Little More Love" (1978), "Twist of Fate" (1983) and, from the 1980 film Xanadu, "Magic" and "Xanadu" (with the Electric Light Orchestra).
<Charles_Wheatstone>	Sir Charles Wheatstone /ˈwiːtstən/ FRS FRSE DCL LLD (6 February 1802 – 19 October 1875), was an English scientist and inventor of many scientific breakthroughs of the Victorian era, including the English concertina, the stereoscope (a device for displaying three-dimensional images), and the Playfair cipher (an encryption technique). However, Wheatstone is best known for his contributions in the development of the Wheatstone bridge, originally invented by Samuel Hunter Christie, which is used to measure an unknown electrical resistance, and as a major figure in the development of telegraphy.Charles Wheatstone was born in Barnwood, Gloucestershire. His father, W. Wheatstone, was a music-seller in the town, who moved to 128 Pall Mall, London, four years later, becoming a teacher of the flute. Charles, the second son, went to a village school, near Gloucester, and afterwards to several institutions in London. One of them was in Kennington, and kept by a Mrs. Castlemaine, who was astonished at his rapid progress. From another he ran away, but was captured at Windsor, not far from the theatre of his practical telegraph. As a boy he was very shy and sensitive, liking well to retire into an attic, without any other company than his own thoughts.
<Bertram_Ellis>	Bertram Ellis (November 20, 1860 – January 4, 1920) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a member and President of the New Hampshire Senate, and as a member and Speaker of the New Hampshire House of Representatives.Ellis was born to Moses and Emily (Ferrin) Ellis in Boston, Massachusetts, on November 20, 1860.
<Atta-ur-Rahman_(chemist)>	Atta-ur-Rahman (Urdu: عطاالرحمان; b. 22 September 1942), NI, FRS, FPAS is a Pakistani organic chemist and is currently serving as Professor Emeritus at the International Center for Chemical and Biological Sciences at the University of Karachi and as Chairman of PM Task Force on Science and Technology. He is also the President of the Network of Academies of Sciences in Cointries of the Organisation of Islamic Countries (NASIC). After obtaining his PhD in organic Chemistry from the University of Cambridge in 1968, Atta-ur-Rahman was elected as a Fellow of Kings College, Cambridge in 1969 and carried on research there till 1973. During that period, he is credited with correcting the earlier work of the Nobel Laureate Sir Robert Robinson on the chemistry of harmaline. After returning to Pakistan, he contributed to the development of the International Center for Chemical and Biological Sciences at the University of Karachi. The Atta-ur-Rahman Institute for Natural Product Discovery (AuRIns) in Malaysia and the Academician Professor Atta-ur-Rahman One Belt and One Road TCM Research Center were named after Rahman, as well as the Atta-ur-Rahman School of Applied Biosciences at the National University of Sciences & Technology (Islamabad, Pakistan) and the Atta-ur-Rahman Laboratories, International Center for Chemical and Biological Sciences at the University of Karachi (Karachi, Pakistan).He carried out important studies on the synthesis of anti-cancer alkaloids present in the plant Catharanthus roseus and analytical studies on organic compounds involving circular dichroism.
<Ilham_Aliyev>	Ilham Heydar oghlu Aliyev (Azerbaijani: İlham Heydər oğlu Əliyev, pronounced [ilˈhɑm hejˈdæɾ oɣˈlu æˈlijev]; born 24 December 1961) is the fourth president of Azerbaijan, serving in the post since 31 October 2003.The son and second child of the former Azerbaijani leader Heydar Aliyev, Ilham Aliyev became president of Azerbaijan in 2003 following his father's death, in an election defined by election fraud. Azerbaijan being oil-rich has strengthened the stability of Aliyev's regime and enriched ruling elites in Azerbaijan, making it possible for the country to host lavish international events, as well as engage in extensive lobbying efforts.
<Henry_M._Teller>	Henry Moore Teller (May 23, 1830 – February 23, 1914) was an American politician from Colorado, serving as a US senator between 1876–1882 and 1885–1909, also serving as Secretary of the Interior between 1882 and 1885. He strongly opposed the Dawes Act, intended to break up communal Native American lands and force assimilation of the people, accurately stating that it was directed at forcing the Indians to give up their land so that it could be sold to white settlers. Among his most prominent achievements was authoring the Teller Amendment which definitively stated that, following the Spanish–American War, the U.S. would not annex Cuba, rather that the purpose of their involvement would be to help it gain independence from Spain.Henry Moore Teller was given life into a large Methodist family on a farm in Granger, New York, in 1830. Educated at local academies when he was young, he went on to take up teaching in order to pay his way through law school. He interned in the office of Judge Martin Grover of Angelica, New York, and became a lawyer in 1858. Although was admitted to the state bar, he moved to Morrison, Illinois where he practiced law for three years and helped establish the Republican Party of Illinois. Following that, in 1861 Teller set up a law office in Central City, present day Colorado where he married Harriet M. Bruce and had two sons and a daughter. During that time, Teller also served as major general of Colorado militia from 1864 to 1867. In 1865, Teller was one of the chief organizers of the Colorado Central Railroad, writing its original charter and becoming its president for five years. Afterwards, until Colorado achieved statehood, Teller continued work as a corporate attorney where he would gain enough prominence to be admitted to its upcoming Senate.
<Lynn_Margulis>	Lynn Margulis (born Lynn Petra Alexander; March 5, 1938 – November 22, 2011) was an American evolutionary biologist, and was the primary modern proponent for the significance of symbiosis in evolution. Historian Jan Sapp has said that "Lynn Margulis's name is as synonymous with symbiosis as Charles Darwin's is with evolution." In particular, Margulis transformed and fundamentally framed current understanding of the evolution of cells with nuclei – an event Ernst Mayr called "perhaps the most important and dramatic event in the history of life" – by proposing it to have been the result of symbiotic mergers of bacteria. Margulis was also the co-developer of the Gaia hypothesis with the British chemist James Lovelock, proposing that the Earth functions as a single self-regulating system, and was the principal defender and promulgator of the five kingdom classification of Robert Whittaker.Throughout her career, Margulis' work could arouse intense objection (one grant application elicited the response, "Your research is crap. Don't ever bother to apply again.") and her formative paper, "On the Origin of Mitosing Cells", appeared in 1967 after being rejected by about fifteen journals. Still a junior faculty member at Boston University at the time, her theory that cell organelles such as mitochondria and chloroplasts were once independent bacteria was largely ignored for another decade, becoming widely accepted only after it was powerfully substantiated through genetic evidence. Margulis was elected a member of the US National Academy of Sciences in 1983. President Bill Clinton presented her the National Medal of Science in 1999. The Linnean Society of London awarded her the Darwin-Wallace Medal in 2008.Called "science's unruly earth mother", a "vindicated heretic", or a scientific "rebel", Margulis was a strong critic of neo-Darwinism. Her position sparked lifelong debate with leading neo-Darwinian biologists, including Richard Dawkins, George C. Williams, and John Maynard Smith. Margulis' work on symbiosis and her endosymbiotic theory had important predecessors, going back to the mid-19th century – notably Andreas Franz Wilhelm Schimper, Konstantin Mereschkowski, Boris Kozo-Polyansky, and Ivan Wallin – and Margulis, not only promoted greater recognition for their contributions, but personally oversaw the first English translation of Kozo-Polyansky's Symbiogenesis: A New Principle of Evolution, which appeared the year before her death. Many of her major works, particularly those intended for a general readership, were collaboratively written with her son Dorion Sagan.
<Roger_Cowley>	Roger Arthur Cowley, FRS, FRSE, FInstP (24 February 1939 – 27 January 2015) was an English physicist who specialised in the excitations of solids.Cowley was born in Woodford Green, Essex, on 24 February 1939. His father, Cecil Arthur Cowley, was a chartered surveyor, and his mother Mildred Sarah Nash was from a farming family. During World War II, the family evacuated to Leighton Buzzard, Bedfordshire, later moving to Shenfield and on to Gidea Park, Essex.  He was educated at Brentwood School, where he had won a scholarship, and afterwards he entered Trinity Hall, Cambridge, where he read natural sciences. Cowley would remain at Cambridge to study for a PhD.
<Edward_Higgins_White>	Edward Higgins White II (November 14, 1930 – January 27, 1967) was an American aeronautical engineer, United States Air Force officer, test pilot, and NASA astronaut. He was a member of the crews of Gemini 4 and Apollo 1.After graduating from West Point in 1952 with a Bachelor of Science degree, White was sent to flight training, and assigned to the 22nd Fighter Day Squadron at Bitburg Air Base, West Germany, where he flew the F-86 Sabre and F-100 Super Sabre fighters. In 1958, he enrolled in the University of Michigan to study aeronautical engineering, receiving his Master of Science degree in 1959. White then received test pilot training at Edwards Air Force Base, California, before being assigned as a test pilot for the Aeronautical Systems Division at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.
<Hiram_Hunter>	Hiram Hunter (10 February 1874 – 9 May 1966) was a New Zealand politician and trade unionist.Born in Christchurch in 1874, Hunter was a farmer, storekeeper, carter, and trade unionist.
<Eisner_Award>	The Will Eisner Comic Industry Awards, commonly shortened to the Eisner Awards, are prizes given for creative achievement in American comic books, sometimes referred to as the comics industry's equivalent of the Academy Awards. They are named in honor of the pioneering writer and artist Will Eisner, who was a regular participant in the award ceremony until his death in 2005. The Eisner Awards include the Comic Industry's Hall of Fame.The nominations in each category are generated by a five- to a six-member jury, then voted on by comic book professionals and presented at the annual San Diego Comic-Con held in July, usually on Friday night. The jury often consists of at least one comics retailer, one librarian (since 2005), and one academic researcher, among other comics experts.
<Dick_Campbell_(producer)>	Dick Campbell, born Cornelius Coleridge Campbell (June 27, 1903 – December 20, 1994), was a key figure in black theater during the Harlem Renaissance. While a successful performer in his own right, Campbell is best known as a tireless advocate for black actors in general. As a theater producer and director, he helped launch the careers of several black theater artists, including Ossie Davis, Frederick O'Neal, Loften Mitchell, Helen Martin, and Abram Hill.He was a co-founder of the Negro People's Theatre in 1935 and the Rose McLendon Players in 1937, which soon produced only plays written by African Americans. That year he co-founded the Negro Actors Guild as well. His advocacy of the hiring of more blacks in TV included a boycott in 1955. From 1956 to 1964 he represented the State Department in Africa in its International Cultural Exchange Program. Later he was appointed to public affairs for the Human Resources Administration under Mayor John Lindsay and acted as a spokesperson for his anti-poverty programs. In 1972 he was co-founder of the Sickle Cell Disease Foundation of Greater New York and served as its executive director until his death.
<Lucas_Neill>	Lucas Edward Neill (born 9 March 1978) is an Australian former soccer player. Neill played as a defender, often playing as a centre back as well as a full-back. Neill spent almost 15 years of his career playing in England. He represented Australia at the 2006 FIFA World Cup, the 2007 AFC Asian Cup, the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa, and also the 2011 AFC Asian Cup in Qatar. On 6 October 2006 he was named the 50th captain of the Australian national team, and by the time of his retirement, had amassed a record 61 caps as captain. He played for Millwall, Blackburn Rovers, West Ham United, Everton, Galatasaray, Al Jazira, Al Wasl, Sydney FC, Omiya Ardija, Watford FC and Doncaster Rovers.Neill's father moved to Australia from Northern Ireland, where he had played for local football clubs Brantwood F.C., Linfield F.C., and Cliftonville F.C. Neill grew up in Manly, Sydney and was a student at Wakehurst Public School in Belrose and St Augustine's College in Brookvale, before attending the Australian Institute of Sport on a football scholarship in 1994–95.
<Mauricio_Aceves>	Mauricio Aceves (born 18 December 1960) is a Mexican former professional boxer in the Light welterweight division. He was the first ever WBO Lightweight Champion.Mauricio has fought many undefeated boxers, including Shane Mosley, Dingaan Thobela, Todd Foster, Dennis Holbæk Pedersen, Billy Schwer and Rene Arredondo.Aceves won the WBO Lightweight Championship by upsetting the veteran Amancio Castro in Santa Ana, California.
<Mathias_Ranégie>	Mathias Ranégie (Swedish: [maˈtîːas raˈněːɡɪ]; born 14 June 1984) is a Swedish former professional footballer who played as a striker.He started his career in Masthuggets BK, but left Sweden to be with his Guadeloupean father in Paris, France, he then started to play for Levallois SC in Championnat de France amateur. He then returned to Sweden and Gothenburg and played for Majorna BK for one year before they expend their senior team, he then moved to Lärje-Angereds IF where IFK Göteborg got interested in him and signed him prior to the 2007 season, however due to poor performance he only played 14 games and was in the autumn of 2008 loaned out to Go Ahead Eagles in the Dutch Eerste Divisie, yet a continuing injury made the Dutch club break the loan contract ahead of time.
<General_Della_Rovere>	General della Rovere (Italian: Il generale della Rovere) is a 1959 Italian film directed by Roberto Rossellini. The film is based on a novel by Indro Montanelli which was in turn based on a true story.Genoa, 1944, during the era of the Italian Social Republic. Petty thief Emanuele Bardone (played by Vittorio De Sica) is hired by the Third Reich to impersonate an Italian resistance leader, General Della Rovere, and infiltrate a group of resistance prisoners in a Milan prison.  Gradually, Bardone loses himself in his role and not merely pretends to be a hero of the resistance but actually becomes one, first encouraging his fellow prisoners to show courage and eventually accepting death by firing squad rather than betraying another imprisoned resistance leader.The film won the Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival.
<Madlyn_Rhue>	Madlyn Soloman Rhue (née Madeline Roche, October 3, 1935 – December 16, 2003) was an American film and television actress.Rhue was born in Washington, D.C., graduated from Los Angeles High School, and studied drama at Los Angeles City College.[citation needed]  Her professional name was an adaptation of the title of the film 13 Rue Madeleine (1947).
<Turkey>	Turkey (Turkish: Türkiye [ˈtyɾcije]), officially the Republic of Türkiye (Turkish: Türkiye Cumhuriyeti [ˈtyɾcije dʒumˈhuːɾijeti] (listen)), is a transcontinental country located mainly on the Anatolian Peninsula in Western Asia, with a small portion on the Balkan Peninsula in Southeast Europe. It shares borders with the Black Sea to the north; Georgia to the northeast; Armenia, Azerbaijan, and Iran to the east; Iraq to the southeast; Syria and the Mediterranean Sea to the south; the Aegean Sea to the west; and Greece and Bulgaria to the northwest. Cyprus is located off the south coast. Turks form the vast majority of the nation's population and Kurds are the largest minority. Ankara is Turkey's capital, while Istanbul is its largest city and financial centre.One of the world's earliest permanently settled regions, present-day Turkey was home to important Neolithic sites like Göbekli Tepe, and was inhabited by ancient civilisations including the Hattians, Hittites, Anatolian peoples, Mycenaean Greeks, Persians and others. Following the conquests of Alexander the Great which started the Hellenistic period, most of the ancient regions in modern Turkey were culturally Hellenised, which continued during the Byzantine era. The Seljuk Turks began migrating in the 11th century, and the Sultanate of Rum ruled Anatolia until the Mongol invasion in 1243, when it disintegrated into small Turkish principalities. Beginning in the late 13th century, the Ottomans united the principalities and conquered the Balkans, and the Turkification of Anatolia increased during the Ottoman period. After Mehmed II conquered Constantinople (Istanbul) in 1453, Ottoman expansion continued under Selim I. During the reign of Suleiman the Magnificent, the Ottoman Empire became a global power. From the late 18th century onwards, the empire's power declined with a gradual loss of territories. Mahmud II started a period of modernisation in the early 19th century. The Young Turk Revolution of 1908 restricted the authority of the Sultan and restored the Ottoman Parliament after a 30-year suspension, ushering the empire into a multi-party period. The 1913 coup d'état put the country under the control of the Three Pashas, who facilitated the Empire's entry into World War I as part of the Central Powers in 1914. During the war, the Ottoman government committed genocides against its Armenian, Greek and Assyrian subjects. After its defeat in the war, the Ottoman Empire was partitioned.
<Garth_Risk_Hallberg>	Garth Risk Hallberg (born November 1978) is an American author. His debut novel is City on Fire.Hallberg was born outside Baton Rouge, Louisiana and grew up in Greenville, North Carolina. In 2001 he received a degree in English from Washington University in St. Louis, where he met Elise White, his future wife. She graduated from Washington University in 2000 with degrees in English and African-American studies. Both of Hallberg's parents were teachers; his father was also a writer. They divorced when Hallberg was 13.Hallberg resides in New York City. He published his first novel, City on Fire, in 2015, to criticism and acclaim. His work has also been published in The Millions.
<Bessie_Love>	Bessie Love (born Juanita Horton; September 10, 1898 – April 26, 1986) was an American-British actress who achieved prominence playing innocent, young girls and wholesome leading ladies in silent and early sound films. Her acting career spanned eight decades—from silent film to sound film, including theatre, radio, and television—and her performance in The Broadway Melody (1929) earned her a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress.Love was born Juanita Horton in Midland, Texas, to John Cross Horton and Emma Jane Horton (née  Savage). Her father was a cowboy and bartender, while her mother worked in and managed restaurants. She attended school in Midland until she was in the eighth grade, when her family moved to Arizona, New Mexico, and then to California, where they settled in Hollywood. When in Hollywood, her father became a chiropractor, and her mother worked at the Jantzen's Knitwear and Bathing Suits factory.
<ThinkCentre>	The ThinkCentre is a line of business-oriented desktop computers designed, developed and marketed by Lenovo, and formerly by IBM from 2003 to 2005. ThinkCentre computers typically include mid-range to high-end processors, options for discrete graphics cards, and multi-monitor support.The ThinkCentre line of desktop computers was introduced by IBM in 2003. The first three models in this line were the S50, the M50, and A50p. All three desktops were equipped with Intel Pentium 4 processors. The chassis was made of steel and designed for easy component access without the use of tools. The hard disk was fixed in place by a 'caddy' without the use of screws. The caddy had rubber bumpers to reduce vibration and operational noise.
<John_L._Hennessy>	John Leroy Hennessy (born September 22, 1952) is an American computer scientist, academician and businessman who serves as Chairman of Alphabet Inc. Hennessy is one of the founders of MIPS Computer Systems Inc. as well as Atheros and served as the tenth President of Stanford University. Hennessy announced that he would step down in the summer of 2016. He was succeeded as President by Marc Tessier-Lavigne. Marc Andreessen called him "the godfather of Silicon Valley."Along with David Patterson, Hennessy was a recipient of the 2017 Turing Award for their work in developing the reduced instruction set computer (RISC) architecture, which is now used in 99% of new computer chips.Hennessy was raised in Huntington, New York, as one of six children. His father was an aerospace engineer and his mother was a teacher before raising her children.
<William_Steffe>	William Steffe (c.1830 – c.1890), born in South Carolina, United States, was a Philadelphia bookkeeper and insurance agent.  He is credited with collecting and editing the musical tune for a camp-meeting song with the traditional "Glory Hallelujah" refrain, in about 1856.  It opened with  "Say, brothers, will you meet us / on Canaan's happy shore?"  The tune became widely known.Early in the American Civil War, this tune was used to create the Union army marching song "John Brown's Body", which begins with the lyrics "John Brown's body lies a-mouldering in the grave, but his soul goes marching on."In November 1861, Julia Ward Howe, having heard this version, used the tune as the basis of her new verse, later known as "The Battle Hymn of the Republic".
<Sloan_Nibley>	Alexander Sloan Nibley  (June 23, 1908 – April 3, 1990) was an American screenwriter. He was the older brother of famed Latter Day Saint scholar Hugh Nibley.Born in Portland, Oregon to Alexander ("El") and Agnes "Sloanie" Nibley, Nibley served in the Navy in New York in 1945 before beginning his career. Nibley served as screenwriter for over twenty films including Springfield Rifle, Carson City, the remake of The Golden Stallion, and Eyes of Texas (1948), a film starring Roy Rogers. He also wrote for numerous TV series, including Sea Hunt, Sky King, Wagon Train, and The Addams Family.Nibley married actress Linda Stirling in 1946 with whom he had two children, Chris and Tim. He died on April 3, 1990, in Los Angeles, California.
<Aston_Villa_F.C.>	Aston Villa Football Club is a professional football club based in Aston, Birmingham, England. The club competes in the Premier League, the top tier of the English football league system. Founded in 1874, they have played at their home ground, Villa Park, since 1897. Aston Villa are one of the oldest and most successful clubs in England, being a founding member of the Football League in 1888 and of the Premier League in 1992.They are one of the five English clubs to have won the European Cup, in 1981–82. They have also won the Football League First Division seven times, the FA Cup seven times, the League Cup five times, and the European (UEFA) Super Cup once. The club is currently ranked 5th in the all-time English top flight table, since its creation in 1888.
<Italy_national_under-19_football_team>	The Italy national under-19 football team is the national under-19 football team of Italy and is controlled by the Italian Football Federation.The team competes in the UEFA European Under-19 Championship, held every year.
<Rachael_Leigh_Cook>	Rachael Leigh Cook (born October 4, 1979) is an American actress and model. She has starred in the films The Baby-Sitters Club (1995), She's All That (1999), and Josie and the Pussycats (2001), and in the television series Into the West and Perception. She is also the voice behind various characters in Robot Chicken and Tifa Lockhart in the Final Fantasy series, starting with the English version of the film Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children.Rachael Leigh Cook was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, the daughter of Thomas Howard Cook, a social worker and former stand-up comedian, and JoAnn, a cooking instructor and weaver. She is of part-Italian descent. Cook first appeared in a public service announcement for foster care at seven years of age, and began working as a child print model at the age of 10, including nationwide advertisements for Target and appearing on the boxes of Milk-Bone dog biscuits.  She attended Clara Barton Open School, Laurel Springs School, and Minneapolis South High School.[citation needed]
<Richard_Dalitz>	Richard Henry Dalitz, FRS (28 February 1925 – 13 January 2006) was an Australian physicist known for his work in particle physics.Born in the town of Dimboola, Victoria, Dalitz studied physics and mathematics at Melbourne University before moving to the United Kingdom in 1946, to study at the University of Cambridge. His PhD was awarded in 1950 for research on zero-zero transitions in the atomic nucleus supervised by Nicholas Kemmer.
<1ZM_(New_Zealand)>	1ZM was a radio station in Auckland, New Zealand operated by Radio New Zealand and was originally part of the ZM group of stations and later became the very first Classic Hits station. Today this station is owned by New Zealand Media and Entertainment and is host station of The Hits network.The ZM name derives from the original 1ZM radio station founded by W.W. (Bill) Rodgers in the late 1920s in Manurewa, then a farming village south of Auckland. The original station broadcast on 1250AM.
<Mark_M._Green>	Mark Mordecai Green (born April 6, 1937) is an American chemist, writer and professor of chemical and biomolecular engineering at the New York University Tandon School of Engineering. He is best known for his extensive work on stereochemistry and also for his book Organic Chemistry Principles in Context: A Story Telling Historical Approach, which he uses in teaching organic chemistry in an unprecedented way.Green was born on the Lower East Side of Manhattan and grew up in a low-income project in Brooklyn where he attended local schools. He attended City College of New York from 1954 to 1958.
<John_Douglas_Simon>	John D. Simon (born February 11, 1957) was the 14th President of Lehigh University in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. He became Lehigh's president on July 1, 2015 and stepped down on June 30, 2021. Prior to his current position, Simon served as executive vice president and provost at the University of Virginia.Born in 1957, Simon received his B.A. in Chemistry from Williams College in 1979 and his Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1983. After a postdoctoral fellowship at UCLA, he joined the Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry at the University of California-San Diego in 1985, and then moved to Duke University as the George B. Geller Professor in 1998.Simon's research interests for the past decade have been focused on understanding the structure and function of human pigmentation. Most recently, he has been collaborating with scientists from around the world to study the only known intact pigments recovered from the Jurassic period.
<Arne_Henriksen>	Arne Henriksen (born 26 February 1944) is a Norwegian architect who has designed many Norwegian railway stations. He worked at NSB Arkitektkontor from 1975 til 1989, and thereafter in private practice. He is a three-time winner of the Houen Fund Certificate for outstanding architecture, awarded by the National Association of Norwegian Architects.This article about a Norwegian architect is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Civitas_(think_tank)>	Civitas: The Institute for the Study of Civil Society is a British think tank working on issues related to democracy and social policy. It is led by David G. Green.According to ConservativeHome, Civitas "started as the Health & Welfare Unit of the Institute of Economic Affairs, but divorced from it in order to grow and because libertarian elements within the IEA disapproved on the focus on non-narrowly economic issues."In 2009, their income was £975,311 and staff size was 19.
<Wendy_Hughes>	Wendy Hughes (29 July 1952 – 8 March 2014) was an Australian actress known for her work in theatre, film and television. Her career spanned more than forty years and established her reputation as one of Australia's finest and most prolific actors. In her later career she acted in Happy New Year along with stars Peter Falk and Charles Durning. In 1993 she played Dr. Carol Blythe, M. E. in Homicide: Life on the Street. In the late 1990s, she starred in State Coroner and Paradise Road.Born in Melbourne, Australia to English-born parents, Hughes originally studied to become a ballerina but during her teenage years she turned her focus to acting and later graduated from the National Institute of Dramatic Art (NIDA) and, after honing her skills with the Melbourne Theatre Company, had her first film role in Petersen (1974). During the early 1970s she also had her first television parts, including appearing in Power Without Glory, a television series first broadcast in 1976.
<Davey_Holmes>	Davey Holmes (born October 4, 1969 in Massachusetts) is an American screenwriter, producer and playwright. He is the creator and executive producer of the television show Get Shorty on Epix.Holmes began his writing career in New York City with a production of his original play More Lies About Jerzy (2001) at the Vineyard Theatre starring Jared Harris, and later productions of the play in London at the New End Theatre and in Los Angeles at the Hayworth Theatre. See reviews for all productions. More Lies About Jerzy is published by Broadway Play Publishing Inc.Holmes also works extensively in television. H was Executive Producer of Shameless (Showtime).  Other shows he has written for include In Treatment (HBO) for which he won a Writers Guild of America Award for Best Screenplay - New Series, Damages (FX) for which he received a nomination for Writers Guild of America Award for Best Screenplay - New Series, Pushing Daisies (ABC), Awake,  (NBC), Chicago Code,  (FOX) 3 lbs (CBS) and Law & Order (NBC).
<Humboldt_Prize>	The Humboldt Prize, the Humboldt-Forschungspreis in German, also known as the Humboldt Research Award, is an award given by the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation of Germany to internationally renowned scientists and scholars who work outside of Germany in recognition of their lifetime's research achievements. Recipients are "academics whose fundamental discoveries, new theories or insights have had a significant impact on their own discipline and who are expected to continue producing cutting-edge academic achievements in the future". The prize is currently valued at €60,000 with the possibility of further support during the prize winner's life. Up to one hundred such awards are granted each year. Nominations must be submitted by established academics in Germany.The award is named after the Prussian naturalist and explorer Alexander von Humboldt.
<Robert_E._Lee_(architect)>	Robert Emmett Lee (1870–1925) was a prolific architect in Hattiesburg, Mississippi.He was a native of Meridian, Mississippi.  He died suddenly at his home at 463 Southern Avenue, Hattiesburg, when talking with one of his daughters, at age 54.Lee designed many works in Hattiesburg, but also elsewhere in South Mississippi, and in Columbus, Mississippi (replacing buildings destroyed by a fire). At least three of his works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
<Leo_Butler>	Leo Butler (born 1974 in Sheffield) is a British playwright. His plays have been staged, among others, by the Royal Court, the Royal Shakespeare Company and the Almeida Theatre. His plays have been published by Bloomsbury A & C Black. His 2001 play Redundant won the George Devine Award.  Between 2005 and 2014 he was Playwriting Tutor for the Royal Court Young Writers Programme.
<John_McKinley>	John McKinley (May 1, 1780 – July 19, 1852) was a United States Senator from the state of Alabama and an associate justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.McKinley was born in Culpeper County, Virginia, on May 1, 1780, to Andrew McKinley and Mary (Logan) McKinley (sister of Benjamin Logan). His family moved to Kentucky in 1783. There, he read law and was admitted to the bar in 1800, practicing in Frankfort and in Louisville. In 1818, he moved to Alabama. He established legal practice in Huntsville, and also actively engaged in land speculation.
<Mel_Bourne>	Mel Bourne (November 22, 1923 – January 14, 2003) was an American production designer and art director. He was nominated for three Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction. He was born Melvin B. Bornstein in Chicago, Illinois, the son of Frieda and Max Bornstein.Bourne married actress Sarah Marshall June 13, 1952. They had one child, Timothy Bourne, and they divorced in 1957.
<Maxine_Elliott_Theatre>	Maxine Elliott's Theatre was originally a Broadway theatre at 109 West 39th Street in the Midtown Manhattan neighborhood of New York City. Built in 1908, it was designed by architect Benjamin Marshall of the Chicago-based firm Marshall and Fox, who modeled the façade after the neoclassical Petit Trianon in Versailles. In later years, it was known as WOR Mutual Radio Theatre (1941–1944), CBS Radio Playhouse No. 5 (1944–1948), and CBS Television Studio No. 44 or CBS Television Studio Studio 51 (1948–1956). The theater was demolished in 1960 to make way for the Springs Mills Building.The theatre was named for American actress Maxine Elliott, who originally owned a 50 percent interest in it, in partnership with The Shubert Organization. Elliott was one of the few women theater managers of her time. She leased it to the Federal Theatre in 1936; the following year, it was shut down by the government on the eve on the opening of Orson Welles's production of The Cradle Will Rock.
<Grace_La_Rue>	Grace La Rue (born Stella Parsons; April 23, 1882 – March 13, 1956) was an American actress, singer, and vaudeville headliner.Grace La Rue was born Stella Parsons in Kansas City, Missouri, on April 23, 1882, to Lucy L. Parsons.[citation needed]
<Nissan_Skyline>	The Nissan Skyline (Japanese: 日産・スカイライン, Hepburn: Nissan Sukairain) is a brand of automobile originally produced by the Prince Motor Company starting in 1957, and then by Nissan after the two companies merged in 1967. After the merger, the Skyline and its larger counterpart, the Nissan Gloria, were sold in Japan at dealership sales channels called Nissan Prince Shop.The Skyline was largely designed and engineered by Shinichiro Sakurai from inception, and he remained a chief influence of the car until his death in 2011.
<Sam_Hammam>	Samir Georges Nassib Hammam (Arabic: سمير همام, born 17 July 1947) is a Lebanese businessman, well known for his high-profile involvement in British football clubs, and who most recently relinquished the life presidency of Cardiff City in March 2022 following a legal dispute.Originally moving to the area due to being a keen tennis fan, Hammam became involved in football by buying £40,000 worth of shares at non-league Wimbledon F.C. in two years, eventually taking full control of the club in 1977.
<William_Alfred_Fowler>	William Alfred Fowler (9 August 1911 – 14 March 1995) was an American nuclear physicist, later astrophysicist, who, with Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar, won the 1983 Nobel Prize in Physics. He is known for his theoretical and experimental research into nuclear reactions within stars and the energy elements produced in the process and was one of the authors of the influential B2FH paper.On 9 August 1911, Fowler was born in Pittsburgh. Fowler's parents were John MacLeod Fowler and Jennie Summers Watson. Fowler was the eldest of his siblings, Arthur and Nelda.The family moved to Lima, Ohio, a steam railroad town, when Fowler was two years old. Growing up near the Pennsylvania Railroad yard influenced Fowler's interest in locomotives. In 1973, he travelled to the Soviet Union just to observe the steam engine that powered the Trans-Siberian Railway plying the nearly 2,500-kilometre (1,600 mi) route that connects Khabarovsk and Moscow.
<Luanda>	Coordinates: 8°50′18″S 13°14′04″E﻿ / ﻿8.83833°S 13.23444°E﻿ / -8.83833; 13.23444Luanda (/luˈændə, -ˈɑːn-/) is the capital and largest city in Angola. It is Angola's primary port, and its major industrial, cultural and urban centre. Located on Angola's northern Atlantic coast, Luanda is Angola's administrative centre, its chief seaport, and also the capital of the Luanda Province. Luanda and its metropolitan area is the most populous Portuguese-speaking capital city in the world and the most populous Lusophone city outside Brazil, with over 8.3 million inhabitants in 2020 (a third of Angola's population). Among the oldest colonial cities of Africa, it was founded in January 1576 as São Paulo da Assunção de Loanda by Portuguese explorer Paulo Dias de Novais. The city served as the centre of the slave trade to Brazil before its prohibition. At the start of the Angolan Civil War in 1975, most of the white Portuguese left as refugees, principally for Portugal. Luanda's population increased greatly from refugees fleeing the war, but its infrastructure was inadequate to handle the increase. This also caused the exacerbation of slums, or musseques, around Luanda. The city is undergoing a major reconstruction, with many large developments taking place that will alter its cityscape significantly.
<Rita_Hayworth>	Rita Hayworth (born Margarita Carmen Cansino; October 17, 1918 – May 14, 1987) was an American actress, dancer and producer. She achieved fame during the 1940s as one of the era's top stars, appearing in 61 films over 37 years. The press coined the term "The Love Goddess" to describe Hayworth after she had become the most glamorous screen idol of the 1940s. She was the top pin-up girl for GIs during World War II.Hayworth is perhaps best known for her performance in the 1946 film noir Gilda, opposite Glenn Ford, in which she played the femme fatale in her first major dramatic role. She is also known for her performances in Only Angels Have Wings (1939), The Strawberry Blonde (1941), Blood and Sand (1941), The Lady from Shanghai (1947), Pal Joey (1957), and Separate Tables (1958). Fred Astaire, with whom she made two films, You'll Never Get Rich (1941) and You Were Never Lovelier (1942), once called her his favorite dance partner. She also starred in the Technicolor musical Cover Girl (1944), with Gene Kelly. She is listed as one of the top 25 female motion picture stars of all time in the American Film Institute's survey, AFI's 100 Years...100 Stars.
<John_Simpson_(artist)>	John Philip Simpson (1782–1847) was a British painter, known for his portraits.Simpson was born in London in 1782 and was a student at the Royal Academy and for some years an assistant to Sir Thomas Lawrence, PRA. He obtained some success as a portrait-painter, and eventually a very large practice. From 1807 to his death he was a frequent exhibitor at the Royal Academy and other exhibitions. In 1834 he received a commission to go to Portugal, and painted portraits at Lisbon, where he was appointed painter to the queen of Portugal.
<Liliane_Bettencourt>	Liliane Henriette Charlotte Bettencourt (French pronunciation: ​[lil.jan be.tɑ̃.kuːʁ]; née Schueller; 21 October 1922 – 21 September 2017) was a French heiress, socialite and businesswoman. She was one of the principal shareholders of L'Oréal. At the time of her death, she was the richest woman, and the 14th richest person in the world, with a net worth of US$44.3 billion.She was born Liliane Henriette Charlotte Schueller on 21 October 1922 in Paris, the only child of Louise Madeleine Berthe (née Doncieux) and Eugène Schueller, the founder of L'Oréal, one of the world's largest cosmetics and beauty companies. When Liliane was five years old, her mother died, and she formed a close bond with her father, who later married Liliane's British governess. At the age of 15, she joined her father's company as an apprentice, mixing cosmetics and labelling bottles of shampoo.
<Hong_Shen>	Hong Shen (Chinese: 洪深; Wade–Giles: Hung Shen; 31 December 1894 – 29 August 1955) was a Chinese playwright, film director and screenwriter, film and drama theorist, and educator. He is considered by drama historians as one of the three founders of Chinese spoken drama, together with Tian Han and Ouyang Yuqian. He wrote the first Chinese film script, Mrs. Shentu.Hong Shen was born in Wujin, Jiangsu Province, Qing Empire on 31 December 1894. After attending secondary schools in Shanghai and Tianjin, he entered the newly founded Tsinghua School (now Tsinghua University) in 1912, and graduated in 1916.  He then left for the United States to study ceramic engineering at Ohio State University on a Boxer Indemnity Scholarship. While there, he wrote and produced two plays in English. A cast of Chinese students from OSU and Oberlin College performed one of them, The Wedded Husband, in April 1919 to an audience of 1300 in the university chapel. It was probably the first play written by a citizen of China to be performed in the United States. In the fall of 1919, he transferred to Harvard University and was selected as one of "Baker's Dozen" to study drama under Professor George Pierce Baker.Hong Shen returned to China in 1922, with the ambition of becoming China's Ibsen. He taught Western Literature at Fudan University in Shanghai, as well as several other universities. He wrote and acted in the play Yama Zhao in 1923, which strongly opposed the brutal warfare that plagued China at the time, which is now known as the Warlord Era. The play was well received and established his reputation as a playwright. He joined the Shanghai Association for Dramatists, and made a number of plays, including The Young Mistress's Fan, which was adapted from Oscar Wilde's Lady Windermere's Fan. The play was tremendously popular and was highly influential to the development of modern drama in China.
<Running_With_Scissors_(company)>	Running with Scissors (RWS) is an American video game developer based in Tucson, Arizona. It was founded in 1996 by Vince Desi through a business decision of Riedel Software Productions, a maker of child-friendly games. RWS created and maintains the Postal franchise, which has often caused controversy for its use of violence. RWS' first game was Postal in 1997, which caused much controversy and a trademark lawsuit from the United States Postal Service that lasted until 2003. A potential second game, Flesh and Wire, was canceled in 1999. The company followed up Postal with Postal 2 in 2003. The third game in the series, Postal III, was co-developed by RWS and an internal team of publisher Akella, and RWS distanced itself from the game due to poor critical reception. RWS most recently worked on Postal 4: No Regerts, which was released in 2022, and the spin-off Postal: Brain Damaged.Running with Scissors (RWS) was founded by Vincent James Desiderio Jr., a native of Brooklyn with Italian roots. Early in his life, he picked up a high-school teaching career before quitting a semester later and working several different jobs, including taxi driver and manager of a recording studio. While a recruiter on Wall Street, he adopted the short name "Vince Desi" upon request from his boss. Eventually, while seeking to hire workers in the computer industry, Desi became involved with and later a consultant for the video game company Atari. He befriended one of his hires, recent Rochester Institute of Technology dropout Mike Riedel, with whom he founded Riedel Software Productions (RSP) after Atari faced financial instability. RSP specialized in developing edutainment games for children and games based on licensed properties on a work-for-hire basis, with its early games including Spy vs. Spy (its first game, developed for the magazine Mad in 1985), Tom & Jerry, and Bobby's World, as well as other games developed for Sesame Street, Hanna-Barbera, The Walt Disney Company, Warner Bros., and the World Wrestling Federation, among others. Because Desi had no knowledge of programming and little interest in video games, he handled business affairs for the company, while Riedel was in charge of creative operations.
<Shayda_Award>	Shayda Award (Gujarati:શયદા ઍવોર્ડ) is an annual award given to a young Gujarati ghazal poet. It was founded by the INT Aditya Birla Centre for Performing Arts & Research. The award is named after Gujarati ghazal poet Harji Lavji Damani, known by his pen name Shayda. A prize of ₹ 10000 is awarded to recognize and promote Gujarati ghazal poets.The Shayda Award has been granted annually since 1998 to the following people:
<London_Transport_Executive>	The London Transport Executive was the organisation responsible for public transport in Greater London, England between 1948 and 1962. In common with all London transport authorities from 1933 to 2000, the public name and operational brand of the organisation was London Transport.On 1 January 1948, pursuant to the Transport Act 1947, the London Passenger Transport Board (LPTB) was nationalised and renamed the London Transport Executive (LTE), becoming a subsidiary organisation of the British Transport Commission, which was formed on the same day. Another subsidiary of the commission was the Railway Executive (which traded as British Railways), which meant that London Transport and the main-line railways were under the same management for the first and last time in their respective histories.
<Katie_Holmes>	Kate Noelle Holmes (born December 18, 1978) is an American actress. She first achieved fame as Joey Potter on the television series Dawson's Creek (1998–2003).Holmes made her feature film debut in 1997 with a supporting role in Ang Lee's The Ice Storm. A mixture of parts in big-budget and small-scale film projects came next, including Go, Teaching Mrs. Tingle (both 1999), Wonder Boys, The Gift (both 2000), Abandon, Phone Booth (both 2002), The Singing Detective, Pieces of April (both 2003), First Daughter (2004), Batman Begins, Thank You for Smoking (both 2005), Mad Money (2008), Don't Be Afraid of the Dark (2010), Jack and Jill (2011), Miss Meadows (2014), Woman in Gold, Touched with Fire (both 2015), Logan Lucky (2017), Dear Dictator (2018), Coda (2019), Brahms: The Boy II, and The Secret: Dare to Dream (both 2020).
<Pie_Face>	The Pie Face chain, founded in 2003 in Sydney, Australia, by Wayne Homschek, predominantly sells various type of pies and coffee. Following a period of rapid growth in Australia and overseas, the company entered administration in 2014 and the majority of the chain's stores closed. In April 2017, it was acquired by United Petroleum for an undisclosed sum. Between 2018 and 2020, Pie Face opened over 200 locations across Australia. As of December 2020, Pie Face operated 240 locations.Pie Face was established in 2003, and rapidly expanded. After opening a number of stores in Australia, it established stores in New York City during 2012 and New Zealand in late 2013. At its peak the chain had 80 stores in Australia and the United States, and planned to open a further 100 worldwide. Pie Face received $A35 million in funding, including from a number of high-profile investors who hoped that it would be eventually listed on the stock market.
<Ilo_Mitkë_Qafëzezi>	Ilo Mitkë Qafëzezi (1889–1964) was a prolific Albanian writer of historical and religious subjects.Ilo Mitkë Qafëzezi was born in 1889 in Korçë, Albania (then Ottoman Empire), to a family of mixed Albanian–Aromanian origins. He emigrated to Romania when he was thirteen and then to the United States. In 1924, he returned to Korçë, where he worked as a teacher and later as the school director of the Romanian school of the city, in use mostly by the Aromanian local community. Until World War II, he was known as the foremost Albanian biographer.An autodidact, Qafëzezi was very prolific in his publications in several literary and historical periodicals and bulletins. He also published important historical works on Moscopole, Berat and Vithkuq, and he discovered manuscripts of Theodore Kavalliotis's work, as well as a copy of the first edition of the Εισαγωγική Διδασκαλία ("Introductory instruction") of Daniel Moscopolites, published in Venice in 1794. Later, he discovered manuscripts of Kostandin Berati, as well as the primer of Naum Veqilharxhi, dated 1844. Qafëzezi translated into Albanian the Alipashiad, a poem on Ali Pasha of Tepelena, written originally in Greek, by Haxhi Shehreti. He also discovered an original Aromanian liturgical text from the 18th century known as the Aromanian Missal, which was posteriorly published by the Aromanian linguist Matilda Caragiu Marioțeanu [ro] in 1962.
<University_of_Chicago>	The University of Chicago (UChicago, Chicago, U of C, or UChi) is a private research university in Chicago, Illinois. Its main campus is located in Chicago's Hyde Park neighborhood. The University of Chicago is consistently ranked among the best universities in the world and it is among the most selective in the United States.The university is composed of an undergraduate college and five graduate research divisions, which contain all of the university's graduate programs and interdisciplinary committees. Chicago has eight professional schools: the Law School, the Booth School of Business, the Pritzker School of Medicine, the Crown Family School of Social Work, Policy, and Practice, the Harris School of Public Policy, the Divinity School, the Graham School of Continuing Liberal and Professional Studies, and the Pritzker School of Molecular Engineering. The university has additional campuses and centers in London, Paris, Beijing, Delhi, and Hong Kong, as well as in downtown Chicago.
<Caio_Blat>	Caio Blat de Oliveira (born 2 June 1980) is a Brazilian actor.Blat was born in São Paulo, Brazil. He studied law at the University of São Paulo, the largest and one of the most prestigious universities in Brazil, but dropped out because of his acting career.Caio is cousin of the playwright Rogério Blat and of the also actor Ricardo Blat. The surname Blat is of Catalan origin and means 'wheat'.
<Chad_Michael_Murray>	Chad Michael Murray (born August 24, 1981) is an American actor and writer. He is best known for playing Lucas Scott in The WB/CW drama series One Tree Hill (2003–09, 2012), a recurring role as Tristin DuGray on The WB/CW series Gilmore Girls (2000–01), and Charlie Todd in the fifth season of The WB series Dawson's Creek (2001–02). He had supporting roles in the films Freaky Friday (2003), A Cinderella Story (2004), House of Wax (2005), and Fruitvale Station (2013). Murray appeared in a supporting role in the Marvel/ABC series Agent Carter (2015–16), and had a recurring role as Edgar Evernever in Riverdale (2019).He has written two novels, Everlast (2011) and American Drifter (2017); the latter was co-authored with the novelist Heather Graham.
<Ol_Parker>	Oliver Parker (born 2 June 1969) is a British director, producer and screenwriter. He wrote and directed the 2018 musical film Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again.Parker was born in London, England, and brought up in the village of Radwinter, near the market town of Saffron Walden in Essex.
<Tom_Regan>	Tom Regan (/ˈreɪɡən/; November 28, 1938 – February 17, 2017) was an American philosopher who specialized in animal rights theory. He was professor emeritus of philosophy at North Carolina State University, where he had taught from 1967 until his retirement in 2001.Regan was the author of numerous books on the philosophy of animal rights, including The Case for Animal Rights (1983), one of a handful of studies that have significantly influenced the modern animal rights movement. In these, he argued that non-human animals are what he called the "subjects-of-a-life", just as humans are, and that, if we want to ascribe value to all human beings regardless of their ability to be rational agents, then to be consistent, we must similarly ascribe it to non-humans.From 1985, he served with his wife Nancy as co-founder and co-president of the Culture and Animals Foundation, a nonprofit organization "committed to fostering the growth of intellectual and artistic endeavors united by a positive concern for animals."
<Conrad_Hall>	Conrad Lafcadio Hall, ASC (June 21, 1926 – January 4, 2003) was a French Polynesian-born American cinematographer. Named after writers Joseph Conrad and Lafcadio Hearn, he was best known for photographing such films as In Cold Blood, Cool Hand Luke, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, American Beauty, and Road to Perdition. For his work he garnered a number of awards, including three Academy Awards and three BAFTA Awards.In 2003, Hall was judged to be one of history's ten most influential cinematographers in a survey of the members of the International Cinematographers Guild. He has been given a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
<Uniface_(programming_language)>	Uniface is a low-code development and deployment platform for enterprise applications that can run in a large range of runtime environments, including mobile, mainframe, web, Service-oriented architecture (SOA), Windows, Java EE, and .NET.  Uniface is used to create mission-critical applications.Uniface applications are database- and platform-independent. Uniface provides an integration framework that enables Uniface applications to integrate with all major DBMS products such as Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL and IBM Db2. In addition, Uniface also supports file systems such as RMS (HP OpenVMS), Sequential files, operating system text files and a wide range of other technologies, such as IBM mainframe-based products (CICS, IMS), web services, SMTP, POP email, LDAP directories, .NET, ActiveX, Component Object Model (COM), C(++) programs, and Java. Uniface operates under Microsoft Windows, various flavors of Unix, Linux, CentOS and IBM i.Uniface can be used in complex systems that maintain critical enterprise data supporting mission-critical business processes such as point-of sale and web-based online shopping, financial transactions, salary administration, and inventory control. It is currently used by thousands of companies in more than 30 countries, with an effective installed base of millions of end-users. Uniface applications range from client/server to web, and from data entry to workflow, as well as portals that are accessed locally, via intranets and the internet.
<Bob_Kahn>	Robert Elliot Kahn (born December 23, 1938) is an American electrical engineer who, along with Vint Cerf, first proposed the Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) and the Internet Protocol (IP), the fundamental communication protocols at the heart of the Internet.In 2004, Kahn won the Turing Award with Vint Cerf for their work on TCP/IP.
<IEEE_Emanuel_R._Piore_Award>	The IEEE Emanuel R. Piore Award was a Technical Field Award given each year by the IEEE to an individual or team of two people who have made outstanding contributions to information processing systems in relation to computer science. The award was discontinued in 2012.The award was established in 1976 and named in honor of Emanuel R. Piori. It could have be presented to an individual or a team of two. Recipients of this award received a bronze medal, certificate, and honorarium.The following people received the IEEE Emanuel R. Piore Award:
<William_Hutcheon_Hall>	Admiral Sir William Hutcheon Hall, KCB, FRS (c. 1797 – 25 June 1878), was a British Royal Navy officer. He served in the First Anglo-Chinese War and Crimean War. He was one of the first British officers to make a thorough study of steam engines. In China, he commanded the iron steamship Nemesis of the East India Company. Although it was not officially commissioned as a Royal Navy warship, the Admiralty enabled Hall to count his time in the Nemesis as if he had served in one of Her Majesty's Ships.Hall was born circa 1797 in Berwick, Northumberland, England, to William Hall and his wife Mary (née Hutcheon). He joined the Royal Navy on 24 October 1811 as a first-class volunteer on board HMS Warrior under Captains George Byng and John Tremayne Rodd. In 1816–17, he served as a midshipman under Captain Basil Hall, with whom he attended William Amherst's embassy visit to China. After returning to England in November 1817, he was appointed to the frigate, HMS Iphigenia, under Captain Robert Mends in the West Africa Squadron. He was later promoted as master of the sloop, HMS Morgiana. In this rank, he served in the British West Indies, Mediterranean, and Home stations until 1836. After studying steam engines in Glasgow, Scotland, and on board steamers trading to Ireland, he travelled to the United States, where he was employed in steamboats on the Delaware and Hudson.
<Norwalk,_Connecticut>	Norwalk is a city located in southwestern Connecticut, United States, in southern Fairfield County, on the northern shore of Long Island Sound. Norwalk lies within both the New York metropolitan area and the Bridgeport metropolitan area.Norwalk was originally settled in 1649, and is the sixth most populous city in Connecticut. According to the 2020 United States Census, it has a population of 91,184.
<Ernest_Carr>	Ernest "Ernie" Shoebridge Carr (28 September 1875 – 17 September 1956) was an Australian politician. He was a member of the Australian House of Representatives from 1906 until 1917 for the electorate of Macquarie, representing the Australian Labor Party until the 1916 Labor split and thereafter joining the new Nationalist Party. He was later a Nationalist member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1920 to 1922, representing the electorate of Cumberland.Carr was born in Dubbo, New South Wales, the son of a soap manufacturer. He was educated at state schools until the age of 14, when he left school to work in his father's factory. He took over a Dubbo real estate agency at the age of 19 but sold out two years later and entered into partnership as a building contractor at Bourke, with the Bourke Lands Office and Wentworth Post Office among Carr's projects. At 23, he then bought the Orange-based newspaper The Leader and converted it from a bi-weekly into a daily. He edited The Leader for seven years, but sold the newspaper after his election to parliament.
<Park_Hee-soon>	Park Hee-soon (Korean: 박희순; born February 13, 1970) is a South Korean actor. He graduated with a Theater degree from Seoul Institute of the Arts, and was a member of the Mokwha Repertory Company from 1990 to 2001. He became active in film beginning 2002, and won several Best Supporting Actor awards for his portrayal of a tough cop in Seven Days (2007). He received further acting recognitions for his roles in the films The Scam (2009) and 1987: When the Day Comes (2017). Apart from his film career, Park starred in television series All About My Romance  (2013), The Missing (2015), Beautiful World (2019), and My Name (2021), the lattermost of which brought him international attention.
<Billy_Liar>	Billy Liar is a 1959 novel by Keith Waterhouse that was later adapted into a play, a film, a musical and a TV series. The work has inspired and been featured in a number of popular songs.The semi-comical story is about William Fisher, a working-class 19-year-old living with his parents in the fictional town of Stradhoughton in Yorkshire. Bored by his job as a lowly clerk for an undertaker, Billy spends his time indulging in fantasies and dreams of life in the big city as a comedy writer.
<Talia_Shire>	Talia Rose Shire (née Coppola; born April 25, 1946) is an American actress who played roles as Connie Corleone in The Godfather films and Adrian Balboa in the Rocky series. For her work in The Godfather Part II and Rocky, Shire was nominated for  Academy Awards for Best Supporting Actress and Best Actress, respectively, and for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Drama for her role in Rocky.Shire was born Talia Rose Coppola in Lake Success, New York, in 1946, the only daughter of Italia (née Pennino) and arranger/composer Carmine Coppola. Her paternal grandparents came to the United States from Bernalda, Basilicata. Her maternal grandfather, popular Italian composer Francesco Pennino, emigrated from Naples, Italy. She is the sister of director and producer Francis Ford Coppola and academic August Coppola, the aunt of actor Nicolas Cage and director Sofia Coppola, and the niece of composer and conductor Anton Coppola.She has three children. Her son Matthew Orlando Shire is the child of her first marriage to composer David Shire. Her other sons, actors/musicians Jason and Robert, are from her second marriage, to the film producer Jack Schwartzman.
<Dickson_Prize>	The Dickson Prize in Medicine and the Dickson Prize in Science were both established in 1969 by Joseph Z. Dickson and Agnes Fischer Dickson.The Dickson Prize in Medicine is awarded annually by the University of Pittsburgh and recognizes US citizens who have made "significant, progressive contributions" to medicine. The award includes $50,000, a bronze medal, and the Dickson Prize Lecture.  Receiving the Dickson Prize in Medicine is strongly correlated with receiving the Lasker Award and the Nobel Prize.Source: University of Pittsburgh
<Roopak_Saluja>	Roopak Saluja (born 25 July 1975) is an Indian media entrepreneur and angel investor. He is the Founder & CEO of BANG BANG, a Mumbai-Los Angeles production company, and the Founder & Chairman of The 120 Media Collective, a communications & content group comprising subsidiaries, Jack in the Box Worldwide and Sooperfly. He has been featured in every edition of Campaign India's A-List of the Most Influential People in India's Advertising, Media & Marketing Industry since 2010, Campaign Asia-Pacific's ‘40 Under 40’ in 2014 and IMPACT Magazine’s Digital Power 100 since 2014.
<The_Odd_Women>	The Odd Women is an 1893 novel by the English novelist George Gissing. Its themes are the role of women in society, marriage, morals and the early feminist movement.The novel's title is derived ostensibly from the notion that there was an excess of one million women over men in Victorian England. This meant there were "odd" women left over at the end of the equation when the other men and women had paired off in marriage. A cross-section of women dealing with this problem are described in the book and it can be inferred that their lifestyles also set them apart as odd in the sense of strange.
<Vera_McGinnis>	Vera McGinnis (12 November 1892 – 23 October 1990) was a champion American rodeo rider.  She was inducted into the National Cowgirl Museum and Hall of Fame in 1979, and into the Rodeo Hall of Fame of the National Cowboy & Western Heritage Museum Rodeo Hall of Fame in 1985.McGinnis lived in the town she was born in Missouri, until her family moved to New Mexico when she was three.  After her father died, and subsequently her mother married her uncle, they moved around from town to town for his work.  Her father and stepfather encouraged McGinnis to ride.  Despite all the moving around, she always had access to a horse and learned how to ride astride, instead of side saddle, as was common for women. McGinnis was almost 13 when she rode in her first competition in Norborne, Missouri.In 1914 McGinnis married Earl Simpson, a rodeo cowboy.  According to McGinnis, "I was very happy, although I cried during the service- probably because it wasn't the way I'd always dreamed my wedding would be.  Also because I felt I'd pushed Earl into taking the final step- and that wasn't the way I'd been taught it should be, either."  Simpson wanted to settle on a ranch or homestead but McGinnis was able to make him agree to doing rodeos during the summer.  In 1917, Simpson was drafted for the military.   The military ended up turning Simpson away, but when he didn't want to follow rodeos, McGinnis went by herself.  After a few years of living separate lives, McGinnis and Simpson divorced in 1921.  In 1931, McGinnis married again. Her marriage to Homer Farra lasted until her death.
<Anna_Finocchiaro>	Anna Finocchiaro Fidelbo (Italian pronunciation: [ˈanna finokˈkjaːro]; born 31 March 1955) is an Italian politician. She was the Democratic Party's leader in the Senate from 2007 to 2013. She served as Minister for Equal Opportunities in the cabinet of Romano Prodi from 1996 to 1998.Born in Modica, Finocchiaro graduated in law in 1978, and she worked for the Banca d'Italia's branch in Savona before becoming a magistrate in Leonforte in 1982. She served as a magistrate until 1985, when she was appointed as a deputy public prosecutor at the court of Catania. She was first elected to the Chamber of Deputies as a member of the Italian Communist Party in 1987; she was elected to Catania's council in 1988. Finocchiaro was later a member of both the Democratic Party of the Left and the Democrats of the Left, and she was a founding member of the Democratic Party (PD) in 2007.Finocchiaro served as Minister for Equal Opportunities in the first cabinet of Romano Prodi from 1996 to 1998. She stood for the Senate for the first time in the 2006 Italian general election; she was named as the group chair of the Olive Tree coalition following her election. Finocchiaro was named the leader of the PD in the Senate following the party's creation in 2007 and was reconfirmed as leader following the 2008 Italian general election. In 2008 she also stood unsuccessfully to be President of Sicily.
<John_Stagliano>	John Stagliano (born November 29, 1951), also known as Buttman, is an American entrepreneur, former pornographic film actor, producer and director who founded and owns the Evil Angel pornographic film studio.Stagliano grew up in the Chicago suburbs, and attended high school from 1965 to 1969. He enrolled in college, but dropped out in 1969 for several semesters. He then went back to college and studied subjects including English, journalism, and engineering, before transferring to UCLA to major in economics. He originally planned to get an economics PhD and become a professor. He then switched to studying theater, playwriting, modern dance and jazz dance, partly because there were more women in those classes. He is of Italian ancestry with some of his grandparents from Florence.
<Max_Planck>	Max Karl Ernst Ludwig Planck ForMemRS (English: /ˈplæŋk/, German: [maks ˈplaŋk] (listen); 23 April 1858 – 4 October 1947) was a German theoretical physicist whose discovery of energy quanta won him the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1918.Planck made many substantial contributions to theoretical physics, but his fame as a physicist rests primarily on his role as the originator of quantum theory, which revolutionized human understanding of atomic and subatomic processes. In 1948, the German scientific institution Kaiser Wilhelm Society (of which Planck was twice president) was renamed Max Planck Society (MPG). The MPG now includes 83 institutions representing a wide range of scientific directions.
<Shinya_Yamanaka>	Shinya Yamanaka (山中 伸弥, Yamanaka Shin'ya, born September 4, 1962) is a Japanese stem cell researcher and a Nobel Prize laureate. He serves as the director of Center for iPS Cell (induced Pluripotent Stem Cell) Research and Application and a professor at the Institute for Frontier Medical Sciences at Kyoto University; as a senior investigator at the UCSF-affiliated Gladstone Institutes in San Francisco, California; and as a professor of anatomy at University of California, San Francisco (UCSF). Yamanaka is also a past president of the International Society for Stem Cell Research (ISSCR).He received the 2010 BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Award in the biomedicine category, the 2011 Wolf Prize in Medicine with Rudolf Jaenisch, and the 2012 Millennium Technology Prize together with Linus Torvalds. In 2012, he and John Gurdon were awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for the discovery that mature cells can be converted to stem cells. In 2013, he was awarded the $3 million Breakthrough Prize in Life Sciences for his work.
<The_Human_Comedy_(novel)>	The Human Comedy is a 1943 novel by William Saroyan. It originated as a 240-page film script written for MGM. Saroyan was planning to produce and direct the film, but he was dropped from the project either because the script was too long or because a short film he directed as a test was not considered acceptable — or both. He walked off the lot, went home, and swiftly created a novelization, which was published just before the film came out. It was the March 1943 Book-of-the-Month Club selection, and became a best-seller a week after its release. Saroyan won the Academy Award for Best Story for the film, The Human Comedy.In 1999 the novels The human comedy, The adventures of Wesley Jackson  and Saroyan's memoirs Here comes, there goes, you know who were translated into Russian and published in Moscow.
<Yost_Ice_Arena>	Yost Ice Arena, formerly the Fielding H. Yost Field House, is an indoor ice hockey arena located on the campus of the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, Michigan.  It is the home of the Michigan Wolverines men's ice hockey team which plays in the Big Ten Conference. The building opened in 1923 and was the home of the men's basketball until the Crisler Center opened in 1967. It was converted for use as an ice arena in 1973 and has been home of the men's ice hockey team since then and to the women's ice hockey club team since their establishment in 1994.Built in 1923 as a field house, the facility is named in honor of Michigan's longtime football coach and athletic director, Fielding H. Yost. For many years, it housed the men's basketball team until they relocated to the larger Crisler Arena in 1967. It also housed the track teams until 1973. In 1973, it was converted into an ice arena, replacing the outdated Michigan Coliseum, and the Michigan hockey team has used it since. The University of Michigan's Senior and Collegiate synchronized skating and freestyle teams also practice at Yost. In addition, local high school teams, recreational leagues (AAAHA) and the university's intramural hockey league call it home.
<Atlético_Clube_de_Portugal>	Atlético Clube de Portugal is a Portuguese club, located in the city of Lisbon, more precisely in the parish of Alcântara. It was founded on 18 September 1942 due to the merger of two clubs of Alcântara (Carcavelinhos Football Club) and Santo Amaro (União Foot-Ball Lisboa). Besides Football, the club also has sections of Futsal and Basketball. In the past the club had sections of Field Hockey, Swimming, Sport Fishing, Cycle-Touring, Table Tennis, Rugby, Volleyball, Gymnastics, Triathlon and Handball.Atlético Clube de Portugal is born after two clubs from the western zone of Lisbon, Carcavelinhos and União, decide to join, to create a bigger and stronger club. In order to make the merger official, the members of Carcavelinhos and the União de Lisboa met in a magna session in the cinematographic hall of the Sociedade Promotora de Educação Popular in Alcântara on the night of 18 September 1942.
<FC_Vorskla_Poltava>	FC Vorskla Poltava (Ukrainian: ФК «Во́рскла» Полта́ва [ˈwɔrsklɐ polˈtɑwɐ]) is a Ukrainian professional football club based in Poltava that competes in the Ukrainian Premier League, the top flight of Ukrainian football.The club draws its history from 1955 when in the city of Poltava was established a football club Kolhospnyk within the republican trade union sports society Kolos. The same year it entered the Football Championship of the Ukrainian SSR where already played one of the older clubs from Poltava, FC Lokomotyv Poltava.In 1957 the club obtained its professional status and was included in the competitions of the Soviet third division (then "Class B"). However, in 1982 the club went into bankruptcy and was dissolved. In 1983 many players moved to play for an amateur football team Kooperator from Poltava that represented the Poltava Institute of Cooperation. During its history for a short period of time from 1968 to 1972, Kolos was also carrying names Silbud and Budivelnyk.
<Stevens_Institute_of_Technology>	Stevens Institute of Technology is a private research university in Hoboken, New Jersey. Founded in 1870, it is one of the oldest technological universities in the United States and was the first college in America solely dedicated to mechanical engineering. The 55-acre campus encompasses Castle Point, the highest point in Hoboken, a campus green and 43 academic, student and administrative buildings.Established through an 1868 bequest from Edwin Augustus Stevens, enrollment at Stevens includes more than 8,000 undergraduate and graduate students representing 47 states and 60 countries throughout Asia, Europe and Latin America. Stevens comprises three schools and one college that deliver technology-based STEM (science, technology, engineering and mathematics) degrees and degrees in business, arts, humanities and social sciences: The Charles V. Schaefer, Jr., School of Engineering and Science, School of Business, School of Systems and Enterprises, and College of Arts and Letters. For undergraduates, Stevens offers the Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.), Bachelor of Science (B.S.) and Bachelor of Arts (B.A.). At the graduate level, Stevens offers programs in engineering, science, systems, engineering, management and the liberal arts. Graduate students can pursue advanced degrees in more than 50 different designations ranging from graduate certificates and master's degrees to Ph.D. levels.
<Miodrag_Radulovacki>	Miodrag (Misha) Radulovacki (Serbian Cyrillic: Миодраг Радуловачки; Serbian Latin: Miodrag Radulovački), was a Serbian American scientist and inventor.  He was Professor of Pharmacology in the College of Medicine at the University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC), Radulovacki's research accomplishments include: (1) the Adenosine Sleep Theory, and (2) pioneering pharmacological studies for the treatment of sleep apnea, together with research collaborator, David W. Carley, (Professor of Medicine at the UIC). Radulovacki and Carley invented several drug therapies for the treatment of sleep apnea which have been patented by the UIC. The UIC recognized them as the 2010 "Inventors of the Year." Radulovacki published more than 170 scientific papers. Radulovacki was also a Foreign Member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts.Miodrag Radulovacki was born on April 28, 1933, in Parage, a village in northwestern Serbia. Both of his parents were elementary school teachers. At the beginning of World War II, Radulovacki's father was drafted into the Yugoslav Army and was later taken prisoner by the invading Germans.[citation needed]In 1943, Radulovacki moved to Sremski Karlovci after his mother accepted a teaching position in the town.  Sremski Karlovci (also known as Karlovci), a baroque Serbian town on the banks of the Danube River, had been home to the Radulovacki family for over 200 years.[citation needed] Radulovacki attended Karlovci High School or "Gymnasium," which is the oldest high school in Serbia. Radulovacki called Karlovci Gymnasium the "Serbian Cambridge and Oxford". Radulovacki graduated as valedictorian of the Karlovci High School Class of 1951. Radulovacki gained admission to the University of Belgrade School of Medicine.
<Nicole_Ari_Parker>	Nicole Ari Parker Kodjoe (born October 7, 1970) is an American actress and model. She made her screen debut with a leading role in the critically acclaimed independent film The Incredibly True Adventure of Two Girls in Love (1995) and went on to appear in Boogie Nights (1997), directed by Paul Thomas Anderson.Parker has starred in a number of movies, including Blue Streak (1999), Remember the Titans (2000), Brown Sugar (2002), Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins (2008), Black Dynamite (2009), and Almost Christmas (2016). On television, Parker played the leading role of attorney Teri Joseph (later Carter) in the Showtime drama series Soul Food (2000–04), for which she received five NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Actress in a Drama Series nominations. She also starred in the short-lived UPN romantic comedy Second Time Around (2004–05) and the ABC drama Time After Time (2017). In 2017, she joined the cast of Fox's prime-time soap opera Empire playing Giselle Barker. She formerly appeared as a recurring character in Chicago P.D. as Deputy Superintendent Samantha Miller and in And Just Like That... as Lisa Todd Wexley.Parker was born in Baltimore, Maryland on October 7, 1970. She is the only child of her divorced parents, health care professional Susan Parker and dentist Donald Parker. After briefly attending a Montessori school, Parker entered Roland Park Country School, where she stayed through high school. At the age of 17, she won Best Actress in the state of Maryland's high school theater competition. She became a member of The Washington Ballet Company before earning an acting degree in 1993 from New York University's Tisch School of the Arts.
<Brookings_Institution>	The Brookings Institution, often stylized as simply Brookings, is an American research group founded in 1916. Located on Think Tank Row in Washington, D.C., the organization conducts research and education in the social sciences, primarily in economics (and tax policy), metropolitan policy, governance, foreign policy, global economy, and economic development. Its stated mission is to "provide innovative and practical recommendations that advance three broad goals: strengthen American democracy; foster the economic and social welfare, security and opportunity of all Americans; and secure a more open, safe, prosperous, and cooperative international system."Brookings has five research programs at its Washington campus: Economic Studies, Foreign Policy, Governance Studies, Global Economy and Development, and Metropolitan Policy. It also established and operated three international centers in Doha, Qatar (Brookings Doha Center); Beijing, China (Brookings-Tsinghua Center for Public Policy); and New Delhi, India (Brookings India). In 2020 and 2021, the institution announced it was separating entirely from its centers in Doha and New Delhi, and transitioning its center in Beijing to an informal partnership with Tsinghua University, known as Brookings-Tsinghua China.
<Saw_Lat_of_Pagan>	Saw Lat (Burmese: စောလတ်, pronounced [sɔ́ laʔ]) was a queen consort of kings Naratheinkha and Sithu II of the Pagan Dynasty of Myanmar (Burma).Royal chronicles do not agree on her ancestry. Maha Yazawin (1724) says she was the younger of the two daughters of Yazathu and Eindawthe, niece of queens Taung Pyinthe and Khin U. But Yazawin Thit (1798) says she was a younger sister of Queen Min Aung Myat. Hmannan Yazawin (1832) sides with Maha Yazawin's account.The queen had a daughter with Naratheinkha but their child died in early 1170s during the reign of Naratheinkha. She died during the reign of Sithu II (after the death of Queen Weluwaddy in 1186), and was succeeded by another queen as the Queen of the Northern Palace.
<Freddie_Prinze_Jr.>	Frederick James Prinze Jr. (born March 8, 1976) is an American actor, television & film producer and screenwriter. He has starred in films such as I Know What You Did Last Summer (1997) and its sequel I Still Know What You Did Last Summer (1998), She's All That (1999), Summer Catch (2001), Scooby-Doo (2002), and its sequel Scooby-Doo 2: Monsters Unleashed (2004). Prinze has also had recurring and starring roles in television shows, including Friends (2002), Boston Legal (2004), Freddie (2005–06) and 24 (2010), and voiced Kanan Jarrus in the Disney XD series Star Wars Rebels. He is the only child of comedian and actor Freddie Prinze.Frederick James Prinze Jr. was born March 8, 1976 in Los Angeles, California, the only child of Katherine Elaine Prinze (née Cochran) and actor and stand-up comedian Freddie Prinze. On January 29, 1977, Freddie Prinze died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound, after which Prinze Jr. relocated with his mother to Albuquerque, New Mexico. He was raised Catholic, embraces his partial Latin ancestry (as his paternal grandmother was Puerto Rican, from Boquerón), and is fluent in Spanish. His mother is of Italian descent. By the age of 15, he was inspired to get into show business after his dying grandfather told him he needed to "fix" what his father had "f'd up." He soon thereafter saw Neil Patrick Harris at his high school getting kids excited about getting into acting, and he decided to do that. After graduating from high school in 1994, Prinze moved to Los Angeles to audition for television roles.
<Metalloinvest>	Metalloinvest Management Company LLC (Russian: Металлоинвест) is a Russian mining and metallurgy company specializing in the manufacture of steel. It was founded in 1999 and is composed of a mining division (Lebedinsky GOK and Mikhailovsky GOK) and a steel division (Oskol Elektrometallurgical Plant (OEMK) and Ural Steel). USM Holdings Business Development owns 100% of Metalloinvest JSC. Alisher Usmanov is the major beneficiary of USM Holdings (60%), with other major beneficiaries — the companies of Andrei Skoch and Farhad Moshiri — owning 30% and 10%, respectively.In August 2021 Bloomberg News announced the first IPO of Metalloinvest in 2022 with around 22 billion dollars due diligence.
<Nobel_Prize_in_Physiology_or_Medicine>	The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine is awarded yearly by the Nobel Assembly at the Karolinska Institute for outstanding discoveries in physiology or medicine. The Nobel Prize is not a single prize, but five separate prizes that, according to Alfred Nobel's 1895 will, are awarded "to those who, during the preceding year, have conferred the greatest benefit to humankind". Nobel Prizes are awarded in the fields of Physics, Chemistry, Physiology or Medicine, Literature, and Peace.The Nobel Prize is presented annually on the anniversary of Alfred Nobel's death, 10 December. As of 2022, 114 Nobel Prizes in Physiology or Medicine have been awarded to 226 laureates, 214 men and 12 women. The first one was awarded in 1901 to the German physiologist, Emil von Behring, for his work on serum therapy and the development of a vaccine against diphtheria. The first woman to receive the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, Gerty Cori, received it in 1947 for her role in elucidating the metabolism of glucose, important in many aspects of medicine, including treatment of diabetes. The most recent Nobel prize was announced by the Karolinska Institute on 3 October 2022, and has been awarded to Swedish Svante Pääbo, for the discoveries concerning the genomes of extinct hominins and human evolution.
<Country_Club_of_Detroit>	Country Club of Detroit, founded in 1897, is a private country club in Grosse Pointe Farms, Michigan. The architectural firm of Smith Hinchman & Grylls, known today as the SmithGroup, designed the Tudor Revival styled country club in 1927. H. S. Colt redesigned the country club's original golf course—designed by Bert Way—in 1912 and his partner Charles Alison later modified the design. In 1952, the club commissioned Robert Trent Jones, Sr. to complete a full redesign, and in 2011, the club fully renovated the course. in order to return to the original Colt and Alison design with a slightly updated interpretation.Country Club of Detroit has twice hosted the U.S. Amateur, first in 1915 where Robert A. Gardner won and again in 1954 when Arnold Palmer won his first USGA title. In 2004 the Country Club of Detroit hosted Turning Point Invitational, which brought many past U.S. Amateur champions together to compete including Phil Mickelson and  Mark O'Meara.  The course hosted the 66th U.S. Senior Amateur in 2021.Official website
<Clifford_Odets>	Clifford Odets (July 18, 1906 – August 14, 1963) was an American playwright, screenwriter, and actor. In the mid-1930s, he was widely seen as the potential successor to Nobel Prize-winning playwright Eugene O'Neill, as O'Neill began to withdraw from Broadway's commercial pressures and increasing critical backlash. From January 1935, Odets's socially relevant dramas were extremely influential, particularly for the remainder of the Great Depression. His works inspired the next several generations of playwrights, including Arthur Miller, Paddy Chayefsky, Neil Simon, and David Mamet. After the production of his play Clash by Night in the 1941–42 season, Odets focused his energies primarily on film projects, remaining in Hollywood for the next seven years. He returned to New York in 1948 for five and a half years, during which time he produced three more Broadway plays, only one of which was a success. His prominence was eventually eclipsed by Miller, Tennessee Williams, and in the early- to mid-1950s, William Inge.Odets was born in Philadelphia to Louis J. Odets (born Leib Gorodetsky) and Pearl Geisinger, Russian- and Romanian-Jewish immigrants, and was raised in Philadelphia and the Bronx, New York. He dropped out of high school after two years to become an actor and a writer.
<Les_Anges_de_Satan>	The Satanic Angels (French: Les Anges de Satan) is a 2007 Moroccan film, directed by Ahmed Boulane.The Satanic Angels is the story of fourteen young hard rock musicians who are arrested and sentenced to three months to one year in jail for "shaking the foundations of Islam" and "Satanism" after a surrealistic trial. Society and the media mobilize to free them.
<Kiev>	Kyiv, also spelled Kiev, is the capital and most populous city of Ukraine. It is in north-central Ukraine along the Dnieper River. As of 1 January 2021, its population was 2,962,180, making Kyiv the seventh-most populous city in Europe.Kyiv is an important industrial, scientific, educational, and cultural center in Eastern Europe. It is home to many high-tech industries, higher education institutions, and historical landmarks. The city has an extensive system of public transport and infrastructure, including the Kyiv Metro.
<George_Ellery_Hale>	George Ellery Hale (June 29, 1868 – February 21, 1938) was an American solar astronomer, best known for his discovery of magnetic fields in sunspots, and as the leader or key figure in the planning or  construction of several world-leading telescopes; namely, the 40-inch refracting telescope at Yerkes Observatory, 60-inch Hale reflecting telescope at Mount Wilson Observatory, 100-inch Hooker reflecting telescope at Mount Wilson, and the 200-inch Hale reflecting telescope at Palomar Observatory.  He also played a key role in the foundation of the International Union for Cooperation in Solar Research and the National Research Council, and in developing the California Institute of Technology into a leading research university.George Ellery Hale was born on June 29, 1868, in Chicago, Illinois, to William Ellery Hale and Mary Browne. He is descended from Thomas Hale of Watton-on-Stone, Hertfordshire, England, whose son emigrated to America about 1640. His father acquired a considerable fortune manufacturing and installing passenger elevators during the reconstruction of Chicago, which had been destroyed in the Great Chicago Fire of 1871. The oldest of three children who lived past childhood, George received strong encouragement from his father, who supported the boy's active mind and curiosity, and his mother, who inculcated in him a love of poetry and literature. He spent his youth fascinated by the books and machinery given to him by his parents—one of his most prized possessions was a small microscope. With his father's encouragement, he built a small shop in their house that turned into a laboratory. The microscope led to his interest in optics. At the age of fourteen, George built his first telescope. His father later replaced it with a second-hand Clark refractor that they mounted on the roof of their Kenwood house. Soon he was photographing the night skies, observing a partial eclipse of the sun, and drawing sun-spots.As an avid reader with a strong interest in the budding field of astrophysics, Hale was drawn to the writings of William Huggins, Norman Lockyer, and Ernest Rutherford. His fascination with science, however, did not preclude interests more typical of a normal boy, such as fishing, boating, swimming, skating, tennis, and bicycling. He was an enthusiastic reader of the stories of Jules Verne—particularly drawn to the tales of adventure set in the mountains of California. Hale spent summers at his grandmother's house in the old New England village of Madison, Connecticut, where he met his future wife, Evelina Conklin. After graduating from Oakland Public School in Chicago, Hale attended the Allen Academy, where he studied chemistry, physics, and astronomy. He supplemented his practical home experience by attending a course in shop-work at the Chicago Manual Training School. During these years, Hale developed a knowledge of the principles of architecture and city planning with the help of his father's friend, well-known architect Daniel Burnham. Upon Burnham's advice and encouragement, Hale decided at the age of seventeen to continue his education at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).
<Claudia_Cohen>	Claudia Lynn Cohen (December 16, 1950 – June 15, 2007) was an American gossip columnist, socialite, and television reporter. She is credited with putting the New York Post's Page Six gossip column on the map. The building housing the University of Pennsylvania's College of Arts and Sciences was renamed in her honor in 2008.Claudia Cohen was born to a Jewish family, the daughter of Harriet (née Brandwein) and businessman Robert B. Cohen, the founder of Hudson News and the president of the Hudson County News Company, a magazine wholesaler.   She grew up in Englewood, New Jersey, and attended the Dwight School for Girls (now the Dwight-Englewood School) and the University of Pennsylvania.In 1976, she joined the New York Post as a reporter for its fledgling gossip column Page Six. She succeeded Neal Travis as editor of Page Six in 1978. Noted for going for the jugular, and creating a column with savvy and a sharp edge, Cohen is credited with putting Page Six on the map. Cohen left the Post in 1980 to start her own short-lived gossip column, I, Claudia (a play on words of the book title I, Claudius) at a rival newspaper, the New York Daily News. While that column was not a success, it did maintain Cohen's profile. Cohen was a regular on Live with Regis and Kelly and an active member of the Manhattan and Hamptons social scene.
<Oldham_Athletic_A.F.C.>	Oldham Athletic Association Football Club is a professional football club in Oldham, Greater Manchester, England, which competes in the National League, the fifth tier of the English football league system. 
<Frederick_I._Ordway_III>	Frederick Ira Ordway III (4 April 1927 – 1 July 2014) was an American space scientist and author of visionary books on spaceflight.Ordway was educated at Harvard University and completed several years of graduate study at the University of Paris and other universities in Europe. He owned a large collection of original paintings depicting astronautical themes. He was a member of many leading professional societies and was the author, co-author, or editor of more than thirty books and over three hundred articles.
<Robert_R._Williams>	Robert Runnels Williams (February 16, 1886 – October 2, 1965)  was an American chemist, known for being the first to chemically fully characterize and then synthesize thiamine (vitamin B1). He first isolated thiamine in 1933, and synthesized it in 1935, reporting this in 1936.  Williams also provided the modern name "thiamine" from the molecule's sulfur atom, and it being a vitamin (a class ultimately named for the earlier-known amine of thiamine itself).Among his awards were the Elliott Cresson Medal in 1940 and the Perkin Medal in 1947. His brother was Roger J. Williams, another important chemist at the time and discoverer of Vitamin B5.
<Leixões_S.C.>	Leixões Sport Club, commonly known as Leixões (Portuguese pronunciation: [lɐjˈʃõj̃ʃ]), is a Portuguese sports club from Matosinhos. It is organised into several departments for many sports, such as football, boxing, karate, volleyball, swimming and billiards. It is most well known for its professional football department.Leixões won the 1960–61 Taça de Portugal.Leixões Sport Club was founded in 1907, making them one of Portugal's oldest sports clubs in continuous operation. In 1961, they won their only Taça de Portugal, defeating Porto 2–0. This qualified Leixões to the 1961–62 European Cup Winners' Cup, in which they reached the quarter-finals before losing 4–2 on aggregate to East German side Motor Jena. Leixões had their best top-flight league performance in 1962–63, finishing fifth, 12 points behind champions Benfica.
<Sebino_Plaku>	Sebino Plaku (born 20 May 1985) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Football Superleague of Kosovo club SC Gjilani.Plaku joined the Partizani academy as a teenager and was eventually promoted to the first team ahead of the 2003–04 season, where he made six Kategoria Superiore appearances in the first half of the season. He scored his first senior goal on 11 October in an Albanian Cup game against Fushë Mbreti that finished 6–0 to Partizani. He scored another goal in the next round of the Albanian Cup in a 6–1 win over Kastrioti. In January 2004, Plaku was loaned out to Besëlidhja in the Kategoria e Parë for the remainder of the season in order to gain more first team experience, where he scored twice in the Kategoria e Parë as he helped Besëlidhja to a comfortable mid table finish. He returned to Partizani at the end of the season but did not manage to break through into the first team, making only four appearances in the first half of the 2004–05 season before joining Superiore strugglers Laçi in January, where he also struggled, and was eventually relegated after finishing in last place.
<Société_Générale_Srbija>	OTP banka Srbija, formerly known as Société Générale Srbija, was a commercial bank with headquarters in Belgrade, Serbia. It was owned by Hungarian OTP Bank since September 2019 and was mergied into Vojvođanska banka a.d., a wholly owned subsidiary of OTP Bank. Subsequently, Vojvođanska banka a.d. changed its name to OTP banka Srbija a.d. Novi Sad. On 30 April 2021, the bank finally merged into the Vojvođanska banka a.d., which was then renamed to OTP Banka Srbija a.d. Novi Sad.In 1977, French Société Générale established a representative office in Belgrade, SFR Yugoslavia. On 12 February 1991, Société Générale Yugoslav Bank was founded as the first bank with foreign capital to be established in former FR Yugoslavia. The bank was a joint venture between Paris-based Société Générale (75%), and the now defunct Beogradska banka (20%) and Banque Franco-Yougoslave (5%). At first, it was established as a unit of SG Corporate & Investment Banking, and provided services to corporate customers only.In 2001, it became a full-service universal bank, providing services to both corporate clients and individuals. It was only in late 2007 that the bank changed name to Société Générale Srbija in order to reflect the name change of the country it operates in (FR Yugoslavia was renamed to Serbia and Montenegro in 2003, and Serbia became independent in 2006).
<Lal_Bahadur_Shastri>	PremiershipEvents
<Ibrox_Stadium>	Ibrox Stadium is a football stadium on the south side of the River Clyde in the Ibrox area of Glasgow, Scotland. The home of Rangers Football Club, Ibrox is the third largest football stadium in Scotland, with an all-seated capacity of 50,817.Opened as Ibrox Park in 1899, it suffered a disaster in 1902 when a wooden terrace collapsed. Vast earthen terraces were built in its place, and a main stand, now a listed building, in 1928. A British record crowd of 118,567 gathered in January 1939 for a league match with Celtic. After the Ibrox disaster of 1971, the stadium was largely rebuilt. The vast bowl-shaped terracing was removed and replaced by three rectangular, all-seated stands by 1981. After renovations were completed in 1997, the ground was renamed Ibrox Stadium.
<Constitutional_Union_Party_(United_States)>	The Constitutional Union Party was a United States third party active during the 1860 elections. It consisted of conservative former Whigs, largely from the Southern United States, who wanted to avoid secession over the slavery issue and refused to join either the Republican Party or the Democratic Party. The Constitutional Union Party campaigned on a simple platform "to recognize no political principle other than the Constitution of the country, the Union of the states, and the Enforcement of the Laws".The Whig Party had collapsed in the 1850s due to a series of sectional crises over slavery. Though some former Whigs joined the Democratic Party or the new, anti-slavery Republican Party, others joined the nativist American Party. The American Party entered a period of rapid decline following the 1856 elections, and in the lead-up to the 1860 elections John J. Crittenden and other former Whigs founded the Constitutional Union Party. The 1860 Constitutional Union Convention met in May 1860, nominating John Bell of Tennessee for president and Edward Everett of Massachusetts for vice president. Party leaders hoped to force a contingent election in the House of Representatives by denying any one candidate a majority in the Electoral College.The 1860 election essentially consisted of two campaigns, as Republican nominee Abraham Lincoln competed with Northern Democratic candidate Stephen A. Douglas in the North, and Bell competed with Southern Democratic candidate John C. Breckinridge in the South. Ultimately, Lincoln won the election by winning nearly every Northern electoral vote. Bell took 12.6% of the nationwide popular vote, carried three states in the Upper South, and finished with the second highest vote total in each remaining slave state that held a popular vote. After the election, Crittenden and other Constitutional Unionists unsuccessfully sought to prevent a civil war with the Crittenden Compromise and the Peace Conference of 1861. Bell declared his support for the Confederacy following the Battle of Fort Sumter, but many other Constitutional Unionists remained loyal to the Union throughout the American Civil War.
<Street_Sense_(horse)>	Street Sense (foaled February 23, 2004 in Kentucky at Chesapeake Farm) is a champion American Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 2006 Breeders' Cup Juvenile and 2007 Kentucky Derby and was the 2006 Champion Two-Year-Old.Owned and bred by James B. Tafel, Street Sense is out of Bedazzle, a granddaughter of Northern Dancer, and his sire is 2002 Dubai World Cup-winner Street Cry.Trained by Carl Nafzger and ridden by Calvin Borel, Street Sense broke his maiden at Arlington Park. He then finished third in the Arlington-Washington Futurity Stakes and third in the Lane's End Breeders' Futurity behind Great Hunter and Circular Quay.
<Olivia_Tennet>	Olivia Tennet (born 4 January 1991) is a New Zealand actress and dancer best known in her home country for her role as Tuesday Warner on the nightly medical drama Shortland Street, along with several roles in television and theatre. Outside of New Zealand, she is best known for her roles in The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers (2002), Power Rangers RPM (2009), and the independent film Blood Punch (2013).Tennet began taking dance lessons at the age of four years following her older sister into dance, eventually stumbling into acting three years later She made her first major television appearance in the fourth season of Xena: Warrior Princess as the runaway Princess Alesia in the episode "If The Shoe Fits...".
<Ahmet_Özal>	Tevfik Ahmet Özal (born 3 December 1955) is a Turkish politician, the son of former Turkish President and Prime Minister Turgut Özal and a member of the Özal family. He has been an MP, and co-founded the Uzan Group and later the Özal Group.After graduating from the North Carolina State University he worked at the International Monetary Fund and in international banking from 1979 to 1988. In 1989 he co-founded (with Cem Uzan) Turkey's first private television station, "Magic Box" (now Star TV).Özal was elected to the Grand National Assembly of Turkey in 1999 as an independent; he joined the Motherland Party in 2002, and was the party's candidate for Mayor of Istanbul in the March 2009 local elections (gaining less than 1% of the vote). Later, he would become Deputy Chairman of the Democratic Party, after the Motherland Party merged with it in October 2009.
<Drago_Gabrić>	Drago Gabrić (born 27 September 1986) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.He is a versatile player, able to play on both sides of the field. His father, Tonči, is a former Hajduk Split and Rijeka player, and a Croatian international goalkeeper.
<Sagit_Agish>	Sagit Agish (1904–1973) was a Bashkir poet, writer and playwright.Sagit Agish was born as Sagit Ishmukhametovich Agishev on 19 January 1905 in the village of Isangildy, Sharlyksky District, Orenburg province. He was attended Khusaniya School. He later studied at the Orenburg Bashkir Pedagogical College and the Bashkir State Pedagogical Institute.Agish began writing in the 1930s. He started by writing prose. His earliest stories, “Makhmutov” (1939), “Guys” (1939), and “In Mazin’s House” (1940) portrayed life in the Soviet Union in the 1930s.[citation needed]
<Southern_Region_of_British_Railways>	The Southern Region was a region of British Railways from 1948 until 1992 when railways were re-privatised. The region ceased to be an operating unit in its own right in the 1980s. The region covered south London, southern England and the south coast, including the busy commuter belt areas of Kent, Sussex and Surrey. The region was largely based upon the former Southern Railway area.The Southern Railway was still comparatively profit-making despite World War II, thanks to its extensive third rail DC electrification and the intensive service patterns this allowed for. However, large-scale investment was required in the infrastructure of all of the "Big 4" companies, including the Southern.
<Animalia_(book)>	Animalia is an illustrated children's book by Graeme Base. It was originally published in 1986, followed by a tenth anniversary edition in 1996, and a 25th anniversary edition in 2012. Over four million copies have been sold worldwide.   A special numbered and signed anniversary edition was also published in 1996, with an embossed gold jacket.Animalia is an alliterative alphabet book and contains twenty-six illustrations, one for each letter of the alphabet. Each illustration features an animal from the animal kingdom (A is for alligator and armadillo, B is for butterfly, etc.) along with a short poem utilizing the letter of the page for many of the words. The illustrations contain many other objects beginning with that letter that the reader can try to identify (however, there are not necessarily "a thousand things, or maybe more", as the author states). As an additional challenge, the author has hidden a picture of himself as a child in every picture.
<Piraeus_Bank_Beograd>	Piraeus Bank Beograd (full legal name: Piraeus Bank a.d. Beograd), was a Serbian bank that existed from May 2005 until October 2018 when it was acquired by Direktna Banka. It was majority owned by Greek Piraeus Bank. Its particular activities were in the areas of large corporate banking, retail banking and SMEs.Piraeus Bank started its operations in the Serbian market with a network of 9 branches and 176 employees. Today, the Bank has a business network of 34 branches, approximately 550 employees, it has developed sector of Piraeus Leasing and Piraeus Rent, and tens of thousands of clients.In November 2017, Direktna Banka bought Piraeus Bank Beograd from the Greek Piraeus Bank, for a sum in the range of 58–61 million euros. The complete merge is expected to be completed by the first quarter of 2018, and thus way Direktna Banka would have a total equity worth over 500 million euros.
<Ibrahima_Sonko>	Ibrahima Sonko (born 22 January 1981) is a Senegalese former professional footballer who played as a centre back.Sonko moved to France from Senegal at a young age and began his career with Olympique Noisy-le-Sec and AS Saint-Étienne, before turning professional with Grenoble. In 2002 Sonko moved to English side Brentford where he spent two seasons before moving to Reading in 2004. Sonko spent four seasons with the Royals and helped them gain promotion to the Premier League in 2005–06. Following their relegation, Sonko joined Stoke City for a fee of £2 million in August 2008. However, he failed to establish himself in the first team at Stoke and spent time out on loan at Hull City and Portsmouth before being released. He spent the 2011–12 season with Ipswich Town and then played for Turkish side Akhisar Belediyespor from 2012 until 2015.
<Fletcher_Markle>	Fletcher Markle (March 27, 1921 – May 23, 1991) was a Canadian actor, screenwriter, television producer and director. Markle began a radio career in Canada, then worked in radio, film and television in the United States.Born in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Markle was the son of Mr. and Mrs. George Markle. He graduated from Prince of Wales Secondary School and began his career at age 17 in Vancouver, British Columbia, doing radio dramas.He worked with a group whose members included John Drainie, Lister Sinclair, and Alan Young on such local stations as CJOR, CKWX and the CBC network. During World War II, he served in the Royal Canadian Air Force.
<Mulan_(Disney_character)>	Mulan is a fictional character, inspired by a legendary figure, who appears in Walt Disney Pictures' 36th animated feature film Mulan (1998). Her speaking voice is provided by actress Ming-Na Wen, while singer Lea Salonga provides the character's singing voice. Created by author Robert D. San Souci, Mulan is based on the legendary Chinese warrior Hua Mulan from the poem the Ballad of Mulan, making her the first Disney Princess not to be based on a fairytale or folktale but rather a legend. The only child of an aging war veteran, Mulan disregards both tradition and the law by disguising herself as a man in order to enlist herself in the army in lieu of her feeble father.Disney had originally conceived Mulan as an oppressed young Chinese woman who ultimately elopes to Europe to be with a British prince. However, director Tony Bancroft, who was inspired by the well-being of his own daughters, wanted Mulan to be a different, unique kind of Disney heroine – one who is strong and independent, whose fate does not depend upon a male character. Thus, the relationship between Mulan and Captain Li Shang was relegated to that of a minor subplot, while Mulan's bravery and strength were emphasized in order to ensure that she remained the hero of her own story. She became the eighth Disney Princess and the first one who isn't actually a princess in her film, as she wasn't born of royalty nor did she become one by marrying a prince. While an argument could be made that Pocahontas is still technically a princess since she is a chieftain's daughter, Mulan quite literally is not, but is included in the lineup nonetheless. She also became the first one of Asian descent as well. She is the last Disney Princess to be developed during the Disney Renaissance. Mulan's supervising animator was Mark Henn, who deliberately designed the character so that she would appear less feminine than her predecessors.Reception towards Mulan's personality has been generally positive, with critics praising her bravery and heroism. However, her romantic relationship with Shang has been accused of compromising Mulan's heroism. Both Wen and Salonga have been awarded Disney Legends for their contributions to the role. Yifei Liu played the live-action version of the character in the 2020 live-action adaptation of the original 1998 film, named Hua Mulan.
<Michelle_Gomez>	Michelle Gomez (born 23 November 1966) is a Scottish actress. She gained recognition for her roles in the comedy series The Book Group (2002–2003), Green Wing (2004–2007), and Bad Education (2012–2013). She went on to appear as Missy in the long-running British science fiction series Doctor Who (2014–2017), for which she was nominated for the BAFTA TV Award for Best Supporting Actress.Gomez received further recognition and acclaim for her roles as Lilith / Madam Satan and Mary Wardwell in the Netflix supernatural horror series Chilling Adventures of Sabrina (2018–2020) and as Miranda Croft in the HBO Max dark comedy thriller series The Flight Attendant (2020–2022).
<Philip_Donoghue>	Philip Conrad James Donoghue FRS is a British palaeontologist and Professor of Palaeobiology at the University of Bristol.Donoghue was educated at the University of Leicester where he was awarded a Bachelor of Science degree in geology in 1992 and PhD in Paleontology in 1997 for research supervised by Richard Aldridge and Mark Purnell. He also holds a Master of Science degree in palynology from the University of Sheffield.
<Wesley_Sneijder>	Wesley Sneijder (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈʋɛsli ˈsnɛidər] (listen); born 9 June 1984) is a Dutch retired professional footballer. Due to his elite playmaking ability, Sneijder was considered one of the best midfielders in the world during his prime.A product of the Ajax Youth Academy, he started his professional career playing for Ajax, with whom he won four trophies and was awarded the Johan Cruyff Trophy in 2004. He was sold to Real Madrid for €27 million in 2007, winning La Liga in his first season with the club, and transferred to Inter Milan for €15 million in 2009. At Inter, he won Serie A, the UEFA Champions League, the FIFA Club World Cup, and two Coppa Italia. In 2010, Sneijder was named UEFA midfielder of the season, and one of the three best midfielders in the world by FIFA. After being sold to Galatasaray for €7.5 million in 2013, he helped the club win the Süper Lig in his first season, following with the capture of the Turkish Super Cup, after a 1–0 win against rivals Fenerbahçe. After an unsuccessful stint with Nice, he concluded his footballing career at Qatar Stars League team Al Gharafa.
<William_Saroyan>	William Saroyan (/səˈrɔɪən/; August 31, 1908 – May 18, 1981) was an Armenian-American novelist, playwright, and short story writer. He was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1940, and in 1943 won the Academy Award for Best Story for the film The Human Comedy. When the studio rejected his original 240-page treatment, he turned it into a novel, The Human Comedy. Saroyan is regarded as one of the greatest writers of the 20th century. Saroyan wrote extensively about the Armenian immigrant life in California. Many of his stories and plays are set in his native Fresno. Some of his best-known works are The Time of Your Life, My Name Is Aram and  My Heart's in the Highlands.  His two collections of short stories from the 1930s, Inhale Exhale (1936) and The Daring Young Man On the Flying Trapeze (1941) are regarded as among his major achievements and essential documents of the cultural history of the period on the American West Coast.
<ZGFM>	ZGFM was a radio station in Gisborne, New Zealand.The station was originally started by Radio New Zealand on 1010 AM with the callsign 2XG. The station callsign and branding was later changed to 2ZG.
<Ahmad_bin_Ibrahim>	Ahmad bin Ibrahim (17 May 1927 – 21 August 1962) was a Singaporean politician who served as Minister of Health between 1959 and 1961, and Minister for Labour from 1961 until his death in 1962, in the First Cabinet of Singapore. An active unionist, Ahmad was first elected as the Member of the Legislative Assembly for Sembawang as an independent candidate in the 1955 general election.Born in Penang, Ahmad attended Penang Free School. 
<Portugal_national_football_team>	The Portugal national football team (Portuguese: Seleção Portuguesa de Futebol) has represented Portugal in international men's football competition since 1921. The national team is controlled by the Portuguese Football Federation (FPF), the governing body for football in Portugal. Portugal's home matches are played at various stadiums throughout Portugal, and its primary training ground and technical headquarters, Cidade do Futebol, is located in Oeiras. The head coach of the team was most recently Fernando Santos, who stepped down after the 2022 World Cup,  and the captain is Cristiano Ronaldo, who also holds the team records for most caps and most goals.
<Arthur_Schuster>	Sir Franz Arthur Friedrich Schuster Kt FRS FRSE (12 September 1851 – 14 October 1934) was a German-born British physicist known for his work in spectroscopy, electrochemistry, optics, X-radiography and the application of harmonic analysis to physics. Schuster's integral is named after him. He contributed to making the University of Manchester a centre for the study of physics.Arthur Schuster was born in Frankfurt am Main, Germany the son of Francis Joseph Schuster, a cotton merchant and banker, and his wife Marie Pfeiffer.
<Ward_Hunt>	Ward Hunt (June 14, 1810 – March 24, 1886) was an American jurist and politician. He was Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals from 1868 to 1869, and an associate justice of the U.S. Supreme Court from 1872 to 1882.Hunt was the son of Montgomery James Hunt (d. 1871), long-time cashier of the Bank of Utica, and Elizabeth (née Stringham) Hunt. He was a classmate of Horatio Seymour at the Oxford and Geneva Academies, and graduated from Union College in 1828, where he was an early member of the Kappa Alpha Society. Then he studied law with Judge James Gould at Litchfield Law School in Litchfield, Connecticut and with Hiram Denio in Utica, and was admitted to the bar in 1831.
<Elliott_H._Lieb>	Elliott Hershel Lieb (born July 31, 1932) is an American mathematical physicist and professor of mathematics and physics at Princeton University who specializes in statistical mechanics, condensed matter theory, and functional analysis.Lieb is a prolific author, with over 400 publications both in physics and mathematics. In particular, his scientific works pertain to quantum and classical many-body problem, atomic structure, the stability of matter, functional inequalities, the theory of magnetism, and the Hubbard model.
<John_Austin_Gray>	John Austin Gray MC (16 April 1892 – 6 May 1939) was an Australian politician.He was born in Warracknabeal to storekeeper Archibald Gray and Hannah Isabella Hutchinson. He attended state schools before working for the State Savings Bank of Victoria. During the First World War he served with the 6th Light Trench Mortar Battery, being awarded the Military Cross. On his return he became an accountant. On 3 November 1920 he married Jessie Millicent Harris, with whom he had four children. He served on Hawthorn City Council from 1927 to 1939 and was mayor from 1937 to 1938. A founding member and president of the Young Nationalists, he won a by-election for the Victorian Legislative Assembly seat of Hawthorn in 1930. He was briefly a minister without portfolio from March to April 1935. Gray held his seat until his death in Hawthorn in 1939.
<James_W._Hyatt>	James William Hyatt (September 19, 1837 – March 12, 1893) was Treasurer of the United States from 1887 to 1889. He had previously served as Bank Commissioner for the State of Connecticut, and United States Bank Examiner for Connecticut and Rhode Island. He served as a Democratic member of the Connecticut House of Representatives in 1875 and 1876, a member of the Connecticut Senate in 1884, and he was Warden of the Borough of Norwalk from 1877 to 1878, from 1880 to 1882, and from 1885 to 1887.James W. Hyatt was born in Norwalk, Connecticut, the son of James W. Hyatt, and Laura Gray on September 19, 1837. With the outbreak of the American Civil War in 1861, Hyatt joined the 5th Regiment Connecticut Volunteer Infantry. After the war, he moved to New York City to join Lockwood & Co., a leading banking house that was founded by LeGrand Lockwood of Norwalk.In 1873, Hyatt attained control of the majority of stock of the Norwalk Horse Railway Company and returned to Norwalk to work as its Secretary and General Manager.  He was president of the company at the time of his death.  He also worked as Vice President of the Danbury and Norwalk Railroad, and, in 1881, became its president.  He represented Norwalk in the Connecticut House of Representatives in 1875 and 1876 as a Democrat (Hyatt had earlier supported the Republican Party, but became a Democrat in 1872). In 1876, Governor of Connecticut Charles Roberts Ingersoll appointed Hyatt Bank Commissioner.  He was later reappointed by Govs. Richard D. Hubbard, Charles B. Andrews, Hobart B. Bigelow, and Thomas M. Waller. In 1884, he was elected to the Connecticut Senate, but resigned so he could remain Bank Commissioner.
<Sho_Sakurai>	Sho Sakurai (櫻井 翔, Sakurai Shō) (born January 25, 1982) is a Japanese singer, songwriter, rapper, actor, news anchor, host and former radio host. He is a member of the boy band Arashi.Sakurai began his career in the entertainment industry when he joined the Japanese talent agency Johnny & Associates in 1995 at the age of 13. About seven years after his debut as a singer with Arashi in 1999, he became a newscaster in 2006, appearing in the news program News Zero every Monday. In 2008, he was appointed the official newscaster for the news coverage of the Olympic Games in Beijing on NTV. For his work as an actor, singer and newscaster, Sakurai became one of the recipients of GQ Japan's Men of the Year award in 2009. His father is Shun Sakurai, former vice-minister of the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications.
<Corporation_for_Public_Broadcasting>	The Corporation for Public Broadcasting (CPB) is an American publicly funded non-profit corporation, created in 1967 to promote and help support public broadcasting. The corporation's mission is to ensure universal access to non-commercial, high-quality content and telecommunications services. It does so by distributing more than 70 percent of its funding to more than 1,400 locally owned public radio and television stations.The Corporation for Public Broadcasting was created on November 7, 1967, when U.S. president Lyndon B. Johnson signed the Public Broadcasting Act of 1967. The new organization initially collaborated with the National Educational Television network—which would be replaced by the Public Broadcasting Service (PBS). Ward Chamberlin Jr. was the first operating officer. On March 27, 1968, it was registered as a nonprofit corporation in the District of Columbia. In 1969, the CPB talked to private groups to start PBS, an entity intended by the CPB to circumvent controversies engendered by certain NET public affairs programs that aired in the late 1960s and engendered opposition by politically conservative public figures, potentially threatening the medium's future viability.
<A_Frolic_of_His_Own>	A Frolic of His Own is a book by William Gaddis, published by Poseidon Press in 1994. It was his fourth novel, and it won his second U.S. National Book Award for Fiction.The title is from a judicial decision about vicarious liability in Joel v. Morison.Justice? – You get justice in the next world, in this world you have the law.
<Central_University_of_Venezuela>	The Central University of Venezuela (Spanish: Universidad Central de Venezuela; abbr. UCV) is a public university of Venezuela located in Caracas. It is widely held to be the highest ranking institution in the country, and it also ranks 18th in Latin America. Founded in 1721, it is the oldest university in Venezuela and one of the oldest in the Western Hemisphere.The main university campus, Ciudad Universitaria de Caracas, was designed by architect Carlos Raúl Villanueva and it is considered a masterpiece of urban planning and was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 2000.
<Duncan_K._Foley>	Duncan K. Foley (born June 15, 1942) is an American economist. He is the Leo Model Professor of Economics at the New School for Social Research and an External Professor at the Santa Fe Institute. Previously, he was Associate Professor of Economics at MIT and Stanford, and Professor of Economics at Columbia University (Barnard College and Columbia University Graduate Faculty of Arts and Sciences). He has held visiting professorships at Woodrow Wilson School at Princeton University, UC Berkeley, and Dartmouth College, as well as the New School for Social Research (in 1995, prior to his permanent position starting in 1999).Foley has served as the Co-Editor of ‘‘Journal of Economic Behavior and Organization’’ (1999–2001), as an Associate Editor of ‘‘Journal of Economic Theory’’ (1976–1981), and of ‘‘Journal of Economic Behavior and Organization’’ (1989–2014), and on the editorial boards of ‘‘Journal of Economic Literature’’ (1985–1991), ‘‘Metroeconomica’’ (1991–present), and ‘‘Princeton University Press Series on Complexity’’ (1993–2004). He also served on the Nominating Committee of the American Economics Association (1990).His most-cited work was on Marxian economics and value theory, in particular his seminal book that put Das Kapital in a modern form, offering an accessible and rigorous introduction to Marx’s thought – this work disrupted his path to tenure.
<Gai_Assulin>	Gai Yigaal Assulin (Hebrew: גיא יגאל אסולין; born 9 April 1991) is an Israeli professional footballer who plays as a winger or an attacking midfielder, currently unattached.As a teenager, he was registered at Barcelona and Manchester City, but did not make a league appearance for either team. He subsequently became a journeyman, spending short spells at a variety of teams mostly in Spain.
<The_Bronx>	The Bronx (/brɒŋks/) is a borough of New York City, coextensive with Bronx County, in the state of New York. It is south of Westchester County; north and east of the New York City borough of Manhattan, across the Harlem River; and north of the New York City borough of Queens, across the East River. The Bronx has a land area of 42 square miles (109 km2) and a population of 1,472,654 in the 2020 census. If each borough were ranked as a city, the Bronx would rank as the ninth-most-populous in the U.S. Of the five boroughs, it has the fourth-largest area, fourth-highest population, and third-highest population density. It is the only borough of New York City not primarily on an island. With a population that is 54.8% Hispanic as of 2020, it is the only majority-Hispanic county in the Northeastern United States and the fourth-most-populous nationwide.The Bronx is divided by the Bronx River into a hillier section in the west, and a flatter eastern section. East and west street names are divided by Jerome Avenue. The West Bronx was annexed to New York City in 1874, and the areas east of the Bronx River in 1895. Bronx County was separated from New York County in 1914. About a quarter of the Bronx's area is open space, including Woodlawn Cemetery, Van Cortlandt Park, Pelham Bay Park, the New York Botanical Garden, and the Bronx Zoo in the borough's north and center. The Thain Family Forest at the New York Botanical Garden is thousands of years old; it is New York City's largest remaining tract of the original forest that once covered the city. These open spaces are primarily on land reserved in the late 19th century as urban development progressed north and east from Manhattan.
<Ventnor_West_railway_station>	Ventnor West railway station was in operation from 1900 to 1952 in Ventnor, Isle of Wight.The station was opened on 1 June 1900 as the final addition to the railway network on the Isle of Wight. It opened as Ventnor Town but was renamed in 1923 by the Southern Railway.
<Roland_Curram>	Roland Curram (born 1932) is an English actor and novelist.Curram was educated at Brighton College and has had a long film, television and theatre career. His appearances include Julie Christie's travelling companion in her Oscar-winning film Darling and expatriate Freddie in the BBC soap opera Eldorado. In 1979, he played Brian Pilbeam in the first series of Terry and June. The Pilbeams were Terry and June's annoying neighbours until the Sprys moved in.
<Monaghan_United_F.C.>	Monaghan United F.C. (Irish: Cumann Peile Mhuineacháin Aontaithe) is an Irish association football club based in Monaghan currently playing in the Ulster Senior League. The club joined the League of Ireland in 1983 and subsequently went on to play in the B Division, the First Division and the Premier Division. They resigned from the league midway through the 2012 season. The club continued to field a women's team in the Dublin Women's Soccer League and, together with the Cavan Monaghan Underage League, they entered a combined team in the League of Ireland U13 Division, League of Ireland U15, U17 and the U19 League of Ireland Divisions, until 2020, whereupon the partnership was ended, the CMUL continued to field a team in the national underage leagues. In 2019 the club entered a senior team into the Monaghan Cavan League, and in 2021, the club joined the Ulster Senior League.Monaghan United were founded in 1979. Among the club's founding members was Sean McCaffrey who was also the manager of the club when they joined the League of Ireland B Division in 1983–84. In 1985–86 Monaghan United became founder members of the League of Ireland First Division. United played eight seasons in the First Division before winning their first promotion. After finishing third in 1992–93 they became the first League of Ireland club to gain promotion via a promotion/relegation play off. They defeated Waterford United 5–2 on aggregate and were subsequently promoted to the 1993–94 Premier Division. They survived just two seasons in the Premier Division before being relegated at the end of the 1994–95 season. Monaghan United gained promotion to the Premier Division for a second time in 2000–01 after finishing second to Dundalk. This time their stay in the Premier Division last just one season. After managing to win just two league games, they finished last and were relegated following the conclusion of the 2001–02 season.  Monaghan United reached the final of the 2010 League of Ireland Cup but lost 1–0 in the final to Sligo Rovers. They also finished third in the 2010 First Division and qualified for the promotion/relegation play off. They subsequently beat Waterford United before losing to Bray Wanderers on penalties. In 2011, under the management of Roddy Collins,  Monaghan United again qualified for the promotion/relegation play off. This time they won promotion after beating Galway United  5–1 on aggregate.However, midway through the 2012 season, Monaghan United withdrew from the league for "mainly but not only financial" reasons.
<University_of_Sydney>	The University of Sydney (USYD), also known as Sydney University, or informally Sydney Uni, is a public research university located in Sydney, Australia. Founded in 1850, it is the oldest university in Australia and is one of the country's six sandstone universities. The university comprises eight academic faculties and university schools, through which it offers bachelor, master and doctoral degrees.The university consistently ranks highly both nationally and internationally. QS World University Rankings ranked the university top 40 in the world. The university is also ranked first in Australia and fourth in the world for QS graduate employability. It is one of the first universities in the world to admit students solely on academic merit, and opened their doors to women on the same basis as men.
<Diários_Associados>	The Diários Associados, or Associated Dailies, are a union of Brazilian communication media created by Assis Chateaubriand.Diários Associados owned Rede Tupi, the first Brazilian television network, through its affiliate, the Rede de Emissoras Associadas, from 1950 to 1980.Today the group has 50 vehicles of communication, consisting of 15 newspapers, 12 radio networks, 8 television networks, 9 Internet portals and 5 other sites, 1 foundation and 5 other companies. 
<B._V._Radha>	Bengaluru Vijaya Radha (15 August 1948 – 10 September 2017), commonly known as B. V. Radha, was an Indian actress and film producer. She began her career in the 1964 Kannada film Navakoti Narayana. She went on to play mostly supporting roles in over 300 films, 250 of which were in Kannada, and the rest in Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam, Tulu and Hindi.She was married to film director K. S. L. Swamy.[citation needed] Following her career in cinema, she associated herself with theatre, performing plays with her troupe, Natavranda. Recognizing her contribution to theatre and cinema, Radha was awarded the Kanaka Ratna Award by Kaginele Kanaka Guru Peetha, a spiritual and cultural center, in 2010. She was credited as Kumari Radha in Tamil industry.
<Belposhta>	Belposhta (Belarusian: Белпошта) or Belpochta (Russian: Белпочта) is the national postal service of Belarus. It became a member of the Universal Postal Union in 1947.The development of postal services in Belarus began in ancient times. So, for 885 is the first mention in the Chronicle of the messenger service of the Belarusian land, "Sent to Oleg radzimichy asking..."In Kievan Rus' there was a special "position" - the prince's messenger. The couriers delivered the order of the prince in various areas of the country. Sometimes the messenger went, and without certificates, special messages memorized.
<Ondine_(ballet)>	Ondine is a ballet in three acts created by the choreographer Sir Frederick Ashton and composer Hans Werner Henze. Ashton originally produced Ondine for the Royal Ballet in 1958, with Henze commissioned to produce the original score, published as Undine, which has since been restaged by other choreographers. The ballet was adapted from a novella titled Undine by Friedrich de la Motte Fouqué and it tells the tale of a water nymph who is the object of desire of a young prince named Palemon. The première of the ballet took place at the Royal Opera House, London, on 27 October 1958, with the composer as guest conductor. The first major revival of this Ashton/Henze production took place in 1988.The three-act ballet of Ondine was commissioned and produced for The Royal Ballet in 1958 by the choreographer Sir Frederick Ashton. The resulting ballet was a collaboration between Ashton and the German composer Hans Werner Henze, who was commissioned to write the score. It is the only full length ballet that Ashton choreographed to original music, and the score is regarded as a rarity by musicians, as it is a "20th century full-length ballet score that has the depth of a masterwork".
<Kelvin_Bossman>	Kelvin Owusu Bossman (born 20 January 1991) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays as a forward for Marlow.Born in Ghana, Bossman moved to the United Kingdom aged 9. He joined the Reading Academy in 2002 and progressed through the age groups, signing scholarship forms in 2007. In December 2008 he joined Basingstoke Town on work experience. He made his debut against Eastleigh and made eight appearances in total, scoring once, before returning to Reading in February. Soon after he joined Conference Premier side Woking on a similar deal until the end of the season, making a further eight appearances. Despite top scoring for the academy with seven goals from 14 games during 2008–09, he left Reading at the end of the season having not been offered a professional contract.
<Paul_Wolfowitz>	Paul Dundes Wolfowitz (born December 22, 1943) is an American political scientist and diplomat who served as the 10th President of the World Bank, U.S. Deputy Secretary of Defense, U.S. Ambassador to Indonesia, and former dean of Johns Hopkins SAIS. He is currently a visiting scholar at the American Enterprise Institute.He was an early advocate of the Iraq War and has widely been described as an architect of the war.He testified before the House Appropriations Committee in March 2003: "There is a lot of money to pay for this that doesn't have to be US taxpayer money, and it starts with the assets of the Iraqi people. We are talking about a country that can really finance its own reconstruction and relatively soon." In the aftermath of the insurgency and civil war that followed the invasion, Wolfowitz denied influencing policy on Iraq and disclaimed responsibility. He is a leading neoconservative.
<Cruis'n>	Cruis'n is a series of racing video games originally developed by Eugene Jarvis for Midway Games and published by Midway and Nintendo. The series distinguishes itself from other racing games with its over-the-top presentation and fast-paced gameplay, featuring a wide variety of vehicles and tracks based on a variety of real world locations. The series debuted in North American and European arcades in 1994 with the release of Cruis'n USA, which, along with Killer Instinct, was advertised as running on Nintendo's Ultra 64 hardware. Two sequels followed, Cruis'n World and Cruis'n Exotica, which featured new vehicles and tracks. All three games were released for the Nintendo 64 as well, with Exotica also being released for the handheld Game Boy Color. The next game in the series, Cruis'n Velocity deviated from the traditional arcade gameplay of the series and was released for the Game Boy Advance.After Midway exited the arcade business, Jarvis and his new company Raw Thrills released the arcade game Fast & Furious, which was based on film of the same name and shared gameplay elements with the Cruis'n games. The game was ported to the Wii with all aspects of the film license replaced and released simply as Cruis'n. Raw Thrills licensed the Cruis'n name from Nintendo for a new arcade machine, Cruis'n Blast, released in 2017.The original arcade games were developed by Midway and designed by Eugene Jarvis. All of them have the same general gameplay. The objective in each game is to outrun nine cars in various different levels located in different real world places. Players can choose individual levels or "Cruise" and race each track in order. A variety of different cars in each game is available.
<Etienne_L._de_Mestre>	Helen Ahoy nee Bond nee de Mestre (c.1850-1934)11 childrenwith his wife Clara Eliza Rowe:Etienne Georgede Mestre(1874-1932)Helen Melanie AmyRamsaynee de Mestre(1876-1963)Alice Gertrude KateMorricenee de Mestre(1878-1939)John Charles Prosperde Mestre(1879-1957)Hurtle Edwardde Mestre(1881-1922)Marie Annette ClareBadgerynee de Mestre(1884-1961)Edward MacKenziede Mestre(1887-1972)Nellie RoweYatesnee de Mestre(1889-1970)Unnamed Boy(1893)Leroy Livingstonede Mestre(Roy De Maistre)(1894-1968)Etienne Livingston de Mestre (9 April 1832 – 22 October 1916), was a 19th-century Australian breeder and jockey of Thoroughbred racehorses, De Mestre, was Australia's first outstanding racehorse trainer and racing identity. In his 30-year career he experienced all the highs and the lows of the turf in a career which ended with him dependent on donations from racing friends.
<Big_Finish_Games>	Big Finish Games is an American independent game developer formed by members of Access Software/Indie Built following the company's close in 2007. The company was founded with the goal of developing story-driven, interactive games. The company's debut production, Three Cards to Midnight, was released on May 7, 2009.The company reunites the creative team of Chris Jones and Aaron Conners, perhaps best known for their work on the Tex Murphy series of adventure games for Access Software, as well as many other veterans of the Tex Murphy series, including Brian Johnson, Douglas Vandegrift, and Matt Heider.Most of Big Finish Games' team were members of Access Software, a company known for its diverse lineup of games, including the popular Tex Murphy series of adventure games. When the company was purchased by Microsoft (and later 2K Games), their focus was narrowed to sports games and the company was renamed to Indie Built. After Indie Built was closed, they decided that "the time was right to take the plunge back into the adventure game genre".
<Sakurai_Prize>	The J. J. Sakurai Prize for Theoretical Particle Physics, is presented by the American Physical Society at its annual April Meeting, and honors outstanding achievement in particle physics theory. The prize consists of a monetary award ($10,000 USD), a certificate citing the contributions recognized by the award, and a travel allowance for the recipient to attend the presentation. The award is endowed by the family and friends of particle physicist J. J. Sakurai. The prize has been awarded annually since 1985.The following have won this prize:
<Haarlem>	Haarlem (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈɦaːrlɛm] (listen); predecessor of Harlem in English) is a city and municipality in the Netherlands. It is the capital of the province of North Holland. Haarlem is situated at the northern edge of the Randstad, one of the most populated metropolitan areas in Europe; it is also part of the Amsterdam metropolitan area, being located about 15 km to the west of the core city of Amsterdam. Haarlem had a population of 161,265 in 2019.Haarlem was granted city status or stadsrechten in 1245, although the first city walls were not built until 1270. The modern city encompasses the former municipality of Schoten as well as parts that previously belonged to Bloemendaal and Heemstede. Apart from the city, the municipality of Haarlem also includes the western part of the village of Spaarndam. Newer sections of Spaarndam lie within the neighbouring municipality of Haarlemmermeer.
<Ada_(programming_language)>	Ada is a structured, statically typed, imperative, and object-oriented high-level programming language, extended from Pascal and other languages. It has built-in language support for design by contract (DbC), extremely strong typing, explicit concurrency, tasks, synchronous message passing, protected objects, and non-determinism. Ada improves code safety and maintainability by using the compiler to find errors in favor of runtime errors. Ada is an international technical standard, jointly defined by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), and the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC). As of 2020[update], the standard, called Ada 2012 informally, is ISO/IEC 8652:2012.Ada was originally designed by a team led by French computer scientist Jean Ichbiah of CII Honeywell Bull under contract to the United States Department of Defense (DoD) from 1977 to 1983 to supersede over 450 programming languages used by the DoD at that time. Ada was named after Ada Lovelace (1815–1852), who has been credited as the first computer programmer.Ada was originally designed for embedded and real-time systems. The Ada 95 revision, designed by S. Tucker Taft of Intermetrics between 1992 and 1995, improved support for systems, numerical, financial, and object-oriented programming (OOP).
<Eastern_Drift>	Eastern Drift is a 2010 Lithuanian crime film directed by Šarūnas Bartas, starring Bartas and Klavdiya Korshunova. Its Lithuanian title is Eurazijos aborigenas and its French title is Indigène d'Eurasie, which means "Eurasian native". It tells the story of a drug smuggler who wants to quit, but is betrayed and tries to flee, together with his prostitute ex-girlfriend, from Moscow to France through Belarus and Lithuania. The film premiered in the Forum section of the 60th Berlin International Film Festival.Neil Young wrote in The Hollywood Reporter: "The fact that Bartas -- no oil-painting -- has co-devised a scenario where he's lusted after by two gorgeous babes may strike many as narcissistic. Ditto his decision to give himself numerous close-ups and to show off his wiry physique in a nude scene that allows contemplation of his trim buttocks. ... Taken as a whole, however, there is something quietly persuasive and cumulatively engaging about Eastern Drift, not least the way it depicts a Europe that seems to have become progressively 'Russified' since the early 1990s. Bartas finds grey, bleak corners of every city he comes across, often with ironically inappropriate terms like 'Eldorado' and 'Shangri-La' spelled out in Cyrillic neon on building fronts." Variety's Leslie Felperin wrote: "With the nicely shot but messily assembled thriller Eastern Drift, a French-Lithuanian-Russian co-prod, Lithuanian helmer-writer-lenser-thesp Sharunas Bartas further demonstrates, after Seven Invisible Men, that he should stick to camera operating. ... Dire editing, Bartas’ inability to shoot action, act himself or direct thesps all create a tedious excursion."
<Edward_L._Hart>	Edward LeRoy Hart (December 28, 1916 – March 9, 2008) was a Latter-day Saint poet.  He wrote the words to "Our Savior's Love" which is #113 in the current LDS hymnbook.  He was also an English professor at Brigham Young University (BYU) and wrote many poems.Hart was born in Bloomington, Idaho.  He received a bachelor's degree from the University of Utah, where he initially studied economics, but decided to change his major even though his close advisor Lowell L. Bennion urged him to let writing be just a free time activity.  Hart was also on the track team at the University of Utah.Hart then went on to receive a master's degree from the University of Michigan, receiving that degree in 1941.  He was then a Rhodes scholar at the University of Oxford, starting in 1945.  Originally Hart would have gone to Oxford in 1939 but the outbreak of World War II postponed those plans.
<Montgomery,_Alabama>	Montgomery is the capital city of the U.S. state of Alabama and the county seat of Montgomery County. Named for Richard Montgomery, it stands beside the Alabama River, on the coastal Plain of the Gulf of Mexico. In the 2020 census, Montgomery's population was 200,603. It is the second most populous city in Alabama, after Huntsville, and is the 119th most populous in the United States. The Montgomery Metropolitan Statistical Area's population in 2020 was 386,047; it is the fourth largest in the state and 142nd among United States metropolitan areas.The city was incorporated in 1819 as a merger of two towns situated along the Alabama River. It became the state capital in 1846, representing the shift of power to the south-central area of Alabama with the growth of cotton as a commodity crop of the Black Belt and the rise of Mobile as a mercantile port on the Gulf Coast. In February 1861, Montgomery was chosen the first capital of the Confederate States of America, which it remained until the Confederate seat of government moved to Richmond, Virginia, in May of that year. In the middle of the 20th century, Montgomery was a major center of events and protests in the Civil Rights Movement, including the Montgomery bus boycott and the Selma to Montgomery marches.
<Incheon_United_FC>	Incheon United FC is a South Korean professional football club based in Incheon that competes in the K League 1, the top flight of South Korean football. Founded in 2003, the club is a so-called "community club", with the government of the city of Incheon being its key shareholder. The club's home stadium is the Incheon Football Stadium.Officially founded at the end of the 2003 season, the move to create a professional football club in Incheon had come about in part by the construction of the Incheon Munhak Stadium for the 2002 FIFA World Cup. Mayor of Incheon Ahn Sang-soo began the process of creating a new club in earnest in June 2003 with the official founding of Incheon FC. German Werner Lorant was appointed as manager in September of that year, assisted by Chang Woe-ryong and Kim Si-seok.
<Felix_Andries_Vening_Meinesz>	Felix Andries Vening Meinesz (30 July 1887 – 10 August 1966) was a Dutch geophysicist and geodesist. He is known for his invention of a precise method for measuring gravity (gravimetry). Thanks to his invention, it became possible to measure gravity at sea, which led him to the discovery of gravity anomalies above the ocean floor. He later attributed these anomalies to continental drift. He was a Fellow of the Royal Society.Vening Meinesz's father, Sjoerd Anne Vening Meinesz, was mayor, first of Rotterdam, then of Amsterdam. Felix was born in The Hague grew up in a protected environment. In 1910 he graduated in civil engineering in Delft. The same year he started working for the Dutch gravity survey. In 1915 he wrote his dissertation on the defects of the gravimeters used at that time.Vening Meinesz then designed a new gravimeter, which the KNMI (Royal Dutch Meteorological Institute) built. The apparatus has two pendula of the same size hanging in a frame but moving in opposite phases. With mirrors and lightbeams the difference in amplitude of the two pendula is captured on a film. Vening Meinesz had discovered that horizontal accelerations (as by waves on a boat) had no influence on the difference in amplitude between the two pendula. The recorded difference then is the amplitude of a theoretical, undisturbed pendulum. Now it became possible to measure gravity more accurately. Vening Meinesz started with measuring gravity all over the Netherlands, for which a network of 51 monitoring stations was created. This became a success, which encouraged him to do measurements at sea. A perfected gravimeter, hanging in a 'swing', was designed. The experiment was successful.
<Conrad_Nagel>	John Conrad Nagel (March 16, 1897 – February 24, 1970) was an American film, stage, television and radio actor. He was considered a famous matinée idol and leading man of the 1920s and 1930s. He was given an Academy Honorary Award in 1940 and three stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 1960.Born in Keokuk, Iowa, into an upper-middle-class family, he was the son of a musician father, Dr. Frank L. Nagel, who was of German descent, and a mother, Frances (née Murphy), who was a locally praised singer. Nagel's mother died early in his life, and he always attributed his artistic inclination to growing up in a family environment that encouraged self-expression. When Nagel was three, his father, Frank, became dean of the music conservatory at Highland Park College in Des Moines, and the family moved there.After graduating from Highland Park College, Nagel left for California to pursue a career in the relatively new medium of motion pictures where he garnered instant attention from the Hollywood studio executives. With his 6-foot-tall (1.8 m) frame, blue eyes, and wavy blond hair; the young, Midwestern Nagel was seen by studio executives as a potentially wholesome matinee idol whose unpretentious all-American charm would appeal to the nation's nascent film-goers.
<Lisa_Jardine>	Lisa Anne Jardine CBE HonFRS FRHistS (née Bronowski; 12 April 1944 – 25 October 2015) was a British historian of the early modern period.From 1990 to 2011, she was Centenary Professor of Renaissance Studies and Director of the Centre for Editing Lives and Letters at Queen Mary University of London. From 2008 to January 2014 she was Chair of the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority (HFEA).
<Darren_Bennett_(dancer)>	Darren Lee Bennett (born 14 February 1977) is an English professional dancer. With his wife Lilia Kopylova he has a successful career in professional Latin dancing, competing nationally and internationally. Darren's favourite dances are the Samba and the Foxtrot.  They teach private lessons in their own studio at Sheffield, England. Bennett was born in Sheffield.  He first met Kopylova after his twin brother Dale, also a dancer, introduced them. In November 2005 Bennett and Kopylova won the British Championships for Professional Latin, coming first in all five dances. In November 2006 they successfully defended this title against a challenge from Olga Rodionova and Paul Richardson, who had been competing for the USA but had recently registered as a British couple. Bennett and Kopylova triumphed winning all five dances to retain the title.
<J.F._Reynolds>	John F. Reynolds, usually known as J.F. Reynolds, was an architect of Sioux City, Iowa and Lincoln, Nebraska. He designed schools and courthouses. Several of his works have been listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) for their architecture.One of his salient works is the Perkins County Courthouse, built during 1926–27, which has been described as a "fine example" of County Citadel design, with Classical Revival architecture elements. It was designed by Reynolds to include stone pilasters that were changed to brick to reduce costs; the courthouse contract finally approved was for $126,000. It was listed on the NRHP for its architecture and its history.From a 1933 lawsuit involving farm land in Texas, it is known that Reynolds was considering a move from Iowa to Texas in 1930–31, but failed to find professional work there.
<Gladstone_Power_Station>	The Gladstone Power Station is a power station at Callemondah, Gladstone, Queensland, Australia. It is Queensland's largest power station, with six coal powered steam turbines generating a maximum of 1,680 MW of electricity. Power from the station was first generated in 1976.This fossil fuel power plant draws seawater for cooling. Black coal is brought by rail from the Rolleston coal mine, 200 kilometres (120 mi) west of Rockhampton.
<Alinta_Energy>	Alinta Energy is an Australian electricity generating and gas retailing private company owned by Hong Kong-based Chow Tai Fook Enterprises (CTFE). It was sold for $4 billion and was approved Treasurer Scott Morrison in 2017. Alinta Energy has an owned and contracted generation portfolio of up to 1,957 MW, approximately 1.1 million combined electricity and gas retail customers and around 800 employees across Australia and New Zealand.In March 2011, due to a deleveraging transaction by the TPG Group, Alinta became Alinta Energy. Alinta Energy was acquired by Hong Kong-based Chow Tai Fook Enterprises in 2017. Chow Tai Fook Enterprises also acquired Loy Yang B power station with assists from Alinta Energy staff.
<Ladislaus_Bortkiewicz>	Ladislaus Josephovich Bortkiewicz (Russian Владислав Иосифович Борткевич, German Ladislaus von Bortkiewicz or Ladislaus von Bortkewitsch) (7 August 1868 – 15 July 1931) was a Russian economist and statistician of Polish ancestry. He wrote a book showing how the Poisson distribution, a discrete probability distribution, can be useful in applied statistics, and he made contributions to mathematical economics. He lived most of his professional life in Germany, where he taught at Strassburg University (Privatdozent, 1895–1897) and Berlin University (1901–1931).Władysław Bortkiewicz was born in Saint Petersburg, Imperial Russia, to two ethnic Polish parents: Józef Bortkiewicz and Helena Bortkiewicz (née Rokicka). His father was a Polish nobleman who served in the Russian Imperial Army.Władysław graduated from the Law Faculty in 1890. In 1898 he published a book about the Poisson distribution, titled The Law of Small Numbers. In this book he first noted that events with low frequency in a large population follow a Poisson distribution even when the probabilities of the events varied. It was that book that made the Prussian horse-kicking data famous. The data gave the number of soldiers killed by being kicked by a horse each year in each of 14 cavalry corps over a 20-year period. Bortkiewicz showed that those numbers followed a Poisson distribution. The book also examined data on child-suicides. Some have suggested that the Poisson distribution should have been named the "Bortkiewicz distribution."
<Kaohsiung_City_Government>	The Kaohsiung City Government is the municipal government of Kaohsiung. It was formed after the merger of Kaohsiung County and Kaohsiung City in December 2010. Its chief administrator is the directly elected Mayor of Kaohsiung. In 1924, Takao Town (Japanese: 高雄街) was upgraded to city status, and the Takao City Office was established in modern-day Gushan by the Japanese government which reported directly to Takao Prefecture. The city hall was located at the modern-day Dai Tien Kung [zh] temple. The second city hall was built in 1938 at modern-day Zhongzheng 4th Road, Yancheng District and commissioned on 16 September 1939.After the handover of Taiwan from Japan to the Republic of China in 1945, the city was renamed Kaohsiung City Government.
<Little_Girl_Lost_(The_Twilight_Zone)>	"Little Girl Lost" is episode 91 of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone. It is about a young girl who has accidentally passed through an opening into another dimension. Her parents and their friend attempt to locate and retrieve her. It is based on the 1953 science fiction short story by Richard Matheson. The title of the episode comes from a poem by William Blake, from his collection Songs of Innocence and of Experience.Missing: one frightened little girl. Name: Bettina Miller. Description: six years of age, average height and build, light brown hair, quite pretty. Last seen being tucked in bed by her mother a few hours ago. Last heard: 'ay, there's the rub,' as Hamlet put it. For Bettina Miller can be heard quite clearly, despite the rather curious fact that she can't be seen at all. Present location? Let's say for the moment... in the Twilight Zone.A married couple, Chris and Ruth Miller are awakened by the whimpering of their little daughter, Tina. Chris goes to see what the trouble is.  Their dog, Mack, begins to bark from the backyard. Chris cannot find Tina either in or under the bed, even though her pleas for help seem to be coming from nearby, yet far away. He calls Ruth into the room, and she is similarly mystified. Chris phones his physicist friend, Bill, for help, and opens the door to let the incessantly barking Mack into the house. The dog runs under the bed and disappears, but can still be heard barking, again close, but far away.
<Isaiah_Shembe>	Isaiah Mloyiswa Mdliwamafa Shembe (c. 1865 – 2 May 1935), was the founder of the Ibandla lamaNazaretha, South Africa, which was the largest African-initiated church in Africa during his lifetime. Shembe started his religious career as an itinerant evangelist and faith healer in 1910. Within ten years, he had built up a large following in Natal with dozens of congregations across the province.He was born in 1865, at Ntabamhlophe (Estcourt Area), in the Drakensberg region of Natal. He had pure Zulu descent. When he was very young, his family had fled from Shaka during the Mfecane period. His father, Mayekisa, traced his lineage four generations back among members of the Ntungwa tribe. His mother Sitheya, the daughter of Malindi Hadebe, was born at Mtimkulu.
<Motherwell_F.C.>	Motherwell Football Club is a Scottish professional football club based in Motherwell, North Lanarkshire, which plays in the Scottish Premiership. Motherwell have not dropped out of the top-flight of Scottish football since 1985, and have lifted one trophy in that time – the Scottish Cup in 1991.Clad in their traditional claret and amber, Motherwell play their home matches at Fir Park Stadium and have done since 1896. The club's main rivals over the years have been Hamilton Academical and Airdrieonians, due in part to their close geographical proximities. These matches are known as the Lanarkshire derby.
<Hokonui_(radio_station)>	Hokonui (previously known as Hokonui Gold) is an Adult Contemporary radio station that first launched in Gore, New Zealand, broadcasting across Southland and now also broadcasts across South Otago and Mid Canterbury. Hokonui also from April 2015 was broadcasting in Taranaki until late in 2020 when it was disestablished by NZME and replaced by Gold AM. The name Hokonui comes from the Hokonui Hills which can clearly be seen in Gore and the Southland Plains.The original station in Gore was formerly known as 4ZG or Radio Hokonui, which broadcast on 558 AM and was operated by Radio New Zealand. 4ZG was first started in 1981 and the station was used in the evenings to broadcast the Concert Programme until 1990 when Concert FM began broadcasting on its own frequency in Southland. Overnight during the 1980s the station carried the ZM All Nighter from the 1ZM studios in Auckland. In 1992 4ZG was reduced to just 4 hours a day of programming and outside this time a simulcast of 4ZA was played. In the eyes of many, this change seemed the station was dying of a slow and painful death so as a result, two locals purchased the station. In 1994 4ZG became Hokonui Gold and reverted to being live and local.
<Carlo_Rubbia>	Carlo Rubbia OMRI OMCA (born 31 March 1934) is an Italian particle physicist and inventor who shared the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1984 with Simon van der Meer for work leading to the discovery of the W and Z particles at CERN.Rubbia was born in 1934 in Gorizia, an Italian town on the border with Slovenia. His family moved to Venice then Udine because of wartime disruption. His father was an electrical engineer and encouraged him to study the same, though he stated his wish to study physics. In the local countryside, he collected and experimented with abandoned military communications equipment. After taking an entrance exam for the Scuola Normale Superiore di Pisa to study physics, he failed to get into the required top ten (coming eleventh), so began an engineering course in Milan in 1953. Soon after, a Pisa student dropped out, presenting Rubbia with his opportunity. He gained a degree and doctorate in a relatively short time with a thesis on cosmic ray experimentation; his adviser was Marcello Conversi. At Pisa, he met his future wife, Marisa, also a Physics student.
<Ariane_Ascaride>	Ariane Ascaride (born 10 October 1954) is a French actress and screenwriter. She has appeared in films such as Marius et Jeannette (Marius and Jeannette), Ma vraie vie à Rouen (The True Story of My Life in Rouen; USA, My Life on Ice) and À la place du coeur (Where the Heart Is). She also starred in and co-wrote the screenplay for Le Voyage en Arménie (Armenia).Daughter of Henriette, an office worker, and a representative, himself son of Neapolitan immigrant, and sister of the director Pierre Ascaride and the writer Gilles Ascaride, Ariane assists early to the amateur shows in which her father is involved.
<Njazi_Kuqi>	Njazi Kuqi (born 25 March 1983) is a Finnish former professional footballer who played as a forward.Kuqi started his career with FC Lahti of the Veikkausliiga in 2002, spending three years with the club and scoring twenty goals in all competitions. In January 2005, Kuqi signed for Birmingham City, but failed to make any first–team appearances during his 18-month spell with the club. During his time at Birmingham, Kuqi was loaned out for a month to Blackpool in January 2006, making four appearances before returning to his parent club. He was loaned out once again in March 2006, joining Peterborough United until the end of the 2005–06 season. However, he only made one appearance for Peterborough, and returned to Birmingham a month earlier than scheduled. At the end of the campaign, Kuqi was released by Birmingham.
<Erica_Tremblay>	Erica Tremblay (born 1980) is a Seneca–Cayuga American documentary film director, based out of New York City known for her films In the Turn (2014), Heartland: A Portrait of Survival (2012) and Tiny Red Universe (2007).Tremblay grew up in Seneca, Missouri, a rural community near Joplin, Missouri. In 2007, she moved to Lincoln, Nebraska. While there she wrote, produced and starred in Tiny Red Universe, a short film which aired on IFC.In 2012, she released Heartland: A Portrait of Survival. The film documents the effects of the 2011 Joplin tornado which destroyed a quarter of the city and caused about $2.8 billion worth of damage. Tremblay, who was living in Los Angeles at the time but had previously lived in Joplin, had relatives still living in her hometown. She traveled to the town with a film crew and documented the aftermath for a four-week period. The film, which features several stories like the Joplin Found Photos project, was shown at the Omaha Film Festival, and at St. Louis International Film Festival.
<Jorge_Cervós-Navarro>	Jorge Cervós-Navarro  (vel Jordi Cervós i Navarro; 9 January 1930 – 14 November 2021) was a Spanish pathologist, histologist, and neuroscientist.Studied medicine at the Universities of Barcelona and Zaragossa. PhD  University Complutense of Madrid (1956). Since 1968 Chair of Institute of Neuropathology, Free University of Berlin. Has been Dean of the Faculty of Medicine at the above-mentioned University. Member of the Council of the International Society of Neuropathology and Executive President of the German Society of Neuropathology and Neuroanatomy. Has also been Rector of the International University of Catalonia from the year of its foundation in 1997 until 2001.He has published various handbooks  about his specialty, translated into various languages.Doctor honoris causa from the University of Zaragoza (1984), University of Barcelona, University Complutense of Madrid, Leibniz University Hannover (Germany), University of Tokushima (Japan), University Saransk (Russia) and Aristotle University of Thessaloniki (Greece).
<Swansea>	Swansea (/ˈswɒnzi/; Welsh: Abertawe [abɛrˈtawɛ]) is a coastal city and the second-largest city of Wales. It forms a principal area, officially known as the City and County of Swansea (Welsh: Dinas a Sir Abertawe).The city is the twenty-fifth largest in the United Kingdom. Located along Swansea Bay in southwest Wales, with the principal area covering the Gower Peninsula, it is part of the Swansea Bay region and part of the historic county of Glamorgan; also the ancient Welsh commote of Gŵyr.
<Robert_Merrihew_Adams>	Robert Merrihew Adams FBA (born September 8, 1937) is an American analytic philosopher, specializing in metaphysics, philosophy of religion, ethics, and the history of early modern philosophy.Adams was born on September 8, 1937, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He taught for many years at the University of California, Los Angeles, before moving to Yale University in the early 1990s as the Clark Professor of Moral Philosophy and Metaphysics. As chairman, he helped revive the philosophy department after its near-collapse due to personal and scholarly conflicts between analytical and Continental philosophers. Adams retired from Yale in 2004 and taught part-time at the University of Oxford in England, where he was a senior research fellow of Mansfield College. In 2009 he became a Distinguished Research Professor of Philosophy at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.Adams's late wife, Marilyn McCord Adams, was also a philosopher, working on medieval philosophy and the philosophy of religion and was the Regius Professor of Divinity at Christ Church, Oxford. In 2013 both became visiting research professors at Rutgers University, in conjunction with the founding of the Rutgers Center for the Philosophy of Religion.
<Buster_Keaton>	Joseph Frank "Buster" Keaton (October 4, 1895 – February 1, 1966) was an American actor, comedian, and filmmaker. He is best known for his silent film work, in which his trademark was physical comedy accompanied by a stoic, deadpan expression that earned him the nickname "The Great Stone Face". Critic Roger Ebert wrote of Keaton's "extraordinary period from 1920 to 1929" when he "worked without interruption" as having made him "the greatest actor-director in the history of the movies". In 1996, Entertainment Weekly recognized Keaton as the seventh-greatest film director, and in 1999 the American Film Institute ranked him as the 21st-greatest male star of classic Hollywood cinema.Working with independent producer Joseph M. Schenck and filmmaker Edward F. Cline, Keaton made a series of successful two-reel comedies in the early 1920s, including One Week (1920), The Playhouse (1921), Cops (1922), and The Electric House (1922). He then moved to feature-length films; several of them, such as Sherlock Jr. (1924), The General (1926), Steamboat Bill, Jr. (1928), and The Cameraman (1928), remain highly regarded. The General is widely viewed as his masterpiece: Orson Welles considered it "the greatest comedy ever made...and perhaps the greatest film ever made". Keaton's art has inspired full academic study.
<Aleix_Vidal>	Aleix Vidal Parreu (born 21 August 1989) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for RCD Espanyol. Mainly a right winger and a player of great speed, he can also operate as a right-back.Having spent his early career at a string of lower-league and reserve teams, he became a regular at Almería, helping them to promotion to La Liga, and also won the Europa League with Sevilla before signing for Barcelona in 2015 for €17 million. Three seasons later, he returned to Sevilla.
<Rick_Martel>	Richard Vigneault (born March 18, 1956) is a Canadian retired professional wrestler, trainer, and television presenter, better known by his ring name, Rick Martel. He is best known for his appearances with the American Wrestling Association, the World Wrestling Federation and World Championship Wrestling. Championships held by Martel over the course of his career include the AWA World Heavyweight Championship, WCW World Television Championship, and WWF World Tag Team Championship.Martel is from a family of wrestlers, and made his professional debut at age seventeen when his brother Michel, a wrestler, asked him to replace an injured wrestler. Martel already was a skilled amateur wrestler, and quickly adapted to professional wrestling.
<Girl,_Interrupted_(film)>	Girl, Interrupted is a 1999 American psychological drama film directed by James Mangold and starring Winona Ryder, Angelina Jolie, Clea DuVall, Brittany Murphy, Whoopi Goldberg, Elisabeth Moss, Angela Bettis, Vanessa Redgrave, and Jared Leto. Based on Susanna Kaysen's memoir of the same name, the film follows a young woman who, after a suicide attempt, spends 18 months at a psychiatric hospital between 1967 and 1968.Girl, Interrupted began as a limited release on December 21, 1999, with a wide expansion on January 14, 2000. The film received mixed reviews from critics, though the performances of Ryder and Jolie received widespread critical acclaim and it has received more positive appreciation in subsequent years. Jolie won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress – Motion Picture, and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role.
<Tacoma,_Washington>	Tacoma (/təˈkoʊmə/ tə-KOH-mə) is the county seat of Pierce County, Washington, United States. A port city, it is situated along Washington's Puget Sound, 32 miles (51 km) southwest of Seattle, 31 miles (50 km) northeast of the state capital, Olympia, and 58 miles (93 km) northwest of Mount Rainier National Park. The city's population was 219,346 at the time of the 2020 census. Tacoma is the second-largest city in the Puget Sound area and the third-largest in the state. Tacoma also serves as the center of business activity for the South Sound region, which has a population of about 1 million.Tacoma adopted its name after the nearby Mount Rainier, called təˡqʷuʔbəʔ in the Puget Sound Salish dialect. It is locally known as the "City of Destiny" because the area was chosen to be the western terminus of the Northern Pacific Railroad in the late 19th century. The decision of the railroad was influenced by Tacoma's neighboring deep-water harbor, Commencement Bay. By connecting the bay with the railroad, Tacoma's motto became "When rails meet sails". Commencement Bay serves the Port of Tacoma, a center of international trade on the Pacific Coast and Washington's largest port. The city gained notoriety in 1940 for the collapse of the Tacoma Narrows Bridge, which earned the nickname "Galloping Gertie".Like most industrial cities, Tacoma suffered a prolonged decline in the mid-20th century as a result of suburbanization and divestment. Since the 1990s, downtown Tacoma has experienced a period of revitalization. Developments in the downtown include the University of Washington Tacoma; the T Line (formerly Tacoma Link), the first modern electric light rail service in the state; the state's highest density of art and history museums; and a restored urban waterfront, the Thea Foss Waterway.
<Otto_Heinrich_Warburg>	Otto Heinrich Warburg (German pronunciation: [ˈɔto ˈvaːɐ̯bʊʁk] (listen), /ˈvɑːrbɜːrɡ/; 8 October 1883 – 1 August 1970), son of physicist Emil Warburg, was a German physiologist, medical doctor, and Nobel laureate. He served as an officer in the elite Uhlan (cavalry regiment) during the First World War, and was awarded the Iron Cross (1st Class) for bravery. He was the sole recipient of the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1931. In total, he was nominated for the award 47 times over the course of his career.Otto Heinrich Warburg was born in Freiburg im Breisgau in 1883, close to the Swiss border. Otto's mother was the daughter of a Protestant family of bankers and civil servants from Baden. His father, Emil Warburg, had converted to Protestantism as an adult, although Emil's parents were Orthodox Jews. Emil was a member of the illustrious Warburg family of Altona. Emil was also president of the Physikalische Reichsanstalt, Wirklicher Geheimer Oberregierungsrat (True Senior Privy Counselor).Otto Warburg studied chemistry under Emil Fischer, and earned his doctorate in chemistry in Berlin in 1906. He then studied under Ludolf von Krehl and earned the degree of doctor of medicine in Heidelberg in 1911.
<Joan_Rivers>	Joan Alexandra Molinsky (June 8, 1933 – September 4, 2014), known professionally as Joan Rivers, was an American comedian, actress, producer, writer and television host. She was noted for her blunt, often controversial comedic persona—heavily self-deprecating and acerbic, especially towards celebrities and politicians. She is considered a pioneer of women in comedy by many critics.Rivers started her career in comedy clubs in Greenwich Village alongside her peers George Carlin, Woody Allen, and Richard Pryor. She then rose to prominence in 1965 as a guest on The Tonight Show. Hosted by her mentor, Johnny Carson, the show established Rivers's comedic style. In 1986, with her own rival program, The Late Show with Joan Rivers, Rivers became the first woman to host a late night network television talk show. She subsequently hosted The Joan Rivers Show (1989–1993), winning a Daytime Emmy for Outstanding Talk Show Host.  From the mid-1990s, she became known for her comedic red carpet awards show celebrity interviews. Rivers co-hosted the E! celebrity fashion show Fashion Police from 2010 to 2014 and starred in the reality series Joan & Melissa: Joan Knows Best? (2011–2014) with daughter Melissa Rivers.
<France_national_football_team>	The France national football team (French: Équipe de France de football) represents France in men's international football matches. It is governed by the French Football Federation (FFF; Fédération française de football), the governing body for football in France. It is a member of UEFA in Europe and FIFA in global competitions. The team's colors and imagery reference two national symbols: the French red-white-blue tricolour and Gallic rooster (coq gaulois). They are colloquially known as Les Bleus (The Blues). France plays their home matches at the Stade de France in Saint-Denis and maintain their national training facility, INF Clairefontaine, in Clairefontaine-en-Yvelines. 
<Tromøy_Church>	Tromøy Church (Norwegian: Tromøy kirke) is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Arendal Municipality in Agder county, Norway. It is located in the village of Brekka on the east coast of the island of Tromøy. It is one of the churches for the Tromøy parish which is part of the Arendal prosti (deanery) in the Diocese of Agder og Telemark. The white, stone church was built around the year 1150 using plans drawn up by an unknown architect. The church seats about 290 people. This was the main church for the municipality of Tromøy from 1878 until its dissolution in 1992.The church was originally built in a long church design around the year 1150 and over the centuries it was enlarged and expanded. In 1748, the church was converted into a cruciform design by the architect Ole Nielsen Weierholt. As a medieval building, it automatically has protected cultural heritage status.The church stands between Hove and Brekka, on the outer shore of the island of Tromøy. Before afforestation took place in the late 1900s, the church was visible from the sea. The church was used as a landmark for navigation in the Skagerrak because it was an easily recognizable element in the outline of the coast seen by sailors. It is marked on all nautical charts, and until 1940 the National Office for Lighthouses and Coastal Safety (Statens fyr- og merkevesen) was responsible for painting the church's south walls white.
<Fred_Dubois>	Fred Thomas Dubois (May 29, 1851 – February 14, 1930) was a controversial American politician from Idaho who served two terms in the United States Senate. He was best known for his opposition to the gold standard and his efforts to disenfranchise Mormon voters.Dubois was of part French-Canadian descent. His paternal grandfather, Toussaint Dubois, was an immigrant who distinguished himself at the Battle of Tippecanoe. His surname was pronounced "deh-bwah" and he was said to have "hated it" when people pronounced the "-bois" suffix as "boys," which he found "insufferable." Dubois' father, Jesse Kilgore Dubois, was an official at the U.S. Land Office in Palestine, Illinois, a former judge and state legislator, an early supporter of the Republican Party, and a close friend of fellow Illinois Republican Abraham Lincoln. In 1856 the elder Dubois was elected Illinois state auditor and moved the family to the state capital, Springfield.Fred Dubois studied at Yale College from 1870 to 1872, where he was elected to Scroll and Key. He then participated in business until 1875, when he was appointed to the board of railroad and warehouse commissioners of Illinois. He held this position for one year, resigning shortly before the death of his father. In 1880, he moved to Idaho Territory with his brother, Dr. Jesse Dubois, Jr. (1850–1908), a physician.
<São_Luís,_Maranhão>	São Luís (Brazilian Portuguese: [sɐ̃w luˈis], Saint Louis) is the capital and largest city of the Brazilian state of Maranhão. The city is located on Upaon-açu Island (Big Island, in Tupi Language) or Ilha de São Luís (Saint Louis' Island), in the Baía de São Marcos (Saint Mark's Bay), an extension of the Atlantic Ocean which forms the estuary of Pindaré, Mearim, Itapecuru and other rivers. Its coordinates are 2.53° south, 44.30° west. São Luís has the second largest maritime extension within Brazilian states. Its maritime extension is 640 km (397 miles). The city proper has a population of some 1,108,975  people (2020 IBGE estimate). The metropolitan area totals 1,605,305, ranked as the 15th largest in Brazil.São Luís, created originally as Saint-Louis-de-Maragnan, is the only Brazilian state capital founded by France (see France Équinoxiale) and it is one of the three Brazilian state capitals located on islands (the others are Vitória and Florianópolis). The historic center of the city (dating from the 17th century) has its original street plan preserved and was named a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1997.The city has two major sea ports: Madeira Port and Itaqui Port, through which a substantial part of Brazil's iron ore, originating from the (pre)-Amazon region, is exported. The city's main industries are metallurgical with Alumar, and Vale. São Luís is home of the Federal University of Maranhão.
<The_Myth_of_Male_Power>	The Myth of Male Power: Why Men are the Disposable Sex is a 1993 book by Warren Farrell, in which the author argues that the widespread perception of men having inordinate social and economic power is false, and that men are systematically disadvantaged in many ways.Like Herb Goldberg's The Hazards of Being Male, Farrell's The Myth of Male Power is considered a standard of the men's movement, and has been translated into several languages, including German and Italian.In The Myth of Male Power, Warren Farrell offered his first in-depth outline of the thesis he would eventually apply in his subsequent books—books on communication (Women Can’t Hear What Men Don’t Say), parenting (Father and Child Reunion), and the workplace (Why Men Earn More).
<Myles_Connolly>	Myles Connolly (October 7, 1897 – July 15, 1964) was an American writer and a Hollywood screenwriter/producer.Myles Connolly was born in Roxbury, Massachusetts (a neighborhood-suburb of Boston) in 1897. Connolly received his college preparatory education at Boston Latin School and then graduated as salutatorian from Boston College in 1918.   After serving one year in the U.S. Navy during World War I, Connolly worked as a newspaper reporter with The Boston Post.  As a reporter, he was able to lay claim to being one of the few journalists ever granted the opportunity to interview President Calvin Coolidge. For many years, Connolly was a frequent contributor of verse and short stories to national magazines; in 1928 he served on the first board of directors of the Catholic Book Club.For four years, Myles Connolly was editor of Columbia, the official Knights of Columbus magazine. In a 1951 interview with Pilot which was the official publication of the Archdiocese of Boston, "Connolly recalled that he wrote much of the magazine himself in the middle of the night, sometimes using pseudonyms for various articles". Even so, in his tenure as magazine editor, the magazine published 5 original articles by G.K. Chesterton and 10 original articles by Hilaire Belloc. When the Catholic Church in Mexico was persecuted during the imposition of Calles Law and Knights of Columbus leadership spoke out against the Mexican government as well as against the silence of the U.S. government, Columbia editor Connolly boldly produced a November 1926 issue cover with Knights carrying banners declaring "Liberty" and "The Red Peril of Mexico". As a result, the Mexican legislature "banned the Order and the magazine throughout the country".
<St._Rose_of_Lima's_Church_(Manhattan)>	The Church of St. Rose of Lima is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York, located at 510 West 165th Street between Audubon and Amsterdam Avenues in the Washington Heights neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.  The Romanesque Revival church was designed by Joseph H. McGuire and built in 1902–05.The parish was established in July 1901 by the Most Rev. Michael A. Corrigan, Archbishop of New York. A parish in Manhattan had already been dedicated to St. Rose of Lima in 1868, and another existed in Parkville, Brooklyn. Upon this parish's founding, the now demolished Old St. Rose of Lima's Church on the Lower East Side was simply known as St. Rose's to distinguish itself from this parish. The current pastor of St. Rose of Lima Church is Reverend Ramón López. Currently, there are no parochial vicars at St. Rose of Lima Church.Corrigan had the double-height brick and stone Romanesque Revival-styke church built in 1902–1905 to designs by architect Joseph H. McGuire for $70,000. Cardinal Farley dedicated the structure on December 10, 1905. Next door, a four-story and basement brick-and-stone rectory was built in 1903–1904 to the designs by the same architect for $16,000. This building was completed and blessed by Msgr. Lavelle, V.G., on March 19, 1904.
<Caracas>	Caracas (/kəˈrækəs, -ˈrɑːk-/, Spanish: [kaˈɾakas]), officially Santiago de León de Caracas, abbreviated as CCS, is the capital and largest city of Venezuela, and the center of the Metropolitan Region of Caracas (or Greater Caracas). Caracas is located along the Guaire River in the northern part of the country, within the Caracas Valley of the Venezuelan coastal mountain range (Cordillera de la Costa). The valley is close to the Caribbean Sea, separated from the coast by a steep 2,200-meter-high (7,200 ft) mountain range, Cerro El Ávila; to the south there are more hills and mountains. The Metropolitan Region of Caracas has an estimated population of almost 5 million inhabitants.The center of the city is still Catedral, located near Bolívar Square, though some consider the center to be Plaza Venezuela, located in the Los Caobos area. Businesses in the city include service companies, banks, and malls. Caracas has a largely service-based economy, apart from some industrial activity in its metropolitan area. The Caracas Stock Exchange and Petróleos de Venezuela (PDVSA) are headquartered in Caracas. Empresas Polar is the largest private company in Venezuela. Caracas is also Venezuela's cultural capital, with many restaurants, theaters, museums, and shopping centers. Caracas has some of the tallest skyscrapers in Latin America, such as the Parque Central Towers. The Museum of Contemporary Art of Caracas is one of the most important in South America.
<Édouard_Niermans_(architect)>	Édouard-Jean Niermans (born Eduard Johan Niermans) (30 May 1859 – 19 October 1928) was a famous Dutch-born French architect during the Belle Époque.Eduard Johan Niermans was born on 30 May 1859 in Enschede, son of the architect Gerrit Doorwaard Niermans (1807-1871) and his fourth wife, Johanna Margaretha Sangster (1817-1869).He was the youngest of their four children.He studied at the Polytechnic School in Delft, earning his diploma in 1883.Having a taste for French culture, he moved to 41 quai d'Anjou in Paris, where he tried to gain recognition at first as a designer of furniture and interior decorations. As a member of the Dutch community in Paris he was chosen to build the Dutch pavilion at the Exposition Universelle (1889) in collaboration with nl:Christiaan Posthumus Meyjes sr.He was awarded the Legion of Honor for this notable work.Niermans definitely returned to architecture in 1891, and by 1894 his personal style had emerged from the Dutch influence. It was based on an extensive knowledge of styles of the past and the expectations of the public. Modern materials allow him to combine taste for the past with modern comfort for customers. He was naturalized as a French citizen in 1895 and joined the Central Society of Architecture, sponsored by the famous architect Charles Garnier.
<Artur_Avila>	Artur Avila Cordeiro de Melo (born 29 June 1979) is a Brazilian and naturalized French mathematician working primarily in the fields of dynamical systems and spectral theory. He is one of the winners of the 2014 Fields Medal, being the first Latin American and lusophone to win such an award. He has been a researcher at both the IMPA and the CNRS (working a half-year in each one). He has been a professor at the University of Zurich since September 2018.At the age of 16, Avila won a gold medal at the 1995 International Mathematical Olympiad and received a scholarship for the Instituto Nacional de Matemática Pura e Aplicada (IMPA) to start a M.S. degree while still attending high school in Colégio de São Bento and Colégio Santo Agostinho in Rio de Janeiro. He completed his M.S. degree in 1997. Later he enrolled in the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro (UFRJ), earning his B.S in mathematics.
<Goucher_College>	Goucher College (/ˈɡaʊtʃər/ (listen) GOW-chər) is a private liberal arts college in Towson, Maryland. It was chartered in 1885 by a conference in Baltimore led by namesake John F. Goucher and local leaders of the Methodist Episcopal Church. Goucher was a women's college until becoming coeducational in 1986. As of 2020[update], Goucher had 1,480 undergraduates studying 33 majors and six interdisciplinary fields and 700 graduate students. Goucher also grants professional certificates in writing and education and offers a postbaccalaureate premedical program.Originally situated in central Baltimore, Goucher moved to its current campus in downtown Towson in 1953. Goucher is a member of the Landmark Conference and competes in the NCAA's Division III in sports including lacrosse, tennis, soccer, volleyball, basketball, and horseback riding. Goucher is among the few colleges in the United States to require study abroad of all undergraduates and was one of forty institutions profiled in Colleges That Change Lives by Loren Pope. Its alumni include journalist Jonah Goldberg, former First Lady of Puerto Rico Lucé Vela, Judge Ellen Lipton Hollander of the District Court for the District of Maryland, 27th Vice Commandant of the United States Coast Guard Sally Brice-O'Hara, former president of First Republic Bank Katherine August-DeWilde, and the third president of California State University, San Marcos, Karen S. Haynes.
<Jacqueline_Piatigorsky>	Jacqueline Rebecca Louise Piatigorsky (née de Rothschild; November 6, 1911 – July 15, 2012) was a French-American chess player, author, sculptor, philanthropist, and arts patron. She was a member of the Rothschild banking family of France.The daughter of the wealthy and influential banker Édouard Alphonse de Rothschild, and Germaine Alice Halphen, she was the sister of Guy de Rothschild and Bethsabée de Rothschild. She was born in Paris, France. De Rothschild was raised in the Château de Ferrières in the country in Île-de-France, and at a home in the city in what is known as the "Talleyrand Building," a mansion at 2 rue Saint-Florentin that today is part of the United States Embassy complex in Paris.According to her 1988 memoir Jump in the Waves, her parents were cold and distant and left her upbringing to an indifferent nanny. As a result, she grew into a timid, near-reclusive, young woman who at age 19 married publisher Robert Calmann-Lévy (1899–1982), a distant relative. This marriage ended after five years in 1935, and two years later she married the renowned cellist Gregor Piatigorsky. Their daughter Jephta was born in France in 1937.
<American_Broadcasting-Paramount_Theatres>	American Broadcasting-Paramount Theatres, Inc. (originally United Paramount Theatres, later the American Broadcasting Companies and  ABC Television) was the post-merger parent company of the American Broadcasting Company and United Paramount Theatres.United Paramount Theatres, Inc. (UPT) was incorporated on November 15, 1949, as a spin off of Paramount Pictures' movie theater operations pursuant to the Supreme Court anti-trust ruling in United States v. Paramount Pictures, Inc.. UPT took over Paramount's theater chains, which included Balaban and Katz, a Chicago-based circuit that also included some broadcasting interests. 800 of the 1,450 Paramount theaters were to be divested. A court appointed trustee would control UPT stock for five years to ensure separate ownership of the two businesses. Paramount stockholders were to receive stock in both companies, with a conversion provision that would allow a shareholder to exchange its stock in one successor into the other company's stock. Leonard Goldenson, who had headed the theater chain since 1938, remained as UPT's president. With the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) looking to enter television, UPT had the cash from the divested theaters and was looking to invest that money elsewhere, as it was barred from film making. ABC also considered International Telephone & Telegraph and General Tire, before accepting UPT's offer.In 1950, UPT acquired a 1/3 share of Microwave Associates, Inc., a consulting and research company for millimeter-wave technology.
<Beautiful_Rain>	Beautiful Rain (ビューティフルレイン) is a 2012 Japanese television series. It features actor Etsushi Toyokawa and Mana Ashida as Keisuke and Miu respectively, a father and daughter pair. Keisuke was suddenly diagnosed with Early-onset Alzheimer's disease, which drastically affected their family's life.Kazoku no Uta was aired from 1 July 2012 as part of Fuji Television's Dramatic Sunday time slot, which airs every Sunday from 9pm to 9:54pm.
<Apollon_Smyrni_F.C.>	Apollon Smyrnis Football Club (Greek: ΠΑΕ Απόλλων Σμύρνης), or in its full name Gymnasticos Syllogos Apollon Smyrnis (Greek: Γυμναστικός Σύλλογος Απόλλων Σμύρνης, Gymnastics Club Apollon of Smyrna) is a professional football club based in Rizoupoli in the city of Athens, Greece. It participates in the Greek Super League 2.It was founded in Smyrna, Ottoman Empire, by Anatolian Greeks in 1891 and is one of the oldest Hellenic sports clubs. Following the compulsory population exchange between Greece and Turkey the club was re-established in Athens Greece in 1923 and is also known as Apollon Athens.Apollon Smyrnis has also departments basketball, volleyball, water polo and other sports.Apollon Smyrnis was founded in 1891 by former members of club Orpheus. Orpheus (subsequently Panionios) had been founded one year earlier in 1890. Among the founders of Apollon were prominent residents of Smyrna such as Chrysostomos of Smyrna and Vasilis Samios.
<Action_(Canadian_TV_channel)>	Action (formerly known as Showcase Action) was a Canadian English language specialty channel owned by Corus Entertainment. The channel was established as a spin-off of Showcase focused on action genre films and television series. Following a rebrand in 2009, the channel would eventually shift to general-interest, male-targeting programming.The channel was first launched on September 7, 2001; it was shut down on April 1, 2019, at midnight ET and was replaced by Adult Swim.In November 2000, Showcase Television Inc., a division of Alliance Atlantis, was granted approval by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) to launch a television channel called Action Television, described as "a national English-language Category 2 specialty television service devoted to action movies and series primarily driven by a fast-paced fictional plot featuring car chases, explosions, special effects, or martial arts." The channel launched on September 7, 2001, as Showcase Action, a spin-off of another Alliance Atlantis television channel, Showcase. Showcase Action's slogan, on-air and in advertising, was "Get Some."
<Ernest_Lawrence>	Ernest Orlando Lawrence (August 8, 1901 – August 27, 1958) was an American nuclear physicist and winner of the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1939 for his invention of the cyclotron. He is known for his work on uranium-isotope separation for the Manhattan Project, as well as for founding the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory.A graduate of the University of South Dakota and University of Minnesota, Lawrence obtained a PhD in physics at Yale in 1925. In 1928, he was hired as an associate professor of physics at the University of California, Berkeley, becoming the youngest full professor there two years later. In its library one evening, Lawrence was intrigued by a diagram of an accelerator that produced high-energy particles. He contemplated how it could be made compact, and came up with an idea for a circular accelerating chamber between the poles of an electromagnet. The result was the first cyclotron.
<Tales_of_the_South_Pacific>	Tales of the South Pacific is a Pulitzer Prize-winning collection of sequentially related short stories by James A. Michener about the Pacific campaign in World War II. The stories are based on observations and anecdotes he collected while stationed as a lieutenant commander in the US Navy at the Espiritu Santo Naval Base on the island of Espiritu Santo in the New Hebrides Islands (now known as Vanuatu).Written in 1946 and published in 1947, the book was loosely adapted in 1949 as the Broadway musical South Pacific, which itself formed the basis of two films dating from 1958 and 2001.The stories take place in the environs of the Coral Sea and the Solomon Islands. Michener as narrator gives a first-person voice to several of the stories as an unnamed "Commander", performing duties similar to those that he himself performed during World War II.
<Gwyneth_Jones_(novelist)>	Gwyneth Jones (born 14 February 1952) is an English science fiction and fantasy writer and critic, and a young adult/children's writer under the pen name Ann Halam.Jones was born in Manchester, England. Education at a convent school was followed by an undergraduate degree in European history of ideas at the University of Sussex. She has written for younger readers since 1980 under the pseudonym Ann Halam and, under that name, has published more than twenty novels. In 1984 Divine Endurance, a science fiction novel for adults, was published under her own name and in which she created the term gynoid. She continues to write using these two names for the respective audiences.
<Oberlin_College>	Oberlin College is a private liberal arts college and conservatory of music in Oberlin, Ohio. It is the oldest coeducational liberal arts college in the United States and the second oldest continuously operating coeducational institute of higher learning in the world. The Oberlin Conservatory of Music is the oldest continuously operating conservatory in the United States. In 1835, Oberlin became one of the first colleges in the United States to admit African Americans, and in 1837 the first to admit women (other than Franklin College's brief experiment in the 1780s). It has been known since its founding for progressive student activism.The College of Arts & Sciences offers more than 50 majors, minors, and concentrations. Oberlin is a member of the Great Lakes Colleges Association and the Five Colleges of Ohio consortium. Since its founding, Oberlin has graduated 16 Rhodes Scholars, 20 Truman Scholars, 12 MacArthur fellows, four Rome Prize winners, seven Pulitzer Prize winners, and four Nobel laureates.Oberlin College was preceded by Oberlin Institute, founded in 1833. The college's founders wrote voluminously and featured prominently in the press, especially the abolitionist newspaper The Liberator, in which the name Oberlin occurred 352 times by 1865. Original documents and correspondence survive and are readily available. There is a "wealth of primary documents and scholarly works". Robert Samuel Fletcher (class of 1920) published a history in 1943 that is a landmark and the point of departure of all subsequent studies of Oberlin's history. His disciple Geoffrey Blodgett (1953) continued Fletcher's work.
<Ericsson>	Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (lit. "Telephone Stock Company of LM Ericsson"), commonly known as Ericsson, is a Swedish multinational networking and telecommunications company headquartered in Stockholm. The company sells infrastructure, software, and services in information and communications technology for telecommunications service providers and enterprises, including, among others, 3G, 4G, and 5G equipment, and Internet Protocol (IP) and optical transport systems. The company employs around 100,000 people and operates in more than 180 countries. Ericsson has over 57,000 granted patents.Ericsson has been a major contributor to the development of the telecommunications industry and is one of the leaders in 5G.
<Zanabazar>	Öndör Gegeen Zanabazar (born Eshidorji) was the sixteenth Jebtsundamba Khutuktu and the first Bogd Gegeen or supreme spiritual authority, of the Gelugpa (Yellow Hat) lineage of Tibetan Buddhism in Mongolia.The son of a Mongol Tüsheet Khan, Zanabazar was declared spiritual leader of Khalkha Mongols by a convocation of nobles in 1639 when he was just four years old. The 5th Dalai Lama (1617–1682) later recognized him as the reincarnation of the Buddhist scholar Taranatha and bestowed on him the Sanskrit name Jñānavajra (Sanskrit: ज्ञानवज्र, Zanabazar in Mongolian) meaning "thunderbolt scepter of wisdom". Over the course of nearly 60 years, Zanabazar advanced the Gelugpa school of Buddhism among the Mongols, supplanting or synthesizing Sakya or "Red Hat" Buddhist traditions that had prevailed in the area, while strongly influencing social and political developments in 17th century Mongolia. His close ties with both Khalka Mongol leaders and the devout Kangxi Emperor facilitated the Khalkha's submission to Qing rule in 1691.In addition to his spiritual and political roles, Zanabazar was a polymath – a prodigious sculptor, painter, architect, poet, costume designer, scholar and linguist, who is credited with launching Mongolia's seventeenth century cultural renaissance. He is best known for his intricate and elegant Buddhist sculptures created in the Nepali-derived style, two of the most famous being the White Tara and Varajradhara, sculpted in the 1680s. To aid translation of sacred Tibetan texts, he created the Soyombo script from which sprang the Soyombo that later became a national symbol of Mongolia. Zanabazar used his artistic output to promote Buddhism among all levels of Khalkha society and unify Khalkha Mongol tribes during a time of social and political turmoil.
<The_Bridge_of_San_Luis_Rey>	The Bridge of San Luis Rey is American author Thornton Wilder's second novel. It was first published in 1927 to worldwide acclaim. The novel won the Pulitzer Prize in 1928, and was the best-selling work of fiction that year.The Bridge of San Luis Rey tells the story of several interrelated people who die in the collapse of an Inca rope bridge in Peru, and the events that lead up to their being on the bridge. A friar who witnesses the accident then goes about inquiring into the lives of the victims, seeking some sort of cosmic answer to the question of why each had to die.The first few pages of the first chapter explain the book's basic premise: the story centers on a fictional event that happened in Peru on the road between Lima and Cuzco, at noon on Friday, July 20, 1714. A rope bridge woven by the Inca a century earlier collapsed at that particular moment, while five people were crossing it, sending them falling from a great height to their deaths in the river below. The collapse was witnessed by Brother Juniper, a Franciscan friar who was on his way to cross the bridge himself. A deeply pious man who seeks to provide some sort of empirical evidence that might prove to the world God's Divine Providence, he sets out to interview everyone he can find who knew the five victims. Over the course of six years, he compiles a huge book of all of the evidence he gathers to show that the beginning and end of a person is all part of God's plan for that person. Part One foretells the burning of the book that occurs at the end of the novel, but it also says that one copy of Brother Juniper's book survives and is at the library of the University of San Marco, where it now sits neglected.
<Frisbee_(sculpture)>	Coordinates: 44°0′35.09″N 73°10′39.87″W﻿ / ﻿44.0097472°N 73.1777417°W﻿ / 44.0097472; -73.1777417Frisbee, is a public artwork by American artist Patrick Villiers Farrow, located on the Middlebury College campus center green, in front of Munroe Hall in Middlebury, Vermont, United States. The overall dimensions of this bronze sculpture are  68 inches (170 cm) tall, 28 inches (71 cm) long, and 36 inches (91 cm) wide. It is attached to an underground concrete foundation. The sculpture was cast by Agros Art Casting Foundry, Brewster, New York and dedicated in 1989.Frisbee depicts a dog leaping into the air, with three legs off the ground, catching a disc in its mouth. The dog's left hind leg is on the ground and its head is turned to the right.
<Sheffield_United_F.C.>	Sheffield United Football Club is a professional football club in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England, which compete in the EFL Championship. They are nicknamed "the Blades" due to Sheffield's history of cutlery production. The team have played home games at Bramall Lane since their formation. For most of the club's history, United have played in red and white striped shirts with black shorts. Their main rivals are Sheffield Wednesday, with whom they contest the Steel City derby.
<Human_Chain>	Human chain may refer to:
<Fordham_University>	Fordham University (/ˈfɔːrdəm/) is a private Jesuit research university in New York City. Established in 1841 and named after the Fordham neighborhood of the Bronx in which its original campus is located, Fordham is the oldest Catholic and Jesuit university in the northeastern United States and the third-oldest university in New York State.Founded as St. John's College by John Hughes, then a coadjutor bishop of New York, the college was placed in the care of the Society of Jesus shortly thereafter, and has since become a Jesuit-affiliated independent school under a lay board of trustees. The college's first president, John McCloskey, was later the first Catholic cardinal in the United States. While governed independently of the church since 1969, every president of Fordham University between 1846 and 2022 was a Jesuit priest, and the curriculum remains influenced by Jesuit educational principles. Fordham is the only Jesuit tertiary institution in New York City.
<Osher_Günsberg>	Osher Günsberg (born Andrew Jonas Günsberg), recognised by his former stage name Andrew G, is a British-Australian television and radio presenter and journalist. He is the host of the reality TV series The Bachelor Australia, The Bachelorette Australia and Bachelor in Paradise Australia. He is also the narrator of the factual TV series Bondi Rescue as well as the host of the music talent show The Masked Singer Australia.He is also known for his hosting roles on Channel [V], Australian Idol, Live to Dance on CBS and radio shows including Take 40 Australia and The Hot Hits. Günsberg also narrated the factual television program Recruits. He was a regular contributor to The Project.
<Hrvatski_Telekom>	T-Hrvatski Telekom d.d. is a Croatian telecommunications company. Since its initial public offering in October 2007, T-Hrvatski Telekom shares have traded on the Zagreb Stock Exchange, with global depositary receipts trading on the London Stock Exchange until 2014. As of 2016, Deutsche Telekom AG owned 51% of T-HT's shares, with the Raiffeisen Mandatory Pension Funds, Croatian War Veterans’ Fund and the Croatian government's Restructuring and Sale Center holding 8.9%, 6.7% and 2.9% respectively. The remaining free float was in the hands of private investors.The company offers fixed telephony, broadband internet, IPTV, and mobile telephony as its main services.The company was founded on 28 December 1998 after the separation of the Croatian Post and Telecommunications into two entities: Croatian Post and Croatian Telecom, which started their business operations on 1 January 1999.
<Bill_Self>	Billy Eugene Self Jr. (born December 27, 1962) is an American basketball coach. He is the head men's basketball coach at the University of Kansas, a position he has held since 2003. During his 19 seasons as head coach, he has led the Jayhawks to 16 Big 12 regular season championships, including an NCAA record 14 consecutive Big 12 regular season championships, some of which were shared (2005–2018). He has also led the Jayhawks to four NCAA Final Four appearances (2008, 2012, 2018, 2022), the 2008 NCAA championship and 2022 NCAA championship. Self was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2017. At the end of the 2021–22 season, Self had the 18th most wins among Division I coaches in NCAA history and 4th among active head coaches. He is the second-winningest coach in Kansas history, behind only Hall of Famer Phog Allen and is the only coach in Kansas history to lead Kansas to multiple NCAA Tournament National Championships.As coach at Kansas, Self has a record of 292–16 (.948 win percentage) at Allen Fieldhouse. In his tenure at Kansas, Self has had 3 home winning streaks of more than 30 wins including a school-record and 11th-best all-time 69 game streak. During his tenure at Kansas, he has recruited several McDonald's All-Americans to Kansas, including Mario Chalmers, Darrell Arthur, Xavier Henry, Andrew Wiggins, Cliff Alexander, Wayne Selden Jr., Cheick Diallo, and Josh Jackson. Under Self, Kansas rarely loses consecutive games, only thirteen times since taking over.[citation needed] As of April 2022, Self is 108–15 following a loss at Kansas and has only had three three-game losing streaks. He has never lost more than three games in a row.[citation needed] Self’s teams at Kansas are also consistently ranked. As of April 2022, Kansas has only played 41 of his 680 games as head coach unranked.[citation needed]
<Mervyn's>	Mervyn's was an American middle-scale department store chain based in Hayward, California, and founded by Mervin G. Morris (1920–2021). It carried national brands of clothing, footwear, bedding, furniture, jewelry, beauty products, electronics, and housewares. Many of the company's stores were opened in shopping malls; however, some locations were operated independently. Based on 2005 revenue, Mervyn's was the 83rd largest retailer in the United States.In 2006, Mervyn's had 189 stores in 10 states. One year later, Mervyn's had reduced its store count to 177 stores in seven states. On October 17, 2008, the company announced that it would liquidate its assets through a Chapter 7 filing. All remaining locations were closed by the end of the year. The Morris family, having bought back intellectual property rights to the company in 2009, announced plans to relaunch Mervyn's as an internet-based enterprise. The proposed revival never came to fruition.Mervin G. Morris founded the first Mervyn's store in San Lorenzo, California, on July 29, 1949. The store was supposed to be named Mervin's, but a designer suggested that a spelling with a "y" instead of an "i" would be more visually appealing. Mervyn's was located in the midst of San Lorenzo Village, a planned residential community between the cities of Hayward and San Leandro, composed of two- and three-bedroom tract homes built between 1944 and the 1950s. Mervyn's carved a niche for itself by having a relatively no-frills shopping environment that reduced overhead, enabling the store to price merchandise lower than competing department stores. Mervyn's also offered significantly-discounted factory seconds of basics such as jeans, T-shirts, underwear and similar garments, as well as household linens, with flaws minor and undetectable by most. During the 1950s and 1960s, this made Mervyn's popular with the young suburban families comprising the majority of San Lorenzo's population. This marketing strategy was later abandoned before Mervyn's expanded beyond its original single location, but Mervyn's remained popular as a lower-priced alternative to national department store chains.
<Birmingham,_Alabama>	Birmingham (/ˈbɜːrmɪŋhæm/ BUR-ming-ham) is a city in the north central region of the U.S. state of Alabama. Birmingham is the seat of Jefferson County, Alabama's most populous county. As of the 2021 census estimates, Birmingham had a population of 197,575, down 1% from the 2020 Census, making it Alabama's third-most populous city after Huntsville and Montgomery. The broader Birmingham metropolitan area had a 2020 population of 1,115,289, and is the largest metropolitan area in Alabama as well as the 50th-most populous in the United States. Birmingham serves as an important regional hub and is associated with the Deep South, Piedmont, and Appalachian regions of the nation.Birmingham was founded in 1871, during the post-Civil War Reconstruction period, through the merger of three pre-existing farm towns, notably, Elyton. It grew from there, annexing many more of its smaller neighbors, into an industrial and railroad transportation center with a focus on mining, the iron and steel industry, and railroading. Birmingham was named for Birmingham, England, one of that nation's major industrial cities. Most of the original settlers who founded Birmingham were of English ancestry. The city may have been planned as a place where cheap, non-unionized, and often African-American labor from rural Alabama could be employed in the city's steel mills and blast furnaces, giving it a competitive advantage over industrial cities in the Midwest and Northeast.
<João_Moreira_(footballer,_born_1986)>	João Vítor Rocha de Carvalho Moreira (born 7 February 1986) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for New Zealand club Manukau United FC as a forward.Moreira was born in Amadora, Lisbon. Still a youngster, he made his Primeira Liga debut with C.F. Estrela da Amadora and, after that season, signed a five-year contract with Valencia CF, but was immediately loaned out to Rayo Vallecano.
<Rutgers_University–Newark>	Rutgers University–Newark is one of three regional campuses of Rutgers University, New Jersey's State University. It is located in Newark.  Rutgers, founded in 1766 in New Brunswick, is the eighth oldest college in the United States and a member of the Association of American Universities.  In 1945, the state legislature voted to make Rutgers University, then a private liberal arts college, into the state university and the following year merged the school with the former University of Newark (1936–1946), which became the Rutgers–Newark campus.  Rutgers also incorporated the College of South Jersey and South Jersey Law School, in Camden, as a constituent campus of the university and renamed it Rutgers–Camden in 1950.Rutgers–Newark offers undergraduate (bachelors) and graduate (masters, doctoral) programs to more than 12,000 students. It is classified among "R2: Doctoral Universities – High research activity". It also offers cross-registration with the  New Jersey Institute of Technology (NJIT) which borders its campus.  The campus is located on 38 acres in Newark's University Heights section.  The university host seven degree-granting undergraduate, graduate, and professional schools, including the School of Public Affairs and Administration, Rutgers Business School (which has another campus in New Brunswick) and Rutgers Law School (which has another campus in Camden), and several research institutes, including the Institute of Jazz Studies.  According to U.S. News & World Report, Rutgers–Newark is the most diverse national university in the United States.
<Anna_Harriet_Heyer>	Anna Harriet Heyer (30 August 1909 Little Rock, Arkansas – 12 August 2002 Fort Worth, Texas) was a distinguished American academic music librarian, musicologist, and bibliographer who for 26 years, from 1940 to 1966, headed the Music Library at University of North Texas.Otto Kinkeldey, a renowned music librarian and musicologist, had given a lecture in 1937 at the first joint meeting between the American Library Association and the Music Library Association in New York City.  In his lecture, Kinkeldey outlined a concept for an appropriate education in music librarianship.  Until reading the transcript, Heyer had never contemplated a specialization in music librarianship — she had not even known it existed.  The concept intrigued her because, in her words, "It would give me a chance to be within an interest that I like and still do library work."Heyer traveled to Columbia University the summer of 1938 to enroll in a course taught by Richard Angell in "Music Library Administration" — the first any such course had been offered in the country. She stayed on at Columbia for the academic year 1938–1939, earning a Master of Science in Library Science, June 1939.
<Cecil_Bothwell>	Cecil Bothwell (born 16 October 1950) is an American politician, writer, artist, musician and builder. Bothwell was elected to the Asheville, North Carolina city council in 2009 and reelected in 2013, but lost in the 2017 primary, coming in 7th out of 12 candidates.In 2011, Bothwell announced he would challenge U.S. Representative Heath Shuler in the Democratic primary for North Carolina's 11th congressional district in the 2012 U.S. House of Representatives election. On May 8, 2012, he lost the Democratic primary to Hayden Rogers by a margin of 55–30 percent.Bothwell was born in 1950 in Oak Park, Illinois, graduated from Winter Park High School lived in several states and held several jobs in the area of Asheville, North Carolina. Bothwell moved to Buncombe County, North Carolina in 1981 to work in construction with an emphasis on environmental building. He was an editor of the alternative newspaper Mountain Xpress and published nonfiction and poetry as well as music. Bothwell is the author of Usin' the Juice: an oratorio; Whale Falls: An exploration of belief and its consequences; The Prince of War: Billy Graham's Crusade for a Wholly Christian Empire, which reports on the political activity of North Carolina preacher Billy Graham; Asheville's best-selling guide book; and a syndicated column, "Duck Soup".
<Courtney_B._Vance>	Courtney Bernard Vance[citation needed] (born March 12, 1960) is an American actor. Vance started his career on the Broadway stage in the original productions of August Wilson's Fences in 1985, John Guare's Six Degrees of Separation in 1990 and Nora Ephron's Lucky Guy in 2013 for which he won a Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Play. He is known for his roles in films such as Hamburger Hill (1987), The Hunt for Red October (1990), The Preacher's Wife (1996), Cookie's Fortune (1999), Terminator Genisys (2015), and Isle of Dogs (2018).Vance is also known for work on television on shows such as Law & Order: Criminal Intent, where he portrayed Assistant District Attorney Ron Carver. He also guest-starred on Law & Order, Picket Fences, The Closer, Revenge, Scandal, and Masters of Sex. He won acclaim for his portrayal of Johnnie Cochran in the FX limited series The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story (2016) for which he received the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Limited Series or Movie. He recently appeared in the HBO television film, The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks (2017), National Geographic's limited series Genius: Aretha (2020), and the HBO drama series Lovecraft Country (2020) the latter of which earned him a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series.
<Glynis_Barber>	Glynis Barber (born Glynis van der Riet; 25 October 1955) is a South African actress. She is known for her portrayals of Sgt. Harriet Makepeace in the British police drama Dempsey and Makepeace, Glenda Mitchell in EastEnders, DCI Grace Barraclough in Emmerdale, Fiona Brake in Night and Day, and Soolin in Blake's 7. In 2022, she joined the cast of Hollyoaks as Norma Crow.Barber was born in Durban, South Africa, the daughter of Heather Maureen (Robb) and Frederick Werndly Barry van der Riet.
<Lola_Albright>	Lola Jean Albright (July 20, 1924 – March 23, 2017) was an American singer and actress, best known for playing the sultry singer Edie Hart, the girlfriend of private eye Peter Gunn, on all three seasons of the TV series Peter Gunn.Albright was born in Akron, Ohio, to Marion A. (née Harvey) and John Paul Albright, both of whom were gospel music singers. Lola's mother also was born in Ohio but her father was a native of North Dakota, who in 1930 supported the family by working as an inspector in a local insulating business.
<Barbara_Minty>	Barbara Minty (born June 11, 1953), also known as Barbara Minty McQueen, is a former fashion model who was the third wife and widow of American film star Steve McQueen.Minty was born in Seattle, Washington, and spent several years growing up in Corvallis, Oregon, graduating from Corvallis High School in 1971.Minty was signed with power modeling agents Eileen Ford and Nina Blanchard and became an in-demand model, gracing the covers of dozens of magazines as well as advertisements in the 1970s. McQueen saw Minty's photo in an advertisement and had his agent arrange a meeting with her. After dating for a few months, they were married on January 16, 1980, and she was by his side until his death. She is the author of a book about their time together, Steve McQueen – The Last Mile.
<Chad_Lowe>	Charles Davis Lowe II (born January 15, 1968) is an American actor and director. He is the younger brother of actor Rob Lowe. He won an Emmy Award for his supporting role in Life Goes On as a young man living with HIV. He has had recurring roles on ER, Melrose Place, and Now and Again. Lowe played Deputy White House Chief of Staff Reed Pollock on the sixth season of 24, and played Byron Montgomery on Pretty Little Liars.Lowe was born in Dayton, Ohio, the son of Barbara Lynn Wilson (née Hepler; 1939–2003), a teacher, and Charles Davis Lowe, a trial lawyer. His parents divorced when Lowe was young. He has an older brother, actor Rob Lowe, and two half brothers from the second marriages of his parents, the producer Micah Dyer (maternal) and Justin Lowe (paternal). Lowe was baptized into the Episcopal church. He is of German, English, Irish, Scottish, and Welsh ancestry.
<Ed_Rendell>	Edward Gene Rendell (/rɛnˈdɛl/; born January 5, 1944) is an American lawyer, prosecutor, politician, and author. He served as the 45th Governor of Pennsylvania from 2003 to 2011, as chair of the national Democratic Party, and as the 96th Mayor of Philadelphia from 1992 to 2000.Born in New York City to a Jewish family from Russia, Rendell moved to Philadelphia for college, completing his B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania and J.D. from Villanova University School of Law. He was elected District Attorney of Philadelphia for two terms from 1978 to 1986. He developed a reputation for being tough on crime, fueling a run for Governor of Pennsylvania in 1986, which Rendell lost in the primary.Elected Mayor of Philadelphia in 1991, he inherited a $250 million deficit and the lowest credit rating of any major city in the country. As mayor, he balanced Philadelphia's budget and generated a budget surplus while cutting business and wage taxes and dramatically improving services to Philadelphia neighborhoods. The New York Times stated that Philadelphia under Rendell "has made one of the most stunning turnarounds in recent urban history." Nicknamed "America's Mayor" by Al Gore, Rendell served as Chairman of the Democratic National Committee during the 2000 presidential election.
<Indie_Built>	Access Software, Inc. was an American video game developer based in Salt Lake City, Utah. Founded in November 1982 by Bruce Carver and Chris Jones, the company created the Beach Head, Links and Tex Murphy series, as well as Raid over Moscow. Access Software was acquired by Microsoft in April 1999, transitioning in name twice before being acquired by Take-Two Interactive in October 2004, receiving the name Indie Built. In January 2005, Access Software became part of Take-Two's 2K label. Following a poor financial performance at Take-Two, Indie Built was closed down in May 2006.TruGolf, a company that develops indoor golf simulators, was formerly a subsidiary of Access Software based on the display technology they had made for the Links games and spun out to its own company during the Microsoft acquisition. Following the closure by Take-Two, many of the studio's developers went to TruGolf. Separately, Jones has established Big Finish Games to continue the Tex Murphy series.
<David_Owen>	David Anthony Llewellyn Owen, Baron Owen, CH, PC, FRCP (born 2 July 1938) is a British politician and physician who served as Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs as a Labour Party MP under James Callaghan from 1977 to 1979.Owen served as British Foreign Secretary from 1977 to 1979, at the age of 38 the youngest person in over forty years to hold the post. In 1981, Owen was one of the "Gang of Four" who left the Labour Party to found the Social Democratic Party (SDP). He was the only member of the Gang of Four who did not join the Liberal Democrats, which was founded when the SDP merged with the Liberal Party. Owen led the Social Democratic Party from 1983 to 1987, and the continuing SDP from 1988 to 1990. Appointed as a life peer in 1992, he sat in the House of Lords as a crossbencher until March 2014, and now sits as an "independent social democrat".
<Jack_Lewis,_Baron_Lewis_of_Newnham>	Jack Lewis, Baron Lewis of Newnham, FRS, HonFRSC (13 February 1928 – 17 July 2014) was an English chemist working mainly in the area of inorganic chemistry.Educated at Barrow Grammar School, he graduated in 1949 with a bachelor's degree in chemistry from the University of London, after which he moved to the University of Nottingham where he obtained his Ph.D.
<Paul_Dirac>	Paul Adrien Maurice Dirac OM FRS (/dɪˈræk/; 8 August 1902 – 20 October 1984) was an English theoretical physicist who is regarded as one of the most significant physicists of the 20th century. He was the Lucasian Professor of Mathematics at the University of Cambridge, a professor of physics at Florida State University and the University of Miami, and a 1933 Nobel Prize recipient.Dirac made fundamental contributions to the early development of both quantum mechanics and quantum electrodynamics. Among other discoveries, he formulated the Dirac equation which describes the behaviour of fermions and predicted the existence of antimatter. Dirac shared the 1933 Nobel Prize in Physics with Erwin Schrödinger "for the discovery of new productive forms of atomic theory". He also made significant contributions to the reconciliation of general relativity with quantum mechanics.
<Pétala_Monteiro>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Louis-Ferdinand_Céline>	Louis Ferdinand Auguste Destouches (27 May 1894 – 1 July 1961), better known by the pen name Louis-Ferdinand Céline (/seɪˈliːn/ say-LEEN, French: [selin] (listen)) was a French novelist, polemicist and physician. His first novel Journey to the End of the Night (1932) won the Prix Renaudot but divided critics due to the author's pessimistic depiction of the human condition and his writing style based on working class speech. In subsequent novels such as Death on the Installment Plan (1936), Guignol's Band (1944) and Castle to Castle (1957) Céline further developed an innovative and distinctive literary style. Maurice Nadeau wrote: "What Joyce did for the English language…what the surrealists attempted to do for the French language, Céline achieved effortlessly and on a vast scale."From 1937 Céline wrote a series of antisemitic polemical works in which he advocated a military alliance with Nazi Germany. He continued to publicly espouse antisemitic views during the German occupation of France, and after the Allied landing in Normandy in 1944 he fled to Germany and then Denmark where he lived in exile. He was convicted of collaboration by a French court in 1951, but was pardoned by a military tribunal soon after. He returned to France where he resumed his careers as a doctor and author. Céline is widely considered to be one of the greatest French novelists of the twentieth century, but remains a controversial figure in France due to his antisemitism and activities during the Second World War.
<Mankato,_Minnesota>	Mankato (/mænˈkeɪtoʊ/ man-KAY-toh) is a city in Blue Earth, Nicollet, and Le Sueur counties in the state of Minnesota. The population was 44,488 according to the 2020 census, making it the 21st-largest city in Minnesota, and the 5th-largest outside of the Minneapolis–Saint Paul metropolitan area. It is along a large bend of the Minnesota River at its confluence with the Blue Earth River. Mankato is across the Minnesota River from North Mankato. Mankato and North Mankato have a combined population of 58,763 according to the 2020 census. It completely encompasses the town of Skyline. North of Mankato Regional Airport, a tiny non-contiguous part of the city lies within Le Sueur County. Most of the city is in Blue Earth County.Mankato is the larger of the two principal cities of the Mankato-North Mankato metropolitan area, which covers Blue Earth and Nicollet Counties and had a combined population of 103,566 at the 2020 census. The U.S. Census Bureau designated Mankato a Metropolitan Statistical Area in November 2008.
<Wang_Renmei>	Wang Renmei (Chinese: 王人美; Wade–Giles: Wang Jen-mei; December 1914 – 2 April 1987) was a famous Chinese actress and singer nicknamed the "Wildcat of Shanghai".  She was mainly active during the 1930s, and her most notable film was the 1934 Song of the Fishermen (available online with English subtitles) directed by Cai Chusheng, which was the first Chinese film to win an international prize. In 2005, she was chosen as one of the 100 best actors of the 100 years of Chinese cinema.Wang was married to Jin Yan, the Korean-born "Emperor of Chinese Cinema", and later to Ye Qianyu, a prominent artist.Wang Renmei was born and grew up in Changsha, the capital of Hunan province, where her father Wang Zhengquan (王正权) was a mathematics teacher at the Changsha No. 1 Normal School. Born Wang Shuxi (王庶熙), she was the youngest of seven children. One of her father's students was Mao Zedong, a fellow Hunan native who would become China's top leader. As a young man, Mao lived in Wang's house and saw the child Renmei on a daily basis. Later Mao was director of the school that Wang Renmei attended.
<Childe_Harold's_Pilgrimage>	Childe Harold's Pilgrimage is a long narrative poem in four parts written by Lord Byron. The poem was published between 1812 and 1818. Dedicated to "Ianthe", it describes the travels and reflections of a world-weary young man, who is disillusioned with a life of pleasure and revelry and looks for distraction in foreign lands. In a wider sense, it is an expression of the melancholy and disillusionment felt by a generation weary of the wars of the post-Revolutionary and Napoleonic eras. The title comes from the term childe, a medieval title for a young man who was a candidate for knighthood.The poem was widely imitated and contributed to the cult of the wandering Byronic hero who falls into melancholic reverie as he contemplates scenes of natural beauty. Its autobiographical subjectivity was widely influential, not only in literature but in the arts of music and painting as well, and was a powerful ingredient in European Romanticism.
<Nélson_Marcos>	Nélson Augusto Tomar Marcos (born 10 June 1983), known simply as Nélson, is a Cape Verdean-born Portuguese footballer who plays as a right back.After making a name for himself at Benfica, appearing in 107 official games over three seasons, he went on to spend the vast majority of his career in Spain, representing Betis, Osasuna, Almería and Alcorcón. He also competed professionally in Italy and Cyprus.
<Premanand_Suvarna_Chandrak>	The Premanand Suvarna Chandrak or Premanand Gold Medal is a literary honour awarded every two years, though sometimes annually, to an established Gujarati writer in order to recognize and promote excellence in Gujarati writing. It is given by an institute of literature, the Premanand Sahitya Bhavan of Vadodara, in remembrance of the Gujarati poet with which it shares its name, Premanand Bhatt. Established in 1916 as the Gujarati Sahitya Sabha and renamed to be the Premanand Sahitya Bhavan in 1944, the organization and institute started this medal in 1983.List of recipients:
<Vittorio_De_Sica>	Vittorio De Sica (/də ˈsiːkə/ də SEE-kə, Italian: [vitˈtɔːrjo de ˈsiːka]; 7 July 1901 – 13 November 1974) was an Italian film director and actor, a leading figure in the neorealist movement.Four of the films he directed won Academy Awards: Sciuscià and Bicycle Thieves (honorary), while Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow and Il giardino dei Finzi Contini won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. Indeed, the great critical success of Sciuscià (the first foreign film to be so recognized by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences) and Bicycle Thieves helped establish the permanent Best Foreign Film Award. These two films are considered part of the canon of classic cinema. Bicycle Thieves was deemed the greatest film of all time by Sight & Sound magazine's poll of filmmakers and critics in 1958, and was cited by Turner Classic Movies as one of the 15 most influential films in cinema history.
<Milton_Keynes_Dons_F.C.>	Milton Keynes Dons Football Club (/ˌmɪltən ˈkiːnz ˈdɒnz/), usually abbreviated to MK Dons, is a professional association football club based in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, England. The team competes in EFL League One, the third tier of the English football league system. The club was founded in 2004, following Wimbledon F.C.'s controversial relocation to Milton Keynes from south London, when it adopted its present name, badge and home colours.Initially based at the National Hockey Stadium, the club competed as Milton Keynes Dons from the start of the 2004–05 season. The club moved to their current ground, Stadium MK, for the 2007–08 season, in which they won the League Two title and the Football League Trophy. After seven further seasons in League One, the club won promotion to the Championship in 2015 under the management of Karl Robinson; however, they were relegated back to League One after one season.
<Kim_Ho-jin>	Kim Ho-jin (born May 5, 1970) is a South Korean actor and food show host. Kim has played leading roles in the television dramas Tender Hearts (2001), Sunshine Hunting (2002), Yellow Handkerchief (2003), New Wise Mother, Good Wife (also known as Modern Housewives, 2007), Two Wives (2009), Can't Live Without You (2012), and Everybody Say Kimchi (2014).He married actress Kim Ji-ho on December 11, 2001 at the Millennium Seoul Hilton Hotel. Their daughter was born on April 8, 2004. The couple met while shooting More Than Love in 2000.
<Václav_Havel>	Václav Havel OC GCB (Czech pronunciation: [ˈvaːtslav ˈɦavɛl] (listen); 5 October 1936 – 18 December 2011) was a Czech statesman, author, poet, playwright, and former dissident. Havel served as the last president of Czechoslovakia from 1989 until the dissolution of Czechoslovakia in 1992 and then as the first president of the Czech Republic from 1993 to 2003 and was the first democratically elected president of either country after the fall of communism. As a writer of Czech literature, he is known for his plays, essays, and memoirs.His educational opportunities having been limited by his bourgeois background, when freedoms were limited by the Czechoslovak Socialist Republic, Havel first rose to prominence as a playwright. In works such as The Garden Party and The Memorandum, Havel used an absurdist style to criticize the Communist system. After participating in the Prague Spring and being blacklisted after the Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia, he became more politically active and helped found several dissident initiatives, including Charter 77 and the Committee for the Defense of the Unjustly Prosecuted. His political activities brought him under the surveillance of the StB secret police, and he spent multiple periods as a political prisoner, the longest of his imprisoned terms being nearly four years, between 1979 and 1983.
<Nikolaas_Tinbergen>	Nikolaas "Niko" Tinbergen FRS (/ˈtɪnbɜːrɡən/; Dutch: [ˈnikoːlaːs ˈnikoː ˈtɪnbɛrɣən]; 15 April 1907 – 21 December 1988) was a Dutch biologist and ornithologist who shared the 1973 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Karl von Frisch and Konrad Lorenz for their discoveries concerning the organization and elicitation of individual and social behavior patterns in animals. He is regarded as one of the founders of modern ethology, the study of animal behavior.In 1951, he published The Study of Instinct, an influential book on animal behaviour.In the 1960s, he collaborated with filmmaker Hugh Falkus on a series of wildlife films, including The Riddle of the Rook (1972) and Signals for Survival (1969), which won the Italia prize in that year and the American blue ribbon in 1971.
<Hannibal_(film)>	Hannibal (247–183/182 BC) was a Carthaginian general who fought the Roman Republic in the Second Punic War.Hannibal may also refer to:
<George_Cary_(architect)>	George Cary (1859 – May 5, 1945), was a major American architect from New York State known for his designs for the Pan-American Exposition of 1901 in Buffalo, New York.George Cary was born in 1859.  He was one of seven children born to prominent Buffalo resident, Dr. Walter Cary (1818–1881) and Julia Cary (née Love).  His siblings included: Trumbull Cary; Thomas Cary; Charles Cary, who in 1879 married Evelyn Rumsey; Jennie Cary, who married Laurence D. Rumsey; Walter Cary Jr.; and Seward Cary.  His nephew through his sister Jennie, was Charles Cary Rumsey (1879–1922), who married Mary Harriman, daughter of millionaire railroad executive E. H. Harriman and Mary Williamson.Cary was the paternal grandson of Trumbull Cary (1787–1869), a New York State Senator and Assemblyman.  His maternal grand-uncle was Brig. General George Maltby Love.
<Lisa_Hammond_(actress)>	Lisa Jayne Hammond (born 3 June 1978) is an English actress, known for her roles as Donna Yates in EastEnders and as Tina in Max and Paddy's Road to Nowhere.  In 2005, she had a minor role in the BBC adaptation of Charles Dickens' Bleak House. In 2011, she appeared in the first series of Psychoville.She played the character Denny in Grange Hill between 1994 and 1996. Hammond did not star in any major roles again until 2004 when she played Tina in Max and Paddy's Road to Nowhere.  However, she had minor appearances in television programmes such as Holby City, Where the Heart Is and Casualty, and in the film Quills. Hammond also played the major role of the herald in the Royal Shakespeare Company revival of Marat/Sade in 2011. In 2004 she co-starred with Mat Fraser in the TV movie Every time you look at me [1]  In 2005, she played Harriet in the BBC TV mini series, Bleak House, whilst in 2009 and 2011 Hammond played Kerry in the first and second series of TV comedy Psychoville.
<Veneto_Banca>	Veneto Banca S.p.A. is a former Italian bank headquartered in Montebelluna, Italy and currently a wind-down unit.The bank changed from a cooperative society to a limited company in December 2015. Following a failed stock market listing in June 2016 it was taken over by a bail-out fund, Atlante. However, after a heavy loan write-down in 2016 financial year, as well as a scandal on selling own new shares to depositors in the past, European Central Bank announced the bank was insolvent on 23 June 2017, and would be broken up (wound up) into a good and a bad bank. Intesa Sanpaolo, the largest bank of Italy by capitalization, announced that it would be interested in buying certain good assets (and corresponding liabilities) of the bank for a token fee. A contract to acquire the "good bank" (excluding Banca Intermobiliare) was signed on 26 June, after the European Commission approved the state aid of Italy to Intesa Sanpaolo for increasing the capital ratio of the "good bank" on 25 June.According to a research by Ricerche e Studi, the bank was ranked 16th by total assets, using 2015 data. The bank was one of the fourteen largest banks of Italy, which were supervised by European Central Bank directly.
<Ruppert_Stadium_(Newark)>	Left Field – 305 ft Left Center – 365 ft Center Field – 410 ft Right Center – 365 ft Ruppert Stadium was a baseball stadium in Newark, New Jersey, in the area now known as the Ironbound. Originally named Davids' Stadium after Charles L. Davids, owner of the Newark Bears, it was home to the minor league Newark Bears of the International League from 1926 to 1949, and to the Negro leagues Newark Stars in 1926 and Newark Eagles from 1936 to 1948. It was also the home field of the short-lived Newark Bears of the first American Football League in 1926. The stadium was named for Jacob Ruppert, a baseball team owner who built the farm system of the New York Yankees.In October 1952, the Yankees organization announced their intention to tear down the 14,000-seat stadium and sell the land for real estate development. The local Board of Education stepped in to purchase the stadium for $275,000 and converted the property into a school recreation center. In 1967 the stadium was demolished and the land was sold again the following year to the Vita Food Products company, which built a food plant on the site.
<Carl_Hagenbeck>	Carl Hagenbeck (10 June 1844 – 14 April 1913) was a German merchant of wild animals who supplied many European zoos, as well as P. T. Barnum.  He created the modern zoo with animal enclosures without bars that were closer to their natural habitat. The transformation of the zoo architecture initiated by him is known as the Hagenbeck revolution. Hagenbeck founded Germany's most successful privately owned zoo, the Tierpark Hagenbeck, which moved to its present location in Hamburg's Stellingen district in 1907.  He was also an ethnography showman and a pioneer in displaying humans next to animals in human zoos.Hagenbeck was born on 10 June 1844, to Claus Gottfried Carl Hagenbeck (1810–1887), a fishmonger who ran a side business buying, showing, and selling exotic animals.When Hagenbeck was 14, his father gave him some seals and a polar bear. He took a more proactive role in the animal trade and his collection of animals grew until he needed large buildings to keep them. Hagenbeck left his home in Hamburg to accompany hunters and explorers on trips to jungle regions and snow-clad mountains. He captured animals in nearly every continent in the world. In 1874, he decided to exhibit Samoan and Sámi people (then known as Laplanders) as "purely natural" populations, with their tents, weapons, sleds, near a group of reindeer.
<Harrison_Grey_Fiske>	Harrison Grey Fiske (July 30, 1861 – September 2, 1942) was an American journalist, playwright and Broadway producer who fought against the monopoly of the Theatrical Syndicate, a management company that dominated American stage bookings around the turn of the twentieth century.Fiske was born in Harrison, New York, an affluent suburb in Westchester County just thirty minutes from New York City. The second of three sons of the wealthy hotel owner Lyman Fiske and his wife Jennie Maria (Durfee) Fiske, both of seventeenth-century Massachusetts descent,  Fiske was still a young boy when his family moved into New York City, and he maintained a strong identity as a New Yorker for much of his life. As a young boy, Fiske was educated by private tutors and showed a strong interest in the arts. He recalled being taken to see his first play at Barnum's Museum at an early age and afterwards receiving the gift of a puppet theatre from his father. Later, whilst attending Mrs. Vanderhoff's School he became exposed to Shakespeare through dramatic readings given by the headmistress's husband. Likewise, he had also been giving a small printing press and, as a boy, he  had begun printing his own monthly paper. Fiske next enrolled at Dr. Chapin's Collegiate School for Boys, a college preparatory school on Madison Avenue where he continued to pursue writing. Upon finishing there, he traveled for a summer in Europe and then entered New York University in 1878.  There he was asked to sign a pledge to forsake dens of iniquity like theaters, taverns, dance halls, and billiard rooms.  Fiske subsequently admitted that he and his friends kept their fingers crossed when it came to attending theaters.
<Cromwell_tank>	The Cromwell tank, officially Tank, Cruiser, Mk VIII, Cromwell (A27M), was one of the series of cruiser tanks fielded by Britain in the Second World War. Named after the English Civil War-era military leader Oliver Cromwell, the Cromwell was the first tank put into service by the British to combine high speed from a powerful, reliable engine (the Rolls-Royce Meteor) and reasonable armour. The intended dual-purpose high velocity gun could not be fitted in the turret, so a medium velocity dual purpose gun was fitted instead. Further development of the Cromwell combined with a high velocity gun led to the Comet tank.The name "Cromwell" was initially applied to three vehicles during development. Early Cromwell development led to the creation of the A24 Cavalier. Later Cromwell development led to the creation of the competing Tank, Cruiser, Mk VIII, Centaur (A27L) design. The Centaur tank was closely related to the Cromwell, both vehicles being externally similar. The Cromwell and Centaur tanks differed in the engine used; the Centaur had the 410 hp Liberty engine, the Cromwell had the significantly more powerful 600 hp Meteor; Centaur hulls were converted to Cromwells by changing the engine.
<Sergio_Aragonés>	Sergio Aragonés Domenech (/ˌærəˈɡoʊnɪs/ ARR-ə-GOH-niss, Spanish: [ˈseɾxjo aɾaɣoˈnez ðoˈmenek]; born September 6, 1937) is a Spanish/Mexican cartoonist and writer best known for his contributions to Mad magazine and creating the comic book Groo the Wanderer.Among his peers and fans, Aragonés is widely regarded as "the world's fastest cartoonist". The Comics Journal has described Aragonés as "one of the most prolific and brilliant cartoonists of his generation". Mad editor Al Feldstein said, "He could have drawn the whole magazine if we'd let him."
<Albert_B._Groves>	Albert Bartleton Groves (1866 - 1925), also known as A.B. Groves or Albert B. Groves, was an American architect who practiced in the St. Louis, Missouri area.Groves was born in Providence, Rhode Island and attended architectural courses at Cornell University.  After periods studying in France and Italy, and working under Denver architect Frank E. Edbrooke for two years, Groves began practicing in St. Louis with partners as Gable, Weber and Groves in 1891.  The firm Weber & Groves ended in 1905 with the death of Weber.  Groves practiced independently thereafter.Groves designed his share of houses in St. Louis's private places, and by 1921 had designed 18 separate churches in the area, but made a specialty of the design of relatively simple concrete and brick factories for garment manufacturers in the city, who demanded speed, flexibility and ingenuity.  Grove designed multiple buildings for these manufacturers—eleven separate buildings and an 8-story headquarters for Brown Shoe alone—which, along with alterations, expansions, and changes of ownership, can present a challenge in identifying his work.
<Big_Mama_(film)>	Big Mama is a 2000 short documentary film by American Tracy Seretean. It chronicles the struggle of 89-year-old Viola Dees (1908-2000) and her fight to retain custody of her grandson. It illustrates many of the difficulties facing an increasing number of the grandparents who are raising their grandchildren in the United States today, because of family crises related to drugs and prison. It was shown on HBO and won an Oscar for Best Documentary Short Subject.The film follows 18 months in the life of Viola Dees (89 years old) as she tries to persuade Los Angeles authorities that she can care for her grandson, 9-year-old Walter. Born to a drug-addicted mother, Walter was put into foster care. Dees gained his release to her care when he was age four. By then he was very disturbed, traumatized by the early death of his father and the disappearance of his mother. But he appeared bright and sweetly loving to his grandmother.The film focuses on the continuous battle against age discrimination faced by Dees and many like her. While contending with her own declining health, and a bureaucratic and legal system that continually threatened to separate her from her grandson, Dees fights the misconception that age supersedes one's ability to love and care for a child.
<Donna_Tartt>	Donna Louise Tartt (born December 23, 1963) is an American novelist and essayist. Tartt was born in Greenwood, Mississippi, in the Mississippi Delta, the elder of two daughters. She was raised in the nearby town of Grenada. Her father, Don Tartt, was a rockabilly musician, turned freeway "service station owner-cum-local politician", while her mother, Taylor, was a secretary. Her parents were avid readers, and her mother would read while driving.
<Michael_Cavanagh_(architect)>	Michael Francis Cavanagh (August 1860 – 29 May 1941) was an Australian architect, primarily known for his work in Western Australia from 1895 to the late 1930s.Cavanagh was born in August 1860 near Beechworth, Victoria, the second son of an Irish born builder and contractor, John Cavanagh ( – 18 March 1895). In 1881 his family moved to Adelaide, South Australia, where his father took on a position as supervisor of public buildings in the Government Architect's Department. Cavanagh in his early teens first studied at the South Australian School of Art before entering the Government Architecture's Department, where he received architectural training (c.1882-1886). In 1887 he left to study architecture in London, in the studio-offices of John Slater, and then with Frank Baggallay and Walter Millard, before entering the National Art Training School. In 1888 Cavanagh passed examinations obtaining an associateship with the Royal Institute of British Architects.  He was also elected a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society for his studies in ancient and modern architecture and art.
<Learned_Hand>	Billings Learned Hand (/ˈlɜːrnɪd/ LURN-id; January 27, 1872 – August 18, 1961) was an American jurist, lawyer, and judicial philosopher. He served as a federal trial judge on the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York from 1909 to 1924 and as a federal appellate judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit from 1924 to 1951. Born and raised in Albany, New York, Hand majored in philosophy at Harvard College and graduated with honors from Harvard Law School. After a relatively undistinguished career as a lawyer in Albany and New York City, he was appointed at the age of 37 as a Federal District Judge in Manhattan in 1909. The profession suited his detached and open-minded temperament, and his decisions soon won him a reputation for craftsmanship and authority. Between 1909 and 1914, under the influence of Herbert Croly's social theories, Hand supported New Nationalism. He ran unsuccessfully as the Progressive Party's candidate for Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals in 1913, but withdrew from active politics shortly afterwards. In 1924, President Calvin Coolidge elevated Hand to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, which he went on to lead as the Senior Circuit Judge (later retitled Chief Judge) from 1939 until his semi-retirement in 1951. Scholars have recognized the Second Circuit under Hand as one of the finest appeals courts in American history. Friends and admirers often lobbied for Hand's promotion to the Supreme Court, but circumstances and his political past conspired against his appointment.
<Béatrice_Schönberg>	Béatrice Schönberg (née Béatrice Szabo; 9 May 1953) is a French television journalist.She anchored the newscasts on La Cinq from 1987 to 1992 and on France 2 from 1997 to 2007.She was formerly married to the musician and composer Claude-Michel Schönberg.
<Communist_Party_of_Germany>	Former partiesFormer parties
<Jill_Talley>	Jill Talley (born December 19, 1962) is an American actress and comedian. She is a main cast member on the animated series SpongeBob SquarePants, in which she voices Karen Plankton. Her other voice roles include Sarah Dubois on Adult Swim's The Boondocks and Rita Loud on The Loud House.Talley was born in Chicago, Illinois. She graduated from Kennedy High School in 1981.In her twenties, Talley performed improv comedy in Chicago at the Improv Institute and The Second City. Talley and her husband, Tom Kenny, were both cast members of the cult short-lived FOX Network sketch comedy show The Edge from 1992 to 1993  and sketch comedy show Mr. Show from 1995 to 1998. They also appeared together in the May 1996 video for "Tonight, Tonight" by The Smashing Pumpkins as a married couple who take a honeymoon on the moon.
<Order_of_the_Rising_Sun>	The Order of the Rising Sun (旭日章, Kyokujitsu-shō) is a Japanese order, established in 1875 by Emperor Meiji. The Order was the first national decoration awarded by the Japanese government, created on 10 April 1875 by decree of the Council of State. The badge features rays of sunlight from the rising sun. The design of the Rising Sun symbolizes energy as powerful as the rising sun in parallel with the "rising sun" concept of Japan ("Land of the Rising Sun").The Order of the Rising Sun is awarded to people who have rendered distinguished service to the state in various fields except military service. Since there is no order for military achievements under the current Japanese system, Japan Self-Defense Forces personnel are awarded the Order of the Sacred Treasure for their long engagement in public service. Prior to the end of World War II, it was also awarded for exemplary military service. In 2003, the 7th and 8th Class, which were at the bottom of the Order of the Rising Sun, were abolished, and the upper half of the 1st Class  (勲一等, Kun-ittō) was separated as the Order of the Paulownia Flowers, which was higher than the Order of the Rising Sun.
<Knattspyrnufélag_Reykjavíkur>	Knattspyrnufélag Reykjavíkur (Reykjavík Football Club), often shortened to KR or KR Reykjavík, is an Icelandic football club based in the Vesturbær district of the capital, Reykjavík.KR is the oldest and most successful club in Icelandic football, having won the Besta deild karla championship 27 times, including the first season in 1912. It is also the most successful club in the Icelandic men's Cup, with 14 titles including the first in 1960 and most recent in 2014. In 1964, KR was also the first Icelandic representative in the European Cup.
<Last_of_the_Summer_Wine>	Last of the Summer Wine is a British sitcom created and written by Roy Clarke and originally broadcast by the BBC from 1973 to 2010. It premiered as an episode of Comedy Playhouse on 4 January 1973, and the first series of episodes followed on 12 November 1973. From 1983 to 2010, Alan J. W. Bell produced and directed all episodes of the show. The BBC confirmed on 2 June 2010 that Last of the Summer Wine would no longer be produced and the 31st series would be its last. Subsequently, the final episode was broadcast on 29 August 2010. Since its original release, all 295 episodes, comprising thirty-one series—including the pilot and all films and specials—have been released on DVD. Repeats of the show are broadcast in the UK on BBC One (until 18 July 2010 when the 31st and final series started on 25 July of that year), Gold, Yesterday, and Drama. It is also seen in more than 25 countries, including various PBS stations in the United States and on VisionTV in Canada. Last of the Summer Wine is the longest-running comedy programme in Britain and the longest-running sitcom in the world.Last of the Summer Wine was set and filmed in and around Holmfirth, West Yorkshire, England, and centred on a trio of old men and their youthful misadventures; the membership of the trio changed several times over the years. The original trio consisted of Bill Owen as the mischievous and impulsive Compo Simmonite, Peter Sallis as easy-going everyman Norman Clegg, and Michael Bates as uptight and arrogant Cyril Blamire. When Bates dropped out due to illness in 1976 after two series, the role of the third man of the trio was filled in various years up to the 30th series by the quirky war veteran Walter C "Foggy" Dewhurst (Brian Wilde), who had two lengthy stints in the series, the eccentric inventor Seymour Utterthwaite (Michael Aldridge), and former police officer Herbert "Truly of The Yard" Truelove (Frank Thornton). The men never seem to grow up, and they develop a unique perspective on their equally eccentric fellow townspeople through their stunts. Although in its early years the series generally revolved around the exploits of the main trio, with occasional interaction with a few recurring characters, over time the cast grew to include a variety of supporting characters and by later years the series was very much an ensemble piece. Each of these recurring characters contributed their own running jokes and subplots to the show, often becoming reluctantly involved in the schemes of the trio, or on occasion having their own, separate storylines.
<Springfield_Television>	Springfield Television Corporation was a group owner of television stations based in Springfield, Massachusetts. The company was founded by William Lowell Putnam III, who launched the company's first television station, WWLP, on March 17, 1953. (Putnam was the son of politician and businessman, Roger Putnam. He was also a former trustee of the Lowell Observatory, founded by his great-uncle, astronomer Percival Lowell.)The company owned five television stations during its lifetime, no more than four at any given time.The company folded in 1984 with Putnam's retirement, and the sale of its remaining stations—WWLP, WKEF in Dayton, Ohio, and KSTU in Salt Lake City, Utah—to Adams Communications.
<Mohan_Parmar>	Mohan Parmar (Gujarati: મોહન પરમાર b. 15 March 1948) is a Gujarati language short story writer, novelist and critic. Parmar won the Sahitya Akademi Award for Gujarati in 2011 for his short story collection Anchalo. He was earlier editor of Hayati, an organ of Gujarati Dalit Sahitya Akademi, along with Harish Mangalam. He served as deputy editor of Parab, a monthly journal of Gujarati Sahitya Parishad.Parmar was born in Bhasariya, a village in Mahesana district of Gujarat, India to Ambalal and Manchhiben. He completed his primary education from Bhasariya Primary School, and took his secondary education at Linch and Aambaliyasan villages, earning his S.S.C. in 1966. He completed his B.A. in 1982 from Mahesana college with Gujarati literature. He completed M.A. in 1984 as an external student from Gujarat University, earning a Ph.D. in 1994 under Chandrakant Topiwala. His doctoral thesis was The Distinguishable Dimensions of Short Story after Suresh Joshi.
<Yossi_Benayoun>	Yossi Shai Benayoun (Hebrew: יוסי שי בניון; born 5 May 1980) is an Israeli former professional footballer who played as a midfielder. He spent most of his career in England and captained the Israel national team. Born in Dimona, he is sometimes nicknamed "The Diamond from Dimona" in Israel.Benayoun played for Hapoel Be'er Sheva and Maccabi Haifa before moving to Racing de Santander in Spain. Three years later he moved to the Premier League with West Ham United, and later Liverpool. In 2010, he signed for Chelsea, where he was used rarely, being loaned to Arsenal and back to West Ham, but nonetheless won the 2012–13 UEFA Europa League. After that, he was released by the club and spent a season in the Football League Championship with Queens Park Rangers before returning to Maccabi Haifa.
<Theodor_Svedberg>	Theodor Svedberg (30 August 1884 – 25 February 1971) was a Swedish chemist and Nobel laureate for his research on colloids and proteins using the ultracentrifuge. Svedberg was active at Uppsala University from the mid 1900s to late 1940s. While at Uppsala, Svedberg started as a docent before becoming the university's physical chemistry head in 1912. After leaving Uppsala in 1949, Svedberg was in charge of the Gustaf Werner Institute until 1967. Apart from his 1926 Nobel Prize, Svedberg was named a Foreign Member of the Royal Society in 1944 and became part of the National Academy of Sciences in 1945.Svedberg was born in Valbo, Sweden on 30 August 1884. He was the son of Augusta Alstermark and Elias Svedberg. Growing up, Svedberg enjoyed botany and other branches of science. While in grammar school, Svedberg conducted individual laboratorial research and performed scientific demonstrations. For his post-secondary education, Svedberg entered a chemistry program at Uppsala University in the early mid 1900s. He earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1905, his master's degree in 1907, and in 1908, he earned his Ph.D.
<Amazon_(1997_film)>	Amazon is a 1997 American short documentary film directed by Kieth Merrill. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.The film features ethnobiologist Mark Plotkin, who discusses the role of rainforest conservation and the benefits of investigating it further in the interest of medical and scientific knowledge.
<Fabrício_Lopes_Alcântara>	Fabrício Lopes Alcântara (Chinese: 盧比斯; born May 18, 1984 in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil) is a Brazilian football defender who is currently a free agent.Fábricio Lopes has two brothers, they are both professional footballers, for his older brother, Fábio Lopes, who was playing for Hong Kong First Division clubs Happy Valley and Eastern. Also Fabrício was a teammate with Fábio for Hong Kong First Division club Happy Valley during 2006–07. Fábio is currently plays for Hong Kong Premier League club Yuen Long. His younger brother, Fernando Lopes, is also currently his teammate at Rangers (HKG).Fabricio Lopes can plays as defensive midfielder or central defender.
<Power_Corporation_of_Canada>	Power Corporation of Canada (French: Power Corporation du Canada) is a management and holding company that focuses on financial services in North America, Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are insurance, retirement, wealth management and investment management, including a portfolio of alternative investment platforms.Power Corporation of Canada was formed in 1925 by two stockbrokers – Arthur J. Nesbitt and his partner, Peter A.T. Thomson. Nesbitt served as the company's first president. Power Corporation was created as a holding company to manage their substantial investments in public utility companies involved in the electrical power industry in Quebec's Eastern Townships, plus in the other Canadian provinces of Ontario, Manitoba, New Brunswick and British Columbia. In the latter part of the 1930s, the company acquired a controlling interest in Bathurst Pulp and Paper Company Ltd., and in 1938 Canadian Oil Companies Ltd., selling the latter to Shell Oil Company in 1962.In 1952, Arthur J. Nesbitt was succeeded as president by his son, Arthur Deane Nesbitt (1910–1978). The Nesbitt family sold most of its interest in Power Corporation to the Paul Desmarais group in 1968 and by 1970 no longer had any involvement.[when?]
<TvOne_(Indonesia)>	tvOne (Formerly known as Lativi) is an Indonesian free-to-air television network based in East Jakarta. tvOne is owned by Visi Media Asia, a unit of Bakrie Group.As Lativi, The channel was launched as a test broadcast on 17 January 2002 at 4:00 PM local time, and was officially launched on 30 July 2002 at 7:00 PM. The final transmission and broadcast aired on 14 February 2008 at 19:30 WIB. The network was then sold by Abdul Latief in 2007 and the new owners changed the name from Lativi to TvOne.As part of the boom in national television networks, channels and stations in the 2000s, Lativi was one of five new terrestrial television networks which were granted a license to broadcast nationwide in Indonesia. It was initially owned by Abdul Latief, previously Minister of Labor and also a famous businessman.
<James_Read>	James Christopher Read (born July 31, 1953) is an American actor.  He played the role of George Hazard in the North and South television miniseries, and had a recurring role as Victor Bennett on the supernatural series Charmed between 2001 and 2006.Read was born in Buffalo, New York. He started acting as a student of law at the University of Oregon where he graduated in 1976. He studied acting in New York City and then did several Off-Broadway and regional theaters such as The Denver Center Theatre Company, where he had a couple of leading roles and spent three seasons. In 1998, he earned his Master's degree in psychology from Pepperdine University.Read is best known for his role as George Hazard in the three North and South miniseries (1985, 1986 and 1994) based on the John Jakes trilogy of novels of the same name (his co-star, Patrick Swayze, taught him how to ride a horse), and for his co-starring role in the movie Beaches (1988).
<Lexington,_Kentucky>	Lexington is a city in Kentucky, United States, and the county seat of Fayette County.  By population, it is the second-largest city in Kentucky and 57th-largest city in the United States. By land area, it is the country's 28th-largest city. Known as the "Horse Capital of the World", it is within the state's Bluegrass region. Notable locations in the city include the Kentucky Horse Park, The Red Mile and Keeneland race courses, Rupp Arena, Central Bank Center, Transylvania University, the University of Kentucky, and Bluegrass Community and Technical College.As of the 2020 census the population was 322,570, anchoring a metropolitan area of 516,811 people and a combined statistical area of 747,919 people. Lexington is consolidated entirely within Fayette County, and vice versa. It has a nonpartisan mayor-council form of government, with 12 council districts and three members elected at large, with the highest vote-getter designated vice mayor.
<Arnold_Palmer>	Arnold Daniel Palmer (September 10, 1929 – September 25, 2016) was an American professional golfer who is widely regarded as one of the greatest and most charismatic players in the sport's history. Dating back to 1955, he won numerous events on both the PGA Tour and the circuit now known as PGA Tour Champions. Nicknamed The King, Palmer was one of golf's most popular stars and seen as a trailblazer, the first superstar of the sport's television age, which began in the 1950s.Palmer's social impact on golf was unrivaled among fellow professionals; his modest origins and plain-spoken popularity helped change the perception of golf from an elite, upper-class pastime of private clubs to a more populist sport accessible to middle and working classes via public courses. Palmer, Jack Nicklaus, and Gary Player were "The Big Three" in golf during the 1960s; they are credited with popularizing and commercializing the sport around the world.
<Bjørn_Sand>	Bjørn Hjalmar Sand (born 19 September 1928) is a Norwegian revue writer and actor. He was born in Oslo, and is half brother of Rolf Sand. He married Unni Bernhoft in 1955, is son-in-law of Bias Bernhoft and is the father of Jon Ola Sand. He is particularly known for his character "Stutum" on Norwegian radio, a role which earned him the award  Spellemannprisen 1973. He was awarded the Leonard Statuette in 1994.
<China_Electronics_Technology_Group>	China Electronics Technology Group Corporation (CETC; 中国电子科技集团公司; zhongguo dianzi keji jituan gongsi) is a Chinese state-owned company established in 2002. Its fields include communications equipment, computers, electronic equipment, IT infrastructure, networks, software development, research services, investment and asset management for civilian and military applications. It was founded with the stated goal of leveraging civilian electronics for the benefit of the People's Liberation Army.In 2021, CETC became the third largest electronics and IT company in China after absorbing Potevio, with a combined revenue of $53 billion in 2019, behind only Huawei and Lenovo.The company also handles electronic parts and systems for radars, missiles, key components for satellites in the BeiDou network, semiconductors, antennas for wireless infrastructure as well as equipment for autonomous-driving technology.
<Robert_Hayden>	Robert Hayden (August 4, 1913 – February 25, 1980) was an American poet, essayist, and educator. He served as Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress from 1976 to 1978, a role today known as US Poet Laureate. He was the first African-American writer to hold the office.Robert Hayden was born Asa Bundy Sheffey in Detroit, Michigan, to Ruth and Asa Sheffey, who separated before his birth. He was taken in by a foster family next door, Sue Ellen Westerfield and William Hayden, and grew up in a Detroit ghetto nicknamed "Paradise Valley". The Haydens' perpetually contentious marriage, coupled with Ruth Sheffey's competition for her son's affections, made for a traumatic childhood. Witnessing fights and suffering beatings, Hayden lived in a house fraught with "chronic anger", the effects of which would stay with him throughout his life. On top of that, his severe visual problems prevented him from participating in activities such as sports in which nearly everyone else was involved. His childhood traumas resulted in debilitating bouts of depression that he later called "my dark nights of the soul".Because he was nearsighted and slight of stature, he was often ostracized by his peers. In response, Hayden read voraciously, developing both an ear and an eye for transformative qualities in literature. He attended Detroit City College later called Wayne State University with a major in Spanish and minor in English, and left in 1936 during the Great Depression, one credit short of finishing his degree, to go to work for the Works Progress Administration Federal Writers' Project, where he researched black history and folk culture.
<The_Frogs>	The Frogs (Greek: Βάτραχοι, translit. Bátrakhoi, lit. "Frogs"; Latin: Ranae, often abbreviated Ran. or Ra.) is a comedy written by the Ancient Greek playwright Aristophanes. It was performed at the Lenaia, one of the Festivals of Dionysus in Athens, in 405 BC and received first place.The Frogs tells the story of the god Dionysus, who, despairing of the state of Athens' tragedians, travels to Hades (the underworld) to bring the playwright Euripides back from the dead. (Euripides had died the year before, in 406 BC.) He brings along his slave Xanthias, who is smarter and braver than Dionysus. As the play opens, Xanthias and Dionysus argue over what kind of jokes Xanthias can use to open the play. For the first half of the play, Dionysus routinely makes critical errors, forcing Xanthias to improvise in order to protect his master and prevent Dionysus from looking incompetent—but this only allows Dionysus to continue to make mistakes with no consequence.To find a reliable path to Hades, Dionysus seeks advice from his half-brother Heracles, who had been there before in order to retrieve the hell hound Cerberus. Dionysus shows up at his doorstep dressed in a lion-hide and carrying a club. Heracles, upon seeing the effeminate Dionysus dressed up like himself, can't help laughing. When Dionysus asks which road is the quickest to get to Hades, Heracles tells him that he can hang himself, drink poison or jump off a tower. Dionysus opts for the longer journey, which Heracles himself had taken, across a lake (possibly Lake Acheron).
<Thief_(series)>	Thief is a series of stealth video games in which the player takes the role of Garrett, a master thief in a fantasy steampunk world resembling a cross between the Late Middle Ages and the Victorian era, with more advanced technologies interspersed.The series consists of Thief: The Dark Project (1998), Thief II: The Metal Age (2000), Thief: Deadly Shadows (2004) and Thief (2014). An expanded version of Thief: The Dark Project, titled Thief Gold, was released in 1999 and features three extra maps and a number of bug fixes. Looking Glass Studios developed both The Dark Project and The Metal Age. After the studio had gone out of business in 2000, many former employees moved to Ion Storm and began developing the third part of the series, Deadly Shadows. Eidos-Montréal was subsequently given the reins for Thief. The Thief series has been well-received by critics.
<Richard_Perham>	Richard Nelson Perham, FRS, FMedSci, FRSA (27 April 1937 – 14 February 2015), was an English Professor of molecular biology, and Master of St John's College, Cambridge 2004–07. He was also editor-in-chief of FEBS Journal (Federation of European Biochemical Societies) from 1998 to 2013.Perham attended Latymer Upper School, then St John's College, Cambridge, where he completed his MA (Cantab), PhD and ScD. Perham then went on to become a MRC scholar at Laboratory of Molecular Biology (LMB), also at Cambridge.
<Hull_City_A.F.C.>	Hull City Association Football Club is a professional football club based in Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire, England, that compete in the EFL Championship. They have played home games at the MKM Stadium since moving from Boothferry Park in 2002. The club's traditional home shirt is in black and amber, often with a striped shirt design, hence their nickname, The Tigers. They hold Humber derby rivalries with Scunthorpe United and Grimsby Town.The club was founded in 1904 and admitted into the Football League two years later. They remained in the Second Division until relegation in 1930. Hull won the Third Division North title in 1932–33, but were relegated three years later. They won the Third Division North under the stewardship of Raich Carter in 1948–49, and this time remained in the second tier for seven seasons. Having been promoted again in 1958–59, they were relegated the following season and remained in the Third Division until they were promoted as champions under Cliff Britton in 1965–66. Twelve seasons in the second tier culminated in two relegations in four years by 1981. They were promoted from the Fourth Division at the end of the 1982–83 campaign and were beaten finalists in the inaugural Associate Members' Cup in 1984.
<Sharmell>	Sharmell Sullivan-Huffman (born November 2, 1970) is an American retired professional wrestling valet, dancer, beauty queen, and professional wrestler. As the wife of Booker T, she is best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) as Queen Sharmell. She first came to prominence in the wrestling world as Storm, a member of the World Championship Wrestling dance troupe the Nitro Girls and she also played a character called Paisley. Sullivan-Huffman performed for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) under the ring name Sharmell from 2007 until leaving the company in 2009.Sullivan was valedictorian of Roosevelt High School in Gary, Indiana, in 1988, and graduated from Spelman College in Atlanta, Georgia in 1997 with a degree in mathematics.At age 20, Sullivan won the 1991 Miss Black America pageant (she was Miss Black Indiana), which was marred by accusations of rape by Miss Black Rhode Island, Desiree Washington, against pageant judge Mike Tyson. After winning the title, Sullivan began a career in professional dance, touring with several hip hop artists and R&B bands, including a 3½ year stint with James Brown.
<Air_Ministry>	The Air Ministry was a department of the Government of the United Kingdom with the responsibility of managing the affairs of the Royal Air Force, that existed from 1918 to 1964.  It was under the political authority of the Secretary of State for Air.On 13 April 1912, less than two weeks after the creation of the Royal Flying Corps (which initially consisted of both a naval and a military wing), an Air Committee was established to act as an intermediary between the Admiralty and the War Office in matters relating to aviation.  The new Air Committee was composed of representatives of the two war ministries, and although it could make recommendations, it lacked executive authority.  The recommendations of the Air Committee had to be ratified by the Admiralty Board and the Imperial General Staff and, in consequence, the Committee was not particularly effective.  The increasing separation of army and naval aviation from 1912 to 1914 only exacerbated the Air Committee's ineffectiveness and the Committee did not meet after the outbreak of the First World War.
<Liberal_Front_Party_(Brazil)>	The Democrats (Portuguese: Democratas, DEM) was a centre-right political party in Brazil that merged with the Social Liberal Party to found the Brazil Union in 2021. It was founded in 1985 under the name of Liberal Front Party (Partido da Frente Liberal, PFL) from a dissidence of the defunct Democratic Social Party (PDS), successor to the National Renewal Alliance (ARENA), the official party during the military dictatorship of 1964–1985. It changed to its current name in 2007. The original name reflected the party's support of free market policies, rather than the identification with international liberal parties. Instead, the party affiliated itself to the international federations of Christian-democratic (CDI) and conservative parties (IDU). The Democrats' identification number is 25 and its colors are green, blue, and white.In October 2021, the party announced its merger with the Social Liberal Party into the new Brazil Union party.
<Green_Bay_Packers,_Inc.>	Green Bay Packers, Inc. is the publicly held nonprofit corporation that owns the National Football League (NFL)'s Green Bay Packers football franchise, based in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Established in 1923 as the Green Bay Football Corporation, the company received its current legal name in 1935.The Packers are the only publicly owned major professional sports franchise in the United States. Rather than being the property of an individual, partnership, or corporate entity, they are held as of 2022 by 537,460 stockholders. No one is allowed to hold more than 200,000 shares, which represents approximately four percent of the 5,011,558 shares currently outstanding. It is this broad-based community support and non-profit structure which has kept the team in Green Bay for over a century in spite of being the smallest market in all of North American major professional sports.Green Bay is the only team with this public form of ownership structure in the NFL, grandfathered when the NFL's current ownership policy stipulating a maximum of 32 owners per team, with one holding a minimum 30% stake, was established in the 1980s. As a publicly held nonprofit, the Packers are also the only North American major league sports franchise to release its financial balance sheet every year.
<Carolyn_Jones>	Carolyn Sue Jones (April 28, 1930 – August 3, 1983) was an American actress of television and film. Jones began her film career in the early 1950s, and by the end of the decade had achieved recognition with a nomination for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for The Bachelor Party (1957) and a Golden Globe Award as one of the most promising new actresses of 1959. Her film career continued for another 20 years. In 1964, she began playing the role of matriarch Morticia Addams in the original 1964 black and white television series The Addams Family.Carolyn Jones was born in Amarillo, Texas, the daughter of Chloe Jeanette Southern, a housewife, and Julius Alfred Jones, a barber. After their father abandoned the family in 1934, Carolyn and her younger sister, Bette Rhea Jones, moved with their mother into her parents' Amarillo home. Jones suffered from severe asthma that often restricted her childhood activities, and when her condition prevented her from going to the movies, she became an avid reader of Hollywood fan magazines and aspired to become an actress. She enrolled at the Pasadena Playhouse in California at age 17, with her grandfather, Charles W. Baker, paying her tuition.
<Dolunay_Soysert>	Dolunay Soysert (born 25 March 1973) is a Turkish actress.Soysert first rose to prominence with her role as Latife Hanım in the movie Cumhuriyet. She appeared in various plays staged at Istanbul City Theatres, Dostlar Theatre, Craft Theatre, and Toy Theatre. She is also one of the founders of Istanbul Folk Theatre. For her performance on stage in an adaptation of Insignificance, she was given the Most Successful Actress award at the 9th Afife Theatre Awards. In addition to her career on stage and television, she has appeared in a number of movies, including Veda (2010), Ölümden Kalma (2012), and Yarım Kalan Mucize (2012).Dolunay Soysert was born on 25 March 1973 in Adana. Her family moved to Ankara when she was three or four years old due to her father's job requirements. She spent her primary and middle school years in Ankara, and finished high school in Istanbul at Private Mode College.
<Roger_Stone>	Roger Jason Stone (born Roger Joseph Stone Jr.; August 27, 1952) is an American conservative political consultant and lobbyist.Since the 1970s, Stone has worked on the campaigns of Republican politicians, including Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan, Jack Kemp, Bob Dole, George W. Bush, and Donald Trump. In addition to frequently serving as a campaign adviser, Stone was a political lobbyist. In 1980, he co-founded a Washington, D.C.–based lobbying firm with Paul Manafort and Charles R. Black Jr. The firm recruited Peter G. Kelly and was renamed Black, Manafort, Stone and Kelly in 1984. During the 1980s, BMSK became a top lobbying firm by leveraging its White House connections to attract high-paying clients, including U.S. corporations and trade associations, as well as foreign governments. By 1990, it was one of the leading lobbyists for American companies and foreign organizations.A longtime friend of Donald Trump, Stone has been variously described as a "renowned infighter", a "seasoned practitioner of hard-edged politics", a "mendacious windbag", a "ratfucker", a "veteran Republican strategist" and a political fixer. Over the course of the 2016 Trump presidential campaign, Stone promoted a number of falsehoods and conspiracy theories. He has described his political modus operandi as "Attack, attack, attack – never defend" and "Admit nothing, deny everything, launch counterattack." Stone first suggested Trump run for president in early 1998 while he was Trump's casino business lobbyist in Washington. The Netflix documentary film Get Me Roger Stone focuses on Stone's past and role in Trump's presidential campaign.
<Juliette_Lewis>	Juliette Lake Lewis (born June 21, 1973) is an American actress and alternative rock singer. She is known for her portrayals of offbeat characters, often in films with dark themes. Lewis became an "it girl" of American cinema in the early 1990s, appearing in various independent and arthouse films. Her accolades include a Pasinetti Award, one Academy Award nomination, one Golden Globe nomination, and a Primetime Emmy Award nomination.The daughter of character actor Geoffrey Lewis, Lewis began her career in television at age 14 before making her feature film debut with a small part in My Stepmother Is an Alien (1988). This was followed by a more prominent role as Audrey Griswold in National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation (1989). She then garnered international notice for her portrayal of Danielle Bowden in Martin Scorsese's remake of Cape Fear (1991), which saw Lewis nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, as well as the Golden Globe in the same category.
<Karen_Young_(actress)>	Karen Young (born September 29, 1958) is an American film, television, and stage actress.Young was born in Pequannock Township, New Jersey on September 29, 1958. She graduated from Douglass Residential College at Rutgers University as an English major.
<Mellody_Hobson>	Mellody Hobson (born April 3, 1969) is an American businesswoman who is president and co-CEO of Ariel Investments, and the chairwoman of Starbucks Corporation. She is the former chairwoman of DreamWorks Animation, having stepped down after negotiating the acquisition of DreamWorks Animation SKG, Inc., by NBCUniversal in August 2016.  In 2017, she became the first African-American woman to head The Economic Club of Chicago.  She was also named to chair the board of directors of Starbucks in 2021, making her one of the highest profile corporate directors in the US.As of 2020, she is listed as #94 in Forbes list of the World's 100 Most Powerful Women. On December 26, 2020 it was announced she was being named the chairwoman of Starbucks Corp., the first black woman to be chairperson of an S&P 500 company.
<Sean_Wilentz>	Robert Sean Wilentz (/wɪˈlɛnts/; born February 20, 1951) is the George Henry Davis 1886 Professor of American History at Princeton University, where he has taught since 1979. His primary research interests include U.S. social and political history in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. He has written numerous award-winning books and articles including, most notably, The Rise of American Democracy: Jefferson to Lincoln, which was awarded the Bancroft Prize and was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize.Robert Sean Wilentz was born on February 20, 1951, in New York City, where his father, Eli Wilentz, and uncle Theodore "Ted" Wilentz, owned a well-known Greenwich Village bookstore, the Eighth Street Bookshop. He is of Jewish and Irish ancestry.Wilentz attended Midwood High School in Brooklyn, New York, and earned one B.A. at Columbia University in 1972, before earning another at Oxford University (Balliol College) in 1974 on a Kellett Fellowship. One of his mentors at Columbia was James P. Shenton. In 1975 he earned an M.A. at Yale University and in 1980 he received his Ph.D. also from Yale, under the supervision of David Brion Davis.[citation needed]
<Blasted>	Blasted is the first play by the British author Sarah Kane. It was first performed in 1995 at the Royal Court Theatre Upstairs in London.The play is set in an expensive hotel room in Leeds. Ian, a foul-mouthed middle-aged tabloid journalist has brought a young woman, Cate, to the room for the night. Cate is much younger than Ian, emotionally fragile, and seemingly intellectually simple.
<Sitara-i-Imtiaz>	The Sitara-e-Imtiaz (Urdu: ستارہِ امتیاز, lit. 'Star of Excellence') also spelled as Sitara-i-Imtiaz, is the third-highest (in the order of "Imtiaz") honour and civilian award in the State of Pakistan. It recognizes individuals who have made an "especially meritorious contribution to the security or national interests of Pakistan, world peace, cultural or other significant public endeavours".This award is not limited to the citizens of Pakistan, and it can also be awarded to foreign citizens based on their achievements and services done to the State of Pakistan (see Władysław Turowicz). While, it is a civilian award, it can also be awarded to military officers of the Pakistan Defence Forces worn on their uniform for recognition of their services to the country. Like other awards, it is a highly restricted and prestigious award only given to those who have done great services to the country. It is one of the most distinguished civil decorations to the civilians who have made outstanding contribution in their respected fields such as literature, arts, sports, medicine, or science, which prompted the recognition of the country on international level.
<Swedish_Rail_Administration>	The Swedish Rail Administration (Swedish: Banverket) was a Swedish State administrative authority which acted as owner on behalf of the State and maintained virtually all main railway lines in Sweden; except for short sidings for freight, heritage railways, the Stockholm Metro, local railways in the Stockholm area (Roslagsbanan & Saltsjöbanan), and the tramways in Gothenburg, Norrköping and Stockholm. Its headquarters was located in Borlänge.The Swedish Rail Administration was formed in 1988, when Swedish State Railways was split in two parts, leaving Statens Järnvägar as mainly a train operator ( both passenger and freight) and as a real estate owner, only to be split again in 2001.The Swedish Railway Inspectorate (Swedish: Järnvägsinspektionen) was a part of the Swedish Rail Administration until 2004, when the Swedish Rail Agency (Swedish: Järnvägsstyrelsen) was formed, taking over its responsibilities. That agency was in turn incorporated into the newly formed Swedish Transport Agency (Swedish: Transportstyrelsen) in 2009.
<Andros_Townsend>	Andros Darryl Townsend (born 16 July 1991) is an English professional footballer who plays as a winger for Premier League club Everton.A graduate of the Tottenham Hotspur academy, Townsend was initially loaned out to several League One and then Championship clubs alongside limited Tottenham appearances, before making his Premier League debut in September 2012. After further limited appearances and then a half-season loan to Premier League club Queens Park Rangers, Townsend established himself as a Tottenham player between 2013 and 2015. He subsequently fell out of favour at Tottenham, and following a short spell at Newcastle United in the 2015–16 season, he transferred to Crystal Palace in the summer of 2016. He spent five years at Palace before departing for Everton.
<Andrei_Sakharov>	Andrei Dmitrievich Sakharov (Russian: Андрей Дмитриевич Сахаров, IPA: [ɐnˈdrʲej ˈdmʲitrʲɪjevʲɪtɕ ˈsaxərəf]; 21 May 1921 – 14 December 1989) was a Soviet nuclear physicist, dissident, nobel laureate and activist for nuclear disarmament, peace, and human rights.He became renowned as the designer of the Soviet Union's RDS-37, a codename for Soviet development of thermonuclear weapons. Sakharov later became an advocate of civil liberties and civil reforms in the Soviet Union, for which he faced state persecution; these efforts earned him the Nobel Peace Prize in 1975. The Sakharov Prize, which is awarded annually by the European Parliament for people and organizations dedicated to human rights and freedoms, is named in his honor.
<France_Nuyen>	France Nuyen (born France Nguyễn Vân Nga on 31 July 1939) is a French actress, model, and psychological counsellor.Nguyen was born in Marseille. Her mother was French, and her father was widely reported to be Vietnamese, although she has stated that he was "probably of Chinese origin". During World War II, her mother and grandfather were persecuted by the Nazis for being Roma.
<Statik_Selektah>	Patrick Baril (born January 23, 1982), professionally known as Statik Selektah, is an American record producer, disc jockey (DJ) and radio personality originally from the Boston, Massachusetts area. He is also the founder of Showoff Records. In 2010, he formed the hip hop group 1982, alongside American rapper Termanology. He has resided in New York City since 2004.Statik Selektah was born on January 23, 1982, in Lawrence, Massachusetts. He was introduced to music at a young age, experimenting with his parents' eight-track machine, cassette recorders, and turntable. By middle school, he was already DJing school functions, but he was inspired to be a professional DJ after hearing DJ Premier and Funkmaster Flex scratch and mix records on Hot 97 in New York City. Statik began doing radio at Phillips Exeter Academy's WPEA, where he also occasionally DJ'd some of the Afro-Latino Society Parties. Naming himself DJ Statik, (the "Selektah" came later after hearing a local reggae artist say it unconsciously) he began to start to DJ at clubs and private parties up and down the New England Coast. In 2000, Selektah moved back to Massachusetts from New Hampshire to pursue an audio production degree at Boston's New England Institute of Art. Around this time, Statik started to put out his own mixtape series titled "Spell My Name Right." In 2003, Statik created ShowOff Marketing, which has had clients such as Reebok, G-Unit Records, Virgin Records, Capital, Universal Records, Puff Daddy's Vote or Die campaign and many others. In 2006, Statik Selektah made Showoff into a record label and put out Termanology's Out the Gate as the labels first release. In 2007, Statik released his first LP, titled Spell My Name Right, and came out with a second Stick 2 the Script in 2009. In 2010, Statik Selektah dropped another album 100 Proof: The Hangover which reached 37 on Billboard's Heatseeker Albums Chart. Besides dropping his own albums, he also has produced on many other artist's projects. Statik currently has a show on Thursday nights on Eminem's Shade 45 XM/Sirus Radio Station.
<RB_Kolubara>	RB Kolubara (full legal name: Privredno društvo za proizvodnju, preradu i transport uglja Rudarski basen Kolubara d.o.o. Lazarevac; Company for the production, processing and transport of coal mine basin Kolubara Ltd. Lazarevac) is a Serbian coal mining and smelting complex with headquarters in Lazarevac, Kolubara District. The mine has coal reserves amounting to 2.2 billion tonnes of lignite, one of the largest lignite reserves in Europe, and it produces 22.6 million tonnes of coal per year.Since Kolubara mining basin is the largest coal supplier for Elektroprivreda Srbije it plays a vital role in the country's energy independence. About 52% of the electricity in Serbia is produced based on the lignite from Kolubara, that is about 20 billion kW hours of electricity per year. Most of the coal (about 90%) is used for electricity production in TPP Nikola Tesla in Obrenovac, in thermal power plant Kolubara in Veliki Crljeni and in thermal power plant Morava in Svilajnac.The beginnings of mining in the region of Kolubara basin are associated with the year 1896 when the first pit Zvizdar was opened. In the eastern and western part of the basin coal has been successively extracted from the 14 pits Zvizdar, Sokolovac, Skobalj, Radljevo, Prkosava, Veliki Crljeni, Kolubara 1, Veliki Crljeni - Kolubara 2, Kosmaj - Kolubara 3, Baroševac, Šopić, Junkovac and others. A turning point in coal production came in 1952 with the opening of the first open pit (Fields A) which started mass surface mining of lignite. Opening of new mines and processing facilities fallowed. The mining projects' original intention was to secure a stable, constant supply of energy and electricity for the country, which is why the Serbian federal government considers these projects of national interest.
<Kezie_Ibe>	Kezieh  Ibe (born 6 December 1982) is an English footballer who plays for Enfield Town as a striker.He has previously played for Yeovil Town in the Football League, and several non-League clubs including Ebbsfleet United, Farnborough and twice for Chelmsford City.
<Ellen_Barkin>	Ellen Rona Barkin (born April 16, 1954) is an American actress and a producer. Her breakthrough role was in the 1982 film Diner, and in the following years, she had starring roles in films such as Tender Mercies (1983), Eddie and the Cruisers (1983), The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension (1984), The Big Easy (1986), Johnny Handsome, and Sea of Love (both 1989).In 1991, for her leading role in the film Switch, Barkin received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actress. Her subsequent film credits include: Man Trouble, Into the West (both 1992), This Boy's Life (1993), Bad Company, Wild Bill  (both 1995), The Fan (1996), Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas (1998), Drop Dead Gorgeous (1999), Crime and Punishment in Suburbia (2000), Palindromes (2004), Trust the Man (2005), Ocean's Thirteen (2007), Brooklyn's Finest (2009), and The Cobbler (2014).
<Richard_Owen>	Sir Richard Owen KCB FRMS FRS (20 July 1804 – 18 December 1892) was an English biologist, comparative anatomist and paleontologist. Owen is generally considered to have been an outstanding naturalist with a remarkable gift for interpreting fossils.Owen produced a vast array of scientific work, but is probably best remembered today for coining the word Dinosauria (meaning "Terrible Reptile" or "Fearfully Great Reptile"). An outspoken critic of Charles Darwin's theory of evolution by natural selection, Owen agreed with Darwin that evolution occurred, but thought it was more complex than outlined in Darwin's On the Origin of Species. Owen's approach to evolution can be considered to have anticipated the issues that have gained greater attention with the recent emergence of evolutionary developmental biology.
<Jane_Wenham_(actress)>	Ann Jane Wenham Figgins (26 November 1927 – 15 November 2018), known professionally as Jane Wenham, was an English film and television actress born in Southampton, Hampshire.Wenham made her film debut in the adaptation of J. B. Priestley's An Inspector Calls (1954). From 1957 to 1961, she was married to the actor Albert Finney, with whom she had a son, Simon, who is a cameraman.
<Constance_Dowling>	Constance Dowling (July 24, 1920 – October 28, 1969) was an American model turned actress of the 1940s and 1950s.Born in New York City, Dowling was a model and chorus girl before moving to California in 1943. She had two brothers, Richard Dowling and Robert Smith Dowling, and was the elder sister of actress Doris Dowling. She attended Wadleigh High School for Girls in New York City.
<Masatoshi_Nei>	Masatoshi Nei (根井正利, Nei Masatoshi) (born January 2, 1931) is a Japanese-born American evolutionary biologist currently affiliated with the Department of Biology at Temple University as a Carnell Professor. He was, until recently, Evan Pugh Professor of Biology at Pennsylvania State University and Director of the Institute of Molecular Evolutionary Genetics; he was there from 1990 to 2015.Nei was born in 1931 in Miyazaki Prefecture, on Kyūshū Island, Japan. He was associate professor and professor of biology at Brown University from 1969 to 1972 and professor of population genetics at the Center for Demographic and Population Genetics, University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston (UTHealth), from 1972 to 1990. Acting alone or working with his students, he has continuously developed statistical theories of molecular evolution taking into account discoveries in molecular biology. He has also developed concepts in evolutionary theory and advanced the theory of mutation-driven evolution.Together with Walter Fitch, Nei co-founded the journal Molecular Biology and Evolution in 1983 and the Society for Molecular Biology and Evolution in 1993.
<Jiang_Qinqin>	Jiang Qinqin (Chinese: 蒋勤勤; pinyin: Jiǎng Qínqín, born 3 September 1976) is a Chinese actress. She is sometimes credited as Shui Ling (simplified Chinese: 水灵; traditional Chinese: 水靈), a stage name given to her by Taiwanese writer Chiung Yao while she was involved in the production of the television series Tears in Heaven.Jiang started learning Beijing Opera at the age of 10 and entered the Beijing Film Academy in 1994 after attaining first place in the entrance examination. In the second year of Jiang's study at the Beijing Film Academy, she was cast by director Yang Jie in the title role of Xishi in the television series of the same name. She then starred in Tears in Heaven, an adaptation of a novel by Chiung Yao, and rose to fame in China.  Following that, she played a number of notable roles, including Gu Manlu in Affair of Half a Lifetime (2003) and Mu Nianci in The Legend of the Condor Heroes (2003).Jiang's performance in the historical drama Qiao's Grand Courtyard won her both Favorite TV Actress and the Audience's Favorite Actress Awards at the Golden Eagle TV Art Festival. Jiang has also starred in several films, notably My Sister’s Dictionary and Seven Nights, for which she was awarded at the Golden Phoenix Awards.[citation needed]Jiang married actor Chen Jianbin on February 22, 2006, whom she co-starred with in Qiao's Grand Courtyard. Their son was born on January 8, 2007.
<Christian_Tiffert>	Christian Tiffert (German pronunciation: [ˈkʁɪsti̯a(ː)n ˈtɪfɐt]; born 18 February 1982) is a German football manager and a former midfielder. He is the manager of Chemnitzer FC.On 8 April 2010, he signed with 1. FC Kaiserslautern for the 2010–11 Bundesliga season. During his time with Kaiserslautern, Tiffert led the Bundesliga in assists with 17 in the 2010–11 season.[citation needed]
<Anita_Morris>	Anita Rose Morris (March 14, 1943 – March 2, 1994) was an American actress, singer and dancer. She began her career performing in Broadway musicals, including Jesus Christ Superstar, Seesaw and Nine, for which she received a Tony Award nomination.During her career, Morris had starring roles in a number of films, include The Hotel New Hampshire (1984), Absolute Beginners (1986), Ruthless People (1986), Aria (1987), 18 Again! (1988), Bloodhounds of Broadway (1989) and A Sinful Life (1989). She had leading roles in two short-lived television series in 1980s: the NBC prime time soap opera Berrenger's (1985), and the Fox sitcom Down and Out in Beverly Hills (1987).Morris' most prominent film role was as Carol Dodsworth, the mistress to Danny DeVito, in Ruthless People; her most prominent stage role was her sensual performance as Carla in the musical Nine opposite Raul Julia. While nominated for a Best Featured Actress Tony Award as Carla, she lost to Liliane Montevecchi, also in Nine. 21 years later, Jane Krakowski won the Tony Award in the same category as Morris, playing Carla in a revival with Antonio Banderas. Her signature number in Nine was "A Call from the Vatican", and she also sang "Simple", late in act two. She was scheduled to perform the former at the Tony Awards in 1982, but the television censors found her outfit too revealing. Her stage work began in the American Mime Theatre, and carried her to Broadway both for Nine, Jesus Christ Superstar, Seesaw, The Magic Show (cast album and video/DVD), Sugar Babies (replacement for the "Soubrette" originated by Ann Jillian) and The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas.
<Rob_Friend>	Robert Douglas Friend (born 23 January 1981) is a Canadian former professional soccer player, who played as a forward, and CEO of Pacific FC.Friend was born 23 January 1981 in Rosetown, Saskatchewan, Canada, and grew up in Kelowna, British Columbia. He was the first Kelowna-based player to make the British Columbia Provincial team, a collection of top youth players, and was named captain of the 1997 team. Friend was exposed to senior level play early, appearing for Okanagan Challenge of the Premier Development Soccer League as well as appearing in an exhibition for the Vancouver 86ers of the A-League.
<Juan_León_Mera>	Juan León Mera Martínez (28 June 1832 – 13 December 1894) was an Ecuadorian essayist, novelist, politician and painter.  His best-known works are the Ecuadorian National Hymn and the novel Cumandá (1879). Additionally, in his political career, he was a functionary of president Gabriel García Moreno.He was born in Ambato on 28 June 1832 and died in the same city on 13 December 1894. His father, Pedro Antonio Mera Gómez was a businessman while his mother Josefa Martínez Vásconez, raised her only son alone due to the fact that he abandoned her during her pregnancy.His infancy was humble while during his first years of life he lived at the “Los Molinos” country property, located in Ambato.  In order to support the family his maternal grandmother rented the property to her brother Pablo Vásconez, who was a political activist who fought against the politics of Juan José Flores. León Mera received his education at home, which in large part was carried out by great-uncle as well as his uncle Nicolás Martínez who was a doctor.At the age of twenty he traveled to Quito to study painting with the noted pictural artist Antonio Salas, where he learned how to paint oil and watercolor. At the age of 33, he and Antonio Neumane created the Ecuadorian National Hymn, "salve, Oh patria".Juan Leon Mera's son José Trajano Mera (1862 – 1919) became a poet, playwright and diplomat,
<Full_House_(UK_TV_series)>	Full House is a British sitcom which aired for three series from 1985 to 1986. It was the last sitcom to be jointly co-created by the sitcom writing team of Johnnie Mortimer and Brian Cooke, however, it was mainly written by Mortimer alone, with Mortimer writing 12 episodes alone, along with a further 3 with Cooke, while another veteran sitcom writer, Vince Powell, contributed another 3.It starred Christopher Strauli, Sabina Franklyn, Brian Capron and Natalie Forbes, with Diana King, who was later replaced by Joan Sanderson.
<Philip_T._Shutze>	Philip Trammell Shutze (August 18, 1890 – October 17, 1982)  was an American architect. He became a partner in 1927 of Hentz, Adler & Shutze. He is known for his neo-classical architecture.Designed the HM Patterson & son spring Hill chapel, 1020 spring Street Atlanta Georgia 30309, 1928
<Gerard_Alessandrini>	Gerard Alessandrini (born November 27, 1953) is an American playwright, parodist, actor and theatre director best known for creating the award-winning off-Broadway musical theatre parody revue Forbidden Broadway. He is the recipient of Tony Honors for Excellence in Theatre, an Obie Award, four Drama Desk Awards (including the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Lyrics and the Drama Desk Special Award), an Outer Critics Circle Award, and two Lucille Lortel Awards, as well as the Drama League Award for Lifetime Achievement in Musical Theatre.Alessandrini was born in Boston, Massachusetts, grew up in suburban Needham, and graduated from Xaverian Brothers High School in 1972.  After graduating from the Boston Conservatory of Music in 1976, he moved to New York City. As a young actor in summer stock, regional theater and dinner theater, he starred in The Fantasticks, Oklahoma and Carousel, among others. He also worked at the off-Broadway Light Opera of Manhattan.In late 1981, Alessandrini conceived and wrote a musical parody revue featuring spoofs of songs from Broadway musicals on which he had been working for some time. After a few months of weekend performances starring Alessandrini and a few friends at Palsson's Supper Club, the show evolved into Forbidden Broadway, which opened on January 15, 1982, at Palsson's, directed by Alessandrini. He continued to appear in the revue, which caught the theatergoing public's attention after Rex Reed published a rave review and ultimately ran for 2,332 performances in a number of venues. It has subsequently been rewritten several times to include parodies of newer shows and ran almost continuously for 25 years with productions both in and outside New York. In 2006, the show and Alessandrini won Tony Honors for Excellence in Theatre. The last incarnation, called Forbidden Broadway Comes Out Swinging played Off-Broadway's Davenport Theatre in 2014.
<FC_Barcelona>	Futbol Club Barcelona (Catalan pronunciation: [fubˈbɔl ˈklub bəɾsəˈlonə] (listen)), commonly referred to as Barcelona and colloquially known as Barça ([ˈbaɾsə]), is a professional football club based in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain, that competes in La Liga, the top flight of Spanish football.Founded in 1899 by a group of Swiss, Catalan, German, and English footballers led by Joan Gamper, the club has become a symbol of Catalan culture and Catalanism, hence the motto "Més que un club" ("More than a club"). Unlike many other football clubs, the supporters own and operate Barcelona. It is the fourth-most valuable sports team in the world, worth $4.76 billion, and the world's fourth richest football club in terms of revenue, with an annual turnover of €582.1 million. The official Barcelona anthem is the "Cant del Barça", written by Jaume Picas and Josep Maria Espinàs. Barcelona traditionally play in dark shades of blue and garnet stripes, hence nicknamed Blaugrana.
<Neuilly-sur-Seine>	Neuilly-sur-Seine (French pronunciation: [nøji syʁ sɛn] (listen); literally 'Neuilly on Seine'), also known simply as Neuilly, is a commune in the department of Hauts-de-Seine in France, just west of Paris. Immediately adjacent to the city, the area is composed of mostly select residential neighbourhoods, as well as many corporate headquarters and a handful of foreign embassies. It is the wealthiest and most expensive suburb of Paris.Together with the 16th and 7th arrondissement of Paris, the town of Neuilly-sur-Seine forms the most affluent and prestigious residential area in the whole of France. It has the 2nd highest average household income in France, at €112,504 per year (in 2020).
<University_Corporation_for_Atmospheric_Research>	The University Corporation for Atmospheric Research (UCAR) is a US nonprofit consortium of more than 100 colleges and universities providing research and training in the atmospheric and related sciences. UCAR manages the National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR) and provides additional services to strengthen and support research and education through its community programs. Its headquarters, in Boulder, Colorado, include NCAR's Mesa Laboratory, designed by I.M. Pei.UCAR was established in 1959 by faculty from 14 leading universities to support and nourish the atmospheric sciences. They were motivated by a newly recognized need for pooled observational and computational facilities and a strong research staff, which together would allow the academic community to carry out complex, long-term scientific programs beyond the reach of individual universities.This group’s first major action, in partnership with the National Science Foundation, was to establish NCAR. Since then, UCAR has managed NCAR on behalf of NSF to address pressing scientific and societal needs involving the atmosphere and its interactions with the oceans, land, and Sun—what is now called Earth system science.
<Carl_Held>	Carl Held (born September 19, 1931), sometimes credited as Karl Held and Christopher Held, is an American actor who has worked extensively in both American and British television.Held is best known for his role as Garth in the 1980s soap opera Falcon Crest, which he played for three seasons from 1987 to 1989.
<Ahold_Delhaize>	Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize N.V. (in Dutch literally "Royal Ahold Delhaize"), commonly known as Ahold Delhaize, is a Dutch multinational retail and wholesaling company. Its name comes from a merger between Ahold (Dutch) and Delhaize Group (Belgian), the two predecessor companies that merged to form the present-day Ahold Delhaize. Its business format includes supermarkets, convenience stores, hypermarkets, online grocery, online non-food, drugstores, and liquor stores. Its 21 local brands employ 375,000 people at 6,500 stores in 11 countries, predominantly the Netherlands and Belgium.Ahold Delhaize's international headquarters is in Zaandam, Netherlands; it is the former headquarters of the predecessor company Ahold. Its brands are active in the Netherlands, Belgium, the Czech Republic, Greece, Luxembourg, Romania, Serbia, and the United States. It also participates in joint ventures in Indonesia and Portugal.
<Ben_Carson>	Benjamin Solomon Carson Sr. (born September 18, 1951) is an American retired neurosurgeon and politician who served as the 17th United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development from 2017 to 2021. A pioneer in the field of neurosurgery, he was a candidate for President of the United States in the 2016 Republican primaries.Carson became the director of pediatric neurosurgery at the Johns Hopkins Children's Center in 1984 at age 33, then the youngest chief of pediatric neurosurgery in the United States. In 1987, he gained significant fame after leading a team of surgeons in the first known separation of conjoined twins joined at the back of the head. Although surgically a success, the twins continued to experience neurologic/medical complications. His additional accomplishments include performing the first successful neurosurgical procedure on a fetus inside the womb, developing new methods to treat brain-stem tumors, and revitalizing hemispherectomy techniques for controlling seizures. He wrote over 100 neurosurgical publications. He retired from medicine in 2013; at the time, he was professor of neurosurgery, oncology, plastic surgery, and pediatrics at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine.
<Daniel_Keyes>	Daniel Keyes (August 9, 1927 – June 15, 2014) was an American writer who wrote the novel Flowers for Algernon. Keyes was given the Author Emeritus honor by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America in 2000.Keyes was born in New York City, New York. His family was Jewish. He attended New York University briefly before joining the United States Maritime Service at 17, working as a ship's purser on oil tankers. Afterward he returned to New York and in 1950 received a bachelor's degree in psychology from Brooklyn College.
<Gary_D._Solis>	Gary Dean Solis (born June 5, 1941) is a veteran of the U.S. Marine Corps and an adjunct professor of law who teaches the laws of war at the Georgetown University Law Center and the George Washington University Law School.He attended San Diego State University (B.A), the University of California, Davis School of Law (J.D.), George Washington University Law School (LL.M.), and the London School of Economics and Political Science (Ph.D.). His doctoral thesis, in 1992, was on American military justice and the law of war: A case study of military law in Vietnam.Before his academic career, Solis served two tours of duty during the Vietnam War in the United States Marine Corps.  He is a former military judge advocate and Marine prosecutor, who retired as a lieutenant colonel (O-5).
<Alexey_Stakhov>	Alexey Petrovich Stakhov  (Russian: Алексей Петрович Стахов Ukrainian: Олексій Петрович Стахов; May 7, 1939 – January 25, 2021) is a Ukrainian mathematician, inventor and engineer, who has made contributions to the theory of Fibonacci numbers and the "Golden Section" and their applications in computer science and measurement theory and technology. Doctor of computer science (1972), professor (1974). Author of over 500 publications, 14 books and  65 international patents.Born May 7, 1939, in Partizany, Kherson region, Ukraine, USSR. In 1956 graduated with honours from Rivne village high school. Same year became a student of the Mining Faculty of the Kyiv Polytechnic Institute (now the National Technical University of Ukraine “Kyiv Polytechnic Institute”). In 1959, transferred to the Radio Engineering Faculty of Kharkiv Aviation Institute (now the National Aerospace University of Ukraine). After graduation, worked for two years as an engineer in the Kharkiv Electrical Instrument Design Bureau (now the space technology company “Khartron”). "Khartron" was one of the top secret space companies of the Soviet Union. It was engaged in the research, development and manufacture of automatic control systems for missiles and space craft on board systems. Through working there Stakhov obtained thorough practical engineering experience and published his first scientific papers. Later he worked at the universities of Russia and Ukraine (Kharkiv Institute of Radio Electronics, Taganrog Radio Engineering Institute, Vinnytsia Technical University, Vinnytsia Agricultural University, Vinnytsia Pedagogic University). He was a visiting professor at many universities abroad (Austria, Germany, Libya, Mozambique). Since 2004, he lived and worked in Canada.The work as "visiting professor":
<Harold_Urey>	Harold Clayton Urey (/ˈjʊəri/ YOOR-ee; April 29, 1893 – January 5, 1981) was an American physical chemist whose pioneering work on isotopes earned him the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1934 for the discovery of deuterium. He played a significant role in the development of the atom bomb, as well as contributing to theories on the development of organic life from non-living matter.Born in Walkerton, Indiana, Urey studied thermodynamics under Gilbert N. Lewis at the University of California, Berkeley. After he received his PhD in 1923, he was awarded a fellowship by the American-Scandinavian Foundation to study at the Niels Bohr Institute in Copenhagen. He was a research associate at Johns Hopkins University before becoming an associate professor of Chemistry at Columbia University. In 1931, he began work with the separation of isotopes that resulted in the discovery of deuterium.
<Caspar_Brötzmann>	Caspar Brötzmann (born 13 December 1962) is a German guitarist, vocalist and bandleader.Brötzmann typically performs with the power trio lineup of Caspar Brötzmann Massaker (his early band), with guitar, bass guitar and drums. He uses rock and roll and heavy metal music as a basis for his music, which often features lengthy songs that start slow and quiet but gradually build to a ferocious climax. Brötzmann's technique has been praised: "...his attack on the instrument — explosive, obstreperous, large scale, textural, timbral — asserts the material facts of string-pickup-amplifier more bluntly than anyone else currently involved in rock".
<ZM_Whangarei>	94.8ZM Whangarei (originally known as 93ZM) is a hit music radio station in Whangarei, New Zealand. It is a station of the ZM network, and is owned and operated by New Zealand Media and Entertainment.ZM was first started in the Northland town of Whangarei in 1995 by Radio New Zealand broadcasting on 93.1 MHz as 93ZM. At the time local ZM stations were operating in Wellington as 91ZM Wellington and Christchurch as 91ZM Christchurch. A ZM station did previously exist in Auckland as 1ZM but this station became the very first Classic Hits station in 1987.
<William_S._Ladd>	William Sargent Ladd (October 10, 1826 – January 6, 1893) was an American politician and businessman in Oregon. He twice served as Portland, Oregon's mayor in the 1850s. A native of Vermont, he was a prominent figure in the early development of Portland, and co-founded the first bank in the state in 1859. Ladd also built the first brick building in Portland and was a noted philanthropist. Part of his former estate, the Ladd Carriage House, is on the National Register of Historic Places.William Ladd was born to Nathaniel Gould Ladd and Abigail Kelley Mead on October 10, 1826, in Holland, Vermont. Nathaniel was of English heritage and received his education at Dartmouth College, becoming a physician, while Abigail was from New Hampshire. When William was seven years old, the family moved to Sanborton Bridge, New Hampshire, where he was educated in the local public schools and an academy. During the summers, he worked, and at age 15 his father got him a job on a farm. William later worked on the family's 58-acre (230,000 m2) farm before at age 19 beginning to work as a teacher in area schools.
<Gordon_Tipple>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Padma_Shri>	Padma Shri (IAST: padma śrī), also spelled Padma Shree, is the fourth-highest civilian award of the Republic of India, after the Bharat Ratna, the Padma Vibhushan and the Padma Bhushan. Instituted on 2 January 1954, the award is conferred in recognition of "distinguished contribution in various spheres of activity including the arts, education, industry, literature, science, acting, medicine, social service and public affairs". It is awarded by the Government of India every year on India's Republic Day.
<Charles_B._Crawford>	Charles Brown Crawford (May 7, 1884 – March 17, 1951) was an American football coach.  He served as the head football coach at the  University of Virginia for one season, in 1910, compiling a record of 6–2.  Crawford was later a pediatrician in Washington, D.C. He was buried in Alexandria, Virginia.This biographical article relating to a college football coach first appointed in the 1910s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Stonegate_Pub_Company>	Simon Longbottom (CEO)Stonegate Pub Company is the largest pub company in the UK, operating around 4,800 managed, leased and tenanted pubs . It is owned by TDR Capital. The head office is based in Solihull, UK, and the company is registered in the Cayman Islands.
<Stephanie_Bidmead>	Stephanie Bidmead (29 January 1929 – 22 September 1974) was a British stage and television actress.She was born in Kidderminster. She attended Kidderminster High School for Girls, a girls' grammar school, now part of King Charles I School since 1977.
<Guglielmo_Marconi>	Guglielmo Giovanni Maria Marconi, 1st Marquis of Marconi FRSA (Italian: [ɡuʎˈʎɛlmo marˈkoːni]; 25 April 1874 – 20 July 1937) was an Italian inventor and electrical engineer, known for his creation of a practical radio wave-based wireless telegraph system. This led to Marconi being credited as the inventor of radio, and he shared the 1909 Nobel Prize in Physics with Karl Ferdinand Braun "in recognition of their contributions to the development of wireless telegraphy".Marconi was also an entrepreneur, businessman, and founder of The Wireless Telegraph & Signal Company in the United Kingdom in 1897 (which became the Marconi Company). In 1929, Marconi was ennobled as a Marchese (marquis) by King Victor Emmanuel III of Italy, and, in 1931, he set up Vatican Radio for Pope Pius XI.
<Alex_Robinson>	Alex Robinson (born August 8, 1969) is an American comic book writer and artist.Alex Robinson grew up in Yorktown Heights, New York, and graduated from Yorktown High School in 1987. After a year spent at SUNY Brockport, he went to the School of Visual Arts in New York City, where he studied under Will Eisner, Sal Amendola, Gahan Wilson, and Carmine Infantino. He graduated with a BFA in cartooning in 1993.Robinson's first major work was Box Office Poison, originally serialized by Antarctic Press and then collected into graphic novel form in 2001 by Top Shelf Productions. Box Office Poison concerns the life and trials of a group of young people in New York City (the central protagonist works in a bookstore, a job Robinson himself held for seven years.)
<John_Michael_Kohler_House>	The John Michael Kohler House is an historic house listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Sheboygan, Wisconsin, United States. The house is currently a part of the John Michael Kohler Arts Center complex.The house was constructed in 1882 by John Michael Kohler (1844–1900), a past mayor of Sheboygan and founder of the Kohler Company.  No documentary record of the house's architect has been found. Family tradition recalls that John Michael Kohler, himself, designed the house. This is plausible, because it is known that other members of the Kohler family in Austria engaged in architecture, including John Michael's father, whose design of a small church survives.An extensive addition and remodel was completed in 1920.  At the time the house was occupied by his second wife, Wilhemina Minnie Vollrath (1842-1929) and four of his children Evangeline (1872-1954), Marie (1876-1943), Lillie (1877-1965), and  Herbert Sr (1891-1968).
<Porsche_Boxster/Cayman>	The Porsche Boxster and Cayman are mid-engine two-seater sports cars manufactured and marketed by German automobile manufacturer Porsche across four generations—as a two-door, two-seater roadster (Boxster) and a three-door, two-seater fastback coupé (Cayman).The first generation Boxster was introduced in 1996; the second generation Boxster and the Cayman arrived in late 2005; and the third generation launched in 2012. Since the introduction of the fourth generation in 2016, the two models have been marketed as the Porsche 718 Boxster and Porsche 718 Cayman.
<Helen_Worth>	Helen Worth MBE (born Cathryn Helen Wigglesworth; 7 January 1951)  is an English actress. She is best known for portraying the role of Gail Platt in the ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, a role that she has played since 1974. In 2014, she received the Outstanding Achievement Award at the British Soap Awards.Cathryn Helen Wigglesworth was born to Alfred and Gladys Wigglesworth in Ossett and grew up in Morecambe, Lancashire. She was brought up in a middle-class family and attended private school. When she was eight her parents fostered Ghanaian-born Wilson Kpikpitse, who was sent to England as an overseas student at the age of eleven and remained with the family for eight years, but moved on following the death of Worth's mother, who was killed in a hit-and-run road accident while she was on a visit to Brighton.
<Craig_Serling>	Craig E. Serling (born 1964) is an American film director, film producer, screenwriter, and television editor known for multiple Primetime Emmy nominations for 'Outstanding Picture Editing for Non-Fiction Programming' and for his 2006 directorial debut feature film Jam.Serling is a native of Syracuse, New York and was raised in Rochester, New York.  He earned a Bachelor of Arts in Film and Photographic Arts at the Rochester Institute of Technology, and moved to New York City to begin working in broadcast news and advertising. In 1989 he was accepted to the American Film Institute’s Center for Advanced Film and Television Studies and moved to Los Angeles. He currently resides in Santa Monica.In 1994, Serling and his partner, Roland Seeman, developed and shot a half-hour series pilot in Yugoslavia.  The purpose of the shoot was to shoot a pilot episode for a show concept profiling the lives and actions of Americans working for aid organizations around the world, and their prime goal was to profile American Red Cross volunteer Diane Paul based out of Zagreb, Croatia. During the shoot they met and included footage of Toby Wolf of the International Organization for Migration and Sonya Thompson, a representative of the US military whose job was to coordinate daily medevac.
<Finola_Hughes>	Finola Hughes (born 29 October 1959) is an English actress, best known for her role as Anna Devane on the ABC soap operas General Hospital and All My Children, and her portrayal of Laura in the 1983 film Staying Alive, the sequel to Saturday Night Fever.She is also known for her portrayal of Anna Devane's identical twin, Alexandra "Alex" Devane on All My Children and Patty Halliwell on the supernatural series, Charmed. She also portrayed Carol in the final seasons of the NBC sitcom Blossom. Hughes has also appeared in the films, Aspen Extreme, Above Suspicion and Like Crazy.
<Independent_politician>	An independent or non-partisan politician is a politician not affiliated with any political party or bureaucratic association. There are numerous reasons why someone may stand for office as an independent.Some politicians have political views that do not align with the platforms of any political party, and therefore choose not to affiliate with them. Some independent politicians may be associated with a party, perhaps as former members of it, or else have views that align with it, but choose not to stand in its name, or are unable to do so because the party in question has selected another candidate. Others may belong to or support a political party at the national level but believe they should not formally represent it (and thus be subject to its policies) at another level.In running for public office, independents sometimes choose to form a party or alliance with other independents, and may formally register their party or alliance. Even where the word "independent" is used, such alliances have much in common with a political party, especially if there is an organization which needs to approve the "independent" candidates.
<Slant_Six_Games>	Slant Six Games was a Canadian independent video game developer founded in 2005. The company's name is derived from the 1959 Chrysler engine of the same name. Slant Six Games' studio was based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. They were voted the 7th best company to work for in British Columbia by BC Business 2011.Slant Six Games has released three games published by Sony Computer Entertainment of America: SOCOM U.S. Navy SEALs: Tactical Strike which was named the best PSP multiplayer experience at E3 2007 and SOCOM U.S. Navy SEALs: Fireteam Bravo 3 for the PlayStation Portable as well as SOCOM U.S. Navy SEALs: Confrontation for PlayStation 3.In March 2012, Slant Six Games launched Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City as part of the Resident Evil franchise. The game has been called "a big success" by the publisher Capcom for shipping two million copies within two months of the release date. Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City is Capcom's 16th best selling title.
<Bohemian_F.C.>	Bohemian Football Club (Irish: an Cumann Peile Bóihéamach), more commonly referred to as Bohemians or Bohs, is a professional football club from Dublin, Ireland. Bohemians compete in the Premier Division of the League of Ireland, and are the oldest League of Ireland club in continuous existence. Bohs are the fourth most successful club in League of Ireland football history, having won the League of Ireland title 11 times, the FAI Cup 7 times, the League of Ireland Shield 6 times and the League of Ireland Cup 3 times. Prior to the establishment of the Football Association of Ireland and League of Ireland, Bohemians competed in the Irish Football League and Irish Cup, which were at the time all-Ireland competitions. During that period they won the Irish Cup once and finished runners up 5 times. They hold the record for Leinster Senior Cup wins with 32 cups claimed.Bohemians were founded by members of the Bell's Academy civil service training college, the Royal Hibernian Military School, medical students and others, on 6 September 1890 in the Phoenix Park Gate Lodge beside the North Circular Road entrance and played its first games in the Park's Polo Grounds. They were one of the founding members of the League of Ireland in 1921, after their withdrawal from the Irish Football League. They established themselves as a major force within the first 15 years of the League of Ireland, winning 5 league titles, 2 FAI Cups and 4 Shields, but struggled for decades after that, largely due to their strict amateur status, going 34 seasons without winning a major trophy. Bohemians dropped their amateur ethos in 1969 and proceeded to win 2 League titles, 2 FAI Cups, and 2 League cups during the 1970s. They suffered a further decline throughout the 1980s and most of the 1990s before claiming League and Cup doubles in 2001 and 2008, alongside the 2003 and most recently 2009 title wins.
<Home_Farm_F.C.>	Home Farm Football Club is an Irish association football club based in Whitehall, Dublin. It was founded in 1928. The club joined the League of Ireland in 1972 after merging with Drumcondra. Following this merger they were briefly known as Home Farm Drumcondra. Between 1995 and 1999 they played as Home Farm Everton before a split within the club led to the formation of Home Farm Fingal (later Dublin City). The original Home Farm reverted to junior status.Home Farm is perhaps best known for its youth system which has produced dozens of players who have gone on to play for clubs throughout the Republic of Ireland and the United Kingdom. In addition many have also gone on to represent the Republic of Ireland at international level.
<Parvathy_Nambiar>	Parvathy Nambiar is an Indian actress and dancer known for her work in Malayalam Cinema.She got engaged to Vineeth Menon in 2019 and married him in 2020.
<Neta_Bahcall>	Space Telescope Science Institute (1983-1989) Neta Bahcall (Hebrew: נטע אסף בקל; born 1942) is an Israeli astrophysicist and cosmologist specializing in dark matter, the structure of the universe, quasars, and the formation of galaxies. Bahcall is the Eugene Higgins Professor of Astronomy at Princeton University.Neta Assaf Bahcall was born in 1942. When she was growing up in Israel she initially wanted to go to medical school. However, not being the child of a doctor, she would not be able to. She received a B.S. in physics and mathematics at Hebrew University in Israel in 1963.  In 1965, she received her Master's in physics at the Weizmann Institute of Science.  In 1970, Bahcall received her Ph.D. in astrophysics at the University of Tel Aviv.
<Terry_Dunfield>	Terence Dunfield (born February 20, 1982) is a Canadian former soccer player, coach and pundit who is head coach of Toronto FC's under-17s team, as well as soccer analyst for TSN and colour commentator for OneSoccer.As a player he was a midfielder who played in the Premier League although briefly for Manchester City, he also played in the English Football League for Bury, Macclesfield Town, Shrewsbury Town and Oldham Athletic, with a brief stint in Scotland with Ross County. He also played in Major League Soccer for both Vancouver Whitecaps FC and Toronto FC, before finishing his career in local soccer with Toronto Atomic FC. He was capped 14 times by Canada.
<Frank_O'Bannon>	Frank Lewis O'Bannon (January 30, 1930 – September 13, 2003) was an American politician who served as the 47th governor of Indiana from 1997 until his death in 2003. As of October 2022, he remains the last United States Governor to have died in office.O'Bannon was a native of Corydon, Indiana. He graduated from Corydon High School (now Corydon Central High School) in 1948 and then Indiana University, where he met his wife Judy. In Corydon, he served as a practicing attorney and a newspaper publisher for The Corydon Democrat before his entrance into the political arena.
<Leland_Orser>	Leland Jones Orser (born August 6, 1960) is an American actor. He has appeared in numerous film and television roles, notably as Lucien Dubenko in the television series ER (2004–2009) and Sam Gilroy in the Taken film series (2008–2014).Orser made his television debut in 1991 on the series Gabriel's Fire. His next roles were small roles on The Golden Girls, Cheers, L.A. Law, The X-Files, NYPD Blue, Law & Order: Special Victims Unit and CSI: Crime Scene Investigation.In 1999, he played Dr. Arthur Zeller in The Outer Limits episode "Descent". He appeared in Seven (1995) as a man who was involuntarily recruited to kill a prostitute. He was credited as "Crazed Man in Massage Parlour". He played Larry Purvis in Alien Resurrection (1997).
<John_Tyler>	John Tyler (March 29, 1790 – January 18, 1862) was the tenth president of the United States, serving from 1841 to 1845, after briefly holding office as the tenth vice president in 1841. He was elected vice president on the 1840 Whig ticket with President William Henry Harrison, succeeding to the presidency following Harrison's death 31 days after assuming office. Tyler was a stalwart supporter and advocate of states' rights, including regarding slavery, and he adopted nationalistic policies as president only when they did not infringe on the states' powers. His unexpected rise to the presidency posed a threat to the presidential ambitions of Henry Clay and other Whig politicians and left Tyler estranged from both of the nation's major political parties at the time.Tyler was born into a prominent slaveholding Virginia family. He became a national figure at a time of political upheaval. In the 1820s, the nation's only political party was the Democratic-Republican Party, and it split into factions. Initially a Democrat, Tyler opposed President Andrew Jackson during the Nullification Crisis as he saw Jackson's actions as infringing on states' rights and criticized Jackson's expansion of executive power during the Bank War. This led Tyler to ally with the Whig Party. He served as a Virginia state legislator and governor, U.S. representative, and U.S. senator. Tyler was a regional Whig vice-presidential nominee in the 1836 presidential election; they lost. He was the sole nominee on the 1840 Whig presidential ticket as William Henry Harrison's running mate. Under the campaign slogan "Tippecanoe and Tyler Too", the Harrison-Tyler ticket defeated incumbent president Martin Van Buren.
<Edgar_Award>	The Edgar Allan Poe Awards, popularly called the Edgars, are presented every year by the Mystery Writers of America, based in New York City. Named after American writer Edgar Allan Poe (1809–1849), a pioneer in the genre, the awards honor the best in mystery fiction, non-fiction, television, film, and theater published or produced in the previous year.The Robert L. Fish Memorial Award was established in 1984 to honor the best first mystery short story by an American author. The winners are listed below.The Lilian Jackson Braun Award was established to honor Lilian Jackson Braun and is presented in the "best full-length, contemporary cozy mystery as submitted to and selected by a special MWA committee."
<Ola_Bauer>	Ola Bauer (24 July 1943 – 12 June 1999) was a Norwegian novelist and playwright. He made his literary debut with the novel Graffiti in 1976, under the pseudonym Jo Vendt. Among his best known books are Humlehjertene (1980), Rosapenna (1983), and Metoden (1985). Bauer was awarded Gyldendal's Endowment in 1982, and the Dobloug Prize in 1998. He died of cancer in 1999.Bauer was born 24 July 1943 in Holmenkollåsen, Oslo, during the German occupation of Norway. His father was a baker, and an active member of the Norwegian resistance movement. In 1943, he was arrested, while the rest of the family went undercover in Hadeland. Bauer's father was eventually deported to the Sachsenhausen concentration camp, where he died three months before the end of the war. Bauer's family continuously moved from place to place, and Bauer had a hard time adjusting to the changes, and finding friends. He found himself consistently making friends with children of traitors, those who had supported the Germans during the war. "We were all innocent children, who had to pay for our fathers' choices. We could understand each other", Bauer later said. He used to make up stories about his father's death, a new version for every new place his family moved. He graduated from Oslo Språkskole in 1965, on his second attempt, "with a D in Norwegian, as usual".Bauer started his literary career translating short stories from Danish to Norwegian for Allers. He quickly advanced to becoming sports reporter for Det Nye, and later a traveling journalist for Vi Menn. He stayed in Paris for more than a year in the late 1960s, and later traveled around Africa. From 1972 on he made frequent visits to Belfast, and made many friends there.
<William_Stanley_Jevons>	William Stanley Jevons FRS (/ˈdʒɛvənz/; 1 September 1835 – 13 August 1882) was an English economist and logician.Irving Fisher described Jevons's book A General Mathematical Theory of Political Economy (1862) as the start of the mathematical method in economics. It made the case that economics, as a science concerned with quantities, is necessarily mathematical. In so doing, it expounded upon the "final" (marginal) utility theory of value. Jevons' work, along with similar discoveries made by Carl Menger in Vienna (1871) and by Léon Walras in Switzerland (1874), marked the opening of a new period in the history of economic thought. Jevons's contribution to the marginal revolution in economics in the late 19th century established his reputation as a leading political economist and logician of the time.
<Whip_It_(film)>	Whip It is a 2009 American sports comedy-drama film directed by Drew Barrymore in her directorial debut and written by Shauna Cross, based on her 2007 novel Derby Girl. The film is co-produced by Barrymore and Barry Mendel. It stars Elliot Page as a teenager from the fictional town of Bodeen, Texas, who joins a roller derby team. The film also stars Barrymore, Alia Shawkat, Marcia Gay Harden, Daniel Stern, Carlo Alban, Landon Pigg, Jimmy Fallon, Kristen Wiig, Zoë Bell, Eve, Andrew Wilson, Juliette Lewis, and Ari Graynor.The film premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 13, 2009 and was theatrically released on October 2, 2009 in the United States by Fox Searchlight Pictures. It received positive reviews from critics but was a box office disappointment, grossing $16.6 million worldwide against its $15 million budget. It received two WIN Award nominations for Outstanding Actress, as well as Feature Film for Page and Barrymore, respectively. Whip It was released on DVD and Blu-ray on January 26, 2010 by 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment.Bliss Cavendar is a teenager in the small town of Bodeen, Texas. She has lost interest in the beauty pageants her mother, former beauty queen Brooke, pressures her to win.
<Burns_Building>	The Burns Building is a historic six-story building located in downtown Calgary, Alberta. It sits at 237-8th Ave. S.E. on the end of Stephen Avenue overlooking Olympic Plaza and City Hall.The building was commissioned by meat baron Pat Burns as the corporate headquarters and flagship market for his empire, Burns Foods. Burns bought the property around 1909 but excavation did not begin until the fall of 1911. Construction commenced in April 1912. 1913 was a big year for building in Calgary. The Palliser Hotel, Lancaster Block, Canada Life Building and the Hudson's Bay store were built. The Herald Building (demolished in 1972 and now the site of the Len Werry Building) was also under construction.In 1923 Pat Burns exchanged the building for the Glengarry Ranch.
<Eckhart_Tolle>	Eckhart Tolle (/ˈɛkɑːrt ˈtɒlə/ EK-art TOL-ə; German: [ˈɛkhaʁt ˈtɔlə]; born Ulrich Leonard Tölle, February 16, 1948) is a German-born spiritual teacher and self-help author of The Power of Now and A New Earth.After being recommended by Oprah Winfrey, his first book, The Power of Now: A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment, reached The New York Times Best Seller list in 2000[citation needed] which was followed eight years later by the book A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose.
<Holzbrücke_Bad_Säckingen>	Holzbrücke Bad Säckingen (German name) or Säckingerbrücke (Swiss name) is a bridge over the Rhine. It connects the German city of Bad Säckingen with the village Stein in Switzerland. The covered bridge spans 203.7 metres (668 ft) over the Hochrhein and is the longest roofed wooden bridge in Europe. The bridge is listed as a national registered monument in Switzerland (Kulturgut von nationaler Bedeutung im Kanton Aargau).The bridge was built in 1272 and was destroyed several times (1570, 1633, 1678). The current bridge was completed in 1700. Originally a road bridge, the bridge is now only open for pedestrians since the Fridolinsbrücke (Swiss name: Rheinbrücke Stein) was opened in 1979 for road traffic.inside
<Pearson_PLC>	Pearson plc is a British multinational publishing and education company headquartered in London, England. It was founded as a construction business in the 1840s but switched to publishing in the 1920s. It is the largest education company and was once the largest book publisher in the world. In 2013 Pearson merged its Penguin Books with German conglomerate Bertelsmann. In 2015, the company announced a change to focus solely on education. Pearson plc owns one of the GCSE examining boards for the UK, Edexcel. Pearson has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index. It has a secondary listing on the New York Stock Exchange in the form of American depositary receipts. 
<16_Years_of_Alcohol>	16 Years of Alcohol is a 2003 drama film written and directed by Richard Jobson, based on his semi-autobiographical 1987 novel. Kevin McKidd stars as Frankie, a violent alcoholic who is partially based on Jobson and his brother.The opening scene shows Frankie being beaten by a small group of men, and the rest of the film is shown as a flashback leading up to that point. The film is split into three sections: Frankie's troubled childhood, his violent adolescence as a ska-loving skinhead who commands a small gang, and a period of change, in which Frankie tries to believe in hope and love.
<Howard_Florey>	Howard Walter Florey, Baron Florey OM FRS FRCP (24 September 1898 – 21 February 1968) was an Australian pharmacologist and pathologist who shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1945 with Sir Ernst Chain and Sir Alexander Fleming for his role in the development of penicillin.Although Fleming received most of the credit for the discovery of penicillin, it was Florey who carried out the first clinical trials of penicillin in 1941 at the Radcliffe Infirmary in Oxford on the first patient, a police constable from Oxford. The patient started to recover, but subsequently died because Florey was unable, at that time, to make enough penicillin. It was Florey and Chain who actually made a useful and effective drug out of penicillin, after the task had been abandoned as too difficult.
<Our_Saviour's_Atonement_Lutheran_Church_(New_York_City)>	Coordinates: 40°51′9.48″N 73°55′49.87″W﻿ / ﻿40.8526333°N 73.9305194°W﻿ / 40.8526333; -73.9305194Our Saviour's Atonement Lutheran Church was a Lutheran church in Washington Heights, Manhattan, New York City at 578-580 West 187th Street. The church building built 1925 to 1926 at a cost of $30,000 to designs by an architect Stoyan N. Karastoyanoff of 220 Audubon Avenue. It was demolished and there is no longer a parish of St. Luke's in New York. Before the church was completed the original Lutheran Church of Our Saviour merged with The Evangelical Lutheran Church of the Atonement to become Our Saviour's Atonement Lutheran Church.The pastor at the time of construction was the Rev. Arthur E. Deitz.Both merged congregations had been founded as mission churches of St. John's Evangelical Lutheran Church. The former Atonement Lutheran's church (established in 1896) at 116 Edgecombe Avenue (built 1897 and now owned by Mount Calvary United Methodist Church. Our Saviour's Church (established 1898), was first located at 525 West 179th Street before moving to 580 West 187th Street as the merged congregation. The congregation moved into their parish house after the Great Depression and the church is now the home of Holy Cross Armenian Apostolic Church.
<Brady_Smith_(actor)>	Brady Smith (born December 29, 1971) is an American actor and author.[non-primary source needed]Smith has appeared on various television series, including ER (1994), JAG (1995), Charmed (1998), Judging Amy (1999), CSI: Miami (2002), The Comeback (2005), The Mentalist (2009), White Collar (2011), Criminal Minds (2014) and Alexa & Katie (2020) as Joe.In 2010, Smith starred in the Hallmark Channel television movie Ice Dreams, and starred as Matt Thompson in the television movie The Jensen Project. In 2013 he was cast in the MTV television series Happyland. Smith played the father of the titular character in the 2016 television movie The Perfect Daughter.
<Gene_Persson>	Eugene Clair "Gene" Persson (January 12, 1934 – June 6, 2008) was an American actor, theatrical and film producer, best known for his work as the co-producer and co-creator of the original 1967 production of the Broadway musical comedy, You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown, as well as the show's 1999 Broadway revival, which won two Tony Awards.Gene Persson was born in Long Beach, California the son of Oscar Persson and Leah Krascoff. He began his career in entertainment as a child actor on radio, television and film, including one of the kids in Ma and Pa Kettle (1949) and two of its followups. He returned to acting after having served in the United States military during the Korean War, appearing in B movies, including Paramount Pictures' The Party Crashers (1958), as well as Earth vs. the Spider (1958) and Bloodlust! (1961).
<Sahar_Dolatshahi>	Sahar Dolatshahi (Persian: سحر دولتشاهی, born October 8, 1979) is an Iranian actress. She is best known for her acting in Ice Age (2015), Istanbul Junction (2018), The Frog (2020–2021) and I Want to Live (2021–present). She has received various accolades, including two Crystal Simorgh and an Iran's Film Critics and Writers Association Award.She is a graduate of the Department of Dramatic and Translational Literature in French. She began her acting career in the theater.In the film Gold and Copper directed by Homayoun Asadiyan in 2011, she was nominated for Best Actress in a Supporting Role at the 14th Iran Cinema Celebration. In the 33rd Fajr Film Festival, Dolatshahi won a Crystal Simorgh for best actress in a supporting role in the film Ice Age. The film 180° Rule starring Dolatshahi and directed by Farnoush Samadi received an award at 65th Valladolid International Film Festival for the Best Film of Meeting Point section.
<Bruno_Moreira>	Bruno Daniel Pereira Castro Moreira (born 6 September 1987) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for C.D. Trofense as a forward.Born in the village of Landim, Vila Nova de Famalicão, Moreira finished his development at S.C. Braga. He started as a senior with amateurs G.D. Joane, then went on to spend the following five seasons in the Segunda Liga, with Varzim S.C. and Moreirense FC.
<Manabu_Kitabeppu>	As pitching coachManabu Kitabeppu (北別府 学, Kitabeppu Manabu), (born July 12, 1957) is a Japanese former professional baseball pitcher, the first-round draft pick of the Hiroshima Toyo Carp in 1975 and one of the most famous Japanese right-handed pitchers. He was known as the "Precision Machine" (精密機械, Seimutsu-Kikai) because from his perfect control pitching, and his nickname was Pei-San (ペイさん).He struggled his first few seasons, then went 17-11 with a 3.58 ERA to make his first All-Star team in 1979. It was the first of five consecutive All-Star picks for Kitabeppu, who helped the team to a Japan Series title in 1980.
<Now_the_Hell_Will_Start>	Now the Hell Will Start: One Soldier's Flight from the Greatest Manhunt of World War II (2008) is a narrative nonfiction history book by United States author Brendan I. Koerner.It investigates and recounts the story of Herman Perry, an African-American World War II soldier assigned in the China-Burma-India theatre of the war. Perry killed a white officer while helping construct the Ledo Road. He subsequently retreated into the Indo-Burmese wilderness and joined a tribe of the headhunting Nagas, successfully joining one village and marrying the fourteen-year-old daughter of one of the tribesmen.It also relates some of the history of the CBI theatre as it pertains to Herman Perry's, as well as explores the injustices of the Jim Crow mentality and policies carried out by the military during World War II.
<Joseph_Millson>	Joseph Millson (born 27 April 1974) is an English actor and singer. He trained at the Rose Bruford College of Speech and Drama in Sidcup, London.Millson married singer and actress Caroline Fitzgerald in the summer of 1999. The two had two children, Jessica and Gabriel. In October 2012, it was reported in various media outlets that they had separated.
<Hungary_national_under-21_football_team>	The Hungary national under-21 football team is the national under-21 football team for Hungary and is controlled by the Hungarian Football Federation.Following the realignment of UEFA's youth competitions in 1976, the Hungarian Under-21 team was formed.  The team has a modest record, reaching the last eight of three tournaments, and the semi-finals of one, but failing to qualify for eleven, including the forthcoming 2006 tournament.Since the under-21 competition rules insist that players must be 21 or under at the start of a two-year competition, technically it is an U-23 competition. For this reason, Hungary's excellent record in the preceding U-23 competitions is also shown.
<Lee_Jin-woo_(actor)>	Lee Jin-woo (born January 25, 1969) is a South Korean actor.This article about a Korean actor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Vernon_Tomlin>	Vernon Tomlin is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera Coronation Street, portrayed by Ian Reddington. He appeared from December 2005 until September 2008, when the character was written out of the series. The character was the second husband of Liz McDonald , played by Beverley Callard.A band musician, Vernon began a relationship with Liz McDonald. However, she dumped him after he made a pass at new barmaid Michelle Connor (Kym Marsh). He then became the new potman and cellarman, although he is shamelessly work-shy and often looks for excuses not to work. He proposed to Liz in 2007, unaware that she was enjoying a fling with brewery delivery man Derek, until Derek confessed all on 15 July that same year. Vernon was prepared to leave Weatherfield, but returned after Liz made a Motown compilation tape which she gave to Lloyd Mullaney to play in his taxi en route to the airport.
<Savannah,_Georgia>	Savannah (/səˈvænə/ sə-VAN-ə) is the oldest city in the U.S. state of Georgia and is the county seat of Chatham County. Established in 1733 on the Savannah River, the city of Savannah became the British colonial capital of the Province of Georgia and later the first state capital of Georgia. A strategic port city in the American Revolution and during the American Civil War, Savannah is today an industrial center and an important Atlantic seaport. It is Georgia's fifth-largest city, with a 2020 U.S. Census population of 147,780. The Savannah metropolitan area, Georgia's third-largest, had a 2020 population of 404,798.Each year, Savannah attracts millions of visitors to its cobblestone streets, parks, and notable historic buildings. These buildings include the birthplace of Juliette Gordon Low (founder of the Girl Scouts of the USA), the Georgia Historical Society (the oldest continually operating historical society in the South), the Telfair Academy of Arts and Sciences (one of the South's first public museums), the First African Baptist Church (one of the oldest African-American Baptist congregations in the United States), Temple Mickve Israel (the third-oldest synagogue in the U.S.), and the Central of Georgia Railway roundhouse complex (the oldest standing antebellum rail facility in the U.S. and now a museum and    visitor center).
<Varun_Badola>	Varun Badola (born 7 January 1974) is an Indian actor, known largely for his roles in television.Varun Badola was born on 7 January 1974. His father is a known artist, Vishwa Mohan Badola. He has two elder sisters – Alka, who is married and has appeared in the TV serial Kumkum and Qubool Hai, and Kalindi, who is a radio jockey. His family hails from Garhwal, Uttarakhand.
<Norman_Cook>	Norman Quentin Cook (born Quentin Leo Cook, 31 July 1963), also known by his stage name Fatboy Slim, is an English musician, DJ, and record producer who helped to popularise the big beat genre in the 1990s. In the 1980s, Cook was the bassist for the Hull-based indie rock band the Housemartins, who achieved a UK number-one single with their a cappella cover of "Caravan of Love". After the Housemartins split up, Cook formed the electronic band Beats International in Brighton, who produced the number-one single "Dub Be Good to Me". He then played in Freak Power, Pizzaman, and the Mighty Dub Katz with moderate success.In 1996, Cook adopted the name Fatboy Slim and released Better Living Through Chemistry to critical acclaim. Follow-up albums You've Come a Long Way, Baby, Halfway Between the Gutter and the Stars, and Palookaville, as well as singles such as "The Rockafeller Skank", "Praise You", "Right Here, Right Now", "Weapon of Choice", and "Wonderful Night", achieved commercial and critical success. In 2008, Cook formed the Brighton Port Authority, a collaborative effort with a number of other established artists including David Byrne. He has been responsible for successful remixes for Cornershop, the Beastie Boys, A Tribe Called Quest, Groove Armada, and Wildchild.
<Francesco_Totti>	Francesco Totti Ufficiale OMRI (Italian pronunciation: [franˈtʃesko ˈtɔtti]; born 27 September 1976) is an Italian former professional footballer who played solely for Roma and the Italy national team. He is often referred to as Er Bimbo de Oro (The Golden Boy), L'Ottavo Re di Roma (The Eighth King of Rome), Er Pupone (The Big Baby), and Il Capitano  (The Captain) by the Italian sports media. A creative offensive playmaker who could play as an attacking midfielder and as a forward (second striker, lone striker, or winger), renowned for his vision, technique, and goalscoring ability, Totti is considered to be one of the best players of his generation.Totti spent his entire career at Roma, winning a Serie A title, two Coppa Italia titles, and two Supercoppa Italiana titles. He is the second-highest scorer of all time in Italian league history with 250 goals, and is the sixth-highest scoring Italian in all competitions with 316 goals. Totti is the top goalscorer and the most capped player in Roma's history, holds the record for the most goals scored in Serie A while playing for a single club, and also holds the record for the youngest club captain in the history of Serie A. In November 2014, Totti extended his record as the oldest goalscorer in UEFA Champions League history, aged 38 years and 59 days.
<Tina_Louise>	Tina Louise (née  Blacker; born February 11, 1934) is an American actress widely known for her role as movie star Ginger Grant in the CBS television situation comedy Gilligan's Island. With the death of Dawn Wells in 2020, Louise became the last surviving cast member of the TV series.She began her career on stage in the mid-1950s before landing her breakthrough role in 1958 drama film God's Little Acre for which she received the Golden Globe Award for New Star of the Year.
<Akatsuki_no_Amaneka_to_Aoi_Kyojin>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<United_States_men's_national_under-20_soccer_team>	The United States U-20 men's national soccer team is controlled by the United States Soccer Federation. The highest level of competition in which the team competes is the FIFA U-20 World Cup, which is held every two years.The United States' best finish came in the 1989 FIFA World Youth Championship, when the U.S. beat Iraq in the quarterfinal before losing to Nigeria in overtime in the semifinal and Brazil in the third-place match. Steve Snow tied for second in the tournament with three goals.
<David_DeMille>	David P. DeMille is an American physicist and Professor of Physics at the University of Chicago.  He is best known for his use of polar diatomic molecules to search for symmetry-violating effects within the molecules and as a means for manipulating the external properties of the molecules.His group was the first to accomplish laser cooling of a diatomic molecule, achieved in 2010 using strontium monofluoride (SrF). He is also known for his precise measurements in the ACME EDM Experiment which constrain the upper limit of the electron electric dipole moment using a beam of thorium monoxide, conducted in collaboration with the groups of Gerald Gabrielse and John Doyle at Harvard. DeMille is currently also leading the CeNTREX collaboration, an experiment to measure the nuclear Schiff moment of the thallium nucleus inside a thallium fluoride molecule.He was elected a fellow of the American Physical Society in 2005.
<Arthur_L._Day_Medal>	The Arthur L. Day Medal is a prize awarded by the Geological Society of America, established in 1948 by Arthur Louis Day for "outstanding distinction in contributing to geologic knowledge through the application of physics and chemistry to the solution of geologic problems".Source: Geological Society of America
<Murphy_(novel)>	Murphy, first published in 1938, is an avant-garde novel as well as the third work of prose fiction by the Irish author and dramatist Samuel Beckett. The book was Beckett's second published prose work after the short-story collection More Pricks than Kicks (published in 1934) and his unpublished first novel Dream of Fair to Middling Women (published posthumously in 1992). It was written in English, rather than the French of much of Beckett's later writing. After many rejections, it was published by Routledge on the recommendation of Beckett's painter friend Jack Butler Yeats.The University of Reading bought the six notebooks which made up the manuscript for Murphy in July 2013.
<Tommy_F._Robinson>	Tommy Franklin Robinson (born March 7, 1942) is an American businessman, lobbyist, and politician who served as the U.S. representative for Arkansas's 2nd congressional district from 1985 to 1991. He is a member of the Republican Party. Before he was elected to Congress, Robinson was the sheriff of Pulaski County.Tommy Franklin Robinson was born in Little Rock, Arkansas and graduated from the University of Arkansas at Little Rock. He served in the United States Navy from 1959 to 1963.
<Darwin–Wallace_Medal>	The Darwin–Wallace Medal is a medal awarded by the Linnean Society of London for "major advances in evolutionary biology". Historically, the medals have been awarded every 50 years, beginning in 1908.  That year marked 50 years after the joint presentation by Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace of two scientific papers—On the Tendency of Species to form Varieties; and on the Perpetuation of Varieties and Species by Natural Means of Selection—to the Linnean Society of London on 1 July 1858. Fittingly, Wallace was one of the first recipients of the medal, in his case it was, exceptionally, in gold, rather than the silver version presented in the six other initial awards. However, in 2008 the Linnean Society announced that due to the continuing importance of evolutionary research, the medal will be awarded on an annual basis beginning in 2010.The first award was of a gold medal to Alfred Russel Wallace, and silver medals to six other distinguished scientists:20 silver medals were awarded:
<Ross_County_F.C.>	Ross County Football Club is a professional football club based in Dingwall, Scotland. They play all of their home matches at Victoria Park in Dingwall. The club currently play in the Scottish Premiership, being promoted after winning the Scottish Championship in the 2018–19 season. Prior to the 1994–95 season they played in the Highland Football League, a competition they won three times. They have also won the Scottish First Division, Scottish Championship, Second Division, Third Division (once each) and the Challenge Cup on three occasions. In 2010, they reached the Scottish Cup Final, and in 2016 they won the Scottish League Cup. Nicknamed The Staggies, County's colours are dark blue, red and white.The club was formed in 1929 in what was then Ross and Cromarty after the previous local club from the North of Scotland Junior League Dingwall Victoria United (the 'Dingwall Vics') successfully applied for Highland Football League membership. The club was subsequently renamed Ross County. Playing in the Highland League from 1929, they won the championship on three occasions, first in 1967, then in 1991 and 1992. They also gained a reputation for their good performances in the early rounds of the Scottish Cup, upsetting league teams on eight occasions. The most notable of these upsets came on 8 January 1994, when they won 4–0 at Forfar Athletic, and were elected to the Scottish Football League three days later.
<Derek_Jarman>	Michael Derek Elworthy Jarman (31 January 1942 – 19 February 1994) was an English artist, film maker, costume designer, stage designer, writer, gardener and gay rights activist.Jarman was born at the Royal Victoria Nursing Home in Northwood, Middlesex, England, the son of Elizabeth Evelyn (née Puttock) and Lancelot Elworthy Jarman. His father was a Royal Air Force officer, born in New Zealand.
<Massachusetts>	Massachusettsan (recommended by the U.S. GPO)Massachusetts (Massachusett: Muhsachuweesut [məhswatʃəwiːsət], English: /ˌmæsəˈtʃuːsɪts/ (listen), /-zɪts/), officially the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, is the most populous state in the New England region of the Northeastern United States. It borders on the Atlantic Ocean and Gulf of Maine to the east, Connecticut and Rhode Island to the south, New Hampshire and Vermont to the north, and New York to the west. The state's capital and most populous city, as well as its cultural and financial center, is Boston. Massachusetts is also home to the urban core of Greater Boston, the largest metropolitan area in New England and a region profoundly influential upon American history, academia, and the research economy, Originally dependent on agriculture, fishing, and trade. Massachusetts was transformed into a manufacturing center during the Industrial Revolution. During the 20th century, Massachusetts's economy shifted from manufacturing to services. Modern Massachusetts is a global leader in biotechnology, engineering, higher education, finance, and maritime trade.
<Brighton_&_Hove_Albion_F.C.>	Brighton & Hove Albion Football Club (/ˈbraɪtən ... ˈhoʊv/), commonly referred to simply as Brighton, is an English professional football club based in the city of Brighton and Hove. They compete in the Premier League, the top tier of the English football league system. The club's home ground is the 31,800-capacity Falmer Stadium, situated in Falmer to the north east of the city.Founded in 1901, and nicknamed the "Seagulls" or "Albion", Brighton played their early professional football in the Southern League, before being elected to the Football League in 1920. Prior to the current, continuing stint in the Premier League, the club enjoyed greatest prominence between 1979 and 1983 when they played in the First Division and reached the 1983 FA Cup Final, losing to Manchester United after a replay. They were relegated from the First Division in the same season.
<Seni_Gayung_Fatani>	Seni Gayung Fatani is a martial art, specifically a style of silat from Malaysia based on the art of war, the combination punch and kick striking, joint-locking and grappling techniques, and various type of melee weapon. In Malay, the word seni means art and gayung is a word for martial arts, synonymous with silat. Fatani means wise in Arabic and was chosen in 1976 by the councils of Guru Tua (Senior Masters). The first grandmaster of the silat is Tuan Guru Hj Anuar Abd. Wahab (1976–2009). Tuan Guru Aminuddin Haji Anuar is the current grandmaster of Seni Gayung Fatani Malaysia (from 2013).Seni Gayung Fatani originated from the Malaysian Empire. In 1840, it was brought to Kedah by Syeikh Abdul Rahman. The style was expanded upon by his son Tok Yah Ramli. Another of Abdul Rahman's students was Pak Teh Mat Ali who taught this style to Pak Andak Embong, who in turn passed it down to Tuan Guru Anuar Abdul Wahab. When it was registered in 1976 as an association under the government's Club Act, it was formally renamed the Seni Gayung Fatani Association.
<Bernard_Vonnegut>	Bernard Vonnegut (August 29, 1914 – April 25, 1997) was an American atmospheric scientist credited with discovering that silver iodide could be used effectively in cloud seeding to produce snow and rain. He was the older brother of American novelist Kurt Vonnegut.Vonnegut was born in Indianapolis, Indiana to architect Kurt Vonnegut Sr (November 24, 1884 – October 1, 1957), a partner in the firm of Vonnegut, Wright & Yeager, and homemaker Edith Sophia Lieber (d. May 14, 1944). He was named after his grandfather, architect Bernard Vonnegut Sr, co-founder of the firm of Vonnegut & Bohn. He attended Park School in Indianapolis and earned a B.S. in chemistry (1936) and Ph.D. in physical chemistry (1939) from Massachusetts Institute of Technology.In 1945, Vonnegut started work at the General Electric Research Laboratory in Schenectady, New York.  It was there, on November 14, 1946, that he discovered that silver iodide could be used as a nucleating agent to seed clouds.  Seeding clouds involves inserting large quantities of a nucleating agent into clouds to facilitate the formation of ice crystals.  The intent of this process is to cause the clouds to produce rain or snow.  Rain- and snow-making companies still use silver iodide as a nucleating agent in seeding clouds.
<Paul_Buckle>	Paul John Buckle (born 16 December 1970) is an English football manager. He is currently a technical advisor at Hartford Athletic of the USL and technical advisor to Landon Donovan at San Diego Loyal. Prior to this, he coached the U23s for Southampton FC of the Premier League. He has previously been the manager of Torquay United, Bristol Rovers, Luton Town, Cheltenham Town and Sacramento Republic.An apprentice at Brentford, Buckle turned professional in 1989, was loaned to Wycombe Wanderers in 1993 then joined Torquay United in February 1994, before moving to Exeter City in October 1995. Due to Exeter's financial problems, Buckle left and joined Northampton Town, but failed to make their first team. In October 1996 Buckle returned to Wycombe on non-contract terms, then moved to Colchester United in late November. He returned to Exeter on a free transfer in July 1999, signing a two-year contract. Buckle sustained a serious ankle injury in the opening game of the new season, though he made a full recovery and regained a first team place. He then moved into non-League football with Aldershot Town (2002–03) and Weymouth (2003–04), before returning to Exeter as player-coach in March 2005, first under manager Alex Inglethorpe then his successor Paul Tisdale. He continued to play and later became the club's assistant manager.
<Grêmio_Foot-Ball_Porto_Alegrense>	Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈɡɾemju futʃiˈbɔw ˌpoɾtw ɐleˈɡɾẽsi]), commonly known as Grêmio, is a Brazilian professional football club based in Porto Alegre, capital city of the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul. The club plays in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, the first division of the Brazilian football league system, and the Campeonato Gaúcho, Rio Grande do Sul's top state league. The club was founded in 1903 by European immigrants Englishman Andy Fairbank and German Paul Cochlin. The club's home ground is the Arena do Grêmio, to which it moved in 2013, having previously played at Estádio Olímpico Monumental since 1954.Grêmio also became Champions of the Intercontinental Cup, after beating Hamburger SV in 1983 (2–1). Also, Grêmio is the Brazilian club that has won the most Copa CONMEBOL Libertadores de América (3) titles alongside São Paulo, Santos, Palmeiras, and Flamengo.
<Johns_Hopkins_University>	Johns Hopkins University (Johns Hopkins, Hopkins, or JHU) is a private research university in Baltimore, Maryland. Founded in 1876, Johns Hopkins is the oldest research university in the United States and in the western hemisphere. It consistently ranks among the most prestigious universities in the United States and the world.The university was named for its first benefactor, the American entrepreneur and Quaker philanthropist Johns Hopkins. Hopkins' $7 million bequest to establish the university was the largest philanthropic gift in U.S. history up to that time. Daniel Coit Gilman, who was inaugurated as Johns Hopkins's first president on February 22, 1876, led the university to revolutionize higher education in the U.S. by integrating teaching and research. In 1900, Johns Hopkins became a founding member of the American Association of Universities. The university has led all U.S. universities in annual research expenditures over the past three decades.
<Jacques_Benedict>	Jules Jacques Benois Benedict (April 22, 1879 – January 16, 1948) was one of the most prominent architects in Colorado history, whose works include a number of well-known landmarks and buildings listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Commonly known as Jacques Benedict, he was born in Chicago in 1879, and he studied architecture at the École des Beaux-Arts. He came to Denver in 1909, and became renowned for his many prominent works including homes, churches, academic and public buildings, spanning a range of architectural styles and with a particular gift for melding with natural landscapes.  Benedict married June Louise Brown in Denver on February 20, 1912, and was hired to be the architect of the Denver archdiocese of the Catholic Church, becoming a respected authority on sacred architecture.  The architect has been described by his biographer Doris Hulse, as "talented, cultured, eccentric, flamboyant, practical, difficult, opinionated, generous, temperamental, considerate, gentleman farmer, man-about-town", and a number of his works are widely known today.[citation needed]Benedict died in January 1948 in a Denver hospital.
<Gaetano_Monachello>	 Gaetano Monachello (Italian pronunciation: [ɡa.eˈtaːno monaˈkɛllo]; born 3 March 1994) is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker for Mantova.Monachello was called up for the squad in Allievi Nazionali U-17 team and also participated in The 2011 Granatkin Memorial in Moscow which took place from 3 to 9 January 2011
<Wolf_Prize_in_Mathematics>	The Wolf Prize in Mathematics is awarded almost annually by the Wolf Foundation in Israel. It is one of the six Wolf Prizes established by the Foundation and awarded since 1978; the others are in Agriculture, Chemistry, Medicine, Physics and Arts. According to a reputation survey conducted in 2013 and 2014, the Wolf Prize in Mathematics is the third most prestigious international academic award in mathematics, after the Abel Prize and the Fields Medal. Until the establishment of the Abel Prize, it was probably the closest equivalent of a "Nobel Prize in Mathematics", since the Fields Medal is awarded every four years only to mathematicians under the age of 40.Below is a chart of all laureates per country (updated to 2022 laureates). Some laureates are counted more than once if have multiple citizenship.
<Phanishwar_Nath_'Renu'>	Phanishwar Nath Mandal 'Renu' (4 March 1921 – 11 April 1977) was one of the most successful and influential writers of modern Hindi literature in the post-Premchand era. He is the author of Maila Anchal, which after Premchand's Godaan, is regarded as the most significant Hindi novel. Phanishwar Nath (Mandal) Renu was born on 4 March 1921 in a small village Aurahi Hingna near Simraha railway station in Bihar. The mandal community of Bihar to which Renu belonged constitutes an under-privileged social group in India. Renu's family, however, enjoyed the benefits of land, education, and social prestige. Renu's father, Shilanath Mandal, had been active in the Indian National Movement and was an extremely enlightened individual, taking a keen interest in modern ideas, culture and art.Phanishwar Nath Renu is best known for promoting the voice of the contemporary rural India through the genre of Aanchalik Upanyas ('regional story'), and is placed amongst the pioneering Hindi writers who brought regional voices into the mainstream Hindi literature. Renu was very close associate of Bengali novelist Satinath Bhaduri. He wrote a memoirs named Bhaduriji (Mr. Bhaduri) in Bengali.
<Jeremy_Lloyd>	John Jeremy Lloyd, OBE (22 July 1930 – 23 December 2014) was an English writer, screenwriter, author, poet and actor.  He was the co-writer of several successful British sitcoms, including Are You Being Served? and 'Allo 'Allo!.John Jeremy Lloyd was born in Danbury, Essex to a mother who had been a dancer, and a petroleum engineer father who served as an officer in the Royal Engineers at the beginning of World War II. As a child he was sent to live with his grandmother in Manchester and rarely saw his parents, who he claimed had seen him as a failure. His father withdrew him from a private preparatory school in 1943.
<Miriam_Margolyes>	Miriam Margolyes OBE (/ˈmɑːrɡəliːz/ MAR-gə-leez; born 18 May 1941) is a British-Australian actress, writer, political activist and television personality. She's gained prominence as a character actor on stage and screen. She received a BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role for her role in Martin Scorsese's The Age of Innocence (1993) and portrayed Professor Sprout in the Harry Potter film series (2002–2011). She's also known for the BBC series Call the Midwife (2018-2021). Margolyes was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2002 New Year Honours for Services to Drama.After starting her career in theatre, she made her film acting debut in the British comedy A Nice Girl Like Me (1969). She has since appeared in Reds (1981), Yentl (1982), Little Shop of Horrors (1986), Little Dorrit (1988), Romeo + Juliet (1996), and Being Julia (2004). She's also known for her voice roles in Babe (1995), James and the Giant Peach (1996), Mulan (1998), Happy Feet (2006), Flushed Away (2006), and Early Man (2018).
<Veria_F.C.>	Veria Football Club (Greek: ΠΑΕ Βέροια) was a football club based in Veria, Imathia, Greece. Veria FC was founded in September 1960 when two local teams (Hermes and Vermion) merged.In 1960 two local teams of Imathia, Hermes and Vermion, merged when their founders decided that this was the way to create a more competitive club and unite the local fans. Veria's first appearance in professional football championships came in 1962–63, when it finished sixth in the fourth group of Beta Ethniki. Four years later, the club had a breakthrough, finishing first in the third group of Beta Ethniki and then second in the play-offs to gain its first promotion to Alpha Ethniki. Because of this accomplishment, Veria was nicknamed "Queen of the North".
<Bandung>	Bandung (Sundanese: ᮘᮔ᮪ᮓᮥᮀ, romanized: Bandung, Sundanese pronunciation: [ˈbandʊŋ]; /ˈbɑːndʊŋ/) is the capital city of the Indonesian province of West Java. It has a population of 2,452,943 within its city limits according to the official estimates as at mid 2021, making it the fourth most populous city in Indonesia. Greater Bandung (Bandung Basin Metropolitan Area/BBMA) is the country's third-largest metropolitan area, with nearly nine million inhabitants. Located 768 metres (2,520 feet) above sea level, the highest point in the North area with an altitude of 1,050 meters and the lowest in the South is 675 meters above sea level, approximately 140 kilometres (87 miles) southeast of Jakarta, Bandung has cooler year-round temperatures than most other Indonesian cities. The city lies on a river basin surrounded by volcanic mountains that provides a natural defence system, which was the primary reason for the Dutch East Indies government's plan to move the capital from Batavia (modern-day Jakarta) to Bandung.The Dutch first established tea plantations around the mountains in the 18th century, and a road was constructed to connect the plantation area to the colonial capital Batavia (180 kilometres (112 miles) to the northwest). In the early 20th century, the Dutch inhabitants of Bandung demanded the establishment of a municipality (gemeente), which was granted in 1906, and Bandung gradually developed into a resort city for plantation owners. Luxurious hotels, restaurants, cafés, and European boutiques were opened, leading the city to be nicknamed Parijs van Java (Dutch: "The Paris of Java").
<Kyoto>	Kyoto (/ˈkjoʊtoʊ/; Japanese: 京都, Kyōto [kʲoꜜːto] (listen)), officially Kyoto City (京都市, Kyōto-shi, [kʲoːtoꜜɕi] (listen)), is the capital city of Kyoto Prefecture in Japan. Located in the Kansai region on the island of Honshu, Kyoto forms a part of the Keihanshin metropolitan area along with Osaka and Kobe. As of 2020[update], the city had a population of 1.46 million. The city is the cultural anchor of a substantially larger metropolitan area known as Greater Kyoto, a metropolitan statistical area (MSA) home to a census-estimated 3.8 million people.Kyoto is one of the oldest municipalities in Japan, having been chosen in 794 as the new seat of Japan's imperial court by Emperor Kanmu. The original city, named Heian-kyō, was arranged in accordance with traditional Chinese feng shui following the model of the ancient Chinese capital of Chang'an/Luoyang. The emperors of Japan ruled from Kyoto in the following eleven centuries until 1869. It was the scene of several key events of the Muromachi period, Sengoku period, and the Boshin War, such as the Ōnin War, the Honnō-ji Incident, the Kinmon incident and the Battle of Toba–Fushimi. The capital was relocated from Kyoto to Tokyo after the Meiji Restoration. The modern municipality of Kyoto was established in 1889. The city was spared from large-scale destruction during World War II and as a result, its prewar cultural heritage has mostly been preserved.Kyoto is considered the cultural capital of Japan and is a major tourist destination. It is home to numerous Buddhist temples, Shinto shrines, palaces and gardens, some of which have been designated collectively as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. Prominent landmarks include the Kyoto Imperial Palace, Kiyomizu-dera, Kinkaku-ji, Ginkaku-ji, and Kyoto Tower. The internationally renowned video game company Nintendo is based in Kyoto. Kyoto is also a center of higher learning in the country, and its institutions include Kyoto University, the second oldest university in Japan.
<Les_petits_Baigneurs>	The Les petits baigneurs is a monument in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Designed by Alfred Laliberté, it was unveiled in 1916 at the entrance to the Maisonneuve public baths in Montreal. The monument was later restored in 1992. It is on Morgan Avenue, close to the La Fermière monument.This article about a sculpture in Canada is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Putt-Putt_Enters_the_Race>	Steam: May 29, 2014 iOS/Android: June 27, 2014Putt-Putt Enters the Race is an educational adventure game developed and published by Humongous Entertainment on January 14, 1999. The game is the fifth entry in the Putt-Putt series. This is the first of three games to feature Nancy Cartwright as the voice of Putt-Putt.
<Hong_Kong_Progressive_Alliance>	The Hong Kong Progressive Alliance (HKPA) was a pro-Beijing, pro-business political party in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China. It was established in 1994 and was merged into the Democratic Alliance for the Betterment of Hong Kong (DAB) in 2005. The DAB then renamed as the Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong.The party was composed of mainly businessmen and professionals. The party was considered a pro-business conservative and pro-Beijing one. It assured another voting block in support of Beijing's interest. The basic platform of the party was to defend "One country-two systems" and the Basic Law, the mini-constitution of Hong Kong. It advocated handling political and social issues in a moderate, pragmatic and harmonious manner, and the 'progressive' development of democracy, emphasising 'stability, prosperity and progress'.
<African_Genesis>	African Genesis: A Personal Investigation into the Animal Origins and Nature of Man, usually referred to as African Genesis, is a 1961 nonfiction work by the American writer Robert Ardrey. It posited the hypothesis that man evolved on the African continent from carnivorous, predatory ancestors who distinguished themselves from apes by the use of weapons. The work bears on questions of human origins, human nature, and human uniqueness. It has been widely read and continues to inspire significant controversy.African Genesis is the first in Robert Ardrey's Nature of Man Series. It is followed by The Territorial Imperative (1966), The Social Contract (1970), and The Hunting Hypothesis (1976). It was illustrated by Ardrey's wife, the South African actress and illustrator Berdine Ardrey (née Grunewald).Robert Ardrey, at the time a working playwright and screenwriter, travelled in 1955 to Africa, partly at the behest of Richard Foster Flint, to investigate claims made by Raymond Dart about a specimen of Australopithecus africanus.
<Gita_Mehta>	Gita Mehta (née Patnaik; born 1943) is an Indian writer and documentary filmmaker.Born in Delhi into a well-known Odia family, she is the daughter of Biju Patnaik, an Indian independence activist and a Chief Minister in post-independence Odisha, then known as Orissa.  Her younger brother, Naveen Patnaik, has served as the Chief Minister of Odisha since 2000. She completed her education in India and at the University of Cambridge, United Kingdom. She was adjudged for India's fourth highest civilian award the Padma Shri in 2019, which she declined for political reasons.
<Gerald_D._Aurbach>	Gerald D. Aurbach (March 24, 1927 – November 4, 1991) was an American medical scientist noted for his studies of parathyroid diseases, bone metabolism and calcium homeostasis.Aurbach was the first researcher to produce a hormone produced by parathyroid glands.Aurbach began studying PTH as a medical student in the lab of Dr. William Parson. He continued this research as a fellow as Tufts University School of Medicine in the lab of Ted Astwood. Here, he was the first to isolate PTH using phenol extraction, and in 1959 he published a landmark paper on this discovery. In 1959, he joined the lab of William Jakoby at the National Institutes of Health, and two years later he established his own lab in the Metabolic Diseases Branch. He became chief of the branch in 1973, and remained at the institute for the remained of his career.He determined that parathyroid hormone acts through cyclic AMP, and demonstrated that pseudohypoparathyroidism is a disorder of the parathyroid hormone receptor complex. He also characterized several hereditary diseases related to hyperparathyroidism.
<Charles_Bulfinch>	Charles Bulfinch (August 8, 1763 – April 15, 1844) was an early American architect, and has been regarded by many as the first American-born professional architect to practice.Bulfinch split his career between his native Boston, Massachusetts, and Washington, D.C., where he served as Commissioner of Public Building and built the intermediate United States Capitol rotunda and dome. His works are notable for their simplicity, balance, and good taste, and as the origin of a distinctive Federal style of classical domes, columns, and ornament that dominated early 19th-century American architecture.Bulfinch was born in Boston to Thomas Bulfinch, a prominent physician, and his wife, Susan Apthorp, daughter of Charles Apthorp. At the age of 12, he watched the Battle of Bunker Hill from this home on the Boston side of the Charles River.
<Ferenc_Molnár>	Ferenc Molnár (US: /ˌfɛrɛnts ˈmoʊlnɑːr, -rənts -, - ˈmɔːl-/ FERR-ents MOHL-nar, -⁠ənts -⁠, -⁠ MAWL-, Hungarian: [ˈfɛrɛnt͡s ˈmolnaːr]; born Ferenc Neumann; 12 January 1878 – 1 April 1952), often anglicized as Franz Molnar, was a Hungarian-born author, stage-director, dramatist, and poet, widely regarded as Hungary’s most celebrated and controversial playwright. His primary aim through his writing was to entertain by transforming his personal experiences into literary works of art. He was never connected to any one literary movement but he did utilize the precepts of naturalism, Neo-Romanticism, Expressionism, and the Freudian psychoanalytical concepts, but only as long as they suited his desires. “By fusing the realistic narrative and stage tradition of Hungary with Western influences into a cosmopolitan amalgam, Molnár emerged as a versatile artist whose style was uniquely his own.”As a novelist, Molnár may best be remembered for The Paul Street Boys, the story of two rival gangs of youths in Budapest. It has been translated into fourteen languages and adapted for the stage and film. It has been considered a masterpiece by many. It was, however, as a playwright that he made his greatest contribution and how he is best known internationally. "In his graceful, whimsical, sophisticated drawing-room comedies, he provided a felicitous synthesis of naturalism and fantasy, realism and romanticism, cynicism and sentimentality, the profane and the sublime." Out of his many plays, The Devil, Liliom, The Swan, The Guardsman and The Play's the Thing endure as classics. He was influenced by the likes of Oscar Wilde, George Bernard Shaw, and Gerhart Hauptmann. He immigrated to the United States to escape persecution of Hungarian Jews during World War II and later adopted American citizenship. Molnár’s plays continue to be relevant and are performed all over the world. His national and international fame has inspired many Hungarian playwrights including Elemér Boross, László Fodor, Lajos Bíró, László Bús-Fekete [de], Ernő Vajda, Attila Orbók, and Imre Földes, among others.Ferenc Molnár was born in Budapest on January 12, 1878 to Dr. Mór Neumann, a prosperous and popular gastroenterologist, and Jozefa Wallfisch, both of German-Jewish heritage. The home in which he lived was opulent but gloomy. Even though he was born into wealth, "It was not a friendly atmosphere for the lively and precocious Ferenc, who constantly had to be warned to keep quiet." Just a year before his birth, his parents' first born son and Molnár's brother, László, died. His mother was frail and frequently bedridden. Illness spread throughout the rooms of his house, and young Ferenc constantly was being told to keep quiet. 
<Fabrizio_Santino>	Fabrizio Santino (born 12 December 1982) is a British actor, known for portraying the role of Ziggy Roscoe in the Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks between 2013 and 2015.
<Inglewood,_California>	Inglewood is a city in southwestern Los Angeles County, California, in the Los Angeles metropolitan area. As of the 2020 U.S. Census, the city had a population of 107,762. It was incorporated on February 14, 1908. The city is in the South Bay region of Los Angeles County, near Los Angeles International Airport.The earliest residents of what is now Inglewood were Native Americans who used the Aguaje de Centinela natural springs in today's Edward Vincent Jr. Park (known for most of its history as Centinela Park). Local historian Gladys Waddingham wrote that these springs took the name Centinela from the hills that rose gradually around them, and which allowed ranchers to watch over their herds," (thus the name centinelas or sentinels).
<Portugal>	– in Europe (green & dark grey)– in the European Union (green)Portugal, officially the Portuguese Republic (Portuguese: República Portuguesa [ʁɛˈpuβlikɐ puɾtuˈɣezɐ]), is a country whose mainland is located on the Iberian Peninsula of Southwestern Europe, and whose territory also includes the Atlantic archipelagos of the Azores and Madeira. It features the westernmost point in continental Europe, and its Iberian portion is bordered to the west and south by the Atlantic Ocean and to the north and east by Spain, the sole country to have a land border with Portugal. Its two archipelagos form two autonomous regions with their own regional governments. Lisbon is the capital and largest city by population.
<C._D._Payne>	C. D. Payne (born C. Douglas Payne; July 5, 1949) is an American writer of absurdist fiction who is best known for his series of novels about fictional teenager Nick Twisp. They are called the "Youth in Revolt" series or "The Journals of Nick Twisp."In the novels the protagonist, Nick, strives to balance out his budding sexual urges while remaining an intellectual teenager in a world of moronic adults.
<Charles_Lyell>	Sir Charles Lyell, 1st Baronet, FRS (14 November 1797 – 22 February 1875) was a Scottish geologist who demonstrated the power of known natural causes in explaining the earth's history. He is best known as the author of Principles of Geology (1830–33), which presented to a wide public audience the idea that the earth was shaped by the same natural processes still in operation today, operating at similar intensities. The philosopher William Whewell termed this gradualistic view "uniformitarianism" and contrasted it with catastrophism, which had been championed by Georges Cuvier and was better accepted in Europe. The combination of evidence and eloquence in Principles convinced a wide range of readers of the significance of "deep time" for understanding the earth and environment.Lyell's scientific contributions included a pioneering explanation of climate change, in which shifting boundaries between oceans and continents could be used to explain long-term variations in temperature and rainfall. Lyell also gave influential explanations of earthquakes and developed the theory of gradual "backed up-building" of volcanoes. In stratigraphy his division of the Tertiary period into the Pliocene, Miocene, and Eocene was highly influential. He incorrectly conjectured that icebergs may be the impetus behind the transport of glacial erratics, and that silty loess deposits might have settled out of flood waters. His creation of a separate period for human history, entitled the 'Recent', is widely cited as providing the foundations for the modern discussion of the Anthropocene.
<Welfare_Party>	The Welfare Party (Turkish: Refah Partisi, RP) was an Islamist political party in Turkey. It was founded by Ali Türkmen, Ahmet Tekdal, and Necmettin Erbakan in Ankara in 1983 as heir to two earlier parties, National Order Party (MNP) and National Salvation Party (MSP), which were banned from politics. The RP participated in mayoral elections at that time and won in three cities Konya, Şanlıurfa, and Van. Their vote percentage was approximately 5%.The Welfare Party participated in the 1991 elections in a triple alliance with the Nationalist Movement Party (MHP) and the Reformist Democracy Party (IDP). They gained 16.9% of the vote. They won 62 deputies to parliament, but 19 deputies of MHP (with founding Democratic Movement Party on 25 December 1991 and joining the MÇP on 29 December 1991) and 3 of IDP left the Welfare Party after the election. Their popular vote increased over the years until they became the largest party under Prime Minister Necmettin Erbakan in 1996. The coalition government of Erbakan was forced out of power by the Turkish military in 1997, due to being suspected of having an Islamist agenda.
<Bagan>	Bagan (Burmese: ပုဂံ; MLCTS: pu.gam, IPA: [bəɡàɰ̃]; formerly Pagan)  is an ancient city and a UNESCO World Heritage Site in the Mandalay Region of Myanmar. From the 9th to 13th centuries, the city was the capital of the Bagan Kingdom, the first kingdom that unified the regions that would later constitute Myanmar. During the kingdom's height between the 11th and 13th centuries, more than 10,000 Buddhist temples, pagodas and monasteries were constructed in the Bagan plains alone, of which the remains of over 2200 temples and pagodas survive.The Bagan Archaeological Zone is a main attraction for the country's nascent tourism industry.Bagan is the present-day standard Burmese pronunciation of the Burmese word Pugan (ပုဂံ), derived from Old Burmese Pukam (ပုကမ်). Its classical Pali name is Arimaddanapura (အရိမဒ္ဒနာပူရ, lit. "the City that Tramples on Enemies"). Its other names in Pali are in reference to its extreme dry zone climate: Tattadesa (တတ္တဒေသ, "parched land"), and Tampadīpa (တမ္ပဒီပ, "bronzed country"). The Burmese chronicles also report other classical names of Thiri Pyissaya (သီရိပစ္စယာ; Pali: Siripaccaya) and Tampawaddy (တမ္ပဝတီ; Pali: Tampavatī).
<MTV_Indonesia>	MTV Indonesia was an Indonesian free-to-air television network, part of MTV. The network was launched on 5 May 1995, It was the fifth MTV version launched in the world, and first to broadcast via free-to-air television. MTV Indonesia later became part of programming block on ANteve, before moving to the newly-inaugurated network Global TV in 7 March 2002, it was closed for the second time on 1 November 2015.MTV Indonesia aired MTV shows such as TRL, Fanatic, Diary; Europe, Asia such as Most Wanted, Fresh, Alternative Nation, Asia Hitlist, Land, Rock, Absolute, Fresh, Connect, Wow, Non Stop Hits, 100% Indonesia, Ampuh and Screen.
<Christopher_Hemmeter>	Christopher Hemmeter (October 8, 1939 – November 27, 2003) was an American real estate developer who pioneered the concept of destination resorts in Hawaii and was involved in gambling development of casinos, primarily in New Orleans and Colorado.Christopher Hemmeter was born in 1939 in Washington, D.C. and grew up in Los Altos in the San Francisco Bay area. After attending Cornell University and graduating first in his class in 1962 he moved to Hawaii and got a job as a management trainee at the Sheraton Royal Hawaiian.Hemmeter's development career began in the 1960s when he partnered with Henry Shigekane and Diane Plotts to develop resorts in Hawaii. Projects he was involved with included developing the Westin Kauai, Hyatt Regency Waikiki, Hyatt Waikoloa and the Westin Maui. Hemmeter's signature "...is best known for the extreme - some would say outrageous - lavishness of the Hawaii hotels he built in the 1980's." When the Westin Kauai opened in September, 1987, suites cost up to $1,800 and rooms ran double the island's average at $180 per night. The hotel was set in 560 acres (2.3 km2) and boasted two golf courses and a 2-acre (8,100 m2) reflecting pool, adding to the reported $775 million development cost.
<Kim_Chestney>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Jabberwocky_(film)>	Jabberwocky is a 1977 British fantasy comedy film co-written and directed by Terry Gilliam. Jabberwocky stars Michael Palin as Dennis, a cooper's apprentice, who is forced through clumsy, often slapstick misfortunes to hunt a terrible dragon after the death of his father. The film's title is taken from the nonsense poem "Jabberwocky" from Lewis Carroll's Through the Looking-Glass (1871).The film is Gilliam's solo directorial debut, after he co-directed Monty Python and the Holy Grail with Terry Jones in 1975. The film received a mixed response from critics and audiences.
<In_the_Turn>	In the Turn is a 2014 documentary film directed by Erica Tremblay. It was produced by Tremblay, Bernard Parham, and Bodie Scott-Orman.The film won Best New Mavericks Feature at the Atlanta Film Festival and awards at several LGBT film festivals. It was also shown at about fifty different film festivals including Inside Out Toronto LGBT Film Festival, Seattle Lesbian & Gay Film Festival, and the Ottawa International Film Festival.Through original documentary filming, interviews, online vlog footage, news footage, and archival audio, In the Turn documents the story of Crystal, a transgender girl living in Timmins, Ontario. After discovering Vagine Regime, a roller derby association, with her mother, she expressed interest in the sport. Her mother wrote a message to the organization which raised money to sponsor Crystal as she traveled to the United States to enroll in short roller derby camp. The documentary also recounts the stories of several members of Vagine Regime and the general roller derby community. The film features interviews with transgender members of roller derby teams, fans and a referee, who describe how the community has helped them cope with their transitions.
<Shigeru_Miyamoto>	Shigeru Miyamoto (Japanese: 宮本 茂, Hepburn: Miyamoto Shigeru, born November 16, 1952) is a Japanese video game designer, producer and game director at Nintendo, where he serves as one of its representative directors. Widely regarded as one of the most accomplished and influential designers in the history of video games, he is the creator of some of the most acclaimed and best-selling game franchises of all time, including Mario, The Legend of Zelda, Donkey Kong, Star Fox and Pikmin.Born in Sonobe, Japan, Miyamoto graduated from Kanazawa Municipal College of Industrial Arts. He originally sought a career as a manga artist, until developing an interest in video games. With the help of his father, he joined Nintendo in 1977 after impressing then-president Hiroshi Yamauchi with his toys. He helped create art for the arcade game Sheriff, and was later tasked with designing a new arcade game, leading to the 1981 game Donkey Kong.
<Pittsburgh>	Pittsburgh (/ˈpɪtsbɜːrɡ/ PITS-burg) is a city in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, United States, and the county seat of Allegheny County. It is the most populous city in both Allegheny County and Western Pennsylvania, the second-most populous city in Pennsylvania behind Philadelphia, and the 68th-largest city in the U.S. with a population of 302,971 as of the 2020 census. The city anchors the Pittsburgh metropolitan area of Western Pennsylvania; its population of 2.37 million is the largest in both the Ohio Valley and Appalachia, the second-largest in Pennsylvania, and the 27th-largest in the U.S. It is the principal city of the greater Pittsburgh–New Castle–Weirton combined statistical area that extends into Ohio and West Virginia.Pittsburgh is located in southwest Pennsylvania at the confluence of the Allegheny River and the Monongahela River, which combine to form the Ohio River. Pittsburgh is known both as "the Steel City" for its more than 300 steel-related businesses and as the "City of Bridges" for its 446 bridges. The city features 30 skyscrapers, two inclined railways, a pre-revolutionary fortification and the Point State Park at the confluence of the rivers. The city developed as a vital link of the Atlantic coast and Midwest, as the mineral-rich Allegheny Mountains led to the region being contested by the French and British empires, Virginians, Whiskey Rebels, and Civil War raiders.
<CNN_Center>	The CNN Center in Atlanta, Georgia, is the world headquarters of the Cable News Network (CNN). The main newsrooms and studios for several of CNN's news channels are located in the building.  The facility's commercial office space is occupied by various units of the former Turner Broadcasting System, now part of Warner Bros. Discovery. The CNN Center is located in downtown Atlanta adjacent to Centennial Olympic Park. The One CNN Center office building was acquired by CP Group, formerly Crocker Partners, and Rialto Capital Management in 2021.The building now occupied by the CNN Center opened in 1976 as the Omni Complex, a development by Cousins Properties. The Omni Coliseum, an NBA and NHL arena directly connected to the Omni Complex, had opened three years earlier, on October 14, 1972. The Omni Complex office building was largely vacant until CNN moved its headquarters there in 1987 from its Midtown Atlanta site (old home of the Progressive Club on 1050 Techwood Drive and home to Turner Broadcasting System).
<Josh_Mancell>	Josh Mancell (born November 13, 1969) is an American composer and multi-instrumentalist who writes music for film, television, and video games. He is best known for his work on the Crash Bandicoot and Jak and Daxter series of video games.Mancell has received two Daytime Emmy Award nominations for his work on the children's television series, Clifford the Big Red Dog.
<Alex_De_Rakoff>	Alex De Rakoff (born 13 November 1970) is a British writer, producer, and director.In April 2005, he married American actress Monet Mazur. Together, they have two children. As of July 2018, the couple have filed for divorce.The Calcium Kid is a British comedy film which was released in 2004. The film is presented in the style of a fictional documentary or a "mockumentary". It stars Orlando Bloom as a milkman and amateur boxer. Billie Piper and Michael Peña are also featured. It is produced by Working Title Films.
<Dodge_Viper>	The Dodge Viper is a sports car that was manufactured by Dodge (by SRT for 2013 and 2014), a division of American car manufacturer FCA US LLC from 1992 until 2017, having taken a brief hiatus in 2007 and from 2010 to 2012. Production of the two-seat super car began at New Mack Assembly Plant in 1991 and moved to Conner Avenue Assembly Plant in October 1995.Although Chrysler considered ending production because of serious financial problems, on September 14, 2010, the then chief executive Sergio Marchionne announced and previewed a new model of the Viper for 2012. In 2014, the Viper was named number 10 on the "Most American Cars" list, meaning 75% or more of its parts are manufactured in the U.S. The Viper was eventually discontinued in 2017 after being in production for 26 years.
<CJ_E&M>	CJ E&M (Hangul: 씨제이이앤엠, an initialism for CJ Entertainment & Media) is a South Korean entertainment and mass media company created by CJ Group in 2011. As of July 2018, CJ E&M is a division of CJ ENM.CJ E&M was established as O Media Holdings in 2010.[citation needed]In 2011, the company renamed to CJ E&M (short for CJ Entertainment & Media) following the merger of seven CJ Group company : CJ Media, On-Media, Mnet Media, CJ Entertainment, CJ Games, CJ Internet, and the media division of CJ O Shopping.
<Soon-Yi_Previn>	Soon-Yi Previn (/ˈprɛvɪn/; née Oh Soon-hee, Korean: 오순희; born c. October 8, 1970) is the wife of filmmaker Woody Allen. They have adopted two children together. Born in Korea, she is the adopted daughter of actress Mia Farrow and musician André Previn. According to Soon-Yi Previn and Allen, they began their relationship after he ended his 10-year affiliation with Farrow, when Previn was 21. In 1992, their relationship became national news.
<Dannie_Heineman_Prize_for_Astrophysics>	The Dannie Heineman Prize for Astrophysics is jointly awarded each year by the American Astronomical Society and American Institute of Physics for outstanding work in astrophysics. It is funded by the Heineman Foundation in honour of Dannie Heineman.Source: AAS
<J._H._Williams_III>	James H. Williams III (born 1965), usually credited as J. H. Williams III, is an American comics artist and penciller. He is known for his work on titles such as Chase, Promethea, Desolation Jones, Batwoman, and The Sandman: Overture.Williams' early work includes penciling the four-issue miniseries, Deathwish (1994–1995) from Milestone Media. Deathwish was written by Maddie Blaustein and inked by Jimmy Palmiotti. He was one of the artists on the Shade limited series which spun off from the Starman series. Williams gained prominence as the artist on the short-lived (ten issues, 1997–1998) Chase title from DC Comics, where he worked with writer Dan Curtis Johnson. The character had been introduced earlier in Batman #550 (Jan. 1998).
<Carl_von_Gontard>	Carl Philipp Christian von Gontard (13 January 1731 in Mannheim – 23 September 1791 in Breslau) was a German architect who worked primarily in Berlin, Potsdam, and Bayreuth in the style of late Baroque Classicism. Next to Knobelsdorff he was considered the most important architect of the era of Frederick the Great of Prussia.Carl von Gontard descended from a Huguenot family living in the French province of Dauphiné. He married Sophia von Erckert and had numerous children, including Carl Friedrich Ludwig von Gontard, a Prussian army officer who was granted hereditary nobility by the Holy Roman Emperor Joseph II.After two years of study in Paris under Jacques-François Blondel and a lengthy sojourn in Italy he gained a reputation as a valued court architect to Wilhelmine of Prussia, Margravine of Brandenburg-Bayreuth. In Bayreuth he designed an extension to the Bayreuth Palace and numerous palaces for the nobility and residences for prosperous citizens, buildings recognized as being of high artistic quality and giving the townscape a distinctive accent. Gontard also taught architecture at the Bayreuth Academy of Arts. When her husband, reigning prince Frederick, Margrave of Brandenburg-Bayreuth, died in 1763, Gontard no long received regular commissions because of the policy of austerity of Frederick's successor, Frederick Christian, Margrave of Brandenburg-Bayreuth.
<Peter_Scholze>	Prismatic cohomologyCondensed mathematics
<Antonio_Caballero_y_Góngora>	Antonio Caballero y Góngora (in full, Antonio Pascual de San Pedro de Alcántara Caballero y Góngora) (24 May 1723 in Priego de Córdoba, Córdoba, Spain – 24 March 1796 in Córdoba) was a Spanish Roman Catholic prelate in the colonial Viceroyalty of New Granada, and from 1782 to 1789 the viceroy of New Granada (present day Colombia and Ecuador).Antonio Caballero was born into a hidalgo family in Córdoba. His parents were Juan Caballero y Espinar and Antonia de Góngora. He studied first in Córdoba. At the age of 15 he received a scholarship to study theology in the Colegio de San Bartolomé y Santiago in Granada. He continued his studies at the Colegio Imperial de Santa Catalina, graduating in 1744. He was ordained a priest on 19 September 1750. About this time he wrote a biography of the Granadan poet José Antonio Porcel y Salablanca.In 1753 he was named canon of the cathedral of Córdoba, where he remained until 1775. He was a cultured man and a lover of the arts. He collected paintings by Velázquez, Rubens, Titian, etc., and his library contained the most modern works on all branches of knowledge. He was also a numismatist.
<Jim_Snyder_(journalist)>	James Eugene Snyder (born October 17, 1965) is an American journalist. He is a former member of the Democratic Party.[citation needed]
<John_Rawlings_Rees>	John Rawlings Rees, CBE, FRCP (25 June 1890 – 11 April 1969), also known as 'Jack' or 'J.R.', was a British civilian and military psychiatrist.Born in Leicester to the Methodist minister Reverend Montgomery Rees and his wife Catharine Millar, John Rawlings Rees experienced frequent relocations during his early life as his father moved from manse to manse. After a period spent at Leeds, most of Rees education took place at Bradford Grammar School. He then attended King's College, Cambridge, where he studied Medicine and Natural Science and played water polo.
<Vassar_College>	Vassar College (/ˈvæsər/ VASS-ər) is a private liberal arts college in Poughkeepsie, New York, United States. Founded in 1861 by Matthew Vassar, it was the second degree-granting institution of higher education for women in the United States, closely following Elmira College. It became coeducational in 1969 and now has a gender ratio at the national average. The college is one of the historic Seven Sisters, the first elite women's colleges in the U.S., and has a historic relationship with Yale University, which suggested a merger before they both became coeducational institutions. About 2,450 students attend the college. As of 2021, its acceptance rate is 19%.The college offers B.A. degrees in more than 50 majors and features a flexible curriculum designed to promote a breadth of studies. Student groups at the college include theater and comedy organizations, a cappella groups, club sports teams, volunteer and service groups, and a circus troupe. Vassar College's varsity sports teams, known as the Brewers, play in the NCAA's Division III as members of the Liberty League.
<T._S._Eliot>	Thomas Stearns Eliot OM (26 September 1888 – 4 January 1965) was a poet, essayist, publisher, playwright, literary critic and editor. Considered one of the 20th century's major poets, he is a central figure in English-language Modernist poetry.Born in St. Louis, Missouri, to a prominent Boston Brahmin family, he moved to England in 1914 at the age of 25 and went on to settle, work, and marry there. He became a British citizen in 1927 at the age of 39, subsequently renouncing his American citizenship.
<Alexander_Markovich_Polyakov>	Alexander Markovich Polyakov (Russian: Алекса́ндр Ма́ркович Поляко́в; born 27 September 1945) is a Russian theoretical physicist, formerly at the Landau Institute in Moscow and, since 1990, at Princeton University, where he is the Joseph Henry Professor of Physics.Polyakov is known for a number of fundamental contributions to quantum field theory, including work on what is now called the 't Hooft–Polyakov monopole in non-Abelian gauge theory, independent from Gerard 't Hooft. Polyakov and coauthors discovered the so-called  BPST instanton which, in turn, led to the discovery of the vacuum angle in QCD. His path integral formulation of string theory had profound and lasting impacts on the conceptual and mathematical understanding of the theory. His paper "Infinite conformal symmetry in two-dimensional quantum field theory" written with Alexander Belavin and Alexander Zamolodchikov laid down the foundations of two-dimensional conformal field theory and has classic status. Polyakov also played an important role in elucidating the conceptual framework behind renormalization independent of Kenneth G. Wilson's Nobel Prize–winning work. He formulated pioneering ideas in gauge/string duality long before the breakthrough of AdS/CFT using D-branes. Other insightful conjectures that came years or even decades before active work by others include integrability of gauge and string theories and certain ideas about turbulence.Very early in his career, in a 1965 student work, Polyakov suggested (with Alexander Migdal) a dynamical Higgs mechanism, slightly after but independently from the publications of Peter Higgs and others. The paper was delayed by the Editorial Office of JETP, and was published only in 1966.
<Deutsche_Bank_(Italy)>	Deutsche Bank S.p.A. is an Italian bank based in Milan, Lombardy. It is a subsidiary of Deutsche Bank A.G..Banca dell'Italia Meridionale was found in 1917. It was acquired by Amadeo Giannini, the founder of Bank of Italy (United States) in 1922. The bank was renamed to Banca d'America e d'Italia (literally the Bank of America and Italy). In December 1986 Deutsche Bank acquired 98.3% voting rights of the bank. In 1994 the bank was renamed to Deutsche Bank S.p.A..In 1994 the DB Italy also acquired Banca Popolare di Lecco. In 1999 DB Italy acquired 20% shares of Cassa di Risparmio di Asti which was sold to Banca Popolare di Milano in 2004. From 2000 to 2003 the bank also had a minority interests in Banca di Cividale.
<Julie_Cobb>	Julie Frances Cobb is an American actress. She is the daughter of actor Lee J. Cobb.Cobb was born in Los Angeles, California, to a Jewish family. Her parents were actor Lee J. Cobb and actress Helen Beverley. She went to Beverly Hills High School and attended San Francisco State College for two years. Before she became an actress, she was a receptionist, taught English in Mexico City, and for a few months worked as a Playboy bunny.
<Vanessa_Marshall>	Vanessa Marshall (born October 19, 1969 in Los Angeles, California, U.S.) is an American voice and television actress who is most active in films, cartoons and video games. She is the daughter of actress Joan Van Ark and reporter John Marshall.Prior to her career as a voice actor, Marshall attended Princeton University, majoring in English. She then attended graduate school at the New York University Tisch School of the Arts, attaining a masters in acting and learning different dialects, which Marshall credits for helping her in her voiceover career. She started voice acting after being discovered by a voice acting agent during a solo performance, where she was playing 15 different characters.
<George_Ade>	George Ade (February 9, 1866 – May 16, 1944) was an American writer, syndicated newspaper columnist, and playwright who gained national notoriety at the turn of the 20th century with his "Stories of the Streets and of the Town", a column that used street language and slang to describe daily life in Chicago, and a column of his fables in slang, which were humorous stories that featured vernacular speech and the liberal use of capitalization in his characters' dialog.Ade's fables in slang gained him wealth and fame as an American humorist, as well as earning him the nickname of the "Aesop of Indiana". His notable early books include Artie (1896); Pink Marsh (1897); Fables in Slang (1900), the first in a series of books; and In Babel (1903), a collection of his short stories. His first play produced for the Broadway stage was The Sultan of Sulu, written in 1901. The Sho-Gun and his best-known plays, The County Chairman and The College Widow, were simultaneously appearing on Broadway in 1904. Ade also wrote scripts and had some of his fables and plays adapted into motion pictures.
<Gray_Tollison>	Grady Franklin "Gray" Tollison (born September 8, 1964) is a Republican member of the Mississippi Senate, representing District 9 since 1996.  In January 2012, Tollison was appointed Chairman of the Senate Education Committee by Lt. Governor Tate Reeves.  From 2004 until 2012, he served as Chairman of the Judiciary, Division “B” Committee under the leadership of Lt. Governor Phil Bryant and Lt. Gov. Amy Tuck. He also serves as a member of the Rules, Finance, Public Health and Welfare, Universities and Colleges, and Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks Committees.Tollison switched to the Republican Party on November 11, 2011, two days after winning his fifth election as a Democrat in the Mississippi Senate. This occurred only after Mississippi Republicans seized the control of House of Representatives & State Senate for the first time since the 1800s.Tollison is a graduate of Oxford High School, Rhodes College and the University of Mississippi School of Law.
<UD_Las_Palmas>	Unión Deportiva Las Palmas, S.A.D. is a Spanish football team based in Las Palmas, on the island of Gran Canaria in the autonomous community of Canary Islands. Founded on 22 August 1949, it plays in Segunda División, holding home games at the Estadio Gran Canaria, with a capacity of 32,400 seats. The club traditionally play in yellow shirts with blue shorts and socks.The club remains the only one in Spanish football to achieve back-to-back promotions to La Liga in its first two seasons. It had a 19-year run in the competition, ending in 1982–83. They have been promoted to La Liga on three additional occasions since that time (a total of eight additional seasons), most recently from 2015 to 2018.
<Nintendo_Research_&_Development_2>	Nintendo Research & Development No. 2 Department, commonly abbreviated as Nintendo R&D2, was a Japanese team within Nintendo that developed software and peripherals. While usually occupied in system operating software and technical support, the team would come back to early development in the 1990s where several new designers got their start at game development, the most famous being Eiji Aonuma who developed Marvelous: Another Treasure Island.R&D2 was originally led by Masayuki Uemura, who previously worked for Sharp Corporation, using an idea of Sharp's solar technology Uemura's department went on to develop the popular Nintendo beam gun games, selling over 1 million units. Kazuhiko Taniguchi took Uemura's position in 2004. Nintendo R&D2 was later merged into Nintendo SPD.In the 1970s, Nintendo created the R&D2 department.
<Jules_Ferrette>	Jules Ferrette, also spelled Julius Ferrette (22 April 1828 – 10 October 1904 or in 1903), was allegedly bishop of Iona; he is allegedly the founder of the Ancient British Church.Ferrette was born in Épinal, France, possibly of Protestant parents. Ferret joined the Catholic Church during his youth, then joined the Flavigny province of the Dominican Order in 1851, where he was given the religious name Raymond. He thereafter studied philosophy and theology at Grenoble and Paris, and was ordained a priest on 2 June 1855.He was a Dominican missionary in Mesopotamia and Kurdistan from September to June 1856, but then apostasized from the Catholic Church.
<Les_Crane>	Les Crane (born Lesley Stein; December 3, 1933 – July 13, 2008) was a radio announcer and television talk show host, a pioneer in interactive broadcasting who also scored a spoken word hit with his 1971 recording of the poem Desiderata, winning a "Best Spoken Word" Grammy.  He was the first network television personality to compete with Johnny Carson after Carson became a fixture of late-night television.Born in New York, Crane graduated from Tulane University, where he was an English major. He spent four years in the United States Air Force, as a jet pilot and helicopter flight instructor.
<Perkin_Medal>	The Perkin Medal is an award given annually by the Society of Chemical Industry (American Section) to a scientist residing in America for an "innovation in applied chemistry resulting in outstanding commercial development." It is considered the highest honor given in the US chemical industry.The Perkin Medal was first awarded in 1906 to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the discovery of mauveine, the world's first synthetic aniline dye, by Sir William Henry Perkin, an English chemist. The award was given to Sir William on the occasion of his visit to the United States in the year before he died. It was next given in 1908 and has been given every year since then.
<Paramount_Pictures>	Paramount Pictures Corporation is an American film and television production and distribution company and the main namesake division of Paramount Global (formerly ViacomCBS). It is the fifth-oldest film studio in the world, the second-oldest film studio in the United States (behind Universal Pictures), and the sole member of the "Big Five" film studios located within the city limits of Los Angeles.In 1916, film producer Adolph Zukor put 24 actors and actresses under contract and honored each with a star on the logo. In 1967, the number of stars was reduced to 22 and their hidden meaning was dropped. In 2014, Paramount Pictures became the first major Hollywood studio to distribute all of its films in digital form only. The company's headquarters and studios are located at 5555 Melrose Avenue, Hollywood, California.
<Arlene_Dahl>	Arlene Carol Dahl (August 11, 1925 – November 29, 2021) was an American actress active in films from the late 1940s. She was one of the last surviving stars from the Classical Hollywood cinema era.She was also an author and entrepreneur. She founded two companies, Arlene Dahl Enterprises and Dahlia, a fragrance company.
<Le_Parole_Obscure_du_Paysage_Interieur>	Giulio Cesare Andrea "Julius" Evola (Italian: [ˈɛːvola]; 19 May 1898 – 11 June 1974) was an Italian philosopher, poet, painter, esotericist, and radical-right ideologue. Evola regarded his values as aristocratic, masculine, traditionalist, heroic, and defiantly reactionary. An eccentric thinker in Fascist Italy, he also had ties to Nazi Germany; in the post-war era, he was known as an ideological mentor of the Italian neo-fascist and militant right.Evola was born in Rome. He served as an artillery officer in the First World War. He became a Dada artist but gave up painting in his twenties. He said he considered suicide until he had a revelation while reading a Buddhist text. In the 1920s he delved into the occult; he wrote on Western esotericism and of Eastern mysticism, developing his doctrine of "magical idealism".His writings blend various ideas of German idealism, Eastern doctrines, traditionalism and the interwar Conservative Revolution, with themes such as Hermeticism, the metaphysics of war and sex, Tantra, Buddhism, Taoism, mountaineering, the Holy Grail, civilisations, and decadence. Evola believed that mankind is living in the Kali Yuga, a Dark Age of unleashed materialistic appetites. To counter this and call in a primordial rebirth, Evola presented his "world of Tradition". According to scholar Franco Ferraresi, Evola’s thought can be considered one of the most consistently "antiegalitarian, antiliberal, antidemocratic, and antipopular systems in the twentieth century". Various writings by Evola are noted for their misogyny, racism, antisemitism, and attacks on Christianity and the Catholic Church.
<Jaguar_XK_(X150)>	The Jaguar XK is the second and final generation of the Jaguar XK 2+2 grand tourer manufactured and marketed by British automobile manufacturer Jaguar Cars under the X150 internal designation. The three-door fastback coupé debuted at the 2005 Frankfurt Motor Show with the 4.2-litre V8 engine of its predecessor, and the two-door convertible debuted in 2006 at the North American International Auto Show.The X150 is noted for its all-aluminium construction and its styling by Ian Callum, with details evokingprominent earlier Jaguar models, e.g., the Sayer nose recalling the XP/11 sports racing prototype of 1953 and adopted for the D-type – and the grill located badge recalling the E-type.
<Sanonda>	Hubei Sanonda Co., Ltd. is a Chinese pesticide producer, based in Jingzhou, Hubei Province. As at 31 December 2016, state-owned enterprise ChemChina via Sanonda Group (A share) and Adama Agricultural Solutions (B share) owned a combined 30.75% stake. It was followed by the Government of Qichun County (0.70%). A share accounted for 61.27% share capital, comparing to 38.73% for B share (domestically traded share for foreigner in mainland China).In 2016, a plan to acquire 100% stake of Adama Agricultural Solutions from ChemChina was announced, by issuing new shares to ChemChina and a private equity fund (Chinese: 芜湖信运汉石) that related to China Cinda. The B share held by ADAMA (which would become treasury stock) would be canceled. After the deal ChemChina would owned over 70% stake. As China Cinda was also owned by the State Council indirectly (via the Ministry of Finance). The total stake held by the Central Government of China was unknown.The predecessor of Hubei Sanonda Co., Ltd. was found in 1958. In 1992 the company was re-incorporated as company limited by shares (Chinese: 股份有限公司), under the new Company Law of China as part of marketization (State Council allowed corporation to issue shares since 1986). in 1993 the shares of the company started to float on Shenzhen Stock Exchange. Shashi Government (Shashi later merged to form Jingzhou) was the major shareholder for 52.35% stake. In 1996, Sanonda Group (Chinese: 沙隆达集团, now known as Sanonda Holdings, Chinese: 沙隆达控股) was formed as an intermediate holding company for Jingzhou Government for 44.66% stake, with the Government of Qichun County acquired a minority stake from the Government of Jingzhou in 1995.
<Susana_Martinez>	Susana Martinez (born July 14, 1959) is an American politician and attorney who served as the 31st governor of New Mexico from 2011 to 2019. A Republican, she served as chair of the Republican Governors Association (RGA) from 2015 to 2016. She was the first female Governor of New Mexico, and the first Hispanic female governor in the United States.Born in El Paso, Texas, Martinez is a graduate of the University of Oklahoma College of Law. After being admitted to the State Bar of New Mexico, she began her prosecuting career in 1986 as an Assistant District Attorney for the 3rd Judicial District of New Mexico, based in Las Cruces. She was appointed Deputy District Attorney in 1992. She joined the Republican Party and ran for District Attorney in 1996, serving three terms, from 1997 to 2011.
<Polish_State_Railways>	Polskie Koleje Państwowe S.A. (PKP S.A.; English: Polish State Railways, Inc.) is the dominant railway operator in Poland.The company was founded when the former Polskie Koleje Państwowe state-owned enterprise was divided into several units based on the need for separation between infrastructure management and transport operations. PKP S.A. is the dominant company in PKP Group collective that resulted from the split, and maintains in 100% share control, being fully responsible for the assets of all of the other PKP Group component companies. The group's organisations are dependent upon PKP S.A., but proposals for privatisation have been made.The pricing system currently employed by PKP is highly regressive. On international routes such as, for example, the Berlin-Warsaw Express and the IC-Nightbus Warsaw – Vilnius, a global pricing system is in use which requires one to buy two separate tickets (one in each direction) in place of a single consolidated return ticket. The long-distance and local trains' pricing systems are separated from each other in entirety and thus tickets issued by local train operators cannot be used on long-distance services, with the opposite also true. International tickets, however, are valid on all services upon which one is required to travel on order to reach the final destination stated on the ticket (unless a specific routing is stipulated in the terms of the conditions of use).Since 2009 PKP's subdivision Polskie Linie Kolejowe (Polish Railway Lines) has been using the new 'Dworzec Polski' (Polish Station) brand. This branding and its corresponding PR campaign 'ROBI SIĘ!' (IT'S GETTING READY!) was developed in order to shed more light on station redevelopments all around the country. The ethos of the brand essentially requires that the station in question be completely transformed to meet the highest modern standards of comfort and technical service before being allowed to become a member of the 'Dworzec Polski' network. Currently, there are 77 stations taking part in the 'ROBI SIĘ!' programme, amongst which are included the main stations of Warsaw, Katowice, Kraków, Wrocław, and Gdynia.
<German_National_People's_Party>	The German National People's Party (German: Deutschnationale Volkspartei, DNVP) was a national-conservative party in Germany during the Weimar Republic. Before the rise of the Nazi Party, it was the major conservative and nationalist party in Weimar Germany. It was an alliance of conservative, nationalists, reactionary monarchists, völkisch and antisemitic elements supported by the Pan-German League.It was formed in late 1918 after Germany's defeat in World War I and the November Revolution that toppled the German monarchy. It combined the bulk of the German Conservative Party, Free Conservative Party and German Fatherland Party with right-wing elements of the National Liberal Party. The party strongly rejected the republican Weimar Constitution of 1919 and the Treaty of Versailles which it viewed as a national disgrace, signed by traitors. The party instead aimed at a restoration of monarchy, a repeal of the dictated peace treaty and reacquisition of all lost territories and colonies.During the mid-1920s, the DNVP moderated its profile, accepting republican institutions in practice (while still calling for a return to monarchy in its manifesto) and participating in centre-right coalition governments on federal and state levels. It broadened its voting base—winning as much as 20.5% in the December 1924 election—and supported the election of Paul von Hindenburg as President of Germany (Reichspräsident) in 1925. Under the leadership of the populist media entrepreneur Alfred Hugenberg from 1928, the party reclaimed its reactionary nationalist and anti-republican rhetoric and changed its strategy to mass mobilisation, plebiscites and support of authoritarian rule by the President instead of work by parliamentary means. At the same time, it lost many votes to Adolf Hitler's rising Nazi Party. Several prominent Nazis began their careers in the DNVP.
<Alan_Rosenberg>	Alan Rosenberg (born October 4, 1950) is an American actor. Rosenberg is perhaps best known for his character Eli Levinson which appeared in both the series Civil Wars and the popular L.A. Law. From 2005 to 2009, he was president of the Screen Actors Guild, the principal motion picture industry on-screen performers' union.Rosenberg was born on October 4, 1950 and raised in Passaic, New Jersey. He was raised in Conservative Judaism.  Rosenberg's late brother, Mark, was a political activist in the 1960s, later a film producer. Their first cousin, also from Passaic, is musician/songwriter Donald Fagen, co-founder of the group Steely Dan.Rosenberg's parents gave him money to apply to graduate school. Rosenberg said that upon graduating in 1972 from Case Western Reserve University, he found another passion, poker, and subsequently gambled away most of the money his parents sent him, leaving him only able to afford one application, to the Yale School of Drama. Rosenberg dropped out halfway through his second year at Yale. His "greatest influence and best friend" while there was classmate Meryl Streep.
<Borussia_Dortmund>	Ballspielverein Borussia 09 e. V. Dortmund, commonly known as Borussia Dortmund (German pronunciation: [boˈʁʊsi̯aː ˈdɔɐ̯tmʊnt] (listen)), BVB (pronounced [beːfaʊ̯ˈbeː] (listen)), or simply Dortmund (pronounced [ˈdɔʁtmʊnt] (listen)), is a German professional sports club based in Dortmund, North Rhine-Westphalia. It is best known for its men's professional football team, which plays in the Bundesliga, the top tier of the German football league system. The club have won eight league championships, five DFB-Pokals, one UEFA Champions League, one Intercontinental Cup, and one UEFA Cup Winners' Cup.Founded in 1909 by eighteen football players from Dortmund, the football team is part of a large membership-based sports club with more than 145,000 members, making Borussia Dortmund the second largest sports club by membership in Germany. The club has active departments in other sports, namely in women's handball. Since 1974, Dortmund have played their home games at Westfalenstadion; the stadium is the largest in Germany, and Dortmund has the highest average attendance of any association football club in the world.
<Kim_Hyo-jin>	Kim Hyo-jin (Korean: 김효진; born February 10, 1984) is a South Korean actress and model. She began modeling in teen magazines, and made her acting debut in 1999. She is best known for playing the youngest of the three sisters in sex comedy film Everybody Has Secrets. She made her theater debut in 2009 in the play A Midsummer Night's Dream and followed this up by appearing in the theatrical production Fool for Love a year later. In 2020, she played a con artist in the television drama Private Lives.Kim began her career modeling in teen magazines, and made her acting debut in 1999. After a series of forgettable roles, she is best known for playing the youngest of the three sisters in sex comedy film Everybody Has Secrets, and the female lead in family drama I Am Happy.
<Sho-Chieh_Tsiang>	Sho-Chieh Tsiang (traditional Chinese: 蔣碩傑; simplified Chinese: 蒋硕杰; pinyin: Jiǎng Shuòjié; August 25, 1918 – October 21, 1993) was a Chinese-American economist. He was born in China but resided primarily in the United States from 1949 until his death. He also resided in Taiwan in 1948 and in the 1980s.He was the father-in-law of Lars Peter Hansen (2013 Nobel Prize in Economics laureate).He studied at Keio University and London School of Economics (B. Sc. Economics 1941, Ph.D. Economics 1945) under Friedrich Hayek and received the Hutchinson Silver Medal 1944–45. He served as Professor of Economics at National Peking University, 1946–48, staff economist at the International Monetary Fund, member of Academia Sinica, and Professor of Economics at University of Rochester and Cornell University. He was founding director of the Chung-Hwa Institute for Economic Research, serving from 1981 until his resignation in 1993 due to illness.
<Théâtre_du_Palais-Royal>	The Théâtre du Palais-Royal (French pronunciation: ​[teɑtʁ dy palɛ ʁwajal]) is a 750-seat Parisian theatre at 38 rue de Montpensier, located at the northwest corner of the Palais-Royal in the Galerie de Montpensier at its intersection with the Galerie de Beaujolais.Originally known as the Théâtre des Beaujolais, it was a puppet theatre with a capacity of about 750 that was built in 1784 to the designs of the architect Victor Louis. In 1790 it was taken over by Mademoiselle Montansier and became known as the Théâtre Montansier. She began using it for plays and Italian operas translated into French and the following year hired Louis to enlarge the stage and auditorium, increasing its capacity to 1300. After Napoleon's decree on the theatres in 1807 introduced significant constraints on the types of pieces that could be performed, it was used for lighter fare, such as acrobatics, rope dancing, performing dogs, and Neapolitan puppets. In 1812 the theatre was converted into a café with shows.After the July Revolution of 1830 some of the restrictions on theatres were relaxed. Dormeuil and Poirson had the theatre remodelled by Louis Regnier de Guerchy and reopened it as the Théâtre du Palais-Royal with a license to present comédies, vaudevilles, and comédies melées d'ariettes, among which were some early works by Hervé. Later he was its chief musical conductor for several years. The theatre became especially well known for presenting the hilarious comedies of Eugène Labiche. The restrictions on genre were lifted in 1864, and the theatre began to present, not only comedies such as the farces of Georges Feydeau, but also more ambitious productions including operettas, the most famous of which was probably Offenbach's La Vie parisienne in 1866. The actresses Hortense Schneider and Virginie Déjazet also appeared there. The unique fire escapes were added in 1880, when the theatre was entirely rebuilt by the architect Paul Sédille.
<Xu_Zheng_(actor)>	Xu Zheng (born 18 April 1972) is a Chinese actor and director best known for acting in comedic roles. Xu directed, co-wrote, co-produced and starred in Lost in Thailand (2012) and Lost in Hong Kong (2015), two of the highest-grossing films in China. He also co-produced and starred in Dying to Survive (2018). Xu found fame with the wacky TV series Sunny Piggy (2000), co-starring his future wife Tao Hong. He gained further recognition after other comedy TV dramas Li Wei the Magistrate (2001) and Love Through Different Times (2002), as well as comedy films Call for Love (2007) and Lost on Journey (2010). Xu has acted in most of Ning Hao's films including No Man's Land (2013) and Breakup Buddies (2014).Xu ranked 38th on Forbes China Celebrity 100 list in 2013, 68th in 2015, 92nd in 2017, 4th in 2019, and 2nd in 2020.
<Our_Lady_of_Victory_Church_(Manhattan)>	Coordinates: 40°42′25″N 74°00′32″W﻿ / ﻿40.706962°N 74.008791°W﻿ / 40.706962; -74.008791The Church of Our Lady of Victory, also known as the War Memorial Church, is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York, located at 60 William Street on the northeast corner of William Street and Pine Street in the Financial District of Manhattan, New York City. It was established in 1944, during World War II, by Cardinal Francis Spellman, Archbishop of New York and Apostolic Vicar for the U.S. Armed Forces from December 11, 1939, to December 2, 1967, at a time when "victory in the war was in sight but not yet assured." A quote from Cardinal Spellman greets worshipers at the front door: "This Holy Shrine is dedicated to Our Lady of Victory in Thanksgiving for Victory won by our valiant dead, our soldier’s blood, our country’s tears, shed to defend men’s rights and win back men’s hearts to God."A Soldier's Shrine is in the lower chapel, and the Teresa Benedicta Auschwitz Memorial in the lobby commemorates a victim of the Holocaust.  A 9-11 Remembrance Book is displayed.
<Cathleen_Mann>	Cathleen Sabine Mann RP ROI (31 December 1896 – 9 September 1959), styled the Marchioness of Queensberry from 1926 to 1946, was a British portrait painter and costume designer for film. She was a member of the Royal Institute of Oil Painters and the Royal Society of Portrait Painters.Cathleen Mann was born in Newcastle upon Tyne on 31 December 1896 to the Scottish portrait painter Harrington Mann, the second of his three daughters. Her mother was the portraitist and interior director Florence Sabine Pasley. Harrington Mann gave Cathleen painting lessons in his London studio, as did the portrait painter Ethel Walker. Walker continued to tutor Mann even while Cathleen was studying at Slade School of Fine Art in London. Walker remained an influence on Mann and the two often exhibited in the same group exhibitions. Mann's art career was put on hold owing to the First World War, when she worked with an ambulance unit.
<Suman_Shah>	Suman Shah (Gujarati:સુમન શાહ) is a Gujarati language critic, short story writer, novelist, essayist, editor and translator from Gujarat, India. He won the Sahitya Akademi Award in 2008 for his short story collection Fatfatiyun. He has written both in the modern and in the postmodern eras in Gujarati literature. He has authored more than 74 books, including 2 novels, 6 short story collections, 4 collections of creative essays, 6 translations into Gujarati from English and Hindi, 22 books on literary criticism and around 23 edited works of literary theory and modern Gujarati short stories and poems. He was honorary editor of Shabdasrishti from 1983 to 1986 and an editor of Khevna, a literary journal, from 1987 to 2009.Shah was born on 1 November 1939 in Dabhoi, Vadodara district, Gujarat, to Govindlal and Kundanbahen. He took his primary education in Dabhoi Prathamik Shala. He finished his secondary education from Vibhag High School, Dabhoi in 1957. He joined M. S. University to obtain a Bachelor of Commerce, but left it for the Arts College in Dabhoi in 1959. He was graduated in 1962 with a major in Gujarati literature and a minor in Sanskrit. In 1964, he completed his Master of Arts in Gujarati and Sanskrit literature from M. S. University in Vadodara. Under the guidance of Mohanbhai Shankarbhai Patel, he obtained a PhD degree for his thesis Suresh Joshi: His Literature and its Impact upon Modern Gujarati Literature in 1978 from Gujarat Vidyapith.
<Narsinh_Mehta_Award>	Narsinh Mehta Award (Gujarati: નરસિંહ મહેતા પુરસ્કાર) is one of the highest awards of Gujarati literature. The award is conferred upon Gujarati language author by Adyakavi Narsinh Mehta Sahitya Nidhi, Junagadh, Gujarat. The award is held at corpuscle of  Sharad Purnima, mostly at Rupayatan, Junagadh. The award was instituted in 1999. The recipient is presented the idol of Narsinh Mehta and ₹1,51,000.The award of 2013 was conferred upon Nalin Raval and Harikrushna Pathak on 18 October 2013 at Rupayatan.
<Lee_Hendrie>	Lee Andrew Hendrie (born 18 May 1977) is an English former professional footballer and pundit for Sky Sports.As a player, he was a midfielder who notably played in the Premier League for Aston Villa where he spent fourteen years. He also played for the England U21s and earned one full cap for England in 1998. He has also played in Football League for Stoke City, Sheffield United, Leicester City, Derby County, Brighton & Hove Albion and Bradford City.
<Draco_Rosa>	Draco Cornelius Rosa Suárez (Spanish: [ˈdɾako koɾˈneljus ˈrosa ˈswaɾes]; born Robert Edward Rosa Suárez, June 27, 1969), also known as Draco Rosa, Robi Draco Rosa or simply Robi or Draco, is a Puerto Rican singer, musician, songwriter and entrepreneur.Rosa originally garnered fame as a member of boy band Menudo in the 1980s, singing lead on the band's biggest stateside hit, "Hold Me" and featuring prominently in the accompanying music video. After leaving the band he moved to Brazil where he released two albums, achieving mainstream success. Following a brief subsequent stint in California, he returned to New York and joined the band Maggie's Dream, which split after only one album, allowing him to resume his solo career. The singer and composer has released numerous albums, and has composed multiple songs for Ednita Nazario, Julio Iglesias and former Menudo band-mate, Ricky Martin. He has also been featured on VH1's Behind the Music.
<James_Murphy_(architect)>	James Murphy, FAIA, (1834–1907) was an Irish-American architect active in late-nineteenth- and early twentieth-century New England, who designed numerous Roman Catholic churches and related structures.Murphy was born in 1834 in County Tipperary, Ireland. In 1852, he emigrated to the United States along with his brother Michael. Soon after his arrival, he entered the Brooklyn, New York firm of Patrick C. Keely as an apprentice. Keely was already an established architect specializing in ecclesiastical design. Eventually, Murphy became a partner in the firm, operating as Keely & Murphy. Murphy would later marry Keely's sister-in-law.By the mid-1860s, the duo opened a branch office in Providence, Rhode Island. In 1875, the partnership was dissolved and Murphy established his own practice. Murphy continued to specialize in church design for the ever-growing number of Roman Catholic parishes during the late nineteenth century, particularly in the southern New England area of Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Connecticut.
<Hotel_Cæsar>	Hotel Cæsar is a Norwegian soap opera that aired on TV 2 from 24 October 1998 until 14 December 2017. From the start in 1998, the show was broadcast Monday to Friday, except during the autumn of 2006, where the show was broadcast Monday to Thursday only, and from 2010 until 15 December 2016, the show was again broadcast Monday to Thursday on TV 2. From 2 January 2017, the show started being broadcast online only, through TV 2's web player TV 2 Sumo. The show was cancelled later in 2017, and the last episode was published on TV 2 Sumo 14 December 2017. It was created by Swedish duo Peter Emanuel Falck and Christian Wikander. The show consists of a total of 3,123 episodes, making it the longest running drama in television in Scandinavia. Hotel Cæsar is the second longest running drama in television in the Nordics after Finnish soap opera Salatut elämät (1999–).The storylines are centered around a fictional hotel in Oslo, its employees, and the Anker-Hansen family. From the start, CEO and widower Georg Anker-Hansen (Toralv Maurstad) was one of the most central figures in the series and his romance with the escort girl Ninni Krogstad (Henriette Lien) was the main story. After a year Georg died of incurable cancer in the pancreas, and Ninni inherited the entire concern, which led to major conflicts with Georg's dominating mother, Astrid (Sossen Krohg), and especially Georg's children, Juni (Anette Hoff), Jens August (Kim Kolstad), and Julie (Elin Sogn).So far, the series was mostly inspired by the history of Janni Spies, where Janni Brodersen married the much older Danish tourism king Simon Spies, and inherited millions when he died. It gave the idea to the hotel-owner Georg Anker-Hansen and the escort girl Ninni Krogstad.
<A_Touch_of_Frost>	A Touch of Frost is a television detective series produced by Yorkshire Television (later ITV Studios) for ITV from 6 December 1992 until 5 April 2010, initially based on the Frost novels by R. D. Wingfield. Writing credit for the three episodes in the first 1992 series went to Richard Harris.The series stars David Jason as Detective Inspector William Edward "Jack" Frost, an experienced and dedicated detective who frequently clashes with his superiors. In his cases, Frost is usually assisted by a variety of different detective sergeants or constables, with each bringing a different slant to the particular case. Comic relief is provided by Frost's interactions with the bureaucratically-minded Superintendent Norman "Horn-rimmed Harry" Mullett, played by Bruce Alexander.
<Carnegie_Art_Museum_(Oxnard,_California)>	The Carnegie Art Museum is a public art museum owned by the City of Oxnard, California in the building originally occupied by the Oxnard Public Library. The Neo-Classical building, located adjacent to Oxnard's Plaza Park, opened in 1907 as the Oxnard Public Library and was converted into an art museum in 1986.  In July 1971, it became the first building in Ventura County and the first Carnegie library in California to be listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
<Gregor_Piatigorsky>	Gregor Piatigorsky (Russian: Григо́рий Па́влович Пятиго́рский, Grigoriy Pavlovich Pyatigorskiy; April 17 [O.S. April 4] 1903 – August 6, 1976) was a Russian Empire-born American cellist.Gregor Piatigorsky was born in Ekaterinoslav (now Dnipro, Ukraine) into a Jewish family. As a child, he was taught violin and piano by his father. After seeing and hearing the cello, he was determined to become a cellist and was given his first cello when he was seven.Piatigorsky won a scholarship to the Moscow Conservatory, studying with Alfred von Glehn, Anatoliy Brandukov, and a certain Gubariov. At the same time, he was earning money for his family by playing in local cafés.
<Government_of_Sweden>	The Government of the Kingdom of Sweden (Swedish: Konungariket Sveriges regering) is the national cabinet of Sweden, and the country's executive authority.The Government consists of the Prime Minister—appointed and dismissed by the Speaker of the Riksdag—and other cabinet ministers (Swedish: Statsråd), appointed and dismissed at the sole discretion of the Prime Minister. The Government is responsible for its actions to the Riksdag.
<Gillian_Raine>	Gillian Mary Lorraine (28 December 1926 – 19 June 2018), known professionally as Gillian Raine, was a British actress and singer. She was married to actor Leonard Rossiter from 1964 until his death in 1984; they had one daughter, Camilla (b. 1972).Raine appeared in repertory theatre, TV drama and film productions. Her theatre works included Hedda Gabler (as Juliana Tesman), 2005, at The Duke of York's Theatre, Richard Eyre's production of La Grande Magia for the National Theatre, Mike Bradwell’s Mackerel Sky at the Bush Theatre and Bill Bryden’s production of A Month in the Country at the Yvonne Arnaud Theatre and in the West End at the Albery Theatre. Film work included Darling and A Night to Remember and on television Kiss Me Kate, Vanity Fair, A Very Peculiar Practice and Under the Hammer.  She met Rossiter when they were both appearing in the play Semi-Detached in 1962 at the Belgrade Theatre, Coventry.
<Nobel_Prize_in_Chemistry>	The Nobel Prize in Chemistry is awarded annually by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences to scientists in the various fields of chemistry. It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the will of Alfred Nobel in 1895, awarded for outstanding contributions in chemistry, physics, literature, peace, and physiology or medicine. This award is administered by the Nobel Foundation, and awarded by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences on proposal of the Nobel Committee for Chemistry which consists of five members elected by the Academy. The award is presented in Stockholm at an annual ceremony on 10 December, the anniversary of Nobel's death.The first Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded in 1901 to Jacobus Henricus van 't Hoff, of the Netherlands, "for his discovery of the laws of chemical dynamics and osmotic pressure in solutions". From 1901 to 2022, the award has been bestowed on a total of 189 individuals. The 2022 Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to Carolyn R. Bertozzi, Morten P. Meldal, and Karl Barry Sharpless for the development of click chemistry and bioorthogonal chemistry. Only eight women have received the prize, including Marie Curie, her daughter Irène Joliot-Curie, Dorothy Hodgkin (1964), Ada Yonath (2009), Frances Arnold (2018), Emmanuelle Charpentier and Jennifer Doudna (2020) and Carolyn R. Bertozzi (2022).
<The_Madwoman_in_the_Attic>	The Madwoman in the Attic: The Woman Writer and the Nineteenth-Century Literary Imagination is a 1979 book by Sandra Gilbert and Susan Gubar, in which they examine Victorian literature from a feminist perspective. Gilbert and Gubar draw their title from Charlotte Brontë's Jane Eyre, in which Rochester's wife (née Bertha Mason) is kept secretly locked in an attic apartment by her husband.The text specifically examines Jane Austen, Mary Shelley, Charlotte and Emily Brontë, George Eliot, Elizabeth Barrett Browning, Christina Rossetti  and Emily Dickinson.In the work, Gilbert and Gubar examine the notion that women writers of the nineteenth century were confined in their writing to make their female characters either embody the "angel" or the "monster", a struggle which they argue stemmed from male writers' tendencies to categorize female characters as either pure, angelic women or rebellious, unkempt madwomen.  In their argument Gilbert and Gubar point to Virginia Woolf, who says women writers must "kill the aesthetic ideal through which they themselves have been 'killed' into art".  While it may be easy to construe that feminist writers embody the "madwoman" or "monster", Gilbert and Gubar stress the importance of killing off both figures because neither accurately represents women or women writers.  Instead, Gilbert and Gubar urge female writers to strive for autonomous self-definition beyond this dichotomy, which they see as imposed by a reductionist patriarchal view of women's roles.
<Portimonense_S.C.>	Portimonense Sporting Clube is a Portuguese sports club based in Portimão. Founded on 14 August 1914, it is most notable for its professional football team, which currently plays in the Primeira Liga, the top flight of Portuguese football. It also fields various youth teams and a veterans team in football, as well as teams in basketball.Located in Algarve's second largest city, its stadium, the Estádio Municipal de Portimão, has a capacity of 9,544 spectators after undergoing renovation in early 2011. The club has never won any major trophies, but it participated in the Primeira Liga for several seasons.Portimonense's zenith was in the 1980s, a decade in which the club only played its football in the top division, also competing in the UEFA Cup in 1985–86. They have reached the semifinals of the Taça de Portugal three times, in 1983, 1987 and 1988.
<Sten_Ljunggren>	Sten Ivar Ljunggren (born 16 October 1938) is a Swedish character actor. He played Henrik in the long-running Swedish drama TV series Svenska hjärtan, which aired between 1987 and 1998. Other notable roles includes criminal inspector Lennart Thorin in the TV mini-series based on the Lasermannen events, the retired doctor Axel Holtman in Skärgårdsdoktorn, the voice of Carl Fredricksen in the Swedish dub of Up, the voice of Sykes in the Swedish cinema dub of Oliver & Company, and the evil principal in Kenny Starfighter.He played the lead role as Birger in Lukas Moodysson's last short film Talk. The same character, with some modifications, was used again in Moodysson's Together. Ljunggren reprised the role.
<Carlo_Rambaldi>	Carlo Rambaldi (September 15, 1925 – August 10, 2012) was an Italian special effects artist, winner of three Oscars: one Special Achievement Academy Award for Best Visual Effects in 1977 for the 1976 version of King Kong and two Academy Awards for Best Visual Effects in 1980 and 1983 for, respectively, Alien (1979) and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial (1982). He is most famous for his work in those two last mentioned films, that is for the mechanical head-effects for the creature in Alien and the design of the title character of E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial.Carlo Rambaldi was born September 15, 1925 in Vigarano Mainarda, Emilia-Romagna. He studied painting at the Accademia di Belle Arti di Bologna, where he developed a passion for electromechanics and the skeleton and musculature of the human body. He was heavily influenced by the work of Picasso and the Italian artist Renato Guttuso.
<Democratic_Party_(Hong_Kong)>	High CourtDistrict Court
<Alan_Currie>	Sir Henry Alan Currie MC (6 June 1868 – 10 October 1942) was an Australian politician.He was born in Geelong to grazier John Lang Currie and Louise Johnston. He attended Melbourne Grammar School and then entered into residence at Trinity College (University of Melbourne), while studying civil engineering at the University. From 1896 to 1898 he worked in Western Australia as an assistant engineer for the Public Works Department, before his father died in 1898 and he inherited part of the family estates. On 11 June 1902 he married Muriel Miller. During the First World War he served with the Royal Field Artillery in Belgium and France; he was wounded, mentioned in despatches, and then in 1918 awarded the Military Cross. In 1920 he sold the Mount Elephant property he had co-run with his brother and acquired land at near Burrumbeet under the soldier settler scheme. From 1904 to 1914 he had served on Hampden Shire Council, serving a term as president from 1909 to 1910. In 1928 he was elected to the Victorian Legislative Council as a Nationalist member for Nelson Province. He was briefly a minister without portfolio in December 1929. Knighted in 1937, he served until the abolition of his seat in 1940, at which time he retired. Currie died at Burrumbeet in 1942.
<Brian_D._Ripley>	Brian David Ripley FRSE (born 29 April 1952) is a British statistician. From 1990, he was professor of applied statistics at the University of Oxford and is also a professorial fellow at St Peter's College. He retired August 2014 due to ill health.Ripley has made contributions to the fields of spatial statistics and pattern recognition. His work on artificial neural networks in the 1990s helped to bring aspects of machine learning and data mining to the attention of statistical audiences. He emphasised the value of robust statistics in his books Modern Applied Statistics with S and Pattern Recognition and Neural Networks.
<The_Fire_This_Time_(essay_collection)>	The Fire This Time: A New Generation Speaks About Race is an essay and poetry collection edited by the American author Jesmyn Ward and published by Scribner in 2016. The title, The Fire This Time alludes to James Baldwin's seminal 1963 text, The Fire Next Time.The book was published by Scribner on August 2, 2016.The Fire This Time is an anthology of 18 writers contributing essays and poetry to three movements entitled "Legacy", "Reckoning", and "Jubilee". The writers include, Carol Anderson, Rachel Kaadzi Ghansah, Jericho Brown, Edwidge Danticat, Kevin Young, Claudia Rankine, Garnette Cadogan, Mitchell S. Jackson, Kima Jones, Kiese Laymon, Daniel Jose Older, Emily Raboteau, Clint Smith, Isabel Wilkerson, Natasha Trethewey, Wendy S. Walters, and Honorée Jeffers. 
<Sendhil_Mullainathan>	Sendhil Mullainathan (pronunciation (help·info)) (born c. 1973) is an American professor of Computation and Behavioral Science at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business and the author of Scarcity: Why Having Too Little Means So Much (with Eldar Shafir). He was hired with tenure by Harvard in 2004 after having spent six years at MIT.Mullainathan is a recipient of a MacArthur Foundation "genius grant" and conducts research on development economics, behavioral economics, and corporate finance. He is co-founder of Ideas 42, a non-profit organization that uses behavioral science to help solve social problems, and J-PAL, the MIT Poverty Action Lab and has made extensive academic contributions through the National Bureau of Economic Research and has also worked in government at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB). In May 2018, he moved from Harvard to the University of Chicago Booth School of Business, becoming the George C. Tiao Faculty Fellow. In November 2018, he received the Infosys Prize (in Social Sciences category), one of the highest monetary awards in India that recognize excellence in science and research, for his contributions to the field of economics, especially behavioral economics.
<José_Maria_Marin>	José Maria Marin (born 6 May 1932) is a Brazilian politician and former sports administrator who was the President of the Brazilian Football Confederation (Portuguese: Confederação Brasileira de Futebol, CBF) from March 2012 until April 2015. He had previously served as vice-governor and governor of São Paulo state and is a former football player.Marin was arrested as part of the 2015 FIFA corruption case and was subsequently jailed for four years.
<The_Captive_Slave>	The Captive Slave is a painting by British artist John Simpson, which was first exhibited in London in 1827. The portrait shows a man, manacled, on a stone bench and looking pensively or plaintively upward.  Its subject matter, historical period, and mode of creation suggest the artist intended the painting as an abolitionist statement. After being displayed again in 1828, the painting was not given another public showing for 180 years, until it was purchased by the Art Institute of Chicago in 2008.
<Carry_On_(franchise)>	The Carry On series of 31 British comedy films were released between 1958 and 1978, produced by Peter Rogers with director Gerald Thomas. The humour of Carry On was in the British comic tradition of music hall and bawdy seaside postcards. In between the films, Rogers and Thomas produced four Christmas television specials (1969–1973), a 1975 television series of thirteen episodes, and three West End stage shows that later toured the regions. The series drew on regular ensemble that included Sid James, Kenneth Williams, Charles Hawtrey, Joan Sims, Kenneth Connor, Peter Butterworth, Hattie Jacques, Terry Scott, Bernard Bresslaw, Barbara Windsor, Jack Douglas, and Jim Dale. A 31st film was released in 1992, though featuring only four of the "irregular" cast members.The Carry On series contains the largest number of films of any British film series, and is the second longest running, albeit with a fourteen-year gap (1978–1992) between the 30th and 31st entries. (The James Bond film series is the longest-running, having started in 1962, four years after the first Carry On, though with fewer films.)
<XFA>	XFA (also known as XFA forms) stands for XML Forms Architecture, a family of proprietary XML specifications that was suggested and developed by JetForm to enhance the processing of web forms. It can be also used in PDF files starting with the PDF 1.5 specification. The XFA specification is referenced as an external specification necessary for full application of the ISO 32000-1 specification (PDF 1.7). The XML Forms Architecture was not standardized as an ISO standard, and has been deprecated in PDF 2.0.XFA's main extension to XML are computationally active tags. In addition, all instances created from a given XFA form template keep the specification of data capture, rendering, and manipulation rules from the original. Another major advantage of XFA is that its data format allows compatibility with other systems, and with changes to other technology, applications and technology standards.According to JetForm's submission to the World Wide Web Consortium, "XFA addresses the needs of organizations to securely capture, present, move, process, output and print information associated with electronic forms." The XFA proposal was submitted to the W3C in May 1999.
<Andrey_Chernyshov>	Andrey Alekseyevich Chernyshov (Russian: Андрей Алексеевич Чернышов; born 7 January 1968) is a Russian football manager and former player. He also previously managed the I-League club Mohammedan.A centre-back, Chernyshov played for numerous clubs in his homeland, including three Moscow-based clubs Dynamo, Spartak and Torpedo, as well as Rubin Kazan. He also represented various clubs abroad, such as Sturm Graz, DSV Leoben and BSV Bad Bleiberg in Austria, PAOK in Greece, SpVgg Greuther Fürth in Germany, as well as Royal Antwerp in Belgium.
<National_Union_Party_(United_States)>	The National Union Party was the temporary name used by the Republican Party and elements of other parties for the national ticket in the 1864 presidential election that was held during the Civil War. For the most part, state Republican parties did not change their name. The temporary name was used to attract War Democrats, border state voters, Unconditional Unionist, and Unionist Party members who might otherwise have not voted for the Republican Party. The party nominated incumbent Republican President Abraham Lincoln of Illinois with life-long Democrat Andrew Johnson of Tennessee for Vice President. They won the electoral college 212–21.The National Union Party was created just before the general election of November 1864, when the Civil War was still in progress. A faction of anti-Lincoln Radical Republicans believed that Lincoln was incompetent and could not be reelected. A number of Radical Republicans formed a party called the Radical Democracy Party and a few hundred delegates met in Cleveland starting on May 31, 1864, eventually nominating John C. Frémont, who had also been the Republicans' first presidential standard-bearer during the 1856 presidential election.Republicans loyal to Lincoln created a new name for their party in convention at Baltimore, Maryland during the first week in June 1864 in order to accommodate the War Democrats who supported the war and wished to separate themselves from the Copperheads. This is the main reason why War Democrat Andrew Johnson was nominated for vice president, instead of Vice President Hannibal Hamlin. The National Unionists supporting the Lincoln–Johnson ticket also hoped that the new party would stress the national character of the war.
<Cassa_di_Risparmio_di_Asti>	Cassa di Risparmio di Asti known as Banca CR Asti or just Banca di Asti, is an Italian saving bank based in Asti, Piedmont. It serves Piedmont and Lombardy regions.The bank was found on 25 January 1842 in Asti, in the Kingdom of Sardinia. Due to Legge Amato, on 24 June 1992 the bank was split into Cassa di Risparmio di Asti S.p.A. and Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Asti (gazetted on 17 July). In 1996 the banking foundation sold part of the shares to private citizens. In 1999 a further 20% was sold to the Deutsche Bank (via its subsidiary Deutsche Bank S.p.A.), which was acquired by Banca Popolare di Milano (via subsidiary Banca di Legnano) in 2004, for €93 million. The banking foundation retained 51.05% shares prior 2008 capital increase. Prior to 2013 capital increases, the banking foundation held 50.45% shares, which was decreased to 50.42% on 28 March 2013. The ownership was further diluted due to another capital increases in 2015.In December 2012 the bank acquired 60.42% shares of Cassa di Risparmio di Biella e Vercelli, another Piedmontese bank, from Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena for €206 million.
<Heather_Angel_(actress)>	Heather Grace Angel (9 February 1909 – 13 December 1986) was a British actress. She has been known for providing the voice of Mrs. Darling, Wendy's mother in Peter Pan (1953) and Alice's sister in Alice in Wonderland (1951).Angel was born 9 February 1909 in Headington, Oxford, England. She was the daughter of Mary Letitia Stock and Andrea Angel, an Oxford University chemistry lecturer and initially a don at Brasenose College and later at Christ Church. They were married in 1904 and, after the wedding, they moved to the Banbury Road. Andrea Angel's maternal grandfather was an Italian refugee and he was named after his uncle Andrea Rabagliati.
<Andre_Blackman>	Andre Alexander-George Blackman (born 10 November 1990) is an English professional footballer who plays for Dulwich Hamlet. A left back, he can also play as a wing back and a left winger.
<Robert_Lefkowitz>	Robert Joseph Lefkowitz (born April 15, 1943) is an American physician (internist and cardiologist)  and biochemist. He is best known for his groundbreaking discoveries that reveal the inner workings of an important family G protein-coupled receptors, for which he was awarded the 2012 Nobel Prize for Chemistry with Brian Kobilka. He is currently an Investigator with the Howard Hughes Medical Institute as well as a James B. Duke Professor of Medicine and Professor of Biochemistry and Chemistry at Duke University.Lefkowitz was born on April 15, 1943, in The Bronx, New York to Jewish parents Max and Rose Lefkowitz. Their families had emigrated to the United States from Poland in the late 19th century.After graduating from the Bronx High School of Science in 1959, he attended Columbia College from which he received a Bachelor of Arts in chemistry 1962.
<Wang_Feng_(singer)>	Wang Feng (Chinese: 汪峰; pinyin: Wāng fēng; born 29 June 1971 in Beijing) is a Chinese rock musician and composer. He was the founder and lead vocals of the rock band No. 43 Baojia Street. He also composed the music for Wang Xiaoshuai's 2001 film Beijing Bicycle.After two albums No. 43 Baojia Street (1997) and No. 43 Baojia Street 2 (1998), he signed a solo contract with Warner Music Beijing Co., Ltd. The third album Fireworks (2000) was the beginning of his solo career. With a number of songs like Flying Higher (飞得更高) (2004), and Blooming Life (怒放的生命) (2005) on his following albums, Wang Feng entered the media spotlight and became popular in China. His 2009 album Belief Flies in the Wind won him an award as the Most Popular Male Singer in China at the Channel V's 14th Chinese Music Awards. He is also a coach on The Voice of China, and Sing! China, both TV shows which helped him gain immense popularity.
<Harriet_Miers>	Harriet Ellan Miers (born August 10, 1945) is an American lawyer who served as White House Counsel to President George W. Bush from 2005 to 2007. A member of the Republican Party since 1988, she previously served as White House Staff Secretary from 2001 to 2003 and White House Deputy Chief of Staff for Policy from 2003 until 2005. In 2005, Miers was nominated by Bush to be an associate justice of the Supreme Court of the United States to replace retiring Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, but—in the face of bipartisan opposition—asked Bush to withdraw her nomination.  Following her withdrawal in 2007, Miers returned to private practice, becoming a partner in the litigation and public policy group at Locke Lord.Miers was born in Dallas and spent most of her life there until she moved to Washington, D.C. (2001) to work in the Bush Administration. She has described herself as a "Texan through and through." She is the fourth of the five children of real estate investor Harris Wood Miers Sr., and his wife, the former Erma (Sally) Grace Richardson. Miers graduated from Hillcrest High School in Dallas in 1963.Miers entered Southern Methodist University intending to become a teacher. The economic plight of her family was so dire that she almost dropped out in her freshman year, but she was able to find part-time work that put her through college. Then, her father had a debilitating stroke. When a lawyer helped organize her family's financial situation, Miers was inspired to enter law school. Miers graduated from Southern Methodist University with a bachelor's degree in mathematics (1967) and from its Law School with a Juris Doctor degree (1970).
<Eastbourne>	Eastbourne (/ˈiːstbɔːrn/ (listen)) is a town and seaside resort in East Sussex, on the south coast of England, 19 miles (31 km) east of Brighton and 54 miles (87 km) south of London. Eastbourne is immediately east of Beachy Head, the highest chalk sea cliff in Great Britain and part of the larger Eastbourne Downland Estate.The seafront consists largely of Victorian hotels, a pier, theatre, contemporary art gallery and a Napoleonic era fort and military museum.
<Postini>	Postini was an e-mail, Web security, and archiving service owned by Google since 2007. It provided cloud computing services for filtering e-mail spam and malware (before it was delivered to a client's mail server), offered optional e-mail archiving, and protected client networks from web-borne malware.Postini was a startup company founded in 1999 by Shinya Akamine, Gordon Irlam, Brian Maggi, and Scott Petry in Redwood City, California, United States. It was backed by August Capital, with second-round funding from August as well as Summit Partners Accelerator Fund and Sun Microsystems. By February 2005, it was operating ten U.S. data centers, processing 2.5 billion e-mail messages weekly, and providing anti-spam services for more than 4,200 companies and "6 million end users, including workers at Merrill Lynch, Circuit City, Rayovac, and Hormel Foods, the company that makes Spam, the canned meat product". Later in 2005 it moved to nearby San Carlos, California. As of 2012, the number of processed emails is estimated to have been doubled around two times, and Google has added data centers in the EU to better serve its European customers.On July 9, 2007, Google announced that it had signed a definitive agreement to acquire Postini. Google paid $625 million in cash for the acquisition.
<Inkwell_Awards>	The Inkwell Award, sometimes shortened to the Inkwells, is a trophy given in the field of inking in American comic books.  The awards were partially named after the Yahoo group whose members include many in the inking community, and after the personal website name of organization founder Bob Almond. The awards concept was created in an "Inkblots" column by Almond in Sketch Magazine #35 in 2007, which saw print in 2008 after the group formation. The mission statement is, "To promote and educate about the craft of comic book inking and to show recognition for ink artists."In January 2008, Bob Almond began an online discussion on the Inkwell Yahoo Group about recognition for comic book inkers. where the topic of an award was broached. Almond invited participants from the group to form a core committee.  The founding members were artists Tim Townsend, Jim Tournas, and Bill Nichols, and writer Daniel Best. Artist Adam Hughes and DC Comics editor Mike Marts were recruited as ambassadors to lend support.For year one, the committee selected several career-retrospective categories. The resulting ballot was open and ran for two months from April through May with the committee selecting nominations for the Hall of Fame award, the "Joe Sinnott", named in honor of that veteran inker. Voting took place online and was open to the public. Following the inaugural results, Townsend departed in July and Nichols in August. The core group choose as successor artist representative Bob Shaw in November and artist-writer Dave Simons in December. An Inkwell Awards forum was created September 16, 2008.
<Lysaker_Station>	Lysaker Station (Norwegian: Lysaker stasjon) is a railway station on the Drammen Line and Asker Line situated at Lysaker in Bærum, Norway. Located 7.00 kilometers (4.35 mi) from Oslo Central Station, Lysaker is served by a mix of Vy express, regional and Oslo Commuter Rail trains, as well as Flytoget. The station is elevated and features two island platforms with four tracks. It's the terminus of the Asker Line.Lysaker was one of two original Drammen Line station in Bærum, opening on 7 October 1872. The original station building, designed by Georg Andreas Bull, burned down in 1914 and was replaced by a new station Adalbert Kielland. In the following years the elevated and double-track layout was introduced. This station arrangement was demolished in 1987 to make way for a station designed by Arne Henriksen. Traditionally only served by commuter trains, the station was branded as Lysaker/Fornebu from 1990 to 2000 because of its vicinity to Oslo Airport, Fornebu. The station was rebuilt again from 2006 to 2009 in which it was expanded from two to four tracks. It became connected to the Asker Line in 2011.Proposals for a railway between Oslo and Drammen were launched in 1864 and planning commenced two years later. This involved deciding upon the location of the stations. Although the idea of placing one at the municipal centre of Sandvika was not met with protest, there was not consensus regarding the other and both Østre Stabekk and Lysaker were proposed. The latter was selected by the municipal council because of its vicinity to the Oslofjord and being located next to a waterfall.
<NBA_Live_09>	NBA Live 09, sometimes called NBA Live 2009, is the 2008 installment in the NBA Live series, developed and published by Electronic Arts. The original release date was October 7, 2008. The game features Tony Parker of the San Antonio Spurs on the cover in most markets. The Wii version of the game, developed by HB Studios, is titled NBA Live 09 All-Play and launched under EA Sports' new All-Play brand exclusive to the platform. This was the final NBA Live game released for the Wii as well as the final game in the series to be generally available on a Nintendo platform.While Parker appears on the cover in the US and most international markets, some international versions feature players from those areas:Dynamic DNA is a new feature in NBA Live 09 for the PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Wii, though it is not available for the PlayStation Portable. It breaks down how a team scores, sets up offense and how individual players go about on offense. It also updates players accessories, haircuts, facial hair changes and shoes. It is updated daily through NBA Live 365. It has been claimed that this new feature adds a more realistic feel to the gameplay featured.
<Portland_Timbers_(2001–10)>	The Portland Timbers were an American professional soccer team based in Portland, Oregon, United States. Founded in 2001, the team played in various leagues at the second tier of the American Soccer Pyramid, including the USL First Division and the USSF Division 2 Professional League, until the end of the 2010 season.On March 20, 2009, Major League Soccer commissioner Don Garber announced an expansion team had been granted to the Portland area and would retain the Timbers name. The new team began play in MLS in 2011.
<Seizure_(film)>	Seizure is a 1974 horror film. It is the directorial debut of Oliver Stone, who also co-wrote the screenplay.Horror writer Edmund Blackstone (Jonathan Frid) sees his recurring nightmare come to chilling life one weekend as one by one, his friends and family are killed by three villains: the Queen of Evil (Martine Beswick), a dwarf named Spider (Hervé Villechaize), and a giant scar-faced strongman called Jackal (Henry Judd Baker).Seizure is the directorial debut of Oliver Stone, who also co-wrote the screenplay. Star Mary Woronov would later claim that one of the film's producers was gangster Michael Thevis, who partially bankrolled the film in an attempt to launder money, as he was under investigation by the FBI.
<Steven_Berkoff>	Steven Berkoff (born Leslie Steven Berks; 3 August 1937) is an English actor, author, playwright, theatre practitioner and theatre director. As a theatre maker he is recognised for staging work with a heightened performance style eponymously known as "Berkovian theatre", which combines elements of physical theatre, total theatre and expressionism. His work has sometimes been viewed as an example of in-yer-face theatre, due to the intense presentation and taboo-breaking material in a number of his plays.
<Radical_Party_(Italy)>	The Radical Party (Italian: Partito Radicale, PR) was a liberal and libertarian political party in Italy. For decades, the Radical Party was a bastion of anti-clericalism, civil libertarianism, feminism, liberalism and radicalism in Italy as well as environmentalism. The party proposed itself as the strongest opposition to the Italian political establishment, seen as corrupt and conservative. Although it never reached high shares of vote and never participated in government, the party had close relations with the other parties of the Italian left—from the Republicans and the Socialists to the Communists and Proletarian Democracy—and opened its ranks also to members of other parties through dual membership.The party's longtime leader was Marco Pannella (1930–2016), who served as a member of the Chamber of Deputies (1976–1994) and the European Parliament (1979–2009), leading the party in most of the elections it contested.
<Stingray_Digital>	Stingray Group Inc. (formerly Stingray Digital and Stingray Digital Group) is a publicly traded Canadian media and entertainment company based in Montreal, Quebec, with offices in the United States, Belgium, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Switzerland, France, Israel, Australia and South Korea. The company broadcasts music and video content on platforms including cable and satellite television, IPTV, Internet, mobile devices and game consoles, and develops customized audio and digital services for retailers, hotels and other commercial clients.Via its broadcasting subsidiary Stingray Radio, it is Canada's second-largest owner of radio stations behind Bell Media Radio.Stingray was founded in May 2007 by Eric Boyko and Alexandre Taillefer, in partnership with Telesystem, following the purchase of karaoke company Soundchoice for $6 million. This gave them a catalogue of karaoke songs and a karaoke channel, allowing them to create The Karaoke Channel (now known as Stingray Karaoke). Later that year, the company acquired cable TV commercial-free music service Galaxie from the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation for $65 million, renaming it Stingray Music. Taillefer exited the company in 2010. In 2011, Stingray acquired Music Choice Europe.
<Alex_Berenson>	Alexander Norman Berenson (born January 6, 1973) is an American writer who was a reporter for The New York Times, and has authored several thriller novels as well a book on corporate financial filings. His 2019 book Tell Your Children: The Truth About Marijuana, Mental Illness and Violence sparked controversy, earning denunciations from many in the scientific and medical communities. During the coronavirus pandemic, Berenson appeared frequently in American right-wing media, spreading false claims about COVID-19 and its vaccines. He spent much of the pandemic arguing that its seriousness was overblown; once COVID-19 vaccines were rolled out, he made false claims about the safety and effectiveness of vaccines.
<Moffat_Communications>	Moffat Communications was a Canadian cable and broadcasting company. Privately owned by the Moffat family, the company was based in Winnipeg, Manitoba. It first went public on the stock market in 1972.In an interview with the Free Press reporter Paul Sullivan in November 1978, Moffat CEO Ronald Moffat predicted that Canada will introduce DBS services by 1983 and will beam superstations across the country.They had 60% interest in Consumer Behavior Centre Inc. of Dallas, Texas, an advertising research subsidiary.
<American_Legion>	The American Legion, commonly known as the Legion, is a non-profit organization of U.S. war veterans headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana. It is made up of state, U.S. territory, and overseas departments, and these are in turn made up of local posts. The organization was formed on March 15, 1919, in Paris, France, by a thousand officers and men of the American Expeditionary Forces (A. E. F.), and it was chartered on September 16, 1919, by the United States Congress.The Legion played the leading role in the drafting and passing of the Servicemen's Readjustment Act of 1944, commonly known as the "G.I. Bill". In addition to organizing commemorative events, members provide assistance at Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) hospitals and clinics. It is active in issue-oriented U.S. politics. Its primary political activity is lobbying on behalf of interests of veterans and service members, including support for benefits such as pensions and the Veterans Health Administration. It has also historically promoted Americanism, individual obligation to the community, state, and nation; peace and good will.
<Glenn_Ford>	Gwyllyn Samuel Newton "Glenn" Ford (May 1, 1916 – August 30, 2006) was a Canadian-American actor who often portrayed ordinary men in unusual circumstances. Ford was most prominent during Hollywood's Golden Age as one of the biggest box-office draws of the 1940s, 1950s, and 1960s, who had a career that lasted more than 50 years. Although he played in many genres of movies, some of his most significant roles were in the film noirs Gilda (1946) and The Big Heat (1953), and the high school angst film Blackboard Jungle (1955). However, it was for comedies or westerns which he received acting laurels, including three Golden Globe Nominations for Best Actor in a Comedy movie, winning for Pocketful of Miracles (1961). He also played a supporting role as Clark Kent's adoptive father, Jonathan Kent, in Superman (1978).Five of his films have been selected for the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically or aesthetically" significant: Gilda (1946), The Big Heat (1953), Blackboard Jungle (1955), 3:10 to Yuma (1957) and Superman (1978).
<Spellbound_Entertainment>	Spellbound Entertainment AG was a German video game developer based in Offenburg. The company is best known for the Desperados series.They also developed Arcania: Gothic 4, part of the Gothic series and later its expansion, Arcania: Fall of Setarrif. It was Spellbound's first entry into the series, which was previously developed by Piranha Bytes.Spellbound was founded in 1994 by Armin Gessert.
<Matt_Wu>	Matt Wu Chung-tien (Chinese: 吳中天; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Ngô͘ Tiong-thian; born July 5, 1981) is a Taiwanese actor, film director and screenwriter.His short film Stairway (四十三階) won Best Asian Short Film Award at the 19th Busan International Film Festival in 2014.In 2006, he co-wrote a book with Kingone Wang titled Men's Talk (型男Talk).
<InfoMás>	InfoMás (better known as Spectrum InfoMás as of September 24, 2017) was an American Spanish-language cable news television channel owned by Charter Communications through its acquisition of Bright House Networks in May 2016. The channel provided 24-hour rolling news coverage focused on the Tampa Bay Area and Central Florida. The channel was carried on Charter Spectrum digital channel 900 and in high definition on digital channel 1900.On October 31, 2017, Charter announced that the network would be shut down within the month of November, as they claimed that Hispanic viewers gravitated towards the traditional English news coverage of Bay News 9 in Tampa and News 13 in Orlando. Most of the existing InfoMás staff were let go. The channel ceased operations on November 20, 2017, and it now says "Este canal ha dejado de estar operativo." ("This channel is no longer in operation.")The channel traced its history to the launches of two separate Spanish language news channels owned by the former Bright House Networks. In Fall 2001, then Bay News 9 General Manager Elliott Wiser announced the creation of a local Spanish news channel. Bay News 9 en Espanol launched in March 2002. It provided news coverage and other news content focused the Tampa Bay area's Hispanic community. It was the first local news channel in the United States to provide local news and weather segments in Spanish 24 hours a day. The success of Bay News 9 En Español, Bright House launched a Spanish-language spin-off of its Orlando-based news channel Central Florida News 13, Central Florida News 13 en Español, in December 2006.
<Rupert_Hill>	Rupert Sinclair Hill (born 15 June 1978) is an English actor. He is known for his roles in several soap operas.Hill started with small roles on television. He appeared in an episode of EastEnders as Robbie's half-brother Kevin Bolton, and also played a part in a music video by the band Haven.
<Cassa_di_Risparmio_del_Friuli_Venezia_Giulia>	Cassa di Risparmio del Friuli Venezia Giulia S.p.A. known as CariFVG in short, was an Italian savings bank based in Gorizia, Friuli – Venezia Giulia region.Cassa di Risparmio di Gorizia was found on 1831 in Gorizia and Gradisca, in the Austrian Empire by the Count Giuseppe/Joseph (della Torre) von Thurn Hofer und Valsassina. Due to Legge Amato, the bank formed a subsidiary Cassa di Risparmio di Gorizia S.p.A. (a company limited by shares; Italian: società per azioni), with the original corporation became a private entity Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Gorizia. (Decree of the Ministry of the Treasury on 26 June 1992; gazetted on 22 July 1992)A predecessor of Cassa di Risparmio di Udine e Pordenone was formed in 1496 as a mount of piety (Italian: monte di pietà), by a Franciscan Domenico da Ponzone, in the Republic of Venice, 34 years after the first recorded mount of Italy was founded in Perugia, by other Franciscans, Bernardine of Feltre and Michele Carcano, in the Papal States.
<Nancy_Kovack>	Nancy Kovack (born March 11, 1935) is a retired American film and television actress.Kovack is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Michael A. Kovack of Flint, Michigan. Her father was the manager of a General Motors plant. She enrolled at the University of Michigan when she was 15 years old and graduated by age 19. She was an active participant in beauty contests, winning eight titles by the time she was 20.[citation needed]After working as a model, Kovack became one of the Glee Girls for Jackie Gleason.
<Mercedes-Benz_W140>	The Mercedes-Benz W140 is a series of flagship vehicles manufactured by Mercedes-Benz from 1991 to 1998 in sedan/saloon and coupe body styles and two wheelbase lengths (SE and SEL). Mercedes-Benz unveiled the W140 S-Class at Geneva Motor Show in March 1991 with sales launch in April 1991 and North American launch on 6 August 1991.All models were renamed in June 1993 as part of the corporate-wide nomenclature changes for 1994 model year on, becoming S regardless of wheelbase length or body style as well as fuel type. Diesel models carried a TURBODIESEL trunk/boot lid label. In 1996, the S-Class coupé was renamed again as CL-Class into its own model range.The W140 series S-Class was superseded by the W220 S-Class sedan and C215 CL-Class coupé in 1998 after an eight-year production run.
<William_Marlowe>	William Marlowe (25 July 1930 – 31 January 2003) was a British theatre, television and film actor.He served in the Fleet Air Arm and hoped for a career as a writer before training as an actor at RADA. He was cast in A Family at War (1970–72), as Harry Mailer in the Doctor Who serial The Mind of Evil (1971), as Sir Guy of Gisbourne in The Legend of Robin Hood (1975), as Brian Kettle in Rooms (1977), and as DCI Bill Russell in The Gentle Touch (1980–84).
<José_Antonio_Llamas>	José Antonio Llamas Martínez (born 28 February 1985) is a Spanish footballer who plays for UE Sant Andreu as a right back.Spain U17
<Lauren_Shuler_Donner>	Lauren Diane Shuler Donner (born June 23, 1949) is an American film producer, who specializes in mainstream youth and family-oriented entertainment. She owned The Donners' Company with her late husband,  director Richard Donner. Her films have grossed about $5.5 billion worldwide including major contributions from the X-Men film series.Donner was born and raised in Cleveland, Ohio. She studied film at Boston University, specializing in production and editing. Following the advice of a teacher, she moved to Los Angeles in hopes of entering the entertainment industry.
<Presidential_Palace,_Helsinki>	The Presidential Palace (Finnish: Presidentinlinna, Swedish: Presidentens slott) is one of the three official residences of the President of the Republic of Finland. It is situated in Helsinki, on the north side of Esplanadi, overlooking Market Square.At the beginning of the 19th century, a salt storehouse stood on the site. Johan Henrik Heidenstrauch [fi], then one of the elite of Helsinki's merchants, purchased the entire lot and erected between 1816 and 1820 a stately residence designed by architect Pehr Granstedt [fi]. The Heidenstrauch House resembled a palace more than a merchant's house. In 1837 it actually became a palace when it was purchased for the price of 170 000 rubles to be converted into a residence for the Governor-General of Finland. However, Nicholas I desired that it should become the official residence in Helsinki of the Emperor of Russia, the Grand Duke of Finland, and so the building became the Imperial Palace in Helsinki.The necessary rebuilding and furnishing work, carried out between 1843 and 1845, was directed by architect Carl Ludvig Engel, the creator of neoclassical Helsinki and, after his death, by his son, Carl Alexander. Giacomo Quarenghi also looked over the plans. All the timber storehouses behind were torn down and a new wing added. This wing, built along the north of the courtyard, contained on the second floor the chapel (the present library), ballroom, banquet hall in direct connection with the earlier reception floor of the main building, as well as a kitchen.
<Rebecca_Pidgeon>	Rebecca Pidgeon (born October 10, 1965) is an American actress who has appeared on stage and in feature films, and a singer, songwriter and recording artist. She is married to American playwright David Mamet.Pidgeon was born to English parents in Cambridge, Massachusetts, while her father, Carl R. Pidgeon, was a visiting professor at MIT. Her mother, Elaine, is a yoga teacher. Her paternal grandmother, Monica Pidgeon, the editor of Architectural Design, was the sister of artist Olga Lehmann and academic Andrew George Lehmann.
<Daniel_Levitin>	Daniel Joseph Levitin, FRSC (born December 27, 1957) is an American-Canadian cognitive psychologist, neuroscientist, writer, musician, and record producer. He is the author of four New York Times best-selling books, including This Is Your Brain on Music: The Science of a Human Obsession, (Dutton/Penguin 2006; Plume/Penguin 2007) which has sold more than 1 million copies.Levitin is James McGill Professor Emeritus of psychology, behavioral neuroscience and music at McGill University in Montreal, Quebec, Canada; Founding Dean of Arts & Humanities at The Minerva Schools at KGI; and a Distinguished Faculty Fellow at the Haas School of Business, University of California at Berkeley. He is Director of the Laboratory for Music Perception, Cognition, and Expertise at McGill. He is a former member of the Board of Governors of the Grammys, a consultant to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, an elected fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, a fellow of the Association for Psychological Science, a fellow of the Psychonomic Society, and a fellow of the Royal Society of Canada (FRSC). He has appeared frequently as a guest commentator on NPR and CBC. He has published scientific articles on absolute pitch, music cognition, neuroanatomy and directional statistics.
<Studio_Ghibli>	Studio Ghibli Inc. (Japanese: 株式会社スタジオジブリ, Hepburn: Kabushiki-gaisha Sutajio Jiburi) is a Japanese animation studio headquartered in Koganei, Tokyo. It is best known for its animated feature films, and has also produced several short subjects, television commercials, and two television films. Its mascot and most recognizable symbol is a character named Totoro, a giant spirit inspired by raccoon dogs (tanuki) and cats from the 1988 anime film My Neighbor Totoro. Among the studio's highest-grossing films are Spirited Away (2001), Howl's Moving Castle (2004) and Ponyo (2008). The studio was founded on June 15, 1985, by directors Hayao Miyazaki and Isao Takahata and producer Toshio Suzuki, after the successful performance of Topcraft's Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind (1984). It has also collaborated with video game studios on the visual development of several games.Five of the studio's films are among the ten highest-grossing anime feature films made in Japan. Spirited Away is second, grossing 31.68 billion yen in Japan and over US$380 million worldwide; and Princess Mononoke is fourth, grossing 20.18 billion yen. Many of their works have won the Animage Grand Prix award. Four have won the Japan Academy Prize for Animation of the Year. Five of their films have received Academy Award nominations. Spirited Away won the 2002 Golden Bear and the 2003 Academy Award for Best Animated Feature.
<Jeffrey_Stone>	Jeffrey Stone (December 16, 1926 – August 22, 2012) was an American actor and voice-over artist. Stone was the model and inspiration for Prince Charming in the 1950 Walt Disney animated feature film, Cinderella. While he did not voice the character in the film, Stone did provide some of the film's additional voices.Stone was born John Forrest Fontaine on December 16, 1926, in Detroit, Michigan. He was raised in an Indiana orphanage throughout most of his early life after the death of his father. He enlisted in the United States Navy during World War II. His first marriage, in 1947, to actress Barbara Lawrence ended in divorce the following year. Stone was then married to his second wife, Corinne Calvet, a French actress, from 1955 to 1960, with whom he had one child. In 1965, he married Christina Lee, but they divorced in 1972.After minor uncredited appearances in a pair of 1948 movies, Stone earned his first credit, under the stage name John Fontaine, with a voice role in Cinderella in 1950. His next film, and first credited on screen role, was the 1952 film Army Bound, again as John Fontaine. He then appeared in three films released in 1953—Fighter Attack, Bad for Each Other, starring Charlton Heston, and Wonder Valley—as well as the 1954 film noir, Drive a Crooked Road. During the later 1950s, Stone co-starred in Edge of Hell in 1956 and Zsa Zsa Gabor's The Girl in the Kremlin in 1957. He then appeared in four films released in 1958: The Big Beat, Damn Citizen, The Thing That Couldn't Die and Money, Women and Guns.
<Alpha_Bank>	Alpha Bank is the second largest Greek bank by total assets, and the largest by market capitalization of €2.13 billion (as of 4 December 2018). It has a subsidiary and branch in London, England and subsidiaries in Albania, Cyprus and Romania. Founded in 1879, it has been controlled by the Costopoulos family since its inception.[citation needed] Most recently, Ioannis Costopoulos, grandson of original founder John F. Costopoulos, and nephew of Stavros Costopoulos, foreign minister in the government of Georgios Papandreou, served in many important capacities before his death March 9, 2021."en".In 1879, John F. Costopoulos established a small commercial firm in the city of Kalamata. The banking department of the "J.F. Costopoulos" firm changed its name to Bank of Kalamata in 1918. The bank moved its headquarters to Athens and changed its name to Banque de Credit Commercial Hellenique in 1924, and on 2 November 1925 the bank was listed on the Athens Exchange.
<Rosalba_Ciarlini>	Rosalba Scotia Ciarlini Rosado (Mossoró, October 26, 1952) is a medical doctor and Brazilian politician. Affiliated with the PP, she was the governor of the state of Rio Grande do Norte.Rosalba Ciarlini was born on October 26, 1952 in Mossoró, Ciarlini is of Italian descent, and granddaughter of Italian Pietro Ciarlini, one of the first professional soccer players in Rio Grande do Norte. Rosalba is a pediatrician with a degree from Federal University of Rio Grande do Norte. She was president of the branch of Unimed in Mossoró.She is married to Carlos Augusto Rosado, son of former Governor Dix-Sept Rosado and has four children: Lorraine, Charles Edward, Karla and Marlos. Her husband's sister, Ruth Ciarlini, was a state representative and is now deputy mayor of Mossoró.
<Alfred_Hickman>	Alfred Hickman (25 February 1873 – 9 April 1931) was an English actor. He was married to actress Nance O'Neil. He appeared in 35 films between 1914 and 1931.
<Frank_Whittle>	Air Commodore Sir Frank Whittle, OM, KBE, CB, FRS, FRAeS (1 June 1907 – 8 August 1996) was an English engineer, inventor and Royal Air Force (RAF) air officer. He is credited with inventing the turbojet engine. A patent was submitted by Maxime Guillaume in 1921 for a similar invention which was technically unfeasible at the time. Whittle's jet engines were developed some years earlier than those of Germany's Hans von Ohain, who designed the first-to-fly (but never operational) turbojet engine.Whittle demonstrated an aptitude for engineering and an interest in flying from an early age. At first he was turned down by the RAF but, determined to join the force, he overcame his physical limitations and was accepted and sent to No. 2 School of Technical Training to join No 1 Squadron of Cranwell Aircraft Apprentices. He was taught the theory of aircraft engines and gained practical experience in the engineering workshops. His academic and practical abilities as an Aircraft Apprentice earned him a place on the officer training course at Cranwell. He excelled in his studies and became an accomplished pilot. While writing his thesis he formulated the fundamental concepts that led to the creation of the turbojet engine, taking out a patent on his design in 1930. His performance on an officers' engineering course earned him a place on a further course at Peterhouse, Cambridge, where he graduated with a First.
<Charles_Kennedy>	Charles Peter Kennedy (25 November 1959 – 1 June 2015) was a British Liberal Democrat politician who served as Leader of the Liberal Democrats from 1999 to 2006, and was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Ross, Skye and Lochaber from 1983 to 2015.Kennedy was elected to the House of Commons in 1983, and after the Alliance parties merged, became president of the Liberal Democrats and, following the resignation of Paddy Ashdown, leader of the Liberal Democrats. He led the party in the 2001 and 2005 general elections, increasing its number of seats in the House of Commons to their highest level since 1923, and led his party's opposition to the Iraq War. A charismatic and affable speaker in public, he appeared extensively on television during his leadership.
<Manuel_Diego_Tello>	Manuel Diego Tello Jorge (born 16 February 1984 in Madrid) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CDA Navalcarnero as a midfielder.Spain U20
<Lois_Weber>	Florence Lois Weber (June 13, 1879 – November 13, 1939) was an American silent film actress, screenwriter, producer and director. She is identified in some historical references as among "the most important and prolific film directors in the era of silent films".Film historian Anthony Slide has also asserted, "Along with D. W. Griffith, Weber was the American cinema's first genuine auteur, a filmmaker involved in all aspects of production and one who utilized the motion picture to put across her own ideas and philosophies".Weber produced a body of work which has been compared to Griffith's in both quantity and quality and brought to the screen her concerns for humanity and social justice in an estimated 200 to 400 films, of which as few as twenty have been preserved.She has been credited by IMDb with directing 135 films, writing 114, and acting in 100.Weber was "one of the first directors to come to the attention of the censors in Hollywood's early years".
<Sacha_Guitry>	Alexandre-Pierre Georges "Sacha" Guitry (French: [gitʁi]; 21 February 1885 – 24 July 1957) was a French stage actor, film actor, director, screenwriter, and playwright of the boulevard theatre. He was the son of a leading French actor, Lucien Guitry, and followed his father into the theatrical profession. He became known for his stage performances, particularly in boulevardier roles. He was also a prolific playwright, writing 115 plays throughout his career. He was married five times, always to rising actresses whose careers he furthered. Probably his best-known wife was Yvonne Printemps to whom he was married between 1919 and 1932.Guitry's plays range from historical dramas to contemporary light comedies. Some have musical scores, by composers including André Messager and Reynaldo Hahn. When silent films became popular Guitry avoided them, finding the lack of spoken dialogue fatal to dramatic impact. From the 1930s to the end of his life he enthusiastically embraced the cinema, making as many as five films in a single year.
<Nathan_Ashton>	Nathan Wesley Ashton (born 30 January 1987 in Beckton, London) is an English footballer who last played for Isthmian League club Tilbury. He is an ex-England youth international, who had several call-ups to the England Under-20 squad.In the early part of the 2004–05 season, Ashton had an ankle injury, but having shaken this off, he made his first appearances for Charlton Athletic's youth team in the 2005–06 season. Having been named on the bench the previous match, Nathan made his first-team debut in the League Cup against Carlisle United on 19 September 2006.
<Paterson,_New_Jersey>	Paterson (/ˈpætərsən/ PAT-ər-sən) is the largest city in and the county seat of Passaic County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey. As of the 2020 United States census, its population was 159,732, rendering it New Jersey's third-most-populous city. The Census Bureau's Population Estimates Program calculated that the city's population was 157,794 in 2021, ranking the city as the 163rd-most-populous in the country.Paterson is known as the Silk City for its dominant role in silk production during the latter half of the 19th century. It has since evolved into a major destination for Hispanic immigrants as well as for immigrants from Turkey, the Arab world, and South Asia. Paterson has the nation's second-largest per capita Muslim population, and between 75 and 100 languages are spoken in Paterson, many of them Arabic dialects.
<Franchot_Tone>	Stanislaus Pascal Franchot Tone (February 27, 1905 – September 18, 1968) was an American actor, producer, and director of stage, film and television. He was a leading man in the 1930s and early 1940s, and at the height of his career was known for his gentlemanly sophisticate roles, with supporting roles by the 1950s. His acting crossed many genres including pre-Code romantic leads to noir layered roles and many World War I films. He appeared as a guest star in episodes of several golden age television series, including The Twilight Zone and The Alfred Hitchcock Hour while continuing to act and produce in the theater and movies throughout the 1960s.Tone was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor for his role as Midshipman Roger Byam in Mutiny on the Bounty (1935), along with his co-stars Clark Gable and Charles Laughton, making it the only film to have three simultaneous Best Actor nominations, and leading to the creation of the Best Supporting Actor category.
<Kevin_Peter_Hall>	Kevin Peter Hall (May 9, 1955 – April 10, 1991) was an American actor. Hall stood 7 feet 2 inches (2.18 metres) tall, and frequently played monster characters during his career. He was the original title character in the science fiction Predator franchise, appearing in the first 1987 film and its 1990 sequel. Hall also portrayed the eponymous Harry in the fantasy comedy film Harry and the Hendersons (1987), a role he reprised for the first season of NBC's television adaptation (1990–1991). His human roles included Dr. Elvin "El" Lincoln on the NBC science fiction series Misfits of Science (1985–1986) and Warren Merriwether on the sitcom 227 (1989–1990).Hall was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Hall came from a tall family. His father, Charles Hall, stood 6 ft 6 in (1.98 m), and his mother, Sylvia, stood 6 ft 2 in (1.88 m). At 7 ft 2 in (2.18 m), Hall was the tallest of his brothers, all of whom were at least 6 ft 5 in (1.96 m) tall.
<Freightliner_Trucks>	Freightliner Trucks is a US semi truck manufacturer.  Founded in 1929 as the truck-manufacturing division of Consolidated Freightways (from which it derives its name), the company was established in 1942 as Freightliner Corporation.  Owned by Daimler AG from 1981 to 2021, Freightliner is now a part of Daimler Truck subsidiary Daimler Truck North America (along with Western Star, Detroit Diesel, and Thomas Built Buses).Freightliner produces a range of vans, medium-duty trucks, and heavy-duty trucks; under its Freightliner Custom Chassis subsidiary, the company produces bare chassis and cutaway chassis for multiple types of vehicles.   The company popularized the use of cabover (COE) semitractors, with the Freightliner Argosy later becoming the final example of the type sold in North America.
<Danger_Mouse_(1981_TV_series)>	Danger Mouse is a British animated television series produced by Cosgrove Hall Films for Thames Television. It features the eponymous Danger Mouse who worked as a secret agent and is a parody of British spy fiction, particularly the Danger Man series and James Bond. It originally ran from 28 September 1981 to 19 March 1992 on the ITV network.The series spawned a spin-off show, Count Duckula, which aired between 1988 and 1993, and an updated series, under the same name, began airing in September 2015 on CBBC.
<Ferrovie_dello_Stato_Italiane>	Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane S.p.A. (lit. "Italian Railways of the State"; previously only Ferrovie dello Stato, hence the abbreviation FS) is Italy's national state-owned railway holding company that manages transport, infrastructure, real estate services and other services in Italy and other European countries.The company was instituted by an act on 22 April 1905, taking control over the majority of the national railways, which up until that time were privately owned and managed. The president was nominated by the government. The first Director General was Riccardo Bianchi.In June 1912 Ferrovie dello Stato owned 5021 steam locomotives, 151 railcars, 10,037 coaches, 3371  baggage cars and 92,990 goods wagons.
<Lincoln_Hurring>	Lincoln Norman William Hurring (15 September 1931 – 21 April 1993) was a swimmer from New Zealand. He won two silver medals at the 1954 British Empire Games, in the 110 yards backstroke and in the 330 yards medley relay. He also competed in the 100 m backstroke at the 1952 and 1956 Olympics. Hurring became a swimming coach, and gave TV commentaries on several Olympics.Hurring was born in Dunedin in 1931. In 1957 he married fellow swimmer Jean Stewart, who won an Olympic bronze medal in the 100 metres backstroke in 1952. Their son, Gary Hurring, also became an Olympic swimmer, and their daughter Kim, a television reporter.
<Marie_Curie>	Marie Salomea Skłodowska–Curie (/ˈkjʊəri/ KURE-ee, French pronunciation: ​[maʁi kyʁi], Polish pronunciation: [ˈmarja skwɔˈdɔfska kʲiˈri]; born Maria Salomea Skłodowska, Polish: [ˈmarja salɔˈmɛa skwɔˈdɔfska]; 7 November 1867 – 4 July 1934) was a Polish and naturalized-French physicist and chemist who conducted pioneering research on radioactivity. She was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize, the first person and the only woman to win a Nobel Prize twice, and the only person to win a Nobel Prize in two scientific fields. Her husband, Pierre Curie, was a co-winner on her first Nobel Prize, making them the first ever married couple to win the Nobel Prize and launching the Curie family legacy of five Nobel Prizes. She was, in 1906, the first woman to become a professor at the University of Paris.She was born in Warsaw, in what was then the Kingdom of Poland, part of the Russian Empire. She studied at Warsaw's clandestine Flying University and began her practical scientific training in Warsaw. In 1891, aged 24, she followed her elder sister Bronisława to study in Paris, where she earned her higher degrees and conducted her subsequent scientific work. In 1895 she married the French physicist Pierre Curie, and she shared the 1903 Nobel Prize in Physics with him and with the physicist Henri Becquerel for their pioneering work developing the theory of "radioactivity"—a term she coined. In 1906 Pierre Curie died in a Paris street accident. Marie won the 1911 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for her discovery of the elements polonium and radium, using techniques she invented for isolating radioactive isotopes.
<Ventura,_California>	Ventura, officially named San Buenaventura (Spanish for "Saint Bonaventure"), is a city on the Southern Coast of California and the county seat of Ventura County. The population was 110,763 at the 2020 census. Ventura is a popular tourist destination, owing to its historic landmarks, beaches, and resorts.Ventura was founded by the Spanish in 1782, when Saint Junípero Serra established Mission San Buenaventura. Following the Mexican secularization of the Californian missions, San Buenaventura was granted by Governor Pío Pico to Don José de Arnaz as Rancho Ex-Mission San Buenaventura and a small community arose. Following the American Conquest of California, San Buenaventura eventually incorporated as a city in 1866. The 1920s brought a major oil boom, which along with the post–World War II economic expansion, significantly developed and expanded Ventura.
<Allan_C._Spradling>	Allan C. Spradling is an American scientist and principal investigator at the Carnegie Institution for Science and the Howard Hughes Medical Institute who studies egg development in the model organism, Drosophila melanogaster, a fruit fly. He is considered a leading researcher in the developmental genetics of the fruit fly egg and has developed a number of techniques in his career that have led to greater understanding of fruit fly genetics including contributions to sequencing its genome. He is also an adjunct professor at Johns Hopkins University and at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine.Spradling obtained an A.B. in physics from the University of Chicago and a Ph.D. in cell biology from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.Spradling and fellow American geneticist Gerald M. Rubin are considered pioneers in the field of genetics for their work in the early 1980s with their idea to "attach" a gene to a Drosophila transposon, P elements, known to insert itself into fruit fly's chromosomes. From this research came work from other scientists on transposons as a tool for genetic alterations in organisms.
<Park_Ye-jin>	Park Ye-jin (born April 1, 1981) is a South Korean actress.Park Ye-jin made her acting debut in the 1999 horror film Memento Mori, then appeared in leading and supporting roles in several TV series and films, notably What Happened in Bali and Again, My Love (also known as Hateful But Once Again). But her popularity increased when she became a regular cast member on the first season of variety show Family Outing, in which she showed a different image and earned the nickname "sweet, yet scary, Ye-jin." In 2009, Park left the show because of her hectic schedule filming the period drama Queen Seondeok and the movie Fortune Salon.After she was cast as Genghis Khan's wife Khulan in the Korea-China-Japan 3D martial arts pic An End to Killing, Park starred in the fantasy romance I Love Lee Tae-ri.
<Vivian_Pickles>	Vivian Pickles (born 21 October 1931) is an English actress.Pickles began her career as a child star after being chosen by Mary Field for a series of Saturday Morning children's films, including the lead roles in Jean's Plan (1944) and the serial The Adventures of Peter Joe (1945). 
<Whig_Party_(United_States)>	The Whig Party was a political party in the United States during the middle of the 19th century. Alongside the slightly larger Democratic Party, it was one of the two major parties in the United States between the late 1830s and the early 1850s as part of the Second Party System. Four presidents were affiliated with the Whig Party for at least part of their terms. Other influential party leaders that were members of the Whigs include Henry Clay, Daniel Webster, William Seward, John J. Crittenden, and John Quincy Adams. The Whig base of support was centered among entrepreneurs, professionals, planters, social reformers, devout Protestants, and the emerging urban middle class. It had much less backing from poor farmers and unskilled workers.   The party was critical of Manifest Destiny, territorial expansion into Texas and the Southwest, and the Mexican-American War. It disliked strong presidential power as exhibited by Jackson and Polk, and preferred Congressional dominance in lawmaking. Members advocated modernization, meritocracy, the rule of law, protections against majority tyranny, and vigilance against executive tyranny. They favored an economic program known as the American System, which called for a protective tariff, federal subsidies for the construction of infrastructure, and support for a national bank. The party was active in both the Northern United States and the Southern United States and did not take a strong stance on slavery, but Northern Whigs tended to be less supportive than their Democratic counterparts.  
<Harald_Sund>	Harald Thorbjørn Sund (February 16, 1876 – April 9, 1940) was a Norwegian architect, artist and illustrator.Sund was born at Sund in the parish of Gildeskål in Nordland, Norway. Sund studied architectural engineering at Trondheim Technical College (Trondhjems Tekniske Læreanstalt), graduating in 1897.  He studied architecture while traveling through Italy, Belgium and France. He followed with 16 years of study and work in England. From 1916 until from 1937, he established himself as an architect in Kristiania (now Oslo).In collaboration with August Nielsen, the architect and head of planning in Aker, he designed a number of churches and other buildings throughout Norway during the first years of the 1900s. Among their works were Majorstuen Church (Majorstuen kirke) which was designed in the style of Classicism with influences of art deco and neo-baroque (1926). Among other things, they were invited to draw up plans for district housing and won the competition for the Fredrikstad Library (Fredrikstad bibliotek).
<Albert_Gould>	Sir Albert John Gould, VD (12 February 1847 – 27 July 1936) was an Australian politician and solicitor who served as the second president of the Australian Senate.A solicitor, businessman and citizen soldier before his entry into politics, Gould was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1882 to 1898, during which time he served as Minister for Justice in two Free Trade governments. He later served two years in the New South Wales Legislative Council from 1899 to 1901 until his election to the Australian Senate. Gould's interest in parliamentary procedure saw him become involved with the relevant standing committee and he was elected unopposed as the second President of the Senate in 1907. His tenure is remembered as more traditionalist and Anglophilic than his predecessor's.
<Bob_Stump_(U.S._Congressman)>	Robert Lee Stump (April 4, 1927 – June 20, 2003) was an American politician who served as a U.S. Congressman from Arizona. He served as a member from the Democratic Party from 1977 to 1983 and then later a member of the Republican Party until the end of his tenure as congressman.Stump was born in Phoenix, and was a U.S. Navy World War II combat veteran, where he served on the USS Tulagi from 1943 to 1946. He graduated from Tolleson Union High School in 1947, and Arizona State University in 1951 where he was a member of the Delta Chi fraternity. He owned a cotton and grain farm in the Phoenix suburb of Tolleson for many years.
<Lew_Wallace>	Lewis Wallace (April 10, 1827 – February 15, 1905) was an American lawyer, Union general in the American Civil War, governor of the New Mexico Territory, politician, diplomat, and author from Indiana. Among his novels and biographies, Wallace is best known for his historical adventure story, Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ (1880), a bestselling novel that has been called "the most influential Christian book of the nineteenth century."Wallace's military career included service in the Mexican–American War and the American Civil War. He was appointed Indiana's adjutant general and commanded the 11th Indiana Infantry Regiment. Wallace, who attained the rank of major general, participated in the Battle of Fort Donelson, the Battle of Shiloh, and the Battle of Monocacy. He also served on the military commission for the trials of the Lincoln assassination conspirators, and presided over the trial of Henry Wirz, the Confederate commandant of the Andersonville prison camp.
<Ben_Crenshaw>	Ben Daniel Crenshaw (born January 11, 1952) is a retired American professional golfer who has won 19 events on the PGA Tour, including two major championships: the Masters Tournament in 1984 and 1995. He is nicknamed Gentle Ben.Born in Austin, Texas, Crenshaw attended and played golf at Austin High School and the University of Texas, where he won three NCAA Championships from 1971 to 1973. Crenshaw was also a member of the Kappa Alpha Order fraternity; he turned professional in 1973.
<Martin_Schenkel>	Martin Schenkel (25 April 1968 – 27 March 2003) was a Swiss television actor and musician starring usually in Swiss German television productions.Martin Schenkel was born in Basel and after high school attended the University of the Arts Bern in Bern to study drama. He then moved to Germany for an engagement at the State Theater, Karlsruhe. His most popular role is the character of Flip in the Swiss comedy serial Fascht e Familie in the 1990s, where he had to break for reasons of health. Thenafter, Martin Schenkel was involved Lüthi und Blanc from 1999 to 2003 and contributed its theme "Whenever". He also became successful as a pop musician. Martin Schenkel died on 27 March 2003 in Zermatt after a brief illness.
<Bob_Hope>	Leslie Townes "Bob" Hope KBE KC*SG  (May 29, 1903 – July 27, 2003) was a British-American comedian, vaudevillian, actor, singer and dancer. With a career that spanned nearly 80 years, Hope appeared in more than 70 short and feature films, with 54 feature films with Hope as star, including a series of seven Road to ... musical comedy films with Bing Crosby as Hope's top-billed partner.In addition to hosting the Academy Awards show 19 times, more than any other host, Hope appeared in many stage productions and television roles and wrote 14 books. The song "Thanks for the Memory" was his signature tune.
<Priya_Bapat>	Priya Bapat (born 18 September 1986) is an Indian actress who works in Hindi and Marathi films. She is best known for her roles in the movies Kaksparsh and Aamhi Doghi, for which she won the Best Actress award at the Screen Awards in 2013, and Happy Journey, for which she won the Best Actress Maharashtra State Award and was nominated in the Best Actress category at the Marathi Filmfare Awards in 2014. The actress has also collaborated with her elder sister Shweta Bapat, a costume designer, to help the Indian weaver community through their clothing venture "Sawenchi".Bapat was born on 18 September 1986 in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India. She completed her bachelor's degree in Mass Communication from Ruia College.[citation needed] She married fellow actor Umesh Kamat in 2011.
<Uniface_(company)>	Uniface, a Rocket Software company, is a software development company, located in Amsterdam, Netherlands. It develops the Uniface programming language. The company has around 70 employees and 1600 customers. Telmex, Kawasaki, Airbus or FedEx are Uniface's customers. Uniface was bought by Compuware on 1994. After 20 years the company has been sold to Marlin Equity Partners. At its peak, the company had offices in Amsterdam, Sydney, Vienna, Brussels, São Paulo, Montreal, Paris, Munich, Dublin, Tokyo, Barcelona, Maidenhead and Detroit.Uniface is a development tool for companies, an IDE, integrating web, mobile and cloud based on the Uniface programming language. This software is distributed on a server based system that licenses to clients on demand. The last version of the product is Uniface 10. In the past it was possible to develop on Apple and DEC platforms, but now only Windows is supported.The programming language Uniface was called UNIS originally and it was developed in the Netherlands in 1984 by Inside Automation. Two years later, the product was launched to the public as Uniface 3, and the company name was changed to Uniface B.V.  In 1994, the company was bought by Compuware Corporation. That same year Uniface Six, the first version that used a GUI, was launched. Uniface's rapid deployment platform kept on evolving and in 2012 Uniface 9.6 was launched. One of the first intelligent development platforms that we now call low code. In 2014 the company was acquired by Martin Equity Partners, and became Uniface B.V. again. In 2016 Uniface 10 was launched. In February 2021 Uniface was acquired by Rocket Software to become part of the Business Line Database & Connectivity. The latest release is Rocket® Uniface 10.4 (Sept 2021).
<Spain_national_under-21_football_team>	The Spain national under-21 football team is the national under-21 football team of Spain and is controlled by the Royal Spanish Football Federation. The team, nicknamed La Rojita (The Little Red [One]), competes in the biennial UEFA European Under-21 Championship.Following the realignment of UEFA's youth competitions in 1976, the Spain under-21 team was formed. Spain has a strong record (competition winners five times and runners-up twice); having consecutively won the 2011 and 2013 Championships. They hold the joint record with Italy for the most wins of the competition.Since the under-21 competition rules insist that players must be 21 or under at the start of a two-year competition, technically it is an U-23 competition. For this reason, Spain's brief record in the preceding U-23 competitions is also shown, though in actuality, Spain played only three competitive U-23 matches. The first was in the "under-23 Challenge", which they lost, while the next two were in a two-team qualification "group" for the 1972 competition (facing the Soviet Union team, they lost 2–1 at home then drew 1–1 away and failed to qualify. Spain did not enter a team in the other two U-23 competitions, but have been ever present in under-21 competitions).
<Rayo_Vallecano_B>	Rayo Vallecano de Madrid B is the reserve team of Rayo Vallecano, a Spanish football club based in the Madrid neighbourhood of Vallecas. Founded in 1973 and plays in Tercera Federación – Group 7, holding home matches at Ciudad Deportiva Rayo Vallecano, with a 2,500-seat capacity.Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
<Eurobank_Ergasias>	The Eurobank Group is a financial organisation that operates in Greece, Cyprus, Luxembourg, Serbia, Bulgaria and UK. As of December 2018, the Eurobank Group counts, €58 billion in assets, 653 customer service locations in Greece and abroad, and 13,162 employees.The Euromerchant Bank SA (Ευρωεπενδυτική Τράπεζα ΑΕ, lit. transl. euro-investment bank) was founded in 1990. It took over 75% of EFG Private Bank (Luxembourg) S.A.'s operations, which was integrated into it 1994. Acquisitions in Greece included Interbank Greece S.A. in 1996-97 and the branch network of Credit Lyonnais Greece S.A., 99.8% of Cretabank in 1998, Bank of Athens in 1999 and 50.1% of Ergobank.In 1997, the Euromerchant Bank SA changed its name to EFG Eurobank S.A. and in 2000 to EFG Eurobank Ergasias S.A. after taking over the renowned Ergasias Bank. A financial products subsidiary was founded in 2007 (49.9% owned by employees). In 2012, the bank sold 70% of the Polish branches called Polbank to Raiffeisen Bank International.
<Carlos_I._Noriega>	Carlos Ismael Noriega (born 8 October 1959) is a Peruvian-American NASA employee, a former NASA astronaut and a retired U.S. Marine Corps lieutenant colonel.Noriega was a member of the Naval ROTC unit at the University of Southern California and received his commission in the United States Marine Corps in 1981. Following graduation from flight school, he flew CH-46 Sea Knight helicopters with HMM-165 from 1983 to 1985 at Marine Corps Air Station Kaneohe Bay, Hawaii. Noriega made two 6-month shipboard deployments in the West Pacific/Indian Ocean, including operations in support of the Multinational Peacekeeping Force in Beirut, Lebanon. He completed his tour in Hawaii as the Base Operations Officer for Marine Air Base Squadron 24. In 1986, he was transferred to MCAS Tustin, California, where he served as the aviation safety officer and instructor pilot with HMT-301. In 1988, Noriega was selected to attend the Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey, California, where he earned two master of science degrees. Upon graduation in September 1990, he was assigned to United States Space Command in Colorado Springs, Colorado. In addition to serving as a Space Surveillance Center Commander, he was responsible for several software development projects and was ultimately the command representative for the development and integration of the major space and missile warning computer system upgrades for Cheyenne Mountain Air Force Station. At the time of his selection, he was serving on the staff of the 1st Marine Aircraft Wing in Okinawa, Japan.He has logged approximately 2,200 flight hours in various fixed-wing and rotary-wing aircraft.
<Naked_Lunch>	Naked Lunch (sometimes The Naked Lunch) is a 1959 novel by American writer William S. Burroughs. The book is structured as a series of loosely connected vignettes, intended by Burroughs to be read in any order. The reader follows the narration of junkie William Lee, who takes on various aliases, from the U.S. to Mexico, eventually to Tangier and the dreamlike Interzone.The vignettes (which Burroughs called "routines") are drawn from Burroughs' own experiences in these places and his addiction to drugs: heroin, morphine and, while in Tangier, majoun (a strong hashish confection), as well as a German opioid with the brand name Eukodol (oxycodone), of which he wrote frequently.The novel was included in Time 's "100 Best English-language Novels from 1923 to 2005". In 1991, David Cronenberg directed a film of the same name based on the novel and other Burroughs writings.
<Andrew_Jackson>	Andrew Jackson (March 15, 1767 – June 8, 1845) was an American lawyer, planter, general, and statesman who served as the seventh president of the United States from 1829 to 1837. Before being elected to the presidency, he gained fame as a general in the United States Army and served in both houses of the U.S. Congress. Although often praised as an advocate for ordinary Americans and for his work in preserving the union of states, Jackson has also been criticized for his racial policies, particularly his treatment of Native Americans.Jackson was born in the colonial Carolinas before the American Revolutionary War. He became a frontier lawyer and married Rachel Donelson Robards. He served briefly in the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate, representing Tennessee. After resigning, he served as a justice on the Tennessee Supreme Court from 1798 until 1804. Jackson purchased a property later known as the Hermitage, becoming a wealthy planter who owned hundreds of African American slaves. In 1801, he was appointed colonel of the Tennessee militia and was elected its commander the following year. He led troops during the Red Stick War of 1813–1814, winning the Battle of Horseshoe Bend. The subsequent Treaty of Fort Jackson required the Creek to surrender vast tracts of present-day Alabama and Georgia. In the concurrent war against the British, Jackson's victory at the Battle of New Orleans in 1815 made him a national hero. He later commanded U.S. forces in the First Seminole War, which led to the annexation of Florida from Spain. Jackson briefly served as Florida's first territorial governor before returning to the Senate. He ran for president in 1824, winning a plurality of the popular and electoral vote, but no candidate won an electoral majority. In a contingent election, the House of Representatives elected John Quincy Adams with Henry Clay's support. Jackson's supporters alleged that there was a "corrupt bargain" between Adams and Clay and began creating their own political organization that would eventually become the Democratic Party.
<David_France_(writer)>	David France (born 1959) is an American investigative reporter, non-fiction author, and filmmaker. He is a former Newsweek senior editor, and has published in New York magazine, The New Yorker, The New York Times Magazine, GQ, and others. France, who is gay, is best known for his investigative journalism on LGBTQ topics.He has been nominated for an Oscar and multiple Emmys, and has received two George Foster Peabody awards, a Lambda Literary Award, and the Baillie Gifford Prize for nonfiction.
<Roy_W._Hill>	Roy William Hill (December 1, 1899 – February 14, 1986)  was an automobile dealer, philanthropist, and early trustee and benefactor of Eisenhower Medical Center.Hill was the son of Maurice C. Hill, a sheet metal worker, and Bulah A. Hill.Hill spent 25 years with General Motors, initially in Dallas, a period in which promotions and assignments sent him to various U.S. cities. He rose to be Dallas Regional Manager for Chevrolet and testified for the company in a 1939 antitrust suit. He resigned to establish his own retail automobile business and extended the business to nine Texas cities, New Mexico and California. In 1964, the Custom Tailors Guild of America named Hill as one of America's ten best-dressed men, along with Chicago Mayor Richard J. Daley.
<Tsinghua_Holdings>	Tsinghua Holdings Corp., Ltd. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Tsinghua University, itself a public university in China. The company was established as an in-house asset management company for Tsinghua's subsidiaries that were established in the 1990s by the technology transfer of research to business.Hu Haifeng, the son of then Chinese President and General Secretary of the Communist Party Hu Jintao, was appointed in 2009 as the Party Committee Secretary of Tsinghua Holdings.[citation needed]As of 2017, the Party Committee Secretary of Tsinghua Holdings was Long Dawei (Chinese: 龙大伟),
<Mia_Hansen-Løve>	Mia Hansen-Løve (born 5 February 1981) is a French film director, screenwriter, and former actress. She has won several accolades for her work. Her first feature film, All Is Forgiven, won the Louis Delluc Prize for Best First Film in 2007 along with Céline Sciamma's Water Lilies. Hansen-Løve's film Father of My Children won the Special Jury Prize in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival. In 2014, Hansen-Løve was awarded the status of Chevalier in the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres. In 2016, she won the Silver Bear for Best Director for her film Things to Come at the 66th Berlin International Film Festival, as well as becoming a member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.Hansen-Løve was born on 5 February 1981 in Paris. Her parents, Laurence and Ole Hansen-Løve, are both philosophy professors who separated when Hansen-Løve was in her 20s. At university, Hansen-Løve studied German and minored in philosophy.
<Charles_Doolittle_Walcott_Medal>	Charles Doolittle Walcott Medal is an award presented by the National Academy of Sciences every five years to promote research and study in the fields of Precambrian and Cambrian life and history.The medal was established and endowed in 1934 by the Walcott Fund, a gift of Mary Vaux Walcott, in honor of paleontologist Charles Doolittle Walcott (1850-1927). The medal was sculpted by Laura Gardin Fraser.Since 2008 the award has been linked to the Stanley Miller Medal and the two medals are now presented  alternately, known collectively as the NAS Award in Early Earth and Life Sciences. Each medal is supplemented by a $10,000 award.
<John_Patrick_(dramatist)>	John Patrick (May 17, 1905 – November 7, 1995) was an American playwright and screenwriter.He was born John Patrick Goggin in Louisville, Kentucky. His parents soon abandoned him, and he spent a delinquent youth in foster homes and boarding schools. At age 19, he secured a job as an announcer at KPO Radio in San Francisco, California, marrying Mildred Legaye in 1925. He wrote over 1,000 scripts for the Cecil and Sally radio program (originally titled The Funniest Things), broadcast between 1928 and 1933. The show's sole actors were Patrick and Helen Troy. In 1937, Patrick wrote adaptations for NBC's Streamlined Shakespeare series, guest-starring Helen Hayes.Produced on a tight budget, his first play, Hell Freezes Over, directed by Joshua Logan, had a brief run on Broadway in 1935. However, the credit opened the door for him as a Hollywood scriptwriter.
<FC_Metalist_Kharkiv>	Football Club Metalist Kharkiv (Ukrainian: Футбо́льний Клуб Металі́ст Ха́рків [metɐˈl(j)ist ˈxɑrkiu̯]) is a Ukrainian football club based in Kharkiv that plays in the Ukrainian First League during the 2021–22 season. It was revived 5 years after the original FC Metalist Kharkiv ceased operations.Founded in 1925, FC Metalist Kharkiv had worked its way up the rungs of the Soviet football system, eventually being promoted to the Soviet Top League in 1960. After a difficult period which included relegation, Metalist was promoted to the Top League again in 1982, where it remained until the league's dissolution.
<Gino_Brito>	Louis Gino Acocella (born May 18, 1941), better known by his ring name Gino Brito, is a retired Canadian professional wrestler and promoter. He was most popular in Montreal. As Louis Cerdan, he was a WWWF Tag Team Champion with fellow Italian-Canadian wrestler Tony Parisi. He trained another Italian-Canadian wrestler, Dino Bravo.Brito was the son of wrestler Jack Britton. Born Gabriel Acocella, he and his brother Luigi were renamed Jack Britton and Lou Kelly, respectively, by promoter Paul Bowser, who wanted to attract Boston's Irish population to his events by featuring "Irish" wrestlers.He began working with Detroit promoters Bert Ruby and Harry Light over a year later., who organized a central booking office for midget wrestlers in the 1950s. Brito had a job for the promotion shuttling the wrestlers from city to city. Before becoming a professional wrestler at the age of seventeen, Brito was an amateur wrestler. At age seventeen, he was trained by George Cannon. He began working with Detroit promoters Bert Ruby and Harry Light over a year later.
<Ricardo_Barros_(politician)>	Ricardo José Magalhães Barros (born 15 November 1959 in Maringá) is a Brazilian politician, civil engineer and businessman. He is a federal deputy and former mayor of Maringá. He is married to the Vice Governor of Paraná, Cida Borghetti. He is the son of the former mayor of Maringá Silvio Magalhães Barros and brother to the also former mayor Silvio Barros. In 2010, Barros was candidate for the Federal Senate, getting more than 2 million votes.He is national vice-president of the Progressive Party (PP) and president of the National Council of Secretaries of Economic Development. In 2012, he was national coordinator of the city elections of PP, winning in his electoral domicile. He graduated as an Engineer at the State University of Maringá.He was appointed on 12 May 2016 as Minister of Health by president Michel Temer, after the suspension of president Dilma Rousseff due to her impeachment process.
<Joshua_Leonard>	Joshua Granville Leonard (born June 17, 1975) is an American actor, writer, and director, known for his role in The Blair Witch Project (1999). He has since starred in films such as Madhouse (2004), The Shaggy Dog (2006), Higher Ground (2011), The Motel Life (2012), Snake and Mongoose (2013), If I Stay (2014), The Town That Dreaded Sundown (2014), 6 Years (2015), and Unsane (2018).Leonard was born in Houston, Texas, the son of Joann, an author, and Robert Leonard, a theater professor at Pennsylvania State University. He was raised in State College, Pennsylvania. Leonard obtained his GED and at age 16 travelled to Chiapas, Mexico, where he taught at an elementary school and volunteered at an anthropological institute. Leonard then spent time in Seattle and London, where he developed an interest in photography, before settling in New York City at age 19. He is Jewish on his mother's side.In 1997, Leonard auditioned for and landed one of the three principal roles in the found footage horror film The Blair Witch Project. Although he reportedly only earned an initial salary of $500, the experience proved rewarding in other ways as the film combined acting and photography. The film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival. Leonard has since appeared in numerous films and television shows as an actor, including HBO's television film Live from Baghdad, the drama film Things Behind the Sun directed by Allison Anders, the comedy film The Shaggy Dog with Tim Allen, the drama film Men of Honor with Robert De Niro and Cuba Gooding, Jr., and the psychological thriller film Bitter Feast with Larry Fessenden.
<Skonto_FC>	Skonto FC was a Latvian football club, active from 1991 until 2016. The club played at the Skonto Stadium in Riga. Skonto won the Virsliga in the first 14 seasons of the league's resumption (15 in total), and often provided the core of the Latvia national football team. With those 14 national championships in a row, they set a European record, men and women's football combined, until the women of Faroese club KÍ Klaksvík won their 14th championship in a row in 2013.Following financial problems, the club was demoted to the Latvian First League in 2016 and went bankrupt in December of that year.
<University_of_Wisconsin–Madison>	The University of Wisconsin–Madison (University of Wisconsin, Wisconsin, UW, UW–Madison, or simply Madison) is a public land-grant research university in Madison, Wisconsin. Founded when Wisconsin achieved statehood in 1848, UW–Madison is the official state university of Wisconsin and the flagship campus of the University of Wisconsin System. It was the first public university established in Wisconsin and remains the oldest and largest public university in the state. It became a land-grant institution in 1866. The 933-acre (378 ha) main campus, located on the shores of Lake Mendota, includes four National Historic Landmarks. The university also owns and operates the 1,200-acre (486 ha) University of Wisconsin–Madison Arboretum, located 4 miles (6.4 km) south of the main campus, which is also a National Historic Landmark.UW–Madison is organized into 20 schools and colleges, which enrolled 33,506 undergraduate, 9,772 graduate, 1,968 special, and 2,686 professional students in 2021. Its academic programs include 136 undergraduate majors, 148 master's degree programs, and 120 doctoral programs. A major contributor to Wisconsin's economy, the university is the largest employer in the state, with over 24,232 faculty and staff.
<Gordon_Scott>	Gordon Scott (born Gordon Merrill Werschkul; August 3, 1926 – April 30, 2007) was an American film and television actor known for his portrayal of the fictional character Tarzan in five films (and one compilation of three made-as-a-pilot television episodes) of the Tarzan film series from 1955 to 1960. Gordon Scott was the eleventh Tarzan, starting with Tarzan’s Hidden Jungle (1955). He was "discovered" poolside, and offered "a seven-year contract, a loin cloth, and a new last name."Scott was born Gordon Merrill Werschkul in Portland, Oregon, one of nine children of advertising man Stanley Werschkul and his wife Alice. He was raised in Oregon and attended the University of Oregon, located in Eugene, Oregon, for one semester.Upon leaving school, he was drafted into the United States Army in 1944. He served as a drill sergeant and military policeman until he was honorably discharged in 1947. He then worked at a variety of jobs until 1953 when he was spotted by a talent agent while working as a lifeguard at the Sahara Hotel and Casino, located on the Las Vegas Strip in Nevada.
<As_the_World_Turns>	As the World Turns (often abbreviated as ATWT) is an American television soap opera that aired on CBS for 54 years from April 2, 1956, to September 17, 2010. Irna Phillips created As the World Turns as a sister show to her other soap opera Guiding Light. With 13,763 hours of cumulative narrative, As the World Turns has the longest total running time of any television show. In terms of continuous run of production, As the World Turns at 54 years holds the fourth-longest run of any daytime network soap opera on American television, surpassed only by General Hospital, Guiding Light, and Days of Our Lives. As the World Turns was produced for its first 43 years in Manhattan and in Brooklyn from 2000 until 2010.Set in the fictional town of Oakdale, Illinois, the show debuted on April 2, 1956, at 1:30 p.m. EST, airing as a 30-minute serial. Prior to that date, all serials had been 15 minutes in length. As the World Turns and The Edge of Night, which premiered on the same day at 4:30 p.m. EST, were the first two to be 30 minutes in length from their premieres. At first, viewers were indifferent to the new half-hour serial, but ratings picked up in its second year, eventually reaching the top spot in the daytime Nielsen ratings by fall 1958. In 1959, the show started a streak of weekly ratings wins that was not interrupted for over 12 years. The show switched to color on August 21, 1967, and expanded from a half hour in length to one hour daily starting on December 1, 1975, when The Edge of Night moved to ABC. In the year-to-date ratings, As the World Turns was the most-watched daytime drama from 1958 until 1978, with some ten million viewers tuning in each day. At its height, core actors such as Helen Wagner, Don MacLaughlin, Don Hastings, and Eileen Fulton became nationally known. Wagner, Hastings, and Fulton are also three of longest serving actors in the history of American soap operas.
<Annie_Girardot>	Annie Suzanne Girardot (25 October 1931 – 28 February 2011) was a French actress. She often played strong-willed, independent, hard-working, and often lonely women, imbuing her characters with an earthiness and reality that endeared her to women undergoing similar daily struggles.Over the course of a five-decade career, she starred in nearly 150 films. She was a three-time César Award winner (1977, 1996, 2002), a two-time Molière Award winner (2002), a David di Donatello Award winner (1977), a BAFTA nominee (1962), and a recipient of several international prizes including the Volpi Cup (Best actress) at the 1965 Venice Film Festival for Three Rooms in Manhattan.
<Athletic_Bilbao>	Athletic Club (Basque: Bilboko Athletic Kluba; Spanish: Athletic Club de Bilbao), commonly known as Athletic Bilbao or just Athletic, is a professional football club based in the city of Bilbao in the Basque Country of Spain. They are known as Los Leones (The Lions) because their stadium was built near a church called San Mamés, which was named after Saint Mammes, an early Christian thrown to the lions by the Romans. Mammes pacified the lions and was later made a saint. The team plays its home matches at the San Mamés Stadium. Its home colours are red and white-striped shirts with black shorts.Athletic are the fourth most successful club in La Liga with eight titles to their name. In the table of Copa del Rey titles, Athletic is second only to Barcelona, having won it 23 times. It is also the most successful Basque football club in both league and cup titles won. The club also has one of the most successful women's teams in Spain, which has won five championships in the Primera División Femenina.
<Watford_F.C.>	Watford Football Club is an English professional football club based in Watford, Hertfordshire. They play in the EFL Championship, the second tier of English football.The club’s original foundation is 1881, aligned with that of its antecedent, Watford Rovers, and was established as Watford Football Club in 1898. After finishing the 1914–15 season as Southern League champions under the management of Harry Kent, Watford joined the Football League in 1920. The team played at several grounds in their early history, including what is now West Herts Sports Club, before moving to Vicarage Road in 1922. They have a long-standing rivalry with nearby club Luton Town.
<John_Perkins_(author)>	John Perkins (born January 28, 1945) is an American author.  His best known book is Confessions of an Economic Hit Man (2004), in which Perkins describes playing a role in a process of economic colonization of Third World countries on behalf of what he portrays as a cabal of corporations, banks, and the United States government. The book's claims were met with skepticism and rebuttal by some involved parties. The book spent more than 70 weeks on the New York Times bestseller list.Perkins has also written about mystical aspects of indigenous cultures, including shamanism.Perkins graduated from the Tilton School in 1963. He subsequently attended Middlebury College for two years before dropping out. He later earned a Bachelor of Science degree in business administration from Boston University in 1968.  He was a Peace Corps Volunteer in Ecuador from 1968 to 1970.  He spent the 1970s working for the Boston strategic-consulting firm Chas. T. Main; he claims to have been screened for this job by the National Security Agency (NSA) and subsequently hired by Einar Greve, a member of the firm (alleged by Perkins to have been acting as an NSA liaison, a claim that Greve has denied). Perkins claims that he was seduced and trained as an "economic hitman" by a mysterious businesswoman named Claudine, who used his NSA personality profile to manipulate and control him.
<Tim_Teitelbaum>	(Ray) Tim Teitelbaum (born April 12, 1943, United States) is an American computer scientist known for his early work on integrated development environments (IDEs), syntax-directed editing, and incremental computation. He is Professor Emeritus at Cornell University. As an educator and faculty member of the Cornell University Computer Science Department since 1973,  he was recognized for his large-scale teaching of introductory programming, and for his mentoring of highly successful graduate students. As a businessman, he is known for having co-founded GrammaTech, Inc. and for having been its sole CEO from 1988 to 2019.Teitelbaum was educated at Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Carnegie Mellon University.In 1978, Teitelbaum created the Cornell Program Synthesizer, one of the seminal systems that demonstrated the power of tightly integrating a collection of program development tools, all deeply knowledgeable about a programming language and its semantics, into one unified framework. The Cornell Program Synthesizer used PL/CS, a variant of the PL/C language dialect developed at Cornell. Teitelbaum's more than 45 lectures and demonstrations of this early IDE during 1979-82, as well as the credo of his 1981 paper co-authored with graduate student Thomas Reps, asserted:
<Alice_Terry>	Alice Frances Taaffe (July 24, 1899 – December 22, 1987), known professionally as Alice Terry, was an American film actress and director. She began her career during the silent film era, appearing in thirty-nine films between 1916 and 1933. While Terry's trademark look was her blonde hair, she was actually a brunette, and put on her first blonde wig in Hearts Are Trumps (1920) to look different from Francelia Billington, the other actress in the film. Terry played several different characters in the 1916 anti-war film Civilization, co-directed by Thomas H. Ince and Reginald Barker. Alice wore the blonde wig again in her most acclaimed role as "Marguerite" in film The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse (1921), and kept the wig for any future roles. In 1925 her husband Rex Ingram co-directed Ben-Hur, filming parts of it in Italy. The two decided to move to the French Riviera, where they set up a small studio in Nice and made several films on location in North Africa, Spain, and Italy for MGM and others. In 1933, Terry made her last film appearance in Baroud, which she also co-directed with her husband.Terry was born Alice Frances Taaffe in Vincennes, Indiana, on July 24, 1899. In the early 1910s she and her family moved to southern California.
<Caroline_Dean>	Dame Caroline Dean DBE FRS (born 2 April 1957) is a British plant scientist working at the John Innes Centre.  She is focused on understanding the molecular controls used by plants to seasonally judge when to flower. She is specifically interested in vernalisation — the acceleration of flowering in plants by exposure to periods of prolonged cold. She has also been on the Life Sciences jury for the Infosys Prize from 2018. Dean was educated at the University of York, where she was awarded a Bachelor of Arts degree in Biology in 1978 and a PhD. in Biology in 1982.
<Edward_Bullard>	Sir Edward Crisp Bullard FRS (21 September 1907 – 3 April 1980) was a British geophysicist who is considered, along with Maurice Ewing, to have founded the discipline of marine geophysics. He developed the theory of the geodynamo, pioneered the use of seismology to study the sea floor, measured geothermal heat flow through the ocean crust, and found new evidence for the theory of continental drift.Bullard was born into a wealthy brewing family in Norwich, England. He was educated at Norwich School and later studied Natural Sciences at Clare College, Cambridge. He studied under Ernest Rutherford at the Cavendish Laboratory of University of Cambridge and in the 1930s he received his PhD degree as a nuclear physicist.
<Sandra_Day_O'Connor>	Sandra Day O'Connor (born March 26, 1930) is an American retired attorney and politician who served as the first female associate justice of the Supreme Court of the United States from 1981 to 2006. She was both the first woman nominated and the first confirmed to the court. Nominated by President Ronald Reagan, she was considered the swing vote for the Rehnquist Court and the first five months of the Roberts Court.Prior to O'Connor's tenure on the Court, she was a judge and an elected official in Arizona, serving as the first female majority leader of a state senate as the Republican leader in the Arizona Senate. Upon her nomination to the Court, O'Connor was confirmed unanimously by the Senate. On July 1, 2005, she announced her intention to retire effective upon the confirmation of a successor. Samuel Alito was nominated to take her seat in October 2005 and joined the Court on January 31, 2006.
<Stavros_Niarchos>	Stavros Spyrou Niarchos (Greek: Σταύρος Σπύρου Νιάρχος, pronounced [ˈstavros ˈspiru 'ɲarxos]; 3 July 1909 – 15 April 1996) was a Greek billionaire shipping tycoon. Starting in 1952, he had the world's biggest supertankers built for his fleet. Propelled by both the Suez Crisis and increasing demand for oil, he and rival Aristotle Onassis became giants in global petroleum shipping.Niarchos was also a noted thoroughbred horse breeder and racer, several times the leading owner and number one on the French breed list.
<Plainfield,_New_Jersey>	Plainfield is a city in Union County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey, known by its nickname as "The Queen City." The city is both a regional hub for Central New Jersey and a bedroom suburb of the New York Metropolitan area, located within the core of the Raritan Valley region. Per the 2020 census, the population was 54,586.The area of present-day Plainfield was originally formed as Plainfield Township, a township that was created on April 5, 1847, from portions of Westfield Township, while the area was still part of Essex County. On March 19, 1857, Plainfield Township became part of the newly created Union County.
<George_Pearce>	Sir George Foster Pearce KCVO (14 January 1870 – 24 June 1952) was an Australian politician who served as a Senator for Western Australia from 1901 to 1938. He began his career in the Labor Party but later joined the National Labor Party, the Nationalist Party, and the United Australia Party; he served as a cabinet minister under prime ministers from all four parties.Pearce was born in Mount Barker, South Australia. He left school at the age of 11 and trained as a carpenter, later moving to Western Australia and becoming involved in the union movement. He helped establish the Labor Party there, and in 1901 – aged 31 – was elected to the new federal parliament. Pearce was elevated to cabinet in 1908, under Andrew Fisher, and served in each of Fisher's three governments. He continued on in cabinet when Billy Hughes became prime minister in 1915, and after the Labor Party split of 1916 followed Hughes to the National Labor Party and then to the Nationalists. Pearce also served in cabinet under Stanley Bruce and, after joining the UAP in 1931, Joseph Lyons. He was Minister for Defence from 1908 to 1909, 1910 to 1913, 1914 to 1921, and 1932 to 1934. His 24 years in cabinet and 37 years as a senator are both records.
<Tosaint_Ricketts>	Tosaint Antony Ricketts (born 6 August 1987) is a Canadian professional soccer player who most recently played for Vancouver Whitecaps FC and the Canada national team as a forward.Ricketts was one of the top short-distance runners in Alberta, and he began his youth career playing Division I soccer for the Green Bay Phoenix at University of Wisconsin Green Bay.
<Jessica_Harper>	Jessica Harper (born October 10, 1949) is an American actress and singer. Harper began her feature film career with a starring role in Brian De Palma's Phantom of the Paradise (1974), My Favorite Year (1982), as well as a role in Inserts (1975). She is best known for her portrayal of Suzy Bannion, the protagonist of Dario Argento's cult classic Suspiria (1977), and appeared in a supporting role in Luca Guadagnino's 2018 remake.Her other films include Stardust Memories (1980), Shock Treatment (1981) (the followup to The Rocky Horror Picture Show in which she replaced Susan Sarandon as Janet Weiss), Pennies from Heaven (1981), The Blue Iguana (1988), Safe (1995), and Minority Report (2002). In addition to acting, Harper is also an author of children's music and books.
<Arne_Berggren>	Arne Berggren (born 26 October 1960) is a Norwegian novelist, children's writer, songwriter and rock musician. He made his literary debut in 1991. In 1992 he published Stillemannen, which was awarded the Critics Prize for the year's best children's or youth's literature. Among his novels are Instamatic from 1994 and Webers lov from 1998.Øystein Rottem characterizes Berggren's writing style as laidback, with elements of black humour. His books for children and young adults treat themes such as young love, eroticism and jealousy. Berggren established a film production hub, Shuuto Arctic, at FilmCamp Nord, a former military base in Målselv. Shuuto Arctic's first production was The River (2017) and was followed by Outlier (2020).
<G._K._Chesterton>	Gilbert Keith Chesterton KC*SG (29 May 1874 – 14 June 1936) was an English writer, philosopher, Christian apologist, and literary and art critic. He has been referred to as the "prince of paradox". Of his writing style, Time observed: "Whenever possible, Chesterton made his points with popular sayings, proverbs, allegories—first carefully turning them inside out."Chesterton created the fictional priest-detective Father Brown, and wrote on apologetics. Even some of those who disagree with him have recognised the wide appeal of such works as Orthodoxy and The Everlasting Man. Chesterton routinely referred to himself as an "orthodox" Christian, and came to identify this position more and more with Catholicism, eventually converting to Roman Catholicism from high church Anglicanism. Biographers have identified him as a successor to such Victorian authors as Matthew Arnold, Thomas Carlyle, John Henry Newman and John Ruskin. He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1935.
<Scott_Trust_Limited>	Scott Trust Limited is the British company that owns Guardian Media Group and thus The Guardian and The Observer as well as various other media businesses in the UK. In 2008, it replaced the Scott Trust, which had owned The Guardian since 1936.The company is responsible for appointing the editor of The Guardian (and those of the group's other main newspapers) but, apart from enjoining them to continue the paper's editorial policy on "the same lines and in the same spirit as heretofore", it has a policy of not interfering in their decisions. The arrangement tends to give editors a long tenure: for example, the last incumbent, Alan Rusbridger, was there from 1995 until 2015.The current chairman of the Scott Trust Board is Alex Graham, who replaced Liz Forgan in 2016. Other board members include the current editor-in-chief Katharine Viner, Guardian finance editor Nils Pratley who is the journalist director of the board, and one member of the Scott family.
<Anthony_LaPaglia>	Anthony LaPaglia (/ləˈpɑːliə/, Italian pronunciation: [laˈpaʎʎa]; born 31 January 1959) is an Australian actor. He is best known for his role as Jack Malone in the television drama Without a Trace (2002–2009), for which he received a Golden Globe Award in 2004.LaPaglia won a Primetime Emmy Award for his role as Simon Moon in the television sitcom Frasier (2000–2004). He has also appeared in films such as Betsy's Wedding (1990), Empire Records (1995), Autumn in New York (2000), Lantana (2001), Balibo (2009), Holding the Man (2015), Annabelle: Creation (2017), and Nitram (2021), the lattermost of which earned him an AACTA Award.
<Persi_Diaconis>	Persi Warren Diaconis (/ˌdaɪəˈkoʊnɪs/; born January 31, 1945) is an American mathematician of Greek descent and former professional magician. He is the Mary V. Sunseri Professor of Statistics and Mathematics at Stanford University.He is particularly known for tackling mathematical problems involving randomness and randomization, such as coin flipping and shuffling playing cards.Diaconis left home at 14 to travel with sleight-of-hand legend Dai Vernon, and dropped out of high school, returning to school at age 24 to learn math, motivated to read William Feller's famous two-volume treatise on probability theory, An Introduction to Probability Theory and Its Applications. He attended the City College of New York for his undergraduate work, graduating in 1971, and then obtained a Ph.D. in Mathematical Statistics from Harvard University in 1974), learned to read Feller, and became a mathematical probabilist.
<Lucio_Tan>	Lucio Chua Tan Sr. (simplified Chinese: 陈永栽; traditional Chinese: 陳永栽; pinyin: Chén Yǒngzāi; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tân Éng-chai; born July 17, 1934) is a Filipino business magnate, investor, and philanthropist. He presides over the Filipino conglomerate company LT Group, Inc., a company with extensive business interests in sports, banking, airline, liquor, tobacco, real estate, beverages, and education. As of September 2021, his net worth is estimated at US$1.9 billion.Tan was born in Amoy (now Xiamen), Fujian, China. His parents moved to Cebu in the Philippines when he was a child. He was said to have gone to school on barefoot and first worked as a stevedore who tied cargo with ropes made from abaca He earned a bachelor's degree in Chemical Engineering from the Far Eastern University in Manila. Forbes states that while in college,  Tan "worked as a janitor at a tobacco factory" where he "mopped floors to pay for school."
<Kansas_City,_Missouri>	Kansas City (abbreviated KC or KCMO) is the largest city in Missouri by population and area. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 508,090 in 2020, making it the 36th most-populous city in the United States. It is the central city of the Kansas City metropolitan area, which straddles the Missouri–Kansas state line and has a population of 2,392,035. Most of the city lies within Jackson County, with portions spilling into Clay, Cass, and Platte counties. Kansas City was founded in the 1830s as a port on the Missouri River at its confluence with the Kansas River coming in from the west. On June 1, 1850, the town of Kansas was incorporated; shortly after came the establishment of the Kansas Territory. Confusion between the two ensued, and the name Kansas City was assigned to distinguish them soon after.Sitting on Missouri's western boundary with Kansas, with Downtown near the confluence of the Kansas and Missouri Rivers, the city encompasses about 319.03 square miles (826.3 km2), making it the 23rd largest city by total area in the United States. It serves as one of the two county seats of Jackson County, along with the major Satellite city of Independence. Other major suburbs include the Missouri cities of Blue Springs and Lee's Summit and the Kansas cities of Overland Park, Olathe, Lenexa, and Kansas City, Kansas.
<Lee_Guber>	Lee Guber (November 20, 1920 – March 27, 1988) was an American theater impresario, who produced several Broadway theatre productions and developed a chain of entertainment venues in suburban locations along the East Coast.Guber was born in Philadelphia on November 20, 1920. He attended Central High School, where he met his future business partner Shelly Gross, when they were assigned to sit next to each other in alphabetical order. He attended Temple University, where he majored in sociology, earning bachelor's and master's degrees.Guber went into the nightclub business, and joined his childhood friend Shelly Gross and Frank Ford in creating a musical theater in Devon, Pennsylvania in 1955 called the Valley Forge Music Fair. The original tent was replaced by a permanent structure, which was subsequently razed and replaced by a supermarket.
<Noah_Haynes_Swayne>	Noah Haynes Swayne (December 7, 1804 – June 8, 1884) was an American jurist and politician. He was the first Republican appointed as a justice to the United States Supreme Court.Swayne was born in Frederick County, Virginia in the uppermost reaches of the Shenandoah Valley, approximately 100 miles (160 km) northwest of Washington D.C. He was the youngest of nine children of Joshua Swayne and Rebecca (Smith) Swayne. He was a descendant of Francis Swayne, who emigrated from England in 1710 and settled near Philadelphia. After his father died in 1809, Noah was educated locally until enrolling in Jacob Mendendhall's Academy in Waterford, Virginia, a respected Quaker school 1817–18. He began to study medicine in Alexandria, Virginia, but abandoned this pursuit after his teacher Dr. George Thornton died in 1819. Despite his family having no money to support his continued education, he read law under John Scott and Francis Brooks in Warrenton, Virginia, and was admitted to the Virginia Bar in 1823. A devout Quaker (and to date the only Quaker to serve on the Supreme Court), Swayne was deeply opposed to slavery, and in 1824 his abolitionist sentiments caused him to leave Virginia for the free state of Ohio.
<Arthur_Eddington>	Sir Arthur Stanley Eddington OM FRS (28 December 1882 – 22 November 1944) was an English astronomer, physicist, and mathematician. He was also a philosopher of science and a populariser of science. The Eddington limit, the natural limit to the luminosity of stars, or the radiation generated by accretion onto a compact object, is named in his honour.Around 1920, he foreshadowed the discovery and mechanism of nuclear fusion processes in stars, in his paper "The Internal Constitution of the Stars". At that time, the source of stellar energy was a complete mystery; Eddington was the first to correctly speculate that the source was fusion of hydrogen into helium.
<Lena_Olin>	Lena Maria Jonna Olin (Swedish pronunciation: [ˈlêːna ʊˈliːn] (listen); born 22 March 1955) is a Swedish actress. She has received nominations for an Academy Award, a Golden Globe Award, a BAFTA Award, and a Primetime Emmy Award.Mentored by filmmaker Ingmar Bergman, she made her screen debut with a small role in his film Face to Face (1976). After graduating from the drama school, Olin joined the Royal Dramatic Theatre, followed by roles in Bergman's films Fanny and Alexander (1982) and After the Rehearsal (1984). She made her international breakthrough with a role of a free-spirited artist in The Unbearable Lightness of Being (1988), which earned her a nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress – Motion Picture.
<William_Marshall_(bandleader)>	Gerard William Marshall (October 2, 1917 – June 8, 1994) was an American singer, bandleader and a motion picture actor, director and producer.Born in Chicago, Illinois, Marshall became a vocalist for Fred Waring and his band, the "Pennsylvanians," before forming his own band in 1937. In 1940, he moved to Hollywood to act in films.
<Stroymontazh>	Stroymontazh (Russian: Корпорация «Строймонтаж») was a Russian construction and property development company. Headquartered in Saint Petersburg, it was previously a market leader in residential construction in this region with a population size of more than 5.3 million, and had an international projects portfolio which included a 110,000 m2 development on the outskirts of Paris, France. The company suffered significantly as a result of the economic and financial crisis of 2008-10 and a corporate dispute with one of its creditors, Baltisky Bank [ru]. In 2010, Storymontazh was put into bankruptcy administration, and in July 2015, the company was dissolved.The principal company owner and CEO was Artur Kirilenko.The company was created in 1994 by Artur Kirilenko and Sergei Polonsky.
<Tom_McNamara_(golfer)>	Thomas Lawrence McNamara, Sr. (November 18, 1882 – July 21, 1939) was an American professional golfer.McNamara was born in Brookline, Massachusetts to an immigrant Irish family. His parents were Thomas McNamara (1841–1909) and Mariah McNamara née Curry (1851–1940).McNamara was the head professional at Wollaston Golf Club. During the 1909 U.S. Open, McNamara became the first man ever to break 70 in a competitive American tournament.  McNamara held a three-stroke lead in the 1909 U.S. Open heading to the back nine.  Due to the extremely hot temperatures, McNamara suffered a heatstroke on the 14th hole. After doctors treated him, he insisted on finishing the tournament.  He succeeded in finishing, but his game collapsed down the stretch and finished second.  The following year, 1910, he served as the head golf professional at the Fall River Country Club in Fall River, Massachusetts.McNamara was considered one of American's best homegrown professionals during the early twentieth century.  He was head professional at Siwanoy Country Club in Bronxville, New York.  He proposed the idea of a national tournament to his boss, Rodman Wanamaker. McNamara was the manager of the golf department in Wanamaker's New York City department store.[circular reference] Thus came the PGA Championship, first played in 1916 at Siwanoy Country Club.
<Thomas_Macdonald-Paterson>	Thomas Macdonald-Paterson (9 May 1844 – 21 March 1906) was an Australian politician, a member of the Parliament of Queensland, and later, the Parliament of Australia.Macdonald-Paterson was born in Glasgow, Scotland, he was educated there privately before migrating to Australia in 1861, where he became a butcher, speculator and lawyer.
<Ken_Russell>	Henry Kenneth Alfred Russell (3 July 1927 – 27 November 2011) was a British film director, known for his pioneering work in television and film and for his flamboyant and controversial style.  His films in the main[clarification needed] were liberal adaptations of existing texts, or biographies, notably of composers of the Romantic era. Russell began directing for the BBC, where he made creative adaptations of composers' lives which were unusual for the time. He also directed many feature films independently and for studios.Russell is best known for his Oscar-winning film Women in Love (1969), The Devils (1971), The Who's Tommy (1975), and the science fiction film Altered States (1980). Russell also directed several films based on the lives of classical music composers, such as Elgar, Delius, Tchaikovsky, Mahler, and Liszt.
<Wilhelm_Reich>	Wilhelm Reich (/raɪx/ RYKHE, German: [ˈvɪlhɛlm ˈʁaɪç]; 24 March 1897 – 3 November 1957) was an Austrian doctor of medicine and a psychoanalyst, along with being a member of the second generation of analysts after Sigmund Freud. The author of several influential books, most notably The Impulsive Character (1925), The Function of the Orgasm (1927), Character Analysis (1933), and The Mass Psychology of Fascism (1933), he became known as one of the most radical figures in the history of psychiatry.Reich's work on character contributed to the development of Anna Freud's The Ego and the Mechanisms of Defence (1936), and his idea of muscular armour—the expression of the personality in the way the body moves—shaped innovations such as body psychotherapy, Gestalt therapy, bioenergetic analysis and primal therapy. His writing influenced generations of intellectuals; he coined the phrase "the sexual revolution" and according to one historian acted as its midwife. During the 1968 student uprisings in Paris and Berlin, students scrawled his name on walls and threw copies of The Mass Psychology of Fascism at police.
<Blackheath,_London>	Blackheath is an area in Southeast London, straddling the border of the Royal Borough of Greenwich and the London Borough of Lewisham. It is located 1-mile (1.6 km) northeast of Lewisham, 1.5 miles (2.4 km) south of Greenwich and 6.4 miles (10.3 km) southeast of Charing Cross, the traditional centre of London.The area southwest of its station and in its ward is named Lee Park. Its northern neighbourhood of Vanbrugh Park is also known as St John's Blackheath and despite forming a projection has amenities beyond its traditional reach named after the heath. To its west is the core public green area that is the heath and Greenwich Park, in which sit major London tourist attractions including the Greenwich Observatory and the Greenwich Prime Meridian. Blackheath railway station is south of the heath.
<Jim_Phelan_Award>	The Jim Phelan National Coach of the Year Award (formerly called the CollegeInsider.com National Coach of the Year Award from 2003 to 2009) is an award given annually to the most outstanding men's college basketball head coach in NCAA Division I (non-mid-major conference) competition. The award was established in 2003 and was renamed for head coach Jim Phelan, who coached at Mount St. Mary's. Phelan spent his entire 49-year coaching career at MSMU, compiling 830 wins in 1,354 games. He was inducted into the National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame in 2008.
<Sabina_Franklyn>	Elizabeth Sabina Franklyn (born 15 September 1954) is an English actress, and the daughter of William Franklyn and Margo Johns.Franklyn attended the independent Queen's Gate School and acted on stage with repertory theatres before her television appearances.
<Heather_North>	Heather May North (December 13, 1945 – November 29, 2017) was an American actress, best known for voicing Daphne Blake in the Scooby-Doo franchise.North was born in Pasadena, California.
<Bob_Stoops>	Robert Anthony Stoops (born September 9, 1960) is an American football coach. He was the head football coach at the University of Oklahoma from 1999 through the 2016 season, and on an interim basis during the 2021 Alamo Bowl. He led the Oklahoma Sooners to a record of 191–48 over his career. His 2000 Oklahoma Sooners football team won the 2001 Orange Bowl, which served as the BCS National Championship Game, and earned a consensus national championship. Since 2020, Stoops has been a head coach with the XFL, coaching the Arlington Renegades in 2020 and has been re-signed for 2023.Stoops played college football at the University of Iowa as a defensive back from 1979 to 1982. Prior to his tenure at Oklahoma, he held various assistant coaching positions at the University of Iowa, Kent State University, Kansas State University, and the University of Florida. Stoops was awarded the Paul "Bear" Bryant Award in 2000 and the Walter Camp Coach of the Year Award in both 2000 and 2003. Stoops has been nicknamed "Big Game Bob" by both supporters and detractors.
<SC_Tavriya_Simferopol>	Sports Club Tavriya (Ukrainian: Спортивний клуб "Таврія") was a Ukrainian football club from Simferopol. Tavriya was a member of the Ukrainian Premier League from its founding and won the first Ukrainian Premier League making them one of three teams that have ever held this title.After the annexation of Crimea by the Russian Federation in 2014, the club was forced to cease its existence after 56 years, while in occupied Crimean peninsula a new club composed of some of its staff and players joined the Russian Football Union under the new name FC TSK Simferopol.
<Pulaski_(TV_series)>	Pulaski is a British television drama series produced by the BBC in 1987.Created by Roy Clarke, the series was a parody of detective dramas centred around Larry Summers, an American actor starring in a British detective series in the title role of Pulaski, who finds himself involved in real life cases. He was assisted by his co-star Kate Smith, who played his sidekick Briggsy in the series.
<HKS,_Inc.>	HKS, Inc. is an American international architecture firm headquartered in Dallas, Texas (USA).The firm was founded in 1939 by Harwood K. Smith.
<Ruben_Mirzakhanyan>	Ruben Mirzakhanyan (born 1959) is an Armenian political and educational figure, editor, Doctor of History, professor, RA Honoured Cultural Figure, and Rector of the Armenian State Pedagogical University after Khachatur Abovyan.Ruben Mirzakhanyan was born in Yerevan in 1959. He studied at Yerevan secondary school N114 and at the Yerevan State University, Faculty of History.  He received qualification of Historian. In 1980, he worked at Yerevan Technical College N17 as a Training-Production master and lecturer of Politology and Economics. Since 1981, he has been developing academic – pedagogical activities at the Armenian State Pedagogical University after Khachatur Abovyan. In 1985 he defended his Candidate's Thesis and received the title of Associate Professor. In 1990 he was elected, and in 2000 and 2006 re-elected as the Dean of the Faculty of Culture of the Pedagogical University; he held that position until September 2010.  In September 2010 he was appointed as the acting Rector of the Armenian State Pedagogical University after Khachatur Abovyan.  On 24 February 2011 he was unanimously elected as the Rector of the Armenian State Pedagogical University after Khachatur Abovyan. In 2016 he was re-elected as Rector He gives lectures on "History of Armenian Culture". He is the author of six books, more than fifty academic and around seventy public articles; he participated in numerous international, political and academic conferences. He is the President of the Editing Boards of the Problems of Pedagogy and Psychology, the ASPU Academic Yearbook, Armenian Studies Journal, Special Education Issues, Wisdom, and Russian Language in Armenia.Ruben Mirzakhanyan was one of the founders of the Armenian "Ramkavar Azatakan" (Liberal Democratic) Party, was elected as the President of the  founding board of the ARAP, and from December 1991 till July 1996 was the Chairman of the ARAP Administrative Unit. In 1999, he was re-elected as the Chairman of the ARAP Republican Unit, was the member of the Political Council under the President. From December 2001 till July 2003 he assumed the responsibility of the  Chairman of the ARAP. Since July 2003 he has been the President of the Central Department of the Teckeyan Cultural Union of Armenia. He is the founder and member of the editing board of the World Armenian Congress, Azg newspaper, Payqar magazine, History and Social Sciences yearbook. He is the member of the Teckeyan Centre fund board. In 1995 and 1999 he was elected as the Deputy of the National Ecclesiastical Assembly.
<Torquay_United_F.C.>	Torquay United Football Club is a professional football club based in Torquay, Devon, England. The team currently compete in the National League, the fifth tier of English football. They have played their home matches at Plainmoor since 1921 and are nicknamed "The Gulls".Founded in 1899, the club first entered the East Devon League. They went on to win the Torquay & District League in 1908–09, the Plymouth & West Devon League 1911–12, and were admitted into the Football League in 1927 after claiming the Southern League title and second-place in the Western League in 1926–27. They remained in the Third Division South for the next 31 years and were promoted out of the Fourth Division at the end of the 1959–60 season, though were relegated after two seasons in the Third Division. Torquay were again promoted in 1965–66, only to suffer another relegation six years later. They survived re-election votes after last place finishes in the Fourth Division in 1985 and 1986.
<Donald_William_Kerst>	Donald William Kerst (November 1, 1911 – August 19, 1993) was an American physicist who worked on advanced particle accelerator concepts (accelerator physics) and plasma physics. He is most notable for his development of the betatron, a novel type of particle accelerator used to accelerate electrons.A graduate of the University of Wisconsin, Kerst developed the first betatron at the University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign, where it became operational on July 15, 1940. During World War II, Kerst took a leave of absence in 1940 and 1941 to work on it with the engineering staff at General Electric, and he designed a portable betatron for inspecting dud bombs. In 1943 he joined  the Manhattan Project's Los Alamos Laboratory, where he was  responsible for designing and building the Water Boiler, a nuclear reactor intended to serve as a laboratory instrument.
<Josef_de_Mendoza_y_Ríos>	Josef (also José or Joseph) de Mendoza y Ríos (1761–1816) was a Spanish astronomer and mathematician of the 18th century, famous for his work on navigation.The first work of Mendoza y Ríos was published in 1787: his treatise about the science and technique of navigation in two tomes.  He also published several tables for facilitating the calculations of nautical astronomy and useful in navigation to calculate the latitude of a ship at sea from two altitudes of the sun, and the longitude from the distances of the moon from a celestial body.In the field of the nautical instruments, he improved the reflecting circle.In 1816, he was elected a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
<Hyde_Park_on_Hudson>	Hyde Park on Hudson is a 2012 British historical comedy-drama film directed by Roger Michell. The film stars Bill Murray as Franklin D. Roosevelt, Olivia Colman as Queen Elizabeth, and Laura Linney as Margaret "Daisy" Suckley, a cousin and childhood friend of the President. It was based on Suckley's private journals and diaries, discovered after her death, and fictionally dramatizes her close personal relationship with Roosevelt and the 1939 visit of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth to Roosevelt's country estate.In spring 1939, Sara Delano, the mother of Franklin D. Roosevelt, asks his sixth cousin Margaret "Daisy" Suckley to visit the ill President at their country estate in Hyde Park, New York. Although Daisy and Roosevelt had not seen each other for years, the distant relatives form a strong relationship, and Roosevelt often asks Daisy to visit Hyde Park when he stays with his mother. Daisy becomes one of the women close to Roosevelt, including Sara; Missy LeHand, the president's secretary; and Eleanor, the president's wife. Despite his power, the president is often unable to control the other women; the quiet, shy Daisy is his confidante, and he tells her that Top Cottage will be their shared refuge after his presidency.
<Grasshopper_Club_Zürich>	Grasshopper Club Zürich, commonly referred to as simply GC, GCZ, or Grasshoppers, is a multisports club based in Zürich, Switzerland. The oldest and best known department of the club is its football team. With 27 titles, Grasshopper holds the records for winning the most national championships and the Swiss Cups, 19 trophies in the latter. The club is the oldest football team in Zürich and maintains a substantial rivalry with FC Zürich.The origin of Grasshopper's name is unknown, although the most common explanation refers to its early players' energetic post-goal celebrations and that their style of play was nimble and energetic.
<Gustav_Mayer>	Gustav Mayer (4 October 1871 – 21 February 1948) was a German journalist and historian with a particular focus on the Labour movement.   He fled Nazi Germany in 1933 and lived the final years of his life in England.Gustav Mayer was born into a long-established Jewish mercantile family in Prenzlau, a small town in central northern Germany.   The family had settled in Prentzlau in 1677, having previously lived in Oderberg.   His upbringing combined traditional Jewish values and beliefs with a keen appreciation of German intellectual developments more generally.   While growing up he acquired a deep knowledge of the German classics which would underpin his subsequent work.   He studied Public Economics (Nationalökonomie) between 1890 and 1893, being particularly influenced by the ideas of the so-called academic socialists ("Kathedersozialisten") Gustav Sch moller and Adolph Wagner.  He received his doctorate for work on Ferdinand Lassalle from Basel, for which he was supervised by Georg Adler [de].  For the next few years he undertook various jobs and other activities, at one stage embarking on an apprenticeship as a book dealer.In 1896, he took a position with the Frankfurter Zeitung as a trade and business journalist, and worked as a foreign correspondent for the newspaper till 1906. In geographical terms, his remit covered the Netherlands, Belgium and France. The work provided important networking opportunities and enabled him to get to know pioneers of Socialism in Europe such as Jean Jaurès and Emile Vandervelde.
<Gruppo_Editoriale_L'Espresso>	GEDI Gruppo Editoriale S.p.A., formerly known as Gruppo Editoriale L'Espresso S.p.A. is an Italian media conglomerate. Founded in 1955, it is based in Rome, Italy.In 2009, the group L'Espresso created an online advertising consortium with RCS MediaGroup.In March 2010, the group made public apologies to Roman Abramovich after publishing an article stipulating he had lost his luxury yacht to gambling debts, an information that was ruled as false.
<Krušik_Valjevo>	Coordinates: 44°16′28″N 19°54′21″E﻿ / ﻿44.27444°N 19.90583°E﻿ / 44.27444; 19.90583Krušik Holding Corporation (Serbian: Холдинг корпорација Крушик, romanized: Holding korporacija Krušik) is a Serbian state-owned company for the production of defense and civil related equipment, with the headquarters in Valjevo, Serbia.The company was founded in 1939 in what was then Kingdom of Yugoslavia, for the needs of then Yugoslavia defense industry and army. Today the company represents the Government and military–industrial complex of Serbia in the sphere of production of defense and civil equipment. The company works together with the Serbian Armed Forces, Military Technical Institute, Yugoimport SDPR and many other private companies in Serbia and around the world to produce new weapons and systems. The company also provides weapons design, joint participation in sales and manufacturing technology transfer.
<Giovanni_Sio>	Giovanni-Guy Yann Sio (born 31 March 1989) is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for Swiss Super League club FC Sion. Born in France, he represented the Ivory Coast at international level.Born in Saint-Sébastien-sur-Loire, Sio began his career with Nantes and joined Real Sociedad B in the summer of 2007, after Nantes released him. In the summer of 2008, he was promoted to the Segunda División team. Sio signed a two-year deal with an option for a third year.On 2 September 2009, Swiss club Sion signed the French forward from Real Sociedad. On 29 May 2011 Sio scored the first goal as Sion defeated Neuchâtel Xamax FCS 2-0 in the Swiss Cup Final.
<Luo_Yixiu>	Luo Yixiu (Chinese: 羅一秀; 20 October 1889 – 11 February 1910), a Han Chinese woman, was the first wife of the later Chinese communist revolutionary and political leader Mao Zedong, to whom she was married from 1908 until her death. Coming from the area around Shaoshan, Hunan, in south central China – the same region as Mao – her family were impoverished local landowners.Most of what is known about their marriage comes from an account Mao gave to the American reporter Edgar Snow in 1936, which Snow included in his book Red Star Over China. According to Mao, he and Luo Yixiu were the subject of an arranged marriage organised by their respective fathers, Mao Yichang and Luo Helou. Luo was eighteen and Mao just fourteen years old at the time of their betrothal. Although Mao took part in the wedding ceremony, he later said that he was unhappy with the marriage, never consummating it and refusing to live with his wife. Socially disgraced, she lived with Mao's parents for two years until she died of dysentery, while he moved out of the village to continue his studies elsewhere, eventually becoming a founding member of the Communist Party of China. Various biographers have suggested that Mao's experience of this marriage affected his later views, leading him to become a critic of arranged marriage and a vocal feminist. He married three more times, to Yang Kaihui, He Zizhen and Jiang Qing, the last of whom was better known as Madame Mao.
<Jack_Kilby>	Jack St. Clair Kilby (November 8, 1923 – June 20, 2005) was an American electrical engineer who took part  (along with Robert Noyce of Fairchild) in the realization of the first integrated circuit while working at Texas Instruments (TI) in 1958. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics on December 10, 2000.  Kilby was also the co-inventor of the handheld calculator and the thermal printer, for which he had the patents. He also had patents for seven other inventions.Kilby was born in 1923 in Jefferson City, Missouri to Hubert and Vina Freitag Kilby. Both parents had Bachelor of Science degrees from the University of Illinois. His father was a manager at a local utility company. Kilby grew up and attended school in Great Bend, Kansas, graduating from the Great Bend High School. (Road signs at the entrances to the town commemorate his time there, and the Commons Area at Great Bend High School has been named The Jack Kilby Commons Area.)Kilby received his Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign, where he was an honorary member of Acacia fraternity. In 1947, he received a degree in electrical engineering. He earned his Master of Science in electrical engineering from the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee in 1950, while working at Centralab, a division of Globe-Union corporation in Milwaukee.
<Life's_a_Breeze>	Life's a Breeze is a 2013 Irish comedy film directed and written by Lance Daly. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.A family of middle-aged children decides to clean out years of accumulated stuff from their elderly mother's residence – without her knowledge. So, one morning, they task (by bribing) her teenage granddaughter to take the cranky old lady out for the day. Upon returning in the early evening, and after the family shows her all the new household items and furniture, and how clean the place now is, retired school teacher Nan informs them all that she had stored 50 years of savings (from pension income, renting the basement apartment, what she had previously inherited, and, as she puts it, “whatever your Dad didn’t drink”) in her mattress, amounting to almost a million euros.
<Sylvia_(ballet)>	Sylvia, originally Sylvia, ou La nymphe de Diane, is a full-length ballet in two or three acts, first choreographed by Louis Mérante to music by Léo Delibes in 1876. Sylvia is a typical classical ballet in many respects, yet it has many interesting features that make it unique. The work is notable for its mythological Arcadian setting, creative choreographies, expansive sets and, above all, its remarkable score.When Sylvia, ou La nymphe de Diane premiered on 14 June 1876 at the Palais Garnier, it went largely unnoticed by the critics. The first seven productions of Sylvia were not commercially successful. The 1952 revival, choreographed by Sir Frederick Ashton, popularized the ballet. The 1997, 2004, 2005 and 2009 productions were all based on Ashton's original choreography.
<Arne_Sucksdorff>	Arne Edvard Sucksdorff (3 February 1917 – 4 May 2001) was a Swedish film director, considered one of cinema's greatest documentary filmmakers.  He was particularly celebrated for his visually poetic and scenic nature documentaries.  His works include Pojken i trädet (The Boy in the Tree) and the Academy Award-winning Människor i Stad (Symphony of a City). Perhaps Sucksdorff's most widely admired work was the internationally acclaimed  Det Stora Äventyret (1953) (The Great Adventure) about a year in the outdoors told in semidocumentary fashion from the viewpoint of a farmboy. It is noted for its remarkable photography and authentic scenes of nature, and its appeal to children for its story of domesticated otters. Sucksdorff also appeared as an actor in this film, portraying the father, while his real-life son is an actor as well. The film won the International Prize at the 1954 Cannes Film Festival and the Big Silver Medal (Documentaries and Culture Films) at the 4th Berlin International Film Festival.In the early 1960s, Sucksdorff moved to Alghero, Sardinia, and lived there about 2 years doing spear fishing and exploring the coast with a rubber inflatable Zodiak mark V, after moved to Rio de Janeiro, where he taught cinema at the film school and continued making documentaries, as well as the documentary-style drama Mitt hem är Copacabana (My Home Is Copacabana), which is controversial due to Sucksdorff making up a back story as a street orphan for one of the main actors, a nine year old boy from Ipanema, whose daughter told the real story in a 2019 book.  The film was entered into the 1965 Cannes Film Festival and the 4th Moscow International Film Festival. Sucksdorff also won the award for Best Director at the 2nd Guldbagge Awards. At the 29th Guldbagge Awards he won the Creative Achievement award.
<Ole_Nilsen_Weierholt>	Ole Nilsen Weierholt (December 29, 1718 – December 14, 1792) was a wood carver, primarily known as a pattern maker for ironworks in Nedenes county, Norway, especially for the Næs Ironworks. He created wooden patterns in the Rococo style for cast-iron stoves, and has been referred to as the "Rococo Master of Southern Norway" (Norwegian: Sørlandets rokokkomester).Weierholt was born in Sagene in Austre Moland, today part of the municipality of Arendal. He worked as a carpenter and wood carver, and he was involved in a large number of construction jobs for the district's churches in the mid-1700s, including Austre Moland Church and Tromøy Church.Weierholt created many casting patterns for the Næs Ironworks; he is especially known for the pattern "the chamberlain from Ethiopia" (Kammersvenden av Morland), which he copied from an older model. The theme is based on the story of "Philip and the Ethiopian" (Acts 8:26–39), and it was also used in Rembrandt's painting The Baptism of the Eunuch.
<Torre_PwC>	The Torre PwC, formerly Torre Sacyr Vallehermoso, is a 52-floor, 236-metre-tall (774 ft) skyscraper, completed in 2008, located in Madrid, Spain. Torre PwC is one of four buildings in the Cuatro Torres Business Area. It was designed by Carlos Rubio Carvajal and Enrique Álvarez-Sala Walter and was built by Sacyr Sau.It houses the five-star hotel Eurostars Madrid Tower, which occupies 60% of the tower, with rooms between floors 6 and 27 and at its upper part, a two-storey dining room offering a panoramic view of the city. The professional services firm PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) moved its offices in the capital (about 2500 professionals) to this building in July 2011, taking up seventeen floors, between floors 34 and 50, which were vacant at that time. On the same date, the PwC logo was mounted at the top of the building, becoming the highest logo in Spain, installed at almost 236 meters of height. All the office floors have the same area of 1,258.23 m2 (13,543.5 sq ft) and are divided into three sectors or segments. Floors 51-58 are intended for general facilities and equipment of the tower. The building was renamed Torre PwC instead of Torre Sacyr Vallehermoso, after PwC relocated to the tower in 2011.It is the only tower with double skin facade and it is covered entirely of glass in the form of flakes. On the upper deck there are 3 wind turbines, of 2.5 kW each, capable of producing wind energy for use in the building.
<Conor_Casey>	Conor Patrick Casey (born July 25, 1981) is an American former soccer player. He played for 16 seasons, finishing his career with Columbus Crew SC, before turning to coaching with his former club Colorado Rapids.Casey was born in New Hampshire, but moved to Colorado at age five, and considers Denver his hometown. He played soccer at Denver's South High School and went on to play two years of college soccer for the University of Portland from 1999 to 2000. In his first year at the University of Portland, Casey was named best player of the year. In 2000, he led the NCAA in scoring with twenty-three goals and seven assists.
<Mary_Jo_Eustace>	Mary Josephine "Mary Jo" Eustace (born May 1, 1962) is a Canadian actress, singer-songwriter, comedian, model, author, and sous-chef best known as co-host of the Canadian cooking TV series What's for Dinner?.Eustace was born and raised in Toronto, Ontario. She attended Jarvis Collegiate Institute and McGill University studying English. She later graduated from George Brown College's culinary program.In 1994, Eustace recorded a solo musical album entitled Bone & Marrow.
<Adrian_(costume_designer)>	Adrian Adolph Greenburg (March 3, 1903 – September 13, 1959), widely known as Adrian, was an American costume designer whose most famous costumes were for The Wizard of Oz and hundreds of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films between 1928 and 1941. He was usually credited onscreen with the phrase "Gowns by Adrian". Early in his career he chose the professional name Gilbert Adrian, a combination of his father's forename and his own.Adrian was born on March 3, 1903, in Naugatuck, Connecticut, to Gilbert and Helena (née Pollak) Greenburg. Adrian's father Gilbert was born in New York and his mother Helena in Waterbury, Connecticut. Both sides of the family were Jewish. Joseph Greenburg and his wife Frances were from Russia, while Adolph Pollak and Bertha (née Mendelsohn) Pollak were from Bohemia and Germany, respectively.
<Winchelsea,_Victoria>	Winchelsea is a town in Victoria, Australia. The town is located in the Surf Coast Shire local government area, the suburb or locality of Winchelsea is predominantly within Surf Coast Shire with a small section within the Colac Otway Shire. Winchelsea is located on the Barwon River 115 km south-west of Melbourne and close to Geelong (37 km north-east).The first Europeans to reside in the area were squatters (Lomas's) who established grazing runs there c. 1837. Thomas Austin migrated from Tasmania and occupied the present day site of Winchelsea in 1837.  The area was then called Austin's Ford.  Austin built up his estate of Barwon Park to 29,000 acres (12,000 ha), including a mansion which still stands today.
<Nancy_Hicks_Maynard>	Nancy Alene Hicks Maynard  (November 1, 1946 – September 21, 2008) was an American publisher, journalist, former owner of The Oakland Tribune, and co-founder of the Maynard Institute for Journalism Education. She was the first African-American female reporter for The New York Times, and at the time of her death, The Oakland Tribune was the only metropolitan daily newspaper to have been owned by African Americans. She was a pioneering advocate for diversifying newsrooms.Maynard was born Nancy Alene Hall in Harlem, New York City, to jazz bassist Alfred Hall and Eve Keller, a nurse. Maynard first became interested in journalism when, after a fire destroyed the elementary school she once attended, she was unhappy with the portrayal of her community in the coverage by the news media. She went on to attend Long Island University Brooklyn and graduated with a journalism degree in 1966.Maynard began her journalism career as a copy girl and reporter with the New York Post. She was hired by The New York Times in September 1968, at the age of 21. Almost immediately, she was sent to Brooklyn to help cover the Ocean Hill-Brownsville school decentralization controversy, which drew accusations of racism and anti-Semitism and resulted in a citywide teachers' strike and the establishment of new school districts throughout the city. After less than one year at the Times, Maynard was hired as a full-time reporter, becoming the first African-American woman to work as a reporter at the newspaper.
<The_Country_Club>	The Country Club, located in Brookline, Massachusetts, is the oldest golf-oriented country club in the United States. (The Philadelphia Cricket Club, founded in 1854, was the first country club for any sport.) It holds an important place in golf history, as it is one of the five charter clubs that founded the United States Golf Association, and has hosted numerous USGA tournaments including the 1913 U.S. Open won by then-unknown Francis Ouimet.  Although the club has 1300 members, it is known for its exclusivity.On January 14, 1882, a group of men from Boston met to form the club. The club is listed on the USGA's list of the first 100 clubs in America.  The original club was focused on horseback-riding and other outdoor activities; the golf course was not built until 1893.  For several years there were conflicts between golfers and other club members over land use; in fact the original golf course overlapped with the pre-existing race track.
<Southern_Federal_University>	Southern Federal University (Russian: Южный федеральный университет), abbreviated as SFedU (Russian: ЮФУ) and formerly known as Rostov State University (1957–2006), is a public university in Rostov Oblast, Russia with campuses in Rostov-on-Don and Taganrog.Southern Federal University is the largest research and educational establishment of Rostov Oblast. The university began to operate in Rostov-on-Don in 1915 as an affiliate part of Imperial University of Warsaw whose Russian staff had been evacuated from Poland with the onset of World War I. Later, with the collapse of Russian Empire, the university was named Donskoy University after the region of Don by the decree of Russian Provisional Government on May 5, 1917. When founded in 1915, Donskoy University was the first higher education institution in Rostov-on-Don and had four academic departments: history & philosophy, medicine, physics & mathematics, and law. In 1917–1920, during  Russian Civil War, Rostov-on-Don was under the control of the anti-Soviet coalition forces of Russian  White movement including Kaledin's Don Army. Many of the staff who found refuge at Donskoy University at that time had a strong anti-Soviet stance and students were being drafted to White Army. During the turmoil years of the Civil War the official name of the university was Bogaevsky Donskoy University named after Mitrofan Bogaevsky, assistant to  Ataman Alexey Kaledin. Following the takeover of Rostov-on-Don by Red Army in January 1920, the authority over Donskoy University passed to the Soviet government. That same year the Soviets purged the university off any seemed disloyal and pro-White movement staff members.In 1925, Donskoy University was renamed to North Caucasus State University to reflect its status as an education center in then North Caucasus Krai. Another renaming of the university followed in 1934 giving Rostov-on-Don State University. Then again, in 1957, it was changed to Rostov State University. The latter name existed until 2006. In November 2006, Rostov State Academy of Architecture & Arts, Rostov State Pedagogical University and Taganrog State University of Radioengineering were merged into Rostov State University to form a single entity called Southern Federal University.[citation needed]
<Swedish_Theatre>	The Swedish Theatre (Swedish: Svenska Teatern) is a Swedish-language theatre in Helsinki, Finland, and is located at the Erottaja (Swedish: Skillnaden) square, at the end of Esplanadi (Swedish: Esplanaden). It was the first national stage of Finland.The first theatre in Helsinki, Engels Teater, was completed in 1827. The wooden building designed by architect Carl Ludvig Engel was located in the corner of Mikaelsgatan and Esplanaden. At the time the theatre was opened it had no permanent actors and many of the actors who performed in the theatre during that time were en route to Saint Petersburg.The theatre designed by Engel soon became too small as the interest in theatre grew rapidly among the citizens of Helsinki. The new theatre building was opened on 28 November 1860. The new building, which was designed by Georg Theodor von Chiewitz, was built on Skillnaden, on the same site as the current Svenska Teatern. The first play performed in the new theatre was Princessan av Cypern by Zacharias Topelius and Fredrik Pacius. The first actors of the theatre were from the group of Pierre Deland. The group performed in the theatre in 1860–1861. The language was initially Swedish, but Finnish language was soon launched on stage by the Swedish actress Hedvig Raa-Winterhjelm.
<Rudy_Giuliani>	Mayor of New York CityTrump Administration
<Patsy_Ramsey>	Patricia Ann Ramsey (née Paugh; December 29, 1956 – June 24, 2006) was an American beauty pageant winner who won the Miss West Virginia Pageant at age 20 in 1977. She was best known as the mother of JonBenét Ramsey, a six-year-old child beauty pageant queen who was found dead in her family's home in Boulder, Colorado, on December 26, 1996.Ramsey was born in Parkersburg, West Virginia, the daughter of Nedra Ellen Ann (née Rymer) and Donald Ray Paugh, an engineer and manager at Union Carbide. She graduated from Parkersburg High School in 1975. She attended West Virginia University, where she belonged to the Alpha Xi Delta sorority, and from which she graduated with a B.A. in journalism in 1978.She won the Miss West Virginia beauty title in 1977. Her sister, Pamela Ellen Paugh, won the Miss West Virginia title at age 24 in 1980.
<Nicholas_Serracino>	Nicholas Serracino (1877–1934), AIA, was an American architect active in late-nineteenth- and early twentieth-century New York City. He was principally noted for his designs of churches and parish schools for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York.He designed St. Jean Baptiste Church and Rectory (1910), one of few Catholic churches in city with a dome and the only one besides St. Patrick's Cathedral (New York City) to have stained glass made in Chartres. This won a prize in an international competition. This was followed by the more modest brick temple-fronted Church of the Sacred Hearts of Mary and Jesus (New York City), built in 1915 for $35,000 and demolished in 2007. His office was located at 1170 Broadway.
<Helen_Herron_Taft>	Helen Louise Taft (née Herron; June 2, 1861 – May 22, 1943), known as Nellie,  was the wife of President William Howard Taft and the first lady of the United States from 1909 to 1913.Born to a politically well-connected Ohio family, Nellie was well educated, and taught before marrying William. She supported her husband throughout his career, and was socially keen, greatly helping them when he was in various offices. Their children all went on to successful careers themselves. Nellie had a lasting impact on the position of First Lady; among other things, she introduced some musical traditions, ably handled social affairs, and was key in the planting of Washington's famous cherry trees. She also supported social causes such as women's suffrage and workplace safety. She remained socially active past her husband's death.
<Gary_Collins_(actor)>	Gary Ennis Collins (April 30, 1938 – October 13, 2012) was an American actor and television host. Throughout his career, he won a Daytime Emmy Award in 1984 and received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 1985.Collins was born in Venice, California. He was raised there by a single mother, who was a waitress and factory worker. Gary attended Venice High School and graduated with the class of 1955. After attending Santa Monica College, he went into the United States Army.Collins enlisted in the Army and served in Europe, where he was a radio and television performer for the Armed Forces Network. After his return, he performed at the Barter Theatre, a year-round repertory theatre in Abingdon, Virginia, whose director Robert Porterfield provided chances for many aspiring actors.
<EA_Canada>	EA Vancouver (formerly known as EA Burnaby, then EA Canada) is a Canadian video game developer located in Burnaby, British Columbia. The development studio opened as Distinctive Software in January 1983, and is also Electronic Arts's largest and oldest studio. EA Vancouver employs approximately 1,300 people, and houses the world's largest video game test operation.The campus consists of a motion-capture studio, twenty-two rooms for composing, fourteen video editing suites, three production studios, a wing for audio compositions, and a quality assurance department. There are also facilities such as fitness rooms, two theatres, a cafeteria, coffee bars, a soccer field, and several arcades. The building is situated next to Discovery Park.EA Vancouver is a major studio of the American gaming software giant Electronic Arts (EA) which has many studios around the globe. EA, based in Redwood City, California, had acquired Distinctive Software in 1991 for $11 million and renamed Distinctive Software to EA Canada. At the time of the business acquisition, Distinctive Software was noted for developing a number of racing and sporting games published under the Accolade brand. Since becoming EA Canada, EA Canada has developed many EA Games, EA Sports, and EA Sports BIG games.
<Salisbury_City_F.C.>	Salisbury City Football Club was an English football club based in Salisbury, Wiltshire. They were formed in 1947 and played at The Raymond McEnhill Stadium. Salisbury had gained back-to-back promotions in recent years, first to the Conference South in the 2005–06 season by finishing top of the Southern League Premier Division, followed by winning the play-off final in the 2006–07 season to participate in the Conference Premier in 2007–08. They played the 2010–11 season in the Southern League Premier Division after being relegated from the Conference Premier at the end of the 2009–10 season, but won promotion to the Conference South for the 2011–12 season in the first season following their relegation. The club spent two seasons in the Conference South before winning promotion to the Conference Premier via the play-offs in the 2012–13 season. In 2014, the club were removed from the Football Conference after failing to pay debts. The club reformed as Salisbury F.C. for the 2015–16 season.The club was founded as Salisbury F.C. in 1947.  A previous Salisbury City Football Club existed during the early 20th century, and played in the Southern League Second Division between 1906 and 1911, but the later club did not consider itself to be related.
<Goodbye,_Franziska_(1957_film)>	Goodbye, Franziska (German: Auf Wiedersehen, Franziska!) is a 1957 West German romance film directed by Wolfgang Liebeneiner and starring Ruth Leuwerik, Carlos Thompson and Josef Meinrad. It is a remake of the 1941 film of the same name.It was shot at the Spandau Studios in Berlin. The film's sets were designed by the art directors Gottfried Will and Rolf Zehetbauer.This article related to a German film of the 1950s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Bhavesh_Bhatt>	Bhavesh Bhatt (Gujarati: ભાવેશ ભટ્ટ) is a Gujarati language ghazal poet from Gujarat, India. His works include Chhe To Chhe (2009) and Bhitarno Shankhanaad (2014). He won the Shayda Award of 2014 for his contribution in Gujarati ghazal poetry.Bhavesh Bhatt was born on 12 January 1975 in Ahmedabad, Gujarat to Dilipbhai and Jayabahen. He completed his primary education (standard 1 to 5) from Ankur Highschool, Ahmedabad in 1985 and secondary education (standard 6 to 9) from H. B. Kapadia Highschool located at Delhi Darwaza, Ahmedabad in 1989. He completed his Standard 10 from B. V. High school, Ahmedabad in 1990 and Standard 12 from Ashish Highschool, Ahmedabad in 1992. In 1994, he joined Bachelor of Arts at Gujarat College and dropped out after the first year. Bhavesh married Bijal in 2007 and they have a daughter.He started writing at the age of 25. His first publication was a ghazal, published in the Gujarati poetry journal, Kavilok in 2003. Subsequently, his ghazals are published in several Gujarati literary magazines including Gazalvishwa, Shabdasrishti, Dhabak, Tadarthya, Shabdasar, Navneet Samarpan and Kavita. In 2007, his ghazals have been anthologized in Vis Pancha, a collection of Gujarati ghazals, with other four young poets including Anil Chavda, Ashok Chavda, Hardwar Goswami and Chandresh Makwana. He also writes ghazal in Urdu language.
<Max_Planck_Medal>	The Max Planck medal is the highest award of the German Physical Society (Deutsche Physikalische Gesellschaft), the world's largest organization of physicists, for extraordinary achievements in theoretical physics. The prize has been awarded annually since 1929, with few exceptions, and usually to a single person. The winner is awarded with a gold medal and hand-written parchment.In 1943 it was not possible to manufacture the gold medal because the Berlin foundry was hit by a bomb. The board of directors of the German Physical Society decided to manufacture the medals in a substitute metal and to deliver the gold medals later.The highest award of the German Physical Society for outstanding results in experimental physics is the Stern–Gerlach Medal.
<Ego_Is_the_Enemy>	Ego Is the Enemy is the fourth book by author Ryan Holiday, published on June 14, 2016. It is about the treacherous nature of ego.Having previously written about external obstacles in his book The Obstacle Is the Way, Holiday sought to answer questions about what to do when the biggest obstacle is internal. In the prologue of the book, Holiday explains how finding early successes led him to the realization that ego can cloud ambition and hinder personal and professional growth, particularly when accomplishments are tied to self-worth. He writes that this book does not serve to remind the reader to crush their ego in every aspect of his or her life, but rather to use the book as a reminder to make better decisions and eliminate the ego.
<Nicholas_Lydon>	Nicholas B. Lydon FRS (born 27 February 1957) is a British scientist and entrepreneur. In 2009, he was awarded the Lasker Clinical Award and in 2012 the Japan Prize for the development of Gleevec, also known as Imatinib, a selective BCR-ABL inhibitor for the treatment of chronic myeloid leukaemia (CML), which converted a fatal cancer into a manageable chronic condition.Lydon was educated at Strathallan School near Perth, Scotland. He earned a Bachelor of Science degree in biochemistry from the University of Leeds, England in 1978 and received his PhD in biochemistry from the University of Dundee, Scotland in 1982.
<Hôtel_de_Paris_Monte-Carlo>	The Hôtel de Paris Monte-Carlo is a hotel located in Monaco. It was opened in 1864 as part of the development of Monaco by the Société des bains de mer de Monaco. It has undergone a $280 million and more than four years complete renovation and reopened in March 2019.The hotel has 99 rooms divided into four pricing categories.[third-party source needed]Restaurants consist of the Michelin 3-star Louis XV, the Michelin 1-star Le Grill, Le Bar Americain and Em Sherif.
<Sebastián_Herrera>	Sebastián Herrera Zamora (born 24 April 1969) is a Spanish former footballer who played as a central defender.He amassed La Liga totals of 176 games and three goals over seven seasons, representing Barcelona, Mallorca, Burgos, Lleida and Espanyol. He added 117 matches and three goals in Segunda División, in a 21-year senior career where he also competed professionally in Portugal.Herrera was born in Copenhagen, Denmark to Spanish parents, at the time working in the country. He graduated from FC Barcelona's La Masia, after joining their youth system at the age of 11.
<Carol_V._Robinson>	Dame Carol Vivien Robinson, DBE FRS FMedSci (née Bradley; born 10 April 1956) is a British chemist and former President of the Royal Society of Chemistry (2018–2020). She was a Royal Society Research Professor and is the Dr Lee's Professor of Physical and Theoretical Chemistry, and a Professorial Fellow at Exeter College, University of Oxford. She is the first director of the Kavli Institution for Nanoscience Discovery, University of Oxford, and she was previously Professor of Mass Spectrometry at the Department of Chemistry of the University of Cambridge.Born in Kent, the daughter of Denis E. Bradley and Lillian (née Holder), Carol Vivien Bradley left school at 16 and began her career as a lab technician in Sandwich, Kent with Pfizer, where she began working with the then novel technique of mass spectrometry.
<Hollywood>	Hollywood usually refers to:Hollywood may also refer to:
<Helene_Rosson>	Helene M. Rosson (June 14, 1897 – May 5, 1985), also known as Hellene M. Rosson, was an American silent film actress.Hellene M. Rosson, born June 14, 1897, was the sixth child and third daughter of jockey and horse trainer Arthur Richard Rosson (1857–1935) and Hellen Rochefort Rosson (1860–1933). Rosson entered film in 1915 and starred in 37 films over her ten-year career until 1925. She starred in films such as The Craving in 1916 with actors such as Charlotte Burton. She died in 1985, aged 87. She is interred at Woodlawn Cemetery in The Bronx, New York. Media related to Helene Rosson at Wikimedia Commons
<Karen_Sharpe>	Karen Kay Sharpe (born September 20, 1934) is an American film and television actress. She is known for playing Laura Thomas in the American western television series Johnny Ringo.Sharpe was born in San Antonio, Texas, the daughter of Dorothy Shrout and Kirk Howard Sharpe. Her father was a businessman and oilman. She was an ice skater in Hollywood, California and a student at the Hollywood Professional School. She studied dancing with ballet dancer and choreographer Adolph Bolm in Los Angeles, California.Sharpe had unsuccessful screen tests while she worked as a model. After she was discovered by a talent scout, she began her career in 1952, starring in the film Army Bound. Sharpe also appeared in the films The Sniper, Bomba and the Jungle Girl, Holiday for Sinners, The Vanquished, Strange Fascination and Mexican Manhunt. She guest-starred in television programs, including Gunsmoke (1957 episode “Sweet and Sour”), Bonanza, Death Valley Days, Perry Mason, The Wild Wild West, The Texan, Rawhide, Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C., Trackdown, Mickey Spillane's Mike Hammer, 77 Sunset Strip, The Man from U.N.C.L.E., The Millionaire and I Dream of Jeannie. In 1955, Sharpe won the Golden Globe Award in the category New Star of the Year – Actress for her acting performance as Nell Buck in the 1954 film The High and the Mighty, along with actresses, Shirley MacLaine and Kim Novak.
<Croatia_national_under-20_football_team>	The Croatia national under-20 football team is the national under-20 football team of Croatia and is controlled by the Croatian Football Federation, the governing body for football in Croatia.The U20 team is the de facto under-19 of the previous year, and it acts mainly as a feeder team for the U21s and provides further international development for youth players. The team qualified for its only official match, FIFA U-20 World Cup, depends on U19 result.
<Loose_Women>	Loose Women (previously known as Live Talk from 2000 to 2001) is a British talk show that broadcasts on ITV1 weekdays from 12:30 pm to 1:30 pm. The show focuses on a panel of four female presenters who interview celebrities, talk about aspects of their lives, and discuss topical issues ranging from politics and current affairs to celebrity gossip and entertainment news. The 3,000th episode of Loose Women was broadcast on 15 May 2018.It was originally broadcast from Norwich, then Manchester, before moving to London.[citation needed]
<John_S._Waugh>	John Stewart Waugh (April 25, 1929 – August 22, 2014) was an American chemist and Institute Professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He is known for developing average hamiltonian theory and using it to extend NMR spectroscopy, previously limited to liquids, to the solid state. He is the author of ANTIOPE, a freeware general purpose Windows-based simulator of the spectra and dynamics of nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR). He has also used systems of a few coupled spins to illustrate the general requirements for equilibrium and ergodicity in isolated systems.In 1974 Waugh was elected as a member of the National Academy of Sciences (NAS), in the Chemistry section.Waugh was awarded the Wolf Prize in Chemistry for 1983/84 with Herbert S. Gutowsky and Harden M. McConnell for their independent work on NMR spectroscopy. Waugh was cited for his "fundamental theoretical and experimental contributions to high resolution nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy in solids." In 2011, Waugh received the Welch Award in Chemistry for revolutionizing NMR spectroscopy. In the words of Ernest H. Cockrell, chair of the Welch Foundation, Waugh "discovered how to use NMR to study solids, creating a collection of tools that allows researchers to view the structures and properties of proteins, membranes, viruses, and many other critical components of life." His work continues to be used extensively in chemistry, physics, biology, materials science, and medicine.  He died on August 22, 2014.
<Telefunken>	Telefunken was a German radio and television apparatus company, founded in Berlin in 1903, as a joint venture of Siemens & Halske and the Allgemeine Elektrizitäts-Gesellschaft (AEG) ('General electricity company').The name "Telefunken" appears in:
<Wayne_Morse>	Wayne Lyman Morse (October 20, 1900 – July 22, 1974) was an American attorney and United States Senator from Oregon. Morse is well known for opposing his party's leadership[which?] and for his opposition to the Vietnam War on constitutional grounds.Born in Madison, Wisconsin, and educated at the University of Wisconsin and the University of Minnesota Law School, Morse moved to Oregon in 1930 and began teaching at the University of Oregon School of Law. During World War II, he was elected to the U.S. Senate as a Republican; he became an Independent after Dwight D. Eisenhower's election to the presidency in 1952. While an independent, he set a record for performing the third-longest one-person filibuster in the history of the Senate. Morse joined the Democratic Party in February 1955, and was reelected twice while a member of that party.Morse made a brief run for the Democratic Party's presidential nomination in 1960. In 1964, Morse was one of two senators to oppose the later-to-become-controversial Gulf of Tonkin Resolution. It authorized the president to take military action in Vietnam without a declaration of war. He continued to speak out against the war in the ensuing years, and lost his 1968 bid for reelection to Bob Packwood, who criticized his strong opposition to the war. Morse made two more bids for reelection to the Senate before his death in 1974.
<Bolyai_Prize>	The International János Bolyai Prize of Mathematics is an international prize founded by the Hungarian Academy of Sciences. The prize is named after János Bolyai and is awarded every five years to mathematicians for monographs with important new results in the preceding 10 years.This mathematics-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Joseph_Goebbels>	Paul Joseph Goebbels (pronounced [ˈpaʊ̯l ˈjoːzɛf ˈɡœbl̩s] (listen); 29 October 1897 – 1 May 1945) was a German Nazi politician who was the Gauleiter (district leader) of Berlin, chief propagandist for the Nazi Party, and then Reich Minister of Propaganda from 1933 to 1945. He was one of Adolf Hitler's closest and most devoted acolytes, known for his skills in public speaking and his deeply virulent antisemitism, which was evident in his publicly voiced views. He advocated progressively harsher discrimination, including the extermination of the Jews in the Holocaust.Goebbels, who aspired to be an author, obtained a Doctor of Philology degree from the University of Heidelberg in 1921. He joined the Nazi Party in 1924, and worked with Gregor Strasser in its northern branch. He was appointed Gauleiter of Berlin in 1926, where he began to take an interest in the use of propaganda to promote the party and its programme. After the Nazis came to power in 1933, Goebbels's Propaganda Ministry quickly gained and exerted control over the news media, arts, and information in Nazi Germany. He was particularly adept at using the relatively new media of radio and film for propaganda purposes. Topics for party propaganda included antisemitism, attacks on the Christian churches, and (after the start of the Second World War) attempting to shape morale.
<Thievy_Bifouma>	Thievy Guivane Bifouma Koulossa (born 13 May 1992) is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for Super League Greece club OFI.He spent most of his early career in Spain, totalling 68 La Liga games and eight goals for Espanyol, Almería and Granada in addition to a season on loan at Las Palmas in the Segunda División. As well as brief spells in England with West Bromwich Albion and France with Reims and Bastia, he represented four clubs in Turkey's Süper Lig.
<Jean_Smart>	Jean Elizabeth Smart (born September 13, 1951) is an American actress. After beginning her career in regional theater in the Pacific Northwest, she appeared on Broadway in 1981 as Marlene Dietrich in the biographical play Piaf. Smart was later cast in a leading role as Charlene Frazier Stillfield on the CBS sitcom Designing Women, in which she starred from 1986 to 1991.Smart was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play for the 2000 Broadway revival of The Man Who Came to Dinner, and she received two Primetime Emmy Awards for her role as Lana Gardner on the NBC sitcom Frasier (2000–01). She won a third Emmy Award for her supporting role as Regina Newley on the ABC sitcom Samantha Who? (2007–09). She also portrayed Martha Logan on the action drama series 24 (2006–07). Smart is also known for her recurring voice role in Kim Possible (2002–2007). In the past decade Smart has seen a resurgence acting in television series, such as FX's Fargo (2015) and Legion (2017–2019), both created by Noah Hawley, as well as in the HBO projects Watchmen (2019), Mare of Easttown, and Hacks (both 2021), the latter three earning her Primetime Emmy Award nominations, with Hacks winning her the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series and the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress - Television Series Musical or Comedy. Smart is only the second actress, after  Betty White, to win all three comedy Emmy nominations - comedy lead, supporting, and guest categories.
<Adrian_College>	Adrian College is a private liberal arts college in Adrian, Michigan.  The college offers bachelor's degrees in 92 academic majors and programs. The 100 acre (0.40 km2) campus contains newly constructed facilities along with historic buildings. Adrian College is affiliated with the United Methodist Church and is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission. The spring 2020-21 enrollment was 1,677 students.The college has its origin as a theological institute founded by Wesleyan Methodists at Leoni, Michigan, in 1845. This institution merged with Leoni Seminary, another Methodist school, in 1855 to form Michigan Union College. In 1859, that institution closed and its assets were transferred to Adrian "through the efforts of the antislavery leader and educator, Rev. Asa Mahan, who was elected first president of the new Adrian College". The college was chartered by the Michigan Legislature on March 28, 1859. In the early stages of the Civil War the college volunteered itself as a base for the formation of Michigan regiments for the Union side.  The current Valade Hall building sits on the site of the former base camp for these soldiers.A marker designating the college as a Michigan Historic Site was erected by the Michigan Historical Commission. The inscription reads:
<Dorothy_Howell_Rodham>	Dorothy Emma Rodham (née Howell; June 4, 1919 – November 1, 2011) was an American homemaker and the mother of former First Lady, U.S. Senator, United States Secretary of State, and 2016 Democratic Party presidential nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton.Dorothy Howell was born in Chicago, the elder of two daughters of Edwin John Howell Jr. (1897–1946), a Chicago firefighter, and Della Murray (1902–1960). She had a younger sister, Isabelle (born 1924). Her ancestry consisted of Welsh, English, Scottish, French, and distant Dutch heritage; her paternal grandfather was an immigrant from Bedminster, Bristol in England, and many of her recent forebears had lived in Canada.Her childhood has been described as Dickensian. The family lived as boarders in a crowded house. The parents were dysfunctional and unhappy and sometimes prone to violent fights; they moved Dorothy around various schools, and paid only occasional attention to the children, before divorcing in 1927.
<Wild_Fermentation>	Wild Fermentation: The Flavor, Nutrition, and Craft of Live-Culture Foods is a 2003 book by Sandor Katz that discusses the ancient practice of fermentation. While most of the conventional literature assumes the use of modern technology, Wild Fermentation focuses more on the practice and culture of fermenting food.The term "wild fermentation" refers to the reliance on naturally occurring bacteria and yeast to ferment food.  For example, conventional bread making requires the use of a commercial, highly specialized yeast, while wild-fermented bread relies on naturally occurring cultures that are found on the flour, in the air, and so on.  Similarly, the book's instructions on sauerkraut require only cabbage and salt, relying on the cultures that naturally exist on the vegetable to perform the fermentation.The book also discusses some foods that are not, strictly speaking, wild ferments such as miso, yogurt, kefir, and nattō.
<IEAH_Stables>	IEAH Stables (International Equine Acquisitions Holding) operated a thoroughbred horse racing stable in the United States that included Big Brown, the winner of the 2008 Kentucky Derby and Preakness. The company was based in Garden City, New York. It has been inactive since 2012.IEAH was formed in 2003 by Michael Iavarone, who had long been interested in the sport and also saw business opportunities in the industry. Iavarone was the co-Chief Executive Officer, along with Richard Schiavo who oversaw administrative matters. The business operated as a hedge fund, with horses as the major asset. Major funding was provided by James Tagliaferri, who ran an asset-management company, TAG Virgin Islands. Iavrone was responsible for all bloodstock affairs, including the establishment of an "investment committee" that assisted in acquiring the stable's "bloodstock portfolio." In 2008, Hall of Fame jockey Gary Stevens joined as a bloodstock agent and spokesman. IEAH used a handful of trainers, including Rick Dutrow, Dominick Shettino, Donald Chatlos Jr. and John Terranova II.In 2009, IEAH opened the Ruffian Equine Medical Center, a state of the art equine medical facility located near Belmont Park. The center closed down in 2011 due to financial difficulties, but in 2014 was re-opened by Cornell University under the name Cornell Ruffian Equine Specialists. In 2013, IEAH sold its last shares in Big Brown.
<May_(film)>	May is a 2002 American psychological horror film written and directed by Lucky McKee in his directorial debut. Starring Angela Bettis, Jeremy Sisto, Anna Faris, and James Duval, the film follows a lonely young woman (Bettis) traumatized by a difficult childhood, and her increasingly desperate attempts to connect with the people around her.Although May was unsuccessful at the box office, it received favorable reviews from critics, and is now considered a cult film.
<Sally_Pressman>	Sally Pressman Bernstein is an American actress and dancer. She is perhaps best known for her role as Roxy LeBlanc on the Lifetime television series Army Wives (2007–2013).Pressman was born Sally Pressman Bernstein in New York City. She is the daughter of Penny Ann Pressman and Jonathan Bernstein. Pressman's mother studied fine arts and theater at Brandeis University and works for Christie's Auction House. Pressman's father is a lawyer and investor. She no longer uses her childhood name of Sally Bernstein professionally, preferring her mother's maiden name. Pressman has a brother, Benjamin Rhodes Bernstein. Her maternal grandparents were Rhoda and William Manny Pressman. William Pressman, as Executive Vice President of Hasbro Toys, is credited for creating the G.I. Joe action figure, an armed forces doll. Her maternal great-uncle was Jack Pressman, the founder of Pressman Toy Corporation.
<RoboCop>	RoboCop is a 1987 American science fiction action film directed by Paul Verhoeven, with a screenplay by Edward Neumeier and Michael Miner. The film stars Peter Weller, Nancy Allen, Daniel O'Herlihy, Ronny Cox, Kurtwood Smith, and Miguel Ferrer. Set in a crime-ridden Detroit, in the near future, RoboCop centers on police officer Alex Murphy (Weller) who is murdered by a gang of criminals and subsequently revived by the megacorporation Omni Consumer Products as the cyborg law enforcer RoboCop. Unaware of his former life, RoboCop executes a brutal campaign against crime while coming to terms with the lingering fragments of his humanity.The film was conceived by Neumeier while working on the set of Blade Runner (1982), and he developed the idea further with Miner. Their script was purchased in early 1985 by producer Jon Davison on behalf of Orion Pictures. Finding a director proved difficult; Verhoeven dismissed the script twice because he did not understand its satirical content until convinced of it by his wife. Filming took place between August and October 1986, mainly in Dallas, Texas. Rob Bottin led the special-effects team in creating practical effects, violent gore, and the RoboCop costume.
<The_Republicans_(France)>	The Republicans (French: Les Républicains, [le ʁepyblikɛ̃]; LR) is a liberal-conservative political party in France, largely inspired by the Gaullist tradition. It holds pro-European views.[better source needed]The party was formed on 30 May 2015 from the renaming and refoundation of the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP), which had been established in 2002 under the leadership of then President of France Jacques Chirac.LR, as previously the UMP, used to be one of the two major political parties in the French Fifth Republic along with the centre-left Socialist Party. It remains the largest party in the Senate. Its candidate in the 2017 presidential election, former Prime Minister François Fillon, placed third in the first round, with 20% of the vote. Following the 2017 legislative election, LR became the second-largest party in the National Assembly, behind President Emmanuel Macron's La République En Marche! party. After disappointing results in the 2019 European Parliament election, party leader Laurent Wauquiez resigned. He was replaced by Christian Jacob, who remained in office until after the 2022 legislative election, which saw LR lose half its seats although it gained influence in a hung parliament. In the 2022 presidential election, LR nominee Valérie Pécresse placed fifth with 4.7% of the first-round vote.
<Fernando_Fernán_Gómez>	Fernando Fernández Gómez (28 August 1921 – 21 November 2007) better known as Fernando Fernán Gómez was a Spanish actor, screenwriter, film director, theater director and member of the  Royal Spanish Academy for seven years. He was born in Peru while his mother, Spanish actress Carola Fernán-Gómez, was making a tour in Latin America. He would later use her surname for his stage name when he moved to Spain in 1924.The most probable thing, as he wrote in his memoirs, is that he was born in Lima on 28 August 1921, even if his birth certificate indicates that he was born in the Argentine capital, Buenos Aires. The reason for this is that his mother, the theater actress Carola Fernán Gómez, was touring South America when he was born in Lima, so his birth certificate was issued days later in Argentina, a country whose nationality he retained, in addition to Spanish nationality, which was granted to him in 1984. Being an extramarital son, his father was also the actor Fernando Díaz de Mendoza y Guerrero, whose mother, María Guerrero, prevented the marriage between Fernando Fernán Gómez's parents.
<Klara_Luchko>	Klara Stepanivna Luchko (Ukrainian: Клара Степанівна Лучко; Russian: Кла́ра Степа́новна Лучко́; 1 July 1925 – 26 March 2005) was a Soviet, Russian and Ukrainian actress known for her roles in the Soviet cinema.She received the title of People's Artist of the USSR, the highest honour that could be bestowed to a cinema artist, in 1978. She was awarded the Order "For Merit to the Fatherland" 4th class  (2000).
<Chelmsford_City_F.C.>	Chelmsford City Football Club is a semi-professional football club based in Chelmsford, Essex, England. Currently members of the National League South, the sixth tier of English football, they play at the Melbourne Stadium.Chelmsford Football Club was established in 1878 by members of the Chelmsford Lawn Tennis and Croquet club to give them something to do in the winter. Six years earlier, an attempt to form a football club by the same name had been proposed by Chelmsford West End Cricket Club, but the plans failed to materialise. On 16 November 1878, Chelmsford played their first game, drawing 1–1 against Romford at home, with Chelmsford's first ever goal being scored by E. H. Christy. In May 1883, some members of the club proposed to fold the club and reform as a new club due to a lack of interest, however nothing came of it. The club won the Essex Senior Cup in 1892–93 and again in 1901–02. In 1895 they were founder members of the North Essex League, but left in 1900 to join Division One of the South Essex League. In 1903–04 the club also entered a team into the newly formed South East Anglian League, but left after a single season. They finished bottom of Division One of the South Essex League in 1903–04, and again in 1910–11. In 1908–09 they spent a season playing in the Eastern Division of the Spartan League.
<Amsterdam>	Amsterdam (/ˈæmstərdæm/ AM-stər-dam, UK also /ˌæmstərˈdæm/ AM-stər-DAM, Dutch: [ˌɑmstərˈdɑm] (listen), lit. The Dam on the River Amstel) is the capital and most populous city of the Netherlands, with The Hague being the seat of government. It has a population of 907,976 within the city proper, 1,558,755 in the urban area and 2,480,394 in the metropolitan area. Located in the Dutch province of North Holland, Amsterdam is colloquially referred to as the "Venice of the North", for its large number of canals, now designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site.Amsterdam was founded at the mouth of the Amstel River that was dammed to control flooding; the city's name derives from the Amstel dam. Originally a small fishing village in the late 12th century, Amsterdam became a major world port during the Dutch Golden Age of the 17th century, when the Netherlands was an economic powerhouse. Amsterdam is the leading center for finance and trade, as well as a hub of production of secular art. In the 19th and 20th centuries, the city expanded and many new neighborhoods and suburbs were planned and built. The canals of Amsterdam and the 19-20th century Defence Line of Amsterdam are both on the UNSECO World Heritage List. Sloten, annexed in 1921 by the municipality of Amsterdam, is the oldest part of the city, dating to the 9th century. The city has a long tradition of openness, liberalism, and tolerance. Cycling is key to the city's modern character, and there are numerous biking paths and lanes spread throughout the entire city.
<Hellas_Verona_F.C.>	Hellas Verona Football Club, commonly referred to as Hellas Verona or simply Verona, is a professional Italian football club based in Verona, Italy, that currently plays in Serie A. The team won the Serie A Championship in 1984–85.Founded in 1903 by a group of high school students, the club was named Hellas, at the request of a professor of classics. At a time in which football was played seriously only in the larger cities of northwestern Italy, most of Verona was indifferent to the growing sport. However, when in 1906 two city teams chose the city's Roman amphitheatre as a venue to showcase the game, crowd enthusiasm and media interest began to rise.
<Frank_Marshall_(producer)>	Frank Wilton Marshall (born September 13, 1946) is an American film producer and director. He often collaborates with his wife, film producer Kathleen Kennedy. With Kennedy and Steven Spielberg, he was one of the founders of Amblin Entertainment. In 1991, he founded, with Kennedy, The Kennedy/Marshall Company, a film production company which has a contract with Amblin Partners. Since May 2012, with Kennedy taking on the role of President of Lucasfilm, Marshall has been Kennedy/Marshall's sole principal. Marshall has consistently collaborated with directors Spielberg, Paul Greengrass, and Peter Bogdanovich. He received the Irving G. Thalberg award from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences in 2018, awarded to "creative producers, whose bodies of work reflect a consistently high quality of motion picture production."Born in Glendale, California, Marshall is the son of guitarist, conductor and composer Jack Marshall. His early years were spent in Van Nuys, California.  In 1961, his family moved to Newport Beach, where he attended Newport Harbor High School, and was active in music, drama, cross country, and track. He entered UCLA in 1964 as an engineering major, and graduated in 1968 with a degree in Political science. While at UCLA, he was initiated into Alpha Tau Omega fraternity, helped create its first NCAA soccer team, and played collegiate soccer there in 1966, 1967 and 1968.
<Shaggy_(musician)>	Orville Richard Burrell CD (born October 22, 1968), better known by his stage name Shaggy, is a Jamaican-American reggae rapper, singer, and songwriter who scored hits with the songs "It Wasn't Me", "Boombastic", "In The Summertime", "Oh Carolina", and "Angel". He has been nominated for seven Grammy Awards, winning twice for Best Reggae Album with Boombastic in 1996 and 44/876 with Sting in 2019, and has won the Brit Award for International Male Solo Artist in 2002.In 2007, he was awarded the Jamaican Order of Distinction with the rank of Commander. In 2022, he was awarded an honorary Doctor of Fine Arts degree from Brown University.
<Łazienki_Palace>	The Palace on the Isle (Polish: Pałac Na Wyspie), also known as Baths Palace (Polish: Pałac Łazienkowski), is a classicist palace in Warsaw's Royal Baths Park, the city's largest park, occupying over 76 hectares of the city center.From 1674 the property and the nearby Ujazdów Castle belonged to Count Stanisław Herakliusz Lubomirski, who commissioned a Baroque bath house called "Łazienka", similarly to a number of other European historic sites, including England's city of Bath. The building, erected on a square plan, was richly decorated with stuccos, statues, and paintings; some of the original decorations and architectural details survive.In 1766 King Stanislaus Augustus purchased the estate and converted the bathing pavilion into a classicist summer residence, with an English garden.
<Squibs'_Honeymoon>	Squibs' Honeymoon is a 1923 British silent comedy film directed by George Pearson and starring Betty Balfour, Hugh E. Wright and Fred Groves. It was the last of the silent film series featuring the character, although Balfour returned to play her in the 1935 sound film Squibs. Both Pearson and Balfour were particular favourites of the British film critic, and later leading screenwriter, Roger Burford. In his first article for the magazine Close Up Burford would write "Not long ago a film of the Squibbs series was reported to be on at a small cinema in a slum district. It was a rare chance, and we went at once. We were not disappointed: the film was English, with proper tang; the tang of Fielding or Sterne.' Burford's comments help place the Squibbs films perfectly in British culture between the wars. They were very much working-class comedy, drawing on a vernacular, performative tradition, but at the same time their "Englishness" is characteristic of the kinds of satirical comedies found in the novels of Henry Fielding and Laurence Sterne. That earthy satire, based on everyday life, made these comedies unpalatable to middle class audiences but the Squibbs films were amongst the most interesting, and well shot, films in Britain in the 1920s.This article about a British silent comedy film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Democratic_Social_Party>	The Democratic Social Party (Portuguese: Partido Democrático Social, PDS) was a conservative Brazilian political party.It was established in 1979 as a continuation of the National Renewal Alliance (ARENA), the political wing of the military during the 1965–79 military dictatorship, at a time in which the country was moving away from authoritarianism. However, the official foundation date is 31 January 1980. In 1985, when Paulo Maluf won the party's nomination for the presidential bid, a huge group, led by José Sarney (former leader of ARENA from 1971 to 1980 and of the PDS from 1980–85), Jorge Bornhausen and Marco Maciel, founded the Liberal Front Party (PFL). Sarney was elected Vice-President in that year's election, but he served from the beginning as President, due to the death of President-elect Tancredo Neves.
<Maciej_Grubski>	Maciej Tomasz Grubski (20 August 1968 – 17 December 2020) was a Polish politician from the Civic Platform.He served as member of the Senate of Poland from 2007 to 2019.Grubski died of COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Poland, aged 52.
<Sidney_Kingsley>	Sidney Kingsley  (22 October 1906 – 20 March 1995) was an American dramatist. He received the Pulitzer Prize for Drama for his play Men in White in 1934.Kingsley was born Sidney Kirschner in New York. He studied at Cornell University, where he began his career writing plays for the college dramatic club. He joined the Group Theater for the production of his first major work. In 1933 the company performed his play Men in White. Set in a hospital, the play dealt with the issue of illegal abortion, 1930s medical and surgical practices, and the struggle of one promising physician who must choose to dedicate his life to medicine or devote himself to his fiancée.  The play was a box-office smash.Kingsley followed this success with the play Dead End in 1935, a story about slum housing and its connection to crime. The play was fairly successful, eventually spawning the film Dead End Kids. In 2022, Dead End was adapted as a musical and released as a concept album (aka audiobook musical). "Dead End the Musical" was written by Neil Fishman (Music), Harvey Edelman (Lyrics), and Peter C. Palame (Book). Kingsley's two successful plays were followed by his 1936 anti-war play Ten Million Ghosts and his 1939 The World We Make, which were flops and had short runs.
<Robert_J._Reiley>	Robert J. Reiley, AIA, (1878–1961) was an American architect practicing in New York City in the early and mid twentieth century. He was particularly known as a designer of Catholic churches, schools, and hospitals in the Northeast USA.Reiley was born in New York City and was educated in the local public school system.[citation needed] He attended the prestigious Jesuit school, Xavier High School (New York City), and Columbia Grammar School, both college preparatory schools, in New York City. He graduated from the Columbia School of Architecture in 1900 and continued his alumni networking there throughout the rest of his career. Following graduation, he worked the next two years a draftsman in the office of Ernest Flagg from 1900 to 1902 and later as supervisor of construction for Van Vleck and Goldsmith from 1902 to 1903. After a period of European travel and study in Paris from 1903 to 1904, he then entered into a partnership with fellow Columbia graduate Gustave E. Steinback. The firm, known as Reiley and Steinback continued in practice from 1904 through 1913 and was responsible for many buildings for Roman Catholic clients throughout the Eastern United States. After the partnership was dissolved, both men went on to lengthy careers designing Roman Catholic churches, with Reiley's firm known as Robert J. Reiley.Robert J. Reiley practiced under his own name from 1913 until 1952 when he took his son, Robert J. Reiley Jr. into partnership and renamed the firm Robert J. Reiley & Associates. His main client remained the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York for which he designed a number of churches and associated structures. His office was located at 50 East 41 Street from the 1920s and 45 West 45th Street in the 1950s.During his career, he was licensed to practice architecture in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Pennsylvania, North Carolina, and the District of Columbia.The firm had a staff of around twenty and banked with the Guaranty Trust Company, Fifth Avenue and 44th Street, New York City.
<Rainbow_Studios>	Rainbow Studios is an American video game developer based in Phoenix, Arizona, best known for developing offroad racing games, such as Motocross Madness and the MX vs. ATV series. It was established by Earl Jarred in 1986 under the name Rainbow Multimedia Group and rebranded as Rainbow Studios in 1992. In January 2002, the company was acquired by THQ, under the ownership of which it was renamed THQ Digital Studios Phoenix in February 2010 and closed in August 2011. The studio was re-instated as Rainbow Studios in 2013 by Nordic Games (later known as THQ Nordic), a publishing company that had purchased most assets of the then-bankrupt THQ earlier that year.Rainbow Studios, originally named Rainbow Multimedia Group, was founded by Earl Jarred in 1986. In 1992, the company shifted its focus towards developing video games and was rebranded Rainbow Studios. On November 8, 2001, video game publisher THQ announced that it had agreed to acquire the studio in exchange for 1 million shares of common stock. An agreement of merger was signed between the two companies on December 21, 2001, and THQ announced that the deal had been completed on January 3, 2002, at which point THQ had issued 858,203 shares and expected to issue further 106,259 at a later point in time. In 2005, Jarred, alongside vice chairman Jeff Padden and employees Rick Baltman and Robb Rinard, left Rainbow Studios to form a new video game studio, 2XL Games. Three further Rainbow Studios veterans—Brad Ruminer, Dennis Booth, and Glenn O'Bannon—announced the formation of their studio, TimeFly Studios, in April 2008.
<Exquisite_Corpse_(novel)>	Exquisite Corpse is a horror novel by American writer Poppy Z. Brite. The protagonist of the story is Andrew Compton, an English convicted homosexual serial killer, cannibal and necrophiliac. Brite has described it as "a necrophilic, cannibalistic, serial killer love story that explores the seamy politics of victimhood and disease."The novel unfolds in alternating chapters from the points of view of the four main characters. Andrew Compton, a convicted serial killer (based on serial killer Dennis Nilsen), escapes his UK prison cell in a self-induced cataleptic trance. Mistaken for dead by the authorities, he makes his way to New Orleans' French Quarter to start a new life. Seeking new victims, he instead meets Jay Byrne (based on Jeffrey Dahmer), a wealthy recluse who is also a serial killer, as well as a cannibal. The two at first intend to victimize one another, but upon realizing their similar proclivities, instead begin a torrid affair based on sex and murder.After learning that he is HIV-positive, writer Lucas Ransom reacts by rejecting all his former friends and breaking up with his teenage lover Tran. Increasingly embittered by his illness, Lucas vents his frustration through his alternate persona "Lush Rimbaud", host of a pirate radio program (in a pirate station with the callsign "WHIV")  where Lucas rails at society's denial of gay men and the AIDS epidemic (coincidently, the callsign would be used in real life for  a licensed station in New Orleans that chose the call letters specifically to remove stigma about HIV/AIDS but with no other relation to Brite's novel). Soon even this outlet isn't enough, and Lucas, sensing that death is approaching, becomes fixated on reconciling with Tran. 
<THQ_Studio_Australia>	THQ Studio Australia was one of the subsidiaries of electronic game publisher THQ. Based in Brisbane Australia, the studio have developed titles for the Sixth and Seventh generation of games consoles and managed (via internal producers) the development of handheld versions of their games utilizing smaller local and interstate development studios.THQ Studio Australia was founded in 2003 and concentrated on developing titles based on popular Nickelodeon TV licenses. Releasing a new title yearly between 2004 and 2008 before expanding into multiple teams and developing movie tie-in games such as The Last Airbender based on M. Night Shyamalan's 2010 film of the same name and their last developed game release of DreamWorks Animation's Megamind film.
<Sandor_Katz>	Sandor Ellix Katz (born May 20, 1962) is an American food writer and DIY food activist.A self-described "fermentation fetishist", Katz has taught hundreds of food workshops around the United States, and his book Wild Fermentation (2003) has been called a classic, "the bible for people embarking on DIY projects like sourdough or sauerkraut", and "especially notorious for getting people excited about fermenting food". He was named one of Chow magazine's top "provocateurs, trendsetters, and rabble-rousers" in 2009.Born to an Ashkenazi Jewish family with origins in Eastern Europe, Katz grew up in New York City on the Upper West Side. His grandparents immigrated from Belarus in 1920, then part of the Soviet Union. He is openly gay, an AIDS survivor, and began his fermentation experimentation while living in a rural, off-the-grid Radical Faerie community in Tennessee.
<Tom_Frame_(bishop)>	Thomas Robert Frame AM (born 7 October 1962) is an Australian academic, author and Anglican priest. He was formerly the Anglican Bishop to the Australian Defence Force from 2001 to 2007.Frame was born in Stanmore, New South Wales, and raised in Wollongong by his adoptive parents. He was educated at West Wollongong Infants School (1968–70), West Wollongong Primary School (1971–74, awarded dux in 1974) and Wollongong High School (1975–78).
<Northern_Ireland_national_under-21_football_team>	The Northern Ireland national under-21 football team also known as the Northern Ireland under-21s or Northern Ireland U21s, is the national under-21 football team of Northern Ireland and is controlled by the Irish Football Association. The team competes in the UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship, held every two years. To date Northern Ireland haven't yet qualified for the finals tournament.The national under-21 team is the highest level of youth football in Northern Ireland, and is open to any players who were born in Northern Ireland or whose parents or grandparents were born in Northern Ireland. This team is for Northern Irish players aged 21 or under at the start of a two-year European Under-21 Football Championship campaign, so players can be, and often are, up to 23 years old. As long as they are eligible, players can play at any level, making it possible to play for the U21s, senior side and again for the U21s.For the all-time record of the national team against opposing nations, see the team's all-time record page
<VfL_Bochum>	Verein für Leibesübungen Bochum 1848 Fußballgemeinschaft, commonly referred to as simply VfL Bochum (German pronunciation: [faʊ̯ʔɛfˌʔɛl ˈboːxʊm] (listen)), is a German association football club based in the city of Bochum, North Rhine-Westphalia. The club has spent 35 seasons in the Bundesliga.VfL Bochum is one of the oldest sports organizations in the world, claiming an origin date of 26 July 1848 when an article in the Märkischer Sprecher – a local newspaper – called for the creation of a gymnastics club. The Turnverein zu Bochum was then formally established on 18 February 1849. The club was banned on 28 December 1852 for political reasons and then reestablished on 19 June 1860. The club was reorganized in May 1904 as Turnverein zu Bochum, gegründet 1848 and formed a football department on 31 January 1911. On 1 April 1919, the club merged with Spiel und Sport 08 Bochum to form Turn- und Sportverein Bochum 1848. On 1 February 1924, the two clubs from the earlier merger split into the Bochumer Turnverein 1848 (gymnastics department) and Turn- und Sportverein Bochum 1908 (football, track and field, handball, hockey and tennis departments).
<Rachel_Kushner>	Rachel Kushner (born 1968) is an American writer, known for her novels Telex from Cuba (2008), The Flamethrowers (2013), and The Mars Room (2018).Kushner was born in Eugene, Oregon, the daughter of two Communist scientists, one Jewish and one Unitarian, whom she has called "deeply unconventional people from the beatnik generation." Her mother arranged after-school work for her straightening and alphabetizing books at a feminist bookstore when she was 5 years old, and Kushner says "it was instilled in me that I was going to be a writer of some kind from a young age." Kushner moved with her family to San Francisco in 1979.When she was 16, she began her bachelor's degree in political economy at the University of California, Berkeley with an emphasis on United States foreign policy in Latin America. Kushner lived as an exchange student in Italy when she was 18; upon completing her Bachelor of Arts, she lived in San Francisco, working at nightclubs. At 26, she enrolled in the fiction program at Columbia University and earned a MFA in creative writing in 2000. One of her influences is the American novelist Don DeLillo.
<750_7th_Avenue>	750 Seventh Avenue is a 36-story office building in the Midtown Manhattan neighborhood of New York City. The building was designed by Kevin Roche of Roche-Dinkeloo and developed by David and Jean Solomon. 750 Seventh Avenue occupies a site on the north side of 49th Street between Broadway and Seventh Avenue. Since 1994, the building has mostly been occupied by the offices of financial services company Morgan Stanley. The building contains a black glass facade with large signs as well as etched-glass panels. On the upper stories, the exterior has setbacks in a spiral pattern, which terminate in an offset glass pinnacle. When the building opened, several critics compared its design to a smokestack and to a glass pyramid.
<Ithaca,_New_York>	Ithaca /ˈɪθəkə/ is a city in the Finger Lakes region of New York, United States. Situated on the southern shore of Cayuga Lake, Ithaca is the seat of Tompkins County and the largest community in the Ithaca metropolitan statistical area. It is named after the Greek island of Ithaca.A college town, Ithaca is home to Cornell University and Ithaca College. Nearby is Tompkins Cortland Community College (TC3). These three colleges bring thousands of students to the area, who increase Ithaca's seasonal population during the school year. As of 2020, the city's population was 32,108.
<Swain_(horse)>	Swain (12 February 1992 - 27 July 2022) was an Irish-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. He is one of only three horses to win two editions of Britain's premier weight-for-age race, the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes.Swain was a bay horse with a white star and snip and white socks on his hind legs bred in Ireland by his owner Sheikh Mohammed. He was one of the best horses sired by Nashwan, the 1989 Epsom Derby winner. Swain's dam, Love Smitten was a successful Canadian-bred racemare whose wins included the Grade I Apple Blossom Handicap. The colt was originally sent into training in France with André Fabre.
<Middlesbrough_F.C.>	Middlesbrough Football Club (/ˈmɪdəlzbrə/ (listen) MID-əlz-brə) is a professional football club in Middlesbrough, North Yorkshire, England, which competes in the EFL Championship, the second tier of English football. Formed in 1876, they have played at the Riverside Stadium since 1995. The club played at Ayresome Park for 92 years, from 1903 to 1995.Middlesbrough were one of the founding members of the Premier League in 1992 and became one of the first clubs to be relegated from it following the 1992–93 season. The club came close to folding in 1986 after experiencing severe financial difficulties before it was saved by a consortium led by then board member and later chairman Steve Gibson. During the early Gibson years in the Premier League the club signed several high-profile players, although this did not translate into success and in 1997 the club suffered two lost cup finals and a relegation in the same year. The club's main rivals are Sunderland, Newcastle United and Leeds United.
<Oracle_Corporation>	Oracle Corporation is an American multinational computer technology corporation headquartered in Austin, Texas. In 2020, Oracle was the third-largest software company in the world by revenue and market capitalization. The company sells database software and technology (particularly its own brands), cloud engineered systems, and enterprise software products, such as enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, human capital management (HCM) software, customer relationship management (CRM)  software (also known as customer experience), enterprise performance management (EPM) software, and supply chain management (SCM) software.Larry Ellison co-founded Oracle Corporation in 1977 with Bob Miner and Ed Oates under the name Software Development Laboratories (SDL). Ellison took inspiration from the 1970 paper written by Edgar F. Codd on relational database management systems (RDBMS) named "A Relational Model of Data for Large Shared Data Banks." He heard about the IBM System R database from an article in the IBM Research Journal provided by Oates. Ellison wanted to make Oracle's product compatible with System R, but failed to do so as IBM kept the error codes for their DBMS a secret. SDL changed its name to Relational Software, Inc (RSI) in 1979, then again to Oracle Systems Corporation in 1983, to align itself more closely with its flagship product Oracle Database. The name also drew from the 1977 CIA project codename, which was also Oracle's first customer. At this stage Bob Miner served as the company's senior programmer. On March 12, 1986, the company had its initial public offering.
<Cheney_Stadium>	Cheney Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium located in Tacoma, Washington, United States. Originally built for baseball, the stadium is currently home to the Tacoma Rainiers of the Pacific Coast League, as well as professional soccer club Tacoma Defiance of the MLS Next Pro. The stadium opened in 1960 and has a capacity of 6,500. It is next to Henry Foss High School, and the stadium has an agreement with the school to use the school parking lot for parking.Cheney Stadium is named for Ben Cheney, a local businessman who worked to bring minor league baseball to Tacoma and also was put in control of the project.  Cheney Stadium was constructed in 42 working days after the San Francisco Giants had committed to moving their Triple-A affiliate from Phoenix if the city could open the stadium for the beginning of the 1960 season.  Construction included light towers and wooden grandstand seats from Seals Stadium in San Francisco.  Several of the wooden grandstand seats are still in place today.Cheney Stadium has been home to Pacific Coast League baseball continuously since 1960, in the form of seven teams: the Tacoma Giants (1960–65), Cubs (1966–71), Twins (1972–77), Yankees (1978), Tugs (1979), Tigers  (A's) (1980–94), and the Rainiers (Mariners) (1995–present).
<Constance_Worth>	Constance Worth (born Enid Joyce Howarth; 19 August 1911 – 18 October 1963) was an Australian actress who became a Hollywood star in the late 1930s. She was also known as Jocelyn Howarth.She was born in Sydney, Australia in 1911, the youngest of three daughters of businessman Moffatt Howarth and his wife Mary Ellen (née Dumbrell).
<Nuno_Santos_(footballer,_born_1978)>	Nuno Filipe Oliveira Santos (born 9 July 1978) is a Portuguese former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.Born in Coimbra, Baixo Mondego, Santos started his professional career with Sporting CP. Barred by the likes of Peter Schmeichel and Ricardo during his spell he only appeared once for the first team in the Primeira Liga, and was loaned to several clubs during his contract, including F.C. Penafiel in the second division in the 2003–04 season.
<Mark_Goodson>	Mark Leo Goodson (January 14, 1915 – December 18, 1992) was an American television producer who specialized in game shows, most frequently with his business partner Bill Todman, with whom he created Goodson-Todman Productions.Goodson was born in Sacramento, California, on January 14, 1915. His parents, Abraham Ellis (1875–1954) and Fannie Goodson (1887–1986), emigrated from Russia in the early 1900s. As a child, Goodson acted in amateur theater with the Plaza Stock Company. The family later moved to Hayward, California. Originally intending to become a lawyer, Goodson attended the University of California, Berkeley. He financed his education through scholarships and by working at the Lincoln Fish Market. He graduated Phi Beta Kappa in 1937 with a degree in economics.That year, he began his broadcasting career in San Francisco, working as a disc jockey at radio station KJBS (now KFAX). In 1939, he joined radio station KFRC, where he produced and hosted a radio quiz called Pop the Question in which contestants selected questions by throwing darts at multicolored balloons.
<Harry_Mulisch>	Harry Kurt Victor Mulisch (pronunciation (help·info) [ˈɦɑriː ˈmʏlɪʃ]; 29 July 1927 – 30 October 2010) was a Dutch writer. He wrote more than 80 novels, plays, essays, poems, and philosophical reflections. Mulisch's works have been translated into over thirty languages.Along with Willem Frederik Hermans and Gerard Reve, Mulisch is considered one of the "Great Three" (De Grote Drie) of Dutch postwar literature. His novel The Assault (1982) was adapted into a film that won both a Golden Globe and an Academy Award. Mulisch's work is also popular among the country's public: a 2007 poll of NRC Handelsblad readers voted his novel The Discovery of Heaven (1992) the greatest Dutch book ever written. He was regularly mentioned as a possible future Nobel laureate. He won the 2007 International Nonino Prize in Italy.
<Works_Progress_Administration>	The Works Progress Administration (WPA; renamed in 1939 as the Work Projects Administration) was an American New Deal agency that employed millions of jobseekers (mostly men who were not formally educated) to carry out public works projects, including the construction of public buildings and roads. It was set up on May 6, 1935, by presidential order, as a key part of the Second New Deal.The WPA's first appropriation in 1935 was $4.9 billion (about $15 per person in the U.S., around 6.7 percent of the 1935 GDP).  Headed by Harry Hopkins, the WPA supplied paid jobs to the unemployed during the Great Depression in the United States, while building up the public infrastructure of the US, such as parks, schools, and roads. Most of the jobs were in construction, building more than 620,000 miles (1,000,000 km) of streets and over 10,000 bridges, in addition to many airports and much housing. The largest single project of the WPA was the Tennessee Valley Authority.At its peak in 1938, it supplied paid jobs for three million unemployed men and women, as well as youth in a separate division, the National Youth Administration. Between 1935 and 1943, the WPA employed 8.5 million people (about half the population of New York).  Hourly wages were typically kept well below industry standards. Full employment, which was reached in 1942 and appeared as a long-term national goal around 1944, was not the goal of the WPA; rather, it tried to supply one paid job for all families in which the breadwinner suffered long-term unemployment.
<Sergio_Castellitto>	Sergio Castellitto (born 18 August 1953) is an Italian actor, film director, and screenwriter.Sergio Castellitto was born in Rome in 1953, to parents from Molise and Abruzzo, Southern Italy. After graduating from the Silvio D'Amico National Academy of Dramatic Art in 1978, he began his theatrical career in Italian public theater with Shakespeare's Measure for Measure at the Teatro di Roma and with roles in other plays such as La Madre by Brecht, Merchant of Venice, and Candelaio by Giordano Bruno. At the Teatro di Genova he starred in the roles of Tuzenbach in Chekhov's Three Sisters and Jean in Strindberg's Miss Julie, both under the direction of Otomar Krejka. In the coming years, he also starred in such theatrical productions as L'infelicità senza desideri and Piccoli equivoci at the Festival dei Due Mondi in Spoleto. He also appeared in Barefoot in the Park by Neil Simon. During his years in the theatre, he worked alongside many famous actors, including Luigi Squarzina, Aldo Trionfo, and Enzo Muzii.Castellitto began his film career in 1983 beside Marcello Mastroianni and Michel Piccoli in The General of the Dead Army by Luciano Tovoli. He interpreted many films like Sembra morto...ma è solo svenuto directed by Felice Farina, Piccoli equivoci by Ricky Tognazzi and Stasera a casa di Alice by Carlo Verdone. He became more famous with the films The Great Pumpkin by Francesca Archibugi and The Star Maker by Giuseppe Tornatore.
<Joy_Davidman>	Helen Joy Davidman (18 April 1915 – 13 July 1960) was an American poet and writer. Often referred to as a child prodigy, she earned a master's degree from Columbia University in English literature at age twenty in 1935.  For her book of poems, Letter to a Comrade, she won the Yale Series of Younger Poets Competition in 1938 and the Russell Loines Award for Poetry in 1939. She was the author of several books, including two novels.While an atheist and after becoming a member of the American Communist Party, she met and married her first husband and father of her two sons, William Lindsay Gresham, in 1942.  After a troubled marriage, and following her conversion to Christianity, they divorced and she left America to travel to England with her sons.
<Robert_Spencer_(author)>	Robert Bruce Spencer (born 1962) is an American anti-Muslim author and blogger, and one of the key figures of the counter-jihad movement. His published books include two New York Times bestsellers.In 2003 he founded and has since directed a blog that tracks what he considers Islamic extremism, known as Jihad Watch. He co-founded the anti-Muslim group Stop Islamization of America with blogger and far-right conspiracy theorist Pamela Geller. Reports that two of Spencer's books were listed in FBI training materials and that he had given seminars to various law enforcement units in the United States stirred controversy. He has frequently appeared on Fox News.  In 2013 the UK Home Office barred Spencer from travel to the UK for three to five years for "making statements  that may foster hatred that might lead to inter-community violence".
<Franco_Bassanini>	Franco Bassanini (born 9 May 1940, in Milan) is an Italian lawyer, politician, minister and undersecretary of state.Bassanini was a deputy from 1979 to 1996 and a senator from 1996 to 2006.He served as the minister of public administration and regional affairs from 1996 to 2001 in the cabinets led by firstly Romano Prodi, then by Massimo D'Alema and lastly by Giuliano Amato.
<Bob_Joshua>	Robert Joshua, MC (6 June 1906 – 2 June 1970) was an Australian politician, and a key figure in the 1955 split in the Australian Labor Party which led to the formation of the Australian Labor Party (Anti-Communist) and, subsequently, the Democratic Labor Party.Robert Joshua was born at Prahran, Victoria, to Edward Cecil Joshua, a Mauritian distiller, and Mary Inglis, née Drummond, who was born in Victoria. He attended Caulfield State School and Wesley College, was briefly a motor mechanic, and became a teller at the Bank of Australasia. He married schoolteacher Alma Agnes Watson at Glen Iris on 27 November 1929.
<Sunderland_A.F.C.>	Sunderland Association Football Club (/ˈsʌndərlənd/ (listen), locally /ˈsʊndlən/) is an English professional football club based in the city of Sunderland, Tyne and Wear. Sunderland play in the Championship, the second tier of English football. Since its formation in 1879, the club has won six top-flight titles (1892, 1893, 1895, 1902, 1913, and 1936) in the Premier League (previously called First Division), and has finished runners-up five times. The club has also won the FA Cup twice (1937 and 1973) and been runners-up twice (1913 and 1992), as well as winning the FA Charity Shield in 1936 and being finalists the following year. Sunderland have also been Football League Cup finalists in 1985 and 2014.Between 1891 and 1939, "The Black Cats", as they are known - in addition to their six league titles - finished in the bottom half of the league only ten times, and finished in the top seven 28 times. Since World War II, their league performances have been considerably poorer, only finishing in the top half nine times, (1947, 1949, 1950, 1953, 1955, 1956, 2000, 2001 and 2011), and only reaching the top seven four times (1950, 1955, 2000 and 2001). Furthermore, they have been relegated eleven times, and just over half of this period has been spent in the top flight (41 out of 76 seasons); of the 35 seasons in which they were outside the top flight, five have been spent in the third tier.
<Keith_Larsen>	Keith Larsen (born Keith Larsen Burt, June 17, 1924 – December 13, 2006) was an American actor, screenwriter, director, and producer who starred in three short-lived television series between 1955 and 1961.Larsen was born in Salt Lake City in 1924. He was of Norwegian descent. During World War II, he served in the United States Navy. After he was demobilized he became involved in stage acting in Santa Monica, California.
<Josephine_Tewson>	Josephine Ann Tewson (26 February 1931 – 18 August 2022) was an English actress, best known for her roles in British television sitcoms, such as Edna Hawkins ("Mrs H") in Shelley, Elizabeth "Liz" Warden in Keeping Up Appearances (1990–1995), and Miss Davenport in Last of the Summer Wine (2003–2010).Tewson was born in Hampstead, London on 26 February 1931. Her father, William, was a professional musician and played the double bass in the BBC Symphony Orchestra; her mother, Kate (née Morley, born 1908), was a nurse, the daughter of Haydn Morley who captained Sheffield Wednesday in the 1890 FA Cup Final. After grammar school, Tewson studied at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art from which she graduated in 1952.
<University_of_Vienna>	The University of Vienna (German: Universität Wien) is a public research university located in Vienna, Austria. It was founded by Duke Rudolph IV in 1365 and is the oldest university in the German-speaking world. With its long and rich history, the university has developed into one of the largest universities in Europe, and also one of the most renowned, especially in the Humanities. It is associated with 21 Nobel prize winners and has been the academic home to many scholars of historical as well as of academic importance.The university was founded on March 12, 1365, by Rudolf IV, Duke of Austria, hence the name "Alma Mater Rudolphina". After the Charles University in Prague and Jagiellonian University in Kraków, the University of Vienna is the third oldest university in Central Europe and the oldest university in the contemporary German-speaking world; it remains a question of definition as the Charles University in Prague was German-speaking when founded, too. However, Pope Urban V did not ratify the deed of foundation that had been sanctioned by Rudolf IV, specifically in relation to the department of theology. This was presumably due to pressure exerted by Charles IV, Holy Roman Emperor, who wished to avoid competition for the Charles University in Prague.
<Esbjerg_Station>	Esbjerg station (Danish: Esbjerg banegård) is the main railway station in the city of Esbjerg in southwest Jutland, Denmark.It is the terminal station on the Lunderskov–Esbjerg line and the Esbjerg–Struer line. The train services from the station are operated by DSB and Arriva, and the station serves destinations including Copenhagen, Aarhus and Ribe.The station was opened in 1874, and the present building, designed by Heinrich Wenck, was completed in 1904. With its three-storey towers flanking the central gable, it reflects a mixture of Historicist styles, some inspired by Dutch Renaissance architecture.
<William_Gibson>	William Ford Gibson (born March 17, 1948) is an American-Canadian speculative fiction writer and essayist widely credited with pioneering the science fiction subgenre known as cyberpunk. Beginning his writing career in the late 1970s, his early works were noir, near-future stories that explored the effects of technology, cybernetics, and computer networks on humans—a "combination of lowlife and high tech"—and helped to create an iconography for the information age before the ubiquity of the Internet in the 1990s. Gibson coined the term "cyberspace" for "widespread, interconnected digital technology" in his short story "Burning Chrome" (1982), and later popularized the concept in his acclaimed debut novel Neuromancer (1984). These early works of Gibson's have been credited with "renovating" science fiction literature in the 1980s.After expanding on the story in Neuromancer with two more novels (Count Zero in 1986, and Mona Lisa Overdrive in 1988), thus completing the dystopic Sprawl trilogy, Gibson collaborated with Bruce Sterling on the alternate history novel The Difference Engine (1990), which became an important work of the science fiction subgenre known as steampunk.
<Gordon_Carroll>	Charles Gordon Carroll III (February 2, 1928 – September 20, 2005) was an American film producer. He is known for his work on Alien franchise (1979–1997). He died on September 20, 2005, in Los Angeles, California. He also co-founded Brandywine Productions with David Giler and Walter Hill, a film company most famously associated with the Alien film series.Carroll was raised in New York City where he was influenced by his father's love of literature. He received his education from Princeton University in advertising  and after military duty as a first lieutenant in the Korean War, he returned to Manhattan and entered the advertising world at Foote, Cone & Belding. He began his film career in 1965 as executive producer of How to Murder Your Wife. From there he went on to produce films like Cool Hand Luke (1967), Blue Thunder (1983) and Red Heat (1988).Carrol died of heart attack on September 20, 2005 in Los Angeles, California, U.S at the age of 77. His body was cremated and his ashes were given to his family
<Clara_Harris>	Clara Hamilton Harris (September 4, 1834 – December 23, 1883) was an American socialite. She and her fiancé Major Henry Rathbone were the guests of President Abraham Lincoln and First Lady Mary Lincoln when John Wilkes Booth shot the president at Ford's Theatre in April 1865.Harris was born in Albany, New York, one of four children of U.S. Senator Ira Harris of New York, and his first wife Louisa Harris (née Tubbs). Harris' mother Louisa died in 1845. On August 1, 1848, Ira Harris married Pauline Rathbone (née Penney), the widow of Jared L. Rathbone, a successful merchant who later became the mayor of Albany. Jared and Pauline Rathbone had four children (two of whom, Anna and Charles, died in infancy) including sons, Jared, Jr. and Henry Rathbone.
<Édgar_Méndez>	Édgar Antonio Méndez Ortega (born 2 January 1990) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a left winger for Liga MX club Necaxa.Born in Arafo, Province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Méndez finished his apprenticeship with Real Madrid and made his senior debut in the 2008–09 season with the C team, in the Tercera División. He upgraded to the Segunda División B with CF Atlético Ciudad in summer 2009, and joined Betis Deportivo Balompié also in that league for the following campaign.Méndez signed for UD Melilla still in the third tier in July 2011, and scored seven goals in his only season. In 2012 he moved to UD Almería, being assigned to the reserves.
<Frederick_Vine>	Frederick John Vine FRS (born 17 June 1939) is an English marine geologist and geophysicist. He made key contributions to the theory of plate tectonics, helping to show that the seafloor spreads from mid-ocean ridges with a symmetrical pattern of magnetic reversals in the basalt rocks on either side.Vine was born in Chiswick, London, and educated at Latymer Upper School and St John's College, Cambridge where he studied Natural Sciences (BA, 1962) and marine geophysics (PhD, 1965). He married Susan 'Sue' Vine (née McCall), who worked as a research assistant for Drummond Matthews in the Department of Geodesy and Geophysics, University of Cambridge, contributing to the development of the sea-floor spreading hypothesis associated with Matthews and her husband.
<Verne_Orr>	George Vernon Orr, Jr. (November 12, 1916 – November 27, 2008) was the 14th Secretary of the Air Force, appointed by President Ronald Reagan. From California, he was a businessman and educator who served in both state and national government positions.Verne Orr was born on November 12, 1916, in Des Moines, Iowa. He grew up in the Midwest, then moved with his family to California just prior to entering high school.He graduated from Pomona College in 1937 where he was awarded a Phi Beta Kappa key.  He earned a master's degree in business administration from Stanford University in 1939.
<Laban_ng_Demokratikong_Pilipino>	The Laban ng Demokratikong Pilipino (lit. 'Fight of Democratic Filipinos') is a centre-right political party in the Philippines.There are no results available for the 2004 election for the House of Representatives, but according to the website of the House, the party held 7 out of 235 seats. The party is divided into two factions. The faction led by Edgardo Angara contested in the 2004 elections as a member party of the Koalisyon ng Nagkakaisang Pilipino (Coalition of United Filipinos).
<Weymouth_F.C.>	Weymouth Football Club is an English semi-professional football club based in the town of Weymouth, Dorset. Nicknamed the Terras due to their terracotta strip, they currently compete in the National League South and play their home matches at the Bob Lucas Stadium. The club is affiliated to the Dorset County Football Association and is an FA chartered Standard club.Weymouth Football Club was founded on the 26th of August 1890 and played their first fixture on the 24th of September v a Mr Popes XI at Lodmoor, winning 2-0. In 1986 they were one of the founding members of the Dorset League, finishing 3rd in its inaugural season. In the following 1987-98 season, they took a lease at the Recreation Ground, which would be their home for 89 years, and enjoyed success with their first Dorset League title. They continued as a continued member of the Dorset League over the next 20 years, winning a further league title in the 1913-14 season, shortly before the league was suspended due to the outbreak of the First World War.
<Ruth_Ford_(actress)>	Ruth Ford (July 7, 1911 – August 12, 2009) was an American actress and model. Her brother was the bohemian surrealist Charles Henri Ford. Their parents owned or managed hotels in the American South, and the family regularly moved.Born in Brookhaven, Mississippi, Ford was the daughter of Charles and Gertrude Cato Ford, who owned hotels in four towns in the South. She was a graduate of the University of Mississippi. Writer and artist Charles Henri Ford was her brother.
<John_C._Calhoun>	John Caldwell Calhoun (/kælˈhuːn/; March 18, 1782 – March 31, 1850) was an American statesman and political theorist from South Carolina who held many important positions including being the seventh vice president of the United States from 1825 to 1832. He adamantly defended slavery and sought to protect the interests of the white South. He began his political career as a nationalist, modernizer, and proponent of a strong national government and protective tariffs. In the late 1820s, his views changed radically, and he became a leading proponent of states' rights, limited government, nullification, and opposition to high tariffs. He saw Northern acceptance of those policies as a condition of the South remaining in the Union. His beliefs and warnings heavily influenced the South's secession from the Union in 1860–1861.Calhoun began his political career with election to the House of Representatives in 1810. As a prominent leader of the war hawk faction, Calhoun strongly supported the War of 1812. He served as Secretary of War under President James Monroe and, in that position, reorganized and modernized the War Department. Calhoun was a candidate for the presidency in the 1824 election. After failing to gain support, he agreed to be a candidate for vice president. The Electoral College elected Calhoun vice president by an overwhelming majority. He served under John Quincy Adams and continued under Andrew Jackson, who defeated Adams in the election of 1828, making Calhoun the most recent U.S. vice president to serve under two different presidents, and he would be the most recent vice president re-elected, until Thomas R. Marshall got re-elected in 1916, 88 years later.
<Gary_Carr_(politician)>	Gary Carr (born August 14, 1955) is a Canadian politician in Ontario, Canada. He served as a Progressive Conservative member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1990 to 2003, and served in the House of Commons of Canada as a Liberal from 2004 to early 2006. Gary Carr is currently the Chair of the Regional Municipality of Halton.Carr has a certificate in Business Administration from Ryerson University, and was a businessman and sales manager in the transportation industry before entering public life. He continued his education as a politician, and received an MBA from Athabasca University in 2002. Carr also played professional ice hockey for five years in the farm teams of the Boston Bruins and Quebec Nordiques.  In 1975, he was a Memorial Cup champion as a member of the Toronto Marlboros.
<Gregory_Fu>	Gregory (Greg) C. Fu is a Professor of organic chemistry at the California Institute of Technology and the Norman Chandler Professor of Chemistry. The current research interests of the Fu laboratory include metal-catalyzed coupling reactions and the design of chiral catalysts.  In particular, the group is focused on the development of nickel-catalyzed enantioselective cross-couplings of alkyl electrophiles and on photoinduced, copper-catalyzed carbon–heteroatom bond-forming reactions. The group works in collaboration with the laboratory of Professor Jonas C. Peters.In 2014, he was elected as a member of the National Academy of Sciences.  He was awarded an Arthur C. Cope Scholar Award in 1998-1999.He was awarded the Elias J. Corey Award from the American Chemical Society in 2004.Gregory Fu received his BS from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1985, where he worked in the laboratory of Professor Karl Barry Sharpless, then completed his PhD at Harvard University in 1991 under Professor David A. Evans. He worked as a postdoctoral fellow with Professor Robert H. Grubbs at the California Institute of Technology from 1991 to 1993, before accepting an assistant professor position at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he worked from 1993 to 2012. In 2012, he was appointed the Altair Professor of Chemistry at Caltech. Professor Fu is currently the Norman Chandler Professor of Chemistry at Caltech.
<Vijaya_Kumaranatunga>	Kovilage Anton Vijaya Kumaranatunga (Sinhala: කොවිලගේ ඇන්ටන් විජය කුමාරණතුංග; Tamil: விஜய_குமாரணதுங்க; 9 October 1945 – 16 February 1988), popularly known as Vijaya Kumaratunga, was a Sri Lankan film actor, playback singer and a politician. Regarded as one of the most popular icons in Sri Lankan cinema of all time. He was married to former Sri Lankan President Chandrika Kumaranatunga from 1978 until his assassination in 1988. He was the Founder of Sri Lanka Mahajana Party.He was born on October 9, 1945, at the government hospital in Ragama to Roman Catholic parents.   His father was Kovilage Benjamin Kumaratunga, a village headmen and mother was Clara Beatrice Perera. Vijaya had three brothers and sisters: Sydney Kumaratunga, Vivian Kumaratunga and Rupa Kumaratunga. He received his primary education at Seeduwa Davisamara Maha Vidyalaya, secondary education at St. Benedict's College, Kotahena and De Mazenod College, Kandana. During his school days, he excelled at singing, drama and oratory. Following his schooling, Kumaratunga joined the Ceylon Police Force as a Sub Inspector, but left soon after.
<King's_Theatre,_Glasgow>	The King's Theatre is located in Glasgow, Scotland. It was built for Howard & Wyndham Ltd under its chairman Baillie Michael Simons as a sister theatre of their Theatre Royal in the city and was designed by Frank Matcham, opening in 1904. The theatre is primarily a receiving house for touring musicals, dance, comedy and circus-type performances. The theatre also provides a prominent stage for local amateur productions. The King's Theatre also stages an annual pantomime, produced by First Family Entertainment.  The theatre is currently operated by the Ambassador Theatre Group, under a lease from Glasgow City Council who own the building.The theatre occupies the corner of Bath Street and Elmbank Street, in the Charing Cross area of the city. The longer Bath Street elevation houses both the main entrance, the scenery dock and stage door. The equally decorative but shorter Elmbank Street elevation has various fire exits and the entrance to the Gallery.
<Merstone_railway_station>	Merstone railway station, was an intermediate station situated on the edge of Merstone village on the line from Newport to Sandown incorporated by the Isle of Wight (Newport Junction) Railway in 1868It opened in 1875 and closed 81 years later. In 1897 a new line opened from Merstone to provide an alternative route to the south-east corner of the island, running initially to St Lawrence and in 1900 to Ventnor West station . Located in the heart of a farming community, Merstone was snowed under during the harsh winter of 1947. The station building was demolished after closure, although the platform is still existent.  Merstone station is now an access point onto National Cycle Route 23
<David_Villa>	David Villa Sánchez (Spanish pronunciation: [daˈβið ˈbiʎa santʃeθ]; born 3 December 1981) is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a striker. Villa is regarded by pundits as one of the best forwards of his generation, and one of the best Spanish strikers of all time. He is currently working as the Technical Advisor and Head of Global Football Operations of the Indian Super League club Odisha FC.Nicknamed El Guaje (The Kid in Asturian) due to a reputation of playing football with children much older than him, Villa sustained a serious injury as a child but managed to start his professional career with Sporting de Gijón in 2001. He moved to Real Zaragoza after two seasons, where he made his La Liga debut, and won the Copa del Rey and Supercopa de España. He joined Valencia in 2005 for a transfer fee of €12 million and captured another Copa del Rey title. At age 28, Villa registered 28 league goals and garnered a move to Barcelona for €40 million in 2010, where he won his first La Liga and UEFA Champions League titles, and scored in the 2011 final. He left the club in 2013 after concluding a €5.1 million transfer to Atlético Madrid, where he won another La Liga title. After a single season in the Spanish capital, Villa departed to join new MLS franchise New York City, where he became the club's record goalscorer and appearance maker, winning the MLS MVP Award for best player in 2016. In 2018, Villa announced his departure from New York, to join Vissel Kobe in Japan.
<Margaret_Geller>	Margaret J. Geller (born December 8, 1947) is an American astrophysicist at the Center for Astrophysics | Harvard & Smithsonian. Her work has included pioneering maps of the nearby universe, studies of the relationship between galaxies and their environment, and the development and application of methods for measuring the distribution of matter in the universe.Geller made pioneering maps of large-scale structure in the universe. Geller received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Physics at the University of California, Berkeley (1970) and a Ph.D. in Physics from Princeton (1974). Geller completed her doctoral dissertation, titled "Bright galaxies in rich clusters: a statistical model for magnitude distributions", under the supervision of James Peebles. Although Geller was thinking about studying solid state physics in graduate school, Charles Kittel suggested she go to Princeton to study astrophysics.After research fellowships at the Center for Astrophysics | Harvard & Smithsonian and the Institute of Astronomy in Cambridge, England, she became an assistant professor of Astronomy at Harvard University (1980-1983). She then joined the permanent scientific staff of the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory, a partner in the Center for Astrophysics | Harvard & Smithsonian.
<Chuck_Barris>	Charles Hirsch Barris (June 3, 1929 – March 21, 2017) was an American game show creator, producer, and host. Barris was known for hosting The Gong Show and creating The Dating Game and The Newlywed Game. He was also a songwriter who wrote "Palisades Park", recorded by Freddy Cannon and also recorded by Ramones.Barris wrote an autobiography titled Confessions of a Dangerous Mind, which was made into the film of the same name and directed by George Clooney.Barris was born to a Jewish family in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on June 3, 1929, the son of Edith (née Cohen) and Nathaniel Barris, a dentist. He was raised in Lower Merion Township and attended Lower Merion High School. His uncle was singer, songwriter and actor Harry Barris.[citation needed] He graduated in 1953 from Drexel University where he was a columnist for the student newspaper, The Triangle.
<Alben_W._Barkley>	Alben William Barkley (/ˈbɑːrkli/; November 24, 1877 – April 30, 1956) was an American lawyer and politician from Kentucky who served in both houses of Congress and as the 35th vice president of the United States from 1949 to 1953 under President Harry S. Truman. After 1905, he was elected to local offices and in 1912 U.S. representative. In Congress he was a liberal Democrat, supporting President Woodrow Wilson's New Freedom domestic agenda and foreign policy.Endorsing Prohibition and denouncing parimutuel betting, Barkley narrowly lost the Democratic gubernatorial primary in 1923 to fellow representative J. Campbell Cantrill. In 1926, he unseated Republican senator Richard P. Ernst. In the Senate, he supported the New Deal approach to handling the Great Depression in the United States. Democrats chose him to succeed Senate Majority Leader Joseph Taylor Robinson upon Robinson's death in 1937. His 1938 re-election bid was an intense, bitter victory against Governor A. B. "Happy" Chandler.
<Ted_Hill_(mathematician)>	M.S., Stanford University, 1968Theodore Preston Hill (born December 28, 1943) is an American mathematician specializing in probability theory. He is a professor emeritus at the Georgia Institute of Technology and a researcher at California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo.Hill is known for his research on mathematical probability theory, in particular for his work on Benford's law, and for his work in the theories of optimal stopping (secretary problems) and fair division, in particular the Hill-Beck land division problem.
<Lenovo_IdeaPad_S12>	The IdeaPad S12 is a line of consumer-oriented netbook computers designed by Lenovo. It is a model in the IdeaPad series and their first netbook to have a 12" screen. The computers were put on the market in 2009 and currently come in black and white.It contains either an Intel Atom N270 1.6 GHz processor or a Via Nano 1.3 GHz processor. They support 802.11 b/g wireless networking and come with three USB ports, an ExpressCard/34 expansion slot, a 4-in-1 media reader, VGA and HDMI outputs and an ethernet port. The S12 is one of the first netbooks to support nVidia's ION platform for mobile HD video playback.The IdeaPad S12 has a base price of (USD) $449 for the Intel Atom N270 model and (USD) $429 for the Via Nano ULV 2250. It features a 12.1" 1280×800 WXGA display with a 160GB hard disk drive, which can be upgraded by removing the keyboard and 1GB DDR2 SDRAM, which is easily upgraded via a user access panel on the bottom of the netbook.
<Modern_Painters>	Modern Painters (1843–1860) is a five-volume work by the Victorian art critic, John Ruskin, begun when he was 24 years old based on material collected in Switzerland in 1842. Ruskin argues that recent painters emerging from the tradition of the picturesque are superior in the art of landscape to the old masters. The book was primarily written as a defense of the later work of J. M. W. Turner. Ruskin used the book to argue that art should devote itself to the accurate documentation of nature. In Ruskin's view, Turner had developed from early detailed documentation of nature to a later more profound insight into natural forces and atmospheric effects. In this way, Modern Painters reflects "Landscape and Portrait-Painting" (1829) in The Yankee by American art critic John Neal by distinguishing between "things seen by the artist" and "things as they are".Ruskin added later volumes in subsequent years. Volume two (1846) placed emphasis on symbolism in art, expressed through nature. The second volume was influential on the early development of the Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood. He produced three more volumes, with the fifth and final volume appearing in 1860.The fifth volume marked the end of the formational and important part of Ruskin's life in which his father had a great influence.
<China_Baowu_Steel_Group>	China Baowu Steel Group Corp., Ltd., commonly known as Baowu, is a state-owned iron and steel company headquartered in the Baosteel Tower in Pudong, Shanghai, China. The company was formed by Baosteel Group absorbing its smaller state-owned peer, Wuhan Iron and Steel Corporation in 2016. It is world's largest steel producer.In 2015, Baowu was the second largest steel producer in the world measured by crude steel output, with an annual output of around 35 million tons (China's total steel production in 2015 was 803.8 million tons), and employed 130,401 employees as of the end of 2012, had annual revenues of around $21.5 billion, and produces a mix of products. In 2019, the company closed the gap with ArcelorMittal reaching 95.47 million tons of steel, and hitting $78 billion in revenues, with 195 434 employees.According to World Steel Association (Chinese companies data were provided by China Iron and Steel Association), the corporation was ranked the 5th in 2015 the world ranking by production volume (2nd in China for 34.938 million metric tons). A plan to merge with Wuhan Iron and Steel Corporation was announced on 21–22 September 2016, which would make the combined production volume the second highest in the world (34.938 million + 25.776 million), after ArcelorMittal (97.136 million in 2015), surpassing Hesteel Group (47.745 million in 2015). Since Baosteel Group and Wuhan Iron and Steel Corporation also announced targets of cutting 3.95 and 4.42 million metric tons production capacity respectively in June and July 2016, and a further cut for Baosteel Group of 2.10 million while a 3.15 million cut was already planned the final ranking may still significantly change.
<Continental_Championship_Wrestling>	Continental Championship Wrestling was a professional wrestling promotion based in Knoxville, Tennessee, and Dothan, Alabama from 1985 until 1989, owned by Ron Fuller. The promotion evolved out of the NWA-affiliated Southeastern Championship Wrestling and Gulf Coast Championship Wrestling territories owned by Fuller, who purchased the Knoxville territory from John Cazana in 1974 and the Alabama/Florida territory in 1977. When Fuller sold the promotion to David Woods in 1988, the name was changed to Continental Wrestling Federation.Nashville promoter Roy Welch had purchased the Mobile-Pensacola end of Leroy McGuirk's Tri-State Wrestling. Unlike McGuirk, who only promoted in the Mobile-Pensacola area on special occasions called spot shows, Welch decided to make promoting in Mobile-Pensacola a frequent attraction in the summer. However, due to his obligations in Nashville, his son Buddy Fuller (Edward Welch) was made booker for Mobile-Pensacola, and Fuller eventually expanded the territory into Mississippi-Louisiana as well.
<Ezola_Foster>	Ezola Broussard Foster (August 9, 1938 – May 22, 2018) was an American conservative political activist, writer, and politician. She was president of the interest group Black Americans for Family Values, author of the book What's Right for All Americans, and the Reform Party candidate for Vice President in the U.S. presidential election of 2000 with presidential nominee Pat Buchanan. In April 2002, Foster left the Reform Party for the United States Constitution Party.Foster was born and reared in Maurice in Vermilion Parish in southwestern Louisiana, in 1938. In 1960, she graduated with a BA in Business Education from Texas Southern University. She would go on to earn, in 1973, a Master's in School Management and Administration from Pepperdine University. In 1960, she moved to Los Angeles, California, where she was employed as a public high school teacher for thirty-three years—teaching typing, business courses, and sometimes English classes.Foster first ran for office in 1986, securing the Republican nomination for the California Assembly's 48th district. In the general election, she faced incumbent assemblywoman Maxine Waters; a third candidate, Libertarian José "Joe" Castañeda, was also in the race. In the three-person race, Foster placed second, securing 12.77 percent of the vote but losing to Waters by 72 percentage points. In 1992, she was a staunch defender of the police officers in the Rodney King beating case and organized a testimonial dinner for Laurence Powell, one of the convicted officers, in 1995.
<Shin'ichirō_Tomonaga>	Shinichiro Tomonaga (朝永 振一郎, Tomonaga Shin'ichirō, March 31, 1906 – July 8, 1979), usually cited as Sin-Itiro Tomonaga in English, was a Japanese physicist, influential in the development of quantum electrodynamics, work for which he was jointly awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1965 along with Richard Feynman and Julian Schwinger.Tomonaga was born in Tokyo in 1906. He was the second child and eldest son of a Japanese philosopher, Tomonaga Sanjūrō. He entered the Kyoto Imperial University in 1926. Hideki Yukawa, also a Nobel laureate, was one of his classmates during undergraduate school. During graduate school at the same university, he worked as an assistant in the university for three years. In 1931, after graduate school, he joined Nishina's group in RIKEN. In 1937, while working at Leipzig University (Leipzig), he collaborated with the research group of Werner Heisenberg. Two years later, he returned to Japan due to the outbreak of the Second World War, but finished his doctoral degree (Dissertation PhD from University of Tokyo) on the study of nuclear materials with his thesis on work he had done while in Leipzig.In Japan, he was appointed to a professorship in the Tokyo University of Education (a forerunner of Tsukuba University). During the war he studied the magnetron, meson theory, and his super-many-time theory. In 1948, he and his students re-examined a 1939 paper by Sidney Dancoff that attempted, but failed, to show that the infinite quantities that arise in QED can be canceled with each other. Tomonaga applied his super-many-time theory and a relativistic method based on the non-relativistic method of Wolfgang Pauli and Fierz to greatly speed up and clarify the calculations.  Then he and his students found that Dancoff had overlooked one term in the perturbation series.  With this term, the theory gave finite results; thus Tomonaga discovered the renormalization method independently of Julian Schwinger and calculated physical quantities such as the Lamb shift at the same time.
<Puhua_Investment>	Puhua Investment Co., Ltd. is a Chinese company based in Tai'an, Shandong Province. As at 31 December 2015, state-owned enterprise Potevio owned 39.04% stake as the largest shareholder.Puhua Investment was founded in 2002 as Tai'an Taishan Investment Holding (Chinese: 泰安泰山投资控股). In 2004 the company was the joint-largest shareholder of the Pacific Securities for 22.56%. In June 2006 it was renamed into Puhua Investment.As at 31 December 2015, Puhua Investment was majority owned by Potevio (39.04%) and two other companies for 38.16% stake and 22.80% stake respectively. However, Puhua Investment did not appear in the annual report of Potevio as long-term equity investment, while financial assets available for sale was a lump sum figure.
<Robert_Longo>	Robert Longo (born 1953) is an American artist, filmmaker, photographer and musician.Longo became first well known in the 1980s for his Men in the Cities drawing and print series, which depict sharply dressed men and women writhing in contorted emotion. He lives in New York and East Hampton.
<Christopher_Nolan>	Christopher Edward Nolan CBE (born 30 July 1970) is a British-American filmmaker. Known for his lucrative Hollywood blockbusters with complex storytelling, Nolan is considered a leading filmmaker of the 21st century. His films have grossed $4.9 billion worldwide. The recipient of many accolades, he has been nominated for five Academy Awards, five British Academy Film Awards and six Golden Globe Awards. In 2015, he was listed as one of the 100 most influential people in the world by Time, and in 2019, he was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire for his contributions to film.Nolan developed an interest in filmmaking from a young age. After studying English literature at University College London, he made several short films before his feature film debut with Following (1998). Nolan gained international recognition with his second film, Memento (2000), for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay. He transitioned from independent to studio filmmaking with Insomnia (2002), and found further critical and commercial success with The Dark Knight Trilogy (2005–2012), The Prestige (2006), and Inception (2010); the last of these earned Nolan two Oscar nominations—Best Picture and Best Original Screenplay. This was followed by Interstellar (2014), Dunkirk (2017), and Tenet (2020). For Dunkirk, he earned two Academy Award nominations, including his first for Best Director.
<Edgar_de_Wahl>	Edgar Alexei Robert von  Wahl or  de Wahl (23 August 1867 – 9 March 1948) was a Baltic German teacher, mathematician and linguist. He is most famous for being the creator of Interlingue (known as Occidental throughout his life), a naturalistic constructed language based on the Indo-European languages, which was initially published in 1922.De Wahl was born in Olwiopol (according to some sources in Bohopil, a town nearby), Kherson Governorate, Russian Empire (now part of Pervomaisk, Mykolaiv Oblast, Ukraine). The family spent several years in Ukraine, since de Wahl's father worked there as a railway engineer. After that the family stayed for several years in Tallinn and then moved to Saint Petersburg. Wahl studied there and then began service in the Imperial Russian Navy. Beginning in 1894, de Wahl worked as a teacher in Tallinn.
<Thomas_H._Leonard>	Thomas Hoskyns Leonard (born 1948) is a British statistician and author. Originally from Devon, he studied for and obtained a doctorate in Statistics at the University of London. He went on to work at the University of Warwick and the University of Wisconsin-Madison, before taking up the Chair of Statistics at the University of Edinburgh.In 1972, Leonard co-founded the Department of Statistics at the University of Warwick with P.Jeffrey Harrison and Robin Reed, where he helped to design the undergraduate MORSE degree in Mathematics, Operations Research, Statistics and Economics.During Leonard's tenure(1980-1995) in the Department of Statistics at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, he is reported as improving the Bayesian components of both the teaching and research programs, with his colleagues Kam Wah Tsui and Michael Newton
<Rudolph_A._Marcus>	Rudolph Arthur Marcus (born July 21, 1923) is a Canadian-born chemist who received the 1992 Nobel Prize in Chemistry "for his contributions to the theory of electron transfer reactions in chemical systems". Marcus theory, named after him, provides a thermodynamic and kinetic framework for describing one electron outer-sphere electron transfer. He is a professor at Caltech, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore and a member of the International Academy of Quantum Molecular Science.Marcus was born in Montreal, Quebec, the son of Esther (born Cohen) and Myer Marcus. His father was born in New York and his mother was born in England. His family background is from Ukmergė. He is Jewish and grew up mostly in a Jewish neighborhood in Montreal but also spent some of his childhood in Detroit, United States. His interest in the sciences began at a young age. He excelled at mathematics at Baron Byng High School. He then studied at McGill University under Carl A. Winkler, who had studied under Cyril Hinshelwood at the University of Oxford. At McGill, Marcus took more math courses than an average chemistry student, which would later aid him in creating his theory on electron transfer.Marcus earned a B.Sc. in 1943 and a Ph.D. in 1946, both from McGill University. In 1958, he became a naturalized citizen of the United States.
<University_of_Oslo>	The University of Oslo (Norwegian: Universitetet i Oslo; Latin: Universitas Osloensis) is a public research university located in Oslo, Norway. It is the highest ranked and oldest university in Norway. It is consistently ranked among the top universities in the world and as one of the leading universities of Northern Europe; the Academic Ranking of World Universities ranked it the 58th best university in the world and the third best in the Nordic countries. In 2016, the Times Higher Education World University Rankings listed the university  at 63rd, making it the highest ranked Norwegian university.Originally named the Royal Frederick University, the university was established in 1811 as the de facto Norwegian continuation of Denmark-Norway's common university, the University of Copenhagen, with which it shares many traditions. It was named for King Frederick VI of Denmark and Norway, and received its current name in 1939. The university was commonly nicknamed "The Royal Frederick's" (Det Kgl. Frederiks) before the name change, and informally also referred to simply as Universitetet ("the university"). It has remained Norway's preeminent institution of higher education and the country's only university until 1946. The university has approximately 27,700 students and employs around 6,000 people. Its faculties include (Lutheran) theology (with the Lutheran Church of Norway having been Norway's state church since 1536), law, medicine, humanities, mathematics, natural sciences, social sciences, dentistry, and education. The university's original neoclassical campus is located in the centre of Oslo; it is currently occupied by the Faculty of Law. Most of the university's other faculties are located at the newer Blindern campus in the suburban West End. The Faculty of Medicine is split between several university hospitals in the Oslo area. The university also includes some formally independent, affiliated institutes such as the Centre for International Climate and Environmental Research (CICERO), NKVTS and the Frisch Centre.
<David_Rodríguez_Sánchez>	David Rodríguez Sánchez (born 14 February 1986) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward for CF Rayo Majadahonda.He amassed Segunda División totals of 392 games and 124 goals over 12 seasons, representing Ciudad de Murcia, Salamanca, Celta, Sporting de Gijón, Alcorcón, Osasuna, Numancia and Racing de Santander in the competition. He added 14 matches in La Liga (one goal), and also played professionally in England with Brighton & Hove Albion.
<Károly_Nóti>	Károly Nóti (1 February 1892 – 28 May 1954) was a Hungarian screenwriter. For his work in Germany and Britain he was credited as Karl Noti. During the 1930s Nóti was one of the leading and most prolific screenwriters in the Hungarian industry.This article about a Hungarian writer or poet is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Stephen_Jay_Gould>	Stephen Jay Gould (/ɡuːld/; September 10, 1941 – May 20, 2002) was an American paleontologist, evolutionary biologist, and historian of science. He was one of the most influential and widely read authors of popular science of his generation. Gould spent most of his career teaching at Harvard University and working at the American Museum of Natural History in New York. In 1996, Gould was hired as the Vincent Astor Visiting Research Professor of Biology at New York University, after which he divided his time teaching between there and Harvard.Gould's most significant contribution to evolutionary biology was the theory of punctuated equilibrium developed with Niles Eldredge in 1972. The theory proposes that most evolution is characterized by long periods of evolutionary stability, infrequently punctuated by swift periods of branching speciation. The theory was contrasted against phyletic gradualism, the popular idea that evolutionary change is marked by a pattern of smooth and continuous change in the fossil record.
<Aloysio_Nunes>	Aloysio Nunes Ferreira Filho (born 5 April 1945) is a Brazilian lawyer and politician. A member of PSDB, Nunes was a senator from São Paulo from 2011 to 2017, and was Brazil's Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2017 to 2019.Aloysio Nunes attended the University of São Paulo Law School in the 1960s when he got involved into politics, associated with the Brazilian Communist Party. During the military dictatorship he participated in protest robberies and mugging. Later he was exiled in Paris, France.In 1979 he was able to return to Brazilian soil due to the Amnesty Law, that pardoned the oppositionist political militants. He de-affiliated from the Brazilian Communist Party and joined the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party. In 1982 he was elected deputy in São Paulo. The dictatorship ended in 1985.
<Santiago>	Santiago (/ˌsæntiˈɑːɡoʊ/, US also /ˌsɑːn-/; Spanish: [sanˈtjaɣo]), also known as Santiago de Chile, is the capital and largest city of Chile as well as one of the largest cities in the Americas. It is the center of Chile's most densely populated region, the Santiago Metropolitan Region, whose total population is 8 million which is nearly 40% of the country's population, of which more than 6 million live in the city's continuous urban area. The city is entirely in the country's central valley. Most of the city lies between 500–650 m (1,640–2,133 ft) above mean sea level.
<Nathan_Eccleston>	Nathan Geoffrey Eccleston (born 30 December 1990) is an English footballer who plays as a striker.He started his career as a youth player at Bury, before moving to Liverpool's youth system. Having progressed through the club's youth and reserve system, Eccleston made his debut for the club in a League Cup tie against Arsenal. He made his Premier League debut a few days later against Fulham. During his time at Liverpool, Eccleston went on loan to Huddersfield Town, Charlton Athletic and Rochdale. He left Liverpool in August 2012 and signed for Championship side Blackpool on a one-year deal. The majority of his time at Blackpool was spent on loan at Tranmere Rovers, Carlisle United and Coventry City. In September 2014, Eccleston signed a one-year contract with Partick Thistle, but he left the club in February 2015, then signed for Kilmarnock.
<Son_Ji-chang>	Son Ji-chang (born February 20, 1970) is a South Korean actor, singer and songwriter. He starred in television series such as Mudong's House (1991), The Last Match (1994), Trio (2002), and Rose Fence (2003). He is also member of musical duo The Blue.According to Mr. Son's Facebook, on September 10, 2016, his all electric Sport Utility Vehicle Tesla Model X crashed into his garage.
<Petar_Moskov>	Democrats for a Strong Bulgaria (2004-2016)Reformist Bloc (2013-2018)Independent (2016-2019)
<Mount_Vernon,_New_York>	Mount Vernon is a city in Westchester County, New York, United States. It is an inner suburb of New York City, immediately to the north of the borough of the Bronx. As of the 2020 census, Mount Vernon had a population of 73,893, making it the eighth most populous city in the state (2010).Mount Vernon has two major sections. South-side Mount Vernon is more urban while north-side Mount Vernon is more residential. Mount Vernon's downtown business district is on the city's south side, which features the City Hall, Mount Vernon's main post office, Mount Vernon Public Library, office buildings, and other municipal establishments.
<Candy_Spelling>	Carole Gene "Candy" Spelling (née Marer; born September 20, 1945) is an American author, theater producer, and philanthropist.  She was married to Aaron Spelling from 1968 until his death in 2006.Carole Gene Marer was born in Beverly Hills, California, to Augusta (née Rosen) and Merritt Marer, and grew up in a Jewish home. She has an elder brother, Anthony Marer (born July 24, 1942). Her father was a salesman who founded a chain of furniture stores. Although initially successful, the chain failed as a result of overexpansion. She attended Beverly Hills High School and Chouinard Art Institute in Los Angeles.Spelling's autobiography, Stories from Candyland, released in March 2009, hit The New York Times best seller list two weeks after publication.  Her memoir, Candy at Last, was published by Wiley in May 2014.  She has written for TMZ and the Huffington Post, among others.
<Arnold_Orville_Beckman>	Arnold Orville Beckman (April 10, 1900 – May 18, 2004) was an American  chemist, inventor, investor, and philanthropist. While a professor at California Institute of Technology, he founded Beckman Instruments based on his 1934 invention of the pH meter, a device for measuring acidity (and alkalinity), later considered to have "revolutionized the study of chemistry and biology". He also developed the DU spectrophotometer, "probably the most important instrument ever developed towards the advancement of bioscience". Beckman funded the Shockley Semiconductor Laboratory, the first silicon transistor company in California, thus giving rise to Silicon Valley. After retirement, he and his wife Mabel (1900–1989) were numbered among the top philanthropists in the United States.Beckman was born in Cullom, Illinois, a village of about 500 people in a farming community. He was the youngest son of George Beckman, a blacksmith, and his second wife Elizabeth Ellen Jewkes. He was curious about the world from an early age. When he was nine, Beckman found an old chemistry textbook, Joel Dorman Steele's Fourteen Weeks in Chemistry, and began trying out the experiments. His father encouraged his scientific interests by letting him convert a toolshed into a laboratory.Beckman's mother, Elizabeth, died of diabetes in 1912. Beckman's father sold his blacksmith shop, and became a travelling salesman for blacksmithing tools and materials.  A housekeeper, Hattie Lange, was engaged to look after the Beckman children. Arnold Beckman earned money as a "practice pianist" with a local band, and as an "official cream tester" running a centrifuge for a local store.
<Jakarta>	Jakarta (/dʒəˈkɑːrtə/; Indonesian pronunciation: [dʒaˈkarta] (listen), Betawi: Jakarte), officially the Special Capital Region of Jakarta (Indonesian: Daerah Khusus Ibukota Jakarta) is the capital and largest city of Indonesia. Lying on the northwest coast of Java, the world's most populous island, Jakarta is the largest city in Southeast Asia and serves as the diplomatic capital of ASEAN.The city is the economic, cultural, and political centre of Indonesia. It possesses a province-level status and has a population of 10,609,681 as of mid 2021. Although Jakarta extends over only 664.01 km2 (256.38 sq mi), and thus has the smallest area of any Indonesian province, its metropolitan area covers 9,957.08 km2 (3,844.45 sq mi), which includes the satellite cities Bogor, Depok, Tangerang, South Tangerang, and Bekasi, and has an estimated population of 35 million as of 2021[update], making it the largest urban area in Indonesia and the second-largest in the world (after Tokyo). Jakarta ranks first among the Indonesian provinces in human development index. Jakarta's business and employment opportunities, along with its ability to offer a potentially higher standard of living compared to other parts of the country, have attracted migrants from across the Indonesian archipelago, making it a melting pot of numerous cultures.
<James_Cromwell>	James Oliver Cromwell (born January 27, 1940) is an American actor and activist. Some of his best-known films include Babe (1995), Star Trek: First Contact (1996), L.A. Confidential (1997), The Green Mile (1999), The Queen (2006), Secretariat (2010), The Artist (2011), and Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom (2018). Cromwell is also well known for his performances in television including HBO’s acclaimed Angels in America (2003), Six Feet Under (2003–2005), American Horror Story: Asylum (2012–2013), Succession (2018–present), and Counterpart (2018–2019).
<Lenin_Peace_Prize>	The International Lenin Peace Prize (Russian: международная Ленинская премия мира, mezhdunarodnaya Leninskaya premiya mira) was a Soviet Union award named in honor of Vladimir Lenin. It was awarded by a panel appointed by the Soviet government, to notable individuals whom the panel indicated had "strengthened peace among comrades". It was founded as the International Stalin Prize for Strengthening Peace Among Peoples, but was renamed the International Lenin Prize for Strengthening Peace Among Peoples (Russian: Международная Ленинская премия «За укрепление мира между народами», Mezhdunarodnaya Leninskaya premiya «Za ukrepleniye mira mezhdu narodami») as a result of de-Stalinization. Unlike the Nobel Prize, the Lenin Peace Prize was usually awarded to several people a year rather than to just one individual. The prize was mainly awarded to prominent Communists and supporters of the Soviet Union who were not Soviet citizens. Notable recipients include W. E. B. Du Bois, Fidel Castro, Lázaro Cárdenas, Salvador Allende, Mikis Theodorakis, Seán MacBride, Angela Davis, Pablo Picasso, Oscar Niemeyer, Faiz Ahmad Faiz, Abdul Sattar Edhi, Funmilayo Ransome-Kuti, CV Raman and Nelson Mandela.The prize was created as the International Stalin Prize for Strengthening Peace Among Peoples on December 21, 1949 by executive order of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet in honor of Joseph Stalin's seventieth birthday (although this was after his seventy-first).Following Nikita Khrushchev's denunciation of Stalin in 1956 during the Twentieth Party Congress, the prize was renamed on September 6 as the International Lenin Prize for Strengthening Peace Among Peoples. All previous recipients were asked to return their Stalin Prizes so they could be replaced by the renamed Lenin Prize. By a decision of Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR of December 11, 1989, the prize was renamed the International Lenin Peace Prize. Two years later, after the collapse of USSR in 1991, the Russian government, as the successor state to the defunct Soviet Union, ended the award program. The Lenin Peace Prize is regarded as a counterpart to the existing Nobel Peace Prize.
<Granville_Ryrie>	Major General Sir Granville de Laune Ryrie, KCMG, CB, VD (1 July 1865 – 2 October 1937) was an Australian soldier, politician, and diplomat. He served in the Boer War and the First World War, in the latter commanding the 2nd Light Horse Brigade (1914–1918) and ANZAC Mounted Division (1918–1919). His military career overlapped with his political career in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly (1906–1910) and Federal House of Representatives (1911–1927). He concluded his public service as High Commissioner to the United Kingdom (1927–1932), the first time the position had been held by someone other than a former prime minister.Ryrie was born at Micalago, Michelago, New South Wales on 1 July 1865, into a farming family. His father was Alexander Ryrie, a grazier and member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly (1880–91) and of the Legislative Council (1892–1909), and his mother was Charlotte, née Faunce, both born in New South Wales. Granville was educated at Mittagong and at The King's School, Sydney; he later became a jackaroo, and eventually managed his own property. He was also a good heavyweight boxer. In 1896 he married Mary McFarland, whom Ryrie nicknamed "Mick". Mary McFarland was the daughter of Alfred McFarland (1824–1901), a judge in New South Wales.
<John_Fante>	John Fante (April 8, 1909 – May 8, 1983) was an American novelist, short story writer, and screenwriter. He is best known for his semi-autobiographical novel Ask the Dust (1939) about the life of Arturo Bandini, a struggling writer in Depression-era Los Angeles. It is widely considered the great Los Angeles novel, and is one in a series of four, published between 1938 and 1985, that are now collectively called "The Bandini Quartet". Ask the Dust was adapted into a 2006 film starring Colin Farrell and Salma Hayek. Fante's published works while he lived included five novels, one novella, and a short story collection. Additional works, including two novels, two novellas, and two short story collections, were published posthumously. His screenwriting credits include, most notably, Full of Life (1956, based on his 1952 novel by that name), Jeanne Eagels (1957), and the 1962 films Walk on the Wild Side and The Reluctant Saint.Fante was born in Denver, Colorado, on April 8, 1909, to Nicola Fante from Torricella Peligna (Abruzzo), and Mary Capolungo, a devout Catholic of Lucanian descent who was born in Chicago, Illinois. Nicola Fante was a bricklayer and stonemason, who drank and gambled to excess, leaving the Fante family to experience bouts of poverty. Fante attended various Catholic schools in Boulder, Colorado, before briefly enrolling at the University of Colorado. He dropped out of college in 1929 and “hitchhiked to Los Angeles at age 24” to focus on his writing.Fante and Joyce Smart met on January 30, 1937, and were married on July 31 of that same year in Reno, Nevada.
<Pamela_Franklin>	Pamela Franklin (born 3 February 1950) is a British former actress. She is best known for her role in the film The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie (1969), for which she won a NBR Award and received a BAFTA Award nomination.Franklin made her acting debut at the age of 11 in the film The Innocents (1961). She later established herself as a scream queen in the 1970s by appearing in the films Necromancy (1972) and The Legend of Hell House (1973).
<Ford_Thunderbird_(ninth_generation)>	The ninth generation of the Ford Thunderbird is a personal luxury coupe that was manufactured and marketed by Ford for the 1983 to 1988 model years. In response to the sales downturn of the 1980–1982 Thunderbird, the Thunderbird underwent an extensive model revision for the 1983 model year. While remaining a personal luxury coupe (to minimize overlap with the Ford Mustang), the redesign of the Thunderbird marked a transition of the model range, emphasizing performance and handling over outright luxury and comfort content.  As a central theme of the design, the ninth-generation Thunderbird marks the introduction of highly aerodynamic body design to Ford vehicles in North America (reducing its drag coefficient from 0.50 to 0.35), followed by similarly designed model lines, including the 1984 Ford Mustang SVO, 1984 Ford Tempo, 1986 Ford Aerostar, and 1986 Ford Taurus.  The ninth-generation of the Thunderbird is derived from the Ford Fox platform, as with 1980 Thunderbird (though with a shorter wheelbase). The 4.9 L V8 (5.0 L by Ford) made its return for 1983, coupled with the first (and only) four-cylinder Thunderbird.  Powered by a variant of the Mustang SVO drivetrain, the Thunderbird Turbo Coupe was developed as a high-performance variant.    The ninth-generation Thunderbird is the counterpart of the Mercury Cougar (returning solely to a coupe configuration) and the Continental (later Lincoln) Mark VII (1984–1992).      As with its predecessor, the ninth-generation Ford Thunderbird was produced in Atlanta Assembly and Lorain Assembly (in Hapeville, Georgia, and Lorain, Ohio, respectively). For the 1989 model year, this generation was replaced by the tenth-generation Ford Thunderbird, as the model line shifted from the Fox platform to the MN12 platform.
<Bakrie_Group>	The Bakrie Group is an Indonesian conglomerate founded by Achmad Bakrie in 1942. It has interests across various industries including mining, oil and gas, property development, infrastructure, plantations, media and telecommunications. The group is one of the largest business groups in Indonesia, with 10 companies listed on the Indonesia Stock Exchange.
<Joan_Greenwood>	Joan Mary Waller Greenwood (4 March 1921 – 28 February 1987) was an English actress. Her husky voice, coupled with her slow, precise elocution, was her trademark. She played Sibella in the 1949 film Kind Hearts and Coronets, and also appeared in The Man in the White Suit (1951), Young Wives' Tale (1951), The Importance of Being Earnest (1952), Stage Struck (1958), Tom Jones (1963) and Little Dorrit (1987).Greenwood worked mainly on the stage, where she had a long career, appearing with Donald Wolfit's theatre company in the years following World War II. Later, after the war, her appearances in Ealing comedies are among her memorable screen appearances: Whisky Galore!; as the seductive Sibella in the black comedy Kind Hearts and Coronets (1949); and in The Man in the White Suit (1951). She opened The Grass Is Greener in the West End in 1952 and played Gwendolen in a film version of The Importance of Being Earnest released in the same year.
<Martin_Ostwald>	Martin Ostwald (January 15, 1922 – April 10, 2010) was a German-American classical scholar, who taught until 1992 at Swarthmore College and the University of Pennsylvania. His main field of study was the political structures of Ancient Greece.Born the elder son of a German-Jewish lawyer, Ostwald was raised in Dortmund, where he attended the Municipal Gymnasium (Städtisches Gymnasium). He had always intended to become a classical scholar, but when this possibility was removed by the passage of the Nuremberg Laws of 1935, which closed the German universities to Jews, he decided instead to pursue his interests in teaching and scholarship by becoming a  rabbi. But during the Reichskristallnacht on November 9, 1938, Ostwald was arrested together with his father and his younger brother, Ernst. Forced to leave his parents behind in Germany, Ostwald and his brother were able to emigrate to England via the Netherlands on a Kindertransport. In England, however, Ostwald and other German refugees were, in the wake of the British defeat at Dunkirk, transferred to a concentration camp in Canada.Following his release, Ostwald enrolled at the University of Toronto, where he was able to resume his original interest in classical studies. After graduation in 1946 he continued his studies in the (at that time still quite new) Committee on Social Thought at the University of Chicago, where he wrote an M.A. thesis on the treatment of the Orestes myth by Aeschylus, Sophocles, and Euripides. In 1949 he became a doctoral student under fellow German immigrant Kurt von Fritz at Columbia University in New York City. In 1951 he published his first scholarly article on the Prytaneion Decree (IG 13 131). The following year Ostwald received his Ph.D. after completing his dissertation on the Athenian constitution.
<Scott_Holroyd>	Scott Powell Holroyd (born June 5, 1975) is an American actor.Holroyd was born and raised in Columbia, South Carolina. He graduated from the University of South Carolina in 1998, receiving a B.A. in Mass Communications and Journalism.In September 1999, he moved to New York City to study at the School for Film and Television in Manhattan.
<St_Mary's_Church,_Llanfair-yng-Nghornwy>	St Mary's Church, Llanfair-yng-Nghornwy is a medieval parish church in the north-west of Anglesey, north Wales. The date of foundation of the church, which is in the village of Llanfair-yng-Nghornwy, is unknown, but the oldest parts date from the 11th or 12th century.  It has twice been enlarged: in the 15th century, when the chancel was rebuilt, and in the 16th century, when a chapel was added to the south of the chancel, separated by three arches. The tower at the west end is from the 17th century. A south porch of unknown date has been converted into a vestry, and the church is now entered through the tower.St Mary's is a Grade I listed building, a national designation given to buildings of "exceptional, usually national, interest", in particular because it is regarded as "a fine rural parish church, incorporating significant early Medieval fabric". Writers in the 19th century commented on the "lofty square tower", the "very good" east window, and the "many elegant monuments"; the clergyman and antiquarian Harry Longueville Jones called St Mary's "one of the best specimens of an old parish church in the island". In the 21st century, one writer has noted the "impressive lychgate" and a guide to the buildings of the region calls it "the most important church in north west Anglesey".
<Miami>	Miami (/maɪˈæmi/ my-AM-ee), officially the City of Miami, known as "the 305", "The Magic City", and "Gateway to the Americas", is a coastal metropolis and the county seat of Miami-Dade County in South Florida, United States. With a population of 442,241 at the 2020 census, it is the second-most populous city in Florida and the eleventh-most populous city in the Southeastern United States. The Miami metropolitan area is the ninth largest in the U.S. with a population of 6.138 million in 2020. The city has the third-largest skyline in the U.S. with over 300 high-rises, 58 of which exceed 491 ft (150 m).Miami is a major center and leader in finance, commerce, culture, arts, and international trade. Miami's metropolitan area is by far the largest urban economy in Florida and the 12th largest in the U.S., with a GDP of $344.9 billion as of 2017. According to a 2018 UBS study of 77 world cities, Miami is the second richest city in the U.S. and third richest globally in purchasing power. Miami is a majority-minority city with a Hispanic population of 310,472, or 70.2 percent of the city's population, as of 2020.
<Watchingwell_Halt_railway_station>	Watchingwell Halt, was an intermediate station on the  Freshwater, Yarmouth and Newport Railway, situated near the hamlet of Upper Watchingwell, that started life as a private halt. It was built at the behest of Sir John Barrington Simeon, M.P for Southampton, in 1897, not  included in timetables available to the general public until the creation of the Southern  in 1923, de-staffed in 1948 and closed in 1953. It was, by its very nature, a sparsely used station. It is now a private residence Watchingwell Station adorned with railway memorabilia.The station was described in the Railway Magazine:
<Hamburg>	Hamburg (German: [ˈhambʊʁk] (listen), locally also [ˈhambʊɪ̯ç] (listen); Low Saxon: Hamborg [ˈhambɔːç] (listen)), officially the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg (German: Freie und Hansestadt Hamburg; Low Saxon: Friee un Hansestadt Hamborg), is the second-largest city in Germany after Berlin, as well as the overall 7th largest city and largest non-capital city in the European Union with a population of over 1.85 million. Hamburg's urban area has a population of around 2.5 million and is part of the Hamburg Metropolitan Region, which has a population of over 5.1 million people in total. The city lies on the River Elbe and two of its tributaries, the River Alster and the River Bille. One of Germany's 16 federated states, Hamburg is surrounded by Schleswig-Holstein to the north and Lower Saxony to the south.The official name reflects Hamburg's history as a member of the medieval Hanseatic League and a free imperial city of the Holy Roman Empire. Before the 1871 unification of Germany, it was a fully sovereign city state, and before 1919 formed a civic republic headed constitutionally by a class of hereditary grand burghers or Hanseaten. Beset by disasters such as the Great Fire of Hamburg, North Sea flood of 1962 and military conflicts including World War II bombing raids, the city has managed to recover and emerge wealthier after each catastrophe.
<Larry_Shinoda>	Lawrence Kiyoshi (Larry) Shinoda (March 25, 1930 – November 13, 1997) was a noted American automotive designer who was best known for his work on the Chevrolet Corvette and Ford Mustang.He was born in Los Angeles, California to Issei parents who were both immigrants from Japan. Shinoda's father Kiyoshi arrived in the US when he was 12 and graduated from UC Berkeley with a degree in electrical engineering. His mother, Hide Watanabe, was born in 1906 and emigrated to the US with her parents when she was less than 1; she graduated from Woodbury College. Both of his parents were members of the Union Church of Los Angeles, where they met and were married. Larry had a sister, Aiko (Grace), who was three years older than him and was also artistically inclined.Shinoda grew up in Southern California where he started developing his artistic talents in grade school. Kiyoshi died when Larry was 3. He was interned with his sister, mother, and maternal family (an uncle, two aunts and a grandmother) by the U.S. government during WW II under U.S. Executive Order 9066 into the Manzanar "War Relocation Camp" in California. According to his internee data file, he was in grade 7 and spoke English only when he entered Manzanar; he had never attended a Japanese language school.
<Percy_Williams_Bridgman>	Percy Williams Bridgman (April 21, 1882 – August 20, 1961) was an American physicist who received the 1946 Nobel Prize in Physics for his work on the physics of high pressures. He also wrote extensively on the scientific method and on other aspects of the philosophy of science.  The Bridgman effect, the Bridgman–Stockbarger technique, and the high-pressure mineral bridgmanite are named after him.Bridgman was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and grew up in nearby Auburndale.
<Elaine_Joyce>	Elaine Joyce (born Elaine Joyce Pinchot) is an American actress.Elaine Joyce Pinchot was born in Cleveland, Ohio, of Hungarian ancestry, the daughter of Iliclina (née Nagy) and Frank Pinchot.
<Liam_Miller>	Liam William Peter Miller (13 February 1981 – 9 February 2018) was an Irish professional footballer. Miller began his career with Celtic and was later loaned to Aarhus in 2001. He returned to Celtic Park and broke into the first-team squad during the 2003–04 season. Rejecting the offer of a new contract from Celtic, he joined Manchester United in 2004 on a free transfer under the Bosman ruling. Loaned to Leeds United during the 2005–06 season, Miller made 22 first-team appearances for Manchester United.From 2006 until 2009, he played for Sunderland, followed by a short stay at Queens Park Rangers from January until May 2009, when he was released. Miller joined Hibernian in September of that year on a free transfer. He moved to Australia's A-League in 2011 after his contract with Hibernian expired, and represented Perth Glory, Brisbane Roar and Melbourne City there. In 2015, he joined his hometown team Cork City, and a year later Wilmington Hammerheads.
<Edwin_Simandl>	Edwin (Piggy) Simandl was the owner of the Orange Tornadoes and Newark Tornadoes of the National Football League. He became the team's owner in 1929, when Ole Haugsrud, the owner of Duluth Eskimos, sold his defunct franchise rights to Simandl. This allowed Simandl to place his Orange Tornadoes in the NFL. In addition to running his NFL franchise, Simandl was a wholesale meat salesman, which was why he was given the nickname "Piggy". In 1930, the team moved to Newark and played a dismal season that resulted in just 1 win. Afterward, Simandl sold his franchise rights back to the NFL. However, after a 2-year hiatus, he reorganized his team in Orange. The Tornadoes then defeated the Staten Island Stapletons 7-0 in their first game back.However, according to one of his former players, Ernest Cuneo, Simandl also resembled a pig. Cuneo wrote: "He was also short and fat, with puffy, red-veined jowls, a low forehead and close-set eyes. People in his hometown of Orange, New Jersey, would have given him the same monicker if he'd sold shoes." According to Cuneo, "He was usually officious and always bursting with his own importance, but he was flamboyantly agreeable, and everyone, including the team, liked him." However, it was also reported that the team's payroll was usually late due to the lack of money in the team treasury, which was blamed on poor attendance.Prior to Orange becoming a member of the NFL, the team enjoyed a rivalry with another future NFL franchise, the Staten Island Stapletons. In 1927, Simandl canceled a game against the Stapletons in a dispute over the distribution of gate receipts. A few weeks later before the final Stapletons game of the season that was to be played in Staten Island, Simandl demanded that the Stapes game be played in Orange, New Jersey. To avoid losing the game, Stapletons manager Dan Blaine agreed to play in Orange.
<Carol_Reed>	Sir Carol Reed (30 December 1906 – 25 April 1976) was an English film director and producer, best known for Odd Man Out (1947), The Fallen Idol (1948), The Third Man (1949), and Oliver! (1968), for which he was awarded the Academy Award for Best Director.Odd Man Out was the first recipient of the BAFTA Award for Best British Film. The Fallen Idol won the second BAFTA Award for Best British Film. The British Film Institute voted The Third Man the greatest British film of the 20th century.
<The_Army_Game>	The Army Game is a British television sitcom that aired on ITV from 19 June 1957 to 20 June 1961. It was the very first ITV sitcom and was made by Granada, and created by Sid Colin. It follows the exploits of Hut 29, a dysfunctional group of soldiers and their National Service conscription into the British Army during the post war years.The original cast consisted of William Hartnell, Michael Medwin, Geoffrey Sumner, Alfie Bass, Charles Hawtrey, Bernard Bresslaw and Norman Rossington. The cast would change over the years with actors such as Bill Fraser, Ted Lune, Frank Williams, Harry Fowler and Dick Emery appearing in subsequent series.
<Tel_Aviv_Stock_Exchange>	Coordinates: 34°46′14″N 32°03′52″E﻿ / ﻿34.77059°N 32.06455°E﻿ / 34.77059; 32.06455The Tel Aviv Stock Exchange (TASE; Hebrew: הַבּוּרְסָה לִנְיָירוֹת עֵרֶךְ בְּתֵל אָבִיב; colloquially known as The Bursa, הַבּוּרְסָה‎)  is Israel's only public stock exchange and a public company that has been traded on the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange since August 1, 2019. Legally, the exchange is regulated by the Securities Law (1968), and is under the direct supervision of the Israel Securities Authority (ISA).TASE plays a major role in the Israeli economy, and the 23 TASE members are major banks and investment houses. Trading on TASE is conducted solely through the TASE members that collect a fee for the services they provide. TASE serves to trade securities and to raise capital and debt for companies and the government on the Israeli capital market.
<Gia_Carides>	Gia Carides (born 7 June 1964) is an Australian actress. She portrayed Liz Holt in Strictly Ballroom, Susy Connor in Brilliant Lies, and Cousin Nikki in My Big Fat Greek Wedding.Carides was born in Sydney, Australia, to a Greek father and an English mother. Gia is sister to Zoe Carides, also an actress, and Danielle Carides, a singer songwriter. She began acting at the age of 12; her first film was the drama The Love Letters from Teralba Road.
<Sandra_Dorne>	Sandra Dorne (born Joan Smith; 19 June 1924 – 25 December 1992) was a British actress.Also known as Sandra Holt, Dorne was often known in the 1950s as the B-film Diana Dors. As a platinum blonde, she was a regular female lead in B-films in the late 1940s and early 1950s. She trained at the Rank Organisation's "charm school". Film roles dried up as she grew older, but she still found work and acted mainly in British television, appearing in such series as Z-Cars, The Avengers and The Third Man.
<Jack_Pickford>	John Charles Smith (August 18, 1896 – January 3, 1933), known professionally as Jack Pickford, was a Canadian-American actor, film director and producer. He was the younger brother of actresses Mary and Lottie Pickford.After their father deserted the family, all three Pickford children began working as child actors on the stage. Mary later became a highly popular silent film actress, producer and early Hollywood pioneer. While Jack also appeared in numerous films as the "All American boy next door" and was a fairly popular performer, he was overshadowed by his sister's success. His career declined steadily due to alcohol, drugs and chronic depression.
<Steve_Smith_(academic)>	Sir Steven Murray Smith, FAcSS, FRSA (born 4 February 1952) is an English international relations theorist and long serving university leader. He is the former Vice Chancellor of the University of Exeter and Professor of International Studies.Smith was born on 4 February 1952 in Norwich, England. He attended the City of Norwich School, then a grammar school, on Eaton Road, Norwich. His parents were from working class backgrounds. At a parents' evening, his form master told his parents about their son that "people like you don't go to university". The school afterwards suggested finding a low-skilled job for him.
<Japan_Academy_Prize_(academics)>	The Japan Academy Prize (日本学士院賞) is a prize awarded by the Japan Academy in recognition of academic theses, books, and achievements.An award ceremony has been held every year since 1911. Up to nine of these Prizes are awarded every year. There have been 676 winners and 592 winning works as of 2005. They comprise a certificate, medal, and prize money of one million yen.The ceremony is held on the premises of the Japan Academy in Ueno park. The Emperor has been visiting it since 1949. The three prizes awarded during the ceremony are:
<Scotland_national_football_team>	The Scotland national football team represents Scotland in men's international football and is controlled by the Scottish Football Association. It competes in the three major professional tournaments: the FIFA World Cup, UEFA Nations League and the UEFA European Championship. Scotland, as a country of the United Kingdom, is not a member of the International Olympic Committee, and therefore the national team does not compete in the Olympic Games. The majority of Scotland's home matches are played at the national stadium, Hampden Park.Scotland is the joint oldest national football team in the world, alongside England, whom they played in the world's first international football match in 1872. Scotland has a long-standing rivalry with England, whom they played annually from 1872 until 1989. The teams have met only eight times since then, most recently in a group match during Euro 2020 in June 2021.
<Dakshinaranjan_Mitra_Majumder>	Dakshinaranjan Mitra Majumdar (15 April 1877 – 30 March 1956) was an Indian writer in Bengali of fairy tales and children's literature. He was born at Ulail in Dhaka district of Bengal province in British India (now Dhaka District of Bangladesh). His major contribution to Bengali literature was the collection and compilation of Bengali folk and fairy tales in four volumes – Thakurmar Jhuli (Grandmother's Bag of Tales), Thakurdadar Jhuli (Grandfather's Bag of Tales), Thandidir Thale (Maternal-Grandmother's Bag of Tales) and Dadamashayer Thale (Maternal-Grandfather's Bag of Tales).Dakshinaranjan Mitra Majumdar was born in the village of Ulail, near Savar in Dhaka district. He lost his mother when he was nine, and was brought up by his paternal aunt, Rajlakkhi Devi, in Mymensingh. Dakhshinaranjan recounts the memories of listening to fairytales told by his mother as well as his aunt, in his introduction to Thakurmar Jhuli. At the age of twenty-one, he moved to Murshidabad with his father. Education was not his strong suit, he had to change schools multiple times. However, his father's collection of books was a comfort to him. In Murshidabad, he began to write in different journals, including the Sahitya Parisat Patrika and Pradip. At 25, he published a collection of poems called Utthan (Ascent). On completing his F.A. degree, he returned to Mymensingh, and took over the task of overseeing his aunt's zamindari.
<Judd_Apatow>	Judd Apatow (/ˈæpətaʊ/; born December 6, 1967) is an American comedian, director, producer, and screenwriter, best known for his work in comedy and drama films. He is the founder of Apatow Productions, through which he produced and directed the films The 40-Year-Old Virgin (2005), Knocked Up (2007), Funny People (2009), This Is 40 (2012), Trainwreck (2015), The King of Staten Island (2020), and The Bubble (2022).Additionally through Apatow Productions, he produced and developed the television series Freaks and Geeks (1999–2000), Undeclared (2001–2002), Funny or Die Presents (2010–2011), Girls (2012–2017), Love (2016–2018), and Crashing (2017–2019).
<Frank_Morales>	Frank Morales is an Episcopal priest and activist in New York City.Morales was born in 1949 and grew up in the Jacob Riis Houses on the Lower East Side of Manhattan. His father was Puerto Rican and his mother was Peruvian. He first became involved in politics after the assassinations of John F. Kennedy, Robert F. Kennedy and Martin Luther King Jr. as a member of the Assassination Information Committee.Morales graduated from the General Theological Seminary in 1976, and became an assistant pastor in 1978. In the Bronx he worked with squatters. In one interview he recalled, “I used to walk out of services with a crowbar and we’d open up abandoned buildings…” He now volunteers at St Mark's Church in-the-Bowery.
<CERN>	The European Organization for Nuclear Research, known as CERN (/sɜːrn/; French pronunciation: ​[sɛʁn]; Conseil Européen pour la Recherche Nucléaire), is an intergovernmental organization that operates the largest particle physics laboratory in the world. Established in 1954, it is based in a northwestern suburb of Geneva, on the France–Switzerland border. It comprises 23 member states, and Israel (admitted in 2013) is currently the only non-European country holding full membership. CERN is an official United Nations General Assembly observer.
<Clarence_Williams_(musician)>	Clarence Williams (October 6, 1898 or October 8, 1893 – November 6, 1965) was an American jazz pianist, composer, promoter, vocalist, theatrical producer, and publisher.Williams was born in Plaquemine, Louisiana, to Dennis, a bassist, and Sally Williams, and ran away from home at age 12 to join Billy Kersands' Traveling Minstrel Show, then moved to New Orleans. At first, Williams worked shining shoes and doing odd jobs, but soon became known as a singer and master of ceremonies. By the early 1910s, he was a well-regarded local entertainer also playing piano, and was composing new tunes by 1913. Williams was a good businessman and worked arranging and managing entertainment at the local African American vaudeville theater as well as at various saloons and dance halls around Rampart Street, and at clubs and houses in Storyville.Williams started a music publishing business with violinist/bandleader Armand J. Piron in 1915, which by the 1920s was the leading African-American owned music publisher in the country. He toured briefly with W. C. Handy, set up a publishing office in Chicago, then settled in New York in the early 1920s. In 1921, he married blues singer and stage actress Eva Taylor, with whom he would frequently perform.
<Beida_Jade_Bird_Universal_Sci-Tech>	Beijing Beida Jade Bird Universal Sci-Tech Co., Ltd. known as Jade Bird Universal is a Chinese listed company. It manufactured electronic fire equipment, as well involved in tourism industry and other equity investments. The largest shareholder of Jade Bird Universal is the non-wholly-owned subsidiaries of Peking University.Jade Bird Universal was a former constituent of Hang Seng China Enterprises Index from 10 August 2000 to 3 October 2001.Beida Jade Bird Universal Sci-Tech, known as Jade Bird Universal (pinyin: qīngniǎo huányǔ) once had an intermediate parent company "Beijing Beida Yuhuan Microelectronic System Engineering" (Chinese: 北京市北大宇环微电子系统工程). Yuhuan (Chinese: 宇环) and Huanyu (Chinese: 环宇) literally a word play of the Chinese word Universal (Chinese: 环宇). Like other sister companies, they all bear the brand "Beida Jade Bird", "Jade Bird", "PKU Jade Bird" or "Peking University Jade Bird"
<Chung_Laung_Liu>	Chung Laung Liu (Chinese: 劉炯朗; pinyin: Liú Jiǒnglǎng; 1934 – 7 November 2020), also known as David Liu or C. L. Liu, was a Taiwanese computer scientist. Born in Guangzhou, he spent his childhood in Macau. He received his B.Sc. degree in Taiwan, master's degree and doctorate in United States.Liu received his B.Sc. degree (1956) at the National Cheng Kung University in Taiwan, and his S.M. and E.E. degrees (1960), and his Sc. D. degree (1962) at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He was on the faculty of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (1962–1972) and the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (1972–1998), where he was Associate Provost from 1995 to 1998. He then retired from UIUC and served as President and Professor of Computer Science at the National Tsing Hua University (NTHU) in Hsinchu, Taiwan from February 1998 to February 2002. He was the William Mong Honorary Chair Professor at National Tsing Hua University. He was a Visiting Professor at City University of Hong Kong, and at Waseda University, Tokyo, Japan, and Li K. T. Honorary Chair Professor at National Central University. Since 2007 he was Li Kuo-Ting Forum Professor at National Cheng Kung University.He was the author and co-author of seven books and monographs, and over 180 technical papers. His research interests included computer-aided design of VLSI circuits, real-time systems, computer-aided instruction, combinatorial optimization, and discrete mathematics.
<Betty_Lawford>	Betty Lawford (February 1, 1912 – November 20, 1960) was a United States-based English film and stage actress.Her parents, Ernest Lawford and Janet Slater Lawford, were also actors, and she was a cousin of the actor and socialite Peter Lawford.
<Yul_Kwon>	Yul Julius Kwon (born February 14, 1975) is an American television host and former government official, lawyer, and management consultant based in California. He first gained national recognition and popularity as the winner of the reality TV show Survivor: Cook Islands in 2006. He appeared again in Survivor: Winners at War, where he placed 14th. Kwon hosted the 2012 four-part TV series America Revealed on PBS as well as LinkAsia on Link TV.Kwon was born in Flushing in the Queens borough of New York City, to South Korean immigrants. He moved to Concord, California and attended Northgate High School, in Walnut Creek, where he graduated valedictorian and played varsity water polo and track and field.
<Desert_Inn>	The Desert Inn, also known as the D.I., was a hotel and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada, which operated from April 24, 1950, to August 28, 2000. Designed by architect Hugh Taylor and interior design by Jac Lessman, it was the fifth resort to open on the Strip, the first four being El Rancho Vegas, The New Frontier, the still-operating Flamingo, and the now-defunct El Rancho (then known as the Thunderbird). It was situated between Desert Inn Road and Sands Avenue.The Desert Inn opened with 300 rooms and the Sky Room restaurant, headed by a chef formerly of the Ritz Paris, which once had the highest vantage point on the Las Vegas Strip. The casino, at 2,400 square feet (220 m2), was one of the largest in Nevada at the time. The nine-story St. Andrews Tower was completed during the first renovation in 1963, and the 14-story Augusta Tower became the Desert Inn's main tower when it was completed in 1978 along with the seven-story Wimbledon Tower. The Palms Tower was completed in 1997 with the second and final renovation. The Desert Inn was the first hotel in Las Vegas to feature a fountain at the entrance. In 1997, the Desert Inn underwent a $200 million renovation and expansion, but after it was purchased for $270 million by Steve Wynn in 2000, he decided to demolish it and build a new hotel and resort and casino. The remaining towers of the Desert Inn were imploded in 2004. Today, the Wynn and Encore are where the Desert Inn once stood.
<Roberto_Merino>	Roberto Merino Ramírez (born 19 May 1982) is a Peruvian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder.He also holds Spanish citizenship, due to the many years spent in the country.
<Grant_Show>	Grant Alan Show (born February 27, 1962) is an American actor best known for his role on Melrose Place as Jake Hanson, which he played from 1992 to 1997. Since 2017, Show has portrayed tycoon Blake Carrington in the soap opera reboot Dynasty.Show was born in Detroit, Michigan, to Ed and Kathleen Show (née McMillion), and has a sister, Kelly, with whom he was raised in the Milpitas, California, area. He is a graduate of UCLA, where he was a member of the Alpha Tau Omega fraternity.
<Delphine_(novel)>	Delphine is the first novel by Germaine de Staël, published in 1802.  The book is written in epistolary form (as a series of letters) and examines the limits of women's freedom in an aristocratic society.  Although de Staël denied political intent, the book was controversial enough for Napoleon to exile the author.In this tragic novel, influenced by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe's The Sorrows of Young Werther and Jean-Jacques Rousseau's Julie, or the New Heloise, she reflects on the discussions on divorce in the National Assembly before the Concordat of 1801, when the laws were changed; the consequences after the Battle of Verdun (1792) leading to arrests and the September Massacres, the fate of the émigrés. The main characters have traits of Benjamin Constant and Talleyrand, and the liberalist view of the Italian politician Melzi d'Eril.In a literary and political essay called De la littérature dans ses rapports avec les institutions sociales published in 1800, Germaine de Staël wrote about the history of literature and its links with political contexts, and also advocated the ideas of the Age of Enlightenment, which did not please Napoleon. The emperor of the French was also afraid of de Staël's political relations, and suspected her to be an opponent. Delphine's publication in 1802 made things even worse: de Staël was exiled from Paris, and forbidden to get closer than 40 lieues from the city.
<Christoph_Steinbeck>	Christoph Steinbeck (born 1966 in Neuwied) is a German chemist and has a professorship for analytical chemistry, cheminformatics and chemometrics at the Friedrich-Schiller-Universität Jena in Thuringia, Germany.Steinbeck received his PhD from the University of Bonn in 1995 for work on LUCY, a software program for structural elucidation from nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) correlation experiments. In 2003 he received his habilitation.Steinbeck's research interests have involved the elucidation of chemical structures of metabolites. He was one of the first chemists to develop open source tools for cheminformatics. He initiated JChemPaint, was founder of the Chemistry Development Kit, and is responsible for leading the team working on Chemical Entities of Biological Interest (ChEBI). He headed the Cheminformatics and Metabolomics group at the European Molecular Biology Laboratory-European Bioinformatics Institute in Cambridge, United Kingdom from 2008 to 2016. He became a professor for analytical chemistry, cheminformatics and chemometrics at the Friedrich-Schiller-Universität Jena in Thuringia, Germany in March 2017. Together with a few other chemists he was a founder member of the Blue Obelisk movement in 2005.
<Gabriela_Pichler>	Gabriela Katarina Pichler (born 11 March 1980 in Huddinge) is a Swedish film director and screenwriter.Pichler and her family moved from Stockholm to Örkelljunga when she was eight years old. Her mother, Ruzica Pichler, is from Bosnia and her father is from Austria. Her mother plays one of the roles in her 2012 feature film debut Eat Sleep Die. Pichler attended Öland's documentary school and School of Film Directing in Gothenburg.In 2010, she received a Guldbagge Award at the 45th Guldbagge Awards, in the category for Best Short film for Scratches (Skrapsår), which was her thesis at the School of Film Directing. The same year she received the Bo Widerberg Scholarship.
<François_Baroin>	François Claude Pierre René Baroin (born 21 June 1965) is a French politician and lawyer who served as Finance Minister from 2011 to 2012, following a stint as Budget Minister in the government of Prime Minister François Fillon. A member of The Republicans (LR), he was a long-time ally of Jacques Chirac and has been Mayor of Troyes in Champagne since 1995.Baroin was born in the 12th arrondissement of Paris to an upper-class family. His father Michel Baroin was a student friend of Chirac’s who went on to become a leading freemason, chairman of retailer Fnac and the insurer GMF, and a powerful local politician.
<James_Lee_(screenwriter)>	James Henderson Lee III (January 4, 1923 – July 2, 2002) was an American screenwriter. He is best known for writing several episodes of the 1977 TV miniseries Roots.Born in Pleasant Ridge, Michigan, James Lee graduated from Harvard University and initially worked as a stage actor in New York. Not finding much success, he turned to screenwriting to supplement his income.His fifth play Career, which drew on his experiences as a struggling actor, was an Off Broadway hit.  Lee went on to write the screenplay for the 1959 film of the same name, starring Dean Martin, Tony Franciosa, and Shirley MacLaine.
<Hazel_Rowley>	Hazel Joan Rowley (16 November 1951 – 1 March 2011) was a British-born Australian author and biographer.Born in London, Rowley emigrated with her parents to Adelaide at the age of eight. She studied at the University of Adelaide, graduating with Honours in French and German. Later she acquired a PhD in French. She taught literary studies at Deakin University in Melbourne, before moving to the United States.
<Smith_College>	Smith College is a private liberal arts women's college in Northampton, Massachusetts. It was chartered in 1871 by Sophia Smith and opened in 1875. It is the largest member of the historic Seven Sisters colleges, a group of elite women's colleges in the Northeastern United States. Smith is also a member of the Five College Consortium, along with four other nearby institutions in the Pioneer Valley: Mount Holyoke College, Amherst College, Hampshire College, and the University of Massachusetts Amherst; students of each college are allowed to attend classes at any other member institution. On campus are Smith's Museum of Art and Botanic Garden, the latter designed by Frederick Law Olmsted.Smith has 41 academic departments and programs and is structured around an open curriculum, lacking course requirements and scheduled final exams. It is known for its progressive, politically active student body, and rigorous academics. Undergraduate admissions is exclusively restricted to women, although Smith announced a trans-inclusive admissions policy in 2015. Smith offers several graduate degrees, all of which accept applicants regardless of gender, and co-administers programs leading to Ph.D.s alongside other Five College Consortium members. The college was the first historically women's college to offer an undergraduate engineering degree. Admissions is considered highly selective. It was the first women's college to join the NCAA, and its sports teams are known as the Pioneers.Smith alumnae include notable authors, journalists, activists, feminists, politicians, philanthropists, actresses, filmmakers, academics, businesswomen, CEOs, two First Ladies of the United States, and recipients of the Pulitzer Prize, Rhodes Scholarship, Academy Award, Emmy Award, MacArthur Grant, Peabody Award, and Tony Award.
<Bursaspor>	Bursaspor Kulübü Derneği (Turkish pronunciation: [buɾsaspoɾ kulyby dæɾneji]), commonly known as Bursaspor, is a Turkish sports club located in the city of Bursa. Formed in 1963, the club colours are green and white, with home kits usually featuring both colours in a striped pattern.In the 2009–10 season, the club's men's football team won its first Süper Lig title after finishing with 75 points, one point ahead of the runners-up Fenerbahçe. Bursaspor became the second club outside Istanbul to win a Süper Lig title, joining Trabzonspor who won the first of its six titles in 1975–76. The club has also won the Turkish Cup once and the Prime Minister's Cup twice, as well as the First League twice. The club's first, and most successful foray into European competition came in the 1974–75 European Cup Winners' Cup when it reached the quarter-finals. Bursaspor also took part in the 1986–87, losing in the first round, as well as the 1995 UEFA Intertoto Cup, where it lost in the quarter-finals.
<Zaza_Burchuladze>	Zaza Burchuladze (Georgian: ზაზა ბურჭულაძე) (born 9 September 1973 in Tbilisi, Georgia) is a contemporary postmodern Georgian novelist and dramatist. Currently, he lives and works in Berlin, Germany.Zaza Burchuladze graduated from the monumental and ornamental painting department of Tbilisi State Academy of Arts.
<Charles_J._Fillmore>	Charles J. Fillmore (August 9, 1929 – February 13, 2014) was an American linguist and Professor of Linguistics at the University of California, Berkeley.  He received his Ph.D. in Linguistics from the University of Michigan in 1961. Fillmore spent ten years at Ohio State University and a year as a Fellow at the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences at Stanford University before joining Berkeley's Department of Linguistics in 1971. Fillmore was extremely influential in the areas of syntax and lexical semantics.A three–day conference was held at UC Berkeley in celebration of his 80th birthday in 2009. Fillmore received the 2012 Lifetime Achievement Award of the Association for Computational Linguistics. He died in 2014.Fillmore spent three years in the U.S. Army stationed in Japan, where he intercepted coded Russian conversations on short-wave radio and taught himself Japanese. Following his discharge, he taught English at a Buddhist girls' school while also taking classes at Kyoto University.
<Mackey_Arena>	Mackey Arena is located in West Lafayette, Indiana. Part of the Purdue University campus, it is home to the university's basketball teams, and occasionally hosts home games for the volleyball and wrestling teams. The arena opened in 1967 as a replacement for Lambert Fieldhouse.Originally named Purdue Arena, it was renamed in 1972 to honor Purdue alumnus and long time athletic director Guy "Red" Mackey.  On December 12, 1997, the floor was renamed Keady Court in honor of longtime men's coach Gene Keady. The circular arena, similar to several built in the 1960s, seats 14,804, and is considered by many as one of the loudest arenas in the nation due to its domed aluminum roof.In recent years, Mackey Arena has experienced numerous upgrades and improvements, including:
<Rupesh_D._Gohil>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Masabumi_Kikuchi>	Masabumi Kikuchi (菊地 雅章, Kikuchi Masabumi, 19 October 1939 – 6 July 2015) was a Japanese jazz pianist and composer known for his unique playing style. He worked with many diverse musicians, including Sonny Rollins, Miles Davis, McCoy Tyner, Elvin Jones, Gary Peacock and Paul Motian, and collaborated with Gil Evans and Tōru Takemitsu.Masabumi Kikuchi was born in Tokyo in 1939. Following the firebombing of Tokyo in 1945, his family moved out of the city and settled in the rural Aizuwakamatsu, Fukushima prefecture, where his parents were born.He studied music at the Tokyo Art College High School. While a student, he began buying second-hand records, most likely left behind by American soldiers. His early influences were Duke Ellington, Miles Davis and Thelonious Monk. After graduating, he joined Lionel Hampton's Japanese touring band. He started a quintet with Terumasa Hino but soon after left for the US after winning a scholarship to study at Berklee College of Music. 
<Wernher_von_Braun>	Wernher Magnus Maximilian Freiherr von Braun (/ˌvɜːrnər vɒn ˈbraʊn/ VUR-nər von BROWN, German: [ˌvɛʁnheːɐ̯ fɔn ˈbʁaʊ̯n]; 23 March 1912 – 16 June 1977) was a German-American aerospace engineer and space architect. He was a member of the Nazi Party and Allgemeine SS, as well as the leading figure in the development of rocket technology in Nazi Germany and later a pioneer of rocket and space technology in the United States.As a young man, von Braun worked in Nazi Germany's rocket development program. He helped design and co-developed the V-2 rocket at Peenemünde during World War II. Following the war, he was secretly moved to the United States, along with about 1,600 other German scientists, engineers, and technicians, as part of Operation Paperclip. He worked for the United States Army on an intermediate-range ballistic missile program, and he developed the rockets that launched the United States' first space satellite Explorer 1 in 1958. He worked with Walt Disney on a series of films, which popularized the idea of human space travel in the US and beyond between 1955 and 1957.
<Louis_Delacenserie>	Louis Delacenserie (1838–1909) was a Belgian architect from Bruges. The spelling of his name differs greatly; De la Censerie, Delasencerie, Dela Censerie or Dela Sencerie are the most common alternative forms. His father was a merchant and building contractor from Tournai.Delacenserie studied architecture at the Académie of his native city under Jean-Brunon Rudd (1792–1870). He was a laureate of the Prix de Rome in 1862. This prize enabled him to travel to Paris, Italy and Greece where he could admire masterpieces of antique architecture. After his studies he worked for a while in the office of Louis Roelandt, architect to the city of Ghent who worked in the Neo-Classical style. In his early career Delacenserie adopted the Neo-Classical style of his teachers. After he was appointed architect to the city of Bruges he became involved in the Belgian Gothic Revival movement. He led many "restorations" of the rich Gothic architectural heritage of his native city. This made him familiar with the Gothic brick and sandstone architecture of medieval Flanders. Thanks to his profound knowledge of medieval architecture he was able to imitate this historic style in all its details although he often used new construction techniques and materials in his own original creations.
<Bloom_County>	Bloom County is an American comic strip by Berkeley Breathed which originally ran from December 8, 1980, until August 6, 1989.  It examined events in politics and culture through the viewpoint of a fanciful small town in Middle America, where children often have adult personalities and vocabularies and where animals can talk.On July 12, 2015, Breathed started drawing Bloom County again. The first revived strip was published via Facebook on July 13, 2015.
<Michael_Brandon>	Michael Brandon (born Michael Feldman; April 20, 1945) is an American actor. He is known for his role as James Dempsey in the British drama series Dempsey and Makepeace (1985–1986). His theatre credits include the original Broadway production of Does a Tiger Wear a Necktie? (1969), and playing Jerry Springer in the West End production of Jerry Springer: The Opera (2003–2004).Brandon was born Michael Feldman in Brooklyn, New York, to Miriam (née Tumen) and Sol Feldman. At age nine, he and his family (brother Elliot and sister Debra Lynne) moved to Valley Stream, New York where he attended Memorial Junior High and graduated from Valley Stream Central High School. Brandon then attended the American Academy of Dramatic Arts and made his debut on Broadway before turning to cinema.  He is of Jewish extraction.
<Turin>	Turin (/tjʊəˈrɪn, ˈtjʊərɪn/ ture-IN, TURE-in, Piedmontese: [tyˈriŋ] (listen); Italian: Torino [toˈriːno] (listen)) is a city and an important business and cultural centre in Northern Italy. It is the capital city of Piedmont and of the Metropolitan City of Turin, and was the first Italian capital from 1861 to 1865. The city is mainly on the western bank of the Po River, below its Susa Valley, and is surrounded by the western Alpine arch and Superga Hill. The population of the city proper is 847,287 (31 January 2022) while the population of the urban area is estimated by Eurostat to be 1.7 million inhabitants.  The Turin metropolitan area is estimated by the OECD to have a population of 2.2 million.The city used to be a major European political centre. From 1563, it was the capital of the Duchy of Savoy, then of the Kingdom of Sardinia ruled by the House of Savoy, and the first capital of the Kingdom of Italy from 1861 to 1865. Turin is sometimes called "the cradle of Italian liberty" for having been the political and intellectual centre of the Risorgimento as well as the birthplace of notable individuals who contributed to it, such as Cavour. Although much of its political influence had been lost by World War II (having been a center of anti-fascist movements during the Ventennio including the Italian resistance), Turin became a major European crossroad for industry, commerce and trade, and is part of the "industrial triangle" along with Milan and Genoa. It is ranked third in Italy, after Milan and Rome, for economic strength. With a GDP of $58 billion, the city is the world's 78th richest by purchasing power. As of 2018, the city has been ranked by GaWC as a Gamma-level global city. Turin is also home to much of the Italian automotive industry, hosting the headquarters of FIAT, Lancia and Alfa Romeo.
<Lincoln,_Nebraska>	Lincoln is the capital city of the U.S. state of Nebraska and the county seat of Lancaster County. The city covers 100.4 square miles (260.035 km2) with a population of 292,657 in 2021. It is the second-most populous city in Nebraska and the 73rd-largest in the United States. The city is the economic and cultural anchor of a substantially larger metropolitan area in the southeastern part of the state called the Lincoln Metropolitan and Lincoln-Beatrice Combined Statistical Areas. The statistical area is home to 361,921 people, making it the 104th-largest combined statistical area in the United States.The city was founded in 1856 as the village of Lancaster on the wild salt marshes and arroyos of what was to become Lancaster County.  Renamed after President Abraham Lincoln, it became Nebraska's state capital in 1869. The Bertram G. Goodhue–designed state capitol building was completed in 1932, and is the second tallest capitol in the United States. As the city is the seat of government for the state of Nebraska, the state and the United States government are major employers. The University of Nebraska was founded in Lincoln in 1869. The university is the largest in Nebraska with 26,079 students enrolled, and is the city's third-largest employer. Other primary employers fall into the service and manufacturing industries, including a growing high-tech sector. The region makes up a part of what is known as the greater Midwest Silicon Prairie.
<FC_Lokomotiv_Moscow>	FC Lokomotiv Moscow (FC Lokomotiv Moskva, Russian: Футбольный клуб "Локомотив" Москва, [fʊdˈbolʲnɨj kɫup ɫəkəmɐˈtʲif mɐˈskva]) is a Russian professional football club based in Moscow. Lokomotiv have won the Russian Premier League on three occasions; the Soviet Cup twice; and the Russian Cup a record nine times. After the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, the European Club Association suspended the team.Lokomotiv was founded as Kazanka (Moskovsko-Kazanskaya Zh.D) in 1922. In 1924, the club brought together the strongest football players of several lines of the Moscow railway system as KOR ("Club of the October Revolution"). In 1931, the club was again renamed to Kazanka (Moskovskaya-Kazanskaya Zh.D) and in 1936, it was eventually renamed to as it is known today, Lokomotiv (the name means "Locomotive"). During the Communist rule, Lokomotiv Moscow club was a part of the Lokomotiv Voluntary Sports Society and was owned by the Soviet Ministry of Transportation through the Russian Railways.[citation needed]
<Transmission_Games>	2007-2009:Transmission Games (originally known as IR Gurus) was an Australian game development company, specialising in sports and action games. Originally, Transmission Games was established as IR Gurus Pty Ltd in 1996 by Craig Laughton, Andrew Niere, and Ian Cunliffe with the motto "Game Play is Everything". The company name was changed in February 2008 to Transmission Games and was later purchased by a third party investor. The company was subsequently wound up some 18 months later by the new owner.
<Lippo_Group>	Lippo Group is an Indonesian multinational conglomerate company. The company operates internationally providing property development and management services. It was founded by Mochtar Riady. Lippo has a collective presence across Asia and North America. Lippo Group is one of the largest real estate developers in Indonesia, and is known for various large-scale projects such as Lippo Village.Lippo Group's members Lippo Limited, Lippo Karawaci are listed companies.The Lippo Group began with Lippo Bank, later using this as a platform for regional property development projects.  In 2001, the Lippo Group delved into the education market with the newly minted Putian University (in Putian, Fujian Province, China) by providing international training (using English) for specially-selected accounting and computer science students.
<Marjorie_Rendell>	Marjorie "Midge" Rendell (née Osterlund; born February 13, 1947) is an American attorney and jurist serving as a Senior United States circuit judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit and a former First Lady of Pennsylvania. In 2003, she was named to the PoliticsPA list of "Pennsylvania's Most Politically Powerful Women".Rendell was born in Wilmington, Delaware. Her father was employed as a DuPont executive and she attended Ursuline Academy. She received a Bachelor of Arts degree, cum laude, from the University of Pennsylvania in 1969 and a Juris Doctor from Villanova University School of Law in 1973.After graduating from law school, she practiced as an attorney for 20 years as a partner at the Philadelphia firm of Duane, Morris & Heckscher, where she focused her practice on bankruptcy and commercial litigation. She also served as a mediator for the United States District Court.
<Gerard_Oliva>	Gerard Oliva Gorgori (born 7 October 1989) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Balompédica Linense as a forward.Born in Riudecanyes, Tarragona, Catalonia, Oliva started his youth career in local UE Barri Santes Creus and Gimnàstic de Tarragona, and after a brief period with neighbouring CF Reus Deportiu, he made his senior debuts with CD Logroñés in the 2008–09 season, in Tercera División; however, he left the club in the following transfer window, due to financial problems.In January 2009, Oliva moved abroad and joined Italian side Calcio Catania, being assigned to the Primavera squad. In July, he returned to his country, signing with CD Numancia and being assigned to the reserves in the fourth level. On 4 December of the following year, Oliva made his professional debut, playing the last 26 minutes of a 1–2 home loss against Real Betis, in the Segunda División championship.
<Turkey_national_football_team>	The Turkey national football team (Turkish: Türkiye Millî Futbol Takımı) represents Turkey in men's international football matches. The team is controlled by the Turkish Football Federation (Turkish: Türkiye Futbol Federasyonu), the governing body for football in Turkey, which was founded in 1923 and has been a member of FIFA since 1923 and UEFA since 1962. It has been recognized as Türkiye by FIFA and UEFA since 2022.The team played their first official international game in 1923 and has represented the nation in major competitions since their debut appearance at the 1924 Summer Olympics. They have participated in Summer Olympics a total of six times (1924, 1928, 1936, 1948, 1952 and 1960), and reached the quarter-finals twice, in 1948 and 1952.
<Romeu_Tuma>	Romeu Tuma (October 4, 1931 – October 26, 2010) was a Brazilian politician and a former director of the Federal Police.Tuma was born on October 4, 1931, in São Paulo, Brazil. He died on October 26, 2010, of multiple organ dysfunction syndrome, in the Sirio-Libanês Hospital in São Paulo, where he had been since September, suffering from infectious aphonia.
<Harvard_University>	Harvard University is a private Ivy League research university in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Founded in 1636 as Harvard College and named for its first benefactor, the Puritan clergyman John Harvard, it is the oldest institution of higher learning in the United States and one of the most prestigious and highly ranked universities in the world.The university is composed of ten academic faculties plus Harvard Radcliffe Institute. The Faculty of Arts and Sciences offers study in a wide range of undergraduate and graduate academic disciplines, and other faculties offer only graduate degrees, including professional degrees. Harvard has three main campuses:the 209-acre (85 ha) Cambridge campus centered on Harvard Yard; an adjoining campus immediately across Charles River in the Allston neighborhood of Boston; and the medical campus in Boston's Longwood Medical Area. Harvard's endowment is valued at $50.9 billion, making it the wealthiest academic institution in the world. Harvard's endowment per student is the fifth-largest in the United States. Endowment income enables the undergraduate college to admit students regardless of financial need and provide generous financial aid with no loans. Harvard Library is the world's largest academic library system, comprising 79 individual libraries holding about 20.4 million items.
<Canal+_(Spanish_TV_channel)>	Canal+ was a Spanish commercial television channel launched in September 1990 on terrestrial television frequencies. The channel was operated by Sogecable, before its eventual sale to Telefónica, and was available on the digital satellite television and IPTV platform Movistar+.In 1997, new channels using the Canal+ brand were launched in Spain, following the launch of Canal Satélite Digital. Just as on the other markets where Canal+ was present, the channels were named after colours: Canal+ Rojo (Canal+ Red) and Canal+ Azul (Canal+ Blue). A special channel broadcasting content in 16:9 aspect ratio was launched later, but it was replaced by a time-shift channel in 2001. In 2003, the colour channels were replaced with the second channel called Canal+ 2 and three dedicated movie channels and three dedicated sports channels.In 2005, the Spanish government agreed to a change in the license terms for the channel. The permission to change the channel from a mostly encrypted channel to a 24-hour free-to-air channel was officially given by the council of ministers on 29 July 2005. From November 2005, its analogue terrestrial frequencies were given to Sogecable's new channel named Cuatro ("Four").
<For_Want_of_a_Nail_(novel)>	For Want of a Nail: If Burgoyne Had Won at Saratoga is an alternate history novel published in 1973 by the American business historian Robert Sobel. The novel depicts an alternate world where the American Revolution was unsuccessful.  Although it is fiction, the novel takes the form of a work of nonfiction, specifically an undergraduate-level history of North America from 1763 to 1971.  The fictional history includes a full scholarly apparatus, including a bibliography of 475 works and 860 footnotes citing imaginary books and articles; three appendices listing the leaders of the Confederation of North America, the United States of Mexico, and Kramer Associates; an index; a contemporary map of the alternate North America; and a preface thanking imaginary people for their assistance with the book.  The book also includes a critique of itself by Professor Frank Dana, an imaginary Mexican historian with two books listed in the bibliography.In the alternate world it describes, For Want of a Nail is a history of North America written by Robert Sobel, a business historian. North America is divided between two nations: the Confederation of North America (CNA), a union of British colonies that remains nominally associated with the  United British Empire, and the United States of Mexico (USM), a bilingual nation resulting from an influx of expatriate American rebels to Colonial Mexico. Other major powers include the United British Empire itself; the German Empire, which dominates much of Europe and the Middle East; the Japanese Empire, which dominates eastern Asia; and Kramer Associates (KA), a vast transnational corporation (similar to the British East India Company) that arose in the USM but is now based in Taiwan. All of the powers are engaged in a nuclear arms race that was initiated by Kramer Associates' detonation of an atomic bomb in 1962.
<Bruges_City_Hall>	The City Hall (Dutch: Stadhuis (help·info)) of Bruges, Belgium, is one of the oldest city halls in the entire Netherlands region. It is located on Burg Square, the area of the former fortified castle in the centre of Bruges.After a fire in the city's Belfry in 1280 the old Ghyselhuus, which had already fallen into disuse as the jail of the count of Flanders, was still the meeting place for the city council. In 1376 the Ghyselhuus was pulled down and replaced by a new purpose built council building. Count Louis laid the foundation stone. Responsibility for its construction was given to Jan Roegiers, and the project was completed late in 1421. The City Hall is the earliest late Gothic monumental-style municipal council building in Flanders or Brabant: its flamboyant opulence testifies to the city's economic and political power at a time when the population of Bruges is believed to have reached more than 37,000, or even 45,000 people.The pioneering stone facade of the oldest part, which during the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries was several times extended towards the south, inspired in quick succession the city halls of Brussels, Ghent, Leuven and Oudenaarde. The building's admirers highlight the effect of the "Brugian span", referring to the abundance of repeating systematically positioned niches encompassing the windows, though it is not clear that this effect was invented in Bruges.
<FC_Basel>	Fussball Club Basel 1893, widely known as FC Basel, FCB, or just Basel, is a Swiss football club based in Basel, in the Canton of Basel-Stadt. Formed in 1893, the club has been Swiss national champions 20 times, Swiss Cup winners 13 times, and Swiss League Cup winners once.Basel have competed in European competitions every season since 1999–2000. They have qualified for the Group stages of the Champions League more times than any other Swiss club – a total of seven times – and are the only Swiss club to have ever qualified to the Group stages directly. In 2021 they set the new record for a Swiss team with the most successful international group stage campaign by reaching 14 points in their Conference League group.
<Kenneth_Peach>	Kenneth D. Peach, Sr. (March 6, 1903 – February 27, 1988) was an American cinematographer.Kenneth D. Peach Sr. was born in El Reno, Indian Territory (in what is now Oklahoma). Peach entered the film industry in 1923 and became a director of photography in 1926. He worked with composite processes, miniatures, montages and matte shots for Tiffany Pictures for two years, then joined Fred Jackman's technical effects department at Warner Bros.- First National for three years. In 1931 he joined RKO Pictures' special effects department. In 1933 he began a long association with producer Hal Roach of Hal Roach Studios, where he shot several  Laurel and Hardy films (Dirty Work, Sons of the Desert). In his later career, he worked in both film and television, in TV series such as Lassie (73 episodes, 1958–1960), The Outer Limits (25 episodes, 1964–1965), H.R. Pufnstuf (17 episodes, 1969–1970), Taxi (59 episodes, 1980–1983), before retiring in 1984.He was married to actress Pauline Curley from 1922 until his death. They had two sons, cinematographer Kenneth Peach, Jr., and Martin Peach, who worked  as a key grip on the Disney television series, Wizards of Waverly Place and a daughter Pauline A. Reynolds.
<John_Travolta>	John Joseph Travolta (born February 18, 1954) is an American actor. He came to public attention during the 1970s, appearing on the television sitcom Welcome Back, Kotter (1975–1979) and starring in the box office successes Carrie (1976), Saturday Night Fever (1977), Grease (1978), and Urban Cowboy (1980). His acting career declined throughout the 1980s, but he enjoyed a resurgence in the 1990s with his role in Pulp Fiction (1994), and went on to star in films including Get Shorty (1995), Broken Arrow (1996), Phenomenon (1996), Face/Off (1997), A Civil Action (1998), Primary Colors (1998), Hairspray (2007), and Bolt (2008).Travolta was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for his performances in Saturday Night Fever and Pulp Fiction. He won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy for his performance in Get Shorty and has received a total of six nominations, the most recent being in 2011. In 2014, he received the IIFA Award for Outstanding Achievement in International Cinema. In 2016, Travolta received his first Primetime Emmy Award, as a producer of the first season of the anthology series American Crime Story, subtitled The People v. O. J. Simpson. He also received an additional Emmy nomination and a Golden Globe nomination for his portrayal of lawyer Robert Shapiro in the series. 
<Inkpot_Award>	The Inkpot Award is an honor bestowed annually since 1974 by Comic-Con International.  It is given to professionals in the fields of comic books, comic strips, animation, science fiction, and related areas of popular culture, at CCI's annual convention, the San Diego Comic-Con. Also eligible are members of Comic-Con's Board of Directors and convention committee.The recipients, listed below, are known primarily as comics creators, including writers; artists; letterers; colorists; editors; or publishers; unless otherwise noted.Source: 1974-2007, 1974-2011, 1974-2013
<Alexander_Morgan_Hamilton>	Alexander Morgan Hamilton (January 25, 1903 – May 29, 1970) was an American philanthropist and civil servant. He was the grandson of J. P. Morgan the financier, and great-great-grandson of Alexander Hamilton, the first Secretary of the Treasury of the United States.Alexander Morgan Hamilton was born on January 25, 1903 in New York City to William Pierson Hamilton (1869–1950) and Juliet Pierpont Morgan (1870–1952), one of four children born to  John Pierpont Morgan (1837–1913), the financier. Through his paternal grandfather, William Gaston Hamilton (1832–1913), and his great-grandfather, John Church Hamilton, he was the great-great-grandson of Alexander Hamilton, the first United States Secretary of the Treasury, and Elizabeth Schuyler (1757–1854). His siblings included Helen Morgan Hamilton (1896–1985), Pierpont Morgan Hamilton (1898–1982), and Elizabeth Schuyler Hamilton (1908–1919).
<FC_Kuban_Krasnodar>	FC Kuban (Russian: Футбольный клуб "Кубань" Краснодар) was a Russian football club based in Krasnodar. The team began playing in the Russian Premier League in 2011, after it was promoted for winning the Russian First Division.FC Kuban was one of the oldest football clubs in Russia. Founded as Dynamo of the Krasnodar NKVD, FC Kuban changed its affiliations because of changing politics in the USSR.Club members and fans were called "Kubantsy" (Russian: Кубанцы) (because of its location) or "yellow-greens" (the club colours). The team was also known as the "Cossacks" by fans. Other nicknames associated with the club colours were "The Canaries" (analogous to the similar colours of the French FC Nantes, the English Norwich City F.C.) and "The Toads" (primarily by opponents and the Kuban Ultras).
<Nashville,_Tennessee>	Nashville is the capital city of the U.S. state of Tennessee and the seat of Davidson County. With a population of 689,447 at the 2020 U.S. census, Nashville is the most populous city in the state, 21st most-populous city in the U.S., and the fourth most populous city in the southeastern U.S. Located on the Cumberland River, the city is the center of the Nashville metropolitan area, which is one of the fastest growing in the nation.Named for Francis Nash, a general of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War, the city was founded in 1779. The city grew quickly due to its strategic location as a port on the Cumberland River and, in the 19th century, a railroad center. Nashville seceded with Tennessee during the American Civil War; in 1862 it was the first state capital in the Confederacy to be taken by Union forces. After the war, the city reclaimed its position and developed a manufacturing base.Since 1963, Nashville has had a consolidated city-county government, which includes six smaller municipalities in a two-tier system. The city is governed by a mayor, a vice-mayor, and a 40-member metropolitan council; 35 of the members are elected from single-member districts, while the other five are elected at-large. Reflecting the city's position in state government, Nashville is home to the Tennessee Supreme Court's courthouse for Middle Tennessee, one of the state's three divisions.
<Joseph_Hubert_McGuire>	Joseph Hubert McGuire (January 21, 1866 — April 28, 1947) was an American architect practicing in New York City, where he specialized in Catholic churches and institutions.  According to his headstone, McGuire was born January 21, 1865, although all other sources indicate 1866.  (Gate of Heaven Cemetery, Hawthorne, NY)He was born in New York in 1866 and studied at City College of New York, St. Francis College and the École des Beaux-Artsin Paris.  McGuire's training at the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris made him a deft practitioner in the Beaux-Arts styles.
<Jörg_Schneider>	Jörg Schneider may refer to:
<Harlow_Shapley>	Harlow Shapley (November 2, 1885 – October 20, 1972) was an American scientist, head of the Harvard College Observatory (1921–1952), and political activist during the latter New Deal and Fair Deal.Shapley used Cepheid variable stars to estimate the size of the Milky Way Galaxy and the Sun's position within it by using parallax. In 1953 he proposed his "liquid water belt" theory, now known as the concept of a habitable zone.Shapley was born on a farm five miles outside Nashville, Missouri, to Willis and Sarah (née Stowell) Shapley. He went to school in Jasper, Missouri, but not beyond elementary school. He worked as a journalist after studying at home and covering crime stories as a newspaper reporter for the Daily Sun in Chanute, Kansas, and intermittently for the Times of Joplin, Missouri. In Chanute, he found a Carnegie library and started reading and studying on his own. Shapley returned to complete a six-year high school program in 1.5 years, graduating as class valedictorian.
<Israel_Zangwill>	Israel Zangwill (21 January 1864 – 1 August 1926) was a British author at the forefront of cultural Zionism during the 19th century, and was a close associate of Theodor Herzl.  He later rejected the search for a Jewish homeland in Palestine and became the prime thinker behind the territorial movement.Zangwill was born in London on 21 January 1864, in a family of Jewish immigrants from the Russian Empire. His father, Moses Zangwill, was from what is now Latvia, and his mother, Ellen Hannah Marks Zangwill, was from what is now Poland. He dedicated his life to championing the cause of people he considered oppressed, becoming involved with topics such as Jewish emancipation, Jewish assimilation, territorialism, Zionism, and women's suffrage. His brother was novelist Louis Zangwill.
<Debra_Marshall>	Debra Gale Marshall (formerly McMichael and Williams; born March 2, 1960) is an American former professional wrestling valet, occasional professional wrestler, and actress. She is best known for her appearances with World Championship Wrestling (WCW) between 1995 and 1998 as Queen Debra and with the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) between 1998 and 2002 as simply Debra. Marshall began her career in professional wrestling in 1995, accompanying her husband Steve "Mongo" McMichael to the ring in WCW. She joined the WWF in 1998, where she managed the tag team of Jeff Jarrett and Owen Hart until Hart's in-ring death in May 1999. Later that year, she won the WWF Women's Championship from Sable in an evening gown match. She later appeared on-screen with her second husband Stone Cold Steve Austin until 2002, when the duo left the company. 
<Home_(Robinson_novel)>	Home is a novel written by the Pulitzer Prize-winning American author Marilynne Robinson. Published in 2008, it is Robinson's third novel, preceded by Housekeeping in 1980 and Gilead in 2004.The novel chronicles the life of the Boughton family, specifically the father, Reverend Robert Boughton, and Glory and Jack, two of Robert's adult children who return home to Gilead, Iowa. A companion to Gilead, Home is an independent novel that takes place concurrently and examines some of the same events from a different angle.The novel won one of the 2008 Los Angeles Times Book Prizes, the 2009 Orange Prize for Fiction and was a finalist for the 2008 National Book Award for Fiction.
<Australian_Labor_Party_(Anti-Communist)>	The Democratic Labour Party (DLP), formerly the Democratic Labor Party, is an Australian political party. It broke off from the Australian Labor Party (ALP) as a result of the 1955 ALP split, originally under the name Australian Labor Party (Anti-Communist), and was renamed the Democratic Labor Party in 1957. In 1962, the Queensland Labor Party, a breakaway party of the Queensland branch of the Australian Labor Party, became the Queensland branch of the DLP.The DLP was represented in the Senate from its formation through to 1974. The party held or shared the balance of power on several occasions, winning 11 percent of the vote at its peak in 1970, which resulted in it holding five out of the 60 Senate seats. It has never achieved representation in the House of Representatives but, due to Australia's instant-runoff voting system, it remained influential due to its recommendations for preference allocations. With anti-communism as a strong priority, the DLP almost always directed that its voters preference the Liberal Party and Country Party ahead of the ALP, contributing to the electoral dominance of the Coalition during the 1950s and 1960s. The DLP won seats in the state parliaments of Victoria, Queensland and New South Wales.
<CF_Reus_Deportiu>	Club de Futbol Reus Deportiu, S.A.D. was a Spanish football team based in Reus, in the autonomous community of Catalonia. Founded in 1909, it last competed in the Segunda Division (while its B team competed in the Tercera Division) before folding during the 2018–19 Segunda División season. It held its home games at Estadi Municipal, with a capacity of 4,700 seats.CD Reus was founded on 23 November 1909 after the dissolution of Reus Sport Club. On 29 September 1917, the club merged with Club Velocipedista and SC Olímpia becoming the multi-sports club Reus Deportiu.In 1951, Reus Deportiu was restructured into two independent entities: CF Reus Deportiu, entirely dedicated to football, and Reus Deportiu, supporting the other sports, roller hockey being the most well known.
<8½>	8+1⁄2 (Italian title: Otto e mezzo, pronounced [ˈɔtto e mˈmɛddzo]) is a 1963 surrealist comedy-drama film directed and co-written (with Tullio Pinelli, Ennio Flaiano and Brunello Rondi) by Italian filmmaker Federico Fellini. The metafictional narrative centers on Guido Anselmi, played by Marcello Mastroianni, a famous Italian film director who suffers from stifled creativity as he attempts to direct an epic science fiction film. Claudia Cardinale, Anouk Aimée, Sandra Milo, Rossella Falk, Barbara Steele, and Eddra Gale portray the various women in Guido's life. The film is shot in black and white by cinematographer Gianni Di Venanzo and features a soundtrack by Nino Rota, with costume and set designs by Piero Gherardi.8+1⁄2 was critically acclaimed and won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film and Best Costume Design (black-and-white). It is acknowledged as an avant-garde film and a highly influential classic. It was ranked 10th on the British Film Institute's The Sight & Sound Greatest Films of All Time 2012 critics' poll and 4th by directors. It is listed on the Vatican's compilation of the 45 best films made before 1995, the 100th anniversary of cinema. The film ranked 7th in BBC's 2018 list of The 100 Greatest Foreign Language Films voted by 209 film critics from 43 countries around the world.
<Gangs_of_New_York>	Gangs of New York is a 2002 American epic historical drama film directed by Martin Scorsese and written by Jay Cocks, Steven Zaillian and Kenneth Lonergan, based on Herbert Asbury's 1927 book The Gangs of New York. The film stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Daniel Day-Lewis and Cameron Diaz, with Jim Broadbent, John C. Reilly, Henry Thomas, Stephen Graham, Eddie Marsan and Brendan Gleeson in supporting roles.The film is set in 1862, when a long-running Catholic–Protestant feud erupts into violence, just as an Irish immigrant group is protesting against the threat of conscription.
<Bob_Murawski>	Bob Murawski (born June 14, 1964) is an American film editor. He was awarded the 2010 Academy Award for Best Film Editing for his work on The Hurt Locker, which he shared with his wife, fellow editor Chris Innis. He often works with film director Sam Raimi, having edited the Spider-Man trilogy, Oz the Great and Powerful, and Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness. Murawski is an elected member of the American Cinema Editors, and is (with Sage Stallone) the co-founder of Grindhouse Releasing, an acclaimed film distribution company specializing in re-releases of cult films.Murawski was born in Bad Axe, Michigan, and grew up in the thumb of the state. He was the valedictorian at his high school in Bad Axe, Michigan, and graduated from Michigan State University with a major in Telecommunications. Soon after graduation, he interned with Detroit-based film sub-distributor, Bob Mason of Mason Releasing. Murawski then moved to Hollywood, where he worked as an assistant editor on several films, including Raimi's comic-book-inspired picture Darkman.
<Art_Kim>	Art Kim was an American basketball executive.Kim was a Korean-American, born on Maui, Hawaii, who was a college basketball player, AAU administrator, and team owner.Kim was involved with the Washington Generals and owned the Hawaii Chiefs and Long Beach Chiefs of the American Basketball League before becoming the owner of the Anaheim Amigos of the American Basketball Association.  In the Amigos' first season in the new ABA Kim had the team open the season with a six-game, 13 day road trip, because ABA teams at the time shared gate receipts and Kim wanted to play in as many teams' first home games as possible.  During that first season, Kim fired head coach Al Brightman after a 13-24 start, promoting him to public relations director and replacing him with Harry Dinnel. Art Kim also initiated the 3 point shot, which the NBA called a gimmick and said it would never adopt it.  
<People's_Alliance_(Spain)>	The People's Alliance (Spanish: Alianza Popular, AP) was a post-Francoist electoral coalition, and later a conservative political party in Spain, founded in 1976 as a federation of political associations. Transformed into a party in 1977 and led by Manuel Fraga, it became the main conservative right-wing party in Spain. It was refounded as the People's Party in 1989.AP was born on 9 October 1976 as a federation of political associations (proto-parties). The seven founders were Manuel Fraga, Laureano López Rodó, Cruz Martínez Esteruelas, Federico Silva Muñoz, Gonzalo Fernández de la Mora, Licinio de la Fuente and Enrique Thomas de Carranza [es]. All seven had been officials in the dictatorship of Francisco Franco; the first six had held cabinet-level posts. They became known as los siete magníficos ("The Magnificent Seven").Giving up in the project of a "reformist centre" Fraga and his small association Democratic Reform (successor of GODSA [es]) made a turn towards neo-Francoism (the opposite path was followed by Adolfo Suárez) and joined and led what was to become, until 1979, the main neo-Francoist platform. The party position was perceived to be middleground between the right wing and the extreme right.
<Ram_Mohan_P>	Ram Mohan Paruvu (born 21 May 1969) is an Indian film screenwriter, producer, and director known for his works in Telugu cinema. He owns the production house Sunshine Cinemas.Ram Mohan was born into a Telugu speaking family from Amalapuram, Andhra Pradesh. He produced Ashta Chamma and Golconda High School under his production company Art Beat Capital and later he started producing films under Sunshine Cinemas, a Telugu movie production company established in April, 2012.
<Illinois>	Illinois (/ˌɪləˈnɔɪ/ (listen) IL-ə-NOY) is a state in the Midwestern United States. Its largest metropolitan areas include the Chicago metropolitan area, and the Metro East section, of Greater St. Louis. Other smaller metropolitan areas include, Peoria and Rockford, as well Springfield it’s capital. Of the fifty U.S. states, Illinois has the fifth-largest gross domestic product (GDP), the sixth-largest population, and the 25th-largest land area.Illinois has a highly diverse economy, with the global city of Chicago in the northeast, major industrial and agricultural hubs in the north and center, and natural resources such as coal, timber, and petroleum in the south. Owing to its central location and favorable geography, the state is a major transportation hub: the Port of Chicago has access to the Atlantic Ocean through the Great Lakes and Saint Lawrence Seaway and to the Gulf of Mexico from the Mississippi River via the Illinois Waterway. Additionally, the Mississippi, Ohio, and Wabash rivers form parts of the state's boundaries. Chicago's O'Hare International Airport has been among the world's ten busiest airports for decades. Illinois has long been considered a microcosm of the United States and a bellwether in American culture, exemplified by the phrase Will it play in Peoria?.
<Bruce_Timm>	Bruce Walter Timm (born February 5, 1961) is an American artist, animator, writer, and producer. He has contributed to building the modern DC Comics animated franchise, most notably Batman: The Animated Series (1992–1995) and the subsequent DC Animated Universe (DCAU), for which Timm created most of the character designs. Timm and Paul Dini co-created the characters Harley Quinn and Terry McGinnis.Timm began his animation career as a layout artist for animation studios such as Filmation, Bakshi Productions, and Don Bluth Productions, before joining Warner Bros. in 1989. In addition to Batman: The Animated Series, Timm was a producer and writer for other DCAU series such as Superman: The Animated Series (1996–2000), The New Batman Adventures (1997–1999), Batman Beyond (1999–2001), Justice League (2001–2004), and Justice League Unlimited (2004–2006). He also co-created Freakazoid! (1995–1997) with Dini and developed Green Lantern: The Animated Series (2012–2013). Following the conclusion of the DCAU, Timm went on to produce several DC animated films.
<Scott_Sinclair>	Scott Andrew Sinclair (born 25 March 1989) is an English professional footballer who plays as a winger for EFL League One club Bristol Rovers. He represented England at youth level, from the under-17s to the under-21s, and also played for Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Olympics.He started his career with Bristol Rovers, before moving to Chelsea, from where he spent periods on loan at Plymouth Argyle, Queens Park Rangers, Charlton Athletic, Crystal Palace, Birmingham City and Wigan Athletic. In 2010 he signed for Swansea City and in 2012 for Manchester City, who loaned him to West Bromwich Albion and Aston Villa. He joined Villa on a permanent contract in 2015, and moved on to Celtic in August 2016. In his first season with Celtic he won both the PFA Scotland Players' Player of the Year and SFWA Footballer of the Year awards, and he stayed with the club for a further two-and-a-half seasons before returning to England with Preston North End. In October 2022 he signed a short-term deal to return to his boyhood club Bristol Rovers.
<Latvia_national_under-19_football_team>	The Latvia national under-19 football team is the national under-19 football team of Latvia and is controlled by the Latvian Football Federation.The team competes in the UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship, held every year.The following squad has been called up for the 2020 UEFA European Under-19 Championship qualification round matches, taking place in Rīga, Latvia on 8–14 October 2019.
<Jersey_City,_New_Jersey>	Jersey City is the second-most populous city in the U.S. state of New Jersey, after Newark. It is the county seat of Hudson County and the county's largest city. The city's population as of the 2020 United States census was 292,449.Constituting part of the New York metropolitan area, Jersey City is bounded on the east by the Hudson River and Upper New York Bay and on the west by the Hackensack River and Newark Bay. A port of entry, with 30.7 miles (49.4 km) of waterfront and extensive rail infrastructure and connectivity, the city is an important transportation terminus and distribution and manufacturing center for the Port of New York and New Jersey. Jersey City shares significant mass transit connections with Manhattan. Redevelopment of the Jersey City waterfront has made the city one of the largest centers of banking and finance in the United States and has led to the district and city being nicknamed Wall Street West. By the early 2020s, the construction of residential high-rises made median rental rates the highest of any city in the United States.
<Ford_Mustang_(sixth_generation)>	The sixth-generation Ford Mustang (S550) is the current iteration of the Mustang pony car manufactured by Ford.  In departure from prior Mustang models, the sixth-generation Mustang includes fully independent rear suspension on all models, as well as an optional 2.3L EcoBoost turbocharged and direct injected four-cylinder engine. The new Mustang was introduced as a 2015 model year vehicle, marking the fiftieth anniversary of the Ford Mustang, which was revealed as a 1965 model year vehicle on April 17, 1964.The sixth generation is also the first Ford Mustang to be marketed and sold globally, and represented the first time that factory right-hand-drive Mustangs were produced in addition to the left-hand-drive models. This is part of the "One Ford" business plan, which also applies to the Fiesta, Focus, Fusion/Mondeo, Escape/Kuga, Edge, Ford Transit Connect, and Ford Transit, as well as other models.The sixth generation of the Ford Mustang debuted on December 5, 2013, with same-day media events in Dearborn, Michigan, Los Angeles, California, New York City, New York, Barcelona, Spain, Shanghai, China, and Sydney, Australia. The 2015 Mustang marks the 50th anniversary of continuous Mustang production, which began in March 1964 in advance of the debut of the original Mustang at the 1964 New York World's Fair on April 17, 1964, in Flushing, Queens.
<Samuel_Pierpont_Langley>	Samuel Pierpont Langley (August 22, 1834 – February 27, 1906) was an American  aviation pioneer, astronomer and physicist who invented the bolometer. He was the third secretary of the Smithsonian Institution and a professor of astronomy at the University of Pittsburgh, where he was the director of the Allegheny Observatory.Langley was born in Roxbury, Boston, on August 23, 1834.
<Elizabeth_Rees-Williams>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Zubin_Mehta>	Zubin Mehta AC (born 29 April 1936) is an Indian conductor of Western  classical music. He is music director emeritus of the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra (IPO) and conductor emeritus of the Los Angeles Philharmonic.Mehta's father was the founder of the Bombay Symphony Orchestra, and Mehta received his early musical education from him. When he was 18, he enrolled in the Vienna state music academy, from which he graduated after three years with a diploma as a conductor. He began winning international competitions and conducted the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic at age 21. Beginning in the 1960s, Mehta gained experience by substituting for celebrated maestros throughout the world.
<Isabel_dos_Santos>	Isabel dos Santos ([i.zɐˈβɛɫ duʃ ˈsɐ̃.tuʃ]; born 20 April 1973) is an Angolan businesswoman, the eldest child of Angola's former President José Eduardo dos Santos, who ruled the country as a dictator from 1979 to 2017. Once considered Africa's richest woman according to Forbes magazine, with a net worth exceeding US$2 billion, she was dropped from the magazine's list in January 2021 after the freezing of her assets in Angola, Portugal and the Netherlands. She owes $340 million to the Portuguese company PT Ventures.In 2013 Forbes described how dos Santos acquired her wealth by taking stakes in companies doing business in Angola, suggesting that her wealth came almost entirely from her family's power and connections.  Since 2018, the Angolan government has been trying to prosecute Isabel dos Santos for corruption that may have led to Angola's ongoing recession. On 30 December 2019, the Luanda Provincial Court ordered to freeze dos Santos's Angolan bank accounts and to seize her stake in local companies, including Unitel (Angola) and Banco de Fomento Angola. Two weeks later, the Angolan Government announced it prepared the legal battle to confiscate dos Santos's assets in Portugal, a process that in operation in the form of letters rogatory sent to Portugal to stop the transfer of funds from Portuguese Commercial Bank to a Russian bank.[which?] As of January 2020, she was under investigation in Portugal and has since assumed the United Arab Emirates as her official country of residence. In December 2021, the US State Department barred Dos Santos and her immediate family from entering the United States, citing "significant corruption by misappropriating public funds for her personal benefit". On 18 November 2022, Interpol issued a warrant for her arrest.
<Da_Butt>	"Da Butt" is a single released in 1988 from the original soundtrack to the film School Daze.  The song was written by Marcus Miller and performed by the D.C.-based go-go band E.U.  The song reached number one on the Billboard's Hot Black Singles chart for the week of April 23, 1988, and was ranked #61 on VH1's 100 Greatest One Hit Wonders of the 80s. The music video was directed by Spike Lee.During the 93rd Academy Awards, actress Glenn Close danced to the song. In response, Gregory "Sugar Bear" Elliot of E.U. reacted by stating it was like winning a lottery ticket.
<Canterbury>	Canterbury (/ˈkæntərb(ə)ri/ (listen), /-bɛri/) is a cathedral city and UNESCO World Heritage Site, situated in the heart of the City of Canterbury local government district of Kent, England. It lies on the River Stour.The Archbishop of Canterbury is the primate of the Church of England and the worldwide Anglican Communion owing to the importance of St Augustine, who served as the apostle to the pagan Kingdom of Kent around the turn of the 7th century. The city's cathedral became a major focus of pilgrimage following the 1170 martyrdom of Thomas Becket, although it had already been a well-trodden pilgrim destination since the murder of St Alphege by the men of King Canute in 1012. A journey of pilgrims to Becket's shrine served as the frame for Geoffrey Chaucer's 14th-century classic The Canterbury Tales.
<Order_of_Merit_of_the_Federal_Republic_of_Germany>	Grand Cross 1st Class, Special IssueGrand Cross 1st ClassGrand CrossKnight CommanderCommanderOfficerMemberThe Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany (German: Verdienstorden der Bundesrepublik Deutschland, or Bundesverdienstorden, BVO) is the only federal decoration of Germany. It is awarded for special achievements in political, economic, cultural, intellectual or honorary fields. It was created by the first President of the Federal Republic of Germany, Theodor Heuss, on 7 September 1951. Colloquially, the decorations of the different classes of the Order are also known as the Federal Cross of Merit (Bundesverdienstkreuz).It has been awarded to over 200,000 individuals in total, both Germans and foreigners. Since the 1990s, the number of annual awards has declined from over 4,000, first to around 2,300–2,500 per year, and now under 2,000, with a low of 1752 in 2011. Since 2013, women have made up a steady 30–35% of recipients.
<George_Robotham>	George Robotham (January 10, 1921 – February 1, 2007) was an American stuntman and actor.Robotham was born in 1921 and played American football at UCLA, where he was awarded a degree in business administration. He started his acting career as a stuntman and actor in Batman.
<Mary_Jo_Deschanel>	Mary Jo Deschanel (née Weir; born November 25, 1945) is an American actress. She is known for roles in the film The Right Stuff and the television series Twin Peaks.Deschanel was born as Mary Josephine Weir. Her ancestry includes Irish, French, Swiss, Dutch, and English. After small television appearances, Deschanel's first major film role was portraying Annie Glenn, the wife of the astronaut John Glenn (played by Ed Harris), in the movie adaptation of the Tom Wolfe book The Right Stuff.
<FC_Neman_Grodno>	FC Neman Grodno (Belarusian: ФК Нёман Гродна, FK Nyoman Hrodna; Russian: ФК Неман Гродно) is a Belarusian football club from the city of Grodno, named after the Neman River and was founded in 1964. Since 1992, the team has participated in the top league of Belarus.Since 1964, the team was playing in the third tier of the Soviet football system almost constantly, excluding two seasons (1968 and 1969) spent in the second tier. Since 1992, Neman plays in the Belarusian Premier League. In 1993, they won the Belarusian Cup. The most successful years for the team were in the early 2000s, when they finished fourth twice in a row before finishing second in 2002 after losing the first place play-off against BATE Borisov.As of December 2022
<Ed_Harris>	Edward Allen Harris (born November 28, 1950) is an American actor and filmmaker. His performances in Apollo 13 (1995), The Truman Show (1998), Pollock (2000), and The Hours (2002) earned him critical acclaim and Academy Award nominations.Harris has appeared in several leading and supporting roles, including in The Right Stuff (1983), The Abyss (1989), State of Grace (1990), Glengarry Glen Ross (1992), The Firm (1993), Nixon (1995), The Rock (1996), Stepmom (1998), A Beautiful Mind (2001), Enemy at the Gates (2001), A History of Violence (2005), Gone Baby Gone (2007), Snowpiercer (2013), Mother! (2017), The Lost Daughter (2021), and Top Gun: Maverick (2022). In addition to directing Pollock, Harris also directed the Western film Appaloosa (2008).
<Istituto_Centrale_delle_Banche_Popolari_Italiane>	Nexi S.p.A. formerly known as Istituto Centrale delle Banche Popolari Italiane S.p.A. (ICBPI) is an Italian bank that specialises in payment systems such as Nexi Payments (formerly known as CartaSi). The bank was specialised as a central institution of Italian Popular Bank. (Italian: Banca Popolare).Istituto Centrale delle Banche Popolari Italiane (ICBPI) was founded by Banca Popolare di Cremona, Intra, Lecco, Lodi, Luino e Varese and Verona in 1939.In 2006, it acquired Key Client Cards & Solutions, a spin-off of Deutsche Bank. Since January 28, 2008, the Automated Clearing House – ACH Sepa Compliant with ICCREA Banca has been activated. In April 2008, it incorporated the Centralized Services Joint Stock Company – Seceti. On 15 September, 2008, in Vienna ICBPI signed an agreement with Equens SE for the establishment of the Equens Italia joint venture, which will carry out the Automated Clearing House activity in Italy as insourcer of ICBPI and ICCREA.
<BMW_5_Series_(E39)>	The BMW E39 is the fourth generation of the BMW 5 Series range of executive cars, which was manufactured from 1995 to 2004. It was launched in the sedan body style, with the station wagon body style (marketed as "Touring") introduced in 1996. The E39 was replaced by the E60 5 Series in 2003, however E39 Touring models remained in production until May 2004.The proportion of chassis components using aluminium significantly increased for the E39, and it was the first 5 Series to use aluminium for all major components in the front suspension or any in the rear. It was also the first 5 Series where a four-cylinder diesel engine was available. Rack and pinion steering was used for four- and six-cylinder models, the first time that a 5 Series has used this steering system in significant volumes. Unlike its E34 predecessor and E60 successor, the E39 was not available with all-wheel drive.
<André_Morell>	Cecil André Mesritz (20 August 1909 – 28 November 1978), known professionally as André Morell, was an English actor. He appeared frequently in theatre, film and on television from the 1930s to the 1970s. His best known screen roles were as Professor Bernard Quatermass in the BBC Television serial Quatermass and the Pit (1958–59), and as Doctor Watson in the Hammer Film Productions version of The Hound of the Baskervilles (1959). He also appeared in the films The Bridge on the River Kwai (1957) and Ben-Hur (1959), in several of Hammer's horror films throughout the 1960s and in the acclaimed ITV historical drama The Caesars (1968). His obituary in The Times newspaper described him as possessing a "commanding presence with a rich, responsive voice… whether in the classical or modern theatre he was authoritative and dependable."
<Fernando_Codá_Marques>	Fernando Codá dos Santos Cavalcanti Marques (born 8 October 1979) is a Brazilian mathematician working mainly in geometry, topology, partial differential equations and Morse theory. He is a professor at Princeton University. In 2012, together with André Neves, he proved the Willmore conjecture.Fernando Codá Marques was born on 8 October 1979 in São Carlos and grew up in Maceió. His parents were both professors of engineering.
<Kelly_Thornton>	Kelly Thornton (born 13 April 1997) is an Irish actress who began her career as a child actress. She is best known for her roles as Corrina Mallon in the 2015 RTÉ drama Clean Break and Emma in the film Life's a Breeze (2013), which earned her an IFTA nomination for best actress.Thornton is from Terenure, a suburb in South Dublin and attended St Louis High School, Rathmines. She has a younger sister Robyn. She was discovered when she was 14 whilst shopping on Grafton Street with her friends by a casting director who invited her to audition.
<Clayton_Kershaw>	Clayton Edward Kershaw  (born March 19, 1988) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Los Angeles Dodgers of Major League Baseball (MLB) . He has played for the Dodgers for the entirety of his MLB career. A left-handed starting pitcher, Kershaw has played 14 seasons in the major leagues since he debuted in 2008. He is a nine-time All-Star, three-time National League (NL) Cy Young Award winner, and the 2014 NL Most Valuable Player. His 2.49 career earned run average (ERA) and 1.00 walks plus hits per inning pitched rate (WHIP) are the 2nd lowest behind only Jacob deGrom among starters in the live-ball era (minimum 1,000 innings pitched). Kershaw has a career hits allowed per nine innings pitched average of 6.83, the third-lowest in MLB history. He has been described for much of his career as the best pitcher in baseball, and one of the greatest pitchers of all time.Kershaw was drafted seventh overall in the 2006 MLB draft. He worked his way through the Dodgers' farm system in just one full season and reached the majors at 20 years old. When he debuted in 2008, he was the youngest player in MLB, a title he held for one full year. In 2011, he won the pitching Triple Crown and the NL Cy Young Award, becoming the youngest pitcher to accomplish either of these feats since Dwight Gooden in 1985.
<Blackburn_Rovers_F.C.>	Blackburn Rovers Football Club is a professional football club, based in Blackburn, Lancashire, England, which competes in the EFL Championship, the second tier of the English football league system. They have played home matches at Ewood Park since 1890. The club's motto is "Arte et Labore", meaning "By Skill and Hard Work" in Latin. They have a long-standing rivalry with nearby club Burnley, with whom they contest the East Lancashire derby.
<Cecilia_(Burney_novel)>	Cecilia, subtitled Memoirs of an Heiress, is the second novel by English author Frances Burney, set in 1779 and published in 1782. The novel, about the trials and tribulations of a young upper-class woman who must negotiate London society for the first time and who falls in love with a social superior, belongs to the genre of the novel of manners. A panoramic novel of eighteenth-century London, Cecilia was highly successful with at least 51 editions.Cecilia, or Memoirs of an Heiress was published in July 1782. Frances Burney began working on the novel in 1780, after her father, Dr. Charles Burney, and her literary mentor, Samuel Crisp, suppressed her  play entitled The Witlings. Her father had concerns that the play, a comedic satire of bluestocking(s), would offend "real people" whom he depended on for artistic patronage, particularly Elizabeth Montagu. This disappointment and the pressure to produce a second novel in order to capitalize on the success of her first work Evelina, seems to have placed considerable strain on Burney, and may have coloured the tone and content of Cecilia. It seems that the Cecilia Stanley of The Witlings became the Cecilia Beverley of Cecilia.Cecilia opens with the beautiful 20-year-old heroine, Cecilia Beverley, saying goodbye to her country home to go on a journey to London. She is an orphan heiress (£3000 a year as soon as she becomes of age, with a smaller personal fortune of £10,000). A stipulation in her uncle's will requires whomever she marries to take her surname, that is, become Mr. Beverley.
<Squirrel_Nut_Zippers>	Squirrel Nut Zippers is an American swing and jazz band formed in 1993 in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, by James "Jimbo" Mathus (vocals and guitar), Tom Maxwell (vocals and guitar), Katharine Whalen (vocals, banjo, ukulele), Chris Phillips (drums), Don Raleigh (bass guitar), and Ken Mosher.The band's music is a fusion of Delta blues, gypsy jazz, 1930s–era swing, klezmer, and other styles. They found commercial success during the swing revival of the late 1990s with their 1996 single "Hell", written by Tom Maxwell. After a hiatus of several years, the original band members reunited and performed in 2007, playing in the U.S. and Canada.In 2016, Mathus and Phillips reunited the band with a new lineup to tour in support of the 20th anniversary of their highest selling album, Hot.
<Otto_Frank>	Otto Heinrich Frank (12 May 1889 – 19 August 1980) was a German businessman who later became a resident of the Netherlands and Switzerland. He was the father of Anne and Margot Frank and husband of Edith Frank, and was the sole member of his family to survive the Holocaust. He inherited Anne's manuscripts after her death, arranged for the publication of her diary as "Het Achterhuis" in 1947 (known in English as The Diary of a Young Girl), and oversaw its adaptation to both theater and film.Otto Heinrich Frank was born into a liberal Jewish family. He was the second of four children born to Alice Betty (née Stern, 1865–1953) and Michael Frank (1851–1909). His elder brother was Robert Frank, and younger siblings were Herbert Frank and Helene (Leni) Frank. Otto was a cousin of the furniture designer Jean-Michel Frank and a grandson of Zacharias Frank. His father originally came from the town of Landau, and moved to Frankfurt in 1879, marrying Alice Stern in 1886. Alice and Michael Frank placed value on a middle-class education. Otto had music lessons, learned to ride a horse and visited the theatre and opera regularly. The Frank family enjoyed a large circle of friends, and kept a welcoming home. Otto studied economics in Heidelberg from 1908 to 1909 and had a work experience placement at Macy's Department Store in New York City thanks to a college friend his age, Nathan Straus Jr. However, after leaving for New York, he had to return home briefly because of his father's death in September 1909, before once again leaving for the United States. He returned to Germany two years later in 1911.
<Brigitte_Bardot>	Brigitte Anne-Marie Bardot (/brɪˌʒiːt bɑːrˈdoʊ/ (listen) brizh-EET bar-DOH; French: [bʁiʒit baʁdo] (listen); born 28 September 1934), often referred to by her initials B.B., is a former French actress, singer and model. Famous for portraying sexually emancipated characters with hedonistic lifestyles, she was one of the best known sex symbols of the 1950s and 1960s. Although she withdrew from the entertainment industry in 1973, she remains a major popular culture icon.Born and raised in Paris, Bardot was an aspiring ballerina in her early life. She started her acting career in 1952. She achieved international recognition in 1957 for her role in And God Created Woman (1956), and also caught the attention of French intellectuals. She was the subject of Simone de Beauvoir's 1959 essay The Lolita Syndrome, which described her as a "locomotive of women's history" and built upon existentialist themes to declare her the first and most liberated woman of post-war France. She won a 1961 David di Donatello Best Foreign Actress Award for her work in The Truth. Bardot later starred in Jean-Luc Godard's film Le Mépris (1963). For her role in Louis Malle's film Viva Maria! (1965) she was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Foreign Actress.
<Joanna_Moore>	Joanna Moore (born Dorothy Joanne Cook, November 10, 1934 – November 22, 1997) was an American film and television actress, who between 1956 and 1976 appeared in 17 feature films and guest-starred in nearly a hundred episodes of television series. After 1976, personal problems thwarted her career and her only remaining assignments consisted of two minor film roles.From 1963 to 1967, she was married to actor Ryan O'Neal, with whom she had two children, Griffin O'Neal and Tatum O'Neal.Moore's career hit its peak in the 1960s. During that time, she guest-starred in several popular shows, including Alfred Hitchcock Presents, Perry Mason, The Fugitive, Bewitched, and The Real McCoys. One of her recurring roles was as Sheriff Andy Taylor's love interest, Peggy "Peg" McMillan in four episodes of The Andy Griffith Show, from 1962 to 1963. Moore was a guest star in such television Westerns as The Rifleman, Wagon Train, Gunsmoke, The Rebel,  The High Chaparral, The Wild Wild West and The Virginian. By the 1970s, her career began to wane because of drug and alcohol misuse. Moore made her final onscreen appearance in 1986, and died of lung cancer in 1997.
<Carmencita_Reyes>	Carmencita Ongsiako Reyes (November 9, 1931[citation needed] – January 7, 2019) was a Filipina politician and jurist. She served as an Assemblywoman from 1985 to 1986, Congresswoman of Marinduque from 1978 to 1998 and 2007 to 2010, as well as governor from 1998 to 2007 and 2010 to her death.Reyes won a seat in the Batasang Pambansa in 1984 under the ruling Kilusang Bagong Lipunan of President Ferdinand Marcos. Reyes was a close ally of the Marcos regime. Her husband, Edmundo M. Reyes, was appointed by President Marcos as the Commissioner on Immigration. Reyes served as an Assemblywoman until the 1986 People Power Revolution, drove Marcos out of power.
<GeneTree>	GeneTree was a family history website focused on using DNA testing to trace ancestry. A website account was free, and within their account users could order DNA tests, enter results from other testing companies, search the DNA database, create an online family tree, and correspond with family members – including sharing pictures.Genetree.com was closed on January 1, 2013 and its assets were transferred to Ancestry.com.GeneTree was founded in 1997 by a graduate of Wayne State University’s Center for Molecular Medicine and Genetics, Terrence Carmichael, who earned a master’s degree in molecular biology and genetics in 1995.  Genetree did not offer multi-generational genealogy tests initially.  Carmichael declared, “Over 95 percent of our first-year business was in paternity testing.”  In fall 2001, GeneTree sold its assets to Salt Lake City-based Sorenson Molecular Genealogy Foundation ("SMGF") which originated in 1999.
<Emilia_Fox>	Emilia Rose Elizabeth Fox (born 31 July 1974) is an English actress and presenter whose film debut was in Roman Polanski's film The Pianist.  Her other films include the Italian–French–British romance-drama film The Soul Keeper (2002), for which she won the Flaiano Film Award for Best Actress; the drama film The Republic of Love (2003); the comedy-drama film Things to Do Before You're 30 (2005); the  black comedy Keeping Mum (2005); the romantic comedy-drama film Cashback (2006); the drama Flashbacks of a Fool (2008); the drama film Ways to Live Forever (2010); the drama-thriller A Thousand Kisses Deep (2011); and the fantasy-horror drama film Dorian Gray (2009).Fox's television roles include the BBC drama Pride and Prejudice (1995), the PBS British/German television serial Rebecca (1997), ITV Granada's Henry VIII (2003), BBC's Gunpowder, Treason & Plot (2004), the 2005 BBC miniseries The Virgin Queen (2005) and the ITV crime drama series Fallen Angel (2007). She also appeared as Morgause in the BBC's Merlin, beginning in the programme's second series. Fox also starred in Delicious (2016). She stars as Dr. Nikki Alexander on BBC crime drama Silent Witness, having joined the cast in 2004 following the departure of Amanda Burton. Fox is the longest serving cast member since the departures of Tom Ward in 2012 and William Gaminara in 2013.
<Richard_Scheller>	Richard H. Scheller (born 30 October 1953) is the former Chief Science Officer and Head of Therapeutics at 23andMe and the former Executive Vice President of Research and Early Development at Genentech. He was a professor at Stanford University from 1982 to 2001 before joining Genentech. He has been awarded the Alan T. Waterman Award in 1989, the W. Alden Spencer Award in 1993 and the NAS Award in Molecular Biology in 1997, won the 2010 Kavli Prize in Neuroscience with Thomas C. Südhof and James E. Rothman, and won the 2013 Albert Lasker Award for Basic Medical Research with Thomas Südhof. He was also given the Life Sciences Distinguished Alumni Award from University of Wisconsin–Madison. He is a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and a Member of the National Academy of Sciences.He earned his B.S. in biochemistry from the University of Wisconsin–Madison and his Ph.D. in chemistry from the California Institute of Technology under the guidance of Eric H. Davidson. While a graduate student, he worked with Keiichi Itakura and Arthur Riggs to help synthesize Somatostatin for Herb Boyer at Genentech. After finishing his graduate studies, he did a brief postdoc with Davidson and later with Eric Kandel and Richard Axel at Columbia University. While at Columbia, he extended his previous work with recombinant DNA to identify the egg-laying hormone (ELH) gene family of neuropeptides.Scheller joined the Stanford University faculty in the Department of Biological Sciences in 1982 and later the Department of Molecular and Cellular Physiology. He was an investigator with the Howard Hughes Medical Institute from 1990 to 2001. While at Stanford, he cloned and identified the proteins that control neurotransmitter release notably those in the Syntaxin family of transport proteins, Rab GTPases, and SNAREs.
<Waitstill_Sharp>	Waitstill Hastings Sharp (1 May 1902– 25 February 1983) was a Unitarian minister who was involved in humanitarian and relief work in Czechoslovakia and Southern Europe during World War II. In 2005, Sharp and his first wife Martha were named by Yad Vashem as Righteous among the Nations, the second and third of five Americans to receive this honor.Sharp was born in Boston on May 1, 1902, son of Grace Hastings and naturalist, author, and professor Dallas Lore Sharp. Through his mother, he is a descendant of Thomas Hastings, who came from the East Anglia region of England to the Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1634.[citation needed]
<The_Count_of_Monte_Cristo>	The Count of Monte Cristo (French: Le Comte de Monte-Cristo) is an adventure novel written by French author Alexandre Dumas (père) completed in 1844. It is one of the author's more popular works, along with The Three Musketeers.  Like many of his novels, it was expanded from plot outlines suggested by his collaborating ghostwriter Auguste Maquet.The story takes place in France, Italy, and islands in the Mediterranean during the historical events of 1815–1839: the era of the Bourbon Restoration through the reign of Louis-Philippe of France. It begins on the day that Napoleon left his first island of exile, Elba, beginning the Hundred Days period when Napoleon returned to power. The historical setting is a fundamental element of the book, an adventure story centrally concerned with themes of hope, justice, vengeance, mercy, and forgiveness. It centers on a man who is wrongfully imprisoned, escapes from jail, acquires a fortune, and sets about exacting revenge on those responsible for his imprisonment.
<Eric_Bowden>	Eric Kendall Bowden (30 September 1871 – 13 February 1931) was an Australian politician. A solicitor by profession, he served as Minister for Defence from 1923 to 1925, under Prime Minister Stanley Bruce. He was a member of the House of Representatives from 1906 to 1910 and 1919 to 1929.Bowden was born in Parramatta, New South Wales, the second son of Sarah Anne (née Smith) and John Ebenezer Bowden. His great-grandfather Thomas Bowden had arrived in the colony in 1812 and became one of Parramatta's earliest schoolmasters. Educated at Newington College (1882-1884) and Sydney Boys High School (1888–92), Bowden qualified as a solicitor in 1894 after serving articles with his father. Four years he later married Reinetta May Murphy. In 1902, he took possession of Endrim, a former clergy house previously owned by his father. It is now heritage listed.
<James_Tour>	James Mitchell Tour (born 1959) is an American chemist and nanotechnologist. He is a Professor of Chemistry, Professor of Materials Science and Nanoengineering, and Professor of Computer Science at Rice University in Houston, Texas. Tour is a top researcher in his field, having an h-index of 165 with total citations index over 125,000 and was listed as an ISI highly cited researcher.Tour received degrees from Syracuse University (BS, 1981), Purdue University (PhD, 1986) and completed postdoctoral work at the University of Wisconsin–Madison (1986–1987) and Stanford University (1987–1988).
<Billy_Clarke_(footballer,_born_1987)>	William Charles Clarke (born 13 December 1987) is an Irish football coach and former footballer who is the assistant manager of Hull City under 18's team.As a player Clarke was predominantly a striker as well as playing in midfield in a career that lasted from 2003 until 2021. He most notably had three spells with Bradford City and was also part of the Blackpool team that played in the Premier League during the 2010–11 season. Clarke also had spells with Ipswich Town, Crawley Town, Charlton Athletic, Plymouth Argyle and Grimsby Town as well as spending time on loan with Colchester United, Falkirk, Darlington, Northampton Town, Brentford and Sheffield United. He played for Ireland at various levels up to under-21.
<Matt_Mason_(author)>	Matt Mason (born 11 August 1978) is an English author and creative executive. He is the former chief content officer for BitTorrent Inc. and studio head at 1-800-N0TH1NG, an innovation lab financed by Sony Pictures Entertainment. He is the author of The Pirate's Dilemma and the founding editor-in-chief of RWD Magazine. He has written for VICE, The Observer, Complex, and other publications in more than twenty countries,Mason grew up in London and began DJing as a teen on the pirate radio stations Ice FM and Mac FM. He attended the University of Bristol, where he graduated with a degree in economics. After his studies, he worked in music and advertising at companies including Warner Music, Saatchi & Saatchi, and Mediacom.
<Martin_David_Kruskal>	Martin David Kruskal (/ˈkrʌskəl/; September 28, 1925 – December 26, 2006) was an American mathematician and physicist. He made fundamental contributions in many areas of mathematics and science, ranging from plasma physics to general relativity and from nonlinear analysis to asymptotic analysis.  His most celebrated contribution was in the theory of solitons.He was a student at the University of Chicago and at New York University, where he completed his Ph.D. under Richard Courant in 1952.  He spent much of his career at Princeton University, as a research scientist at the Plasma Physics Laboratory starting in 1951, and then as a professor of astronomy (1961), founder and chair of the Program in Applied and Computational Mathematics (1968), and professor of mathematics (1979).  He retired from Princeton University in 1989 and joined the mathematics department of Rutgers University, holding the David Hilbert Chair of Mathematics.Apart from serious mathematical work, Kruskal was known for mathematical diversions.  For example, he invented the Kruskal Count, a magical effect that has been known to perplex professional magicians because it was based not on sleight of hand but on a mathematical phenomenon.
<Joe_Weider>	Joseph Weider (/ˈwiːdər/; November 29, 1919 – March 23, 2013) was a Canadian bodybuilder and entrepreneur who co-founded the International Federation of BodyBuilders (IFBB) alongside his brother Ben Weider. He was also the creator of Mr. Olympia, Ms. Olympia, and the Masters Olympia bodybuilding contests.  He was the publisher of various bodybuilding and fitness-related magazines, most notably Muscle & Fitness, Flex, Men's Fitness, and Shape, and the manufacturer of a line of fitness equipment and fitness supplements.Weider was born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, to Louis and Anna Weider, Polish Jewish emigrants from Kurów, Poland. He published the first issue of Your Physique magazine in 1940, and built a set of barbells out of car wheels and axles the same year out of the family garage on Coloniale Street in Montreal. He designed numerous training courses beginning in the 1950s, including the Weider System of Bodybuilding.
<Justin_Theroux>	Justin Paul Theroux (/θəˈroʊ/; born August 10, 1971) is an American actor and filmmaker. He gained recognition for his work with director David Lynch in the mystery film Mulholland Drive (2001) and the thriller film Inland Empire (2006). He also appeared in films such as Romy and Michele's High School Reunion (1997), American Psycho (2000), Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle (2003), Strangers with Candy (2005), Miami Vice (2006), Wanderlust (2012), The Girl on the Train (2016), The Spy Who Dumped Me (2018), On the Basis of Sex (2018), and Lady and the Tramp (2019).Theroux was a screenwriter for films such as the action comedy Tropic Thunder (2008), the superhero film Iron Man 2 (2010), and the musical comedy drama Rock of Ages (2012). He made his directorial debut with the romantic comedy film Dedication (2007).
<Orlando,_Florida>	Orlando (/ɔːrˈlændoʊ/) is a city in the U.S. state of Florida and is the county seat of Orange County. In Central Florida, it is the center of the Orlando metropolitan area, which had a population of 2,509,831, according to U.S. Census Bureau figures released in July 2017, making it the 23rd-largest metropolitan area in the United States, the sixth-largest metropolitan area in the Southern United States, and the third-largest metropolitan area in Florida behind Miami and Tampa. Orlando had a population of 307,573 in the 2020 census, making it the 67th-largest city in the United States, the fourth-largest city in Florida, and the state's largest inland city.Orlando is one of the most-visited cities in the world primarily due to tourism, major events, and convention traffic; in 2018, the city drew more than 75 million visitors. The Orlando International Airport (MCO) is the 13th-busiest airport in the United States and the 29th-busiest in the world. The two largest and most internationally renowned tourist attractions in the Orlando area are the Walt Disney World Resort, opened by the Walt Disney Company in 1971, and located about 21 miles (34 km) southwest of downtown Orlando in Bay Lake, and the Universal Orlando Resort, opened in 1990 as a major expansion of Universal Studios Florida and the only theme park inside Orlando city limits.
<Scotland>	– in Europe (green & dark grey)– in the United Kingdom (green)Scotland (Scots: Scotland, Scottish Gaelic: Alba [ˈal̪ˠapə] (listen)) is a country that is part of the United Kingdom. Covering the northern third of the island of Great Britain, mainland Scotland has a 96-mile (154-kilometre) border with England to the southeast and is otherwise surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean to the north and west, the North Sea to the northeast and east, and the Irish Sea to the south. It also contains more than 790 islands, principally in the archipelagos of the Hebrides and the Northern Isles. Most of the population, including the capital Edinburgh, is concentrated in the Central Belt—the plain between the Scottish Highlands and the Southern Uplands—in the Scottish Lowlands.
<Alveo_Financial_Tower>	Coordinates: 14°33′32″N 121°1′0″E﻿ / ﻿14.55889°N 121.01667°E﻿ / 14.55889; 121.01667The Alveo Financial Tower formerly known as the JAKA Tower is an office skyscraper under construction in Makati, Philippines. The construction of the tower formerly owned by the JAKA Group of the family of Senator Juan Ponce Enrile commenced in 1996 but was halted in 1998. In 2014 it was acquired by Ayala Land which later through its unit Alveo Land relaunched the tower as the Alveo Financial Tower in 2015.Alveo Financial Tower was originally named as the JAKA Tower. The tower's construction commenced in 1996 and was planned to be completed in 1999.
<Conservative_Party_(UK)>	The Conservative Party, officially the Conservative and Unionist Party and also known colloquially as the Tories, is one of the two main political parties in the United Kingdom, along with the Labour Party. It is the current governing party, having won the 2019 general election. It has been the primary governing party in Britain since 2010. The party is on the centre-right of the political spectrum, and encompasses various ideological factions including one-nation conservatives, Thatcherites, and traditionalist conservatives. The party currently has 356 Members of Parliament, 264 members of the House of Lords, 9 members of the London Assembly, 31 members of the Scottish Parliament, 16 members of the Welsh Parliament, 2 directly elected mayors, 30 police and crime commissioners, and around 6,683 local councillors. It holds the annual Conservative Party Conference.The Conservative Party was founded in 1834 from the Tory Party and was one of two dominant political parties in the 19th century, along with the Liberal Party. Under Benjamin Disraeli, it played a preeminent role in politics at the height of the British Empire. In 1912, the Liberal Unionist Party merged with the party to form the Conservative and Unionist Party. In the 1920s, the Labour Party became the Conservatives' main rival.
<Stockholm_University>	Stockholm University (Swedish: Stockholms universitet) is a public research university in Stockholm, Sweden, founded as a college in 1878, with university status since 1960. With over 33,000 students at four different faculties: law, humanities, social sciences, and natural sciences, it is one of the largest universities in Scandinavia. The institution is regarded as one of the top 100 universities in the world by the Academic Ranking of World Universities (ARWU).Stockholm University was granted university status in 1960, making it the fourth oldest Swedish university. As with other public universities in Sweden, Stockholm University's mission includes teaching and research anchored in society at large.The initiative for the formation of Stockholm University was taken by the Stockholm City Council. The process was completed after a decision in December 1865 regarding the establishment of a fund and a committee to "establish a higher education institution in the capital". The nine members of the committee were respected and prominent citizens whose work had helped the evolution of science and society.
<Edin_Džeko>	Edin Džeko (Bosnian pronunciation: [ědin dʒêːko]; born 17 March 1986) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Serie A club Inter Milan and captains the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.Džeko was named Bosnian Footballer of the Year for three years in a row. He has been nicknamed "Bosnian Diamond" (Bosnian: Bosanski dijamant) or simply "Diamond" (Dijamant) by football fans and journalists in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Prior to joining Inter Milan, he played for Manchester City and Roma, but he made a name for himself while playing for German club VfL Wolfsburg, with whom he won the Bundesliga in the 2008–09 season. He was second-highest goalscorer with 26 goals. In the 2009–10 season, Džeko was the top scorer with 22 goals. He also registered ten assists in both seasons.
<Edmond_de_Rothschild_Group>	The Edmond de Rothschild Group is a financial institution specialized in private banking and asset management. Based in Geneva, the group is family-owned and independent, and encompasses the Edmond de Rothschild Foundations (philanthropic arm), the lifestyle brand Edmond de Rothschild Heritage (fine wine and cheese, luxury hotels and restaurants), and sponsors the Gitana Team (professional sailing team).The group was founded in Paris in 1953 by Edmond de Rothschild as La Compagnie Financière (LCF) Edmond de Rothschild. After opening branches in Geneva and Luxembourg, the LCF launched the first fund of funds in 1969. In 1997, Benjamin and Ariane de Rothschild took over the governance of the company, which was reorganized and renamed Edmond de Rothschild Group in 2010.
<Nancy_Garlock_Edmunds>	Nancy Garlock Edmunds (born 1947) is a senior United States district judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan.Born in Detroit, Michigan, Edmunds received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Cornell University in 1969, a Master of Arts in Teaching from the University of Chicago in 1971, and a Juris Doctor from Wayne State University Law School in 1976. She was a law clerk to Judge Ralph M. Freeman of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan from 1976 to 1978. She was in private practice in Detroit from 1978 to 1992.On September 11, 1991, Edmunds was nominated by President George H. W. Bush to a seat on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan vacated by Judge Richard Fred Suhrheinrich. She was confirmed by the United States Senate on February 6, 1992, and received her commission on February 10, 1992. She assumed senior status on August 1, 2012.
<Piper_Laurie>	Piper Laurie (born  Rosetta Jacobs; January 22, 1932) is an American actress. She is known for her roles in the films The Hustler (1961), Carrie (1976), and Children of a Lesser God (1986), all of which brought her Academy Award nominations. She is also known for her performances as Kirsten Arnesen in the original TV production of Days of Wine and Roses, and as Catherine Martell in the television series Twin Peaks, for which she won a Golden Globe Award in 1991 and is one of the last surviving stars from the Golden Age of Hollywood cinema.Piper Laurie was born Rosetta Jacobs in Detroit, Michigan, the younger of two children (both girls) of Alfred Jacobs, a furniture dealer, and his wife, Charlotte Sadie (née  Alperin) Jacobs. Her paternal grandparents were Jewish immigrants from Poland and her maternal grandparents were Jewish immigrants from Russia.
<Ralph_Hay>	Ralph Edward Hay (January 12, 1891 – July 29, 1944) was the owner of the Canton Bulldogs from 1918 through the 1922 season. However, he is mostly recognized for organizing the first meeting of teams that would later form the American Professional Football Association, later called the National Football League.After high school in Canton, Hay, at age 18, went to work as an automobile salesman for a local dealership. After several years selling cars, Hay went into the car business for himself. He set up the Ralph E. Hay Motor Company, and sold Jordan Hupmobiles and Pierce-Arrows. Hay became one of the most successful automobile dealers in the state of Ohio.In 1918, at the age of 27, Hay acquired the Canton Bulldogs from Jack Cusack, when Cusack decided to return to Oklahoma and compete in the oil industry. Hay had planned to use the team to help promote his car business and pursue his love of football. At the time the Bulldogs were the top team in the unofficial "Ohio League", winning championships in 1916 and 1917. The team did not compete much in 1918 due manning issues related to the United States involvement in World War I. However, in 1919, the Bulldogs again won the championship.
<St._Agnes'_Church_(New_York_City)>	The Church of St. Agnes is a parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York, located at 143 East 43rd Street, Manhattan, New York City. The parish was established in 1873.The parish was intended to serve Italian laborers of Grand Central Terminal and Depot. Rev. Harry Cummings Macdowell, nephew of Father Jeremiah Cummings of St. Stephen's, was the first pastor, assisted by Rev. A. Catoggio. The parish was organized on July 13, 1873. Macdowell had rented a hall over Croton Market on 42nd Street as a temporary chapel and passed out handbills to announce the fact to the local Catholic residents.
<Massachusetts_State_House>	The Massachusetts State House, also known as the Massachusetts Statehouse or the New State House, is the state capitol and seat of government for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, located in the Beacon Hill neighborhood of Boston. The building houses the Massachusetts General Court (state legislature) and the offices of the Governor of Massachusetts. The building, designed by architect Charles Bulfinch, was completed in January 1798 at a cost of $133,333 (more than five times the budget), and has repeatedly been enlarged since. It is one of the oldest state capitols in current use. It is considered a masterpiece of Federal architecture and among Bulfinch's finest works, and was designated a National Historic Landmark for its architectural significance.The building is situated on 6.7 acres (2.7 ha) of land on top of Beacon Hill in Boston, opposite the Boston Common on Beacon Street. It was built on land once owned by John Hancock, Massachusetts's first elected governor. The Masonic cornerstone ceremony took place on July 4, 1795, with Paul Revere, Deputy Grand Master of the Grand Lodge of Massachusetts, presiding.
<Victor_A._McKusick>	Victor Almon McKusick (October 21, 1921 – July 22, 2008) was an American internist and medical geneticist, and Professor of Medicine at the Johns Hopkins Hospital, Baltimore. He was a proponent of the mapping of the human genome due to its use for studying congenital diseases. He is well known for his studies of the Amish. He was the original author and, until his death, remained chief editor of Mendelian Inheritance in Man (MIM) and its online counterpart Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man (OMIM). He is widely known as the "father of medical genetics".Victor and his identical twin Vincent L. McKusick were born on October 21, 1921. Victor was one of five children. His father was a graduate of Bates College. Before deciding to work as a dairy farmer, Victor's father served as a high school principal in Chester, Vermont. Victor's mother had been an elementary school teacher before marrying. Victor and his siblings were raised on a dairy farm in Parkman, Maine.
<Amido_Baldé>	Amido Baldé CvIH (born 16 May 1991) is a Guinea-Bissauan professional footballer who plays as a forward.He started his career with Sporting CP, being loaned several times over the duration of his contract and winning the 2013 Portuguese Cup with Vitória de Guimarães. In 2013 he signed with Celtic, who also loaned him twice before he left for Metz two years later. After playing for Benfica Luanda in Angola, he returned to Portugal in the summer of 2016, when he joined Marítimo. In subsequent years he had a nomadic career, having brief spells at clubs in Albania, Libya, Indonesia and Vietnam.
<C.F._União>	Clube de Futebol União, commonly known as União or União da Madeira, was a Portuguese football club based in Funchal, Madeira, notable for its six appearances in the Portuguese top-flight Primeira Liga, between the 1989–90 and 1991–92 seasons, the 1993–94 and 1994–95 seasons and most recently in the 2015–16 season.The club was originally founded on 1 November 1913, thus being one of the oldest football clubs in Portugal, and maintained a strong local rivalry with neighbours Marítimo and Nacional da Madeira throughout much of its history. After building mounting debts, and failing to fulfil consecutive matches leading to disqualification from competing in the Campeonato de Portugal – the country's fourth-tier league – União da Madeira were forcibly dissolved on 23 November 2021.
<Chris_Bangle>	Christopher Edward Bangle (born October 14, 1956) is an American automobile designer. Bangle is known best for his work as Chief of Design for BMW Group, where he was responsible for the BMW, MINI and Rolls-Royce motor cars.Bangle was born in Ravenna, Ohio, and raised in Wausau, Wisconsin. After considering becoming a Methodist minister, Bangle attended the Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, California, earning a Bachelor of Science degree.Bangle started his career at Opel in Germany, where he worked from 1981 until 1985. The first work that he designed is the interior of the Opel Junior concept car.
<Anne_T._Hill>	Anne T. Hill (November 24, 1916 – March 8, 1999) was an American fashion designer and yoga teacher.Hill was born in Atlanta, Georgia. She graduated from Commercial High School in 1933, attended the University of Georgia, and worked as a stenographer before moving to Los Angeles in 1937.Hill designed dresses, predominantly cotton, for her own line, Taffy, from 1937 until March 1958. As women’s fashions took up a larger budget slice, the popularity of her dresses grew. They were featured as “outstanding” in a Palm Springs Tennis Club fashion luncheon in 1948. Vogue and Harper’s Bazaar carried full page ads for Taffy fashions during the 1950s, and covered Taffy fashions editorially. “There is nothing so feminine and romantic as a full skirt, pretty, with petticoats underneath,” Hill told Women’s Wear Daily. "The very feminine dresses almost all have bouffant skirts built over their own petticoats," wrote Eugenia Trinkle, Fashion Writer for the Star Telegram. Bergdorf Goodman, Garfinckel's, and Jacobson's carried Taffy fashions.
<Lindsay_C._Howard>	Lindsay Coleman Howard (March 31, 1904 – September 6, 1971) was an American sportsman.Lindsay was born on March 31, 1904 in San Francisco, California. He was the son of Fannie May Howard and Charles S. Howard, a prominent businessman and thoroughbred racehorse owner. His siblings were Charles Howard Jr., Robert Stewart Howard, and Frank R. Howard.Lindsay Howard began riding horses at a young age and by the early 1930s had developed into a top class polo player. He captained the San Mateo Hurricanes that played in the Pacific Coast Inter-circuit Cup Polo Championship against such teams as the Midwick Country Club, captained by Neil McCarthy. Lindsay Howard and his brother Robert frequently played matches in Argentina, the polo capital of the world, and they and friend Bing Crosby decided to establish "Caballeriza Binglin Stock Farm" near Buenos Aires where they purchased a number of locally bred horses and shipped them back to the United States.
<York_City_F.C.>	York City Football Club is a professional association football club based in the city of York, North Yorkshire, England. As of the 2022–23 season, the team compete in the National League, at the fifth tier of the English football league system.Founded in 1922, the club played seven seasons in non-League football before joining the Football League. York played in the Third Division North and the Fourth Division until 1959, when they were promoted for the first time. York achieved their best run in the FA Cup in 1954–55, when they met Newcastle United in the semi-final. They fluctuated between the Third and Fourth Divisions, before spending two seasons in the Second Division in the 1970s. York first played at Wembley Stadium in 1993, when they won the Third Division play-off final. At the end of 2003–04, they lost their Football League status after being relegated from the Third Division. The 2011–12 FA Trophy was the first national knockout competition won by York, and they returned to the Football League that season before being relegated back into non-League football in 2016.
<HNA_Infrastructure>	Regal International Airport Group Co., Ltd. is a Chinese listed company based in Meilan Airport, Haikou. The company is 50.19% owned by Haikou Meilan International Airport Co., Ltd. (Chinese: 海口美兰国际机场有限责任公司), a company related to Hainan Airlines, Grand China Air, HNA Infrastructure Investment Group, HNA Group, Hainan Provincial People's Government [zh] and China Development Bank.Regal International Airport Group was formerly known as HNA Infrastructure Co., Ltd. and Hainan Meilan Airport Co., Ltd. (Chinese: 海南美兰机场股份有限公司).HNA Infrastructure is the operator of Haikou Meilan International Airport.
<Betty_Buckley>	Betty Lynn Buckley (born July 3, 1947) is an American actress and singer. Buckley is the winner of a Tony Award, and was nominated for two Daytime Emmy Awards, two Grammy Awards, and an Olivier Award. In 2012, she was inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame.Buckley won the 1983 Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical for her role as Grizabella in the original Broadway production of Cats. She went on to play Norma Desmond in Sunset Boulevard (1994–96) in both London and New York, receiving a 1995 Olivier Award nomination for Best Actress in a Musical, and was nominated for the 1997 Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical for Triumph of Love. Her other Broadway credits include 1776 (1969), Pippin (1973), and The Mystery of Edwin Drood (1985). From September 2018-August 2019 she starred as the title role in the U.S. national tour of Hello, Dolly.Buckley starred in the TV series Eight Is Enough from 1977 to 1981 and played gym teacher Miss Collins in the 1976 film Carrie, before going on to star in the short-lived Broadway musical version of Carrie in 1988, playing Carrie White's mother, Margaret. Her other film roles include Dixie Scott in Tender Mercies (1983), Sondra Walker in Frantic (1988), Kathy in Another Woman (1988) and Mrs. Jones in The Happening (2008).  She received a Saturn Award nomination for her role as Dr. Karen Fletcher in the 2016 film Split. Her other television credits include the series Oz (2001–03), and the series Preacher (2018).
<Mariyam_Mukku>	Mariyam Mukku is a 2015 Indian Malayalam-language romantic fantasy drama written and directed by James Albert. The film marks the directorial debut of screenwriter James. The film was distributed by LJ Films. It stars Fahadh Faasil and Sana Althaf in the lead roles along with Manoj K. Jayan, Joy Mathew, Irshad, Sadiq, Nandhu, Prathap Pothan and Saju Navodaya in other important roles. The film score and songs were composed by Vidyasagar.The film depicts a love story between Felix, (Fahadh Faasil) and Salomi (Sana Althaf) who live in Mariyam Mukku, a coastal area with a unique Latin Christian culture. The movie was shot at Tangasseri beach in Kollam. The film released on 23 January 2015 on theatres and met with negative reviews from critics.
<Aydın_Menderes>	Aydın Menderes (5 May 1946 – 23 December 2011) was a Turkish politician. He was a deputy, who represented various parties from 1977 to 2002. He was the youngest son of former prime minister Adnan Menderes.Menderes was born in 1946 as the third son of Adnan and Berrin Menders in Ankara. His father, who was prime minister since 1950 in office, was ousted by the 1960 military coup, tried and executed in 1961 along with two other government ministers.
<Costas_Panagopoulos>	Costas Panagopoulos is an American professor of political science at Northeastern University in Boston who studies political campaigns and elections.He earned his undergraduate degree in government at Harvard in 1994, and then a masters followed by a PhD from New York University in politics in 2005.
<Television_Centre,_London>	 Television Centre (TVC) is a building complex in White City, West London, that was the headquarters of BBC Television between 1960 and 2013. After a refurbishment, the complex reopened in 2017 with three studios in use for TV production, operated by BBC Studioworks. The first BBC staff moved into the Scenery Block in 1953, and the centre was officially opened on 29 June 1960. It is one of the most readily recognisable facilities of its type, having appeared as the backdrop for many BBC programmes. Parts of the building are Grade II listed, including the central ring and Studio 1.Most of the BBC's national television and radio news output came from Television Centre, and in later years most recorded television was output from the nearby Broadcast Centre at 201 Wood Lane, care of Red Bee Media. Live television events from studios and routing of national and international sporting events took place within Television Centre before being passed to the Broadcast Centre for transmission.[citation needed]
<Willie_Fernie_(golfer)>	William Fernie (7 May 1855 – 24 June 1924) was a Scottish professional golfer and golf course architect from St Andrews. He won the 1883 Open Championship at Musselburgh Links. The tournament was scheduled to last four rounds of the nine-hole course on a Friday in November. Fernie tied with defending champion Bob Ferguson, with both men shooting 158. The following day Fernie won a playoff by a single stroke.Fernie was born in St Andrews, Scotland, on 7 May 1855.
<Sandlot_(company)>	Sandlot (Japanese: 株式会社サンドロット, Hepburn: Kabushiki Gaisha Sandorotto) is a Japanese video game developer that is known for its very unusual and inventive control and gameplay mechanics. The company was founded in March 2001 and is composed of former employees from Human Entertainment.20012002
<Hancock's_Half_Hour>	Hancock's Half Hour was a BBC radio comedy, and later television comedy series, broadcast from 1954 to 1961 and written by Ray Galton and Alan Simpson. The series starred Tony Hancock, with Sidney James; the radio version also co-starred, at various times, Moira Lister, Andrée Melly, Hattie Jacques, Bill Kerr and Kenneth Williams. The final television series, renamed simply Hancock, starred Hancock alone.Comedian Tony Hancock starred in the show, playing an exaggerated and much poorer version of his own character and lifestyle, Anthony Aloysius St John Hancock, a down-at-heel comedian living at the dilapidated 23 Railway Cuttings in East Cheam.
<Serbian_Railways>	Serbian Railways (Serbian: Железнице Србије/Železnice Srbije, abbr. ŽS or ЖС) is a Serbian engineering and technical consulting company based in Belgrade, Serbia.In 2015, the Government of Serbia established three new companies which took over Serbian Railways' former jurisdictions: Srbija Voz (passenger transport), Srbija Kargo (cargo transport) and Serbian Railways Infrastructure (infrastructure management).
<Austria>	Coordinates: 47°20′N 13°20′E﻿ / ﻿47.333°N 13.333°E﻿ / 47.333; 13.333– in Europe (green & dark grey)– in the European Union (green)  –  [Legend]The Republic of Austria, commonly just Austria, is a country in the southern part of Central Europe, lying in the Eastern Alps. It is a federation of nine states, one of which is the capital, Vienna, the most populous city and state. A landlocked country, Austria is bordered by Germany to the northwest, the Czech Republic to the north, Slovakia to the northeast, Hungary to the east, Slovenia and Italy to the south, and Switzerland and Liechtenstein to the west. The country occupies an area of 83,871 km2 (32,383 sq mi) and has a population of 9 million.
<Clay_Research_Award>	The Clay Research Award is an annual award given by the Oxford-based Clay Mathematics Institute to mathematicians to recognize their achievement in mathematical research.  The following mathematicians have received the award:
<Nuova_Cassa_di_Risparmio_di_Ferrara>	Nuova Cassa di Risparmio di Ferrara S.p.A. known as Nuova Carife [New Carife] in short, was an Italian bank, based in Ferrara, Emilia-Romagna. Nuova Carife was founded on 22 November 2015 as a good bank that spin off from the original Cassa di Risparmio di Ferrara S.p.A. (Carife). The old Carife was under administration from 2013 and 2015, and now being liquidated as a bad bank. Nevertheless, Nuova Carife was a short-lived bank, which was acquired by BPER Banca in 2017 from Italian Resolution Fund, becoming branches of the banking group in the same year. The former majority shareholder and the old legal person of the bank, Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Ferrara (Fondazione Carife) survived as a charity organization.Found in 1838 by Count Alessandro Masi, Cassa di Risparmio di Ferrara was one of the oldest savings bank (Italian: cassa di risparmio) after Bologna (since 1837), Spoleto (since 1836; renamed and relocated in 2012; closed 2016) and Rome (1836; now defunct) in the Papal States (but not in the whole Italy). From 1927 to 1942 the bank acquired Cassa di Risparmio di Copparo, Banca Mutua Popolare di Bondeno, the local mount of piety of Ferrara (found 1508), Banca di Portomaggiore, Monte di Credito su Pegno di Comacchio and Banca Popolare Cooperativa di Argenta. An Italian law enacted in 1927 requires the savings bank to merge with bigger bank if it was under a certain size.In December 1991, the bank daily operation and ownership also split into a società per azioni and Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Ferrara (Fondazione Carife).
<Shrek>	Shrek is a 2001 American computer-animated comedy film loosely based on the 1990 book of the same name by William Steig. It is the first installment in the Shrek franchise. The film was directed by Andrew Adamson and Vicky Jenson (in their feature directorial debuts) from a screenplay written by Joe Stillman, Roger S. H. Schulman, and the writing team of Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio. It stars the voices of Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz, and John Lithgow. In the film, the ogre Shrek (Myers) finds his swamp overrun by fairy tale creatures banished by Lord Farquaad (Lithgow). With the help of Donkey (Murphy), Shrek agrees to rescue Princess Fiona (Diaz) for Farquaad to regain his swamp.After purchasing rights to Steig's book in 1991, Steven Spielberg sought to produce a traditionally-animated film adaptation, but John H. Williams convinced him to bring the project to the newly founded DreamWorks in 1994. Jeffrey Katzenberg, along with Williams and Aron Warner, began development on Shrek in 1995, immediately following the studio's purchase of the rights from Spielberg. Chris Farley was cast as the voice for the title character, recording most of the required dialogue, but died in 1997 before his work on the film was finished; Myers was hired to replace him, and gave Shrek his iconic Scottish accent. The film was initially intended to be created using motion capture, but after poor test results, the studio hired Pacific Data Images to complete the final computer animation. Shrek parodies other fairy tale adaptations, primarily animated Disney films.
<Christian_Karembeu>	Christian Lali Kake Karembeu (born 3 December 1970) is a French former professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder. He is currently the sporting director for Olympiacos.Karembeu represented Nantes, Sampdoria, Real Madrid, Middlesbrough, Olympiacos, Servette, and Bastia. He found much success on the national stage as well representing France, having been born in the overseas territory New Caledonia, and was a vital part of the squad that won the 1998 FIFA World Cup on home soil and featured in one match in France's victorious UEFA Euro 2000 campaign.
<Mikel_Arteta>	Mikel Arteta Amatriain (born 26 March 1982) is a Spanish professional football manager and former player. He is the manager of Premier League club Arsenal.Arteta began his senior career at Barcelona in 1999 but limited playing time led to a loan to Paris Saint-Germain in 2001. He then signed for Rangers, winning the Scottish Premier League and Scottish League Cup double in his debut season. After a brief return to hometown club Real Sociedad, Arteta joined Everton on loan in 2005; he later signed permanently. He signed for Arsenal in 2011, where he won two FA Cups and served as captain from 2014 until his retirement in 2016. 
<BPER_Banca>	BPER Banca S.p.A., formerly known as Banca Popolare dell'Emilia Romagna S.C., is an Italian banking group offering traditional banking services to individuals, corporate and public entities. The company is based in Modena and is a constituent of the FTSE MIB index.The bank had branches in most of Italy, but not in Aosta Valley and Friuli – Venezia Giulia. The bank is a majority shareholder of Piedmontese bank Cassa di Risparmio di Bra and Saluzzo, as well as minority shareholders of Fossano and Savigliano.Banca Popolare dell'Emilia was formed by  the merger of Banca Popolare di Modena (found 1867) with Banca Cooperativa di Bologna on 29 December 1983. The bank merged with Banca Popolare di Cesena to form Banca Popolare dell'Emilia Romagna on 1 May 1992. The bank acquired and absorbed many provincial and regional-level Popular Banks (Italian: Banca Popolare) and Savings Banks (Italian: Cassa di Risparmio) from the 1990s to the 2010s.
<Virgen_de_Copacabana>	The Virgen de Copacabana (literal translation: Virgin of Copacabana; figurative translation: Our Lady of Copacabana; variant: Blessed Virgin of the Candelaria, Our Lady of Copacabana) is the patron saint of Bolivia. She is venerated in Bolivia during her feast day of 2 February, the day of the Purification of Mary, or feast of the Virgen de la Candelaria.  She is also venerated on 5 August with her own liturgy and popular celebration.Pope Pius XI granted the image a decree of Canonical coronation on 29 July 1925 and was crowned on 1 August the same year.
<John_Payne_(actor)>	John Howard Payne (May 23, 1912 – December 6, 1989) was an American film actor who is mainly remembered from film noir crime stories and 20th Century Fox musical films, and for his leading roles in Miracle on 34th Street and the NBC Western television series The Restless Gun.Payne was born in Roanoke, Virginia. His mother, Ida Hope (née Schaeffer), a singer, graduated from the Virginia Seminary in Roanoke and married George Washington Payne, a developer in Roanoke. They lived at Fort Lewis, an antebellum mansion that became a state historic property, but was destroyed by fire in the late 1940s.
<Banca_IMI>	Banca IMI is a subsidiary of Intesa Sanpaolo which is specialized in investment banking and capital markets. The bank can trace its origins to the Istituto Mobiliare Italiano. IMI merged with Istituto Bancario San Paolo di Torino to form Sanpaolo IMI in 1998 (through which a new subsidiary of the new group Banca d'Intermediazione Mobiliare was created ), which in turn merged with Banca Intesa in January 2007. In October Banca IMI (as Banca d'Intermediazione Mobiliare IMI S.p.A.) absorbed the corresponding subsidiary of Intesa: Banca Caboto to become the new Banca IMI S.p.A..This Italian bank or insurance-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<CD_Basconia>	Club Deportivo Basconia is a Spanish football club based in Basauri, Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country. Founded on 14 March 1913, it currently plays in Tercera División RFEF – Group 4, holding home games at Estadio de López Cortázar, with an 8,500-seat capacity. In 1997, they entered into a partnership with Athletic Bilbao to serve as a feeder club for Bilbao and essentially operate as the club's C team.Founded in 1913 and named after a local iron and steel-working works [eu] (later owned by the Altos Hornos de Vizcaya company), Basconia reached the national third level (Tercera División) thirty years later. The club played in the second tier for six seasons (1957–63), but this was before the creation of the regionalised new third division in the 1970s.
<The_Melting_Pot_(play)>	The Melting Pot is a play by Israel Zangwill, first staged in 1908. It depicts the life of a Russian Jewish immigrant family, the Quixanos. David Quixano has survived a pogrom, which killed his mother and sister, and he wishes to forget this horrible event. He composes an "American Symphony" and wants to look forward to a society free of ethnic divisions and hatred, rather than backward at his traumatic past.David Quixano emigrates to America in the wake of the 1903 Chișinău pogrom in which his entire family is killed. He writes a great symphony called "The Crucible" expressing his hope for a world in which all ethnicity has melted away, and falls in love with a beautiful Russian Christian immigrant named Vera. The dramatic peak of the play is the moment when David meets Vera's father, who turns out to be the Russian officer responsible for the annihilation of David's family. Vera's father admits his guilt, the symphony is performed to accolades, David and Vera agree to wed and kiss as the curtain falls.David, the hero, proclaims:
<Solon_Spencer_Beman>	Solon Spencer Beman (October 1, 1853 – April 23, 1914) was an American architect based in Chicago, Illinois and best known as the architect of the planned Pullman community and adjacent Pullman Company factory complex, as well as Chicago's renowned Fine Arts Building. Several of his other largest commissions, including the Pullman Office Building, Pabst Building, and Grand Central Station in Chicago, have since been demolished. Beman designed numerous Christian Science churches and influenced the design of countless more.Beman was born in the borough of Brooklyn in New York City, New York, to a father who was fascinated with architecture and who maintained an extensive collection of books on the subject. Encouraged by his father, in 1870 Beman began his architectural training at 17 in the office of New York architect Richard Upjohn, best known for his religious designs in the Gothic Revival style. While with Upjohn, Beman helped design the Connecticut State Capitol, and eventually became sufficiently accomplished to be named an associate designer. In 1877, Beman left Upjohn to begin his own practice.
<Nuevo_Estadio_Azul>	The Nuevo Estadio Azul is a planned stadium in Mexico City, intended to replace the Estadio Azul, the home of football club Cruz Azul.The building that would replace the present Blue Stage exists on paper, though it has yet to be started. It will have four levels of underground parking, (first to be constructed), and two levels for commercial enterprises, besides a ceiling that would cover the divided launching slips high and general generally low.There are to be three levels of theater boxes. This first draft constitutes the idea of the new home of Cruz Azul, that not only would lodge to La Maquina in its encounter like the premises, but also would be available for concerts and spectacles of all type. Recently, the president of Cruz Azul, Guillermo Alvarez Cuevas, said that the project may yet begin in 2012, once problems, like delegation permissions and negotiations with zone neighbors, are solved. One solution would be for the Cosío family, which owns the present building, to turn over ownership to Cruz Azul, while the former would use the levels destined for commercial enterprises.
<Lise_Meitner>	Elise Meitner (/ˈliːzə ˈmaɪtnər/ LEE-zə MYTE-nər, German: [ˈliːzə ˈmaɪtnɐ] (listen); 7 November 1878 – 27 October 1968) was an Austrian-Swedish physicist who was one of those responsible for the discovery of the element protactinium and nuclear fission. While working at the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute on radioactivity, she discovered the radioactive isotope protactinium-231 in 1917. In 1938, Meitner and her nephew, the physicist Otto Robert Frisch, discovered nuclear fission. She was praised by Albert Einstein as the "German Marie Curie".Completing her doctoral research in 1905, Meitner became the second woman from the University of Vienna to earn a doctorate in physics. She spent most of her scientific career in Berlin, Germany, where she was a physics professor and a department head at the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute; she was the first woman to become a full professor of physics in Germany. She lost these positions in the 1930s because of the anti-Jewish Nuremberg Laws of Nazi Germany, and in 1938 she fled to Sweden, where she lived for many years, ultimately becoming a Swedish citizen.
<Raghuveer_Chaudhari>	Raghuveer Chaudhari is a novelist, poet and critic from Gujarat, India. He has also worked as a columnist for numerous newspapers, such as Sandesh, Janmabhumi, Nirikshaka and Divya Bhaskar. He was a teacher at the Gujarat University until his retirement in 1998. His most significant contributions have been in Gujarati language but he has also written Hindi articles. He received the Sahitya Akademi Award in 1977, for his novel trilogy Uparvas. He received Jnanpith Award, considered to be India's highest literary award, in 2015. In 2019, he was awarded a D.Lit. by Gujarat University.Raghuveer Chaudhari started his career writing novels and poetry, and later ventured into other forms of literature. He authored more than 80 books and received numerous literary awards. He also served many literary organisations.
<The_Navigators_(film)>	The Navigators is a 2001 British film directed by Ken Loach with screenplay by Rob Dawber.It tells the story of the reactions of five Sheffield rail workers to the privatisation of the railway maintenance organisation for which they all work, and the consequences for them. The film was inspired by the failure of the Connex South Central and the Connex South Eastern franchises: Connex was ultimately stripped of both franchises before the franchise period ended due to poor service and financial mismanagement.
<Terence_Tao>	Terence Chi-Shen Tao FAA FRS (Chinese: 陶哲軒; born 17 July 1975) is an Australian mathematician. He is a professor of mathematics at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), where he holds the James and Carol Collins chair. His research includes topics in harmonic analysis, partial differential equations, algebraic combinatorics, arithmetic combinatorics, geometric combinatorics, probability theory, compressed sensing and analytic number theory.Tao was born to ethnic Chinese immigrant parents and raised in Adelaide. Tao won the Fields Medal in 2006 and won the Royal Medal and Breakthrough Prize in Mathematics in 2014. He is also a 2006 MacArthur Fellow. Tao has been the author or co-author of over three hundred research papers. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest living mathematicians and has been referred to as the "Mozart of mathematics".
<Horace_H._Coolidge>	Horace Hopkins Coolidge (February 11, 1832 – February 3, 1912) was a Massachusetts lawyer and politician who served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives, and as a member and President of the Massachusetts Senate.Coolidge was born on February 11, 1832, in Boston, Massachusetts, to Amos and Louisa (Hopkins) Coolidge.Coolidge attended Boston Latin School, and Harvard College, from which he graduated Phi Beta Kappa in 1852. He received his A.M. from Harvard in 1855, and his LL.B. in 1856.
<Michael_Hector>	Michael Anthony James Hector (born 19 July 1992) is a retired professional footballer who plays as a centre-back, most recently for Fulham. Born in England, he represents the Jamaica national team.Hector began his career in the youth teams at Millwall and Thurrock before moving to Reading in 2009 where he joined the Academy. In his first two seasons at the club he spent time on loan at a succession of non-league sides including Didcot Town, Oxford City and Horsham. Hector signed professional terms with Reading in May 2010 and joined League of Ireland side Dundalk on loan in February 2011. He made his Football League debut for Barnet in November 2011 and his successful spell with the club culminated with Hector winning the Young Player of the Season award. He signed a new contract at Reading in summer 2012 and soon after joined Shrewsbury on a six-month loan. Another temporary spell, this time with Aldershot Town followed, before moving to Cheltenham Town on loan in January 2013. He spent the first half of the 2013–14 season at Aberdeen and made his Reading debut in January 2014.[citation needed]
<BBC>	The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) is the national broadcaster of the United Kingdom, based at Broadcasting House in London. It is the world's oldest national broadcaster, and the largest broadcaster in the world by number of employees, employing over 22,000 staff in total, of whom approximately 19,000 are in public-sector broadcasting.The BBC is established under a royal charter and operates under its agreement with the secretary of state for digital, culture, media and sport. Its work is funded principally by an annual television licence fee which is charged to all British households, companies, and organisations using any type of equipment to receive or record live television broadcasts and iPlayer catch-up. The fee is set by the British Government, agreed by Parliament, and is used to fund the BBC's radio, TV, and online services covering the nations and regions of the UK. Since 1 April 2014, it has also funded the BBC World Service (launched in 1932 as the BBC Empire Service), which broadcasts in 28 languages and provides comprehensive TV, radio, and online services in Arabic and Persian.
<Bhagavad_Gita_(film)>	Bhagavad Gita (known as Bhagvad Gita: Song of the Lord in the United States) is a 1993 Indian Sanskrit-language drama film produced by T. Subbarami Reddy and directed by G. V. Iyer. The film is based on Hindu religious book Bhagavad Gita, which is part of the epic Mahabharata.G. V. Iyer's film opens with a flowery pooja performed on a shivalinga, followed by an on-stage presentation of the film's cast and crew. The mayhem of the Kurukshetra War is witnessed by Prince Arjuna before he and his charioteer, Krishna, begin the dialogue that is the Bhagavad Gita. Complimentary imagery accompany the verses of the Gita, with many of the scenes set in nature, eventually crescendoing with Arjuna standing atop clouds among the Himalayas, transitioning further up into the cosmos as imagery of the planets accompany verses sung by Krishna.        
<China_National_Aviation_Holding>	China National Aviation Holding Corporation Limited, also known as Air China Group, is a Chinese state-owned enterprise which is the parent company of Air China and Air Macau. The company was formed on 11 October 2002 by the merger of Air China, China Southwest Airlines, and China National Aviation Corporation (Group) Limited.The major carrier of China could be traced back to China National Aviation Corporation which was nationalized in 1949. In 1988 Air China (Chinese: 中国国际航空公司; lit. 'China International Airline Company') and other airlines were formed by the separation of commercial activity and regulating body of the government.The once defunct aforementioned legal person of the group China National Aviation Corporation (Chinese: 中國航空股份有限公司), was also re-registered in Hong Kong on 31 August 1984 as a foreign company. The company was re-registered in China in May 1991, which Civil Aviation Administration of China owned 79% stake, Air China, China Eastern Airlines and China Southern Airlines owned 7% each.
<Gordon_Allen_Newkirk,_Jr.>	Gordon Allen Newkirk Jr. (September 12, 1928 – December 21, 1985) was an American astrophysicist.Newkirk was born in Orange, New Jersey, and grew up in nearby West Orange, living there throughout his youth until he left for college. He was the only child of Mildred (née Fleming) and Gordon Allen Newkirk, who worked as an electrical engineer for Public Service Electric and Gas. West Orange was the home of the Edison Laboratories and Newkirk grew up near the home of Thomas Edison in Llewellyn Park. He attended West Orange High School.He graduated from Harvard University in 1950 and completed his Ph.D. in astrophysics from the University of Michigan in 1953. In 1955 he began working at the High Altitude Observatory in Boulder, Colorado. From 1968 through 1979, he was director of the High Altitude Observatory (HAO) and associate director of NCAR. He was also a teacher and adjunct professor at the University of Colorado in the Department of AstroGeophysics and the Department of Physics and Astrophysics. He married Nancy Buck in 1956, and raised three daughters in Boulder, Colorado.
<Peter_Colman>	Peter Malcolm Colman AC FRS FAA FTSE (born 1944) is the head of the structural biology division at the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research in Melbourne, Australia.Colman was educated at the University of Adelaide, where he received a Bachelor of Science degree in physics in 1966 and a PhD in 1969 for research on the chemical structure of parabanic acid complexes supervised by Harry Medlin.
<Get_Well_Soon_(TV_series)>	Get Well Soon is a 1997 BBC television comedy series starring Matthew Cottle and Eddie Marsan. Lasting only 6 episodes, it was about the everyday lives of a group of patients, doctors, nurses and other staff at a tuberculosis hospital in 1947. The show, aired weekly between 2 November and 7 December 1997, was based on the meeting of Ray Galton and Alan Simpson, the writers of Steptoe and Son, in a Tuberculosis sanatorium in 1947. Although given a prominent early Sunday evening slot, the series failed to capture the public's imagination and only ran for one series.One day in 1947, Roy Osborne (Matthew Cottle) is admitted to a TB sanatorium. He thinks he'll only be there for a few weeks, then finds that it could be several years before he can leave.
<Franck_Moussa>	Franck Nyinzapa Moussa (born 24 July 1989) is a retired Belgian professional footballer.Born in Brussels, Moussa is a Belgian under-18 and under-19 international. He made his Southend United first team debut as a 16-year-old in the final minutes of the 3–0 win over Colchester United on 4 March 2006, coming on for midfielder Luke Guttridge. He was also part of the squad that saw Southend gain promotion to the Championship in the 2–2 draw away at Swansea City.
<HAL_Laboratory>	HAL Laboratory, Inc., formerly shortened as HALKEN (derived from its native name), is a Japanese video game developer founded on 21 February 1980. While independent, it has been closely tied with Nintendo throughout its history, and is often referred to as a second-party developer for the company. HAL Laboratory is headquartered in Chiyoda, Tokyo, and it also has a building at Kai, Yamanashi. The company got its name because "each letter put them one step ahead of IBM". The company is most famous for their work on the  Kirby and Mother series, as well as the first two Super Smash Bros. games.The logo, dubbed Inutamago depicts a dog incubating eggs, which has been in use since 1998.
<Massillon_Tigers>	The Massillon Tigers were an early professional football team from Massillon, Ohio. Playing in the "Ohio League", the team was a rival to the pre-National Football League version of the Canton Bulldogs. The Tigers won Ohio League championships in 1903, 1904, 1905, and 1906, then merged to become "All-Massillons" to win another title in 1907. The team returned as the Tigers in 1915 but, with the reemergence of the Bulldogs, only won one more Ohio League title. Pro football was popularized in Ohio when the amateur Massillon Tigers hired four Pittsburgh pros to play in the season-ending game against Akron. At the same time, pro football declined in the Pittsburgh area, and the emphasis on the pro game moved west from Pennsylvania to Ohio.The team opted not to join the APFA (later renamed the NFL) in 1920; it remained an independent club through 1923, when the Tigers folded. During their time as an independent, the Tigers never played against any team in the NFL, even though several other independent teams did. The Massillon Tigers team name was transferred to Massillon Washington High School, which still uses it.The Massillon area had fielded several amateur football teams featuring only local players since the early 1890s. However while some had performed well, the others were more likely to be defeated when they played their cross-county arch-rival, Canton. Therefore, a group of 35 area businessmen met on September 3, 1903 at the Hotel Sailor in Massillon to form the area's first professional football team. Jack Goodrich, who expected to play halfback for the new team, was named manager. Meanwhile, Ed J. Stewart, a young and ambitious editor of the city newspaper The Evening Independent, was named as the team's first coach. Stewart had playing experience while attending Western Reserve College and Mount Union College. Apart from being the team's coach, he later appointed himself as the team's quarterback.
<Hugo_Leal>	Hugo Leal may refer to:
<Saira_Shah>	Saira Shah (born 5 October 1964) is a British author, reporter and documentary filmmaker. She produces, writes and narrates current affairs films.Shah was born in London and raised in Kent, England. She was educated at Bryanston School and read Arabic and Persian at the School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London, graduating in 1986. Her father was Idries Shah, an Indian-Afghan and half-Scottish writer of books on Sufism. Part of his family was originally from Paghman, Afghanistan. Her mother is half-Indian Parsi and half-English. The author Tahir Shah is her brother and she also has a sister, Tahir's twin, Safia Shah.
<James_R._Arnold>	James Richard Arnold (May 5, 1923 – January 6, 2012) was the Harold C. Urey Professor of Chemistry (emeritus), and a noted pioneer in the field of planetary and space chemistry at the University of California at San Diego (UCSD), where an endowed lectureship has been established in his name.Arnold received his education at Princeton University, where he enrolled as an undergraduate at age 16. He earned his doctorate there in 1946 at 23, for work on the Manhattan Project (his thesis is still classified). Concerns about nuclear fallout and war prompted him to be an early member of the Union of Concerned Scientists and a World Federalist, through which he met his wife Louise in 1950.As a Postdoctoral researcher under Willard Libby at the University of Chicago, Arnold helped develop the techniques for Carbon-14 dating, working with archeological samples from Egypt and other samples with known ages. For this work, Libby was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1960.
<MKE_Ankaragücü>	MKE Ankaragücü or fully Makina ve Kimya Endüstrisi Ankaragücü (Turkish pronunciation: [ˈaŋkaɾaɟydʒy]), is a Turkish sports club located in the city of Ankara. The football team wears a yellow and navy kit and plays its home matches at Eryaman Stadium following the closure of the Ankara 19 Mayıs.The club's greatest domestic successes are the Turkish Football Championship title in 1949 and two Turkish Cups won in 1972 and 1981. They also won the second division on two occasions. Regionally, Ankaragücü have won six Ankara Football League titles. The club have a rivalry with Gençlerbirliği.Ankaragücü also operate cycling, taekwondo, and women's volleyball departments. The women's volleyball team have competed in the Turkish Women's Volleyball League since the 2009–10 season.
<Mr._Robot_(TV_series)>	Mr. Robot is an American drama thriller television series created by Sam Esmail for USA Network. It stars Rami Malek as Elliot Alderson, a cybersecurity engineer and hacker with social anxiety disorder, clinical depression and dissociative identity disorder. Elliot is recruited by an insurrectionary anarchist known as "Mr. Robot", played by Christian Slater, to join a group of hacktivists called "fsociety". The group aims to destroy all debt records by encrypting the financial data of E Corp, the largest conglomerate in the world.The pilot premiered via online and video on demand services on May 27, 2015. The series stars an ensemble cast featuring Rami Malek, Carly Chaikin, Portia Doubleday, Martin Wallström, Christian Slater, Michael Cristofer, Stephanie Corneliussen, Grace Gummer, BD Wong, Bobby Cannavale, Ashlie Atkinson, and Elliot Villar. The first season debuted on USA Network on June 24, 2015, while the second season premiered on July 13, 2016, and the third season premiered on October 11, 2017. The fourth and final season premiered on October 6, 2019, and concluded on December 22, 2019.
<Dulwich_Hamlet_F.C.>	Dulwich Hamlet Football Club is a semi-professional football club based in East Dulwich in south-east London, England. They are currently members of the National League South, the sixth tier of English football, and play at Champion Hill.The club was formed in 1893, by Lorraine 'Pa' Wilson. They were founder members of the Dulwich League in 1899, and were its inaugural champions. The club went on to retain the title the following season.In 1907 they joined both the Isthmian League and the Spartan League, leaving the latter at the end of the 1907–08 season. In 1919–20 the club won its first Isthmian League title, winning the league on goal average against Nunhead. They also won the FA Amateur Cup, beating Tufnell Park 1–0 in the final at the Den. The club won the league again in 1925–26, and the FA Amateur Cup for a second time in 1931–32 win a 7–1 win against Marine in the final. The following season the club won their third league title. In 1933–34 they won their third FA Amateur Cup, beating Leyton 2–1 in the final. The two clubs met in the final again in 1936–37, with Dulwich winning 2–0.
<Robert_Curbeam>	Robert Lee Curbeam Jr. (born March 5, 1962) is a former NASA astronaut and captain in the United States Navy. He currently holds the record for the most spacewalks during a single spaceflight, accomplished during the STS-116 mission, when Curbeam completed four spacewalks.Curbeam graduated from Woodlawn High School, Baltimore County, Maryland in 1980. He earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Aerospace Engineering from the United States Naval Academy in 1984, a Master of Science degree in Aeronautical Engineering from the Naval Postgraduate School in 1990, and a master's degree in Astronautical Engineering from the Naval Postgraduate School in 1991.Curbeam was named Fighter Wing One Radar Intercept Officer of the Year in 1989 and received the U.S. Naval Test Pilot School Best Developmental Thesis (DT-II) Award.
<How_to_Lose_Friends_&_Alienate_People_(memoir)>	How to Lose Friends & Alienate People (2001) is a memoir by Toby Young about his failed five-year effort to make it in the United States as a contributing editor at Condé Nast Publications' Vanity Fair magazine. The book alternates Young's foibles with his ruminations about the differences in culture and society between the United States and England, and specifically between New York City and London.The book depicts Young's relationship with various British and American journalists, including Julie Burchill, Anthony Haden-Guest, Tina Brown and Harold Evans (who at one point threatens to sue him) and Vanity Fair's own Graydon Carter. Young also describes awkward run-ins with American celebrities including Nathan Lane, Mel Gibson and Diana Ross. Throughout the book, Young describes being tormented by his friend "Alex de Silva" (speculated to be Sacha Gervasi), a former colleague of Young's who manages to succeed in America in every way that Young does not.
<Samantha_Power>	Samantha Jane Power (born September 21, 1970) is an American journalist, diplomat and government official who is currently serving as the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development. She previously served as the 28th United States Ambassador to the United Nations from 2013 to 2017. Power is a member of the Democratic Party.Power began her career as a war correspondent covering the Yugoslav Wars before entering academic administration. In 1998, she became the Founding Executive Director of the Carr Center for Human Rights Policy at Harvard Kennedy School, where she later served as the first Anna Lindh Professor of Practice of Global Leadership and Public Policy until 2009. She was a senior adviser to Senator Barack Obama until March 2008, when she resigned from his presidential campaign after apologizing for referring to then-Senator Hillary Clinton as "a monster" during an interview, thinking she was off the record.
<Edward_Feigenbaum>	Edward Albert Feigenbaum (born January 20, 1936) is a computer scientist working in the field of artificial intelligence, and joint winner of the 1994 ACM Turing Award. He is often called the "father of expert systems."Feigenbaum was born in Weehawken, New Jersey in 1936 to a culturally Jewish family, and moved to nearby North Bergen, where he lived until the age of 16, when he left to start college. His hometown did not have a secondary school of its own, and so he chose Weehawken High School for its college preparatory program. He was inducted into his high school's hall of fame in 1996.Feigenbaum completed his undergraduate degree (1956), and a Ph.D. (1960), at Carnegie Institute of Technology (now Carnegie Mellon University). In his PhD thesis, carried out under the supervision of Herbert A. Simon, he developed EPAM, one of the first computer models of how people learn.
<Volker_Schlöndorff>	Volker Schlöndorff (German pronunciation: [ˈfɔlkɐ  ˈʃløːnˌdɔʁf] (listen); born 31 March 1939 Friday) is a German film director, screenwriter and producer who has worked in Germany, France and the United States. He was a prominent member of the New German Cinema of the late 1960s and early 1970s, which also included Werner Herzog, Wim Wenders, Margarethe von Trotta and Rainer Werner Fassbinder.He won an Oscar as well as the Palme d'Or at the 1979 Cannes Film Festival for The Tin Drum (1979), the film version of the novel by Nobel Prize-winning author Günter Grass.
<Dil_Deke_Dekho>	Dil Deke Dekho is a 1959 Indian Hindi romantic comedy film. It was Nasir Hussain's second film as a director after Tumsa Nahin Dekha (1957), which became a big hit and gave star Shammi Kapoor a new image as a comedic, dancing hero. Hussain and Kapoor reteamed with this film. also in this, Asha Parekh, a former child actress, made her film debut as a heroine. This is also music composer Usha Khanna's first film.The film became a hit at the box office. Hussain, Kapoor, and Parekh would re-team again for Teesri Manzil (1966), which also became a big hit. Hussain would also cast Parekh as his leading lady in five other films. Shammi Kapoor had said that he had initially wanted Waheeda Rehman and these role were also been offered to actress Sadhana to play his leading lady in the film, but the producer had already signed Asha Parekh, and he encouraged her during filming. The film was released on Asha's 17th birthday.
<Antonio_Puche>	Antonio Puche Vicente (born 2 August 1972), sometimes known as Puche II, is a Spanish former footballer who played as a forward, and a current manager.Born in Yecla, Region of Murcia, Puche began his senior career with Elche CF, being almost exclusively associated with the reserves during his spell. He made his first-team debut at only 16, playing eight minutes in a 1–1 La Liga away draw against CA Osasuna; legendary László Kubala handed him his first opportunity with the professionals.
<Tetrahedron_Prize>	The Tetrahedron Prize for Creativity in Organic Chemistry or Bioorganic and Medicinal Chemistry is awarded annually by Elsevier, the publisher of Tetrahedron Publications. It was established in 1980 and named in honour of the founding co-chairmen of these publications, Professor Sir Robert Robinson and Professor Robert Burns Woodward. The prize consists of a gold medal, a certificate, and a monetary award of US $15,000.Winners of the prize are:
<Aalborg_station>	Aalborg railway station (Danish: Aalborg Station or Aalborg Banegård) is the main railway station serving the city of Aalborg, Denmark. It is located in central Aalborg, on the southwestern edge of the city center, with entrances from John F. Kennedys Plads and access to platforms from Kildeparken.Aalborg railway station is serving as a connecting hub for rail traffic between North Jutland and the rest of Denmark. It offers direct InterCityLyn and InterCity services to Copenhagen operated by DSB, and regional rail services to Skørping and Frederikshavn operated by Nordjyske Jernbaner.Aalborg railway station was inaugurated by King Christian IX of Denmark on 18 September 1869, with the opening of the new Randers–Aalborg railway line between Aalborg and Randers. Daily operations began the next day with three trains daily in each direction. In 1879, at the opening of the Limfjord Railway Bridge, Aalborg station was connected with the Vendsyssel Line from Nørresundby to Hjørring and Frederikshavn.
<New_Alexandra_Theatre>	The Alexandra, commonly known as the Alex, is a theatre on Suffolk Queensway in Birmingham, England.Construction of the theatre commenced in 1900 and was completed in 1901. The architects were Owen & Ward and the theatre was opened on 27 May 1901 as the Lyceum Theatre on John Bright Street. Initially it attracted few theatre goers and it was decided to bring in a star. For ten weeks from the middle of June 1901 Harry Arthur Saintsbury trod the boards as the theatre's leading man, playing in costume dramas.
<Belweder>	Belweder (Polish pronunciation: [bɛlˈvɛdɛr]; from the Italian belvedere, "beautiful view") is a neoclassical palace in Warsaw, Poland. Erected in 1660 and remodelled in the early 1800s, it is one of several official residences used by Polish presidents as well as a state guest house for visiting heads of state. The complex is situated south of Warsaw's city center, in the vicinity of the historic Royal Baths Park (Łazienki). The present building is the latest of several that stood on the site since 1660. Belweder once belonged to Poland's last king, Stanislaus Augustus, who used it as a porcelain-manufacturing plant. From 1818 it was the residence of Grand Duke Constantine Pavlovich, who de facto acted as viceroy in the Congress Kingdom of Poland. He fled from Belweder at the beginning of the November 1830 Uprising.After the re-establishment of Poland's independence following the First World War (1918), Belweder served as the residence of Marshal Józef Piłsudski, Chief of State (1918–22) and later (1926–35) Minister of Military Affairs of Poland. Intermittently, it was also the residence of President Stanisław Wojciechowski. After the May 1926 coup d'état, the ownership of the complex had passed from Wojciechowski to Piłsudski, who died there in 1935.
<Empress_Michiko>	The Emperor EmeritusThe Empress EmeritaThe Princess Mikasa
<Kristina_Adolphson>	Kristina Adolphson (born 2 September 1937) is a Swedish film actress. She was born in Stockholm, Sweden. She is the daughter of the actor Edvin Adolphson and the actress Mildred Mehle, and the sister of the singer Olle Adolphson. She was married to the actor Erland Josephson.This article about a Swedish actor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Stoke_City_F.C.>	Stoke City Football Club is a professional football club based in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, England, which competes in the EFL Championship. Founded as Stoke Ramblers in 1868, it changed its name to Stoke in 1878 and then to Stoke City in 1925 after Stoke-on-Trent was granted city status. Stoke's home ground is the 30,089 capacity bet365 Stadium. Before it was opened in 1997, the club was based at the Victoria Ground, which was their home ground since 1878. The club's nickname is The Potters, after the pottery industry in Stoke-on-Trent, and their traditional home kit is a red-and-white vertically striped shirt, white shorts and stockings. Their traditional rivals are Midlands clubs West Bromwich Albion and Wolverhampton Wanderers, whilst their local rivals are Port Vale with whom they contest the Potteries derby.Stoke were one of the twelve founding members of the Football League in 1888. They failed re-election in 1890, but were re-admitted after winning the 1890–91 Football Alliance title. The club were relegated from the First Division in 1907 and entered liquidation the following year. Though the club was saved, they were not re-elected until 1915, and instead spent the intervening years in the Birmingham & District League and Southern League. Promoted from the Second Division in 1921–22, the club were relegated twice in four years by 1926. Stoke won the Third Division North in 1926–27 and then the Second Division title in 1932–33. They remained in the top-flight for twenty years and then spent a decade in the Second Division, before winning promotion as champions in 1962–63.
<Andha_Yug>	Andha Yug (Hindi: अंधा युग, The Age of Blindness or The Blind Age) is a 1953 verse play written in Hindi, by renowned novelist, poet, and playwright Dharamvir Bharati (1926-1997). Set in the last day of the Great Mahabharat war, the five-act tragedy was written in the years following the 1947 partition of India atrocities, as allegory to its destruction of human lives and ethical values. It is a metaphoric meditation on the politics of violence and aggressive selfhood and that war dehumanized individuals and society. Thus both the victor and the vanquished lose eventually.The anti-war play first created sensation as a radio play at Allahabad All India Radio. This led to its production by Mumbai-based theatre director, Satyadev Dubey (1962), and subsequent famous production by theatre doyen Ebrahim Alkazi against the backdrop of historical monuments in Delhi (like Feroz Shah Kotla and Purana Qila). It became "a national theatrical event"; his 1963 production was seen by then Prime Minister, Jawaharlal Nehru. It was subsequently staged by numerous directors and in many Indian languages.As part of the "theatre of the roots" movement which started in Indian theatre in the 1950s, which tried to look into Indian epics and myths for form, inspiration and content, Andha Yug is today recognised as the "play that heralded a new era in Indian theatre" and standard repertoire of Hindi theatre. Dharamvir Bharati wrote one play during his career and was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in Playwriting (Hindi) in 1988, given by Sangeet Natak Akademi, India's National Academy of Music, Dance and Drama.
<Hole_railway_station>	Hole Railway Station was a small halt on the North Devon and Cornwall Junction Light Railway in the U.K. between Torrington and Halwill Junction, serving villages such as Black Torrington, Highampton and Sheepwash. The line, which opened in 1925, was a private line until it became part of the Southern Region of British Railways in 1948. The line closed in 1965 as part of the Beeching proposals, freight services having been withdrawn earlier on this section of the line.
<Metropolitan_Railway>	The Metropolitan Railway (also known as the Met) was a passenger and goods railway that served London from 1863 to 1933, its main line heading north-west from the capital's financial heart in the City to what were to become the Middlesex suburbs. Its first line connected the main-line railway termini at Paddington, Euston, and King's Cross to the City. The first section was built beneath the New Road using cut-and-cover between Paddington and King's Cross and in tunnel and cuttings beside Farringdon Road from King's Cross to near Smithfield, near the City. It opened to the public on 10 January 1863 with gas-lit wooden carriages hauled by steam locomotives, the world's first passenger-carrying designated underground railway.The line was soon extended from both ends, and northwards via a branch from Baker Street. Southern branches, directly served, reached Hammersmith in 1864, Richmond in 1877 and the original completed the Inner Circle in 1884. The most important route was northwest into the Middlesex countryside, stimulating the development of new suburbs. Harrow was reached in 1880, and from 1897, having achieved the early patronage of the Duke of Buckingham and the owners of Waddesdon Manor, services extended for many years to Verney Junction in Buckinghamshire.
<Alfred_L._Kroeber>	Alfred Louis Kroeber (June 11, 1876 – October 5, 1960) was an American cultural anthropologist. He received his PhD under Franz Boas at Columbia University in 1901, the first doctorate in anthropology awarded by Columbia. He was also the first professor appointed to the Department of Anthropology at the University of California, Berkeley. He played an integral role in the early days of its Museum of Anthropology, where he served as director from 1909 through 1947. Kroeber provided detailed information about Ishi, the last surviving member of the Yahi people, whom he studied over a period of years. He was the father of the acclaimed novelist, poet, and writer of short stories Ursula K. Le Guin.Kroeber was born in Hoboken, New Jersey, to parents of German Protestant origin. His mother Johanna Muller was an American of German descent; his father Florence Kroeber came to the United States from Germany at the age of ten, with his parents and family, and became an importer of French clocks. The family belonged to a German-American milieu that was upper middle-class, classical and rationalistic, schooled in the German intellectual tradition, and of mixed Jewish and Protestant ancestry.
<Steve_Sidwell>	Steven James Sidwell (born 14 December 1982) is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.Sidwell was a product of the Arsenal academy, and after winning two FA Youth Cups, he had constructive loan spells at Brentford and Brighton & Hove Albion, but never broke into the Arsenal first team. He came to prominence in the Championship with Reading after a January 2003 move to the Royals and spent 4+1⁄2 years with the club, helping them to earn promotion to the Premier League for the first time ever in 2005–06. He joined Chelsea on a free transfer for the 2007–08 season, however opportunities were limited at Stamford Bridge and he moved on to Aston Villa in July 2008 for a fee of £5 million. In his 2+1⁄2-year stay at Villa Park he played 64 times, scoring four goals. Sidwell then spent 3+1⁄2 years at Fulham, making 115 appearances scoring 17 goals. His time at Craven Cottage ended after the club was relegated from the Premier League in 2013–14, and he subsequently joined Stoke City in June 2014 on a free transfer. He made only 13 appearances for the club, and finished his career with a two year spell at Brighton & Hove Albion, initially on loan, retiring in 2018.
<W._S._Lach-Szyrma>	The Reverend Wladislaw Somerville Lach-Szyrma, M.A., F.R.H.S. (25 December 1841 – 25 June 1915) was a British curate, historian and science fiction writer. He is credited as one of the first science fiction writers to use the word "Martian" as a noun.Wladislaw Somerville Lach-Szyrma was the son of Krystyn Lach-Szyrma (1790–1866) and Sarah Frances Somerville (1802–1869). Krystyn was a Polish professor of philosophy who fled Poland c. 1830 to escape persecution amidst the November Uprising. He abandoned his teaching position at the University of Warsaw and started a new life in England, where he married Sarah Somerville of Plymouth. Their son Wladislaw was born on 25 December 1841 in the nearby town of Devonport - at that time Devonport and Plymouth were two separate and independent towns. Wladislaw's younger brother, Stanislaw Stuart Lach-Szyrma (18 February 1844 – 19 June 1844), died in infancy. Wladislaw married twice. His second wife, Rosina Atkinson (1846–1929), bore 13 children.
<William_R._Moses>	William Remington Moses (born November 17, 1959) is an American actor.Moses was born in Los Angeles, the son of actress Marian McCargo (1932–2004) and advertising executive Richard Cantrell Moses Sr., who married in 1951 and divorced in 1963.Marian remarried in 1970 to the Republican Congressman Alphonzo E. Bell Jr. (1914–2004). Congressman Bell adopted Moses and his brothers Rick and Harry. He briefly attended Wesleyan University.
<Robert_Wringham>	Robert Wringham (born Robert Westwood; 28 November 1982) is a British writer, best known for his humour collections and as the editor of New Escapologist magazine. His first humour collection, A Loose Egg, was shortlisted for the 2015 Leacock Medal.Wringham is primarily a humorist. In an article for the one-hundredth edition of Canadian Notes and Queries, he expressed a desire to be known as "the waster humorist." He also conveyed a belief in the social value of comic literature and an admiration for the work of Eric Nicol, Susan Juby, Paul Quarrington and Stuart McLean.
<Guinn_\u0022Big_Boy\u0022_Williams>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Uniroyal_Giant_Tire>	The Uniroyal Giant Tire was created by the United States Rubber Company for the 1964 New York World's Fair, where it functioned as a Ferris wheel. Since 1966 it has served as a static display in Allen Park, Michigan, alongside Interstate 94, between the Southfield Freeway interchange and Outer Drive overpass.The tire has a diameter of 80 feet (24.4 m) and weighs 12 short tons (11 t), is anchored in 24 feet (7.3 m) of concrete and steel, and can withstand hurricane-force winds.
<Vonetta_McGee>	Vonetta Lawrence McGee (January 14, 1945 – July 9, 2010) was an American actress. She debuted in the Spaghetti Western The Great Silence and went on to appear in blaxploitation films such as Hammer, Melinda, Blacula, Shaft in Africa, Detroit 9000, and 1974's Thomasine & Bushrod alongside her then-boyfriend Max Julien. In 1975, she was Clint Eastwood's co-star in The Eiger Sanction. She was a regular on the 1987 Universal Television situation comedy Bustin' Loose, starring as Mimi Shaw for its only season (1987–88).Born in San Francisco, California, to Lawrence McGee and Alma McGee (née Scott), McGee graduated from San Francisco Polytechnic High School in 1962. She enrolled at San Francisco State University and became involved in acting groups on campus.McGee landed her first role in 1968, when she performed alongside Jean-Louis Trintignant and Klaus Kinski in Sergio Corbucci's Spaghetti Western The Great Silence, and made her first released film appearance that same year as the eponymous character in the Italian comedy Faustina, which was released before the former film. She later became well known for her parts in the 1972 Blaxploitation films Melinda and Hammer. In the action thriller Shaft in Africa (1973), McGee took the role of Aleme, the daughter of an emir, who teaches John Shaft (Richard Roundtree) Ethiopian geography. Earlier that year she had appeared in a supporting role as an occult priestess in The Norliss Tapes. In 1974, McGee appeared as Thomasine, alongside Max Julien as Bushrod, in the western action film Thomasine & Bushrod, which was intended as a counterpart to the 1967 film Bonnie and Clyde. The next year, she starred alongside Clint Eastwood in the action thriller The Eiger Sanction (1975). She appeared in an episode of the TV series Starsky & Hutch named "Black and Blue" in 1979. She appeared as Marlene, the high-energy lot manager, in the 1984 cult classic Repo Man.
<Corinne_Calvet>	Corinne Calvet (April 30, 1925 – June 23, 2001), born Corinne Dibos, was a French actress who appeared mostly in American films. According to one obituary, she was promoted "as a combination of Dietrich and Rita Hayworth", but her persona failed to live up to this description, though the fault lay as much with a string of mediocre films as with a lack of a compelling talent, for Calvet's sultry looks and flashing eyes were allied with an impish sense of humour. She eventually became better known for her fiery private life and some well-publicised legal battles."Calvet was born in Paris. Her mother was a scientist who played a part in the development of Pyrex glass.
<Alexander_Alexandrovich_Makarov>	Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Makarov (Russian: Алекса́ндр Алекса́ндрович Мака́ров, 19 July [O.S. 7 July ] 1857 – 1919) was a Russian politician who served as the Minister of Internal Affairs (1911–1912) and Minister of Justice (1916) of the Russian Empire.After graduating from the University of Saint Petersburg, he entered the Ministry of Justice.  He rose to the position of Public Prosecutor, and eventually Chairman of a District Court.  In 1906, he was appointed Chairman of the Kharkov Court of Appeals.  In 1906, he was appointed Assistant Minister of the Interior in charge of the Police under Stolypin until he was appointed Imperial Secretary in 1909.  He was appointed Minister of the Interior in 1911 after Stolypin's assassination on the recommendation of Kokovstsov.  He left the position of Minister in December 1912 after the Lena Minefields incident and disagreements over regulation of the press about a sexual connection between Grigori Rasputin and the Tsarina.Makarov received an appointment to the State Council where he was aligned with the political right wing parties.  He was appointed Minister of Justice in July 1916, against the wish of Alexandra and Rasputin, but there was a lack of competent men. He lost the post in December after hindering the investigation into the assassination of Rasputin since he had given Felix Yusupov, a participant in Rasputin's assassination, permission to leave the city.
<Tracy_Hickman>	Tracy Raye Hickman (born November 26, 1955) is an American fantasy author. He wrote the Dragonlance novels with Margaret Weis. He also wrote role playing game material while working for TSR and has cowritten novels with his wife, Laura Hickman. He is the author or co-author of over 60 books.Tracy Hickman was born and raised in Salt Lake City, Utah. His parents instilled in him a love of reading; he recalls visiting the local bookmobile with them. Hickman took a particular interest in the science fiction genre. He graduated from Provo High School in 1974. His major interests were drama, music and Air Force JROTC. In 1975, Hickman began two years of service as a missionary for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). He served in Hawaii for six months while awaiting visa approval for travel to Indonesia, where he served in Surabaya, Djakarta, and the mountain city of Bandung until 1977.
<Godshill_railway_station>	Godshill station was at Godshill on the Isle of Wight on the Newport, Godshill & St Lawrence Railway, later the Isle of Wight Central Railway.It opened on 20 July 1897 as a single platform station with a small goods siding and this layout remained until closure. The station was reduced to the status of an unstaffed halt in 1927.
<David_Davis_(Supreme_Court_justice)>	David Davis (March 9, 1815 – June 26, 1886) was an American politician and jurist who was a U.S. senator from Illinois and associate justice of the United States Supreme Court. He also served as Abraham Lincoln's campaign manager at the 1860 Republican National Convention, engineering Lincoln's successful nomination for president by that party.Of wealthy Maryland birth, Davis was educated at Kenyon College and Yale University, before settling in Bloomington, Illinois in the 1830s, where he practiced law. He served in the Illinois legislature and as a delegate to the state constitutional convention before becoming a state judge in 1848. Shortly after Lincoln won the presidency he appointed the determinedly independent Davis to the United States Supreme Court, where he served until 1877. Davis wrote the majority opinion in Ex parte Milligan, a significant judicial decision limiting the military's power to try civilians in its courts. After being nominated for President by the Labor Reform party in 1872 he pursued the Liberal Republican Party's nomination, but was defeated at the convention by Horace Greeley; despite this, he received one electoral vote in the 1872 presidential election.Davis was a pivotal figure in Congress's establishment of the 1876 Electoral Commission charged with resolving the disputed Hayes v. Tilden presidential election; he was widely expected to serve as the deciding member of the Commission, but after the Democratic-controlled Illinois State Legislature sought to influence his vote by electing him to the U.S. Senate, Davis excused himself from the Commission and resigned from the Supreme Court to take the Senate appointment.  A Republican was appointed in his place, handing the election to Rutherford B. Hayes.
<The_Laughter_Show>	The Laughter Show was a BBC comedy sketch show, which featured Dustin Gee and Les Dennis, from 1984 to 1986 and then just featuring Dennis until 1991.Dustin Gee and Les Dennis, both started their TV careers on Who Do You Do in 1975, where they formed their partnership. The pair went on to appear on stage and TV including The Russ Abbot Madhouse.  In 1984, BBC 1 gave the pair their own show The Laughter Show, whilst continuing to work on The Russ Abbot Madhouse.
<Musa_Cälil>	Musa Cälil (Tatar: Муса Җәлил, romanized: Musa Çəlil, Tatar pronunciation: [muˈsɑ ʑæˈlil]; Russian: Муса Джалиль; 15 February [O.S. 2 February] 1905 – 25 August 1944) was a Soviet–Tatar poet and resistance fighter. He is the only poet of the Soviet Union awarded simultaneously the Hero of the Soviet Union award for his resistance fighting and the Lenin Prize for having written The Moabit Notebooks; both awards were bestowed upon him posthumously.Musa Cälil was born in Mustafino, a village in Orenburg Governorate, to a family of junk dealers. He graduated from Husainiya Madrasa [tt] in Orenburg. His first published works were revolutionary verses. The Turkic aruz wezni poetic rhythm is seen in Cälil's early works, which is attributed to Gisyanism (ğıysyanizm; гыйсъянизм), a romantic poetic style celebrating revolution that was often found in young Tatar poetry of the 1920s. In 1919, he joined the underground Komsomol cell in Orenburg (the region was under the control of White Russians at that time). Then, Musa participated in the Russian Civil War against pro-White forces; due to his young age, he did not fight at the front, instead serving in a Red Army unit. In 1920, Cälil returned to his native village, establishing the pro-Communist youth organization The Red Flower there. He also became a Komsomol activist in Mustafino. He represented his village at the governorate Komsomol conference.
<Ogden_L._Mills>	Ogden Livingston Mills (August 23, 1884 – October 11, 1937) was an American lawyer, businessman and politician. He served as United States Secretary of the Treasury in President Herbert Hoover's cabinet, during which time Mills pushed for tax increases, spending cuts and other austerity measures that would deepen the economic crisis. A member of the Republican Party, Mills also represented New York in the United States House of Representatives, served as Undersecretary of the Treasury during the administration of President Calvin Coolidge, and was the Republican nominee in the 1926 New York gubernatorial election.Mills was born on August 23, 1884, in Newport, Rhode Island, the son of Ogden Mills (1856–1929), a financier and racehorse owner, and his wife, the former Ruth T. Livingston (1855–1920), granddaughter of Maturin Livingston (1769–1847).  He had twin sisters, Beatrice Mills Forbes (1883–1972) and Gladys Mills Phipps (1883–1970), and was the grandson of the banker Darius Ogden Mills.Mills graduated from Harvard University in 1904, and graduated from Harvard Law School in 1907. He was admitted to the bar in 1908.
<Sean_Murray_(composer)>	Sean Murray is an American composer, who has composed for numerous films, television shows and video games, such as God, the Devil and Bob (2000), starring Alan Cumming, James Garner and French Stewart, Art Heist (2004), Buffy the Vampire Slayer (1997), True Crime: Streets of LA (2003), Call of Duty: World at War (2008), and the record selling game Call of Duty: Black Ops (2010).Sean grew up in Santa Barbara, California, where he attended the Brooks Institute Film School. There he began studying film composing, by contributing music to dozens of student movies. Sean debuted as a composer when he was a teenager for the action film Scorpion.Sean is the son of actor Don Murray, who was nominated for an Academy Award in the 1956 comedy film Bus Stop. Sean also has two brothers, Christopher and Mick Murray. He lives in Hollywood Hills with his wife and daughter.
<Alvin_M._Weinberg>	Alvin Martin Weinberg (/ˈwaɪnbɜːrɡ/; April 20, 1915 – October 18, 2006) was an American nuclear physicist who was the administrator at Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) during and after the Manhattan Project. He came to Oak Ridge, Tennessee, in 1945 and remained there until his death in 2006. He was the first to use the term "Faustian bargain" to describe nuclear energy.A graduate of the University of Chicago, which awarded him his doctorate in mathematical biophysics in 1939, Weinberg joined the Manhattan Project's Metallurgical Laboratory in September 1941. The following year he became part of Eugene Wigner's Theoretical Group, whose task was to design the nuclear reactors that would convert uranium into plutonium.
<Walter_Reed_Tropical_Medicine_Course>	The Walter Reed Tropical Medicine Course (now called 'Operational Clinical Infectious Disease' Course ) at Walter Reed Army Institute of Research (WRAIR) is one of the many Tropical Medicine Training Courses available in the US and worldwide (see Tropical medicine). It is an intensive 5-day course and a 3-day short course, created to familiarize students with tropical diseases they may encounter overseas.  The course is open to Physicians, Physician Assistants, Nurse Practitioners, ESO, 18D, or other medical personnel.  The course is run by the military and designed for personnel of the US Military (Army, Marines, Navy, Air Force) and several other US government agencies.The Walter Reed Army Institute of Research (WRAIR) was established in 1893 as the Army Medical School by War Department General Orders No. 51, dated 24 Jan 1893. The Tropical Medicine course began in that school in July 1941 while BG G. Russell Callendar was commandant. At that time, the course ran for 30 days and consisted of didactic and laboratory sessions similar to today's course. Very much like the majority of the 52 years that this course was offered at WRAIR, that first course presented continuing education to approximately 30 officers.Over the next fifty years, the course changed names and length but remained dedicated to teaching continuing tropical medicine education to military officers. In 1954, the institute began the “Advanced Military Preventive Medicine Course” which carried on the tropical medicine education tradition begun in 1941. This course was eventually supplanted by the “Global Medicine Course” in December 1966. During the next four and a half years, the Global Medicine course was offered on 8 separate occasions. This 12-week course was divided into 4 weeks of “Epidemiology and Applied Biostatistics”, 3 weeks of “Ecology and Disease”, and 5 weeks of “Tropical Medicine”. In February 1972, the Global Medicine course was split into a 5-week course called “Military Medical Ecology” and a 6-week course called the “Tropical Medicine Course”. The first Tropical Medicine Course was offered in July and August 1972 and was attended by 11 medical officers and 4 clinical clerks. The course endured until 1993 and was the only surviving remnant of the original Army Medical School educational offerings.
<Henry_Kennedy_(architect)>	Henry Kennedy (bapt. 6 February 1814 – 1896) was a British architect.He was born the son of John and Anne Kennedy in Hammersmith, London. In the early 1840s, after training as an architect, he moved to live in Bangor, North Wales.About 1858 he entered into partnership with a Bristol-born architect, John Mechelen Rogers (c.1831–1889), who afterwards moved to London. The partnership ended about 1866 and Kennedy then entered into a new one with Gustavus O’Donoghue of Glasgow, also of London, which ended in 1871. After that Kennedy worked alone until shortly before his death.
<Harry_Shearer>	Harry Julius Shearer (born December 23, 1943) is an American actor, comedian, writer, musician, radio host, director and producer. Born in Los Angeles, California, Shearer began his career as a child actor. From 1969 to 1976, Shearer was a member of The Credibility Gap, a radio comedy group. Following the breakup of the group, Shearer co-wrote the film Real Life (1979) with Albert Brooks and worked as a writer on Martin Mull's television series Fernwood 2 Night.Shearer was a cast member on Saturday Night Live between 1979 and 1980, and 1984 and 1985. Shearer co-created, co-wrote and co-starred in the film This Is Spinal Tap (1984), a satirical rockumentary, which became a hit. In 1989, he joined the cast of the animated sitcom The Simpsons; he provides voices for characters including Mr. Burns, Waylon Smithers, Principal Skinner, Ned Flanders, Reverend Lovejoy, Kent Brockman, formerly Dr. Hibbert, and more. Shearer has appeared in films including The Truman Show (1998) and A Mighty Wind (2003), and has directed two, Teddy Bears' Picnic (2002) and The Big Uneasy (2010). Since 1983, Shearer has been the host of the public radio comedy/music program Le Show, incorporating satire, music, and sketch comedy. He has written three books.
<Donald_Wills_Douglas_Sr.>	Donald Wills Douglas Sr. (April 6, 1892 – February 1, 1981) was an American aircraft industrialist and engineer.An aviation pioneer, he designed and built the Douglas Cloudster. Though it failed in its intended purpose—being the first to fly non-stop across the United States—it became the first airplane with a payload greater than its own weight.
<Yvette_Williams>	Dame  Yvette Winifred Corlett DNZM MBE (née Williams; 25 April 1929 – 13 April 2019) was a New Zealand track-and-field athlete who was the first woman from her country to win an Olympic gold medal and to hold the world record in the women's long jump. Williams was named "Athlete of the Century" on the 100th anniversary of Athletics New Zealand, in 1987.Williams was born on 25 April 1929 in Dunedin. She grew up there and attended Otago Girls' High School. While at high school, Williams played several sports, making the top netball team and playing for Otago and the South Island. Williams also represented Otago, the South Island and New Zealand (1950, 1953–55) in basketball.
<University_of_Belgrade>	Coordinates: 44°49′07″N 20°27′27″E﻿ / ﻿44.81861°N 20.45750°E﻿ / 44.81861; 20.45750The University of Belgrade (Serbian: Универзитет у Београду / Univerzitet u Beogradu) is a public university in Serbia. It is the oldest and largest modern university in Serbia. Founded in 1808 as the Belgrade Higher School in revolutionary Serbia, by 1838 it merged[citation needed] with the Kragujevac-based departments into a single university. The university has around 97,700 enrolled students and over 4,800 academic staff members. Since its founding, the university has educated more than 378,000 bachelors, around 25,100 magisters, 29,000 specialists and 14,670 doctors. The university comprises 31 faculties, 12 research institutes, the university library, and 9 university centres. The faculties are organized into four groups: social sciences and humanities; medical sciences; natural sciences and mathematics; and technological sciences.
<Gustave_E._Steinback>	Gustave E. Steinback (1878–1959) was an American architect practicing in New York City in the early and mid twentieth century. He was particularly known as a designer of Roman Catholic schools and churches. His offices were located at 157 West 74th Street in the 1920s, and in Stamford, Connecticut in the 1940s.Steinback was sent to Germany for his elementary education. He later studied at the Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn, New York City, and later received a B.S. from Columbia School of Architecture in New York City, class of 1900. After graduation, he traveled throughout Europe, spent three years in Germany, and one year in France working for Atelier Bernard.He claimed at the end of his career to have started his practice in 1903 but this may have been a mistake, as he had earlier claimed 1904 as his first year. In 1904, he entered into a partnership with fellow Columbia graduate Robert J. Reiley. The firm, known as Reiley and Steinback continued in practice from 1904 through 1913 and was responsible for many buildings for Roman Catholic clients throughout the Eastern United States.
<Going_the_Distance_(2010_film)>	Going the Distance is a 2010 American romantic comedy film directed by Nanette Burstein, written by Geoff LaTulippe, and starring Drew Barrymore and Justin Long. It follows a young couple, who fall in love one summer in New York City and try to keep their long-distance relationship alive, when the woman heads home to San Francisco.Erin Langford is a graduate journalism student recently hired as a summer intern at a NYC newspaper. Out with a friend at a bar, she meets Garrett, who interrupts her game of Centipede. They drink together and end up at his place, where they smoke pot and have sex while Garrett's roommate Dan "DJs their hook up". The next morning, before she can leave, Erin agrees to have breakfast with him. Telling him she is only in the city for six weeks, they agree to keep it casual.
<The_Year_of_the_Hare_(novel)>	The Year of the Hare (Finnish: Jäniksen vuosi) is a 1975 picaresque novel by Finnish author Arto Paasilinna. It tells the story of Kaarlo Vatanen, a frustrated journalist, who, after nearly killing a hare with his car, turns away from an unhappy and unwholesome life. On an impulse, Vatanen abruptly abandons his urban lifestyle, job, and wife, in exchange for the freedom of the road and the wilderness, living off his cash savings and casual employment, all the time accompanied by the hare which he has nursed back to health and kept as a pet. A year of unlikely encounters and adventures ensues, during the course of which Vatanen repeatedly runs afoul of the law and conventional mores but manages to stay afloat thanks to the help and understanding of other sympathetic free spirits.The novel has been translated into 29 languages including English, Bulgarian, Chinese, Croatian, Czech, Dutch, Estonian, French, German, Hebrew, Hungarian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Rumanian, Russian, Swedish, Slovenian, Turkish, and Ukrainian <sks.fi 21.11.2018>. It is Paasilinna's most widely read work and was included in 1994 in the UNESCO Collection of Representative Works which funded the 1995 English translation by Herbert Lomas. It was adapted twice into feature films: a 1977 Finnish film called The Year of the Hare, and a 2006 French film directed by Marc Rivière called Le Lièvre de Vatanen.
<Vetlesen_Prize>	The Vetlesen Prize is a prize in geology awarded jointly by Columbia University's Lamont–Doherty Earth Observatory and the G. Unger Vetlesen Foundation. The prize is generally regarded as the highest distinction in geologic studies, and the "Nobel Prize for geology".The Vetlesen Prize has been described as an attempt to establish an equivalent of a Nobel Prize for geophysics or geology. The prize is awarded for scientific achievement resulting in a clearer understanding of the Earth, its history, or its relations to the universe. The prize was established in 1959 and is awarded on average once every two years, if the jury selects at least one worthy candidate during this period.G. Unger Vetlesen established the foundation which bears his name shortly before his death in 1955. In addition to the Vetlesen Prize, the foundation provides support in the Earth sciences for institutions of excellence. The prize is awarded for scientific achievement resulting in a clearer understanding of the Earth, its history, or its relations to the universe. The prize is awarded on average once every two years, if the jury selects at least one worthy candidate during this period.
<Roderick_MacKinnon>	Roderick MacKinnon (born February 19, 1956) is an American biophysicist, neuroscientist, and businessman. He is a professor of Molecular Neurobiology and Biophysics at Rockefeller University who won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry together with Peter Agre in 2003 for his work on the structure and operation of ion channels.MacKinnon was born in Burlington, Massachusetts and initially attended the University of Massachusetts Boston. MacKinnon then transferred to Brandeis University after one year, and there he received a bachelor's degree in biochemistry in 1978, studying calcium transport through the cell membrane for his honors thesis in Christopher Miller's laboratory. It was also at Brandeis where MacKinnon met his future wife and working-colleague Alice Lee.After receiving his degree from Brandeis, MacKinnon entered medical school at Tufts University. He got his M.D. in 1982 and received training in Internal Medicine at Beth Israel Hospital in Boston. He did not feel satisfied enough with the medical profession, so in 1986 he returned to Christopher Miller's laboratory at Brandeis for postdoctoral studies.
<The_Wind_in_the_Willows_(TV_series)>	The Wind in the Willows is a British stop motion animated television series that was originally broadcast between 1984 and 1987, based on characters from Kenneth Grahame's 1908 novel The Wind in the Willows and following the 1983 feature-length pilot film.The series continues from where the film left off, and original voice cast members David Jason, Richard Pearson and Michael Hordern return. However, Ian Carmichael, who had previously voiced Rat in the film, has now been cast as the narrator, and Rat is now played by Peter Sallis.
<Rod_Serling>	Rodman Edward Serling (December 25, 1924 – June 28, 1975) was an American screenwriter, playwright, television producer, and narrator/on-screen host, best known for his live television dramas of the 1950s and his anthology television series The Twilight Zone. Serling was active in politics, both on and off the screen, and helped form television industry standards. He was known as the "angry young man" of Hollywood, clashing with television executives and sponsors over a wide range of issues, including censorship, racism, and war.Serling was born on December 25, 1924, in Syracuse, New York, to a Jewish family. He was the second of two sons born to Esther (née Cooper, 1893–1958), a homemaker, and Samuel Lawrence Serling (1892–1945). Serling's father had worked as a secretary and amateur inventor before his children were born but took on his father-in-law's profession as a grocer to earn a steady income. Sam Serling later became a butcher after the Great Depression forced the store to close. Rod had an older brother, novelist and aviation writer Robert J. Serling.
<Jaime_Bergman>	Jaime Bergman Boreanaz (born September 23, 1975) is an American model and actress who was Playboy magazine's Playmate of the Month in January 1999, its 45th Anniversary issue. In addition to her magazine appearance she has appeared in several Playboy videos.Bergman was the St. Pauli Girl for 1999, the first of the Playmate national spokesmodels for the beer brand.  She has also worked as a Prudential real estate agent.
<S.C._Farense>	Sporting Clube Farense, simply known as Farense, is a Portuguese professional football club based in Faro in the district of the same name and the region of Algarve. Founded in 1910, the club will play the 2021–22 season in the Liga Portugal 2 after relegation from the Primeira Liga.In its entire history, the club has won nine major trophies: the AF Algarve Championship five times, the Segunda Divisão twice, and the Terceira Divisão and AF Algarve First Division once. Aside from its major trophies, the club as of 2013, has played 23 seasons in the Primeira Liga of which their highest league table classification came in the 1994–95 season where they managed a fifth-place finish.On the back of that best-ever finish, Farense qualified for the UEFA Cup for the first time, losing in the first round to Olympique Lyonnais by a single goal in each game.  The club also reached the final of the Taça de Portugal in 1990 where they lost to Estrela da Amadora. Among the mainstays of their 1990s teams were the Moroccan attacking duo of Hajry Redouane and Hassan Nader.
<Kemal_Curić>	Kemal Curić (born February 17, 1978) is a Bosnian-German automobile designer born in Sarajevo. Curić is known best for his work at Ford, where he was responsible for numerous concept and production cars.Curić was born in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina, due to war in Bosnia and Herzegovina, he moved to Dortmund, Germany in 1995. He graduated in Industrial design at Wuppertall University in 2003 and started to work for Ford in 2004, at first as an interior designer and from 2006 as an exterior designer on the 2011 Ford Focus program. Curić won an Interior Motives design award for student work in 2005. In 2009 and 2010 he was a guest speaker at the Automotive Design Conference in Zagreb. Upon his design proposal winning an internal design competition for the S550 Mustang program in December 2010, in January 2011 he moved to Ford North America in Dearborn and became lead exterior designer for the Ford Mustang. After production body design approval on the S550 Mustang in December 2012, he assumed the position Mustang Design Manager in January 2013.
<Canada_98>	Canada 98 (later Canada 99 then Canada 100 in each successive debut year) is a Canadian centennial documentary television series presented by CBC Television. The series debuted on November 25, 1964 to showcase Canada's nature. the series was hosted by J. Frank Willis featuring nine episodes (despite twelve being produced). Canada 98 was preceded by documentary film Camera Canada.This article about a documentary television show originating in Canada is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Matt_Smith_(footballer,_born_1989)>	Mathieu James Patrick Smith (born 7 June 1989) is an English professional footballer who plays as a striker for EFL League Two club Salford City.
<Andrew_Davies_(writer)>	Andrew Wynford Davies (/ˈdeɪvɪs/; born 20 September 1936) is a Welsh writer of screenplays and novels, best known for House of Cards and A Very Peculiar Practice, and his adaptations of Vanity Fair, Pride and Prejudice, Middlemarch, Bleak House and War & Peace. He was made a BAFTA Fellow in 2002.Davies was born in Rhiwbina, Cardiff, Wales. He attended Whitchurch Grammar School in Cardiff and then University College, London, where he received a BA in English in 1957.  He took a teaching position at St. Clement Danes Grammar School in London, where he was on the teaching staff from 1958–61.  He held a similar post at Woodberry Down Comprehensive School in Hackney, London from 1961–63.  Following that, he was a lecturer in English at Coventry College of Education (which later merged with the University of Warwick to become the Faculty of Educational Studies and later the Warwick Institute of Education), and then at the University of Warwick.
<Arthur_Holmes>	Arthur Holmes FRS FRSE (14 January 1890 – 20 September 1965) was an English geologist who made two major contributions to the understanding of geology. He pioneered the use of radiometric dating of minerals, and was the first earth scientist to grasp the mechanical and thermal implications of mantle convection, which led eventually to the acceptance of plate tectonics.He was born in Hebburn, County Durham, near Newcastle upon Tyne, the son of David Holmes, a cabinet-maker, and his wife, Emily Dickinson.
<Maxim_Kontsevich>	Maxim Lvovich Kontsevich (Russian: Макси́м Льво́вич Конце́вич, IPA: [mɐkˈsʲim ˈlʲvovʲɪtɕ kɐnˈtsɛvʲɪtɕ] (listen); born 25 August 1964) is a Russian and French mathematician and mathematical physicist. He is a professor at the Institut des Hautes Études Scientifiques and a distinguished professor at the University of Miami. He received the Henri Poincaré Prize in 1997, the Fields Medal in 1998, the Crafoord Prize in 2008, the Shaw Prize and Fundamental Physics Prize in 2012, and the Breakthrough Prize in Mathematics in 2014.He was born into the family of Lev Kontsevich, Soviet orientalist and author of the Kontsevich system. After ranking second in the All-Union Mathematics Olympiads, he attended Moscow State University but left without a degree in 1985 to become a researcher at the Institute for Information Transmission Problems in Moscow. While at the institute he published papers that caught the interest of the Max Planck Institute in Bonn and was invited for three months. Just before the end of his time there, he attended a five-day international meeting, the Arbeitstagung, where he sketched a proof of the Witten conjecture to the amazement of Michael Atiyah and other mathematicians and his invitation to the institute was subsequently extended to three years.The next year he finished the proof and worked on various topics on mathematical physics and in 1992 received his Dr. at the University of Bonn under Don Bernard Zagier. His thesis outlines a proof of a conjecture by Edward Witten that two quantum gravitational models are equivalent. In 1992, Kontsevich was appointed to a full professorship in mathematics at the University of California, Berkeley, before moving in 1995 to France, where he joined the Institut des Hautes Études Scientifiques in Bures-sur-Yvette as a permanent member.
<State_Street_Corporation>	State Street Corporation is an American financial services and bank holding company headquartered at One Lincoln Street in Boston with operations worldwide. It is the second-oldest continually operating United States bank; its predecessor, Union Bank, was founded in 1792. State Street is ranked 15th on the list of largest banks in the United States by assets. It is one of the largest asset management companies in the world with US$3.9 trillion under management and US$43.3 trillion under custody and administration. It is the largest custodian bank in the world, providing securities services and it is considered a systemically important bank by the Financial Stability Board. Along with BlackRock and Vanguard, State Street is considered to be one of the Big Three index fund managers that dominate corporate America.The company is ranked 316th on the Fortune 500 as of 2022. The company is on the list of the banks that are too big to fail published by the Financial Stability Board.The company is named after State Street in Boston, which was known as the "Great Street to the Sea" in the 18th century as Boston became a flourishing maritime capital. The company's logo formerly included a clipper to reflect the maritime industry in Boston during this time.
<Gerd_Faltings>	Gerd Faltings (German pronunciation: [ɡɛʁt ˈfaltɪŋs] (listen); born 28 July 1954) is a German mathematician known for his work in arithmetic geometry.From 1972 to 1978, Faltings studied mathematics and physics at the University of Münster. In 1978 he received his PhD in mathematics.In 1981 he obtained the venia legendi (Habilitation) in mathematics, from the University of Münster. During this time he was an assistant professor at the University of Münster. From 1982 to 1984, he was professor at the University of Wuppertal.
<America_One>	America One was an American television network established in 1995 by USFR Media Group through its America One Television subsidiary. The network served over 170 LPTV, Class A, full-power, cable and satellite affiliate stations. It was one of the first TV stations to have online live video streaming, before the tech bubble burst in 2000.  At least twenty of the stations carried America One's complete 168-hour weekly transmission.In 2003, the network went through a restructuring, being placed within USFR Media Group's VOTH Network, Inc. subsidiary.In 2009, the network came under the ownership of America One Television Network, Inc. as a result of a shareholder buyout from USFR Media Group.
<John_Rogers_(baseball)>	John Ignatius Rogers (May 27, 1844, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania – March 13, 1910, Denver, Colorado), was part-owner of the Philadelphia Phillies from 1883 to 1899, and majority owner from 1899 to 1903. He also owned the Philadelphia Phillies of the short-lived National Football League of 1902.Rogers was born to Irish immigrant parents in Philadelphia on May 27, 1844. He earned his law degree at the University of Pennsylvania, and was admitted to the bar in 1865. Rogers was elected the city comptroller in 1880. As a member of the City Troop/(First Troop Philadelphia City Cavalry), he participated in the quelling of the Pittsburgh riots during the Great Railroad Strike of 1877. Rogers was later appointed Judge Advocate General of the Philadelphia National Guard, with the rank of colonel.
<A.F.C._Bournemouth>	AFC Bournemouth (/ˈbɔːrnməθ/ (listen)) is a professional association football club based in Kings Park, Boscombe, a suburb of Bournemouth, Dorset, England. The club competes in the Premier League, the highest division of English club football. Formed in 1899 as Boscombe, the club adopted their current name in 1971. Nicknamed "The Cherries", Bournemouth have played their home games at Dean Court since 1910. Their home colours are red and black striped shirts, with black shorts and socks, inspired by that of Italian club A.C. Milan.The club competed in regional football leagues before going up from the Hampshire League to the Southern League in 1920. Now known as Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic, they were elected into the Football League in 1923. They remained in the Third Division South for 35 years, winning the Third Division South Cup in 1946. Placed in the newly reorganised Third Division in 1958, they suffered relegation in 1970, but would win an immediate promotion in 1970–71. Relegated back into the Fourth Division in 1975, Bournemouth were promoted again in 1981–82 and after lifting the Associate Members' Cup in 1984 would go on to win the Third Division title in 1986–87. They spent three seasons in the second tier but entered administration in 1997 and ended up back in the fourth tier with relegation in 2002, though immediately gained promotion by winning the play-offs in 2003.
<Barry_Mazur>	Barry Charles Mazur (/ˈmeɪzʊr/; born December 19, 1937) is an American mathematician and the Gerhard Gade University Professor at Harvard University. His contributions to mathematics include his contributions to Wiles's proof of Fermat's Last Theorem in number theory, Mazur's torsion theorem in arithmetic geometry, the Mazur swindle in geometric topology, and the Mazur manifold in differential topology.Born in New York City, Mazur attended the Bronx High School of Science and MIT, although he did not graduate from the latter on account of failing a then-present ROTC requirement. He was nonetheless accepted for graduate studies at Princeton University, from where he received his PhD in mathematics in 1959 after completing a doctoral dissertation titled "On embeddings of spheres." He then became a Junior Fellow at Harvard University from 1961 to 1964. He is the Gerhard Gade University Professor and a Senior Fellow at Harvard. He is the brother of Joseph Mazur and the father of Alexander J. Mazur.
<Daniel_Pope_Cook>	Daniel Pope Cook (1794 – October 16, 1827) was a politician, lawyer and newspaper publisher from the U.S. state of Illinois. An anti-slavery advocate, he was the state's first attorney general, and then congressman. Cook County, Illinois, is named after him.Daniel Pope Cook was born in Scott County, Kentucky, into an impoverished branch of the prominent Pope family of Kentucky and Virginia. Cook moved to Kaskaskia, Illinois, in 1815 and took a job as a store clerk, but soon began to read law under the supervision of his uncle, Nathaniel Pope.
<Alex_Sink>	Adelaide Alexander Sink (born June 5, 1948) is an American politician and financier. A member of the Democratic Party, Sink was the Chief Financial Officer for the state of Florida and treasurer on the board of trustees of the Florida State Board of Administration. She was the Democratic nominee for Governor of Florida and faced Republican nominee Rick Scott in the 2010 Florida gubernatorial election, losing to Scott by a 1% margin. Sink was also the unsuccessful Democratic nominee in the 2014 special election for Florida's 13th congressional district, losing to Republican David Jolly on March 11, 2014, in a race to fill the vacancy created by the death in 2013 of U.S. Representative Bill Young.Sink was born and raised in Mount Airy, North Carolina, the daughter of Adelaide A. (née Bunker) and Kester A. Sink. Her maternal great-grandfather was Chang Bunker, one of the famous conjoined "Siamese Twins", Chang and Eng Bunker. She is a graduate of Wake Forest University. After graduating with a degree in mathematics, she taught at girls schools in Sierra Leone and Liberia for three years.Sink is the widow of Florida attorney and politician Bill McBride who was the unsuccessful Democratic nominee for Governor of Florida in 2002, making them the only married American couple to both run unsuccessfully in gubernatorial races. They have a son, Bert, and a daughter, Lexi.
<Xander_Berkeley>	Alexander Harper Berkeley (born December 16, 1955) is an American actor and voice actor. Since beginning his career in the early 1980s, he has appeared in over 200 film and television projects. His film roles include Terminator 2: Judgment Day (1991), Candyman (1992), Barb Wire (1996), Air Force One (1997), Gattaca (1997), and Shanghai Noon (2000). He also appeared in the crime drama Heat (1995) after being cast in L.A. Takedown (1989), an earlier rendition of the film's script, although he played two different characters on the two different films. On television, he headlined the Citytv psychological thriller The Booth at the End (2010–2012) and was a series regular on the Fox action drama 24 (2001–03) and The CW action thriller Nikita (2010–2012). As a guest star, Berkeley portrayed Sheriff Thomas McAllister on the CBS drama The Mentalist (2008–13) and Gregory on the AMC post-apocalyptic horror The Walking Dead (2016–18).Berkeley was born in Brooklyn and raised in New Jersey. He is of English and Scottish descent. He attended Hampshire College, and worked in theaters at the Five Colleges, including Smith, Mount Holyoke, Amherst and the University of Massachusetts. He worked in regional and repertory theaters in addition to Off-Broadway in New York City. A casting agent spotted Berkeley in a play written by Reynolds Price called Early Dark and encouraged him to move to Hollywood.
<Throw_That_Boy_Pussy>	"Throw That Boy Pussy" is a song, later turned into a viral video that originally was intended as a music video to promote a debut single created by Las Vegas based production company Level Eight Studios for the song of the same name by Fly Young Red. The song released in September 2013, with the said music video premiering in March 2014. The song heavily references homosexual anilingus with many same gender sexual undertones. The song mainly samples Lil Wayne and Trina's "Wowzers" single also released in 2013.The video features male background dancers twerking in a nightclub with Fly Young Red and his friends watching on the other side of the bar drinking and complimenting the male dancers.  The video was filmed in Club XL in Houston. Fly Young Red selected "Throw That Boy Pussy" as his first video release after observing view counts on some pre-release previews of songs from his album.The provocative lyrics have sparked debate over such social and sexual issues as creative freedom, sexism, and black gay culture. Darnell Moore has described the song as "honest, but not transformative", while Wade Davis has called it "revolutionary". It also plagued controversy within the African American and hip hop community as the references to the song are not mainly what are associated with the culture.
<Lew_Cody>	Lew Cody (born Louis Joseph Côté; February 22, 1884 – May 31, 1934) was an American stage and film actor whose career spanned the silent film and early sound film age. He gained notoriety in the late 1910s for playing "male vamps" in films such as Don't Change Your Husband.Cody was born on February 22, 1884 (some sources say 1885) to Louis Joseph Côté and Elizabeth Sarah Côté (née Herbert). His father was French Canadian, with his ancestral lineage dating back to France and Germany, and his mother was a native of Maine. Cody and his younger brothers and sisters were born in Waterville, Maine. After Elizabeth's death, Louis remarried to Marie Lena Rose Toussaint, and they had a daughter named Cecile Côté.
<Nancy_Lord>	Nancy Theresa Lord (February 8, 1952 – February 14, 2022) was an American attorney and medical researcher who was the vice-presidential candidate of the Libertarian Party in the 1992 presidential election, as the running-mate of Andre Marrou. Marrou and Lord placed fourth in the popular vote with 290,087 votes (0.3%).Lord was the Libertarian candidate for Mayor of the District of Columbia in 1990. She also unsuccessfully ran for Nye County, Nevada District Attorney as a Republican in 2010.Lord completed undergraduate and M.D. degrees at the University of Maryland. She earned her J.D. degree from Georgetown University Law Center. Until 1983, Lord was employed by Abbott Laboratories, where she authored the successful new drug application for benzodiazepine hypnotic ("ProSom"). After leaving Abbott, Lord worked as an independent consultant in the areas of pharmaceutical development, medical malpractice, and toxicology.
<Arc_Light_(novel)>	Arc Light is the debut novel by Eric L. Harry, a techno-thriller about limited nuclear war published in September 1994 and written in 1991 and 1992.As China and Russia clash in Siberia, and war brews between the United States and North Korea, a series of accidents and misunderstandings lead to a Russian nuclear strike against the United States. The U.S. retaliates against Russia, and World War III begins.The novel becomes part military techno thriller, part political drama as heated internal debates concerning the right course of action in the war unfold on both sides while each government tries to deal with the colossal damage the nuclear strike has done to their countries. Moderate voices try to prevent a second nuclear exchange by taming the hawks and working behind the scenes to arrange a ceasefire. Meanwhile, the on-the-ground consequences for civilian and military alike are explored in depth.
<St_Patrick's_Athletic_F.C.>	St Patrick's Athletic Football Club (Irish: Cumann Peile Lúthchleas Phádraig Naofa) is a professional Irish association football club based in Inchicore, Dublin, that plays in the Irish Premier Division. Founded in May 1929, they played originally in Phoenix Park but they moved to their current ground Richmond Park in 1939.St Patrick's Athletic have won many trophies in Irish Club Football, including eight League Titles, the fifth most in Irish Football, as well as four FAI Cups and four League Cups. The current manager is Tim Clancy, who took over in December 2021.
<RCD_Espanyol>	Reial Club Deportiu Espanyol de Barcelona (Catalan: [rəˈjal ˈklub dəpuɾˈtiw əspəˈɲɔl də βəɾsəˈlonə]; "Royal Spanish Sports Club of Barcelona"), commonly known as Espanyol, is a professional sports club based in Barcelona, Spain, that competes in La Liga, the top tier of the Spanish football league system.Founded in 1900 in Barcelona, Espanyol currently play their home games at the RCDE Stadium, which holds up to 40,000 spectators. Domestically, Espanyol has won the Copa del Rey four times, most recently in 2006. In international competitions, the club reached the UEFA Cup final in 1988 and 2007. It has a long-standing rivalry with FC Barcelona.Initially known as the Sociedad Española de Football on its foundation, the name was changed to Club Español de Fútbol in 1901. In 1906, the club folded due to financial reasons and most of the players joined the X Sporting Club, which came to win the Campionat de Catalunya three times in a row before disappearing in 1908 to merge with the Spanish Jiu-Jitsu Club to be effectively relaunched as the Club Deportivo Español, and in 1910, they adopted their present-day colours. Espanyol is one of several Spanish football clubs granted patronage by the Spanish crown and thus entitled to use Real in their names and the royal crown on their badge. This right was granted to Espanyol in 1912 by Alfonso XIII and the club subsequently became known as the Real Club Deportivo Español.
<Presidential_Medal_of_Freedom>	The Presidential Medal of Freedom is the highest civilian award of the United States, along with the Congressional Gold Medal. It is an award bestowed by the president of the United States to recognize people who have made "an especially meritorious contribution to the security or national interests of the United States, world peace, cultural or other significant public or private endeavors." The award is not limited to U.S. citizens and, while it is a civilian award, it can also be awarded to military personnel and worn on the uniform.It was established in 1963 by President John F. Kennedy, superseding the Medal of Freedom that was established by President Harry S. Truman in 1945 to honor civilian service during World War II.There are no specific criteria for receiving the award with distinction; Executive Order 11085 simply specifies that the award should come in two degrees, and hence any decision to award the higher degree is entirely at the discretion of the president.In 2017, President Barack Obama stated receiving the award with distinction indicates "an additional level of veneration"  in a class of individuals already held in the highest esteem. As of January 2022[update], 26 people have been awarded the medal with distinction, amounting to approximately 4% of all awards.
<Arnoldo_Mondadori_Editore>	Arnoldo Mondadori Editore (Italian: [arˈnoldo mondaˈdoːri ediˈtoːre; arˈnɔldo]) is the biggest publishing company in Italy.The company was founded in 1907 in Ostiglia by 18-year-old Arnoldo Mondadori who began his publishing career with the publication of the magazine Luce!. In 1912 he founded La Sociale and published the first book AiaMadama together with his close friend Tommaso Monicelli and the following year, La Lampada, a series of children's books.
<Richard_Gibbs>	Richard "Ribbs" Gibbs (born December 5, 1955) is an American film composer and music producer whose credits include Dr. Dolittle, Big Momma's House, Queen of the Damned, the television series Battlestar Galactica and the first season of The Simpsons.Gibbs was the keyboard player for the new wave band Oingo Boingo from 1980 to 1984. He was also a session player, performing on over 150 albums for artists as diverse as War, Tom Waits, Boy Meets Girl, Living in a Box, Robert Palmer, and Aretha Franklin. His professional relationship with Mr. Palmer began after he wrote a tongue-in-cheek letter of complaint about loud music emanating from Palmer's Bahamian condo, which was immediately next door to the one Gibbs was staying in while working on another project at Compass Point studios.
<Martin_Cranie>	Martin James Cranie (born 26 September 1986) is an English professional footballer who is currently a free agent. He most recently played as a centre back and right back for Championship club Luton Town. He is a former England U21 international. He began his career with the Southampton youth academy before moving to local rivals Portsmouth and later to Coventry City after several loan spells, then followed by three years at Barnsley.Born at Yeovil, Somerset, Cranie attended the local Buckler's Mead Community School between 1998 and 2003 after completing his primary school education at Birchfield Community School.
<Commonwealth_Liberal_Party>	The Liberal Party was a parliamentary party in Australian federal politics between 1909 and 1917. The party was founded under Alfred Deakin's leadership as a merger of the Protectionist Party and Anti-Socialist Party, an event known as the Fusion.The creation of the party marked the emergence of a two-party system, replacing the unstable multi-party system that arose after Federation in 1901. The first three federal elections produced hung parliaments, with the Protectionists, Free Traders, and Australian Labor Party (ALP) forming a series of minority governments. Free Trade leader George Reid envisioned an anti-socialist alliance of liberals and conservatives, rebranding his party accordingly, and his views were eventually adopted by his Protectionist counterpart Deakin. Objections towards Reid saw Deakin take the lead in coordinating the merger. The Fusion was controversial, with some of his radical supporters regarding it as a betrayal and choosing to sit as independents or join the ALP.
<Order_of_Leopold_(Austria)>	The Austrian Imperial Order of Leopold (German: Österreichisch-kaiserlicher Leopold-Orden) was founded by Franz I of Austria on 8 January 1808. The order's statutes stipulated only three grades: Grand Cross, Commander and Knight. During the war, in common with the other Austrian and later Austro-Hungarian decorations, crossed swords were instituted to reward bravery in the face of the enemy.An Imperial Decree of 1 February 1901 ordered that in future, the senior grade would be split into two separate awards. From then onwards, there were four ranks: Grand Cross, First Class, Commander, Knight.Until 18 July 1884, the award of the order also entitled the recipient, if he was not already of that standing, to be raised to the following appointments and/or ranks of the nobility:
<A_River_Sutra>	A River Sutra is a collection of stories written by Gita Mehta and published in 1993. The book's stories are interconnected by both a geographical reference (the Narmada River and the Narmada River Valley), and by the theme of diversity within Indian society, both present and past. Unlike some of Mehta's previous stories, the ones in A River Sutra feature only Indian characters.A River Sutra is a novel by Gita Mehta that was published in 1993 by Random House of Toronto, Canada. It has received the greatest attention of all of Mehta's work, among other classics such as Karma Cola (1979) and Snakes and Ladders (1979). It is considered an accurate representation of Indian Culture, as it covers much of the culture of India, through its portrayal of music, religion, and major landmarks. The story is told in mid-to-late 20th century India and is set around the Narmada River in central India.
<Jerome_Kern>	Jerome David Kern (January 27, 1885 – November 11, 1945) was an American composer of musical theatre and popular music.  One of the most important American theatre composers of the early 20th century, he wrote more than 700 songs, used in over 100 stage works, including such classics as "Ol' Man River", "Can't Help Lovin' Dat Man", "A Fine Romance", "Smoke Gets in Your Eyes", "The Song Is You", "All the Things You Are", "The Way You Look Tonight" and "Long Ago (and Far Away)".  He collaborated with many of the leading librettists and lyricists of his era, including George Grossmith Jr., Guy Bolton, P. G. Wodehouse, Otto Harbach, Oscar Hammerstein II, Dorothy Fields, Johnny Mercer, Ira Gershwin and Yip Harburg.A native New Yorker, Kern created dozens of Broadway musicals and Hollywood films in a career that lasted for more than four decades. His musical innovations, such as 4/4 dance rhythms and the employment of syncopation and jazz progressions, built on, rather than rejected, earlier musical theatre tradition. He and his collaborators also employed his melodies to further the action or develop characterization to a greater extent than in the other musicals of his day, creating the model for later musicals. Although dozens of Kern's musicals and musical films were hits, only Show Boat is now regularly revived. Songs from his other shows, however, are still frequently performed and adapted. Many of Kern's songs have been adapted by jazz musicians to become standard tunes.Kern was born in New York City, on Sutton Place, in what was then the city's brewery district. His parents were Henry Kern (1842–1908), a Jewish German immigrant, and Fannie Kern née Kakeles (1852–1907), who was an American Jew of Bohemian parentage.  At the time of Kern's birth, his father ran a livery stable; later he became a successful merchant. Kern grew up on East 56th Street in Manhattan, where he attended public schools. He showed an early aptitude for music and was taught to play the piano and organ by his mother, a professional player and teacher.
<Bernard_Curry>	Bernard Curry (born 27 March 1974) is an Australian actor, best known for his role as Jake Stewart in Wentworth, Luke Handley in Neighbours and Hugo Austin in Home and Away.Curry first appeared in Neighbours in 1995 as Luke Handley, and remained on the television series for just over a year. He later returned to the show in a video cameo appearance in 2005 for the programme's 20th anniversary.
<Nargis>	Nargis Dutt (born Fatima Rashid; 1 June 1929 – 3 May 1981) was an Indian actress and politician who worked in Hindi cinema. Regarded as one of the greatest actresses in the history of Indian cinema, she made her screen debut in a minor role at the age of five with Talash-E-Haq (1935), but her acting career actually began with the film Tamanna (1942).In a career that spanned three decades, Nargis appeared in numerous commercially successful as well as critically acclaimed films, many of which featured her alongside actor Raj Kapoor. Her best-known role was that of Radha in the Academy Award-nominated Mother India (1957), a performance that won her the Filmfare Award for Best Actress. She would appear infrequently in films during the 1960s. Some of her films of this period include the drama Raat Aur Din (1967), for which she received the inaugural National Film Award for Best Actress.
<M._Frederick_Hawthorne>	Marion Frederick Hawthorne (August 24, 1928 – July 8, 2021) was an inorganic chemist who made contributions to the chemistry of boron hydrides, especially their clusters.Hawthorne was born on August 24, 1928, in Fort Scott, Kansas. He received his elementary and secondary education in Kansas and Missouri. Prior to high school graduation, he entered the Missouri School of Mines and Metallurgy, Rolla, Missouri through examination as a chemical engineering student. He then transferred to Pomona College, where he received a B.A. degree in chemistry in 1949. While there he conducted research with Corwin Hansch. Hawthorne completed his Ph.D. in organic chemistry under Donald J. Cram at the University of California, Los Angeles in 1953. He conducted postdoctoral research at Iowa State University with George S. Hammond, before joining the Redstone Arsenal Research Division of the Rohm and Haas Company in Huntsville, Alabama.At the Redstone Arsenal, he worked on the chemistry of boron hydrides making several notable discoveries.  In 1962, he moved to the University of California, Riverside as professor of chemistry. He moved to the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) in 1969. In 1998, he was appointed University Professor of Chemistry at UCLA.  He then returned to his home state of Missouri as head of the International Institute of Nano and Molecular Medicine at University of Missouri.
<Anneke_Wills>	Anneke Wills (/ˈænɪkə/; born Anna Katarina Willys, 20 October 1941) is an English actress, best known for her role as the Doctor Who companion Polly in the long-running BBC science fiction television series Doctor Who.Wills's father, Alaric Willys, was a captain in the British Army. Her mother, Anna, was Dutch, born in Rotterdam. Anneke is the granddaughter of Richard Raymond Willis VC.
<Peter_Hain>	Peter Gerald Hain, Baron Hain PC (born 16 February 1950), is a British politician who served as Secretary of State for Northern Ireland from 2005 to 2007, Secretary of State for Work and Pensions from 2007 to 2008 and twice as Secretary of State for Wales from 2002 to 2008 and from 2009 to 2010. A member of the Labour Party, he was Member of Parliament (MP) for Neath between 1991 and 2015.Born in Kenya Colony to South African parents, Hain came to the United Kingdom from South Africa as a teenager and was a noted anti-fascist and anti-apartheid campaigner in the 1970s, and was convicted of criminal conspiracy for leading direct action events. Elected to Parliament at a 1991 by-election, he initially served in Tony Blair's government as a junior minister in the Wales Office, Foreign Office and Department of Trade and Industry. Promoted to the Cabinet as Welsh Secretary in 2002, he served concurrently as Leader of the House of Commons from 2003 to 2005 and Northern Ireland Secretary from 2005 to 2007.
<A._G._L._Shaw>	Alan George Lewers Shaw AO FAHA FASSA FRAHS FRHSV (3 February 1916 – 5 April 2012) was an Australian historian and author of several text books and historiographies on Australian and Victorian history. He taught at the University of Melbourne and the University of Sydney, and was professor of history at Monash University from 1964 until his retirement in 1981.Shaw was born in Melbourne on 3 February 1916 to George Shaw, a solicitor, and his wife Ethel née Lewers. Shaw was educated at Melbourne Grammar School, where he was on the debating team, played violin in the orchestra and was awarded the Frank Grey Smith Scholarship for Classics or Modern Languages. He entered Trinity College at the University of Melbourne in 1935, where he was president of the Dialectic Society in 1938. After graduating as a Bachelor of Arts (BA) with first-class honours in history and political science, Shaw tutored at Trinity College before leaving for further study at Christ Church, Oxford, graduating BA (later MA) with first-class honours in philosophy, politics, and economics in 1940. While there, he was a member of the Oxford Union and the Oxford University Music Society.
<Alan_Beddoe>	Lieutenant-Commander Alan Brookman Beddoe, OC, OBE, HFHS, FHSC (June 1, 1893 – December 2, 1975) was a Canadian artist, war artist, consultant in heraldry and founder and first president of the Heraldry Society of Canada in 1965.Born in Ottawa, Ontario, in 1893, he studied at Ashbury College. During World War I, he was captured at Second Battle of Ypres in 1915 and spent two and a half years in the prisoner of war camps at Gießen and Zerbst. He studied art at the Ecole des Beaux-Arts in Paris. After the war, he studied at the Art Students League of New York under DuMond and Bridgman. In 1925, he opened the first commercial art studio in Ottawa.  He was also an expert in heraldry. The Alan Beddoe collection at Library and Archives Canada contains designs and studies for the Book of Remembrance, postage stamps, posters, crests, money, architecture, coats-of-arms, and a new Canadian flag. His fonds include slides, colour transparencies, prints, watercolours and drawings related to Canadian heraldry.Beddoe was instrumental in the creation of the major Books of Remembrance, now housed in the Peace Tower on Parliament Hill in Ottawa.  The artist originally chosen for the job, James Purves, died in 1940, at which time Beddoe took on the task.  He supervised a team of artists for about the next 2 years to illuminate and hand-letter the books, listing the names of Canadians who died in Canada's military service during World War I and after World War II he supervised another team of artists to create the Book of Remembrance for World War II. He was inducted to the OBE and received the Allied Arts Medal awarded by the Royal Architectural Institute for his work on the Books of Remembrance and made an officer of the Order of Canada. He also was instrumental in the creation of the South Africa Book of Remembrance 1956–1966; Yvonne Diceman, who had worked with him on the Book of Remembrance WWII, produced the Korea Book of Remembrance 1957–1958 and the Newfoundland Book of Remembrance 1972.
<Carolyn_McCarthy>	Carolyn McCarthy (née  Cook; born January 5, 1944) is an American politician who served as the U.S. representative for New York's 4th congressional district from 1997 to 2015. She is a member of the Democratic Party.On January 8, 2014, she announced that she would not run for re-election that November, citing health; she retired in January 2015 and was replaced by fellow Democrat Kathleen Rice.
<Forbidden_Broadway>	Forbidden Broadway is an Off-Broadway revue parodying musical theatre, particularly Broadway musicals. It was conceived, written and directed by Gerard Alessandrini.The original version of the revue opened on January 15, 1982, at Palsson's Supper Club in New York City and ran for 2,332 performances. Alessandrini has rewritten the show more than a dozen times over the years to include parodies of newer shows. In the original iteration of the show, Alessandrini was one of the original actors alongside the actress Nora Mae Lyng, whom Alessandrini said he "created it for.". Michael Chapman directed and produced. In 1982, Jeff Martin succeeded Chapman as director. Alessandrini assumed the directing position subsequently, with Phillip George, Alessandrini's long-time collaborator, co-directing or directing all of the editions of the revue since 2004.The show, in its various editions, received over 9,000 performances by 2009 and has been seen in more than 200 U.S. cities as well as playing in London, Tokyo, Singapore and Sydney.
<Mirko_Stefani>	Mirko Stefani (born 25 January 1984) is an Italian former footballer who played as a defender.Stefani has played once in Serie A and over 100 matches in Serie C2.
<Naismith_College_Coach_of_the_Year>	Naismith College Coach of the Year Award is an award given by the Atlanta Tipoff Club to one men's and one women's NCAA Division I collegiate coach each season since 1987. The award was originally given to the two winning coaches of the NCAA Division I basketball tournament for the first two years of its existence; in 1989, the Naismith Award's governing board decided to give it out via voting process.The men's side has had five multiple winners:  John Calipari and Mike Krzyzewski with three each, and Tony Bennett, Mark Few, and Jay Wright with two each.The women's side has also had five multiple winners: Geno Auriemma with eight, Pat Summitt with five, Muffet McGraw and Tara VanDerveer with three each, and Dawn Staley with two.
<TPC_Potomac_at_Avenel_Farm>	TPC Potomac at Avenel Farm (formerly TPC Avenel) is a private golf club in the eastern United States, located in Potomac, Maryland, a suburb northwest of Washington, D.C. It was formerly a regular stop on the PGA Tour as host of the Booz Allen Classic (originally Kemper Open). After a major renovation to both clubhouse and course, the clubhouse reopened in late 2008 while the course reopened on April 28, 2009.Opened thirty-six years ago in 1986, the original TPC Avenel course was roundly criticized for poor design in its early years. It was also plagued by years of flooding and drainage problems and by various turfgrass issues which affected the greens and often produced less than satisfactory tournament conditions. As a result, many top players on the PGA Tour stayed away, and the Kemper/Booz Allen tournament became unofficially relegated to "B" event status.In the summer of 2005, Dewberry and Davis land surveying crews were regularly seen taking measurements across the facility, sparking rumors that the long criticized course would finally be reconfigured. Confirmation came in 2007, when a $32 million golf course and clubhouse renovation commenced in an effort to bring back a tournament to the Washington D.C. area. The renovation covered the entire course, which has been reshaped into a new 7,139-yard (6,528 m) course at par 70 with Rock Run Creek being expanded and cleaned up.
<Thea_von_Harbou>	Thea Gabriele von Harbou (27 December 1888 – 1 July 1954) was a German screenwriter, novelist, film director, and actress. She is remembered as the screenwriter of the science fiction film classic Metropolis (1927) and for the 1925 novel on which it was based. Harbou collaborated as a screenwriter with film director Fritz Lang, her husband, during the period of transition from silent to sound films.Thea von Harbou was born in Tauperlitz (now part of Döhlau), Bavaria, in 1888, into a family of minor nobility and government officials, which gave her a level of sophisticated comfort. As a child, she was educated in a convent by private tutors who taught her several languages as well as piano and violin. She was a child prodigy.Her first works, a short story published in a magazine and a volume of poems published privately, focused on perceptions of art, subjects considered unusual for a girl of thirteen. Despite her privileged childhood, Harbou wanted to earn a living on her own, which led her to become an actress despite her father's disapproval.
<Brad_Pitt>	William Bradley Pitt (born December 18, 1963) is an American actor and film producer. He is the recipient of various accolades, including two Academy Awards, a British Academy Film Award, two Golden Globe Awards, and a Primetime Emmy Award. As a public figure, Pitt has been cited as one of the most powerful and influential people in the American entertainment industry.Pitt first gained recognition as a cowboy hitchhiker in the Ridley Scott road film Thelma & Louise (1991). His first leading roles in big-budget productions came with the drama films A River Runs Through It (1992) and Legends of the Fall (1994), and the horror film Interview with the Vampire (1994). He gave critically acclaimed performances in David Fincher's crime thriller Seven (1995) and the science fiction film 12 Monkeys (1995). The latter earned him a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor and his first Academy Award nomination.
<Robert_Ginty>	Robert Winthrop Ginty (November 14, 1948 – September 21, 2009) was an American actor, producer, screenwriter, and director perhaps best known for playing Thomas Craig Anderson on the television series The Paper Chase.Ginty was born in Brooklyn, New York, the son of Elsie M. (née O'Hara), a government worker, and Michael Joseph Ginty, a construction worker. Ginty was involved with music from an early age, playing drums with Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin, Carlos Santana and John Lee Hooker. He studied at Yale and trained at the Neighborhood Playhouse and the Actors Studio. Ginty worked in the regional theater circuit, and New York theatre on Broadway. Harold Prince hired him as his assistant after seeing him perform in The New Hampshire Shakespeare Festival Summerstock Company under the direction of Jon Ogden in 1973.Ginty moved to California in the 1970s, where he found frequent work in various series in the mid-1970s. In 1975, he appeared in the NBC television movie John O'Hara's Gibbsville (also known as The Turning Point of Jim Malloy). In 1976, he attained some popularity after finding a steady role starring with Robert Conrad in Baa Baa Black Sheep, a successful television series about the experiences of United States Marine Corps aviator Pappy Boyington and his squadron of misfits during World War II. Ginty played pilot T.J. Wiley. He also appeared in one episode of The Father Dowling Mysteries (Season 3 Episode 8) as shady bookstore owner Lenny Rothstein.
<Adams_Prize>	The Adams Prize is one of the most prestigious prizes awarded by the University of Cambridge. It is awarded each year by the Faculty of Mathematics at the University of Cambridge and St John's College to a UK-based mathematician for distinguished research in the Mathematical Sciences.The prize is named after the mathematician John Couch Adams. It was endowed by members of St John's College and was approved by the senate of the university in 1848 to commemorate Adams' controversial role in the discovery of the planet Neptune. Originally open only to Cambridge graduates, the current stipulation is that the mathematician must reside in the UK and must be under forty years of age. Each year applications are invited from mathematicians who have worked in a specific area of mathematics. As of 2012[update] the Adams Prize is worth approximately £14,000. The prize is awarded in three parts. The first third is paid directly to the candidate; another third is paid to the candidate's institution to fund research expenses; and the final third is paid on publication of a survey paper in the winner's field in a major mathematics journal.
<William_McIlvanney>	William McIlvanney (25 November 1936 – 5 December 2015) was a Scottish novelist, short story writer, and poet. He was known as Gus by friends and acquaintances. McIlvanney was a champion of gritty yet poetic literature; his works Laidlaw, The Papers of Tony Veitch, and Walking Wounded are all known for their portrayal of Glasgow in the 1970s. He is regarded as "the father of Tartan Noir" and as Scotland's Camus.McIlvanney was born in Kilmarnock on 25 November 1936, the youngest of four children of a former miner, and attended school at Kilmarnock Academy. He went on to study English at the University of Glasgow and graduated with an MA in 1960. McIlvanney then worked as an English teacher until 1975, when he left the position of assistant headmaster at Greenwood Academy to pursue his writing career. The writer's elder brother was the sports journalist Hugh McIlvanney. His son, Liam McIlvanney, is also a crime writer.
<Dorothy_Dalton>	Dorothy Dalton (September 22, 1893 – April 13, 1972) was an American silent film actress and stage personality who worked her way from a stock company to a movie career. Beginning in 1910, Dalton was a player in stock companies in Chicago; Terre Haute, Indiana; and Holyoke, Massachusetts. She joined the Keith-Albee-Orpheum Corporation vaudeville circuits. By 1914 she was working in Hollywood.Born in Chicago, Dalton made her movie debut in 1914 in Pierre of the Plains, co-starring Edgar Selwyn, followed by the lead role in Across the Pacific that same year. In 1915, she appeared with William S. Hart in The Disciple. This production came before she left Triangle Film Corporation and was signed to Thomas Harper Ince Studios. While Ince meant to cast her in mature roles, she had preferred to play ingénues.
<Susan_Solomon>	Susan Solomon (born January 19, 1956 in Chicago) is an American atmospheric chemist, working for most of her career at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. In 2011, Solomon joined the faculty at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where she serves as the Ellen Swallow Richards Professor of Atmospheric Chemistry & Climate Science. Solomon, with her colleagues, was the first to propose the chlorofluorocarbon free radical reaction mechanism that is the cause of the Antarctic ozone hole.Solomon is a member of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences, the European Academy of Sciences, and the French Academy of Sciences.In 2002, Discover magazine recognized her  as one of the 50 most important women in science.In 2008, Solomon was selected by Time magazine as one of the 100 most influential people in the world. She also serves on the Science and Security Board for the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists.
<Kill_Me_Quick>	Kill Me Quick, published in 1973, is a novel by Meja Mwangi. The novel won the Jomo Kenyatta Prize for Literature in 1974.The story follows Meja and Maina, two young boys who move to the city after obtaining their secondary school diplomas. They hope to find jobs in order to support their families back home. Initially unsuccessful, the pair live in dumpsters, eating rotten fruit and stale cakes, unable to return home as failures. Eventually, they obtain jobs at a farm working for a very rich family. Maina causes problems in the house while blaming Meja, who suffers the consequences. Meja is put on half rations, moved from job to job, then has his rations almost completely revoked. After Maina's biggest episode, the pair lose their jobs.Mania and Meja split after Mania steals from a store and gets Meja in trouble. Meja flees home only to return to the city and work in a coal mine. Maina joins a gang in "shanty land," led by a boy named Razor who claims they went to school together. Here, Maina attempts to run a scheme selling milk to clients in the area, which he has stolen from the rich neighborhood. Eventually, he is caught.The pair meet up again in prison, but soon go their separate ways. Meja continues to go in and out of prison, and Maina ends up on trial for murder.Treatment of women
<Vera_Miles>	Vera June Miles (née Ralston, born August 23, 1929) is an American retired actress who worked closely with Alfred Hitchcock, most notably as Lila Crane in the classic 1960 film Psycho, reprising the role in the 1983 sequel Psycho II. Other films in which she appeared include Tarzan's Hidden Jungle (1955), The Searchers (1956), Alfred Hitchcock's The Wrong Man (1956), A Touch of Larceny (1959), The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance (1962), Follow Me, Boys! (1966), Sergeant Ryker (1968), and Molly and Lawless John (1972).Vera June Ralston was born in Boise City, Oklahoma, on August 23, 1929, to Thomas and Bernice (née Wyrick) Ralston. She had two older brothers.[citation needed]
<Paul_Valentine>	Paul Valentine (born William Daixel; March 23, 1919 – January 27, 2006) was an American film and television actor. He was married to Lili St. Cyr from 1946 to 1950 and danced opposite her on stage.Born in New York City he was educated at P.S. 40 and the Central Commercial High School.
<The_Birds_(play)>	Silent rolesThe Birds (Greek: Ὄρνιθες, translit. Órnithes) is a comedy by the Ancient Greek playwright Aristophanes. It was performed in 414 BC at the City Dionysia in Athens where it won second place. It has been acclaimed by modern critics as a perfectly realized fantasy remarkable for its mimicry of birds and for the gaiety of its songs. Unlike the author's other early plays, it includes no direct mention of the Peloponnesian War and there are few references to Athenian politics, and yet it was staged not long after the commencement of the Sicilian Expedition, an ambitious military campaign that greatly increased Athenian commitment to the war effort. In spite of that, the play has many indirect references to Athenian political and social life. It is the longest of Aristophanes's surviving plays and yet it is a fairly conventional example of Old Comedy.The plot of the play revolves around Pisthetaerus, an Athenian who convinces the birds to create a great city in the sky, and thus regain their status as the original gods. Pisthetaerus eventually transforms into a bird-like god himself, and replaces Zeus as the king of the gods.
<José_Sarney>	José Sarney de Araújo Costa (Portuguese pronunciation: [ʒuˈzɛ saʁˈnej dʒi aɾaˈuʒu ˈkɔstɐ]; born José Ribamar Ferreira de Araújo Costa; 24 April 1930) is a Brazilian politician, lawyer, and writer who served as 31st president of Brazil from 1985 to 1990. He briefly served as the 20th vice president of Brazil for a month between April and May 1985.Sarney was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1955 until 1966 and of the Senate from 1971 until 1985. He was also the Governor of Maranhão from 1966 until 1970. During the Brazilian military dictatorship, Sarney affiliated himself with the government party, ARENA, becoming the president of the party in 1979. Sarney joined the dissenters, and was instrumental in the creation of the Liberal Front Party. 
<International_Petroleum_Investment_Company>	Mubadala Investment Company PJSC (Arabic: شركة مبادلة للاستثمار), or simply Mubadala, is an Emirati state-owned holding company that acts as a sovereign wealth fund. The company was established in 2017 when then-named Mubadala Development Company (now Mamoura Diversified Global Holding) and the International Petroleum Investment Company (IPIC) merged.Established in 1984, International Petroleum Investment Company (IPIC) was created to advance Abu Dhabi’s natural petroleum wealth for the development of the emirate. Mubadala Development Company followed in 2002 to further diversify the economy.In June 2016, it was announced that Mubadala Development Company would merge with the International Petroleum Investment Company. In 2017, ownership of both MDC and IPIC was transferred to a newly-created parent company, Mubadala Investment Company. The company is a wholly owned investment vehicle of the government of Abu Dhabi, in the United Arab Emirates, and Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed, the current ruler of Abu Dhabi and President of the United Arab Emirates, is a chairman in the company.Mubadala has a ventures unit called Mubadala Ventures. Mubadala has invested in logistics software startup Turvo, Alphabet-owned self-driving technology company Waymo, Reliance Jio Platforms, UK life sciences company Envision, and Telegram. Mubadala is a parent company of GlobalFoundries, a semiconductor foundry company.
<Ted_Chabasinski>	Ted Chabasinski (born March 20, 1937) is an American psychiatric survivor, human rights activist and attorney who lives in Berkeley, California. At the age of six, he was taken from his foster family's home and committed to a New York psychiatric facility. Diagnosed with childhood schizophrenia, he underwent intensive electroshock therapy (now termed electroconvulsive therapy or ECT) and remained an inmate in a state psychiatric hospital until the age of seventeen. He subsequently trained as a lawyer and became active in the psychiatric survivors movement. In 1982, he was a leader in an initially successful campaign seeking to ban the use of electroshock in Berkeley, California.Chabasinski was born in New York to a Polish-born immigrant woman. His father was of Russian descent. In the period just before and after Chabasinski's birth, his birth-mother, who was poor, unmarried and had been given a diagnosis of schizophrenia, was committed to a psychiatric facility. He was subsequently placed in the care of a foster family in the Bronx, New York. While an intelligent child, his social worker from the Foundling Hospital, a Miss Callaghan, thought him withdrawn and suspected that he was exhibiting the initial signs of an incipient schizophrenia. Chabasinski himself attributes this diagnosis to the then widespread opinion that mental illness was hereditary  and thus, he contends, the social worker supervising his foster home placement was "looking for symptoms".In 1944, at six years of age, Chabasinski, then a shy and withdrawn child, was taken from his foster family and committed to the children's ward of the psychiatric division of the Bellevue Hospital in Manhattan, New York. While in this ward, known as Unit PQ6, he was brought under the care of the celebrated child psychiatrist Lauretta Bender, now deceased, who is the clinician commonly credited with founding the study of childhood schizophrenia in the United States. She formally diagnosed Chabasinski as suffering from schizophrenia. He was one of the first children ever to receive ECT, which was then given in its unmodified form without either anaesthetic or muscle relaxant. Despite the strenuous protests of his foster parents against the treatment, he underwent ECT under a regressive and experimental protocol where the treatment was given at a more intensive frequency than was the norm for shock therapy.  Chabasinski received ECT daily for a period of about three weeks, comprising approximately twenty sessions of the procedure.
<Ciro_Gomes>	Ciro Ferreira Gomes GOMM (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈsiɾu feˈʁe(j)ɾɐ ˈɡomis]; born 6 November 1957), known mononymously as Ciro, is a Brazilian politician, lawyer, and academic. Ciro is currently affiliated with and vice-president of the Democratic Labour Party (PDT).Born in São Paulo but raised in Ceará into a political family, Ciro began his political career at the age of 27 in 1984. Ciro was elected Mayor of Fortaleza at age of 30 in 1988 and was elected Governor of Ceará at the age of 32 in 1990. During his tenure, Ciro was the most popular governor in the country. His Viva Criança program that reduced infant mortality in Ceará by 32% was given an international award by UNICEF. His success led to his appointment as Minister of Finance for a few months in late 1994 under President Itamar Franco, where he presided over the ongoing Real Plan that eventually stabilized the economy and ended hyperinflation.
<World_Bank>	The World Bank is an international financial institution that provides loans and grants to the governments of low- and middle-income countries for the purpose of pursuing capital projects. The World Bank is the collective name for the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD) and International Development Association (IDA), two of five international organizations owned by the World Bank Group. It was established along with the International Monetary Fund at the 1944 Bretton Woods Conference. After a slow start, its first loan was to France in 1947. In the 1970s, it focused on loans to developing world countries, shifting away from that mission in the 1980s. For the last 30 years, it has included NGOs and environmental groups in its loan portfolio. Its loan strategy is influenced by the Sustainable Development Goals as well as environmental and social safeguards. As of 2022[update], the World Bank is run by a president and 25 executive directors, as well as 29 various vice presidents. IBRD and IDA have 189 and 174 member countries, respectively. The U.S., Japan, China, Germany and the U.K. have the most voting power. The bank aims loans at developing countries to help reduce poverty. The bank is engaged in several global partnerships and initiatives, and takes a role in working toward addressing climate change. The World Bank operates a number of training wings and it works with the Clean Air Initiative and the UN Development Business. It works within the Open Data Initiative and hosts an Open Knowledge Repository. 
<Sanzaru_Games>	Sanzaru Games, Inc. is an American video game development company that was founded in Foster City, California in 2006. Sanzaru also has a satellite studio based in Ottawa, Ontario called Kitazaru, as well as an office in Dublin, California. The company name is based on the three wise monkeys (called sanzaru in Japan).Their first game was Ninja Reflex, released on March 1, 2008, for PC, Nintendo DS and Wii. Their second game was a port of the High Impact Games developed PlayStation Portable game Secret Agent Clank, released on May 26, 2009, for PlayStation 2. Their third game was a high definition remastered collection of the Sly Cooper games originally developed by Sucker Punch Productions for the PlayStation 2, titled The Sly Collection and released on November 9, 2010, for PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita. Their fourth game was Mystery Case Files: The Malgrave Incident, which they assisted in development with Big Fish Games on, was released on June 27, 2011, for Wii. Their fifth game is Sly Cooper: Thieves in Time, which was set to be released late 2012, but was delayed to February 2013. Their latest game was revealed as a remake of Spyro: Year of the Dragon, which was included in the Spyro Reignited trilogy.
<King's_Ely>	King's Ely (renamed from "The King's School" in March 2012), is a co-educational public school (English independent day and boarding school) in the city of Ely in England. It was founded in 970 AD, making it one of the oldest schools in the world. It was given its Royal Charter by King Henry VIII in 1541. The school consists of a nursery, a pre-preparatory school, a junior school, a senior school, a sixth form, and an international school. King's Ely is a member of the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference.The school has produced a number of notable alumni, including, Edward the Confessor, King of England, Lord Browne of Madingley, erstwhile chairman of British Petroleum, and James Bowman, countertenor.
<André_Bettencourt>	André Bettencourt (French pronunciation: ​[ɑ̃dʁe bɛtɑ̃kuʁ]; 21 April 1919 – 19 November 2007) was a French politician. He was awarded the Croix de Guerre, and was a Chevalier of the Legion of Honor. He had been a member of La Cagoule, a violent French fascist-leaning and anti-communist group, before and into the Second World War; he then joined the anti-German Resistance late in the war. His earlier affiliation was not known when he later served as a cabinet minister under presidents Pierre Mendès France and Charles de Gaulle, and was awarded for his bravery in the Resistance against the Nazis.He was born in Saint-Maurice-d'Ételan (Seine-Maritime) in an old Catholic Norman noble family.
<Gawdat_Bahgat>	Gawdat Bahgat (born c. 1960s) is a professor of political science at the National Defense University. Bahgat was born and raised in Cairo, Egypt and earned degrees at Cairo University and American University in Cairo. He emigrated to the United States and earned his Ph.D at Florida State University in 1991.Bahgat served as a professor of political science at Indiana University of Pennsylvania from 1995 to 2009 where he also was the Director of the Center for Middle Eastern Studies. In 2006–07 he earned the Distinguished Faculty Award for research.Bahgat has published numerous books, chapters, and articles on various subjects including oil politics, nuclear proliferation and the Persian Gulf and Caspian Sea regions. His works have been translated into Arabic, Russian, German, Italian, Portuguese and Japanese.
<Hugo_Meynell>	Hugo Meynell (June 1735 – 14 December 1808) was an English country landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1762 and 1780. He is generally seen as the father of modern fox hunting, became Master of Fox Hounds for the Quorn Hunt in Leicestershire in 1753 and continued in that role for another forty-seven years (the hunt is so called after Meynell's home, Quorn Hall in Quorndon, North Leicestershire).He was born the son of Littleton Pointz Meynell in June 1735.
<Gilean_McVean>	Gilean Alistair Tristram McVean (born 25 February 1973) FRS FMedSci is a professor of statistical genetics at the University of Oxford, fellow of Linacre College, Oxford and co-founder and director of Genomics plc. He also co-chaired the 1000 Genomes Project analysis group.From 1991-94, he completed a Bachelor of Arts degree in Biological Sciences at the University of Oxford. He completed his PhD in the Department of Genetics at the University of Cambridge supervised by Laurence Hurst in 1998.
<Gary_Cooper>	Gary Cooper (born Frank James Cooper; May 7, 1901 – May 13, 1961) was an American actor known for his strong, quiet screen persona and understated acting style. He won the Academy Award for Best Actor twice and had a further three nominations, as well as an Academy Honorary Award in 1961 for his career achievements. He was one of the top 10 film personalities for 23 consecutive years and one of the top money-making stars for 18 years. The American Film Institute (AFI) ranked Cooper at No. 11 on its list of the 25 greatest male stars of classic Hollywood cinema.Cooper's career spanned 36 years, from 1925 to 1961, and included leading roles in 84 feature films. He was a major movie star from the end of the silent film era through to the end of the golden age of Classical Hollywood. His screen persona appealed strongly to both men and women, and his range included roles in most major film genres. His ability to project his own personality onto the characters he played contributed to his natural and authentic appearance on screen. Throughout his career, he sustained a screen persona that represented the ideal American hero.
<DEPA>	Public Gas Corporation of Greece A.E. (DEPA; Greek: Δημόσια Επιχείρηση Αερίου (ΔΕΠΑ) Α.Ε.) commonly known for its Greek abbreviation DEPA (Greek: ΔΕΠΑ, romanized: DEPA) is the natural gas supply company of Greece. The registered office of the company is based in Irakleio,  Attica. It operates within the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Development. The current chairman is Ioannis Papadopoulos while Konstantinos Xifaras serves as CEO.  In 2005, in order to liberalise the natural gas market, DESFA was created as a fully owned subsidiary to transport natural gas within Greece.  Since then, DEPA sells gas to large consumers and to the gas supply companies.  Natural gas is imported by pipelines from Bulgaria and Turkey and by liquefied natural gas at the Revithoussa LNG Terminal.In May 2018 it was announced to sell DEPA's subsidiaries in Thessaly and Thessaloniki to Italian company Eni. It was reported that DEPA would only keep the gas operations in Attica area.In 2019, the privatization of DEPA was approved by the Greek Government, and the company was split into three separate entities: DEPA Infrastructure, DEPA International Projects and DEPA Commercial.
<Dream_Park>	Dream Park is a 1981 sci-fi/murder mystery novel written by Larry Niven and Steven Barnes set in a futuristic amusement park of the same name. It was nominated for the 1982 Locus Awardand later expanded into a series of cyberpunk murder mysteries: The Barsoom Project (1989), The California Voodoo Game (1992), and The Moon Maze Game (2011). The books describe a futuristic form of live action role-playing games (LARPs), although the term was not in use when the original novel was published. The novels inspired many LARP groups, notably the International Fantasy Games Society, named after a fictional entity in the book.The Dream Park series is set in a near-future Earth, the first book taking place in March 2051. Technology is used to create realistic games in which participants act out the roles of free-willed protagonists in various stories. These are role-playing games and foreshadowed many aspects of modern live action role-playing games.Many elements of the Dream Park "Games" will be familiar to players of traditional pen-and-paper role playing games, such as Dungeons & Dragons.  The novels are replete with references to dice rolls, character sheets, and experience points . . . although there's no mention of anyone playing pen-and-paper (just video games).  Most of the classic character classes (fighter, mage, thief, and cleric) are still in use, although "engineer" and "scout" are added in.
<X+Y>	X+Y, released in the US as A Brilliant Young Mind, is a 2014 British drama film directed by Morgan Matthews and starring Asa Butterfield, Rafe Spall and Sally Hawkins.
<CVS_Pharmacy>	CVS Pharmacy, Inc. is an American retail corporation. A subsidiary of CVS Health, it is headquartered in Woonsocket, Rhode Island. It was also known as, and originally named, the Consumer Value Store and was founded in Lowell, Massachusetts, in 1963.The chain was owned by its original holding company Melville Corporation from its inception until its current parent company (CVS Health) was spun off into its own company in 1996. CVS Pharmacy is currently the largest pharmacy chain in the United States by number of locations (over 9,600 as of 2016) and total prescription revenue. Its parent company ranks as the fifth largest U.S. corporation by FY2020 revenues in the Fortune 500. The parent company of CVS Pharmacy's leading competitor (Walgreens) ranked 19th for the same time period. CVS sells prescription drugs and a wide assortment of general merchandise, including over-the-counter drugs, beauty products and cosmetics, film and photo finishing services, seasonal merchandise, greeting cards, and convenience foods through their CVS Pharmacy and Longs Drugs retail stores and online through CVS.com. It also provides healthcare services through its more than 1,100 MinuteClinic medical clinics as well as their Diabetes Care Centers. Most of these clinics are located within or outside CVS stores.
<Luna_(Peters_novel)>	Luna is a young adult novel, by Julie Anne Peters, and was first published in 2004.Luna follows the life of sixteen-year-old Regan as she keeps the secret of her older sister Luna's transgender identity. During the day, Luna pretends to be an average senior boy named Liam. But at night, Luna is allowed to be her true self: Lia Marie, a girl. Later, she changes her female name to Luna, which means "moon", to reflect that her true identity could only be seen at night.  After years of ‘transforming’ only at night, Luna confides in her sister that she wants to transition into a full-time female. Luna asks Regan to help her with her transitioning and, although she agrees, she finds herself worried about Luna and her safety.  The novel follows Regan as she makes sense of her sister’s decision.Other problems arise for Regan as she is attending high school. She spends most of her life avoiding other students, in fear of letting the secret slip. But a new boy at school, Chris, becomes interested in her. Although Regan enjoys attention from Chris, she draws away from him, choosing to stay focused on Luna.
<Sylvia_Plath>	Sylvia Plath (/plæθ/; October 27, 1932 – February 11, 1963) was an American poet, novelist, and short story writer. She is credited with advancing the genre of confessional poetry and is best known for two of her published collections, The Colossus and Other Poems (1960) and Ariel (1965), as well as The Bell Jar, a semi-autobiographical novel published shortly before her death in 1963. The Collected Poems was published in 1981, which included previously unpublished works. For this collection Plath was awarded a Pulitzer Prize in Poetry in 1982, making her the fourth to receive this honour posthumously.Born in Boston, Massachusetts, Plath graduated from Smith College in Massachusetts and the University of Cambridge, England, where she was a student at Newnham College. She married fellow poet Ted Hughes in 1956, and they lived together in the United States and then in England. Their relationship was tumultuous and, in her letters, Plath alleges abuse at his hands. They had two children before separating in 1962.
<Michael_Lembeck>	Michael Lembeck (born June 25, 1948) is an American actor and television and film director. Best known as Max Horvath in One Day at a Time (1979-1984).Lembeck was born in Brooklyn, New York, the son of Caroline Dubs and Harvey Lembeck, an actor and comedian. His parents practiced the Jewish faith. He began acting in the late 1960s and directing in the 1970s.
<Six_TV>	Six TV was the sixth free to air terrestrial television channel in the United Kingdom, broadcast in Oxford and Southampton. It was the final analogue network to have been launched after BBC One, BBC Two, ITV, Channel 4 and Channel 5. It operated under a set of Restricted Television Service Licences, broadcasting on UHF channel 47 in Oxford and channel 29 in Southampton. It was owned by Oxford Broadcasting, who launched the channel in 1999; Oxford Broadcasting was sold to Milestone Group in 2001, who closed all operations by April 2009.Oxford Broadcasting was founded in 1998 by Debora and Thomas Harding, who both had worked at Oxford-based video production company Undercurrents. They applied for a local television licence and were successful. They raised the capital to launch the station, set up a broadcast studio in an old nuclear bunker on Woodstock Road, and hired over 60 staff. From the beginning, the channel focused on local stories, particularly sports, business, arts, music and politics.
<Harvey_Weinstein>	Harvey Weinstein (/ˈwaɪnstiːn/; born March 19, 1952) is an American former film producer and convicted sex offender. He and his brother, Bob Weinstein, co-founded the entertainment company Miramax, which produced several successful independent films including Sex, Lies, and Videotape (1989); The Crying Game (1992); Pulp Fiction (1994); Heavenly Creatures (1994); Flirting with Disaster (1996); and Shakespeare in Love (1998). Weinstein won an Academy Award for producing Shakespeare in Love and also won seven Tony Awards for plays and musicals including The Producers, Billy Elliot the Musical, and August: Osage County. After leaving Miramax, Weinstein and his brother Bob founded The Weinstein Company, a mini-major film studio. He was co-chairman, alongside Bob, from 2005 to 2017.In October 2017, following sexual abuse allegations dating back to the late 1970s, Weinstein was dismissed from his company and expelled from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. More than 80 women made allegations of sexual harassment and/or rape against Weinstein by October 31. The allegations sparked the #MeToo social media campaign and subsequent sexual abuse allegations against many powerful men around the world; this phenomenon is referred to as the "Weinstein effect". Weinstein was arrested and charged with rape in New York in May 2018, and was found guilty of two of five felonies in February 2020. Weinstein was sentenced to 23 years in prison, and began serving his sentence at Wende Correctional Facility. His earliest possible release date is November 9, 2039, when he will be 87 years old. On July 20, 2021, he was extradited to Los Angeles to face further charges at a subsequent trial.
<Akhil_Sharma>	Akhil Sharma (born July 22, 1971) is an Indian-American author and professor of creative writing. His first published novel An Obedient Father won the 2001 Hemingway Foundation/PEN Award. His second, Family Life, won the 2015 Folio Prize and 2016 International Dublin Literary Award.Born in Delhi, India, he immigrated to the United States when he was eight, and grew up in Edison, New Jersey, where he graduated from J.P. Stevens High School. Sharma described experiencing racism in school and in the city: "people cursing at us in the street, and being spat at at school." Sharma's teenage brother was in a pool accident that left him in a thirty-year coma, an incident that forms the basis of Sharma's semi-autobiographical novel, Family Life. Sharma studied at Princeton University, where he earned his B.A. in public policy at the Woodrow Wilson School. While there, he also studied under a succession of notable writers, including Russell Banks, Toni Morrison, Joyce Carol Oates, Paul Auster, John McPhee, and Tony Kushner. He then won a Stegner Fellowship to the writing program at Stanford, where he won two O. Henry Awards (1995 and 1997). He then attempted to become a screenwriter, but, disappointed with his fortunes, left to attend Harvard Law School.Sharma went on to become an assistant professor in the creative writing MFA program at Rutgers University-Newark.
<Ann_Sheridan>	Clara Lou "Ann" Sheridan (February 21, 1915 – January 21, 1967) was an American actress and singer. She is best known for her roles in the films San Quentin (1937) with Humphrey Bogart, Angels with Dirty Faces (1938) with James Cagney and Bogart, They Drive by Night (1940) with George Raft and Bogart, City for Conquest (1940) with Cagney and Elia Kazan, The Man Who Came to Dinner (1942) with Bette Davis, Kings Row (1942) with Ronald Reagan, Nora Prentiss (1947), and I Was a Male War Bride (1949) with Cary Grant.Clara Lou Sheridan was born in Denton, Texas, on February 21, 1915, the youngest of five children (Kitty, Pauline, Mabel and George) of George W. Sheridan and Lula Stewart (née Warren). According to Sheridan, her father was a grandnephew of Civil War Union general Philip Sheridan.
<Lierse_S.K.>	Koninklijke Lierse Sportkring (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈkoːnɪŋkləkə ˈliːrsə ˈspɔrtkrɪŋ]), often simply known as Lierse, was a Belgian professional football club from the city of Lier in the Antwerp province. Lierse have won four championship titles and two Belgian Cups. Lierse was one of the six Belgian clubs to have played in the UEFA Champions League group stage, the other being Anderlecht, Club Brugge, Genk, Standard Liège and KAA Gent.The club was founded in 1906 and they first promoted to the first division in 1927–28. Lierse was successful in the first division until the end of World War II, winning two titles and finishing only four times outside the top five. At the end of the 1947–48 season, they were relegated to the second division. Lierse enjoyed two more spells at the highest level, each time with a championship win (between 1953–54 and 1985–86 and between 1988–89 and 2006–07). Lierse spent five more years in first division between 2010–11 and 2014–15, but since then played in the second division.
<The_Curious_Savage>	The Curious Savage, written by John Patrick, is a comedic play about Ethel P. Savage, an elderly woman whose husband recently died and left her approximately ten million dollars. Contrasting the kindness and loyalty of psychiatric patients with the avarice and vanity of "respectable" public figures, it calls into question conventional definitions of sanity while lampooning celebrity culture. The play was first produced in New York by the Theatre Guild and Lewis & Young at the Martin Beck Theatre and opened October 24, 1950, with Lillian Gish in the role of Ethel. Peter Glenville directed the production.The play opens with the five residents of a sanatorium awaiting a new resident. The current residents of the sanatorium, called The Cloisters, function normally, excepting one small ailment. Fairy May (a plain girl who has difficulty telling fantasy from truth) sees herself as a person of great beauty. Jeff (a concert pianist and military veteran) believes that he was horribly scarred in the war, even though he survived the plane crash that killed all his men without a scratch. Florence dotes on a doll as if it were her 5-year-old living son (who had died at infancy). Hannibal (a statistician who lost his reason after being replaced by an electronic calculator and not finding work again) believes himself to be a concert violinist, even though he cannot play the violin. Mrs. Paddy, who had been told by her husband to "shut up" years before, rarely speaks except to shout out protracted lists of things she hates (including electricity, which she has given up for Lent) She believes herself to be a great artist, though her painting style is simplistic.Soon, Mrs. Savage (the widow of a millionaire) and her stepchildren arrive, and the five residents eavesdrop from the hallway outside. Ethel's three stepchildren, Titus (a U.S. senator), Lily Belle (a self-proclaimed ingenue), and Samuel (a judge), had been shocked to find out that their stepmother had set up a memorial fund with her money in order to help average people pursue their dreams. On the basis of her "eccentric" behavior (such as taking up acting and the goals of her fund) they had her committed to The Cloisters so that they could take the money from her. When Ethel's three stepchildren leave, the five inmates introduce themselves to Mrs. Savage. Mrs. Savage tells them of her escapades in the theater before they all leave for Garden Hour. She then reveals to Miss Willie, her nurse, and Dr. Emmett, her doctor, that she has hidden the money that her stepchildren tried to take from her.
<Vitória_F.C.>	Vitória Futebol Clube is a Portuguese sports club from the city of Setúbal. Popularly known as Vitória de Setúbal (pronounced [viˈtɔɾiɐ dɨ sɨˈtubaɫ]), the club was born under the original name Sport Victoria from the ashes of the small Bonfim Foot-Ball Club.When it comes to main achievements in Portugal, Vitória de Setúbal have won six trophies: three Taça de Portugal and one Taça da Liga. Internationally, Vitória have won a Small Club World Cup and an Iberian Cup. Historically, it is one of the most decorated clubs in the country, apart from the Big Three.
<Rob_Kiernan>	Robert Samuel Kiernan (born 13 January 1991) is a professional footballer who plays as a defender for USL Championship side Orange County SC. Born in England, he has represented the Republic of Ireland at youth level. Kiernan has previously played for Watford, Wigan Athletic and Rangers, and has also spent time on loan at Kilmarnock, Yeovil Town, Bradford City, Wycombe Wanderers, Accrington Stanley, Burton Albion, Brentford, Southend United and Birmingham City. Kiernan, who was born in Hertfordshire, played for the Republic of Ireland at youth levels up to and including under-21.
<James_Otto_Lewis>	James Otto Lewis (February 3, 1799 – November 2, 1858) was an American engraver and painter who was noted for his portraits of Native American leaders and other figures of the American frontier. Lewis began his engraving career in Philadelphia about 1815.From 1819 to at least 1834, Lewis worked in the west, what was then Michigan Territory, including present-day states of Indiana and Wisconsin. For eleven years of that time, he was working for the Bureau of Indian Affairs, then within the War Department, to make portraits of Native Americans. He published copies of his work in The Aboriginal Port Folio in Philadelphia, between 1835 and 1836.Lewis was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in 1799.  He grew up learning to draw, paint, and make engravings.
<Leon_Uris>	Leon Marcus Uris (August 3, 1924 – June 21, 2003) was an American author of historical fiction who wrote many bestselling books including Exodus (published in 1958) and Trinity (published in 1976).Uris was born in Baltimore, Maryland, the son of Jewish American parents Wolf William and Anna (née Blumberg) Uris. His father, a Polish-born immigrant, was a paperhanger, then a storekeeper. His mother was first-generation Russian American. William spent a year in Palestine after World War I before entering the United States. He derived his last name from Yerushalmi, meaning "man of Jerusalem". (His brother Aron, Leon's uncle, took the name Yerushalmi.) "He was basically a failure", Uris later said of his father. "I think his personality was formed by the harsh realities of being a Jew in Czarist Russia. I think failure formed his character, made him bitter."
<Marshall_Space_Flight_Center>	Coordinates: 34°38′49″N 86°40′27″W﻿ / ﻿34.64688°N 86.67416°W﻿ / 34.64688; -86.67416The George C. Marshall Space Flight Center (MSFC), located in Redstone Arsenal, Alabama (Huntsville postal address), is the U.S. government's civilian rocketry and spacecraft propulsion research center. As the largest NASA center, MSFC's first mission was developing the Saturn launch vehicles for the Apollo program. Marshall has been the lead center for the Space Shuttle main propulsion and external tank; payloads and related crew training; International Space Station (ISS) design and assembly; computers, networks, and information management; and the Space Launch System (SLS). Located on the Redstone Arsenal near Huntsville, MSFC is named in honor of General of the Army George C. Marshall.The center contains the Huntsville Operations Support Center (HOSC), also known as the International Space Station Payload Operations Center. This facility supports ISS launch, payload, and experiment activities at the Kennedy Space Center. The HOSC also monitors rocket launches from Cape Canaveral Space Force Station when a Marshall Center payload is on board.
<Good_Machine>	Good Machine Productions was an American independent film production, film distribution, and foreign sales company started in the early 1990 by its co-founders and producers, Ted Hope and James Schamus. David Linde joined as a partner in the late 1990s and also started the international sales company Good Machine International. They sold the company to Universal Pictures, where it was then merged with USA Films and Universal Focus to create Focus Features. Hope, along with the heads of production development and business affairs (Anthony Bregman, Anne Carey, and Diana Victor) then went on to form the independent production company This Is That Productions. Schamus and Linde became co-presidents of Focus Features.In 2001, the Museum of Modern Art celebrated the tenth anniversary of Good Machine's work, commemorating their support of international and domestic filmmakers.Good Machine was involved in production and/or distribution of a number of films, including Ang Lee's The Ice Storm and Ride with the Devil; Hal Hartley projects such as Flirt (1995), Edward Burns's The Brothers McMullen and Todd Solondz's Happiness.
<Clarke_Medal>	The Clarke Medal is awarded by the Royal Society of New South Wales, the oldest learned society in Australia and the Southern Hemisphere, for distinguished work in the Natural sciences.The medal is named in honour of the Reverend William Branwhite Clarke, one of the founders of the Society and was to be "awarded for meritorious contributions to Geology, Mineralogy and Natural History of Australasia, to be open to men of science, whether resident in Australasia or elsewhere".
<Heidi_Lenhart>	Heidi Lenhart is an American actress best known for her lead role in the Au Pair film series and the sitcom California Dreams.She is the daughter of Cheryl Saban and Ray Lenhart, a disc jockey. She has an older sister, Tifanie, who is a voice actress. Neither she nor her sister have a relationship with their birth father. Through her mother's marriage to billionaire Haim Saban, she has a half-brother and a half-sister: Ness and Tanya.She starred as Jenny Garrison in the NBC teen comedy series California Dreams during its first season (1992–93) . Lenhart later went to star in the syndicated television drama Fame L.A. from 1997 to 1998, and had a recurring role in the final season of Fox prime time soap opera Beverly Hills, 90210 (2000).
<Morena_Baccarin>	Morena Silva de Vaz Setta Baccarin (Portuguese: [moˈɾenɐ bakaˈɾĩ]; born 2 June 1979) is a Brazilian actress known for portraying Inara Serra in the sci-fi series Firefly and its follow-up film Serenity, Vanessa in the superhero comedy franchise Deadpool, Jessica Brody in the Showtime series Homeland, Dr. Leslie "Lee" Thompkins in the Fox series Gotham, and Elena Federova in the NBC series The Endgame. For Homeland, she received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 2013.Baccarin was born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, the daughter of actress Vera Setta and Fernando Baccarin, a journalist. She is of Italian, Portuguese and Lebanese descent. Morena's debut as an actress was at the age of six for a TV special directed by her grand-uncle, who is a theatre director in Brazil. When she was seven, she moved with her family to Greenwich Village, New York, as her father was transferred to work as an editor at Globo TV's headquarters.
<Tipper_Gore>	Mary Elizabeth "Tipper" Gore (née Aitcheson; born August 19, 1948) is an American social issues advocate, activist,  photographer and author who was the second lady of the United States from 1993 to 2001. She was married to Al Gore, the 45th vice president of the United States, although they separated in 2010.In 1985, Gore co-founded the Parents Music Resource Center (PMRC), which advocated for labeling of record covers of releases featuring profane language, especially in the heavy metal, punk, and hip hop genres of music. Throughout her decades of public life, she has advocated for placing advisory labels on music (leading critics to call her a censor), mental health awareness, women's causes, children's causes, LGBT rights, and reducing homelessness.
<Big_Ant_Studios>	Big Ant Studios Pty Ltd is an Australian video game developer based in Melbourne. Founded in 2001 by chief executive officer Ross Symons, the company specialises in the development of sports games. Big Ant's games include Cricket 19, Rugby League Live 4, AFL Live, and Don Bradman Cricket 14.The studio was founded in 2001 and was originally named Bull Ant Studios, but renamed as "it was getting mispronounced all around the world because they don’t have bull ants", according to Ross Symons. The studio initially worked primarily as a "studio for hire" with publishers such as THQ and Konami before moving towards sports games. Symons has explained this move on the basis that "Sport is renewable. There’s always a sequel. There’s always another season”.
<Emil_Wiesel>	Commander of Order of Leopold II, Brussels, 1910Emíl Wíesel (1 March 1866, Saint-Petersburg – 2 May 1943, Leningrad) – a painter, museum curator and a board member of the Imperial Academy of Arts, Russia (since 1914), organizer of international art exhibitions, councilor of Hermitage and Russian museum and Legion of Honor holder. During soviet times he was an expert in Russian and Western fine arts and sculpture in the Glavnauka (central administrative board of science, science-artistic and museum institutions) museum department.Emil Oskarovich Wiesel (Wiesel Emil Anton Joseph) – baron, the son of Acting State Councilor (rank in civil service in pre-1917 Russia), descended from the German-Austrian Wiesel family.
<Ox-Cart_Man>	Ox-Cart Man is a 1979 children's book written by Donald Hall and illustrated by Barbara Cooney. It won the 1980 Caldecott Medal. The book tells of the life and work of an early 19th-century farming family in New Hampshire. The father uses an ox-cart to take their goods to market in Portsmouth, where they make the money to buy the things they need for the next year. Even the ox and cart are sold.Hall originally published "Ox-Cart Man" as a poem in the October 17, 1977 issue of The New Yorker. Hall revised the poem greatly to create the children's book and chose Barbara Cooney for its illustrations. Cooney had already illustrated another Caldecott Medal-winning book, Chanticleer and the Fox. Both the earlier version of the poem and the book are cyclical in narrative and theme.This book was featured on a Season 2 episode of Reading Rainbow.
<Pennsylvania_State_University>	The Pennsylvania State University (Penn State or PSU) is a public state-related land-grant research university with campuses and facilities throughout Pennsylvania. Founded in 1855 as the Farmers' High School of Pennsylvania, Penn State became the state's only land-grant university in 1863. Today, Penn State is a major research university which conducts teaching, research, and public service. Its instructional mission includes undergraduate, graduate, professional and continuing education offered through resident instruction and online delivery. The University Park campus has been labeled one of the "Public Ivies", a publicly funded university considered as providing a quality of education comparable to those of the Ivy League.In addition to its land-grant designation, it also participates in the sea-grant, space-grant, and sun-grant research consortia; it is one of only four such universities (along with Cornell University, Oregon State University, and University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa). Its University Park campus, which is the largest and serves as the administrative hub, lies within the Borough of State College and College Township. It has two law schools: Penn State Law, on the school's University Park campus, and Dickinson Law, in Carlisle. The College of Medicine is in Hershey. Penn State is one university that is geographically distributed throughout Pennsylvania. There are 19 commonwealth campuses and 5 special mission campuses located across the state.
<Rudolph_Krejci>	Rudolph Krejci (Czech: Rudolf Václav Krejčí; 4 March 1929 - 9 December 2018) was a Czechoslovak-American philosopher and professor, who was the founder of the Philosophy and Humanities Programs at the University of Alaska Fairbanks, and founder and first dean of the university's College of Arts and Sciences in 1975. In 1997, after 37 years at the university, Krejci became Professor Emeritus of Philosophy and Humanities.Rudy Krejci was born in Hrušky, Moravia (then Czechoslovakia) in 1929. His father, a railwayman, was a Czechoslovak who received his basic education solely in German. His mother was a Moravian-Slovak with Czech education.Krejci studied at high school in Kroměříž and Brno, where he was introduced to philosophy by professor Antonín Kříž, who translated Aristotle's work into the Czech language. His studies were terminated on May 1, 1949, due to his membership of an anticommunist dissident student group. Krejčí had to go into hiding in a secret room of his father's apartment, where he stayed for five years. In May 1954, with the help of his father, he escaped Czechoslovakia hiding in a coffin under a coal wagon covered with vinegar and mustard, and made it to Vienna, Austria. From 1954 to 1959 Krejčí studied at the University of Innsbruck, Austria, majoring in philosophy, psychology, Russian history and literature. In 1959 he became a Doctor of Philosophy.
<Paul_Gascoigne>	Paul John Gascoigne (/ˈɡæskɔɪn/, born 27 May 1967), nicknamed Gazza, is an English former professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder. He is described by the National Football Museum as "widely recognised as the most naturally talented English footballer of his generation".Born and raised in Gateshead, Gascoigne signed schoolboy terms with Newcastle United, before turning professional with the club in 1984. Three years later, he was sold to Tottenham Hotspur for £2.2 million. He won the FA Cup with Spurs in 1991, before being sold to Italian club Lazio for £5.5 million. In 1995, he was transferred to Rangers for £4.3 million and helped the club to two league titles, a Scottish Cup and a Scottish League Cup. He returned to England in a £3.4 million move to Middlesbrough in 1998. He made his debut in the Premier League in the 1998–99 season, having already featured in the 1998 Football League Cup Final. He switched to Everton in 2000, and later had spells with Burnley, Gansu Tianma and Boston United.
<Dale_Ishimoto>	Dale Ishimoto (April 3, 1923 – March 4, 2004) was an American actor of Japanese descent. He was born in Delta, Colorado in 1923 and was raised in Guadalupe, California.After being sent to the Gila River internment camp in Arizona, Ishimoto volunteered to fight in World War II, joining the 442nd Regimental Combat Team.  After two years, he was awarded a Purple Heart and given a medical discharge.After starting a business in Chicago, he moved back to California, where he grew up, and started his acting career by acting at the Altadena Playhouse. He became a "familiar figure" for playing "villainous Japanese soldiers".
<Juan_Pan_Guerrero>	Juan "Pan" Tenorio Guerrero (born December 10, 1949) is a Northern Mariana Islands politician and businessman. He has been a member of the Democratic Party of the Northern Mariana Islands in the past, and ran for Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands in 2009 as an independent, with Representative Joe Camacho as his running mate.Juan Pan Guerrero was born on December 10, 1949, at the United States Naval Hospital, in Maturana Hill, Saipan. He was the sixth of the twelve children of parents, Herman Reyes Guerrero and Maria Camacho Tenorio.
<Bulgarian_Communist_Party>	The Bulgarian Communist Party (BCP; Bulgarian: Българска Комунистическа Партия (БКП), romanized: Balgarska komunisticheska partiya (BKP)) was the founding and ruling party of the People's Republic of Bulgaria from 1946 until 1989, when the country ceased to be a socialist state. The party had dominated the Fatherland Front, a coalition that took power in 1944, late in World War II, after it led a coup against Bulgaria's tsarist regime in conjunction with the Red Army's crossing the border. It controlled its armed forces, the Bulgarian People's Army.The BCP was organized on the basis of democratic centralism, a principle introduced by the Russian Marxist scholar and leader Vladimir Lenin, which entails democratic and open discussion on policy on the condition of unity in upholding the agreed upon policies. The highest body of the BCP was the Party Congress, convened every fifth year. When the Party Congress was not in session, the Central Committee was the highest body, but since the body normally met only once a year, most duties and responsibilities were vested in the Politburo and its Standing Committee. The party's leader held the offices of General Secretary.
<The_Strange_World_of_Mr._Mum>	The Strange World of Mr. Mum was a surreal humor comic panel by Irving Phillips which was published from May 5, 1958, to 1974. At its peak, it appeared daily in 180 newspapers in 22 countries. Initially distributed by the Hall Syndicate, it was later handled by the Field Newspaper Syndicate. A Sunday edition began October 4, 1959.Mr. Mum is a portly, bald and bespectacled character, who — as his name suggests — remains mum as he observes various odd, surprising or even surreal scenes. He is sometimes accompanied by his similarly silent dog. Mum is described as a "bystander on life's outer limits," and the feature's "anything-can-happen" humor paved the way for later titles like Herman, The Far Side, Bizarro and Rhymes With Orange.Because it was a pantomime cartoon, its humor translated well internationally. Dutch comics historian Ger Apeldoorn noted that Mr. Mum was "one of the weirdest of the silent strips (excluding the Dutch masterpiece from the same period, Professor Pi by Bob van der Born). . . . Mr. Mum is a curious man in a weird world, who never gets involved but only observes with ever growing amazement."
<Richard_Branson>	Sir Richard Charles Nicholas Branson (born 18 July 1950) is a British billionaire, entrepreneur, and business magnate. In the 1970s he founded the Virgin Group, which today controls more than 400 companies in various fields.Branson expressed his desire to become an entrepreneur at a young age. His first business venture, at the age of 16, was a magazine called Student. In 1970, he set up a mail-order record business. He opened a chain of record stores, Virgin Records—later known as Virgin Megastores—in 1972. Branson's Virgin brand grew rapidly during the 1980s, as he started Virgin Atlantic airline and expanded the Virgin Records music label. In 1997, Branson founded the Virgin Rail Group to bid for passenger rail franchises during the privatisation of British Rail. The Virgin Trains brand operated the InterCity West Coast franchise from 1997 to 2019, the InterCity CrossCountry franchise from 1997 to 2007, and the InterCity East Coast franchise from 2015 to 2018. In 2004, he founded spaceflight corporation Virgin Galactic, based at Mojave Air and Space Port in California, noted for the SpaceShipTwo suborbital spaceplane designed for space tourism.
<Lee_Weaver>	Lee Weaver (born April 10, 1930) is an American film and television actor.Weaver was born in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, the son of Josephine and Primus Jest Weaver, a chef.[citation needed]Weaver was the voice of Alpine in the animated television series G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero (1985–1986). Weaver played friend of George Jefferson on "The Jeffersons" season three episode 16 "George's Guilt" (1977). Weaver was also the original mailman on 227 (1985). Weaver played the role of Ricardo in the television series Easy Street (1986–1987). He appeared as a blind seer in the film O Brother, Where Art Thou? (2000) and he also appeared in one episode of One World (2000), a situation-comedy television series. Weaver had a guest appearance on an episode of The Cosby Show as a waiter. He appeared as a Junkyard Owner in an episode of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.
<James_Samuel_Denton>	James Samuel Denton, DSO (11 December 1875 – 3 June 1963) was an Australian Army officer and politician. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Order for his actions in the landing at Gallipoli, and later reached the rank of lieutenant colonel. He farmed at Moora, Western Australia, after the war's end, and was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1921 to 1927, representing the seat of Moore.Denton was born in Port Adelaide, South Australia, to Margaret (née Smith) and Cincinnatus Denton. He was educated in Melbourne, and came to Western Australia in 1896, initially working as a clerk with Western Australian Government Railways. Denton enlisted in the Metropolitan Rifle Volunteers (part of Western Australia's colonial forces) in November 1899, as a second lieutenant. He was promoted lieutenant in 1902 and captain in 1907, by which time his unit had become the 11th Australian Infantry Regiment of the Australian Army. Denton transferred to the 88th (Perth) Infantry Regiment in 1912, which was part of the Citizens Forces rather than the regular army. However, on the outbreak of the First World War he enlisted in the Australian Imperial Force, commanding a company of the 11th Battalion and receiving a corresponding promotion to major in January 1915.
<University_of_Warwick>	The University of Warwick (/ˈwɒrɪk/ WORR-ik; abbreviated as Warw. in post-nominal letters) is a public research university on the outskirts of Coventry between the West Midlands and Warwickshire, England. The university was founded in 1965 as part of a government initiative to expand higher education. The Warwick Business School was established in 1967, the Warwick Law School in 1968, Warwick Manufacturing Group (WMG) in 1980, and Warwick Medical School in 2000. Warwick incorporated Coventry College of Education in 1979 and Horticulture Research International in 2004.Warwick is primarily based on a 290 hectares (720 acres) campus on the outskirts of Coventry, with a satellite campus in Wellesbourne and a central London base at the Shard. It is organised into three faculties—Arts, Science Engineering and Medicine, and Social Sciences—within which there are 32 departments. As of 2021, Warwick has around 29,534 full-time students and 2,691 academic and research staff. It had a consolidated income of £703.7 million in 2020/21, of which £139.8 million was from research grants and contracts. Warwick Arts Centre is a multi-venue arts complex in the university's main campus and is the largest venue of its kind in the UK, which is not in London.
<FC_Kryvbas_Kryvyi_Rih>	Football Club Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih (Ukrainian: Футбольний Клуб Кривбас Кривий Ріг) was a professional Ukrainian football club based in Kryvyi Rih.Until 2013 the club participated in professional competitions. In June 2013 the club went bankrupt and was expelled from the Ukrainian Premier League. There was a failed attempt to revive the club in 2014, until finally the club was reestablished again in 2015. In 2020, the club merged with Hirnyk Kryvyi Rih which took on the Kryvbas's brand.
<The_Five_Heartbeats>	The Five Heartbeats is a 1991 musical drama film directed by Robert Townsend, who co-wrote the script with Keenen Ivory Wayans. Produced and distributed by 20th Century Fox, the film's main cast includes Townsend, Michael Wright, Leon Robinson, Harry J. Lennix, Tico Wells, Harold Nicholas, and Diahann Carroll. The plot of the film (which is loosely based on the lives of several artists: The Dells, The Temptations, Four Tops, Wilson Pickett, James Brown, Frankie Lymon, Sam Cooke and others) follows the three decade career of the rhythm and blues vocal group The Five Heartbeats. The film depicts the rise and fall of a Motown inspired soul act through the eyes of one of the Heartbeats, Donald "Duck" Matthews.The film was released to most North American audiences on March 29, 1991; however, it was not made available to audiences in other continents until 2002 when a DVD was released. Another DVD was released in 2006 for the film's 15th anniversary. The movie received mixed reviews from critics.Five boys - Donald "Duck" Matthews, Anthony "Choirboy" Stone, J.T. Matthews, Terrence "Dresser" Williams, and Eddie King, Jr. - perform at a Battle of the Bands contest as The Heartbeats. The group loses to Flash and the Ebony Sparks, but pleases the crowd and is noticed by Jimmy Potter. Jimmy offers to manage the group, promising them $100 if they do not win the next month's Battle of the Bands contest. After they lose again, Jimmy pays them. When the owner of the club asks to hire them, they agree to let Jimmy manage them.
<Richard_Upjohn>	Richard Upjohn (22 January 1802 – 16 August 1878) was a British-born American architect who emigrated to the United States and became most famous for his Gothic Revival churches. He was partially responsible for launching the movement to such popularity in the United States. Upjohn also did extensive work in and helped to popularize the Italianate style. He was a founder and the first president of the American Institute of Architects. His son, Richard Michell Upjohn, (1828-1903), was also a well-known architect and served as a partner in his continued architectural firm in New York.Richard Upjohn was born in Shaftesbury, England, where he was apprenticed to a builder and cabinet-maker. He eventually became a master-mechanic. He and his family emigrated to the United States in 1829. They initially settled in New Bedford, Massachusetts and then moved on to Boston in 1833, where he worked in architectural design. He became a naturalized citizen of the United States in 1836. His first major project was for the entrances to the Boston Common, the town's central park and his first church would be St. John's Episcopal Church in Bangor, Maine. He had relocated to New York City by 1839 where he worked on alterations to the famed Trinity Church on Wall Street in lower Manhattan. The alterations were later abandoned and he was commissioned to design a new church, completed in 1846, and still extant today. He published his extremely influential book, "Upjohn's rural architecture: Designs, working drawings and specifications for a wooden church, and other rural structures", in 1852. The designs in this publication were widely used across the country by builders, with many examples remaining.Upjohn, along with 13 other architects, co-founded the American Institute of Architects on February 23, 1857. He served as president of that organization from 1857 to 1876, being succeeded by Thomas Ustick Walter, fourth Architect of the Capitol. He went on the design many buildings in a variety of styles. He died at his home in Garrison, New York in 1878. Architectural drawings and papers by Upjohn and other family members are held by the Drawings and Archives Department of the  Avery Architectural and Fine Arts Library at Columbia University, in New York City, also by the New York Public Library's Humanities and Social Sciences Library, in the Manuscripts and Archives division, and by the Library of Congress,  Prints & Photographs Division on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C.
<Joaquín_Moso>	Joaquín Andrés Moso Hernández (born 7 September 1978) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.Born in Zaragoza, Aragon, Moso spent several seasons with local Real Zaragoza, but was almost exclusively associated with the reserves during his seven-year spell, training occasionally with the first team. His professional input consisted of 93 Segunda División games with Gimnàstic de Tarragona, SD Eibar, Pontevedra CF and Hércules CF, being relegated with the first and the third clubs; in 2003–04 he was part of Albacete Balompié's La Liga squad, but appeared in no competitive matches.After suffering relegation from Segunda División B with CD Sariñena at the end of the 2013–14 campaign, 36-year-old Moso signed with amateurs CD Caspe, also in his native region.
<Robert_McNamara>	Robert Strange McNamara (/ˈmæknəmærə/; June 9, 1916 – July 6, 2009) was an American business executive and the eighth United States Secretary of Defense, serving from 1961 to 1968 under Presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon B. Johnson. He remains the longest serving Secretary of Defense, having remained in office over seven years. He played a major role in promoting the United States' involvement in the Vietnam War. McNamara was responsible for the institution of systems analysis in public policy, which developed into the discipline known today as policy analysis.He was born in San Francisco, California, graduated from UC Berkeley and Harvard Business School and served in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II. After the war, Henry Ford II hired McNamara and a group of other Army Air Force veterans to work for Ford Motor Company. These "Whiz Kids" helped reform Ford with modern planning, organization, and management control systems. After briefly serving as Ford's president, McNamara accepted appointment as Secretary of Defense.
<Kildare_Cathedral>	The Cathedral Church of St. Brigid, Kildare, in Kildare, County Kildare, is one of two cathedrals in the United Dioceses of Meath and Kildare of the Church of Ireland in Ireland. It is in the ecclesiastical province of Dublin.It is said that in the year 480 (35 years after Saint Patrick settled in Armagh) Saint Brigid arrived in Kildare with her nuns. Her original abbey church may have been a simple wooden building. Soon after her death in 523 A.D., a costly shrine was erected in her honour in a new and larger building. For many centuries Kildare maintained a unique Irish experiment; the Abbess ruled over a double community of women and men, and the Bishop was subordinate in jurisdiction to the abbess.[citation needed]
<China_International_Capital_Corporation>	China International Capital Corporation Limited (CICC; 中国国际金融股份有限公司) is a Chinese partially state-owned multinational investment management and financial services company. Founded in China in 1995, CICC provides investment banking, securities and investment management services to corporations, institutions and individuals worldwide.As the first international joint-venture investment bank in China, CICC provides domestic, overseas, and cross-border financial services including investment banking, equities, FICC, asset management, private equity investment, wealth management and research.[citation needed]Headquartered in Beijing, CICC has over 200 branches in Mainland China and offices in Hong Kong, Singapore, New York City, London, San Francisco, Frankfurt and Tokyo.
<Arcade_(comics_magazine)>	Arcade: The Comics Revue is a magazine-sized comics anthology created and edited by cartoonists Art Spiegelman and Bill Griffith to showcase underground comix. Published quarterly by the Print Mint, it ran for seven issues between 1975 and 1976. Arriving late in the underground era, Arcade "was conceived as a 'comics magazine for adults' that would showcase the 'best of the old and the best of the new comics.'" Many observers credit it with paving the way for the Spiegelman-edited anthology Raw, the flagship publication of the 1980s alternative comics movement.Well-known creators who contributed to the anthology include R. Crumb, Kim Deitch, Jay Kinney, Aline Kominsky, Jay Lynch, Spain Rodriguez, Gilbert Shelton and S. Clay Wilson.By the mid-1970s, the underground comix movement was encountering a slowdown, and Spiegelman and Griffith conceived of Arcade as a "safe berth." It stood out from similar publications by having an ambitious editorial plan, in which Spiegelman and Griffith attempted to show how comics connected to the broader realms of artistic and literary culture. Arcade also introduced comic strips from ages past, as well as contemporary literary pieces by writers such as William S. Burroughs and Charles Bukowski, and illustrated nonfiction pieces by writers like Paul Krassner and J. Hoberman.
<Percy_Abbott_(Australian_politician)>	Percy Phipps Abbott, CMG, VD (14 May 1869 – 9 September 1940) was an Australian soldier, politician and solicitor.Born in Hobart, Tasmania, to John William Abbott and Mary Ann, née Phipps, he was educated at The Hutchins School in Hobart and in 1889 was sent to Sydney as an assistant to a solicitor called Thomas Creswell. He was admitted to the practice in 1894. He was an active man and participated in rowing and cricket, and also enrolled as a special constable during the wharf labourers' strike of 1891.
<Tose_(company)>	Tose Co., Ltd. (TYO: 4728) (also called Tose Software) is a Japanese video game development company based in Kyoto. It is mostly known for developing Nintendo's Game & Watch Gallery series, various Dragon Ball games, as well as other Nintendo products. Tose has developed or co-developed over 1,000 games since the company's inception in 1979, but is virtually never credited in the games themselves (an exception to this is Game & Watch Gallery 4 and The Legendary Starfy series, as Tose shares the copyright with Nintendo). "We're always behind the scenes," said Masa Agarida, Vice President of Tose's U.S. division. "Our policy is not to have a vision. Instead, we follow our customer's visions. Most of the time we refuse to put our name on the games, not even staff names." As such, Tose has gained a reputation for being a "ghost developer."In November 1979, Tose was established in Higashiyama-ku, Kyoto as an independent entity from Toa Seiko Co. Ltd. In April 1984, the company began developing video games and, a year later, educational software. Tose's head office was moved to Otokuni-gun, Kyoto Prefecture in May 1986. Software development began in April 1987. In July 1988, a new head office in Yamazaki, Kyoto was completed. Starting in May 1990, Tose began developing software for Game Boy and Super Famicom (Super NES).In August 1999, Tose was listed on the Osaka Securities Exchange 2nd Section and Kyoto Stock Exchange. In October of that year, the Kyoto Head office was opened at Shijo-Karasuma, which integrated the business of head office functions and the Karasuma CG Center. On 27 September 2000, Tose was listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange 2nd Section. In August 2001, it was listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange 1st Section and Osaka Securities Exchange 1st Section.
<Laurette_Spang-McCook>	Laurette Spang-McCook (born May 16, 1951), credited as Laurette Spang, is an American television actress. She is best known for playing the character Cassiopeia on the original Battlestar Galactica (1978).Spang was born in Buffalo, New York, and raised in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Speech courses during her high school years sparked her interest in acting. During her youth, she was an active letter-writer, penning letters to actors. She was also a huge fan of the gothic soap opera, Dark Shadows and of the television Western, Bonanza. She is related to Bollywood producer-actor Stegath Dorr.At age 16, she accompanied her father on a business trip to New York City, where she waited at the stage door of Dark Shadows. The stage guard allowed her to walk in, leading her to actress Kathryn Leigh Scott. After their meeting, Spang would answer Scott's fan mail through high-school.
<Peter_Murray-Hill>	Peter Auriol Murray Hill (20 April 1908 – 25 November 1957) was an English actor, and publisher  He was married to the actress Phyllis Calvert from 1941 until his death.Murray Hill's first prominent acting role was in 1938's Jane Steps Out. Also in 1938, Murray Hill was cast in the lead role in Mr. Reeder in Room 13. He was cast in the secondary male lead in The Outsider in 1939, alongside George Sanders and Mary Maguire.
<Beenox>	Beenox Inc. is a Canadian video game developer established in 2000 in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada. The studio became a wholly owned subsidiary of Activision on May 25, 2005.Between 2003 and 2006, the developer was essentially a porting house. They completed approximately 30 projects for Microsoft Windows and Macintosh operating systems, based on popular franchises such as X-Men, Spider-Man and Shrek.
<The_Passion_(Netherlands)>	The Passion is a Dutch passion play, held every Maundy Thursday since 2011 in a different city each year. The event is broadcast live on Dutch television. In 2015 and 2018, it was broadcast on radio as well.The event began as a collaboration between the broadcasters EO and RKK. At present, it is mainly a joint effort between the broadcasters EO and KRO-NCRV.
<Edward_Norris>	Septimus Edward Norris (March 10, 1911 – December 18, 2002) was an American film actor.Norris was born in 1911, the son of a prominent Philadelphia gynecologist, who was described in a newspaper article as "a famous surgeon and chief of staff at the city's largest hospital." He grew up in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. At age 16, he dropped out of the Culver Military Academy to marry a socially prominent physician's daughter, Virginia Bell Hiller, and took a job as a reporter.
<Kenan_Doğulu>	Kenan Doğulu (Turkish pronunciation: [ceˈnan doːuˈɫu]; born 31 May 1974) is a Turkish pop musician. He represented Turkey at the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 in Helsinki, where he was placed fourth, with 163 points. In the summer of 2006, Doğulu released the album Festival, containing the hit single "Çakkıdı", in collaboration with Sezen Aksu.His father is musician Yurdaer Doğulu. His brother is  musician Ozan Doğulu. His sister, Canan Doğulu, is a fashion designer. He stated in an interview that "My grandfather is from Antep. My father is from Adanalı. "Doğulu" surname probably came from Israel. In the past, Everyone who came from east is called "Doğulu". My name "Kenan" means Canaan country."  
<Castle_of_Shikigami_III>	Castle of Shikigami III (Shikigami no Shiro episode-3 or 式神の城 III in Japan) is a bullet hell released in Japan in video arcades in 2005, the Windows platform in 2006 and for the Xbox 360 and Wii in 2007. It is the fourth game in the Shikigami no Shiro series, following two shooters and a spin-off adventure game. The game was published in North America, for the Wii by Aksys Games with only an English voice dub. It was released on May 13, 2008.The game plays much like its shooter predecessors. As before, there are five levels each in two parts, with a boss at the end of each part. Before major bosses and between levels there are cutscenes with dialogue featuring the character(s) in play. The dialogue is unique for each different pair of characters selected, resulting in, according to the publisher, 55 different scenarios.Each character has a primary standard attack, which is generally forward-shooting bullets. This is activated by tapping the fire button or by pressing auto-fire button. The secondary attack is known as a shikigami, activated by holding the fire button, or pressing a dedicated button on consoles. This attack is often more powerful, but slows or stops the character completely. Each character's shikigami is unique and also comes in two variants that are chosen at the start of the game. Finally, characters have a limited supply of bombs, their effects also unique to each character.
<Karl_August_Ferdinand_von_Borcke>	Karl August Ferdinand von Borcke (18 February 1776 – 15 December 1830) was a Prussian general and the first recipient of the Iron Cross.Borcke was born in Stargard, Province of Pomerania, Kingdom of Prussia (today Poland) to Ernst Gottlieb Kurt von Borcke (1757–1816) and Anna Margarethe née Greinert (1750–1804). He attended school at Stargard and joined the Prussian Army in 1789 as an officer's cadet. Borcke took part in Napoleon's Russian campaign as a member of the Prussian contingent allied to Napoleon. After Prussia changed sides in 1813 he fought in the battles of Katzbach and Leipzig.He received the Iron Cross II class for his deployment in a battle at Lüneburg on 21 April 1813, the first to be honored after its foundation by King Frederick William III of Prussia on 10 March 1813. Borcke commanded the Prussian 9th Infantry Brigade of the Third Corps during the Hundred Days Campaign against Napoleon and fought in the battle of Ligny and was then the commander of the Fortress of Luxembourg in 1815.Borcke was married to Ernestine Johanna Christiane née von Broesigke (1764–1836) since 1806, they had no children. He died in a hunting accident at his hometown.
<Raining_Stones>	Raining Stones is a 1993 film directed by Ken Loach and starring Bruce Jones, Julie Brown, Ricky Tomlinson, Tom Hickey and Gemma Phoenix. It tells the story of a man who cannot afford to buy his daughter a First Communion dress, and makes disastrous choices in trying to raise the money. The film won the Jury Prize at the 1993 Cannes Film Festival.England is in the midst of a depression with crushing unemployment. Bob and his best friend Tommy engage in all manner of schemes to make money, including stealing sheep to sell to local butchers, tearing up sod from government buildings to re-sell, and cleaning out bathroom pipes. Bob's wife Anne tries to help, but doesn't have marketable skills (having been let go from a seamstress factory for not knowing how to sew). Despite their best efforts, they are unable to make any job stick or get ahead of their debt. Despite their tenuous financial condition, Bob plans to buy a brand new outfit for his daughter Coleen's First Communion, even though doing so is prohibitively costly.
<Line_Corporation>	Line Corporation is a Tokyo-based subsidiary of Z Holdings, which is jointly owned by Softbank Group and Naver Corporation. The company's business is mainly associated with the development of mobile applications and Internet services, particularly the Line communication app.Line Corporation was founded on September 4, 2000, as Hangame Japan as a part of Hangame, a South Korean game company owned by NHN at the time. In August 2003, the company was renamed to NHN Japan.In 2007 Naver established another Japanese subsidiary Naver Japan, which managed the Naver search engine in Japan before its demise. Naver Japan acquire Livedoor in 2010.
<Joji_Nagashima>	Joji Nagashima (born 1955; 永島譲二) is an automobile designer for BMW.  Nagashima was born in Tokyo and educated in Japan. He is best known for the exterior designs of the E90 versions of the BMW 3 Series, the E39 version of the BMW 5 Series, and the Z3 Roadster.  He has been granted 22 patents in car design (as of Nov. 2007).This biographical article about a designer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.This Japanese artist–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Jorge_Perona>	Jorge Perona García (born 1 April 1982 in Enguera, Valencian Community) is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a forward.Spain U16
<Hughes_Medal>	The Hughes Medal is awarded by the Royal Society of London "in recognition of an original discovery in the physical sciences, particularly electricity and magnetism or their applications". Named after David E. Hughes, the medal is awarded with a gift of £1000. The medal was first awarded in 1902 to J. J. Thomson "for his numerous contributions to electric science, especially in reference to the phenomena of electric discharge in gases", and has since been awarded over one-hundred times.  Unlike other Royal Society medals, the Hughes Medal has never been awarded to the same individual more than once.The medal has on occasion been awarded to multiple people at a time; in 1938 it was won by John Cockcroft and Ernest Walton "for their discovery that nuclei could be disintegrated by artificially produced bombarding particles", in 1981 by Peter Higgs and Tom Kibble "for their international contributions about the spontaneous breaking of fundamental symmetries in elementary-particle theory", in 1982 by Drummond Matthews and Frederick Vine "for their elucidation of the magnetic properties of the ocean floors which subsequently led to the plate tectonic hypothesis" and in 1988 by Archibald Howie and M. J. Whelan "for their contributions to the theory of electron diffraction and microscopy, and its application to the study of lattice defects in crystals".
<Croatia_national_under-19_football_team>	The Croatia national under-19 football team represents Croatia in international football at this age level and is controlled by the Croatian Football Federation, the governing body for football in Croatia.Prior to 1990 Croatian players played for the Yugoslavia Under-18 team. Although the Croatian team was formed in the early 1990s after the breakup of Yugoslavia, the Under-18 team had to wait for UEFA to officially accept Croatian Football Federation's membership bid in order to be included in UEFA-governed competitions. Croatia's membership was accepted in June 1993 and the first continental competition Croatia under-18 team took part in was the qualification for 1994 European Under-18 Championship. In 2001 UEFA changed the player eligibility dates and from 2002 onwards the continental championship is known as UEFA European Under-19 Championship. The tournament is held every year and serves as the qualifying tournament for FIFA U-20 World Cup which is held every two years.
<Italy>	Coordinates: 43°N 12°E﻿ / ﻿43°N 12°E﻿ / 43; 12– in Europe (light green & dark grey)– in the European Union (light green)  –  [Legend]Italy (Italian: Italia [iˈtaːlja] (listen)), officially the Italian Republic (Italian: Repubblica Italiana [reˈpubblika itaˈljaːna]) or the Republic of Italy, is a country located in the middle of the Mediterranean Sea, in Southern Europe; its territory largely coincides with the homonymous geographical region. Italy is also considered part of Western Europe. A unitary parliamentary republic with Rome as its capital and largest city, the country covers a total area of 301,230 km2 (116,310 sq mi) and shares land borders with France, Switzerland, Austria, Slovenia and the enclaved microstates of Vatican City and San Marino. Italy has a territorial exclave in Switzerland, Campione. With over 60 million inhabitants, Italy is the third-most populous member state of the European Union.
<Abdüllatif_Şener>	Abdüllatif Şener (born 1954) is a Turkish politician. He was Minister of Finance of Turkey from 1996 to 1997 and Deputy Prime Minister from 2002 to 2007, under Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.Şener was born in Gürün, Sivas Province in Turkey. He graduated from the School of Political Sciences at Ankara University. He earned his PhD degree from Gazi University in Ankara. He lectured on finance at Gazi University and Hacettepe University, before he served as a controller in the Department of Revenues within the Ministry of Finance.
<Animation_Magic>	Animation Magic (Russian: «Магия анимации», romanized: Magiya Animatsii) was a Russian-American animation studio founded in Gaithersburg, Maryland in 1991, with offices later added in Cambridge, Massachusetts and a 100%-owned subsidiary in Saint Petersburg, Russia. The company developed animations for CD-based software. It was acquired in December 1994 by Capitol Multimedia.By 1994 Animation Magic had 90 employees, including 12 software engineers and approximately 60 animators, computer graphic, background and sprite artists. Its products included Link: The Faces of Evil, Zelda: The Wand of Gamelon, Mutant Rampage: Bodyslam, Pyramid Adventures, I.M. Meen, Chill Manor, Hotel Mario, King's Quest VII: The Princeless Bride, Darby the Dragon, and the cancelled Warcraft Adventures: Lord of the Clans.Circa 2006, games by Animation Magic were major source materials for YouTube Poops, specifically Link: The Faces of Evil, Zelda: The Wand of Gamelon, and I. M. Meen.
<Stuart_Lancaster_(actor)>	Stuart Gage Lancaster (November 30, 1920 – December 22, 2000) was an American actor known for roles in Russ Meyer films.Born in Evanston, Illinois, Lancaster's grandfather was circus owner Charles Ringling. He served as an aviator in the United States Navy in World War II. He moved to Los Angeles in 1962. Lancaster appeared in several Meyer films, including Mudhoney, Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!, Good Morning and... Goodbye!, Supervixens, and Beneath the Valley of the Ultra-Vixens. He also had a recurring role on The Young and the Restless and a part in Edward Scissorhands.  He was sometimes credited as Stewart Lancaster or Stud Lancaster.  
<Southampton_F.C.>	Southampton Football Club (/saʊθˈ(h)æmptən/ (listen)) is an English professional football club based in Southampton, Hampshire, which competes in the Premier League. Their home ground since 2001 has been St Mary's Stadium, before which they were based at The Dell. The club play in red and white shirts. They have been nicknamed "The Saints" because of the club's beginnings as a church football team at St Mary's Church. Southampton share a long-standing South Coast derby rivalry with Portsmouth, in part due to geographic proximity and both cities' respective maritime histories.Founded in 1885, the club joined the Southern League as Southampton St. Mary's in 1894, dropping the St. Mary's from their name three years later. Southampton won the Southern League on six occasions and were beaten FA Cup finalists in 1900 and 1902, before being invited to become founder members of the Football League Third Division in 1920. They won promotion as Third Division South champions in 1921–22, remaining in the Second Division for 31 years until they were relegated in 1953. Crowned Third Division champions under the stewardship of Ted Bates in 1959–60, they were promoted into the First Division at the end of the 1965–66 campaign. They played top-flight football for eight seasons, but won the FA Cup as a Second Division team in 1976 with a 1–0 victory over Manchester United. Manager Lawrie McMenemy then took the club back into the top-flight with promotion in 1977–78.
<Stevenage_F.C.>	Stevenage Football Club (known as Stevenage Borough Football Club until 2010) is a professional association football club based in the town of Stevenage, Hertfordshire, England. The team competes in League Two, the fourth tier of the English football league system. They play their home games at Broadhall Way in Stevenage.Founded in 1976 following the demise of the town's former club, they joined the United Counties League in 1980 and enjoyed success in the club's first year at senior status; winning the United Counties League Division One and the United Counties League Cup. Following three promotions in four seasons in the early 1990s, the club were promoted to the Conference National in 1994. Despite winning the league in the 1995–96 season, the club were denied promotion to the Football League due to insufficient ground facilities. Stevenage remained in the top tier of non-League for the following fourteen seasons, before the club earned promotion to the Football League after winning the Conference Premier in the 2009–10 season.
<Christopher_Hinton,_Baron_Hinton_of_Bankside>	Christopher Hinton, Baron Hinton of Bankside OM KBE FRS FREng (12 May 1901 – 22 June 1983) was a British nuclear engineer, and supervisor of the construction of Calder Hall, the world's first large-scale commercial nuclear power station.Hinton was born on 12 May 1901 at Tisbury, Wiltshire. He attended school in Chippenham where his father was a schoolmaster, and left school at 16 to become an engineering apprentice with the Great Western Railway at Swindon. At 22 he was awarded the William Henry Allen scholarship of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers to Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated with a first class honours degree.
<Amy_Irving>	Amy Davis Irving (born September 10, 1953) is an American actress and singer, who worked in film, stage, and television. Her accolades include an Obie Award, and nominations for two Golden Globe Awards and an Academy Award.Born in Palo Alto, California, to actors Jules Irving and Priscilla Pointer, Irving spent her early life in San Francisco before her family relocated to New York City during her teenage years. In New York, she made her Broadway debut in The Country Wife (1965–1966) at age 13. Irving subsequently studied theater at San Francisco's American Conservatory Theater and at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art before making her feature film debut in Brian De Palma's Carrie (1976), followed by a lead role in the 1978 supernatural thriller The Fury (1978).In 1980, Irving appeared in a Broadway production of Amadeus and the film Honeysuckle Rose (1980), receiving a Razzie Award for Worst Supporting Actress. She was cast in Barbra Steisand's musical epic Yentl (1983), for which she was nominated for both an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress and a Razzie Award for Worst Supporting Actress. In 1988, she received an Obie Award for her Off-Broadway performance in a production of The Road to Mecca, and was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for her performance in the comedy Crossing Delancey (1988).
<Charles_McDowall>	Charles McDowall (c. 1862 – 13 July 1916) was an Australian businessman and politician who was a Labor Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1908 until his death, representing the seat of Coolgardie.McDowall was born in Ballarat, Victoria, to Bridget (née Devine) and Charles McDowall. He and his parents moved to New Zealand when he was a small child, but after 18 years in New Zealand he returned to Australia in 1884, living in Melbourne. He worked as a real estate agent, and in 1891 served on the Nunawading Shire Council. McDowall came to Western Australia in 1896, settling in Coolgardie. He served on the Coolgardie Municipal Council from 1901 to 1904, and then as mayor from 1904 to 1906. He also briefly served as president of the state branch of the Australian Natives Association (ANA), with which he had been involved in Victoria.
<Thomas_Love_Peacock>	Thomas Love Peacock (18 October 1785 – 23 January 1866) was an English novelist, poet, and official of the East India Company. He was a close friend of Percy Bysshe Shelley and they influenced each other's work. Peacock wrote satirical novels, each with the same basic setting: characters at a table discussing and criticising the philosophical opinions of the day.Peacock was born in Weymouth, Dorset, the son of Samuel Peacock and his wife Sarah Love, daughter of Thomas Love, a retired master of a man-of-war in the Royal Navy. His father was a glass merchant in London, partner of a Mr Pellatt, presumed to be Apsley Pellatt (1763–1826). Peacock went with his mother to live with her family at Chertsey in 1791 and in 1792 went to a school run by Joseph Harris Wicks at Englefield Green where he stayed for six and a half years.
<Zheng_Geping>	Edmund Tay Kok Peng (born 27 May 1964), also known as Zheng Geping, is a Singaporean actor and executive producer managed under The Celebrity Agency. He works on the Chinese-language Channel 8.Zheng, a former chef and Taekwondo instructor, became a full-time actor in 1987 after completing SBC's 7th Professional Drama Performers' Training Course, and had been given mostly supporting roles. His hard work finally paid off at the Star Awards 2007 ceremony when he won the Best Actor award for his role in Like Father, Like Daughter. After his Best Actor win in 2007, Zheng's popularity rose when he won the Top 10 Most Popular Male Artistes from the years 2009-2013. He bared his body at the age of 47, putting most men to shame with his solid new six pack. Zheng Geping became the brand ambassador of hair consulting company in June 2013. In August 2013, Zheng released a book, Star Fitness, which chronicles his journey to health and fitness, and offers exercises and tips on how to get a great body.
<C.D._Santa_Clara>	Clube Desportivo Santa Clara is a Portuguese football club from Ponta Delgada, Azores. They play in the 13,277-seat Estádio de São Miguel. They are the most successful football team from the Azores Islands as the only team from the archipelago to compete in a UEFA competition, having qualified for the UEFA Intertoto Cup and the UEFA Europa Conference League.To date, Santa Clara is the only club from the Azores islands to have competed in the top division of the Portuguese Liga, being thus the westernmost top-flight club in Europe. They compete in the Primeira Liga, the Portuguese first division football league.  Santa Clara's kit manufacturer is Kelme and their main sponsor is Santander. Main rivals are CD Operário from Lagoa. Other major rivals are C.S. Marítimo and C.D. Nacional, from the island of Madeira.Santa Clara reached the Primeira Liga for the first time by coming third in the 1998–99 Liga de Honra, but were instantly relegated back in last place. The team bounced back by winning the 2000–01 Segunda Liga under Manuel Fernandes and later Carlos Manuel. Fernandes, who left for Sporting CP in January 2001, returned in October.
<Joe_Chen>	Joe Chen Chiao-en (Chinese: 陳喬恩; pinyin: Chén Qiáo'ēn; born 4 April 1979) is a Taiwanese actress, singer and television host.Known as the "Queen of Idol Dramas", Chen is known for her roles in The Prince Who Turns into a Frog (2005), Fated to Love You (2008) and The Queen of SOP (2012). She was nominated at the 43rd Golden Bell Awards for her role in Fated to Love You.
<L._M._Kit_Carson>	Lewis Minor Carson (August 12, 1941 – October 20, 2014) was an American actor, screenwriter, director and film producer.Carson first gained the notice of the film world when he starred in Jim McBride's mockumentary David Holzman's Diary in 1967 as the title character, a man so obsessed with filmmaking that he allows his obsession to take over his life and ruin his relationships. The two teamed up again in the early 1980s, sharing screenplay credits for the 1983 remake of Breathless; this starred Richard Gere, Valérie Kaprisky and, in a bit part, Carson's brother David Lee Carson as Mister Maurice. Kit Carson's break-out accomplishment was co-writing, with Sam Shepard, the screenplay for the 1984 film Paris, Texas, which featured his son Hunter Carson in his film debut. Kit Carson also penned the screenplay for the 1986 horror satire The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2.Carson had a son, actor Hunter Carson, with his former wife Karen Black, to whom he was married from 1975 until 1983. L. M. Kit Carson died in his sleep of pneumonia on October 20, 2014, in his native Dallas, Texas, aged 73.
<Lewis_A._McArthur>	Lewis Ankeny McArthur (April 27, 1883 – November 8, 1951), known as "Tam" McArthur, was an executive for Pacific Power and Light Company.  He was also the secretary for the Oregon Geographic Board for many years and the author of Oregon Geographic Names.  His book, now in its seventh edition, is a comprehensive source of information on the origins and history of Oregon place names.  It is a standard reference book in libraries throughout Oregon and the Pacific Northwest.  Tam McArthur Rim in the Cascade Mountains is named in his honor.McArthur was born on April 27, 1883, in The Dalles, Oregon.  He grew up on a farm near Rickreall.  His family later moved to Portland, where he attended Portland Academy.  His family had long been associated with Oregon history and government.  His paternal grandfather, Navy Lieutenant William P. McArthur, had conducted the first survey of the Pacific Coast for the United States Coast Survey in 1849 and 1850.  His maternal grandfather, James W. Nesmith, arrived in Oregon in 1843 and played an important role in territorial and early state government, serving as one of Oregon’s United States senators from 1861 to 1867 and as a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1873 to 1875. His father, Lewis Linn McArthur, served as a justice of the Oregon Supreme Court from 1870 to 1878 and then as the United States Attorney for the State of Oregon.  His mother, Harriet Nesmith McArthur, organized of the Oregon Historical Society and served on its board from 1898 until 1924.McArthur attended University of California, graduating in 1908.  During his college years, he worked for The Oregonian newspaper during the summer.  After graduation, he got a job with the Oregon Electric Railway.  In 1910, McArthur went to work for the Pacific Power and Light Company, as one of its first employees. By 1923, he was appointed vice-president and general manager.  He continued with the company until his retirement in 1946.  McArthur also served as president of the Oregon Historical Society from 1937 until 1945.  He died in Portland on November 8, 1951.
<Nick_Jr._(Turkmenistan)>	Nick Jr.  (Russian: Ник Джуниор, romanized: Nik Džunior) was a children's cable/satellite television channel which launched in November 2011.In November, 2011 MTV Networks Europe launched Nick Jr. in Russia & The CIS countries, Before its launch as a full-time channel Nick Jr. had a block on Nickelodeon. The channel broadcast on the pan-European feed of Nick Jr., so no Russian-language text appeared on channel promos, info or bumpers.
<Field_Communications>	Field Communications was an American broadcast media company and a wholly owned division of Field Enterprises, which owned the Chicago Sun-Times and the Chicago Daily News.  Based in Chicago, Illinois, the company owned UHF independent television stations in the United States, with WFLD-TV in Chicago as its flagship and largest-market station.The broadcasting arm of Field Enterprises began in January 1966 with the initial sign-on of WFLD.
<Felix_Klein>	Christian Felix Klein (German: [klaɪn]; 25 April 1849 – 22 June 1925) was a German mathematician and mathematics educator, known for his work with group theory, complex analysis, non-Euclidean geometry, and on the associations between geometry and group theory. His 1872 Erlangen program, classifying geometries by their basic symmetry groups, was an influential synthesis of much of the mathematics of the time.Felix Klein was born on 25 April 1849 in Düsseldorf, to Prussian parents. His father, Caspar Klein (1809–1889), was a Prussian government official's secretary stationed in the Rhine Province. His mother was Sophie Elise Klein (1819–1890, née Kayser). He attended the Gymnasium in Düsseldorf, then studied mathematics and physics at the University of Bonn, 1865–1866, intending to become a physicist. At that time, Julius Plücker had Bonn's professorship of mathematics and experimental physics, but by the time Klein became his assistant, in 1866, Plücker's interest was mainly geometry. Klein received his doctorate, supervised by Plücker, from the University of Bonn in 1868.Plücker died in 1868, leaving his book concerning the basis of line geometry incomplete. Klein was the obvious person to complete the second part of Plücker's Neue Geometrie des Raumes, and thus became acquainted with Alfred Clebsch, who had relocated to Göttingen in 1868. Klein visited Clebsch the next year, along with visits to Berlin and Paris. In July 1870, at the beginning of the Franco-Prussian War, he was in Paris and had to leave the country. For a brief time he served as a medical orderly in the Prussian army before being appointed lecturer at Göttingen in early 1871.
<Max_Born>	Max Born FRS, FRSE (German pronunciation: [ˈmaks ˈbɔɐ̯n] (listen); 11 December 1882 – 5 January 1970) was a German physicist and mathematician who was instrumental in the development of quantum mechanics. He also made contributions to solid-state physics and optics and supervised the work of a number of notable physicists in the 1920s and 1930s. Born won the 1954 Nobel Prize in Physics for his "fundamental research in quantum mechanics, especially in the statistical interpretation of the wave function".Born entered the University of Göttingen in 1904, where he met the three renowned mathematicians Felix Klein, David Hilbert, and Hermann Minkowski. He wrote his PhD thesis on the subject of "Stability of Elastica in a Plane and Space", winning the university's Philosophy Faculty Prize. In 1905, he began researching special relativity with Minkowski, and subsequently wrote his habilitation thesis on the Thomson model of the atom. A chance meeting with Fritz Haber in Berlin in 1918 led to discussion of how an ionic compound is formed when a metal reacts with a halogen, which is today known as the Born–Haber cycle.
<Alexandra_Wentworth>	Alexandra "Ali" Wentworth (born January 12, 1965) is an American actress, comedian, author, and producer.Wentworth's mother, Muffie Cabot (née Mabel Bryant Hobart), was Nancy Reagan's White House social secretary from 1981 to 1983.[better source needed] Her father, Eric Wentworth, was a reporter for The Washington Post. Her stepfather, Henry Brandon, was the Washington correspondent for The Sunday Times of London, and her maternal grandmother was Janet Elliott Wulsin, an explorer.[citation needed]
<Geoffrey_Hinton>	Geoffrey Everest Hinton CC FRS FRSC (born 6 December 1947) is a British-Canadian cognitive psychologist and computer scientist, most noted for his work on artificial neural networks. Since 2013, he has divided his time working for Google (Google Brain) and the University of Toronto. In 2017, he co-founded and became the Chief Scientific Advisor of the Vector Institute in Toronto.With David Rumelhart and Ronald J. Williams, Hinton was co-author of a highly cited paper published in 1986 that popularized the backpropagation algorithm for training multi-layer neural networks, although they were not the first to propose the approach. Hinton is viewed as a leading figure in the deep learning community. The dramatic image-recognition milestone of the AlexNet designed in collaboration with his students Alex Krizhevsky and Ilya Sutskever for the ImageNet challenge 2012 was a breakthrough in the field of computer vision.
<Enrico_Letta>	Enrico Letta (Italian: [enˈriːko ˈlɛtta]; born 20 August 1966) is an Italian politician who served as Prime Minister of Italy from April 2013 to February 2014, leading a grand coalition of centre-left and centre-right parties. Since March 2021, Letta has been secretary of the Democratic Party (PD).After working as an academic, Letta entered politics in 1998 when he was appointed to the Cabinet as Minister for the Community Policies, a role he held until 1999 when he was promoted to become Minister of Industry, Commerce, and Crafts. In 2001, he left the Cabinet upon his election to the Chamber of Deputies. From 2006 to 2008, he was appointed Secretary of the Council of Ministers. In 2007, Letta was one of the senior founding members of the Democratic Party, and in 2009 was elected as its Deputy Secretary.
<Ida_Halpern>	Ida Halpern OC (née Ruhdörfer; July 17, 1910 – February 7, 1987) was a Canadian ethnomusicologist.Halpern was born in Vienna, Austria. She arrived in Canada in order to flee Nazism in her native country, becoming a Canadian citizen in 1944. She worked among Native Americans of coastal British Columbia during the mid-20th century, collecting, recording, and transcribing their music and documenting its use in their cultures. Many of these recordings were released as LPs, with extensive liner notes and transcriptions. More recently, her collection has also been released digitally.Born as Ida Ruhdörfer, Halpern was raised mostly by her mother, Sabine, as her parents had separated in her early years. She began to learn piano at age six, and was instantly fascinated by the instrument. Halpern was enrolled first in public school, and then later in a private high school, where she studied the classical languages and German literature, practiced gymnastics, and furthered her interest in music. At age 19, she was struck with rheumatic fever, and was hospitalized for a year. Her heart never fully recovered, and as playing the piano more than casually would be too much of a strain, she turned her interests instead to musicology. In 1929, she entered the Musicological Institute at the University of Vienna, where she studied under Robert Lach, Egon Wellesz and Robert Haas. She married Georg Halpern, a chemist from the same university, in 1936, and moved with him to Italy, where she completed her dissertation. The couple returned to Vienna within the year. They were deciding on where to settle permanently, with South America especially in mind, when Nazis entered Vienna. As soon as Halpern defended her dissertation and received her Ph.D. in musicology, the couple escaped to Shanghai, not only because it was one of the few places in the world that did not require a visa, but also because Georg's sister taught at a college there. Shanghai was having its own difficulties due to the Sino-Japanese War, and so after a short stint working at the university, the Halperns left for Canada. As they were not farmers (the career the government required of most immigrants at the time), and the immigration board was suspicious of money the Halperns had been lent for their move, their situation was precarious for a time. Germany was now at war with Canada, and Halpern could not communicate with her original home. The friend who had lent them the money met with the immigration branch members and assured them that the money was lent in good faith, and the Halperns were allowed to stay. They settled in British Columbia, and made Vancouver their permanent home.
<Cookie_Jar_Toons>	Cookie Jar Toons (also known as This Is for Kids) was a daily children's programming block on the This TV digital broadcast network when that network was partially owned by the former Weigel Broadcasting (7 years later, the network was acquired by Allen Media Group). The block was programmed by Canada-based DHX Media (formerly Cookie Jar Entertainment and today as WildBrain).The block used the name Cookie Jar Toons for E/I programs, and the name This Is for Kids for non-E/I programs. Many of animated and live action shows where broadcast on the block were Cookie Jar archive programs from predecessors DIC and Cinar, though some (i.e.: Mona the Vampire) had never been seen in the United States before; other programs (i.e.: Sonic Underground) were previously seen on other American networks.On November 1, 2013, Tribune Broadcasting took over Weigel's half-ownership of This TV, causing the weekday lineup to be replaced with more airings of films, while the weekend block was reduced to Sunday mornings and, due to the basic three-hour minimum required to meet E/I guidelines without any non-E/I content, it was replaced with double airings of three live-action series from Bellum Entertainment; Animal Atlas, Zoo Clues, and On the Spot, which have no specific branding or continuity.
<Sport_Club_Corinthians_Paulista>	Sport Club Corinthians Paulista (Brazilian Portuguese: [isˈpɔɾtʃi ˈklubi koˈɾĩtʃɐ̃s pawˈlistɐ] (listen)) is a Brazilian sports club based in the Tatuapé district of São Paulo. Although competing in a number of different sports, Corinthians is mostly known for its professional association football team that plays in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, the top tier of the Brazilian football, as well as in the Campeonato Paulista Série A1, the first division of the traditional in-state competition.Founded in 1910 by five railway workers inspired by the London-based Corinthian Football Club, Corinthians has become one of the most successful Brazilian clubs, having won the national title seven times, in addition to three Copa do Brasil trophies, one Supercopa do Brasil and a record 30 São Paulo State championships. On the international stage, the club won the inaugural FIFA Club World Championship in 2000, winning it for the second time in 2012 after being crowned Copa Libertadores de América champions for the first time that same year.
<Paulo_Alves>	Paulo Alves may refer to:
<Jeremiah_O'Rourke>	Jeremiah O'Rourke, FAIA, (1833 – 1915), was an Irish-American architect known primarily for his designs of Roman Catholic churches and institutions and Federal post offices. He was a founder of the Newark-based architectural firms of Jeremiah O'Rourke (active from the 1850s to the 1880s) and Jeremiah O'Rourke & Sons (active from the 1880s until his death).O'Rourke was born in Dublin, Ireland in 1833 as one of eight children and graduated in 1850 from the Government School of Design, Queens College, Cork. He thereafter emigrated to the United States where he found work drafting plans for a Newark carpenter-builder, Jonathan Nichols. He married Elizabeth Cecilia Dunn in 1860. He lived at a home he designed and built at 45 Burnet Street in what is now the James Street Commons Historic District.
<Julie_Chen>	Julie Suzanne Chen Moonves (née  Chen; born January 6, 1970) is an American television personality, news anchor, and producer for CBS. She has been the host of the American version of the CBS reality-television program Big Brother since its debut in July 2000.From 2002 to 2010, she was a co-anchor of The Early Show on CBS. In 2004, Chen married CBS executive Les Moonves. Starting in 2010, Chen Moonves was a co-host and the moderator of the CBS Daytime talk show The Talk, until 2018 when she left the show following multiple sexual assault and sexual harassment allegations against her husband Les Moonves that came to light. Following this,  she began using her married name with the September 13, 2018 episode of Big Brother, signing off with, "I'm Julie Chen Moonves, goodnight." This broke her established pattern where previously she would sign off simply as Julie Chen.
<Paul_\u0022Bear\u0022_Bryant_Award>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Pieter_Zeeman>	Pieter Zeeman (Dutch: [ˈzeːmɑn]; 25 May 1865 – 9 October 1943) was a Dutch physicist who shared the 1902 Nobel Prize in Physics with Hendrik Lorentz for his discovery of the Zeeman effect.Pieter Zeeman was born in Zonnemaire, a small town on the island of Schouwen-Duiveland, Netherlands, the son of Rev Catharinus Forandinus Zeeman, a minister of the Dutch Reformed Church, and his wife, Willemina Worst.Pieter became interested in physics at an early age. In 1883, the aurora borealis happened to be visible in the Netherlands. Zeeman, then a student at the high school in Zierikzee, made a drawing and description of the phenomenon and submitted it to Nature, where it was published. The editor praised "the careful observations of Professor Zeeman from his observatory in Zonnemaire".
<Kenneth_Lonergan>	Kenneth Lonergan (born October 16, 1962) is an American film director, playwright, and screenwriter. He is the co-writer of the film Gangs of New York (2002), and wrote and directed You Can Count on Me (2000), Margaret (2011), and Manchester by the Sea (2016). Lonergan is also known for his work as a playwright. His most noted plays include This Is Our Youth, Lobby Hero and The Waverly Gallery. Each also had a successful revival engagement on Broadway, which resulted in each play receiving a nomination for the Tony Award for Best Revival of a Play.Lonergan won the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for Manchester by the Sea, for which he was also nominated for Best Director; he also earned Academy Award nominations for his screenplays for You Can Count on Me and Gangs of New York. He also won the BAFTA Award for Best Original Screenplay for Manchester by the Sea at the 70th British Academy Film Awards.
<Mary_Kay_Bergman>	Mary Kay Bergman (June 5, 1961 – November 11, 1999), also credited as Shannen Cassidy, was an American voice actress and voice-over teacher. Bergman was the lead female voice actress on South Park from the show's 1997 debut until her death. Throughout her career, Bergman performed voice work for over 400 television commercials and voiced over 100 cartoon, film, and video game characters.Born in Los Angeles, Bergman had an interest in fantasy and animation early in her life. She acted in plays during high school and also studied theater at University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). After struggling to secure on-screen acting jobs, she began taking work as a voice-over actress. In 1989, she began voicing the Disney character Snow White. In the 1990s, she voiced Daphne Blake in three films from the Scooby Doo franchise as well as Timmy Turner in the Oh Yeah! Cartoons. From 1991 to 1997, she voiced several minor characters on The Simpsons.Shortly after her death, her husband Dino Andrade established the Mary Kay Bergman Memorial Fund.
<Nevin_S._Scrimshaw>	Nevin Stewart Scrimshaw (January 20, 1918 – February 8, 2013) was an American food scientist and Institute Professor emeritus at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Scrimshaw was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. During the course of his long career he developed nutritional supplements for alleviating protein, iodine, and iron deficiencies in the developing world. His pioneering and extensive publications in the area of human nutrition and food science include over 20 books and monographs and hundreds of scholarly articles. Scrimshaw also founded the Department of Nutrition and Food Science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology,  the Institute of Nutrition of Central America and Panama, and the Nevin Scrimshaw International Nutrition Foundation. He was awarded the Bolton L. Corson Medal in 1976 and the World Food Prize in 1991. Scrimshaw spent the last years of his life on a farm in Thornton, New Hampshire, where he died at 95.Scrimshaw came from New England, and spent the 1930s and 1940s there studying nutrition, especially protein combining, alongside his wife and fellow scientist, Mary Goodrich. In the 1950s and 1960s, they lived in Guatemala and India. They designed meals using local vegetables to fight against the scourge of kwashiorkor. In Guatemala they used the combination of cottonseed flour with maize, while in India they combined peanut flour with wheat. His daughter is medical anthropologist and academic administrator Susan C. Scrimshaw.
<Jane_Engelhard>	Jane Engelhard (August 12, 1917 – February 29, 2004), born Mary Jane Reiss, was an American philanthropist, best known for her marriage to billionaire industrialist Charles W. Engelhard Jr., as well as her donation of an elaborate 18th-century Neapolitan crêche to the White House in 1967. She was named to the International Best Dressed List Hall of Fame in 1972.Born in Qingdao or Shanghai, China, Mary Jane Reiss was the youngest daughter of Hugo Reiss (1879–1931), a prominent Jewish businessman who emigrated to the USA in 1896; he was an executive at his family's British fabric-and-small-arms wholesale firm, G. Reiss & Co. Ltd. and served as Brazil's consul in Shanghai. Hugo Reiss married, at The Grand Hotel in Yokohama, Japan, on 16 October 1911, Marie Ignatius Murphy (1891-1965), an Irish Roman Catholic native of San Francisco, California; she was a daughter of James. J. Murphy and his wife, Mary O'Gorman.Reiss had two elder sisters by her parents' marriage:
<Lomonosov_Gold_Medal>	The Lomonosov Gold Medal (Russian: Большая золотая медаль имени М. В. Ломоносова Bol'shaya zolotaya medal' imeni M. V. Lomonosova), named after Russian scientist and polymath Mikhail Lomonosov, is awarded each year since 1959 for outstanding achievements in the natural sciences and the humanities by the USSR Academy of Sciences and later the Russian Academy of Sciences (RAS). Since 1967, two medals are awarded annually: one to a Russian and one to a foreign scientist. It is the Academy's highest accolade.
<The_Foundations_of_Arithmetic>	The Foundations of Arithmetic (German: Die Grundlagen der Arithmetik) is a book by Gottlob Frege, published in 1884, which investigates the philosophical foundations of arithmetic. Frege refutes other theories of number and develops his own theory of numbers.  The Grundlagen also helped to motivate Frege's later works in logicism. The book was not well received and was not read widely when it was published. It did, however, draw the attentions of Bertrand Russell and Ludwig Wittgenstein, who were both heavily influenced by Frege's philosophy. An English translation was published (Oxford, 1950) by J. L. Austin, with a second edition in 1960.Frege objects to any account of mathematics based on psychologism, that is the view that math and numbers are relative to the subjective thoughts of the people who think of them. According to Frege, psychological accounts appeal to what is subjective, while mathematics is purely objective: mathematics are completely independent from human thought. Mathematical entities, according to Frege, have objective properties regardless of humans thinking of them: it is not possible to think of mathematical statements as something that evolved naturally through human history and evolution. He sees a fundamental distinction between logic (and its extension, according to Frege, math) and psychology. Logic explains necessary facts, whereas psychology studies certain thought processes in individual minds.Frege greatly appreciates the work of Immanuel Kant. He criticizes him mainly on the grounds that numerical statements are not synthetic-a priori, but rather analytic-a priori.Kant claims that 7+5=12 is an unprovable synthetic statement. No matter how much we analyze the idea of 7+5 we will not find there the idea of 12. We must arrive at the idea of 12 by application to objects in the intuition. Kant points out that this becomes all the more clear with bigger numbers. Frege, on this point precisely, argues towards the opposite direction. Kant wrongly assumes that in a proposition containing "big" numbers we must count points or some such thing to assert their truth value. Frege argues that without ever having any intuition toward any of the numbers in the following equation: 654,768+436,382=1,091,150 we nevertheless can assert it is true. This is provided as evidence that such a proposition is analytic. While Frege agrees that geometry is indeed synthetic a priori, arithmetic must be analytic.
<University_of_Montpellier>	Coordinates: 43°35′55″N 3°53′32″E﻿ / ﻿43.598593°N 3.8921739°E﻿ / 43.598593; 3.8921739The University of Montpellier (French: Université de Montpellier) is a public research university located in Montpellier, in south-east of France. Established in 1220, the University of Montpellier is one of the oldest universities in the world.The university was split into three universities (the University of Montpellier 1, the University of Montpellier 2 and the Paul Valéry University Montpellier 3) for 45 years from 1970 until 2015 when it was subsequently reunified by the merger of the two former, with the latter, now named Paul Valéry University, Montpellier III remaining a separate entity.
<Newport_County_A.F.C.>	Newport County Association Football Club (Welsh: Clwb Pêl-droed Cymdeithas Sir Casnewydd) is a professional football club in the city of Newport, South Wales. The team compete in EFL League Two, the fourth tier of the English football league system. The club's usual home colours are amber shirts and black shorts.Formed in 1912, the club began life in the Southern League before being invited to become founder members of the Football League Third Division in 1920. They failed re-election in 1931, but were elected back into the Football League the next year. They struggled for the next few seasons, but went on to be crowned Third Division South champions in 1938–39. World War II meant they had to wait until the 1946–47 season to take their place in the Second Division, though they were relegated at the end of the campaign. They were relegated out of the Third Division in 1962. In the 1979–80 season, under manager Len Ashurst, they secured promotion out of the Fourth Division and won the Welsh Cup for the first time. They reached the quarter-finals of the UEFA Cup Winner's Cup the next year. In the 1980s they suffered financial difficulties with a double relegation costing them their Football League place in 1988 and the club went out of business in February 1989.
<Charles_Eliot_(landscape_architect)>	Charles Eliot (November 1, 1859 – March 25, 1897) was an American landscape architect. Known for pioneering principles of regional planning, naturalistic systems approach to landscape architecture, and laying the groundwork for conservancies across the world. Instrumental in the formation of The Trustees of Reservations, the world's first land trust, playing a central role in shaping the Boston Metropolitan Park System, designing a number of public and private landscapes, and wrote prolifically on a variety of topics.Eliot was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts in 1859 to Charles W. Eliot and Ellen Derby Peabody. Charles had one brother, Samuel A. Eliot whom was a minister. His father became President of Harvard University in 1869, the same year his mother died.  He was part of the prominent Eliot family originating from Boston.1878 admitted to Harvard College.
<Aberdeen_F.C.>	Aberdeen Football Club is a Scottish professional football club based in Aberdeen, Scotland. They compete in the Scottish Premiership and have never been relegated from the top division of the Scottish football league system since they were promoted in 1905. Aberdeen have won four Scottish league titles, seven Scottish Cups and six Scottish League Cups. They are also the only Scottish team to have won two European trophies, having won the European Cup Winners' Cup and the European Super Cup in 1983.Formed in 1903 as a result of the amalgamation of three clubs from Aberdeen, they rarely challenged for honours until the post war decade, when they won each of the major Scottish trophies under manager Dave Halliday. This level of success was surpassed in the 1980s, when, under the management of Sir Alex Ferguson, they won three league titles, four Scottish Cups and a Scottish League Cup, alongside the two European trophies. Aberdeen were the last club outside the Old Firm to win a league title, in 1984–85, and also the last Scottish team to win a European trophy. The team has enjoyed less success since this golden era, though a 19-year wait for a major trophy was ended by winning the 2013–14 Scottish League Cup, followed up by multiple second-place finishes behind Celtic in the league during the 2010s.
<J._I._Packer>	James Innell Packer (22 July 1926 – 17 July 2020) was an English-born Canadian evangelical theologian, cleric and writer in the low-church Anglican and Calvinist traditions. He was considered one of the most influential evangelicals in North America, known for his best-selling book, Knowing God, written in 1973, as well as his work as an editor for the English Standard Version of the Bible. He was one of the high-profile signers on the 1978 Chicago Statement on Biblical Inerrancy, a member on the advisory board of the Council on Biblical Manhood and Womanhood, and also was involved in the ecumenical book Evangelicals and Catholics Together in 1994. His last teaching position was as the board of governors' Professor of Theology at Regent College in Vancouver, British Columbia, in which he served from 1996 until his retirement in 2016 due to failing eyesight.Packer was born on 22 July 1926 in Twyning, Gloucestershire, England to James and Dorothy Packer. His sister, Margaret, was born in 1929. His father was a clerk for the Great Western Railway and his lower-middle-class family was only nominally Anglican, attending the local St. Catherine's Church. When he was seven, Packer suffered a severe head injury in a collision with a bread van, which precluded him from playing sports, so he became interested in reading and writing. At 11 years of age, Packer was gifted with an old Oliver typewriter. He went on to cherish typewriters for the rest of his life. In 1937, Packer went to The Crypt School, where he specialized in the classics. At age 14 he was confirmed at St. Catherine's church.
<Southside_with_You>	Southside with You is a 2016 American biographical romantic drama film written, produced, and directed by Richard Tanne, in his feature film directorial debut. The film stars Parker Sawyers and Tika Sumpter as a young Barack Obama (the future 44th president of the United States), and Michelle Robinson, respectively, and focuses on the couple's first date in 1989.The film premiered at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival, where it garnered critical acclaim. It was released theatrically in the United States on August 26, 2016, by Miramax and Roadside Attractions, and grossed over $6.5 million worldwide.
<Peter_Nowell>	Peter Carey Nowell (February 8, 1928 – December 26, 2016) was a cancer researcher and co-discoverer of the Philadelphia chromosome. At the time of his death, he was the Gaylord P. and Mary Louise Harnwell Emeritus Professor of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania.Peter Carey Nowell was born in Philadelphia. His mother was a writer and a teacher, and his father was an electrical engineer for the Bell Telephone Company.He received a bachelor's degree in biology and chemistry from Wesleyan University in Middletown, Connecticut, in 1948 and a medical degree from the University of Pennsylvania in 1952. He joined the Navy, and during his tour he conducted research at the Naval Radiological Defense Laboratory in San Francisco. He joined the University of Pennsylvania faculty in 1956. At the time of his death he was chairman of the department of pathology and laboratory medicine at UP.
<Aimee_Chan>	Aimee Chan (born 1 April 1981) or Chan Yan-mei (Traditional Chinese: 陳茵媺) is a Canadian born actress based in Hong Kong. She was the winner of Miss Hong Kong 2006 and was offered a TVB contract shortly after.Aimee was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Her parents were immigrants from Hong Kong. She began her modeling career at the age of 16[citation needed]. She attended Woodbridge College in Woodbridge, Ontario. After high school, Aimee studied at the Ontario College of Art & Design. She graduated at the age of 23 and became a Graphic Designer. One year later, she entered a modelling competition and won the title. Later she competed in her first beauty pageant. Shortly thereafter, she moved to Hong Kong in 2005.[citation needed]
<American_Association_of_Anatomists>	The American Association for Anatomy (AAA), based in Rockville, MD, was founded in Washington, D.C. in 1888 as the Association of American Anatomists for the "advancement of anatomical science." AAA later changed its name to the American Association of Anatomists, and then became the American Association for Anatomy in 2019. AAA is an international membership organization of biomedical researchers and educators specializing in the structural foundation of health and disease.In addition to being the primary educators of healthcare profession students in their first year of training, AAA members work in imaging, cell biology, genetics, molecular development, endocrinology, histology, neuroscience, forensics, microscopy, physical anthropology, and numerous other developing areas.
<Barry_Ackerley>	Barry Allan Ackerley (April 15, 1934 – March 21, 2011) was an American businessman. He was the former chairman and CEO of the Ackerley Group media company. He was also the owner of the Seattle SuperSonics basketball franchise from 1983 to 2001 and the Seattle Storm basketball franchise from 2000 to 2001.Born in Des Moines, Iowa in 1934, Barry Ackerley began his career in the advertising industry selling space for the magazine Better Homes & Gardens. In 1964, he approached a wealthy family in Wichita, Kansas, and asked for their financial assistance in acquiring billboards. The family agreed and, as a minority shareholder in the venture, Ackerley purchased billboards in Fresno and Bakersfield, California. Over the next four years, Ackerley purchased additional billboards in San Francisco, Oakland, and San Jose, California.
<Princess_Elisabeth,_Duchess_in_Bavaria>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Faith_Healer>	Faith Healer is a play by Brian Friel about the life of the faith healer Francis Hardy as monologued through the shifting memories of Hardy, his wife, Grace, and stage manager, Teddy.The play was voted as one of the 100 most significant plays of the 20th century in a poll conducted by Royal National Theatre and has been named by The Independent as one of the "40 best plays of all time".
<Isadore_Singer>	Isadore Manuel Singer (May 3, 1924 – February 11, 2021) was an American mathematician. He was an Emeritus Institute Professor in the Department of Mathematics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a Professor Emeritus of Mathematics at the University of California, Berkeley.Singer is noted for his work with Michael Atiyah, proving the Atiyah–Singer index theorem in 1962, which paved the way for new interactions between pure mathematics and theoretical physics. In early 1980s, while a professor at Berkeley, Singer co-founded the Mathematical Sciences Research Institute (MSRI) with Shiing-Shen Chern and Calvin Moore.
<Edward_M._Hundert>	Edward M. Hundert is the Dean for Medical Education and the Daniel D. Federman, M.D. Professor in Residence of Global Health and Social Medicine and Medical Education at Harvard Medical School, where he is also Associate Director of the Center for Bioethics at HMS [1].  Hundert is a member of the TIAA Board of Trustees of TIAA-CREF.Born in Woodbridge Township, New Jersey, Hundert was graduated from Yale University, summa cum laude, in 1978 with a degree in mathematics and the history of science and medicine, receiving Yale's annual Russell Henry Chittenden Prize “to the graduating senior with highest standing in mathematics and the natural sciences.” He attended Oxford University as a Marshall Scholar, earning a degree in philosophy, politics, and economics in 1980. He received his M.D. in 1984 from Harvard Medical School, where he remained to do his residency training in psychiatry at McLean Hospital.Hundert has spent most of his professional career at Harvard Medical School.  Following residency training, he was appointed Director of Postgraduate and Continuing Medical Education at McLean Hospital and became involved in the development of the Harvard's New Pathway Curriculum. He then served as Associate Dean for Student Affairs at Harvard Medical School from 1990 to 1997.  He left Harvard for nine years in his 40s, spending 5 years at the University of Rochester, where he served as Dean of the School of Medicine and Dentistry, and 4 years at Case Western Reserve University, where he served as president.  He left Case in 2006 after the faculty members in arts and sciences voted overwhelmingly that they lacked confidence in him due to mounting deficits at the university and a management style that many faculty members said was secretive.
<Maureen_Connell>	Maureen Connell (born 2 August 1931) is a British actress.On 20 July 1956, Connell married British film director, writer and producer John Guillermin.  They resided in the Los Angeles area beginning 1968. They had two children, Michelle and Michael-John, the latter of whom died in 1984 in a car accident in Truckee, California.
<Patrick_Fischler>	Patrick S. Fischler (born December 29, 1969) is an American character actor known for his roles as Jimmy Barrett on the drama series Mad Men, Dharma Initiative worker Phil on the drama series Lost and Detective Kenny No-Gun on the police drama Southland. He has more than sixty film and television credits, including the films Mulholland Drive (2001), Ghost World (2001), Old School (2003), The Black Dahlia (2006), and Dinner for Schmucks (2010).In 2011, Fischler portrayed real-life gangster Mickey Cohen in the video game L.A. Noire using facial performance-capture technology to convert performances in the game's graphics. In 2012, he appeared in One for the Money, a crime thriller adapted from Janet Evanovich's novel of the same name. In 2013, he played gangster Meyer Lansky in scenes with Cohen's character in the TNT miniseries Mob City.
<O_Tannenbaum>	"O Tannenbaum" (German: [oː ˈtanənbaʊm]; "O fir tree", English: O Christmas Tree) is a German Christmas song. Based on a traditional folk song which was unrelated to Christmas, it became associated with the traditional Christmas tree. The modern lyrics were written in 1824 by the Leipzig organist, teacher and composer Ernst Anschütz. A Tannenbaum is a fir tree. The lyrics do not actually refer to Christmas, or describe a decorated Christmas tree. Instead, they refer to the fir's evergreen quality as a symbol of constancy and faithfulness.Anschütz based his text on a 16th-century Silesian folk song by Melchior Franck, "Ach Tannenbaum". August Zarnack in 1819 wrote a tragic love song inspired by this folk song, taking the evergreen, "faithful" fir tree as contrasting with a faithless lover. The folk song first became associated with Christmas with Anschütz, who added two verses of his own to the first, traditional verse. The custom of the Christmas tree developed in the course of the 19th century, and the song came to be seen as a Christmas carol. Anschütz's version still had treu (true, faithful) as the adjective describing the fir's leaves (needles), harking back to the contrast to the faithless maiden of the folk song. This was changed to grün (green) at some point in the 20th century, after the song had come to be associated with Christmas.
<Karol_J._Bobko>	Karol Joseph "Bo" Bobko (born December 23, 1937), (Col, USAF, Ret.), is an American aerospace engineer, retired U.S. Air Force officer, test pilot, and  a former USAF and NASA astronaut.  Bobko was the first graduate of the US Air Force Academy to travel in space.Bobko was born on December 23, 1937, in Queens, New York, to a family with Ukrainian and Lithuanian roots. He graduated from Brooklyn Technical High School, New York, in 1955, then received a Bachelor of Science degree from the United States Air Force Academy in 1959, and a Master of Science degree in Aerospace Engineering from the University of Southern California in 1970.Bobko was a member of the first graduating class of the U.S. Air Force Academy. Subsequent to receiving his commission and navigator rating, he attended pilot training at Bartow Air Base, Florida, and Vance Air Force Base, Oklahoma. He completed his flight training and received his pilot wings in 1960.
<Jhumpa_Lahiri>	Nilanjana Sudeshna "Jhumpa" Lahiri (born July 11, 1967) is an American author  known for her short stories, novels and essays in English, and, more recently, in Italian.Her debut collection of short-stories Interpreter of Maladies (1999) won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the PEN/Hemingway Award, and her first novel, The Namesake (2003), was adapted into the popular film of the same name.
<Ian_Hislop>	Ian David Hislop (born 13 July 1960) is a British journalist, satirist, writer, broadcaster, and editor of the magazine Private Eye. He has appeared on many radio and television programmes and has been a team captain on the BBC quiz show Have I Got News for You since the programme's inception in 1990.Hislop was born on 13 July 1960 in Mumbles, Swansea, to a Scottish father, David Hislop, from Ayrshire, and a Channel Islander mother born in Jersey, Helen Rosemarie Hislop (née Beddows), who left for Wales in her late teens.
<Lachlan_Macleay>	Lachlan "Mac" Macleay (born June 13, 1931) is a retired colonel in the United States Air Force and a former USAF astronaut. Although he trained for the USAF Manned Orbital Laboratory (MOL), the program was cancelled before any of the MOL crews reached space.Macleay was born in Saint Louis, Missouri and graduated in 1954 from the United States Naval Academy with a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering. Although a USNA graduate, he chose to begin his career in the United States Air Force. In 1970, he earned a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Southern California.Macleay was a flight instructor in the F-86D at Moody Air Force Base in Georgia. He graduated from the U.S. Air Force Test Pilot School in Class 60A, Aerospace Research Pilot School (ARPS) Class IV, and MOL. In 1965, Macleay was selected as one of the first astronauts to the Air Force's classified Manned Orbital Laboratory. The MOL program, canceled in 1969 before sending any astronauts into space, was to man a military space station with Air Force astronauts using a modified Gemini spacecraft.
<Undark>	Undark was a trade name for luminous paint made with a mixture of radioactive radium and zinc sulfide, as produced by the U.S. Radium Corporation between 1917 and 1938.  It was used primarily in watch and clock dials. The people working in the industry who applied the radioactive paint became known as the Radium Girls, because many of them became ill and some died from exposure to the radiation emitted by the radium contained within the product. The product was the direct cause of radium jaw in the dial painters.  Undark was also available as a kit for general consumer use and marketed as glow-in-the-dark paint.Mixtures similar to Undark, consisting of radium and zinc sulphide were used by other companies. Trade names include:and
<James_Beveridge>	James Beveridge (August 12, 1917 – February 16, 1993) was a Canadian filmmaker, author and educator. Beveridge was a pioneering filmmaker at the fledgling National Film Board of Canada (NFB) and rose to become Head of Production and Executive Producer at the NFB in postwar years.James A. Beveridge was born in Vancouver and after completing his bachelor's degree in journalism at the University of British Columbia, he received an Imperial Relations Trust Bursary to travel to England where he wanted to write a book on the history of film. In 1939, while seeking out sponsors for his book in London, he met the famous documentary filmmaker, John Grierson who persuaded him to seek out the GPO Film Unit in London to learn about documentary filmmaking.When the Second World War broke out, Grierson sent Beveridge to Ottawa, to help establish the National Film Board of Canada. He was initially hired as a film cutter, then as an editor. During the war, in various duties as editor, director and producer, Beveridge worked on more than 80 documentary films. Films he directed, include The Voice of Action (1942), Banshees Over Canada (1943) and Look to the North (1944).
<Ernst_Mayr>	Ernst Walter Mayr (/ˈmaɪər/; 5 July 1904 – 3 February 2005) was one of the 20th century's leading evolutionary biologists. He was also a renowned taxonomist, tropical explorer, ornithologist, philosopher of biology, and historian of science. His work contributed to the conceptual revolution that led to the modern evolutionary synthesis of Mendelian genetics, systematics, and Darwinian evolution, and to the development of the biological species concept.Although Charles Darwin and others posited that multiple species could evolve from a single common ancestor, the mechanism by which this occurred was not understood, creating the species problem. Ernst Mayr approached the problem with a new definition for species. In his book Systematics and the Origin of Species (1942) he wrote that a species is not just a group of morphologically similar individuals, but a group that can breed only among themselves, excluding all others. When populations within a species become isolated by geography, feeding strategy, mate choice, or other means, they may start to differ from other populations through genetic drift and natural selection, and over time may evolve into new species. The most significant and rapid genetic reorganization occurs in extremely small populations that have been isolated (as on islands).His theory of peripatric speciation (a more precise form of allopatric speciation which he advanced), based on his work on birds, is still considered a leading mode of speciation, and was the theoretical underpinning for the theory of punctuated equilibrium, proposed by Niles Eldredge and Stephen Jay Gould. Mayr is sometimes credited with inventing modern philosophy of biology, particularly the part related to evolutionary biology, which he distinguished from physics due to its introduction of (natural) history into science.
<Wonder_Boys>	Wonder Boys is a 1995 novel by the American writer Michael Chabon. It was adapted into a film with the same title in 2000.Pittsburgh professor and author Grady Tripp is working on an unwieldy 2,611-page manuscript that is meant to be the follow-up to his successful, award-winning novel The Land Downstairs, which was published seven years earlier.  On the eve of a college-sponsored writers' and publishers' weekend called WordFest, Tripp's wife walks out on him, and he learns that his mistress, the chancellor of the college, Sara Gaskell, is pregnant with his child.  To top it all off, Tripp finds himself involved in a bizarre crime committed by one of his students, an alienated young writer named James Leer.  During a party, Leer shoots and kills the chancellor’s dog and steals her husband’s prized Marilyn Monroe collectible: the jacket worn by the actress on the day of her marriage to Joe DiMaggio.The New York Times reviewed the novel as "...the ultimate writing-program novel. If that sounds insulting, I don't mean it to be. But anyone who has ever served time in a writing program and gone to the "writing festivals" at various universities will instantly recognize the milieu and the characters."
<Adriana_Caselotti>	Adriana Elena Loreta Caselotti (May 6, 1916 – January 18, 1997) was an American actress and singer. Caselotti was the voice of the title character of the first Walt Disney animated feature, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, for which she was named a Disney Legend in 1994, making her the first female voiceover artist to achieve this.Adriana Caselotti was born in Bridgeport, Connecticut to an Italian-American family.  Her father, Guido Luigi Emanuele Caselotti, was an immigrant from Udine, and worked as a music teacher and vocal coach, and served as the organist for the Holy Rosary Church; and her mother, Maria Josephine Orefice from Casavatore, was a singer in the Royal Opera Theatre of Rome.  Her older sister, Louise, sang opera and gave voice lessons—Maria Callas being a student of hers.  When Caselotti was seven years old, her family left Connecticut for Italy, while her mother toured with an opera company.  Caselotti was educated and boarded at the San Getulio convent, near Rome.  When her family returned to New York three years later, Caselotti re-learned English and studied singing with her father.  In 1934, Caselotti attended Hollywood High School where she sang in the senior class Girls' Glee Club and had a leading role in the school's annual musical, The Belle of New York.
<Death_Rides_the_Range>	Death Rides the Range is a 1939 American Western film directed by Sam Newfield. It was a Colony Pictures film.A group of international scientists are after helium used for airships of a foreign power. FBI Special Agent Ken Baxter, "from nowhere and going the same place" and his sidekicks Pancho and Panhandle stop them.
<State_Export-Import_Bank_of_Ukraine>	The joint-stock company State Export-Import Bank of Ukraine or Ukreximbank (Ukrainian: Укрексімбанк) is one of three 100% state-owned systemically important banks in Ukraine (together with Savings Bank and PrivatBank).The bank was founded in January 1992 with its headquarters in Kyiv. Bank services a considerable proportion of export and import activities. It acts as the sole financial agent of the Government of Ukraine with respect to loans from foreign financial institutions, which are originated, borrowed or guaranteed by Ukraine. Ukreximbank has the widest amidst Ukrainian bank's foreign network of correspondents. Bank network includes 83 branches, 692 ATMs and SSTs (as of January 2017) covering all regions of Ukraine. Ukreximbank also has offices in London and New York.According to the British magazine The Banker, in 2014 Ukreximbank ranked eleventh in the ranking of the largest banks in Central and Eastern Europe and 388th in the ranking of the top 1,000 world banks.
<Gianluca_De_Angelis_(footballer,_born_1981)>	Gianluca De Angelis (born 23 May 1981) is an Italian footballer who plays as a forward for FC Sant'Agnello.Born in Castellammare di Stabia, in the Province of Naples, Campania region, De Angelis started his career at a local club in Gragnano, also in the Province of Naples. At age 13 he was signed by Parma, at that time famous for its youth products. At age 16 Angelis suffered an anterior cruciate ligament injury, but the injury did not end his career. He made his professional debut against S.S. Lazio on 23 May 1999 (the last round of the Serie A season as well as his birthday, by the decision of Malesani), year in which his team won 1998–99 UEFA Cup and 1998–99 Coppa Italia. He then played almost all of his career in Italian Serie C1, Serie C2 and their successor.De Angelis left the reserve team of Parma in 2000 for Serie C1 club Benevento. In 2001, he was signed by another third division club Sora.
<Peggy_Parratt>	George Watson "Peggy" Parratt (March 21, 1883 – January 3, 1959) was a professional football player who played in the "Ohio League" prior to it becoming a part of the National Football League. Born in Cleveland, Ohio, Parratt played quarterback for the Shelby Blues, Lorain Pros, Massillon Tigers, Massillon All-Stars, Franklin Athletic Club of Cleveland, Akron Indians and the Cleveland Tigers between 1905 and 1916.  Parratt threw the first legal forward pass in professional football history while playing for the Massillon Tigers on October 25, 1906.Parratt played college football at Case School of Applied Science, now known as Case Western Reserve University.  During his time at Case, he became a 3-time All-Ohio college star. However, in 1905, he risked his amateur standing by playing professional ball on Sundays for the Shelby Blues. To hide his identity from the media and school officials, Parratt played under the name "Jimmy Murphy" and used a nose guard to conceal his face. However just weeks after his first game for Shelby, the Cleveland newspapers revealed that "Murphy" was really Peggy Parratt, in disguise. Soon afterwards Parratt was called in for questioning by the chairman of the Case University Athletic Board, Professor Arthur S. Wright. During the interview, Parratt openly admitted to breaking the amateur code. He was then barred from all further intercollegiate play at Case. At this time, Parratt was also a star basketball and baseball player for Case and was removed from those teams as well.By admitting openly to playing for Shelby, Parratt thus became the first college football star to be disciplined by his school for moonlighting as a professional football player. Several other college players had secretly played professional football, but they always denied the charges when questioned. However Case still awarded Peggy his varsity letter, citing his invaluable leadership on and off the field during the major part of the 1905 football season. He also made All-Ohio Honors for 1905 and was allowed to coach the college's baseball team, after being stripped of captaincy due to the scandal. After graduating from Case in 1906, Parratt was offered the head football coaching job at Marietta College, however he turned it down to continue his professional playing career. In 1909, however, Peggy was an assistant football coach at Case, while he was also playing for the Shelby Blues.
<Ljan_Station>	Ljan Station (Norwegian: Ljan stasjon) is a railway station on the Østfold Line. It is located in the Ljan neighborhood in the Nordstrand borough of Oslo, Norway. Situated 7.15 kilometers (4.44 mi) from Oslo Central Station (Oslo S), it features two side platforms. Hauketo is served by the Line L2 of the Norwegian State Railways's Oslo Commuter Rail, providing two services each hour.The station was one of the original stations on the Østfold Line, and opened on 2 January 1879. The original station was designed by Peter Andreas Blix. Commuter trains started running to Ljan in 1883, and had for many years the station as their terminus. The line through Ljan was moved during the 1920 and converted to double track. Ljan Station received a new station building in 1923, designed in Neoclassic by Gerhard Fischer, including an underpass with entrances. The station is listed as a cultural heritage site.The station opened as Lian on 2 January 1879, the same day as the rest of the Østfold Line. It originally received a station building designed by Peter Andreas Blix. NSB started operating commuter trains from Christiania East Station to Ljan in 1883. This made Ljan an attractive place for people to build houses, as it was then possible to commute to the city. Residential development therefore started after the commuter train services were introduced. From 1885 this train was operated with a Class 13 locomotive. It proved to be underpowered, so a larger locomotive was taken into use instead. As there was no turntable at Lian, the locomotive was forced to back on the return to Christiania.
<Steven_Weinberg>	Steven Weinberg (/ˈwaɪnbɜːrɡ/; May 3, 1933 – July 23, 2021) was an American theoretical physicist and Nobel laureate in physics for his contributions with Abdus Salam and Sheldon Glashow to the unification of the weak force and electromagnetic interaction between elementary particles.He held the Josey Regental Chair in Science at the University of Texas at Austin, where he was a member of the Physics and Astronomy Departments. His research on elementary particles and physical cosmology was honored with numerous prizes and awards, including the 1979 Nobel Prize in physics and the 1991 National Medal of Science. In 2004, he received the Benjamin Franklin Medal of the American Philosophical Society, with a citation that said he was "considered by many to be the preeminent theoretical physicist alive in the world today." He was elected to the U.S. National Academy of Sciences, Britain's Royal Society, the American Philosophical Society, and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
<Raven-Symoné>	Raven-Symoné Christina Pearman-Maday (/sɪˈmoʊn/) (née Pearman; born December 10, 1985), also known mononymously as Raven, is an American actress, singer, and songwriter. She has received several accolades, including five NAACP Image Awards, two Kids' Choice Awards, three Young Artist Awards, and three Daytime Emmy Award nominations. In 2012, she was included on VH1's list of  "100 Greatest Child Stars of All Time".Raven-Symoné began her career as a child actress, appearing as Olivia Kendall on The Cosby Show (1989–1992) and Nicole Lee on Hangin' with Mr. Cooper (1993–1997), both of which earned her a number of awards and nominations. When she was 15 years old, she landed a role of Raven Baxter on the Disney Channel television series That's So Raven (2003–2007), for which she was nominated for numerous accolades. Her film credits include Dr. Dolittle (1998), its sequel Dr. Dolittle 2 (2001), The Princess Diaries 2 (2004), and College Road Trip (2008), which were all box office successes. Her television film credits include Zenon: Girl of the 21st Century (1999), its second sequel Zenon: Z3 (2004), The Cheetah Girls (2003), its sequel The Cheetah Girls 2 (2006), For One Night (2006), and Revenge of the Bridesmaids (2010). Raven-Symoné has also lent her voice to the animated series Kim Possible for the character Monique, and films such as Tinker Bell (2008). Raven-Symoné has reprised her role as Raven Baxter on Raven's Home (2017–present), for which she was nominated for the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Performer in Children's Programming.
<Robert_J._O'Neill>	Robert J. O'Neill (born 10 April 1976) is a former United States Navy SEAL (1996–2012), TV news contributor, and author.  After participating in May 2011's Operation Neptune Spear with SEAL Team Six, O'Neill was the subject of controversy for claiming to be the sole individual to kill Osama bin Laden.Born in Butte, Montana, on 10 April 1976, Robert J. O'Neill is the son of Tom O'Neill, Jim and Diane Johnson, and the brother of Tom O'Neill.  O'Neill described his childhood in Butte as "idyllic".  He graduated from Butte Central High School in 1994, and has attended Montana Technological University.  O'Neill married in March 2004, and has at least two children, though he and his spouse were legally separated by February 2013.
<David_Gross>	David Jonathan Gross (/ɡroʊs/; born February 19, 1941) is an American theoretical physicist and string theorist. Along with Frank Wilczek and David Politzer, he was awarded the 2004 Nobel Prize in Physics for their discovery of asymptotic freedom. Gross is the Chancellor's Chair Professor of Theoretical Physics at the Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics (KITP) of the University of California, Santa Barbara (UCSB), and was formerly the KITP director and holder of their Frederick W. Gluck Chair in Theoretical Physics. He is also a faculty member in the UCSB Physics Department and is currently affiliated with the Institute for Quantum Studies at Chapman University in California. He is a foreign member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.Gross was born to a Jewish family in Washington, D.C., in February 1941. His parents were Nora (Faine) and Bertram Myron Gross (1912–1997). Gross received his bachelor's degree from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Israel, in 1962.  He received his Ph.D. in physics from the University of California, Berkeley in 1966, under the supervision of Geoffrey Chew.
<Goethe_Prize>	The Goethe Prize of the City of Frankfurt (German: Goethe-Preis der Stadt Frankfurt am Main) is an award for achievement "worthy of honour in memory of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe" made by the city of Frankfurt am Main, Germany. It was usually an annual award until 1955, and thereafter has been triennial. Following a decision of municipal authorities in 1952, the "Award of the Goethe Prize" only takes place every three years. Many recipients are authors, but persons working in several other creative and scientific fields have been honoured. The prize money is €50,000.
<Studio_23>	Studio 23 (officially Studio 23, Inc. and previously AMCARA Broadcasting Network) was a Filipino television network owned by ABS-CBN Corporation. The network was named for its flagship station in Metro Manila, DWAC-TV and carried on UHF channel 23. The network was a sister network of the main channel, ABS-CBN, airing programming aimed towards young adults, such as North American imports and other English-language programming, and original Tagalog programming aimed at the demographic as well, such as supplemental programming for ABS-CBN programs. This station studios were located at 3/F ABS-CBN Broadcast Center, Sgt. Esguerra Ave., Mother Ignacia St., Diliman, Quezon City.At a planning session during the mid-1990s, ABS-CBN staff members were plotting out plans for a new UHF channel offering a more "upscale" alternative to the main ABS-CBN. In the lead-up to the launch, ABS-CBN acquired the rights to many syndicated U.S. imports, such as Wheel of Fortune and The Oprah Winfrey Show.
<Joy_Page>	Joy Page (born Joy Cerrette Paige; November 9, 1924 – April 18, 2008) was an American actress. She is best known for her role as the Bulgarian refugee Annina Brandel in Casablanca (1942). She was sometimes credited as Joanne Page.Page was the daughter of Mexican-American silent film star Don Alvarado (born José Ray Paige, in New Mexico) and Ann Boyar, the daughter of Russian Jewish immigrants. Her parents divorced when she was eight.[citation needed]In 1936, her mother married Jack L. Warner, then head of Warner Bros. studios. Warner, however, did not encourage his stepdaughter's interest in acting.  
<Digital_Mars>	Digital Mars is a small American software company owned by Walter Bright and based in Vienna, Virginia, that makes C, C++ and D compilers, and associated utilities such as an integrated development environment (IDE) for Windows and DOS, which Digital Mars terms an integrated development and debugging environment (IDDE). They also distribute the compilers for free on their web site.Over time, the names of these products have changed. The C compiler was first named Datalight C compiler, then Zorland C, then Zortech C, and now [since when?][citation needed] Digital Mars C/C++ compiler. The C++ compiler was first named Zortech C++ (the first commercial C++ compiler for Windows), then Symantec C++, and now Digital Mars C++ (DMC++).The company has gained notice in the software development community for the D programming language, which was developed in-house and a result of Bright's frustration with the direction of the C++ language and his experience implementing it.[citation needed]
<Inside_the_Actors_Studio>	Inside the Actors Studio is an American talk show that airs on Ovation. The series premiered in 1994 on Bravo where it aired for 22 seasons and was hosted by James Lipton from its premiere until 2018. It is taped at the Michael Schimmel Center for the Arts at Pace University's New York City campus.On April 2, 2019, it was announced that the show would move to Ovation with the 23rd season premiering on October 13, 2019. Along with producing a new season, Ovation acquired the rights to all previous seasons. With the new format, the show now uses a rotating panel of hosts.
<SundanceTV>	Sundance TV (formerly known as Sundance Channel) is an American pay television channel owned by AMC Networks that launched on February 1, 1996. The channel is named after Robert Redford's character in Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid and, while it is an extension of Redford's non-profit Sundance Institute, the channel operates independently of both the Institute and the Sundance Film Festival.Originally, Sundance was devoted to airing documentaries, independent feature films, short films, world cinema, and coverage on the latest developments from each year's Sundance Film Festival. The channel has since incorporated both original and acquired programming and became fully ad-supported in 2013, with programming being edited for content soon thereafter.
<Harshad_Trivedi>	Harshad Trivedi (born 17 July 1958) is a Gujarati language poet, short story writer, critic and editor from Gujarat, India. He was an editor of Shabdasrishti, an organ of Gujarat Sahitya Akademi, from 1995 to 2015. Trivedi has served in different positions at several Gujarati literary institutions.Trivedi was born in Kherali, a village in the Surendranagar district, to Amrutlal and Shashikala. His father was a poet. Trivedi completed his school education at Sheth N.T.M. High School in Surendranagar. Trivedi received his Bachelor of Arts and Master of Arts degrees from Saurashtra University with a concentration in Gujarati literature. In 1991, Trivedi married Bindu Bhatt, a Gujarati author.Trivedi started his career as a research assistant at an editorial section of Gujarati Sahitya Kosh, published by Gujarati Sahitya Parishad, where he worked from 1981 to 1984. In 1984, he joined Gujarat Sahitya Akademi as a proof reader and worked there for a decade until 1994. He became editor of Shabdasrishti, an organ of Gujarat Sahitya Akademi, in 1995 where he served for another decade. At Shabdasrishti he also worked as a registrar from 2010 to 2015. Trivedi was selected as a member of the Central Committee of Gujarati Sahitya Parishad in 1988 and as a member of the Working Committee of Parishad in 1994. From 2002 to 2006, he served as secretary of the Parishad. Trivedi was one of the members of the Working Committee of Vali Gujarati Gazal Kendra starting in 2005. From 2008 to 2012, he served in the Advisory Committee for Gujarati language at Sahitya Akademi. In 2013, he was elected to the Advisory Committee for Gujarati Language at the National Book Trust. Many of Trivedi's works have been translated to English, Hindi, Marathi, and Sindhi. His poems and stories are published in several Gujarati literary magazines including Gazalvishwa, Shabdasrishti, Tadarthya, Shabdasar, Navneet Samarpan, Kumar, Kavilok, Etad, Samipe, and Kavita.
<Plymouth_Argyle_F.C.>	Plymouth Argyle Football Club is a professional football club based in the city of Plymouth, Devon, England. As of the 2021–22 season, the team are competing in League One, the third tier of English football. They have played at Home Park, known as the "Theatre of Greens", since 1901. Argyle are one of two Devon clubs who compete in the Football League, the other being Exeter City F.C., Argyle's local rivals.The club takes its nickname, "The Pilgrims", from an English religious group that left Plymouth for the New World in 1620. The club crest features the Mayflower, the ship that carried the pilgrims to Massachusetts. The club has predominantly played in green and white throughout their history, with a few exceptions in the late 1960s and early 1970s when white was the colour of choice. A darker shade of green, described (by some) as Argyle green, was adopted in the 2001–02 season, and has been used ever since. The city of Plymouth is the largest in England fielding a League club to never to have hosted top-flight football. They are the most southerly and westerly League club in England and the only professional club named Argyle.
<Princeton_Club_(Philadelphia)>	The Princeton Club is a pair of historic buildings located at 1221 and 1223 Locust Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The building at 1223 was designed by architect Frank Furness; the building at 1221 is believed to have been partly designed by architect Lindley Johnson. From about 1910 through the 1970s, the buildings housed the Princeton Club of Philadelphia. Alterations were made by the club in 1915 and 1919 to join the buildings together.The Princeton Club of Philadelphia was founded in 1868, and was housed in five other buildings before moving to Locust Street.  According to its 1912 Yearbook, the club served  "to foster good fellowship among Princeton men; and also to provide a suitable place for Alumni meetings, smokers, etc."The restaurant Deux Cheminées occupied the buildings from 1988 to 2007. The property is currently occupied by the restaurant Vedge.
<Rafael_van_der_Vaart>	Rafael Ferdinand van der Vaart (born 11 February 1983) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder, and is currently the assistant manager of Danish 2nd Division club Esbjerg fB.Van der Vaart began his career at Ajax's youth academy and worked his way into the first team, debuting as a 17-year-old. Known for his playmaking skills, he drew comparisons to Johan Cruyff. He was named Dutch Football Talent of the Year and became the first recipient of the Golden Boy Award while at the club. He moved to Bundesliga club Hamburger SV, then to Real Madrid, then on to Tottenham Hotspur before returning to Hamburg in 2012. In the latter stages of his career, Van der Vaart had brief spells playing in Spain and Denmark before announcing his retirement in 2018, and return in 2019 with a testimonial match.
<Barryville–Shohola_Bridge>	Coordinates: 41°28′33″N 74°54′46″W﻿ / ﻿41.47583°N 74.91278°W﻿ / 41.47583; -74.91278The Barryville–Shohola Bridge is the fifth generation of bridges constructed over the Delaware River at the communities of Shohola Township, Pennsylvania and Barryville, New York. The bridge serves both communities, with two major state legislative highways, Pennsylvania Traffic Route 434 and New York State Touring Route 55 (along with the co-designation of Sullivan County Route 11). The bridge itself is 812 feet (247 m) long and is 23 feet (7.0 m) wide, using four total spans across the river. It is maintained by the NY–PA Joint Interstate Bridge Commission, which is jointly owned by the states of New York and Pennsylvania.The area of the bridge itself dates as a ford for Native Americans, mostly the Lenni Lenapi, traveling between from the Wyoming valley and Delaware Valley and present-day Connecticut in the early 18th century; archaeologists date human habitation and use of the area to 10,900 BCE. The river at Shohola, which means "place of peace," widens perceptibly above the falls, allowing for a natural, shallow crossing.  By the early 19th century, a ferry facilitated crossing the river.  Due to the construction of the nearby Delaware and Hudson Canal in 1827, commerce and business boomed in the area.  In 1856, a bridge company, under the leadership of Chauncey Thomas, constructed a span between the two communities, but it was poorly designed and collapsed during a windstorm in 1859.  Thomas then constructed a suspension bridge, but its cables snapped in 1865.
<Margaret_McNamara>	Margaret Craig McNamara (August 22, 1915 – February 3, 1981) was the founder of the nonprofit children's literacy organization Reading is Fundamental and the wife of the United States Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara.McNamara was born on August 22, 1915 in Spokane, Washington, and grew up in Alameda, California.McNamara attended University of California, Berkeley, where she met Robert McNamara, whom she would marry on August 13, 1940. Her husband's appointment by President John F. Kennedy as U.S. Secretary of Defense led to their move to Washington, D.C. Her experiences while tutoring three children in the District led to the formation of Reading Is Fundamental (RIF), a nonprofit children's literacy organization dedicated to making reading a fun and beneficial part of everyday life. It is the largest literacy program in the country.
<Michael_Angelis>	Nicolas Michael Angelis (29 April 1944 – 30 May 2020) was an English actor. He was best known for his television roles as Chrissie Todd in Boys from the Blackstuff, Martin Niarchos in G.B.H. and as a UK narrator of the British children's series Thomas & Friends from 1991 to 2012, as well as several other products and media related to the franchise.
<Sheraton_Mexico_City_Maria_Isabel_Hotel>	The Sheraton Mexico City Maria Isabel Hotel is a business hotel operated by Sheraton Hotels and Resorts and located on Paseo de la Reforma in the Zona Rosa business and shopping district just across from El Ángel de la Independencia in Mexico City.The Maria Isabel Hotel was built in 1962 by Bolivian tycoon Antenor Patiño. He named the hotel for his late daughter, Maria Isabel Patiño de Goldsmith, who died in 1954, at the age of 17, from complications in the seventh month of pregnancy, after eloping with 20-year-old British heir James Goldsmith. The hotel was designed by renowned Mexican architect Juan Sordo Madaleno, working with architects José Villagrán García, Ricardo Legorreta, and José Adolfo Wiechers. In April 1963 the Maria Isabel was taken over by Mexican hotel magnate Cesar Balsa's Balsa Hotels. In November 1963, Balsa Hotels became represented by Sheraton Hotels in the US.In 1969 the Maria Isabel was sold to Sheraton. They renamed it the Maria Isabel-Sheraton Hotel and added a new rear tower, designed by Mexican architect Manuel De Santiago-de Borbón González Bravo (great-grandson of Queen Isabella II of Spain), increasing the number of rooms from 502 to 747. The hotel was later renamed the Sheraton Maria Isabel Hotel and Towers.
<Hicri_Fişek>	Hicri Fişek (22 September 1918 – 26 February 2002) was a Turkish professor of international law.He founded the "Tevfik Fikret" high-school in Ankara (1964). He received the French Légion d'Honneur (Chevalier 1964; Officier 1975). Doctor honoris causa, University of Strasbourg 1974.
<Geyserland_FM>	Geyserland FM was a radio station in Rotorua, New Zealand.The station was originally started in 1959 by Radio New Zealand (which at the time was known as the National Broadcasting Service) on 1350AM, the station was originally branded as its callsign 1ZC.
<Marlies_Deneke>	Marlies Deneke (born Marlies Kilian:  23 December 1953) is a German politician (SED / PDS).She sat as a member of the East German national parliament (Volkskammer) between March and October 1990, and then of the post-reunification Bundestag.   During and after the final months of the German Democratic Republic she was a member of the party leadership team trying to navigate the transformation of the Socialist Unity Party (Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands/ SED) from a position of dominance in the East German one-party state to its new role as the Party of Democratic Socialism (Partei des Demokratischen Sozialismus / PDS), an alternative left wing grouping operating in the multi-party context of a newly reunified Germany.Marlies Kilian was born into a working-class family in Magdeburg. She attended secondary school between 1960 and 1970, like most contemporaries becoming a member, in 1967, of the Free German Youth (Freie Deutsche Jugend / FDJ) organisation, which was in effect the youth wing of the ruling SED (party).   She joined the Trades Union Federation (Freier Deutscher Gewerkschaftsbund / FDGB) in 1970, undertaking an apprenticeship in merchandising between 1970 and 1972.   She then took a job locally with the East German Trade Organisation (Handelsorganisation) which was concerned with the provision of daily necessities in Magdeburg. She was promoted to the position of "Deputy Operations Director" ("stellvertretende Betriebsdirektorin") in 1977.   In 1979 she became a member of the ruling SED.
<Republican_Party_(United_States)>	The Republican Party, also referred to as the GOP ("Grand Old Party"), is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the United States. The GOP was founded in 1854 by anti-slavery activists who opposed the Kansas–Nebraska Act, which allowed for the potential expansion of chattel slavery into the western territories. Since Ronald Reagan's presidency in the 1980s, conservatism has been the dominant ideology of the GOP. It has been the main political rival of the Democratic Party since the mid-1850s.The Republican Party's intellectual predecessor is considered to be Northern members of the Whig Party, with Republican presidents Abraham Lincoln, Rutherford B. Hayes, Chester A. Arthur, and Benjamin Harrison all being Whigs before switching to the party, from which they were elected. The collapse of the Whigs, which had previously been one of the two major parties in the country, strengthened the party's electoral success. Upon its founding, it supported classical liberalism and economic reform while opposing the expansion of slavery.
<Cassius_Marcellus_Clay_(politician)>	Cassius Marcellus Clay (October 19, 1810 – July 22, 1903), nicknamed the "Lion of White Hall", was a Kentucky planter, politician and emancipationist who worked for the abolition of slavery.  A founding member of the Republican Party in Kentucky, he was appointed by President Abraham Lincoln as the U.S. minister to Russia. Clay is credited with gaining Russian support for the Union during the American Civil War.Cassius Marcellus Clay was born to Sally Lewis and Green Clay, one of the wealthiest planters and slave owners in Kentucky, who became a prominent politician.  He was one of six children who survived to adulthood, of seven born.
<R._J._B._Bosworth>	Richard James Boon Bosworth FAHA, FASSA (7 December 1943) is an Australian historian and author, and a leading expert on Benito Mussolini and Fascist Italy, having written extensively on both topics.Bosworth received his bachelor's and master's degrees from the University of Sydney, before going on to doctoral study at St John's College, Cambridge. He held various teaching positions at the University of Sydney, the University of Western Australia and the University of Reading. He has also held various fellowships, including fellow of the Academy of the Social Sciences in Australia, fellow of the Australian Academy of the Humanities, research fellow in the Humanities Research Centre of Australian National University and senior research fellow in history at Jesus College, Oxford.
<Cinderella_(Ashton)>	This version of the Cinderella ballet, using Sergei Prokofiev's Cinderella music and re-choreographed by Frederick Ashton, is a comic ballet.Ashton's Cinderella is his own realised dream of a Petipa ballet and the ballet itself enacts the realisation of dreams, notably Cinderella's own. When we first see her she is a demi-caractere dancer dreaming of being a ballerina—that seems to be the balletic point of her solo with the broomstick in the kitchen—and it is as a ballerina that she magically enters the ballroom, stepping en pointe down the stairs and advancing in pas de bourree to the front of the stage. Back in the kitchen she recalls the slipper (or rather the pointe shoe) that she carries in her apron; the shoe is the clue to her dream and persuades her it was true. The Prince finds Cinderella, but in his arms she discovers her own identity as a ballerina and her dream of herself has been realised. Cinderella's mice design the gown.
<Pnin>	Pnin (Russian pronunciation: [pnʲin]) is Vladimir Nabokov's 13th novel and his fourth written in English; it was published in 1957. The success of Pnin in the United States launched Nabokov's career into literary prominence. Its eponymous protagonist, Timofey Pavlovich Pnin, is a Russian-born assistant professor in his 50s living in the United States, whose character is believed to be based partially on the life of both Nabokov's colleague Marc Szeftel as well as on Nabokov himself.  Exiled by the Russian Revolution and what he calls the "Hitler war", Pnin teaches Russian at the fictional Waindell College, loosely inspired by Cornell University and Wellesley College—places where Nabokov himself taught.Timofey Pavlovich Pnin, the title character, is a professor of Russian at Waindell College; "ideally bald" with a "strong man torso," "spindly legs," and "feminine feet". Pnin is on a train from Waindell to Cremona, where he is to give a guest lecture. He is persistently bothered by the fear that he may lose his lecture papers, or mix them up with the student essay he is correcting. He discovers he has boarded the wrong train and gets off. When he tries to board a bus to Cremona, he suddenly realizes he has lost his luggage (with his papers) and has a seizure. He finally arrives at Cremona by truck, having recovered his papers, and is about to give his lecture when he experiences a vision, seeing his dead parents and friends from before the Russian Revolution in the audience. The chapter ends without revealing whether Pnin has the correct papers.Laurence Clements, a fellow Waindell faculty member, and his wife Joan, are looking for a new lodger after their daughter Isabel has married and moved out. Pnin is the new tenant, informed of the vacancy by Waindell's librarian, Mrs. Thayer. The Clementses grow to enjoy Pnin's eccentricities and his idiosyncratic phrasings. There follows the history of Pnin's relationship with his ex-wife Dr. Liza Wind, who manipulated him into bringing her to America so that she could leave him for fellow psychologist Eric Wind. Liza visits Pnin, but only wants to extract money from him for her son, Victor. Although Pnin is aware of her nature, he obliges out of love for her. After she leaves, Pnin weeps at her cruelty, shouting "I haf nofing left, nofing, nofing!"
<Granada_plc>	Granada plc (previously called Granada Ltd, Granada Group plc, and Granada Media plc) was a British conglomerate best known as the parent from 1954 to 2004 of the Manchester-based Granada Television.The company merged with Carlton Communications in 2004 to become ITV plc. It was once a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
<Alfred_Cross>	Alfred William Stephens Cross (1858–1932) was a British architect.From 1889 to 1899 he was in partnership with Henry Spalding as Spalding and Cross, taking part in many competitions for building design. Cross and his son (Kenneth Mervyn Baskerville Cross, 1890–1968) became specialised in designs for public baths.
<Marshall_Berman>	Marshall Howard Berman (November 23, 1940–September 11, 2013) was an American philosopher and Marxist humanist writer. He was a Distinguished Professor of Political Science at The City College of New York and at the Graduate Center of the City University of New York, teaching political philosophy and urbanism.Marshall Berman was born in New York City on November 24, 1940, and spent his childhood in Tremont, then a predominately Jewish neighborhood of the South Bronx. His parents Betty and Murray Berman (both children of Jewish Eastern European immigrants) owned the Betmar Tag and Label Company. His father died of a heart attack at age 48 in the autumn of 1955, shortly after the family had moved to the Kingsbridge neighborhood of the Bronx. Berman attended the Bronx High School of Science, and was an alumnus of Columbia University, receiving a Bachelor of Letters at the University of Oxford where he was a student of Sir Isaiah Berlin. Berman completed his Doctor of Philosophy degree at Harvard University in 1968. He began working at City College in 1968 where he taught until his death. He was on the editorial board of Dissent and a regular contributor to The Nation, The New York Times Book Review, Bennington Review, New Left Review, New Politics and the Voice Literary Supplement.In Adventures in Marxism, Berman tells of how, while a Columbia University student in 1959, the chance discovery of Karl Marx's Economic and Philosophic Manuscripts of 1844 proved a revelation and inspiration, and became the foundation for all his future work. This personal tone pervades his work, linking historical trends with individual observations and inflections from a particular situation. Berman is best known for his book All That Is Solid Melts into Air. Some of his other books include The Politics of Authenticity, Adventures in Marxism, On the Town: A Hundred Years of Spectacle in Times Square (2006). His final publication was the "Introduction" to the Penguin Classics edition of The Communist Manifesto. Also in the 2000s, Berman co-edited (with Brian Berger) an anthology, New York Calling: From Blackout To Bloomberg, for which he wrote the introductory essay. Berman also was a participant in Ric Burns' landmark eight-part documentary titled New York.
<William_Smith_(South_Carolina_senator)>	William Smith (ca. 1762 – June 26, 1840) was an American politician from the state of South Carolina. He served two terms as a Senator in the United States Senate, the first from 1816 to 1823 and the second from 1826 to 1831. During his life Smith was one of the most prominent political leaders in the state of South Carolina. He formed an intense rivalry with John C. Calhoun, arguing against Calhoun's nationalist views, and advocating for states' rights.Smith was born in 1762 in either North Carolina or York County, South Carolina. Not much is known about his early life outside of his education. He first attended a school named Bullock's Creek, where he befriended classmates Andrew Jackson and William H. Crawford. Then, he attended Mt. Zion College in Winnsboro, South Carolina, which was the first preparatory school in the region. He once stated to a friend stated that his life could be described as "wild, reckless, intemperate, rude and boisterous, yet resolute and determined." To that same friend he also credited all of his success to a promise he once made to his wife, Margaret Duff, to forego alcohol.Smith's law career began on January 6, 1784 when he was admitted to the bar. In one notable case, his client who had been charged for killing a horse failed to appear before the court. Smith did not see the man for a number of years until he ran into him in the Hall of the House of Representatives. The man, known to Smith by the surname "Elchinor", now went by the name John Alexander and was a Representative for the state of Ohio. Smith ensured that Representative Alexander paid him for his previous services.
<Forrest_S._Petersen>	Forrest Silas Petersen (May 16, 1922 – December 8, 1990), (VADM, USN), was a United States Navy aviator and test pilot.  He was one of twelve pilots who flew the North American X-15, an experimental spaceplane jointly operated by the Air Force and NASA.Born May 16, 1922, in Holdrege, Nebraska, he was the son of Elmer and Stella Petersen, and was raised in Gibbon, Nebraska. He graduated from Gibbon High School in 1939. Prior to his admission to the United States Naval Academy, he attended the University of Nebraska for two years.He graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy in 1944 with a Naval Science degree. He was commissioned as an ensign and reported to the destroyer USS Caperton. While serving aboard USS Caperton, he participated in campaigns in the Philippines, Formosa and Okinawa. After graduation from flight training in 1947, he was assigned to Fighting Squadron Twenty Able which was later redesignated Fighter Squadron 192.
<Dickie_Moore_(actor)>	John Richard Moore Jr. (September 12, 1925 – September 7, 2015) was an American actor known professionally as Dickie Moore, he was one of the last surviving actors to have appeared in silent film. A busy and popular actor during his childhood and youth, he appeared in over 100 films until the 1950s. Among his most notable appearances were the Our Gang series and films such as Oliver Twist, Blonde Venus, Sergeant York and Out of the Past.Moore was born in Los Angeles, California, the son of Nora Eileen (Orr) and John Richard Moore Sr., a banker. His mother was Irish, and his paternal grandparents were from England and Ireland.He made his film debut in 1927 in the silent film The Beloved Rogue, where he portrayed silent film star John Barrymore's character as a one-year-old baby. At the time of his death, Moore was one of the last surviving actors to have appeared in silent film. He quickly gained notable supporting roles. He had a significant role as Marlene Dietrich's son in Josef von Sternberg's drama Blonde Venus (1932). He also appeared with Barbara Stanwyck in So Big (1932), with Walter Huston in Gabriel Over the White House (1933) and with Spencer Tracy in Man's Castle (1933).
<Greg_Mullavey>	Greg Mullavey (born Gregory Thomas Mulleavy Jr., September 10, 1939) is an American film and television actor who has had roles as Tom Hartman in the television series Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman and Carly's grandfather in iCarly. He has appeared on and off Broadway, and continues to act on  stage, having appeared in over a hundred theatre productions across North America.Mullavey was born in Buffalo, New York, and changed the spelling of his surname from Mulleavy so as to distinguish himself from his father, who had the same name. He appeared on television series including Storefront Lawyers, Blue Light, The Rockford Files, M*A*S*H, All in the Family, Bonanza, Family, Combat!, The Virginian, and Hawaii Five-O. He played Eddie Gallagher on Rituals, as well as Carly and Spencer's grandfather on iCarly.  Mullavey played Tom Hartman on the iconic 1970's comedy Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman, and Mule Canby in the TV miniseries Centennial. He played Biff in the Tales from the Darkside episode (2/12) "Monsters in my Room" (1985). His movie credits include Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice (1969), C.C. and Company (1970), Raid on Rommel (1971), The Birdmen (1971), The Love Machine (1971), The Christian Licorice Store (1971), I Dismember Mama (1972), Stand Up and Be Counted (1972), The Single Girls (1974), The Disappearance of Flight 412 (1974), The Hindenburg (1975, as Herbert Morrison), and The Census Taker (1984).[citation needed]
<The_Aboriginal_Port_Folio>	The Aboriginal Portfolio is an early 19th-century book of  hand-colored lithographs of chiefs of Native American tribes. It represents the first important pictorial representation of Native American life.It was published in  Philadelphia in 1835-1836 by James Otto Lewis. Lewis, under commission from the Bureau of Indian Affairs, attended  Native American treaty ceremonies between 1825 and 1828 and drew pictures of the tribal chiefs attending those ceremonies. The majority of drawings were from  following treaty ceremonies:In addition to drawings of tribal chiefs, scenes of the Prairie du Chien and Butte des Morts treaty grounds were drawn, as well as a drawing of a Chippewa pipe dance and tomahawk dance.
<Inti_Creates>	Inti Creates Co., Ltd. (株式会社インティ・クリエイツ, Kabushiki gaisha Inti Kurieitsu) is a Japanese video game development company. Formed by ex-Capcom staff in May 1996, they are best known for developing games in the Mega Man series, namely the Mega Man Zero and Mega Man ZX series, and their flagship Azure Striker Gunvolt and Gal Gun franchises.It was formed by ten former members of Capcom with Takuya Aizu as the CEO. First starting in Chiba Prefecture, they expanded by opening a studio in Nagoya in 2008. First starting as a Limited liability company, they became a publicly traded company in 2003. As of 2018, they have approximately 100 staff members.They are best known as the developers of the Mega Man Zero and Mega Man ZX series.
<Kilmarnock_F.C.>	Kilmarnock Football Club, commonly known as Killie, is a Scottish professional football team based in the town of Kilmarnock, East Ayrshire. The team is currently managed by Derek McInnes, who was appointed in January 2022. The club has achieved several honours since its formation in 1869, most recently the 2011–12 Scottish League Cup after a 1–0 win over Celtic at Hampden Park and the Scottish Championship title in 2022.Kilmarnock Football Club is currently the oldest football club in the Scottish Premiership, and also the second-oldest professional club in Scotland. Home matches are played at Rugby Park, a 17,889 capacity all-seater stadium situated in the town itself. Kilmarnock took part in the first-ever official match in the Scottish Cup against the now-defunct Renton in 1873. The club have qualified for European competitions on nine occasions, their best performance coming in the 1966–67 Fairs Cup when they progressed to the semi-finals, eventually being eliminated by Leeds United. The club is also one of only a few Scottish clubs to have played in three European competitions (European Cup, Cup Winners' Cup and the UEFA Cup).
<Margaret_Burbidge>	Eleanor Margaret Burbidge, FRS (née Peachey; 12 August 1919 – 5 April 2020) was a British-American observational astronomer and astrophysicist. In the 1950s, she was one of the founders of stellar nucleosynthesis and was first author of the influential B2FH paper. During the 1960s and 70s she worked on galaxy rotation curves and quasars, discovering the most distant astronomical object then known. In the 1980s and 90s she helped develop and utilise the Faint Object Spectrograph on the Hubble Space Telescope. Burbidge was well known for her work opposing discrimination against women in astronomy.Burbidge held several leadership and administrative posts, including Director of the Royal Greenwich Observatory (1973–75), President of the American Astronomical Society (1976–78), and President of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (1983). Burbidge worked at the University of London Observatory, Yerkes Observatory of the University of Chicago, the Cavendish Laboratory of the University of Cambridge, the California Institute of Technology, and the University of California San Diego (UCSD). From 1979 to 1988 she was the first director of the Center for Astronomy and Space Sciences at UCSD, where she worked from 1962 until her retirement.
<Alan_T._Waterman_Award>	The Alan T. Waterman Award, named after Alan Tower Waterman, is the United States's highest honorary award for scientists no older than 40, or no more than 10 years past receipt of their Ph.D. It is awarded on a yearly basis by the National Science Foundation.  In addition to the medal, the awardee receives a grant of $1,000,000 to be used at the institution of their choice over a period of five years for advanced scientific research. Congress established the annual award in August 1975 to mark the 25th Anniversary of the National Science Foundation and to honor its first Director, Alan T. Waterman.  The annual award recognizes an outstanding young researcher in any field of science or engineering supported by the National Science Foundation.Candidates must be U.S. citizens or permanent residents. Prior to the 2018 competition, candidates must have been 35 years of age or younger or not more than 7 years beyond receipt of the Ph.D. degree by December 31 of the year in which they are nominated. As of the 2018 competition, these requirements were changed to 40 years of age or 10 years post-PhD. Candidates should have demonstrated exceptional individual achievements in scientific or engineering research of sufficient quality to place them at the forefront of their peers. Criteria include originality, innovation, and significant impact on the field.  Potential candidates must be nominated and require four letters of reference, but none can be submitted from the nominee’s home institution.  Solicitation announcements are sent to universities and colleges, scientific, engineering and other professional societies and organizations, and members of the National Academy of Sciences and the National Academy of Engineering.
<H._Bruce_Franklin>	H. Bruce Franklin (born February 1934) is an American cultural historian and scholar. He is notable for receiving top awards for his lifetime scholarship in fields as diverse as American studies, science fiction, prison literature and marine ecology. He has written or edited twenty books and three hundred professional articles and participated in making four films. His main areas of academic focus are science fiction, prison literature, environmentalism, the Vietnam War and its aftermath, and American cultural history. He was instrumental in helping to debunk false public speculation that Vietnam was continuing to hold prisoners of war. He helped to establish science fiction writing as a genre worthy of serious academic study. In 2008, the American Studies Association awarded him the Pearson-Bode Prize for Lifetime Achievement in American Studies. A critic of the Vietnam War, he was fired from Stanford in 1972 for allegedly inciting to riot, and the termination brought nationwide attention to the issue of academic freedom. Since 1975, he is the John Cotton Dana Professor of English and American Studies at Rutgers University in Newark, New Jersey.Born in February 1934, Franklin held numerous jobs in Brooklyn while working his way through college. From 1951 to 1952, he was a batch worker at the Mayfair Photofinishing Company. In 1953, he was an upholsterer for the Carb Manufacturing Company, and was later promoted to foreman of the shipping department in 1954. He graduated from Amherst in 1955.
<Russell_Lloyd_(film_editor)>	Russell Lloyd (16 January 1916 – 21 January 2008) was a British film editor who amassed fifty credits on feature films. Lloyd had a notable collaboration with the director John Huston that extended over eleven films. Lloyd was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Film Editing for Huston's The Man Who Would Be King (1975).Lloyd's first film with Huston was Moby Dick (1956); Huston was so satisfied with Lloyd's initiative and editing that he subsequently entrusted post-production of the films he directed entirely to Lloyd. Tony Sloman has written, "Lloyd's remarkable relationship with Huston reached its apogee with The Man Who Would Be King (1975) in which the editor's and director's styles meshed seamlessly, for both were opposed to the then (and still) current trend for overcutting action sequences, and there is a tremendous moment of pure cinema when Sean Connery falls to his doom from a collapsing rope bridge in a single shot."
<John_Stillwell>	John Colin Stillwell (born 1942) is an Australian mathematician on the faculties of the University of San Francisco and Monash University.He was born in Melbourne, Australia and lived there until he went to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology for his doctorate.  He received his PhD from MIT in 1970, working under Hartley Rogers, Jr who had himself worked under Alonzo Church. From 1970 until 2001 he taught at Monash University back in Australia and in 2002 began teaching in San Francisco.
<Daylami>	Daylami (20 April 1994– 6 June 2016) was a Thoroughbred Champion racehorse and sire who was bred in Ireland, but trained in France, Dubai and the United Kingdom. In a career which lasted from 1996 and 1999, he raced in five different countries and won seven Group 1/Grade I races. His 1999 performances earned him the United States' Eclipse Award for Outstanding Male Turf Horse and the Cartier Racing Award for European Horse of the Year.Daylami, a "powerful" grey horse, standing 17 hands high, was bred in Ireland by his original owner, the Aga Khan, who also bred both of his parents.
<Barry_Marshall>	Barry James Marshall AC FRACP FRS FAA (born 30 September 1951) is an Australian physician, Nobel Prize Laureate in Physiology or Medicine, Professor of Clinical Microbiology and Co-Director of the Marshall Centre at the University of Western Australia. Marshall and Robin Warren showed that the bacterium Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori) plays a major role in causing many peptic ulcers, challenging decades of medical doctrine holding that ulcers were caused primarily by stress, spicy foods, and too much acid. This discovery has allowed for a breakthrough in understanding a causative link between Helicobacter pylori infection and stomach cancer.Marshall was born in Kalgoorlie, Western Australia and lived in Kalgoorlie and Carnarvon until moving to Perth at the age of eight. His father held various jobs, and his mother was a nurse. He is the eldest of four siblings. He attended Newman College for his secondary education and the University of Western Australia School of Medicine, where he received a Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery (MBBS) in 1974.  He married his wife Adrienne in 1972 and has four children.
<Louisville,_Kentucky>	Louisville (/ˈluːivɪl/ (listen) LOO-ee-vil, US: /ˈluːɪvɪl/ (listen) LOO-ə-vəl, locally /ˈlʊvɪl/ (listen) LUUV-əl) is the largest city in the Commonwealth of Kentucky and the 28th most-populous city in the United States. Louisville is the historical seat and, since 2003, the nominal seat of Jefferson County, on the Indiana border.Named after King Louis XVI of France, Louisville was founded in 1778 by George Rogers Clark, making it one of the oldest cities west of the Appalachians. With nearby Falls of the Ohio as the only major obstruction to river traffic between the upper Ohio River and the Gulf of Mexico, the settlement first grew as a portage site. It was the founding city of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad, which grew into a 6,000-mile (9,700 km) system across 13 states.
<Banca_Caripe>	Banca Caripe S.p.A. was an Italian saving bank based in Pescara, Abruzzo Region. There were 13 branches of the bank outside the Province of Pescara in Abruzzo and Marche regions, out of 48 total. In 2016 the bank was absorbed by the parent company Banca Popolare di Bari, but retaining as brand.Cassa di Risparmio e di Credito Agrario di Loreto Aprutino was found in Loreto Aprutino, Kingdom of Italy in 1871. In 1936 the bank was renamed into Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Pescara, con sede in Loreto Aprutino (later shorten to Cassa di Risparmio di Pescara e Loreto Aprutino).In 1992, due to Legge Amato, the bank was split into Cassa di Risparmio di Pescara e Loreto Aprutino S.p.A. (Società per Azioni; company limited by shares) as well as Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Pescara e di Loreto Aprutino (the banking foundation; later known as Fondazione Pescara Abruzzo). Cassa di Risparmio delle Provincie Lombarde (Cariplo) immediately acquired 20% shares of the limited company, as well as fellow saving banks of Abruzzo Region: Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Chieti and Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Teramo.
<Knuckles_the_Echidna>	Knuckles the Echidna (Japanese: ナックルズ・ザ・エキドゥナ, Hepburn: Nakkuruzu za Ekiduna) is a fictional character in Sega's Sonic the Hedgehog series. He is a red anthropomorphic short-beaked echidna who is Sonic's best friend and former rival. Determined and serious, but sometimes gullible, he has the ability to punch enemies with brute force by using his fists which will destroy the enemy in knuckles way. He serves as the guardian of the Master Emerald, a huge gemstone that controls the series' integral Chaos Emeralds, and is the last living member of his tribe, the Knuckles Clan.Knuckles debuted in Sonic the Hedgehog 3 (1994) after Doctor Eggman tricks him into opposing Sonic and Tails. He first became a playable protagonist in Sonic & Knuckles later that year; after initially opposing Sonic once again, he forms an alliance with him after learning of Doctor Eggman's trickery. Since then, he has appeared in dozens of playable and non-playable roles, as well as in several series of comic books, Western animated television, Japanese anime, the Sonic the Hedgehog 2 feature film and its upcoming sequel.One of the series' most popular characters, Knuckles has appeared in most games in the franchise, including those for the main series and spin-offs. His likeness has also frequently appeared in several pieces of Sonic the Hedgehog merchandise, and he has been the subject of multiple Internet memes.
<Jonathan_Franzen>	Jonathan Earl Franzen (born August 17, 1959) is an American novelist and essayist. His 2001 novel The Corrections, a sprawling, satirical family drama, drew widespread critical acclaim, earned Franzen a National Book Award, was a Pulitzer Prize for Fiction finalist, earned a James Tait Black Memorial Prize, and was shortlisted for the International Dublin Literary Award. His novel Freedom (2010) garnered similar praise and led to an appearance on the cover of Time magazine alongside the headline "Great American Novelist". Franzen's latest novel Crossroads was published in 2021, and is the first in a projected trilogy.Franzen has contributed to The New Yorker magazine since 1994. His 1996 Harper's essay "Perchance to Dream" bemoaned the state of contemporary literature. Oprah Winfrey's book club selection in 2001 of The Corrections led to a much publicized feud with the talk show host. In recent years, Franzen has become recognized for his opinions on everything from social networking services such as Twitter ("What happens to the people who want to communicate in depth, individual to individual, in the quiet and permanence of the printed word?"; "the actual substance of our daily lives is total electronic distraction") to the impermanence of e-books ("All the real things, the authentic things, the honest things, are dying off") and the self-destruction of America.
<Italian_Communist_Party>	The Italian Communist Party (Italian: Partito Comunista Italiano, PCI) was a communist political party in Italy.The PCI was founded as Communist Party of Italy on 21 January 1921 in Livorno by seceding from the Italian Socialist Party (PSI). Amadeo Bordiga, Antonio Gramsci, and Nicola Bombacci led the split. Outlawed during the Fascist regime, the party played a major role in the Italian resistance movement. It changed its name in 1943 to PCI and became the second largest political party of Italy after World War II, attracting the support of about a third of the vote share during the 1970s. At the time, it was the largest communist party in the West, with peak support reaching 2.3 million members, in 1947, and peak share being 34.4% of the vote (12.6 million votes) in the 1976 general election.
<Paul_Snider>	Paul Leslie Snider (April 15, 1951 – August 14, 1980) was a Canadian nightclub promoter and pimp who murdered his estranged wife, Playboy model and actress Dorothy Stratten. Following her murder, Snider killed himself.Snider was born in Vancouver. By the mid-1970s, he was a nightclub promoter and pimp. In 1977, he met Dorothy Stratten at a Vancouver-area Dairy Queen, where she was working part-time while still attending high school and groomed her to become a model as well as his lover. In 1979, Snider sent professionally taken nude photographs of Stratten to Playboy magazine and she was chosen as a Playmate for the month of August that year. Snider and Stratten moved to Los Angeles and married on June 1 in Las Vegas.
<Grorud_Station>	Grorud Station (Norwegian: Grorud stasjon) is a railway station on the Trunk Line located in the Grorud borough of Oslo, Norway. Situated 10.50 kilometers (6.52 mi) from Oslo Central Station, it consists of three tracks with a side platforms and an island platform. Grorud is served by the L1 line of the Norwegian State Railways's Oslo Commuter Rail.The station was opened on 1 September 1854 and is one of Norway's nine first stations. The original building, designed by Heinrich Ernst Schirmer and Wilhelm von Hanno, burned down in 1862. It was replaced by the current station in Swiss chalet style, which was completed in 1865.Grorud was selected as one of nine original station which was built for Norway's first railway, the Trunk Line. Grorud was selected both because it was at about half-way between Christiania and Lillestrøm Station, but also because it had many large farms and sawmills in its vicinity. Construction began in 1851. It opened on 1 September 1854, jointly as the oldest railway station in Norway. The station was named for the farm in the area. The original station building was designed by Heinrich Ernst Schirmer and Wilhelm von Hanno, in the same general design as the station at Frogner, Kløften and Dahl.
<Beijing_Enlight_Pictures>	Beijing Enlight Pictures Co., Ltd. is a Chinese film production company. In 2014, the company was the third largest film distributor in China, with 7.75% of the market. Beijing Enlight Pictures is a subsidiary of Beijing Enlight Media.In 2012, the low budgeted Lost in Thailand became a local hit of China. in 2015, the broadcasting rights of Hollywood Adventures, The Left Ear and Lost in Hong Kong were acquired by Star Chinese Movies.Including co-productions.
<Crédit_Agricole>	Crédit Agricole Group (French: [kʁedi aɡʁikɔl]), sometimes called La banque verte (English: The green bank) due to its historical ties to farming, is a French international banking group and the world's largest cooperative financial institution. It is France's second largest bank, after BNP Paribas, as well as the third largest in Europe and tenth largest in the world. It consists of a network of Crédit Agricole local banks, the 39 Crédit Agricole regional banks, and a central institute, the Crédit Agricole S.A.. It is listed through Crédit Agricole S.A., an intermediate holding company, on Euronext Paris' first market and is part of the CAC 40 stock market index. In August 2021, it reached the top of the CAC 40. Local banks of the group owned the regional banks, in turn the regional banks majority owned the S.A. via a holding company, in turn the S.A. owned part of the subsidiaries of the group, such as LCL, the Italian network and the CIB unit. It is considered a systemically important bank by the Financial Stability Board.It was the title sponsor of the Crédit Agricole professional road cycling team from 1998 to 2008.In the second half of the 19th century, French farmers struggled to obtain long-term, flexible, reasonably-priced credit. There were several attempts to set up farming banks, including Crédit Foncier de France in 1861, but none was successful.
<Neva_Patterson>	Neva Louise Patterson (February 10, 1920 – December 14, 2010) was an American actress.Born on a farm near Nevada, Iowa, Patterson was the daughter of mailman George Patterson and seamstress Marjorie Byers Patterson. After graduating from Nevada High School in 1937, she worked as a secretary in Des Moines before she moved to New York in 1938 and initially worked as a secretary there.Early in her career, Patterson acted on radio in Chicago and sang for dance bands.
<Domingo_Martinez_(author)>	Domingo Martinez is an American author best known for his memoirs The Boy Kings of Texas (published 2012) and My Heart Is a Drunken Compass (published 2014). The Boy Kings of Texas was a finalist in the non-fiction category in the 2012 National Book Award contest. These books describe his difficult childhood in Brownsville, Texas, as well as his later struggles as an adult. Martinez found writing these books cathartic and used the writing as a healing process to deal with his feelings and emotions.
<Sweden_national_under-21_football_team>	The Sweden national under-21 football team is the football team representing Sweden in competitions for under-21 year old players and is controlled by the Swedish Football Association. The Swedish U21 team came into existence, following the realignment of UEFA European Under-23 Championship, which changed to be an Under-21 competition in 1978.Sweden made their first European Under-21 Championship appearance in 1986. In 2015, Sweden became champions for the first time. They finished second in 1992 and they also reached the semi-finals in 1990 and 2009. Oscar Hiljemark is the most capped player for the Swedish U21 team, having played 37 caps between 2011 and 2015. Ola Toivonen and Carlos Strandberg are the best goalscorers for the Swedish U21 team, having scored 13 goals each.
<Bert_V._Royal>	Bert V. Royal Jr. (born October 14, 1977) is an American screenwriter, playwright, and former casting director.  He is best known as the writer of the play Dog Sees God: Confessions of a Teenage Blockhead, which premiered Off-Broadway in 2005, and the 2010 teen film Easy A.Royal grew up in Green Cove Springs, Florida. He did not attend high school, and instead was homeschooled. He later attended St. Johns River State College's Florida School of the Arts, where he majored in acting, but quit after two years because he felt he could not act.Royal moved from Florida to New York City at the age of 21 after receiving an internship at the Public Theater. He first worked in casting, where he was involved in the casting of Third Watch and Chappelle's Show, but quit after five years to become a writer. His first successful script was for Dog Sees God: Confessions of a Teenage Blockhead, a play centering on the Peanuts comic strip characters as teenagers. Royal submitted the script to the 2004 New York International Fringe Festival, where it won the award for Best Overall Production and was picked up by producer Dede Harris to become an Off-Broadway production, premiering in December 2005. Dog Sees God won the 2004 GLAAD Media Award for Best Off-Broadway Play and the 2006 HX Award for Best Off-Broadway Play, among other awards.
<Real_Murcia>	Real Murcia Club de Fútbol, S.A.D., commonly known as Real Murcia ([reˈal ˈmuɾθja], "Royal Murcia"), is a Spanish football club based in Murcia, in the Región de Murcia. Founded in 1919, it currently plays in Primera División RFEF – Group 2, playing home matches at Estadio Nueva Condomina, which holds 31,179 spectators.In domestic football, the club has won a record 8 Segunda División titles and 1 Spanish Royal Federation Cup.
<Jean_Ichbiah>	Jean David Ichbiah (25 March 1940 – 26 January 2007) was a French computer scientist and the initial chief designer (1977–1983) of Ada, a general-purpose, strongly typed programming language with certified validated compilers.Ichbiah was a descendant of Greek and Turkish Jews from Thessaloniki who emigrated to France.From 1972 to 1974, he worked on designing an experimental system implementation language called LIS, based on Pascal and Simula. (He had been chairman of the Simula User's Group.) He was also one of the founding members of IFIP WG 2.4 on Systems Implementation Languages.
<Newcastle_United_F.C.>	Newcastle United Football Club is an English professional football club, based in Newcastle upon Tyne, that plays in the Premier League – the top flight of English football. The club was founded in 1892 by the merger of Newcastle East End and Newcastle West End. The team play their home matches at St James' Park in the centre of Newcastle. Following the Taylor Report's requirement that all Premier League clubs have all-seater stadiums, the ground was modified in the mid-1990s and currently has a capacity of 52,305.The club has been a member of the Premier League for all but three years of the competition's history, spending 90 seasons in the top flight as of May 2022, and has never dropped below English football's second tier since joining the Football League in 1893. Newcastle have won four League titles, six FA Cups and a FA Charity Shield, as well as the 1968–69 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup and the 2006 UEFA Intertoto Cup, the ninth-highest total of trophies won by an English club. The club's most successful period was between 1904 and 1910, when they won an FA Cup and three of their League titles. Their last major domestic trophy was in 1955 (though their last major trophy was in 1969) and more recently the club have been League or FA Cup runners-up on four occasions in the 1990s. Newcastle was relegated in 2009, and again in 2016. The club won promotion at the first time of asking each time, returning to the Premier League, as Championship winners, in 2010 and 2017.
<David_Brian>	Brian James Davis (August 5, 1914 – July 15, 1993), better known as David Brian, was an American actor. He is best known for his role in Intruder in the Dust (1949), for which he received critical acclaim and a Golden Globe nomination. Brian's other notable film roles were in The Damned Don't Cry (1950), This Woman Is Dangerous (1952), Springfield Rifle (1952), Dawn at Socorro (1954), and The High and the Mighty (1954).On February 8, 1960, Brian was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 7021 Hollywood Boulevard.
<UDA_Gramenet>	Unión Deportiva Atlético Gramenet Milán is a Spanish football team based in Santa Coloma de Gramenet, in the autonomous community of Catalonia. Founded in 1945 it currently plays in Segona Catalana – Group 4, holding home games at Municipal de Sant Adrià in Sant Adrià de Besòs, with a capacity of 1,000.UDA Gramenet was founded in 1945, through the merger of three teams from Santa Coloma de Gramenet: FC Gramenet, UD Colomense and CF Baleares. The club first reached the national categories in 1956, and first promoted to the third division 37 years later.Gramenet finished three times in the top three in its first four seasons, but successively underachieved in the playoffs, against Real Jaén, Ourense and Sestao Sport Club (1993–94), Deportivo Alavés, Jaén and Las Palmas (1994–95) and Jaén, Lemona and Ourense (1996–97). In 1996 the club merged with C.D. Milán, who later became Gramenet B.
<Michael_Artin>	Michael Artin (German: [ˈaʁtiːn]; born 28 June 1934) is a German-American mathematician and a professor emeritus in the Massachusetts Institute of Technology mathematics department, known for his  contributions to algebraic geometry.Michael Artin or Artinian was born in Hamburg, Germany, and brought up in Indiana. His parents were Natalia Naumovna Jasny (Natascha) and Emil Artin, preeminent algebraist of the 20th century of Armenian descent. Artin's parents left Germany in 1937, because his mother's father was Jewish. His elder sister is Karin Tate, who was married to mathematician John Tate until the late 1980s.Artin did his undergraduate studies at Princeton University, receiving an A.B. in 1955; he then moved to Harvard University, where he received a Ph.D. in 1960 under the supervision of Oscar Zariski, defending a thesis about Enriques surfaces.
<Warren_Farrell>	Warren Thomas Farrell (born June 26, 1943) is an American political scientist, activist, and author of seven books on men's and women's issues.  He is a leading figure of the Men's Rights Movement.Farrell initially came to prominence in the 1970s as a supporter of second wave feminism; he served on the New York City Board of the National Organization for Women (NOW). Farrell advocates for "a gender liberation movement", with "both sexes walking a mile in each other’s moccasins".His books cover history, law, sociology and politics (The Myth of Male Power); couples' communication (Women Can't Hear What Men Don't Say, and Father and Child Reunion); economic and career issues (Why Men Earn More); child psychology and child custody (Father and Child Reunion); and teenage to adult psychology and socialization (Why Men Are The Way They Are, The Liberated Man and Does Feminism Discriminate Against Men). All of his books are related to men's and women's studies, including his March 2018 publication The Boy Crisis.
<Battleship_(horse)>	Battleship (1927–1958) was an American thoroughbred racehorse who is the only horse to have won both the American Grand National and the Grand National steeplechase races.Battleship was bred by owner Walter J. Salmon Sr. at his Mereworth Farm in Lexington, Kentucky. He was a "stocky chestnut" by Man o' War, and his dam, Quarantine, was by Sea Sick. He was a muscular but small horse who stood 15 hands 1 inch (1.55 m) high, leading him to be nicknamed the 'American Pony'.
<Jill_Craigie>	Jill Craigie (born Noreen Jean Craigie; 7 March 1911 – 13 December 1999) was a British documentary filmmaker, screenwriter and feminist. She was one of Britain's earliest female documentary makers. Her early films demonstrate Craigie's interest in socialist and feminist politics, but her career as a film-maker has been "somewhat eclipsed" by her marriage to the Labour Party leader Michael Foot (1913–2010), whom she met during the making of her film The Way We Live (1946).Born Noreen Jean Craigie to a Russian mother and a Scottish father in Fulham, London, Craigie began her career in film as an actress.
<Sega_Racing_Studio>	Sega Racing Studio (abbreviated as SRS; also known as Sega Driving Studio) was a computer and video game developer established in 2005 (based in Solihull, England) for the sole purpose of developing AAA Sega racing titles. The studio had radically expanded from a small group of people to a team of over 60 employees by the year 2007 drawing talent from other major British developers such as Rockstar Games, Rare, Codemasters, and Criterion Games.Its mission statement was to create driving games for the Western market while paying homage to Sega's legacy in the genre and developing new racing IPs.The development studio was aiming to become large enough to be able "to be a multi-sku, multi-game studio" and develop multiple titles at the same time. The team was called autonomous from Sega while still being part of the organization.
<Bobby_Dodd_Coach_of_the_Year_Award>	The Bobby Dodd Coach of the Year Award is an annual college football award given to the Division I Football Bowl Subdivision head coach whose team excels on the field, in the classroom, and in the community.  The award is named for Bobby Dodd, longtime head football coach at Georgia Tech and was established in 1976 to honor the values that Dodd exemplified.  Award recipients are chosen by a selection committee composed of college football experts and all previous recipients.  The recipient is announced during half-time of the Chick-fil-A Peach Bowl on December 30 in Atlanta. A formal presentation is held later, usually on the university campus of the recipient.Two coaches have won the award twice: Bill Snyder of Kansas State University, won in 1998 and again in 2012, and Joe Paterno of Penn State who received the award in 1981 and again in 2005. Eight schools have had two different coaches given the award: Alabama with Bill Curry in 1989 and Nick Saban in 2014,   Michigan with Bo Schembechler in 1977 and Lloyd Carr in 2007, Air Force with Ken Hatfield in 1983 and Fisher DeBerry in 1985, Georgia Tech with Bobby Ross in 1990 and George O'Leary in 2000, Northwestern with Gary Barnett in 1995 and Pat Fitzgerald in 2020, TCU with Jim Wacker in 1984 and Gary Patterson in 2009, and Duke with Fred Goldsmith in 1994 and David Cutcliffe in 2013.
<National_Labor_Party>	The National Labor Party was formed by Australian Prime Minister Billy Hughes in 1916, following the 1916 Labor split on the issue of World War I conscription in Australia. Hughes had taken over as leader of the Australian Labor Party and Prime Minister of Australia when anti-conscriptionist Andrew Fisher resigned in 1915. He formed the new party for himself and his followers after he was expelled from the ALP a month after the 1916 plebiscite on conscription in Australia. Hughes held a pro-conscription stance in relation to World War I.On 15 September 1916, the executive of the Political Labour League (the Labor Party organisation in New South Wales at the time) expelled Hughes from the Labor Party.
<St._Mary's_Church_(New_Haven,_Connecticut)>	St. Mary Parish is a Roman Catholic parish in New Haven, Connecticut, part of the  Archdiocese of Hartford. The Parish of St. Mary consists of two churches: St. Mary's Church on Hillhouse Avenue, and St. Joseph's Church in the East Rock section of New Haven.The parish now known as St. Mary's was the first Catholic church in New Haven, and is the second oldest Roman Catholic parish in Connecticut. The parish was originally established in 1832 and the present St. Mary church building is located near Yale University. It is part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Hartford. In 1882, Michael J. McGivney,  the church's assistant pastor, founded the Knights of Columbus at the parish.  McGivney, whose remains are interred within the church, was beatified by Pope Francis in 2020.  For 135 years, from 1886 until their departure in December 2021, St. Mary's parish had been run by friars of the Dominican Order. In 2021, priests from the archdiocese were assigned as part of major restructuring of parishes in New Haven. In 2018, the parish of St. Mary had previously merged with the nearby parish of St. Joseph as part of an earlier restructuring; both church buildings remain open for regularly schedule worship as part of the consolidated Saint Mary Parish.
<Walter_Pater>	Walter Horatio Pater (4 August 1839 – 30 July 1894) was an English essayist, art and literary critic, and fiction writer, regarded as one of the great stylists. His first and most often reprinted book, Studies in the History of the Renaissance (1873), revised as The Renaissance: Studies in Art and Poetry (1877), in which he outlined his approach to art and advocated an ideal of the intense inner life, was taken by many as a manifesto (whether stimulating or subversive) of Aestheticism.Born in Stepney in London's East End, Walter Pater was the second son of Richard Glode Pater, a physician who had moved to London in the early 19th century to practise medicine among the poor.  Dr Pater died while Walter was an infant and the family moved to Enfield. Walter attended Enfield Grammar School and was individually tutored by the headmaster.
<Jason_Cundy>	Jason Victor Cundy (born 12 November 1969) is an English former professional footballer and radio broadcaster for talkSPORT.As a player, he was a defender, who notably played in the Premier League for Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur. He also played in the Football League for Crystal Palace, Bristol City, Ipswich Town and Portsmouth. He was capped three times by England U21, scoring once.
<Rio_Ave_F.C.>	Rio Ave Futebol Clube, commonly known as Rio Ave ([ˈʁi.u ˈavɨ]), is a Portuguese professional football club based in Vila do Conde, that competes in the Primeira Liga. The club is named after the Ave River, which flows through the town and into the Atlantic Ocean.Founded in 1939, they play their home matches at Estádio do Rio Ave, also known as the Estádio dos Arcos. Built in 1985, the current stadium seats approximately 12,815 people.
<AS_Nancy>	Association Sportive Nancy Lorraine (French pronunciation: ​[asɔsjɑsjɔ̃ spɔʁtiv nɑ̃si lɔʁɛn]), commonly known as AS Nancy Lorraine, or simply Nancy, is a French association football club founded in 1967 in Nancy, Grand Est and located in Tomblaine, in the inner suburbs of Nancy. The club currently plays in Ligue 2, but will compete for the first time in the club’s history in the Championnat National in the 2022–23 season.The club was founded in 1967 by Maurice de Vienne under the name of Union sportive Frontière, then was later renamed Association sportive Lorraine in 1928. In 1967, following the collapse of FC Nancy, the club created a professional section and as such changed its name to become Association Sportive Nancy Lorraine. The club currently plays at the stade Marcel-Picot, a 20,000 seats capacity stadium located in the town of Tomblaine, where its head office is also located. The infrastructures of the training center are located within the forest of Haye business park, in Bois-de-Haye.
<Mary_Tyler_Moore>	Mary Tyler Moore (December 29, 1936 – January 25, 2017) was an American actress, producer, and social advocate. She is best known for her roles on The Dick Van Dyke Show (1961–1966) and The Mary Tyler Moore Show (1970–1977), which "helped define a new vision of American womanhood"  and "appealed to an audience facing the new trials of modern-day existence". Moore won seven Primetime Emmy Awards and three Golden Globe Awards. She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in Ordinary People. Moore is also known for her supporting role in the musical film Thoroughly Modern Millie. Moore was an advocate for animal rights, vegetarianism and diabetes prevention.Moore was born on December 29, 1936, in the Brooklyn Heights neighborhood in Brooklyn, New York City, New York, to Marjorie (née Hackett) and George Tyler Moore. He was a clerk. Her Irish-Catholic family lived in Brooklyn's Flatbush neighborhood. The Moores later lived in a rented apartment at 144-16 35th Avenue in Flushing, Queens, New York City. 
<Bhitarno_Shankhanaad>	Bhitarno Shankhanaad (Gujarati: ભીતરનો શંખનાદ) is a collection of Gujarati ghazals by Bhavesh Bhatt. It is published by Rannade Prakashan, Ahmedabad in January 2014. It is preceded by Chhe To Chhe. The preface of the book has written by Rajesh Vyas 'Miskin', Ankit Trivedi and Dr. Sharad Thaker.The book is consist of 112 ghazals. Most of the ghazals of the book have composed in an Arabic metres such as Ramal, Mutkarib, Mutdarik, Majharia and Khafif.Poet Bhavesh Bhatt was awarded the Shayda Award of 2014 for his works Chhe To Chhe (2008) and Bhitar No Shankhanaad. Some ghazals of this collection such as "Achanak Vahen Ma Badlaav Aave", "Aarti Utaarvani Emane Aadat Hati" And "Ek Pandadu Khare To Amne Farak Pade Chhe" are very popular in mushairas.
<Darren_Caskey>	Darren Mark Caskey (born 21 August 1974) is an English football coach and former professional footballer.As a player, he was a midfielder who notably played in the Premier League for Tottenham Hotspur. He also played in the Football League for Watford, Reading, Notts County, Bristol City, Peterborough United and Rushden & Diamonds, in the United States with Virginia Beach Mariners and in non-league football with Hornchurch, Kettering Town, Halesowen Town, Ilkeston Town and Gateshead. He was capped at England U18 and U19 level.
<Neil_Buchanan>	Neil Buchanan (born 11 October 1956) is a retired English television presenter, photographer, artist, and musician. He presented the CITV programme Art Attack, a television program that he co-created, during its original run from 1990 to 2007. He also presented Finders Keepers (1991–1996) and It's a Mystery (1996–2000), and produced and appeared in ZZZap! as Smart Arty (1993–1998).Buchanan was born in 1956 in Aintree, which was then in the county of Lancashire. He attended Barlows Lane primary school and Liverpool Institute High School, now the Paul McCartney-sponsored Liverpool Institute of Performing Arts.
<Mahanagar_Telephone_Nigam>	Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Limited (MTNL) (d/b/a MTNL) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited which is in turn under the ownership of Department of Telecommunications, Ministry of Communications, Government of India. Headquartered in New Delhi, India. MTNL Provides services in the metro cities of Mumbai and New Delhi in India and in the island nation of Mauritius in Africa. It had a monopoly in Mumbai and New Delhi until 1992, when the telecom sector was opened to other service providers. "Transparency makes us different" is its motto. The Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited currently holds 100% of its stock. . As of June 2021[update], it has 3.28 million subscribers. It is also a wholly owned subsidiary of a central public sector unit.It has its name derived from Hindi: mahanagar meaning "metropolis" (maha "big", nagar "city") and nigam meaning "corporation".
<Cincinnati>	Cincinnati (/ˌsɪnsɪˈnæti/ SIN-si-NAT-ee) is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio and the county seat of Hamilton County. Settled in 1788, the city is located at the northern side of the confluence of the Licking and Ohio rivers, the latter of which marks the state line with Kentucky. The city is the economic and cultural hub of the Cincinnati metropolitan area. With an estimated population of 2,256,884, it is Ohio's largest metropolitan area and the nation's 30th-largest, and with a city population of 309,317, Cincinnati is the third-largest city in Ohio and 64th in the United States. Throughout much of the 19th century, it was among the top 10 U.S. cities by population, surpassed only by New Orleans and the older, established settlements of the United States eastern seaboard, as well as being the sixth-most populous city from 1840 until 1860.As a rivertown crossroads at the junction of the North, South, East, and West, Cincinnati developed with fewer immigrants and less influence from Europe than East Coast cities in the same period. However, it received a significant number of German-speaking immigrants, who founded many of the city's cultural institutions. By the end of the 19th century, with the shift from steamboats to railroads drawing off freight shipping, trade patterns had altered and Cincinnati's growth slowed considerably. The city was surpassed in population by other inland cities, particularly Chicago, which developed based on strong commodity exploitation, economics, and the railroads, and St. Louis, which for decades after the Civil War served as the gateway to westward migration.
<Vadims_Gospodars>	Vadims Gospodars (born 25 December 1983) is a Ukrainian-born Latvian former football midfielder. He started his club career in 2000. Gospodars has been awarded with several honours since his debut, including the Latvian cup and the Armenian Supercup.Being born in Ukraine, Vadims Gospodars moved to Latvia as a child and started playing football at Skonto FC academy. He was taken to the first team in 2000, but in a period of three seasons only made 1 appearance for the club. In 2003 Gospodars moved to the Russian First Division club Lada Togliatti. Playing regularly, he could not help the team avoid relegation to the Russian Second Division and left the club at the start of 2004. In 2005 Gospodars joined the newly founded Latvian Higher League club FK Venta. After the half of the season the club suffered a financial crisis, the first team players were let go and the season was finished in the last 8th position of the league table, playing with the youth squad. Afterwards, the club was dissolved and Gospodars moved to the Armenian Premier League club FC Mika at the start of 2006. He played a few matches in the first team but was mostly used in the reserves. In 2008 Gospodars moved back to the Latvian Higher League and signed a contract with FK Jūrmala, soon becoming a first team regular. He played there for one and a half seasons, moving to the Belarusian Premier League club FC Vitebsk in July 2009. He played 42 league matches and scored 1 goal till January 2011. Before the start of the 2011 Latvian Higher League season Gospodars joined FC Jūrmala. He scored 9 goals in 25 league matches during the season and became his team's second best scorer after the forward Vīts Rimkus, who scored 10 goals. Before the start of the 2012 season Gospodars moved to Daugava Rīga, where as one of the most experienced players he was elected to be the club's captain. Daugava finished the season in the 9th position of the table but managed to secure a place in the Higher League via promotion-relegation play-offs, winning the Latvian First League runners-up BFC Daugava 4-1 on aggregate. One goal in the play-offs was also scored by Gospodars. In March 2013 Gospodars moved to the Belarusian Premier League club Neman Grodno, but did not play a single match. In August 2013 he joined the Finnish Ykkönen club AC Kajaani.Gospodars was a member of Latvia U-17, Latvia U-19 and Latvia U-21 football teams, but has not played for the senior side yet.
<Allan_Jones_(actor)>	Allan Jones (October 14, 1907 – June 27, 1992) was an American actor and tenor.Jones is best remembered as the male romantic lead actor in the first two films in which the Marx Brothers starred for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, A Night at the Opera (1935) and A Day at the Races (1937), as well as the film musicals Show Boat (1936)  and The Firefly (1937), in which he introduced what became his signature song, "The Donkey Serenade".Jones was born in Old Forge, Pennsylvania, and raised in nearby Scranton, where he graduated from Central High School. His father and grandfather were Welsh coal miners, and he worked in coal mines early in his adult life. He left that occupation to study voice at New York University.
<Neverwas_(novel)>	Neverwas is the second novel in the Amber House Trilogy by American author Kelly Moore and her daughters Tucker Reed and Larkin Reed.  The book follows narrator Sarah Parsons, who discovers she has altered the course of history through the use of a psychic ability that has been passed down through the women living at the family's ancestral estate outside of Annapolis, Maryland.Neverwas is a young adult paranormal mystery novel set in a dystopian alternate history. The books setting is in a mid-twentieth century United States with an undefeated Confederacy to examine issues such as racism, sexism, and xenophobia.Picking up three months after Amber House left off, Sarah and her family relocate from the Pacific Northwestern nation of Astoria to live at Amber House with her aunt Maggie.  Unbeknownst to Sarah, her actions at the end of Amber House propelled her and her loved ones into an alternate reality:  North America is a collection of separate nations — including the American Confederation of States, which still struggles with segregation and sexism — and Nazis control all of Europe.
<Lapland_Calendar>	Lapland Calendar (Norwegian: Same Jakki) is a 1957 Norwegian documentary film directed by Per Høst. It was entered into the 1957 Cannes Film Festival.
<José_Alencar>	José Alencar Gomes da Silva (Portuguese pronunciation: [ʒuˈzɛ alẽˈkaʁ ˈɡõmiz dɐ ˈsiɫvɐ]; 17 October 1931 – 29 March 2011) was a Brazilian businessman, entrepreneur and politician who served as the 23rd vice president of Brazil from 1 January 2003 to 31 December 2010. In business from a young age, Alencar became a self-made multimillionaire as the chief executive of Coteminas, a leading textile manufacturer. In the 1990s, Alencar groomed his son to succeed him at the company.He opted to enter politics in his home state, Minas Gerais. Alencar had a business-oriented political platform, advocating market liberalization and deregulation of production. His expensive political campaigns received hefty funds from Coteminas. After a failed run in 1994 for governor of Minas Gerais, he won the election in 1998 as Senator representing his home state.
<Duel_(2004_film)>	Duel (Persian: دوئل) is a 2004 Iranian war drama film It was directed by Ahmad Reza Darvish, who was mostly known for films about the Iran–Iraq War. Duel was shot in roughly 11 months in various cities of Iran. The first screening was at the Fajr International Film Festival, in 2004, where it won 8 Crystal Simorgh Award. Also, it is the first Iranian Movie to use Dolby Digital Sound. It is one of the most expensive independent movies ever made in Iranian cinema history.Zeinal, an Iranian soldier who has been a prisoner of war for more than 20 years, returns only to see that he has been deemed a traitor. The story revolves around Zeinal and Eskanadar who both are looking for a chest containing several important documents.
<Leighlinbridge_Castle>	Coordinates: 52°44′09″N 6°58′41″W﻿ / ﻿52.7357°N 6.9781°W﻿ / 52.7357; -6.9781Leighlinbridge Castle, also called Black Castle, is in the village of Leighlinbridge, County Carlow, Ireland, on the River Barrow.The early castle was built c.1181 for the Normans. In the 1540s a Carmelite friary was converted into a new fort by Edward Bellingham. The remains of the castle are now dilapidated - a 50-foot-tall (15 m) broken castle tower and parts of one side of an enclosing wall are still extant.
<Jan_Murray>	Jan Murray (born Murray Janofsky; October 4, 1916 – July 2, 2006) was an American stand-up comedian, actor, and game-show host who originally made his name on the Borscht Belt and later was known for his frequent television appearances over several decades.Murray was born in the Bronx borough of New York City to Jewish parents. His interest in comedy began during his childhood, when he would often act out comedy routines he had seen at the local theatre for his bedridden mother.Murray began performing on the vaudeville stage at the age of 18. During the 1930s, he entertained at the "Borscht Belt" Catskills resorts popular with Jewish vacationers. In the 1940s and early 1950s, he became a Las Vegas marquee performer, including headlining at the Flamingo Hotel during its first year of operation.
<Renato_Dulbecco>	Renato Dulbecco (/dʌlˈbɛkoʊ/ dul-BEK-oh, Italian: [reˈnaːto dulˈbɛkko, -ˈbek-]; February 22, 1914 – February 19, 2012) was an Italian–American virologist who won the 1975 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his work on oncoviruses, which are viruses that can cause cancer when they infect animal cells. He studied at the University of Turin under Giuseppe Levi, along with fellow students Salvador Luria and Rita Levi-Montalcini, who also moved to the U.S. with him and won Nobel prizes. He was drafted into the Italian army in World War II, but later joined the resistance.Dulbecco was born in Catanzaro (Southern Italy), but spent his childhood and grew up in Liguria, in the coastal city Imperia. He graduated from high school at 16, then moved to the University of Turin. Despite a strong interest in mathematics and physics, he decided to study medicine. At only 22, he graduated in morbid anatomy and pathology under the supervision of professor Giuseppe Levi. During these years he met Salvador Luria and Rita Levi-Montalcini, whose friendship and encouragement would later bring him to the United States. In 1936 he was called up for military service as a medical officer, and later (1938) discharged. In 1940 Italy entered World War II and Dulbecco was recalled and sent to the front in France and Russia, where he was wounded. After hospitalization and the collapse of Fascism, he joined the resistance against the German occupation.After the war he resumed his work at Levi's laboratory, but soon he moved, together with Levi-Montalcini, to the U.S., where, at Indiana University, he worked with Salvador Luria on bacteriophages. In the summer of 1949 he moved to Caltech, joining Max Delbrück's group (see Phage group). In the early 1950s, on Delbruck's advice, Dulbecco visited the major centers of animal virus work in the US in order to discover a way to quantitatively assay animal viruses by a plaque technique, similar to the technique that had recently been developed for bacterial viruses.  Within less than a year, he worked out such a method for  Western equine encephalitis virus, which then opened up animal virology to quantitative work.  The technique was then used by Dulbecco and Vogt to study the biological properties of poliovirus.  These accomplishments led to Dubecco's appointment first to associate professor, and then to full professor at the California Institute of Technology.  There he started his studies about animal oncoviruses, especially of polyoma family. In the late 1950s, he took Howard Temin as a student, with whom, and together with David Baltimore, he would later share the 1975 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for "their discoveries concerning the interaction between tumour viruses and the genetic material of the cell."  Temin and Baltimore arrived at the discovery of reverse transcriptase simultaneously and independently from each other; although Dulbecco did not take direct part in either of their experiments, he had taught the two methods they used to make the discovery.
<Jacinto_Elá>	Pedro Jacinto Elá Eyene (born 2 May 1982), known as Elá, is an Equatoguinean retired footballer who played as a right winger.Born in Añisoc, Elá moved to Barcelona at the age of ten with his parents. He played most of his youth football with RCD Espanyol (five years), being selected to Spain's youth teams whilst with the club and also helping the reserves promote to Segunda División B in 2000; the following year, he won the Copa del Rey Juvenil with the juniors.
<Edward_Hagedorn>	Edward Solon Hagedorn (born October 12, 1946) is a Filipino politician and former Mayor of Puerto Princesa City. He was first elected mayor of Puerto Princesa in May 1992, when the city was still the capital and a component city of the island province of Palawan. In 2007, Puerto Princesa was declared a highly urbanized city and became independent of the province. He ran for senator in the 2013 election but lost.Hagedorn's leadership was directed towards establishing a harmony between the environment and development. The mayor was credited with establishing the City of Puerto Princesa as a model of eco-tourism for the country.Edward Solon Hagedorn was born in the municipality of Parañaque, then under Rizal Province on October 12, 1946, to Alexander Hagedorn and the former Gliceria Solon. He married Maria Elena Marcelo and the couple has two children, Eva Christie and Elroy John.
<Charlie_Taylor_(footballer,_born_1985)>	Charlie James Taylor (born 1 December 1985) is a professional footballer who was last attached to Billericay Town.Taylor started his career as a trainee with Charlton Athletic, Crystal Palace and Nottingham Forest, before dropping into non-League football. Taylor signed for Welling United before leaving in 2004 to join Hornchurch. He then had spells at Fisher Athletic, Margate and Dulwich Hamlet before joining Grays Athletic in 2009. He scored once in 11 games for Grays, away at Crawley Town in the 1–1 draw in the Conference National on 29 August.
<Endemol_UK>	Endemol Shine UK (branded as EndemolShine UK and formerly Endemol UK Ltd) is a British production company. Since 2020, the company has been a subsidiary of Banijay.Endemol Shine UK incorporates a number of production brands, including Artists Studio, Darlow Smithson Productions, House of Tomorrow, Initial, Remarkable Television (previously Brighter Pictures and Cheetah Television), Tiger Aspect, Tigress Productions, Zeppotron, and their digital divisions: Endemol Games and Endemol Digital Studio.
<María_Mercader>	María de la Asunción Mercader Forcada (Spanish: [maˈɾi.a meɾkaˈðeɾ]; 6 March 1918 – 26 January 2011) was a Spanish film actress who appeared in some forty films between 1923 and 1992. Julian Gorkin wrote that her cousin was born Montserrat in the family of Caridad Mercader, mother of Ramon Mercader who murdered Russian revolutionary Leon Trotsky in 1940, and during and after the WWII Montserrat who was very similar to Maria used her documents. She moved to Italy in 1939. She was the second wife of film director Vittorio De Sica.
<Michael_Punke>	Michael W. Punke (born December 7, 1964) is an American author, attorney, academic, and policy analyst. He is a former Deputy United States Trade Representative and U.S. Ambassador to the World Trade Organization in Geneva, Switzerland. In 2017, he became vice president for public policy at Amazon Web Services. As an author, Punke is best known for writing The Revenant: A Novel of Revenge (2002), which was adapted into film as The Revenant (2015), directed by Alejandro González Iñárritu, with a screenplay by Iñárritu and Mark L. Smith, and starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hardy.Punke was born and raised in Torrington, Wyoming, the son of Marilyn and Butch Punke, a high school biology teacher. He has a younger brother, Tim, and a sister, Amy. They engaged in various outdoor activities in the wilderness like fishing, hunting, hiking, shooting, and mountain biking. When he was a teenager, he also spent at least three summers working at the Fort Laramie National Historic Site as a "living history interpreter." He was also a debate team champion in high school, which he graduated early from to attend the University of Massachusetts Amherst, later transferring to George Washington University, where he graduated with a degree in International Affairs from the Elliott School of International Affairs. He later attended and received his Juris Doctor degree from Cornell Law School, where he focused on trade law, and was elected to become editor-in-chief of the Cornell International Law Journal.
<Karl_Beattie>	Karl Beattie is an English television director, producer and cameraman.  Beattie and wife Yvette Fielding co-own and run Antix Productions.Karl Beattie's documented life has references to him teaching martial arts within the US. In 2002, Karl Beattie and Yvette Fielding, established their own television production company, Antix Productions. Their first production was Most Haunted for the British TV channel Sky Living, along with a number of spin offs including Most Haunted Live!. In 2006 he created, produced and directed Ghosthunting With..., a paranormal show for ITV2 which features Yvette Fielding leading various celebrities around haunted locations.In 2008 Karl and Yvette Launched The Paranormal Channel later known as The Unexplained Channel which ran for 2 years.
<Spain_national_under-18_football_team>	The Spain national under-18 football team represents Spain in international football at this age level and is controlled by Royal Spanish Football Federation, the governing body for football in Spain.Note: Club(s) represents the permanent clubs during the player's time in the Under-18s.Note: Club(s) represents the permanent clubs during the player's time in the Under-18s.
<Debito_Arudou>	Debito Arudou (有道 出人, Arudō Debito, born David Christopher Schofill on 13 January 1965) is an American-born Japanese writer, blogger, and human rights activist.  He was born in the United States and became a naturalized Japanese citizen in 2000, renouncing his U.S. citizenship.Arudou was born David Christopher Schofill in California in 1965. He was raised in Geneva, New York, and became "David Christopher Aldwinckle" when his stepfather adopted him in the 1970s. He graduated from Cornell University in 1987, dedicating his senior year to studying Japanese after visiting his pen pal and future wife in Japan. Aldwinckle moved to Japan for one year where he taught English in Sapporo, Hokkaido, and later spent one year at the Japan Management Academy in Nagaoka, Niigata Prefecture, before returning to complete a Master's of Pacific International Affairs (MPIA) at the University of California, San Diego (UCSD).
<Joseph_Cortese>	Joseph Cortese (born February 22, 1948) is an American actor who had major roles in films such as Windows (1980), Evilspeak (1981) and Monsignor (1982).Cortese was born on February 22, 1948 in Paterson, New Jersey. He went to Midwestern College where he earned his BA in theatre. Cortese went to New York City and trained under Milton Katselas.Cortese has had major roles in films such as Windows (1980), Evilspeak (1981) and Monsignor (1982). His other film appearances include roles in Arizona Slim (1974), Jessi's Girls (1975), The Death Collector (1976), Deadly Illusion (1987), Ruby (1992), Illicit Dreams (1994), American History X (1998) and Against the Ropes (2004).
<Laila_Lalami>	Laila Lalami (Arabic: ليلى العلمي, born 1968) is a Moroccan-American novelist, essayist, and professor. After earning her Licence de lettres degree in Morocco, she received a fellowship to study in the United Kingdom (UK), where she earned an MA in linguistics.In 1992 Lalami moved to the United States, where she completed a PhD in linguistics at the University of Southern California. She began publishing her writing in 1996. Her first novel, composed of linked stories, was published in 2005. In 2015 she was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize in Fiction for her novel The Moor's Account (2014), about Estevanico, which received strong critical praise and won several other awards.Lalami was born in a working-class family in Rabat, Morocco. She spoke Moroccan Arabic at home, and learned Standard Arabic and French in elementary school. According to Lalami, all the children's books she read as a child were written in French, and she began to write her own stories in French. 
<Wintergirls>	Wintergirls (2009) is a realistic fiction novel by the American author Laurie Halse Anderson. The novel was published in 2009 by Viking. The story focuses on a girl, Lia Overbrook, who suffers from anorexia and self harm. Lia struggles to cope with her mental illness while balancing everything else going on in her life. Some months after a fall out with her best friend Cassie, Lia receives the news that she has died from bulimia. This complicates Lia's life even more and forces her to confront her own illness.Lia Overbrook, an 18-year-old girl, just found out that her ex-best friend Cassie has died. Cassie had called Lia 33 times the night of her death. However, Lia never answered the phone. Cassie was found in a hotel room, killed by her illness, bulimia. Lia, who has a history of anorexia, falls into a downward spiral of self-harm and calorie counting. To hide her illness from her family, Lia's obsessive and destructive behavior worsens and recovery seems impossible.Lia's relationship with her step-mother, Jennifer, is also complicated. But Jennifer's nine-year-old daughter and Lia's step-sister, Emma, is one of the only things that keep her feeling happy. Lia has been struggling with eating disorders for quite some time and none of the help she received has made much of a difference. Lia finds it difficult to get close to her father and step-mother because they previously brought her to a hospital to recover.
<Nokia>	Coordinates: 60°13′29″N 24°45′23″E﻿ / ﻿60.2247°N 24.7563°E﻿ / 60.2247; 24.7563Nokia Corporation (natively Nokia Oyj, referred to as Nokia) is a Finnish multinational telecommunications, information technology, and consumer electronics corporation, established in 1865. Nokia's main headquarters are in Espoo, Finland, in the greater Helsinki metropolitan area, but the company's actual roots are in the Tampere region of Pirkanmaa. In 2020, Nokia employed approximately 92,000 people across over 100 countries, did business in more than 130 countries, and reported annual revenues of around €23 billion. Nokia is a public limited company listed on the Helsinki Stock Exchange and New York Stock Exchange. It is the world's 415th-largest company measured by 2016 revenues according to the Fortune Global 500, having peaked at 85th place in 2009. It is a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index.The company has operated in various industries over the past 150 years. It was founded as a pulp mill and had long been associated with rubber and cables, but since the 1990s has focused on large-scale telecommunications infrastructure, technology development, and licensing. Nokia made significant contributions to the mobile telephony industry, assisting in the development of the GSM, 3G, and LTE standards. For a decade beginning in 1998, Nokia was the largest worldwide vendor of mobile phones and smartphones. In the later 2000s, however, Nokia suffered from a series of poor management decisions, and soon saw its share of the mobile phone market drop sharply.
<Slependen_Station>	Slependen Station (Norwegian: Slependen holdeplass) is a railway station on the Drammen Line located at Slependen in Bærum, Norway. Situated 15.82 kilometers (9.83 mi) from Oslo Central Station, it consists of an island platform and serves the L1 line of the Oslo Commuter Rail operated by the Norwegian State Railways. It had 900 daily passengers in 2008.The first station at Slependen was located 270 meters (890 ft) further west and opened on 11 September 1873, a year after the Drammen Line. It was variously known as Slæbenden and Slæbende until it took its present name in 1921. A new station building was erected in 1916 and demolished in 1960. With the doubling of the Drammen Line, Slependen was rebuilt 90 meters (300 ft) to the east, still on a curve, as an elevated station. This station was designed by Ina Backer. That station and the one to the east, Jong Station, were closed on 23 May 1993 and replaced by the current station, designed by Arne Henriksen.The Drammen Line through Slependen opened as a narrow gauge railway on 7 October 1872. The area was at first served by Sandvika Station, but the station, initially known as Slæbenden, was opened on 11 September 1873. A year later the name was changed to Slæbende, from April 1894 as Slæbenden and received its current name in April 1921. The original station was situated 15.15 kilometers (9.41 mi) from Oslo West Station. The second station, at the same location, opened in 1916. It was demolished in 1960.
<ChemChina>	China National Chemical Corporation, commonly known as ChemChina, is a Chinese state-owned chemical company in the product segments of agrochemicals, rubber products, chemical materials and specialty chemicals, industrial equipment, and petrochemical processing for the civilian and military sectors. As of 2020, it is ranked 164th among the Fortune Global 500 companies.ChemChina began as a small solvents factory called Bluestar Company (Chinese: 蓝星公司), founded by Ren Jianxin in 1984 with a 10,000-yuan loan. Ren created the ChemChina empire by taking control of over 100 troubled state-owned chemical factories across China, with the government retaining ownership. Meanwhile, he avoided laying off excess workers by shifting them to the company's Malan Noodle [zh] restaurant chain. He brought in consultants to professionalize the company's management, and it has become one of China's most dynamic state enterprises.In May 2004, after the State Council of the People's Republic of China approved a merger of companies formerly under the Ministry of Chemical Industry as the China National Chemical Corporation (ChemChina), Ren Jianxin became its CEO; in December 2014 he became the chairman of the board of directors.
<Boltzmann_Medal>	The Boltzmann Medal (or Boltzmann Award) is a prize awarded to physicists that obtain new results concerning statistical mechanics; it is named after the celebrated physicist Ludwig Boltzmann. The Boltzmann Medal is awarded once every three years by the Commission on Statistical Physics of the International Union of Pure and Applied Physics, during the STATPHYS conference.The award consists of a gilded medal; its front carries the inscription Ludwig Boltzmann, 1844–1906.All the winners are influential physicists or mathematicians whose contribution to statistical physics have been relevant in the past decades. Institution with multiple recipients are Sapienza University of Rome (3) and École Normale Supérieure, Cornell University, University of Cambridge and Princeton University (2).
<Federal_government_of_the_United_States>	 The federal government of the United States (U.S. federal government or U.S. government) is the national government of the United States, a federal republic located primarily in North America, composed of 50 states, a city within a federal district (the city of Washington in the District of Columbia, where most of the federal government is based), five major self-governing territories and several island possessions. The federal government, sometimes simply referred to as Washington, is composed of three distinct branches: legislative, executive, and judicial, whose powers are vested by the U.S. Constitution in the Congress, the president and the federal courts, respectively. The powers and duties of these branches are further defined by acts of Congress, including the creation of executive departments and courts inferior to the Supreme Court.
<Beaver_Stadium>	Former capacity:Beaver Stadium is an outdoor college football stadium on the campus of Pennsylvania State University in University Park, Pennsylvania. It has been home to the Penn State Nittany Lions of the Big Ten Conference since 1960, though some parts of the stadium date back to 1909. It was also the site of university commencements until 1984. The stadium, as well as its predecessors, is named after James A. Beaver (1837–1914), a governor of Pennsylvania (1887–91), president of the university's board of trustees, and native of nearby Millerstown. Officially, the stadium is part of the municipality known as College Township, Pennsylvania, although it has a University Park address.Beaver Stadium has an official seating capacity of 106,572, making it currently the second largest stadium in the Western Hemisphere and the fourth largest in the world. Its natural grass playing field is aligned northwest to southeast at an approximate elevation of 1,150 feet (350 m) above sea level.
<Louise_Siversen>	Louise Siversen (born 29 May 1958) is an Australian actress. She is known for her television roles, including Lou Kelly in Prisoner (1984–1986), Debbie in The Flying Doctors (1986–1990), and since 2012 as Heather Looby in House Husbands. She has also appeared on stage and in film.Born in Melbourne, Siversen began acting as a child after her parents sent her to dance and drama classes to help her overcome her shyness. Siversen began to enjoy acting and went on to perform with St Martins Youth Theatre, appearing in many productions.[failed verification] Siversen was to study law, but decided to stick with acting after attending a Career Day at university.
<Patrick_Le_Quément>	Patrick G. M. Le Quément (born 4 February 1945 in Marseille) is a retired French car designer, formerly chief designer of Renault.Born in France but brought up in the United Kingdom, Le Quément holds a BA Hons. degree in Product Design from Birmingham Institute of Art and Design, and an MBA from Danbury Park Management Centre.Le Quément joined Simca of France in 1966 after graduation, but left and set up his own design business which failed. He returned to England and joined Ford in 1968 as a designer.  Here his signature products included the Ford Cargo truck, and 1982's seminal Ford Sierra, ridiculed at the time for its jelly mould shape. The latter car was designed at Ford's engineering and research centre in Cologne-Merkenich, Germany. Promised promotion, he went to Detroit but returned to Europe in June 1985 when Carl Hahn, Chairman of the Volkswagen Group, invited him to set up a centre for Advance Design and Strategy.
<Vladislavs_Gabovs>	Vladislavs Gabovs (born 13 July 1987) is Latvian football right-back who plays for Salaspils and the Latvia national football team.As a youth player Gabovs played for Rīgas Futbola skola, being taken to Multibanka Rīga in 2003. With 15 matches, the youngster helped the team finish the season as the runners-up of the Latvian First League. At the beginning of 2004 Gabovs joined Auda Rīga, making his debut in the Latvian Higher League. In the top flight debut season with 20 matches and 1 goal, Gabovs saw Auda being relegated after finishing the season at the bottom of the table. Despite the club's relegation Gabovs found his way to stay in the top league by joining the newly established club Olimps Rīga in early 2005. He helped the newcomers finish 7th in the league table as well as reach the semi-finals of the Latvian Cup.At the beginning of 2006 Gabovs moved abroad, joining the Estonian Meistriliiga side TVMK Tallinn at the age of 19. During his first season in Tallinn Gabovs helped the club lift the Estonian Cup as well as the Estonian Supercup. In July 2006 he made his debut in the UEFA Champions League, coming on against the Icelandic club Fimleikafélag Hafnarfjarðar. In 2007 Gabovs became a bronze medalist of the Estonian championship together with TVMK.
<Italy_national_football_team>	The Italy national football team (Italian: Nazionale di calcio dell'Italia) has represented Italy in international football since its first match in 1910. The national team is controlled by the Italian Football Federation (FIGC), the governing body for football in Italy, which is a co-founder and member of UEFA. Italy's home matches are played at various stadiums throughout Italy, and its primary training ground and technical headquarters, Centro Tecnico Federale di Coverciano, is located in Florence. Italy are the reigning European champions, having won UEFA Euro 2020.Italy is one of the most successful national teams in the history of football and the World Cup, having won four titles (1934, 1938, 1982, 2006) and appearing in two other finals (1970, 1994), reaching a third place (1990) and a fourth place (1978). Italy also won two European Championships (1968, 2020), and appeared in two other finals of the tournament (2000, 2012). Italy's team also achieved a second place at the CONMEBOL–UEFA Cup of Champions in 2022, and a third place at the FIFA Confederations Cup in 2013 and at the UEFA Nations League in 2021. 
<Poets'_Prize>	The Poets' Prize is awarded annually for the best book of verse published by a living American poet two years prior to the award year. The $3000 annual prize is donated by a committee of about 20 American poets, who each nominate two books and who also serve as judges. The Nicholas Roerich Museum in New York City hosts the annual awards reception in May, which includes readings by the winner and finalists. The founders of the prize were Robert McDowell, Frederick Morgan, and Louis Simpson. The current co-chairs of the prize committee are Robert Archambeau and Marc Vincenz.Each year links to its corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
<Gavin_Gunning>	Gavin Jude Gunning (born 26 January 1991) is an Irish former footballer who is now a first-team coach at EFL League Two club Swindon Town. He has represented the Republic of Ireland at under-21 and youth team levels.He played Gaelic football and association football in his youth, before moving to England in February 2006 after being signed by Blackburn Rovers from Crumlin United. He never played a first-team game for Blackburn, though did have loan spells at Tranmere Rovers, Rotherham United, Bury, and Motherwell. He transferred to Dundee United in August 2011 and went on to be named on the PFA Scotland Team of the Year for 2011–12. He left the club in June 2014 and subsequently joined Birmingham City, though missed the 2014–15 season due to injury. He joined Oldham Athletic for a brief stay in August 2015, before returning to Dundee United three months later. He left United in April 2016, and signed a short-term deal with Greenock Morton five months later. He joined Grimsby Town in January 2017, and then moved on to Port Vale six months later. He switched to Forest Green Rovers in January 2018 and then moved into non-league football with Billericay Town in July 2019. He left Billericay for Solihull Moors in September 2019, before moving on to Gloucester City in March 2020 and then Chesterfield ten months later.
<HNTB>	HNTB Corporation is an American infrastructure design firm. Founded in 1914 in Kansas City, Missouri, HNTB began with the partnership made by Ernest Emmanuel Howard with the firm Waddell & Harrington, founded in 1907.Considered as one of the most trusted U.S.-based design firms, HNTB generated a revenue of $693 million in 2022, the second most of any architectural firm in the U.S. The firm specializes in sporting facilities; Levi's Stadium, in which HNTB was ranked third on a list of the World's Top 10 Most Innovative Companies of 2015, and Allegiant Stadium; transportation services such as airports, bridges, tunnels, roadways, and rail and transit systems, including renovations in places such as at Los Angeles International Airport and Dallas Fort Worth International Airport, and projects for educational institutions, which includes at the College of William & Mary, University of Southern California, and University of Michigan. The firm consists of around 3,400 professional staff across 79 locations, and is active in all major architectural specialties in the United States and around the world.Waddell & Harrington was formed in 1907 as a partnership between John Alexander Low Waddell and John Lyle Harrington and was based in Kansas City, Missouri, but had offices in Portland, Oregon, and Vancouver, British Columbia. The company designed more than 30 vertical-lift bridges for highways and railroads. After Howard's partnership, Waddell & Harrington eventually became Harrington, Howard & Ash. In 1941, it changed its name to Howard, Needles, Tammen & Bergendoff when Enoch Needles, Henry Tammen & Ruben Bergendoff joined as partners. In 1975, it merged with Kivett and Myers to form a sports architecture practice. In 1982, it acquired the rail firm of Thomas K. Dyer adding track, signal, communications and traction power to its portfolio, thus positioning the firm to serve the rail industry. In 1993, it formally changed its name to HNTB Corporation. In 2000, the firm became employee-owned.
<Eidos_Interactive>	Square Enix Limited (formerly Domark Limited and Eidos Interactive Limited) is a British subsidiary of the Japanese video game company Square Enix, acting as their European publishing arm. The company formerly owned Tomb Raider, which was in development under CentreGold in 1996, and had acquired Crystal Dynamics in 1998, among numerous other assets, until 2022. Square Enix Limited and fellow group company Square Enix Incorporated shared "Phil" Rogers as CEO and other executives from 2013 to 2022.The company was founded as Domark in 1984 by Mark Strachan and Dominic Wheatley. In 1995, it was acquired by Eidos plc and merged with Simis and Big Red Software to create the subsidiary Eidos Interactive the following year. Ian Livingstone, who held a stake in Domark, became deputy chairman of Eidos and stayed in various roles, until his departure from the company in 2013. In 2005, Eidos plc was in turn acquired by British games publisher SCi. The combined company, SCi Entertainment Group, which was briefly renamed Eidos, was bought by Square Enix in 2009. In November 2009, Square Enix completed the merger of its existing European branch with Eidos Interactive, trading the resulting company as Square Enix Limited, which assumed the trade name Square Enix Europe. In August 2022, Embracer Group completed its acquisition of studios Crystal Dynamics, Eidos-Montréal and Square Enix Montréal and intellectual properties Tomb Raider, Deus Ex among other assets, with Rogers and management moving to Embracer.
<Valdis_Dombrovskis>	Valdis Dombrovskis (born 5 August 1971) is a Latvian politician serving as Executive Vice President of the European Commission for An Economy that Works for People since 2019 and European Commissioner for Trade since 2020. He previously served as European Commissioner for Financial Stability, Financial Services and Capital Markets Union from 2016 to 2020 and Prime Minister of Latvia from 2009 to 2014.Dombrovskis served as Minister for Finance of Latvia from 2002 to 2004. He then served as a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for the New Era Party from 2004 to 2009. He became the Prime Minister of Latvia 2009, serving until his resignation in 2014. He was Vice-President of the European Commission for the Euro and Social Dialogue from 2014 to 2019. Following the resignation of Lord Jonathan Hill, Dombrovskis served as European Commissioner for Financial Stability, Financial Services and the Capital Markets Union from 2016 to 2020. Following the resignation of Phil Hogan, it was announced that he would take over the portfolio for Trade.
<Tonel>	António Leonel Vilar Nogueira Sousa (Portuguese pronunciation: [tuˈnɛɫ]; born 13 April 1980), known as Tonel, is a Portuguese former professional footballer who played as a central defender, and a manager.Over ten seasons, he amassed Primeira Liga totals of 224 games and 15 goals, mainly representing Sporting with which he won four major titles. He also played three years in the Croatian First Football League, with Dinamo Zagreb.
<Joseph_Frank_(writer)>	Joseph Frank (October 6, 1918 – February 27, 2013) was an American literary scholar and leading expert on the life and work of Russian novelist Fyodor Dostoevsky. Frank's five-volume biography of Dostoevsky is frequently cited among the major literary biographies of the 20th century.Joseph Frank was born Joseph Nathaniel Glassman on the Lower East Side of Manhattan in 1918. His father died when he was young, his mother remarried William Frank, and the family moved to Brooklyn.Frank attended classes at New York University in the 1930s and the University of Wisconsin–Madison in the early 1940s, but never earned a Bachelor's degree. Frank went to Paris on a Fulbright Scholarship in 1950, and in 1952 he was accepted by the Committee on Social Thought at the University of Chicago, where he eventually earned a Ph.D. In 1953, he married mathematician Marguerite Frank.
<Democratic-Republican_Party>	The Democratic-Republican Party, known at the time as the Republican Party and also referred to as the Jeffersonian Republican Party among other names, was an American political party founded by Thomas Jefferson and James Madison in the early 1790s that championed republicanism, agrarianism, political equality, and expansionism. The party became increasingly dominant after the 1800 elections as the opposing Federalist Party collapsed. The Democratic-Republicans splintered during the 1824 presidential election. The majority faction of the Democratic-Republicans eventually coalesced into the modern Democratic Party, while the minority faction ultimately formed the core of what became the Whig Party.The Democratic-Republican Party originated as a faction in Congress that opposed the centralizing policies of Alexander Hamilton, who served as Secretary of the Treasury under President George Washington. The Democratic-Republicans and the opposing Federalist Party each became more cohesive during Washington's second term, partly as a result of the debate over the Jay Treaty. Though he was defeated by Federalist John Adams in the 1796 presidential election, Jefferson and his Democratic-Republican allies came into power following the 1800 elections. As president, Jefferson presided over a reduction in the national debt and government spending, and completed the Louisiana Purchase with France.
<SD_Huesca>	Sociedad Deportiva Huesca, S.A.D., is a Spanish football club in Huesca, in the autonomous community of Aragon. Founded on 29 March 1960, SD Huesca plays in the Segunda División, having played in the Spanish top division for the first time in the club's history in the 2018–19 season, followed by another single season in 2020–21. SD Huesca plays its home games at Estadio El Alcoraz, which seats 9,100 spectators.The city of Huesca is one of the pioneers in the introduction of football in Aragon. In the beginning of the 20th century (1903) the city already had a society named Foot-ball Oscense.Huesca Fútbol Club was founded in 1910 with Jorge Cajal as the first president. On 10 April 1910 the first formal match was played in the city of Huesca between the teams of the Sertorius Club, formed by high school students, and El Ideal de Magisterio Oscense. The match was organized by Huesca Sport Club.
<Louise_Troy>	Louise Troy (November 9, 1933 – May 5, 1994) was an American actress of stage and screen. She is best known for her performances in Tovarich (1963) and Walking Happy (1966), for both of which roles she was nominated for Tony Awards. Her signature stage role was that of the lead in High Spirits (1964).Born in Manhattan, Troy was the only child of Jewish parents: Ella Ziebel and Seymour Troy (original family name: Taradajka ). Her mother was an actress In the New York Yiddish theater, as was her grandmother, Frida Gespass, and her grandmother's sisters, Helene Gespass and Ella Gespass Wallerstein. The Gespass sisters, originally from Lemberg, Austria, were part of the founding generation of the Yiddish theater in America. Her father was a major designer and manufacturer of women's shoes. She studied with Lee Strasberg and at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts.In 1955, Troy first appeared off-Broadway in The Infernal Machine. She made her Broadway debut in the musical Pipe Dream (1955). She received critical acclaim for her role opposite Edward Woodward, Tammy Grimes, Carol Arthur, and the legendary Beatrice Lillie in the 1964 musical High Spirits, which was based on Noël Coward's comedy, Blithe Spirit.
<Karl_Bühler>	Karl Ludwig Bühler (27 May 1879 – 24 October 1963) was a German psychologist and linguist. In psychology he is known for his work in gestalt psychology, and he was one of the founders of the Würzburg School of psychology. In linguistics he is known for his organon model of communication and his treatment of deixis as a linguistic phenomenon.He was the dissertation advisor of Karl Popper.Bühler was born in Meckesheim, Baden. In 1899 he started medical school at the University of Freiburg, where he received his doctorate in 1903. He continued working as an assistant, and started taking a second degree in psychology graduating in 1904. In 1906 he worked as an assistant professor at the University of Freiburg with von Kries, and as an assistant to Oswald Külpe at the University of Würzburg.[citation needed]
<Mark_Miloscia>	Mark Anthony Miloscia (born September 13, 1958) is an American politician and former public school teacher who served in the Washington State Senate from 2015 to 2019. A Democrat for more than twenty years, in 2014 he switched to the Republican Party and ran for election to represent the 30th Legislative District in the state senate - winning by more than ten percentage points. In 2016, Miloscia ran for state auditor as a Republican, he lost the general election to Democrat Pat McCarthy by 5 percentage points. He represented the 30th legislative district for seven terms, from 1999 to 2013, in the Washington House of Representatives. He was endorsed by The Seattle Times newspaper for re-election in 2018.Miloscia was born in Biloxi, Mississippi, and lived there until the age of six when his family moved to New York City. He lived with his family in New York City until graduating from Francis Lewis High School.He is a retired officer of the United States Air Force. He was a B-52 pilot and a contract manager for the Air Force for 10 years. He holds a Bachelor of Science in Engineering from the United States Air Force Academy, a Master of Arts (MA) degree from Chapman University in clinical psychology, and a Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree from the University of North Dakota. He has also completed the Leadership Program at the Taubman Center for State and Local Government at John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.
<Jean_Simmons>	Jean Merilyn Simmons, OBE (31 January 1929 – 22 January 2010) was a British actress and singer. One of J. Arthur Rank's "well-spoken young starlets", she appeared predominantly in films, beginning with those made in Great Britain during and after World War II, followed mainly by Hollywood films from 1950 onwards.Simmons was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for Hamlet (1948), and won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress for Guys and Dolls (1955). Her other film appearances include Young Bess (1953), The Robe (1953), The Big Country (1958), Elmer Gantry (1960), Spartacus (1960), and the 1969 film The Happy Ending, for which she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress. She also won an Emmy Award for the miniseries The Thorn Birds (1983).
<Pierre_Deligne>	Pierre René, Viscount Deligne (French: [dəliɲ]; born 3 October 1944) is a Belgian mathematician. He is best known for work on the Weil conjectures, leading to a complete proof in 1973. He is the winner of the 2013 Abel Prize, 2008 Wolf Prize, 1988 Crafoord Prize, and 1978 Fields Medal.Deligne was born in Etterbeek, attended school at Athénée Adolphe Max and studied at the Université libre de Bruxelles (ULB), writing a dissertation titled Théorème de Lefschetz et critères de dégénérescence de suites spectrales (Theorem of Lefschetz and criteria of degeneration of spectral sequences). He completed his doctorate at the University of Paris-Sud in Orsay 1972 under the supervision of Alexander Grothendieck, with a thesis titled Théorie de Hodge.
<Randolph_Stow>	Julian Randolph Stow (28 November 1935 – 29 May 2010) was an  Australian-born writer, novelist and poet.Born in Geraldton, Western Australia, Randolph Stow was the son of Mary Campbell Stow née Sewell and Cedric Ernest Stow, a lawyer.
<Melinda_Gates>	Melinda French Gates (born Melinda Ann French; August 15, 1964) is an American philanthropist and former computer scientist[citation needed] and general manager at Microsoft. French Gates has consistently been ranked as one of the world's most powerful women by Forbes.In 2000, she and her then-husband Bill Gates co-founded the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the world's largest private charitable organization as of 2015. She and her ex-husband have been awarded the US Presidential Medal of Freedom and the French Legion of Honour.
<José_Alberto_Castro>	José Alberto Castro (born José Alberto Sáinz Castro, 31 May 1963) is a Mexican producer and director.He is the brother of actresses Verónica Castro, Beatriz Castro, telenovela producer Fausto Gerardo Sáinz, and uncle of Mexican singer Cristian Castro. Began his career in the production crew in the telenovela Mi pequeña Soledad.He was married to Angélica Rivera from 1994–2008, The couple had three daughters: Angélica Sofía (b. 1996), Fernanda (b. 1999) and Regina (b. 2005).
<The_General_of_the_Dead_Army_(novel)>	The General of the Dead Army (Albanian: Gjenerali i ushtrisë së vdekur) is a 1963 novel by the Albanian writer Ismail Kadare. It is the author's most critically acclaimed novel. Kadare was encouraged to write the book by Drago Siliqi, literary critic and director of the state-owned publishing house Naim Frashëri.The English translation by Derek Coltman, first published by W. H. Allen, was made not directly from the Albanian, but from the 1970 French edition published by Albin Michel. A revised English edition was published by The Harvill Press in 2000, in light of the revised French edition published by Fayard in 1998, and was reprinted by Vintage Press in 2008.
<Oliver_E._Buckley_Condensed_Matter_Prize>	The Oliver E. Buckley Condensed Matter Prize is an annual award given by the American Physical Society "to recognize and encourage outstanding theoretical or experimental contributions to condensed matter physics."  It was endowed by AT&T Bell Laboratories as a means of recognizing outstanding scientific work.  The prize is named in honor of Oliver Ellsworth Buckley, a former president of Bell Labs.The prize is normally awarded to one person but may be shared if multiple recipients contributed to the same accomplishments.  Nominations are active for three years.  The prize was endowed in 1952 and first awarded in 1953.
<Joel_Barlow>	Joel Barlow (March 24, 1754 – December 26, 1812) was an American poet, and diplomat, and politician. In politics, he supported the French Revolution and was an ardent Jeffersonian republican.He worked as an agent for American speculator William Duer to set up the Scioto Company in Paris in 1788, and to sell worthless deeds to land in the Northwest Territory which it did not own. Scholars[who?] believe that he did not know the transactions were fraudulent. He stayed in Paris, becoming involved in the French Revolution. He was elected to the Assembly and given French citizenship in 1792.In his own time, Barlow was known especially for the epic poem The Columbiad, a later version of the Vision of Columbus (1807), though modern readers[who?] rank The Hasty-Pudding (1793) more highly.
<Walter_Andreas_Müller>	Walter Andreas Müller (born 3 September 1945) is a Swiss stage and film actor starring usually in Swiss German language cinema and television and stage productions.Born in Zürich, canton of Zürich, in Switzerland, Walter Andreas Müller lives in the municipality of Russikon. His mother was a gifted painter and his father worked as a clarinetist and saxophonist. After a training as a bookseller and publisher, Walter Andreas Müller devoted 21 years of acting and attended acting school in Zürich.Thenafter Müller had firm commitments on various German stages, returned to Switzerland in 1972 and worked for several years at the Theater an der Winkelwiese, and also starred on the Bernhard-Theater Zürich.
<War_&_Peace_(2016_TV_series)>	War & Peace is an historical drama television serial first broadcast on BBC One on 3 January 2016, produced by BBC Cymru Wales, in association with The Weinstein Company, Lookout Point and BBC Worldwide. It is a six-part adaptation of the 1869 novel War and Peace by the Russian author Leo Tolstoy, written by Andrew Davies and directed by Tom Harper. War & Peace aired on A&E, Lifetime and History Channel in the United States as four two-hour episodes, beginning on 18 January 2016. The serial stars Paul Dano, Lily James and James Norton in the leading roles.The saga begins in the Russian Empire in 1805. When Pierre (Paul Dano), Natasha (Lily James) and Andrei (James Norton) are first introduced to viewers, their youthful ambition, despite their privileged circumstances, is to find meaning in their lives. Kind-hearted but awkward Pierre, the illegitimate son of Russia's richest man, wants to change the world for the better. The spirited Natasha is searching for true love, while handsome and gallant Andrei, frustrated with the superficiality of society, seeks a higher purpose.
<Carl_Medjani>	Carl Medjani (Arabic: كارل مجاني; born 15 May 1985) is a professional footballer who plays as a central defender or defensive midfielder. He spent most of his career in France, his country of birth, while representing the Algeria national team at international level.After spending his youth development years at Saint-Étienne he was signed by Liverpool's manager Gérard Houllier in August 2003. Liverpool beat off stiff competition from Premiership rivals Arsenal, Manchester United and German giants Bayern Munich to secure his services. In an interview with L'Équipe, Medjani revealed he left Saint-Étienne because he was willing to stay if given an opportunity with the first team but his request was turned down by Manager Frédéric Antonetti.
<Dennis_O'Keefe>	Dennis O'Keefe (born Edward Vanes Flanagan, Jr., March 29, 1908 – August 31, 1968) was an American actor and writer.Born in Fort Madison, Iowa, O'Keefe was the son of Edward Flanagan and Charlotte Flanagan, Irish vaudevillians working in the United States. As a small child, he joined his parents' act and later wrote skits for the stage. He attended the University of Southern California but left midway through his sophomore year after his father died.
<Yarmouth_(Isle_of_Wight)_railway_station>	Yarmouth railway station, was an intermediate  station of the  Freshwater, Yarmouth and Newport Railway.It was incorporated  in 1860, opened over a ten-month period between 1889 and 1889 and closed 65 years later. Situated on the outskirts of the town ) it was one of the more economically viable stations on a generally unprofitable  line. Until the 1920s there was a lengthy passing loop and second (staggered) platform. The former station building was for a period used as a Youth Club, and is now (as of 2022) a restaurant. It is still very recognisable as a FYNR station.
<Dean_Ambrose>	Jonathan David Good (born December 7, 1985) is an American professional wrestler and actor. He is currently signed to All Elite Wrestling (AEW), where he performs under the ring name Jon Moxley. He also makes appearances for New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW). He became known for his tenure with WWE, where he performed under the ring name Dean Ambrose from 2011 to 2019.Good made his professional wrestling debut in 2004, and competed under the Jon Moxley name in several independent promotions such as Heartland Wrestling Association (HWA), Westside Xtreme Wrestling (wXw), Full Impact Pro (FIP), Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW), and Dragon Gate USA (DGUSA). Upon signing with WWE in 2011, he was given the Dean Ambrose name and began competing in the company's developmental territories of Florida Championship Wrestling and NXT, before joining the main roster in November 2012 as a member of The Shield alongside Roman Reigns and Seth Rollins. Ambrose won the WWE United States Championship, his first championship in WWE, in May 2013; his 351-day reign became the longest United States Championship reign since the title came under WWE's ownership. After widespread success, The Shield split in June 2014. Ambrose went on to win the WWE Championship once, the WWE Intercontinental Championship three times, and the WWE Raw Tag Team Championship twice (both times with Rollins), which made him WWE's 27th Triple Crown Champion and 16th Grand Slam Champion. He also won the Money in the Bank ladder match in 2016.
<1._FC_Kaiserslautern>	1. Fußball-Club Kaiserslautern e. V., also known as 1. FCK, FCK (German pronunciation: [ɛft͡seːˈkaː] (listen)), FC Kaiserslautern (pronounced [ɛf t͡seː kaɪ̯zɐsˈlaʊ̯tɐn] (listen)) or colloquially Lautern (pronounced [ˈlaʊ̯tɐn] (listen)), is a German sports club based in Kaiserslautern, Rhineland-Palatinate. In addition to football, the club also operates in several other sports.On 2 June 1900, Germania 1896 and FG Kaiserslautern merged to create FC 1900. In 1909, the club went on to join FC Palatia (founded in 1901) and FC Bavaria (founded in 1902) to form FV 1900 Kaiserslautern. In 1929, they merged with SV Phönix to become FV Phönix-Kaiserslautern before finally taking on their current name in 1933.
<William_S._Burroughs>	William Seward Burroughs II (/ˈbʌroʊz/; February 5, 1914 – August 2, 1997) was an American writer and visual artist, widely considered a primary figure of the Beat Generation and a major postmodern author who influenced popular culture and literature. Burroughs wrote eighteen novels and novellas, six collections of short stories and four collections of essays, and five books have been published of his interviews and correspondences; he was initially briefly known by the pen name William Lee. He also collaborated on projects and recordings with numerous performers and musicians, made many appearances in films, and created and exhibited thousands of visual artworks, including his celebrated "Shotgun Art".Burroughs was born into a wealthy family in St. Louis, Missouri. He was a grandson of inventor William Seward Burroughs I, who founded the Burroughs Corporation, and a nephew of public relations manager Ivy Lee. Burroughs attended Harvard University, studied English, studied anthropology as a postgraduate, and attended medical school in Vienna. In 1942, Burroughs enlisted in the U.S. Army to serve during World War II. After being turned down by the Office of Strategic Services and the Navy, he developed a heroin addiction that affected him for the rest of his life, initially beginning with morphine. In 1943, while living in New York City, he befriended Allen Ginsberg and Jack Kerouac. Their mutual influence became the foundation of the Beat Generation, which was later a defining influence on the 1960s counterculture. Burroughs found success with his confessional first novel, Junkie (1953), but is perhaps best known for his third novel, Naked Lunch (1959). Naked Lunch became the subject of one of the last major literary censorship cases in the United States after its US publisher, Grove Press, was sued for violating a Massachusetts obscenity statute.
<Curro_Montoya>	Francisco José "Curro" Montoya Gómez (born 13 February 1977) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.Montoya was born in Alicante, Valencian Community. After starting his development at Hércules CF he finished it with neighbouring Valencia CF, going on to spend five years with their reserves in the third division. In 2000–01 he made his La Liga debut, appearing rarely for CD Numancia in a relegation-ending season.Subsequently, Montoya played seven years in the second level, with Real Jaén, Elche CF, Ciudad de Murcia and Granada 74 CF. In his debut campaign at the latter club he suffered a serious injury which sidelined him for several months, as the team suffered relegation.
<Kanwar_Arsalan>	Kanwar Arsalan, is a Pakistani television actor and a model.Kanwar started his career as a Model but later entered in serials. He made his debut in Tum Jo Miley. After that he appeared in Pul Siraat, Talluq, Tahir-e-Lahoti, Kuch Unkahi Batien, Tum jo Milay, Bahu Rani, Haryalay Bannay, Larkiyan Mohallay ki, Mere Sanwariya Ka Naam, Merey Khuab Reza Reza, Palki, Khuab Ankhein Khwaish Chehray, and Meri Saheli Meri Hamjoli.He starred in Kaash Main Teri Beti Na Hoti with his wife Fatima Effendi.
<Hatfield_Aerodrome>	Hatfield Aerodrome (IATA: HTF, ICAO: EGTH) was a private airfield and aircraft factory located in the English town of Hatfield in Hertfordshire from 1930 until its closure and redevelopment in the 1990s.Geoffrey de Havilland, pioneering aircraft designer and founder of the de Havilland Aircraft Company purchased some farmland close to Hatfield as his existing site at Stag Lane, Edgware was being encroached upon by expanding housing developments in the London suburbs.  Flying commenced in 1930, but the clubhouse buildings and adjacent recreational facilities, fuel pumps and sheds were not completed until 1933.
<Michiru_Shimada>	Michiru Shimada (島田 満, Shimada Michiru, May 19, 1959 – December 15, 2017) was a Japanese anime screenwriter from Tokyo. Shimada was a graduate of Waseda University. She made her screenwriting debut in 1980.She died in 2017, aged 58, from undisclosed causes.This article about one or more people who work in the anime industry is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Imagitec_Design>	Imagitec Design was a video games development company founded in 1989, based in the UK. The main person involved was Barry Leitch, who worked as a composer for many of the company's soundtracks.Imagitec Design interacted with other companies such as Atari Corporation, Gremlin Interactive, and Electronic Arts. In early 1997 Imagitec was purchased by Gremlin and became part of Gremlin Interactive Studios.
<The_Jeweler's_Shop>	The Jeweler's Shop (subtitled A Meditation on the Sacrament of Matrimony, Passing on Occasion into a Drama) (Polish: Przed sklepem jubilera) is a three-act play, written in 1960 by Karol Wojtyła (later Pope John Paul II), that looks at three couples as their lives become intertwined and mingled with one another.The play looks at humanity's ideas and expectations of romantic love and marriage. It is a truthful and animated look at the way people are when in love and their motivations for entering into couplehood.Four centuries earlier the humanist poet Italian Cardinal Pietro Bembo authored a prose work Gli Asolani (The People of Asoli) using a similar framing device of a marriage feast to explore true love's deeper roots. Refuting a superficial analysis of subjective good vs bad experience, pithily characterized by Bembo as amare (bitter) and amore (sweet), he illustrates a third possibility. Reconciling pain and suffering with happiness and joy, human lovers can aim at the perfection of pure Platonic love, the ideal of cosmic transcendence or everlasting union. The first edition of that work was dedicated to Lucrezia Borgia at whose husband's court he had been retained. While widely read in continental Europe at the time, the work was not translated into English until 1954.
<Shannen_Doherty>	Shannen Doherty (/ˈdoʊ.ərti/, born April 12, 1971) is an American actress. She is known for her roles as Jenny Wilder in Little House on the Prairie (1982–1983); Maggie Malene in Girls Just Want to Have Fun (1985); Kris Witherspoon in Our House (1986–1988); Heather Duke in Heathers (1988); Brenda Walsh in Beverly Hills, 90210 (1990–94), 90210 (2008–2009) and again in BH90210 (2019); Prue Halliwell in Charmed (1998–2001); and Dobbs in Fortress (2021).Doherty was raised in her mother's Southern Baptist faith.
<Gordon_Gostelow>	Gordon Massey Gostelow (14 May 1925 – 3 June 2007) was an Australian actor. He was educated in Australia at North Sydney Boys High School and Sydney University where he graduated in Economics.Gostelow went to England in 1950 and worked in the theatre (regional repertory), including the Royal Shakespeare Company and various roles on British television. In Shakespeare he was especially associated with the role of the alcoholic reprobate Bardolph in the Henriad plays.  He played the character on television in both An Age of Kings in 1960 and in the BBC Television Shakespeare's version of the plays in 1979. He also played several other roles in the former production, but was said to have been "born" to play Bardolph.
<Marathi_language>	Assamese ·Bengali ·Bodo ·Dogri ·GujaratiHindi ·Kannada  ·Kashmiri ·Konkani ·MaithiliMalayalam ·Marathi ·Meitei (Manipuri) ·Nepali ·OdiaPunjabi ·Sanskrit ·Santali ·Sindhi ·TamilTelugu ·UrduEighth Schedule to the Constitution of IndiaOfficial Languages CommissionList of languages by number of native speakers in India
<Omni_Bedford_Springs_Resort>	Omni Bedford Springs Resort is a resort hotel outside of Bedford, Pennsylvania.  Established in 1806, it is one of last and best-preserved of 19th-century resort hotels based around mineral springs.  The hotel was documented in 2005 by the Historic American Buildings Survey (HABS). Omni Bedford Springs Resort & Spa is a member of Historic Hotels of America, the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation. The resort is part of the Omni Hotels & Resorts brand, based out of Dallas, Texas.  A portion of the resort property, including the hotel, golf course, and spring areas, was designated a National Historic Landmark District in 1984.In 1796, Nicholas Shauffler discovered a high mineral content in the natural freshwater springs located on the property of Fredrick Naugel, outside of Bedford, Pennsylvania. These springs were reputed to have 'healing powers" by the Native Americans who had come to this spot to drink from and bathe in the waters for centuries.  Doctor John Anderson, then practicing in the town of Bedford, purchased the land containing the springs in 1798 and proceeded to build bathing facilities for his patients; thus starting the tradition of people traveling to experience the waters of the Bedford springs and setting the foundation for what is today Bedford Springs Resort, an upscale destination, located just off the Pennsylvania Turnpike.The popularity and reputation of the Dr. Anderson's treatments grew throughout the early 19th Century and by 1809, there were three buildings on the site, including The Stone House, Crockford and a precursor to the Evitt House. According to a travelogue by Joshua Galpin in 1809, these buildings included a "large frame lodging house and several smaller ones for families – warm and cold baths and a billiard room." In 1824, Bedford Springs was hailed as the "Montpelier of America" in a column in the July edition of the National Gazette & Library Register, which noted with praise the waters, accommodations, activities, food and wine. The popularity of the resort benefited from the emphasis on outdoor life in the mid-nineteenth century as east coast American cities became increasingly industrialized and polluted, and from the establishment of stops in Bedford for the B&O and Pennsylvania Railroads beginning in 1872, providing easy accessibility from cities such as Washington, D.C., Philadelphia, and New York City.
<Russian_Empire>	The Russian Empire was an empire and the final period of the Russian monarchy from 1721 to 1917, ruling across large parts of Eurasia. It succeeded the Tsardom of Russia following the Treaty of Nystad, which ended the Great Northern War. The rise of the Russian Empire coincided with the decline of neighbouring rival powers: the Swedish Empire, the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, Qajar Iran, the Ottoman Empire, and Qing China. It also held colonies in North America between 1799 and 1867. Covering an area of approximately 22,800,000 square kilometres (8,800,000 sq mi), it remains the third-largest empire in history, surpassed only by the British Empire and the Mongol Empire; it ruled over a population of 125.6 million people per the 1897 Russian census, which was the only census carried out during the entire imperial period. Owing to its geographic extent across three continents at its peak, it featured great ethnic, linguistic, religious, and economic diversity.
<Tom_Kilburn>	Tom Kilburn CBE FRS (11 August 1921 – 17 January 2001) was an English mathematician and computer scientist. Over the course of a productive 30-year career, he was involved in the development of five computers of great historical significance. With Freddie Williams he worked on the Williams–Kilburn tube and the world's first electronic stored-program computer, the Manchester Baby, while working at the University of Manchester. His work propelled Manchester and Britain into the forefront of the emerging field of computer science.A graduate of Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge, Kilburn worked on radar at the Telecommunications Research Establishment (TRE) in Malvern under Frederic Calland Williams during the Second World War.  After the war ended, he was recruited by Williams to work on the development of computers at the University of Manchester. He led the development of a succession of innovative Manchester computers that incorporated a host of ground-breaking innovations and developments, including the Ferranti Mark 1, the world's first commercial computer, and the Atlas, one of the first time-sharing multiprocessing computers that incorporated job scheduling, spooling, interrupts, instruction pipelining and paging.
<Magda_Goebbels>	Johanna Maria Magdalena "Magda" Goebbels (née Ritschel; 11 November 1901 – 1 May 1945) was the wife of Nazi Germany's Propaganda Minister Joseph Goebbels. A prominent member of the Nazi Party, she was a close ally, companion, and political supporter of Adolf Hitler. Some historians refer to her as the unofficial "first lady" of Nazi Germany, while others give that title to Emmy Göring.With defeat imminent during the Battle of Berlin at the end of World War II in Europe, she and her husband murdered their six children before committing suicide in the Reich Chancellery gardens. Her eldest son, Harald Quandt, from a previous marriage, survived her.
<Angela_Bassett>	Angela Evelyn Bassett (born August 16, 1958) is an American actress. She had her breakthrough with her portrayal of singer Tina Turner in the biopic What's Love Got to Do with It (1993), which garnered her a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress. She went on to star in numerous acclaimed and successful films, including as Betty Shabazz in both Malcolm X (1992) and Panther (1995), as Katherine Jackson in The Jacksons: An American Dream (1992), as Voletta Wallace in Notorious (2009), as Amanda Waller in Green Lantern (2011), and as Coretta Scott King in Betty & Coretta (2013). Her other notable film roles include Bernandine Harris in Waiting to Exhale (1995), Rachel Constantine in Contact (1997), Stella Payne in How Stella Got Her Groove Back (1998), Janet Williams in Music of the Heart (1999), Lynne Jacobs in Olympus Has Fallen (2013) and London Has Fallen (2016), and Queen Ramonda in Black Panther (2018), Avengers: Endgame (2019), and Black Panther: Wakanda Forever (2022).On television, Bassett's portrayal of Rosa Parks in the television film The Rosa Parks Story (2002), garnered her a nomination for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Limited Series or Movie. In 2013, Bassett had a recurring role on the FX horror anthology series American Horror Story: Coven, earning a nomination for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie. She returned as a series regular for Freak Show, the series' fourth season, portraying Desiree Dupree, for which she received another Primetime Emmy Award nomination. For the fifth season, Hotel, she portrayed Ramona Royale, a famous movie star. Bassett returned to the series's sixth season, Roanoke, portraying an alcoholic actress named Monet Tumusiime, who plays struggling mother and former police officer Lee Harris in the My Roanoke Nightmare documentary, and she reprised her role as Marie Laveau in a guest role in the eighth season Apocalypse. In 2018, Bassett began producing and starring in the Fox first responder drama series 9-1-1, playing LAPD patrol sergeant Athena Grant.
<Muhammad_Raziuddin_Siddiqui>	Muhammad Raziuddin Siddiqui (January 8, 1908 – January 8, 1998) was a Pakistan-born American physicist.Siddiqui was born on 8 January 1908 in the Princely State of Hyderabad Deccan to Mohammed Muzafferuddin Siddiqui and Baratunnisa Begum. His family consisted of one elder brother, Mohammed Zakiuddin Siddiqui and two sisters, Abida Begum and Sajida Begum. He was the youngest in the family. He attended the newly established Osmania University. After passing the Rashidia Exams in 1918, Siddiqui completed his matriculation from Osmania University in 1921, and earned a Bachelor of Arts (BA) in mathematics, with distinction, in 1925. He was elected a Fellow of the academy of Pakistan Academy of Sciences in 1953.
<A_Mother's_Son>	A Mother's Son is a British crime drama television mini-series, created by Chris Lang, which was first broadcast on ITV1 on 4 and 5 September 2012. The series was produced by the ITV Studios. Hermione Norris, Martin Clunes, Paul McGann, Nicola Walker and Alexander Arnold star as the main protagonists of the series.In 2015, A Mother's Son was adapted by Didier Le Pêcheur for French television in a co-production between EuropaCorp Television and ITV Studios France under the title Tu es mon fils. The French version, starring Anne Marivin, Thomas Jouannet and Charles Berling, first aired on TF1 on 23 February 2015, garnering 6.5 million viewers.
<Communist_Party_of_the_Soviet_Union>	The Communist Party of the Soviet Union (CPSU), also known by various other names during its history, was the founding and ruling party of the Soviet Union. The CPSU was the sole governing party of the Soviet Union until 1990 when the Congress of People's Deputies modified Article 6 of the 1977 Soviet Constitution, which had previously granted the CPSU a monopoly over the political system. The party has its roots in the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party (RSDLP). The RSDLP was founded in 1898, when Russia was ruled by an absolute monarchy. The broad anti-Tsarist ideology was the driving factor in its initial growth. Russians across the political spectrum flocked to the party, as Marxists, socialists, and centrists made up its ranks. Despite the Tsar's harsh oppression including imprisoning and even executing party members, the RSDLP continued to grow, albeit underground. Initially the party operated in a unified and cohesive manner, but by 1900 cracks within party unity began to show.Vladimir Lenin, one of the leading Marxists, engaged in fierce debates with others over revolutionary tactic and theory. Lenin believed that the party, led by a small committee, should be the vehicle that mobilizes the working class to carry out a socialist revolution and oust the Tsar. These radical views were initially unpopular and further ostracized him in the RSDLP.
<Docherty_(novel)>	Docherty is the third novel by William McIlvanney, first published in 1975.The book is set in a fictional mining town in Scotland in the early part of the 20th century, and it relates the struggles of a miner called Tam Docherty and his family. It opens with a prologue set in 1903 in which Tam's family and home are introduced and his wife Jenny gives birth to the youngest of her four children, Conn. Book One opens a few years later and provides a fuller introduction to the family. We learn that Tam is a lapsed Catholic while Jenny is a Protestant; we meet the eldest son Mick, the middle son Angus, the daughter Kathleen and her future husband Jack, as well as Jenny's father Mairtin and Tam's father, Old Conn, a devout Catholic. Tam has a hostile encounter with the Catholic priest Father Rankin. Kathleen marries Jack. Conn goes to school, where he is punished for fighting and using vernacular Scots. Conn knows of his father's respect for education, but "...against that went Conn's sense of the irrelevance of school, its denial of the worth of his father and his family[...]." This section of the novel ends with Conn entering puberty as he explores the countryside around Graithnock in the spring of 1914.
<Cool_as_Ice>	Cool as Ice is a 1991 American romantic musical comedy film directed by David Kellogg, written by David Stenn and starring rapper Vanilla Ice in his feature film debut. The plot focuses on Johnny Van Owen, a freewheeling, motorcycle-riding rapper who arrives in a small town and meets Kathy, an honor student who catches his eye. Meanwhile, Kathy's father, who is in witness protection, is found by the corrupt police officers he escaped from years ago.Developed as a vehicle for Vanilla Ice, the film was widely panned by critics, and was a box office bomb, grossing only $1.2 million from a $6 million budget.
<Margot_Stevenson>	Margaret Helen Stevenson (February 8, 1912 – January 2, 2011) was an American film, stage and radio actress, known for her role as Margo Lane in the radio adaptation of The Shadow, opposite Orson Welles in 1938.She was born in Manhattan on February 8, 1912, the daughter of Irish-born actor Charles Alexander Stevenson, who was 60 years old when she was born, and his second wife Frances Riley, who was 22 years old at the time. She graduated from Brearley School in Manhattan. Stevenson was about to enroll at Bryn Mawr College in Pennsylvania, when the Great Depression began. She decided to pursue acting to earn an income instead of attending Bryn Mawr.
<Plymouth>	Plymouth (/ˈplɪməθ/ (listen)) is a port city and unitary authority in South West England. It is located on the south coast of Devon, approximately 36 miles (58 km) south-west of Exeter and 193 miles (311 km) south-west of London. It is bordered by Cornwall to the west and south-west.Plymouth's early history extends to the Bronze Age when a first settlement emerged at Mount Batten. This settlement continued as a trading post for the Roman Empire, until it was surpassed by the more prosperous village of Sutton founded in the ninth century, now called Plymouth. In 1588, an English fleet based in Plymouth intercepted and defeated the Spanish Armada. In 1620, the Pilgrim Fathers departed Plymouth for the New World and established Plymouth Colony, the second English settlement in what is now the United States of America. During the English Civil War, the town was held by the Parliamentarians and was besieged between 1642 and 1646.
<Vladimir_Arnold>	Vladimir Igorevich Arnold (alternative spelling Arnol'd, Russian: Влади́мир И́горевич Арно́льд, 12 June 1937 – 3 June 2010) was a Soviet and Russian mathematician. While he is best known for the Kolmogorov–Arnold–Moser theorem regarding the stability of integrable systems, he made important contributions in several areas including dynamical systems theory, algebra, catastrophe theory, topology, algebraic geometry, symplectic geometry, differential equations, classical mechanics, hydrodynamics and singularity theory, including posing the ADE classification problem, since his first main result—the solution of Hilbert's thirteenth problem in 1957 at the age of 19. He co-founded two new branches of mathematics—KAM theory, and topological Galois theory (this, with his student Askold Khovanskii).Arnold was also known as a popularizer of mathematics. Through his lectures, seminars, and as the author of several textbooks (such as the famous Mathematical Methods of Classical Mechanics) and popular mathematics books, he influenced many mathematicians and physicists. Many of his books were translated into English. His views on education were particularly opposed to those of Bourbaki.
<Negar_Javaherian>	Negar Javaherian (Persian: نگار جواهریان, born January 12, 1983) is an Iranian actress. She is best known for her acting in Gold and Copper (2010), Here Without Me (2011), A Cube of Sugar (2011) and The Painting Pool (2013). She has received various accolades, including a Crystal Simorgh, two Iran Cinema Celebration Awards and an Iran's Film Critics and Writers Association Award, in addition to nominations for two Hafez Awards.She also co-translated Harold Pinter's play, Betrayal along with Tinouche Nazmjou.
<Skillsoft>	Skillsoft is an American educational technology company that produces learning management system software and content.Skillsoft was founded by Charles Moran in 1998. Moran served as Chief Executive Officer and President from 1998 to 2015.Skillsoft had an IPO under the stock symbol SKIL in February 2000 and a SPO in July 2001. In June 2021, Skillsoft became a publicly traded company once again under the same stock symbol.
<Thunder_Rock_(play)>	Thunder Rock is a 1939 play by Robert Ardrey.The initial Broadway production, put on by the Group Theater and directed by Elia Kazan, closed after a short run, but the play was far more successful in wartime London. Thunder Rock became a symbol of British resistance and was the most notable play of World War II. It was first produced in a little-known theater in South Kensington but was transferred, with secret funding from Her Majesty's Treasury, to the Globe Theatre in London's West End.Thunder Rock has seen many adaptations, including a BBC radio version in 1940 and a 1942 film starring Michael Redgrave and Barbara Mullen with James Mason in a minor role. In 1947 CBS broadcast a radio production; it was awarded a Peabody Award. Stage productions have been mounted all over the world, including an unauthorized production in Zurich, a U.S. government-sponsored production in occupied Berlin, and popular post-war productions throughout Europe and Africa, including in Harare and Nairobi.
<Rider_Strong>	Rider King Strong (born December 11, 1979) is an American actor, producer, director and screenwriter. He is best known for starring as Shawn Hunter on the ABC sitcom Boy Meets World (1993–2000), which he reprised in its sequel series Girl Meets World (2014–2017). He also headlined the cult supernatural film Cabin Fever (2002) and co-wrote and directed the independent film Irish Twins (2008) with his brother Shiloh. He provided the voices of Brick Flagg in Kim Possible (2002–2004) and Kim Possible Movie: So the Drama (2005), and Tom Lucitor in Star vs. the Forces of Evil (2015–2019). In 2015, Strong was honored with the Young Artist Former Child Star Lifetime Achievement Award.Strong was born in San Francisco, California, the second of two boys born to Lin (née Warner), a teacher and nutritionist, and King Arthur Strong, a firefighter, who are both originally from Pennsylvania. He has English and Irish ancestry. He graduated from Nonesuch School in Sebastopol, California in 1998. His elder brother is Shiloh Strong, an actor and photographer.
<Mythos_Games>	Mythos Games was a British video game developer company founded by Julian Gollop with his brother Nick in 1988 as Target Games. It is best known for its 1994 strategy game X-COM: UFO Defense. Following the closing of Mythos Games in 2001, Gollop founded Codo Technologies.
<Destruction_Derby_(series)>	Destruction Derby is a vehicular combat racing video game developed by Reflections Interactive and published by Psygnosis. Based on the sport of demolition derby, the game tasks the player with racing and destroying cars to score points. The developers implemented simulated physics to make the results of collisions easier to predict, and they kept the game's tracks small to increase the number of wrecks. Versions of Destruction Derby were released for MS-DOS, PlayStation and Sega Saturn. A Nintendo 64 version, Destruction Derby 64, was released in 1999 by Looking Glass Studios and THQ. Critics found Destruction Derby enjoyable and they praised its graphics and car damage system, but the Nintendo 64 and Sega Saturn releases received mixed reviews. The game started the Destruction Derby franchise, beginning with its 1996 sequel, Destruction Derby 2.Destruction Derby is a vehicular combat racing video game based on the sport of demolition derby. The game contains three vehicles. Collisions in the game affect the controls of each car, limiting their steering and maximum speed. Frontal collisions risk damage to the car's radiator, which causes the car to overheat and stop running. Four game modes are available: Destruction Derby, Wreckin' Racing, Stock Car Racing and Time Trial. In Destruction Derby, the player earns points by destroying other cars in a large, trackless arena called The Bowl; in Stock Car Racing, the player must finish in first place, and no points are awarded for destroying cars. Wreckin' Racing is a hybrid of the two, in which the player earns points both by winning the race and by destroying other cars. Time Trial is a solo time attack mode. The PlayStation version features system link play for two players, while the MS-DOS version has an online multiplayer mode.
<Colo-Colo>	Club Social y Deportivo Colo-Colo (Spanish pronunciation: [ˌkolo ˈkolo]) is a Chilean professional football club based in Macul, Santiago. Founded in 1925 by David Arellano they play in the Chilean Primera División, from which they have never been relegated. The team has played its home games at Estadio Monumental David Arellano since 1989. Colo-Colo is regarded as the most successful club of Chilean football.Colo-Colo has won more Primera División de Chile (32) than any other Chilean club and a record thirteen Copa Chile titles. It was the first Chilean team to win a continental tournament conquering the 1991 Copa Libertadores Next year, the club went on to win two international titles that were 1992 Recopa Sudamericana and 1992 Copa Interamericana,
<Joseph_Ritner>	Joseph Ritner (March 25, 1780 – October 16, 1869) was the eighth Governor of the commonwealth of Pennsylvania, elected as a member of the Anti-Masonic Party. He was elected Governor of Pennsylvania in the  1835 Pennsylvania gubernatorial election, and served from 1835 to 1839. Controversy surrounding his 1838 electoral defeat led to the Buckshot War. In 1856, Governor Ritner was a delegate to the first Republican National Convention in Philadelphia.Ritner was born in Reading, Pennsylvania on March 25, 1780. His parents were of German heritage, and Ritner was primarily self-educated, including learning to read and write in English, while also acquiring a working knowledge of German.  He moved to Cumberland County as a teenager, where he worked as a farm hand and laborer until he purchased a farm of his own in Washington County.  In 1801, Ritner married Susan Alter, and they were the parents of 10 children.  The Washington County farm had been owned by Ritner's wife's uncle, and included a large library, which enabled Ritner to continue his efforts at self-study.
<Anthony_Nelson>	Anthony or Tony Nelson may refer to:
<Saul_Perlmutter>	Saul Perlmutter (born September 22, 1959) is a U.S. astrophysicist at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and a professor of physics at the University of California, Berkeley. He is a member of both the American Academy of Arts & Sciences and the American Philosophical Society, and was elected a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 2003.  He is also a member of the National Academy of Sciences. Perlmutter shared the 2006 Shaw Prize in Astronomy, the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physics, and the 2015 Breakthrough Prize in Fundamental Physics with Brian P. Schmidt and Adam Riess   for providing evidence that the expansion of the universe is accelerating. Since 2021, he has been a member of the President’s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology (PCAST).Saul Perlmutter was born one of three children in the Ashkenazi Jewish family of Daniel D. Perlmutter, professor emeritus of chemical and biomolecular engineering at University of Pennsylvania, and Felice (Feige) D. Perlmutter (née Davidson), professor emerita of Temple University’s School of Social Administration. His maternal grandfather, the Yiddish teacher Samuel Davidson (1903–1989), emigrated to Canada (and then with his wife Chaika Newman to New York) from the Bessarabian town of Floreşti in 1919.Perlmutter spent his childhood in the Mount Airy neighborhood of Philadelphia. He went to school in nearby Germantown; first Greene Street Friends School for the elementary grades, followed by Germantown Friends School for grades 7 through 12. He graduated with an AB in physics from Harvard magna cum laude in 1981 and received his PhD in physics from the University of California, Berkeley, in 1986.  Perlmutter's PhD thesis titled "An Astrometric Search for a Stellar Companion to the Sun" described the development and use of an automated telescope to search for Nemesis candidates under Richard A. Muller.  At the same time, he was using this telescope to search for Nemesis and supernovae, which would lead him to his award-winning work in cosmology.  Perlmutter attributes the idea for an automated supernova search to Luis Alvarez, a 1968 Nobel laureate, who shared his idea with Perlmutter's research adviser.
<Luís_Carlos_Prestes>	Luís Carlos Prestes (January 3, 1898 – March 7, 1990) was a Brazilian revolutionary and politician who served  as  the general-secretary of the Brazilian Communist Party from 1943 to 1980 and a senator for the Federal District from 1946 to 1948. One of the leading communists in Brazil, Prestes has been regarded by many as one of Brazil's most charismatic yet tragic figures for his leadership of the 1924 tenente revolt and his subsequent work with the Brazilian communist movement. The 1924 expedition earned Prestes the nickname The Knight of Hope.Beginning in 1924, as a young army officer, Prestes was a leading figure in an abortive military revolt. After its failure, he led a band of rebel troops, known as the Prestes Column, on a three-year, 14,000-mile trek through the remote Brazilian interior in a futile attempt to stir peasant opposition to the Government. Eventually, the rebels went into exile in Bolivia. Although the effort failed, he became a romantic hero.He went on to become general-secretary of the Brazilian Communist Party, which advocated ending payments on the national debt, nationalization of foreign-owned companies, and land reform. Imprisoned after a violent uprising in 1935, he was released after World War II and later served briefly as a senator. He was the communist opposition throughout the Vargas Era in Brazil.
<João_Figueiredo>	João Baptista de Oliveira Figueiredo (Portuguese: [ʒuˈɐ̃w baˈtʃistɐ dʒi oliˈvejɾɐ fiɡejˈɾedu, ˈʒwɐ̃w -]; 15 January 1918 – 24 December 1999) was a Brazilian military leader and politician who was the 30th president of Brazil from 1979 to 1985, the last of the military regime that ruled the country following the 1964 Brazilian coup d'état. He was chief of the Secret Service (SNI) during the term of his predecessor, Ernesto Geisel, who appointed him to the presidency at the end of his own mandate.He continued the process of redemocratization that Geisel had started and sanctioned a law decreeing amnesty for all political crimes committed during the regime. His term was marked by a severe economic crisis and growing dissatisfaction with the military rule, culminating in the Diretas Já protests of 1984, which clamored for direct elections for the Presidency, the last of which had taken place 24 years prior. Figueiredo opposed this and in 1984 Congress rejected the immediate return of direct elections, in favor of an indirect election by Congress, which was nonetheless won by the opposition candidate Tancredo Neves. Figueiredo retired after the end of his term and died in 1999.
<Rules_for_Radicals>	Rules for Radicals: A Pragmatic Primer for Realistic Radicals is a 1971 book by community activist and writer Saul D. Alinsky about how to successfully run a movement for change. It was the last book written by Alinsky, and it was published shortly before his death in 1972. His goal was to create a guide for future community organizers, to use in uniting low-income communities, or "Have-Nots", in order for them to gain by any effective, non-violent means  social, political, legal, and economic power. Inside of it, Alinsky compiled the lessons he had learned throughout his experiences of community organizing from 1939 to 1971. He targeted these lessons at the current, new generation of radicals.Divided into ten chapters, Rules for Radicals provides ten lessons on how a community organizer can accomplish the goal of successfully uniting people into an active grassroots organization with the power to effect change on a variety of issues. Though targeted at community organization, these chapters also touch on other issues that range from ethics, education, communication, and symbol construction and political philosophy.Though published for the new generation of counterculture-era organizers in 1971, Alinsky's principles have been applied by numerous government, labor, community, and congregation-based organizations, and the main themes of his organizational methods have been recurring elements in political campaigns in recent years.
<Jean-Pierre_Serre>	Jean-Pierre Serre (French: [sɛʁ]; born 15 September 1926) is a French mathematician who has made contributions to algebraic topology, algebraic geometry, and algebraic number theory. He was awarded the Fields Medal in 1954, the Wolf Prize in 2000 and the inaugural Abel Prize in 2003.Born in Bages, Pyrénées-Orientales, France, to pharmacist parents, Serre was educated at the Lycée de Nîmes and then from 1945 to 1948 at the École Normale Supérieure in Paris. He was awarded his doctorate from the Sorbonne in 1951. From 1948 to 1954 he held positions at the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique in Paris. In 1956 he was elected professor at the Collège de France, a position he held until his retirement in 1994. His wife, Professor Josiane Heulot-Serre, was a chemist; she also was the director of the Ecole Normale Supérieure de Jeunes Filles. Their daughter is the former French diplomat, historian and writer Claudine Monteil. The French mathematician Denis Serre is his nephew.  He practices skiing, table tennis, and rock climbing (in Fontainebleau).
<John_Challis>	John Spurley Challis (16 August 1942 – 19 September 2021) was an English actor. He had an extensive theatre and television career but is best known for portraying Terrance Aubrey "Boycie" Boyce in the long-running BBC Television sitcom Only Fools and Horses (1981–2003) and its sequel/spin-off The Green Green Grass (2005–2009), as well as Monty Staines from the seventh series onwards in the ITV sitcom Benidorm (2015–2018). Challis was an established stage actor, making appearances for companies including the Royal Shakespeare Company and the National Theatre.John Spurley Challis was born on 16 August 1942 in Clifton, Bristol, England. An only child, his family moved to Southeast London when he was one year old. He grew up in Epsom, after the family moved to Surrey. Challis attended the state boarding Ottershaw School near Woking, Surrey. His father was Alec, a civil servant with the Admiralty who became secretary to the energy minister; he was a strict disciplinarian. His mother was Joan (née Harden), a former ambulance driver who performed in amateur dramatics and taught drama in schools.
<Tom_Kenny>	Thomas James Kenny (born July 13, 1962) is an American actor and comedian. He is known for voicing the titular character in SpongeBob SquarePants and associated media. Kenny has voiced many other characters, including Heffer Wolfe in Rocko's Modern Life, the Ice King in Adventure Time, the Narrator and Mayor in The Powerpuff Girls, Carl Chryniszzswics in Johnny Bravo, Dog in CatDog, Hank and Jeremy in Talking Tom and Friends, and Spyro from the Spyro video game series. His live-action work includes the comedy variety shows The Edge and Mr. Show. Kenny has won two Daytime Emmy Awards and two Annie Awards for his voice work as SpongeBob SquarePants and the Ice King. He often collaborates with his wife and fellow voice artist Jill Talley, who plays Karen on SpongeBob SquarePants.Kenny was born and raised in Syracuse, New York, to Theresa Bridget (Donigan) and Paul Austin Kenny. As a young child, in the late 1960s and the 1970s, he loved drawing and collecting record albums. He met Bobcat Goldthwait in first grade and they became lifelong friends. In their mid-teens, they saw an ad for an open-mic night at Skaneateles that featured comedian Barry Crimmins with the moniker "Bear Cat". He and Goldthwait went to the event, and performed under the monikers Tomcat and Bobcat, respectively, as a tribute to Crimmins, after which Goldthwait used Bobcat as his stage name. Describing Kenny's stand-up routines, Goldthwait said, "Tom would get up there and talk about his therapist and he didn't even have a therapist, he just loved Woody Allen."
<The_Loves_of_Madame_Dubarry>	I Give My Heart (US-Title: The Loves of Madame Dubarry) is a 1935 British historical film adapted from the stage operetta The DuBarry by Carl Millöcker and arranged by Theo Mackeben. Directed by Marcel Varnel, and produced by British International Pictures (BIP). It is based on the life of Madame Du Barry.Jeanne is a milliner courted by aristocrats. She first has an affair with René, a young writer for Count du Barry. She then marries the Count in order to become Louis XV's mistress.
<Savaar_Laine>	Savaar Laine (Gujarati: સવાર લઈને, English: Bringing the Dawn to You) is the first collection of ghazals written by Anil Chavda, a poet from Gujarat, India. The book won the Yuva Gaurav Award of 2014, instituted by the Sahitya Akademi, Delhi. The book was reviewed by Gujarati poets and writers including Chandrakant Topiwala, Raghuvir Chaudhari, Chinu Modi, Harsh Brahmbhatt and Saumya Joshi.Kem gumshum thai gayo? Kain bol; ne aa ghav shana chhe?Shu thayun, tadko tane vagyo? Jara zakal lagavi daun?English Translation:Why so silent? Say something at least, what are these wounds made of?Did sunray hurt you? Shall I smear the dews drops?Anil Chavda (Savaar Laine page 29), 
<Karl_Schwarzschild_Medal>	The Karl Schwarzschild Medal, named after the astrophysicist Karl Schwarzschild, is an award presented by the Astronomische Gesellschaft (German Astronomical Society) to eminent astronomers and astrophysicists.Source: German Astronomical Society
<The_First_Garment>	The First Garment (Georgian: სამოსელი პირველი, Samoseli Pirveli) is a novel by Georgian writer Guram Dochanashvili which serves as a retelling of The Parable of the Lost Son from the Bible. The plot follows a young, inexperienced, adventure-seeking man named Domenico who is deeply affected by the appearance and stories of a mysterious refugee in his village, and thus decides to take his inheritance and leave the village to go on adventuring.This novel is based on the motif of the Gospel parable of the Prodigal Son. Its main hero is Domenico, the younger son of the most powerful villager. He is greatly influenced by the story told by the fugitive, a person gripped by a mysterious fear. Domenic demands of his father his share of the inheritance and leaves to get to know the world. Over the years, Domenico meets many different people and gets caught up in the War of Canudos.In this novel, traditional motifs of good, evil, love, morality and the like are illuminated in a new light and unfold as dramatic narrative against a background of an odd merging of humour and aesthetics. There are many memorable characters in the novel. The narrative is easy-going and dynamic, and is accompanied by bold linguistic experiments that create a textual fabric that is utterly peerless and uniquely characteristic of Guram Dochanashvili.
<Willard_Parker>	Willard Parker (born Worster Van Eps; February 5, 1912 – December 4, 1996) was an American film and television actor. He was a leading man under contract to Columbia Pictures in the 1940s and starred in the TV series Tales of the Texas Rangers (1955–58).Parker was born in New York City. Some sources reports his birth name as Worcester. He was a meter reader and a tennis pro. While working as the latter in Hollywood he was spotted by Zeppo Marx, then working as an agent. Marx arranged a screen test and he signed a contract with Warner Bros. He changed his name to "Willard Parker".Parker signed to Warner Bros in the late 1930s. He made his debut with an uncredited bit in the Dick Foran Western, The Devil's Saddle Legion (1937). He had small parts in That Certain Woman (1937) with Bette Davis; Back in Circulation (1937) with Pat O'Brien; The Radio Murder Mystery (1937) with Ronald Reagan; Alcatraz Island (1937) with John Litel; Over the Goal (1937) with June Travis; The Adventurous Blonde (1937) with Glenda Farrell; Missing Witness (1937) with Litel; and The Invisible Menace (1938) with Boris Karloff.
<Viet_Thanh_Nguyen>	Viet Thanh Nguyen (Vietnamese: Nguyễn Thanh Việt; born March 13, 1971) is a Vietnamese-American professor and novelist. He is the Aerol Arnold Chair of English and Professor of English and American Studies and Ethnicity at the University of Southern California.Nguyen's debut novel, The Sympathizer, won the 2016 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction, the Dayton Literary Peace Prize, the Center for Fiction First Novel Prize, and many other accolades. He was awarded a MacArthur Foundation Fellowship and a Guggenheim Fellowship in 2017. Nguyen is a regular contributor, op-ed columnist for The New York Times, covering immigration, refugees, politics, culture and South East Asia. He is a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.Nguyen was born in Ban Mê Thuột, Vietnam in 1971, the son of refugees from North Vietnam who moved south in 1954. After the fall of Saigon, in 1975, his family fled to the United States. Nguyen's family first settled in Fort Indiantown Gap, Pennsylvania, which was one of four American camps that accommodated refugees from Vietnam. Nguyen's family then moved to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania until 1978.
<Crawford_Hallock_Greenewalt,_Jr.>	Crawford Hallock Greenewalt Jr. (June 3, 1937 – May 4, 2012) was an American classical archaeologist at the University of California, Berkeley who made contributions to the study of Lydia through his excavations at Sardis.Greenewalt was the son of Crawford Hallock Greenewalt, a chemical engineer and later president of the DuPont, and Margaretta L. Greenewalt. He had one brother, David Greenewalt, and one sister, Nancy G. Frederick. He attended the Tower Hill School, received a B.A. from Harvard in 1959, and a Ph.D. in Classical Archaeology from the University of Pennsylvania in 1966. Greenwalt died of a brain tumor in 2012.
<Hanazakari_no_Kimitachi_e>	Hana-Kimi (花ざかりの君たちへ〜イケメン♂パラダイス〜, Hanazakari no Kimitachi e: Ikemen Paradaisu, lit. "For You in Full Blossom: Ikemen Paradise", stylized as HANA-KIMI), also known by the abbreviation IkePara, is a teen romantic-comedy Japanese television drama planned by Hiroyuki Gotō for Fuji TV and Kyodo TV, based on the shōjo comic series of the same title by Hisaya Nakajo. Filming locations include Ryutsu Keizai University. It premiered on Fuji TV on July 3, 2007, and concluded with its twelfth episode on September 18 the same year.In addition, a television special with the regular cast reprising their roles was subsequently produced, and was broadcast on October 12, 2008.A remake of this drama with an entirely different cast was broadcast on Fuji TV during the 2011 summer season.
<Atlantic_City_Country_Club>	The Atlantic City Country Club is a golf club located in Northfield, New Jersey, 6 miles (10 km) west of Atlantic City. In addition to a golf course, the club offers banquet and dining facilities. The course resides on 170 acres (0.69 km2) in a coastal setting with skyline views of Atlantic City. The club was established in 1897. It was purchased by Hilton Hotels in 1998. It came under the ownership of Caesars Entertainment Corporation until April 15, 2014, when it was sold to Ottinger family group, the owners of Scotland Run Golf Club and Ballamor Golf Club.The term "birdie", which means one stroke under par, was coined at the club in 1903.
<Georgia_May_Foote>	Georgia May Foote (born 11 February 1991) is an English actress and model. She is best known for playing  Alison Simmons in the BBC school drama series Grange Hill from 2005 to 2008 and Katy Armstrong in the ITV soap opera Coronation Street from 2010 to 2015. In 2015 she was runner-up on the BBC celebrity talent show Strictly Come Dancing. She came 98th in FHM's Sexiest Women of 2015.Foote attended Elton High School in Bury and then Bury College. She has an older sister named Katie.
<Erixon_Danso>	Erixon Michiel Arnolf Danso (born 22 July 1989) is an Aruban footballer who plays as a winger. He holds a Dutch passport.Danso was born in Amsterdam, and has his roots in Aruba. He played for AFC Ajax's youth squad, and was signed professionally by FC Utrecht.Danso made his debut for Utrecht against SC Heerenveen on 19 April 2009, and scored his first league goal for the club on 18 April 2010 in a 3–0 win against Sparta Rotterdam.
<San_Antonio>	San Antonio (/ˌsæn ænˈtoʊnioʊ/ SAN an-TOH-nee-oh; Spanish for "Saint Anthony"), officially the City of San Antonio, is a city in Texas, United States. The city is the seventh-most populous in the United States, the second-largest in the Southern United States, and the second-most populous in Texas. It is the 12th most-populous city in North America, with 1,434,625 residents in 2020.Founded as a Spanish mission and colonial outpost in 1718, the city in 1731 became the first chartered civil settlement in what is now present-day Texas. The area was then part of the Spanish Empire. From 1821 to 1836, it was part of the Mexican Republic. It is the oldest municipality in Texas, having celebrated its 300th anniversary on May 1, 2018.
<Tiki_Tsang>	Tiki Tsang (born 19 June 1968) is an Australian former actress and model. She is best known for her role in the 1989 French revenge thriller Killing Car, directed by Jean Rollin.Tsang was born in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia in 1968.  She graduated from St. Bridgadines College in 1984. She was raised Roman Catholic.
<Robert_Williams_(actor)>	Robert, Rob, Robbie, Bob or Bobby Williams may refer to:
<S.C._Olhanense>	Sporting Clube Olhanense (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈspɔɾtĩɡ ˈklub(ɨ) oʎɐˈnẽs(ɨ)]) is a Portuguese sports club from Olhão, Algarve.Its football team was founded on 27 April 1912 and currently plays in the Campeonato de Portugal, the fourth tier of Portuguese football. It holds home matches at the 5,661-spectator capacity Estádio José Arcanjo.Olhanense won the Campeonato de Portugal (now Taça de Portugal) in 1924, their most prestigious honour in history.
<Ask_the_Dust>	Ask the Dust is the most popular novel of Italian-American author John Fante, first published in 1939 and set during the Great Depression era in Los Angeles. It is one of a series of novels featuring the character Arturo Bandini as Fante's alter ego, a young Italian-American from Colorado struggling to make it as a writer in Los Angeles.The novel is widely regarded as an American classic, regularly on college syllabi for American literature. The book is a roman à clef, much of it rooted in autobiographical incidents in Fante's life. The novel influenced Charles Bukowski significantly. In 2006, screenwriter Robert Towne adapted the novel into a film, Ask the Dust, starring Salma Hayek and Colin Farrell.Initial publication of the novel followed Fante's successful publication of Wait Until Spring, Bandini and his short stories in prominent publications such as The American Mercury. Only 2,200 copies of the first edition of the novel were printed. Although sales were not extensive, a paperback edition was issued by Bantam in 1954. The novel's popularity did not reach its peak until poet Charles Bukowski led the reissue of the novel by Black Sparrow Press in 1980, alongside a foreword by Bukowski.
<Charles_de_Gaulle>	Charles André Joseph Marie de Gaulle (/də ˈɡoʊl, -ˈɡɔːl/; French pronunciation: [ʃaʁl də ɡol] (listen); (abbreviated CDG) 22 November 1890 – 9 November 1970) was a French army officer and statesman who led Free France against Nazi Germany in World War II and chaired the Provisional Government of the French Republic from 1944 to 1946 in order to restore democracy in France. In 1958, he came out of retirement when appointed President of the Council of Ministers (Prime Minister) by President René Coty. He rewrote the Constitution of France and founded the Fifth Republic after approval by referendum. He was elected President of France later that year, a position to which he was reelected in 1965 and held until his resignation in 1969.Born in Lille, he graduated from Saint-Cyr in 1912. He was a decorated officer of the First World War, wounded several times and later taken prisoner at Verdun. During the interwar period, he advocated mobile armoured divisions. During the German invasion of May 1940, he led an armoured division which counterattacked the invaders; he was then appointed Undersecretary for War. Refusing to accept his government's armistice with Germany, de Gaulle fled to England and exhorted the French to resist occupation and to continue the fight in his Appeal of 18 June. He led the Free French Forces and later headed the French National Liberation Committee against the Axis. Despite frosty relations with the United States, he generally had Winston Churchill's support and emerged as the undisputed leader of Free France. He became head of the Provisional Government of the French Republic in June 1944, the interim government of France following its liberation. As early as 1944, de Gaulle introduced a dirigiste economic policy, which included substantial state-directed control over a capitalist economy which was followed by 30 years of unprecedented growth, known as the Trente Glorieuses. Frustrated by the return of petty partisanship in the new Fourth Republic, he resigned in early 1946 but continued to be politically active as founder of the Rassemblement du Peuple Français (RPF; "Rally of the French People"). He retired in the early 1950s and wrote his War Memoirs, which quickly became a staple of modern French literature.
<William_Thurston>	William Paul Thurston (October 30, 1946 – August 21, 2012) was an American mathematician. He was a pioneer in the field of low-dimensional topology and was awarded the Fields Medal for his contributions to the study of 3-manifolds in 1982.Thurston was a professor of mathematics at Princeton University, University of California, Davis, and Cornell University. He was also a director of the Mathematical Sciences Research Institute.William Thurston was born in Washington, D.C. to Margaret Thurston (née Martt), a seamstress, and Paul Thurston, an aeronautical engineer. William Thurston suffered from congenital strabismus as a child, causing issues with depth perception. His mother worked with him as a toddler to reconstruct three-dimensional images from two-dimensional ones.
<Muncie_Flyers>	The Muncie Flyers, known as the Congerville Flyers for most of their existence, were a professional American football team from Muncie, Indiana, that played from 1905 to 1926. The Flyers were an independent squad for most of their existence, but are remembered mostly for their very brief stint in the American Professional Football Association (later known as the National Football League). With only three official league games, one in 1920 and two in 1921, the Flyers are the third-shortest-lived team in league history, behind the two games of the original New York Giants and the one game of the Tonawanda Kardex Lumbermen, and the shortest by a team not from the state of New York.The origins of the team show that it evolved from the Congerville (Muncie) Athletic Club, which dates back to at least 1905. Local newspapers provided spotty coverage of the team. An occasional reference was made to a game being scheduled and sometimes the game results with a brief game account were in the Monday paper. In 1910, the Congerville Athletic Club finished with a 10–0–1 record, outscoring their opponents 145–0. All of the home games were played against other local Muncie teams, while the road games were played in nearby Hartford City, Dunkirk, and Alexandria. In 1916, the Congerville Athletic Club team and the Congerville Flyers team merged and Muncie was represented by the Congerville Flyers.The Congerville Muncie Flyers evolved from a team called the Congerville Thirds. This team was later renamed the Congerville Flyers. The 1915 edition of the Flyers proved to be a respectable team, finishing with a 5–3–3 record. Their star player was local player Cooney Checkeye. Playing all its games on the road, the 1916 Flyers had a disappointing year, finishing with a 2–6–1 record. Also representing Congerville in 1915 and 1916 was the Congerville Eagles. This lightweight team was closely associated with the Flyers, sometimes lending the heavyweight team a player or two when they were short due to injuries.
<Barbara_Payton>	Barbara Lee Payton (born Barbara Lee Redfield; November 16, 1927 – May 8, 1967) was an American film actress best known for her stormy social life and battles with alcoholism and drug addiction. Her life has been the subject of several books, including her autobiography, I am Not Ashamed (1963). Also, Kiss Tomorrow Goodbye: The Barbara Payton Story (2007) by John O'Dowd, L.A. Despair: A Landscape of Crimes and Bad Times (2005) by John Gilmore and B Movie: A Play in Two Acts (2014) by Michael B. Druxman. She married five times.Born in Cloquet, Minnesota, Payton was the daughter of Erwin Lee ("Flip") and Mabel Irene (nee Todahl) Redfield, the daughter of Norwegian immigrants and one of 6 siblings. They opened a combination ice cream store and restaurant in Little Falls, Minnesota.
<St_Mirren_F.C.>	St Mirren Football Club is a Scottish professional football club based in Paisley, Renfrewshire, that competes in the Scottish Premiership after winning the 2017–18 Scottish Championship. Founded in 1877, the team has two nicknames, the Buddies and the Saints.St Mirren have won the Scottish Cup three times, in 1926, 1959 and 1987, and the Scottish League Cup in 2013. The club has played in European competition four times: in the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup in 1987–88 and the UEFA Cup in 1980–81, 1983–84 and 1985–86. They are also the only Scottish team to win the Anglo Scottish Cup, beating Bristol City 5–1 over two legs in 1979–1980.
<Wilhelm_Exner_Medal>	The Wilhelm Exner Medal has been awarded by the Austrian Industry Association, Österreichischer Gewerbeverein [de] (ÖGV), for excellence in research and science since 1921.The medal is dedicated to Wilhelm Exner (1840–1931), former president of the Association, who initialized the chamber of commerce in Austria, the Vienna Technical Museum and the World Exhibition in Vienna. According to Wilhelm Exner the combination of science and economy formed the groundwork for economical growth and wealth. Wilhelm Exner considered the radical changes in the economic and social framework of the 20th century to be an opportunity and aimed to tackle the issues arising offensively and constructively. He represented the cosmopolitan Austrian liberalism with a commitment to modernization and transformation of the economy, science and society. Throughout his career, he has taken a variety of key initiatives and has been involved by helping economy and business.The Wilhelm Exner Medal is awarded to scientists and researchers that have had a direct impact on business and industry through their scientific achievements and contributions. The award was created to honor the 60th anniversary of Wilhelm Exner's association with ÖGV. The selection of the scientist to be honored takes place at the suggestion and consultation of the former medalists and is confirmed by the board of the Wilhelm Exner Foundation and by the board of the Austrian Entrepreneur´s Association.
<Fields_Medal>	The Fields Medal is a prize awarded to two, three, or four mathematicians under 40 years of age at the International Congress of the International Mathematical Union (IMU), a meeting that takes place every four years. The name of the award honours the Canadian mathematician John Charles Fields.The Fields Medal is regarded as one of the highest honors a mathematician can receive, and has been described as the Nobel Prize of Mathematics, although there are several major differences, including frequency of award, number of awards, age limits, monetary value, and award criteria. According to the annual Academic Excellence Survey by ARWU, the Fields Medal is consistently regarded as the top award in the field of mathematics worldwide, and in another reputation survey conducted by IREG in 2013–14, the Fields Medal came closely after the Abel Prize as the second most prestigious international award in mathematics.
<Uma-Snehrashmi_Prize>	Uma-Snehrashmi Prize, also known as Uma-Snehrashmi Paritoshik (Gujarati: ઉમા-સ્નેહરશ્મિ પારિતોષિક) is a literary award in Gujarat, India founded by Snehrashmi in 1963 in a remembrance of his deceased daughter Uma. Presented by Gujarati Sahitya Parishad, the award has been conferred every two years to the author of the most outstanding book in Gujarati language.The Uma-Snehrashmi Prize has been granted every two years, since 1963, to the following people:
<Smita_Patil>	Smita Patil (17 October 1955 – 13 December 1986) was an Indian actress who worked in films, television series and theatres. She appeared in over 80 Hindi, Bengali, Marathi, Gujarati, Malayalam and Kannada films in a career that spanned just over a decade. During her career, she received two National Film Awards and a Filmfare Award. She was the recipient of the Padma Shri, India's fourth-highest civilian honour in 1985.She made her film debut with Shyam Benegal's Charandas Chor (1975). She became one of the leading actresses of parallel cinema, a New Wave movement in India cinema, though she also appeared in several mainstream movies throughout her career. Her performances were often acclaimed, and her most notable roles include Manthan (1977), Bhumika (1977), Jait Re Jait (1978), Aakrosh (1980), Chakra (1981), Namak Halaal (1982), Bazaar (1982), Umbartha (1982), Shakti (1982), Arth (1982), Ardh Satya (1983), Mandi (1983), Aaj Ki Awaaz (1984), Chidambaram (1985), Mirch Masala (1985), Amrit (1986) and Waaris (1988).Apart from acting, Patil was an active feminist and a member of the Women's Centre in Mumbai. She was deeply committed to the advancement of women's issues and gave her endorsement to films which sought to explore the role of women in traditional Indian society, their sexuality, and the changes facing the middle-class woman in an urban milieu.
<Joey_Adams>	Joey Adams (born Joseph Abramowitz; January 6, 1911 – December 2, 1999) was an American comedian, vaudevillian, radio host, nightclub performer and author, who was inducted into the New York Friars' Club in 1977 and wrote the book Borscht Belt in 1973.Adams grew up in Brownsville, Brooklyn, "a predominantly Jewish section of the borough at the time of his birth." After graduating from the local public school, junior high school, and high school, Adams continued to City College, but left before graduating. His siblings included a sister and three brothers.
<Lilienfeld_Prize>	The Julius Edgar Lilienfeld Prize of the American Physical Society, to remember Julius Edgar Lilienfeld, has been awarded annually, since 1989. (It was not awarded in 2002). The purpose of the Prize is to recognize outstanding contributions to physics.Source: American Physical Society
<The_Master_(Doctor_Who)>	The Master, is a recurring character in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who and its associated spin-off works. He is a renegade alien Time Lord and the childhood friend and later archenemy of the title character, the Doctor. He is most recently portrayed by Sacha Dhawan. Multiple actors have played the Master since the character's introduction in 1971. Within the show's narrative, the change in actors and subsequent change of the character's appearance is sometimes explained as the Master taking possession of other characters' bodies or as a consequence of regeneration, which is a biological attribute that allows Time Lords to survive fatal injuries or old age.
<Jack_Carson>	John Elmer Carson (October 27, 1910 – January 2, 1963) was a Canadian-born American film actor. Carson often played the role of comedic friend in films of the 1940s and 1950s, including The Strawberry Blonde (1941) with James Cagney and Arsenic and Old Lace (1944) with Cary Grant. He also acted in dramas such as Mildred Pierce (1945), A Star is Born (1954), and Cat on a Hot Tin Roof (1958). He worked for RKO and MGM (where he was cast opposite Myrna Loy and William Powell in Love Crazy, 1941), but most of his notable work was for Warner Bros.John Elmer Carson was born on October 27, 1910 in Carman, Manitoba to Elmer and Elsa Carson (née Brunke). He was the younger brother of actor Robert Carson (1909–1979). His father was an executive with an insurance company. In 1914, the family moved to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, which he always thought of as his home town. He attended high school at Hartford School, Milwaukee, and St. John's Military Academy in Delafield, Wisconsin, and at Carleton College, he acquired a taste for acting. Carson became a U.S. citizen in 1949.
<Arthur_Daley_(sportswriter)>	Arthur John Daley (July 31, 1904 – January 3, 1974) was an American sports journalist. As a reporter and columnist, he wrote for The New York Times for almost fifty years. In 1956, he was awarded a Pulitzer Prize for reporting and commentary.Arthur Daley was born on July 31, 1904, in New York City. He attended Fordham Preparatory School and continued his education at Fordham University. He was a multifaceted athlete, participating in baseball, basketball, football, swimming, and track. He wrote for the university newspaper, The Fordham Ram, and served as its sports editor in his senior year.
<Macclesfield_Town_F.C.>	Macclesfield Town Football Club was an English professional football club based in Macclesfield, Cheshire, that was wound-up after a High Court ruling on 16 September 2020.Initially known as Macclesfield F.C., the club was formed in 1874 and from 1891 played home games at Moss Rose. It competed in the short-lived Combination league in the 1890–91 season, reforming in the Manchester League at the end of the century. The club won the Manchester League title twice, before becoming inaugural members of the Cheshire County League at the start of the 1919–20 season, ultimately winning the League six times. Renamed Macclesfield Town in 1946, the club  were founder members of the Northern Premier League in 1968, winning the league in its first two years, as well as the FA Trophy in 1970. They were promoted to the Conference after they won their third Northern Premier League title in 1986–87.
<Elvira_Quintillá>	Elvira Quintillá (19 September 1928 – 27 December 2013) was a Spanish actress, whose career spanned over six decades.Born in Barcelona, Catalonia, Quintillá began her acting career in 1941, appearing on stage. She married actor José María Rodero in 1947, and the couple remained together until Rodero's death in May 1991.She died on 27 December 2013, aged 85, in Madrid, Community of Madrid.
<Chronic_Logic>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Ebbets_Field>	Ebbets Field was a Major League Baseball stadium in the Flatbush section of Brooklyn, New York. It is mainly known for having been the home of the Brooklyn Dodgers baseball team of the National League (1913–1957). It was also home to five professional football teams, including three NFL teams (1921–1948). Ebbets Field was demolished in 1960 and replaced by the Ebbets Field Apartments, later renamed the Jackie Robinson Apartments. Ebbets Field was bounded by Bedford Avenue to the east, Sullivan Place to the South, Cedar Street (renamed McKeever Place in 1932) to the west, and Montgomery Street to the north. After locating the prospective new site to build a permanent stadium to replace the old wooden Washington Park, Dodgers' owner Charles Ebbets acquired the property over several years, starting in 1908, by buying lots until he owned the entire block. The land included the site of a garbage dump called Pigtown, so named because of the pigs that once ate their fill there and the stench that filled the air. At the groundbreaking, the site was described as containing several old houses, shanties, goats, and tomato cans, and although the streets bordering the field were mapped, two of them had not been built yet.
<University_of_Southern_Mississippi>	The University of Southern Mississippi (Southern Miss or USM) is a public research university with its main campus located in Hattiesburg, Mississippi. It is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools to award bachelor's, master's, specialist, and doctoral degrees. The university is classified among "R1: Doctoral Universities – Very high research activity".Founded on March 30, 1910, the university is a dual campus institution, with its main campus located in Hattiesburg and its other large campus – Gulf Park – located in Long Beach. It has five additional teaching and research sites, including the John C. Stennis Space Center and the Gulf Coast Research Laboratory (GCRL).
<Goran_Šukalo>	Goran Šukalo (born 24 August 1981) is a Slovenian football midfielder.Šukalo moved to Greuther Fürth in June 2013 on a free transfer. He moved to 1860 Munich on 1 February 2016. His contract was mutually terminated on 3 February 2017.
<Ezer_Weizman>	Ezer Weizman (listen (help·info); Hebrew: עֵזֶר וַיצְמָן Ezer Vaytsman; 15 June 1924 – 24 April 2005) was the seventh President of Israel, first elected in 1993 and re-elected in 1998. Before the presidency, Weizman was commander of the Israeli Air Force and Minister of Defense.Ezer Weizman was born in Tel Aviv in the British Mandate of Palestine on 15 June 1924 to Yechiel and Yehudit Weizmann. His father was an agronomist. Weizman was a nephew of Israel's first president, Chaim Weizmann.
<Fulham_F.C.>	Fulham Football Club is an English professional football club based in Fulham, London, which compete in the Premier League. They have played home games at Craven Cottage since 1896, other than a two-year period spent at Loftus Road whilst Craven Cottage underwent redevelopments that were completed in 2004. They contest West London derby rivalries with Chelsea, Queens Park Rangers and Brentford. The club adopted a white shirt and black shorts as its kit in 1903, which has been used ever since.Founded in 1879, they are London's oldest professional football club. They joined the Southern League in 1898 and won two First Division titles (1905–06 and 1906–07), as well as two Second Division titles and a Western League title. Elected into the Second Division of the Football League in 1907, Fulham would win the Third Division South in 1931–32, four years after being relegated. They won the Second Division title in 1948–49, though were relegated after three seasons. Promoted back to the First Division again in 1958–59, the form of star player Johnny Haynes helped Fulham to remain the top-flight until consecutive relegations occurred by 1969. They were promoted in 1970–71 and went on to reach the final of the FA Cup in 1975.
<Greenwich>	Greenwich (/ˈɡrɪnɪdʒ/ (listen) GRIN-ij, /ˈɡrɪnɪtʃ/ GRIN-itch,) is a town in south-east London, England, within the ceremonial county of Greater London. It is situated 5.5 miles (8.9 km) east-southeast of Charing Cross.Greenwich is notable for its maritime history and for giving its name to the Greenwich Meridian (0° longitude) and Greenwich Mean Time. The town became the site of a royal palace, the Palace of Placentia from the 15th century, and was the birthplace of many Tudors, including Henry VIII and Elizabeth I. The palace fell into disrepair during the English Civil War and was demolished to be replaced by the Royal Naval Hospital for Sailors, designed by Sir Christopher Wren and his assistant Nicholas Hawksmoor. These buildings became the Royal Naval College in 1873, and they remained a military education establishment until 1998 when they passed into the hands of the Greenwich Foundation. The historic rooms within these buildings remain open to the public; other buildings are used by University of Greenwich and Trinity Laban Conservatoire of Music and Dance.
<Peter_Sollett>	Peter Sollett (born January 1, 1976) is an American film director and screenwriter known for his feature films Raising Victor Vargas (2002) and Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist (2008).Sollett was born in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn, New York. He grew up in Bensonhurst in an Italian, Jewish neighborhood where he claims his childhood "was spent on one side of the street" because of racial tensions.[disputed  – discuss] His father is a newspaper photographer, which he says inspired him to pick up a camera.Sollett's first film was Five Feet High and Rising, a 26-minute short film about the growth and coming-of-age of teenager Victor Vargas. He and Eva Vives wrote Five Feet High and Rising as their thesis film in 1998 at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts and he served as the film's director, cinematographer and editor. After he had the opportunity to work with professionals in the film industry at the Cannes Residence Programme, the short film went on to screen on the festival circuit and won a number of awards at the Sundance Film Festival, Cannes Film Festival, Aspen Shortsfest, Valencia International Film Festival, South by Southwest Film Festival and Cinema Jove International Film Festival. Two years after the release of Five Feet High and Rising, Sollett and Vives reunited to collaborate on a follow-up project that became Raising Victor Vargas, originally named Long Way Home. While Sollett says that Five Feet High and Rising was purely autobiographical and based on the Italian, Jewish neighborhood he grew up in Brooklyn, he and Vives decided to create another film directly about the experiences of the main characters Victor and Judy, continuing on two years after the film left off. Using the same cast as the original short film, he wrote an action-and-dialogue screenplay which he did not give to any of the actors to encourage them to improvise and create a feeling of spontaneity and authenticity. Raising Victor Vargas earned Sollett three Independent Spirit Award nominations in the categories of Best Film, Best Director and Best First Screenplay, as well as other awards and nominations at the Viennale, San Sebastián International Film Festival, Online Film Critics Society Awards, Deauville Film Festival, Gotham Awards and the Humanitas Prize.
<New_South_Wales_Government_Railways>	The New South Wales Government Railways (NSWGR) was the agency of the Government of New South Wales that administered rail transport in New South Wales, Australia, between 1855 and 1932.The agency was managed by a range of different commission structures between 1857 and 1932, which reported to either the Minister for Public Works or the Minister for Transport.
<Euripides>	Euripides (/jʊəˈrɪpɪdiːz/; Ancient Greek: Εὐριπίδης, romanized: Eurīpídēs, pronounced [eu̯.riː.pí.dɛːs]; c. 480 – c. 406 BC) was a tragedian of classical Athens. Along with Aeschylus and Sophocles, he is one of the three ancient Greek tragedians for whom any plays have survived in full. Some ancient scholars attributed ninety-five plays to him, but the Suda says it was ninety-two at most. Of these, eighteen or nineteen have survived more or less complete (Rhesus is suspect). There are many fragments (some substantial) of most of his other plays. More of his plays have survived intact than those of Aeschylus and Sophocles together, partly because his popularity grew as theirs declined—he became, in the Hellenistic Age, a cornerstone of ancient literary education, along with Homer, Demosthenes, and Menander.Euripides is identified with theatrical innovations that have profoundly influenced drama down to modern times, especially in the representation of traditional, mythical heroes as ordinary people in extraordinary circumstances. This new approach led him to pioneer developments that later writers adapted to comedy, some of which are characteristic of romance. He also became "the most tragic of poets", focusing on the inner lives and motives of his characters in a way previously unknown. He was "the creator of ... that cage which is the theatre of Shakespeare's Othello, Racine's Phèdre, of Ibsen and Strindberg," in which "imprisoned men and women destroy each other by the intensity of their loves and hates". But he was also the literary ancestor of comic dramatists as diverse as Menander and George Bernard Shaw.
<Ferit_Şahenk>	Ferit Şahenk (Turkish pronunciation: [feˈɾit ʃaˈhenk], born 1964) is the Chairman of Turkey's Doğuş Group and one of the richest people in Turkey.Şahenk graduated from The American School in Switzerland (TASIS) and earned his B.A. from Boston College with a degree in Marketing and Human Resources in 1989. After graduation, Şahenk returned to Istanbul, where his father, Ayhan Şahenk (1929–2001), sent him to apprentice at Doğuş' Garanti Bank. After eight years he moved to the holding company, and beginning in 1998, he has acquired two food retail chains and operated NTV by funding the expansion by selling part of the group's Garanti Bank to the public.[citation needed]Understanding that top talent is essential to running a diverse group, he also created a recruitment division, Humanitas. Revenues for 1999 at privately held Doğuş Group hit $5.7 billion. In May 2000, he instituted centralized back-office operations for Doğuş' multiple banks and is doing the same for its auto dealerships. To its banking business, Şahenk added leasing, insurance and cashback reward schemes like those of Discover Card in the United States – financial services still uncommon in Turkey at the time.
<Brynne_Edelsten>	Brynne Mariah Edelsten (née Gordon; born 29 January 1983)  is an American reality television personality.Brynne married Geoffrey Edelsten on 29 November 2009 in Melbourne, Victoria at the Crown Casino.
<Pedro_Albergaria>	Pedro Nuno Alves Soares Albergaria (born 12 December 1980) is a Portuguese retired professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.Born in Maia, Porto District, Albergaria appeared twice for F.C. Maia in the Segunda Liga in 2003–04 after competing solely in the lower leagues, to where he returned at the end of that season. His most steady spell was lived at F.C. Tirsense, with whom he signed in the summer of 2007 and where he remained five years.At the end of the 2015–16 campaign, Albergaria helped F.C. Vizela return to the second division after an absence of seven years. His first game in the competition with the club – third overall, at the age of 35 – occurred on 6 August 2016, in a 1–0 away win against Académico de Viseu FC.
<Margarita_Magaña>	Margarita Magaña (Spanish pronunciation: [maɾɣaˈɾita maˈɣaɲa]; born Margarita Magaña Amillategui on 25 July 1979)  is a Mexican actress and model, best known for her roles in the Mexican television series Al diablo con los guapos, Un gancho al corazón, and Teresa.Born in Mexico City, Margarita started her career at 15 years old in the telenovela Club de Gaby.  Later she attended the Centro de Capacitación Artística de Televisa (CEA) to prepare herself as an actress. Her soap opera debut was with Thalia in María la del barrio in 1995.
<Circle_Mirror_Transformation>	Circle Mirror Transformation is a play by Annie Baker, centered on drama classes at a community center in Vermont. The play opened Off-Broadway in 2009 and received the Obie Award for Best New American Play.Circle Mirror Transformation premiered Off-Broadway at Playwrights Horizons on 13 October 2009 and closed on 31 January 2010. Directed by Sam Gold, the cast featured Reed Birney (Schultz), Tracee Chimo (Lauren), Peter Friedman (James), Deirdre O'Connell (Marty) and Heidi Schreck (Teresa).The play received Obie Awards for Best New American Play (sharing it with Baker's The Aliens) Performance, Ensemble and Directing (Sam Gold).
<Douglas_C._Wallace>	Douglas Cecil Wallace (born November 6, 1946) is a geneticist and evolutionary biologist at the University of Pennsylvania and the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia in Pennsylvania. He pioneered the use of human mitochondrial DNA as a molecular marker.Wallace earned a Bachelor of Science in Genetics and Developmental Biology at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York in 1968, a Master of Philosophy in Microbiology and Human Genetics at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut in 1972 and a Ph.D. in Microbiology and Human Genetics at Yale University in 1975. His dissertation was titled Cytoplasmic genetics in mammalian tissue culture cells.He remained at Yale University as a postdoctoral fellow until he was awarded a professorship (Assistant Professor) at the Stanford University School of Medicine in Stanford, California in 1976. In 1983 he became professor (Adjunct Professor) for Biochemistry, Anthropology and Pediatrics (Genetics) at the Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia. From 1996 to 2002, he was Chairperson and Senior Editor of the Mitochondrial DNA Locus-Specific Database for the Human Genome Organisation (HUGO). In 2002 he assumed a professorship of Molecular Genetics at the University of California, Irvine and founded the Center for Molecular and Mitochondrial Medicine and Genetics there. In 2006 he was awarded a visiting professorship at Academia Sinica in Taipei, Taiwan. In 2010 he became professor of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia and became the founding director of the Center for Mitochondrial and Epigenomic Medicine at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia.
<Herman_Salling>	Herman Christian Salling (born 20 November 1919 in Aarhus; died 8 May 2006) was a Danish merchant and director. He was a pioneer in the department store and retail business in Denmark.Herman Salling was the son of local merchant Ferdinand Salling (1880 - 1953) who founded the Salling department store in 1906 in Aarhus. Herman inherited and became director of the Salling department store in 1953. He evolved the business and also started føtex in 1960, the first real supermarket in Denmark. With Danish shipping businessman A.P. Møller, he founded Dansk Supermarked A/S in 1964. In 1970, as part of the Dansk Supermarket Group, Herman Salling launched Bilka, the very first hypermarket in Denmark. Bilka is located in Tilst, a western suburb of Aarhus.A memorial fund for Herman's father Ferdinand Salling was established in 1957 and in 1964 Herman Salling established his own foundation. The two foundations are collectively known as "Salling Fondene" (The Salling Foundations) and support selected local cultural projects in Aarhus financially.
<Endemol>	Endemol B.V. was a Dutch-based media company that produced and distributed multiplatform entertainment content. The company annually produced more than 15,000 hours of programming across scripted and non-scripted genres, including drama, reality TV, comedy, game shows, entertainment, factual and children's programming.Endemol, a global network of operations in more than 30 countries, worked with over 300 broadcasters, digital platforms and licensees worldwide. The business covered development, production, marketing, distribution, franchise management and multi-platform initiatives including digital video, gaming and apps.
<Boris_Piotrovsky>	Boris Borisovich Piotrovsky (Russian: Бори́с Бори́сович Пиотро́вский; also written Piotrovskii; February 14 [O.S. February 1] 1908 – October 15, 1990) was a Soviet Russian academician, historian-orientalist and archaeologist who studied the ancient civilizations of Urartu, Scythia, and Nubia. He is best known as a key figure in the study of the Urartian civilization of the southern Caucasus. From 1964 until his death, Piotrovsky was also Director of the Hermitage Museum in Leningrad (now Saint Petersburg).Piotrovsky was born in Saint Petersburg in 1908. He specialized in the history and archaeology of the Caucasus region and beginning in the 1930s, he began to acquaint himself with Urartian civilization. He was the head of 1939 excavations that uncovered the Urartian fortress of Teishebaini in Armenia (known in Armenian as Karmir Blur, or Red Hill). Evidence found there has been key in understanding the Urartian civilization. Piotrovsky lead further excavations in Armenia in the ancient settlements of Tsovinar, Redkig-lager, Kirovakan (now Vanadzor) and Aygevan until 1971.These were not Piotrovsky's sole contributions in the archaeological field, however. Piotrovsky worked elsewhere in the Caucasus, especially on the Scythian culture. In 1961, he was placed at the head of an expedition of the USSR Academy of Sciences to study Nubian monuments in Egypt. He also spent 26 years as Director of the Hermitage Museum, which has been run by his son Mikhail thereafter. He was also the supervisor of the renowned Armenian archaeologist Gregory Areshian. The Hermitage holds an annual conference in his honor. He died of a cerebral hemorrhage in Leningrad in 1990 at the age of 82.
<William_Spier>	William Hannan Spier (October 16, 1906 – May 30, 1973) was an American writer, producer, and director for television and radio. He is best known for his radio work, notably Suspense and The Adventures of Sam Spade.William Hannan Spier (pronounced like the word “spear”) was born in New York City to a Jewish father and a Presbyterian mother.  Spier graduated from Evander Childs High School.At age 19, Spier was hired at Musical America magazine, which was edited by Deems Taylor.  He eventually became the chief critic for the magazine.
<UD_Almería>	Unión Deportiva Almería, S.A.D. (Spanish pronunciation: [uˈnjon depoɾˈtiβ(a) almeˈɾi.a]) is a Spanish professional football club based in Almería, in the autonomous community of Andalusia. Founded on 26 July 1989 and known as Almería Club de Fútbol until 2001, when it was renamed Unión Deportiva Almería. The club currently plays in the Spanish Primera División after winning the Segunda División title in 2022, and plays their home games at the 15,274-seat capacity Power Horse Stadium.The first football club in Almería was founded in 1909: el Almería Foot-Ball Club. Since then, several Almería football clubs appeared and disappeared. One of them was AD Almería, a team that played in La Liga between 1979–81, but disappeared in 1982, and was arguably UD Almería's predecessor. In 1989, a club named Almería Club de Fútbol was born, but in 2001 was renamed Unión Deportiva Almería. On 19 January 2001 the mayor of Almería Santiago Martínez Cabrejas announced in the city council that the new club UD Almería had been formed after the merger of two city teams - Polideportivo Almería and Almería CF. But UD Almería was not official until June 28, 2001, when Almería CF approved at the General Meeting of Shareholders the renaming. After playing one season in the second division, it was relegated to the third and the fourth divisions.
<James_McCombs>	James (Jimmy) McCombs (9 December 1873 – 2 August 1933) was a New Zealand Member of Parliament for Lyttelton.McCombs was born in Treanmore, Mohill, County Leitrim, Ireland, the elder child of George McCombs, a farmer, and his wife, Kate Rourke. He came to New Zealand with his parents in 1876 as a three-year-old. He was educated at Sydenham School and Christchurch East School. Initially he intended to join the ministry of the Anglican Church but later decided to cease theological studies and give his time to social work instead. He still remained involved in the Anglican Church and was an active member of the Church of England Men's Society and, inspired by his religious beliefs, he became a prohibitionist and became a leading member of the prohibitionist movement in Canterbury. He believed that the aims of the Christian Socialism in which he believed were better expressed via community and political activities.
<Oersted_Medal>	The Oersted Medal recognizes notable contributions to the teaching of physics. Established in 1936, it is awarded by the American Association of Physics Teachers. The award is named for Hans Christian Ørsted. It is the Association's most prestigious award.Well-known recipients include Nobel laureates Robert Andrews Millikan, Edward M. Purcell, Richard Feynman, Isidor I. Rabi, Norman F. Ramsey,  Hans Bethe, and Carl Wieman; as well as Arnold Sommerfeld, George Uhlenbeck, Jerrold Zacharias, Philip Morrison, Melba Phillips, Victor Weisskopf, Gerald Holton, John A. Wheeler, Frank Oppenheimer, Robert Resnick, Carl Sagan, Freeman Dyson, Daniel Kleppner, and Lawrence Krauss, and Anthony French, David Hestenes, Robert Karplus, Robert Pohl, and Francis Sears.The 2008 medalist, Mildred S. Dresselhaus, is the third woman to win the award in its 70-plus-year history.
<H._P._Lovecraft>	Howard Phillips Lovecraft (US: /ˈlʌvkræft/; August 20, 1890 – March 15, 1937) was an American writer of weird, science, fantasy, and horror fiction. He is best known for his creation of the Cthulhu Mythos.Born in Providence, Rhode Island, Lovecraft spent most of his life in New England. After his father's institutionalization in 1893, he lived affluently until his family's wealth dissipated after the death of his grandfather. Lovecraft then lived with his mother, in reduced financial security, until her institutionalization in 1919. He began to write essays for the United Amateur Press Association, and in 1913 wrote a critical letter to a pulp magazine that ultimately led to his involvement in pulp fiction. He became active in the speculative fiction community and was published in several pulp magazines. Lovecraft moved to New York City, marrying Sonia Greene in 1924, and later became the center of a wider group of authors known as the "Lovecraft Circle". They introduced him to Weird Tales, which would become his most prominent publisher. Lovecraft's time in New York took a toll on his mental state and financial conditions. He returned to Providence in 1926 and produced some of his most popular works, including The Call of Cthulhu, At the Mountains of Madness, The Shadow over Innsmouth, and The Shadow Out of Time. He would remain active as a writer for 11 years until his death from intestinal cancer at the age of 46.
<Kitne_Pakistan>	Kitne Pakistan (translation: How Many Pakistan?) is a 2000 Hindi novel by Kamleshwar, noted 20th-century Hindi writer, a pioneer of the Nayi Kahani ("New Story") movement of the 1950s, and later screenwriter for Hindi cinema. The novel combines allegory and realism, and deals with a vast expanse of human history, as it follows the rise of sectarianism, nationalism, Hindutva and communalism, raising questions about the true motives of the people who make decisions on the behalf and for common people, who throughout the history have borne the brunt of their decision. It witnesses the violence, separation and bloodshed in the aftermath of partition of India in 1947 and examines the nature and futility of divisive politics and religion.It won the 2003 Sahitya Akademi Award for Hindi, given by Sahitya Akademi, India's National Academy of Letters. Today, the novel is considered as the author's finest work, and one of the classics of modern Hindi literature.
<S.C._Braga>	Sporting Clube de Braga (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈspɔɾtĩŋ ˈkluβ(ɨ) ðɨ ˈβɾaɣɐ]) (Euronext Lisbon: SCB), commonly known as Sporting de Braga or just Braga, is a Portuguese sports club from the city of Braga. It is best known for the professional football team playing in the Primeira Liga, the top flight of Portuguese football at the Estádio Municipal de Braga.Founded on 19 January 1921, Braga are nicknamed, Braguistas, and Os Arsenalistas (The Arsenalists) for the shirt colour that resembles English club Arsenal. Since 2003, Braga have played their home matches at the Estádio Municipal de Braga, which replaced the Estádio 1º de Maio, now used for the club's reserve team. Unlike most European sporting entities, Braga's members (sócios) have owned and operated the club throughout its history.
<Robert_Redford>	Charles Robert Redford Jr. (born August 18, 1936) is an American actor and filmmaker. He is the  recipient of various accolades, including an Academy Award from four nominations, a British Academy Film Award, two Golden Globe Awards, the Cecil B. DeMille Award and the Presidential Medal of Freedom. In 2014, Time named him one of the 100 most influential people in the world.Appearing on stage in the late 1950s, Redford's television career began in 1960, including an appearance on The Twilight Zone in 1962. He earned an Emmy nomination as Best Supporting Actor for his performance in The Voice of Charlie Pont (1962). His greatest Broadway success was as the stuffy newlywed husband of co-star Elizabeth Ashley's character in Neil Simon's Barefoot in the Park (1963). Redford made his film debut in War Hunt (1962). He starred with Natalie Wood in Inside Daisy Clover (1965) which won him a Golden Globe for the best new star. He starred alongside Paul Newman in Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid (1969), which was a huge success and made him a major star. He had a critical and box office hit with Jeremiah Johnson (1972), and in 1973 he had the greatest hit of his career, the blockbuster crime caper The Sting, a reunion with Paul Newman, for which he was nominated for an Academy Award; that same year, he also starred opposite Barbra Streisand in The Way We Were. The popular and acclaimed All the President's Men (1976) was a landmark film for Redford.
<Shiva_Ayyadurai>	V. A. Shiva Ayyadurai (born Vellayappa Ayyadurai Shiva, December 2, 1963) is an Indian-American engineer, politician, entrepreneur, and anti-vaccine activist. He has become known for promoting conspiracy theories, pseudoscience, and unfounded medical claims. Ayyadurai holds four degrees from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), including a Ph.D. in biological engineering, and is a Fulbright grant recipient.In a 2011 article published by Time, Ayyadurai claimed to have invented email, as a teenager; in August 1982, he registered the copyright on an email application he had written. Historians strongly dispute this account because email was already in use in the early 1970s. Ayyadurai sued Gawker Media and Techdirt for defamation for disputing his account of inventing email; both lawsuits were settled out of court. Ayyadurai and Techdirt agreed to Techdirt's articles remaining online with a link to Ayyadurai's rebuttal on his own website. Ayyadurai also attracted attention for two reports: the first questioning the working conditions of India's largest scientific agency; the second questioning the safety of genetically modified food, such as soybeans. During the COVID-19 pandemic, Ayyadurai became known for a social media COVID-19 disinformation campaign, spreading conspiracy theories about the cause of COVID-19, promoting unfounded COVID-19 treatments, and campaigning to fire Anthony Fauci for allegedly being a deep state actor. 
<Darwin_Medal>	The Darwin Medal is one of the medals awarded by the Royal Society for "distinction in evolution, biological diversity and developmental, population and organismal biology".In 1885, International Darwin Memorial Fund was transferred to the Royal Society. The fund was devoted for promotion of biological research, and was used to establish the Darwin Medal. The medal was first awarded to Alfred Russel Wallace in 1890 for "his independent origination of the theory of the origin of species by natural selection." The medal commemorates the work of English biologist Charles Darwin (1809–1882). Darwin, most famous for his 1859 book On the Origin of Species, was a fellow of the Royal Society, and had received the Royal Medal in 1853 and the Copley Medal in 1864.
<Gençlerbirliği_S.K.>	Gençlerbirliği Spor Kulübü (pronounced Turkish pronunciation: [ɟentʃˈlæɾbiɾli.i]), commonly known as Gençlerbirliği, is a Turkish sports club based in Ankara. Formed in 1923, Gençlerbirliği are nicknamed Ankara Rüzgârı (The Wind of Ankara) or simply Gençler (The Youth). The club colours are black and red. The football team currently plays its home matches at Eryaman Stadium, following the closure of the Ankara 19 Mayıs.Domestically, the club have won the Turkish Cup twice, in 1987 and 2001. They have also won the former Turkish Football Championship twice and the regional Ankara Football League a record nine times. In Europe, Gençlerbirliği's greatest success came in 2004. The club reached the fourth round of the UEFA Cup before losing to eventual champions Valencia.
<Viking_FK>	Viking Fotballklubb, commonly known as Viking or Viking Stavanger internationally, is a Norwegian football club from the city of Stavanger. The club was founded in 1899. It is one of the most successful clubs in Norwegian football, having won 8 Norwegian top division titles, most recently in 1991, and 6 domestic Norwegian Cup titles, most recently in 2019. The club has played more top-flight league games than any other club in Norway. It has played in the top division since the league was established, except for the years 1966–67, 1987–88 and 2018. Notable European successes include knocking English side Chelsea out of the UEFA Cup during the 2002–03 season, knocking out Sporting CP from the same tournament in 1999–2000, and qualifying for the group stages of the 2005–06 UEFA Cup.Viking was founded in Stavanger in 1899 and played mainly local games in the early years. From the 1930s, the club established itself at the national level, playing in the 1933 cup final, which it lost to Mjøndalen. During the 1930s the club produced several of its best known players, most prominently Reidar Kvammen, who played in Norway's bronze medal winning 1936 olympic team. His brother Arthur Kvammen was also capped for Norway, while Bernhard Lund later went on to write the club anthem.After the Second World War, Viking became a dominant side in the 1950s, beating Lillestrøm in the 1953 cup final and Sandefjord in the 1959 final, as well as winning the league title in 1957–58. Long-serving goalkeeper Sverre Andersen was the most prominent player in this generation, while Edgar Falch also earned several caps for Norway. Rolf and Kåre Bjørnsen, Asbjørn Skjærpe and Leif Nicolaysen were other prominent players, while a young Olav Nilsen began his remarkable Viking career in 1959. The club attendance record also stems from the semifinal of the 1959 cup, when 18,892 spectators saw Viking beat Odd 4–0.
<The_Beguiled_(1971_film)>	The Beguiled is a 1971 American Southern Gothic film directed by Don Siegel, starring Clint Eastwood, Geraldine Page and Elizabeth Hartman. The script was written by Albert Maltz and is based on the 1966 novel written by Thomas P. Cullinan, originally titled A Painted Devil. The film marks the third of five collaborations between Siegel and Eastwood, following Coogan's Bluff (1968) and Two Mules for Sister Sara (1970), and continuing with Dirty Harry (1971) and Escape from Alcatraz (1979).During the American Civil War in 1863, Amy, a 12-year-old student at the Miss Martha Farnsworth Seminary for Young Ladies in rural Mississippi, discovers a seriously wounded Union soldier, John McBurney. She brings him to the school's gated enclosure where the school headmistress, Martha Farnsworth, first insists on turning him over to Confederate troops, but then decides to restore him to health first. He is initially kept locked in the school's music room and kept under watch. Edwina, the schoolteacher who has had no experience with men, takes an immediate liking to John, as does Carol, a 17-year-old student who makes advances with an experienced air.
<Ismael_Urzaiz>	Ismael Urzaiz Aranda (Spanish pronunciation: [izmaˈel uɾˈθajθ aˈɾanda]; born 7 October 1971) is a Spanish former footballer who played as a centre forward.Best known for his physical strength and aerial ability, the unsuccessful youth graduate at Real Madrid went on to represent seven other teams during his extensive professional career, mainly Athletic Bilbao where he spent 11 years. Over 16 seasons, he amassed La Liga totals of 445 matches and 131 goals (61 headers, record of the competition).
<Lars_von_Trier>	Lars von Trier (né Trier; 30 April 1956) is a Danish filmmaker, actor, and lyricist. Having garnered a reputation as a highly ambitious, polarizing filmmaker, he has been the subject of several controversies: Cannes, in addition to nominating and awarding his films on numerous occasions, once listed him as persona non grata for flippant Nazi remarks during an interview; depictions of graphic violence and unsimulated sex in some of his films have drawn criticism; and he has been accused of mistreating actresses during filming, including Björk and Nicole Kidman. Trier's career has spanned more than four decades and his works have gained notoriety for his trademarks including European frequent actors (particularly Jean-Marc Barr, Udo Kier and Stellan Skarsgård), different thematic trilogies, handheld camerawork, upsetting subject matters, genre and technical innovation, confrontational examination of existential, social, and political issues, and his treatment of subjects such as mercy, sacrifice, and mental health.Von Trier is the creator of the avant-garde filmmaking movement Dogme 95 alongside fellow director Thomas Vinterberg, as well as founder and shareholder of the Danish film production company Zentropa Films, which has sold more than 350 million tickets and garnered eight Academy Award nominations.
<Nolan_Mettetal>	Henry Nolan Mettetal (November 19, 1945 – December 28, 2020) was an American politician from Mississippi.A member of the Republican party, Mettetal served as member of the Mississippi House of Representatives from the 10th District from 2012 to 2020. He previously served on the Mississippi Senate from 1996 to 2012.
<Sam_Schulman>	Samuel Schulman (April 10, 1910 – June 12, 2003) was an American businessman from New York who was a founding owner and President of the Seattle SuperSonics of the National Basketball Association and an owner of the San Diego Chargers of the American Football League, and later the National Football League.Born to a Jewish family on April 10, 1910 in New York City, Schulman graduated from New York University with a bachelor of science degree in 1932. He earned a master's degree from Harvard Business School in 1934. A year later, he took over George McKibben & Son, a bankrupt Brooklyn bookbinding manufacturer, which he turned into a profitable business.
<French_Cathedral,_Berlin>	The French (Reformed) Church of Friedrichstadt (French: Temple de la Friedrichstadt, German: Französische Friedrichstadtkirche, and commonly known as Französischer Dom, meaning 'French cathedral') is in Berlin at the Gendarmenmarkt, across the Konzerthaus and the German Cathedral. The earliest parts of the church date back to 1701, although it was subsequently expanded. After being heavily damaged during World War II, the church was rebuilt and continues to offer church services and concerts.The church is officially known as the "French Church of Friedrichstadt", but is commonly referred to as Französischer Dom, or "French Cathedral". Despite their names, neither of the churches on Gendarmenmarkt is a cathedral, as neither was ever seat of a bishop; instead, the name element Dom ("cathedral" in German) refers to the French word "dôme" (dome/cupola), using terminology as a relic of francophone Frederick the Great, who was instrumental in enhancing Gendarmenmarkt.Louis Cayart and Abraham Quesnay built the first parts of the French Church between 1701 and 1705 for the Huguenot (Calvinist) community. During this time, Huguenots constituted about 25 percent of the city population. The French Church was modelled after the destroyed Huguenot temple in Charenton-Saint-Maurice, France.
<Liberal_Party_of_Australia>	The Liberal Party of Australia is a centre-right political party in Australia, one of the two major parties in Australian politics, along with the centre-left Australian Labor Party. It was founded in 1944 as the successor to the United Australia Party and has since become the most successful political party in Australia's history.The Liberal Party is the dominant partner in the Coalition with the National Party of Australia. At the federal level, the Liberal Party and its predecessors have been in coalition with the National Party since the 1920s. The Coalition was most recently in power from the 2013 federal election to the 2022 federal election, forming the Abbott (2013–2015), Turnbull (2015–2018) and Morrison (2018–2022) governments. After the Liberal Party lost the 2022 Australian federal election, Morrison announced he would step down as leader of the Liberal Party. Deputy Leader Josh Frydenberg also lost his seat, making senior Liberal MP Peter Dutton the most likely to succeed Morrison as the Liberal Party leader.
<Horton_Foote>	Albert Horton Foote Jr. (March 14, 1916 – March 4, 2009) was an American playwright and screenwriter. He received Academy Awards for his screenplays for the 1962 film To Kill a Mockingbird, which was adapted from the 1960 novel of the same name by Harper Lee, and his original screenplay for the film Tender Mercies (1983). He was also known for his notable live television dramas produced during the Golden Age of Television.Foote received the 1995 Pulitzer Prize for Drama for his play The Young Man From Atlanta. He was the inaugural recipient of the Austin Film Festival's Distinguished Screenwriter Award. In 2000, he was awarded the National Medal of Arts.Foote was born in 1916 in Wharton, Texas, the son of Harriet Gautier "Hallie" Brooks (1894–1974) and Albert Horton Foote (1890–1973). His younger brothers were Thomas Brooks Foote (1921–44), who died in aerial combat over Germany during World War II, and John Speed Foote (1923–95).
<Overseas_Chinese_Town_Enterprises>	Overseas Chinese Town Enterprises Co. is a Chinese state-owned enterprise. It was supervised by the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council. Overseas Chinese Town Enterprises is the parent company of publicly traded companies Overseas Chinese Town Limited (SZSE: 000069), Overseas Chinese Town (Asia) (SEHK: 3366, a subsidiary of Overseas Chinese Town Company) and Konka Group (SZSE: 000016). It is engaged in cross-sector and cross-industry operation.The company was founded on 1985 and is headquartered in Shenzhen, China. Since 1985, the company has fostered three leading major businesses in China, which are tourism and related cultural industry, real estate, hotel development, and manufacture of electronic products.  As the listed subsidiary, OCT A provides a platform for capital operation of OCT group. The company is well known for its nationally famous brands, including six Happy Valley amusement parks, Konka Group, Splendid China Folk Village, Window of the World, OCT East, OCT Grand Hotel, Venice Hotel, OCT Harbour and so on.
<Don_Oreck>	Donald Allen Oreck (August 31, 1930[citation needed] — March 5, 2006) was an American actor who, between 1955 and 1961, played supporting roles in numerous television series and made uncredited appearances in a few feature films.A native of Los Angeles, California, Oreck became a member of the Los Angeles Police Department following a stint in the United States Army. While continuing his service with law enforcement, he began taking small acting assignments, which gradually increased in importance until, in the late 1950s, he could be spotted in various installments of television programs.[citation needed]In 1959, Oreck and his wife invested in the film You Hurt, I Cry. He also acted in the film, and she was the producing coordinator. Also in 1959, Oreck portrayed the lead in the episode "Gringo Pete" of Rex Allen's syndicated western series Frontier Doctor.
<King_Faisal_International_Prize>	The King Faisal Prize (Arabic: جائزة الملك فيصل, formerly King Faisal International Prize), is an annual award sponsored by King Faisal Foundation presented to "dedicated men and women whose contributions make a positive difference".  The foundation awards prizes in five categories: Service to Islam; Islamic studies; the Arabic language and Arabic literature; science; and medicine. Three of the prizes are widely considered as the most prestigious awards in the Muslim world.The first King Faisal Prize was awarded to the Pakistani scholar Abul A'la Maududi in the year 1979 for his service to Islam. In 1981, Khalid of Saudi Arabia received the same award.  In 1984, Fahd of Saudi Arabia was the recipient of the award. In 1986, this prize was co-awarded to Ahmed Deedat and French Roger Garaudy.Each year, the selection committees designate subjects in Islamic Studies, Arabic Literature, and Medicine. Selected topics in Islamic Studies category are aimed at highlighting areas of importance in Muslim societies. Arabic Literature  topics relate to specialized areas within the discipline. Topics in Medicine are supposed to reflect current areas of international concern. The Science category covers a broad range of subcategories e.g. physics, mathematics, chemistry and biology.
<Anthony_Grant_(footballer)>	Anthony Grant may refer to:
<Frank_Burr_Mallory>	Frank Burr Mallory (November 12, 1862 – September 27, 1941) was an American pathologist at the Boston City Hospital and Professor of Pathology at Harvard Medical School, after whom the Mallory body is named.The Pathology Department at Boston City Hospital, the Mallory Institute of Pathology, was named after him.Mallory was born in Cleveland, Ohio on 12 November 1862 to George Burr and Anne (Faragher) Mallory, and received his medical degree in 1890 from Harvard Medical School. He became an assistant pathologist at Boston City Hospital in 1891, working under William Thomas Councilman.
<Koji_Nakanishi>	Koji Nakanishi (中西 香爾, Nakanishi Kōji, May 11, 1925 – March 28, 2019) was a Japanese chemist who studied bioorganic chemistry and natural products. He served as Centennial Professor of Chemistry and chair of the Chemistry Department at Columbia University.Nakanishi was born in Hong Kong on May 11, 1925. He first attended the British Boys' School in Alexandria, Egypt. Once he turned 10 his family and he moved back to Japan, where he would attend Yamate primary for a year before transferring over to the junior division of Konan High school. He first applied to Tokyo University only to be rejected, after which he applied and was accepted to Nagoya University. He received his bachelor's degree in chemistry from Nagoya University in 1947 from Prof. Fujio Egami.  Following two years of post-graduate work with Prof. Louis Fieser at Harvard University, he returned to Nagoya University where he completed his Ph.D. in 1954 with Yoshimasa Hirata.Nakanishi took a position as an assistant professor at Nagoya, and then professor of chemistry at Tokyo University of Education (now the University of Tsukuba). In 1963 he moved to Tohoku University in Sendai and remained there until 1969 when he joined the faculty of Columbia University. In 1980 he became Centennial Professor of Chemistry. He was chairman of the Chemistry Department from 1987 to 1990.
<St._Michan's_Church,_Dublin>	St. Michan's Church /ˈmaɪˌkən/ is a Church of Ireland church located in Church Street, Dublin, Ireland. The first Christian chapel on this site dated from 1095, and operated as a Catholic church until the Reformation. The current church dates from 1686, and has served Church of Ireland parishioners in Dublin for more than 300 years. The church is known for its vaults, which contain a number of 'mummified' remains.Built on the site of an early Norse chapel from 1095, the current structure dates largely from a reconstruction undertaken under William Robinson in 1686, but is still the only parish church on the north side of the Liffey surviving from a Viking foundation.
<Donald_Ross_(golfer)>	Donald James Ross (November 23, 1872 – April 26, 1948) was a golf course designer. He was born in Dornoch, Scotland, but became a citizen of and spent most of his adult life in the United States. Ross started his career by being an apprentice to Old Tom Morris at St Andrews in Scotland around 1899. With the help of an American agronomy student, fellow Scotsman Robert White from St. Andrews, Ross decided to move to America. Ross invested all his life savings to move to the United States and walked off the boat with only $2. In America, he got his first job at Oakley Country Club in Watertown, Massachusetts. He quickly rose to the position of golf professional at Pinehurst Resort in North Carolina, where he began his course designing career.Ross learned several skills related to golf throughout his life such as greens keeping, club making, golf pro, and architect. Ross got his first job at the Royal Dornoch Golf Club, where he played while growing up, working as a greens keeper. Ross served an apprenticeship with Old Tom Morris in St Andrews before investing his life savings in a trip to the U.S. After his year long apprenticeship he went back to the Royal Dornoch Golf Club where he honed his playing abilities while also taking care of the greens and making clubs. Later in 1899, with the encouragement and support of Harvard astronomy professor and Salem and Petersham, Massachusetts resident Robert W. Willson, he obtained his first job in America at Oakley Country Club in Watertown, Massachusetts. In 1900 he was appointed as the golf professional at the Pinehurst Resort in North Carolina, where he began his course design career and eventually designed four courses. He then began running a substantial practice with summer offices in Little Compton, Rhode Island. At its height, Donald J. Ross and Associates, as his practice was known, oversaw the work of thousands of people. However, Ross always kept up his professional golf standing. His brother Alec won the 1907 U.S. Open.
<Nelson_Riddle>	Nelson Smock Riddle Jr. (June 1, 1921 – October 6, 1985) was an American arranger, composer, bandleader and orchestrator whose career stretched from the late 1940s to the mid-1980s. He worked with many world-famous vocalists at Capitol Records, including Frank Sinatra, Ella Fitzgerald, Nat King Cole, Judy Garland, Dean Martin, Peggy Lee, Johnny Mathis, Rosemary Clooney and Keely Smith. He scored and arranged music for many films and television shows, earning an Academy Award and three Grammy Awards. He found commercial and critical success with a new generation in the 1980s, in a trio of Platinum albums with Linda Ronstadt.Riddle was born in Oradell, New Jersey, the only child to survive to birth, and after, of Marie Albertine Riddle (a native of  Mulhouse, France, whose father was Spanish) and Nelson Smock Riddle, who was of English-Irish and Dutch descent. His mother had suffered six miscarriages and one stillbirth in her lifetime. It was his mother's second marriage. The family later moved to nearby Ridgewood.Following his father's interest in music, he began taking piano lessons at age eight and trombone lessons at age fourteen. He was encouraged to continue his musical pursuits at Ridgewood High School.
<Emmis_Communications>	Emmis Communications is an American media conglomerate based in Indianapolis, Indiana. Emmis, based on the Hebrew word for Truth (Emet) was founded by Jeff Smulyan in 1980. Emmis has owned many radio stations, including KPWR and WQHT, which have notoriety for their Hip Hop Rhythmic format as well as WFAN, which was the world's first 24-hour sports talk radio station. In addition to radio, Emmis has invested in TV, publishing, and mobile operations around the United States.In 1980, Emmis Broadcasting founder Jeffrey Smulyan purchased his first radio station, WSVL-FM Shelbyville, Indiana. In July 1981, Smulyan changed the format from country music to adult contemporary and renamed the station WENS and later to WLHK.
<Stephen_Rucker>	Stephen Donald Rucker (born June 27, 1949) is an American composer. Rucker studied piano with M. Mendelsohn of the Paris Conservatory.He has composed and conducted for the London Symphony Orchestra in the animated film, Little Nemo: Adventures in Slumberland, with Thomas Chase. He has worked on film scores for animated series including Dexter's Laboratory, The Powerpuff Girls, and Jonny Quest. He also composed the score for another Cartoon Network series, Codename: Kids Next Door, with Thomas Chase. Rucker and Chase also provided musical score for Alvin and the ChipmunksHe was awarded Best Original Score for the Civil War drama Josephine at the 2016 Richmond International Film Festival. He composed film trailer cues including  work for Goldwing (1978) Coco, Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales, Hidden Figures, Jack Reacher: Never Go Back and Designated Survivor (ABC). He also continues to contribute for reality TV including Survivor and The Dog Whisperer.This article about an American composer born in the 20th century is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Procor>	Procor is a Canadian company producing railway shipping cars. It is Canada's largest private rail car rental fleet, with more than 30,000 conventional and special-purpose tank and freight cars. Linked to Sparling Tank Car of Toronto, Procor was founded in 1952 as Products Tank Line Limited and became an affiliate of US-based Union Tank Car Company.  The company, which shortened its name to Procor in 1962, is headquartered in Oakville, Ontario.Procor manufactured cars in its Oakville shops until 2002, but now sources from parent Union Tank Car's plant in Alexandria, Louisiana and Sheldon, Texas.
<Quincy_Owusu-Abeyie>	Quincy Jamie Owusu-Abeyie (born 15 April 1986), often known simply as Quincy, is a former professional footballer who plays as a forward or left winger for Dutch amateur club SV Robinhood. Quincy is also a rapper, who goes by the name BLOW.He began his career with Ajax before moving to Arsenal as a 16-year-old. He went on to play for clubs in a variety of countries: Spartak Moscow of the Russian Premier League, Spanish clubs Celta Vigo and Málaga, Birmingham City, Cardiff City and Portsmouth in the English leagues, Al-Sadd of Qatar, Superleague Greece club Panathinaikos, Boavista of Portugal, and most recently in his native Netherlands with NEC.
<David_Brewster>	Sir David Brewster KH PRSE FRS FSA Scot FSSA MICE (11 December 1781 – 10 February 1868) was a British scientist, inventor, author, and academic administrator. In science he is principally remembered for his experimental work in physical optics, mostly concerned with the study of the polarization of light and including the discovery of Brewster's angle. He studied the birefringence of crystals under compression and discovered photoelasticity, thereby creating the field of optical mineralogy. For this work, William Whewell dubbed him the "father of modern experimental optics" and "the Johannes Kepler of optics."A pioneer in photography, Brewster invented an improved stereoscope, which he called "lenticular stereoscope" and which became the first portable 3D-viewing device. He also invented the stereoscopic camera, two types of polarimeters, the polyzonal lens, the lighthouse illuminator, and the kaleidoscope.
<Edmund_Francis_Law>	Edmund Francis Law, usually referred to as 'E. F. Law', (26 April 1810 – 14 April 1882, in Northampton) FRIBA was an English architect during the 19th century, notable for a large number of projects, particularly restorations, in the counties of Northamptonshire, Leicestershire and Rutland.His practice was based in Northampton from 1837 operating from Priory Cottage in the town. He became a Fellow of the Royal Institute of British Architects in 1862, proposed by George Gilbert Scott and others. He was also Northamptonshire County and Northampton Town Surveyor and served as Mayor of Northampton Borough in 1859.  He went into partnership with Robert Clarke in 1848. This partnership was short-lived, and dissolved on 31 July 1849.
<Grimsby_Town_F.C.>	Grimsby Town Football Club is a professional football club based in Cleethorpes, North East Lincolnshire, England, that in the 2022–23 season will compete in EFL League Two, the fourth tier of the English football league system, following the victory in the 2022 National League play-off Final. Nicknamed "the Mariners", the club was founded as Grimsby Pelham Football Club in 1878, changed its name to Grimsby Town a year later, and moved to its current stadium, Blundell Park, in 1898.Grimsby Town are the most successful team of the three professional clubs in historic Lincolnshire, being the only one to play top-flight English football. It is also the only club of the three to reach an FA Cup semi-final (doing so on two occasions, both times during the 1930s). It has also spent more time in the English game's first and second tiers than any other club from Lincolnshire. Notable former managers include Bill Shankly, who went on to guide Liverpool to three League titles, two FA Cups and a UEFA Cup triumph, and Lawrie McMenemy who, after securing promotion to the then Third Division in 1972, moved to Southampton where he won the FA Cup in 1976. Alan Buckley is the club's most successful manager; he had three spells between 1988 and 2008, guiding the club to three promotions and two appearances at Wembley Stadium during the 1997–98 season, winning both the Football League Trophy and the Football League Second Division play-off Final. In 2008, Buckley took Grimsby to the capital again, but lost out to MK Dons in the final of the Football League Trophy. The Mariners had also reached the Football League Two play-off Final in 2006 at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff, but lost the match 1–0 to Cheltenham Town, Later trips to Wembley in 2013 and 2016 saw them defeated in the FA Trophy final by Wrexham and F.C. Halifax Town respectively, having also lost at the venue in the 2015 National League play-off final to Bristol Rovers before finally gaining promotion by winning the 2016 final against Forest Green Rovers. Grimsby were again relegated out of the Football League in 2021, but secured an immediate promotion at the first attempt with victory over Solihull Moors in the 2022 National League play-off final at the London Stadium.
<National_Educational_Television>	National Educational Television (NET) was an American educational broadcast television network owned by the Ford Foundation and later co-owned by the Corporation for Public Broadcasting. It operated from May 16, 1954 to October 4, 1970, and was succeeded by the Public Broadcasting Service (PBS), which has memberships with many television stations that were formerly part of NET. The Council on Library and Information Resources (CLIR) provided funds for cataloging the NET collection, and as part of an on-going preservation effort with the Library of Congress, over 10,000 digitized television programs from the non-commercial TV stations and producers spanning 1952 to 1972 have been contributed to the American Archive of Public Broadcasting.
<Milk_(film)>	Milk is a nutrient liquid produced by mammary glands of mammals.Milk may also refer to:
<Dana_Scott>	Dana Stewart Scott (born October 11, 1932) is an American logician who is the emeritus Hillman University Professor of Computer Science, Philosophy, and Mathematical Logic at Carnegie Mellon University; he is now retired and lives in Berkeley, California. His work on automata theory earned him the Turing Award in 1976, while his collaborative work with Christopher Strachey in the 1970s laid the foundations of modern approaches to the semantics of programming languages. He has worked also on modal logic, topology, and category theory.He received his B.A. in Mathematics from the University of California, Berkeley, in 1954. He wrote his Ph.D. thesis on Convergent Sequences of Complete Theories under the supervision of Alonzo Church while at Princeton, and defended his thesis in 1958. Solomon Feferman (2005) writes of this period:Scott began his studies in logic at Berkeley in the early 50s while still an undergraduate.  His unusual abilities were soon recognized and he quickly moved on to graduate classes and seminars with Tarski and became part of the group that surrounded him, including me and Richard Montague; so it was at that time that we became friends.  Scott was clearly in line to do a Ph. D. with Tarski, but they had a falling out for reasons explained in our biography.  Upset by that, Scott left for Princeton where he finished with a Ph. D. under Alonzo Church.  But it was not long before the relationship between them was mended to the point that Tarski could say to him, "I hope I can call you my student."
<Bexhill_West_branch_line>	The Bexhill West branch line was a short double-track branch line which was opened on 1 June 1902. It was built by the Crowhurst, Sidley & Bexhill Railway under the patronage of the South Eastern Railway.  The Chief Engineer to the project was Lt Col Arthur John Barry. Diverging from the Hastings Line at Crowhurst, an intermediate station at Sidley was served before the terminus was reached at Bexhill West. The line was closed under the Beeching Axe on 15 June 1964.In the late nineteenth century, Bexhill had expanded rapidly. The town had been served by the London, Brighton and South Coast Railway since the opening of Bexhill Central on 27 June 1846. In 1896, a line was promoted by the Crowhurst, Sidley and Bexhill Railway, which was nominally independent. The scheme was supported by the South Eastern Railway, which entered into an operating arrangement with the London, Chatham and Dover Railway which came into effect on 1 January 1899, forming the South Eastern and Chatham Railway. The Crowhurst, Sidley & Bexhill Railway Company was incorporated in 1897, and permission was granted in that year for the line's construction.  Lt Col Arthur John Barry was appointed as Chief Engineer to the project.
<SBS_Sports>	SBS Sports is a South Korean pay television sports channel that broadcasts major sports events including the Olympics, FIFA World Cup and professional sports in Korea such as baseball and volleyball. It also broadcasts the Ligue 1, boxing matches and ISU Figure skating matches.SBS Sports is currently run by CEO Kim Kee-sung.In 1995, the channel was launched as Korea Sports TV. Five years later, in 2000, it was rebranded as SBS Sports Channel. In 2010, due to a partnership with ESPN, the channel was again rebranded as SBS ESPN. In 2014, the name is reduced to SBS Sports.
<El_Paso,_Texas>	El Paso (/ɛl ˈpæsoʊ/; Spanish: [el ˈpaso] "the pass") is a city in and the seat of El Paso County in the western corner of the U.S. state of Texas. The 2020 population of the city from the U.S. Census Bureau was 678,815, making it the 23rd-largest city in the U.S., the sixth-largest city in Texas, and the second-largest city in the Southwestern United States behind Phoenix, Arizona. The city is also the second-largest majority-Hispanic city in the U.S., with 81% of its population being Hispanic. Its metropolitan statistical area covers all of El Paso and Hudspeth counties in Texas, and had a population of 868,859 in 2020. El Paso has consistently been ranked as one of the safest large cities in America.El Paso stands on the Rio Grande across the Mexico–United States border from Ciudad Juárez, the most-populous city in the Mexican state of Chihuahua with over 1.5 million people. The Las Cruces area, in the neighboring U.S. state of New Mexico, has a population of 219,561. On the U.S. side, the El Paso metropolitan area forms part of the larger El Paso–Las Cruces combined statistical area, with a population of 1,088,420.
<Carol_W._Greider>	Carolyn Widney Greider (born April 15, 1961) is an American molecular biologist and Nobel laureate. She joined the University of California, Santa Cruz as a Distinguished Professor in the department of molecular, cell, and developmental biology in October 2020.Greider discovered the enzyme telomerase in 1984, while she was a graduate student of Elizabeth Blackburn at the University of California, Berkeley. Greider pioneered research on the structure of telomeres, the ends of the chromosomes. She was awarded the 2009 Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine, along with Blackburn and Jack W. Szostak, for their discovery that telomeres are protected from progressive shortening by the enzyme telomerase.
<Alan_Khazei>	Alan Khazei (KAY-zee; born May 28, 1961) is an American social entrepreneur.  He served as chief executive officer of City Year, an AmeriCorps national service program he co-founded with Michael Brown, his friend and roommate at Harvard College and Harvard Law School.Khazei has led two unsuccessful campaigns for U.S. Senator from Massachusetts. He placed third in the Democratic primary in the 2010 special election, and withdrew from the primary in the 2012 election due to lack of funds and media attention after Elizabeth Warren got into the race. In September 2019, Khazei announced a run for U.S. Representative from Massachusetts's 4th congressional district. On September 1, 2020 Khazei placed sixth with 9.1% of the vote, and was defeated by Jake Auchincloss.
<Action_Pack_(television)>	Action Pack, also called Universal Action Pack, was a syndicated programming block series of television movies and television series created by Universal Television that aired from 1994 until 2001. The Action Pack included two hours of various television series produced by Renaissance Pictures and distributed by MCA TV (later known as Universal Television Enterprises and Studios USA Television Distribution).Previously, there were three attempts by MCA TV/Universal Television to launch some sort of organized independent programming. First, MCA TV launched the ad hoc movie Universal Pictures Debut Network in 1985. With Premier Program Service, MCA TV teamed up with Paramount for this planned network by October 1989 which was abandoned in February 1990. The last was a two night three-series Hollywood Premiere Network in 1990–91.In 1994, the Action Pack initially ran as a Wheel series of television movies, which were all effectively pilots; if successful, they would become TV series the following season. The initial plan was for four films created from six franchises for the block including TekWar, Smokey and the Bandit, Midnight Run, Hercules: The Legendary Journeys, Vanishing Son and the working title Fastlane when offered at programming executive conference in January 1994.
<Stanley_Wolpert>	Stanley Wolpert (December 23, 1927 – February 19, 2019) was an American historian,  Indologist, and author on the political and intellectual history of modern India and Pakistan and wrote fiction and nonfiction books on the topics. He taught at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) from 1959–2002.Stanley Albert Wolpert was born on December 23, 1927 in Brooklyn, New York to Russian Jewish parents. While serving as an engineer aboard a U.S. Merchant Marine ship, he arrived in Bombay, India for the first time on February 12, 1948. Upon arriving, he was both fascinated and overwhelmed by the extraordinary outpouring of grief over the death of Mahatma Gandhi—whom he then knew very little about—just two weeks earlier. Atop a hill, he witnessed numerous mourning Indians who were rushing to touch the ashes of Gandhi as the ship on which the urn was placed weighed anchor to scatter a portion of his ashes into the water below. On returning home, he abandoned his career in marine engineering for the study of Indian history. He received a B.A. from City College in 1953, and an M.A. and Ph.D. from the University of Pennsylvania in 1955 and 1959. with a dissertation (published as Tilak and Gokhale) on the revolutionary and reform wings of the Indian National Congress. The dissertation was one of the two books selected for the now discontinued biennial Watumull Prize of the American Historical Association in 1962, a prize recognizing "the best book on the history of India originally published in the United States."Wolpert began his academic career in 1959, when he took a job as an instructor in the Department of History at UCLA. He was promoted in 1960-63 to assistant professor; 1963-66 associate professor; 1967 full professor. In 1968 he was appointed department chair. He was later an emeritus professor.
<Walter_Kingsmill>	Sir Walter Kingsmill (10 April 1864 – 15 January 1935) was an Australian politician who served as a Senator for Western Australia from 1923 to 1935. He was President of the Senate from 1929 to 1932.Kingsmill was born on 10 April 1864 in Glenelg, South Australia. He was the son of Jane Elizabeth (née Haslam) and Walter Kingsmill; his father was a pastoralist.
<Our_Town>	Our Town is a 1938 metatheatrical three-act play by American playwright Thornton Wilder which won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama. The play tells the story of the fictional American small town of Grover's Corners between 1901 and 1913 through the everyday lives of its citizens.Throughout, Wilder uses metatheatrical devices, setting the play in the actual theatre where it is being performed.  The main character is the stage manager of the theatre who directly addresses the audience, brings in guest lecturers, fields questions from the audience, and fills in playing some of the roles.  The play is performed without a set on a mostly bare stage.  With a few exceptions, the actors mime actions without the use of props.
<Progressive_Policy_Institute>	The Progressive Policy Institute (PPI) is a non-profit, 501(c)(3) organization that serves as a public policy think tank in the United States. The Democratic Leadership Council (DLC) founded it in 1989. The Washington Post has described it as "a centrist Democratic institution."Its current president is Will Marshall, who writes on foreign policy, defense, national service, globalization, trade policy, and cultural issues. The organization's executive director is Lindsay Lewis. Its chief economic strategist is Michael Mandel, who writes on innovation, growth, and regulatory policy. Several former leading government officials have held senior positions or affiliations with the organization, including William Galston, Austan Goolsbee, Elaine Kamarck, Bruce Reed, Andrew Rotherham, Robert J. Shapiro, Paul Weinstein, and Ed Gresser.
<Hunter_(U.S._TV_series)>	A hunter is a person who hunts.Hunter may also refer to:
<Planet_51>	Planet 51 is a 2009 computer-animated science fiction comedy film directed by Jorge Blanco and co-directed by Javier Abad and Marcos Martínez, from a script by Joe Stillman,  based on an original idea by Javier Abad, Jorge Blanco, Marcos Martínez and Ignacio Pérez Dolset. Starring Dwayne Johnson, Jessica Biel, Justin Long, Gary Oldman, Seann William Scott and John Cleese, the film follows an astronaut who lands on an alien planet, as one of the aliens helps him return to his ship while evading the military.An international co-production by Spain, United Kingdom, United States, and Canada, with the studios Ilion Animation Studios based in Madrid, and HandMade Films in London, the film was originally acquired for North American distribution by New Line Cinema, but then sold to Sony Pictures before completion. Originally titled Planet One, and later named as an allusion to Area 51, the film was completed on a $70 million budget, which, as of 2010, was the most expensive film produced in Spain.
<Nadja_Tiller>	Nadja Tiller (born 16 March 1929 in Vienna, Austria) is an Austrian actress. She was one of the most popular German-speaking actresses of international films of the 1950s and 1960s.Nadja Tiller, daughter of actor Anton Tiller of Vienna and his wife Erika Tiller (1902-1979) (formerly Erika Körner), an opera singer and actress from Danzig, attended a Realgymnasium secondary school in Vienna.  In 1945 she began her studies at the Max-Reinhardt-Seminar, which she later continued until 1949 at the Musik- und Schauspielakademie. In the same year she became an ensemble member at the Theater in der Josefstadt.  She won the Miss Austria competition in 1949, a national beauty pageant for unmarried women in Austria. She had her major film debut in 1952 in Märchen vom Glück (Good Luck Fairytale).
<Chia-Chiao_Lin>	Chia-Chiao Lin (Chinese: 林家翹; 7 July 1916 – 13 January 2013) was a Chinese-born American applied mathematician and Institute Professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.Lin made major contributions to the theory of hydrodynamic stability, turbulent flow, mathematics, and astrophysics.Lin was born in Beijing with ancestral roots in Fuzhou. In 1937 Lin graduated from the department of physics, National Tsinghua University in Beijing. 
<Emmy_Award>	The Emmy Awards, or Emmys, are an extensive range of awards for artistic and technical merit for the American and international television industry. A number of annual Emmy Award ceremonies are held throughout the calendar year, each with their own set of rules and award categories. The two events that receive the most media coverage are the Primetime Emmy Awards and the Daytime Emmy Awards, which recognize outstanding work in American primetime and daytime entertainment programming, respectively. Other notable U.S. national Emmy events include the Children's & Family Emmy Awards for children's and family-oriented television programming, the Sports Emmy Awards for sports programming, News & Documentary Emmy Awards for news and documentary shows, and the Technology & Engineering Emmy Awards and the Primetime Engineering Emmy Awards for technological and engineering achievements. Regional Emmy Awards are also presented throughout the country at various times through the year, recognizing excellence in local and statewide television. In addition, the International Emmy Awards honor excellence in TV programming produced and initially aired outside the United States.The Emmy statuette, depicting a winged woman holding an atom, is named after "immy", an informal term for the image orthicon tube that was common in early television cameras. It is considered one of the four major annual American entertainment awards, along with the Grammy for music, the Oscar (Academy Award) for film, and the Tony for stage theatre.
<Chen_Kaige>	Chen Kaige (Chinese: 陈凯歌; born 12 August 1952) is a Chinese film director and a leading figure of the fifth generation of Chinese cinema. His films are known for their visual flair and epic storytelling. Chen won the Palme d'Or at 1993 Cannes Film Festival and the International Federation of Film Critics (FIPRESCI) Award in 1993 for directing Farewell My Concubine.In recent years, Chen directed the war film The Battle at Lake Changjin and its sequel with Tsui Hark and Dante Lam, with the two films characterized by propagandistic storytelling and made in cooperation with the Chinese Communist Party.Chen Kaige was born in Beijing, China into a family of Changle, Fuzhou origin, and grew up with fellow Fifth Generation alumnus Tian Zhuangzhuang as a childhood friend. His father Chen Huai'ai [zh] was a well-known director in his own right. His mother Liu Yanchi (刘燕驰) was a senior screenwriter. During the Cultural Revolution, Chen joined the Red Guards. As a teenage member of the Red Guards, Chen, like many other youths, denounced his own father, a fateful decision he eventually learned to regret. Indeed, this period of his life continues to influence much of his work today, notably in the unblinking depictions of the Cultural Revolution in Farewell My Concubine, and in the father-son relationship in Together. In 1969, Chen became a sent-down youth in Xishuangbanna Agricultural Reclamation Bureau for a short while before enlisting the People's Liberation Army (PLA) next year. In 1975, Chen was discharged from the army and returned to Beijing, where he worked as a worker in Beijing Film Printing Factory. Chen in 1978 joined the Beijing Film Academy, where he graduated in 1982 as part of the so-called Fifth Generation of Chinese filmmakers.
<Princeton,_New_Jersey>	Princeton is a municipality with a borough form of government in Mercer County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey. It was established on January 1, 2013, through the consolidation of the Borough of Princeton and Princeton Township, both of which are now defunct. Centrally located within the Raritan Valley region, Princeton is a regional commercial hub for the Central New Jersey region and a commuter town in the New York metropolitan area. As of the 2010 United States census, the municipality's population was 28,572, reflecting the former township's population of 16,265, along with the 12,307 in the former borough.Princeton was founded before the American Revolutionary War. It is the home of Princeton University, which bears its name and moved to the community in 1756 from its previous location in Newark. Although its association with the university is primarily what makes Princeton a college town, other important institutions in the area include the Institute for Advanced Study, Westminster Choir College, Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory, Princeton Theological Seminary, Opinion Research Corporation, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Siemens Corporate Research, SRI International, FMC Corporation, The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, Amrep, Church and Dwight, Berlitz International, and Dow Jones & Company.
<Thierry_Breton>	Thierry Breton (French pronunciation: ​[tjɛʁi bʁətɔ̃]; born 15 January 1955) is a French business executive, politician, writer and the current Commissioner for Internal Market of the European Union.Breton was vice-chairman and CEO of Groupe Bull (1996–1997), chairman and CEO of Thomson-RCA (1997–2002) and chairman and CEO of France Télécom (2002–2005). In 2005 he entered politics serving as Minister of Economy, Finance and Industry (2005–2007) in the governments of Prime Ministers Jean-Pierre Raffarin and Dominique de Villepin, during the presidency of Jacques Chirac. From 2007 to 2008 he was a professor at Harvard Business School before joining group Atos from 2009 to 2019 as its CEO.
<George_Davis_(New_Zealand_politician)>	George Davis JP (1876 – 20 September 1937) was a New Zealand politician and trade unionist.Born in England in 1876, Davis sailed to New Zealand as a child settling in Auckland and eventually became a trade unionist. He became the Secretary of the Auckland Drivers' Union in 1899, a position he held until retiring just prior to his death due to ill health. At 38 years of service he was the longest serving union secretary in Auckland. In 1909 he was made a Justice of the Peace.
<Thesmophoriazusae>	Thesmophoriazusae (Greek: Θεσμοφοριάζουσαι; Thesmophoriazousai, meaning Women Celebrating the Festival of the Thesmophoria), or Women at the Thesmophoria (sometimes also called The Poet and the Women), is one of eleven surviving plays by Aristophanes. It was first produced in 411 BC, probably at the City Dionysia. The play's focuses include the subversive role of women in a male-dominated society; the vanity of contemporary poets, such as the tragic playwrights Euripides and Agathon; and the shameless, enterprising vulgarity of an ordinary Athenian, as represented in this play by the protagonist, Mnesilochus. The work is also notable for Aristophanes' free adaptation of key structural elements of Old Comedy and for the absence of the anti-populist and anti-war comments that pepper his earlier work. It was produced in the same year as Lysistrata, another play with sexual themes.How Thesmophoriazusae fared in the City Dionysia drama competition is unknown, but the play has been considered one of Aristophanes' most brilliant parodies of Athenian society.This bold statement by Euripides is the absurd premise upon which the whole play depends. The women are incensed by his plays' portrayal of the female sex as mad, murderous, and sexually depraved, and they are using the festival of the Thesmophoria (an annual fertility celebration dedicated to Demeter) as an opportunity to debate a suitable choice of revenge.
<Haruki_Murakami>	Haruki Murakami (村上 春樹, Murakami Haruki, born January 12, 1949) is a Japanese writer. His novels, essays, and short stories have been bestsellers in Japan and internationally, with his work translated into 50 languages and having sold millions of copies outside Japan. He has received numerous awards for his work, including the Gunzou Prize for New Writers, the World Fantasy Award, the Frank O'Connor International Short Story Award, the Franz Kafka Prize, and the Jerusalem Prize.Growing up in Kobe before moving to Tokyo to attend Waseda University, he published his first novel Hear the Wind Sing (1979) after working as the owner of a small jazz bar for seven years. His notable works include the novels Norwegian Wood (1987), The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle (1994–95), Kafka on the Shore (2002), and 1Q84 (2009–10), with 1Q84 ranked as the best work of Japan's Heisei era (1989–2019) by the national newspaper Asahi Shimbun's survey of literary experts. His work spans genres including science fiction, fantasy, and crime fiction, and has become known for its use of magical realist elements. His official website lists Raymond Chandler, Kurt Vonnegut, and Richard Brautigan as key inspirations to his work, while Murakami himself has cited Kazuo Ishiguro, Cormac McCarthy, and Dag Solstad as his favourite currently active writers. Murakami has also published five short story collections, including his most recently published work, First Person Singular (2020), and non-fiction works including Underground (1997), inspired by personal interviews Murakami conducted with victims of the Tokyo subway sarin attack, and What I Talk About When I Talk About Running (2007), a series of personal essays about his experience as a marathon runner.
<Robert_Bage>	Robert Bage (11 March 1730 – 1 September 1801) was an English businessman and novelist.Born in Darley Abbey, near Derby, Bage was the son of a paper-maker who had four wives, the first of whom was Bage's mother. She died soon after his birth. Bage received his early education at a common school in Derby, where he was an excellent student. He attained a working knowledge of Latin by the age of seven. He was given his training as a paper-maker while he was an apprentice to his father. At the age of 23 Bage married a beautiful and wealthy young woman. With the boost in his finances he set up a paper-manufacturing business in Elford, Staffordshire, which he continued until his death.Bage was a skilled businessman and his smooth running of his business allowed him time for intellectual pursuits. He learned the French language on his own, through books, and studied mathematics. In 1765 he entered into a partnership in an iron foundry with three other men including Erasmus Darwin. After 14 years in business the partnership was terminated, leaving Bage with a loss of more than 1,000 pounds. This was a considerable loss, and Bage decided to begin his career in literature partly to make up for it. He published his first novel, Mount Henneth, in 1781.
<Jeremiah_Dixon>	Jeremiah Dixon FRS (27 July 1733 – 22 January 1779) was an English surveyor and astronomer who is best known for his work with Charles Mason, from 1763 to 1767, in determining what was later called the Mason–Dixon line.Dixon was born in Cockfield, near Bishop Auckland, County Durham, in 1733, one of seven children, to George Dixon, a coal mine owner, and Mary Hunter, a native of Newcastle who was said to have been "the cleverest woman" to ever marry into the Dixon family. Dixon became interested in astronomy and mathematics during his education at Barnard Castle. Early in life he made acquaintances with the eminent intellectuals of Southern Durham: mathematician William Emerson, and astronomers John Bird and Thomas Wright. 
<Wallace_Huo>	Wallace Huo Chien-hwa (Chinese: 霍建華; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Hok Kiàn-hôa, born 26 December 1979) is a Taiwanese actor, singer and producer. He is known for his roles in At Dolphin Bay (2003), Chinese Paladin 3 (2009), Swordsman (2013), Battle of Changsha (2014), The Journey of Flower (2015), Love Me If You Dare (2015) and Ruyi's Royal Love in the Palace (2018)Huo ranked 82nd on Forbes China Celebrity 100 list in 2014, 48th in 2015, 22nd in 2017, and 66th in 2019.Huo was born in Taipei, Taiwan on 26 December 1979 to Liu Yu and Huo Chao-Ku. He has one brother, Huo Chien-yuan. His family originated from Shandong; his parents were natives of Longkou and Tianjin respectively. His grandfather was a follower of Sun Yat-sen and in October 1949, his family moved to Taiwan. Both his parents worked in the court system and his brother is a police officer. His parents divorced when he was young.
<Arthur_Golden>	Arthur Sulzberger Golden (born December 6, 1956) is an American writer. He is the author of the bestselling novel Memoirs of a Geisha (1997).Golden was born in Chattanooga, Tennessee, the son of Ruth (née Sulzberger) and Ben Hale Golden. His mother was Jewish. His father was not. Through his mother he is a member of the Ochs-Sulzberger family. His mother was a daughter of long-time New York Times publisher Arthur Hays Sulzberger and granddaughter of New York Times owner and publisher Adolph Ochs. His parents divorced when he was eight years old. His father died five years after. He was raised in Lookout Mountain, Georgia and attended Lookout Mountain Elementary School in Lookout Mountain, Tennessee.
<Maurine_Neuberger>	Maurine Neuberger-Solomon, best known as Maurine Neuberger (née Brown; January 9, 1907 – February 22, 2000) was an American politician who served as a United States senator for the State of Oregon from November 1960 to January 1967. She was the fourth woman elected to the United States Senate and the tenth woman to serve in the body. She and her husband, Richard L. Neuberger, are regarded as the Senate's first husband-and-wife legislative team. To date, she is the only woman elected to the U.S. Senate from Oregon.Neuberger was born in Cloverdale, Tillamook County, Oregon. She attended public schools, the Oregon College of Education at Monmouth from 1922 to 1924, graduated from the University of Oregon in 1929 with a Bachelor of Arts.  She was an alumna of the Delta Zeta sorority. She was selected to Mortar Board National College Senior Honor Society in her junior year. She then undertook graduate study at the University of California at Los Angeles from 1936 to 1937. Brown was a teacher in Oregon public schools between 1932 and 1944; in 1937, while teaching in a Portland high school, she met Richard L. Neuberger. The couple married in 1945, after Neuberger completed his service in World War II.Maurine Neuberger entered politics herself in 1950 when she was elected a member of the State House of Representatives and served from 1950 to 1955. In 1952, when she was reelected to the state House and her husband was reelected to the state Senate, she won with more votes than her husband. During this period she was also a member of the board of directors of the American Association for the United Nations. Richard was elected to the United States Senate in 1954.
<Mike_Montgomery>	Michael John Montgomery (born February 27, 1947) is a retired American basketball coach. He is best known for his 18-year tenure at Stanford (1986–2004), where he led the program to 12 NCAA Tournaments, including a Final Four appearance in 1998. Montgomery previously served as head coach at the Montana (1978–1986). Following his time at Stanford, he coached the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association (NBA) for two seasons (2004–2006) before ending his career at the University of California (2008–2014). He announced his retirement from coaching following the 2013–14 season.Over his 32-year collegiate coaching career, Montgomery made 16 NCAA Tournaments, captured 6 conference championships, and amassed nearly 700 victories. He also led Stanford to the NIT championship in 1991.Born and raised in Long Beach, California, Montgomery graduated from its Millikan High School and attended Long Beach State. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in physical education from Long Beach State and later a Master's degree in physical education from Colorado State University in Fort Collins. Montgomery is an alumni member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity, which he joined while at Long Beach State.
<Jeff_Andrus>	Jeffery Hughes "Jeff" Andrus (/ˈændrəs/; March 19, 1947 – March 27, 2011) was an American author, best known for having written The Proverb (2004), adapting Pope John Paul II's 1960 play The Jeweler's Shop, Doc (1971), As Summers Die, and the Tracer Family mystery fiction series. Additionally, Andrus wrote and made a cameo appearance in the 2004 Award-Winning short film The Proverb along with Scott Waara and Nancy Stafford.Andrus was born in King City, California and graduated from Stanford University. He married Gwyneth in about 1969. Andrus died on March 27, 2011, of congestive heart failure.
<Jay_Wright_Forrester>	Jay Wright Forrester (July 14, 1918 – November 16, 2016) was a pioneering American computer engineer and systems scientist. He is credited with being one of the inventors of magnetic core memory, the predominant form of random-access computer memory during the most explosive years of digital computer development (between 1955 and 1975). It was part of a family of related technologies which bridged the gap between vacuum tubes and semiconductors by exploiting the magnetic properties of materials to perform switching and amplification.He is also believed to have created the first animation in the history of computer graphics, a "jumping ball" on an oscilloscope.Later, he was a professor at the MIT Sloan School of Management, where he introduced the Forrester effect describing fluctuations in supply chains, and is credited as the founder of system dynamics, which deals with the simulation of interactions between objects in dynamic systems and is most often applied to research and consulting in organizations and other social systems. 
<Michael_Aschbacher>	Michael George Aschbacher (born April 8, 1944) is an American mathematician best known for his work on finite groups. He was a leading figure in the completion of the classification of finite simple groups in the 1970s and 1980s. It later turned out that the classification was incomplete, because the case of quasithin groups had not been finished. This gap was fixed by Aschbacher and Stephen D. Smith in 2004, in a pair of books comprising about 1300 pages. Aschbacher is currently the Shaler Arthur Hanisch Professor of Mathematics at the California Institute of Technology.Aschbacher received his B.S. at the California Institute of Technology in 1966 and his Ph.D. at the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1969. He joined the faculty of the California Institute of Technology in 1970 and became a full professor in 1976. He was a visiting scholar at the Institute for Advanced Study in 1978–79. He was awarded the Cole Prize in 1980, and was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 1990. In 1992, Aschbacher was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. He was awarded the Rolf Schock Prize for Mathematics by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in 2011. In 2012 he received the Leroy P. Steele Prize for Mathematical Exposition and the Wolf Prize in Mathematics, and became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.In 1973, Aschbacher became a leading figure in the classification of finite simple groups. Aschbacher considered himself somewhat of an outsider in the world of conventional group theory, claiming that he was not "plugged into the system at that point in time". Although he had access to several preprints that were shared among the practitioners of the field, he reproduced many proofs that had already been discovered by other researchers and published them in his early papers. Aschbacher only became interested in finite simple groups as a postdoctorate. He wrote his dissertation in combinatorics and was able to utilize many techniques developed in this area to make early contributions to the study of finite simple groups, which surprised the community of researchers. In particular, Daniel Gorenstein, another leader of the classification of finite simple groups, said that Aschbacher's entrance was "dramatic".
<Mana_Ashida>	Mana Ashida (芦田 愛菜, Ashida Mana, born 23 June 2004) is a Japanese actress, talent and singer. Ashida's first appearance was in Asahi Broadcasting Corporation's ABC Short Movie 2, though she rose to prominence after acting in the television drama Mother. She became the youngest lead star in Japanese drama history when she starred in Sayonara Bokutachi no Youchien. She was the youngest lead actress in a television serial drama by appearing in the serial drama Marumo no Okite in the spring of 2011. She also appeared in Japanese films such as Confessions and Bunny Drop.Ashida and her co-actor Fuku Suzuki sang the 2011 hit song "Maru Maru Mori Mori", the theme song for the television drama Marumo no Okite.
<Mount_Airy,_North_Carolina>	Mount Airy /ˈmaʊntəri/ is a city in Surry County, North Carolina, United States.  As of the 2020 census, the city population was 10,611.Mount Airy was settled in the 1750s as a stagecoach stop on the road between Winston-Salem, North Carolina and Galax, Virginia. It was named for a nearby plantation. Mount Airy was incorporated in 1885. The city's official seal was established in 1977, which depicts major industries that are home to Mount Airy including: furniture, textiles, and the granite quarry. In 1994, Mount Airy was named an All American City.
<Woking_F.C.>	Woking Football Club is a professional association football club, based in Woking, Surrey, England. Founded in 1887, the club plays its home matches at The Laithwaite Community Stadium and is nicknamed the Cardinals, often shortened to the Cards. Currently, they compete in the National League, the fifth tier of English football, having been promoted from the National League South in the 2018–19 season.Woking Football Club was founded in 1887. The club joined the West Surrey League in 1895–96, winning the title by one point. However, within 21 years of being formed, the club was in danger of folding for financial reasons. The turning point came when, in January 1908, Woking played Bolton Wanderers in the First Round of the FA Cup, having made it through five qualifying rounds. Despite losing the away game 5–0, the club made it into the national news. Bolton Wanderers, impressed by the minnows they had defeated, travelled to Woking for a friendly match the following season, which kept the club solvent.
<Boulogne-Billancourt>	Boulogne-Billancourt (French pronunciation: ​[bulɔɲ bijɑ̃kuʁ]; often colloquially called simply Boulogne, until 1924 Boulogne-sur-Seine, [bulɔɲ syʁ sɛn]) is a wealthy and prestigious commune in the Parisian area, located 8 km (5 mi) from its centre. It is a subprefecture of the Hauts-de-Seine department and thus the seat of the larger arrondissement of Boulogne-Billancourt. Boulogne-Billancourt includes two large islands in the Seine: Île Saint-Germain and Île Seguin. With a population of 121,334 as of 2018, it is the most populous commune in Hauts-de-Seine and most populous suburb of Paris, as well as one of the most densely populated municipalities in Europe.[citation needed]Boulogne-Billancourt is one of the wealthiest regions in the Parisian area and in France. Formerly an important industrial site, it has successfully reconverted into business services and is now home to major communication companies headquartered in the Val de Seine business district.
<Mariel_Rodriguez>	Maria Erlinda Lucille Termulo-Padilla (born Maria Erlinda Lucille Sazon Termulo; August 10, 1984) professionally known as Mariel Rodriguez-Padilla or simply Mariel Rodriguez (Tagalog: [ˈmaɾjɛl roˈdɾigɛs paˈdɪʎa]), is a Filipino-born American commercial model, endorser, television host, VJ and actress.Mariel Rodriguez was born Maria Erlinda Lucille Sazon Termulo on August 10, 1984. She is known by the nickname "Mariel" as a child, lived and was raised by her maternal grandparents in Parañaque due to her parents' separation at her youth. She studied at De La Salle Santiago Zobel School for grade school and high school and attended De La Salle University for college, where she graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Philippine Studies, major in Filipino in Mass Media.
<80th_Anniversary_Armistice_Remembrance_Medal>	The 80th Anniversary Armistice Remembrance Medal was a commemorative medal made to commemorate the 80th anniversary of the Armistice marking the end of World War I. Each of the 71 surviving Australian First World War veterans were presented with the medal for Anzac Day 1999. It is the first commemorative medal in the Australian Honours System.A total of 71 medals were issued prior to Anzac Day (25 April) 1999, with the medal being minted in record time following its establishment in January 1999.
<Royal_Troon_Golf_Club>	Royal Troon Golf Club is a links golf course in Scotland, located in Troon, South Ayrshire, southwest of Glasgow.The club, which now has a total of 45 holes, was founded in 1878, initially with five holes. It lies adjacent to the Firth of Clyde. George Strath was appointed in 1881 as the club's first golf professional, and together with 1882 Open champion Willie Fernie, designed the original course, expanding it to 18 holes by 1888. The two were assisted by Charlie Hunter, greenskeeper of the neighbouring Prestwick Golf Club, in Troon's formative years.
<Harry_S._Truman>	Harry S. Truman (May 8, 1884 – December 26, 1972) was the 33rd president of the United States, serving from 1945 to 1953. A leader of the Democratic Party, he previously served as the 34th vice president from January to April 1945 under Franklin Roosevelt and as a United States senator from Missouri from 1935 to January 1945. Assuming the presidency after Roosevelt's death, Truman implemented the Marshall Plan to rebuild the economy of Western Europe and established both the Truman Doctrine and NATO to contain the expansion of Soviet communism. He proposed numerous liberal domestic reforms, but few were enacted by the conservative coalition that dominated the Congress.Truman grew up in Independence, Missouri, and during World War I fought in France as a captain in the Field Artillery. Returning home, he opened a haberdashery in Kansas City, Missouri, and was elected as a judge of Jackson County in 1922. Truman was elected to the United States Senate from Missouri in 1934. In 1940–1944 he gained national prominence as chairman of the Truman Committee, which was aimed at reducing waste and inefficiency in wartime contracts. Only after assuming the presidency was he informed about the atomic bomb. Truman authorized the first and only use of nuclear weapons in war against Hiroshima and Nagasaki in Japan. Truman's administration engaged in an internationalist foreign policy by working closely with British Prime Minister Clement Attlee. Truman staunchly denounced isolationism. He energized the New Deal coalition during the 1948 presidential election and won a surprise victory against Republican Thomas E. Dewey that secured his own presidential term.
<Jennifer_Meyer>	Jennifer Meyer (born April 23, 1977) is an American jewelry designer.Meyer was born to a Jewish family in Los Angeles, California. She is the daughter of Ronald Meyer, who was the vice-chairman of NBC Universal until August 18, 2020, and was previously the president and CEO of Universal Studios. Her mother is Ronald Meyer's first wife, Ellen. Her stepfather is Rabbi David Baron (head of the Temple Shalom for the Arts), and her stepmother is Kelly Chapman. She got her start making jewelry alongside her grandmother, Edith Meyer, who began teaching Jennifer how to make enamel jewelry when she was six years old.In 1999, having finished her child and family psychology studies at Syracuse University, she returned to Los Angeles. In Los Angeles she worked at Ralph Lauren and began designing jewelry pieces.
<O._Henry_Award>	The O. Henry Award is an annual American award given to short stories of exceptional merit. The award is named after the American short-story writer O. Henry.The PEN/O. Henry Prize Stories is an annual collection of the year's twenty best stories published in U.S. and Canadian magazines.Until 2002 there were first, second, and third prize winners and from 2003–2019 there were three jurors who each selected a short story of special interest or merit; the collection is called The PEN/O. Henry Prize Stories, and the original collection was called Prize Stories 1919: The O. Henry Memorial Awards.
<Saraju_Mohanty>	Glorious India Award in 2017Society for Technical Communication (STC) Award of Merit in 2017PROSE Award for best textbook in Physical Sciences & Mathematics in 2016Toulouse Scholars Award from UNT in 2016–17IEEE Distinguished Lecturer since 2017Saraju Mohanty is an American professor of the Department of Computer Science and Engineering, and the director of the Smart Electronic Systems Laboratory, at the University of North Texas in Denton, Texas. Mohanty received a Glorious India Award – Rich and Famous NRIs of America in 2017 for his contributions to the discipline. Mohanty is a researcher in the areas of "consumer electronics for smart cities", "application-Specific things for efficient edge computing", and "methodologies for digital and mixed-signal hardware". He has made significant research contributions to security and IP protection of consumer electronic systems, hardware-assisted security and protection, high-level synthesis of digital signal processing (DSP) hardware, and mixed-signal integrated circuit computer-aided design and electronic design automation. Mohanty has been the editor-in-chief (EiC) of the IEEE Consumer Electronics Magazine since 2016. He has held the Chair of the IEEE Computer Society's Technical Committee on Very Large Scale Integration since September 2014. He holds 4 US patents in the areas of his research, and has published 220 research articles and 3 books.
<Geraldo_Alckmin>	Geraldo José Rodrigues Alckmin Filho (Portuguese pronunciation: [ʒeˈɾawdu ˈaɫkmĩ]; born 7 November 1952) is a Brazilian politician who is the vice president-elect of Brazil. He previously served as the Governor of São Paulo from 2001 to 2006, and then again from 2011 to 2018, the longest term served in that state since the end of the Military dictatorship in Brazil. He was the Brazilian Social Democracy Party (PSDB) presidential nominee for the 2018 Brazilian presidential election, when he finished in fourth place, as well for the 2006 Brazilian presidential election, when he came in second place, losing in the runoff to then president Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva. He is usually described by political analysts and supporters as a pro-business centrist, closely associated with the political and financial establishment.Alckmin attended the Universidade de Taubaté's medical school, specializing in anesthesiology, before going on to work in the São Paulo Public Service Hospital. Alckmin was elected governor of São Paulo in 2010 and reelected in 2014, for the fourth (not consecutive) time. He resigned on 6 April 2018 to run for president for a second time in the 2018 elections. His vice governor Márcio França held the office until the end of the term on 1 January 2019. In 2021, Alckmin left PSDB after 33 years with the party and joined the Brazilian Socialist Party (PSB) the following year to be Lula's running mate in the 2022 Brazilian presidential election. On 30 October 2022, Lula beat Bolsonaro in the presidential election, making Alckmin vice president-elect.
<Gilbert_Stork>	Gilbert Stork (December 31, 1921 – October 21, 2017) was an organic chemist. For a quarter of a century he was the Eugene Higgins Professor of Chemistry Emeritus at Columbia University. He is known for making significant contributions to the total synthesis of natural products, including a lifelong fascination with the synthesis of quinine. In so doing he also made a number of contributions to mechanistic understanding of reactions, and performed pioneering work on enamine chemistry, leading to development of the Stork enamine alkylation.It is believed he was responsible for the first planned stereocontrolled synthesis as well as the first natural product to be synthesised with high stereoselectivity.Stork was also an accomplished mentor of young chemists and many of his students have gone on to make significant contributions in their own right.Gilbert Stork was born in the Ixelles municipality of Brussels, Belgium on December 31, 1921. The oldest of 3 children, his middle brother, Michel, died in infancy, but he remained close with his younger sister Monique his whole life.  His family had Jewish origins, although Gilbert himself didn't recall them being religiously active. The family moved to Nice when Gilbert was about 14 (circa. 1935) and remained there until 1939. During this period, Gilbert completed his lycée studies, distinguishing himself in French literature and writing. Characterizing himself during those years as "not terribly self-confident," and uncertain whether he could find employment in a profession he enjoyed, Gilbert considered applying for a colonial civil service job in French Indochina. However, the outbreak of World War II that year led the family to flee to New York, where his father's older brother, Sylvain, had already emigrated.
<Santa_Monica,_California>	Santa Monica (Spanish for 'Saint Monica'; Spanish: Santa Mónica) is a city in Los Angeles County, situated along Santa Monica Bay on California's South Coast. Santa Monica's 2020 U.S. Census population was 93,076. Santa Monica is a popular resort town, owing to its climate, beaches, and hospitality industry. It has a diverse economy, hosting headquarters of companies such as Hulu, Universal Music Group, Lionsgate Films, and The Recording Academy.Santa Monica traces its history to Rancho San Vicente y Santa Monica, granted in 1839 to the Sepúlveda family of California. The rancho was later sold to John P. Jones and Robert Baker, who in 1875, along with his Californio heiress wife Arcadia Bandini de Stearns Baker, founded Santa Monica, which incorporated as a city in 1886. The city developed into a seaside resort during the late 19th and early 20th centuries, with the creation of tourist attractions such as Palisades Park, the Santa Monica Pier, Ocean Park, and the Hotel Casa del Mar.
<F.C._Arouca>	Futebol Clube de Arouca (pronounced [ɐˈɾowkɐ]) is a football club based in Arouca, Porto Metropolitan Area, Portugal. Founded in 1951, the club plays in the Primeira Liga, holding home games at Estádio Municipal de Arouca, with a 5,000-seat capacity.Founded on 25 December 1951, as a FC Porto subsidiary, Arouca spent the first five decades of its existence in the Aveiro regional leagues. In only two years (2006–08) it managed to reach the third division, being managed by television (RTP) presenter Jorge Gabriel for a few months during that timeframe.Arouca managed its fourth promotion in only seven years at the end of 2012–13, reaching the Primeira Liga for the first time in its history. Subsequently, the Arouca Municipality awarded the club the Medal of Gold Merit for its achievement, with the organization also being granted extra financial means to renovate and expand its stadium.
<Democratic_Left_Alliance>	The Democratic Left Alliance (Polish: Sojusz Lewicy Demokratycznej) was a social-democratic political party in Poland. It was formed in 9 July 1991 as an electoral alliance of centre-left parties, and became a single party on 15 April 1999. It was the major coalition party in Poland between 1993 and 1997, and between 2001 and 2005, from which came four Prime ministers: Józef Oleksy, Włodzimierz Cimoszewicz, Leszek Miller and Marek Belka. It then faded into opposition, shadowed by the rise of Civic Platform and Law and Justice.In February 2020, the party initiated a process to absorb the Spring party, choosing the name New Left (Polish: Nowa Lewica), and changing to a more modern logo.
<MSU_Faculty_of_Geography>	MSU Faculty of Geography (Russian: Географический факультет МГУ) is a faculty of Moscow State University, created in 1938 by order #109 dated 23 July 1938. There are 15 departments:Coordinates: 55°42′00″N 37°31′46″E﻿ / ﻿55.70000°N 37.52944°E﻿ / 55.70000; 37.52944
<Lehigh_Valley_Railroad>	The Lehigh Valley Railroad (reporting mark LV) was a railroad built in the Northeastern United States to haul anthracite coal from the Coal Region in Pennsylvania. The railroad was authorized on April 21, 1846 for freight and transportation of passengers, goods, wares, merchandise and minerals in Pennsylvania and the railroad was incorporated and established on September 20, 1847 as the Delaware, Lehigh, Schuylkill and Susquehanna Railroad Company. On January 7, 1853, the railroad's name was changed to Lehigh Valley Railroad. It was sometimes known as the Route of the Black Diamond, named after the anthracite it transported. At the time, anthracite was transported by boat down the Lehigh River. The railroad ended operations in 1976 and merged into Conrail along with several northeastern railroads that same year.The Lehigh Valley Railroad's original and primary route between Easton and Allentown was built in 1855. The line later expanded past Allentown to Lehigh Valley Terminal in Buffalo and past Easton to New York City, bringing the Lehigh Valley Railroad to these metropolitan areas. By December 31, 1925, the railroad controlled 1,363.7 miles of road and 3,533.3 miles of track. By 1970, this had dwindled to 927 miles of road and 1963 miles of track.Conrail maintained the line as a main line into the New York City area. The line became known as the Lehigh Line during Conrail ownership. Conrail abandoned most of the route in New York State to Buffalo after 1976, considerably shortening the line.
<Saint_Paul,_Minnesota>	Saint Paul (abbreviated St. Paul) is the capital of the U.S. state of Minnesota and the county seat of Ramsey County. Situated on high bluffs overlooking a bend in the Mississippi River, Saint Paul is a regional business hub and the center of Minnesota's government. The Minnesota State Capitol and the state government offices all sit on a hill close to the city's downtown district. One of the oldest cities in Minnesota, Saint Paul has several historic neighborhoods and landmarks, such as the Summit Avenue Neighborhood, the James J. Hill House, and the Cathedral of Saint Paul. Like the adjacent and larger city of Minneapolis, Saint Paul is known for its cold, snowy winters and humid summers.
<Indianapolis>	Indianapolis (/ˌɪndiəˈnæpəlɪs/), colloquially known as Indy, is the state capital and most populous city of the U.S. state of Indiana and the seat of Marion County. According to the United States Census Bureau, the consolidated population of Indianapolis and Marion County in 2020 was 977,203. The "balance" population, which excludes semi-autonomous municipalities in Marion County, was 887,642. It is the 15th most populous city in the U.S., the third-most populous city in the Midwest, after Chicago and Columbus, Ohio, and the fourth-most populous state capital after Phoenix, Arizona; Austin, Texas; and Columbus. The Indianapolis metropolitan area is the 33rd most populous metropolitan statistical area in the U.S., with 2,111,040 residents. Its combined statistical area ranks 28th, with a population of 2,431,361. Indianapolis covers 368 square miles (950 km2), making it the 18th largest city by land area in the U.S.Indigenous peoples inhabited the area dating to as early as 10,000 BC. In 1818, the Lenape relinquished their tribal lands in the Treaty of St. Mary's. In 1821, Indianapolis was founded as a planned city for the new seat of Indiana's state government. The city was platted by Alexander Ralston and Elias Pym Fordham on a 1-square-mile (2.6 km2) grid next to the White River. Completion of the National and Michigan roads and arrival of rail later solidified the city's position as a manufacturing and transportation hub. Two of the city's nicknames reflect its historical ties to transportation—the "Crossroads of America" and "Railroad City". Since the 1970 city-county consolidation, known as Unigov, local government administration operates under the direction of an elected 25-member city-county council headed by the mayor.
<Julian_Jaynes>	Julian Jaynes (February 27, 1920 – November 21, 1997) was an American researcher in psychology at Yale and Princeton for nearly 25 years and best known for his 1976 book The Origin of Consciousness in the Breakdown of the Bicameral Mind. His career was dedicated to the problem of consciousness, "...the difference between what others see of us and our sense of our inner selves and the deep feelings that sustain it. ... Men have been conscious of the problem of consciousness almost since consciousness began." Jaynes' solution touches on many disciplines, including neuroscience, linguistics, psychology, archeology, history, religion and analysis of ancient texts.Jaynes was born and lived in West Newton, Massachusetts, son of Julian Clifford Jaynes (1854–1922), a Unitarian minister, and Clara Bullard Jaynes (1884–1980). He had an older sister, Helen, and a younger brother, Robert. The family had a summer home in Keppoch, Prince Edward Island, which was a place Jaynes loved, and which gave him a Canadian connection for his entire life.
<National_Medal_of_Science>	The National Medal of Science is an honor bestowed by the President of the United States to individuals in science and engineering who have made important contributions to the advancement of knowledge in the fields of behavioral and social sciences, biology, chemistry, engineering, mathematics and physics. The twelve member presidential Committee on the National Medal of Science is responsible for selecting award recipients and is administered by the National Science Foundation (NSF).The National Medal of Science was established on August 25, 1959, by an act of the Congress of the United States under Pub.L. 86–209. The medal was originally to honor scientists in the fields of the "physical, biological, mathematical, or engineering sciences". The Committee on the National Medal of Science was established on August 23, 1961, by executive order 10961 of President John F. Kennedy.On January 7, 1979, the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) passed a resolution proposing that the medal be expanded to include the social and behavioral sciences. In response, Senator Ted Kennedy introduced the Science and Technology Equal Opportunities Act into the Senate on March 7, 1979, expanding the medal to include these scientific disciplines as well. President Jimmy Carter's signature enacted this change as Public Law 96-516 on December 12, 1980.
<Pomeranchuk_Prize>	The Pomeranchuk Prize is an international award for theoretical physics, awarded annually since 1998 by the Institute for Theoretical and Experimental Physics (ITEP) from Moscow. It is named after Russian physicist Isaak Yakovlevich Pomeranchuk, who together with Landau established the Theoretical Physics Department of the Institute.This science awards article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Alfred_G._Gilman>	Alfred Goodman Gilman (July 1, 1941 – December 23, 2015) was an American pharmacologist and biochemist. He and Martin Rodbell shared the 1994 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine "for their discovery of G-proteins and the role of these proteins in signal transduction in cells."Gilman was the son of Alfred Gilman, who co-authored Goodman & Gilman's The Pharmacological Basis of Therapeutics with Louis S. Goodman, from whom his middle name came. He earned a BA in biology with major in biochemistry from Yale University. Immediately after graduation in 1962, he worked with Allan Conney at Burroughs Wellcome & Company, which resulted in the publication of his first two technical papers. Persuaded by Earl Wilbur Sutherland, Jr., he joined Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine for an MD-PhD course. He obtained his degree in 1969. He then went to the National Institutes of Health to work with Marshall Nirenberg between 1969 and 1971.Gilman became assistant professor of pharmacology at the University of Virginia School of Medicine in 1971, and full professor in 1977. He chaired the Department of Pharmacology at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center at Dallas from 1981. Upon his retirement in 2009, he was appointed chief scientific officer of the Cancer Prevention and Research Institute of Texas. He resigned in 2012. He was the founder of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals company and the Alliance for Cellular Signaling. From 2005, he was also director of Eli Lilly and Company.
<Frank_Conrad>	Frank Conrad (May 4, 1874 – December 10, 1941) was an electrical engineer, best known for radio development, including his work as a pioneer broadcaster. He worked for the Westinghouse Electrical and Manufacturing Company in East Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania for half a century. His experimental radio station provided the inspiration, and he acted in an advisory role, for the establishment of Westinghouse's first broadcasting service, over radio station KDKA.Conrad was born May 4, 1874 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, the son of Herbert M. Conrad, a railroad mechanic, and Sadie Conrad. His formal education ended with 7th grade, however in 1928 his work would be recognized with an honorary Doctor of Science degree from the University of Pittsburgh. He began employment at the Westinghouse Electrical and Manufacturing Company at age 16, and at 23 began working in Westinghouse's Testing Department, where he and another engineer, H. P. Davis, developed the first circular-type watt-hour meter  (known as the 'Round Type'). In 1937, it was estimated that 30 million induction-type watt-hour meters were in use. In 1904, the company appointed him General Engineer, and he was promoted to Assistant Chief Engineer in 1921. Conrad was awarded more than 200 patents internationally throughout his life. He was awarded 177 U.S. patents, and at least 42 in the United Kingdom and at least 9 in GermanyConrad first became interested in radio in 1913, the result of a bet with a co-worker over whose watch was more accurate. Conrad won the bet, in part because he secretly replaced his cheap watch's internal components with the mechanism from a more expensive watch. While conducting the time comparisons, Conrad began to doubt the accuracy of time signals provided by a Western Union telegraph service, so he built a simple radio receiver to pick up the official Naval Observatory time signals, broadcast nightly by station NAA in Arlington, Virginia. With this receiver he also overheard transmissions being made by a neighbor, John Coleman, so Conrad built a transmitter in order to communicate with Coleman and other local amateur radio operators. After moving from Swissvale to Wilkinsburg, Pennsylvania, he installed a radio station on the top floor of a two-story garage adjacent to his home. In the summer of 1916 this station was issued an Experimental license, with the call sign 8XK. At this time the station employed a spark-transmitter, thus could only be used for Morse code transmissions.
<Ayeza_Khan>	Kinza Khan  professionally known by her stage name Ayeza Khan (born 15 January 1991), is a Pakistani actress and model who primarily works in Urdu television. Khan has done over 30 roles and is the recipient of several accolades including Lux Style Awards, Hum Awards and Pakistan International Screen Awards.Khan has appeared in television shows including Mere Meherbaan (2014), Pyarey Afzal (2014), Tum Kon Piya (2016), Mohabbat Tumse Nafrat Hai (2017), Koi Chand Rakh (2018), Yaariyan (2019) and Chupke Chupke (2021). She receives critical acclaim for her portrayal of Mehwish in Mere Paas Tum Ho.
<James_O._McKinsey>	James Oscar McKinsey (June 4, 1889 – November 30, 1937) was an American accountant, management consultant, professor of accounting at the University of Chicago, and founder of McKinsey & Company.McKinsey was born in 1889 in Gamma, Missouri, son of James Madison McKinsey and Mary Elizabeth (Logan) McKinsey. After attending regular public school, McKinsey initially received training as a teacher at the Warrensburg Teachers College, now University of Central Missouri, where in 1912 he obtained his Bachelor of Pedagogy.McKinsey continued to study law at the University of Arkansas, where he obtained his law degree one year later, in 1913. In 1914 he studied bookkeeping at the St. Louis University, and started his working career by teaching bookkeeping at St. Louis University.
<WMAQ_(AM)>	WSCR (670 AM) – branded as 670 The Score – is a commercial sports radio station licensed to serve Chicago, Illinois, servicing the Chicago metropolitan area and much of surrounding Northern Illinois, Northwest Indiana and parts of the Milwaukee metropolitan area. Owned by Audacy, Inc., WSCR is a clear-channel station with extended nighttime range in most of the Central United States and part of the Eastern United States. WSCR serves as the Chicago affiliate for the BetQL Audio Network, CBS Sports Radio, the Fighting Illini Sports Network and the NFL on Westwood One Sports; the flagship station for the Chicago Cubs and Chicago Bulls radio networks; and the home of radio personalities David Haugh and Matt Spiegel.The WSCR studios are located at Two Prudential Plaza in the Chicago Loop, while the station transmitter resides in nearby Bloomingdale, diplexed with co-owned WBBM. Besides its main analog transmission, WSCR transmits continuously over a single HD Radio channel utilizing the in-band on-channel standard, simulcasts over the second digital subchannel of WBMX, and streams online via Audacy.Historically, this station is best known under the WMAQ call sign, which it bore from October 1922 to August 2000. The oldest surviving broadcast outlet in Chicago, it was co-founded and originally operated by the Chicago Daily News, and became a charter affiliate of the CBS Radio Network upon their 1927 launch. Purchased by the National Broadcasting Company in 1931, WMAQ was a key station in the NBC Radio Network for nearly six decades, and later yielded adjuncts WMAQ-TV (channel 5) and WMAQ-FM (101.1 FM). A sale to Westinghouse Broadcasting in 1988 resulted in WMAQ becoming an all-news radio station throughout the 1990s. Since 2000, this station has been the third in the Chicago market to use the WSCR call sign and "Score" branding, adopting a format previously heard on the current WYLL (1160 AM) from 1997 to 2000; the format and branding originated in 1992 on the current WCPT (AM) 820 AM.
<Wendy_Darling>	Wendy Moira Angela Darling is a fictional character and one of the main protagonists of the 1904 play and 1911 novel Peter and Wendy by J. M. Barrie, as well as in most adaptations in other media. Her exact age is not specified in the original play or novel by Barrie, though it is implied that she is about 12–13 years old or possibly younger, as she is "just Peter's size". As a girl on the verge of adulthood, she stands in contrast to Peter Pan, a boy who refuses to grow up, the major theme of the Peter Pan stories. Wendy hesitates at first to fly off to Neverland, but she comes to enjoy her adventures.  Ultimately, she chooses to go back to her parents and accepts that she has to grow up.In the novel Peter Pan, and its cinematic adaptations, she is an Edwardian schoolgirl. The novel states that she attends a "kindergarten school" with her younger brothers, meaning a school for pre-adolescent children. Like Peter, in many adaptations of the story she is shown to be on the brink of adolescence. She belongs to a middle class London household of that era, and is the daughter of George Darling, a short-tempered and pompous bank/office worker, and his wife, Mary. Wendy shares a nursery room with her two brothers, Michael and John. However, in the Disney version, her father decides that "it's high time she had a room of her own" out of the nursery for "stuffing the boys' heads with a lot of silly stories", but changes his mind at the end of the film when he returns home with his wife after the party.Wendy is the most developed character in the story of Peter Pan, and is considered a main protagonist. She is proud of her own childhood and enjoys telling stories and fantasising. She has a distaste for adulthood, acquired partly by the example of it set by her father, whom she loves but fears due to his somewhat violent fits of anger. Her ambition early in the story is to somehow avoid growing up. She is granted this opportunity by Peter Pan, who takes her and her brothers to Neverland, where they can remain young forever.
<Soyombo_alphabet>	The Soyombo script (Mongolian: Соёмбо бичиг, Soyombo biçig) is an abugida developed by the monk and scholar Zanabazar in 1686 to write Mongolian. It can also be used to write Tibetan and Sanskrit.A special character of the script, the Soyombo symbol, became a national symbol of Mongolia and has appeared on the national flag and emblem of Mongolia since 1911, as well as money, stamps, etc.The script was designed in 1686 by Zanabazar, the first spiritual leader of Tibetan Buddhism in Mongolia, who also designed the Horizontal square script. The Soyombo script was created as the fourth Mongolian script, only 38 years after the invention of the Clear script. The name of the script alludes to this story. It is derived from the Sanskrit word Svayambhu "self-created".
<Interior_(play)>	Interior (French: Intérieur) is an 1895 play in rhymed dialogue by Belgian playwright Maurice Maeterlinck. It was one of his few plays intended for marionettes.Interior premiered at the Théâtre de l'Œuvre on March 15, 1895.The old man and the stranger appear outside the house. The family can be seen within through the windows. The old man and the stranger argue over how to inform the family of the death of one of the daughters. As the crowd approaches with the body, the old man enters the house and can be seen through the windows informing them of their loss.
<Unforgotten>	Unforgotten is a British crime drama television series, which initially aired on ITV on 8 October 2015. It was created and written by Chris Lang and directed by Andy Wilson. The programme follows a team of London detectives led by DCI Cassie Stuart (Nicola Walker) and DI Sunny Khan (Sanjeev Bhaskar) as they solve cold cases of disappearance and murder.Each series consists of six episodes. Series 1 to 4 were broadcast in the UK in 2015, 2017, 2018 and 2021. On 30 March 2021 a fifth series was announced, scheduled for release in 2022, and it was confirmed that Sanjeev Bhaskar would reprise his role. A year later it was confirmed that Sinéad Keenan would replace Walker as Bhaskar's new partner, DCI Jessica "Jessie" James. Filming for the fifth series began on 14 March 2022.
<Paul_J._Crutzen>	Paul Jozef Crutzen (Dutch pronunciation: [pʌul ˈjoːzəf ˈkrɵtsə(n)]; 3 December 1933 – 28 January 2021) was a Dutch meteorologist and atmospheric chemist. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1995 for his work on atmospheric chemistry and specifically for his efforts in studying the formation and decomposition of atmospheric ozone. In addition to studying the ozone layer and climate change, he popularized the term Anthropocene to describe a proposed new epoch in the Quaternary period when human actions have a drastic effect on the Earth. He was also amongst the first few scientists to introduce the idea of a nuclear winter to describe the potential climatic effects stemming from large-scale atmospheric pollution including smoke from forest fires, industrial exhausts, and other sources like oil fires.He was a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences and an elected foreign member of the Royal Society in the United Kingdom.
<Stephen_Elliott_(author)>	Stephen Elliott (born December 3, 1971) is an American writer, editor, and filmmaker currently living in Los Angeles who has written and published seven books and directed two films. He is the founder and former Editor-in-Chief of the online literary magazine The Rumpus. In December 2014, he became senior editor at Epic Magazine.Elliott grew up in Chicago. In his adolescence he was made a ward of the court and placed in several group homes. He attended Mather High School and the University of Illinois, and went on to receive his master's degree in cinema studies from Northwestern University in 1996. In 2001, he was awarded the Stegner Fellowship from Stanford University, given to emerging writers in fiction and poetry. He was then the Marsh McCall lecturer in Creative Writing at Stanford University. Elliott is Jewish on his father's side.Elliott went on the campaign trail and wrote a book about the 2004 U.S. presidential race, Looking Forward to It: or, How I Learned to Stop Worrying About It and Love the American Electoral Process. His novel Happy Baby, edited by Dave Eggers and co-published by McSweeney's and MacAdam/Cage, was released in February 2004. The paperback of Happy Baby was published by Picador in January 2005. His book My Girlfriend Comes to the City and Beats Me Up is a collection of S&M erotica, sometimes referred to as a sexual memoir, published by Cleis Press in 2006.
<Linnean_Medal>	The Linnean Medal of the Linnean Society of London was established in 1888, and is awarded annually to alternately a botanist or a zoologist or (as has been common since 1958) to one of each in the same year. The medal was of gold until 1976, and is for the preceding years often referred to as "the Gold Medal of the Linnean Society", not to be confused with the official Linnean Gold Medal which is seldom awarded.The engraver of the medal was Charles Anderson Ferrier of Dundee, a Fellow of the Linnean Society from 1882. On the obverse of the medal is the head of Linnaeus in profile and the words "Carolus Linnaeus", on the reverse are the arms of the society and the legend "Societas Linnaeana optime merenti"; an oval space is reserved for the recipient's name.
<Gerald_Rudolff_Ford>	Gerald Rudolff Ford (December 9, 1890 – January 26, 1962) was an American businessman and Republican politician who was the stepfather of U.S. President Gerald Ford and for whom Ford legally changed his name.Ford was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan, where he raised the future President. His parents were George R. and Frances (Pixley) Ford.
<Wilhelm_Windelband>	Wilhelm Windelband (/ˈvɪndəlbænd/; German: [ˈvɪndl̩bant]; 11 May 1848 – 22 October 1915) was a German philosopher of the Baden School.Windelband was born the son of a Prussian official in Potsdam. He studied at Jena, Berlin, and Göttingen.
<Knowledge_Adventure>	JumpStart Games, Inc., formerly Knowledge Adventure, Inc., is an American edutainment video game company based in Torrance, California. Founded in 1991, it owns the Neopets virtual pet website, and is itself owned by Chinese holding company NetDragon Websoft.Until 1994, Knowledge Adventure had created DOS games, including Knowledge Adventure The Game, Isaac Asimov's Science Adventure, Space Adventure, Mario Teaches Typing, Mario Is Missing!, San Diego Zoo Presents: The Animals!, Dinosaur Adventure, The Tale of Peter Rabbit, Mario's Time Machine, Mario's Early Years! Fun with Letters, Mario's Early Years! Fun with Numbers, Imax's Speed, Undersea Adventure, 3D Dinosaur Adventure, Isaac Asimov's Science Adventure II, Kid's Zoo: A Baby Animal Adventure, 3D Body Adventure, Space Adventure II, Aviation Adventure, America Adventure, Bug Adventure, Imax's The Discoverers, Mario's Early Years! Preschool Fun, Magic Theater, My First Encyclopedia, Zurk's Learning Safari, Zurk's Rainforest Lab, Zurk's Alaskan Trek, Mario's Fundamentals,  Mario's Early Years! Kindergarten Fun, Pyramid: Challenge of the Pharaoh's Dream, Chess Mates, Bricks the Ultimate Construction Toy!, Flipper, Drawing Discoveries, Mario Teachers Typing 2, Kid Keys: The Magical Typing Tutor, Kid Pilots, Dinosaur Adventure 3-D, Lionel Trains Presents: Trans-Con!.On November 5, 1996, CUC International announced that it would acquire Knowledge Adventure and was completed on February 3, 1997, its Davidson & Associates subsidiary that CUC acquired in February 1996 will later merge with Knowledge Adventure in October 1998.
<Ann_Dunham>	Stanley Ann Dunham (November 29, 1942 – November 7, 1995) was an American anthropologist who specialized in the economic anthropology and rural development of Indonesia. She is the mother of Barack Obama, the 44th president of the United States. Dunham was known as Stanley Ann Dunham through high school, then as Ann Dunham, Ann Obama, Ann Soetoro, a.k.a. Ann Sutoro, and resumed her maiden name, Ann Dunham, later in life.Born in Wichita, Kansas, Dunham studied at the East–West Center and at the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa in Honolulu, where she attained a bachelor of arts degree in anthropology (1967), and later received master of arts (1974) and PhD (1992) degrees, also in anthropology. She also attended the University of Washington in Seattle from 1961 to 1962. Interested in craftsmanship, weaving, and the role of women in cottage industries, Dunham's research focused on women's work on the island of Java and blacksmithing in Indonesia. To address the problem of poverty in rural villages, she created microcredit programs while working as a consultant for the United States Agency for International Development. Dunham was also employed by the Ford Foundation in Jakarta and she consulted with the Asian Development Bank in Gujranwala, Pakistan. Towards the latter part of her life, she worked with Bank Rakyat Indonesia, where she helped apply her research to the largest microfinance program in the world.
<Roger_Helmer>	Roger Helmer (born 25 January 1944) is a British politician and businessman. He was a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for the East Midlands region from 1999 to 2017. Before becoming an MEP, he was a business executive.Helmer was elected to the European Parliament in 1999, 2004, and 2009 as a member of the Conservative Party and in 2014 as a member of the UK Independence Party (UKIP), having defected from the Conservatives to UKIP in March 2012. He has described himself as a eurosceptic and is a supporter of the Better Off Out campaign.
<Long_Island>	Coordinates: 40°48′N 73°18′W﻿ / ﻿40.8°N 73.3°W﻿ / 40.8; -73.3Long Island is a densely populated island in the southeastern region of the U.S. state of New York, part of the New York metropolitan area. With over 8 million people, Long Island is the most populous island in the United States and the 18th-most populous in the world. The island begins at New York Harbor approximately 0.35 miles (0.56 km) east of Manhattan Island and extends eastward about 118 miles (190 km) into the Atlantic Ocean and 23 miles wide at its most distant points. The island comprises four counties: Kings and Queens counties (the New York City boroughs of Brooklyn and Queens, respectively) and Nassau County share the western third of the island, while Suffolk County occupies the eastern two thirds of the island. More than half of New York City's residents (58.4%) lived on Long Island as of 2020, in Brooklyn and in Queens. Culturally, many people in the New York metropolitan area colloquially use the term "Long Island" (or "the Island") to refer exclusively to Nassau and Suffolk counties, and conversely, employ the term "the City" to mean Manhattan alone. The Nassau-and-Suffolk-only definition of Long Island is recognized as a "region" by the state of New York. Although geographically an island, the Supreme Court of the United States has held that given the island's extensive ties to the mainland, it should be treated like a peninsula, allowing the state to have jurisdiction within its maritime boundaries.Long Island may refer both to the main island and the surrounding outer barrier islands. To its west, Long Island is separated from Manhattan and the Bronx by the East River tidal estuary. North of the island is Long Island Sound, across which lie Westchester County, New York, and the state of Connecticut. Across the Block Island Sound to the northeast is the state of Rhode Island. Block Island—which is part of Rhode Island—and numerous smaller islands extend further into the Atlantic. To the extreme southwest, Long Island, at Brooklyn, is separated from Staten Island and the state of New Jersey by Upper New York Bay, the Narrows, and Lower New York Bay.
<Current_TV>	Current TV was an American television channel which broadcast from August 1, 2005, to August 20, 2013. Prior INdTV founders Al Gore and Joel Hyatt, with Ronald Burkle, each held a sizable stake in Current TV. Comcast and DirecTV each held a smaller stake.The channel started out as a user-generated content channel with content made by viewers in 15-minute blocks. The channel later switched formats to become an independent news network aimed at progressive politics. Neither format brought the success that Gore and Hyatt had wanted.On January 2, 2013, it was announced that Current TV had been sold by Gore and Hyatt to Qatar-based broadcaster Al Jazeera Media Network. AJMN stated it planned to shut down the Current TV channel, retain its off-air staff, and to launch a new New York City-based channel named Al Jazeera America (using Current's distribution network). Current had operated in the same way with Newsworld International, a predecessor to Current. They also said they planned to scrap the channel's programming lineup and brand. Al Jazeera America replaced Current TV on August 20, 2013, at 3:00 pm Eastern, 2:00 pm Central time. The former headquarters would become the home of Al Jazeera's all-online digital channel AJ+.
<FC_Porto>	Futebol Clube do Porto, MHIH, OM (Portuguese pronunciation: [futɨˈβɔl ˈkluβ(ɨ) ðu ˈpoɾtu]), commonly known as FC Porto or simply Porto, is a Portuguese professional sports club based in Porto. It is best known for the professional football team playing in the Primeira Liga, the top flight of Portuguese football.Founded on 28 September 1893, Porto is one of the "Big Three" (Portuguese: Os Três Grandes) teams in Portugal – together with Lisbon-based rivals Benfica and Sporting CP, that have appeared in every season of the Primeira Liga since its establishment in 1934. They are nicknamed Dragões (Dragons), for the mythical creature atop the club's crest, and Azuis e brancos (Blue-and-whites), for the shirt colours. Those colours are in stripes with blue shorts. The club supporters are called portistas. Since 2003, Porto have played their home matches at the Estádio do Dragão, which replaced the previous 51-year-old ground, the Estádio das Antas.
<Star_TV_(Turkey)>	Star TV is a Turkish nationwide TV channel. It has been owned by Ferit Şahenk's Doğuş Media Group since 2011.Founded by Cem Uzan and Ahmet Özal in 1989 as Magic Box, Star TV is Turkey's first private TV channel. The channel started its test broadcasting on 5 May 1990. For a brief time in the early 1990s, it was called Star Magic Box because the name Star 1 was copyrighted by another media corporation. Its first logo was a blue S with a star on it before it turned to red in the early 2000s.
<Bobby_Van>	Robert Jack Stein (December 6, 1928 – July 31, 1980), known by his legalized stage name Bobby Van, was a musical actor and dancer, best known for his career on Broadway, in films and television from the 1950s through the 1970s. He was also a game show host and panelist.Van was born to Jewish vaudeville parents in The Bronx, New York City, and grew up backstage, witnessing many memorable Depression-era acts. Originally, Van took King as his stage name (after his father's stage name, from the trio "Gordon, Reed and King"). He finally opted for Van, after seeing a Van Johnson poster hanging in his sister's bedroom. In a 1976 interview, Van said he had legalized his name change from 'Stein'.
<Heneral_Luna>	Heneral Luna (lit. 'General Luna') is a 2015 Filipino historical biopic film depicting General Antonio Luna's leadership of the Philippine Revolutionary Army during the Philippine–American War. Directed by Jerrold Tarog and produced by Artikulo Uno Productions, the film received critical acclaim from critics, praising its cinematography, writing, acting and plot. The film was selected as the Philippine entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 88th Academy Awards but it was not nominated.With a production budget of ₱80 million, it is one of the most expensive Filipino epic historical films ever released. On September 29, 2015, it broke the previous record of ₱160 million to become the highest grossing Filipino historical film of all time. Despite a 50% discount that was offered to student viewers, by the beginning of its fourth week, the film was well on its way to reaching the ₱200 million gross ticket sales. On October 11, it was officially announced that the film had reached its ₱240 million break even point. The film's success spawned the sequel Goyo: Ang Batang Heneral, depicting General Gregorio Del Pilar during the Philippine–American War.Spain's colonial rule of the Philippines ends in 1898. Unwilling to surrender to the Filipinos, they sell the archipelago for $20 million. While the Americans prepare to claim their latest colony, the Filipinos argue amongst themselves, unaware of their country's fate under the Treaty of Paris.
<Neil_Hallett>	Neil Hallett (born John W. Neil; 30 June 1924 – 5 December 2004) was a Belgian-born English actor. His stage name was taken from a combination of his proper surname, Neil, and his grandmother's maiden name, Hallet.He appeared in many British television series including The Adventures of Robin Hood, No Hiding Place, The Avengers, Out of the Unknown, Department S, Z-Cars, UFO, The New Avengers, Doctor Who, Jeeves and Wooster and films such as X the Unknown (1956) and Virgin Witch (1972).
<Alex_Rodman>	Alexander James Rodman (born 15 February 1987) is an English semi-professional footballer who plays as a winger for EFL League One club Bristol Rovers.Rodman was a schoolboy with Aston Villa and Wolverhampton Wanderers before playing in the youth teams of Arden Forest and Coleshill Town. He started his senior career after signing for Leamington in 2005. After one season he signed with Grantham Town, leaving them in 2007 before having spells with Lincoln United, Gainsborough Trinity and Nuneaton Borough. He signed for Tamworth in 2008, winning the Conference North title in his first season with the club. After a season-and-a-half of playing for them in the Conference Premier, Rodman signed for League Two club Aldershot Town in 2011. He had a loan spell with York City from 2012 to 2013 before joining Grimsby Town. He helped them to the Conference Premier play-offs before moving to Gateshead in 2014. After one season with them he joined Newport County of League Two in 2015.
<Richard_Peto>	Sir Richard Peto FRS (born 14 May 1943) is an English statistician and epidemiologist who is Professor of Medical Statistics and Epidemiology at the University of Oxford, England.He attended Taunton's School in Southampton and subsequently studied the Natural Sciences Tripos at Trinity College, Cambridge[when?] followed by a Master of Science degree in Statistics at Imperial College London.[when?]
<Eloping_with_the_Sun>	Eloping with the Sun is an album by William Parker, Joe Morris & Hamid Drake which was recorded in 2001 and released in a limited edition on Morris' Riti label.In his review for AllMusic, Eugene Chadbourne states "Three musicians who play together regularly, much of their music totally improvised, get together for another recording session that will feature not their normal instruments but a variation that is deliberately stripped quite bare... This instrumental concept means a much less heavy type of assault than is usual for these artists, yet this becomes a special treasure, a demonstration of expressive mastery"The All About Jazz review said "The surprise in the pairing of these three creative music superstars is not that they have finally recorded together. The astonishing thing about Eloping With The Sun is the music they decided to make". JazzTimes noted "Morris has plenty of solo space on the disc, as Drake and Parker content themselves with setting a groove and sticking with it for minutes on end. The heart of the music is Drake and Parker's slowly evolving rhythms, however, which leaves Morris standing off to the side".
<University_of_Copenhagen>	The University of Copenhagen (Danish: Københavns Universitet, abbr. KU) is a prestigious public research university in Copenhagen, Denmark. Founded in 1479, the University of Copenhagen is the second-oldest university in Scandinavia after Uppsala University, and ranks as one of the top universities in the Nordic countries, Europe and the world.Its establishment sanctioned by Pope Sixtus IV, the University of Copenhagen was founded by Christian I of Denmark as a Catholic teaching institution with a predominantly theological focus. In 1537, it was re-established by King Christian III as part of the Lutheran Reformation. Up until the 18th century, the university was primarily concerned with educating clergymen. Through various reforms in the 18th and 19th century, the University of Copenhagen was transformed into a modern, secular university, with science and the humanities replacing theology as the main subjects studied and taught.The University of Copenhagen consists of six different faculties, with teaching taking place in its four distinct campuses, all situated in Copenhagen. The university operates 36 different departments and 122 separate research centres in Copenhagen, as well as a number of museums and botanical gardens in and outside the Danish capital. The University of Copenhagen also owns and operates multiple research stations around Denmark, with two additional ones located in Greenland. Additionally, The Faculty of Health and Medical Sciences and the public hospitals of the Capital and Zealand Region of Denmark constitute the conglomerate Copenhagen University Hospital.
<Royal_Society_Wolfson_Research_Merit_Award>	The Royal Society Wolfson Research Merit Award was an award made by the Royal Society from 2000 to 2020.It was administered by the Royal Society and jointly funded by the Wolfson Foundation and the UK Office of Science and Technology, to provide universities "with additional financial support to attract key researchers to this country or to retain those who might seek to gain higher salaries elsewhere." to tackle the brain drain. They were given in four annual rounds, with up to seven awards per round.In 2020 the scheme was replaced by  the Royal Society Wolfson Fellowship, described by the Royal Society as providing long-term flexible funding for senior career researchers recruited or retained to a UK university or research institution in fields identified as a strategic priority for the host department or organisation.
<Ramey_House>	The Ramey House, sometimes also called the Ramey–Grainger house, is a privately owned, early 20th-century Colonial Revival home and historic landmark located at 605 South Broadway Avenue in Tyler, Texas, occupying the southwest corner of Broadway Avenue and Houston Street. It was built in 1903 by its namesake, Thomas Brown Ramey, who was a Tyler businessman and jeweler. Ramey and his wife, Mary Josephine Ramey (née Spencer), were well known locally for their civic engagement and public commitments.The 118-year-old structure is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is designated as a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark by the Texas Historical Commission. The property itself is part of the Brick Streets Neighborhood Historic District and has, since 2004, been recognized as a contributing property there. The historical significance of the Ramey House is primarily architectural in nature.The interior of the house was extensively renovated in 1935 under the purview of prominent Texas architect Shirley Simons (1897–1963).  The Ramey House was converted into law offices in the early 1980s, during which time its exterior underwent a restoration process from 1980 to 1981. It was subsequently also known as Grainger and Petterson Law Offices, though it is no longer used as a law firm.
<Frances_Burney>	Evelina (1778)Cecilia (1782)Camilla (1796)Frances Burney (13 June 1752 – 6 January 1840), also known as Fanny Burney and later Madame d'Arblay, was an English satirical novelist, diarist and playwright. In 1786–1790 she held the post as "Keeper of the Robes" to Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, George III's queen. In 1793, aged 41, she married a French exile, General Alexandre d'Arblay. After a long writing career and wartime travels that stranded her in France for over a decade, she settled in Bath, England, where she died on 6 January 1840. The first of her four novels, Evelina (1778), was the most successful and remains her most highly regarded. Most of her plays were not performed in her lifetime. She wrote a memoir of her father (1832) and many letters and journals that have been gradually published since 1889.
<Robby_Benson>	Robby Benson (born Robin David Segal; January 21, 1956) is an American actor and director. He rose to prominence as a teen idol in the late 1970s, appearing in the sports films One on One (1977) and Ice Castles (1978). He subsequently garnered more fame for portraying the voice of Beast in the Disney animated film Beauty and the Beast (1991) and its numerous sequels and spin-offs. He later directed television, including six episodes of the sitcom Friends.In addition to acting and directing, Benson is an activist in the field of heart research, having undergone four open-heart surgeries since age 28 to correct congenital aortic valve defects and related damage. In 2012, he published a memoir recounting his medical journey and numerous surgeries.
<Edward_Zorinsky>	Edward  Zorinsky (November 11, 1928 – March 6, 1987) was an American politician who served as a Democrat in the U.S. Senate from 1976 until his death in 1987. He represented Nebraska and had previously served as mayor of Omaha, elected as a Republican. He was the first Jew elected to statewide office in Nebraska.Zorinsky was born and raised in Omaha. His parents were Sonia (née Feldman) and Hymie Zorinsky, both Russian Jewish immigrants. He attended Saunders and Rosehill elementary schools and graduated from Central High School in 1945. Zorinsky attended the University of Minnesota (1945–1946) and Creighton University (1946–1948) before completing his studies at the University of Nebraska, where he received a Bachelor of Science degree in chemistry and zoology in 1949.
<Jessica_Moore_(journalist)>	Jessica Carol Moore (born May 22, 1982) is an American journalist who currently works for WCBS-TV in New York City.
<Paulo_Monteiro>	Paulo Monteiro may refer to:
<Minneapolis_Grain_Exchange>	The Minneapolis Grain Exchange (MGEX) is a commodities and futures exchange of grain products. It was formed in 1881 in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States as a regional cash marketplace to promote fair trade and to prevent trade abuses in wheat, oats and corn.MGEX has been the principal market for Hard Red Spring Wheat (HRSW) since 1881, offering futures and options contracts based on its unique commodity. HRSW is one of the highest-protein wheats. It is found in bagels, pizzas, high-quality breads and cereals, and some noodles and cookies. It is planted mostly in the U.S. Northern Plains and the Canadian Prairies.MGEX offers five financially settled agricultural index products: Hard Red Spring Wheat Index (HRSI), Hard Red Winter Wheat Index (HRWI), Soft Red Winter Wheat Index (SRWI), National Corn Index (NCI) and National Soybean Index (NSI).
<Fire_on_the_Mountain_(book)>	Fire on the Mountain (ISBN 0061829617) is a 1999 non-fiction book by John N. Maclean that describes the most famous wildland fire of the late 20th century. The book describes the events and aftermath of the South Canyon Fire on Storm King Mountain on July 6, 1994, in Colorado, which took the lives of 14 firefighters. Those who died included nine members of the Prineville (Oregon) Hotshots: Kathi Beck, Tami Bickett, Scott Blecha, Levi Brinkley, Doug Dunbar, Terri Hagen, Bonnie Holtby, Rob Johnson, and Jon Kelso, along with a Missoula Smokejumper, Don Mackey, two McCall (Idaho) Smokejumpers, Roger Roth and James Thrash, and two members of a Helitack crew, Richard Tyler and Rob Browning. Fire on the Mountain, won the Mountain and Plains Booksellers award as the best non-fiction book of 1999. It was made into an eponymous two-hour documentary by the History Channel that was a finalist for an Emmy award and won the Cine Master's Award as the best documentary of 1999.John N. Maclean's father Norman Maclean wrote the 1992 book Young Men and Fire that told a very similar story about the Mann Gulch Fire of August 1949 and the 13 men who died there. The fire occurred in Mann Gulch in the Gates of the Mountains Wilderness.
<Frankie_Lam>	Frankie Lam Man-lung (born 19 December 1967) is a Hong Kong actor. He entered a singing contest and subsequently, signed a contract with TVB. He left TVB in 2011 to join HKTV.Lam married Hong Kong actress Kenix Kwok on 10 March 2004. Their first child, daughter Tania Lam Tin-yeuk, was born on 14 January 2010.On May 18, 2015, Lam announced he will join and invest in Global Saga, a film company established by Tony Wong and Rachel Lam. The first film from the company, The Merger was released in 2015.
<Milan>	Milan (/mɪˈlæn/ mil-AN, US also /mɪˈlɑːn/ mil-AHN, Lombard: [miˈlãː] (listen); Italian: Milano [miˈlaːno] (listen)) is a city in northern Italy, capital of Lombardy, and the second-most populous city proper in Italy after Rome. The city proper has a population of about 1.4 million, while its metropolitan city has 3.26 million inhabitants. Its continuously built-up urban area (whose outer suburbs extend well beyond the boundaries of the administrative metropolitan city and even stretch into the nearby country of Switzerland) is the fourth largest in the EU with 5.27 million inhabitants. According to national sources, the population within the wider Milan metropolitan area (also known as Greater Milan), is estimated between 8.2 million and 12.5 million making it by far the largest metropolitan area in Italy and one of the largest in the EU.Milan is considered a leading alpha global city, with strengths in the fields of art, chemicals, commerce, design, education, entertainment, fashion, finance, healthcare, media (communication), services, research and tourism. Its business district hosts Italy's stock exchange (Italian: Borsa Italiana), and the headquarters of national and international banks and companies. In terms of GDP, Milan is the wealthiest city in Italy, has the third-largest economy among EU cities after Paris and Madrid, and is the wealthiest among EU non-capital cities. Milan is viewed along with Turin as the southernmost part of the Blue Banana urban development corridor (also known as the "European Megalopolis"), and one of the Four Motors for Europe.
<Mick_Gordon_(composer)>	Michael John Gordon is an Australian composer, record producer, musician, and sound designer, composing music primarily for video games.Gordon has composed for several first-person shooters, including LawBreakers, Wolfenstein: The New Order, Wolfenstein: The Old Blood, Prey, the 2016 reboot of Doom and its sequel Doom Eternal, Wolfenstein II: The New Colossus, and seasons one and two of the 2013 fighting game Killer Instinct.
<Fashion_Island>	Fashion Island is an outdoor regional shopping mall in Newport Beach, California. Opened in 1967 by The Irvine Company as the anchor to their master-planned Newport Center district, Fashion Island is anchored by Bloomingdale's, Macy's, Neiman Marcus, and Nordstrom.Fashion Island opened on September 9, 1967 with four anchor department stores: Buffum's, J. W. Robinson's, The Broadway, and JCPenney. The original shopping center was designed by architects William Pereira and Welton Becket, with only a trace of the Spanish architectural theme which would later define the property. However, one early feature of the property - a landmark koi pond constructed in 1968 - remains in use to this day. Later additions to Fashion Island's anchor roster included Bullocks Wilshire, which opened in August 1977, and Neiman Marcus, which opened in March 1978.The first major change at the shopping center occurred in April 1982, when JCPenney shut its doors. The building JCPenney occupied was redeveloped into a new, enclosed shopping area dubbed the Atrium Court, which featured a basement-level food court and two levels of shops above.  An El Torito Grill, the first in the company, opened in a stand-alone building adjacent to Bullock's in 1986.
<Urbana,_Illinois>	Urbana (/ɜːrˈbænə/ ur-BAN-ə) is a city in and the county seat of Champaign County, Illinois, United States. As of the 2020 census, Urbana had a population of 38,336. As of the 2010 United States Census, Urbana is the 38th-most populous municipality in Illinois. It is included in the Champaign–Urbana metropolitan area.Urbana is notable for sharing the campus of the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign with its twin city of Champaign.The Urbana area was first settled by Europeans in 1822, when it was called "Big Grove". When the county of Champaign was organized in 1833, the county seat was located on 40 acres of land, 20 acres donated by William T. Webber and 20 acres by Col. M. W. Busey, considered to be the city's founder, and the name "Urbana" was adopted after Urbana, Ohio, the hometown of State Senator John W. Vance, who authored the Enabling Act creating Champaign County. The creation of the new town was celebrated for the first time on July 4, 1833.
<De_vita_libri_tres>	The De vita libri tres (Three Books on Life) or De triplici vita, was written in the years 1480–1489 by Italian Platonist Marsilio Ficino.  It was first circulated in manuscript form and then published on December 3, 1489. It was constantly in print through the middle of the seventeenth century.The first book is about physical health, the second is about prolonging life, and the third (De vita coelitùs comparanda) is about astral influences. The work focuses not on the soul or body, but on the spiritus, which is described early on:only the priests of the Muses, only the hunters after the supreme good and truth are so negligent (alas) and so unfortunate that they seem utterly to neglect that instrument by which they can, in a way, measure and grasp the whole world. An instrument of this sort is the spirit, which by the physicians is defined as a certain vapour of the blood, pure, subtle, hot and lucid. And, formed from the subtler blood by the heat of the heart, it flies to the brain, and there the soul assiduously employs it for the exercise of both the interior and exterior senses. Thus the blood serves the spirit, the spirit the senses, and finally the senses reason.
<Sahitya_Akademi_Award>	Assamese ·Bengali ·Bodo ·Dogri ·English ·GujaratiHindi ·Kannada  ·Kashmiri ·Konkani ·MaithiliMalayalam ·Marathi ·Meitei (Manipuri) ·Nepali ·OdiaPunjabi ·Rajasthani ·Sanskrit ·Santali ·Sindhi ·TamilTelugu ·UrduAssamese ·Bengali ·Bodo ·Dogri ·English  ·GujaratiHindi ·Kannada  ·Kashmiri ·Konkani ·MaithiliMalayalam ·Marathi ·Meitei (Manipuri) ·Nepali ·OdiaPunjabi ·Rajasthani ·Sanskrit ·Santali ·Sindhi ·TamilTelugu ·Urdu
<Jean_Puget_de_la_Serre>	Jean Puget de la Serre (15 November 1594 – July 1665) was a French author and dramatist.Puget de la Serre was born in Toulouse in late 1594. He was the author of more than a hundred works. He further authored several ballets which were performed in Brussels where he was part of the court of the exiled French Queen Mother, Marie de Medicis, between 1628 and 1635. He also wrote a number of plays.Puget de la Serre returned to France some time before the death of Marie de Medicis, in 1639 at the latest, and was fortunate enough to be received favourably by King Louis XIII of France and the Cardinal de Richelieu, who granted him a pension of 2000 écus. Puget may have owed his good fortune to the influence of his cousin, Pierre Puget de Montauron, a leading financier of the day.
<Fairhaven_Branch_Railroad>	The Fairhaven Branch Railroad was a short-line railroad in Massachusetts. It ran from West Wareham on the Cape Cod main line of the Old Colony Railroad, southwest to Fairhaven, a town across the Acushnet River from New Bedford.The Fairhaven Branch Railroad (FBRR) was incorporated in 1849, chartered in 1851, and built from 1852 to 1854. The New Bedford and Taunton Railroad bought the line in 1861, including its ferry terminals at New Bedford and Fairhaven, which afforded connections to Woods Hole and Martha's Vineyard via steamship. The railroad was merged into the Old Colony Railroad in 1883, four years after the Old Colony leased the Boston, Clinton, Fitchburg and New Bedford Railroad, the successor to the New Bedford and Taunton.Notable among the early employees of the FBRR was Henry Huttleston Rogers. Born in 1840, he was the son of a former ship's captain and grocer in Fairhaven. After graduating from high school in 1857, "Hen" Rogers hired on with the Fairhaven Branch Railroad as an expressman and brakeman. He worked for three or four years, carefully saving what he could from his meager earnings. Eventually, Henry Rogers rose within the growing petroleum industry to become one of the three key men in John D. Rockefeller's Standard Oil trust.
<Eugene,_Oregon>	Eugene (/juːˈdʒiːn/ yoo-JEEN) is a city in the U.S. state of Oregon. It is located at the southern end of the Willamette Valley, near the confluence of the McKenzie and Willamette rivers, about 50 miles (80 km) east of the Oregon Coast.As of the 2020 United States Census, Eugene had a population of 176,654 and covers city area of 44.21 sq mi (114.50 sq km). Eugene is the seat of Lane County and the state's second largest city after Portland. The Eugene-Springfield metropolitan statistical area is the 146th largest in the United States and the third largest in the state, behind those of Portland and Salem. In 2022, Eugene's population was estimated to have reached 179,887.
<Mark_Wadlow>	Mark Wadlow (born 1962) is an English screenwriter known for his partnership with Peter Morgan and his work on the ITV soap opera Coronation Street.Wadlow was born in Middlesbrough, England and attended St Francis Primary School. When he was 10, his family moved to the Hemlington area of the town, and he attended St George's Catholic School. At the age of 19, Wadlow began studying at the University of Leeds.At Leeds, Wadlow began writing with Peter Morgan. In 1984, he and Morgan wrote a play entitled Gross, based on his summer job in a call centre, which they took to the Edinburgh Festival. At Edinburgh, Wadlow and Morgan were approached by a member of staff from a company that made training videos, who asked them if they would like jobs writing training films. Wadlow and Morgan accepted the job and wrote training films for many years. Wadlow and Morgan returned to Edinburgh in 1986 with the play Pax Britannica. In 1988, Wadlow and Morgan wrote additional material for Ruth Prawer Jhabvala's script for John Schlesinger's film Madame Sousatzka. Morgan recalled, "We were incredibly cheap and totally exploited for six months for about five grand". In 1990, Wadlow and Morgan co-wrote Dear Rosie, a short film directed by Peter Cattaneo. The short was nominated in the Best Short Film category at the 44th British Academy Film Awards, and the Short Film (Live Action) category at the 63rd Academy Awards.
<The_Woodentops>	The Woodentops are a British rock band that enjoyed critical acclaim and moderate popularity in the mid-1980s.The band formed in 1983 in South London with an initial lineup of Rolo McGinty (vocals, guitar, formerly of the Wild Swans and the Jazz Butcher), Simon Mawby (guitar), Alice Thompson (keyboards), Frank DeFreitas (bass guitar) and Benny Staples replacing Paul Hookham (drums).
<News_Corporation>	News Corporation (abbreviated News Corp.), also variously known as News Corporation Limited, was an American multinational mass media corporation controlled by media mogul Rupert Murdoch and headquartered at 1211 Avenue of the Americas in New York City. Prior to its split in 2013, it was the world's largest media company in terms of total assets and the world's fourth largest media group in terms of revenue, and News Corporation had become a media powerhouse since its inception, dominating the news, television, film, and print industries.News Corporation was a publicly traded company listed on NASDAQ. Formerly incorporated in Adelaide, South Australia, the company was re-incorporated under Delaware General Corporation Law after a majority of shareholders approved the move on November 12, 2004. News Corporation was headquartered at 1211 Avenue of the Americas, New York, in the newer 1960s–1970s corridor of the Rockefeller Center complex.
<Comcast_Center_(Philadelphia)>	Comcast Center, also known as the Comcast Tower, is a skyscraper in Center City, Philadelphia.  The 58-story, 297-meter (974 ft) tower is the second-tallest building in Philadelphia and in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania (after the Comcast Technology Center), as well as the twenty-third tallest building in the United States. Originally called One Pennsylvania Plaza when the building was first announced in 2001, the Comcast Center went through two redesigns before construction began in 2005. Comcast Center was designed by Robert A.M. Stern Architects for Liberty Property Trust.In early 2005, the final redesign and its new name—the Comcast Center—were unveiled. The building is named after its lead tenant, cable company Comcast, which makes the skyscraper its corporate headquarters. Leasing 1,094,212 square feet (101,656 m2), Comcast takes up 89 percent of the building. The building features retail and restaurant space and a connection to the nearby Suburban Station. In Comcast Center's lobby is the Comcast Experience, which is a 2,000-square-foot (190 m2) high-definition LED screen that has become a tourist attraction. Designed to be environmentally friendly, the skyscraper is the tallest Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) certified building in Philadelphia.
<Alfred_Fowler>	Alfred Fowler, CBE FRS (22 March 1868, in Yorkshire – 24 June 1940) was an English astronomer.He was born in Wilsden on the outskirts of Bradford, Yorkshire and educated at London's Normal School of Science, which was later absorbed into Imperial College, London.
<Melvins>	Melvins (sometimes The Melvins) is an American rock band formed in 1983 in Montesano, Washington. Their early work was key to the development of both grunge and sludge metal. They originally performed as only a trio but later also sometimes appeared as a quartet with either two drummers or two bassists. Since 1984, vocalist and guitarist Buzz Osborne and drummer Dale Crover have been constant members. The band was named after a supervisor at a Thriftway in Montesano, where Osborne also worked as a clerk; "Melvin" was disliked by other employees, and the band's members felt it to be an appropriately ridiculous name.Melvins were formed in early 1983 by Buzz Osborne (guitar, vocals), Matt Lukin (bass), and Mike Dillard (drums) who all went to Montesano Jr./Sr. High School in Montesano, Washington. In the beginning they played Jimi Hendrix and Who covers, and also began playing fast hardcore punk. When Dillard left the band, Dale Crover took his place, and the band's rehearsals moved to a back room of Crover's parents' house in Aberdeen, Washington. Soon afterward, they started to play songs slower and "heavier" than nearly anyone else at the time.
<Lamborghini>	Automobili Lamborghini S.p.A. (Italian pronunciation: [autoˈmɔːbili lamborˈɡiːni]) is an Italian brand and manufacturer of luxury sports cars and SUVs based in Sant'Agata Bolognese. The company is owned by the Volkswagen Group through its subsidiary Audi.Ferruccio Lamborghini (1916–1993), an Italian manufacturing magnate, founded Automobili Ferruccio Lamborghini S.p.A. in 1963 to compete with Ferrari. The company was noted for using a rear mid-engine, rear-wheel drive layout. Lamborghini grew rapidly during its first decade, but sales plunged in the wake of the 1973 worldwide financial downturn and the oil crisis. The firm's ownership changed three times after 1973, including a bankruptcy in 1978. American Chrysler Corporation took control of Lamborghini in 1987 and sold it to Malaysian investment group Mycom Setdco and Indonesian group V'Power Corporation in 1994. In 1998, Mycom Setdco and V'Power sold Lamborghini to the Volkswagen Group where it was placed under the control of the group's Audi division.
<League_Park>	Cleveland Bearcats / Spiders (AA) 1914-1915Cleveland Buckeyes (NAL) (1943–1948, 1950)Cleveland Tigers (OL/NFL) (1916–1922)Cleveland Indians/Bulldogs (NFL) (1924–1927)Cleveland Rams (NFL) (1937, 1942, 1944–1945)Western Reserve Red Cats (NCAA) (1929–1932, 1934–1941, 1947–1949)*Split games between League Park and Cleveland Stadium from 1937–1946.League Park was a baseball park located in Cleveland, Ohio, United States.  It was situated at the northeast corner of Dunham Street (now known as East 66th Street) and Lexington Avenue in the Hough neighborhood.  It was built in 1891 as a wood structure and rebuilt using concrete and steel in 1910. The park was home to a number of professional sports teams, most notably the Cleveland Indians of Major League Baseball. League Park was first home to the Cleveland Spiders of the National League from 1891 to 1899 and of the Cleveland Lake Shores of the Western League, the minor league predecessor to the Indians, in 1900. From 1914 to 1915, League Park also hosted the Cleveland Spiders of the minor league American Association. In the late 1940s, the park was also the home field of the Cleveland Buckeyes of the Negro American League.In addition to baseball, League Park was also used for American football, serving as the home field for several successive teams in the Ohio League and early National Football League (NFL) during the 1920s and 1930s, as well as for college football.  Most notably, the Cleveland Rams of the NFL played at League Park in 1937 and for much of the early 1940s. Later in the 1940s, the Cleveland Browns used League Park as a practice field.
<IRI_Medal>	The IRI Medal, established by the Industrial Research Institute (IRI) in 1946, recognizes and honors leaders of technology for their outstanding accomplishments in technological innovation which contribute broadly to the development of industry and to the benefit of society. One side of the medal depicts a scientist peering into a microscope as a symbol of the never-ending quest for innovation; a pegasus running in the background as a symbol of imagination; and clouds issuing from a retort revealing the practical results of humanity's ability to harness natural forces to meet its needs. The reverse side of the medal is an adaptation of the official seal of the Institute. This award is traditionally presented each spring at the IRI Annual Meeting alongside the IRI Achievement Award.
<Ben_Roy_Mottelson>	Ben Roy Mottelson (9 July 1926 – 13 May 2022) was an American-Danish nuclear physicist. He won the 1975 Nobel Prize in Physics for his work on the non-spherical geometry of atomic nuclei.Mottelson was born in Chicago, Illinois on 9 July 1926, the son of Georgia (Blum) and Goodman Mottelson, an engineer. After graduating from Lyons Township High School in La Grange, Illinois, he joined the United States Navy and was sent to attend officers training at Purdue University, where he received a Bachelor's degree in 1947. He then earned a PhD in nuclear physics from Harvard University in 1950. His thesis adviser was Julian Schwinger, the theoretical physicist who later won the Nobel Prize in 1965 for his work on quantum electrodynamics.
<Carrie_Marcus_Neiman>	Carrie Marcus Neiman (May 3, 1883 – March 6, 1953) was an American businesswoman and one of the co-founders of Neiman Marcus, a luxury department store.Carrie Marcus was born in Louisville, Kentucky to German-Jewish immigrants Delia (Bloomfield) and Jacob Marcus. Jacob was a cotton broker, a fairly common occupation in the South. In 1895 the family moved to Hillsboro, Texas.  Carrie did not receive a formal education but was educated at home in a European milieu, reading German newspapers and studying European fashion magazines. In 1899, she followed her older siblings to Dallas, where she worked as a saleswoman at A. Harris and Company, a local department store, and became a top salesgirl.She met  Abraham Lincoln "Al" Neiman in Dallas, and they married shortly after, on April 25, 1905. She joined her husband, her brother Herbert, and his wife Minnie in a sales promotion business—the Neiman-Marcus Sales Firm—based in Atlanta, Georgia. Their success brought them a choice: accept a buyout from a local merchant, or promote a new (and risky) product, Coca-Cola. The family sold their business for $25,000 and returned to Dallas in 1907 to start an entirely new type of business.
<Vince_McMahon>	Vincent Kennedy McMahon (/məkˈmæn/; born August 24, 1945) is an American media proprietor and retired professional wrestling promoter, executive, and performer. From 1982 to 2022, he served as the chairman and chief executive officer (CEO) of WWE, the world's largest professional wrestling company, of which he is still majority owner and wields the majority of voting power. He is also the founder and owner of Alpha Entertainment.Born in Pinehurst, North Carolina, McMahon graduated from East Carolina University with a degree in business in 1968 and began his tenure in professional wrestling as a commentator for the then-World Wide Wrestling Federation (WWWF) for most of the 1970s; McMahon bought the company from his father, Vincent J. McMahon, in 1982 and almost monopolized the industry, which previously operated as separate entities across the United States. This led to the development of the annual WrestleMania, which became one of the most successful professional wrestling events. WWE faced industry competition from World Championship Wrestling (WCW) in the 1990s, before purchasing the competing company in 2001. WWE also purchased the assets of the defunct Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) in 2003.
<The_Kongouro_from_New_Holland>	The Kongouro from New Holland is an oil painting by George Stubbs. Depicting a kangaroo, it is the first painting of an Australian animal in Western Art, along with a painting of a dingo—Portrait of a Large Dog—also by George Stubbs. It is part of the collection of the National Maritime Museum in Greenwich, London. The work was commissioned by Joseph Banks and based on the inflated skin of an animal he had collected from the east coast of Australia in 1770 during Lieutenant James Cook's first voyage of discovery. It also seems to be based on Sydney Parkinson's drawing of a kangaroo; Parkinson was Joseph Banks's botanical illustrator on the first voyage of James Cook. It depicts the animal sitting on a rock and looking over its shoulder with a backdrop of trees and mountains. The two were the only two paintings that Stubbs did not draw from a live subject.It was first exhibited by the Society of Artists in London in 1773 together with his painting of the dingo, Portrait of a Large Dog. Subsequent exhibitions were held at the Walker Art Gallery in Liverpool in 1951 and the Whitechapel Art Gallery in 1957. The painting has also been on view in recent years at Parham House in Sussex during public openings.
<James_Hurst_(footballer)>	James Hurst (born 31 January 1992) is an English footballer who plays for Southern League Premier Division Central side Tamworth, where he plays as a defender.His professional career saw him play club football in the Premier League for West Bromwich Albion, in the Football League for Blackpool, Shrewsbury Town, Chesterfield, Birmingham City, Crawley Town and Northampton Town, and in the Icelandic Úrvalsdeild for ÍBV and Valur. Internationally, he represented England at levels from under-16 to under-20.
<Colin_Dexter>	Norman Colin Dexter OBE (29 September 1930 – 21 March 2017) was an English crime writer known for his Inspector Morse series of novels, which were written between 1975 and 1999 and adapted as an ITV television series, Inspector Morse, from 1987 to 2000. His characters have spawned a sequel series, Lewis, and a prequel series, Endeavour.Dexter was born in Stamford, Lincolnshire, to Alfred and Dorothy Dexter. He had an elder brother, John, a fellow classicist, who taught Classics at The King's School, Peterborough, and a sister, Avril. Alfred ran a small garage and taxi company from premises in Scotgate, Stamford. Dexter was educated at St. John's Infants School, Bluecoat Junior School, from which he gained a scholarship to Stamford School, a boys' public school, where one of his contemporaries was the England international cricket captain and England international rugby player M. J. K. Smith.
<Harvard_Medical_School>	Harvard Medical School (HMS) is the graduate medical school of Harvard University and is located in the Longwood Medical Area of Boston, Massachusetts. Founded in 1782, HMS is one of the oldest medical schools in the United States and is consistently ranked first for research among medical schools by U.S. News & World Report. Unlike most other leading medical schools, HMS does not operate in conjunction with a single hospital but is directly affiliated with several teaching hospitals in the Boston area. Affiliated teaching hospitals and research institutes include Dana–Farber Cancer Institute, Massachusetts General Hospital, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, Boston Children's Hospital, McLean Hospital, Cambridge Health Alliance, The Baker Center for Children and Families, and Spaulding Rehabilitation Hospital.Harvard Medical School was founded on September 19, 1782, after President Joseph Willard presented a report with plans for a medical school to the President and Fellows of Harvard College. The founding faculty members of Harvard Medical School were John Warren, Aaron Dexter, and Benjamin Waterhouse, a graduate of the University of Edinburgh Medical School. It is the third-oldest medical school in the United States, founded after the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania and Columbia University Vagelos College of Physicians and Surgeons.
<Buffalo_(NFL)>	Buffalo, New York had a turbulent, early-era National Football League team that operated under multiple names and several different owners between the 1910s and 1920s.  The early NFL-era franchise was variously called the Buffalo All-Stars from 1915 to 1917, Buffalo Niagaras in 1918, the Buffalo Prospects in 1919, Buffalo All-Americans from 1920 to 1923, Buffalo Bisons from 1924 to 1925 and in 1927 and 1929, and the Buffalo Rangers in 1926. The franchise, which was experiencing financial problems in 1928, did not participate in league play that season.Buffalo operated an early professional football circuit from at least the late 1800s onward. Among notable predecessors to the team discussed here were the Buffalo Oakdales, whose heyday was in the years 1908 and 1909 and who ceased operations c. 1915; the Cazenovias, who were New York's best team in 1910 and 1911; and the Lancaster Malleables, from the neighboring town of Lancaster, New York, who were the best team in the region in 1913 and 1914. These teams played each other and teams from nearby cities (for example, the Rochester Jeffersons).The All-Stars played from 1915 to 1917 under the leadership of Eugene F. Dooley; in 1917, Dooley, along with his star player Barney Lepper, took the team on a barnstorming tour of midwestern pro football teams. In 1918, the city's teams were not allowed to play outside the area because of the 1918 flu pandemic; Dooley and Lepper discontinued the All-Stars. Shoe salesman Warren D. Patterson, at the same time as this, formed a new team known as the Buffalo Niagaras, signing former Youngstown Patricians quarterback Ernest "Tommy" Hughitt as his quarterback. As the Niagaras, the team won a citywide championship in 1918, going undefeated with a 6–0–0 record (including a forfeit), having only one touchdown scored on them in any of their six games. They were one of the few upper-level teams still able to play games that year, with most of the top-level teams (such as the Patricians, Canton Bulldogs and Massillon Tigers) all having suspended operations due to the pandemic and/or World War I player shortages; this allowed Buffalo to get a leg up on its Ohio competition and sign otherwise-unemployed players, setting a course for bringing the region on par with the Ohio League and the ultimate establishment of the NFL. With that, they could have theoretically staked a claim to being the best team in the nation, especially considering how the team would perform over the next three seasons, but the Professional Football Researchers Association is dismissive of any claim that does not come from the Ohio League, and gives the mythical "national title" to the Dayton Triangles, who also went undefeated that year. When the New York Pro Football League reopened in 1919, the team, now reorganized into a franchise known as the Prospects, defeated the Rochester Jeffersons for the league title in a two-game Thanksgiving weekend tournament. The two teams tied the Thanksgiving Day game, but Buffalo handily defeated Rochester 20–0 the following Sunday.
<Audiolab>	Audiolab is a Chinese manufacturer of audio equipment. It specializes in affordable systems and has a range of stereo and surround sound systems. During its ownership under McLaren Group it was named TAGMcLaren Audio.Audiolab was founded by Philip Swift and Derek Scotland in 1983. They met as students of Imperial College, and shared a common frustration of the high cost of hi-fi equipment and the difficulty of use. The first product was the 8000A integrated amplifier, followed by the 8000C preamplifier, the 8000P power amplifier and 8000M mono-blocks. As the company grew, they developed new products including CD players, transports, radio tuners and digital-to-analog converters.Audiolab was taken over by TAG McLaren in 1998. The TAG McLaren Audio enterprise suffered adversely from the economic slump in the early 2000s, and announced that it ceased development in mid-2003 followed by a strategic review. The audio operations were eventually sold to the International Audio Group (headquartered in Shenzhen, China), which owns other Hi-Fi manufacturers such as Quad, Mission, Wharfedale and Castle Acoustics. In 2005 Audiolab re-emerged with a whole new range of equipment.
<Rally_for_the_Republic>	The Rally for the Republic (French: Rassemblement pour la République [ʁasɑ̃bləmɑ̃ puʁ la ʁepyblik]; RPR [ɛʁ pe ɛr]), was a Gaullist and conservative political party in France. Originating from the Union of Democrats for the Republic (UDR), it was founded by Jacques Chirac in 1976 and presented itself as the heir of Gaullist politics. On 21 September 2002, the RPR was merged into the Union for the Presidential Majority, later renamed the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP).In 1974, the divisions in the Gaullist movement permitted the election of Valéry Giscard d'Estaing to the Presidency of the French Republic. Representing the pro-European and Orleanist centre-right, he was the first non-Gaullist becoming head of state since the beginning of the Fifth Republic in 1958. However, the Gaullist Party remained the main force in parliament and Jacques Chirac was appointed Prime Minister. Chirac resigned in August 1976 and in December 1976 the RPR was created in order to restore the Gaullist domination over the institutions of the French republic.
<Oliver_Twist_(2005_film)>	Oliver Twist is a 2005 drama film directed by Roman Polanski. The screenplay by Ronald Harwood adapts Charles Dickens's 1838 novel of the same name. It is an international co-production of the United Kingdom, the Czech Republic, France and Italy.The film premiered at the 2005 Toronto International Film Festival on 11 September 2005 before going into limited release in the United States on 23 September. It received mixed to positive reviews from critics, but was a commercial failure.
<Henry_Wilcoxon>	Harry Frederick Wilcoxon (8 September 1905 – 6 March 1984), known as Henry Wilcoxon, was an actor born in Roseau, Dominica, British West Indies, and who was a leading man in many of Cecil B. DeMille's films, also serving as DeMille's associate producer on his later films.Wilcoxon was born on 8 September 1905 in Roseau, Dominica. His father was English-born Robert Stanley 'Tan' Wilcoxon, manager of the Colonial Bank in Jamaica and his mother, Lurline Mignonette Nunes, was a Jamaican amateur theatre actress, descendant of a wealthy Spanish merchant family.
<The_Prince_Who_Turns_into_a_Frog>	The Prince Who Turns into a Frog (traditional Chinese: 王子變青蛙; simplified Chinese: 王子变青蛙; pinyin: Wángzǐ biàn qīngwā) is a 2005 Taiwanese drama starring Ming Dao, Joe Chen, Sam Wang and Joyce Chao. It was produced by Sanlih E-Television and directed by Chen Ming Zhang (陳銘章) and Liu Jun Jie (劉俊傑).The series was first broadcast in Taiwan on free-to-air Taiwan Television (TTV) (台視) from 5 June 2005 to 16 October 2005, every Sunday at 21:30 and cable TV Sanlih E-Television (三立電視) from 11 June 2005 to 22 October 2005, every Saturday at 21:00. Episode seven was broadcast on 17 July 2005, which achieved an average rating of 7.05 and peaked at 8.05 and was the highest peak for a single episode for an idol drama until 2008.
<Nightmare_Abbey>	Nightmare Abbey is an 1818 novella by Thomas Love Peacock which makes good-natured fun of contemporary literary trends.Nightmare Abbey was Peacock's third long work of fiction to be published. It was written in late March and June 1818, and published in London in November of the same year. The novella was lightly revised by the author in 1837 for republication in Volume 57 of Bentley's Standard Novels. The book is Peacock's most well-liked and frequently-read work.
<Halogen_TV>	Halogen TV was an American digital cable and satellite television channel that aired feature-length films, documentaries, short films, and original reality programs that centered on making positive social changes and making the world a better place.In December 2012, Halogen, along with the Documentary Channel, was acquired by Participant Media and re-branded as Pivot, a channel aimed at young adults between 18 and 34 years old. The combined channel debuted on August 1, 2013. Pivot ceased operations on October 31, 2016 folding the former Halogen TV channel space.
<Ebbsfleet_United_F.C.>	Ebbsfleet United Football Club is a professional football club based in Northfleet, Kent, England. As of the 2021–22 season, the club competes in the National League South, the sixth tier of English football.The club was formed in 1946 from the merger of Gravesend United and Northfleet United, and was known as Gravesend & Northfleet before changing to its current name in 2007. Home matches have been played at Stonebridge Road since the club's inception. Between 2008 and 2013, the club was owned by the web-based venture MyFootballClub, whose members voted on player transfers, budgets and ticket prices among other things instead of those decisions being made exclusively by the club's management and staff as at most other clubs.
<Anglo-Argentine_Tramways_Company>	The Anglo-Argentine Tramways Company (Spanish: Compañía de Tranvías Anglo Argentina), known simply as La Anglo in Argentina, was a large transportation company which operated the majority of the trams in the Buenos Aires network, which was also one of the largest in the world at the time having lines totalling 875 km (544 mi) in length. The company also created Buenos Aires' first underground tram line, which would go on to become Line A of the Buenos Aires Underground.  The company also owned other tramways around the country.The company was founded in 1876 by British and Anglo-Argentine investors in order to acquire the existing Buenos Aires tramway network, within the context of the country's belle epoque, where it was receiving significant investments from foreign companies. By the turn of the century, the company owned a significant number of tramways throughout Argentina, most notably the Buenos Aires and Rosario Tramways. In Rosario, the company opened its first line in 1886 and later bought five of the local tramway companies, while operating 106 km (66 mi) of lines there through concession.
<Keko_(footballer,_born_1991)>	Sergio Gontán Gallardo (born 27 December 1991), known as Keko, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for USL Championship club Sacramento Republic as a right winger.Formed at Atlético Madrid, he made 112 La Liga appearance for that club, Valladolid, Eibar and Málaga. He also played in Serie A for Catania.
<Eric_James_Denton>	Sir Eric James Denton CBE FRS (30 September 1923 – 2 January 2007) was a British marine biologist who won the Royal Society's Royal Medal in 1987.Denton was born in Bentley, South Yorkshire. He was educated at Doncaster Grammar School and St John's College, Cambridge, where he graduated with an Ordinary degree in Physics, before pursuing biophysics research at University College London. He was subsequently a lecturer in Physiology at the University of Aberdeen, and then a physiologist at the Marine Biological Association Laboratory in Plymouth. From 1974 to 1987 he was the Director of the Marine Biological Association Laboratory.
<Frederik_Pohl>	Hugo Award (novel)  1978                  National Book Award  1980                  Frederik George Pohl Jr. (/poʊl/; November 26, 1919 – September 2, 2013) was an American science-fiction writer, editor, and fan, with a career spanning nearly 75 years—from his first published work, the 1937 poem "Elegy to a Dead Satellite: Luna", to the 2011 novel All the Lives He Led.
<Sinan_Tuzcu>	Sinan Tuzcu (born 10 July 1977) is a Turkish actor and scriptwriter.Tuzcu first rose to prominence in 2005 with his role as Ömer in the TV series Ihlamurlar Altında. In the following year, he had a leading role in the operetta Ayşe, which was staged for the first time in 60 years. On 9 July 2006, he married actress Dolunay Soysert, with whom he shared the leading role in Ayşe. Tuzcu also wrote the play Sürmanşet which was staged by BKM and Istanbul Folk Theatre between 2008 and 2009.In 2014, he wrote the script for the series Urfalıyam Ezelden, which was broadcast on Kanal D and Star TV. Together with Ali Aydın, he also wrote the script for the 2016 series Kehribar, which was broadcast on ATV. In the same year, he and Dolunay Soysert divorced.
<Jackson,_Mississippi>	Jackson, officially the City of Jackson, is the capital of and the most populous city in the U.S. state of Mississippi. The city is also one of two county seats of Hinds County, along with Raymond. The city had a population of 153,701 at the 2020 census, down from 173,514 at the 2010 census. Jackson's population declined more between 2010 and 2020 (11.42%) than any major city in the United States. Jackson is the anchor for the Jackson metropolitan statistical area, the largest metropolitan area completely within the state. With a 2020 population estimated around 600,000, metropolitan Jackson is home to over one-fifth of Mississippi's population. The city sits on the Pearl River and is located in the greater Jackson Prairie region of Mississippi.Founded in 1821 as the site for a new state capital, the city is named after General Andrew Jackson, who was honored for his role in the Battle of New Orleans during the War of 1812 and would later serve as U.S. president.  Following the nearby Battle of Vicksburg in 1863 during the American Civil War, Union forces under the command of General William Tecumseh Sherman began the siege of Jackson and the city was subsequently burned.
<Minneapolis_Millers>	The Minneapolis Millers were an American professional minor league baseball team that played in Minneapolis, Minnesota, through 1960. In the 19th century a different Minneapolis Millers were part of the Western League. The team played first in Athletic Park and later Nicollet Park. The name Minneapolis Millers has been associated with a variety of professional minor league teams. The original Millers date back to 1884 when the Northwestern League was formed. This league failed and the Western League replaced it, absorbing some of the old teams. According to Stew Thornley, this team folded in 1891 due to financial problems. In 1894, another team calling itself the Millers was formed when Ban Johnson and Charles Comiskey revived the Western League in hopes of making it a second major league. The Millers continued to play in the Western League through 1900, when the name was changed to the American League to give it more of a national image. Following the 1900 season, several cities were abandoned for bigger markets in cities recently vacated by the National League, including Minneapolis. Some teams were transferred, as was the case of the Kansas City Blues franchise to become the Washington Nationals (Senators). However, some of the teams were just left out in the dark. It is unclear which of these two paths the Millers took, but most evidence seems to point toward abandonment, not a transfer to Baltimore, especially given that no player for the 1900 Millers played for the 1901 Orioles.Several teams went by the nickname Millers, but the most prominent of these was the team in the American Association from 1902 to 1960. The Millers won four Association pennants during the 1910–23 tenure of "Pongo Joe" Cantillon, then were managed from 1924–31 by another legend, Michael Joseph Kelley, one of the great figures of American Association history. Kelley operated the team as club president until 1946.  Broadcaster Halsey Hall was the Millers' play-by-play man from 1933 until the club folded in 1960 to make way for the Minnesota Twins.
<Yale_University>	Yale University is a private Ivy League research university in New Haven, Connecticut. Founded in 1701 as the Collegiate School, it is the third-oldest institution of higher education in the United States and among the most prestigious in the world.Chartered by the Connecticut Colony, the Collegiate School was established in 1701 by clergy to educate Congregational ministers before moving to New Haven in 1716. Originally restricted to theology and sacred languages, the curriculum began to incorporate humanities and sciences by the time of the American Revolution.[citation needed] In the 19th century, the college expanded into graduate and professional instruction, awarding the first PhD in the United States in 1861 and organizing as a university in 1887. Yale's faculty and student populations grew after 1890 with rapid expansion of the physical campus and scientific research.[citation needed]
<Bend_Sinister_(novel)>	Bend Sinister is a dystopian novel written by Vladimir Nabokov during the years 1945 and 1946, and published by Henry Holt and Company in 1947. It was Nabokov's eleventh novel and his second written in English.In heraldry, a standard "bend" is a diagonal band from the upper dexter to the lower sinister (that is, from the upper right of the coat of arms' bearer to his lower left) and a "bend sinister" is its left-handed reverse. To a viewer facing the shield the appearances will be reversed, \ and / respectively. In a 1963 edition of the book, Nabokov explains that "this choice of a title was an attempt to suggest an outline broken by refraction, a distortion in the mirror of being, a wrong turn taken by life." In the novel, Nabokov often uses word-play concerning leftward (or "sinister") movements.This book takes place in a fictitious European city known as Padukgrad, where a government arises following the rise of a philosophy known as "Ekwilism", which discourages the idea of anyone being different from anyone else, and promotes the state as the prominent good in society. The story begins with the protagonist, Adam Krug, who had just lost his wife to an unsuccessful surgery. He is quickly asked to sign and deliver a speech to the leader of the new government by the head of the university and his colleagues, but he refuses. This government is led by a man named Paduk and his "Party of the Average Man". As it happens, the world-renowned philosopher Adam Krug was, in his youth, a classmate of Paduk, at which period he had bullied him and referred to him disparagingly as "the Toad". Paduk arrests many of the people close to Krug and those against his Ekwilist philosophy, and attempts to get the influential Professor Krug to promote the state philosophy to help stomp out dissent and increase his personal prestige.
<Krzysztof_Król>	Krzysztof Łukasz Król (born February 6, 1987) is a Polish footballer who currently is a coach for the US youth U12 team the Elmhurst City Soccer Association (ECSA) .Król played with the youth teams of Górnik Radlin, WSP Wodzisław Śląski and Amica Wronki, before signing his first professional contract with Dyskobolia Grodzisk in 2006. He made his professional debut for Grodzisk in the Polish Ekstraklasa in August 2006.In early 2007 Król joined Real Madrid's third team. At the start of the 2007/08 season he was briefly promoted to Real Madrid Castilla but did not make any appearances. In July 2008, having failed to make an impression in Spain, he returned to his native Poland and signed a three-year contract with Jagiellonia Białystok.
<Diego_Olivera>	Diego Olivera, (born on February 7, 1968 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentinian actor.He began his career at the age of 12, in Teatro San Martín Work "Street Scene". Studying Theatre was formed with Alejandra Boero, Carlos Gandolfo and Héctor Bidonde. He rose to fame as a teenager with his character of Darío (Darius) on "Montaña Rusa".He was built as an actor performing various characters in the musicals for her gifts as a singer in "La Bella y la Bestia" and "101 dálmatas" and children as "Tom Sawyer", "Cantame un Cuento", composed  Unitarios  Telenovelas characters. In 2006 while filming "La Ley del Amor" in Telefe canal 11, was chosen to star in "Montecristo" in México City, having a great impact in Argentina, for the network of TV AZTECA.
<Rudolf_Mössbauer>	Rudolf Ludwig Mössbauer (German spelling: Mößbauer; German pronunciation: [ˈʁuːdɔlf ˈmœsˌbaʊ̯ɐ] (listen); 31 January 1929 – 14 September 2011) was a German physicist best known for his 1957 discovery of recoilless nuclear resonance fluorescence for which he was awarded the 1961 Nobel Prize in Physics. This effect, called the Mössbauer effect, is the basis for Mössbauer spectroscopy.Mössbauer was born in Munich, where he also studied physics at the Technical University of Munich. He prepared his Diplom thesis in the Laboratory of Applied Physics of Heinz Maier-Leibnitz and graduated in 1955. He then went to the Max Planck Institute for Medical Research in Heidelberg. Since this institute, not being part of a university, had no right to award a doctorate, Mössbauer remained under the auspices of Maier-Leibnitz, who was his official thesis advisor when he passed his PhD exam in Munich in 1958.In his PhD work, he discovered recoilless nuclear fluorescence of gamma rays in 191 iridium, the Mössbauer effect. His fame grew immensely in 1960 when Robert Pound and Glen Rebka used this effect to prove the red shift of gamma radiation in the gravitational field of the Earth; this Pound–Rebka experiment was one of the first experimental precision tests of Albert Einstein's general theory of relativity. The long-term importance of the Mössbauer effect, however, is its use in Mössbauer spectroscopy. Along with Robert Hofstadter, Rudolf Mössbauer was awarded the 1961 Nobel Prize in Physics.
<The_Lazarus_Project_(novel)>	The Lazarus Project is a 2008 novel by Bosnian fiction writer and journalist Aleksandar Hemon. It features the true story of the death of Lazarus Averbuch, a teenaged Jewish immigrant to Chicago who was shot and killed by a police officer in 1908. It was a finalist for the 2008 National Book Award and National Book Critics Circle Award, as well as the winner of the inaugural Jan Michalski Prize for Literature in 2010.The Lazarus Project received starred reviews from Booklist, Kirkus Reviews, and Publishers Weekly.Kirkus called the book "[a] literary page-turner that combines narrative momentum with meditations on identity and mortality."
<Terry_Fields>	Terence Fields (8 March 1937 – 28 June 2008) was a British politician and firefighter. A member of the Militant group, he was the Labour Member of Parliament for Liverpool Broadgreen from 1983 to 1992. He was expelled from the Labour Party in 1991 with the rest of Militant. Earlier he had been on the executive of the Fire Brigades Union.Fields was born in Bootle, north of Liverpool, the son of a dockworker. Educated at the Major Street County Secondary School and at De La Salle Grammar School in Liverpool, Fields then spent two years on National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps, an experience that he later claimed had radicalised him. Despite eye problems (which caused him to wear dark glasses), he became a fireman and later a Fire Brigades Union activist.
<Durham,_North_Carolina>	Durham (/ˈdʌrəm/ DURR-əm) is a city in the U.S. state of North Carolina and the county seat of Durham County. Small portions of the city limits extend into Orange County and Wake County. With a population of 283,506 in the 2020 Census, Durham is the 4th-most populous city in North Carolina, and the 74th-most populous city in the United States. The city is located in the east-central part of the Piedmont region along the Eno River. Durham is the core of the four-county Durham-Chapel Hill Metropolitan Area, which has a population of 649,903 as of 2020 U.S. Census. The Office of Management and Budget also includes Durham as a part of the Raleigh-Durham-Cary Combined Statistical Area, commonly known as the Research Triangle, which has a population of  2,043,867 as of 2020 U.S. census.A railway depot was established in 1849 on land donated by Bartlett S. Durham, the namesake of the city. Following the American Civil War, the community of Durham Station expanded rapidly, in part due to the tobacco industry. The town was incorporated by act of the North Carolina General Assembly, in April 1869. The establishment of Durham County was ratified by the General Assembly 12 years later, in 1881. It became known as the founding place and headquarters of the American Tobacco Company. Textile and electric power industries also played an important role. While these industries have declined, Durham underwent revitalization and population growth to become an educational, medical, and research center.
<Flix_(TV_network)>	Flix (stylized as FLiX) is an American premium cable and satellite television network owned by Showtime Networks, a subsidiary of Paramount Global operated through its Media Networks unit. Its programming consists solely of theatrically released motion pictures released from the 1970s to the present day, interspersed with some films from the 1950s and 1960s.It is the only premium television service in the United States that does not operate any multiplex channels that provide additional programming alongside the main service. Although Flix is typically offered as part of the Showtime multiplex, the channel's carriage varies depending on both the cable provider and market, therefore it may not be available alongside Showtime and The Movie Channel's multiplex services in all areas. Although one or both of the channels have traditionally been carried alongside the Showtime multiplex on cable and satellite providers, as of 2018[update], Flix as well as The Movie Channel are not presently carried by any of the over-the-top subscription television services – Hulu Live TV, Sling TV, YouTube TV and DirecTV Now – that carry most or all of the eight Showtime multiplex channels.
<Northampton_Town_F.C.>	Northampton Town Football Club is a professional association football club based in the town of Northampton, England. The team plays in EFL League Two, the fourth tier of the English football league system.Founded in 1897, the club competed in the Midland League for two seasons, before joining the Southern League in 1901. They were crowned Southern League champions in 1908–09, allowing them to contest the 1909 FA Charity Shield. Admitted into the Football League in 1920, they spent the next 38 years in the Third Division South. Under Dave Bowen, the club achieved three promotions from the Fourth Division to the First Division within five years. However, Northampton only survived for one season in the top tier of English football after relegation in 1966. Northampton then experienced two further relegations in three years to return to the Fourth Division by 1969 – this set a record in English football of moving from the fourth tier to the first tier and back in only nine years. After six seasons of stability in the fourth tier, the club won promotion before returning to the Fourth Division after another relegation in 1977. Northampton won further promotions to the third tier in 1987 and 1997. Relegated in 1999, they won immediate promotion after securing an automatic promotion place the following season. However they were once more relegated after three seasons of struggle in the third tier, before securing promotion out of League Two in 2005–06 after two unsuccessful play-off campaigns. Relegated at the end of their third season in League One, they won the League Two title in 2015–16, but only lasted two seasons in League One before again being relegated. In 2020, they gained promotion to League One, but were relegated to League Two once again after a single season in the third tier.
<Tien-Yien_Li>	Tien-Yien Li (李天岩) (June 28, 1945 – June 25, 2020) was a University Distinguished Professor of Mathematics and University Distinguished Professor Emeritus at Michigan State University. There, he spent 42 years and supervised 26 Ph.D. dissertations. Li was born on June 28, 1945 in Sha County, Fujian Province, China. At age three, he was brought to Taiwan by his parents. He earned his B.S. in Mathematics at the National Tsinghua University in 1968. Li received his doctorate in 1974 from University of Maryland under the guidance of James Yorke.
<Richard_Kollmar>	Richard Tompkins Kollmar (December 31, 1910 – January 7, 1971), also known professionally as Dick Kollmar, was an American stage, radio, film and television actor, television personality and Broadway producer. Kollmar was the husband of journalist Dorothy Kilgallen.Kollmar was born in Brooklyn, New York to John and Christine L. (née Smith) Kollmar. His great-great-grandfather was Daniel D. Tompkins, the fourth governor of New York and the sixth vice president of the United States. When Kollmar was an infant, the family moved to Ridgewood, New Jersey, where his father worked as an architect. Kollmar attended Tusculum College, where he became interested in acting, and he performed in the school's glee club and was the editor of the school newspaper. Upon graduation, he enrolled at the Yale School of Drama but dropped out after winning a role on a radio drama.
<Dan_Harmon>	Daniel James Harmon (born January 3, 1973) is an American writer, producer, and actor. He is best known as the creator and producer of the NBC/Yahoo! Screen sitcom Community (2009–2015), creator and host of the comedy podcast Harmontown (2012–2019), co-creator of the Adult Swim animated sitcom Rick and Morty (2013–present) and its subsequent franchise along with Justin Roiland, and co-founder of the alternative television network and website Channel 101 along with Rob Schrab.Daniel James Harmon was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, on January 3, 1973. He graduated from Brown Deer High School in Brown Deer, Wisconsin, and attended Marquette University. He briefly attended Glendale Community College in Glendale, California, an experience which would later form the basis of his sitcom Community.
<Cars_(film)>	Cars is a 2006 American computer-animated sports comedy film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. The film was directed by John Lasseter from a screenplay by Dan Fogelman, Lasseter, Joe Ranft, Kiel Murray, Phil Lorin, and Jorgen Klubien and a story by Lasseter, Ranft, and Klubien, and was the final film independently produced by Pixar after its purchase by Disney in January 2006. The film features an ensemble voice cast of Owen Wilson, Paul Newman (in his final voice acting theatrical film role), Bonnie Hunt, Larry the Cable Guy, Tony Shalhoub, Cheech Marin, Michael Wallis, George Carlin, Paul Dooley, Jenifer Lewis, Guido Quaroni, Michael Keaton, Katherine Helmond, John Ratzenberger and Richard Petty, while race cardrivers Dale Earnhardt Jr. (as "Junior"), Mario Andretti, Michael Schumacher and car enthusiast Jay Leno (as "Jay Limo") voice themselves. Set in a world populated entirely by anthropomorphic talking cars and other vehicles, it follows a hotshot rookie race car named Lightning McQueen (Wilson) who, on the way to the biggest race of his life, gets stranded in Radiator Springs, a run down town, and learns a thing or two about friendship, family, and the things in life that are truly worth waiting for.Development for Cars started in 1998, after finishing the production of A Bug's Life, with a new script titled The Yellow Car, which was about an electric car living in a gas-guzzling world with Jorgen Klubien began writing. It was announced that the producers agreed that it could be the next Pixar film after A Bug's Life, which scheduled for early 1999, particularly around June 4; the idea was later scrapped in favor of Toy Story 2. Shortly after, the production was resumed with major script changes. The film was inspired by Lasseter's experiences cross-country road trip. Randy Newman compose the film's score with artists such as Sheryl Crow, Rascal Flatts and Brad Paisley contributing tracks for the film.
<When_We_Were_Orphans>	When We Were Orphans is the fifth novel by Nobel Prize-winning British author Kazuo Ishiguro, published in 2000. It is loosely categorised as a detective novel. When We Were Orphans was shortlisted for the 2000 Booker Prize.The novel is about an Englishman named Christopher Banks. His early childhood was lived in the Shanghai International Settlement in China in the early 1900s, until his father, an opium businessman, and his mother disappear within a few weeks of each other when the boy is about ten years old. Christopher is sent to live with his aunt in England. He becomes a successful detective; now he will turn his skills to solve the case of his parents' disappearance. Though he knows a young woman named Sarah (also orphaned at age ten), Christopher never marries; he adopts an orphaned girl in England named Jennifer. His fame as a private investigator soon spreads, and in 1937 he returns to China to solve the most important case of his life. The impression is given that if he solves this case, a world catastrophe will be averted, but it is not apparent how. As Christopher pursues his investigation, the boundaries between life and imagination begin to evaporate.
<Eddie_Fogler>	Eddie Fogler (born June 12, 1948) is an American retired college basketball player and coach.  He played for the University of North Carolina from 1967 to 1970 where he played as a point guard on two NCAA Final Four teams.  Fogler was an All-City guard at Flushing High School in Flushing, New York.“I was a pretty good high school player growing up and did pretty well,” said Fogler. “North Carolina always had a tradition of looking in New York for players from Coach (Frank) McGuire who passed that down to Coach Smith.  “I went to a summer camp in North Carolina before my senior year. I loved it and they felt I might be good enough to help their program. It worked out for me to become a student-athlete at Chapel Hill in 1966–1970. We played freshman ball and my freshman coach was Larry Brown.” As a junior, Fogler was a solid starter at guard and the Tar Heels reached the Final Four again as ACC Champions and ACC Tournament champions finishing with a 27–5 record. North Carolina lost in a semifinals game to Purdue (92–65) who was led by All-American Rick Mount.After graduating from UNC with a degree in Mathematics, Fogler spent the next year teaching and coaching at DeMatha Catholic High School in Hyattsville, Maryland, under prep legend Morgan Wootten.  After one year in Hyattsville, Fogler would return to Chapel Hill as a graduate assistant for two seasons under Smith. He would spend 15 years as a Tar Heel assistant where the university won eight ACC Championships, five ACC Tournament Titles and made the Final Four four times with a national title in 1982 over Georgetown. Coaching for his mentor Smith was an experience of a lifetime for a young college coach.
<Sidney_Drell>	Sidney David Drell (September 13, 1926 – December 21, 2016) was an American theoretical physicist and arms control expert.At the time of his death, he was professor emeritus at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center (SLAC) and senior fellow at Stanford University's Hoover Institution.  Drell was a noted contributor in the fields of quantum electrodynamics and high-energy particle physics. The Drell–Yan process is partially named for him.Born in Atlantic City, New Jersey, Drell graduated from Atlantic City High School.
<Modern_English_Version>	The Modern English Version (MEV) is an English translation of the Bible begun in 2005 and completed in 2014. The work was edited by James F. Linzey, and is an update of the King James Version (KJV), re-translated from the Masoretic Text and the Textus Receptus. The ecumenical Committee on Bible Translation is composed of 47 American and English scholars from the three major branches of Christianity: Orthodox, Protestant, and Roman Catholic.In June 2005, Southern Baptist minister, chief editor, and executive director Rev. James F. Linzey assembled and directed the Committee on Bible Translation, which included Stanley M. Horton serving as the senior editorial advisor. The Committee produced an updated edition of the KJV called the MEV, which is the KJV in a more modern English vernacular. The translators began the work on June 2, 2005; they completed the New Testament on October 25, 2011, and the Old Testament on May 28, 2014.Committee members include Eugene C. Ulrich, Stephen L. Herring, Eric Mitchell, Edward W. Watson, and T.J. Betts. The scholars working on the translation represent many academic institutions as professors or graduates, including Fuller Theological Seminary, Geneva College, Harvard University, Oxford Centre for Hebrew and Jewish Studies, Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary, University of Notre Dame, Yale University, and others; and they represent many churches across a wide range of denominations, including the Church of England, Evangelical Lutheran Church in America, General Council of the Assemblies of God, Presbyterian Church of America, Southern Baptist Convention, and others.
<Nina_Foch>	Nina Foch (/fɒʃ/ FOSH; born Nina Consuelo Maud Fock; April 20, 1924 – December 5, 2008) was a Dutch-born American actress who later became an instructor. Her career spanned six decades, consisting of over 50 feature films and over 100 television appearances. She was the recipient of numerous accolades, including an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress, and a National Board of Review Award for Best Supporting Actress. Foch established herself as a dramatic actress in the late 1940s, often playing cool, aloof sophisticates.Born in Leiden, Netherlands in 1924, Foch immigrated to the United States with her mother while still a toddler, and was raised in New York City. After signing a contract with Columbia Pictures at age 19, Foch became a regular in the studio's horror pictures and films noir, starring in such films as The Return of the Vampire (1943), Escape in the Fog, and My Name Is Julia Ross (1945). She concurrently embarked on a stage career, making her Broadway debut as the titular Mary in 1947's John Loves Mary. She subsequently starred in several Broadway productions of William Shakespeare plays, including Twelfth Night (1949), King Lear (1950), and Measure for Measure (1955).
<Carolyn_Goodman_(politician)>	'Carolyn Goodman (née Goldmark) is an American politician who has served as mayor of Las Vegas, Nevada, since 2011. She is the second female mayor of Las Vegas and is married to former mayor and attorney Oscar Goodman. She is the founder, president and trustee emerita of The Meadows School.Born in New York City in 1939, Goodman attended the Brearley School, then earned a bachelor's degree in anthropology from Bryn Mawr College in 1961. She and Oscar Goodman moved to Las Vegas from Philadelphia in 1964. She graduated from the University of Nevada, Las Vegas in 1973 with a master's degree in counseling.
<Tom_Izzo>	Tom Izzo (/ˈɪzoʊ/, Italian pronunciation: [ˈittso]); born January 30, 1955) is an American college basketball coach who has been the head coach at Michigan State University since 1995. On April 4, 2016, Izzo was elected to the Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame.Izzo has led the Spartans to eight Final Fours in the NCAA Tournament, which include the NCAA National Championship in 2000 and a Runner-Up finish in 2009. His teams have won ten Big Ten regular season titles, and six Big Ten tournament championships in his 26 years at Michigan State. Izzo has the most wins in school history and his teams have earned invitations to 24 consecutive NCAA tournaments without a single losing season as a head coach. In addition, MSU set the Big Ten record for the longest home court winning streak between 1998 and 2002. Several of these accomplishments led former ESPN analyst Andy Katz to deem Michigan State the top college basketball program for the decade of 1998 to 2007.
<Waya>	Waya (1974–2001) was a French Thoroughbred World Record holding racehorse who competed successfully in France and was a Champion in the United States. She was bred by the prominent French horseman Daniel Wildenstein through his breeding company, Dayton Ltd. Out of the mare War Path, her sire was Wildenstein's stallion Faraway Son, a Group 1 winner and the 1971 French Champion Miler.In 1977, the three-year-old Waya competed in France for Daniel Wildenstein, where she was conditioned for racing by the Argentine-born trainer Angel Penna, a future U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee. A winner in her debut at Saint-Cloud Racecourse, Waya also won the Group 3 Prix de Royaumont at Chantilly and the Group 2 Prix de l'Opéra at Longchamp. She ended her French racing career in October 1977 with a record of three wins, two seconds, and a third from her eight starts.For the 1978 racing season, Waya and her trainer Angel Penna competed on the New York Racing Association circuit, where she won the Flower Bowl Handicap and the Diana Handicap against fillies. In winning the Diana Handicap, she equaled the world record of 1:45 2/5 for 1⅛  miles on grass. She then beat her male counterparts in the Aqueduct Turf Classic Invitational Stakes and the Man o' War Stakes. Against a mostly male field of top American and European horses in the Washington, D.C. International Stakes at Laurel Park Racecourse in Laurel, Maryland, Waya ran third behind winner Mac Diarmida, whom she beat in the Man o' War Stakes.
<Itzhak_Perlman>	Itzhak Perlman (Hebrew: יצחק פרלמן; born August 31, 1945) is an Israeli-American violinist widely considered one of the greatest violinists in the world. Perlman has performed worldwide and throughout the United States, in venues that have included a State Dinner at the White House honoring Queen Elizabeth II, and at President Barack Obama's inauguration. He has conducted the Detroit Symphony Orchestra, the Philadelphia Orchestra, and the Westchester Philharmonic. In 2015, he was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom. Perlman has won 16 Grammy Awards, including a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award, and four Emmy Awards.Perlman was born in 1945 in Tel Aviv. His parents, Chaim and Shoshana Perlman, were Jewish natives of Poland and had independently emigrated to the British Mandate of Palestine (now Israel) in the mid-1930s before they met and later married. Perlman contracted polio at age four and has walked using leg braces and crutches since then and plays the violin while seated. As of 2018[update], he uses crutches or an electric Amigo scooter for mobility.
<Transdev_Germany>	Transdev Germany is the largest private operator of passenger buses and trains in Germany. It is a subsidiary of Transdev.In 1997, Aktiengesellschaft für Industrie und Verkehrswesen was purchased by a CGEA Group (60%) EnBW (40%) consortium. In 2000, CGEA bought EnBW's shares and rebranded the operation Connex Verkehr. in April 2006 it was rebranded as Veolia Verkehr, and following the merger of Transdev and Veolia Transport as Transdev in March 2015.Transdev, as was the case with Veolia and Connex, operates dozens of subsidiaries, each with their own name. Most of them operate small, regional train and bus services.
<Zhang_Ziyi>	Zhang Ziyi ([ʈʂáŋ tsɨ̀.ǐ]; Chinese: 章子怡; born 9 February 1979) is a Chinese actress and model. She is regarded as one of the Four Dan Actresses of China. Her first major role was in The Road Home (1999). She later gained international recognition for her role in Ang Lee's Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon (2000), which was nominated for 10 Academy Awards. Zhang has also appeared in Rush Hour 2 (2001), Hero (2002), and House of Flying Daggers (2004). Her most critically acclaimed works are Memoirs of a Geisha (2005), which earned her nominations for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Drama, the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role, and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Role; and The Grandmaster (2013), for which she won 12 different Best Actress awards to become the most awarded Chinese actress for a single film.From 2004 to 2010, Zhang ranked in the Top 5 of Forbes China Celebrity 100 list every year. In 2008, she was awarded with the Outstanding Contribution to Chinese Cinema award at the 11th Shanghai International Film Festival. In 2013, she received the French Cultural Order at the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres.
<Zillur_Rahman>	Mohammed Zillur Rahman (9 March 1929 – 20 March 2013) was the President of Bangladesh from 2009 to 2013. He was also a senior presidium member of the Awami League. He is the third president of Bangladesh, after Sheikh Mujibur Rahman and Ziaur Rahman, to die in office, while being the first to die of natural causes.Rahman was born on 9 March 1929 in Bhairab Upazila, Kishoreganj District, his mother's paternal home. His father, Meher Ali Miyan, was a lawyer, the Chairman of the Mymensingh Local Board and Member of the District Board.
<EA_Phenomic>	EA Phenomic was a real-time strategy video game developer, headquartered in Ingelheim, Germany, and founded as Phenomic Game Development in 1997 by Volker Wertich, who had previous worked in Blue Byte and developed The Settlers and The Settlers III.  The studio was acquired by Electronic Arts on August 23, 2006 and renamed as EA Phenomic.Electronic Arts announced that EA Phenomic would concentrate on developing real-time strategy video games.In July 2013, EA closed the studio and laid off the 60 employees.
<Sasha_Alexander>	Sasha Alexander (born Suzana Drobnjakovic Serbian Cyrillic: Сузана Дробњаковић on May 17, 1973), is an American actress and TV director. She played Gretchen Witter in Dawson's Creek and has acted in films including Yes Man (2008) and He's Just Not That Into You (2009). Alexander played Caitlin Todd for the first two seasons of NCIS (2003–2005). From July 2010 through September 2016, Alexander starred as Maura Isles in the TNT series Rizzoli & Isles and was a regular in Season 5 and 6 of Shameless in 2015-2016.Alexander, who is of Serbian descent, was born Suzana Drobnjakovic in Los Angeles, California. She began acting in school productions in the seventh grade. She was also an ice skater, but stopped due to a knee injury. She continued acting through high school and college, then moved to New York City to act in summer stock and Shakespeare festivals. She graduated from the University of Southern California's School of Cinema-Television, where she was a member of the sorority Kappa Alpha Theta.
<Dasha_Zhukova>	Darya "Dasha" Alexandrovna Zhukova (Russian: Дарья "Даша" Александровна Жукова; born 8 June 1981) is a Russian-American art collector, businesswoman, magazine editor, and socialite. She is the founder of the Garage Museum of Contemporary Art and Garage Magazine.Darya Alexandrovna Zhukova was born in Moscow on 8 June 1981. Her father is Alexander Zhukov, an oil trader. Her mother is Yelena Zhukova, a Russian-Jewish scientist of molecular biology. Her parents separated when she was 3. In 1991, she moved with her mother to the United States, settling in the Houston area as her mother had relocated due to work. They later moved to Los Angeles, California. By the time Yelena retired, she was a professor of molecular biology at UCLA, as well as an authority on diabetes.
<Bruce_Price>	Bruce Price (December 12, 1845 – May 29, 1903) was an American  architect and an innovator in the Shingle Style. The stark geometry and compact massing of his cottages in Tuxedo Park, New York, influenced Modernist architects, including Frank Lloyd Wright and Robert Venturi.He also designed Richardsonian Romanesque institutional buildings, Beaux-Arts mansions, and Manhattan skyscrapers. In Canada, he designed Châteauesque railroad stations and grand hotels for the Canadian Pacific Railway, including Windsor Station in Montreal and Château Frontenac in Quebec City.
<Hasbro_Interactive>	Hasbro Interactive was an American video game production and publishing subsidiary of Hasbro, the large game and toy company. Several of its studios were closed in early 2001 and most of its properties were sold to Infogrames (now Atari SA) which completed its studio's closures at the end of 2001.Hasbro Interactive was formed late in 1995 in order to compete in the video game arena. Several Hasbro properties, such as Monopoly and Scrabble, had already been made into successful video games by licensees such as Virgin Interactive. With Hasbro's game experience, video games seemed like a natural extension of the company and a good opportunity for revenue growth. Hasbro Interactive's objective was to develop and publish games based on Hasbro properties.
<Philadelphia_Union>	The Philadelphia Union are an American professional soccer club based in Chester, Pennsylvania. The Union compete in Major League Soccer (MLS) as a member of the Eastern Conference. Founded on February 28, 2008, the club began playing in 2010 as an expansion team. The club's home stadium is Subaru Park, a soccer-specific stadium located in Chester, Pennsylvania on the banks of the Delaware River.The Union are currently owned by Keystone Sports & Entertainment, with Jay Sugarman serving as majority owner and chairman of the club. Professional basketball player Kevin Durant also serves as a minority owner. The club's current head coach is Jim Curtin. Curtin has been coaching the Union since 2014. The Union finished as runners-up in the 2014, 2015 and 2018 U.S. Open Cup tournaments. The club lost to Seattle Sounders FC 3–1 in extra time in 2014, and to Sporting Kansas City 6–7 on penalties after a 1–1 draw in the 2015 edition. They lost 3–0 to the Houston Dynamo in the final of the 2018 edition. In 2020, Philadelphia secured the Supporters' Shield, winning the first title in the club's history, and in 2022, they played in their first MLS Cup Final.
<Benjamin_Robbins_Curtis>	Benjamin Robbins Curtis (November 4, 1809 – September 15, 1874) was an American lawyer and judge. He served as an associate justice of the United States Supreme Court from 1851 to 1857. Curtis was the first and only Whig justice of the Supreme Court, and was also the first Supreme Court justice to have a formal law degree. He is often remembered as one of the two dissenters in Dred Scott v. Sandford (1857).Curtis resigned from the Supreme Court in 1857 to return to private legal practice in Boston, Massachusetts. In 1868, Curtis was President Andrew Johnson's defense lawyer during Johnson's impeachment trial.
<Alice_Lake>	Alice Lake (September 12, 1895 – November 15, 1967) was an American film actress. She began her career during the silent film era and often appeared in comedy shorts opposite Roscoe Arbuckle.Born in Brooklyn, New York, Lake began her career as a dancer. She made her screen debut in 1912, and she appeared in a number of comedy shorts by Mack Sennett. Lake was often the leading lady of Roscoe Arbuckle in comedies like Oh Doctor! (1917) and The Cook (1918). Arbuckle directed both films and was joined by Buster Keaton who had a leading role in Oh Doctor!.Lake also played dramatic roles with Bert Lytell in Blackie's Redemption and The Lion's Den, both from 1919. During the 1920s she appeared in a number of Metro silent film features as the lead actress. At the height of her career she earned $1,200 per week as a motion picture actress. Lake had only limited success in dramatic roles. Following the introduction of talkies, her parts in films began to wane and she only performed in supporting roles. Her last appearance in film was in 1935 with a bit part in Frisco Kid. In all her screen credits numbered ninety-six.
<Reading_F.C.>	Reading Football Club (/ˈrɛdɪŋ/ (listen) RED-ing) is a professional football club based in Reading, Berkshire, England. The team play in the Championship, the second tier of the English football league system. The club is managed by Paul Ince.Reading are nicknamed The Royals, due to Reading's location in the Royal County of Berkshire, though they were previously known as The Biscuitmen, due to the town's association with Huntley and Palmers. Established in 1871, the club is one of the oldest teams in England, but did not join The Football League until 1920, and first played in the top tier of English football league system in the 2006–07 season. The club competed in the 2012–13 Premier League season, having gained promotion at the end of the 2011–12 season after winning the Championship, but were relegated after just one season back in the top flight.
<Gavriel_Salvendy>	Gavriel Salvendy (born September 30, 1938) is a pioneer in the field of human factors and ergonomics. In 1990, he was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering (NAE) for fundamental contributions to and professional leadership in human, physical and cognitive aspects of engineering systems. He is the recipient of the John Fritz Medal which is the engineering profession's highest award. He is Professor Emeritus of Industrial Engineering at Purdue University, Chair Professor and former Head of Industrial Engineering at Tsinghua University---- first foreign scientist to head a university department in China since 1949, and Distinguished University Professor at the University of Central Florida. He is the editor of the four editions of the Handbook of Human Factors and Ergonomics and the three editions of the Handbook of Industrial Engineering.
<Los_Sangurimas>	Los Sangurimas is a novel written by Ecuadorian writer José de la Cuadra in 1934.The story is set in the property "La Hondura", in the Ecuadorian coast.  It is about the Sangurimas, a family full of conflicts and legends and taking justice into their own hands.
<Faith_Hubley>	Faith Hubley (née Chestman; September 16, 1924 – December 7, 2001) was an American animator, known for her experimental work both in collaboration with her husband John Hubley, and on her own following her husband's death.Born to Sally and Irving Chestman, Russian-Jewish immigrants, she grew up with three siblings on Manhattan's West Side during the 1920s and 1930s. She spoke little about her childhood and left home at age 15 to work in the theater, adopting the name Faith Elliott. At age 18, she moved to Hollywood, starting as a messenger at Columbia Pictures. She subsequently worked as a sound-effects and music editor, and then script clerk for Republic Pictures. She later worked as a script supervisor (12 Angry Men) and editor (Go, Man, Go; with the Harlem Globetrotters).[citation needed]The Hubleys jointly founded Storyboard Studios as an independent animation studio, vowing to make one independent film a year. They collaborated on more than 20 short films, up until John's death during open-heart surgery in 1977. At that time they were working on the Doonesbury television cartoon, A Doonesbury Special. Faith Hubley, with Garry Trudeau and Bill Littlejohn, completed the special despite the doubts of NBC executives. The Hubleys won Oscars for their shorts: Moonbird (1959), The Hole (1962) and A Herb Alpert and the Tijuana Brass Double Feature (1966); they also received Oscar nominations for Windy Day, Of Men and Demons, Voyage to Next and A Doonesbury Special. Her many solo projects established her as a significant film creator in her own right. She began her first solo project, W.O.W. (Women of the World), after being diagnosed with breast cancer in 1975.
<Pitney_Bowes>	Pitney Bowes Inc. is an American technology company most known for its postage meters and other mailing equipment and services, and with expansions into e-commerce, software, and other technologies. The company was founded by Arthur Pitney, who invented the first commercially available postage meter, and Walter Bowes as the Pitney Bowes Postage Meter Company on April 23, 1920.The company provides mailing and shipping services, global e-commerce logistics, and financial services to approximately 750,000 customers globally, as of 2021[update]. Pitney Bowes is a certified "work-share partner" of the United States Postal Service, and helps the agency sort and process 15 billion pieces of mail annually. Pitney Bowes has also commissioned surveys related to international e-commerce.Pitney Bowes is based in Stamford, Connecticut and as of October 2021[update] employed approximately 11,000 people worldwide.
<Rene_Russo>	Rene Marie Russo (born February 17, 1954) is an American actress and model. She began her career as a fashion model in the 1970s, appearing on magazine covers such as Vogue and Cosmopolitan. She made her film debut in the 1989 comedy Major League, and rose to international prominence in a number of thrillers and action films throughout the 1990s, including  Lethal Weapon 3 (1992), In the Line of Fire (1993), Outbreak (1995), Get Shorty (1995), Ransom (1996), Lethal Weapon 4 (1998), and The Thomas Crown Affair (1999).After headlining the family comedy Yours, Mine & Ours (2005), Russo took a five-year break from acting. She returned to the screen as Frigga, the mother of the titular hero, in the superhero film Thor (2011), a role she reprised in Thor: The Dark World (2013) and Avengers: Endgame (2019). In 2014, Russo starred in the acclaimed crime thriller Nightcrawler, for which she won the Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress and was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role. She has also appeared in The Intern (2015), Just Getting Started (2017), and Velvet Buzzsaw (2019).
<Turun_Palloseura>	Turun Palloseura, commonly known as TPS, is a professional football club based in Turku, Finland. During the 2022 season, the men's first team of the club competes in Ykkönen, the second highest tier of men's football, and the women's representative team in the Kansallinen Liiga, the highest level of women's football in Finland. Nicknamed "Tepsi", the club was founded in 1922.TPS have won 8 League titles and 3 Finnish Cups. They play their home league matches at Veritas Stadion, with a capacity of 9,372 seats for most matches.In the early stages of the UEFA Cup of the season 1987–88, TPS beat Internazionale at the San Siro stadium in Milan, thanks to a goal by Mika Aaltonen, who was later signed by Inter. They lost the return leg with 0–2, but this is widely regarded as the highest point by the club in international football.
<Ashley_Hamilton>	Ashley George Hamilton (born September 30, 1974) is an American actor, comedian and singer-songwriter. He made his acting debut in the 1993 film Beethoven's 2nd. He has since starred in films such as Lost in Africa (1994), Off Key (2001), Lost Angeles (2012), Iron Man 3 (2013), and Cats Dancing on Jupiter (2015). He portrayed the role of Cole Deschanel in the first season of the NBC television series Sunset Beach (1997).Hamilton was born in Los Angeles, the son of actors George Hamilton and Alana Stewart. He is the former stepson of musician Rod Stewart. At 19, Hamilton garnered media attention when he and Shannen Doherty married after knowing one another for only two weeks. The marriage lasted just five months before the couple divorced. He was then married to actress Angie Everhart from December 1996 until their divorce in March 1997.Before Shannen Doherty, he was in a relationship with Claire Stansfield, 10 years his senior.He has one daughter, Willow, born in November 2016 with Renee Karalian.
<Bill_Bixby>	Wilfred Bailey Everett Bixby III (January 22, 1934 – November 21, 1993) professionally known as Bill Bixby, was an American actor, director, producer, and frequent game-show panellist.Bixby's career spanned more than three decades, including appearances on stage, in films, and on television series. He is known for his roles in the CBS sitcom My Favorite Martian as Tim O'Hara, in the ABC sitcom The Courtship of Eddie's Father as Tom Corbett, in the NBC crime drama series The Magician as stage Illusionist Anthony Blake, and the CBS science-fiction drama series The Incredible Hulk as Dr. David Banner.
<Stephen_Elledge>	Stephen Joseph Elledge (born August 7, 1956, in Paris Illinois) is an American geneticist. He is currently the Gregor Mendel Professor of Genetics and Medicine in the Department of Genetics at Harvard Medical School and in the Division of Genetics at the Brigham and Women's Hospital, and is an Investigator with the Howard Hughes Medical Institute. He earned his B.Sc. in chemistry from the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign and his Ph.D. in biology from MIT. His research is focused on the genetic and molecular mechanisms of eukaryotic response to DNA damage. He is a member of the National Academy of Sciences and has been a Howard Hughes Medical Institute (HHMI) investigator since 1993.This article about a biologist from the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Dong_Zijian>	Dong Zijian (Chinese: 董子健, born 19 December 1993) is a Chinese actor. He is best known for his roles in Young Style (2013), Mountains May Depart (2015), De Lan (2015) and At Cafe 6 (2016).Dong is born in Beijing, China. His father, Dong Zhi Hua is also an actor; and his mother, Wang Jing Hua is an artist manager in China. He studied at the Beijing Haidian Foreign Language Shi Yan School, Yew Chung International School of Beijing and Beijing NO.80 Middle School in his earlier years. In 2014, he was admitted to the Central Academy of Drama.Dong made his debut in the youth drama film Young Style by Liu Jie, for which he won the Best Actor award at the China Movie Channel Media Awards.
<Isaiah_Rogers>	Isaiah Rogers (August 17, 1800 – April 13, 1869) was an American architect from Massachusetts who eventually moved his practice south, where he was based in Louisville, Kentucky, and Cincinnati, Ohio. He completed numerous designs for hotels, courthouses and other major buildings in Boston, Massachusetts, and New York City, before that relocation.He was appointed in 1863 as the Supervising Architect of the United States, serving into 1865; the position was then attached to the Department of the Treasury. He also practiced in Mobile, Alabama after the American Civil War.
<Lehigh_Line_(Norfolk_Southern)>	The Lehigh Line is a railroad line in central New Jersey, Northeastern Pennsylvania, and the Lehigh Valley region of eastern Pennsylvania. It is owned and operated by the Norfolk Southern Railway. The line runs west from the vicinity of the Port of New York and New Jersey via Conrail's Lehigh Line to the Susquehanna River valley at the south end of the Wyoming Valley Coal Region. Administratively, it is part of Norfolk Southern's Keystone Division and is part of the Crescent Corridor. As of 2021[update] the line is freight-only, although there are perennial proposals to restore passenger service over all or part of the line.The Lehigh Line hosts approximately twenty-five trains per day. The line runs from Port Reading Junction in Manville, New Jersey to Penn Haven Junction in Lehigh Township, Pennsylvania. At Port Reading Junction, it meets the Trenton Subdivision. It crosses the Delaware River at Phillipsburg, New Jersey. Most of the traffic along the line consists of intermodal and general merchandise trains going to yards.The majority of the line was once the main line of the Lehigh Valley Railroad. The first segment, which runs between Easton and Allentown, opened in September 1855. Later extensions and corporate acquisitions carried the Lehigh Valley main line to Buffalo, New York to the west and Perth Amboy, New Jersey to the east. Some portions of the line were constructed by the Lehigh and Susquehanna Railroad (L&S). Conceived as a competitor to the Lehigh Valley, the L&S constructed a parallel line on the north side of the Lehigh River. The line opened in 1868 and was soon leased by the Central Railroad of New Jersey (CNJ).
<The_Mrs_Merton_Show>	The Mrs Merton Show was a mock talk show starring Caroline Aherne as the elderly host Mrs Dorothy Merton.Originally portrayed as 'Mrs. Murton' in a pilot for Yorkshire TV which was not picked up, Caroline Aherne retooled the character, making her older, and recorded a second pilot in 1993 for Granada Television, who commissioned the series. Running from 10 February 1995 to 2 April 1998, it was produced by Granada and aired on the BBC. The writers included Aherne, Craig Cash, Henry Normal and, for the first few series, Dave Gorman.
<Martin_J._Taylor>	Sir Martin John Taylor, FRS (born 18 February 1952) is a British mathematician and academic. He was Professor of Pure Mathematics at the School of Mathematics, University of Manchester and, prior to its formation and merger, UMIST where he was appointed to a chair after moving from Trinity College, Cambridge in 1986. He was elected Warden of Merton College, Oxford on 5 November 2009, took office on 2 October 2010 and retired in September 2018.Taylor was born in Leicester in 1952 and educated at Wyggeston Grammar School. He gained a first class degree from Pembroke College, Oxford in 1973, and a Ph.D. from King's College London with a thesis entitled Galois module structure of  the ring of integers of l-extensions in 1976 under the supervision of  Albrecht Fröhlich.
<Jules_Dassin>	Julius "Jules" Dassin (December 18, 1911 – March 31, 2008) was an American film and theatre director, producer, writer and actor. A subject of the Hollywood blacklist in the McCarthy era, he subsequently moved to France, and later Greece, where he continued his career. He was a member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences and the Screen Directors' Guild.Dassin received a Best Director Award at the Cannes Film Festival for his film Du rififi chez les hommes. He was later nominated for an Academy Award for Best Director and Best Writing, Story and Screenplay – Written Directly for the Screen for his film Never on Sunday, and was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Direction of a Musical for his Broadway production of Illya Darling.
<Vincent_E._Lally>	Harvard University - M.I.T., Certificate, (Radar Engineering) 1944M.I.T., B.S. 1948 (Electronic Engineering)1949-1951 Development Engineer, Bendix-Friez
<International_Prize_for_Biology>	The International Prize for Biology (国際生物学賞, Kokusai Seibutsugaku-shō) is an annual award for "outstanding contribution to the advancement of research in fundamental biology." The Prize, although it is not always awarded to a biologist, is one of the most prestigious honours a natural scientist can receive. There are no restrictions on the nationality of the recipient.Past laureates include John B. Gurdon, Motoo Kimura, Edward O. Wilson, Ernst Mayr, Thomas Cavalier-Smith, Yoshinori Ohsumi and many other great biologists in the world.The International Prize of Biology was created in 1985 to commemorate the 60-year reign of Emperor Shōwa of Japan and his longtime interest in and support of "Biology." The selection and award of the prize is managed by the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science. The laureate is awarded a beautiful medal, 10 million yen, and an international symposium on the scientist's area of research is held in Tokyo.  The prize ceremony is held in the presence of Emperor of Japan.
<Joseph_Conrad>	Joseph Conrad (born Józef Teodor Konrad Korzeniowski, Polish: [ˈjuzɛf tɛˈɔdɔr ˈkɔnrat kɔʐɛˈɲɔfskʲi] (listen); 3 December 1857 – 3 August 1924) was a Polish-British novelist and short story writer. He is regarded as one of the greatest writers in the English language; though he did not speak English fluently until his twenties, he came to be regarded a master prose stylist who brought a non-English sensibility into English literature. He wrote novels and stories, many in nautical settings, that depict crises of human individuality in the midst of what he saw as an indifferent, inscrutable and amoral world.Conrad is considered a literary impressionist by some and an early modernist by others, though his works also contain elements of 19th-century realism. His narrative style and anti-heroic characters, as in Lord Jim, for example, have influenced numerous authors. Many dramatic films have been adapted from and inspired by his works. Numerous writers and critics have commented that his fictional works, written largely in the first two decades of the 20th century, seem to have anticipated later world events.
<Isaac_Cuenca>	Joan Isaac Cuenca López (born 27 April 1991) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a winger.Formed at Barcelona, where he made 30 total appearances, he also represented Deportivo and Granada in La Liga, additionally playing top-flight football in the Netherlands, Turkey, Israel and Japan.
<Aérospatiale>	Aérospatiale (French pronunciation: ​[aeʁɔspasjal]), sometimes styled Aerospatiale, was a French state-owned aerospace manufacturer that built both civilian and military aircraft, rockets and satellites. It was originally known as Société nationale industrielle aérospatiale (SNIAS). Its head office was in the 16th arrondissement of Paris. The name was changed to Aérospatiale during 1970.During the 1990s, Aérospatiale underwent several significant restructures and mergers. Its helicopter division was, along with Germany's DaimlerBenz Aerospace AG (DASA), combined to form the Eurocopter Group. In 1999, the majority of Aérospatiale, except for its satellite activities, merged with French conglomerate Matra's defense wing, Matra Haute Technologie, to form Aérospatiale-Matra. That same year, the satellite manufacturing division merged with Alcatel to become Alcatel Space, now Thales Alenia Space. In 2001, Aérospatiale-Matra merged with Spanish aviation company Construcciones Aeronáuticas SA (CASA) and German defense firm DaimlerChrysler Aerospace AG (DASA) to form the multinational European Aeronautic Defence and Space Company (EADS). Currently, the majority of the former assets of the company are part of the multinational Airbus consortium.During 1970, Aérospatiale was created under the name SNIAS as a result of the merger of several French state-owned companies - Sud Aviation, Nord Aviation and Société d'étude et de réalisation d'engins balistiques (SEREB). The newly formed entity was the largest aerospace company in France. From the onset, the French government owned a controlling stake in Aérospatiale; at one stage, a 97 per cent ownership of the company was held by the government.
<Margot_Honecker>	Margot Honecker (née Feist; 17 April 1927 – 6 May 2016) was an East German politician who was an influential member of that country's Communist government until 1989. From 1963 until 1989, she was Minister of National Education (Ministerin für Volksbildung) of the GDR. She was married to Erich Honecker, the leader of East Germany's ruling Socialist Unity Party from 1971 to 1989 and concurrently from 1976 to 1989 the country's head of state.Margot Honecker was widely known as the "Purple Witch" for her tinted hair and hardline Stalinist views, and was described as "the most hated person" in East Germany next to Stasi chief Erich Mielke by former Bundestag president Wolfgang Thierse. She was responsible for the enactment of the "Uniform Socialist Education System" in 1965 and mandatory military training in schools to prepare pupils for a future war with the west. She was alleged to have been responsible for the regime's forced adoption of children of jailed dissidents or people who attempted to desert from the GDR, and she is considered to have "left a cruel legacy of separated families." She also established prison-like institutions for children, including a camp at Torgau known as "Margot's concentration camp." She was one of the few spouses of a ruling Communist Party leader who held significant power in her own right, as her prominence in the regime predated her husband's ascension to the leadership of the SED.
<Manoir_de_Ban>	The Manoir de Ban, or Champ de Ban Estate Manor, is a manor house located at Corsier-sur-Vevey on the banks of Lake Geneva in Switzerland. The property is known for having been Charlie Chaplin's home for 25 years, from 1952 until his death in 1977. It houses a museum dedicated to the life and work of its former owner, named Chaplin's World, which opened in April 2016 after 15 years in development.The manor is listed as a heritage site of Swiss Inventory of Cultural Property of National Significance.
<Viking_Fund_Medal>	The Viking Fund Medal is an annual award given out by the Wenner-Gren Foundation for Anthropological Research for distinguishing research or publication in the field of Anthropology. From 1946 to 1961, nominees were selected by their respective societies: The American Anthropological Association, the Society for American Archaeology, and the American Association of Physical Anthropologists, respectively for the fields of General Anthropology, Archaeology, and Physical Anthropology. In 1961, the selection procedure was modified for international nominees selection to increase the number of qualified applicants; the Viking Fund Medal has no longer been awarded annually, due to the embezzlement SEK 40,000,000 from the foundation by the trustee, Birger Strid, who was convicted of financial irregularities in 1975, with many years between awards.
<William_D._Sellers>	William D. Sellers (18 August 1928 – 27 August 2014) was an American meteorologist, climate scientist, and pioneer of climate modelling. He created one the earliest climate models and was one of the first scientists to recognize the effects of CO2 in the atmosphere on the earth's climate. He published the textbook "Physical Climatology".Sellers was born in Culver City, California on August 18, 1928. After receiving his bachelor's degree from UCLA he earned both his master's and doctorate degree in Meteorology from Massachusetts Institute of Technology. His thesis adviser was Edward Lorenz. In 1965 he published the book "Physical Climatology". Celebrating the books's 25th anniversary, J. Graham Cogley wrote of Sellers and Russian climatologist Mikhail Budyko's work: "These works have been tremendously influential upon the thinking of most climatologists, and have been invaluable in explaining the atmospheric engine to several generations of students. Most of the changes which we expect in our world in the near future will involve some aspect of physical climatology."
<2012_(1982_album)>	2012 is the second album by American hip hop duo 1982, composed of Statik Selektah and Termanology. Guest appearances include Mac Miller, Bun B, Shawn Stockman (of Boyz II Men), Roc Marciano, Havoc (of Mobb Deep), Freddie Gibbs, Crooked I and Lil' Fame (of M.O.P).
<Deportivo_de_La_Coruña_B>	Real Club Deportivo Fabril, previously known as Deportivo B, is the reserve team of Real Club Deportivo de La Coruña, it is based in A Coruña, in the autonomous community of Galicia. It currently plays in Tercera División RFEF – Group 1, holding home games at Cidade Deportiva de Abegondo, with a capacity of 3,000 spectators.The origins of Deportivo B can be found in 1914, when is Fabril Sociedad Deportiva is born. In 1963, after a merger with Club Deportivo Juvenil, it officially became the reserve team of Deportivo de La Coruña, being thus renamed Fabril Deportivo.In 1994 the team was again renamed, this time as Deportivo de La Coruña B. It managed to play four consecutive years in the third division in the mid-90s and another two in the following decade, but competed mostly in the lower leagues.
<Chrystian_Piotr_Aigner>	Chrystian Piotr Aigner (1756 in Puławy, Poland – 9 February 1841 in Florence, Italy)was a Polish architect and theoretician of architecture.Chrystian Piotr Aigner acquired extensive knowledge of architecture in the course of several journeys to Italy that he made in the company of his patron and subsequent collaborator and friend Stanisław Kostka Potocki.  He studied in Italy. Later, during a long association with the city of Warsaw, he created many Classicist buildings in the Polish capital. A member of Rome's Academy of St. Luke, and of the Warsaw Society of Friends of Learning, and from 1817 a professor of architecture at Warsaw University, he was active in Warsaw until 1825 and in Kraków before leaving for Italy for good in 1827.Aigner at first applied the decorative forms of early Neoclassicism (Marynka's Palace in Puławy) or made reference to the works of Andrea Palladio (the façade of St. Anne's Church in Warsaw). In a later period, he reworked patterns drawn directly from the architecture of Antiquity (the Puławy parish church; St. Alexander's Church in Warsaw), and even erected Neogothic structures (the Gothic House in Puławy).  He also published a pattern book, Budowy kościołów... (Church Building...), which exerted a great influence on Polish sacral architecture in the first half of the 19th century.
<A_Doll's_House>	A Doll's House (Danish and Bokmål: Et dukkehjem; also translated as A Doll House) is a three-act play written by Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen. It premiered at the Royal Theatre in Copenhagen, Denmark, on 21 December 1879, having been published earlier that month. The play is set in a Norwegian town circa 1879.The play concerns the fate of a married woman, who at the time in Norway lacked reasonable opportunities for self-fulfillment in a male-dominated world, despite the fact that Ibsen denied it was his intent to write a feminist play. It was a great sensation at the time, and caused a "storm of outraged controversy" that went beyond the theatre to the world of newspapers and society.
<Odessa>	Odesa (also spelled Odessa) is the third most populous city and municipality in Ukraine and a major seaport and transport hub located in the south-west of the country, on the northwestern shore of the Black Sea. The city is also the administrative centre of the Odesa Raion and Odesa Oblast, as well as a multiethnic cultural centre. As of January 2021 Odesa's population was approximately 1,015,826.In classical antiquity a large Greek settlement existed at its location. The first chronicle mention of the Slavic settlement-port of Kotsiubijiv, which was part of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, dates back to 1415, when a ship was sent from here to Constantinople by sea. After a period of Lithuanian Grand Duchy control, Hacibey and its surroundings became part of the domain of the Ottomans in 1529 and remained there until the empire's defeat in the Russo-Turkish War of 1792.
<Mick_Kennedy>	Michael Francis Martin Kennedy (9 April 1961 – 9 February 2019) was a professional footballer who played in the English Football League for Halifax Town, Huddersfield Town, Middlesbrough, Portsmouth, Bradford City, Leicester City, Luton Town, Chesterfield and Wigan Athletic. Born in England, he gained two caps for Ireland during his career. Throughout his career he was renowned for his tough style of play which often left him with a poor disciplinary record.Kennedy was born in Salford and began his career with Halifax Town making his debut in 1978–79 as the Shaymen had a poor campaign finishing in 23rd position. The 1979–80 season saw Halifax make a marginal improvement finishing in 18th place. Kennedy impressed enough with Halifax to earn a £50,000 move to Third Division Huddersfield Town. His first season at Leeds Road was a frustrating one as Huddersfield missed out on promotion by three points. In the summer of 1982 he moved to Second Division Middlesbrough for a fee of £100,000. He spent two seasons at Ayresome Park making 79 appearances before moving on again this time to south coast side Portsmouth. Pompey finished 4th in both 1984–85 and 1985–86 missing out on promotion by goal difference and then three points before finally going up in 1986–87. However, with Portsmouth having financial problems he joined Bradford City in January 1988.
<BTV_Cinema>	bTV Cinema is a Bulgarian television channel, showing movies and serials. It is part of bTV Media Group, owned by CME (Central European Media Enterprises). The channel starts on 7 December 2009.bTV Cinema is aimed at viewers of all ages with an emphasis on active audiences aged 18–49 years. The program of bTV Cinema includes hit films and TV series als of all genres. Viewers can also see samples of European cinema. It also shows already aired Bulgarian serials such as Glass Home, Seven Hours Difference and Revolution Z.Since 2012 bTV Cinema shows live prizes like the Oscars, Golden Globe Awards and more. Since 7 October 2012 the format of the picture is set to 16:9.bTV Cinema logo used 2009-2016
<Gruber_Prize_in_Genetics>	The Gruber Prize in Genetics, established in 2001, is one of three international awards worth US$500,000 made by the Gruber Foundation, a non-profit organization based at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut.The Genetics Prize honors leading scientists for distinguished contributions in any realm of genetics research. The Foundation’s other international prizes are in Cosmology, Neuroscience, Justice, and Women’s Rights.This genetics article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Sybil_Brand>	Sybil Brand (née Morris; May 8, c. 1899 – February 17, 2004) was an American philanthropist and activist, best known locally for her work in improving jail conditions for women in Los Angeles. She was the namesake of the Sybil Brand Institute (SBI), a women's jail in Los Angeles County. SBI was closed after the 1994 Northridge earthquake.Sybil Morris was born in Chicago, Illinois to Jewish immigrant parents Abraham "A.W." Morris (c. 1877–1951) and Hattie Morris (c. 1883–1969) sometime between 1899 and 1903, with some of her friends favoring the earliest year.[full citation needed]Her father, a stockbroker, relocated the family to Los Angeles when Sybil was two years old. At age twelve, she began what would become a lifelong pursuit of charity and volunteering when she organized a diaper hemming program with the other girls in her class. Brand would later recall being inspired by meeting a young triple amputee in a hospital at the insistence of her mother.
<New_Zealand_Labour_Party_(1910)>	The original New Zealand Labour Party was a short-lived left-wing political party in New Zealand. It is a predecessor of the modern Labour Party.The original Labour Party was founded in 1910. It was based on the remnants of the Independent Political Labour League, the first real working-class party in New Zealand, formed in 1904–05. While the IPLL had managed to elect one MP (David McLaren) to Parliament, it quickly began to collapse into disarray—internal disputes about the party's political alignment were a significant factor, as was poor organisation and coordination. The Labour Party was an attempt to relaunch the IPLL.
<Gökhan_Inler>	Gökhan İnler (born 27 June 1984) is a Swiss professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Süper Lig club Adana Demirspor.İnler began his professional career with FC Basel and later joined FC Aarau and FC Zürich, winning the Swiss Super League in both of his seasons with the latter. After four seasons with Udinese in the Italian Serie A, he joined Napoli in 2011, where he twice won the Coppa Italia.
<Seth_(cartoonist)>	Gregory Gallant (born September 16, 1962), better known by his pen name Seth, is a Canadian cartoonist. He is best known for his series Palookaville and his mock-autobiographical graphic novel It's a Good Life, If You Don't Weaken (1996).Seth draws in a style influenced by the classic cartoonists of The New Yorker. His work is highly nostalgic, especially for the early-to-mid-20th Century period, and of Southern Ontario. His work also shows a great depth and breadth of knowledge of the history of comics and cartooning.Seth was born Gregory Gallant on September 16, 1962, in Clinton, Ontario, Canada. His parents were JohnHenry Gallant and the English-born Violet Daisy Gallant (née  Wilkinson); he was the youngest of their five children. His family moved frequently but considers Strathroy, Ontario his home town. He was inward, unathletic, and had few friends, and took to comic books and drawing at a young age.
<Naratheinkha>	Naratheinkha (Burmese: နရသိင်္ခ, pronounced [nəɹa̰ θéiɰ̃kʰa̰]; 1141–1174) was king of Pagan dynasty of Burma (Myanmar) from 1171 to 1174. He appointed his brother Narapati Sithu heir apparent and commander-in-chief. It was the first recorded instance in the history of the dynasty that the king had given up the command of the army. The king was assassinated by Aungzwa, one of Sithu's servants, after the king had raised one of Sithu's wives to queen.According to G.H. Luce, there is no inscriptional evidence that Naratheinkha or any kings between 1165 and 1174 ever existed. Other historians such as Htin Aung do not agree with Luce's "conjecture".Naratheinkha was the eldest son of Narathu and Queen Myauk Pyinthe. Chronicles do not agree on his date of birth. The table below lists the dates given by the four main chronicles. Scholarship provisionally accepts the birth date as given in Zata's horoscopes section.
<OPA_co._ltd.>	OPA Co., Ltd. (株式会社OPA, Kabushiki-gaisha OPA) is a Japanese clothing retail chain and a wholly owned subsidiary of Daiei. It operates clothing and fashion malls across Japan and recently opened a store in Shanghai.Daiei's subsidiary Agora Daiei Co., Ltd.  opened the 'Oriental Park Avenue' store in September 1988 in front of the Sanyo Shinkansen Shin-Kobe Station. This store formed the root of OPA. Shin-Kobe Oriental Park Avenue was also converted to an OPA store after the current OPA group was created in 2002. Shin-Kobe Oriental Avenue and the current OPA are not related.Until September 1999 up to 13 OPA stores were opened all over Japan.
<Chen_Zihan>	Chen Zihan (born 2 April 1978 as Chen Shasha) is a Chinese actress. She graduated from the Beijing Film Academy.While the majority of sources state Chen's birth date as 2 April 1978, some claim that she was born on 2 April 1975.
<Julia_Gardiner_Tyler>	Julia Tyler (née Gardiner; May 4, 1820 – July 10, 1889) was the second wife of John Tyler, who was the tenth president of the United States.  As such, she served as the first lady of the United States from June 26, 1844, to March 4, 1845.Julia Gardiner Tyler was born on May 4, 1820. Sources differ about her date of birth, her grave states July 29 as her birthdate but several biographies give the May date; including that by her son and biographer Lyon Gardiner Tyler. She was born on New York's Gardiner's Island, one of the largest privately owned islands in the United States. She was the daughter of David Gardiner, a landowner and New York State Senator (1824 to 1828), and Juliana MacLachlan Gardiner. Her ancestry was Dutch, Scottish, and English.
<Spark_Unlimited>	Spark Unlimited, based in Sherman Oaks, California, was a video game developer founded by former developers from the Medal of Honor video game franchise. The studio's first game was Call of Duty: Finest Hour  in 2004. Its last game was Yaiba: Ninja Gaiden Z in 2014. Spark Unlimited has a game average Metacritic score of 53 out of 100.Spark Unlimited was wholly owned by employees.[citation needed] The company shut down in May 2015.
<Mario_Recordón>	Mario Recordón Burnier nicknamed The Tiger of Osorno (14 July 1922 – 5 June 1994) was a Chilean architect, athlete and educator. He led Chile to victory in the decathlon in the 1946 South American Athletics Championships and competed in the men's 110 metres hurdles at the 1948 Summer Olympics.He was the son of Swiss immigrants Julio Recordon Borel and Rosa Burnie Bruchez. He studied at the Osorno Lyceum and the National Boarding School at Barros Arana. Relocating to Santiago in 1939, he studied in the Faculty of Architecture and Urbanism at the University of Chile, receiving a degree in architecture in 1946.A self-taught athlete, he first competed in 1942, after reading in a newspaper about the possibility of competing in an interfaculty tournament at Los Leones stadium. His first major competition was a university tournament in which he came in first place in the shot put event.
<To_the_Islands>	To the Islands is a 1958 novel by Australian author Randolph Stow. It won the Miles Franklin Award for 1958 and the ALS Gold Medal in 1959.The novel is set in a remote Anglican mission in the Kimberley in the far north of Western Australia.
<Deerwood_Country_Club>	Deerwood was the first gated community in Florida, US. After it was established in the mid-1960s, it was the most exclusive residential area on Jacksonville's Southside. The golf course hosted the Greater Jacksonville Open in the late 1960s and early 1970s, forerunner of The Players Championship, and was once the site of talks between President Gerald Ford and Egyptian President Anwar Sadat in November 1975.Richard Green Skinner came to Jacksonville in 1899 in search of pine trees for harvesting sap to produce turpentine for his marine supply business. Land to the south and east of the St. Johns River was mostly pine trees, sand dunes or marsh; inhabited by wildlife. After 1900, the Skinner family owned close to 40,000 acres (160 km2). That land was distributed to his six sons upon his death in the 1920s. The oldest brother, Bright, and two other brothers moved to Tampa and received the land owned there.  The acreage nearest to the downtown went to Ben Skinner, who built the Skinner Dairy and Farm, which was closed and developed as Southpoint in the late 1970s.Chester and Richard were given the biggest tracts because the land was quite remote—miles from existing roads. Richard Skinner, in turn, gave his children, Richard, Jr., Bryant, and Dottie his land, including the property on which Deerwood would be built.
<Grand_Duchy_of_Baden>	The Grand Duchy of Baden (German: Großherzogtum Baden) was a state in the southwest German Empire on the east bank of the Rhine. It existed between 1806 and 1918.It came into existence in the 12th century as the Margraviate of Baden and subsequently split into the states of Baden-Durlach and Baden-Baden, which were reunified in 1771. It then became the much-enlarged Grand Duchy of Baden after the dissolution of the Holy Roman Empire from 1803 to 1806 and was a sovereign country until it joined the German Empire in 1871. In 1918, it became part of the Weimar Republic as the Republic of Baden. Baden was bordered to the north by the Kingdom of Bavaria and the Grand Duchy of Hessen-Darmstadt; to the west, along most of its length, by the river Rhine, which separated Baden from the Bavarian Rhenish Palatinate and Alsace in modern France; to the south by Switzerland; and to the east by the Kingdom of Württemberg, the Principality of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen and Bavaria.After World War II, the French military government in 1945 created the state of Baden (originally known as "South Baden") out of the southern half of the former Baden, with Freiburg as its capital. This portion of the former Baden was declared in its 1947 constitution to be the true successor of the old Baden. The northern half of the old Baden was combined with northern Württemberg, becoming part of the American military zone, and formed the state of Württemberg-Baden. Both Baden and Württemberg-Baden became states of West Germany upon its formation in 1949.
<Larry_Niven>	Laurence van Cott Niven (/ˈnɪvən/; born April 30, 1938) is an American science fiction writer. His best-known works are Ringworld (1970), which received Hugo, Locus, Ditmar, and Nebula awards, and, with Jerry Pournelle, The Mote in God's Eye (1974) and Lucifer's Hammer (1977). The Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America named him the 2015 recipient of the Damon Knight Memorial Grand Master Award.  His work is primarily hard science fiction, using big science concepts and theoretical physics. It also often includes elements of detective fiction and adventure stories. His fantasy includes the series The Magic Goes Away, rational fantasy dealing with magic as a non-renewable resource.Niven was born in Los Angeles.  He is a great-grandson of Edward L. Doheny, an oil tycoon who drilled the first successful well in the Los Angeles City Oil Field in 1892,  and also was subsequently implicated in the Teapot Dome scandal.  Niven briefly attended the California Institute of Technology and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in mathematics (with a minor in psychology) from Washburn University in Topeka, Kansas in 1962.  He also completed a year of graduate work in mathematics at the University of California, Los Angeles.  On September 6, 1969, he married Marilyn Wisowaty, a science fiction and Regency literature fan.
<Alfred_V._Kidder>	Alfred Vincent Kidder (October 29, 1885 – June 11, 1963) was an American archaeologist considered the foremost of the southwestern United States and Mesoamerica during the first half of the 20th century.[citation needed] He saw a disciplined system of archaeological techniques as a means to extend the principles of anthropology into the prehistoric past and so was the originator of the first comprehensive, systematic approach to North American archaeology.Born in Marquette, Michigan, Kidder was the son of a mining engineer.  He entered Harvard College with the intention of qualifying for medical school, but found himself uninspired by premedical courses. He applied for a summer job in archaeology with the University of Utah in 1907. Kidder spent two successive summers in the mesa and canyon country of southwestern Colorado, southeastern Utah and areas of New Mexico. Kidder and Jesse L. Nusbaum (later Superintendent of Mesa Verde National Park), came to the Mesa Verde area with ethnologist Jesse Walter Fewkes to conduct an archaeological survey and to photograph ruins.  He obtained his bachelor's degree at Harvard in 1908 and a doctorate in anthropology in 1914.Kidder then embarked on a series of expeditions to the Southwest, many in northeastern Arizona. These expeditions were sponsored by Harvard's Peabody Museum of Archaeology and Ethnology and the associated Robert S. Peabody Museum of Archaeology at Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts.
<Jay_Livingston>	Jay Livingston (born Jacob Harold Levison, March 28, 1915 – October 17, 2001) was an American composer best known as half of a song-writing duo with Ray Evans that specialized in songs composed for films. Livingston wrote music and Evans the lyrics.Livingston was born in McDonald, Pennsylvania to Jewish parents. He had an older sister, Vera, and a younger brother, Alan W. Livingston, who became an executive with Capitol Records, and later with NBC television.Livingston studied piano with Harry Archer in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He attended the University of Pennsylvania, where he organized a dance band and met Evans, a fellow student in the band. Their professional collaboration began in 1937. Livingston and Evans won the Academy Award for Best Original Song three times, in 1948 for the song "Buttons and Bows", written for the movie The Paleface; in 1950 for the song "Mona Lisa", written for the movie Captain Carey, U.S.A.; and in 1956 for the song "Que Sera, Sera (Whatever Will Be, Will Be)," featured in the movie The Man Who Knew Too Much. They also wrote "Tammy" for the movie Tammy and the Bachelor in 1957.
<Oregon_Geographic_Names>	Oregon Geographic Names is a compilation of the origin and meaning of place names in the U.S. state of Oregon, published by the Oregon Historical Society. The book was originally published in 1928. It was compiled and edited by Lewis A. McArthur. As of 2011[update], the book is in its seventh edition, which was compiled and edited by Lewis L. McArthur (who died in 2018).In its introduction, it identifies six periods in the history of the state which have contributed to the establishment of local names:The seventh edition contains 6,252 entries, with references to another 2,679 names scattered throughout the text. Entries are listed in alphabetical order, beginning with A B Crossing, a railroad station in Coos County, and ending with Zwagg Island, an island near Brookings, Oregon.
<Allan_Forrest>	Allan Forrest Fisher (September 1, 1885 – July 25, 1941) was an American silent film actor.Allan Forrest Fisher starred in 119 films, mostly silent, between 1913 and 1932. He appeared in films such as The Torch Bearer, with actress Charlotte Burton.
<Vinny_Arora>	Vinny Arora Dhoopar (née  Arora; born 28 June 1991) is an Indian television actress. She started her acting career with Kasturi. She later appeared in Kuchh Is Tara and Aathvaan Vachan. She went on to portray prominent roles in shows like Maat Pitaah Ke Charnon Mein Swarg, Shubh Vivah and Itna Karo Na Mujhe Pyaar. She was last seen playing Juhi Sethi in Colors TV's Laado – Veerpur Ki Mardani.Arora married actor Dheeraj Dhoopar on 16 November 2016 in Delhi. They first met on the sets of Maat Pitaah Ke Charnon Mein Swarg in 2009. In April 2022, they announced that they were expecting their first child. On 10 August 2022, the couple had their first child, a boy.
<Sylvester_Perry_Ryan>	Sylvester Perry Ryan (January 12, 1918 – October 23, 2001) was a Canadian lawyer and politician.Ryan's federal political career began in 1949 when he ran, twice, for the Toronto seat of Greenwood. Running as a Liberal he was defeated by Progressive Conservative John Ernest McMillin in the 1949 federal election and then, in the by-election called following McMillin's death, was defeated by James MacKerras MacDonnell by less than 200 votes.
<Anthony_Valentine>	Anthony Valentine (17 August 1939 – 2 December 2015) was an English actor best known for his television roles: the ruthless Toby Meres in Callan (1967–72), the sadistic Major Horst Mohn in Colditz (1972–74), Bob in Tales of the Unexpected, the suave titular gentleman thief in Raffles (1977), and the murderous Baron Gruner in the Sherlock Holmes episode "The Illustrious Client" (1991).Valentine was born in Blackburn, Lancashire; he moved with his family to Chiswick, West London when he was 6 years old, going on to attend Acton County Grammar School.
<Yash_Pal>	Yash Pal  (26 November 1926 – 24 July 2017) was an Indian scientist, educator and educationist. He was known for his contributions to the study of cosmic rays, as well as for being an institution-builder. In his later years, he became one of the leading science communicators of the country.Starting his career at Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (TIFR), he later remained Chairman of the University Grants Commission from 1986 to 1991. In 2013, he was awarded India's second highest civilian honour, the Padma Vibhushan.
<Terrence_Malick>	Terrence Frederick Malick (born November 30, 1943) is an American filmmaker. His films include Days of Heaven (1978), The Thin Red Line (1998), for which he received Academy Award nominations for Best Director and Best Adapted Screenplay, The New World (2005) and The Tree of Life (2011), the latter of which garnered him another Best Director Oscar nomination and the Palme d'Or at the 64th Cannes Film Festival.Malick began his career as part of the New Hollywood wave with the films Badlands (1973), about a murderous couple on the run in 1950s American Midwest, and Days of Heaven (1978), which detailed a love triangle between two laborers and a wealthy farmer during the First World War, before a lengthy hiatus.
<Wolfgang_Pauli>	Wolfgang Ernst Pauli (/ˈpɔːli/; German: [ˈvɔlfɡaŋ ˈpaʊli]; 25 April 1900 – 15 December 1958) was an Austrian theoretical physicist and one of the pioneers of quantum physics. In 1945, after having been nominated by Albert Einstein, Pauli received the Nobel Prize in Physics for his "decisive contribution through his discovery of a new law of Nature, the exclusion principle or Pauli principle". The discovery involved spin theory, which is the basis of a theory of the structure of matter.Pauli was born in Vienna to a chemist, Wolfgang Joseph Pauli (né Wolf Pascheles, 1869–1955), and his wife, Bertha Camilla Schütz; his sister was Hertha Pauli, a writer and actress. Pauli's middle name was given in honor of his godfather, physicist Ernst Mach. Pauli's paternal grandparents were from prominent Jewish families of Prague; his great-grandfather was the Jewish publisher Wolf Pascheles. Pauli's mother, Bertha Schütz, was raised in her mother's Roman Catholic religion; her father was Jewish writer Friedrich Schütz. Pauli was raised as a Roman Catholic, although eventually he and his parents left the Church.
<Eric_Kandel>	Eric Richard Kandel (German: [ˈkandəl]; born Erich Richard Kandel,[citation needed] November 7, 1929) is an Austrian-born American medical doctor who specialized in psychiatry, a neuroscientist and a professor of biochemistry and biophysics at the College of Physicians and Surgeons at Columbia University. He was a recipient of the 2000 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his research on the physiological basis of memory storage in neurons. He shared the prize with Arvid Carlsson and Paul Greengard.He is a Senior Investigator in the Howard Hughes Medical Institute. He was also the founding director of the Center for Neurobiology and Behavior, which is now the Department of Neuroscience at Columbia University. He currently serves on the Scientific Council of the Brain & Behavior Research Foundation. Kandel's popularized account chronicling his life and research, In Search of Memory: The Emergence of a New Science of Mind, was awarded the 2006 Los Angeles Times Book Prize for Science and Technology.Eric's mother, Charlotte Zimels, was born in 1897 in Kolomyya, Pokuttya (modern Ukraine). She came from an Ashkenazi Jewish family. At that time Kolomyya was part of Austria-Hungary. His father, Hermann Kandel, was born in 1898 in Olesko, Galicia (then part of Austria-Hungary). At the beginning of World War I, his parents moved to Vienna, Austria, where they met and married in 1923.
<Jamie_Redknapp>	Jamie Frank Redknapp (born 25 June 1973) is an English former professional footballer who was active from 1989 until 2005. He is a pundit at Sky Sports and an editorial sports columnist at the Daily Mail. A technically skillful and creative midfielder, who was also an accurate and powerful free-kick taker, Redknapp played for AFC Bournemouth, Southampton, Liverpool, and Tottenham Hotspur, captaining the latter two. He also gained 17 England caps between 1995 and 1999, and was a member of England’s squad that reached the semi finals of Euro 1996. His 11 years at Liverpool were the most prolific, playing more than 237 league games for the club, including a spell as captain, and being involved in winning the 1995 Football League Cup Final.In a career that was blighted by a succession of injuries, Redknapp was as famous for his media profile off the field as much as on it. He married the pop singer Louise in 1998. Redknapp comes from a well-known footballing family. His father is the football manager Harry Redknapp. He is also a cousin of Frank Lampard, and a nephew of former West Ham United coach Frank Lampard, Sr.
<National_Defense_University>	The National Defense University (NDU) is an institution of higher education funded by the United States Department of Defense, intended to facilitate high-level education, training, and professional development of national security leaders. As a chairman's Controlled Activity, NDU operates under the guidance of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff (CJCS), with Lieutenant General Michael T. Plehn, USAF, as president. It is located on the grounds of Fort Lesley J. McNair in Washington, D.C.Location
<Bernard_Connolly_(New_Jersey)>	Bernard Connolly (December 1804 – June 9, 1880) was an American newspaperman, politician and writer based in Freehold, New Jersey.As a boy in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, Bernard Connolly learned the printing business at the Westmoreland Republican, becoming proficient in both newspaper and book printing.At 21, he moved to Princeton, New Jersey, where he entered into a partnership in a printing house already in business there. While living in Princeton he married Hannah Ann Downie.
<Ernst_Alexanderson>	Ernst Frederick Werner Alexanderson  (January 25, 1878 – May 14, 1975) was a Swedish-American electrical engineer, who was a pioneer in radio and television development. He invented the Alexanderson alternator, an early radio transmitter used between 1906 and the 1930s for longwave long distance radio transmission. Alexanderson also created the amplidyne, a direct current amplifier used during the Second World War for controlling anti-aircraft guns.Alexanderson was born in Uppsala, Sweden. He studied at the University of Lund (1896–97) and was educated at the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm and the Technische Hochschule in Berlin, Germany. He emigrated to the United States in 1902 and spent much of his life working for the General Electric and Radio Corporation of America.
<I._Magnin>	I. Magnin & Company was a San Francisco, California-based high fashion and specialty goods luxury department store. Over the course of its existence, it expanded across the West into Southern California and the adjoining states of Arizona, Oregon, and Washington. In the 1970s, under Federated Department Stores ownership, the chain entered the Chicago, Illinois, and Washington, DC, metropolitan areas. Mary Ann Magnin founded the company in 1876 and named the chain after her husband Isaac.In the early 1870s, Dutch-born Mary Ann Magnin and her husband Isaac Magnin left England and settled in San Francisco.  Mary Ann opened a shop in 1876 selling lotions and high-end clothing for infants.  Later, she expanded into bridal wear.  As her business grew, her exclusive clientele relied on her for the newest fashions from Paris.  I. Magnin imported clothing by major designers including Jeanne Lanvin, Hattie Carnegie, and Christian Dior.At the turn of the century, Mary Ann’s four sons entered the business.  While John Magnin, Grover Magnin, and Sam Magnin became associated with the I. Magnin store, the fourth son, Joseph Magnin, became known for his own store (Joseph Magnin Co.).
<Kumarpal_Desai>	Kumarpal Balabhai Desai is an author, critic, editor, journalist, columnist and translator from Gujarat, India. He studied and later taught at the Gujarat University. He is associated with several social and Gujarati literary organisations such as Gujarati Sahitya Parishad. He has written and edited more than hundred books including biographies and several works on Jainism. He was awarded the Padma Shri in 2004.Kumarpal Desai was born on 30 August 1942 at Ranpur to Balabhai Desai whose nom-de-plume was Jaybhikhkhu, a prolific Gujarati writer; and Jayaben. His family is native of Sayla. He joined H. K. Arts College. He completed BA and MA in 1963 and 1965 respectively from Gujarat University with Gujarati as a major subject.
<Here's_Lucy>	Here's Lucy is an American sitcom starring Lucille Ball. The series co-starred her long-time comedy partner Gale Gordon and her real-life children Lucie Arnaz and Desi Arnaz Jr. It was broadcast on CBS from 1968 to 1974. It was Ball's third network sitcom, following I Love Lucy (1951–57) and The Lucy Show (1962–68).Though The Lucy Show was still popular during the 1967–68 season, finishing in the top five of the ratings (at #2), Ball opted to end that series at the end of that season, as there were enough episodes for syndicated reruns, and as Ball had sold Desilu Productions (which owned and produced The Lucy Show) to Gulf & Western. Ball, who had stated that she did not wish to continue to star in a show that she no longer owned, also made it known that she did not wish to continue to star in a show unless her two children agreed to co-star, and thus an entirely new show was written for this purpose. Doris Singleton, who played Carolyn Appleby on I Love Lucy, has said she was originally going to be a series regular on the show as Harry Carter's secretary, but the idea was dropped when Lucy brought her children on board with the show. Here's Lucy was produced by Ball's newly created production company, Lucille Ball Productions. Desilu's successor Paramount Television co-produced the first season, but sold its stake in the show to Ball afterwards.
<Neopets>	Neopets is a virtual pet website. Users can own virtual pets ("Neopets") and buy virtual items for them using one of two virtual currencies. One currency, called Neopoints, can be earned within the site, and the other, Neocash, can either be purchased with real-world money, or won by chance in-game.The website was launched by Adam Powell and Donna Williams in late 1999. Two years later, a consortium of investors led by Doug Dohring bought a controlling interest in the company and in June 2005, Viacom (the company that owns Nickelodeon) bought Neopets Inc. for US$160 million. On 17 March 2014, Viacom and Nickelodeon sold Neopets to JumpStart Games for an undisclosed amount. On 3 July 2017, Chinese company NetDragon acquired JumpStart.
<Dan_Topping>	Daniel Reid Topping (June 11, 1912 – May 18, 1974) was a part owner and president of the New York Yankees baseball team from 1945 to 1964. During Topping's tenure as chief executive of the Yankees, the team won 14 American League pennants and ten World Series championships.Topping was born on June 11, 1912, in Greenwich, Connecticut, to Rhea (Reid) and Henry Junkins Topping. Henry Junkins Topping was the son of John A. Topping, an industrialist and president of Republic Iron and Steel. His mother Rhea was the daughter of Daniel G. Reid, who was known as the "Tinplate King" for his vast wealth in the tin industry. Daniel Topping inherited a portion of both fortunes. Topping had two brothers: Henry J. Topping (1914–1968), and John Reid Topping (1921-1969).
<Kazuo_Ishiguro>	Sir Kazuo Ishiguro OBE FRSA FRSL (/kæˈzuːoʊ ˌɪʃɪˈɡʊəroʊ, ˈkæzuoʊ -/ kaz-OO-oh ISH-ig-OOR-oh, KAZ-oo-oh -⁠; born 8 November 1954) is a British novelist, screenwriter, musician, and short-story writer. Ishiguro was born in Nagasaki, Japan, and moved to Britain in 1960 with his parents when he was five.He is one of the most critically-acclaimed and praised contemporary fiction authors writing in English, being awarded the 2017 Nobel Prize in Literature. In its 2017 citation, the Swedish Academy described Ishiguro as a writer "who, in novels of great emotional force, has uncovered the abyss beneath our illusory sense of connection with the world".
<Molloy_(novel)>	Molloy is a novel by Samuel Beckett first written in French and published by Paris-based Les Éditions de Minuit in 1951. The English translation, published in 1955, is by Beckett and Patrick Bowles.Molloy is the first of three novels initially written in Paris between 1947 and 1950; this trio, which includes Malone Dies and The Unnamable, is collectively referred to as ‘The Trilogy’ or ‘the Beckett Trilogy.’ Beckett wrote all three books in French and then, aside from some collaborative work on Molloy with Patrick Bowles, served entirely as his own English-language translator; he did the same for most of his plays. As Paul Auster explains, “Beckett’s renderings of his own work are never literal, word-by-word transcriptions. They are free, highly-inventive adaptations of the original text—or, perhaps more accurately, ‘repatriations’ from one language to the other, from one culture to the other. In effect, he wrote every book twice, and each version bears its own indelible mark.” The three thematically-related books are dark existentialist comedies “whose ostensible subject is death,” but, as Salman Rushdie asserts, “are in fact books about life, the lifelong battle of life against its shadow, life shown near battle’s end, bearing its lifetime of scars.”  As the books progress, the prose becomes increasingly bare and stripped down, and as Benjamin Kunkel notes, they “[have] become famous in the history of fiction because of what is left out: the usual novelistic apparatus of plot, scenes, and characters. … Here, it seems, is the novelistic equivalent of abstract painting.”
<Florent_Sinama_Pongolle>	Florent Stéphane Sinama Pongolle (born 20 October 1984) is a French former professional footballer who played as a forward.He was signed at only 16 by Liverpool, but could never impose himself in the first team. He also spent several seasons in Spain, with Recreativo, Atlético Madrid and Zaragoza.
<Olive_Carey>	Olive Carey (born Olive Fuller Golden; January 31, 1896 – March 13, 1988) was an American film and television actress, and the mother of actor Harry Carey Jr.Carey was born Olive Fuller Golden in New York City, the daughter of Ada (Maxwell), who was from Surrey, and George Fuller Golden (originally George Michael Fuller), a vaudeville entertainer. In 1912, her father died, "leaving a wife and four children destitute." She had a sister, Ruth Fuller Golden, who also acted in films.Carey's screen debut was in Sorrowful Jones (1913). She next acted in Tess of the Storm Country (1914). (An obituary indicates that the name of her initial film was The Sorrowful Shore.) She appeared in more than 50 films, mostly westerns, including Gunfight at the O.K. Corral, often playing tough tomboy parts.
<Wrocław>	Wrocław (Polish: [ˈvrɔt͡swaf] (listen); German: Breslau, pronounced [ˈbʁɛslaʊ̯] (listen); Silesian German: Brassel) is a city in southwestern Poland and the largest city in the historical region of Silesia. It lies on the banks of the River Oder in the Silesian Lowlands of Central Europe, roughly 350 kilometres (220 mi) from the Baltic Sea to the north and 40 kilometres (25 mi) from the Sudeten Mountains to the south. As of 2022[update], the official population of Wrocław is 672,929, with a total of 1.25 million residing in the metropolitan area, making it the third largest city in Poland.Wrocław is the historical capital of Silesia and Lower Silesia. Today, it is the capital of the Lower Silesian Voivodeship. The history of the city dates back over a thousand years; at various times, it has been part of the Kingdom of Poland, the Kingdom of Bohemia, the Kingdom of Hungary, the Habsburg monarchy of Austria, the Kingdom of Prussia and Germany. Wrocław became part of Poland again in 1945 as part of the Recovered Territories, the result of extensive border changes and expulsions after the Second World War.
<Digital_signal_processor>	A digital signal processor (DSP) is a specialized microprocessor chip, with its architecture optimized for the operational needs of digital signal processing. DSPs are fabricated on MOS integrated circuit chips. They are widely used in audio signal processing, telecommunications, digital image processing, radar, sonar and speech recognition systems, and in common consumer electronic devices such as mobile phones, disk drives and high-definition television (HDTV) products.The goal of a DSP is usually to measure, filter or compress continuous real-world analog signals.  Most general-purpose microprocessors can also execute digital signal processing algorithms successfully, but may not be able to keep up with such processing continuously in real-time.  Also, dedicated DSPs usually have better power efficiency, thus they are more suitable in portable devices such as mobile phones because of power consumption constraints. DSPs often use special memory architectures that are able to fetch multiple data or instructions at the same time. Digital signal processing (DSP) algorithms typically require a large number of mathematical operations to be performed quickly and repeatedly on a series of data samples.  Signals (perhaps from audio or video sensors) are constantly converted from analog to digital, manipulated digitally, and then converted back to analog form. Many DSP applications have constraints on latency; that is, for the system to work, the DSP operation must be completed within some fixed time, and deferred (or batch) processing is not viable.
<Germaine_de_Staël>	Anne Louise Germaine de Staël-Holstein (French: [an lwiz ʒɛʁmɛn də stal ɔlstajn]; née Necker; 22 April 1766 – 14 July 1817), commonly known as Madame de Staël  (French: [madam də stal]), was a French woman of letters and political theorist, the daughter of banker and French finance minister Jacques Necker and Suzanne Curchod, a leading salonnière. She was a voice of moderation in the French Revolution and the Napoleonic era up to the French Restoration. She was present at the Estates General of 1789 and at the 1789 Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen.  Her intellectual collaboration with Benjamin Constant between 1794 and 1810 made them one of the most celebrated intellectual couples of their time. She discovered sooner than others the tyrannical character and designs of Napoleon. For many years she lived as an exile – firstly during the Reign of Terror and later due to personal persecution by Napoleon.In exile, she became the centre of the Coppet group with her unrivalled network of contacts across Europe. In 1814 one of her contemporaries observed that "there are three great powers struggling against Napoleon for the soul of Europe: England, Russia, and Madame de Staël". Known as a witty and brilliant conversationalist, and often dressed in daring outfits, she stimulated the political and intellectual life of her times. Her works, whether novels, travel literature or polemics, which emphasised individuality and passion, made a lasting mark on European thought. De Staël spread the notion of Romanticism widely by its repeated use.
<France>	Coordinates: 47°N 2°E﻿ / ﻿47°N 2°E﻿ / 47; 2
<Chris_Waddle>	Christopher Roland Waddle (born 14 December 1960) is an English former professional football player and manager. He currently works as a commentator.Nicknamed "Magic Chris", football journalist Luke Ginnell wrote that Waddle was "widely acknowledged as one of the finest attacking midfielders in Europe". During his professional career, which lasted from 1978 to 1998, he played for several clubs, including Newcastle United, Tottenham Hotspur, Olympique de Marseille and Sheffield Wednesday. In 1989, his transfer from Tottenham to Marseille for £4.5 million made him the third most valuable player in the world, and he won three successive Ligue 1 titles with the club and played in the 1991 European Cup Final. While playing for Wednesday he was voted FWA Footballer of the Year for his performances in the 1992-93 season. He also played in the Premier League for Sunderland, in the Scottish Premiership with Falkirk and in the Football League for Bradford City, Burnley and Torquay United. He finished his career in non-league football with Worksop Town, Glapwell and Stocksbridge Park Steels, later whilst in his fifties, he continued to play at semi-professional level for Northern Counties East League side Hallam. Waddle earned 62 caps for England between 1985 and 1991, which included being a member of the teams which reached the quarter-finals of the 1986 FIFA World Cup and the semi-finals of the 1990 World Cup. He also played for England at UEFA Euro 1988.
<Turgay_Bahadır>	Turgay Bahadır (born 15 January 1984 in Vienna) is a Turkish-Austrian footballer.Bahadir began his career with First Vienna FC and won the youth championship in 1999. He was then scouted from SK Rapid Wien in the summer of 2000. He then left SK Rapid Wien and joined SC Austria Lustenau in the summer of 2003. After sixty games, he scored five goals for SC Austria Lustenau and moved on to join the league rival SC Schwanenstadt from the land of his ancestral estate Turkey in the summer of 2007. He then signed with Kayserispor for two years, playing forty-seven games and scoring four goals. Bahadir then joined Bursaspor in July 2009.With Bursaspor, Bahadır advanced as a football player and fit well with the tactical gameplay of manager Ertuğrul Sağlam. During the entire 2009–2010 Turkish Super League season he usually played as a pivotal striker for Bursaspor, but due to his high technical abilities he was also used as a right winger (MCR) in the absence of Volkan Sen where he performed flawlessly. Bursaspor became the champions in the Turkish Super League 2009–2010 season for the first time in the club's history, whilst Bahadır scored 7 league goals and 3 Ziraat Turkish Cup goals. His most vital goals for Bursaspor in this season were against Trabzonspor in Huseyin Avni Aker Stadium (a high header from penalty area) in a league game and against Denizlispor in Ziraat Turkish Cup; both matches ended with 1–1 draw results.
<Birmingham>	Birmingham (/ˈbɜːrmɪŋəm/ (listen) BUR-ming-əm) is a city and metropolitan borough in the metropolitan county of West Midlands in England. It is the second-largest city in the United Kingdom  with a population of 1.145 million in the city proper, 2.92 million in the West Midlands metropolitan county, and approximately 4.3 million in the wider metropolitan area. It is the largest UK metropolitan area outside of London. Birmingham is known as the second city of the United Kingdom.Located in the West Midlands region of England, approximately 100 miles (160 km) from London, Birmingham is considered to be the social, cultural, financial and commercial centre of the Midlands. Distinctively, Birmingham only has small rivers flowing through it, mainly the River Tame and its tributaries River Rea and River Cole – one of the closest main rivers is the Severn, approximately 20 miles (32 km) west of the city centre.
<Gene_Lockhart>	Edwin Eugene Lockhart (July 18, 1891 – March 31, 1957) was a Canadian-American character actor, playwright, singer and lyricist. He became an American citizen in 1939.Born in London, Ontario, he made his professional debut at the age of six when he appeared with the Kilties Band of Canada. He later appeared in sketches with Beatrice Lillie.
<VfB_Stuttgart>	Verein für Bewegungsspiele Stuttgart 1893 e. V., commonly known as VfB Stuttgart (German pronunciation: [faʊ̯ɛfˈbeː ˈʃtʊtɡaʁt] (listen)), is a German sports club based in Stuttgart, Baden-Württemberg. The club's  football team is currently part of Germany's first division, the Bundesliga. VfB Stuttgart has won the national championship five times, most recently in 2006–07, the DFB-Pokal three times and the UEFA Intertoto Cup a record three times.The football team plays its home games at the Mercedes-Benz Arena, in the Neckarpark which is located near the Cannstatter Wasen, where the city's fall beer festival takes place. Second team side VfB Stuttgart II currently plays in the Regionalliga Südwest, which is the second highest division allowed for a reserve team. The club's junior teams have won the national U19 championships a record ten times and the Under 17 Bundesliga six times.
<Barbara_Walters>	Barbara Jill Walters (born September 25, 1929) is an American broadcast journalist and television personality. Known for her interviewing ability and popularity with viewers, Walters appeared as a host of numerous television programs, including Today, The View, 20/20, and the ABC Evening News. Walters was a working journalist from 1951 until her retirement in 2015.Walters began her career on The Today Show in the early 1960s as a writer and segment producer of women's interest stories. Her popularity with viewers resulted in Walters receiving more airtime, and in 1974, she became co-host of the program, the first woman to hold such a title on an American news program. In 1976, she continued to be a pioneer for women in broadcasting by becoming the first female co-anchor of a network evening news program, alongside Harry Reasoner on the ABC Evening News. From 1979 to 2004, Walters worked as a producer and co-host on the ABC newsmagazine 20/20. She also became known for an annual special aired on ABC, Barbara Walters' 10 Most Fascinating People. Walters interviewed every sitting U.S. president and first lady from Richard Nixon to Barack Obama. She has interviewed both Donald Trump and Joe Biden, though not as presidents.
<William_Goyen>	Charles William Goyen (April 24, 1915 – August 30, 1983) was an American novelist, short story writer, playwright, poet, editor, and teacher. Born in a small town in East Texas, these roots would influence his work for his entire life.In World War II he served as an officer aboard an aircraft carrier in the South Pacific, where he began work on one of his most important and critically acclaimed books, The House of Breath. After the war and through the 1950s, he published short stories, collections of stories, other novels, and plays. He never achieved commercial success in America, but his translated work was highly regarded in Europe. During his life he could not completely support himself through his writing, so at various times he took work as an editor and teacher at several prominent universities. At one point he did not write fiction for several years, calling it a "relief" to not have to worry about his writing.Major themes in his work include home and family, place, time, sexuality, isolation, and memory. His style of writing is not easily categorized, and he eschewed labels of genre placed on his works.
<Winter_in_the_Blood>	Winter in the Blood is the debut novel of James Welch. It was published by Harper and Row's Native American Publishing Program in 1974. Set on the Fort Belknap Indian Reservation in north-central Montana during the late 1960s, Winter in the Blood follows a nameless Blackfeet and Gros Ventre (A'aninin) man's episodic journey to piece together his fragmented identity. Welch received praise from such luminaries as Pulitzer Prize-winning Ojibwe author Louise Erdrich, celebrated American novelist Reynolds Price, and Coeur d'Alene author Sherman Alexie. Alexie later produced the film adaptation of the novel, which was released in 2012.The novel features a self-destructive narrator undergoing an identity crisis.  After getting into a bar fight with a white man, the narrator comes home drunk to discover that his girlfriend, Agnes, has disappeared with his electric razor and gun. The narrator travels to Malta, Montana to track her down, where he meets a white nameless "Airplane Man" from New York heading out West. He meets the Airplane Man again when he travels to Havre, Montana, where the man tries to convince the narrator to take him across the border to Calgary in an attempt to escape from the FBI. While the man buys a hunting knife and an old Ford Falcon, the narrator sees Agnes and her brother Dougie in the street. Later that night, the narrator finds Agnes in a bar and tries to talk to her, but Dougie and his friends beat him up. As the narrator leaves the bar, he sees the Airplane Man being arrested.The narrator hitchhikes home and discovers that his grandmother has passed away. The next day he, Teresa, and Lame Bull dig a grave for her. While digging, the narrative flashes back to a memory of the narrator and his brother (Mose) herding cattle, which results in Mose's death. Once the grave is finished, the narrator leaves to visit Yellow Calf, who talks about the narrator's grandmother. She was the youngest wife of Sitting Bear, from the Blackfeet tribe. The tribe survives starvation and a military assault during which Sitting Bear is killed. The Blackfeet turn on the grandmother, and Yellow Calf helps her survive. The narrator then realizes that Yellow Calf is his grandfather. The next day, with the help of Teresa and Lame Bull, the narrator buries his grandmother. He ponders the future and resolves to work things out with Agnes.
<Susana_Giménez_(TV_show)>	Susana Giménez, often shortened to SG, is an Argentine television talk show that has run nationally since 1987. Owned and hosted by its namesake, Susana Giménez, it remains one of the highest-rated TV shows in Argentine television history. Due to the popularity of the show, Giménez is usually compared to Oprah Winfrey.The TV show is one of the most successful in Latin America, and one of the few in Latin America to receive dozens of international stars from Hollywood and Europe.Inspired by Pronto, Rafaella, hosted by Rafaella Carrá, the show was originally called Hola Susana and then Hola Susana, te estamos llamando (Hello Susana, we are calling you). It has combined interviews, sketch comedy, games and live musical performances. Giménez has received national and international stars in what is known as her "living". In 1998 the show entered Guinness World Records because of all the letters Giménez received in her show, 32 million in total. Furthermore, during the first years of the show, telephone lines collapsed.
<Byron_Thames>	Byron Thames (born April 23, 1969) is an American television and film actor and musician.Born in Jackson, Mississippi, his family moved shortly after his birth to New Orleans, Louisiana. He moved to Hollywood, California, with his mother at age eight to pursue a career as an actor.After meeting actor/director Michael Landon, Thames was cast in the NBC television network dramatic television series Father Murphy in 1981 at the age of eleven opposite actor and former NFL athlete Merlin Olsen. The series ran for two seasons and ended in 1983. The following year, he was cast in Johnny Dangerously, playing the part of actor Michael Keaton's character as a child, and appeared in a starring role in the Mick Jagger-penned dramatic film Blame It on the Night.
<Hassler_Whitney>	Hassler Whitney (March 23, 1907 – May 10, 1989) was an American mathematician. He was one of the founders of singularity theory, and did foundational work in manifolds, embeddings, immersions, characteristic classes, and geometric integration theory.Hassler Whitney was born on March 23, 1907, in New York City, where his father Edward Baldwin Whitney was the First District New York Supreme Court judge. His mother, A. Josepha Newcomb Whitney, was an artist and active in politics. He was the paternal nephew of Connecticut Governor and Chief Justice Simeon Eben Baldwin, his paternal grandfather was William Dwight Whitney, professor of Ancient Languages at Yale University, linguist and Sanskrit scholar. Whitney was the great-grandson of Connecticut Governor and US Senator Roger Sherman Baldwin, and the great-great-grandson of American founding father Roger Sherman. His maternal grandparents were astronomer and mathematician Simon Newcomb (1835-1909), a Steeves descendant, and Mary Hassler Newcomb, granddaughter of the first superintendent of the Coast Survey Ferdinand Rudolph Hassler. His great uncle Josiah Whitney was the first to survey Mount Whitney.He married three times: his first wife was Margaret R. Howell, married on the 30 May 1930. They had three children, James Newcomb, Carol and Marian. After his first divorce, on January 16, 1955 he married Mary Barnett Garfield. He and Mary had two daughters, Sarah Newcomb and Emily Baldwin. Finally, Whitney divorced his second wife and married Barbara Floyd Osterman on 8 February 1986.
<Daniel_Kearns_(footballer)>	Daniel Anthony Kearns (born 26 August 1991) is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for NIFL Premiership club Larne. Kearns joined Peterborough United from Dundalk in 2011 and had spells on loan with York City, Rotherham United and Chesterfield.Born in Belfast, Kearns began his grassroots career in the youth team of his local club St Oliver Plunkett. He joined the youth team of English club West Ham United in July 2007, having been the player of the tournament at the Ballymena International Tournament in 2006. He soon established himself in the under-18 team and went on to spend three years with the club from 2007 to 2010.
<Caroline_D._Krass>	Caroline Diane Krass (born January 5, 1968) is an American attorney and government official who currently serves as the General Counsel of the Department of Defense.Krass was a partner at the Washington office of the Los Angeles-based law firm Gibson Dunn (formerly Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher). She served as General Counsel for the Central Intelligence Agency from 2014 to 2017, and prior to that as Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Legal Counsel, and briefly as the Acting Assistant Attorney General at the United States Department of Justice. She has also been a lawyer in the State Department, the Treasury Department, United States National Security Council, and the Office of the United States Attorney for the District of Columbia.
<Dirk_Wittenborn>	Dirk Wittenborn (born 1952 in New Haven, Connecticut) is an American screenwriter and novelist.Wittenborn was born into a family of scientists. He has two older sisters and an older brother. He graduated from the University of Pennsylvania and started writing in the early 1980s while working at Saturday Night Live. Wittenborn is married and has a child, Lilo Wittenborn. His nephew is James Wittenborn "Jamie" Johnson, a film director, with whom he produced the Emmy-nominated HBO documentary Born Rich.
<Baku>	Baku (US: /bɑːˈkuː, ˈbɑːkuː/, UK: /bæˈkuː, ˈbækuː/; Azerbaijani: Bakı [bɑˈcɯ] (listen)) is the capital and largest city of Azerbaijan, as well as the largest city on the Caspian Sea and of the Caucasus region. Baku is located 28 metres (92 ft) below sea level, which makes it the lowest lying national capital in the world and also the largest city in the world located below sea level. Baku lies on the southern shore of the Absheron Peninsula, alongside the Bay of Baku. Baku's urban population was estimated at two million people as of 2009. Baku is the primate city of Azerbaijan—it is the sole metropolis in the country, and about 25% of all inhabitants of the country live in Baku's metropolitan area.Baku is divided into twelve administrative raions and 48 townships. Among these are the townships on the islands of the Baku Archipelago, and the town of Oil Rocks built on stilts in the Caspian Sea, 60 kilometres (37 miles) away from Baku. The Inner City of Baku, along with the Shirvanshah's Palace and Maiden Tower, were inscribed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2000.
<Evan_McMullin>	David Evan McMullin (born April 2, 1976) is an American politician and former Central Intelligence Agency officer. McMullin ran as an independent in the 2016 United States presidential election and in the 2022 United States Senate election in Utah.McMullin was a Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) operations officer from 2001 to 2010. In 2011, he received an MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and worked as an investment banker for about a year and a half. He was a senior adviser on national security issues for the House Committee on Foreign Affairs from 2013 to 2015 and served as a chief policy director for the House Republican Conference in the U.S. House of Representatives from January 2015 through July 2016. McMullin left the Republican Party in 2016 after Donald Trump became the party's presumptive presidential nominee.
<Italy_national_under-17_football_team>	The Italy national U-17 football team is the national under-17 football team of Italy and is controlled by the Italian Football Federation.The team competes in the UEFA European Under-17 Championship, held every year. The team, if qualified, also competes in the FIFA U-17 World Cup, which is held every two years.
<The_House_in_Paris>	The House in Paris is Elizabeth Bowen's fifth novel. It is set in France and Great Britain following World War I, and its action takes place on a single February day in a house in Paris. In that house, two young children—Henrietta and Leopold—await the next legs of their respective journeys: Henrietta is passing through on her way to meet her grandmother, while Leopold is waiting to meet his mother for the first time. The first and third sections of the novel, both called "The Present," detail what happens in the house throughout the day. The middle section of the book ("The Past") is an imagined chronicle of part of the life of Leopold's mother, Karen Michaelis, revealing the background to the events that occur in Mme Fisher's home on the day.First published in 1935, it was well received by critics past and present, and has received praise  from Virginia Woolf and A. S. Byatt. The novel combines techniques of realism and modernism, and was referred to as her "most complex work." Bowen revisits themes and structures familiar from her earlier novels; the tri-partite structure and the ten-year gap between past and present, for instance, had been used earlier in Friends and Relations, but unlike that novel, The House in Paris finds an escape from a tragic past, by way of a "magical child of myths, an archetypal redeemer."
<New_Zealand>	New Zealand (Māori: Aotearoa [aɔˈtɛaɾɔa]) is an island country in the southwestern Pacific Ocean. It consists of two main landmasses—the North Island (Te Ika-a-Māui) and the South Island (Te Waipounamu)—and over 700 smaller islands. It is the sixth-largest island country by area, covering 268,021 square kilometres (103,500 sq mi). New Zealand is about 2,000 kilometres (1,200 mi) east of Australia across the Tasman Sea and 1,000 kilometres (600 mi) south of the islands of New Caledonia, Fiji, and Tonga. The country's varied topography and sharp mountain peaks, including the Southern Alps, owe much to tectonic uplift and volcanic eruptions. New Zealand's capital city is Wellington, and its most populous city is Auckland.The islands of New Zealand were the last large habitable land to be settled by humans. Between about 1280 and 1350, Polynesians began to settle in the islands and then developed a distinctive Māori culture. In 1642, the Dutch explorer Abel Tasman became the first European to sight and record New Zealand. In 1840, representatives of the United Kingdom and Māori chiefs signed the Treaty of Waitangi, which in its English version declared British sovereignty over the islands. In 1841, New Zealand became a colony within the British Empire. Subsequently, a series of conflicts between the colonial government and Māori tribes resulted in the alienation and confiscation of large amounts of Māori land. New Zealand became a dominion in 1907; it gained full statutory independence in 1947, retaining the monarch as head of state. Today, the majority of New Zealand's population of 5.1 million is of European descent; the indigenous Māori are the largest minority, followed by Asians and Pacific Islanders. Reflecting this, New Zealand's culture is mainly derived from Māori and early British settlers, with recent broadening of culture arising from increased immigration. The official languages are English, Māori, and New Zealand Sign Language, with the local dialect of English being dominant.
<Matt_Ball>	Matthew Michael Ball (born 1968) is an American animal activist. He is co-founder and President of One Step for Animals.Previously, he was Director of Engagement and Outreach at Farm Sanctuary, and before that, Senior Advisor for VegFund. In 1993, Ball co-founded Vegan Outreach. Ball served as the group's Executive Director for 21 years. Ball is credited with helping shift the animal rights' movement to a more utilitarian focus, particularly with a focus on chickens. He is the co-author of The Animal Activist's Handbook (2009), author of The Accidental Activist (2014), and author of Losing My Religions (2022). He was inducted into the Animal Rights Hall of Fame in 2005.Ball was born in Toledo, Ohio. His parents are Cornelius Francis Ball and Judith Anderson Ball, both of Toledo. Before founding Vegan Outreach, Matt Ball obtained an M.S. in Forest Ecology at the University of Illinois, and an M.S. in Engineering and Public Policy at Carnegie Mellon University, during which time he was a Department of Energy Global Change Fellow. He also held a research fellowship in the Department of Biology at the University of Pittsburgh.
<Albacete_Balompié_B>	Club Atlético Albacete is a Spanish football team based in Albacete, in the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha. Founded in 1962, they are the reserve team of Albacete Balompié and currently play in Primera Autonómica Preferente – Group 1, holding home games at Ciudad Deportiva Andrés Iniesta, with a capacity of 3,000 seats.Founded in 1962 as Botas Iñiguez CF, the club started an affiliation with Albacete Balompié in 1974, being their farm team and then playing with the name of Atlético Albacete. From 1998 to 2018, it played with the name of Albacete "B" before returning to their previous name.On 10 October 2019, Atlético Albacete appointed Mario Simón, a manager who had already coached the first team, as their new head coach.
<Labor_Party_(South_Korea)>	The Labor Party (Korean: 노동당) is a democratic socialist political party in South Korea.After the New Progressive Party and the Socialist Party voted to unite in 2012, the Labor Party was officially formed the following year. It held its interim party congress on 21 July 2013.
<Huntsville,_Alabama>	Huntsville is a city in Madison County, Limestone County, and Morgan County, Alabama, United States. It is the county seat of Madison County.  Located in the Appalachian region of northern Alabama, Huntsville is the most populous city in the state.Huntsville was founded within the Mississippi Territory in 1805 and became an incorporated town in 1811. When Alabama was admitted as a state in 1819, Huntsville was designated for a year as the first capital, before that was moved to more central settlements. The city developed across nearby hills north of the Tennessee River, adding textile mills in the late nineteenth century.
<Lorenda_Starfelt>	Lorenda Starfelt (January 11, 1955 – March 16, 2011) was an independent film producer, as well as a committed political activist and blogger who notably dug up president Barack Obama's birth announcement in an August 1961 edition of The Honolulu Advertiser while researching her documentary on the 2008 presidential election, The Audacity of Democracy.Lorenda Starfelt was born on January 11, 1955 in Belleville, IL. According to her website biography, she and her brother Brad Peters were raised by their mother, Phyllis Smith. During her high school years, a brief attempt was made to remove Starfelt from her mother’s care. While attending Belleville High School, Starfelt developed an interest in the theater, but circumstances prevented her from pursuing that passion until much later in life. Several years after graduation, Lorenda met and married an engineer named William Starfelt. The short-lived marriage produced a son, Graham, who remained under his mother’s care after his parents’ eventual divorce. Following a brief stay in Florida, Starfelt moved to San Francisco, where she quickly became involved in the political work of left-wing activist Tom Hayden. Starfelt and her son eventually settled in Los Angeles, where she began work as an interior designer, while maintaining an interest in politics.Lorenda (Lori) Starfelt was the producer of the independent feature film comedy The Watermelon, which  premiered at the 2008 San Diego Film Festival. Directed by Brad Mays,   The Watermelon was written by Michael Hemmingson and stars Will Beinbrink, Kiersten Morgan, Elyse Ashton, Julia Aks, Steven Shields and Mike Ivy.
<Brian_Josephson>	Brian David Josephson FRS (born 4 January 1940) is a Welsh theoretical physicist and professor emeritus of physics at the University of Cambridge. Best known for his pioneering work on superconductivity and quantum tunnelling, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1973 for his prediction of the Josephson effect, made in 1962 when he was a 22-year-old PhD student at Cambridge University. Josephson is the only Welshman to have won a Nobel Prize in Physics. He shared the prize with physicists Leo Esaki and Ivar Giaever, who jointly received half the award for their own work on quantum tunnelling.Josephson has spent his academic career as a member of the Theory of Condensed Matter group at Cambridge's Cavendish Laboratory. He has been a fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge since 1962, and served as professor of physics from 1974 until 2007.
<Canadian_Broadcasting_Corporation>	The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (French: Société Radio-Canada), branded as CBC/Radio-Canada, is a Canadian public broadcaster for both radio and television. It is a federal Crown corporation that receives funding from the government. The English- and French-language service units of the corporation are commonly known as CBC and Radio-Canada, respectively.Although some local stations in Canada predate the CBC's founding, CBC is the oldest existing broadcasting network in Canada. The CBC was established on November 2, 1936. The CBC operates four terrestrial radio networks: The English-language CBC Radio One and CBC Music, and the French-language Ici Radio-Canada Première and Ici Musique. (International radio service Radio Canada International historically transmitted via shortwave radio, but since 2012 its content is only available as podcasts on its website.) The CBC also operates two terrestrial television networks, the English-language CBC Television and the French-language Ici Radio-Canada Télé, along with the satellite/cable networks CBC News Network, Ici RDI, Ici Explora, Documentary Channel (partial ownership), and Ici ARTV. The CBC operates services for the Canadian Arctic under the names CBC North and Radio-Canada Nord. The CBC also operates digital services including CBC.ca/Ici.Radio-Canada.ca, CBC Radio 3, CBC Music/ICI.mu and Ici.TOU.TV, and owns 20.2% of satellite radio broadcaster Sirius XM Canada, which carries several CBC-produced audio channels.
<Peter_Amigo>	Peter Emmanuel Amigo (26 May 1864, Gibraltar – 1 October 1949) was a Roman Catholic bishop in the Catholic Church in England and Wales. He founded The John Fisher School in 1929.Peter Amigo was born at Gibraltar, the ninth of eleven children born to Peter Lawrence and Emily Amigo. His father was a flour merchant. Young Peter studied at St Edmund's College, Ware, and St. Thomas's, Hammersmith. He was ordained priest on 25 February 1888. He was for a short time at Stoke Newington, then professor at St Edmund's from September 1888 until July 1892.Amigo was then appointed assistant priest at Hammersmith from September 1892 to June 1896. He was afterwards at Ss Mary and Michael Church, Commercial Road, East London, first as assistant priest, then as rector from June 1896 to April 1901. He was then appointed rector of the mission at Walworth in the Archdiocese of Southwark.
<Hoar_Cross_Hall>	Hoar Cross Hall is a 19th-century country mansion near the villages of Hoar Cross and Hamstall Ridware, Staffordshire. England. The Grade II listed building is operated as a hotel and spa, and has facilities for conferences and weddings.The original Hoar Cross Estate comprised 490 acres and was bought for 18 pence in 1450 during Henry VI's reign, including a moat and a drawbridge, common in Tudor estate houses. It is reported that onlookers would simply turn up, just to set eyes on the building. It survived for nearly 300 years before being demolished in 1740.[citation needed]
<Derby_Girl>	Derby Girl is a 2007 novel by Shauna Cross. It tells the story of Bliss Cavendar, a girl from the fictional town of Bodeen, Texas, whose mother wants her to compete in beauty pageants, and seeks escape in the world of roller derby. The book was named an American Library Association Best Book for Young Adults and a New York Public Library Book for the Teen Age.The novel was made into the movie Whip It directed by Drew Barrymore.
<Dorcas_Cochran>	Dorcas Cochran (c. 1903 – July 6, 1991) was an American lyricist and screenwriter. She is also referenced by her married name, Dorcas Cochran Jewell.As a lyricist, her best-known song was "Again," which had multiple recorded versions on the US charts. She also wrote the lyrics for two songs which were major hits for Tony Martin: "I Get Ideas" and "Here." Her English language lyric for "Under the Bridges of Paris" was recorded by both Eartha Kitt and Dean Martin for United Kingdom chart hits in 1955, although they failed to chart in the United States, and Frankie Laine's recording of her song, "In the Beginning" similarly charted in the UK but not in the US that year. She also wrote the lyrics for "Mostly Martha", which charted for The Crew-Cuts in 1955.In 1959, she wrote the lyrics to Lionel Newman's theme to the television series Adventures in Paradise. She died in Las Vegas, Nevada.
<How_It_Is>	How It Is is a novel by Samuel Beckett first published in French as Comment c'est by Les Editions de Minuit in 1961. The Grove Press (New York) published Beckett's English translation in 1964. An advance text of his English translation of the third part appeared in the 1962 issue of the Australian literary journal, Arna.L'Image, an early variant version of Comment c'est, was published in the British arts review, X: A Quarterly Review (1959), and is the first appearance of the novel in any form.
<Vannevar_Bush>	Vannevar Bush (/væˈniːvɑːr/ van-NEE-var; March 11, 1890 – June 28, 1974) was an American engineer, inventor and science administrator, who during World War II headed the U.S. Office of Scientific Research and Development (OSRD), through which almost all wartime military R&D was carried out, including important developments in radar and the initiation and early administration of the Manhattan Project. He emphasized the importance of scientific research to national security and economic well-being, and was chiefly responsible for the movement that led to the creation of the National Science Foundation.Bush joined the Department of Electrical Engineering at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in 1919, and founded the company that became the Raytheon Company in 1922. Bush became vice president of MIT and dean of the MIT School of Engineering in 1932, and president of the Carnegie Institution of Washington in 1938.
<Dajan_Šimac>	Dajan Šimac (born 4 January 1982) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a defender for NK Marsonia. He also holds German citizenship.Born in Bingen am Rhein, West Germany, Šimac played in the youth teams of Blau-Weiß Münster-Sarmsheim (1989–1996) and BFV Hassia Bingen (1996–2000). He made his debut as senior playing with 1. FC Kaiserslautern II in the 2001–02 season. After two seasons with them in the Regionalliga Süd.  In summer 2003 he moved to SpVgg Greuther Fürth however he played only one match in the 2003–04 2. Bundesliga.  During the winter break of that season he moved to SV Wehen Wiesbaden.  He played there for five-and-a-half seasons making 138 league appearances and scoring six goals.  He will play with Wehen in the Regionalliga Süd until 2007 when they were promoted to the 2. Bundesliga and he played with them two seasons in the second German level (56 appearances and six goals).  In summer 2007 he moved to another 2. Bundesliga side, FSV Frankfurt and stay with them one season.
<Runecraft>	There is some evidence that, in addition to being a writing system, runes historically served purposes of magic. This is the case from the earliest epigraphic evidence of the Roman to the Germanic Iron Age, with non-linguistic inscriptions and the alu word. An erilaz appears to have been a person versed in runes, including their magic applications.In medieval sources, notably the Poetic Edda, the Sigrdrífumál mentions "victory runes" to be carved on a sword, "some on the grasp and some on the inlay, and name Tyr twice."In the early modern period and modern history, related folklore and superstition is recorded in the form of the Icelandic magical staves. In the early 20th century, Germanic mysticism coined new forms of "runic magic", some of which were continued or developed further by contemporary adherents of Germanic Neopaganism. Modern systems of runic divination are based on Hermeticism, classical Occultism, and the I Ching.
<Dona_Drake>	Dona Drake (born Eunice Westmoreland; November 15, 1914 – June 20, 1989) was an American singer, dancer and film actress in the 1930s and 1940s. Drake was mixed race by ancestry.  She often presented herself as Mexican and went by the names Una Novella and Rita Novella, typically being cast in "ethnic" white roles including Latin American and Middle Easterners. As Mexican "Rita Rio", she led a touring all-girl orchestra in the early 1940s, also known as "Dona Drake and her Girl Band",[citation needed] among other names for her musical and dance acts.Drake was born Eunice Westmoreland in Miami, Florida in 1914, one of five children of Joseph Westmoreland and his wife, Novella (née Smith). U.S. Census reports on her family history identify her grandparents as one black couple and one couple that was black/white.[better source needed]
<Endeavour_(yacht)>	Endeavour is a J-class yacht built for the 1934 America's Cup by Camper and Nicholson in Gosport, England. She was built for Thomas Sopwith who used his aviation design expertise to ensure the yacht was the most advanced of its day with a steel hull and mast. She was 130-foot (40 m) and launched in 1934 and won many races in her first season including against the J's Velsheda and Shamrock V. She failed in her America's Cup challenge against the American defender Rainbow but came closer to lifting the cup than any other until Australia II succeeded in 1983.Endeavour was designed by Charles Ernest Nicholson. Endeavour pioneered the Quadrilateral genoa, a twin clewed headsail offering great sail area and consequent power.
<Tree_(installation)>	Tree was a controversial 24-metre (79 ft) high inflatable sculpture by the artist Paul McCarthy that was briefly installed in the Place Vendôme in Paris in October 2014 as part of a FIAC [fr] exhibition called "Hors les murs".Although officially described as a Christmas tree, it was widely criticised for its similarity in appearance to a huge green butt plug. McCarthy admitted that it was deliberately shaped as such as a joke.The controversy over the sculpture led to McCarthy being assaulted and the sculpture being vandalised only two days after its installation; a vandal climbed the fencing around it and cut the power supply which kept it inflated, in addition to cutting the cords holding it up. McCarthy stated that he did not want the work repaired or replaced.
<Edward_Mulcahy_(Australian_politician)>	Edward Mulcahy (28 March 1850 – 23 October 1927) was an Irish-born Australian politician. Born in County Limerick, he migrated to Australia as a child and was educated in Tasmania. He became an apprentice compositor and established a soft goods business in Hobart. In 1891 he was elected to the Tasmanian House of Assembly for West Hobart, serving until 1903, including a period from 1899 to 1903 when he was Minister for Lands and Works and Minister for Mines. In 1904, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Protectionist Senator for Tasmania. Defeated as a Liberal in 1910, he returned to the House of Assembly as the member for Wilmot, serving as Minister for Lands and Works, Minister for Mines and Minister for Railways 1912–1914. In 1919, he left the Assembly and was appointed to the Senate as a Nationalist, filling the vacancy caused by Labor Senator James Long's resignation. He retired in 1919.Mulcahy married dressmaker Mary Ann Bromwich in 1878, but was widowed in 1890. He remarried in 1893 to his first wife's sister Sarah Jane Bromwich. He was widowed a second time in 1910, and married a third time in 1913 to Rosie Bernard Winter. He had six daughters and three sons from his three marriages, dying in Hobart on 23 October 1927 at the age of 77.
<Joseph_Chamberlain>	Joseph Chamberlain  (8 July 1836 – 2 July 1914) was a British statesman who was first a radical Liberal, then a Liberal Unionist after opposing home rule for Ireland, and eventually served as a leading imperialist in coalition with the Conservatives. He split both major British parties in the course of his career. He was the father, by different marriages, of Nobel Peace Prize winner Austen Chamberlain and of Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain.Chamberlain made his career in Birmingham, first as a manufacturer of screws and then as a notable mayor of the city. He was a radical Liberal Party member and an opponent of the Elementary Education Act 1870 on the basis that it could result in subsidising Church of England schools with local ratepayers' money. As a self-made businessman, he had never attended university and had contempt for the aristocracy. He entered the House of Commons at 39 years of age, relatively late in life compared to politicians from more privileged backgrounds. Rising to power through his influence with the Liberal grassroots organisation, he served as President of the Board of Trade in Gladstone's Second Government (1880–85). At the time, Chamberlain was notable for his attacks on the Conservative leader Lord Salisbury, and in the 1885 general election he proposed the "Unauthorised Programme", which was not enacted, of benefits for newly enfranchised agricultural labourers, including the slogan promising "three acres and a cow". Chamberlain resigned from Gladstone's Third Government in 1886 in opposition to Irish Home Rule. He helped to engineer a Liberal Party split and became a Liberal Unionist, a party which included a bloc of MPs based in and around Birmingham.
<Weintraub_Entertainment_Group>	Weintraub Entertainment Group (WEG) was a film production company considered to be a mini-major studio founded by Jerry Weintraub.Weintraub Entertainment Group was formed on July 1, 1986 by Jerry Weintraub. In February 1987, WEG received $461 million in financing from Columbia Pictures, Cineplex Odeon and others in the form of securities, bank loans and advances. The Coca-Cola Company and US Tobacco Company were principal investors. WEG also arranged a $145-million, 7-year credit line with the Bank of America. WEG also signed a 20-year distribution deal with Columbia and planned to release seven or eight movies per year.In March 1987, WEG signed its first production and distribution deal, a three-year agreement with Robert Stigwood's RSO Films for multiple films budgeted in the $12-million to $15-million range.  With Stigwood's partnership, WEG was to finance a film version of Evita with Oliver Stone as writer/director and Meryl Streep as Eva Perón. However, the studio dropped the project.
<Dmitry_Medvedev>	Dmitry Anatolyevich Medvedev (Russian: Дмитрий Анатольевич Медведев, IPA: [ˈdmʲitrʲɪj ɐnɐˈtolʲjɪvʲɪtɕ mʲɪdˈvʲedʲɪf]; born 14 September 1965) is a Russian politician who has been serving as the deputy chairman of the Security Council of Russia since 2020. Medvedev also served as the president of Russia between 2008 and 2012 and prime minister of Russia between 2012 and 2020.
<Gregg_Wylde>	Gregg Wylde (born 23 March 1991) is a Scottish footballer who plays for Dumbarton in Scottish League Two.He started his career with Rangers, but voluntarily left the club in March 2012, soon after it entered administration. He has since played for Bolton Wanderers, Aberdeen, St Mirren, Plymouth Argyle and Millwall, as well as having spells at Bury, Northampton Town, Morecambe, Livingston, Clyde and East Kilbride.
<Ross_McDonald>	Sir Robert Ross McDonald QC (25 January 1888 – 25 March 1964) was an Australian politician who was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1933 to 1950, representing the seat of West Perth. He served as leader of the Nationalist Party from 1938 to 1945, and of the Liberal Party (its successor) from 1945 to 1946, during the period when those parties were the junior partners in the coalition with the Country Party.McDonald was born in Albany, Western Australia, to Mary Jane (née Elder) and Angus McDonald. He boarded at Scotch College, Perth, and then studied law by correspondence at the University of Adelaide. He was called to bar in 1910. McDonald enlisted as a private in the Australian Imperial Force in 1916, and later served as a lower-level officer with various artillery units in France and Belgium. He had reached the rank of lieutenant by the end of the war. On his return to Australia in 1919, McDonald joined the law firm of Robert Thomson Robinson (a fellow Albany native), eventually becoming a partner. He was a part-time lecturer at the University of Western Australia from 1928 to 1931, and also served as the foundation vice-president of the Australian branch of the International Commission of Jurists.
<John_Connally>	John Bowden Connally Jr. (February 27, 1917 – June 15, 1993) was an American politician. He served as the 39th governor of Texas and as the 61st United States secretary of the Treasury. He began his career as a Democrat and later became a Republican in 1973.Born in Floresville, Texas, Connally pursued a legal career after graduating from the University of Texas at Austin. During World War II, he served on the staff of James Forrestal and Dwight D. Eisenhower before transferring to the Asiatic-Pacific Theater. After the war, he became an aide to Senator Lyndon B. Johnson. When Johnson assumed the vice presidency in 1961, he convinced President John F. Kennedy to appoint Connally to the position of United States Secretary of the Navy. Connally left the Kennedy Administration in December 1961 to run for Governor of Texas, and he held that position from 1963 to 1969. In 1963, Connally was riding in the presidential limousine when Kennedy was assassinated, and was seriously wounded. During his governorship, he was a conservative Democrat.In 1971, Republican President Richard Nixon appointed Connally as his Treasury Secretary. In this position, Connally presided over the removal of the U.S. dollar from the gold standard, an event known as the Nixon shock. Connally stepped down from the Cabinet in 1972 to lead the Democrats for Nixon organization, which campaigned for Nixon's re-election. He was a candidate to replace Vice President Spiro Agnew after the latter resigned in 1973, but Nixon chose Gerald Ford instead. He sought the Republican nomination for president in the 1980 election, but withdrew from the race after the first set of primaries. Connally did not seek public office again after 1980 and died of pulmonary fibrosis in 1993.
<Bushey>	Bushey is a town in the Hertsmere borough of Hertfordshire in the East of England. It has a population of over 25,000 inhabitants. Bushey Heath is a large neighbourhood south east of Bushey on the boundary with the London Borough of Harrow reaching elevations of 165 metres (541 ft) above sea level.The first written record of Bushey is its entry in the Domesday Book of 1086, which describes a small agricultural village named 'Bissei' (which later became 'Biss(h)e' and then 'Bisheye' during the 12th century). However, chance archaeological findings of Stone Age tools provide evidence that the area was inhabited as far back as the Palaeolithic period. The town also has links to the Roman occupation of Britain, with the main road running through it being Roman; sites of possible Roman villas being unearthed in the area; and a Roman tessellated pavement was discovered near Chiltern Avenue.
<White_Plains,_New_York>	White Plains is a city in Westchester County within the metropolitan area of the City of New York. It is the eleventh-largest city in the state of New York, an outer suburb of New York City, and the county seat and commercial hub of Westchester County, a densely populated suburban county that is home to approximately one million people. White Plains is located in south-central Westchester County. Its downtown (Mamaroneck Avenue) is 25 miles (40 km) north of Midtown Manhattan.The city's total population was 59,599 in the 2020 census, up from 53,077 at the 2010 census. According to the city government, the daytime weekday population is estimated at 250,000. The city was ranked third in the top 10 places to live in New York for 2014, according to national online real estate brokerage Movoto.
<ZM_Wellington>	ZM Wellington (previously 2ZM, ZMFM and 91ZM) is a hit music radio station in Wellington, New Zealand. It is a station of the ZM network, and is owned and operated by New Zealand Media and Entertainment.The ZM station in Wellington has a history dating back to 1937 as local station 2YD which originally broadcast on 1130AM. The station was started by the New Zealand government owned Radio New Zealand (which at the time was known as the National Broadcasting Board). In 1969, the call sign was changed to 2ZM and in 1973, 2ZM was joined with 1YD and 3ZM in Christchurch to form to youth orientated ZM network, 1YD then became 1ZM.
<Michel_Temer>	Michel Miguel Elias Temer Lulia (Brazilian Portuguese: [miˈʃɛw miˈɡɛw eˈli.ɐs ˈtemeɾ luˈli.ɐ]; born 23 September 1940) is a Brazilian politician, lawyer and writer who served as the 37th president of Brazil from 31 August 2016 to 31 December 2018. He took office after the impeachment and removal from office of his predecessor Dilma Rousseff. He had been the 24th vice president of Brazil since 2011 and acting president since 12 May 2016, when Rousseff's powers and duties were suspended pending an impeachment trial. At the age of 75, he is the oldest person to have taken the office.The Senate's 61–20 vote on 31 August 2016 to remove Rousseff from office meant that Temer succeeded her and served out the remainder of her second term. In his first speech in office, Temer called for a government of "national salvation" and asked for the trust of the Brazilian people. He also signaled his intention to overhaul the pension system and labor laws, and to curb public spending.
<The_Stamp_Collector>	The Stamp Collector is a children's picture book (recommended for ages 8 and up) by Jennifer Lanthier and François Thisdale. It was published in 2012 by Fitzhenry & Whiteside. A French language edition, Le Collectionneur de Timbres, was released in October, 2013. The theme of the book is freedom of expression.A city boy finds a discarded postage stamp that unlocks his imagination; a country boy is captivated by stories. When they grow up, the two boys take different paths—one becomes a prison guard, the other works in a factory—but their early childhood passions remain. Their lives intersect years later when the country boy's stories of hope land him in prison, guarded by the city boy.The rules prohibit the guard and writer from talking. As the years pass, the writer's story spreads around the world and letters of support from faraway places begin to arrive. The guard is fascinated by the beautiful stamps and intrigued by what they suggest about the prisoner he watches. With time, the guard feels compelled to deliver first the stamps and eventually the letters, as evidence to the writer that the world has not forgotten him.
<Luxoflux>	Luxoflux Corp. was an American video game developer founded by Peter Morawiec and Adrian Stephens in January 1997, and based in Santa Monica, California.Luxoflux had a relatively small team size for its first few titles. The two founders plus Jeremy Engelman, David Goodrich and Edvard Toth created Luxoflux's first title Vigilante 8. The game was successful and was ported to the Nintendo 64, and it was followed by a sequel Vigilante 8: 2nd Offense in 1999.
<Linda_Stirling>	Linda Stirling (born Louise Schultz; October 11, 1921 – July 20, 1997) was an American showgirl, model, and actress. In her later years, she had a second career as a college English professor for more than two decades. She is most famous for her roles in movie serials.The daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Alex Schultz, Stirling was born in Long Beach, California. She attended Burnett Grammar School, George Washington Junior High School, and Long Beach Polytechnic High School.
<Richard_Fortey>	Richard Alan Fortey FRS FRSL (born 15 February 1946 in London) is a British palaeontologist, natural historian, writer and television presenter, who served as president of the Geological Society of London for its bicentennial year of 2007.Fortey was educated at Ealing Grammar School for Boys and King's College, Cambridge, where he read Natural Sciences specialising in geology. He received a PhD and DSc from the University of Cambridge.
<Erwin_Chemerinsky>	Erwin Chemerinsky (born May 14, 1953) is an American legal scholar known for his studies of United States constitutional law and federal civil procedure. Since 2017, Chemerinsky has been the dean of the UC Berkeley School of Law. Previously, he also served as the inaugural dean of the University of California, Irvine School of Law from 2008 to 2017.A study of legal publications between 2016 and 2020 found Chemerinsky to be the most frequently cited American legal scholar. Chemerinsky was named a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2016.  The National Jurist magazine named him the most influential person in legal education in the United States in 2017.  In 2021 Chemerinsky was named President-elect of the Association of American Law Schools.
<John_McElroy_(Jesuit)>	John McElroy SJ was born in Ireland in 1782, and emigrated to the United States in 1803. McElroy enrolled in Georgetown University in 1806, the same year in which he joined the Society of Jesus as a lay brother. His brother Anthony also became a Jesuit. Fr. McElroy assumed the management of Georgetown's financial affairs. He was ordained a priest in 1817. In 1822 he was sent to Frederick, Maryland, where he was to remain for 23 years as pastor of St. John the Evangelist Catholic Church in downtown Frederick.  It was in Frederick that he founded St. John's Literary Institution.  During the Mexican–American War, McElroy served as an Army chaplain, and on his return from Mexico he went to Boston, where he established Boston College and Boston College High School.John McElroy was born 14 May 1782 in Enniskillen, Ireland, the younger of two sons.  In the hopes of providing a better life for John and his brother Anthony, their father, a farmer, financed their travel to the United States of America.  In 1803 the two young men boarded a ship leaving the port of Londonderry and arriving in Baltimore, Maryland, on 26 August. McElroy eventually settled in Georgetown, Washington, D.C., and became a merchant.
<Seibu_Holdings>	Seibu Holdings, Inc. (株式会社西武ホールディングス, Kabushiki-gaisha Seibu Hōrudingusu) is a Japanese holding company that primarily owns Seibu Railway, Prince Hotels, and Seibu Bus and its subsidiaries, which are collectively known as the Seibu Group (西武グループ, Seibu Gurūpu). In total, fifty-three companies across the world are affiliated with the Seibu Group. The company was formed in 2006 to restructure the group after it had come to light in 2004 that the predecessor to Seibu Holdings, Kokudo, had falsified the ownership of its shares in Seibu Railway for over forty years.As of January 2015, Seibu Holdings' share prices exceed ¥2900 and the company has the highest market capitalization of any Japanese company which owns a private rail network.In 2004, the Seibu Group collapsed due to the revelation that the head of Kokudo (the predecessor of Seibu Holdings), Yoshiaki Tsutsumi, had falsified financial statements for over forty years. The scandal, which involved falsifying the ownership of Kokudo's share holdings in Seibu Railway, was compounded by the increased competition faced by Prince Hotels in the hotel and leisure market as well as an additional pay-off scandal involving a corporate racketeer. Seibu Railway was consequently delisted from the Tokyo Stock Exchange in December 2004 after shares fell to ¥400 from a peak of ¥8000. As a response to this, Seibu Holdings was founded on February 3, 2006 with the aim of restructuring the group following an investment of ¥100 billion from the American private equity firm Cerberus Capital Management.  Tsutsumi, having pleaded guilty to the fraud charges in 2005, retained a 5% stake in Seibu Holdings having previously owned a 36% stake in Kokudo.
<Maggie_McNamara>	Marguerite "Maggie" McNamara (June 18, 1928 – February 18, 1978) was a stage, film, and television actress and model from the United States. McNamara began her career as a teenage fashion model. She first came to public attention as Patty O'Neill in the 1951 national tour of F. Hugh Herbert's The Moon Is Blue which ran concurrently with the original Broadway production. In 1952 she succeeded Barbara Bel Geddes in that role in the Broadway production. Both productions were directed by Otto Preminger, and Preminger also directed McNamara in that role in the controversial 1953 film adaptation of that work. She earned an Academy Award nomination for Best Actress for her role in the film.She appeared in only three films after The Moon Is Blue and made her final film in 1963. After five guest-starring roles in television series in the early 1960s, she retired from acting. For the remainder of her life, she worked as a typist in New York City. On February 18, 1978, McNamara died of a barbiturate overdose at the age of 49.
<CD_Leganés>	Club Deportivo Leganés, S.A.D. is a football club based in Leganés, Community of Madrid, Spain, that currently competes in Segunda División, the second tier of the Spanish league system. It was founded on 23 June 1928. It holds home games at the Estadio Municipal de Butarque, which seats 12,454 spectators.The club was officially founded on 23 June 1928. Its first president was Ramón del Hierro. However the club had to suspend operations in 1936 due to the Spanish civil war, where they remained inactive until they reformed on 4 September 1946.
<Cooney_Checkaye>	Severin Joseph Checkaye (January 6, 1893 – November 18, 1970) was a professional football player, coach and owner. He was also a co-founder of the National Football League (NFL). Checkaye's franchise, the Muncie Flyers was a charter member of the league.Checkaye began his pro football career in 1913 playing for the Fort Wayne Friars. In 1916 he played for Wabash and in 1919 for Pine Village.The 1920 APFA season opened with two games for Sunday October 3, 1920. The games consisted of the Columbus Panhandles playing the Dayton Triangles at Dayton, while Muncie played the Rock Island Independents at Rock Island.With Dayton and Rock Island being in different time zones, as well as their being no standard kickoff times and the fact that newspaper accounts of the games did not give the kickoff times, so there is no way of knowing which game started first. This means that Cooney may have played in the very first NFL game. However, the Flyers lost their game to Independents, 45–0. It would be the team's only game played during the 1920 season. The Flyers had a tough time finding teams to play against in the league. The Staleys cancelled their game against Muncie the following week and a game to be played against Dayton was rained out.
<David_Duke>	David Ernest Duke (born July 1, 1950) is an American white supremacist, antisemitic conspiracy theorist, far-right politician, convicted felon, and former Grand Wizard of the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan.  From 1989 to 1992, he was a member of the Louisiana House of Representatives for the Republican Party. His politics and writings are largely devoted to promoting conspiracy theories about Jews, such as Holocaust denial and Jewish control of academia, the press, and the financial system. The Anti-Defamation League described Duke in 2013 as promoting white supremacist views and "perhaps America’s most well-known racist and anti-Semite".Duke unsuccessfully stood as Democratic candidate for state legislature during the 1970s and 1980s, culminating in his campaign for the 1988 Democratic presidential nomination. After failing to gain any traction within the Democratic Party, Duke left and successfully gained the presidential nomination of the minor Populist Party. In December 1988, he became a Republican and claimed to have become a born-again Christian, while nominally renouncing antisemitism and racism. He soon won his only elected office, a seat in the Louisiana House of Representatives. He then ran unsuccessful but competitive campaigns for several more offices, including United States Senate in 1990 and Governor of Louisiana in 1991. His campaigns were denounced by national and state Republican leaders, including President George H. W. Bush. He mounted a minor challenge to President Bush in 1992.
<Bruce_Geller>	Bruce Bernard Geller (October 13, 1930 – May 21, 1978) was an American lyricist, screenwriter, director, and television producer.Geller was born in New York City, the son of Dorothy (Friedlander) and General Sessions Judge Abraham N. Geller. Geller graduated from Yale University in 1952, where he had studied psychology and sociology and was involved in many activities including theater.He pursued a career writing scripts for shows on the DuMont Television Network including Jimmy Hughes, Rookie Cop (1953) and others. He also wrote the book and lyrics for musical theatre productions including Livin' the Life (1957) and All in Love (1961), but his efforts met with only modest success. Geller left New York for Los Angeles, where he was employed writing scripts for episodes of several television series, including  Zane Grey Theater, Have Gun, Will Travel, The Rebel, and The Rifleman. He also worked as the co-executive producer of the Rawhide  series for the 1964-1965 television season.
<G._Arthur_Cooper>	Gustav Arthur Cooper (February 9, 1902 – October 17, 2000) was an American paleobiologist.Cooper was born in College Point, Queens, and attended Colgate University. He graduated in 1924, staying on to receive a master's degree in 1926.  He then attended Yale University, where he received his PhD in 1929. His dissertation was titled, "Stratigraphy of the Hamilton Group of New York."In 1930, he got a job as assistant curator at the Division of Stratigraphic Paleontology in United States National Museum. He was promoted to a curator position in 1944 for the Division of Invertebrate Paleontology. In 1957, he became the head curator of the Department of Geology, and 6 years later became the chairman of the newly formed Department of Paleobiology. He became senior paleobiologist in 1967, after which he devoted his life to research. He retired in 1974 with paleobiologist emeritus title. He died in 2000.
<Patrick_Blackett>	Patrick Maynard Stuart Blackett, Baron Blackett OM CH FRS (18 November 1897 – 13 July 1974) was a British experimental physicist known for his work on cloud chambers, cosmic rays, and paleomagnetism, winning the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1948. In 1925 he became the first person to prove that radioactivity could cause the nuclear transmutation of one chemical element to another. He also made a major contribution in World War II advising on military strategy and developing operational research. His left-wing views saw an outlet in third world development and in influencing policy in the Labour Government of the 1960s.Blackett was born in Kensington, London, the son of Arthur Stuart Blackett, a stockbroker, and his wife Caroline Maynard. His younger sister was the psychoanalyst Marion Milner. His paternal grandfather Rev. Henry Blackett, brother of Edmund Blacket the Australian architect, was for many years vicar of Croydon. His maternal grandfather Charles Maynard was an officer in the Royal Artillery at the time of the Indian Mutiny. The Blackett family lived successively at Kensington, Kenley, Woking and Guildford, Surrey, where Blackett went to preparatory school. His main hobbies were model aeroplanes and crystal radio. When he went for interview for entrance to the Royal Naval College, Osborne, Isle of Wight, Charles Rolls had completed his cross-channel flight the previous day and Blackett who had tracked the flight on his crystal set was able to expound lengthily on the subject. He was accepted and spent two years there before moving on to Dartmouth where he was "usually head of his class".
<Keely_Shaye_Smith>	Keely Shаye Smith (born September 25, 1963), also known as Keely Shaye Brosnan, is an American journalist, author, television host, actress, producer, and director.Smith appeared with Huey Lewis in the MTV music video "Stuck with You" which spent three weeks at number one spot on the Billboard Hot 100 list from September 20 to October 10, 1986. Smith appeared as Valerie Freeman for one season on General Нospital (1990).
<SV_Werder_Bremen_II>	SV Werder Bremen II is the reserve team of SV Werder Bremen. It plays in Regionalliga, the fourth level of the German football league system, and has qualified for the first round of the DFB-Pokal on nineteen occasions. It also has won the German amateur football championship three times, a joint record. Until 2005 the team played as SV Werder Bremen Amateure.It plays its home matches at Weserstadion Platz 11, adjacent to the first team's ground.
<Ludovic_Kennedy>	Sir Ludovic Henry Coverley Kennedy FRSL (3 November 1919 – 18 October 2009) was a Scottish journalist, broadcaster, humanist and author best known for re-examining cases such as the Lindbergh kidnapping and the murder convictions of Timothy Evans and Derek Bentley, and for his role in the abolition of the death penalty in the United Kingdom.Kennedy was born in 1919 in Edinburgh, the son of a career Royal Navy officer, Edward Kennedy, and his wife, Rosalind Grant, daughter of Sir Ludovic Grant, 11th Baronet. His mother Rosalind was a cousin of the Conservative politician Robert Boothby, later Lord Boothby. He had two younger sisters, Morar and Katherine. Morar married the playwright Royce Ryton in 1954. Katherine married Major Ion Calvocoressi in 1947. He was schooled at Eton College (where he played in a jazz band with Humphrey Lyttelton) and studied for a year at Christ Church, Oxford, until the outbreak of war. While at Oxford he was a member of the Bullingdon Club.
<Dolley_Madison>	Dolley Todd Madison (née Payne; May 20, 1768 – July 12, 1849) was the wife of James Madison, the fourth president of the United States from 1809 to 1817. She was noted for holding Washington social functions in which she invited members of both political parties, essentially spearheading the concept of bipartisan cooperation.  Previously, founders such as Thomas Jefferson would only meet with members of one party at a time, and politics could often be a violent affair resulting in physical altercations and even duels. Madison helped to create the idea that members of each party could amicably socialize, network, and negotiate with each other without violence. By innovating political institutions as the wife of James Madison, Dolley Madison did much to define the role of the President's spouse, known only much later by the title first lady—a function she had sometimes performed earlier for the widowed Thomas Jefferson.Madison also helped to furnish the newly constructed White House. When the British set fire to it in 1814, she was credited with saving Gilbert Stuart's classic 1796 portrait of George Washington; she directed her personal slave Paul Jennings to save it. In widowhood, she often lived in poverty aggravated by her son John Payne Todd's alcoholism and mismanagement of their Montpelier plantation. To relieve her debts, she sold off the plantation, its remaining slaves, and her late husband's papers.
<Jason_Knight>	Jason Knight may refer to:
<Robert_S._Mulliken>	Robert Sanderson Mulliken ForMemRS (June 7, 1896 – October 31, 1986) was an American physicist and chemist, primarily responsible for the early development of molecular orbital theory, i.e. the elaboration of the molecular orbital method of computing the structure of molecules.  Mulliken received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1966 and the Priestley Medal in 1983.Robert Mulliken was born in Newburyport, Massachusetts. His father, Samuel Parsons Mulliken, was a professor of organic chemistry at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. As a child, Robert Mulliken learned the name and botanical classification of plants and, in general, had an excellent, but selective, memory. For example, he learned German well enough to skip the course in scientific German in college, but could not remember the name of his high school German teacher. He also made the acquaintance, while still a child, of the physical chemist Arthur Amos Noyes.Mulliken helped with some of the editorial work when his father wrote his four-volume text on organic compound identification, and thus became an expert on organic chemical nomenclature.
<Yuriko_Yoshitaka>	Yuriko Yoshitaka (吉高 由里子, Yoshitaka Yuriko, born July 22, 1988) is a Japanese actress. She has played numerous roles in film and television, including lead roles in Snakes and Earrings, Yurigokoro, and the NHK asadora Hanako to Anne.At age 16, her first year of high school, Yoshitaka joined the entertainment industry when she was scouted by an agency while shopping at Harajuku. Yoshitaka made her acting debut in 2006. She was given the lead role in the live-action adaptation of Hitomi Kanehara's award-winning novel Snakes and Earrings in 2007. Portraying Lui, a teenager whose life goes into a downward spiral after meeting the forked-tongued and tattooed Ama, the role was Yoshitaka's breakthrough role. The Japanese public began to take notice of her, and in a poll conducted by Oricon, Yoshitaka was the fifth promising young actress of 2009 and 2009's freshest female celebrity. In 2010, Oricon again conducted a poll on the most promising actress and she managed climb up to top the poll.Yoshitaka began to receive more work in 2008 as she appeared in Flow's music video "Arigatō" (ありがとう, "Thanks"), was given her first lead role in the comedy drama Konno-san to Asobo (紺野さんと遊ぼう, Let’s Play with Konno-san) and took up the lead role in the film Yubae Shōjo (夕映え少女, A Girl in the Sunset) before the theatrical release of her other lead film Snakes and Earrings.
<Dimitris_Kontominas>	Dimitris Kontominas (Greek: Δημήτρης Κοντομηνάς; 3 June 1939 – 10 March 2022) was a Greek businessman who was active in insurance, television, cinema, and retail trade.Kontominas was born on 3 June 1939 in Athens, Greece. He studied at the American University of Beirut. Initially he worked as an insurer in American Life (ALICO). In 1969, he cofounded with Alexander Tampoura the insurance company Interamerican. Interamerican now belongs to Eureko BV. Kontominas remained chairman until 2005.Kontominas owned Prime Insurance and MyDirect insurers. He founded or acquired other companies, including:
<Nina_Leopold_Bradley>	Nina Leopold Bradley (born Nina Leopold) (August 4, 1917 – May 25, 2011) was an American conservationist, researcher and writer.Her father was the ecologist Aldo Leopold.She graduated with a bachelor's degree in geography from the University of Wisconsin–Madison. During WW II she worked as an assistant to Thomas Park on the Tribolium project at the University of Chicago. She was the senior author of the 1999 article Phenological changes reflect climate change in Wisconsin, which has over 700 citations.
<Eshel_Ben-Jacob>	Eshel Ben-Jacob (full name Eshel Refael Ben-Jacob Breslav; Hebrew: אשל רפאל בן-יעקב 13 April 1952 – 5 June 2015), was a theoretical and experimental physicist at Tel Aviv University, holder of the Maguy-Glass Chair in Physics of Complex Systems, and Fellow of the Center for Theoretical Biological Physics (CTBP) at Rice University. During the 1980s he became a leader in the theory of self-organization and pattern formation in open systems,  later extending this work to adaptive complex systems and biocomplexity.  In the late 1980s, he turned to study of bacterial self-organization, He developed new pattern forming bacteria species, becoming a pioneer in the study of bacterial intelligence and social behaviors of bacteria.Eshel Ben-Jacob was born on April 13, 1952 in Haifa Israel into a family of pioneers that immigrated to Israel in the 1930s.  After graduating from high school, he matriculated to study physics and mathematics at Tel Aviv University and was drafted to the Israeli Navy two years later. He completed his B.Sc., M.Sc. and most of his PhD studies during the service (1972–1980) first in the Navy Weather Forecast unit and later in the Navy Intelligence.Ben-Jacob received a B.Sc. degree (1975) in physics from Tel Aviv University, a Certificate in System Analysis (1976) from the Technion (Israel Institute of Technology), and a M.Sc. degree (1978) (under the supervision of Y. Imry) and a PhD degree in physics (1982) (under the supervision of Y. Imry and D. J. Bergman) from Tel Aviv University. After three years (1981–1984) of postdoctoral research at the Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics in Santa Barbara, he joined the Physics Department at the University of Michigan (1984–1989). Since 1986, he has been a faculty member of the School of Physics and Astronomy at Tel Aviv University (full Professor since 1992 and the holder of the Maguy-Glass Chair in Physics of Complex Systems since 2003).
<Royal_Holloway,_University_of_London>	Royal Holloway, University of London (RHUL), formally incorporated as Royal Holloway and Bedford New College, is a public research university and a constituent college of the federal University of London. It has six schools, 21 academic departments and approximately 10,500 undergraduate and postgraduate students from over 100 countries. The campus is located west of Egham, Surrey, 19 miles (31 km) from central London.The Egham campus was founded in 1879 by the Victorian entrepreneur and philanthropist Thomas Holloway. Royal Holloway College was officially opened in 1886 by Queen Victoria as an all-women college. It became a member of the University of London in 1900. In 1945, the college admitted male postgraduate students, and in 1965, around 100 of the first male undergraduates. In 1985, Royal Holloway merged with Bedford College (another former all-women's college in London). The merged college was named Royal Holloway and Bedford New College (RHBNC), this remaining the official registered name of the college by Act of Parliament. The campus is dominated by the Founder's Building, a Grade I listed red-brick building modelled on the Château de Chambord of the Loire Valley, France. The annual income of the institution for 2020–21 was £189.9 million of which £18.8 million was from research grants and contracts, with an expenditure of £179.2 million.
<Benjamin_Constant>	Henri-Benjamin Constant de Rebecque (French: [kɔ̃stɑ̃]; 25 October 1767 – 8 December 1830), or simply Benjamin Constant, was a Franco-Swiss political thinker, activist and writer on political theory and religion.A committed republican from 1795, he backed the coup d'état of 18 Fructidor (4 September 1797) and the following one on 18 brumaire (9 November 1799). During the Consulat, in 1800 he became the leader of the Liberal Opposition. Having upset Napoleon and left France to go to Switzerland then to the Kingdom of Saxony, Constant nonetheless sided with him during the Hundred Days and became politically active again during the French Restoration. He was elected Député in 1818 and remained in post until his death in 1830. Head of the Liberal opposition, known as Indépendants, he was one of the most notable orators of the Chamber of Deputies of France, as a proponent of the parliamentary system. During the July Revolution, he was a supporter of Louis Philippe I ascending the throne.
<Rosie_Perez>	Rosa Perez (born September 6, 1964) is an American actress, choreographer, dancer, and activist. Her breakthrough came with her portrayal of Tina in the film Do the Right Thing (1989), followed by White Men Can't Jump (1992). Perez's performance in Fearless (1993) earned her a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, among other accolades. Her starring film roles since include It Could Happen to You (1994), The Road to El Dorado (2000), Pineapple Express (2008), and Birds of Prey (2020).Perez earned three Primetime Emmy Award nominations for In Living Color (1990–1994) and another Emmy nomination for her work in The Flight Attendant (2020–present). She has performed in stage plays on Broadway such as The Ritz, Frankie and Johnny in the Clair de Lune, and Fish in the Dark. She was also a co-host on the ABC talk show The View during the series' 18th season.
<Israeli_Labor_Party>	The Israeli Labor Party (Hebrew: מִפְלֶגֶת הָעֲבוֹדָה הַיִּשְׂרְאֵלִית, romanized: Mifleget HaAvoda HaYisraelit (help·info)), commonly known as HaAvoda (Hebrew: הָעֲבוֹדָה, lit. 'The Labor'), is a social democratic and Zionist political party in Israel. The party was established in 1968 by a merger of Mapai, Ahdut HaAvoda, and Rafi. Until 1977, all Israeli Prime Ministers were affiliated with the Labor movement. The current party leader is Merav Michaeli, who was elected in January 2021.The Labor Party is associated with supporting the Israeli–Palestinian peace process, pragmatic foreign affairs policies and social-democratic economic policies. The party is a member of the Progressive Alliance and is an observer member of the Party of European Socialists. The party was also a member of the Socialist International until May 2020.
<Isleworth>	Isleworth (/ˈaɪzəlwərθ/ EYE-zəl-wərth) is a town located within the London Borough of Hounslow in West London, England. It lies immediately east of the town of Hounslow and west of the River Thames and its tributary the River Crane. Isleworth's original area of settlement, alongside the Thames, is known as 'Old Isleworth'. The north-west corner of the town, bordering on Osterley to the north and Lampton to the west, is known as 'Spring Grove'.
<Na_Gyung-che>	Na Gyung-che is the co-representative of the Justice Party in South Korea. He was a delegate of the Labor Party in South Korea.
<Vicki_L._Hanson>	Vicki Hanson FACM FRSE FBCS, is an American computer scientist noted for her research on human-computer interaction and accessibility and for her leadership in broadening participation in computing.She was named the Chief Executive Officer of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) in 2018 having served as its President from 2016 to 2018.Hanson was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 2020 for contributions to the design of accessible systems and for leadership in the computer science and engineering community.
<McKinsey_&_Company>	McKinsey & Company is a global management consulting firm founded in 1926 by University of Chicago professor James O. McKinsey, that offers professional services to corporations, governments, and other organizations. McKinsey is the oldest and largest of the "Big Three" management consultancies (MBB), the world's three largest strategy consulting firms by revenue. The firm mainly focuses on the finances and operations of their clients.Under the leadership of Marvin Bower, McKinsey expanded into Europe during the 1940s and 1950s. In the 1960s, McKinsey's Fred Gluck—along with Boston Consulting Group's Bruce Henderson, Bill Bain at Bain & Company, and Harvard Business School's Michael Porter—transformed corporate culture. A 1975 publication by McKinsey's John L. Neuman introduced the business practice of "overhead value analysis" that contributed to a downsizing trend that eliminated many jobs in middle management.
<Looking_Glass_Studios>	Looking Glass Studios, Inc. (formerly Blue Sky Productions and LookingGlass Technologies, Inc.) was an American video game developer based in Cambridge, Massachusetts. The company was founded by Paul Neurath with Ned Lerner as Blue Sky Productions in 1990, and merged with Lerner's Lerner Research in 1992 to become LookingGlass Technologies. Between 1997 and 1999, the company was part of AverStar, where it was renamed Looking Glass Studios. Following financial issues at Looking Glass, the studio shut down in May 2000. Notable productions by Looking Glass include the Ultima Underworld, System Shock and Thief series.Prior to founding Looking Glass, Paul Neurath worked with developer Origin Systems, while it was located in Southern New Hampshire, where he led the design on Space Rogue. Following the release of the game, Origin moved back to Texas, from which it originated, leaving Neurath with a studio, development tools and funding, using which he founded Blue Sky Productions in 1990 in Salem, New Hampshire. Ned Lerner, who had met Neurath in college, acted as founding partner for the company. Early on, Neurath hired Doug Church, a programmer from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, to aid with Blue Sky's first project. Church created a technological base for this first game, while Doug Wike, formerly of Origin Systems, created an animation sequence of a creature moving towards the player in real time. Blue Sky showcased a demonstration of their game at the 1990 Consumer Electronics Show, attracting Richard Garriot and Warren Spector of Origin, who signed them into a publishing deal. Origin provided Blue Sky with the license for their Ultima series, wherein the game received the name Ultima Underworld: The Stygian Abyss, and Blue Sky received US$30,000 in project funding. The production for Ultima Underworld, which released in 1992, would eventually cost $400,000.
<The_Blood_Oranges>	The Blood Oranges is a 1997 erotic drama film directed by Philip Haas and starring Sheryl Lee, James C Ronning, Laila Robins, Rachael Bella, and Aida López. It is based on the 1970 erotic cult novel The Blood Oranges by John Hawkes. The film depicts two western couples, one with children, coming together in the fictional Mediterranean village of Ilyria, and explores the perils of swinging between married couples.This article about an erotic film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Channel_4>	Channel 4 is a British free-to-air public broadcast television network. It began its transmission on 2 November 1982 and was established to provide a fourth television service in the United Kingdom. At the time, the only other channels were the licence-funded BBC One and BBC Two, and a single commercial broadcasting network ITV. The network's headquarters are based in London and  Leeds, with creative hubs in Glasgow and Bristol.It is publicly owned and advertising-funded; originally a subsidiary of the Independent Broadcasting Authority (IBA), the station is now owned and operated by Channel Four Television Corporation, a public corporation of the Department for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport, which was established in 1990 and came into operation in 1993. Until 2010, Channel 4 did not broadcast in Wales, but many of its programmes were re-broadcast there by the Welsh fourth channel S4C. In 2010, Channel 4 extended service into Wales and became a UK-wide television channel.
<Edgar_L._McCoubrey>	Edgar Louis McCoubrey (August 29, 1904 – February 19, 2001) was a Canadian-American automobile dealer and politician who was the 10th Mayor of Palm Springs, California.McCoubrey was born in St. John's, Newfoundland Colony. He emigrated to the United States on August 26, 1920, and became a naturalized citizen on February 6, 1940.McCoubrey began his automotive career in 1926 with GMAC (now Ally Financial) as a credit manager. In 1936, McCoubrey and his wife, Jean Lyon Daynes McCoubrey, acquired a dealership, Rubidoux Motor Co. (now Dutton Motor Co.), in Riverside, California, where they sold Oldsmobiles, Cadillacs and GMCs. The partners opened Palm Springs' Plaza Motors in 1938 with the same makes, adding Pontiac and Buick in 1996. A famous customer who got away was Elvis Presley. One day Elvis, dressed in his all black signature style, including black silk shirt, black leather jacket, and black wrap-around sunglasses, strolled into Plaza Motors and demanded a black Cadillac on the spot. "We explained that we didn't keep black cars in stock because of the desert climate," McCoubrey said. "He wanted it that day. We could order one for him, but he didn't want to wait."
<Books_of_Remembrance_(Canada)>	The eight Books of Remembrance (French: Livres du Souvenir) housed in the Memorial Chamber in the Peace Tower of the Canadian Parliament Buildings in Ottawa are illuminated manuscript volumes recording the names of members of the Canadian Forces and Canadian Merchant Navy killed on active service in wartime, and in other conflicts. There are eight separate books, beginning with the first to be commissioned listing the names of the dead from the First World War.The display case for the first book was designed by John A. Pearson, architect of the Peace Tower, and made by Bromsgrove Guild Limited (Great Britain) and Robert Mitchell Company in 1928. Made of bronze, enamel and other metals, it is decorated with four kneeling angels and a ribbon encircling a laurel. It rests on an altar of English Hoptonwood limestone that was a British gift to Canada, situated at the centre of the chamber. Later books are displayed on altars of Hoptonwood stone and bronze, decorated with poppies, located against the walls of the chamber.The pages of each of the Books are turned every day of the year at 11 a.m. by a constable of the Parliamentary Protective Service, so that every name is on display to visitors at least once during each calendar year.
<Australia>	Australia, officially the Commonwealth of Australia, is a sovereign country comprising the mainland of the Australian continent, the island of Tasmania, and numerous smaller islands. With an area of 7,617,930 square kilometres (2,941,300 sq mi), Australia is the largest country by area in Oceania and the world's sixth-largest country. Australia is the oldest, flattest, and driest inhabited continent, with the least fertile soils. It is a megadiverse country, and its size gives it a wide variety of landscapes and climates, with deserts in the centre, tropical rainforests in the north-east, and mountain ranges in the south-east.The ancestors of Aboriginal Australians began arriving from south east Asia approximately 65,000 years ago, during the last ice age. Arriving by sea, they settled the continent and had formed approximately 250 distinct language groups by the time of European settlement, maintaining some of the longest known continuing artistic and religious traditions in the world. Australia's written history commenced with the European maritime exploration of Australia. The Dutch navigator Willem Janszoon was the first known European to reach Australia, in 1606. In 1770, the British explorer James Cook mapped and claimed the east coast of Australia for Great Britain, and the First Fleet of British ships arrived at Sydney in 1788 to establish the penal colony of New South Wales. The European population grew in subsequent decades, and by the end of the 1850s gold rush, most of the continent had been explored by European settlers and an additional five self-governing British colonies established. Democratic parliaments were gradually established through the 19th century, culminating with a vote for the federation of the six colonies and foundation of the Commonwealth of Australia on 1 January 1901. Australia has since maintained a stable liberal democratic political system and wealthy market economy.
<Sunanda_Pushkar>	Sunanda Pushkar (27 June 1962 – 17 January 2014) was an Indian-born Canadian businesswoman and the wife of former International diplomat serving under the UN and politician Shashi Tharoor. She was a sales director in the Dubai-based TECOM Investments, and a co-owner of the India-based Rendezvous Sports World (RSW), a cricket franchise in the Indian Premier League.Sunanda Pushkar (née Dass) was born on 27 June 1962 in a Kashmiri Pandit family of landlords and army officers native to Bomai. She was the only daughter of Lt Col Pushkar Nath Dass and Jaya Dass. Her father retired from the army in 1983. She has two brothers, one of whom works for a global software company in Dubai; the other is in the Indian Army. The family moved from Bomai to Jammu in 1990, after their house was set on fire by Militants.
<Fred_Joseph>	Frederick H. "Fred" Joseph (1937—2009) was the former president and chief executive officer of the investment bank Drexel Burnham Lambert during the 1980s.The Wall Street Journal noted that he was, "The son of an orthodox Jewish cab driver and a dental hygienist, Mr. Joseph was born in 1937 and grew up in Dorchester, Massachusetts". While at Harvard, Joseph won several Harvard Boxing Club medals.In 1963, Joseph began his career in finance in the corporate finance department of E. F. Hutton working for John S.R. Shad.  Following Shad's departure from Hutton, Joseph left the firm as well to join Shearson, Hammill & Co.  By the early 1970s, Joseph was Shearson's chief operating officer, the number-two post in the firm.  However, in 1974, Shearson was acquired by Hayden, Stone & Co. and Joseph left the firm to join Drexel Burnham Lambert as co-head of corporate finance.  Although Drexel was only a second-tier firm at the time, Joseph had long wanted to get back into investment banking.  He boldly promised that in 10 years, Drexel would be as powerful as Goldman Sachs.  Although junk-bond chief Michael Milken was the most powerful man in the firm, it was Joseph who was named president in 1984 and CEO in 1985.  By this time, Drexel had more than fulfilled his bold promise, and had grown to become the fifth-largest investment bank in the nation.
<America_Hurrah>	America Hurrah is a satirical play by Jean-Claude van Itallie, which premiered at the Pocket Theatre in New York City on November 7, 1966. Directed by Jacques Levy and Joseph Chaikin, the play was an early expression of the burgeoning 1960s counterculture, expressing discontent with American consumerism and involvement in the Vietnam War. America Hurrah consists of three one-act plays: "Interview"; "TV"; and "Motel".[citation needed]Two of the one-acts were first presented at La MaMa Experimental Theatre Club in 1964 and 1965. Interview was directed by Peter Feldman, and Motel was directed by Michael Kahn. Interview had begun as an exercise at Chaikin's Open Theater.When the trilogy premiered in 1966, Interview was directed by Chaikin, and TV and Motel were directed by Levy. Stephanie Sills produced the trilogy, and incidental music was composed by Marianne de Pury and Fred Cantor. Ken Glickfeld was the stage manager, technical director, and lighting designer, and Tania Leontov designed the costumes with assistance from Beckie Cunningham.[citation needed]
<New_Zealand_Railways_Department>	The New Zealand Railways Department, NZR or NZGR (New Zealand Government Railways) and often known as the "Railways", was a government department charged with owning and maintaining New Zealand's railway infrastructure and operating the railway system. The Department was created in 1880 and was corporatised on 1 April 1982 into the New Zealand Railways Corporation. Originally, railway construction and operation took place under the auspices of the former provincial governments and some private railways, before all of the provincial operations came under the central Public Works Department. The role of operating the rail network was subsequently separated from that of the network's construction. From 1895 to 1993 there was a responsible Minister, the Minister of Railways. He was often also the Minister of Public Works.Apart from four brief experiments with independent boards, NZR remained under direct ministerial control for most of its history.
<Maynard_Dixon>	Maynard Dixon (January 24, 1875 – November 11, 1946) was an American artist. He was known for his paintings, and his body of work focused on the American West. Dixon is considered one of the finest artists having dedicated most of their art on the U.S. Southwestern cultures and landscapes at the end of the 19th-century and the first half of the 20th-century. Through his work with the Galerie Beaux Arts, a cooperative gallery in San Francisco, Dixon played a pivotal role insuring the West Coast supported the work of local, modern artists. He was married for a time to photographer Dorothea Lange, and later to painter Edith Hamlin. 
<Steve_Rushin>	The Caddie Was A Reindeer (2004)The Pint Man (2010)The 34-Ton Bat (2013)Steve Rushin is an American journalist, sportswriter and novelist. He was named the 2005 National Sportswriter of the Year by the National Sportscasters and Sportswriters Association, and is a four-time finalist for the National Magazine Award.
<Danielle_Feinberg>	Danielle Feinberg is an American cinematographer and Director of Photography for Lighting at Pixar Animation Studios. She directed lighting for the Academy Award-winning films WALL-E, Brave and Coco.Danielle Feinberg was born in Boulder, Colorado and graduated from Boulder High School. Growing up, she attended summer camps and after-school programs for students interested in computer programming and engineering. She attended Harvard University, where she was introduced to computer animation in a computer graphics course during her junior year. She graduated in 1996 with a Bachelor of Arts in computer science.After graduating from Harvard, she started working at Pixar in February 1997 as a technician managing the large libraries of data and images for rendering A Bug's Life. She has since been credited for leading work in visual effects, technical direction, and graphics.
<26_Years_Diary>	26 Years Diary (Japanese: あなたを忘れない Anata wo Wasurenai; Korean: 너를 잊지 않을거야 Neoreul Ijji Anheulgeoya; literally "I Won't Forget You") is a biopic that tells the story of Lee Su-hyon's  life and death.The film details the 26-year-old Korean student's experiences in Japan, including going to school and his developing romance with a Japanese student (played by Mākii). He died on January 21, 2001, along with a Japanese photographer, Shiro Sekine, while both were trying to save the life of a man who had fallen onto the tracks at the Shin-Ōkubo Station in Tokyo. The soundtrack of the movie is the song "Okizarisu" by High and Mighty Color.The film is based on a true story, Soo-hyun (Lee Taesung) travels from Korea, studying in Japan he meets Yuri (High and Mighty Color's lead singer, Maakii). Both share similar interests in music and sports as they become closer while dealing with language and racial barriers.
<Union_Investment>	Union Investment (German pronunciation: [uˌni̯oːn ɪnˈvɛstmɛnt] (listen); formal name Union Asset Management Holding AG) is the investment arm of the DZ Bank Group and part of the cooperative financial services network. It was founded in 1956 and is headquartered in Frankfurt.Trading in open-end funds occurs in part through the 1,101 credit unions in Germany (Volksbanken Raiffeisenbanken Co-operative, including Sparda-Banks, PSD-banks, etc.) and in part through the external services of Bausparkasse Schwäbisch Hall AG, DZ Bank Group's building society.The primary shareholders in Union Investment are DZ Bank with 54.44% and WGZ Bank (the central bank of the credit unions in the Rhineland and Westphalia) with 17.72%. Other shareholders include BBBank and the credit unions through their membership associations.
<Edith_Atwater>	Edith Atwater (April 22, 1911 – March 14, 1986) was an American stage, film, and television actress.Born in Chicago, Atwater made her Broadway debut in 1933. In 1939, she starred in The Man Who Came to Dinner. Her film career included roles in The Body Snatcher (1945), Sweet Smell of Success (1957), It Happened at the World's Fair (1963), Strait-Jacket (1964), Strange Bedfellows (1965), True Grit (1969), The Love Machine (1971), Die Sister, Die! (1972), Mackintosh and T.J. (1975), and Family Plot (1976).
<Rochdale_A.F.C.>	Rochdale Association Football Club is a professional football club based in the town of Rochdale, Greater Manchester, England. The team currently compete in League Two, the fourth tier of the English football league system. Nicknamed 'The Dale', they have played home matches at Spotland Stadium since 1920 and contest derby matches with nearby Bury.Founded in 1907, Rochdale entered the Lancashire Combination and after securing promotion out of Division Two in 1909–10 they won the Division One title in 1910–11 and 1911–12. They then switched to the Central League, before being invited into the Football League when the Third Division North was created in 1921. The club remained in the division for 47 years but were relegated out of the new nationwide Third Division in 1959. They reached the League Cup final in 1962 and secured promotion out of the Fourth Division in 1968–69. Relegated in 1974, Rochdale remained in the fourth tier for 36 seasons after unsuccessful play-off campaigns in 2002, 2008 and 2009. The club finally secured promotion in 2009–10 and following relegation in 2012 were again promoted out of League Two in 2013–14, but were relegated back to League Two in 2020–21.
<Moira_Shearer>	Moira Shearer King, Lady Kennedy (17 January 1926 – 31 January 2006), was an internationally renowned Scottish ballet dancer and actress. She was famous for her performances in Powell and Pressburger's  The Red Shoes (1948), The Tales of Hoffman (1951) and Michael Powell's Peeping Tom (1960). She has been portrayed on screen by Shannon Davidson in the award-winning short film Òran na h-Eala (2022) which explores her life changing decision to appear in The Red Shoes.She was born Moira Shearer King at Morton Lodge in Dunfermline, Fife , Scotland, in 1926, the only child of civil engineer Harold Charles King and Margaret Crawford Reid, née Shearer. In 1931 her family moved to Ndola, Northern Rhodesia, where her father worked as a civil engineer and where she received her first dancing training under a former pupil of Enrico Cecchetti. She returned to Britain in 1936 and trained with Flora Fairbairn in London for a few months before she was accepted as a pupil by the Russian teacher Nicholas Legat. At his studio she met Mona Inglesby who gave Shearer a part in her new ballet Endymion, presented at an all star matinee at the Cambridge Theatre in 1938. After three years with Legat, she joined the Sadler's Wells Ballet School. After the outbreak of World War II, her parents took her to live in Scotland. She joined Mona Inglesby's International Ballet for its 1941 provincial tour and West End season before moving on to Sadler's Wells in 1942.
<Stanley_Rogers_Resor>	Stanley Rogers Resor (December 5, 1917 – April 17, 2012) was an American lawyer, military officer, and government official.Born in New York City, he was the son of Helen Lansdowne Resor and Stanley B. Resor (pronounced REE-zor), president of the J. W. Thompson advertising agency and one of the originators of the modern advertising industry. While still a teenager he changed his name from Stanley Burnet Resor Jr. to Stanley Rogers Resor.After attending the Groton School, Resor attended Yale University, where he was tapped to join Scroll and Key. He graduated in 1939 and went on to Yale Law School where he was a contemporary of Sargent Shriver (also a member of Scroll and Key), Gerald Ford, and Cyrus Vance (who preceded him as Secretary of the Army and himself was a member of Scroll and Key and in the same year at Yale). Resor's education was interrupted by service as an Army officer in World War II (1942–1946), where he was awarded the Silver Star, Bronze Star, and the Purple Heart.
<Michael_Fisher>	Michael Ellis Fisher (3 September 1931 – 26 November 2021) was an English physicist, as well as chemist and mathematician, known for his many seminal contributionsto statistical physics, including but not restricted to the theory of phase transitions and critical phenomena.  He was the Horace White Professor of Chemistry, Physics, and Mathematics at Cornell University.  Later he moved to the University of Maryland College of Computer, Mathematical, and Natural Sciences, where he was University System of Maryland Regents Professor, a Distinguished University Professor and Distinguished Scholar-Teacher.Michael E. Fisher received his BSc from King's College London in 1951, where he also earned a PhD in physics in 1957, studying analogue computing under Donald MacCrimmon MacKay. He was appointed to the faculty as a lecturer the following year, becoming a full professor in 1965.
<Justin_Foxton>	Justin Fox Greenlaw Foxton CMG (24 September 1849 – 23 June 1916) was an Australian barrister and politician. He served in the Queensland Legislative Assembly from 1883 to 1904 and held ministerial office in several liberal governments. He later represented the seat of Brisbane in federal parliament (1906–1910) and was a minister without portfolio under Alfred Deakin. He was a long-serving member of Queensland's colonial militia and gained the rank of colonel.Foxton was born in Melbourne on 24 September 1849. He was the son of Isabel Elizabeth (née Potts) and John Greenlaw Foxton. His father was a sea captain who arrived in the Port Phillip District in 1841.
<Charles_Brigham>	Charles Brigham (June 21, 1841 – July 1925) was an American architect based in Boston, Massachusetts.Brigham was born, raised, and educated in Watertown, Massachusetts schools and graduated at age 15 in 1856 in the first class of Watertown High School. He had no formal education in architecture.He apprenticed to Calvin Ryder and later to Boston architect Gridley J.F. Bryant.  Brigham served as a sergeant in the Union Army during the American Civil War, then returned to working with Bryant.  In 1866, Brigham and John Hubbard Sturgis formed a partnership which lasted 20 year.  In that times the firm was recognized for its innovative and groundbreaking designs, including the original building for the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston.
<Martin_Van_Buren>	Martin Van Buren (/væn ˈbjʊərən/ van BYURE-ən; Dutch: Maarten van Buren; Dutch pronunciation: [ˈmaːrtə(n) vɑn ˈbyːrə(n)] ; December 5, 1782 – July 24, 1862) was an American lawyer and statesman who served as the eighth president of the United States from 1837 to 1841. A primary founder of the Democratic Party, he served as New York's attorney general, U.S. senator, then briefly as the ninth governor of New York before joining Andrew Jackson's administration as the tenth United States secretary of state, minister to the United Kingdom, and ultimately the eighth vice president of the United States when named Jackson's running mate for the 1832 election. Van Buren won the presidency in 1836, lost re-election in 1840, and failed to win the Democratic nomination in 1844. Later in his life, Van Buren emerged as an elder statesman and an important anti-slavery leader who led the Free Soil Party ticket in the 1848 presidential election.Van Buren was born in Kinderhook, New York, where most residents were of Dutch descent and spoke Dutch as their primary language. He was the first president to have been born after the American Revolution — in which his father served as a patriot — and is the only president to have spoken English as a second language. Trained as a lawyer, he entered politics as a member of the Democratic-Republican Party, won a seat in the New York State Senate, and was elected to the United States Senate in 1821. As the leader of the Bucktails faction, Van Buren emerged as the most influential politician from New York in the 1820s and established a political machine known as the Albany Regency.
<Tsinghua_University>	Tsinghua University (simplified Chinese: 清华大学; traditional Chinese: 清華大學; pinyin: qīnghuá dàxué; abbr. THU) is a national public research university in Beijing, China. The university is funded by the Ministry of Education.The university is a member of the C9 League, Double First Class University Plan, Project 985, and Project 211. Since its establishment in 1911, it has produced many notable leaders in science, engineering, politics, business, academia, and culture.
<Rockefeller_University>	The Rockefeller University is a private biomedical research and graduate-only university in New York City, New York. It focuses primarily on the biological and medical sciences and provides doctoral and postdoctoral education. It is classified among "R2: Doctoral Universities – High research activity." Rockefeller is the oldest biomedical research institute in the United States. In 2018, the faculty included 82 tenured and tenure-track members, including 37 members of the National Academy of Sciences, 17 members of the National Academy of Medicine, seven Lasker Award recipients, and five Nobel laureates. As of March 2022, a total of 26 Nobel laureates have been affiliated with Rockefeller University.
<HNA_Building>	The HNA Building (Chinese: 新海航大厦; pinyin: XīnHǎiháng Dàshà), also known as the New Haihang Building or Xin Haihang Dasha, is the headquarters for Hainan Airlines and the HNA Group. It is located at the west end of Guoxing Avenue on the north side of the road, in Haikou, Hainan, China.Side viewRear view
<Man_About_the_House>	Man About the House is a British sitcom created by Brian Cooke and Johnnie Mortimer that starred Richard O'Sullivan, Paula Wilcox, Sally Thomsett, Yootha Joyce and Brian Murphy. Six series were broadcast on ITV from 15 August 1973 to 7 April 1976. The series was considered daring at the time because it featured a man sharing a London flat with two single women. The show was made by Thames Television and recorded at its Teddington studio in Greater London. It is regularly repeated on ITV3.Two spin-off series were later made: George and Mildred and Robin's Nest. In 2004, Man About the House placed 69th in a poll to find Britain's Best Sitcom. The series was remade in the United States as Three's Company in 1977. A film version was released in 1974.
<Mauro_Icardi>	Mauro Emanuel Icardi Rivero  (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈmawɾo emaˈnwel iˈkaɾði ri'βeɾo]; born 19 February 1993) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a striker for Süper Lig club Galatasaray, on loan from Ligue 1 club Paris Saint-Germain.Icardi began his footballing career at the youth teams of Vecindario and passed through La Masia, the youth system of La Liga club Barcelona, before moving to Serie A club Sampdoria to begin his professional career in 2012. After an impressive season, he joined Inter Milan in July 2013, where he developed into one of the most prolific strikers in Europe. Icardi won the Capocannoniere in both the 2014–15 and 2017–18 seasons, and was named the captain of Inter in 2015, at age 22. Three years later, Icardi was integral for Inter reaching a place in the UEFA Champions League, their first time in six years, as he became the club's eighth-highest goalscorer of all time. In 2019, Icardi signed for Paris Saint-Germain on an initial one-year loan deal, where he won a domestic treble. He then joined the club permanently in a €50 million deal.
<The_Unprofessionals>	The Unprofessionals, also stylized as The Unprofessionals: A Novel, is the debut novel of American author Julie Hecht. The work was first published on September 2, 2003 through Random House and was reprinted in paperback in 2008 through Simon & Schuster. The book follows Isabelle, a freelance photographer first introduced in Hecht's 1997 short story collection Do the Windows Open?.Swiftly approaching her fiftieth year, Isabelle (who is never referred to by name in the novel) finds that she's becoming disconnected from the world around her and has increasing difficulty finding her purpose in life. Her only real outlet is her friendship with a young man she met years ago during a photoshoot with his father, a wealthy and powerful surgeon.Critical reception for The Unprofessionals has been positive. Richard Eder of the New York Times praised the work, comparing Hecht's writing to that of J. D. Salinger and stating that it had "beautifully contoured reflections". The Chicago Times also wrote a favorable review, writing that it was "a corrosive sendup of the way we live now, spun out by a modern loner who happens to be every bit as distressing as the benighted, T-shirt-wearing masses she rails against."
<Ladykiller_in_a_Bind>	My Twin Brother Made Me Crossdress as Him and Now I Have to Deal with a Geeky Stalker and a Domme Beauty Who Want Me in a Bind!!, or Ladykiller in a Bind, is a 2016 erotic visual novel by Love Conquers All Games, with writing and programming by Christine Love and art by Raide. It is described as "an erotic romantic comedy about social manipulation, crossdressing, and girls tying up other girls".The player takes the role of an 18-year-old woman, who is manipulated by her twin brother to impersonate him during a senior class cruise, where she is to win a popularity contest. As she interacts with fellow students during the seven days of the cruise, she may in turn manipulate and seduce them, often through BDSM scenes.Some scenes feature nudity or sex. However, options to skip sex scenes and cover up nude protagonists with Christmas pullovers are available. In January 2017, Christine Love released a patch that changed a scene that had been the subject of much criticism by players and reviewers. In that scene, the player character had been made subject to nonconsensual sexual humiliation by a man.
<Chop_Chop_(horse)>	Chop Chop (1940-1963) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who was inducted in the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame. He was sired by Flares, a son of U.S. Triple Crown winner Gallant Fox and a full brother to U.S. Triple Crown winner Omaha. Flares raced in England with considerable success for owner William Woodward Sr., counting the Ascot Gold Cup, Champion Stakes and Princess of Wales's Stakes among his wins.Purchased as a yearling for $4,100 by Josephine Douglas of Oyster Bay, New York, Chop Chop saw his racing career cut short due to an injury. From eleven starts, he won four times and finished out of the money once. His most important wins came in the 1942 Endurance Handicap at Bowie Race Track in Bowie, Maryland and the 1943 Empire City Handicap at New York's Jamaica Race Course, in which he beat Princequillo in track record time.Retired to stud duty, Chop Chop was sent to a breeding farm in Kentucky but in 1945 was leased by Gil Darlington, owner of Trafalgar Farm near Oakville, Ontario. Not given much consideration by most in the racing industry, Chop Chop did not attract any top-quality mares for breeding. As a result, his first five years in Canada showed no significant offspring until after he was sold, when Chain Reaction began winning major races in 1953.
<Tulsa,_Oklahoma>	Tulsa (/ˈtʌlsə/) is the second-largest city in the state of Oklahoma and 47th-most populous city in the United States. The population was 413,066 as of the 2020 census. It is the principal municipality of the Tulsa Metropolitan Area, a region with 1,023,988 residents. The city serves as the county seat of Tulsa County, the most densely populated county in Oklahoma, with urban development extending into Osage, Rogers, and Wagoner counties.Tulsa was settled between 1828 and 1836 by the Lochapoka Band of Creek Native American tribe and most of Tulsa is still part of the territory of the Muscogee (Creek) Nation.
<True_Blood>	True Blood is an American fantasy horror drama television series produced and created by Alan Ball. It is based on The Southern Vampire Mysteries, a series of novels by Charlaine Harris. A reboot is currently in development.The series revolves around Sookie Stackhouse (Anna Paquin), a telepathic waitress living in the fictional rural town of Bon Temps, Louisiana. It is set two years after the invention of a synthetic blood product branded "Tru Blood" that has allowed vampires to "come out of the coffin" and let their presence be known to mankind. It chronicles the vampires' struggle for equal rights and assimilation while anti-vampire organizations begin to gain power. Sookie's world is turned upside down when she falls in love with 174-year-old vampire Bill Compton (Stephen Moyer), and for the first time, she must navigate the trials and terrors of intimacy and relationships.The show was broadcast on the premium cable network HBO, in the United States, and was produced by HBO in association with Ball's production company, Your Face Goes Here Entertainment. The series premiered on September 7, 2008, and concluded on August 24, 2014, comprising seven seasons and 80 episodes. The first five seasons received highly positive reviews, and both nominations and wins for several awards, including a Golden Globe and an Emmy.
<Akron,_Ohio>	Akron (/ˈækrən/) is the fifth-largest city in the U.S. state of Ohio and is the county seat of Summit County. It is located on the western edge of the Glaciated Allegheny Plateau, about 40 miles (64 km) south of downtown Cleveland. As of the 2020 Census, the city proper had a total population of 190,469, making it the 125th largest city in the United States. The Akron metropolitan area, covering Summit and Portage counties, had an estimated population of 703,505.The city was founded in 1825 by Simon Perkins and Paul Williams, along the Little Cuyahoga River at the summit of the developing Ohio and Erie Canal. The name is derived from the Ancient Greek word ἄκρον : ákron signifying a summit or high point. It was briefly renamed South Akron after Eliakim Crosby founded nearby North Akron in 1833, until both merged into an incorporated village in 1836. In the 1910s, Akron doubled in population, making it the nation's fastest-growing city.
<Marcos_García_Barreno>	Marcos García Barreno (born 21 March 1987), known as Marquitos, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Ibiza Islas Pitiusas as a midfielder.Born in Sant Antoni de Portmany, Ibiza, Balearic Islands, Marquitos was a product of Villarreal CF's youth system, and he made his first-team debut on 24 September 2006 in a 3–2 home win against Real Zaragoza. During the season he was an important attacking weapon for the fifth-placed side in La Liga and, in two starts, scored goals in home victories over Real Madrid (1–0) and FC Barcelona (2–0), playing 90 minutes on both occasions.However, Marquitos would be loaned for 2007–08 to Recreativo de Huelva also in the top division, where he only appeared in half of the campaign's matches, with a goal against Real Murcia (4–2 home win). He returned to Villarreal only to be immediately loaned again, to Segunda División's Real Sociedad; he featured heavily during this spell, but the Basque team failed to achieve a top-flight return.
<Der_Handschuh_(Waterhouse)>	Der Handschuh (The Glove) is a composition by Graham Waterhouse. He wrote the setting of Friedrich Schiller's ballad for cello and speaking voice in 2005. It was published in 2007 in Heinrichshofen's Verlag.Graham Waterhouse composed Der Handschuh in 2005, as a kind of melodrama in the tradition of spoken narrative to instrumental accompaniment, such as ballads by Robert Schumann and Richard Strauss, a crucial scene of Weber's opera Der Freischütz and 20th century settings by Schoenberg, William Walton, Henze and Poulenc's L'Histoire de Babar, le petit éléphant. It is the composer's first major work for the combination of Sprechstimme (speaking voice) and his instrument, the cello. Until then he had occasionally set texts to music for the unusual scoring. In 1995 he wrote Vezza, a limerick on whether/weather as a German might pronounce it, recorded in 2002 with the composer speaking and playing. In 2001 he set Flohlied (Song of the Flea), the satirical song from Goethe's Faust I, to music, published by Heinrichshofen's Verlag. The final poem of his song cycle Sechs späteste Lieder (six latest songs, 2003) after Friedrich Hölderlin for mezzo-soprano and cello is spoken.
<Gary_Barnett>	Gary Lee Barnett (born May 23, 1946) is a former American football player and coach. He served as the head coach at Fort Lewis College (1982–1983), Northwestern University (1992–1998), and the University of Colorado at Boulder (1999–2005), compiling a career college football record of 92–94–2.  His 1995 Northwestern team won the Big Ten Conference title, the first for the program since 1936, and played in the school's first Rose Bowl since 1949.  At Colorado, Barnett was suspended briefly in the 2004 offseason due to events stemming from allegations of sexual misconduct by several members of the football team.Barnett attended Parkway Central High School in Chesterfield, Missouri, and graduated from the University of Missouri in 1969 with a bachelor's degree in social studies. He continued on to get his master's degree in 1971 in education. Barnett played wide receiver for Missouri from 1966 to 1969. He lettered his senior year under coach Dan Devine.
<Propaganda_Films>	Propaganda Films was an American music video and film production company founded in 1986 by producers Steve Golin and Sigurjón Sighvatsson and directors David Fincher, Nigel Dick,  Dominic Sena and Greg Gold. By 1990, the company was producing almost a third of all music videos made in the U.S.As the name suggests, the production company was founded with the intent to focus on the medium of films; those that Golin and Sighvatsson couldn't get enough financing and creative control for elsewhere. However, in order to create financial stability the company focused on a base of music video production. The company also branched off into producing television commercials, which along with music videos were considered inherently lesser quality than films. Gold later commented:
<Esporte_Clube_Bahia>	Esporte Clube Bahia (Portuguese pronunciation: [isˈpɔʁtʃi ˈklubi baˈi.ɐ]), known familiarly as Bahia, is a Brazilian professional football club, based in Salvador, capital city of the Brazilian state of Bahia. They play in the Campeonato Baiano, Bahia's state league, and the Campeonato Brasileiro Série B, Brazil's second tier league.Bahia has won the Brasileirão title twice: in the 1959 season, defeating the Santos' Santásticos which contained figures such as Gilmar, Mauro, Mengálvio, Coutinho, Pepe and Pelé, in the finals and in the 1988 season Bahia edged Internacional. Bahia has only appeared in the Copa Libertadores three times, reaching the quarterfinals in 1989, Bahia's best-ever performance. The club has also won their state title a record 49 times.
<F.C._Alverca>	Futebol Clube de Alverca is a Portuguese football club based in Alverca do Ribatejo, Vila Franca de Xira. It currently plays in the Portuguese 3rd Division.F.C. Alverca was founded on 1 September 1939.After many decades in the lower levels of Portuguese football, Alverca was promoted to the top level in 1998, and played there in four of the next five editions, also coming back for 2003–04, which also ended in relegation; during most of this time, the club acted as feeder club to S.L. Benfica. Alverca played one more year in level two, before folding for financial reasons, in 2005.
<José_Ángel_Crespo>	José Ángel Crespo Rincón (born 9 February 1987) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Cypriot First Division club APOEL. Mainly a central defender, he also can play as a full-back.He made 74 La Liga appearances for Sevilla, Racing Santander, Córdoba and Rayo Vallecano, and also had brief spells in Serie A with Bologna and the Premier League with Aston Villa. He won a Super League and four cups with Greece's PAOK.
<Richard_Axel>	Richard Axel (born July 2, 1946) is an American molecular biologist and university professor in the Department of Neuroscience at Columbia University and investigator at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute. His work on the olfactory system won him and Linda Buck, a former postdoctoral research scientist in his group, the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2004.Born in New York City to Polish Jewish immigrants, Axel grew up in Brooklyn. He graduated from Stuyvesant High School in 1963,(along with Bruce Bueno de Mesquita and Alexander Rosenberg), received his B.A. in 1967 from Columbia University, and his M.D. in 1971 from Johns Hopkins University. He returned to Columbia later that year and eventually became a full professor in 1978.During the late 1970s, Axel, along with microbiologist Saul J. Silverstein and geneticist Michael H. Wigler, discovered a technique of cotransformation via transfection, a process which allows foreign DNA to be inserted into a host cell to produce certain proteins.A family of patents, now colloquially referred to as the "Axel patents", covering this technique were filed for February 1980 and were issued in August 1983. As a fundamental process in recombinant DNA research as performed at pharmaceutical and biotech companies, this patent proved quite lucrative for Columbia University, earning it almost $100 million a year at one time, and a top spot on the list of top universities by licensing revenue. The Axel patents expired in August 2000.
<Shelbourne_F.C.>	Shelbourne Football Club (Irish: Cumann Peile Shíol Bhroin) is an Irish association football club based in Drumcondra, Dublin, who play in the League of Ireland Premier Division.Shelbourne were founded in Dublin in 1895. In 1904 the club joined the Irish Football League, which was then an all Ireland competition, before becoming founding members of the League of Ireland in 1921. Shelbourne have won the league 13 times and are one of three clubs to have won both the IFA Cup and the FAI Cup. They play their home matches at Tolka Park, in the Dublin suburb of Drumcondra. The club colours are primarily red and white, with home jerseys being predominantly red. "Shels" is the club's most common nickname, an abbreviation of Shelbourne.
<Simon_Ramo>	Simon "Si" Ramo (May 7, 1913 – June 27, 2016) was an American engineer, businessman, and author. He led development of microwave and missile technology and is sometimes known as the father of the intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM). He also developed General Electric's electron microscope. He played prominent roles in the formation of two Fortune 500 companies, Ramo-Wooldridge (TRW after 1958) and Bunker Ramo Corporation (now part of Honeywell).Ramo was born in Salt Lake City, Utah, the son of Clara (Trestman) and Benjamin Ramo. His father was a Polish Jewish immigrant and his mother was a Russian Jewish immigrant. He entered the University of Utah at the age of 16, where he joined Theta Tau Professional Engineering Fraternity and earned a B.S. in electrical engineering at the age of 20. By 1936, at the age of 23, he had earned dual PhD degrees from Caltech in physics and electrical engineering.
<Ravensburger>	Ravensburger AG is a German game and toy company, publishing house and market leader in the European jigsaw puzzle market.The company was founded by Otto Robert Maier with seat in Ravensburg, a town in Upper Swabia in southern Germany. He began publishing in 1883 with his first author contract. He started publishing instruction folders for craftsmen and architects, which soon acquired him a solid financial basis. His first board game appeared in 1884, named Journey Around the World.At the turn of the 20th century, his product line broadened to include picture books, books, children’s activity books, art instruction manuals, non-fiction books, and reference books as well as children’s games, Happy Families, and activity kits. In 1900, the Ravensburger blue triangle trademark was registered with the Imperial patent office. As of 1912, many board and activity games had an export version that was distributed to Western Europe, the countries of the Danube Monarchy as well as Russia.
<The_Railway_Children_(band)>	The Railway Children are a British new wave band, formed in Wigan in 1984, by Gary Newby (songwriter/vocals/guitar/keyboards), Brian Bateman (rhythm/guitar), Guy Keegan (drums), and Stephen Hull (bass).Factory Records recorded their debut single "A Gentle Sound" in 1986. This was followed by their first album, Reunion Wilderness in 1987, which topped the UK Indie Chart. They left Factory shortly afterwards and were signed to Virgin Records.
<Wales_national_under-17_football_team>	The Wales national under-17 football team is the national under-17 football team of Wales and is controlled by the Football Association of Wales. The team competes in the UEFA European Under-17 Championship held every year.Wales hosted the qualification round games for their group on 22, 24 and 27 October 2015. Wales qualified for the Elite Round as one of the five best third-placed teams from the Qualification Round.
<University_of_North_Florida>	The University of North Florida (UNF) is a public research university in Jacksonville, Florida. It is part of the State University System of Florida and is accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools to award baccalaureate, masters, and doctorate degrees. Its campus comprises 1,300 acres amid a natural preserve on Jacksonville's Southside. It is classified among "R2: Doctoral Universities – High research activity".UNF was established in 1965 and began offering classes in 1972. UNF was initially designated an upper division college for juniors and seniors. It began admitting freshmen in 1984. UNF is organized into six colleges, five of which offer undergraduate and graduate degree programs, including doctoral degree programs, with noted business, coastal biology, nursing, nutrition, and music programs. Most students reside off campus, though there are six areas of on-campus housing. In 2006, the Social Sciences building became the first facility to be LEED-certified in northeast Florida, as well as the first "green" building on campus. As of 2010, five buildings on campus have been certified by the U.S. Green Building Council.The university has over 200 clubs and organizations for students as well as an active student government and Greek life. The student-run newspaper The Spinnaker is published monthly. The university's intercollegiate athletics teams are known as the Ospreys, and are members of the ASUN Conference in NCAA Division I.
<Leslie_Mann>	Leslie Jean Mann (born March 26, 1972) is an American actress. She has appeared in numerous films, including The Cable Guy (1996), George of the Jungle (1997), Big Daddy (1999), Knocked Up (2007), 17 Again (2009), Funny People (2009), This Is 40 (2012), Blockers (2018) and Croods: A New Age (2020).Mann was born in San Francisco, California, and grew up in Newport Beach. She was raised by her mother, Janet, who led design and quality programs for eight years at Ayres Hotel group. Mann has stated of her father, "My dad is...I don't really have one. I mean, he does exist, but I have zero relationship with him." She has two siblings and three older step-brothers. Her maternal grandmother, Sadie Viola Heljä Räsänen, was the daughter of Finnish immigrants.
<Edward_Charles_Bassett>	Edward Charles "Chuck" Bassett (1921–1999) was an American architect based in San Francisco.Edward Charles Bassett was born on September 12, 1921 in Port Huron, Michigan. Between high school and college Bassett worked for his father’s architectural firm. Bassett earned his B.S. in Architecture from the University of Michigan Ann Arbor. He continued his education at Cranbrook Academy of art in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, earning a Master of Art in Architecture in 1951.  Bassett was a Fellow at the American Academy in Rome in 1970. He served as design partner in the San Francisco office of Skidmore, Owings and Merrill for 26 years, from 1955 through his retirement in 1981. He was elected into the National Academy of Design as an Associate member in 1970, and became a full member in 1990.
<Niki_de_Saint_Phalle>	Niki de Saint Phalle (French pronunciation: ​[niki d(ə) sɛ̃ fal]; born Catherine Marie-Agnès Fal de Saint Phalle; 29 October 1930 – 21 May 2002) was a French-American sculptor, painter, filmmaker, and author of colorful hand-illustrated books. Widely noted as one of the few female monumental sculptors, Saint Phalle was also known for her social commitment and work.She had a difficult and traumatic childhood and a much-disrupted education, which she wrote about many decades later. After an early marriage and two children, she began creating art in a naïve, experimental style. She first received worldwide attention for angry, violent assemblages which had been shot by firearms. These evolved into Nanas, light-hearted, whimsical, colorful, large-scale sculptures of animals, monsters, and female figures. Her most comprehensive work was the Tarot Garden, a large sculpture garden containing numerous works ranging up to house-sized creations.Saint Phalle's idiosyncratic style has been called "outsider art"; she had no formal training in art, but associated freely with many other contemporary artists, writers, and composers. Her books and abundant correspondence were written and brightly-colored in a childish style, but throughout her lifetime she addressed many controversial and important global problems in the bold way which children often question and call out unacceptable neglect.
<FC_Politehnica_Timișoara>	Fotbal Club Politehnica Timișoara (Romanian pronunciation: [poliˈtehnika timiˈʃo̯ara]), commonly known as Politehnica Timișoara or simply Poli Timișoara, was a Romanian football club from Timișoara, Timiș County, established in 1921 and dissolved in 2012. During its existence, the team won two Cupa României trophies and was twice runner-up in the Liga I. It amassed 49 seasons in the latter competition.Named after and initially run by the Polytechnic University of Timișoara, the club was founded in 1921 by mathematician Traian Lalescu. After two decades spent in the regional leagues, Politehnica promoted to the top flight in 1948. It claimed its first trophy in the 1957–58 season, when it defeated Progresul București in the national cup final. Internationally, "the White-Violets" made their European debut in the 1978–79 UEFA Cup, when they went past MTK Hungária in the first round.
<Canonero_II>	Triple Crown Race wins:Kentucky Derby (1971) Preakness Stakes (1971)Cañonero II (April 24, 1968 – November 11, 1981) was a Venezuelan champion Thoroughbred race horse that may be best remembered for winning the first two legs of the 1971 U.S. Triple Crown, the Kentucky Derby and the Preakness Stakes. After the spectacular win at the Derby,  Dr. And Mrs. Robert Brown, daughters Bonnie and Jennifer treated the Jockey, owners, and trainer to sumptuous dinner.Bred by Edward B. Benjamin in Greensboro, North Carolina, the bay colt was born with a noticeably crooked foreleg, so was considered to have no future in racing. He was sold as a yearling for $1,200 at the Keeneland Sales to  Venezuelan breeders Ramon Echegaray and Luis Navas. Purchased by Edgar Caibett, the horse was shipped to his owners native Venezuela, where he earned an undistinguished record racing as a two-year-old in La Rinconada Hippodrome.
<Holmen_(company)>	Holmen AB is a Swedish company which bases its business in the forest industry and the pulp and paper industry. Holmen's main products are paperboard for consumer packaging and graphical applications. Printing paper for magazines, supplements, direct mail, directories, books and newspapers. They also produce sawn timber for flooring, window components, furniture or construction.Holmen was originally called Mo och Domsjö AB (MoDo), a Swedish company created in 1874. Carl Kempe (1799-1872), a Pomeranian-born merchant, originally partnered with his brother-in-law, but was from 1836 single owner of a sawmill in Mo, at the river Moälven, near Örnsköldsvik in northern Sweden. Carl Kempe later established a steam-powered sawmill at Domsjö on Moälven. The latter has been running as an independent company called Domsjö Fabriker since 2000, and in 2011 it was acquired by India's Aditya Birla Group.The company Mo och Domsjö AB was created in 1874 by Carl Kempe's sons from these holdings, among several other industries controlled by the Kempe family. It was led at various times by the brothers Bernhard (1830-1908), Wilhelm and Frans Kempe (1847-1924) and remained in the control of the Kempe family for most of the next century.
<MCM_Group>	MCM Groupe (French: Groupe MCM) is a French television company, owned by Groupe M6, one of the largest media companies in Europe.MCM Group manages all the music television channels of M6 Group:
<Nevill_Francis_Mott>	Sir Nevill Francis Mott CH FRS (30 September 1905 – 8 August 1996) was a British physicist who won the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1977 for his work on the electronic structure of magnetic and disordered systems, especially amorphous semiconductors. The award was shared with Philip W. Anderson and J. H. Van Vleck. The three had conducted loosely related research. Mott and Anderson clarified the reasons why magnetic or amorphous materials can sometimes be metallic and sometimes insulating.Mott was born in Leeds to Lilian Mary Reynolds and Charles Francis Mott and grew up first in the village of Giggleswick, in the West Riding of Yorkshire, where his father was Senior Science Master at Giggleswick School.  His mother also taught Maths at the School.  The family moved (due to his father's jobs) first to Staffordshire, then to Chester and finally Liverpool, where his father had been appointed Director of Education. Mott was at first educated at home by his mother, who was a Cambridge Mathematics Tripos graduate. His parents had met in the Cavendish Laboratory, when both were engaged in physics research. At age ten, he began formal education at Clifton College in Bristol, followed by study at St John's College, Cambridge, where he read the Mathematics Tripos.[citation needed]
<Canon_Inc.>	Canon Inc. (キヤノン株式会社, Kyanon kabushiki gaisha) is a Japanese multinational corporation headquartered in Ōta, Tokyo, Japan, specializing in optical, imaging, and industrial products, such as lenses, cameras, medical equipment, scanners, printers, and semiconductor manufacturing equipment.Canon has a primary listing on the Tokyo Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the TOPIX Core30 and Nikkei 225 index. It has a secondary listing on the New York Stock Exchange.
<ATV_(Turkey)>	ATV (stylized as atv) is a Turkish free-to-air television network owned by Turkuvaz Media Group.It was launched in September 1993. ATV is an acronym of Actual Television (Aktüel Televizyonu). As of August 2013, ATV was Turkey's most popular channel with a market share of 22%.ATV was founded by Sabah Group, who is the original owner of the channel. The channel changed its ownership to Ciner Media Group in 2002 and TMSF in 2007. ATV was owned by Çalık Holding's Turkuvaz Media Group, but in 2013, its ownership changed again to Kalyon Group.This article about a television station in Turkey is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Udinese_Calcio>	Udinese Calcio, commonly referred to as Udinese, is a professional Italian football club based in Udine, Friuli-Venezia Giulia, that currently plays in Serie A. It was founded on 30 November 1896 as a sports club, and on 5 July 1911 as a football club.The traditional team home kit is black and white striped shirt, black shorts, and white socks. The club broadcasts on channel 110 (Udinese Channel) on digital terrestrial television in the north-east of Italy. It has many fans in Friuli and the surrounding areas.
<José_Reinaldo_Tavares>	José Reinaldo Carneiro Tavares (born March 19, 1939) is a Brazilian engineer and politician. He served as governor of Maranhão, from 2002 to 2007. Was minister of Transport (1986–1990) on gubernatorial of Sarney. Tavares serves as federal deputy.This article about a Brazilian politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Kishore_Kumar>	Kishore Kumar (born as Abhas Kumar Ganguly (pronunciation (help·info)); 4 August 1929 – 13 October 1987) was an Indian playback singer and actor. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest, most influential and dynamic singers in the history of Indian music.He was one of the most popular singers in the Indian subcontinent, notable for his yodeling and ability to sing songs in different voices. He used to sing in different genres but some of his rare compositions, considered classics, were lost in time. According to his brother and legendary actor Ashok Kumar, Kishore Kumar was successful as a singer because his "voice hits the mike, straight, at its most sensitive point".Besides Hindi, he sang in many other Indian languages, including Bengali, Marathi, Assamese, Gujarati, Kannada, Bhojpuri, Malayalam, Odia and Urdu. He also released a few non-film albums in multiple languages, especially in Bengali, which are noted as all-time classics.
<The_Borough_(George_Crabbe_poem)>	The Borough is a collection of poems by George Crabbe published in 1810.  Written in heroic couplets, the poems are arranged as a series of 24 letters, covering various aspects of borough life and detailing the stories of certain inhabitants’ lives.Of the letters, the best known is that of Peter Grimes in Letter XXII, which formed the basis for Benjamin Britten’s opera of the same name. Letter XXI describes Abel Keene, a village schoolmaster and then a merchant's clerk who was led astray, lost his place and finally hanged himself.
<Shiho_Takano>	Shiho Takano (高野 志穂, Takano Shiho, born October 21, 1979, in Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese actress who is represented by the talent agency, Tom company.Takano's husband is actor Yukiya Kitamura.
<Gloria_DeHaven>	Gloria Mildred DeHaven (July 23, 1925 – July 30, 2016) was an American actress and singer who was a contract star for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM).DeHaven was born in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of actor-director Carter DeHaven and actress Flora Parker DeHaven, both former vaudeville performers.  A 1983 newspaper article reported, "Miss DeHaven ... says that her real family name was O'Callahan before her father legally changed his name to DeHaven."
<F.C._Barreirense>	Futebol Clube Barreirense is a Portuguese sports club founded on 11 April 1911. The main sports are football and basketball. In both sports, the club has represented Portugal in European competitions. In basketball, the club won 2 national championships and 6 Portuguese Cups. The club also offers chess, gymnastics and kick-boxing.The football club became champion of the Segunda Divisão seven times. In the 1969–70 season, FC Barreirense achieved its highest place ever in the Primeira Divisão, reaching the 4th place. That team included player Manuel Bento. The following year, the club represented the country in the 1970–71 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup. They managed to win 2-0 against Dinamo Zagreb in Barreiro, but lost in the away game with 6-1 and were immediately eliminated.Barreirense's major rival is G.D. Fabril, formerly Companhia União Fabril, with whom they have shared many seasons from the Primeira Liga all the way down to the Setúbal FA League.
<The_Hustler_(film)>	The Hustler is a 1961 American sports romantic drama film directed by Robert Rossen from Walter Tevis's 1959 novel of the same name, adapted by Rossen and Sidney Carroll. It tells the story of small-time pool hustler "Fast Eddie" Felson and his desire to break into the "major league" of professional hustling and high-stakes wagering that follows it. He throws his raw talent and ambition up against the best player in the country, seeking to best the legendary pool player "Minnesota Fats".The film was shot on location in New York City and stars Paul Newman as Eddie; Jackie Gleason as Minnesota Fats; Piper Laurie as Sarah; and George C. Scott as Bert. It was followed by The Color of Money in 1986, with Newman reprising his role.
<Earth_Defense_Force>	Earth Defense Force, known in Japan as Chikyū Bōeigun (Japanese: 地球防衛軍, lit. Earth Defense Forces), is a series of third-person shooter video games. The series is published by the Japanese company D3 Publisher as part of the Simple series.In 2013, radio waves from deep space are picked up by scientists, proving the existence of extraterrestrial life. The Earth Defense Force, a unified multinational military, is founded a few years later, in case the aliens prove to be hostile. In each of the games the player assumes the role of an EDF soldier during an alien invasion.The first game in the series was originally released in Japan as Simple 2000 series Vol. 31: The 地球防衛軍 for the PlayStation 2. Chikyū Bōeigun or Earth Defense Force was created by Sandlot as part of D3 Publisher's Simple series of budget-priced games on a compact disk. It was later distributed in PAL format on CD in Europe by Agetec, Inc. under the title Monster Attack.
<Unmeasured_Strength>	Unmeasured Strength is a 2011 memoir by Lauren Manning, a survivor of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks by Al Qaeda on New York City.The memoir was published by Henry Holt.
<Boston_University>	Boston University (BU) is a private research university in Boston, Massachusetts. The university is nonsectarian, but has a historical affiliation with the United Methodist Church. It was founded in 1839 by Methodists with its original campus in Newbury, Vermont, before moving to Boston in 1867.The university now has more than 4,000 faculty members and nearly 34,000 students, and is one of Boston's largest employers. It offers bachelor's degrees, master's degrees, doctorates, and medical, dental, business, and law degrees through 17 schools and colleges on three urban campuses. The main campus is situated along the Charles River in Boston's Fenway-Kenmore and Allston neighborhoods, while the Boston University Medical Campus is located in Boston's South End neighborhood. The Fenway campus houses the Wheelock College of Education and Human Development, formerly Wheelock College, which merged with BU in 2018.
<Helsinki_Institute_of_Physics>	The Helsinki Institute of Physics (HIP, Finnish: Fysiikan tutkimuslaitos, Swedish: Forskningsinstitutet för fysik) is a physics research institute operated jointly by University of Helsinki, Aalto University, University of Jyväskylä, Lappeenranta University of Technology and Tampere University of Technology. The operations of the institute began on September 1, 1996. The foundation of the institute was provided by the three previous Helsinki-based institutes: SEFT, TFT (University of Helsinki) and HTI (Helsinki University of Technology), which were merged into the new organization. The current director of the institute since 2017 has been prof. Katri Huitu. The institute is responsible for the Finnish research collaboration with CERN and Facility for Antiproton and Ion Research in Europe GmbH (FAIR).The research is currently focused on following fields:
<Dunedin>	Dunedin (/dʌˈniːdɪn/ (listen) duh-NEE-din; Māori: Ōtepoti) is the second-largest city in the South Island of New Zealand (after Christchurch), and the principal city of the Otago region. Its name comes from Dùn Èideann, the Scottish Gaelic name for Edinburgh, the capital of Scotland. The city has a rich Scottish, Chinese and Māori heritage. With an estimated population of 130,400 as of June 2022, Dunedin is both New Zealand's seventh-most populous metro and urban area. For historic, cultural and geographic reasons the city has long been considered one of New Zealand's four main centres. The urban area of Dunedin lies on the central-eastern coast of Otago, surrounding the head of Otago Harbour, and the harbour and hills around Dunedin are the remnants of an extinct volcano. The city suburbs extend out into the surrounding valleys and hills, onto the isthmus of the Otago Peninsula, and along the shores of the Otago Harbour and the Pacific Ocean.
<Dani_García_(footballer,_born_1974)>	Daniel 'Dani' García Lara (born 22 December 1974) is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a striker.During his professional career he played for five teams in his country, also having short spells in Greece and Turkey. Having represented both Real Madrid and Barcelona, he amassed La Liga totals of 208 matches and 40 goals over 12 seasons.
<Gerald_J._Wasserburg>	Gerald J. Wasserburg (March 25, 1927 – June 13, 2016) was an American geologist. At the time of his death, he was the John D. MacArthur Professor of Geology and Geophysics, Emeritus, at the California Institute of Technology. He was known for his work in the fields of  isotope geochemistry, cosmochemistry, meteoritics, and astrophysics.After leaving the US army, where he received the Combat Infantryman Badge, he graduated from high school and attended college on the G.I. Bill. Wasserburg completed his Ph.D. from the University of Chicago in 1954, with a thesis on the development of K–Ar dating, done under the sponsorship of Prof. H. C. Urey and Prof M. G. Inghram. He joined the faculty at Caltech in 1955 as Assistant Professor. He became Associate Professor in 1959 and Professor of Geology and Geophysics in 1962. In 1982 he became the John D. MacArthur Professor of Geology and Geophysics; he retired in 2001. He, Typhoon Lee and D.A. Papanastassiou discovered the presence of short-lived radioactive 26Al in the early solar system and short-lived 107Pd with William R. Kelly.Wasserburg was deeply involved in the Apollo Program with the  returned Lunar samples, including being a member of the so-called "Four Horsemen", along with Bob Walker, Jim Arnold, and Paul Werner Gast. He pioneered the precise measurement of ultra-small samples under strict clean room conditions with minimal contamination. He was the co-inventor of the Lunatic Spectrometer (the first fully digital mass spectrometer with computer-controlled magnetic field scanning & rapid switching) and founder of the "Lunatic Asylum" research laboratory at Caltech specializing in high precision, high sensitivity isotopic analyses  of meteorites, lunar and terrestrial samples. He and his co-workers were major contributors to establishing a chronology for the Moon and proposed the hypothesis of the Late Heavy Bombardment (LHB) of the whole inner solar system at near 4.0 Gy ago (with F. Tera, D. A. Papanastassiou).
<Downton_Abbey>	Downton Abbey is a British historical drama television series set in the early 20th century, created and co-written by Julian Fellowes.  The series first aired in the United Kingdom on ITV on 26 September 2010 and in the United States on PBS, which supported production of the series as part of its Masterpiece Classic anthology, on 9 January 2011.The series, set on the fictional Yorkshire country estate of Downton Abbey between 1912 and 1926, depicts the lives of the aristocratic Crawley family and their domestic servants in the post-Edwardian era—the great events of the time having an effect on their lives and on the British social hierarchy. Events depicted throughout the series include news of the sinking of the Titanic in the first series; the outbreak of the First World War, the Spanish influenza pandemic, and the Marconi scandal in the second series; the Irish War of Independence leading to the formation of the Irish Free State in the third series; the Teapot Dome scandal in the fourth series; the British general election of 1923 and the Beer Hall Putsch in the fifth series. The sixth and final series introduces the rise of the working class during the interwar period and hints at the eventual decline of the British aristocracy.
<Margaret_(2011_film)>	Margaret (/ˌmɑːrɡəˈrɛt/ mar-gə-ret) is a 2011 American epic psychological drama film  written and directed by Kenneth Lonergan. The film stars Anna Paquin, Jean Reno, Matt Damon, Mark Ruffalo, J. Smith-Cameron, Jeannie Berlin, Kieran Culkin, Olivia Thirlby, and Rosemarie DeWitt. Margaret was filmed in 2005 and originally scheduled for release that year by Fox Searchlight Pictures, but was repeatedly delayed while Lonergan struggled to create a final cut he was satisfied with, resulting in multiple lawsuits. The litigation ended in 2014.While the studio insisted the film's running time could not exceed 150 minutes, Lonergan's preferred version was closer to three hours. Martin Scorsese and Thelma Schoonmaker contributed to editing a 165-minute version that Lonergan approved; the cut was never released because producer Gary Gilbert refused to approve it. Eventually, Fox Searchlight Pictures released the 150-minute film in a limited release in the United States on September 30, 2011, to moderately positive reviews from critics. Some considered it overlong, but it was praised for its acting and later appeared in several publications' lists of the year's best films. Critical praise has grown over time, and Margaret is now regarded as one of the best films of its decade and of the new century, and was ranked 31st in a BBC critics poll of the 21st century's 100 greatest films.
<Bohdan_Paczyński>	Bohdan Paczyński or Bohdan Paczynski (8 February 1940 – 19 April 2007) was a Polish astronomer notable in the theory of the stellar evolution, accretion discs, and gamma ray bursts.Paczyński was born on 8 February 1940 in Vilnius, Lithuania, to a lawyer and a teacher of Polish literature. In 1945 his family chose to leave for Poland and settled in Kraków, and then in 1949 in Warsaw. At the age of 18, Paczyński published his first scientific article in Acta Astronomica. Between 1959 and 1962 he studied astronomy at the University of Warsaw. Two years later he received a doctorate under the tutelage of Stefan Piotrowski and Włodzimierz Zonn.In 1962 Paczyński became a member of the Centre of Astronomy of the Polish Academy of Sciences, where he continued to work for nearly 20 years. In 1974 he received habilitation and in 1979 became a professor. Thanks to his works on theoretical astronomy, at the age of 36 he became the youngest member of the Polish Academy of Sciences.
<Hélène_Desputeaux>	Hélène Desputeaux (French: [elɛn depyto]; born July 10, 1959) is a Canadian educator, writer and illustrator from Quebec. With writer Christine L'Heureux,  she created and illustrated the character Caillou who appeared in a series of children's books and a television series.Desputeaux was born in Quebec City, Quebec and received a Bachelor of Arts in visual arts from Laval University and a BEd from the Université du Québec à Montréal.Desputeaux has produced more than 100 children's books. In 1995, she received the Médaille Raymond-Blais [fr] for her body of work.
<Toy_Story>	Toy Story is a 1995 American computer-animated comedy film directed by John Lasseter (in his feature directorial debut), produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. The first installment in the  Toy Story franchise, it was the first entirely computer-animated feature film, as well as the first feature film from Pixar. It was written by Joss Whedon, Andrew Stanton, Joel Cohen, and Alec Sokolow from a story by Lasseter, Stanton, Pete Docter, and Joe Ranft. The film features music by Randy Newman, was produced by Bonnie Arnold and Ralph Guggenheim, and was executive-produced by Steve Jobs and Edwin Catmull. The film features the voices of Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, Don Rickles, Jim Varney, Wallace Shawn, John Ratzenberger, Annie Potts, R. Lee Ermey, John Morris, Laurie Metcalf, and Erik von Detten.Taking place in a world where toys come to life when humans are not present, the plot of Toy Story focuses on the relationship between an old-fashioned pull-string cowboy doll named Woody and a modern space cadet action figure, Buzz Lightyear, as Woody develops jealousy towards Buzz when he becomes their owner Andy's favorite toy.
<Swynford>	Swynford (January 1907 – 18 May 1928) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. Bred at the 16th Lord Derby's stud in Lincolnshire, England he was sired by John O'Gaunt, a son of Isinglass, winner of the British Triple Crown in 1893. His dam was Lord Derby's foundation mare and 1896 Epsom Oaks winner Canterbury Pilgrim who also produced Chaucer, the 1927 and 1933 Leading broodmare sire in Great Britain & Ireland.Lord Derby died in June 1908 and his son Edward took over the family's racing and breeding operations. Trained by George Lambton at the Stanley House Stables in Newmarket, Suffolk, Swynford was a difficult horse to handle and in his only start at age two ran unplaced. An injury kept him off the track until 1910 when he made his three-year-old debut in The Derby. He finished well back in the Derby after being struck in the leg by another runner. Following a third in the St. James's Palace Stakes at Ascot Racecourse, Swynford then won the first of two consecutive editions of Ascot's Hardwicke Stakes. The colt went on to win the Liverpool Summer Cup and the third leg of the British Triple Crown, the St. Leger Stakes, somewhat fortuitously since "half the racegoers in England declared... [the race] had been thrown away by Danny Meher on Lemberg"Sent back to the track at age four, Swynford won the Chippenham Plate, Princess of Wales's Stakes, Eclipse Stakes and his second straight Hardwicke Stakes. In September 1911, he suffered a serious fetlock injury during training that almost ended his life. Saved by the work of a veterinarian, Swynford was retired to stud duty for Lord Derby where he would prove to be a very successful sire and a sire of leading sires.
<Phoenix,_Arizona>	Phoenix (/ˈfiːnɪks/ FEE-niks; Navajo: Hoozdo; Spanish: Fénix or Fínix,[citation needed] Walapai: Banyà:nyuwá) is the capital and most populous city of the U.S. state of Arizona, with 1,608,139 residents as of 2020. It is the fifth-most populous city in the United States, and the only U.S. state capital with a population of more than one million residents. Phoenix is the anchor of the Phoenix metropolitan area, also known as the Valley of the Sun, which in turn is part of the Salt River Valley. The metropolitan area is the 11th largest by population in the United States, with approximately 4.85 million people as of 2020[update]. Phoenix, the seat of Maricopa County, has the largest area of all cities in Arizona, with an area of 517.9 square miles (1,341 km2), and is also the 11th largest city by area in the United States. It is the largest metropolitan area, both by population and size, of the Arizona Sun Corridor megaregion.
<ExxonMobil>	ExxonMobil Corporation (commonly shortened to Exxon) is an American multinational oil and gas corporation headquartered in Irving, Texas. It is the largest direct descendant of John D. Rockefeller's Standard Oil, and was formed on November 30, 1999, by the merger of Exxon and Mobil, both of which are used as retail brands, alongside Esso, for fueling stations and downstream products today. The company is vertically integrated across the entire oil and gas industry, and within it is also a chemicals division which produces plastic, synthetic rubber, and other chemical products. ExxonMobil is incorporated in New Jersey.ExxonMobil's earliest corporate ancestor was Vacuum Oil Company, though Standard Oil is its largest ancestor prior to its breakup. The entity today known as ExxonMobil grew out of the Standard Oil Company of New Jersey (or Jersey Standard for short), the corporate entity which effectively controlled all of Standard Oil prior to its breakup. Jersey Standard grew alongside and with extensive partnership another Standard Oil descendant and its future merger partner, the Standard Oil Company of New York (Socony), both of which grew bigger by merging with various third companies like Humble Oil (which merged with Jersey Standard) and Vacuum Oil (merged with Socony). Both companies underwent rebranding in the 1960s and early 1970s, and by the time of the 1999 merger, Jersey Standard had been known as Exxon, and Socony known as Mobil. The merger agreement between Exxon and Mobil stipulated that Exxon would buy Mobil and rebrand as ExxonMobil, with Mobil's CEO becoming the vice-chairman of the company.
<Ushers_of_Trowbridge>	Coordinates: 51°19′18″N 2°12′36″W﻿ / ﻿51.3218°N 2.21011°W﻿ / 51.3218; -2.21011Ushers of Trowbridge was a brewery in Trowbridge, Wiltshire, England, between 1824 and 2000.In 1824, Thomas Usher and his wife Hannah acquired a small brewery in Back Street, Trowbridge, renaming it Usher's Wiltshire Brewery. In 1844, the couple's three sons joined the partnership, allowing the parents to retire in 1869. After this, the beers and brand developed a loyal following, facilitating a quick expansion of the company through the 19th century. In 1887, the partnership took over Fanshaw & Palmer of Donnington, Berkshire. This resulted in the registration in 1889 of Usher's Wiltshire Brewery Ltd to combine the two organisations. From its date of formation until the Second World War, the company acquired some fifteen independent breweries and their associated public house premises.
<SD_Ponferradina>	Sociedad Deportiva Ponferradina, S.A.D. is a Spanish football team based in Ponferrada, in the El Bierzo region, in the autonomous community of Castile and León. Founded on 7 June 1922, it plays in Segunda División, holding home matches at the Estadio El Toralín with a seating capacity of 8,400 spectators.The team's kit consists of blue and white striped shirt, and blue shorts.Sociedad Deportiva Ponferradina was founded in 1922. The first idea of the executive committee to arrange a stadium was to build it inside the castle of Ponferrada, which was eight centuries old. King Alfonso XIII denied the building permit, which led to the construction of Santa Marta; the opening match was played 8 September 1923, a friendly against Cultural y Deportiva Leonesa.
<Dominique_Bourg>	Dominique Bourg (born 11 August 1953 in Tavaux; French pronunciation: ​[ buʁ]) is a French philosopher. Since 2006, he is professor at the Faculty of Geosciences and Environment of the University of Lausanne (Switzerland).He has two doctorates and is a specialist of the environment, global changes, and sustainable development. He published many articles and books and participated in various committees related to the environment.
<Samantha_Bee>	Samantha Anne Bee (born October 25, 1969) is a Canadian-American comedian, writer, producer, political commentator, actress, and television host.Bee rose to fame as a correspondent on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, where she became the longest-serving regular correspondent. In 2015, she departed the show after 12 years to start her own show, Full Frontal with Samantha Bee. The show was canceled in 2022 as a "business-based decision" by TBS.
<Ilse_Bing>	Ilse Bing (23 March 1899 – 10 March 1998) was a German avant-garde and commercial photographer who produced pioneering monochrome images during the inter-war era.Bing was born to a wealthy Jewish family of Frankfurt merchants as the daughter of the merchant Louis Bing and his wife Johanna Elli Bing, nee. Katz. At the age of 14, she was given a Kodak box camera, which she used to take her first self-portrait. Bing began studying mathematics and physics at Frankfurt University in 1920, but shortly afterwards turned to art history and the history of architecture. She spent the winter semester of 1923/1924 at the Kunsthistorisches Institut Vienna.In 1924, Bing began a dissertation on the architect Friedrich Gilly (1772-1800). The first photo works were created as part of this work after she bought her first camera, a Voigtländer (9x12cm), for documentation purposes. It was during her time  that Bing developed her lifelong interest in photography. When she finished her studies in the summer of 1929 and gave up her dissertation, she turned entirely to photography, bought a newly launched Leica (35mm camera) and began working in photojournalism. For the next two decades, the Leica would remain the basis of Bing's artistic work.
<Nicollet_Park>	Nicollet Park was a baseball ground located in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States. The venue was home to the minor league Minneapolis Millers of the Western League and later American Association from 1896 to 1955.The ballpark opened on June 20, 1896, with a 13–6 win over Milwaukee. The new grounds were first known as Wright Field, named for one of baseball's founding fathers, Harry Wright. Area newspapers had held a contest and chose that name over "Nicollet Park" among others, awarding season tickets to the winning entrants.[Minneapolis Star-Tribune, June 17, 1896, p. 5] The papers acknowledged the built-in pun on "right field", and added to it by describing one hit in the opener as a home run "knocked by the right-fielder, across right field, out of Wright Field."The club owners were not enamored of the name, and it was soon renamed "Nicollet Park", the name "Nicollet" being ubiquitous in Minneapolis then and now.
<André_Carneiro_Soares>	André Tiago Carneiro Soares (born 5 March 1990) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Vilaverdense F.C. as a forward.Born in Vieira do Minho, Braga District, Soares started playing football with local Vieira S.C. at age 10. He finished his development with S.L. Benfica, having signed in 2004.
<Julian_Russell_Story>	Julian Russell Story (September 8, 1857 – February 24, 1919) was an American painter.Story was born on September 8, 1857 in Walton-on-Thames, Surrey to American parents. He was the youngest child of sculptor William Wetmore Story and Emelyn (née Eldredge) Story. Among his siblings was brother Thomas Waldo Story, also a well known sculptor, and sister, Edith Marion (née Story), Marchesa Peruzzi di Medici, the wife of Marquess Simone Peruzzi di Medici.
<Andreas_Zapatinas>	Andreas Zapatinas (born 1957) is a Greek automobile designer and industrial designer.Zapatinas was born in Athens. He studied at the Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, California, and graduated in 1986.He worked at Centro Stile Fiat from 1988 until 1994, where he met Chris Bangle. Zapatinas was chief exterior designer of the Fiat Barchetta. He also contributed to the design of Fiat Coupé and Alfa Romeo 145.
<Barbara_Adachi>	Barbara Adachi is an American businesswoman. She retired from a 23-year career at Deloitte on June 1, 2013 where she served as a board member and a consulting partner.Adachi is a third-generation Japanese American. She studied at the University of California, Santa Barbara, graduating with a Bachelor of Arts. She is married to Ted Adachi and the couple have one daughter. They live in San Francisco, California.Adachi's first job was at a health insurance company, working as a secretary, and then as its first woman sales representative. She then worked at five other companies, before joining Deloitte in 1990. After establishing a human capital practice for Deloitte in San Francisco, she became a principal in 1995, the first Asian-American woman in that position. In 2001, she was promoted to leader of human capital for the western region, and in 2008, she became national managing principal for the Initiative for the Retention and the Advancement of Women of Deloitte. She was a consulting partner for Deloitte, and also served on the board.
<Camille_Cosby>	Camille Olivia Cosby (née  Hanks; born March 20, 1944) is an American television producer, philanthropist, and the wife of comedian Bill Cosby. The character of Clair Huxtable from The Cosby Show was based on her. Cosby has avoided public life, but has been active in her husband's businesses as a manager, as well as involving herself in academia and writing. In 1990, Cosby earned a master's degree from the University of Massachusetts Amherst, followed by a Doctorate of Education (Ed.D.) in 1992.Camille Olivia Hanks was born on March 20, 1944, in Washington D.C., to Guy A. Hanks Sr. and Catherine C. Hanks and grew up in Norbeck, Maryland, just outside Washington. She is the oldest of four children. Cosby's father was a chemist at Walter Reed General Hospital and her mother worked at a nursery. Both of her parents had college educations, with her father earning a graduate degree from Fisk University and her mother earning an undergraduate degree from Howard University.
<Lindsay_Czarniak>	Lindsay Ann Czarniak (born 1977/1978) is an American sports anchor and reporter. She currently works for Fox Sports as a sideline reporter for NFL games. After spending six years with WRC-TV, the NBC owned-and-operated station in Washington, D.C., Czarniak joined ESPN as a SportsCenter anchor in August 2011 and left ESPN in 2017. She has also been a pit reporter and studio host for TNT's NASCAR Sprint Cup Series coverage and a former co-host and reporter for the syndicated The George Michael Sports Machine. Czarniak served as a host and sportsdesk reporter for NBC Sports coverage of the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China.
<Martin_Green_(professor)>	Martin Andrew Green AM FRS FAA (born 20 July 1948) is an Australian engineer and professor at the University of New South Wales who works on solar energy. He was awarded the 2021 Japan Prize for his achievements in the "Development of High-Efficiency Silicon Photovoltaic Devices". He is editor-in-chief of the academic journal Progress in Photovoltaics.Green was born in Brisbane on 20 July 1948, and was educated at the selective Brisbane State High School, graduated from University of Queensland and completed his PhD on a Commonwealth Scholarship at McMaster University in Canada, where he specialised in solar energy. In 1974, at the University of New South Wales, he initiated the Solar Photovoltaics Group which soon worked on the development of silicon solar cells. The group had their success in the early 80s through producing a 20% efficient silicon cell, which now has been improved to 25%.
<Whittington_Hall>	Whittington Hall is a country house located to the west of the village of Whittington, Lancashire, England, some 3 km (2 miles) south of Kirkby Lonsdale.  The house is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.It is constructed in sandstone rubble, with a slate roof, and is in Jacobethan style. The building incorporates a battlemented tower with an octagonal corner turret.
<Edward_James_Olmos>	Edward James Olmos (born February 24, 1947) is an American actor, director, producer, and activist. He is best known for his roles as Lieutenant Martin "Marty" Castillo in Miami Vice (1984–1989), American Me (1992) (which he also directed), William Adama in the re-imagined Battlestar Galactica (2004–2009), teacher Jaime Escalante in Stand and Deliver (1988) (for which he received an Academy Award nomination), Detective Gaff in Blade Runner (1982) and its sequel Blade Runner 2049 (2017) and the English dub voice of Mito in the 2005 Disney dub of  Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind. In 2018 through 2022, he has played the father of two members of an outlaw motorcycle club in the FX series Mayans MC.For his work in Miami Vice, Olmos won the 1985 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series, as well as the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor – Series, Miniseries or Television Film. For his performance in Stand and Deliver, Olmos was nominated for a Golden Globe Award and the Academy Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role.
<Victoria_Carroll>	Victoria Carroll (or Victoria Carrol-Bell; born Mary Carol Lee Ford on January 21, 1941) is an American actress and artist. Best known as Marie Massey in Alice (1978-1984).Born Mary Carol Lee Ford on January 21, 1941 in Los Angeles, California, the third child of Oscar Ford, a vaudeville actor turned publicity agent and Lillian Ford, an actress. During the late 1940s, the whole family (along with her two older brothers) performed together on stage with their daughter as "The World's Youngest Mind Reader".Shortly after finishing high school, she began supporting herself as a painter with an art scholarship but also took several dance classes. This led to an audition for Don Arden, who hired her to dance in his play. Mary Carol Lee started working professionally as a dancer in Broadway shows.
<High_Line>	Route map: The High Line is a 1.45-mile-long (2.33 km) elevated linear park, greenway and rail trail created on a former New York Central Railroad spur on the west side of Manhattan in New York City. The High Line's design is a collaboration between James Corner Field Operations, Diller Scofidio + Renfro, and Piet Oudolf. The abandoned spur has been redesigned as a "living system" drawing from multiple disciplines which include landscape architecture, urban design, and ecology. The High Line was inspired by the 4.7 km (2.9 mi) long Promenade plantée (tree-lined walkway), a similar project in Paris completed in 1993. 
<Usfahrt_Oerlike>	Usfahrt Oerlike (German: Ausfahrt Oerlikon) is a 2015 Swiss German-language film. It was filmed and produced at locations in Zürich in Switzerland, and is the second last film starring Mathias Gnädinger, and Jörg Schneider's last movie film.Hans (Jörg Schneider) assumes that he has had a good life: He has seen the world and loved his wife Martheli, who died two years earlier. He can barely cope with everyday life and Hans is tired, he wants to die. His best friend Willi (Mathias Gnädinger) will help him to carry out his plan.An unfortunate accident forces Hans to enter the local retirement home for a few weeks. However, neither the nurse Mary (Beatrice Blackwell) nor the conversations with Mrs. Brütsch (Heidi Maria Glössner) motivate Hans to enjoy his life in the nursing home. But when his son suddenly enters his life again, Hans seems to hesitate ending his life by suicide...
<Wales_national_under-21_football_team>	The Wales national under-21 football team, also known as the Wales U21s, is the national under-21 football team of Wales and is controlled by the Football Association of Wales. The team competes in the UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship, held every two years. To date Wales haven't yet qualified for the finals tournament but in recent years have shown good form, losing in a playoff (5–4) to England in the 2009 qualifying campaign and finishing second in their group two years later, after leading their group until their last game Wales only needed a draw to qualify for the play-offs but lost 1–0 away to Italy.The under-21 team came into existence following the realignment of UEFA's youth competitions in 1976. A goalless draw in a friendly against England at Wolverhampton Wanderers' Molineux Stadium was Wales U21s' first result.
<Hawker_Siddeley>	Hawker Siddeley was a group of British manufacturing companies engaged in aircraft production. Hawker Siddeley combined the legacies of several British aircraft manufacturers, emerging through a series of mergers and acquisitions as one of only two such major British companies in the 1960s. In 1977, Hawker Siddeley became a founding component of the nationalised British Aerospace (BAe). Hawker Siddeley also operated in other industrial markets, such as locomotive building (through its ownership of Brush Traction) and diesel engine manufacture (through its ownership of Lister Petter). The company was once a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.Hawker Siddeley Aircraft was formed in 1935 as a result of the purchase by Hawker Aircraft of the companies of J. D. Siddeley, the automotive and engine builder Armstrong Siddeley and the aircraft manufacturer Armstrong Whitworth Aircraft. At this time, Hawker Siddeley also acquired A.V. Roe & Company (Avro), Gloster Aircraft Company (Gloster) and Air Training Services. The constituent companies continued to produce their own aircraft designs under their own name as well as sharing manufacturing work throughout the group.
<Rafael_Santos_Bergamasco>	Rafael Santos Bergamasco or simply Rafael Akai (born January 17, 1986 in Presidente Prudente), is a Brazilian striker currently playing for Olímpia Futebol Clube.Rafael Akai signed for Sport Club Corinthians Paulista, and made his senior debut in the Campeonato Paulista on 19 March 2006, after manager Ademar Braga rested his first team for an upcoming Copa Libertadores match. He would make a total of four appearances for Corinthians, scoring once, in the 2006 Paulista before being sent on loan to Paraguayan side Club 2 de Mayo and later signing for São José Esporte Clube.Rafael Akai made 4 goals in the Paranaense Championship 2008 playing for Londrina and moved to FC Rostov in the Russian First Division on loan.
<The_Road>	The Road is a 2006 post-apocalyptic novel by American writer Cormac McCarthy. The book details the grueling journey of a father and his young son over a period of several months across a landscape blasted by an unspecified cataclysm that has destroyed industrial civilization and almost all life. The novel was awarded the 2007 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the James Tait Black Memorial Prize for Fiction in 2006. The book was adapted into a film of the same name in 2009, directed by John Hillcoat.A father and his young son journey on foot across the post-apocalyptic ash-covered United States some years after an extinction event. The boy's mother, pregnant with him at the time of the disaster, died by suicide some time before.
<Spycatcher>	Spycatcher: The Candid Autobiography of a Senior Intelligence Officer (1987) is a memoir written by Peter Wright, former MI5 officer and Assistant Director, and co-author Paul Greengrass.  He drew on his own experiences and research into the history of the British intelligence community. Published first in Australia, the book was banned in England (but not Scotland) due to its allegations about government policy and incidents.  These efforts ensured the book's notoriety, and it earned considerable profit for Wright.In 2021, the Cabinet Office was still blocking freedom of information requests for files on the Spycatcher affair despite the rule that documents should be released after 30 years.
<Jakub_Kubicki>	Jakub Kubicki (1758–1833) was a renowned Polish classicist architect and designer.Born in Warsaw in 1758, into a bourgeois family, Jakub Kubicki graduated from the Jesuit College, at the same time that he was taking lessons from Domenico Merlini. In 1777, he was hired by architect Szymon Bogumił Zug to help in the construction of the Holy Trinity Church in Warsaw.
<Ion_Storm>	Ion Storm, L.P. was an American video game developer founded by video game industry veterans John Romero and Tom Hall, both formerly of id Software. Despite an impressive pedigree and high expectations, the company only produced one commercial and critical success, 2000's Deus Ex.The company was founded in Dallas, Texas in November 1996; a branch in Austin, Texas was opened in 1997. In April 1999, Eidos Interactive acquired 51% of the company in exchange for advances to the developers. The Dallas studio closed in July 2001, leaving the Austin studio as the new headquarters. After financial struggles at Eidos Interactive, the Austin studio followed with its own closure in February 2005.
<Pierce_Brosnan>	Pierce Brendan Brosnan OBE (/ˈbrɒsnən/; born 16 May 1953) is an Irish actor and film producer. He is best known as the fifth actor to play secret agent James Bond in the Bond film series, starring in four films from 1995 to 2002 (GoldenEye, Tomorrow Never Dies, The World Is Not Enough and Die Another Day) and in multiple video games.After leaving school at age 16, Brosnan began training in commercial illustration and went on to attend the Drama Centre in London for three years. Following a stage acting career, he rose to popularity in the television series Remington Steele (1982–1987). After the conclusion of the series, Brosnan appeared in films such as the Cold War spy film The Fourth Protocol (1987) and the comedy Mrs. Doubtfire (1993). After achieving worldwide fame for his role as James Bond, Brosnan took the lead in other major films including the epic disaster adventure film Dante's Peak (1997) and the remake of the heist film The Thomas Crown Affair (1999). Since leaving the role of Bond, he has starred in films such as the musical comedy Mamma Mia! (2008), the political thriller The Ghost Writer (2010), the action fantasy Percy Jackson & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief (2010), the action spy thriller The November Man (2014) and the Mamma Mia! sequel Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again (2018). In 2022, Brosnan played Kent Nelson / Doctor Fate in the DC Extended Universe film Black Adam. 
<Fariborz_Arabnia>	Fariborz Arabnia (Persian: فریبرز عرب‌نیا) (born 28 April 1963 in Tehran) is an Iranian actor and director.He criticized Iranian cinema and television in a live program Haft (Seven) that was not supported by film directors, actors and actress. As well, when he found differences with Ebrahim Hatamikia, he left and refuse to continue in his film, Ch that forced Hatamikia to use an lieu for his rule.
<The_Elder_Scrolls>	The Elder Scrolls is a series of action role-playing video games primarily developed by Bethesda Game Studios and published by Bethesda Softworks. The series focuses on free-form gameplay in an open world. Morrowind, Oblivion and Skyrim all won Game of the Year awards from multiple outlets. The series has sold more than 58 million copies worldwide.Within the series' fictional universe, each game takes place on the continent of Tamriel. The setting combines pre-medieval real-world elements, such as a powerful Roman-like Empire, with high fantasy medieval themes, including limited technology, widespread magic use, and the existence of many mythological creatures. The continent is split into a number of provinces inhabited by humans and humanoid fantasy races such as elves, orcs and anthropomorphic animals. A common theme in the lore is that a chosen hero rises to defeat an incoming threat, usually a malevolent being or an antagonistic army.
<Imperial_Oil>	Imperial Oil Limited (French: Compagnie Pétrolière Impériale Ltée) is a Canadian petroleum company. It is Canada's second-biggest integrated oil company. It is majority owned by American oil company ExxonMobil with around 69.6 percent ownership stake in the company. It is a significant producer of crude oil, diluted bitumen and natural gas, Canada's major petroleum refiner, a key petrochemical producer and a national marketer with coast-to-coast supply and retail networks.  It supplies Esso-brand service stations.It is also known for its holdings in the Alberta Oil Sands.  Imperial owns 25 percent of Syncrude, which is one of the world's largest oil sands operations. Imperial is also in a joint venture oil sands mining operation with ExxonMobil, called Kearl Oil Sands.
<Richard_Lounsbery_Award>	The Richard Lounsbery Award is given to American and French scientists, 45 years or younger, in recognition of "extraordinary scientific achievement in biology and medicine."The Award alternates between French and American scientists, and is awarded by the National Academy of Sciences and the French Academy of Sciences in alternating years to a scientist from the other country. The award is selected by a seven-member jury representing both the French and the US Academies. The recipient receives a $75,000 prize, funding to visit a lab or research institution in the awarding country, and an invitation to give the Lounsbery Lecture in the awarding country.The Lounsbery Award was established in 1979 by Vera Lounsbery in memory of her husband, Richard Lounsbery, and is funded by the Richard Lounsbery Foundation. Richard and Vera met in Paris after World War I, and the couple divided their time between Paris and New York.
<Madame_Bovary_(1949_film)>	Madame Bovary is a 1949 American romantic drama, a film adaptation of the classic 1857 novel of the same name by Gustave Flaubert. It stars Jennifer Jones, James Mason, Van Heflin, Louis Jourdan, Alf Kjellin (billed as Christopher Kent), Gene Lockhart, Frank Allenby and Gladys Cooper.It was directed by Vincente Minnelli and produced by Pandro S. Berman, from a screenplay by Robert Ardrey based on the Flaubert novel. The music score was by Miklós Rózsa, the cinematography by Robert H. Planck and the art direction by Cedric Gibbons and Jack Martin Smith.The film was a project of the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer studios and Lana Turner was set to star, but when pregnancy forced her to withdraw, Jones stepped into the title role. Production ran from mid-December 1948 to mid-March 1949 and the film premiered the following August.
<Moses_Gabb>	Joel Moses Gabb (21 November 1882 – 6 March 1951) was an Australian politician. He was a member of the Australian House of Representatives from 1919 to 1934, representing the electorate of Angas. He represented the Australian Labor Party until resigning during the 1931 Labor split; however, he did not join the United Australia Party along with the other dissident MPs, and instead remained in parliament as an independent.Gabb was born in Glenelg, and was educated at St Peter's College. He worked for printers A. & E. Lewis and then for grocers Barns, Stobie, & Co. after leaving school. He had studied at night to become a Methodist missionary while working at the grocers, and after qualifying for home mission work, worked from 1905 reopening a mission on Kangaroo Island, then at churches in Cockburn, Silverton, Kalangadoo and Penola, and on the Tea Tree Gully–Modbury circuit. He passed as a candidate for ministry and studied at Prince Alfred College in 1908, before spending two and a half years preaching from a motor launch on the Murray River between Swan Reach and Loxton. He then left missionary work because of doctrinal differences, did not enter the ministry, and instead opened a store at Alberton until his election to parliament. He married Florence Ethel Hobbs on 9 October 1912. He was publicly involved in the campaign against conscription during World War I, and unsuccessfully contested the 1918 state election in the electorate of Barossa, narrowly losing to Sir Richard Butler. Gabb was a strict teetotaller.
<Westminster>	Westminster is an area of Central London, part of the wider City of Westminster.The area, which extends from the River Thames to Oxford Street, has many visitor attractions and historic landmarks, including the Palace of Westminster, Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, Westminster Cathedral and much of the West End shopping and entertainment district.
<Michael_White_(producer)>	Michael Simon White (16 January 1936 – 7 March 2016) was a British theatrical impresario and film producer. White was responsible for 101 stage productions and 27 films over 50 years.Michael White was born in Glasgow, Scotland, the son of Victor White, a merchant who ran a glove making business, and Doris (née Cohen), a property developer. His parents were from Eastern European Jewish backgrounds. As White suffered from asthma as a boy, his parents decided he would be educated as a boarder at the Lyceum Alpinum Zuoz in Switzerland from age 7, where he was the only boy who did not speak the French language. He then graduated from the Sorbonne in Paris.
<Scottish_Opera>	Scottish Opera is the national opera company of Scotland, and one of the five national performing arts companies of Scotland. Founded in 1962 and based in Glasgow, it is the largest performing arts organisation in Scotland.Scottish Opera was founded by conductor Alexander Gibson in 1962. In 1975 it purchased the Theatre Royal in Glasgow from Scottish Television re-opening it as the first national opera house for Scotland in October 1975 with Die Fledermaus. In March 2005, the management of the Theatre Royal was transferred to the Ambassador Theatre Group, but remains the home of Scottish Opera and of Scottish Ballet.
<Robert_C._Maynard>	Robert Clyve Maynard (June 17, 1937 – August 17, 1993) was an American journalist, newspaper publisher and editor, former owner of The Oakland Tribune, and co-founder of the Robert C. Maynard Institute for Journalism Education in Oakland, California.Maynard was one of six children to Samuel C. Maynard and Robertine Isola Greaves, both immigrants from Barbados. At 16 years of age, he dropped out of Brooklyn High School to pursue his passion for writing. Maynard became friends with influential New York writers James Baldwin and Langston Hughes and later acknowledged Martin Luther King Jr. as a hero.Maynard's career in journalism began in 1961 at the York Gazette & Daily in York, Pennsylvania. In 1965, he received a Nieman Fellowship to Harvard University and joined the editorial staff of the Washington Post the following year.
<Alfred_Romer>	Alfred Sherwood Romer  (December 28, 1894 – November 5, 1973) was an American paleontologist and biologist and a specialist in vertebrate evolution.Alfred Romer was born in White Plains, New York, the son of Harry Houston Romer and his wife, Evalyn Sherwood. He was educated at White Plains High School.He studied at Amherst College for his Bachelor of Science Honours degree in biology, then at Columbia University for an M.Sc in Biology and a doctorate in zoology in 1921.  Romer joined the department of geology and paleontology at the University of Chicago as an associate professor in 1923. He was an active researcher and teacher.  His collecting program added important Paleozoic specimens to Chicago's Walker Museum of Paleontology.  In 1934 he was appointed professor of biology at Harvard University. In 1946, he became director of the Harvard Museum of Comparative Zoology (MCZ). In 1954 Romer was awarded the Mary Clark Thompson Medal from the National Academy of Sciences. He was awarded the Academy's Daniel Giraud Elliot Medal in 1956. In 1961, Romer received the Golden Plate Award of the American Academy of Achievement.
<Alfred_Peet>	Alfred H. Peet (March 10, 1920 – August 29, 2007) was a Dutch-American entrepreneur and the founder of Peet's Coffee & Tea in Berkeley, California, in 1966. Peet is widely credited with starting the specialty coffee revolution in the US. Among coffee historians, Peet has been called "the Dutchman who taught America how to drink coffee." Peet taught his style of roasting beans to Jerry Baldwin, Zev Siegl and Gordon Bowker, who, with his blessing, took the technique to Seattle and founded Starbucks in 1971. Peet later distanced himself, however, from the Starbucks trio as they experimented with ultra-dark roasts. "Baldwin never learned anything from me," Peet was later quoted as saying.Peet was born in Alkmaar, The Netherlands, where his father ran a small coffee roasting establishment, prior to World War II. Following the war; Peet left London, where he had apprenticed with Twinings coffee and tea company, to work as a tea taster in the Dutch East Indies and New Zealand, prior to emigrating to San Francisco, California, in 1955, where he worked in the coffee importing industry.Dismayed with the poor quality of coffee in the United States, Peet opened a coffee store in Berkeley, California, on 1 April 1966. He compared the low quality coffee in the United States to World War II "rationed" coffee.
<Tony_Warren>	Anthony McVay Simpson MBE (8 July 1936 – 1 March 2016) publishing under pen name Tony Warren, was an English television screenwriter and actor, best known for creating the ITV soap opera Coronation Street. He created other television dramas and wrote critically acclaimed novels.Warren was born at 3 Wilton Avenue, Pendlebury, Lancashire. He attended Clarendon Road Primary School and Eccles Grammar School. He trained at the Elliott-Clarke theatre school in Liverpool. He adopted Warren as a stage name in his early acting career. He became a regular on BBC Radio Children's Hour and acted in many radio plays, performing with many actors who later became household names through Coronation Street, most notably Violet Carson who played Ena Sharples and Doris Speed who played Annie Walker.
<Sandra_Gould>	Sandra Gould (July 23, 1916 – July 20, 1999) was an American actress, perhaps best known for her role as Gladys Kravitz on the sitcom Bewitched. Gould was the second actress to portray the role, debuting at the start of the third season.Gould was born in Brooklyn, New York. She began acting in films with an uncredited role in T-Men (1947), and was the Phone Operator in Romance on the High Seas (1948), Doris Day's debut film.  She appeared in several uncredited roles for the remainder of the decade, and received her first screen credit with The Story of Molly X (1949). During the same decade, Gould enjoyed a four-year run as Miss Duffy, the man-hungry daughter of the forever-unheard owner of radio's Duffy's Tavern.In 1953, Gould appeared as a guest in an episode of Letter to Loretta with Loretta Young. In 1959 she played a secretary in the Academy Award-nominated Imitation of Life with Lana Turner and Juanita Moore. She continued to guest star in the 1950s and 1960s in such television series as I Love Lucy, I Married Joan, December Bride, Maverick, The Flintstones, The Twilight Zone, The Lucy Show, Burke's Law, I Dream of Jeannie; Love, American Style; Gilligan's Island, The Brady Bunch and Mister Ed. She played a prominent supporting role in the film The Ghost and Mr. Chicken in 1966. In 1963, Gould released a comedy single record entitled Hello Melvin (This Is Mama) as an answer to Allan Sherman's hit "Hello Muddah, Hello Fadduh".
<Glenn_Howerton>	Glenn Franklin Howerton III (born April 13, 1976) is an American actor, producer and screenwriter. He is best known for the long-running dark satirical comedy It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia (2005–present) on FX/FXX, a show he co-created with Charlie Day and Rob McElhenney, and on which he plays Dennis Reynolds, in addition to being an executive producer and writer. His other notable performances include the lead role of Jack Griffin in A.P. Bio on NBC, a recurring role as Cliff Gilbert on The Mindy Project on Fox and lead role Corey Howard in the short-lived spinoff sitcom That '80s Show.Glenn Franklin Howerton III was born on April 13, 1976 in Japan, the son of American parents Janice and Glenn Franklin Howerton Jr. His father was a fighter pilot. Almost immediately after his birth, his family moved to Arizona and then New Mexico for a short while. When he was three years old, they moved to the English town of Felixstowe, Suffolk. They subsequently moved to Virginia, followed by South Korea, where they settled in Seoul. When he was 10 years old, the family moved to Montgomery, Alabama.After graduating from Jefferson Davis High School, he moved to Miami where he spent two years at New World School of the Arts of Miami Dade College. In 1996, he entered Juilliard School's Drama Division in New York City where he graduated with a Bachelor of Fine Arts as part of Group 29 (1996–2000).
<Manuel_José_Vieira>	Manuel José Azevedo Vieira (born 4 February 1981), known as Manuel José, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for CD Candal. Mainly a right midfielder, he can also play as an attacking right-back.Born in Vila Nova de Gaia, Porto District, Manuel José unsuccessfully graduated from FC Porto's academy, going on to serve a number of loans before being released in June 2005. He made his Primeira Liga debut with Académica de Coimbra, where he played from January to June 2003.
<Yakov_Sinai>	Yakov Grigorevich Sinai (Russian: Я́ков Григо́рьевич Сина́й; born September 21, 1935) is a Russian-American mathematician known for his work on dynamical systems.   He contributed to the modern metric theory of dynamical systems and connected the world of deterministic (dynamical) systems with the world of probabilistic (stochastic) systems.  He has also worked on mathematical physics and probability theory.  His efforts have provided the groundwork for advances in the physical sciences.Sinai has won several awards, including the Nemmers Prize, the Wolf Prize in Mathematics and the Abel Prize. He serves as the professor of mathematics at Princeton University since 1993 and holds the position of Senior Researcher at the Landau Institute for Theoretical Physics in Moscow, Russia.
<Connie_Booth>	Connie Booth (born 2 December 1940) is an American-born actress and writer. She has appeared in several British television programmes and films, including her role as Polly Sherman on BBC Two's Fawlty Towers, which she co-wrote with her then-husband John Cleese. In 1995 she quit acting and worked as a psychotherapist until her retirement.Booth was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, on 2 December 1940.  Her father was a Wall Street stockbroker and her mother an actress.  The family later moved to New York State.  Booth entered acting and worked as a Broadway understudy and waitress.  She met John Cleese while he was working in New York City; they married on February 20, 1968.
<William_H._Dana>	William Harvey "Bill" Dana (November 3, 1930 – May 6, 2014) was an American aeronautical engineer, U.S. Air Force pilot, NASA test pilot, and astronaut.  He was one of twelve pilots who flew the North American X-15, an experimental spaceplane jointly operated by the Air Force and NASA.  He was also selected for participation in the X-20 Dyna-Soar program.On two separate flights, Dana flew the X-15 to an altitude above 50 miles, thereby qualifying as an astronaut according to the United States definition of the boundary of space; however, neither flight exceeded the Kármán line, the internationally accepted boundary of 100 kilometers (62 miles).
<John_W._Taylor_(politician)>	John W. Taylor (March 26, 1784 – September 18, 1854) was an early 19th-century U.S. politician from New York. He was the first speaker of the House of Representatives from the state.Taylor was born in 1784 in that part of the Town of Ballston, then in Albany County, New York, which was, upon the creation of Saratoga County in 1791, split off to form the Town of Charlton. He received his first education at home.
<Hugo_Sofovich>	Hugo Alberto Sofovich (December 18, 1939 – January 12, 2003) was an Argentine film director and screenwriter.Although predominantly a screenwriter, Sofovich directed 15 films and script write over 20 films during his career, directed and writing films such as Amante para dos in 1988. In the late 1990s he write several scripts for Argentine television.He died in 2003 from pancreatic cancer. He was the brother of Gerardo Sofovich.
<Chris_Day>	Christopher Nicholas Day (born 28 July 1975) is an English former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.Day started his career at Tottenham Hotspur, where he spent five years, making one Premier League appearance for the North London club. He joined Crystal Palace for a fee of £225,000 in July 1996, whom he played regularly for throughout the 1996–97 season. The following season, Day signed for Watford, and he played for the club in the Premier League during the 1999–2000 season. He spent a further season at the club, before joining Lincoln City on a three-month deal in December 2000. He was released by Lincoln, and later joined Queens Park Rangers, spending three and a half years at the club, whilst also having brief spells on loan at Aylesbury United and Preston North End.
<Murphy_Anderson>	Murphy C. Anderson Jr. (July 9, 1926 – October 22, 2015) was an American comics artist, known as one of the premier inkers of his era, who worked for companies such as DC Comics for over fifty years, starting in the Golden Age of Comic Books in the 1940s. He worked on such characters as Hawkman, Batgirl, Zatanna, the Spectre, and Superman, as well as on the Buck Rogers daily syndicated newspaper comic strip. Anderson also contributed for many years to PS, the preventive maintenance comics magazine of the U.S. Army.Murphy Anderson was born on July 9, 1926, in Asheville, North Carolina, and while in grade school moved with his family to Greensboro, North Carolina. After graduating high school in 1943, he briefly attended the University of North Carolina before moving to New York City seeking work in the comics industry, and was hired by Jack Byrne as a staff artist at the comic-book publisher Fiction House. His first confirmed credit is the two-and-two-thirds-page nonfiction aviation featurette "Jet Propulsion" in Wings Comics #48 (cover-dated Aug. 1944), and his first fiction feature was an eight-page "Suicide Smith and the Air Commanders" story in Wings Comics #50 (Oct. 1944). By the following month he was the regular artist on the Planet Comics features "Life on Other Worlds" and "Star Pirate". Anderson continued doing comics work, as well as illustrations for science-fiction pulp magazines, during his stateside postings while serving in the United States Navy from 1944 to 1945.From 1947 to 1949, Anderson was the artist on the Buck Rogers comic-book series. During the 1950s, Anderson worked for several publishers including Pines Comics, St. John Publications, Ziff Davis, DC Comics, and Atlas Comics, that decade's predecessor of Marvel Comics.
<To_Damascus>	To Damascus (Swedish: Till Damaskus), also known as The Road to Damascus, is a trilogy of plays by the Swedish playwright August Strindberg. The first two parts were published in 1898, with the third following in 1904. It has been described as "Strindberg's most complex play" and as "his greatest play," due to its "synthesis of a wide variety of myths, symbols and ideas with a profound spiritual analysis in a new dramatic form."Strindberg began writing Part 1 in January 1898 in France and by 8 March he had completed the manuscript. This marked the first time that Strindberg had written drama in five years. "If you find it good," he wrote to Gustaf af Geijerstam, "chuck it in at the theatre. If you find it impossible, hide it away." At this time, he considered the first part to be complete in itself; he did not originally intend to follow it with two sequels. He began writing Part 2 during the summer of 1898 in Lund and had completed it by the middle of July. The first two parts were published in a single volume in October 1898. Strindberg arranged for a copy to be sent to Henrik Ibsen, describing him as "the Master, from whom he learned much." Strindberg began to write Part 3 in January 1901. It was published in April 1904.The dramatic structure of the first part utilises a circular, palindromic form of the Medieval "station drama." The protagonist, The Stranger, on his way to an asylum, passes through seven "stations;" having reached the asylum, he then returns to each in reverse order, before arriving at his starting-point on a street corner. Peter Szondi describes this form as a type of subjective theatre in which the classical "unity of action" is replaced with a "unity of the self":
<Cem_Uzan>	Cem Uzan (born 26 December 1960, İstanbul) is a Turkish businessman and politician involved in the media and banking industries, while also chairing the social liberal Young Party (GP). His family's media empire (Uzan Group) at one time included both television stations and print media. His family was one of Turkey's most influential families. His supporters claim Uzan's political rivalry resulted in the group's companies being seized by the government under Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, eventually resulting in Uzan's flight to France to escape what he claimed was political persecution. He has been sentenced in absentia to jail terms in the UK, USA and Turkey for fraud-related offences.This followed closely on the heels of his conviction in the United States for fraud and came as the case was being put together in Turkey for racketeering and fraud leading many to believe he was escaping a likely conviction and prison term in Turkey. He was granted political asylum in Paris after the French government granted his request Uzan attempted to buy three units of Trump World Tower, but he ultimately defaulted on the contract and lost an $8 million deposit.
<Swami_Vivekananda_(1998_film)>	Swami Vivekananda is a 1998 Indian biographical film directed by G. V. Iyer and produced by T. Subbarami Reddy. It took Iyer 11 years to finish the research work required for the film and to write the screenplay.The film starred Sarvadaman D. Banerjee as Swami Vivekananda, the 19th-century Hindu monk, and Mithun Chakraborty as Ramakrishna, his guru. Even though the film was completed, ready to release in 1994 and was considered for 1995 national awards, the film got released on 12 June 1998. The film was premiered on India's public service broadcaster Doordarshan on 15 August 1998, the country's Independence Day.
<Another_Bullshit_Night_in_Suck_City>	Another Bullshit Night in Suck City is a memoir by playwright and poet Nick Flynn, describing Flynn's reunion with his estranged father, Jonathan, an alcoholic resident of the homeless shelter where Nick was a social worker in the late 1980s. The title refers to Jonathan's description of homeless life in Boston. It was published by W. W. Norton in September 2004.Publishers Weekly described it as "biting", and noted that "(a)lthough (the book is) depressing", it is not "hopeless", because Flynn — unlike his father — was able to "write well". At the Guardian, Christopher Priest commended Flynn for the book's "impressionistic, fragmentary" style that "actually seems to capture the banal, confusing mind of a homeless drunkard", but said that despite Flynn's skill, its subject "remains banal, depressing and sordid".The memoir earned Flynn a 2004 award from PEN International, was shortlisted for the Prix Femina, and has been translated into fifteen languages.
<Marcel_Roche>	Marcel Roche Dugand (August 15, 1920 in Caracas, Venezuela – May 3, 2003 in Miami, USA) was a physician, scientist and scientific leader.He was born into a wealthy family of French origin. His father, Luis Roche  was a well known urbanist. His secondary education was conducted in Paris, France, graduating in 1938. Following this, he moved to the US and got a Bachelor of Science degree at St. Joseph's College, in Philadelphia, followed by studies in medicine at Johns Hopkins Medical School, in Baltimore. After graduation in 1946, he specialized in endocrinology and nuclear medicine. Before returning to Venezuela in 1951, he carried out biomedical research for some time at the New York Institute of Public Health.In Venezuela, Dr. Roche started several pioneering works as an Assistant Professor of the Central University of Venezuela on goitre, hookworm infections and nutritional deficiencies and anaemias, especially among the poor and aboriginal people.
<Sapporo_Brewery>	Sapporo Breweries Ltd. (サッポロビール株式会社, Sapporo Bīru Kabushiki-gaisha) is a Japanese beer brewing company founded in 1876. Sapporo is the oldest brand of beer in Japan. It was first brewed in Sapporo, Japan, in 1876 by brewer Seibei Nakagawa. The world headquarters of Sapporo Breweries is in Ebisu, Shibuya, Tokyo. The company purchased the Canadian company Sleeman Breweries in 2006.The company has five breweries in Japan, the Sleeman brewery in Canada, and Sapporo Brewing Company in La Crosse, Wisconsin, U.S. The main brands are Sapporo Draft (Premium in North America); Yebisu; and Sleeman Cream Ale. Sapporo Premium has been the #1 selling Asian beer in the United States since Sapporo U.S.A., Inc. was first founded in 1984.
<Una_Stubbs>	Una Stubbs (1 May 1937 – 12 August 2021) was an English actress, television personality and dancer who appeared on British television and in the theatre, and occasionally in films. She became known after appearing in the film Summer Holiday (1963) and later played Rita Rawlins in the BBC sitcoms Till Death Us Do Part (1965–1975) and In Sickness and in Health (1985–1992). Her other television roles include Aunt Sally in Worzel Gummidge (1979–1981) and Miss Bat in The Worst Witch (1998–2001). She also appeared as Sherlock Holmes's landlady Mrs. Hudson in the BAFTA-winning television series Sherlock (2010–2017).As a 16-year-old, in 1953, she danced in a Folies Bergère-style musical revue, "Pardon My French", at the Prince of Wales Theatre, alongside Frankie Howerd and the pianist Winifred Atwell. She first appeared on television as one of the Dougie Squires Dancers on the British television music show Cool for Cats in 1956. She also appeared as a dancer at the London Palladium. and worked in cabaret, clubs and revues in London, and was one of Lionel Blair's dance ensemble.
<Daniel_Lightwing>	Daniel James Lightwing is a former mathematics child prodigy and co-founder of the London-based Internet/gambling business Castella Research, which uses high-frequency trading inspired methods to place bets on sports exchanges. He was previously a web backend developer for the London offices of Google. In 2006, he represented the United Kingdom at the International Mathematical Olympiad (IMO) in Ljubljana, Slovenia, where he won a silver medal. His experience at the IMO was described in the 2007 BBC Two British television documentary Beautiful Young Minds and the 2014 film X+Y.Lightwing started to gain more fame in China from 2016 onwards, particularly on the website Zhihu, where his articles written in Chinese, covering a broad range of topics had attracted over 170,000 followers within one year.
<Hazel_Lavery>	Hazel Lavery, Lady Lavery (née Martyn; 1880–1935) was a painter and the second wife of portrait artist Sir John Lavery. Her likeness appeared on banknotes of Ireland for much of the 20th century.Born in Chicago on 14 March 1880, Hazel Martyn was the daughter of Edward Jenner Martyn, a wealthy industrialist of Irish descent. A contemporary account refers to young Hazel Martyn as "The Most Beautiful Girl in the Midwest". Hazel had one sister, Dorothea Hope "Dorothy" Martyn (1887–1911), who was an aspiring playwright. Suffering from anorexia nervosa, Dorothy died in 1911 aged 23, and it is her death that spurred Hazel to leave America.
<Chains_(novel)>	Chains, written by Laurie Halse Anderson, is the first novel in the Seeds of America trilogy, a series of historical fiction novels, and was first published in the United States on October 21, 2008. The trilogy follows the story of thirteen-year-old Isabel, an African-American slave fighting for her and her younger sister's freedom during the American Revolutionary War. Chains takes place mainly in New York City in 1776 into 1777, at a time when slavery was legal and common in the colonies. The book is followed by sequels Forge (2010) and Ashes (2016).Though the novel is fictional, parts of the story are inspired by and depict actual events that occurred during the early stages of the war, such as the failed plan of George Washington's assassination and the hanging of one of the conspirators, the capture of Fort Washington, and the popular pamphlet Common Sense by Thomas Paine.The novel contains 45 chapters numbered in Roman Numerals with the dates of the events in the chapter appearing beneath the chapter number. Under the dates, Anderson includes quotes from important historic documents such as private letters, newspapers, the Common Sense pamphlet, the Declaration of Independence of the United States, and spoken opinions from various world leaders. These openings to each chapter give a perspective on what Isabel/Sal might face in the chapter.
<Szymon_Bogumił_Zug>	Szymon Bogumił Zug (20 February 1733 – 11 August 1807), born Simon Gottlieb Zug, and also known as Zugk, was a renowned Polish-German classicist architect and designer of gardens. Born in Merseburg in Saxony, he spent most of his life in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, where in 1768, he was ennobled. One of the most versatile and prolific architects of his epoch, Zug was the author of several dozen projects of palaces and churches. As a garden designer, he represented an early romanticist style. Among the most notable buildings designed by Zug are:Zug also supervised the refurbishment of Warsaw Arsenal, designed the romanticist ruins in the garden of Arkadia near Łowicz and designed the gardens of Jablonna Palace. He died in Warsaw and is buried there in the Evangelical Cemetery of the Augsburg Confession in Warsaw.
<Timoshenko_Medal>	The Timoshenko Medal is an award given annually by the American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME) to an individual "in recognition of distinguished contributions to the field of applied mechanics."The Timoshenko Medal, widely regarded as the highest international award in the field of applied mechanics, was established in 1957 in honor of Stephen Timoshenko, world-renowned authority in the field.  The Medal "commemorates his contributions as author and teacher."The actual award is a bronze medal and honorarium.  The first award was given in 1957 to Stephen Prokofyevich Timoshenko.
<Wes_Watkins>	Wesley Wade Watkins (born December 15, 1938) is an American politician from the state of Oklahoma. Watkins is a retired member of the United States House of Representatives where he had represented Oklahoma's 3rd congressional district for 14 years as a Democrat and then for six years as a Republican.Wesley Wade Watkins was born to Losie Virgil Watkins Sr. and Mary Etta Johnson Watkins. Wes has one older sister, Mary Althea Yeats Watkins and an older brother, Losie Virgil "L.V." Watkins Jr. Watkins was born in De Queen, Arkansas but moved to Oklahoma as a boy. He graduated from Oklahoma State University in 1960, receiving a Master's degree from that same school in 1961. After a brief stint working for the United States Department of Agriculture, he worked as an administrator at his alma mater from 1963 to 1966. During that time, he was initiated into Tau Kappa Epsilon fraternity as an honorary member while serving as their faculty advisor. In 1972, he was elected to the Common Cause National Governing Board. Later, he spent two years heading one of the first economic development districts in the country, based in Ada.Watkins became active in Democratic party politics in the early 1970s, and was elected to the Oklahoma State Senate in 1974. Two years later, U.S. House Speaker Carl Albert announced his retirement after 30 years representing the 3rd District. Based in the southeastern part of the state, an area known as Little Dixie, the 3rd was heavily Democratic in both local and national elections. Watkins faced a formidable opponent in Albert's popular longtime Chief of Staff and Administrative Assistant, Charles Ward. However, Watkins had closer local ties in the district, while Ward had spent decades in Washington. Watkins prevailed in the Democratic primary runoff and he then gained Albert's endorsement and won the general election with 82% of the vote. He was re-elected six more times, always by close to 80% of the vote. For most of this time, he served on the Budget or Appropriations Committees, allowing him to bring large amounts of money to his mostly rural and agricultural district. He was also very active in oil and natural gas issues, and took particularly strong interest in economic development issues for his rural district.
<Otto_Laporte_Award>	The Otto Laporte Award (1972–2003) was an annual award by the American Physical Society (APS) to "recognize outstanding contributions to fluid dynamics" and to honour Otto Laporte (1902–1971). It was established as the Otto Laporte Memorial Lectureship by the APS Division of Fluid Dynamics in 1972, and became an APS award in 1985. The Otto Laporte Award was merged into the Fluid Dynamics Prize in 2004, in order to obtain one major prize in fluid dynamics by the APS.This fluid dynamics–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Shawnee,_Oklahoma>	Shawnee (Meskwaki: Shânîheki) is a city in Pottawatomie County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 29,857 in 2010, a 4.9 percent increase from the figure of 28,692 in 2000. The city is part of the Oklahoma City-Shawnee Combined Statistical Area; it is also the county seat of Pottawatomie County and the principal city of the Shawnee Micropolitan Statistical Area.With access to Interstate 40, Shawnee is approximately 45 minutes east of downtown Oklahoma City. To the east and northeast, Shawnee is 112 miles from the McClellan-Kerr Arkansas River Navigation System, which provides shipping barge access to the Gulf of Mexico.The area surrounding Shawnee was settled after the American Civil War by a number of tribes that the federal government had removed to Indian Territory. The Sac and Fox originally were deeded land in the immediate area but were soon followed by the Kickapoo, Shawnee, and Pottawatomi Indians. These federally recognized tribes continue to reside today in and around Shawnee.
<James_H._Wilkinson>	James Hardy Wilkinson FRS (27 September 1919 – 5 October 1986) was a prominent figure in the field of numerical analysis, a field at the boundary of applied mathematics and computer science particularly useful to physics and engineering.Born in Strood, England, he won a Foundation Scholarship to Sir Joseph Williamson's Mathematical School in Rochester. He studied the Cambridge Mathematical Tripos at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated as Senior Wrangler.
<Herbert_C._Brown>	Herbert Charles Brown (May 22, 1912 – December 19, 2004) was an American chemist and recipient of the 1979 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his work with organoboranes.Brown was born Herbert Brovarnik in London, to Ukrainian Jewish immigrants from Zhitomir, Pearl (née Gorinstein) and Charles Brovarnik, a hardware store manager and carpenter. His family moved to Chicago in June 1914, when he was two years old.  Brown attended Crane Junior College in Chicago, where he met Sarah Baylen, whom he would later marry.  The college was under threat of closing, and Brown and Baylen transferred to Wright Junior College.  In 1935 he left Wright Junior College and that autumn entered the University of Chicago, completed two years of studies in three quarters, and earned a B.S. in 1936.  That same year, he became a naturalized United States citizen.  On February 6, 1937, Brown married Baylen, the person he credits with making him interested in hydrides of boron, a topic related to the work in which he, together with Georg Wittig, won the Nobel prize in Chemistry in 1979.  Two years after starting graduate studies, he earned a Ph.D. in 1938, also from the University of Chicago.Unable to find a position in industry, he decided to accept a postdoctoral position.  This became the beginning of his academic career.  He became an instructor at the University of Chicago in 1939, and held the position for four years before moving to Wayne University in Detroit as an assistant professor.  In 1946, he was promoted to associate professor.  He became a professor of inorganic chemistry at Purdue University in 1947 and joined the Beta Nu chapter of Alpha Chi Sigma there in 1960.  He held the position of Professor Emeritus from 1978 until his death in 2004. The Herbert C. Brown Laboratory of Chemistry was named after him on Purdue University's campus. He was an honorary member of the International Academy of Science, Munich.
<Lorna_Patterson>	Lorna Patterson (born October 1, 1956) is an American film, stage and television actress and, more recently, a Jewish cantor.  As an actress, her best-known roles were as Randy, the singing stewardess, in Airplane!, and as the lead in the television series Private Benjamin.Patterson was born in Whittier, California, where she attended Rio Hondo College for a single semester. Patterson began her professional career while still in high school, performing melodrama at The Bird Cage Theatre at Knott's Berry Farm.She is a founding member of the Musical Theatre Guild and has appeared in many stage musicals.
<Wentworth_(TV_series)>	Wentworth is an Australian television drama series. It was first broadcast on SoHo on 1 May 2013 and it concluded on Fox Showcase with its 100th episode on 26 October 2021. The series serves as a contemporary reimagining of Prisoner, which ran on Network Ten from 1979 to 1986. Lara Radulovich and David Hannam developed Wentworth from Reg Watson's original concept. The series is set in the modern day and initially focuses on Bea Smith's (Danielle Cormack) early days in prison and her subsequent rise to the top of the prison's hierarchy. From the fifth season onward, the series shifted to emphasize more of an ensemble format. For the first three seasons, Wentworth was filmed on purpose-built sets in the suburbs of Clayton, Victoria. Starting with the fourth season, production moved to Newport, Victoria. The show has received a mostly positive reception from critics, and the first episode became the most watched Australian drama series premiere in Foxtel history. The series was picked up by several countries, including New Zealand and the UK, where it is titled Wentworth Prison.
<Terry_Rhoads>	Terry Rhoads (December 31, 1951 – October 11, 2013) was an American television actor. In 1998, he played the leading role in the short-lived situation comedy Living in Captivity.Rhoads appeared on television, usually playing supporting characters. As such he appeared such television programs as Murphy Brown, Grace Under Fire, Seinfeld, Party of Five, 7th Heaven, The Norm Show, The Drew Carey Show, Friends, Yes, Dear, 3rd Rock from the Sun, Ally McBeal, Malcolm in the Middle, Navy NCIS, Phil of the Future, House M.D., Desperate Housewives, My Wife and Kids, Hannah Montana, What I Like About You, Two and a Half Men, That '70s Show, Better Off Ted, among others.Rhoads died of amyloidosis on October 11, 2013, aged 61, in Los Angeles, California. Rhoads was married to actress Lise Simms until his death; the couple had two children.[citation needed]
<E._O._Wilson>	Edward Osborne Wilson (June 10, 1929 – December 26, 2021) was an American biologist, naturalist, entomologist and writer. According to David Attenborough, Wilson was the world's leading expert in his specialty of myrmecology, the study of ants. He was nicknamed the "ant man".Wilson has been called "the father of sociobiology", "the father of biodiversity" and the "natural heir" to Charles Darwin. He has been praised for his environmental advocacy, and his secular-humanist and deist ideas pertaining to religious and ethical matters. Among his contributions to ecological theory is the theory of island biogeography (developed in collaboration with the mathematical ecologist Robert MacArthur), which served as the foundation of the field of conservation area design, as well as the unified neutral theory of biodiversity of Stephen P. Hubbell.
<Macalester_College>	Macalester College (/məˈkælɪstər/) is a private liberal arts college in Saint Paul, Minnesota. Founded in 1874, Macalester is exclusively an undergraduate four-year institution and enrolled 2,174 students in the fall of 2018 from 50 U.S. states, four U.S territories, the District of Columbia and 97 countries. The college has Scottish roots and emphasizes internationalism and multiculturalism.Macalester College was founded by Rev. Dr. Edward Duffield Neill in 1874 with help from the Presbyterian Church in Minnesota. Neill had served as a chaplain in the Civil War and traveled to Minnesota Territory in 1849. He became connected politically and socially. He went on to found two local churches, was appointed the first Chancellor of the University of Minnesota, and became the state's first superintendent of public education. In leaving the University of Minnesota Board of Regents he desired to build a religious college affiliated with the Presbyterian Church that would also be open to other Christian church members.The college's original name was Baldwin College; it was affiliated with the Baldwin School, a Presbyterian secondary school. After a large donation from Charles Macalester, a prominent businessman and philanthropist from Philadelphia, the institution was renamed Macalester College. Macalester donated a hotel, the Winslow House, as the first permanent classroom building. With additional funding from the Presbyterian Church and its trustees, Macalester College opened for courses in 1885 with five teachers, six freshmen, and 52 preparatory students.James Wallace joined the faculty in 1887 and later became president. He helped stabilize the college's finances and advance the institution. During his tenure, Macalester created a focus on a liberal arts curriculum. In 1897, Nellie A. Hope was the first woman appointed to the institution's newly organized music department.
<BTV_(Bulgaria)>	bTV is the first private nationwide television channel in Bulgaria. It is operated by bTV Media Group, as part of Central European Media Enterprises, and is reportedly the Bulgarian television channel with the largest viewing audience. It was previously owned by Balkan News Corporation, part of News Corporation. On February 18, 2010, News Corp announced that it had agreed to sell 94% of bTV (along with bTV Comedy and bTV Cinema) to Central European Media Enterprises, after many months of negotiations. The US$400M deal was completed in the second quarter of 2010. bTV has a 37% market share in Bulgaria.bTV is broadcast terrestrially in Bulgaria and by satellite internationally. Most of the channel's original content is available on its Internet site. bTV's first broadcast was on 1 June 2000 using BNT transmitters for Efir 2. The channel began broadcasting 24 hours a day on February 18, 2001, after having gradually extended its program. On October 7, 2012, the channel began broadcasting an HD version, and the old SD channel converted to 16:9 for most newer programs.bTV is the leading channel in bTV Media Group along with - bTV Comedy, bTV Cinema, bTV Action, bTV Lady and RING. bTV also owns six radio stations - bTV Radio, N-JOY, Z-Rock, Classic FM, and Jazz FM.
<Jack_Telnack>	Jack Telnack (born John J. Telnack in 1937) is the former global Vice President of Design of the Ford Motor Company from 1980 to 1997. He is best known for his work with cars like the 1979 Ford Mustang (third generation), the 1983 Ford Thunderbird (ninth generation), and the 1986 Ford Taurus that ushered in a new era of aerodynamic design to America's mainstream marketplace. After his training at the Art Center College of Design, Telnack began working as a designer for Ford in 1958, and became the head stylist of the Lincoln-Mercury Division in 1965. In 1966, he became the chief designer of Ford's Australian branch, where he led the redesign of the Ford Falcon, and served as the Vice President of Design for Ford of Europe in 1974. Ushering a new era of aerodynamic design to America's mainstream marketplace, Telnack and his team of designers were responsible for cars like the 1979 Ford Mustang (third generation), the 1983 Ford Thunderbird (ninth generation), the 1984 Ford Tempo and the 1984 Continental Mark VII were moderate successes that showed Ford's intention to change their traditional design language for a more contemporary, European style.
<Adelaide>	Adelaide (/ˈædɪleɪd/ (listen) AD-il-ayd) is the capital city of South Australia, the state's largest city and the fifth-most populous city in Australia. "Adelaide" may refer to either Greater Adelaide (including the Adelaide Hills) or the Adelaide city centre. The demonym Adelaidean is used to denote the city and the residents of Adelaide. The Traditional Owners of the Adelaide region are the Kaurna people. The area of the city centre and surrounding parklands is called Tarndanya in the Kaurna language.Adelaide is situated on the Adelaide Plains north of the Fleurieu Peninsula, between the Gulf St Vincent in the west and the Mount Lofty Ranges in the east. Its metropolitan area extends 20 km (12 mi) from the coast to the foothills of the Mount Lofty Ranges, and stretches 96 km (60 mi) from Gawler in the north to Sellicks Beach in the south.
<Lars_Onsager_Prize>	The Lars Onsager Prize is a prize in theoretical statistical physics awarded annually by the American Physical Society. Prize recipients receive a medal, certificate, and $10,000.  It was established in 1993 by Drs. Russell and Marian Donnelly in memory of Lars Onsager.This science awards article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Jo_Ann_Emerson>	Jo Ann Emerson (née Hermann; born September 16, 1950) is an American politician who was the U.S. representative for Missouri's 8th congressional district from 1996 to 2013. The district consists of Southeast and South Central Missouri and includes the Bootheel, the Lead Belt and the Ozarks. Emerson is a member of the Republican Party. On January 22, 2013, Emerson resigned her seat in Congress to become the president and chief executive officer of the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association. She served as CEO until August 2015.With the defeat of Congressman Ike Skelton, Emerson became the dean of Missouri's congressional delegation in 2011.
<10\u005e16_to_1>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<CargoNet>	CargoNet AS is the primary operator of freight trains on the Norwegian railway system. It was formed as NSB Gods after NSB (now Vy) fissioned into a passenger and a freight company. NSB Gods changed its name to CargoNet at the beginning of 2002. It was originally owned by NSB (55% share hold) and the Swedish freight company Green Cargo; however Green Cargo sold their share to NSB in 2010, making the latter the sole owner. The Norwegian CargoNet AS has a subsidiary company in Sweden called CargoNet AB which was purchased as RailCombi AB.Twenty-three terminals are served by CargoNet, predominantly in Norway and Sweden; operations provide both container and bulk-cargo trains.Locomotives of type El 14, CD 66, and some of the El 16s have a dark gray livery with a checkered yellow and black stripe somewhere. This is a partly "refreshment" of the gray NSB-Gods livery. The Di 8 and some shunters tend to use the older yellow livery with a red driver's cab (about half of the Di 8 has got new livery in silver with yellow stripe and yellow checkered "arrow" on the side). The rest of the locomotives (El 16, CE 119 and CD 312) got new livery in silver, with yellow stripe along the side, and a checkered yellow "arrow".
<Leo_Bertos>	Leonida Christos Bertos (born 20 December 1981) is a New Zealand professional footballer who lasted played as a midfielder for Hamilton Olympic in the National Premier Leagues. Leo Bertos is currently the head coach of Northern NSW NPL side Weston Bears FCA New Zealand international from 2003 to 2013, he represented his country at the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
<Postman_Pat>	Postman Pat is a British stop-motion animated television series first produced by Woodland Animations. The series follows the adventures of Pat Clifton, a postman who works for Royal Mail postal service in the fictional village of Greendale (inspired by the real valley of Longsleddale near Kendal).Postman Pat's first 13-episode series was screened on BBC One in 1981. John Cunliffe wrote the original treatment and scripts for the series, which was directed by animator Ivor Wood, who also worked on The Magic Roundabout, The Wombles, Paddington, and The Herbs. Following the success of the first series, four TV specials and a second series of 13 episodes were produced during the 1990s. In this series, Pat had a family shown on screen for the first time (though his wife had been mentioned in a number of episodes).
<Sundari_K._Shridharani>	Sundari K. Shridharani (6 April 1925 – 7 April 2012) was the founder and director of Triveni Kala Sangam, a multi-arts institution, which she established in 1950.Born in Hyderabad, Sindh, in undivided India, Shridharani started learning dance while at Santiniketan, thereafter she joined the Uday Shankar at Indian Cultural Centre, at Almora, where she trained in Kathakali under Guru Shankaran Namboodiri and in Manipuri dance under Guru Amubi Singh. Subsequently, she joined Ginner Mawer School of Dance and Drama, London, where she learnt Greek dance. She married to Krishnalal Shridharani (1911 – 1960), a poet, playwright and journalist.
<Michael_J._Pollard>	Michael J. Pollard (born Michael John Pollack Jr.; May 30, 1939 – November 20, 2019) was an American actor. He is best known for his role as C.W. Moss in the film Bonnie and Clyde (1967), which earned him critical acclaim along with nominations for an Academy Award, a British Academy Film Award, and two Golden Globe Awards.Pollard was born in Passaic, New Jersey, and brought up in the nearby North Jersey communities of Garfield and Clifton. He was the son of Sonia V. (née Dubanowich) and Michael John Pollack, a bar manager. His parents were both of Polish descent. His mother was born in New York and his father was born in New Jersey.  Pollard's father supported his wife and Michael Jr. by working 60 hours a week as a barman at O'Rourke's Tap Room. Pollard attended Montclair Academy (now Montclair Kimberley Academy) and Actors Studio in New York.
<MCA_Inc.>	MCA Inc.  (originally an initialism for Music Corporation of America) was an American media conglomerate founded in 1924. Originally a talent agency  with artists in the music business as clients, the company  became a major force in the film industry, and later expanded into television production. MCA published music, booked acts, ran a record company, represented film, television, and radio stars, and eventually produced and sold television programs to the three major television networks, especially NBC.MCA was the legal predecessor of Vivendi Universal and thereby NBCUniversal. Its other legal successor is Universal Music Group Holding Corp, a holding company owned by Universal Music Group (which has absorbed PolyGram).MCA was formed in 1924 by Jules Stein and William R. Goodheart, Jr., as Music Corporation of America, a music booking agency based in Chicago, Illinois. MCA helped pioneer modern practices of touring bands and name acts. Early on, MCA booked such prominent artists as King Oliver and Jelly Roll Morton for clubs and speakeasies run by legendary notorious Chicago mobsters such as Al Capone and others.
<Time_Warner_Cable>	Time Warner Cable, Inc. (TWC) was an American cable television company. Before it was acquired by Charter Communications on May 18, 2016, it was ranked the second largest cable company in the United States by revenue behind only Comcast, operating in 29 states.  Its corporate headquarters were located in the Time Warner Center in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, with other corporate offices in Stamford, Connecticut; Charlotte, North Carolina; and Herndon, Virginia.It was controlled by Warner Communications, then by Time Warner (later known as WarnerMedia and now Warner Bros. Discovery). That company spun off the cable operations in March 2009 as part of a larger restructuring. From 2009 to 2016, Time Warner Cable was an entirely independent company, continuing to use the Time Warner name under license from its former parent company (including the "Road Runner" name for its Internet service, now Spectrum Internet).
<Alexander_L._Wolf>	Alexander L. Wolf (born 12 September 1956) is a Computer Scientist known for his research in software engineering, distributed systems,and computer networking. He is credited, along with his many collaborators, with introducing the modern study of software architecture,content-based publish/subscribe messaging,content-based networking, automated process discovery,and the software deployment lifecycle. Wolf's 1985 Ph.D. dissertationdeveloped language features for expressing a module's import/export specifications and the notion of multiple interfaces for a type, both of which are nowcommon in modern computer programming languages.Wolf is Past President of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM).Previously, he served as ACM's Vice President, Secretary-Treasurer, Chair of the Special Interest Group (SIG) Governing Board, and Chair of SIGSOFT, thespecial interest group in software engineering. He has been an associate editor of the ACM Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology andIEEE Transactions on Software Engineering.For his research and service, Wolf has been awarded numerous honors, including elevation to ACM Fellow, IEEE Fellow, andBCS Chartered Fellow.
<Reg_Turnbull>	Reginald John David "Spot" Turnbull (21 February 1908 – 17 July 2006) was an Australian politician.He was a member of the Tasmanian House of Assembly from 1946 to 1961 (1946–1959 for the Labor Party, 1959–1961 as an Independent), then a Senator for Tasmania from 1962 until 1974.
<University_of_Illinois_at_Urbana–Champaign>	The University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign (U of I, Illinois, University of Illinois, or UIUC) is a public land-grant research university in Illinois in the twin cities of Champaign and Urbana. It is the flagship institution of the University of Illinois system and was founded in 1867. Enrolling over 56,000 undergraduate and graduate students, the University of Illinois is one of the largest public universities by enrollment in the country.The University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign is a member of the Association of American Universities and is classified among "R1: Doctoral Universities – Very high research activity". In fiscal year 2019, research expenditures at Illinois totaled $652 million. The campus library system possesses the second-largest university library in the United States by holdings after Harvard University. The university also hosts the National Center for Supercomputing Applications (NCSA) and is home to the fastest supercomputer on a university campus.
<Mehriban_Aliyeva>	Mehriban Arif gizi Aliyeva (née Pashayeva; Azerbaijani: Mehriban Arif qızı Əliyeva Paşayeva, IPA: [mehɾiˈbɑn ɑˈɾif ɡɯˈzɯ æˈlijevɑ pɑˈʃɑjevɑ]; born 26 August 1964) is an Azerbaijani politician and physician who is the vice president and First Lady of Azerbaijan.She is married to Ilham Aliyev, the president of Azerbaijan. Aliyev created the position of vice president in 2017 and appointed his wife to the position.Mehriban Aliyeva (née Pashayeva) was born in Baku, and is from a family described in leaked US Embassy cables as "the single most powerful family in Azerbaijan." Her grandfather was the writer Mir Jalal Pashayev, an Iranian Azerbaijani born in Iran. Her uncle Hafiz Pashayev was Azerbaijan's first Ambassador to the United States. Aliyeva's father Arif Pashayev is Rector of the National Aviation Academy in Baku, and her mother, Aida Imanguliyeva (1939–1992) was a philologist and Arabist, daughter of the journalist and pedagogue Nasir Imanguliyev.
<Jack_Garman>	John Royer "Jack" Garman (September 11, 1944 – September 20, 2016) was a computer engineer, former senior NASA executive and noted key figure of the Apollo 11 lunar landing. As a young specialist on duty during the final descent stage on 20 July 1969 he dealt with a series of computer alarms which could have caused the mission to be aborted.Garman was born September 11, 1944, in Oak Park, Illinois, and attended the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor. He graduated in 1966 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering Physics and a specialty in Computing.In 1966, at age 21, Garman was hired by NASA. He chose to specialize in onboard computing and was assigned to the Apollo Guidance Program Section where he worked with MIT, supervising the design and testing of the Apollo Guidance Computer.
<Endre_Szemerédi>	Endre Szemerédi (Hungarian: [ˈɛndrɛ ˈsɛmɛreːdi]; born August 21, 1940) is a Hungarian-American mathematician and computer scientist, working in the field of combinatorics and theoretical computer science. He has been the State of New Jersey Professor of computer science at Rutgers University since 1986. He also holds a professor emeritus status at the Alfréd Rényi Institute of Mathematics of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.Szemerédi has won prizes in mathematics and science, including the Abel Prize in 2012. He has made a number of discoveries in combinatorics and computer science, including Szemerédi's theorem, the Szemerédi regularity lemma, the Erdős–Szemerédi theorem, the Hajnal–Szemerédi theorem and the Szemerédi–Trotter theorem.
<Lakeland,_Florida>	Lakeland is the most populous city in Polk County, Florida, part of the Tampa Bay Area, located along Interstate 4 east of Tampa. According to the 2020 U.S. Census Bureau release, the city had a population of 112,641. Lakeland is a principal city of the Lakeland–Winter Haven Metropolitan Statistical Area.European-American settlers arrived in Lakeland from Missouri, Kentucky, Tennessee, Georgia and South Carolina in the 1870s. The city expanded in the 1880s with the arrival of rail service, with the first freedmen railway workers settling here in 1883. They and European immigrants also came because of land development opportunities with farming, citrus, cattle and phosphate industry developing. Lakeland is home to the 1,267-acre Circle B Bar Reserve.
<Pernod_Ricard>	Pernod Ricard (French pronunciation: ​[pɛʁno ʁikaʁ]) is a French company best known for its anise-flavoured pastis apéritifs Pernod Anise and Ricard Pastis (often referred to simply as Pernod or Ricard).  The world’s second-largest wine and spirits seller, it also produces several other types of pastis.After the banning of absinthe, Pernod Ricard was created from the Pernod Fils company, which had produced absinthe. Pernod Ricard owned the distilled beverage division of the former corporation Seagram (including brands like Chivas Regal) until 2006, along with many other holdings. In 2005, the company acquired a British-based competitor, Allied Domecq PLC.In 2008, Pernod Ricard announced its acquisition of Swedish-based V&S Group, which produces Absolut Vodka. In 2013, Pernod Ricard joined leading alcohol producers as part of a producers' commitments to reducing harmful drinking.
<G._Michael_Deeb>	Performing surgery on gospel singer Ronald WinansCharles C. Moore Teaching Award for Residents (1976)Southwestern Pennsylvania Chapter of the American College of Surgeons Award for Best Resident Research Presentation Automatic Implantable Defibrillator (1979)Pittsburgh Academy of Medicine Best Resident Research Award, Physiologic and Pathologic Effects of an Automatic Implantable Defibrillator (1980)W. Embery Burnett Teaching Award, Temple University Hospital, Philadelphia, PA (1982)Alpha Omega Alpha, Honor Medical Society, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA (1992)Dean's Award for Outstanding Clinician, University of Michigan Medical School, Ann Arbor, MI (2007)G. Michael Deeb is a Lebanese-American cardiothoracic surgeon. He serves as a Herbert Sloan Collegiate Professor of Surgery and Director of the Multidisciplinary Aortic Clinic at the University of Michigan. He has published 143 articles in journals and books and lectures both nationally and internationally on topics such as valve implantation and cardiac valve implantation.
<Mahmood_Mamdani>	Mahmood Mamdani, FBA (born 23 April 1946) is an Indian-born Ugandan academic, author, and political commentator. He currently serves as the Chancellor of Kampala International University, Uganda. He was the director of the Makerere Institute of Social Research (MISR) from 2010 until February 2022, the Herbert Lehman Professor of Government at the School of International and Public Affairs, Columbia University and the Professor of Anthropology, Political Science and African Studies at Columbia University.Mamdani is a third generation Ugandan of Indian ancestry. He was born in Mumbai and grew up in Kampala. Both his parents were born in the neighbouring Tanganyika Territory (present day Tanzania). He was educated at the Government Primary School in Dar es Salaam, Government Primary School in Masaka, K.S.I. Primary School in Kampala, Shimoni and Nakivubo Government Primary Schools in Kampala, and Old Kampala Senior Secondary School.
<The_Corrections>	The Corrections is a 2001 novel by American author Jonathan Franzen. It revolves around the troubles of an elderly Midwestern couple and their three adult children, tracing their lives from the mid-20th century to "one last Christmas" together near the turn of the millennium. The novel was awarded the National Book Award in 2001 and the James Tait Black Memorial Prize in 2002.The Corrections was published to wide acclaim from literary critics for its characterization and prose. While the novel's release preceded the September 11 terrorist attacks by ten days, many have interpreted The Corrections as having prescient insight into the major concerns and general mood of post-9/11 American life, and it has been listed in multiple publications as one of the greatest novels of the 21st century.
<2K_Marin>	2K Marin, Inc. was an American video game developer based in Novato, California. Founded in December 2007 as a spin-off from their parent, 2K, the company developed BioShock 2 (2010) and The Bureau: XCOM Declassified (2013) before laying off or relocating all staff in October 2013 and silently being closed.The formation of 2K Marin was announced on December 17, 2007. The studio was spun out of 2K, a publishing subsidiary of Take-Two Interactive, to develop a second installment in the BioShock series, following disputes with Ken Levine, the director of the first game.
<A_Bunch_of_Fives>	A Bunch of Fives is an English children’s television show from ATV, broadcast for two series of seven episodes each in 1977 and 1978 on ITV. A precursor of Grange Hill, it starred Andrew Rinous, Lesley Manville and Jamie Foreman as Fifth formers who start a school newspaper. The show spawned one paperback tie-in.The series was released on DVD by Network in May 2010.
<Vejle_Boldklub>	Vejle Boldklub is a Danish professional football club based in Vejle in Jutland. Formed in 1891, the club is one of the most successful clubs in Danish football history, having won the Danish championship five times and the Danish cup title six times.VB is famous for being the only Danish club to develop a European Footballer of the Year winner in Allan Simonsen who won it in 1977. The club is also famous for developing several international players such as Thomas Gravesen, Tommy Troelsen, Ulrik le Fevre, and John Sivebæk. On the European stage, Vejle Boldklub has played in the UEFA Champions League in 1972–73, 1973–74, 1979–80, and 1985–86. VB has also participated in the UEFA Cup Winners Cup and the UEFA Cup three times each. VB's most memorable moments in Europe so far has been reaching the UEFA Cup Winners Cup Quarter-finals in 1977–78, facing HNK Hajduk Split in the UEFA Champions League Round of 16 in 1979–80, and beating Real Betis 1–0 in the first leg of the 1st round of the 1998–99 UEFA Cup tournament.The club is based in the northern part of the city with the club's homeground being Vejle Stadium built in 2008. The stadium is located in Nørreskoven (the northern forest) which VB has called home since 1922. The club has played in red shirts and white shorts since 1911. The main rivals of Vejle Boldklub are AGF and AC Horsens.
<Ranjitram_Suvarna_Chandrak>	Ranjitram Suvarna Chandrak, also known as the Ranjitram Gold Medal, was founded by Gujarat Sahitya Sabha and is considered the highest literary award in Gujarati literature. The award is named after renowned Gujarati writer Ranjitram Mehta. It is awarded since 1928.List of recipients:
<Anthony_Leiserowitz>	Anthony Leiserowitz is a human geographer at Yale University who studies public perceptions of climate change. He has particularly examined perceptions within the United States, where people are considerably less aware of climate change than in other countries. In the U.S., awareness of information about climate change is heavily influenced by emotion, imagery, associations, and values. Their public discourse reflects a lack of understanding of the science involved in climate change and little awareness of the potential for effective responses to it.Sometimes referred to as Tony Leiserowitz, he grew up on a farm in Michigan. His parents were sculptors. He received his undergraduate degree at Michigan State University in 1990 and then moved to Colorado, looking to work as ski bum. While there, he became interested in climate change and went to University of Oregon to study under Paul Slovic, an expert in risk perception. In 2003, Leiserowitz received his Ph.D. in human geography.
<Tracy_Nelson_(actress)>	Tracy Kristine Nelson (born October 25, 1963) is an American actress. From a long line of entertainers, she is the daughter of musician Ricky Nelson and actress and painter Kristin Nelson.Nelson was born in Santa Monica, California. She is a fourth-generation performer. Her great-grandparents were vaudeville performers Hazel Dell (née McNutt) and Roy Hilliard Snyder. Their daughter was her paternal grandmother Harriet Nelson, the star of the ABC-TV sitcom The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet from 1952-1966. Her parents were musician / film actor Ricky Nelson and actress/artist Kristin Nelson (née Harmon). She has three younger siblings: Matthew Nelson and Gunnar Nelson of the 1990s rock group Nelson, and Sam Nelson. Her paternal grandparents were Ozzie and Harriet Hilliard Nelson. Nelson's maternal grandparents were football star Tom Harmon, a Heisman Trophy winner from the University of Michigan, and actress Elyse Knox. She is also the niece of actors David Nelson, and her mother's siblings Mark Harmon and Kelly Harmon.She went to The Buckley School and graduated in 1981 from the Westlake School for Girls (now Harvard-Westlake School) in Los Angeles. She attended Bard College in upstate New York, studying Dance and European History.
<Solomon_Passy>	Solomon Isaac Passy (Bulgarian: Соломон Исак Паси) (born 22 December 1956) is a Bulgarian scientist, politician, and innovator, founder and President of the Atlantic Club of Bulgaria (since 1990),[citation needed] Foreign Minister in the 2001–2005 Sakskoburggotski Government,[citation needed] Chairman-in-Office of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) in 2004.[citation needed] He represented Bulgaria at UN Security Council and was its Chairman (September 2002 and December 2003),[citation needed] and was nominated by Bulgaria for Secretary General of NATO (2009).[citation needed]Passy served as Chairman of the Parliamentary Committees on Foreign Affairs (2005-2009) and Foreign Affairs, Defense and Security (2001).[citation needed] He was a Member of Parliament in three legislations (1990-1991, 2001-2005, 2005–2009) and the first CEE Vice-President of the Atlantic Treaty Association (ATA), Paris (1996-1999) and Chair of the Transparency and Accountability Committee of the Parliamentary Assembly of OSCE (2006-2009).[citation needed]
<Rona_Anderson>	Rona Anderson (3 August 1926 – 23 July 2013) was a Scottish stage, film, and television actress. She appeared in TV series and on the stage and films throughout the 1950s. She appeared in the films Scrooge and The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie and on TV in Dr Finlay's Casebook and Dixon of Dock Green.Rona Anderson was born in Edinburgh to James and Evelyn (née Thomson) Anderson. She was educated in her home town and briefly in Ottawa during the war. She trained for the stage at the Glover Turner-Robertson School in Edinburgh.
<Hotel_Bristol,_Warsaw>	Hotel Bristol, Warsaw is a historic five-star luxury hotel built in the Neo-Renaissance style and opened in 1901 in Warsaw, Poland. It is located in the city centre on Krakowskie Przedmieście next to the Presidential Palace. The hotel is one of the most notable historic monuments of the Royal Route (Polish: Trakt Królewski) and remains among the few landmarks of Warsaw which emerged relatively unscathed from the city's near total destruction during World War II. It is considered as Warsaw's oldest and one of the country's most luxurious hotels.The Hotel Bristol was constructed from 1899-1900 on the site of the Tarnowski Palace by a company whose partners included Polish pianist Ignacy Jan Paderewski. A competition was held for the design of the building, and architects Tadeusz Stryjeński and Franciszek Mączyński won with their Art Nouveau design. However the builders decided to change the style to a Neo-Renaissance design, and brought in architect Władysław Marconi to design the final hotel. Some of its interiors were designed by the noted Viennese architect Otto Wagner Jr. The cornerstone was laid on April 22, 1899 and the hotel was dedicated on November 17, 1901 and opened on November 19, 1901. Among the notable features of the newly-built hotel was the country's first elevator.
<BMW_Z9>	The BMW Z9 (or Z9 Gran Turismo, Z9 GT) is a four-seat coupe concept car, carbon-fiber skin over an aluminum space frame. It was introduced on September in 1999 at the Frankfurt Auto Show. During the 2000 Paris Auto Show a convertible variant of the Z9 was debuted. It was designed by Chris Bangle, who was promoted to Director of BMW Group Design. Much of the styling found on E63 6 series is derived from the Z9.A large, 8.8-inch monitor in the center of the dashboard displays all the information the driver needs, apart from the speedometer and tachometer, which are conventional analog instruments. The monitor is positioned within the driver's field of vision, allowing it to be viewed while focusing attention on the road ahead. Controls are operated with a single large, multifunction knob located between the front seats. The control (called the Intuitive Interaction Concept) consists of a combination rotary and push button for selecting functions. Confirmation of the selected mode is displayed on the dash mounted screen. Several hundred functions can be controlled with this device. The concept of operating the Z9, which BMW calls Intuitive Interaction Concept, allows the driver to easily activate functions while driving without the need to constantly examine and manipulate conventional controls. It was an early prototype of the series production iDrive, introduced in 2001 on the BMW 7 Series (E65).The Z9 has only a starter button and light switch on the dashboard. An electronic key is used to activate the driver's controls. Then, a simple starter button starts the engine. The instrument panel folds out when started. Classical music then plays and a circular dial emerges to provides feedback to the driver.
<Júlia_Lemmertz>	Júlia Lemmertz Dias (born March 18, 1963) is a Brazilian television, film and stage actress.Júlia was born in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul, to actors Lineu Dias and Lílian Lemmertz. Her career started when she was a child, and since then, Lemmertz has starred in over 40 soap operas.Lemmertz was married to Álvaro Osório, a Rede Globo executive, from 1986 to 1990, with whom she had a daughter, Luiza (born 1987).While filming Guerra Sem Fim (1993), Lemmertz began a relationship with actor Alexandre Borges. The couple were married in 1993 and have a son, Miguel (born 2000). They divorced in 2015.
<American_University>	The American University (AU or American) is a private federally chartered research university in Washington, D.C. Its main campus spans 90 acres (36 ha) on Ward Circle, mostly in the Spring Valley neighborhood of Northwest D.C. AU was chartered by an Act of Congress in 1893 at the urging of Methodist bishop John Fletcher Hurst, who sought to create an institution that would promote public service, internationalism, and pragmatic idealism. AU broke ground in 1902, opened as a graduate education institution in 1914, and admitted its first undergraduates in 1925. Although affiliated with the United Methodist Church, religious affiliation is not a criterion for admission.American University has eight schools and colleges: the School of International Service, College of Arts and Sciences, Kogod School of Business, School of Communication, School of Professional and Extended Studies, School of Public Affairs, School of Education, and the Washington College of Law (WCL). It has over 160 programs, including 71 bachelor's degrees, 87 master's degrees, and 10 doctoral degrees, as well as JD, LLM, and SJD programs. AU's student body numbers over 13,000 and represents all 50 U.S. states and 141 countries; around a fifth of students are international. It is classified among "R2: Doctoral Universities – High research activity".
<Sacred_Heart_Cathedral,_Wellington>	The Metropolitan Cathedral of the Sacred Heart and of Saint Mary His Mother, better known as Sacred Heart Cathedral, is a Roman Catholic cathedral on Hill Street, Wellington, New Zealand. It is the parish church of the Thorndon Catholic parish (founded 1850) and the cathedral of the Archbishop of Wellington. The New Zealand Parliament is a close neighbour of the cathedral. However, the Thorndon Catholic parish predates that institution. The cathedral is part of a Catholic precinct which includes St Mary's College; Sacred Heart Cathedral School; St Mary's Convent, the motherhouse of the Sisters of Mercy in Wellington; the Catholic Centre, in which Catholic administration is located; and Viard House, which is both the cathedral parish presbytery and the residence of the archbishop.The church was popularly known as "the Basilica", because of its palladian architectural style. It was designated as the cathedral of Wellington in 1984 after earthquake strengthening and the addition of the Blessed Sacrament chapel, foyer, sacristy, courtyard, hall (called Connolly Hall) and piazza. The parish of Thorndon was administered by the Society of Mary (Marist Fathers) for eighty-five years until 1935, although secular or diocesan clergy were also stationed there. The founder of the see, Bishop Viard, and the first two archbishops, Redwood and O'Shea, were also members of the Society of Mary. Since 1954 all the archbishops and the resident clergy of the cathedral have been secular clergy.
<Seth_Rogen>	Seth Aaron Rogen (/ˈroʊɡən/; born April 15, 1982) is a Canadian-American actor, comedian and filmmaker. Originally a stand-up comedian in Vancouver, he moved to Los Angeles for a part in Judd Apatow's series Freaks and Geeks, and then got a part on Apatow's sitcom Undeclared, which also hired him as a writer. After landing his job as a staff writer on the final season of Da Ali G Show, Apatow guided Rogen toward a film career. As a staff writer, he was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Variety Series.His first movie appearance was a minor role in Donnie Darko (2001). Rogen was cast in a supporting role and credited as a co-producer in Apatow's directorial debut, The 40-Year-Old Virgin (2005). Universal Pictures subsequently cast him as the lead in Apatow's films Knocked Up (2007) and Funny People (2009). Rogen and his writing partner, Evan Goldberg, co-wrote the films Superbad (2007), Pineapple Express (2008), The Green Hornet (2011) and This Is the End (2013), and directed both This Is the End and The Interview (2014), all of which Rogen starred in. Rogen also starred in the comedies Neighbors (2014), its 2016 sequel, The Disaster Artist (2017), Long Shot (2019) and An American Pickle (2020).
<Marshall_Harvey_Stone>	Marshall Harvey Stone (April 8, 1903 – January 9, 1989) was an American mathematician who contributed to real analysis, functional analysis, topology and the study of Boolean algebras.Stone was the son of Harlan Fiske Stone, who was the Chief Justice of the United States in 1941–1946. Marshall Stone's family expected him to become a lawyer like his father, but he became enamored of mathematics while he was a Harvard University undergraduate. He completed a Harvard PhD in 1926, with a thesis on differential equations that was supervised by George David Birkhoff. Between 1925 and 1937, he taught at Harvard, Yale University, and Columbia University. Stone was promoted to a full professor at Harvard in 1937.During World War II, Stone did classified research as part of the "Office of Naval Operations" and the "Office of the Chief of Staff" of the United States Department of War. In 1946, he became the chairman of the Mathematics Department at the University of Chicago, a position that he held until 1952. While chairman, Stone hired several notable mathematicians including Paul Halmos, André Weil, Saunders Mac Lane, Antoni Zygmund, and Shiing-Shen Chern. He remained on the faculty at this university until 1968, after which he taught at the University of Massachusetts Amherst until 1980.
<Marc_Mero>	Marc Mero (born July 9, 1960) is an American former amateur boxer and professional wrestler, as well as a motivational speaker. He is best known for his appearances with the World Wrestling Federation (WWF, now WWE) under his real name and with World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and NWA Total Nonstop Action (NWA TNA) under the ring name Johnny B. Badd.  Today, Marc Mero contributes much of his time to the nonprofit organization he founded in 2007, Champion of Choices.Mero was heavily pushed as a mid-carder as "Johnny B. Badd" in WCW during the early 1990s. He won the WCW World Television Championship three times during the course of his career before departing the company due to creative differences in 1996. He would then compete in WWF under his real name, making his debut at WrestleMania XII and going on to win the WWF Intercontinental Championship. He would then feud with his wife Sable before departing in 1999. Mero's last mainstream appearance was in NWA TNA, where he wrestled sporadically in the mid-2000s.Mero was born in Buffalo, New York. His parents divorced when he was eight years old, with his mother supporting him and his two siblings by working two jobs. At the age of 12, Mero began playing hockey, eventually becoming his league's Most Valuable Player. In 1973, Mero's family relocated to Liverpool, New York, where Mero played for the Mid State Youth Hockey League. At age 15, Mero began playing for the Syracuse Stars Junior Hockey Team.
<The_Joy_of_Sex>	The Joy of Sex is a 1972 illustrated sex manual by British author Alex Comfort. An updated edition was released in September 2008.The Joy of Sex spent eleven weeks at the top of the New York Times bestseller list and more than 70 weeks in the top five (1972–1974).The original intention was to use the same approach as such cook books as The Joy of Cooking, hence section titles include "starters" and "main courses". The book features sexual practices such as oral sex and various sex positions as well as bringing "further out" practices such as sexual bondage and swinging to the attention of the general public.
<Juliet_Harmer>	Juliet Linda Harmer (born 11 May 1941) is an English artist, children's author and actress who was best known in the role of Georgina Jones in the BBC TV series Adam Adamant Lives! (1966–67).Juliet Harmer trained as a Primary school teacher specialising in Art. After leaving college, she taught for two years before becoming a presenter in BBC schools television.
<Herbert_Goldstein>	Herbert Goldstein (June 26, 1922 – January 12, 2005) was an American physicist and the author of the standard graduate textbook Classical Mechanics.Goldstein, long recognized for his scholarship in classical mechanics and reactor shielding, was the author of the graduate textbook, Classical Mechanics. The book has been a standard text since it first appeared 50 years ago and has been translated into nine languages. He received a B.S. from City College of New York in 1940 and a Ph.D. from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1943. From 1942 to 1946, Goldstein was a staff member of the wartime Radiation Laboratory at M.I.T., where he engaged in research on the theory of waveguides and magnetrons and on the characteristics of radar echoes. He was an instructor in the Physics Department at Harvard University from 1946 to 1949. In 1949–50 he was an AEC postdoctoral Fellow at M.I.T., and served as a Visiting Associate Professor of Physics at Brandeis University, 1952–53. From 1950, Goldstein was a Senior Physicist at Nuclear Development Corporation of America, where he directed theoretical research on the shielding of nuclear reactors and on neutron cross sections of interest for reactor design. Goldstein won the Ernest Orlando Lawrence Award in 1962 for his "contributions to reactor physics and to nuclear cross sections, and for his leadership in establishing a rational scientific basis for nuclear shield design".Goldstein was a professor of nuclear science and engineering at the Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science since 1961. He received the Great Teacher Award, given by the Society of Columbia Graduates, in 1976. In 1977, he was the recipient of the Distinguished Service Award from the shielding division of the American Nuclear Society. From 1961 Goldstein was a professor of nuclear science and engineering at Columbia University. In 1984, Goldstein was the first to hold the Thomas Alva Edison Professorship at the University. At the time of his death he was professor emeritus.He was a founding member and served as president of the Association of Orthodox Jewish Scientists.  He was buried in Israel. He was survived by his wife, Channa; his children, Penina, Aaron Meir and Shoshanna; and 10 grandchildren.
<Pinky_Lai>	Pinky Lai (賴平, born 20 March 1951) is an automotive designer. Lai is noted for his design work at Ford, BMW, and Porsche AG.During Lai's tenure at Porsche from January 1989 until his retirement in 2014, he was chief designer responsible for the exterior designs of 996 series of the Porsche 911 as well as both the Porsche 987 Boxster and Cayman.Born and raised in Quarry Bay, Hong Kong, Lai moved to Rome in 1972, where he studied and received a BA in industrial design at the Istituto Superiore per le Industrie Artistiche. After seeing an opening for car designer at Ford of Germany, in 1978 Lai received a two-year full scholarship for master's degree study on transportation design at the RCA Royal College of Art in London.
<Three_Weeks_in_May>	Three Weeks in May: Speaking Out On Rape, A Political Art Piece was an extended work of performance art and activism by Suzanne Lacy. The piece took place in Los Angeles, California from May 8 to May 24, 1977.Lacy designed Three Weeks in May in collaboration with artists Leslie Labowitz, Jill Soderholm, Melissa Hoffman and Barbara Cohen. It was sponsored by the Woman's Building and Studio Watts Workshop. Lacy designed the expanded performance to be a "simultaneous juxtaposition of art and non-art activities within an extended time frame, taking place within the context of popular culture." Lacy had a background in the anti-rape movement. The artists employed a mass media performance as a means to make social change through art with Lacy crediting the theories of her former CalArts professor Allan Kaprow, who coined the term "happening", with informing her art's transition to the public sphere. Media was integral to the performance structure of Three Weeks, both as a means to create a public dialogue about rape and a way to bring disparate nonviolence organizations and ideologies together on a common issue. The media was engaged through press conferences, television programs, and radio talk shows.The City Mall Shopping Center was chosen as the site of an installation piece due to its proximity to Los Angeles City Hall. Two 25-foot maps of the greater Los Angeles Area were used for Three Weeks. On one of the maps, every day Lacy used a large red "RAPE" stamp to mark locations where rapes from the previous day had been reported. Reports were taken from the Los Angeles Police Department, who assigned an information officer to work with Lacy. The second map included rape hotlines and the locations of rape crisis centers.
<Edwin_Sherin>	Edwin Sherin (January 15, 1930 – May 4, 2017) was an American director and producer. He is best known as the director and executive producer of the NBC drama series Law & Order: Special Victims Unit (1991–2005).Sherin was born in Danville, Pennsylvania, the son of Ruth (née Berger), a homemaker, and Joseph Sherin, a textile worker. He grew up in Hattiesburg, Mississippi, and Inwood, Manhattan. He had a sister, Edith Sherin Markson, who was among the founders of the Milwaukee Repertory Theater.When he was 16 years old, Sherin dropped out of DeWitt Clinton High School and traveled to West Texas, where he worked on a cattle ranch. He eventually resumed his education at the Fountain Valley School in Colorado Springs, graduating in 1948. In 1952, he graduated from Brown University, where he received a degree in international relations. After graduation, Sherin enlisted in the Navy and fought in the Korean War.
<Corpse_Party>	Corpse Party (Japanese: コープスパーティー, Hepburn: Kōpusu Pātī) is a survival horror, adventure, and dōjin soft video game series originally created by Makoto Kedōin and developed by Team GrisGris. The first game in the series was developed using the RPG Maker software version RPG Tsukūru Dante 98 and released on April 22, 1996 for the PC-9801. It was followed by three remakes: Corpse Party: NewChapter, which was released incomlete for mobile phones from October 3, 2006 to December 26, 2007, Corpse Party: Blood Covered, which was released for Microsoft Windows from March 8, 2008 to July 28, 2011, and Corpse Party: Blood Covered ...Repeated Fear, which was released for the PlayStation Portable on August 12, 2010, and iOS on February 9, 2012. The game was released in North America and Europe by Marvelous USA under the title Corpse Party. Marvelous USA planned to release a localized version Corpse Party Blood Covered for PC in North America in 2015, but the title was delayed until 2016. A 3DS version of the game, titled Corpse Party Blood Covered: ...Repeated Fear was released in Japan on July 30, 2015, and contains a new extra chapter not present in the PSP and iOS version.The PSP game was followed by a sequel, Corpse Party: Book of Shadows, which was released for the PSP on September 1, 2011, in Japan, and on January 15, 2013, in North America. A spin-off game, Corpse Party: Sweet Sachiko's Hysteric Birthday Bash, was released for the PSP in Japan on August 2, 2012, and was released for Windows worldwide on April 10, 2019. A direct sequel of Corpse Party: Book of Shadows, called Corpse Party: Blood Drive, was released in Japan on July 24, 2014, on PlayStation Vita, and was released in North America by XSeed Games on October 13, 2015, and on October 20, 2015, in Europe.Another sequel titled Corpse Party 2: Dead Patient was created for the PC by GrindHouse, a dōjin circle founded by members affiliated with Team GrisGris. It is planned to be released episodically, with the first chapter released on May 29, 2013.
<That_Girl_in_Pinafore>	That Girl in Pinafore (Chinese: 我的朋友, 我的同学, 我爱过的一切; lit. 'My friend, my classmate, all that I've ever loved') is a 2013 Singaporean comedy-musical film directed by Chai Yee Wei and starring Daren Tan, Julie Tan, Hayley Woo, Jayley Woo, Kenny Khoo, Seah Jiaqing and Kelvin Mun.The story was set in the 1990s. Secondary school student, Jiaming (Daren Tan) was coping with both his O-level examinations and his parents' bar business, the Dream Boat. He and his mates Cao Gen (Seah Jiaqing), Hao Ban (Kenny Khoo) and Xiao Pang (Kelvin Mun) were studying. When a dare to get the numbers of two nearby girls, Jayley and Hayley Woo, went awry, the boys ran away. Jiaming bumped into the twins' friend, May (Julie Tan), while doing so, consequently dropping his Xinyao booklet.After receiving their O-Level results, Jiaming decided to drop out of school, having already retained for two years, while the rest of the boys moved on. Coincidentally, they were placed in the same Junior College as the three girls they had met earlier. On the first day of school, the boys started a short-lived pornographic magazines business and were suspended from school for a month's time. Meanwhile, Jiaming visited the junior college to hang out with his friends and was attracted by a familiar music tune into an empty school assembly hall. There, he discovered May playing the song on the piano from the Xinyao book that he dropped earlier. He confronted her to repossess his book but was interrupted by three school bullies, whose leader said that May was his. Jiaming left the scene after a conflict with the bullies. Eventually, he met up with his three friends and learned about their suspension.
<Cultural_y_Deportiva_Leonesa>	Cultural y Deportiva Leonesa (Spanish pronunciation: [kultuˈɾal i ðepoɾˈtiβa le.oˈnesa]), better known as Cultural Leonesa or La Cultural, is a Spanish football team based in León, in the autonomous community of Castile and Leon. Founded on 5 August 1923, it currently plays in Primera División RFEF – Group 1, holding home games at Estadio Reino de León, with a capacity of 13,346 seats.Ahead of the 2014–15 season, the club released a kit designed to look like a tuxedo. The kit, which attracted huge attention in the media and social networking sites, was worn in a pre-season charity match in support of local charities for mining families.Cultural y Deportiva Leonesa was founded on 5 August 1923.
<The_Age_of_Bronze>	The Age of Bronze (French: L'Âge d'airain) is a bronze statue by the French sculptor Auguste Rodin (1840–1917). The figure is of a life-size nude male, 72 in. (182.9 cm) high. Rodin continued to produce casts of the statue for several decades after it was modelled in 1876.Rodin had a Belgian soldier pose for the statue, keeping photographs which survive (in the Rodin Museum). The pose partly derives from Michelangelo's Dying Slave in the Louvre Museum, which has the elbow raised above the head.[citation needed]
<Anoushirvan_Arjmand>	Anoushirvan Arjmand (Persian: انوشیروان ارجمند‎; 19 October 1941 – 14 December 2014) was an Iranian actor, best known for his roles in films such as Duel (2004), Tardid (2009), and He Who Said No (2014). He also appeared in the television series Mokhtarnameh, The Gun Loaded and Shaheed-e-Kufa. He was born in Zahedan, Sistan and Baluchestan Province.Arjmand died from a heart attack on 14 December 2014 in Tehran, aged 73. He was buried on 16 December at Behesht-e Zahra.[citation needed]
<Stade_Rennais_F.C.>	Stade Rennais Football Club (French pronunciation: ​[stad ʁɛnɛ]), commonly referred to as Stade Rennais FC, Stade Rennais, Rennes, or simply SRFC, is a French professional football club based in Rennes, Brittany. They compete in Ligue 1, the top tier of French football, and play their home matches at the Roazhon Park. The team's president is Nicolas Holveck, and its owner is Artémis, the holding company of businessman François Pinault.Rennes was founded in 1901 under the name Stade Rennais and is one of the founding members of the first division of French football. Alongside Nantes, Rennes is one of the top football clubs in the region and the two are among the main clubs that contest the Derby Breton. The club's best finish in the league has been third, accomplishing this feat after the season was ended prematurely in 2019–20. Rennes has won three Coupe de France titles in 1965, 1971 and 2019. After winning the Coupe de France in 1971, Rennes changed its name to its current version.
<Wiley-Blackwell>	Wiley-Blackwell is an international scientific, technical, medical, and scholarly publishing business of John Wiley & Sons. It was formed by the merger of John Wiley & Sons Global Scientific, Technical, and Medical business with Blackwell Publishing in 2007.Wiley-Blackwell is now an imprint that publishes a diverse range of academic and professional fields, including biology, medicine, physical sciences, technology, social science, and the humanities.
<Satan's_Slave>	Satan's Slave may refer to:
<Brøndby_IF>	Brøndbyernes Idrætsforening (Danish pronunciation: [ˈpʁɶnˌpyˀɐnəs ˈitʁætsfɒˌe̝ˀne̝ŋ], usually abbreviated to Brøndby IF (Danish pronunciation: [ˈpʁɶnˌpyˀ ˌiˀˈef]), is a professional association football club based in Brøndbyvester, Capital Region of Denmark. The club was founded in 1964 as a merger between two local clubs and was promoted to the Danish top-flight football league in 1981.Brøndby IF has won 11 Danish championships and 7 Danish Cups. Brøndby's most successful period was from 1985 to 2005 when, in twenty years, they won ten league titles. In 1991, Brøndby reached the semi-finals of the UEFA Cup and became the first and only Danish club to ever reach a European semi-final.
<Iowa_City,_Iowa>	Iowa City, offically the City of Iowa City is a city in Johnson County, Iowa, United States. It is the home of the University of Iowa and county seat of Johnson County, at the center of the Iowa City Metropolitan Statistical Area. At the time of the 2020 census the population was 74,828, making it the state's fifth-largest city. The metropolitan area, which encompasses Johnson and Washington counties, has a population of over 171,000.  The Iowa City Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) is also a part of a Combined Statistical Area (CSA) with the Cedar Rapids MSA. This CSA plus two additional counties are known as the Iowa City-Cedar Rapids region which collectively has a population of nearly 500,000.Iowa City was the second capital of the Iowa Territory and the first capital city of the State of Iowa. The Old Capitol building is a National Historic Landmark in the center of the University of Iowa campus. The University of Iowa Art Museum and Plum Grove, the home of the first Governor of Iowa, are also tourist attractions. In 2008, Forbes magazine named Iowa City the second-best small metropolitan area for doing business in the United States.
<James_Mann_(Australian_politician)>	James Isaac Mann (22 June 1892 – 20 June 1965) was an Australian politician who was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1930 to 1962. He represented two Wheatbelt electorates, holding the seat of Beverley from 1930 to 1950 and the seat of Avon Valley from 1950 to 1962, and at various times sat for the Country Party, the Nationalist Party, the Liberal Party, and as an independent.Mann was born in Toodyay, Western Australia, to Caroline Jane (née Edwards) and John Gibson Mann. He was raised in Beverley, where his father was an early settler and served as the town's mayor for a period. Mann enlisted in the Australian Imperial Force in December 1914, and during the war served with the 10th Light Horse Regiment. After returning to Australia, he took up land at Beverley as part of a soldier settlement scheme.
<Kenix_Kwok>	Kenix Kwok Ho-ying (born 27 November 1970) is a Hong Kong actress with family roots in Zhongshan, Guangdong, China. Along with Maggie Cheung Ho-yee, Ada Choi, Flora Chan and Jessica Hsuan, Kenix is known as one of the Top 5 "Fa Dans" (花旦) (term used for actresses with high popularity) of TVB from the mid-1990s to mid-2000s.Kwok got her start as a finalist in the Top 5 of the 1993 Miss Hong Kong Pageant. Though considered a favourite to win, having won two side awards including Media's Favourite and Potential Artist, she lost to Mok Hoi Yan. Consequently, Kwok did not even make it to the Top 3. Kenix went on to star in several high-rated drama series including A Kindred Spirit, Detective Investigation Files I-III, At the Threshold of An Era I-II, and recently Shine on You, Love Bond, Revolving Doors of Vengeance and Ten Brothers.
<John_O'Brien_(Irish_politician)>	John O'Brien (6 December 1794 - 6 February 1855) was an Irish MP who represented Limerick City in the UK Parliament 1841–1852.O'Brien was the eldest son of James O'Brien of Limerick and Margaret Long, daughter of Peter Long of Waterford. James died on 21 February 1806, and Margaret subsequently married Cornelius O'Brien (1782-1857), MP for Clare 1832-47 and 1852–57.
<Cornelius_Vanderbilt>	Cornelius Vanderbilt (May 27, 1794 – January 4, 1877), nicknamed "the Commodore", was an American business magnate who built his wealth in railroads and shipping. After working with his father's business, Vanderbilt worked his way into leadership positions in the inland water trade and invested in the rapidly growing railroad industry, effectively transforming the geography of the United States.As one of the richest Americans in history and wealthiest figures overall, Vanderbilt was the patriarch of the wealthy and influential Vanderbilt family. He provided the initial gift to found Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee. According to historian H. Roger Grant: "Contemporaries, too, often hated or feared Vanderbilt or at least considered him an unmannered brute. While Vanderbilt could be a rascal, combative and cunning, he was much more a builder than a wrecker [...] being honorable, shrewd, and hard-working."
<David_Jones_Limited>	David Jones Pty Limited, trading as David Jones (colloquially DJs), is an Australian upmarket department store, owned since 2014 by South African retail group Woolworths Holdings Limited.David Jones was founded in 1838 by David Jones, a Welsh merchant and future politician, after he emigrated to Australia, and is the oldest continuously-operating department store in the world still trading under its original name.
<Cossacks_of_the_Kuban>	Cossacks of the Kuban (Russian: Кубанские казаки, romanized: Kubanskie kazaki) from Mosfilm is a color film, glorifying the life of the farmers in the kolkhoz of the Soviet Union's Kuban region, directed by Ivan Pyryev and starring Marina Ladynina, his wife at that time. The movie premiered on 26 February 1950.The film is set during the early post-war years. In autumn at the inter-collective farm fair, a dashing horse breeder Nikolai (Vladlen Davydov) gets acquainted with an advanced collective farmer Dasha Shelest (Klara Luchko). Their infatuation is mutual, but the lovers, working in different farms will have to overcome the resistance of their leaders, who do not want to lose great employees. Chairman of the "Red Partisans", where Dasha works, Gordei Voron (Sergey Lukyanov) has long been fond of the chairman Galina Peresvetova (Marina Ladynina) of the "Precepts of Ilyich" collective farm where Nikolai works. But he can not muster up the courage to confess his love to her and Galina ends up having to confess first.
<Dow_AgroSciences>	Dow AgroSciences LLC was a wholly owned subsidiary of the Dow Chemical Company specializing in not only agricultural chemicals such as pesticides,  but also seeds and biotechnology solutions.  The company was based in Indianapolis, Indiana, in the United States. On 31 January 2006, Dow AgroSciences announced that it had received regulatory approval for the world's first plant-cell-produced vaccine against Newcastle disease virus from USDA Center for Veterinary Biologics.  Dow AgroSciences operates brand names such as Sentricon, Vikane, Mycogen®, SmartStax®, Enlist™, Pfister Seed®, PhytoGen®, Prairie Brand Seed®, Alforex Seeds®, Profume, Dairyland Seed®, and Brodbeck Seed®.Dow AgroSciences also produces Omega-9 canola and sunflower oils.In 2017, the Dow Chemical Company merged into DowDuPont and in April 2019, the company's parent, Dow Inc. was separated into a public company via a corporate spin-off. The Dow AgroSciences business unit remained with DowDuPont and was spun off into Corteva Inc, on June 3, 2019.
<Martin_Glaessner>	Martin Fritz Glaessner AM (25 December 1906 – 23 November 1989) was a geologist and palaeontologist. Born and educated in the Austro-Hungarian Empire, he spent the majority of his life in working for geoscientific institutes in Austria, Russia, Australia, and studying the geology of the South Pacific in Papua New Guinea and Australia. Glaessner also did early work on the classification of the pre-Cambrian lifeforms now known as the Ediacaran biota, which he proposed were the early antecedents of modern lifeforms.Glaessner was born in Aussig in the former Kingdom of Bohemia of the Austro-Hungarian Empire (now Ústí nad Labem in the Czech Republic). He was a research associate at the Naturhistorisches Museum in Vienna from 1923 to 1932, and starting in 1925 attended the University of Vienna, where he received a doctorate in law in 1929, and a Ph.D. in geology and paleontology in 1931. He was a research associate at the Natural History Museum in London from 1930 to 1931.
<China_Investment_Securities>	China Investment Securities Co., Ltd. (CISC) formerly known as China Jianyin Investment Securities Co., Ltd. (CJIS) is a Chinese investment bank and brokerage firm based in Shenzhen. It was a subsidiary of China International Capital Corporation. The firm was founded by China Jianyin Investment on 29 September 2005 based on the good assets of China Southern Securities.China Jianyin Investment Securities Co., Ltd (CJIS) was formed out of the relevant securities assets of the former China Southern Securities Co., Ltd acquired through public auction.Established in Shenzhen on September 28, 2005, China Jianyin Investment Securities Co., Ltd. (Chinese: 中国建银投资证券有限责任公司) is a successor of China Southern Securities Co., Ltd. (CSSC, Chinese: 南方证券). With a registered capital of RMB1.5 billion Yuan, CJIS is a nationwide comprehensive securities firm that was wholly owned by China Jianyin Investment and later wholly owned by Central Huijin Investment (from 2011 to 2016), the parent company of Jianyin Investment. Due to the change in ownership, the name of the company was also changed to China Investment Securities Co., Ltd. (Chinese: 中国中投证券有限责任公司).
<Intellectual_Scum>	Intellectual Scum is a 2015 Kenyan short film directed by Njue Kevin. Produced by Rocque Pictures, the film is an adaptation of the controversial article 'You Lazy (Intellectual) African Scum!'  by Field Ruwe, a USA based Zambian media practitioner.On board a commercial airplane, an African intellectual (Field Ruwe), sits next to a white man (Walter). In their conversation, which is utterly brutal, honest and to some racist, Walter blames the ‘Intellectuals’ for the deplorable state Africa was in.Principal photography on the film began on 15 November 2015 and ended on 20 November 2015. The plane sequence on the film was shot on an actual plane at Wilson airport as opposed to creating a set on a sound stage.
<Kurt_Farquhar>	Kurt Farquhar is a Los Angeles-based television and film composer. Farquhar is a seven-time BMI award winner, including four for The King of Queens. one for The Game and two for Being Mary Jane.  He is best known for composing the scores for The King of Queens, Girlfriends, Sister, Sister, Moesha, Being Mary Jane, The Game, Black Lightning, The Neighborhood, and Real Husbands of Hollywood. Farquhar's career is notable for having scored more prime-time television series than any other African-American composer to date.A native of Chicago, he is the youngest of five children. He is the younger brother of television producer and writer Ralph Farquhar, and the two have worked together on several shows.Farquhar musical education took him from the streets of Chicago to the famed Berklee College of Music in Boston, The National Conservatory of Music in Versailles, France, and Eastern Illinois University, where he studied with noted percussion teacher Johnny Lane. By the age of 12, Farquhar had already written his first symphonic work. During his early 20s, Farquhar performed with various jazz artists most notably Grammy Award-winning trumpet player Freddie Hubbard.
<Chen_Hong_(actress)>	Chen Hong (born December 13, 1968) is a Chinese actress and film producer. She married film director Chen Kaige in 1996 and they have two sons. In recent years, she has co-produced and acted in the films Together, The Promise and Forever Enthralled. She is also known for her role as Diaochan in the 1994 television series Romance of the Three Kingdoms.
<George_Mason_University>	George Mason University (George Mason, Mason, or GMU) is a public research university in Fairfax County, Virginia with an independent City of Fairfax, Virginia postal address in the Washington, D.C. Metropolitan Area. The university was originally founded in 1949 as a Northern Virginia regional branch of the University of Virginia. Named after Founding Father of the United States George Mason in 1959, it became an independent university in 1972. The school has since grown into the largest public university in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Mason operates four campuses in Virginia (Fairfax, Arlington, Front Royal, and Prince William), as well as a campus in Incheon, South Korea. The flagship campus is in Fairfax.The university is classified among "R1: Doctoral Universities – Very high research activity". Two professors were awarded the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics during their time at George Mason University: James M. Buchanan in 1986 and Vernon L. Smith in 2002.
<Joan_Woodbury>	Joan Elmer Woodbury (December 17, 1915 – February 22, 1989) was an American actress beginning in the 1930s and continuing well into the 1960s.Woodbury was born in Los Angeles, California on December 17, 1915. Her father was Elmer Franklin Woodbury, and her mother was born Joan Meta Hadenfeldt, whose father, Charles Hadenfeldt, had emigrated to the US from Germany. Elmer owned various hotels, including the La Casa Grande and Maryland hotels in Pasadena and the Hotel Richelieu in downtown Los Angeles. Her mother had been at Pasadena's Tournament of Roses six times 'Rose Queen' and had been in vaudeville. When she was five years old, she and her mother appeared in Oliver Morosco's The Half Breed.
<Ji_Sung>	Ji Sung (born Kwak Tae-geun on 27 February 1977) is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his roles in the television dramas All In (2003), Save the Last Dance for Me (2004), New Heart (2007), Protect the Boss (2011),  Secret Love (2013), Kill Me, Heal Me (2015), Innocent Defendant (2017), Familiar Wife (2018), Doctor John (2019), The Devil Judge (2021) and the film  My PS Partner (2012).Kwak Tae-geun's parents were both educators, and they expected him to also enter the teaching profession. But in his sophomore year in high school, his father bought him a VCR and the first movie he rented was Rain Man. Dustin Hoffman's acting left such an impression on him that he decided to become an actor, despite his father's objections. He later studied Theater and Film at Hanyang University.
<The_Singing_Detective>	The Singing Detective is a BBC television serial drama, written by Dennis Potter, starring Michael Gambon and directed by Jon Amiel. Its six episodes are "Skin", "Heat", "Lovely Days", "Clues", "Pitter Patter" and "Who Done It".The serial was broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC1 in 1986 on Sunday nights from 16 November to 21 December, with later PBS and cable television showings in the United States. It won a Peabody Award in 1989. It ranks 20th on the British Film Institute's list of the 100 Greatest British Television Programmes, as voted by industry professionals in 2000. It was included in the 1992 Dennis Potter retrospective at the Museum of Television & Radio and became a permanent addition to the museum's collections in New York and Los Angeles. There was co-production funding from the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. The series was released on DVD in the US on 15 April 2003 and in the UK on 8 March 2004.
<Denis_Voronenkov>	Denis Nikolayevich Voronenkov (Russian: Денис Николаевич Вороненков, IPA: [dʲɪˈnʲis vərɐˈnʲɛnkəf]; 10 April 1971 – 23 March 2017) was a Russian politician who served as a member of the State Duma from 2011 to 2016. He was a member of the Unity party from 2000 to 2003 and the Communist Party of the Russian Federation from 2011 to 2016.Voronenkov was born in Gorky, Russian SFSR. He studied at the Suvorov Military School before joining the Soviet Army. In 1999, he left the military to begin a career in politics. In 2001, he became an advisor to the Supreme Court of the Russian Federation, then being selected as the Deputy Mayor of Naryan-Mar and Deputy Governor of Nenets Autonomous District. Voronenkov then joined the Communist Party and was elected to the State Duma in 2011. In the 2016 legislative election he lost his seat to United Russia candidate Vladimir Panov.
<Albert_Einstein>	Albert Einstein (/ˈaɪnstaɪn/ EYEN-styne; German: [ˈalbɛʁt ˈʔaɪnʃtaɪn] (listen); 14 March 1879 – 18 April 1955) was a German-born theoretical physicist, widely acknowledged to be one of the greatest and most influential physicists of all time. Einstein is best known for developing the theory of relativity, but he also made important contributions to the development of the theory of quantum mechanics. Relativity and quantum mechanics are the two pillars of modern physics. His mass–energy equivalence formula E = mc2, which arises from relativity theory, has been dubbed "the world's most famous equation". His work is also known for its influence on the philosophy of science. He received the 1921 Nobel Prize in Physics "for his services to theoretical physics, and especially for his discovery of the law of the photoelectric effect", a pivotal step in the development of quantum theory. His intellectual achievements and originality resulted in "Einstein" becoming synonymous with "genius". Einsteinium, one of the synthetic elements in the Periodic Table was named in his honor.In 1905, a year sometimes described as his annus mirabilis ('miracle year'), Einstein published four groundbreaking papers. These outlined the theory of the photoelectric effect, explained Brownian motion, introduced special relativity, and demonstrated mass-energy equivalence. Einstein thought that the laws of classical mechanics could no longer be reconciled with those of the electromagnetic field, which led him to develop his special theory of relativity. He then extended the theory to gravitational fields; he published a paper on general relativity in 1916, introducing his theory of gravitation. In 1917, he applied the general theory of relativity to model the structure of the universe. He continued to deal with problems of statistical mechanics and quantum theory, which led to his explanations of particle theory and the motion of molecules. He also investigated the thermal properties of light and the quantum theory of radiation, which laid the foundation of the photon theory of light.
<Banca_di_Credito_Sardo>	The Banca di Credito Sardo S.p.A. was an Italian bank headquartered in Cagliari, Sardinia. In 2014 it was absorbed by the parent company Intesa Sanpaolo.The head office building, located in Cagliari, was designed by the Italian architect Renzo Piano.Credito Industriale Sardo, ente di diritto pubblico con personalità giuridica propria, was established in 1953 as one of the 19 Mediocredito of Italy, as well as one of the three Istituti per il Finanziamento a Medio Terminealle Medie e Piccole Industrie nell'Italia Meridionale e Insulare (Istituti Meridionale), which were funded by Cassa per il Mezzogiorno. The bank provided medium term loan to small and medium industries from the island.
<England_national_football_C_team>	The England national football C team (previously known as the England National Game XI and the England Semi-Pro national team) is the football team that represents England at non-league level.Formed in 1979 as the England Non-League team, it features players who play for clubs outside the Premier League and English Football League. Currently, the majority of selected players are full-time professionals with National League clubs.
<Toshiba_Medical_Systems_Corporation>	Canon Medical Systems Corporation is a medical equipment company based in Ōtawara, Tochigi, Japan. Formerly known as Toshiba Medical, a subsidiary of Toshiba, the company was an early pioneer on X-ray tubes in 1914 in Japan.   Canon Medical Systems feature product such as MRI and helical CT.The company was acquired by Canon Inc. in 2016.Canon Medical Systems is, since late 2012, the Official Medical Systems Partner of Manchester United FC as per a multi-million 5-year contract.
<Gavin_Hoyte>	Gavin Andrew Hoyte (born 6 June 1990) is a professional footballer who plays as a defender for Maidstone United. He has been a member of the Trinidad and Tobago national team.Born in Leytonstone, London, Hoyte signed with Arsenal when he was nine. He featured regularly for Arsenal's U18 and Reserve teams, and was captain of Arsenal's U18 team during 2006–07. He signed as a professional with the club on 10 September 2007.
<Casey_Wilson>	Cathryn Rose "Casey" Wilson (born October 24, 1980) is an American actress, comedienne, and screenwriter. She starred as Penny Hartz in the ABC comedy series Happy Endings for which she was twice nominated to the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series, and has since starred in comedies such as Showtime's Black Monday, Apple TV's The Shrink Next Door, Hulu's The Hotwives and Marry Me on NBC. Other notable work includes supporting roles in films such as Gone Girl, Julie & Julia, and The Meddler, recurring in the HBO series Mrs. Fletcher, the Amazon comedy One Mississippi, and the Netflix series Atypical, and her 2013 Sundance film Ass Backwards, which she co-wrote and starred in with her creative partner June Diane Raphael. Wilson co-hosts (alongside Danielle Schneider) the Earwolf podcast Bitch Sesh.Wilson made her first major television appearances with a two-season stint as a cast member on Saturday Night Live from 2008 to 2009.Casey Wilson was born and raised in Alexandria, Virginia. She graduated from T. C. Williams High School in 1998 and studied theater at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts and at the Stella Adler Studio of Acting, where she was a recipient of NYU's "Excellence in Acting" award when graduating in 2002.
<Frederick_G._Donnan>	Frederick George Donnan CBE FRS FRSE (6 September 1870 – 16 December 1956) was a British-Irish physical chemist who is known for his work on membrane equilibria, and commemorated in the Donnan equilibrium describing ionic transport in cells.  He spent most of his career at University College London.Donnan was born in Colombo, Ceylon, the son of William Donnan, a Belfast merchant, and his wife, Jane Ross Turnley Liggate. He spent his early life in Ulster. He was blind in one eye as the result of a childhood accident, and is often shown in profile. He studied at Queen's College, Belfast gaining a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1894, then at the University of Leipzig with Wilhelm Ostwald, resulting in a PhD in 1896, followed by research with J. H. van't Hoff. Donnan then became a research student at University College London, joining the academic staff in 1901.
<Hamilton_Academical_F.C.>	Hamilton Academical Football Club, often known as Hamilton Accies, or The Accies, is a Scottish football club from Hamilton, South Lanarkshire who currently compete in the Scottish Championship, having been relegated from the 2020–21 Scottish Premiership. They were established in 1874 from the school football team at Hamilton Academy and remain the only professional club in British football to have originated from a school team. Hamilton have won the Scottish Challenge Cup twice and have finished runners-up in the Scottish Cup twice. The club currently play their home games at New Douglas Park.Hamilton Academical F.C. was formed in late 1874 by the rector and pupils of Hamilton Academy. The club soon became members of the Scottish Football Association and initially began competing in the Scottish Cup and Qualifying Cup, before joining the Scottish Football League in November 1897 following the resignation of Renton.
<Robert_Toombs>	Robert Augustus Toombs (July 2, 1810 – December 15, 1885) was an American politician from Georgia, who was an important figure in the formation of the Confederacy. From a privileged background as a wealthy planter and slaveholder, Toombs embarked on a political career marked by effective oratory, although he also acquired a reputation for hard living, disheveled appearance, and irascibility. He was identified with Alexander H. Stephens's libertarian wing of secessionist opinion, and in contradistinction to the nationalist Jefferson Davis, Toombs believed a Civil War to be neither inevitable or winnable by the South.Appointed as Secretary of State of the Confederacy (which lacked political parties) Toombs was against the decision to attack Fort Sumter, and resigned from Davis's cabinet. He was wounded at the Battle of Antietam, where he performed creditably. During the Battle of Columbus (1865), Toombs's reluctance to use canister shot on a mixture of Union and Confederate soldiers resulted in the loss of a key bridge in the war's final significant action. He avoided detention by traveling to Europe. On his return two years later, he declined to ask for a pardon, and successfully stood for election in Georgia when Congressional Reconstruction ended in 1877.
<Alan_Walker_(music_producer)>	Alan Olav Walker (born 24 August 1997) is a British-born Norwegian DJ, YouTuber and record producer primarily known for the critically acclaimed single "Faded" (2015), which was certified platinum in 14 countries. He has also made several songs including  "Sing Me to Sleep", "Alone", "Darkside", and "On My Way", all of which attracted millions of views on YouTube.In early 2017, Walker's channel emerged as the most subscribed YouTube channel registered in Norway, with then 41.9 million subscribers as of May 2022. He also has the most views of any Norwegian creator, with approximately 11.1 billion views as of 21 February 2022. Although many critics and fans have viewed Walker as one of the pioneers of electronic dance music, several have criticized him for hiring "ghost producers", while some fans were divided and generated concerns over his usual departure from his typical production style, most notably in his recently released songs.
<Fernando_Lamas>	Fernando Álvaro Lamas y de Santos (January 9, 1915 – October 8, 1982) was an Argentine-American actor and director, and the father of actor Lorenzo Lamas.Fernando Álvaro Lamas y de Santos was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina. His movies included En el último piso (1942), Frontera Sur (1943), Villa rica del Espíritu Santo (1945), and Stella (1946).
<National_Exhibition_Centre>	The National Exhibition Centre (NEC) is an exhibition centre located in Marston Green, Solihull, West Midlands, England. It is near junction 6 of the M42 motorway, and is adjacent to Birmingham Airport and Birmingham International railway station. It was opened by  Queen Elizabeth II in 1976.The NEC was originally going to be built adjacent to the M1 motorway (junction 21) near Leicester but it was turned down by Leicestershire County Council with claims that "The big shows won't move away from London". The building was designed by Edward Mills.
<James_Carpinello>	James Anthony Carpinello (born August 13, 1975)[citation needed] is an American actor who came to national attention with his appearances in Tori Spelling's VH1 sitcom So Notorious. He also portrayed Stacee Jaxx in the Broadway production of the musical Rock of Ages.Carpinello first appeared on Broadway in the 1999 musical Saturday Night Fever as Tony Manero.  The musical is based on the 1977 film Saturday Night Fever in which the role of Manero was played by John Travolta.
<Abram_Fitkin>	Abram Edward Fitkin (September 18, 1878 – March 18, 1933) was an American minister, investment banker, businessman, public utilities operator, and philanthropist, who founded and ran dozens of companies, including A.E. Fitkin & Co.; the National Public Service Corporation; the United States Engineering Corporation; and the General Engineering and Management Corporation, which by 1926 managed 178 utility companies in 18 US states and over 1,000 local communities. As a philanthropist Fitkin donated in excess of $3,000,000 to finance the construction of the Raleigh Fitkin Memorial Hospital in Manzini, Swaziland; the Raleigh Fitkin Memorial Institution in Scobeyville, New Jersey; the Raleigh Fitkin Memorial Pavilion for Children at the New Haven Hospital in Yale; and the Jersey Shore University Medical Center (formerly Raleigh Fitkin and Paul Morgan Memorial Hospital) at Neptune Township, New Jersey.Abram Edward Fitkin was born on September 18, 1878, in Brooklyn, New York, the sixth son and 11th of thirteen children of Mary E. Vought (born September 18, 1843, in Easton, Pennsylvania; died May 7, 1914) and Thomas Furlong Fitkin (born June 10, 1833, in Weston Turville, England; died March 2, 1914), a harness-manufacturer, who migrated to the US in 1850, settling in Brooklyn. Fitkin's parents were married on December 31, 1861.Fitkin had thirteen brothers and sisters: Thomas Ellsworth Fitkin (1862–1868); Louisa Fitkin (born 1863; died June 1879 of diphtheria); Mary E. Fitkin Raynor (born October 1865; died 1952); Nellie Fitkin Christy (born September 20, 1866; died 1936); Walter Raleigh Fitkin (born October 1868; died June 1935); Thomas George Fitkin (born and died in 1869); William Fitkin (born and died 1870); Robert Laurence Fitkin (born May 26, 1873; died February 20, 1938); Maude Fitkin (born and died in 1875); Sarah "Sadie" Fitkin (1876–1882); Francis "Nance" Fitkin (born March 1880; died in 1880); and Fuller Fitkin (born and died in 1881).
<The_Hermetic_Tradition>	Giulio Cesare Andrea "Julius" Evola (Italian: [ˈɛːvola]; 19 May 1898 – 11 June 1974) was an Italian philosopher, poet, painter, esotericist, and radical-right ideologue. Evola regarded his values as aristocratic, masculine, traditionalist, heroic, and defiantly reactionary. An eccentric thinker in Fascist Italy, he also had ties to Nazi Germany; in the post-war era, he was known as an ideological mentor of the Italian neo-fascist and militant right.Evola was born in Rome. He served as an artillery officer in the First World War. He became a Dada artist but gave up painting in his twenties. He said he considered suicide until he had a revelation while reading a Buddhist text. In the 1920s he delved into the occult; he wrote on Western esotericism and of Eastern mysticism, developing his doctrine of "magical idealism".His writings blend various ideas of German idealism, Eastern doctrines, traditionalism and the interwar Conservative Revolution, with themes such as Hermeticism, the metaphysics of war and sex, Tantra, Buddhism, Taoism, mountaineering, the Holy Grail, civilisations, and decadence. Evola believed that mankind is living in the Kali Yuga, a Dark Age of unleashed materialistic appetites. To counter this and call in a primordial rebirth, Evola presented his "world of Tradition". According to scholar Franco Ferraresi, Evola’s thought can be considered one of the most consistently "antiegalitarian, antiliberal, antidemocratic, and antipopular systems in the twentieth century". Various writings by Evola are noted for their misogyny, racism, antisemitism, and attacks on Christianity and the Catholic Church.
<Simon_White>	Simon David Manton White (born 30 September 1951), FRS, is a British astrophysicist. He was one of directors at the Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics before his retirement in late 2019.White studied Mathematics at Jesus College, Cambridge in the University of Cambridge (B.A. 1972) and Astronomy at the University of Toronto (MSc 1974). In 1977 he obtained a doctorate in Astronomy under Donald Lynden-Bell entitled "The Clustering of Galaxies" at the University of Cambridge. After a few years at the University of California, Berkeley, the Steward Observatory of the University of Arizona andthe University of Cambridge he was appointed in 1994 as a Scientific Member of the Max Planck Society and as Director of the Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics in Garching. White is also Research Professor at the University of Arizona (1992), Guest Professor at the University of Durham (1995) Honorary Professor at the Ludwig-Maximilians University in Munich (1994) and at the Astronomical Observatories of Shanghai (SHAO) (1999) and Beijing (BAO) (2001). White lives inMunich with his wife, the astrophysicist Guinevere Kauffmann, and their son Jonathan.
<The_Blue_Meanie>	Brian Heffron (born May 18, 1973), better known by his ring name The Blue Meanie, is an American professional wrestler. He is best known for his appearances with Extreme Championship Wrestling and the World Wrestling Federation between 1995 and 2005. His ring name is a reference to the Blue Meanies, the antagonists from the 1968 animated film Yellow Submarine.Heffron graduated from Atlantic City High School in 1993.
<The_Rocky_Horror_Show>	The Rocky Horror Show is a musical with music, lyrics and book by Richard O'Brien. A humorous tribute to the science fiction and horror B movies of the 1930s through to the early 1960s, the musical tells the story of a newly engaged couple getting caught in a storm and coming to the home of a mad transvestite scientist, Dr Frank-N-Furter, unveiling his new creation, Rocky, a sort of Frankenstein-style monster in the form of an artificially made, fully grown, physically perfect muscle man complete "with blond hair and a tan".The show was produced and directed by Jim Sharman. The original London production of the musical was premièred at the Royal Court Theatre (Upstairs) on 19 June 1973 (after two previews on 16 and 18 June 1973). It later moved to several other locations in London and closed on 13 September 1980. The show ran for a total of 2,960 performances and won the 1973 Evening Standard Theatre Award for Best Musical. Songs in the musical include "Time Warp" (co-written by O'Brien and Richard Hartley), while the costumes were designed by Sue Blane. Its 1974 debut in the US in Los Angeles had a successful nine-month run, but its 1975 Broadway debut at the Belasco Theatre lasted only three previews and forty-five showings, despite earning one Tony nomination and three Drama Desk nominations. Various international productions have since spanned across six continents as well as West End and Broadway revivals and eight UK tours. Actor Tim Curry, who originated the role of Dr. Frank-N-Furter in the original London production, became particularly associated with the musical.
<Patrick_S._Moore>	Patrick S. Moore (born October 21, 1956) is an Irish and American virologist and epidemiologist who co-discovered together with his wife, Yuan Chang, two different human viruses causing the AIDS-related cancer Kaposi's sarcoma and the skin cancer Merkel cell carcinoma.  The couple met while in medical school together and were married in 1989 while they pursued fellowships at different universities.Moore received a Bachelor of Science in chemistry and biology from Westminster College in Salt Lake City, an M.S. degree from Stanford University, and M.D. and MPhil degrees from the University of Utah, and an M.P.H. degree from the University of California, Berkeley.  As an epidemiologist working at the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), he developed widely used international guidelines to control meningococcal meningitis epidemics and led a team of CDC epidemiologists during the 1992 Somali Civil War.  Civilian death rates documented during this civil war-famine were among the highest ever reported.  The extreme mortality statistics helped to solidify international support behind the US-led military intervention Operation Restore Hope. He received the CDC Langmuir Prize for his work on epidemic meningitis control.After leaving the CDC, Moore served briefly as a New York City epidemiologist but quit to search for new human viruses with his wife, Yuan Chang who was then a newly appointed assistant professor at Columbia University. Unemployed, he worked in his wife's laboratory, allowing him to rapidly pick up training in molecular biology.  Despite having no research funding, Moore and Chang used a new molecular biology technique, representational difference analysis, to search for a virus causing Kaposi's sarcoma, the most common malignancy among AIDS patients.  In 1994, they discovered a new human herpesvirus, KSHV, in a KS tumor and along with several collaborators showed that it was the etiologic agent of Kaposi's sarcoma, primary effusion lymphoma, and multicentric Castleman's disease.  Moore was hired onto the faculty at Columbia and the Chang-Moore Laboratory secured research funding to investigate this new virus.  They subsequently sequenced KSHV, identified oncogenes encoded by the virus, demonstrated transmission during transplantation and developed diagnostic tests to detect infection.  His laboratory currently seeks to understand the role of tumor virus immunoevasion of the innate immune system as a cause for viral tumorigenesis.  In 2002, he moved his laboratory to the University of Pittsburgh where he is the director of the Molecular Virology Program at the UPMC Hillman Cancer Center.  Chang and Moore jointly developed a new technique to find human tumor viruses called digital transcriptome subtraction (DTS).  Using this approach, they identified the most recently discovered human polyomavirus infecting Merkel cells. This virus is the likely cause of Merkel-cell carcinoma and hence is named Merkel cell polyomavirus. Moore and Chang have discovered two of the seven known human viruses causing cancer.
<Kismet_(play)>	Kismet is a three-act play written in 1911 by Edward Knoblauch (who later anglicised his name to Edward Knoblock).  The title means Fate or Destiny in Turkish and Urdu.  The play ran for 330 performances in London and later opened in the United States. It was subsequently revived, and the story was later filmed several times and adapted for the 1953 musical.Kismet was first produced by Oscar Asche at the Garrick Theatre, London, on 19 April 1911. Knoblock wrote the play for Asche, with the understanding that Asche could revise it.  He shortened and partly re-wrote it and produced it with much success, playing Hajj, the leading man, with Lily Brayton as Marsinah, the leading lady. The costumes were designed by Percy Anderson. The music was composed by Christopher Wilson. The production ran for 330 performancess.
<Cândido_Costa>	Cândido Alves Moreira da Costa (born 30 April 1981) is a Portuguese former footballer who played mainly as a right winger.He amassed Primeira Liga totals of 162 games and four goals over ten seasons, representing in the competition Salgueiros, Porto, Vitória de Setúbal, Braga and Belenenses. He also competed professionally in England and Romania.Costa was born in São João da Madeira, Aveiro District. Having started his football career with the youth teams of S.L. Benfica, he switched to FC Porto after a brief stint with S.C. Salgueiros (where he made his Primeira Liga debut, in 1999–2000). In his first full season at Porto he contributed with 18 games and two goals in the league, but the title was lost in the penultimate round to neighbours Boavista FC.
<Robert_Gallo>	Robert Charles Gallo (/ˈɡɑːloʊ/; born March 23, 1937) is an American biomedical researcher. He is best known for his role in establishing the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) as the infectious agent responsible for acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) and in the development of the HIV blood test, and he has been a major contributor to subsequent HIV research.Gallo is the director and co-founder of the Institute of Human Virology (IHV) at the University of Maryland School of Medicine in Baltimore, Maryland, established in 1996 in a partnership including the State of Maryland and the City of Baltimore. In November 2011, Gallo was named the first Homer & Martha Gudelsky Distinguished Professor in Medicine. Gallo is also a co-founder of biotechnology company Profectus BioSciences, Inc. and co-founder and scientific director of the Global Virus Network (GVN).
<Goldman_Sachs>	Goldman Sachs (/ˈsæks/) is an American multinational investment bank and financial services company. Founded in 1869, Goldman Sachs is headquartered at 200 West Street in Lower Manhattan, with regional headquarters in London, Warsaw, Bangalore, Hong Kong, Tokyo, Dallas and Salt Lake City, and additional offices in other international financial centers. Goldman Sachs is the second largest investment bank in the world by revenue and is ranked 57th on the Fortune 500 list of the largest United States corporations by total revenue. It is considered a systemically important financial institution by the Financial Stability Board.The company has been criticized for a lack of ethical standards, working with dictatorial regimes, close relationships with the U.S. federal government via a "revolving door" of former employees, and driving up prices of commodities through futures speculation. While the company has appeared on the 100 Best Companies to Work For list compiled by Fortune, primarily due to its high compensation levels, it has also been criticized by its employees for 100-hour work weeks, high levels of employee dissatisfaction among first-year analysts, abusive treatment by superiors, a lack of mental health resources, and extremely high levels of stress in the workplace leading to physical discomfort.
<Frank_Macfarlane_Burnet>	Sir Frank Macfarlane Burnet, OM, AK, KBE, FRS, FAA, FRSNZ (3 September 1899 – 31 August 1985), usually known as Macfarlane or Mac Burnet, was an Australian virologist known for his contributions to immunology. He won a Nobel Prize in 1960 for predicting acquired immune tolerance and he developed the theory of clonal selection.Burnet received his Doctor of Medicine degree from the University of Melbourne in 1924, and his PhD from the University of London in 1928. He went on to conduct pioneering research in microbiology and immunology at the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Melbourne, and served as director of the Institute from 1944 to 1965. From 1965 until his retirement in 1978, Burnet worked at the University of Melbourne. Throughout his career he played an active role in the development of public policy for the medical sciences in Australia and was a founding member of the Australian Academy of Science (AAS), and served as its president from 1965 to 1969.
<Lorenzo_Lamas>	Lorenzo Fernando Lamas (born January 20, 1958) is an American actor. He is widely known for his role of Lance Cumson, the irresponsible grandson of Angela Channing—played by Jane Wyman—in the soap opera Falcon Crest (1981–1990), for which he received a Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor – Series, Miniseries or Television Film.Lamas is also known for his roles as Reno Raines in the crime drama series Renegade (1992–1997), Dr. Hollywood on the Nickelodeon's TV show Big Time Rush (2009-2013), Hector Ramirez in the soap opera The Bold and the Beautiful (2004–2006), and Meap on the television show Phineas and Ferb.
<Evil_Queen_(Disney)>	The Evil Queen, also known as the Wicked Queen, Queen Grimhilde, or just the Queen, is a fictional character who appears as the main antagonist in Walt Disney Productions' first animated feature film Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937) and remains a villain character in their extended Snow White franchise. She is based on the Evil Queen character from the 1812 German fairy tale "Snow White".In the film, similar to the Brothers Grimm story it is based on, the Evil Queen is cold, sadistic, cruel, and extremely vain, owning a magic mirror, and obsessively desiring to remain the "fairest in the land". She becomes madly envious over the beauty of her stepdaughter, Princess Snow White, as well as the attentions of the Prince from another land; such love triangle element is one of Disney's changes to the story. This leads her to plot the death of Snow White and ultimately on the path to her own demise, which in the film is indirectly caused by the Seven Dwarfs. The film's version of the Queen character uses her dark magic powers to actually transform herself into an old woman instead of just taking a disguise like in the Grimms' story; this appearance of hers is commonly referred to as the Wicked Witch or alternatively as the Old Hag or just the Witch in the stepmother's disguised form. The Queen dies in the film, but lives on in a variety of non-canonical Disney works.
<William_Black_(novelist)>	William Black (13 November 1841 – 10 December 1898) was a novelist born in Glasgow, Scotland. During his lifetime, Black's novels were immensely popular and compared favourably with those of Anthony Trollope. However, his fame and popularity did not survive long into the 20th century.William was born to James Black and his second wife Caroline Conning. He was educated to be a landscape painter, a training that influenced his literary life. As a writer, he became known for his detailed, atmospheric descriptions of landscapes and seascapes in novels such as White Wings: A Yachting Romance (1880).
<Eddie_Sutton>	Edward Eugene Sutton (March 12, 1936 – May 23, 2020) was an American college basketball coach. A native of Bucklin, Kansas, Sutton played college basketball at Oklahoma A&M (later Oklahoma State) and was a head coach at the high school, junior college, and college levels spanning six decades.After beginning his coaching career as a graduate assistant at Oklahoma State under Henry Iba, Sutton was a successful head coach at Tulsa Central High School and the College of Southern Idaho. Sutton began coaching at the NCAA level in 1969 at Creighton University, followed by Arkansas from 1974 to 1985, Kentucky from 1985 to 1989, and Oklahoma State from 1990 to 2006. For part of the 2007–08 season, Sutton was interim head coach at San Francisco. During his college coaching career, Sutton is one of only eight NCAA Division I coaches to have had more than 800 career wins. From 1977 to 2005, Sutton's teams appeared in all but one NCAA Tournament. Sutton was inducted into the College Basketball Hall of Fame in 2011 and Basketball Hall of Fame in 2020.
<Tête-à-tête_(book)>	Tête-à-tête is a 2006 non-fiction book by Hazel Rowley about the lives of Jean-Paul Sartre and Simone de Beauvoir.In 2006, the editors of Lire magazine included it in a list of the twenty best books written in French of that year.
<National_Taiwan_Normal_University>	National Taiwan Normal University (NTNU; Chinese: 國立臺灣師範大學; pinyin: Guólì Táiwān Shīfàn Dàxué), or Shīdà 師大 is an institution of higher education and normal school operating out of three campuses in Taipei, Taiwan. NTNU is the leading research institute in such disciplines as Education and Linguistics in Taiwan. NTNU was internationally ranked 331st in the 2021 QS World University Rankings, 601-800th in the 2021 Times Higher Education World University Rankings and 900–1000th in the 2020 Academic Ranking of World Universities. NTNU is widely recognized as one of Taiwan's comprehensive and elite higher education institutions with the most international exposure. NTNU is affiliated with National Taiwan University and National Taiwan University of Science and Technology as part of the National Taiwan University System. NTNU is an official member of AAPBS. A number of Taiwan's leading artists, authors, educators, musicologists, linguists, painters, philologists, poets, sinologists and many researchers have passed through the university's doors as students and faculty.The university enrolls approximately 17,000 students each year. Approximately 1,500 students are international.Since 2015, NTNU has been ranked within 350 in the QS World University Rankings (No. 331 in the world in 2020 and No. 61 in Asia). NTNU has been ranked among the top 50 in the world in the three disciplines of education, linguistics, and library and information management systems.
<Aloke_Lohia>	Aloke Lohia (born 1958) is an Indian billionaire businessman, and the founder and CEO of Indorama Ventures.Lohia was educated at Delhi University, where he received a bachelor of commerce degree. Lohia is married to Suchitra Lohia, a director and vice chairman of the Indorama Ventures. They have a daughter and two sons together.
<Genetics_Society_of_America_Medal>	The Genetics Society of American Medal is a medal awarded by the Genetics Society of America (GSA) for outstanding contributions to the field of genetics in the last 15 years.The Medal was established by society in 1981 and recognizes members who have made recent contributions to the field.Source: Genetics Society of America
<Alisher_Usmanov>	Alisher Burkhanovich Usmanov (Russian: Алишер Бурханович Усманов; born 9 September 1953) is an Uzbek-born Russian businessman and oligarch. By 2022, Usmanov had an estimated net worth of $19.5 billion and was among the world's 100 wealthiest people.Usmanov made his wealth after the collapse of the Soviet Union, through metal and mining operations, and investments. He is the majority shareholder of Metalloinvest, a Russian industrial conglomerate, which consolidated in 2006 JSC Metalloinvest's assets (Mikhailovsky GOK and Ural Steel) with those of Gazmetall JSC (Lebedinsky GOK and the Oskol Electrometallurgical Plant).
<Wankhede_Stadium>	The Wankhede Stadium (pronounced [ʋaːnkʰeɖe]) is an international cricket stadium in Mumbai, India. It is the home ground of Mumbai cricket team and IPL franchise Mumbai Indians. This stadium is situated near the Marine drive-Arabian Sea in the Churchgate area of South Mumbai in Maharashtra. 
<George_Cobb_(golf)>	George W. Cobb, ASGCA (July 2, 1914 - January 15, 1986) is a notable and prolific golf course designer who created the Par-3 course at Augusta National Golf Club among more than one hundred courses and renovated many, including his own early work. He strove to create attractive layouts that the average golfer would find enjoyable, not frustrating.Cobb was born into a family of golfers in Savannah, Georgia, learned to play as a child and was a scratch golfer.  He had an older brother, W.E. and a younger sister, Mary A.Cobb attended the University of Georgia, where he played on the college golf team. He studied landscape architecture and graduated in 1937. He was hired by the National Park Service and worked as a landscape architect until 1941.During World War II, Cobb was a Marine Corps engineering officer at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina. Because he was an avid golfer and landscape architect, he was assigned the task of constructing a golf course for use in physical rehabilitation of injured GIs, but he had no experience in course design. Cobb was permitted to hire experienced course architect Fred Findlay to provide design assistance. Cobb handled the construction superintendent responsibilities on this and a subsequent course at Lejeune.In 1946, Cobb designed and built the course at the Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point on his own, then was discharged from the Marines during 1947.
<Pac-12_Conference_Men's_Basketball_Coach_of_the_Year>	The John R. Wooden Coach of the Year, commonly known as the Pac-12 Coach of the Year, is an annual college basketball award presented to the top men's basketball coach in the Pac-12 Conference. The winner is selected by conference coaches, who are not allowed to vote for themselves. Former Arizona coach Lute Olson won the award a record seven times. It was first awarded in 1976, when the conference consisted of eight teams and was known as the Pacific-8, before becoming the Pacific-10 after expanding in 1978. Two more teams were added in 2011, when the conference became the Pac-12. The award was known as the Pac-10 Coach of the Year Award when it was renamed in John Wooden's honor following his death in June 2010. Wooden coached the UCLA Bruins for 27 years while winning a record 10 national championships, including seven straight. He retired in 1975, the year before the award began.Dick DiBiaso of Stanford and George Raveling of Washington State were co-winners in the award's inaugural year. Both schools finished in the lower half of the conference that year. DiBiaso is the only coach to have received the award with a losing record. He was a first-year coach for the Cardinal (then nicknamed Cardinals) with only one returning starter, and the team lost a number of significant players to injury. Stanford's record was 9–18 with 11 losses by six points or less. Since the conference expanded to 10 teams in 1978, the winner of the award has typically qualified for the NCAA Tournament. Marv Harshman was 19–10 with Washington in 1981–82 and fellow Huskies coach Bob Bender finished 16–12 in 1995–96 when the schools landed in the National Invitation Tournament (NIT). In 1990–91, Kelvin Sampson guided Washington State to a 16–12 record and did not compete in a postseason tournament.
<Leeds>	Leeds (/liːdz/) is a city and the administrative centre of the City of Leeds district in West Yorkshire, England. It is built around the River Aire and is in the eastern foothills of the Pennines. It is also the third-largest settlement (by population) in England, after London and Birmingham.The city was a small manorial borough in the 13th century and a market town in the 16th century. It expanded by becoming a major production centre, including of carbonated water where it was invented in the 1760s, and trading centre (mainly with wool) for the 17th and 18th centuries. It was a major mill town during the Industrial Revolution. It was also known for its flax industry,  iron foundries, engineering and printing, as well as shopping, with several surviving Victorian era arcades, such as Kirkgate Market. City status was awarded in 1893, a populous urban centre formed in the following century which absorbed surrounding villages and overtook the nearby York population.
<Edward_Woodruff_Seymour>	Edward Woodruff Seymour (August 30, 1832 – October 16, 1892) was a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from Connecticut, son of Origen Storrs Seymour, great-nephew of Horatio Seymour.Born in Litchfield, Connecticut, Seymour attended the public schools and was graduated from Yale College in 1853. He studied law. He was admitted to the bar in 1856 and practiced in Litchfield and Bridgeport, Connecticut.He served as member of the State house of representatives from 1859 to 1860, and from 1870 to 1871. He served in the State senate in 1876.
<Red_Star_Belgrade>	Fudbalski klub Crvena zvezda (Serbian Cyrillic: Фудбалски клуб Црвена звезда, lit. 'Red Star Football Club', pronounced [tsř̩ʋenaː zʋěːzda]), commonly known as Red Star Belgrade in English-language media, is a Serbian professional football club based in Belgrade, and a major part of the Red Star multi-sport club.They are the most successful club from the Balkans and Southeast Europe, being the only club to win both the European Cup and Intercontinental Cup, having done so in 1991, and only the second team from Eastern Europe to win the European Cup. With 33 national championships, 26 national cups, 2 national supercups, 2 national champions leagues and one league cup between Serbian and Yugoslav competitions, Red Star was the most successful club in Yugoslavia and finished first in the Yugoslav First League all-time table, and is the most successful club in Serbia. Since the 1991–92 season, Red Star's best results were reaching the UEFA Champions League group stage, the UEFA Europa League round of 16 and the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup round of 16.
<Boris_Sagal>	Boris Sagal (October 18, 1923 – May 22, 1981) was an American television and film director.Born in Yekaterinoslav, Ukrainian SSR (now known as Dnipro, Ukraine) to a Ukrainian-Jewish family, Sagal immigrated to the United States. Sagal's  TV credits include directing episodes of The Twilight Zone, T.H.E. Cat, Alfred Hitchcock Presents, Night Gallery, Columbo: Candidate for Crime, Peter Gunn, and The Man from U.N.C.L.E.. He also directed the 1972 television adaptation of Percy MacKaye's play The Scarecrow, for PBS. He was nominated for four Primetime Emmy Awards for his direction of the miniseries Rich Man, Poor Man and, posthumously, Masada.[citation needed]Sagal directed the 1971 science fiction film The Omega Man, starring Charlton Heston in the lead role, and The Dream Makers.
<Liberty_Property_Trust>	Liberty Property Trust was a real estate investment trust that invested in office buildings and industrial properties. As of December 31, 2017, the company owned interests in 461 industrial and 48 office properties comprising 86.0 million square feet.The company traces its history to Rouse & Associates, which was formed in 1972 by Willard Rouse, George Congdon, David Hammers, and Menard Doswell to develop warehouse space in southern New Jersey.In 1974, Rouse & Associates purchased the Great Valley Corporate Center (GVCC) in Malvern, Pennsylvania. This property was the first office park to incorporate a graduate college, a business development and training center, and a day care center.
<Roman_Bednář>	Roman Bednář (born 26 March 1983) is a Czech former professional footballer.Born in Prague, Bednář started his career as a youth player at ČAFC Prague before he stepped up to Gambrinus liga side FC Bohemians Praha in 1998. In 2002, after failing to break into the first team at Bohemians, he moved to Czech Second Division side FK Mladá Boleslav. Bednář finished the 2003–04 season as top scorer with 10 goals as Mladá Boleslav won the Second Division title.
<WJZB-TV>	WJZB-TV, UHF analog channel 14, was a television station located in Worcester, Massachusetts, United States. The station was on the air from 1953 to 1969, with a hiatus from 1955 to 1958.The station first signed on the air in December 1953 as WWOR-TV (no relation to the current New York City station that is licensed to Secaucus, New Jersey), operating as the second independent station in the Boston area. The station's transmitter was located on Asnebumskit Hill in Paxton. It also carried secondary affiliations with ABC and DuMont, and also cleared whatever NBC programs that WBZ-TV (channel 4, now a CBS owned-and-operated station) declined to air. Unfortunately, WWOR had signed on just after the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) opened the UHF band for broadcasting use, and television manufacturers were not required to include UHF tuning capability (Congress later passed the All-Channel Receiver Act in 1961, with UHF tuners beginning to be included on all newer sets as a result of its implementation by 1964). Even with the use of an expensive converter, WWOR's signal was marginal at best. No one was willing to advertise on a station that was barely viewable, and channel 14 went dark September 5, 1955.In 1958, WWOR's owners, Salisbury Broadcasting, merged with Springfield Television Corporation, owner of NBC affiliate WWLP-TV in Springfield. The station returned to the air December 1 as a satellite of WWLP. It was only on the air for six hours a day to protect WBZ-TV. After six years, Springfield Television decided to turn channel 14 into a Boston-focused independent station once again, under new call letters, WJZB (named for WWLP staffer John Z. Buckley). In the 1960s, it began airing Boston Bruins and Boston Celtics games (from WHDH-TV in Boston), and also aired classic movies, syndicated sports programs, travelogues and other standard independent fare. It also retained a part-time NBC affiliation.
<Tony_Bennett_(basketball)>	Anthony Guy Bennett (born June 1, 1969) is an American former professional basketball player and since 2009 the head coach of the University of Virginia men's team, with whom he won the NCAA Championship in 2019. Bennett is a three-time recipient of the Henry Iba Award, two-time Naismith College Coach of the Year, and two-time AP Coach of the Year. Bennett holds records for career winning percentage and single-season wins at both Virginia and Washington State, and is one of three coaches in history (with Dean Smith and Mike Krzyzewski) to lead his program to ten or more consecutive winning ACC records. Bennett is also one of three coaches (with Smith and Krzyzewski) to receive the ACC Coach of the Year award four or more times.From his first day at Virginia, he set the goal of building "a program that lasts." Originally inheriting the worst UVA team since 1967, his Cavaliers have had four 30-win seasons; won the NCAA tournament championship with a 35–3 team in 2019; won ACC tournaments in 2014 and in 2018; and have won or shared ACC regular season titles five times. Known for coaching defensive intensity, Bennett has been ranked the top defensive coach in college basketball by ESPN Insider and a CBS Sports poll of head coaches. The style of basketball he teaches has often been compared to a boa constrictor choking out opponents, and his teams are known for their unselfish play, defense-first philosophy, and tempo control.
<Mercedes-Benz_SL-Class_(R230)>	3.5 L 200–232 kW (268–311 hp) V63.7 L 180 kW (241 hp) V65.0 L 225–285 kW (302–382 hp) V85.4 L 350–380 kW (469–510 hp) Supercharged V85.5 L 285 kW (382 hp) V85.5 L 368–380 kW (493–510 hp) BiTurbo V126.0 L 368–493 kW (493–661 hp) BiTurbo V12The R230 generation of the Mercedes-Benz SL-Class was introduced at the 2001 Frankfurt Motor Show and 2001 Bologna Motor Show, replacing the R129. The R230 underwent revisions in 2006 and 2008, and was superseded by the new SL-Class R231 in 2011.
<Ashley_Cole>	Ashley Cole (born 20 December 1980) is an English football coach and former player who is currently a first-team coach at Premier League club Everton. As a player, he played as a left-back, most notably for Arsenal and Chelsea. Cole is considered by many critics and fellow professional players as one of the best defenders of his generation, and by some, for the better part of his career, as the best left-back in the world. Born in Stepney, London, Cole began his youth career at Arsenal and made his full debut for the club in November 1999, going on to make 228 appearances and scoring nine goals for the North London club. With Arsenal he won two Premier League titles, three FA Cups, and was an integral member of the "Invincibles" team of the 2003–04 season, who went the entire league season undefeated. Cole also made an appearance in Arsenal's first UEFA Champions League final in 2006; the club lost 2–1 to Barcelona.In August 2006, after a protracted transfer saga, Cole completed a move to rival club Chelsea, with whom he won further honours, including the Premier League in the 2009–10 season, four FA Cups, one Football League Cup and one UEFA Champions League. He was released by Chelsea at the end of the 2013–14 season. With seven winners' medals, Cole has won the FA Cup more times than any other player in history, and is one of two players to have won the Double with two clubs, along with Nicolas Anelka.
<John_Eaton_(politician)>	John Henry Eaton (June 18, 1790 – November 17, 1856) was an American politician and diplomat from Tennessee who served as U.S. Senator and as Secretary of War in the administration of Andrew Jackson. He was 28 years, 4 months, and 29 days old when he entered the Senate, making him the youngest U.S. Senator in history.Eaton was a lawyer in Tennessee who became part of a network that supported the political campaigns of Andrew Jackson.  He also served in the militia as a major, and during the War of 1812 became an aide to Jackson; Eaton served with Jackson in all his wartime campaigns and battles, including the Battle of New Orleans.  After serving in the Tennessee House of Representatives in 1815 and 1816, in 1818 Eaton was elected to the United States Senate, though he had not yet reached the constitutionally mandated age of 30.
<Robin_Hill_(biochemist)>	Robert Hill FRS (2 April 1899 – 15 March 1991), known as Robin Hill, was a British plant biochemist who, in 1939, demonstrated the 'Hill reaction' of photosynthesis, proving that oxygen is evolved during the light requiring steps of photosynthesis. He also made significant contributions to the development of the Z-scheme of oxygenic photosynthesis.Hill was born in New Milverton, a suburb of Leamington Spa, Warwickshire. He was educated at Bedales School, where he became interested in biology and astronomy (he published a paper on sunspots in 1917),[citation needed] and Emmanuel College, Cambridge, where he read Natural Sciences. During the First World War he served in the Anti-gas Department of the Royal Engineers.[citation needed]
<The_Superstation>	The Superstation (or Radio Radio as it was known in the industry) was set up in 1987 as an overnight sustaining service for Independent Local Radio. The station broadcast from 10.00pm until 6.00am on many of the UK's commercial radio stations, as a more economically viable alternative to local programming.The concept of the Superstation came from David Campbell and Rob Jones who worked for Virgin's radio arm and was backed financially by Richard Branson.
<Pavel_Plaskonny>	Pavel Syarheyevich Plaskonny (Belarusian: Павел Пласконны; Russian: Павел Серге́евич Пласконный; born 29 January 1985) is a retired Belarusian footballer who played defender.In July 2010, he signed with Neman Grodno. In early December 2011, Plaskonny moved to Dinamo Minsk, putting pen to paper on a three-year contract.34-year old Plaskonny announced his retirement in September 2019.
<West_Palm_Beach,_Florida>	West Palm Beach is a city in and the county seat of Palm Beach County, Florida, United States. It is located immediately to the west of the adjacent Palm Beach, which is situated on a barrier island across the Lake Worth Lagoon. The population was 117,415 at the 2020 census. West Palm Beach is a principal city of the Miami metropolitan area, which was home to 6,138,333 people in 2020. It is the oldest incorporated municipality in the South Florida area, incorporated as a city two years before Miami in November 1894. West Palm Beach is located approximately 68 miles (109 km) north of Downtown Miami.The beginning of the historic period in south Florida is marked by Juan Ponce de León's first contact with native people in 1513. Europeans found a thriving native population, which they categorized into separate tribes: the Mayaimi in the Lake Okeechobee Basin and the Jaega and Ais people in the East Okeechobee area and on the east coast north of the Tequesta. When the Spanish arrived, there were perhaps about 20,000 Native Americans in south Florida. By 1763, when the English gained control of Florida, the native peoples had all but been wiped out through war, enslavement, or European diseases.
<Trollied>	Trollied is a British sitcom about employees in a fictional supermarket named "Valco", which debuted on Sky One on 4 August 2011 and ended on 23 December 2018. The series was filmed in a purpose-built replica supermarket in the Bottle Yard Studios in Bristol throughout April and May 2011 for the first series with the second series being filmed in June and July 2012.At the conclusion of series 1, Sky 1 confirmed that the series had been recommissioned for two additional series of 13 episodes each, and a Christmas Special in 2012. The third series began airing from 22 August 2013 and ended on 7 November 2013. A second Christmas Special for 2013 aired on 24 December 2013. On 20 March 2014 it was announced that Sky had commissioned a fourth series of Trollied which aired in October 2014. The fourth series started filming in Bristol in June 2014 and began transmission on 3 November 2014 and concluded on 22 December 2014. A fifth series began airing on 2 November 2015 and ended on 14 December 2015. A Christmas Special aired on 23 December 2015. In April 2016, Jason Watkins confirmed that a sixth series had been commissioned, with filming to begin in June. A sixth series began airing on 7 November 2016, ending with a Christmas Special on 19 December 2016. A seventh series began filming on 11 July 2017, with a Christmas Special set to precede it. On 28 November 2017, it was announced that the Christmas Special would air on 24 December 2017. A seventh series began airing on 2 January 2018. On 23 August 2018, it was announced that Trollied would end with a final Christmas special, which broadcast on 23 December 2018.
<Gary_Loveman>	Gary William Loveman (born April 12, 1960) is an American economist, businessman, and former academic professor. After nine years on the faculty of Harvard Business School, he left in 1998 to become COO of Harrah's Entertainment, which, following a number of acquisitions, became Caesars Entertainment. He was the CEO of Caesars Entertainment Corporation for 12 years until stepping down on June 30, 2015, amidst a bankruptcy and restructuring. He remained chairman until late 2017. He was then president of Aetna’s Consumer Health and Services division from October 2015 until January 2018.In 2019, he co-founded digital health engagement platform Well. Loveman is known for the development and application of analytics to influence customer behavior, and is a minority owner of the Boston Celtics.
<Louis-Jeantet_Prize_for_Medicine>	Established in 1986, the Louis-Jeantet Prizes are funded by the Fondation Louis-Jeantet and awarded each year to experienced researchers who have distinguished themselves in the field of biomedical research in one of the member states of the Council of Europe. They are not intended solely as the recognition of work that has been completed, but also to encourage the continuation of innovative research projects. The prizes are awarded to fully active researchers whose scientific efforts are focused on biomedical research. When the research being recognised is close to practical applications for combating illnesses affecting humankind, one of the Louis-Jeantet Prizes converts into a Jeantet-Collen Prize for Translational Medicine, supported by generous donations from the Désiré Collen Stichting.The particular research domains in which prizes have been awarded are physiology, biophysics, structural biology, biochemistry, cellular and molecular biology, developmental biology and genetics; prize-winners have worked in immunology, virology, bacteriology, neurobiology, clinical epidemiology and structural biochemistry.
<In_Loving_Memory_(TV_series)>	In Loving Memory is a British period sitcom set in an undertakers business that starred Thora Hird and Christopher Beeny. A pilot with Marjorie Rhodes in the Thora Hird role was transmitted in 1969 by Thames Television, who rejected the idea before it was finally accepted by Yorkshire Television nearly 10 years later, where it ran for a further five series between 21 May 1979 and 27 March 1986.The year is 1929 and in the opening episode Jeremiah Unsworth (Freddie Jones), the proprietor of the undertakers, dies. This leaves his widow Ivy (Thora Hird) and gormless nephew Billy (Christopher Beeny) to take over the business. As might be expected, the accident-prone Ivy and Billy have numerous mishaps, and hardly a funeral goes by without something untoward occurring. A running subplot is Billy's pursuit of romance, often at the encouragement of Ernie Hadfield; this later ends with Billy's marriage to old schoolfriend Mary Braithwaite - who had originally been set to marry Ernie.
<Asahi_Prize>	The Asahi Prize (朝日賞, Asahi Shō), established in 1929, is an award presented by the Japanese newspaper Asahi Shimbun and Asahi Shimbun Foundation to honor individuals and groups that have made outstanding accomplishments in the fields of arts and academics and have greatly contributed to the development and progress of Japanese culture and society at large.The Asahi Prize was created to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the foundation of Asahi Shimbun. It is recognized today as one of the most authoritative private awards.Past prize winners include the following.
<Cambridge_University_Press>	Cambridge University Press is the university press of the University of Cambridge. Granted letters patent by King Henry VIII in 1534, it is the oldest university press in the world. It is also the King's Printer.Cambridge University Press is a department of the University of Cambridge and is both an academic and educational publisher. It became part of Cambridge University Press & Assessment, following a merger with Cambridge Assessment in 2021. With a global sales presence, publishing hubs, and offices in more than 40 countries, it publishes over 50,000 titles by authors from over 100 countries. Its publishing includes more than 380 academic journals, monographs, reference works, school and university textbooks, and English language teaching and learning publications. It also publishes Bibles, runs a bookshop in Cambridge, sells through Amazon, and has a conference venues business in Cambridge at the Pitt Building and the Sir Geoffrey Cass Sports and Social Centre.
<Paulo_Sérgio_Moreira_Gonçalves>	Paulo Sérgio Moreira Gonçalves (born 24 January 1984), known as Paulo Sérgio, is a retired Portuguese footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or right winger.He amassed Primeira Liga totals of 162 matches and 13 goals over eight seasons, appearing in the competition for Académica, Belenenses, Estrela da Amadora, Aves, Olhanense, Vitória de Guimarães and Arouca. He also competed professionally in Spain, Cyprus, Singapore and Indonesia, winning the S.League with DPMM and repeating the feat in Liga 1 with Bhayangkara and Bali United.
<Balu_Mahendra>	Balanathan Benjamin Mahendran (19 May 1939 – 13 February 2014), commonly known as Balu Mahendra, was a Sri Lankan-born Indian cinematographer, director, screenwriter and film editor who worked predominantly in Tamil cinema. Widely regarded as an auteur, Mahendra usually scripted and edited his films apart from shooting them. He was the recipient of six National Film Awards (including two for Best Cinematography), five Filmfare Awards South and several state government awards.
<The_Broom_of_the_System>	The Broom of the System is the first novel by the American writer David Foster Wallace, published in 1987.Wallace submitted the novel as one of two undergraduate honors theses at Amherst College, the other being a paper on Richard Taylor's fatalism. He had begun study in philosophy at Amherst, interested in math and logic, and developed an interest in Ludwig Wittgenstein before beginning the novel. A professor commented that Wallace's philosophy writing tended to have the quality of an unfolding story, leading Wallace to explore literature. Having submitted Broom of the System to the Department of English, he decided to focus his career on fiction. Broom was published in 1987 as Wallace completed a Master of Fine Arts in creative writing at the University of Arizona. He had also sold his first short-story collection Girl with Curious Hair, leaving him in an enviable position among MFA students.Wallace stated that the initial idea for the novel sprang from a remark made by an old girlfriend. DT Max reported that, according to Wallace, she said "she would rather be a character in a piece of fiction than a real person. I got to wondering just what the difference was."
<House_Made_of_Dawn>	House Made of Dawn is a 1968 novel by N. Scott Momaday, widely credited as leading the way for the breakthrough of Native American literature into the mainstream. It was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1969, and has also been noted for its significance in Native American anthropology.With 198 pages, House Made of Dawn was conceived first as a series of poems, and then replanned as stories, and finally shaped into a novel. It is based largely on Momaday's firsthand knowledge of life at Jemez Pueblo. Like the novel's protagonist, Abel, Momaday lived both inside and outside of mainstream society, growing up on reservations and later attending school and teaching at major universities. In the novel Momaday combines his personal experiences with his imagination—something his father, Al Momaday, and his mother taught him to do, according to his memoir The Names.Details in the novel correspond to real-life occurrences. Momaday refers in his memoir The Names to an incident that took place at Jemez on which he based the murder in House Made of Dawn. A native resident killed a New Mexico state trooper, and the incident created great controversy. Native American beliefs and customs, actual geographical locations, and realistic events also inspired elements in House Made of Dawn. According to one of Momaday's letters:
<The_Wild_Geese_(Carney_novel)>	The Wild Geese is a 1978 novel by Rhodesian author Daniel Carney published by Bantam Books. He originally titled it The Thin White Line, but it went unpublished until its film adaptation The Wild Geese was made.Carney could not get his novel published until a chance meeting with film producer Euan Lloyd. Lloyd loved the story,[citation needed] about mercenaries in Africa on a mission to rescue a deposed leader, and purchased the rights to adapt it into a film. Carney in return asked for his novel to be published and Lloyd agreed, as he had already had an offer from an American publisher when he had first taken the novel to Hollywood. The novel was finally published as The Wild Geese just before the film's release.
<Chubu_Electric_Power>	Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc. (Japanese: 中部電力株式会社, Chūbu Denryoku Kabushiki Kaisha), abbreviated as Chuden in Japanese, is a Japanese electric utilities provider for the middle Chūbu region of the Honshu island of Japan.  It provides electricity at 60 Hz, though an area of Nagano Prefecture uses 50 Hz. Chubu Electric Power ranks third among Japan's largest electric utilities in terms of power generation capacity, electric energy sold, and annual revenue. It is also one of Nagoya's "four influential companies" along with Meitetsu, Matsuzakaya, and Toho Gas. Recently, the company has also expanded into the business of optical fibers. On January 1, 2006, a new company, Chubu Telecommunications, was formed.In May 2011, Prime Minister Naoto Kan requested that the Hamaoka Nuclear Power Plant, which sits in an area considered overdue for a large earthquake, be shut down, after which Chubu Electric Power suspended operations at the plant. A lawsuit seeking the decommissioning of the reactors at the Hamaoka plant permanently has been filed.In August 2013, Chubu announced it would acquire an 80% stake in the Tokyo-based electricity supplier, Diamond Corp, marking the firm's entry into a market usually associated with Tokyo Electric Power Company.
<French_Stewart>	Milton French-Stewart IV (born February 20, 1964), known professionally as French Stewart, is an American actor, best known for playing Harry Solomon on the NBC sitcom 3rd Rock from the Sun. He also played Marv Murchins in Home Alone 4, Inspector Gadget in Inspector Gadget 2, and Chef Rudy on the CBS sitcom Mom.Stewart was born in Albuquerque, New Mexico. His mother was a homemaker, and his stepfather was a microfilm technician. He attended Del Norte High School and also studied at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts.[citation needed]Stewart toured in regional theatre for seven years before breaking into television with the role of Razor Dee, a spaced-out DJ on the final season of The New WKRP in Cincinnati in 1992. He earned his Screen Actors Guild card while working for Hanna-Barbera's Shakey Quakey tour, but was later released for removing the head of his costume in front of children. In 1996, he was cast on 3rd Rock from the Sun, which lasted for six seasons, and where Stewart was noted for his talents at physical comedy and his characteristic "squinting" facial expression. During 3rd Rock's height of popularity, he appeared in numerous commercials and as a spokesperson for the beverage Clamato.[citation needed]
<David_Clayton_Rogers>	David Clayton Rogers (born October 21, 1977) is an American actor, writer, and film producer.  He has co-starred in films such as Sublime and Dark Ride. Rogers began his acting career in the made-for-television film Bloody Sunday, followed by an appearance on The WB's Gilmore Girls. In early 2004, he joined the cast of the drama series NY-LON. In 2010, he co-starred in the ABC Family Original Movie Revenge of the Bridesmaids with Joanna Garcia.Rogers has produced two short films: 2006's Following Abraham and 2009's Skylight, which he also wrote and appeared in.
<Terason>	Terason, a division of Teratech Corporation, is a global medical ultrasound imaging company headquartered in Burlington, Massachusetts, USA. Terason was the first to patent color portable ultrasound and is a market leader in ultrasound-guided venous intervention. Terason produces portable ultrasound products and technologies and has provided ultrasound systems to clinicians, hospitals, outpatient centers, and OEM partners since 2000.Terason, a division of Teratech Corporation, began in 1994. Dr. Alice Chiang founded the company to apply developments in the fields of radar, sonar and telecommunications technologies to the demanding requirements of battlefield ultrasound. Recognizing that decades of breakthrough research for the U.S. Department of Defense could be applied to the challenges of mainstream ultrasound imaging, Dr. Chiang formed the Terason division. With initial key patents protecting the integrated circuit technology she developed at MIT Lincoln Laboratory, Dr. Chiang dedicated the Terason division to the development of a micro-miniaturized commercial ultrasound system.Terason has shipped thousands of ultrasound systems to clinicians, hospitals, outpatient centers, and OEM partners since 2000. Terason is the market leader in ultrasound-guided venous intervention. Terason systems are routinely used in the fields of vascular surgery, interventional radiology, endocrinology and nephrology, cardiology, musculoskeletal (MSK) and breast surgery. More recently, Terason was the first company to turn a laptop (MacBook Pro) into an ultrasound machine.
<Elfriede_Geiringer>	Elfriede Geiringer (Fritzi; née Markovits; 13 February 1905 – 2 October 1998) was a Jewish survivor of World War II. She was the second wife of Otto Frank, who was the father of Anne and Margot Frank.Elfriede Markovits was born in Vienna, Austria in 1905. She married Erich Geiringer and the couple had two children: son Heinz, born in 1926; and daughter Eva, born in 1929. The family fled first to Belgium and then to the Netherlands in 1938, where they settled down as neighbors to the Frank family. Eva and Anne knew each other.
<Tiffani_Thiessen>	Tiffani Amber Thiessen (born January 23, 1974) is an American actress who starred as Kelly Kapowski on NBC's Saved by the Bell (1989–1993), as Valerie Malone on Fox's Beverly Hills, 90210 (1994–98), and as Lori on Netflix's Alexa & Katie (2018–2020). Thiessen has also starred in other TV series such as Fox's Fastlane (2002–2003), ABC's What About Brian (2007), and USA Network's White Collar (2009–2014), as well as in a number of TV movies, and she has also appeared in several films, such as Son in Law (1993), Shriek If You Know What I Did Last Friday the 13th (2000), Hollywood Ending (2002) and Cyborg Soldier (2008).Thiessen was born in Long Beach, California, the daughter of Robyn (née Ernest), a homemaker, and Frank Thiessen, a park designer and landscape architect.[citation needed] She has credited her brother, Todd, as one of her most important sources of inspiration, and her mother and grandmother as role models. Thiessen told InStyle magazine: "I'm a mutt. I have so much of everything in me, and half of it I don't even know. German on one side, Greek, Turkish and Welsh on the other. My mom is very olive-skinned; I get my blue eyes from my dad."
<Brad_Faxon>	Bradford John Faxon Jr. (born August 1, 1961) is an American professional golfer. He has won eight times on the PGA Tour.Faxon was born in Oceanport, New Jersey and raised in Barrington, Rhode Island. He attended Furman University, and earned a Bachelor of Economics degree in 1983.At Furman, Faxon was a two-time All-American (1982, 1983) as a member of the golf team. He played on the 1983 Walker Cup team. Faxon won the Haskins Award for the most outstanding collegiate golfer in the United States in 1983. He also received that same year's Golf Magazine and NCAA Coaches Awards as the nation's outstanding amateur golfer. He turned professional in 1983.
<SASTRA_Ramanujan_Prize>	The SASTRA Ramanujan Prize, founded by Shanmugha Arts, Science, Technology & Research Academy (SASTRA) located near Kumbakonam, India, Srinivasa Ramanujan's hometown, is awarded every year to a young mathematician judged to have done outstanding work in Ramanujan's fields of interest.  The age limit for the prize has been set at 32 (the age at which Ramanujan died), and the current award is $10,000.An F symbol denotes mathematicians who later earned a Fields Medal.Kannan Soundararajan
<Mark_Oliphant>	Sir Marcus Laurence Elwin Oliphant, AC, KBE, FRS, FAA, FTSE (8 October 1901 – 14 July 2000) was an Australian physicist and humanitarian who played an important role in the first experimental demonstration of nuclear fusion and in the development of nuclear weapons.Born and raised in Adelaide, South Australia, Oliphant graduated from the University of Adelaide in 1922. He was awarded an 1851 Exhibition Scholarship in 1927 on the strength of the research he had done on mercury, and went to England, where he studied under Sir Ernest Rutherford at the University of Cambridge's Cavendish Laboratory. There, he used a particle accelerator to fire heavy hydrogen nuclei (deuterons) at various targets. He discovered the respective nuclei of helium-3 (helions) and of tritium (tritons). He also discovered that when they reacted with each other, the particles that were released had far more energy than they started with. Energy had been liberated from inside the nucleus, and he realised that this was a result of nuclear fusion.
<Sisinio_González_Martínez>	Sisinio González Martínez (Spanish pronunciation: [siˈsinjo ɣonˈθaleθ maɾˈtineθ]; born 22 April 1986), commonly known as Sisi [ˈsisi], is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a left winger.Sisi was born in Albacete, Castile-La Mancha. A product of Valencia CF's youth system – he arrived aged 15 from hometown's Albacete Balompié – he first served loan stints in the Segunda División, with Hércules CF and Real Valladolid, with a 2007 top-flight promotion with the latter (he also appeared in the Segunda División B with the former). Whilst playing with Valladolid, the football site Goal.com mentioned him as one of the emergent talents in Spain.
<Genoa>	Genoa (/ˈdʒɛnoʊə/ JEN-oh-ə; Italian: Genova [ˈdʒɛːnova] (listen); Ligurian: Zêna [ˈzeːna]) is the capital of the Italian region of Liguria and the sixth-largest city in Italy. In 2015, 594,733 people lived within the city's administrative limits. As of the 2011 Italian census, the Province of Genoa, which in 2015 became the Metropolitan City of Genoa, had 855,834 resident persons. Over 1.5 million people live in the wider metropolitan area stretching along the Italian Riviera.On the Gulf of Genoa in the Ligurian Sea, Genoa has historically been one of the most important ports on the Mediterranean: it is currently the busiest in Italy and in the Mediterranean Sea and twelfth-busiest in the European Union.
<Jules_A._Hoffmann>	Jules A. Hoffmann (French pronunciation: ​[ʒyl ɔfman]; born 2 August 1941) is a Luxembourg-born French biologist. During his youth, growing up in Luxembourg, he developed a strong interest in insects under the influence of his father, Jos Hoffmann. This eventually resulted in the younger Hoffmann's dedication to the field of biology using insects as model organisms. He currently holds a faculty position at the University of Strasbourg. He is a research director and member of the board of administrators of the National Center of Scientific Research (CNRS) in Strasbourg, France. He was elected to the positions of Vice-President (2005-2006) and President (2007-2008) of the French Academy of Sciences. Hoffmann and Bruce Beutler were jointly awarded a half share of the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for "their discoveries concerning the activation of innate immunity,". [More specifically, the work showing increased Drosomycin expression following activation of Toll pathway in microbial infection.]Hoffmann and Bruno Lemaitre discovered the function of the fruit fly Toll gene in innate immunity. Its mammalian homologs, the Toll-like receptors, were discovered by Beutler. Toll-like receptors identify constituents of other organisms like fungi and bacteria, and trigger an immune response, explaining, for example, how septic shock can be triggered by bacterial remains.Jules Hoffmann went to the Lycée de Garçons de Luxembourg before leaving to France. Hoffmann received undergraduate degrees in biology and chemistry at the University of Strasbourg, France. In 1969, he completed his Ph.D. in biology also at the University of Strasbourg under Pierre Joly in Laboratory of General Biology at the Institute of Zoology. His post-doctoral training was at the Institut für Physiologische Chemie at Philipps-Universität in Marburg an der Lahn, Germany, in 1973–1974.
<Raceland_(horse)>	Raceland (1885–1894) was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.Out of the mare Calomel, his British sire, Billet, was imported to stand at stud in the United States where in 1883 he was the Leading sire in North America. Grandsire Voltigeur won England's Epsom Derby and St. Leger Stakes in 1850.Raceland was purchased and raced by Joseph F. Ullman, a native of St. Louis, Missouri who held a controlling interest in the East St. Louis Jockey Club and who was the preeminent bookmaker of the day.
<Spelling_Television>	Spelling Television Inc. was an American television production company that went through several name changes. It was originally called Aaron Spelling Productions, then Spelling Entertainment Inc. and eventually part of Spelling Entertainment Group. The company produced popular shows such as The Love Boat, Dynasty, Beverly Hills, 90210, 7th Heaven, Melrose Place and Charmed. The company was founded by television producer Aaron Spelling on October 25, 1965. The company is currently an in-name-only unit of CBS Studios. A related company, Spelling-Goldberg Productions, co-existed during a portion of the same time period and produced other well-known shows such as Family, Charlie's Angels, Starsky & Hutch, and Fantasy Island but these series are not part of the modern day library now owned by Paramount Global. Another related company, The Douglas S. Cramer Company co-existed during a portion of the same time period (held by Douglas S. Cramer, who held the position as Executive VP), produced shows like Wonder Woman, Joe and Sons, and Bridget Loves Bernie and television films like Dawn: Portrait of a Teenage Runaway.On October 25, 1965, after his exit from Four Star Television as a staff writer prior to becoming a producer, Aaron Spelling formed his own company with Danny Thomas, Thomas-Spelling Productions.Thomas-Spelling Productions was a television production company formed by comedian Danny Thomas and producer Aaron Spelling on April 15, 1966, as a partnership with 24 properties. The company adapted its name by July 18, 1966, when it announced the financial involvement of ABC with its first show, Range (later Rango), a half-hour comedy western starring Tim Conway. ABC also pick up another show for a pilot, just in an outline treatment, in The Guns of Will Sonnett. Thomas-Spelling Productions' active operations ended with the last season of The Mod Squad in 1972, with Spelling forming a new partnership with Leonard Goldberg, called Spelling-Goldberg Productions.
<Amitabh_Bachchan>	Amitabh Bachchan (pronounced [əmɪˈt̪ɑːbʱ ˈbətːʃən]; born as Amitabh Shrivastav; 11 October 1942) is an Indian actor, film producer, television host, occasional playback singer and former politician known for his work in Hindi cinema. He is regarded as one of the most successful and influential actors in the history of Indian cinema. Referred to as the Shahenshah of Bollywood (in reference to his 1988 film Shahenshah), Sadi ka Mahanayak (Hindi for, "Greatest actor of the century"), Star of the Millennium, or Big B. During the 1970s–1980s, he was the most dominant actor in the Indian movie scene; the French director François Truffaut called him a "one-man industry."Bachchan was born in 1942 in Allahabad to the Hindi poet Harivansh Rai Bachchan and his wife, the social activist Teji Bachchan. He was educated at Sherwood College, Nainital, and Kirori Mal College, University of Delhi. His film career started in 1969 as a voice narrator in Mrinal Sen's film Bhuvan Shome. He first gained popularity in the early 1970s for films such as Zanjeer, Deewaar and Sholay, and achieved greater stardom in later years, he was dubbed India's "angry young man" for his on-screen roles in Hindi films. He has since appeared in over 200 Indian films in a career spanning more than five decades,  He has won numerous accolades in his career, including four National Film Awards as Best Actor, Dadasaheb Phalke Award as lifetime achievement award and many awards at international film festivals and award ceremonies. He has won sixteen Filmfare Awards and is the most nominated performer in any major acting category at Filmfare, with 42 nominations overall. In addition to acting, Bachchan has worked as a playback singer, film producer and television presenter. He has hosted several seasons of the game show Kaun Banega Crorepati, India's version of the game show franchise, Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?. He also entered politics for a time in the 1980s.
<Loews_Cineplex_Entertainment>	Loews Cineplex Entertainment, also known as Loews Incorporated, is an American theater chain operating in North America. From 1924 until 1959, it was also the parent company of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios (MGM). The company was originally called "Loew's," after the founder, Marcus Loew. In 1969, when the Tisch brothers acquired the company, it became known as "Loews." The company merged with Canadian-based Cineplex Odeon Corporation in 1998, only to become bankrupt in 2001. The company merged with AMC Theatres on January 26, 2006, while the Canadian operations merged with Cineplex Galaxy in 2003.
<Claude_Chirac>	Claude Chirac, ComM (born 6 December 1962) is the youngest daughter of French president Jacques Chirac and was her father's personal advisor from 1994 until his death in 2019.Chirac is the director of communication at PRTP.PA which is part of Kering SA, a luxury group based in Paris, France. The group owns many luxury brands such as Italian labels Gucci and Bottega Veneta, French label Yves Saint Laurent as well as English label Alexander McQueen.
<George_Webster_(architect)>	George Webster (3 May 1797 – 16 April 1864) was an English architect who practised in Kendal, which was at the time in Westmorland, and later in Cumbria. All of his works were executed near his practice, and were located in Cumbria, in north Lancashire, and in the adjacent parts of Yorkshire. Most of his work was carried out on domestic buildings, but he also designed churches, and public and commercial buildings.George Webster came from a family of builders who later became architects, his father Francis (1767–1827) being described as a " mason, builder, and architect" whose speciality was the production of marble chimney-pieces and funerary monuments. It is not known how George received his architectural training, but he joined his father's business as a partner, and in 1818, he designed for the country house of Read Hall in Lancashire.
<Dina_Bonnevie>	Geraldine Schaer Bonnevie-Savellano (Tagalog pronunciation: [ˈbɔnɛvi], formerly Sotto and Penson; January 27, 1961), known by her stage name Dina Bonnevie, is an actress in the Philippines. Before joining Philippine showbiz, Bonnevie was first runner-up in the Miss Magnolia 1979 Beauty Contest. She landed her first acting assignment in the campy Temptation Island in 1980 with Joey Gosiengfiao at the helm. However, the following year, Regal Films launched her to lead star status via Joey Gosingfiao's Katorse opposite then boyfriend, Alfie Anido. The same film introduced a young Gabby Concepcion who essayed the role of a naughty brat of a man.In 1981, while doing Age Doesn't Matter with fellow Regal babies, Maricel Soriano and Snooky Serna and the wacky Tito, Vic & Joey, she fell in love with Vic Sotto. The following years, she went into semi-retirement by focusing on her domestic life, but seen on television via the sitcom 2 + 2 = Gulo with then husband, Vic Sotto and supported by Maricel Soriano and William Martinez, plus a young Herbert Bautista. In 1985, Viva Films assigned her the role of a young disturbed woman via Tinik sa Dibdib with Nora Aunor in the lead. She took home the FAMAS and FAP best-supporting actress statuettes.In 1986 she snagged her string of best actress trophies from the CMMA, FAMAS and FAP for Magdusa Ka!. In the said movie, she essayed the role of Christine, a young woman disowned by her mother, Toyang (Nida Blanca) after getting impregnated by boyfriend, Rod (Christopher de Leon). She ran away from Rod after frequent misunderstandings with her drunkard mother-in-law, Metring (Perla Bautista). She sought refuge from her rich but lameduck father, Bernardo (Dindo Fernando) but is sent away by her aristocratic grandmother Doña Perla (Armida Siguion Reyna). She asked the help of her best friend Violy (Jobelle Salvador) but was mistreated by the latter's mother (Angie Ferro). Christine after all the tribulations managed to stand up and healing followed.
<The_Sympathizer>	The Sympathizer is the 2015 debut novel by Vietnamese-American professor Viet Thanh Nguyen. It is a best-selling novel and recipient of the 2016 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. The novel received generally positive acclaim from critics, and it was named a New York Times Editor's Choice.The novel incorporates elements from a number of different novel genres: immigrant, mystery, political, metafiction, dark comedic, historical, spy, and war. The story depicts the anonymous narrator, a North Vietnamese mole in the South Vietnamese army, who stays embedded in a South Vietnamese community in exile in the United States. While in the United States, the narrator describes being an expatriate and a cultural advisor on the filming of an American film, closely resembling Platoon and Apocalypse Now, before returning to Vietnam as part of a guerrilla raid against the communists.
<Bank_of_Ceylon>	Bank of Ceylon (UK) Limited  (100%)Property Development PLC (96%)Hotels ColomboTransnational Lanka RecordsMerchant Bank of Sri Lanka & Finance PLC  (75%)Ceybank Asset Management Limited (43%)Southern Development Financial Company (42%)Transnational Lanka Records Solutions  (25%)Bank of Ceylon (BOC; Sinhala: ලංකා බැංකුව Lanka Bænkuwa|Tamil: இலங்கை வங்கி Ilangai Vangi) is a state-owned, major commercial bank in Sri Lanka. Its head office is located in an iconic cylindrical building in Colombo.
<Stade_Pierre-Mauroy>	The Stade Pierre-Mauroy, also known as the Decathlon Arena – Stade Pierre-Mauroy for sponsorship reasons, is a multi-use retractable roof stadium in Villeneuve-d'Ascq (Métropole Européenne de Lille), France, that opened in August 2012. It has a seating capacity of 50,186 and is the home stadium of Lille OSC. Initially named Grand Stade Lille Métropole, the stadium was renamed on 21 June 2013, just after the death of the former Mayor of Lille and former Prime Minister of France Pierre Mauroy.In 1975, Lille OSC began playing at the Stade Grimonprez-Jooris, a 21,128-seat facility. When the club began to play European Competitions, the venue did not match UEFA standards, prompting the club to play its UEFA Champions League games at the Stade Félix-Bollaert, home of rival RC Lens, in 2001. Plans were soon made to build a new stadium which would match UEFA demands, but the project was postponed and finally cancelled due to struggle with preservationists who stated that the location chosen for the new stadium was too close to the 17th Century Citadel.
<El_compadre_Mendoza>	Godfather Mendoza (Spanish: El compadre Mendoza) is a 1934 Mexican film. It was directed by Fernando de Fuentes, and is the second of his Revolution Trilogy, preceded by El prisionero trece and followed by Vámonos con Pancho Villa.In 1994, the Mexican magazine Somos published a list of "The 100 best movies of the cinema of Mexico" in its 100th edition and choose El compadre Mendoza the 3rd better of all time, just behind Vámonos con Pancho Villa and Los olvidados.This is the story of Rosalío Mendoza, a Mexican landowner during the Mexican Revolution of 1910. Rosalío survives by befriending both the army and the revolutionaries. Everyone is welcomed in his ranch, but the situation becomes unbearable and Rosalío must choose whose side he is on.
<Irving_Phillips>	Irving Walter Phillips (November 29, 1904 – October 28, 2000) was a noted American cartoonist, playwright, television scriptwriter, author, illustrator and educator. He is best remembered for his daily newspaper comic panel The Strange World of Mr. Mum.Born in Wilton, Wisconsin, Phillips began his career in show business as a violinist at the age of 17. He also played the saxophone and led his own orchestras. Phillips studied at the Chicago Academy of Fine Arts and freelanced cartoons to 36 different magazines during the Great Depression. He eventually became head of the humor staff for Esquire in the late 1930s.Phillips scripted for motion pictures, including Song of the Open Road (1944), which featured the film debut of Jane Powell. Phillips also penned the Powell vehicle Delightfully Dangerous in 1945.
<Shashi_Prabhu>	Shashi Prabhu (born 1944) is an Indian Architect whose company, Shashi Prabhu & Associates, has designed many Sports Complexes, Hospitals, Club Houses and Infrastructure projects throughout India.He was born in Mumbai in 1944 and graduated in Architecture from The Bandra School of Arts in 1966. After completing his schooling at the Balmohan Vidya Mandir, he joined the Poddar College of Commerce where he spent most of his time playing cricket. His fascination for the game eventually led him to design India's first modern stadium, the Wankhede Stadium, in Churchgate, Mumbai.
<Platinum_Technology>	Platinum Technology Inc. was founded by Andrew Filipowski in 1987 to market and support deployment of database management software products and the applications enabled by database management technology and to render related services. Over its 12-year history, it was known for its acquisition of other companies, having bought more than 50 companies between 1994 and 1999 and growing to become the eighth largest global software company with revenue of a billion dollars per year. Acquisitions included Altai, Inc. (1995), AutoSystems Corporation, Brownstone Solutions, ICON Computing, Intervista Software, Software Interfaces, Locus Computing Corporation, LBMS (1998), Logic Works (1998), Protosoft, RELTECH Group, Memco Software, Softool, SQL TOOLS, Inc., Trinzic, Viatech and VREAM (1996). The company was a member of the UML Partners consortium.In March 1999, Platinum was itself acquired by Computer Associates (CA) for 3.5 billion U.S. dollars, at that time the largest transaction in the history of the software industry. CA offered $29.25 per share, almost a three-to-one premium over Platinum's stock price of $9.875.In 2001, CA was sued by the United States Department of Justice (DOJ), alleging that the two companies prematurely reduced competition between each other. The DOJ claimed that this was achieved by agreeing to limit discounts offered to customers before the deal was completed.
<Madge_Evans>	Madge Evans (born Margherita Evans; July 1, 1909 – April 26, 1981) was an American stage and film actress. She began her career as a child performer and model.Born in Manhattan, Madge Evans was featured in print ads as the "Fairy Soap girl" when she was two years old. She made her professional debut at the age of six months, posing as an artist's model. As a youth, her playmates included Robert Warwick, Holbrook Blinn, and Henry Hull. When she was four years old, Evans was featured in a series of child plays produced by William A. Brady. She worked at the old movie studio in Long Island, New York. Her success was immediate, so much so that her mother loaned her daughter's name to a hat company. Evans posed in a mother and child tableau with Anita Stewart, then 16, for an Anheuser-Busch Brewing Company calendar, and as the little mountain girl in Heidi of the Alps.At the age of 8 in 1917, Evans appeared in the Broadway production of Peter Ibbetson with John Barrymore, Constance Collier and Laura Hope Crews. At 17, she returned to the stage and appeared as the ingenue in Daisy Mayme. Some of her better work in plays came in productions of Dread, The Marquis, and The Conquering Male. Her last appearance was in Philip Goes Forth produced by George Kelley. Evans' mother took her to England and Europe when she was 15.
<Eidos_Montréal>	Eidos-Montréal is a Canadian video game developer based in Montreal and part of Embracer Group. The studio was founded by Stéphane D'Astous in 2007 under SCi Entertainment. It became part of Square Enix Europe in 2009 and CDE Entertainment in 2022.Eidos Interactive announced plans to open a Montreal-based subsidiary studio in February 2007. Eidos-Montréal formally opened with general manager Stéphane D'Astous on 26 November 2007. According to D'Astous, unlike other video game development studios, Eidos-Montréal's development cycle as characterized by smaller teams (totalling to 350) working over a longer period.
<Social_Democratic_Party_(UK)>	The Social Democratic Party (SDP) was a centrist to centre-left political party in the United Kingdom. The party supported a mixed economy (favouring a system inspired by the German social market economy), electoral reform, European integration and a decentralised state while rejecting the possibility of trade unions being overly influential within the industrial sphere. The SDP officially advocated social democracy, but its actual propensity is evaluated as close to social liberalism.The SDP was founded on 26 March 1981 by four senior Labour Party moderates, dubbed the "Gang of Four": Roy Jenkins, David Owen, Bill Rodgers, and Shirley Williams, who issued the Limehouse Declaration. Owen and Rodgers were sitting Labour Members of Parliament (MPs); Jenkins had left Parliament in 1977 to serve as President of the European Commission, while Williams had lost her seat in the 1979 general election.  All four had held cabinet experience in the 1970s before Labour lost power in 1979. The four left the Labour Party as a result of the January 1981 Wembley conference which committed the party to unilateral nuclear disarmament and withdrawal from the European Economic Community.  They also believed that Labour had become too left-wing, and had been infiltrated at constituency party level by Militant tendency whose views and behaviour they considered to be at odds with the Parliamentary Labour Party and Labour voters.
<Albert_W._Hull>	Albert Wallace Hull (19 April 1880 – 22 January 1966) was an American physicist and electrical engineer who made contributions to the development of vacuum tubes, and invented  the magnetron. He was a member of the National Academy of Sciences.He was born  on 19 April 1880 in Southington, Connecticut.He majored in Greek and after taking one undergraduate course in physics, graduated from Yale University.He taught languages at The Albany Academy before returning to Yale, to take a doctorate in physics. He then undertook research on photoelectricity whilst teaching physics for five years at the Worcester Polytechnic Institute.
<After_Babel>	After Babel: Aspects of Language and Translation (1975; second edition 1992; third edition 1998) is a linguistics book by literary critic George Steiner, in which the author deals with the "Babel problem" of multiple languages.After Babel is a comprehensive study of the subject of language and translation. It is both a controversial and seminal work that covers a great deal of new ground and has remained the most thorough book on this topic since its publication. Director Peter Bush of the British Centre for Literary Translation at the University of East Anglia described the book as a "pioneering work which revealed all communication as a form of translation, and how central translation is to relations between cultures." Daniel Hahn at ContemporaryWriters.com wrote that "It is extraordinary in making a real contribution to translation studies, while remaining fairly self-contained and accessible to people who have never before given the matter a second thought."
<Siobhán_McKenna>	Siobhán McKenna (Irish: [ˈʃʊwaːn̪ˠ]; 24 May 1922 – 16 November 1986) was an Irish stage and screen actress.She was born Siobhán Giollamhuire Nic Cionnaith in Belfast in the newly-created Northern Ireland into a Catholic and nationalist family. She grew up in Galway and in County Monaghan, speaking fluent Irish. Her father Eoghan McKenna (born Millstreet, County Cork, 1892) was Professor of Mathematics at University College, Galway (UCG). She was still in her teens when she became a member of an amateur Gaelic theatre group and made her stage debut at Galway's national Irish language theatre, An Taibhdhearc, in 1940.
<Presidential_Administration_Building_(Kiev)>	The Presidential Office Building (Ukrainian: Будинок Секретаріату Президента) is an architectural monument of Kyiv, the capital of Ukraine. The building is the main office of the Office of the President of Ukraine and of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine.It is located at 11 Bankova vulytsia and was initially a reconstruction of the Kyiv Military District headquarters that was built sometime in the 1870s to Oleksandr Shile's design. The building is considered the peak of an architectural artistic work and was built after all government institutions of the Ukrainian SSR were transferred to Kyiv from Kharkiv.The building was built in 1936-39 by the design of the Kharkiv architect Serhiy Grigoriev for the headquarters of the Kyiv Special Military District. The author of the design was able organically unite elements of a classical style and Ukrainian Baroque.
<José_Luis_Deus>	José Luis Deus Rodríguez (born 12 January 1977) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a striker.He played 140 Segunda División matches over five seasons, scoring a total of 18 goals for Hércules, Gimnàstic, Xerez and Salamanca. In La Liga, he appeared for Deportivo de La Coruña.Born in Lausanne, Switzerland to Spanish immigrants, Deus started his career with Deportivo de La Coruña, being mainly associated to the reserve side during his tenure. His La Liga input with the first team consisted of 12 scoreless appearances, the first coming on 8 September 1996 in a 1–1 away draw against RC Celta de Vigo where he played 23 minutes.
<Jon_Vitti>	Jon Vitti is an American writer best known for his work on the television series The Simpsons. He has also written for King of the Hill, The Critic and The Office, and has served as a screenwriter or consultant for several animated and live-action movies, including Ice Age (2002), Robots (2005), and Horton Hears a Who! (2008). He is one of the eleven writers of The Simpsons Movie and also wrote the screenplays for the film adaptions Alvin and the Chipmunks, its "squeakquel" and The Angry Birds Movie.Vitti is a graduate of Harvard University, where he wrote for, and was president with Mike Reiss of, the Harvard Lampoon. He was also very close with Conan O'Brien while at Harvard. Prior to joining The Simpsons, he had a brief stint at Saturday Night Live, describing his experience on a DVD commentary as "a very unhappy year." After leaving the Simpsons writing staff in its fourth season, Vitti wrote for the HBO series The Larry Sanders Show. Beginning in its seventh season, he was also a writer for The Office.
<Ahmed_Boulane>	Ahmed Boulane (born 1 January 1956 in Salé, Morocco) is a Moroccan film director, producer and screenplay writer. Known as l'enfant terrible du cinéma marocain for his antics with journalists and his fellow filmmakers, he is considered to be one of the most talented directors in Morocco.After a stint working in theater and radio as an actor in Morocco and then living in Italy, he returned to Morocco where he worked for 25 years in various positions in the film industry: actor, location manager, production manager, casting director and first assistant director. He was first assistant director in more than fifty international feature films for renowned directors, such as Giuliano Montaldo, Carlo Di Palma, Alan J. Pakula, Philippe de Broca, Jean Delannoy and John Landis, among others.
<Court_Vision>	Court Vision (foaled March 27, 2005 in Kentucky) is a retired racehorse who was a five-time Grade I winner including the Breeders' Cup Mile. Upon retirement to stud in 2012, he first stood in Ontario, then was moved to Kentucky for 2016 then Louisiana for 2017.He started racing on the dirt and showed promise as a two-year-old by winning the Iroquois and Remsen Stakes. As a three-year-old, he was entered in the Kentucky Derby but finished thirteenth. He was subsequently switched to racing on the turf, on which he won at least one Grade I race each year from age three to six. His win in the Breeders' Cup Mile in 2011 was his third try in the event.Court Vision is a dark bay racehorse bred by William S. Farish of Lane's End Farm and Kilroy Thoroughbred Partnership. He is by champion sprinter Gulch out of the Storm Bird mare Weekend Storm. Weekend Storm was a full sister to 1990 Preakness Stakes winner Summer Squall and a half-sister to 1992 Horse of the Year A.P. Indy. All three horses were produced by 1992 Kentucky Broodmare of the Year Weekend Surprise, a stakes winning daughter of Secretariat. Like A.P. Indy, Court Vision was a ridgling, meaning he had one undescended testicle.
<Droopy>	Droopy is an animated character from the golden age of American animation. He is an anthropomorphic white Basset Hound with a droopy face; hence his name. He was created in 1943 by Tex Avery for theatrical cartoon shorts produced by the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer cartoon studio. Essentially the polar opposite of Avery's other MGM character, the loud and wacky Screwy Squirrel, Droopy moves slowly and lethargically, speaks in a jowly monotone voice, and—though hardly an imposing character—is shrewd enough to outwit his enemies. When finally roused to anger, often by a bad guy laughing heartily at him, Droopy is capable of beating adversaries many times his size with a comical thrashing.The character first appeared, nameless, in Avery's 1943 cartoon Dumb-Hounded. Though he was not called "Droopy" onscreen until his fifth cartoon, Señor Droopy (1949), the character was already named "Droopy" in model sheets for his first cartoon. He was officially first labeled "Happy Hound", a name used in the character's appearances in Our Gang Comics. He starred in 24 theatrical cartoons, ending in 1958 as a result of MGM closing its cartoon department. The character has been revived several times for new productions including films and television shows also featuring MGM's other famous cartoon stars, Tom and Jerry, either as their ally or enemy. He's also known to be the guider of Cartoon Network back when it first launched at October 1, 1992.
<Nuke_(software)>	Nuke is a node-based digital compositing and visual effects application first developed by Digital Domain, and used for television and film post-production. Nuke is available for Microsoft Windows 7, OS X 10.9, Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5, and newer versions of these operating systems. Foundry has further developed the software since Nuke was sold in 2007.Nuke's users include Digital Domain, Walt Disney Animation Studios, Blizzard Entertainment, DreamWorks Animation, Illumination Mac Guff, Sony Pictures Imageworks, Sony Pictures Animation, Framestore, Weta Digital, Double Negative, and Industrial Light & Magic.Nuke (the name deriving from 'New compositor') was originally developed by software engineer Phil Beffrey and later Bill Spitzak for in-house use at Digital Domain beginning in 1993. In addition to standard compositing, Nuke was used to render higher-resolution versions of composites from Autodesk Flame.
<Svante_Arrhenius>	Svante August Arrhenius (/əˈriːniəs, əˈreɪniəs/ ə-REE-nee-əs, -⁠RAY-, Swedish: [ˈsvânːtɛ aˈrěːnɪɵs]; 19 February 1859 – 2 October 1927) was a Swedish scientist. Originally a physicist, but often referred to as a chemist, Arrhenius was one of the founders of the science of physical chemistry. He received the Nobel Prize for Chemistry in 1903, becoming the first Swedish Nobel laureate. In 1905, he became director of the Nobel Institute, where he remained until his death.Arrhenius was the first to use principles of physical chemistry to estimate the extent to which increases in atmospheric carbon dioxide are responsible for the Earth's increasing surface temperature. His work played an important role in the emergence of modern climate science. In the 1960s, Charles David Keeling demonstrated that the quantity of human-caused carbon dioxide emissions into the air is enough to cause global warming.
<Milan_Kundera>	Milan Kundera (UK: /ˈkʊndərə, ˈkʌn-/, Czech: [ˈmɪlan ˈkundɛra] (listen); born 1 April 1929) is a Czech writer who went into exile in France in 1975, becoming a naturalised French citizen in 1981. Kundera's Czechoslovak citizenship was revoked in 1979, then conferred again in 2019. He "sees himself as a French writer and insists his work should be studied as French literature and classified as such in book stores".Kundera's best-known work is The Unbearable Lightness of Being. Prior to the Velvet Revolution of 1989, the communist régime in Czechoslovakia banned his books. He leads a low-profile life and rarely speaks to the media. He was thought to be a contender for the Nobel Prize in Literature, and was also a nominee for other awards.
<Chilevisión>	Chilevisión (often abbreviated as CHV) is a Chilean free-to-air television channel. It is the third oldest Chilean television network, owned by Paramount Networks Americas, being founded by the University of Chile on November 4, 1960.When the Institute for Electrical Research and Testing of the Faculty of Physical and Mathematical Sciences of the University of Chile informed the rector Juan Gómez Millas, in 1959, that the experiments were already sufficiently advanced to attempt the permanent operation of a canal, this instructs the Secretary-General, Álvaro Bunster, to establish the corresponding contact with the engineers and to provide the necessary elements for its start-up. Thus, from the very beginning, Channel 9 is assumed as an institutional project of the rectory.Within the University Council, diverse positions were expressed. The deans of the more traditional faculties viewed the initiative with reluctance. They rejected the idea that "the university continues to embark on projects that, in a way, mean becoming a Corfo-Cultural", according to Álvaro Bunster. But some shared cultural extension principles and discovered a powerful tool for it in the new environment. Among these stood out the Dean of the Faculty of Philosophy and Education, Eugenio González, who started a real battle for university television. In its approach, university television is synonymous with cultural television. This position prevailed, and Bunster - the rector's trusted official - was in charge of shaping it.
<Nickelodeon_(Southeast_Asia)>	Nickelodeon is a pan-Asian pay television channel operated by Paramount Global, based in Singapore and broadcast to audiences in Southeast Asia and certain regions in Oceania like Polynesia and Papua New Guinea. The channel was launched on 16 July 1996 and mainly broadcasts original series from Nickelodeon's namesake television channel in the United States. The programs are broadcast in English.The channel was launched on Showtime Arabia in the Middle East on 16 July 1996 as a 24-hour English-language TV channel. Then, the network expanded into the Far East via pan-regional feed broadcast from Singapore on 5 November 1996. In October 1998, Nickelodeon decided to reach the popular channel to the Philippines, Japan and Russia & The CIS as an attempt to bring the popular channel to Asia. One of their shorts were Right Here, Right Now (based on the 1993 Nick USA shorts) and their ID's were by FRONT. In 2003, it became a part of Nicksplat (Nickelodeon's headquarters in Asia).
<Ginger_Gilmour>	Ginger Gilmour (born Virginia Hasenbein; January 19, 1949) is an American artist, sculptor, and author. Between 1975 and 1990, she was married to Pink Floyd guitarist David Gilmour. Since their divorce, she has lived in England.From 1962 to 1966, Hasenbein studied at Wayne Memorial High School in Wayne, Michigan, and graduated cum laude. She then undertook a two-year foundation course in chemical engineering and art at Michigan State University.
<Candice_Yu>	Candice Yu (Yu On On; born Yu De Ying; 22 October 1959) is a Hong Kong film actress and occasional singer best known for her films with Shaw Brothers Studio of the 1970s and 1980s. She was the first wife of Hong Kong actor Chow Yun-fat.Yu made her debut in film at the age of 16 in "Let's Rock" and was instantly signed by the Shaw Brothers Studio in 1976 after starring in the film Massage Girls with Chow Yun-fat, her future husband and in Forever and Ever alongside Alan Tang. Between 1977 and 1979, she starred in six of Chu Yuan's sword films, including Death Duel, The Sentimental Swordsman, Legend of the Bat, Murder Plot and two Heaven Sword and Dragon Sabre films.In the late 1970s, Yu also began appearing on television, notably the Rediffusion TV series Reincarnated and her appearances as Princess Xiang Xiang in the martial arts series Book and Sword (書劍恩仇錄). In 1984 she portrayed a lesbian in the film Lust For Love of a Chinese Courtesan.
<Walter_Gropius>	Walter Adolph Georg Gropius (18 May 1883 – 5 July 1969) was a German-American  architect and founder of the Bauhaus School, who, along with Alvar Aalto, Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, Le Corbusier and Frank Lloyd Wright, is widely regarded as one of the pioneering masters of modernist architecture. He is a founder of Bauhaus in Weimar (1919).  Gropius was also a leading architect of the International Style.Born in Berlin, Walter Gropius was the third child of Walter Adolph Gropius and Manon Auguste Pauline Scharnweber (1855–1933), daughter of the Prussian politician Georg Scharnweber (1816–1894). Walter's great-uncle Martin Gropius (1824–1880) was the architect of the Kunstgewerbemuseum in Berlin and a follower of Karl Friedrich Schinkel, with whom Walter's great-grandfather Carl Gropius, who fought under Field Marshal Gebhard Leberecht von Blücher at the Battle of Waterloo, had shared a flat as a bachelor.
<Hapoel_Kfar_Saba_F.C.>	Hapoel Kfar Saba F.C. (Hebrew: מועדון כדורגל הפועל כפר סבא, Moadon Kaduregel Hapoel Kfar Saba) is an Israeli football club based in Kfar Saba. The club competes in the Liga Leumit and plays home matches at Levita Stadium.The club was established in 1928. In 1951–52 they won the South Division of Liga Bet to win promotion to Liga Alef (then the top division). Three years later they finished third from bottom and had to take part in promotion/relegation play-offs with the two top clubs from the second tier. They were unbeatnd during the play-offs and retained their place in Liga Leumit (which had replaced Liga Alef as the top division). However, in 1955–56, they finished bottom and were relegated.Hapoel made an immediate return to Liga Leumit. They finished bottom in 1957–58, but avoided the drop as no clubs were relegated. However, they finished bottom again the following season and were relegated. The club returned to Liga Leumit in 1968. In 1975, they reached the State Cup final for the first time, beating Beitar Jerusalem 1-0. After several mid-table finishes, they were relegated at the end of the 1976–77 season. They made an immediate return to the top division, finishing third in Liga Artzit (the new second tier). In 1980, they reached the State Cup final again, beating Maccabi Ramat Amidar 4–1.
<Impressions_of_Mary_Lou>	Impressions of Mary Lou is an album by pianist John Hicks which was recorded in 1998 and released on the HighNote label. The album features eight compositions by Mary Lou Williams along with five by Hicks.AllMusic reviewed the album stating "What is so compelling about Hicks' salute to Williams is that he ignores her best known secular works; he sticks mostly to excerpts from her religious compositions, which, of course, still swing mightily... Recommended". JazzTimes said "Hicks does a good job getting inside the tunes and developing them in his own way... Admirers of Hicks and Williams should enjoy this well-executed homage".All compositions by Mary Lou Williams except as indicated
<Cheryl_Yang>	Cheryl Yang (Chinese: 楊謹華; pinyin: Yáng Jǐnhuá; born 12 December 1977) is a Taiwanese actress. She joined the entertainment scene at the age of 14 when she filmed her first commercial. Not long after she started her career, she filmed a music video together with Andy Lau, which garnered her attention in the industry. She rose to prominence when she filmed the Taiwanese drama My Queen in 2009 with actor Ethan Juan.
<David_Foster_Wallace>	David Foster Wallace (February 21, 1962 – September 12, 2008) was an American novelist, short story writer, essayist, and university professor of English and creative writing. Wallace is widely known for his 1996 novel Infinite Jest, which Time magazine cited as one of the 100 best English-language novels from 1923 to 2005. His posthumous novel, The Pale King (2011), was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 2012.  The Los Angeles Times's David Ulin called Wallace "one of the most influential and innovative writers of the last twenty years".Wallace grew up in Illinois and attended Amherst College. He taught English at Emerson College, Illinois State University, and Pomona College. In 2008, he died by suicide at age 46 after struggling with depression for many years.
<National_Wrestling_Federation>	The original National Wrestling Federation (NWF) was a professional wrestling promotion based in Buffalo, New York and owned by promoter Pedro Martínez. It ran from 1970 to 1974. The promotion was then revived in 1986 by Robert Raskin. The revived promotion closed in 1994.Pedro Martínez (no relation to the baseball player) owned the original National Wrestling Federation, which operated from 1970 to 1974. The NWF Heavyweight Championship and NWF North American Heavyweight Championship were later used by New Japan Pro-Wrestling as its main titles until 1981.During the original version of the NWF, popular performers included Johnny Powers, Ernie Ladd, Waldo Von Erich, Chief White Owl, Hans Schmidt, the Mighty Igor, Luis Martinez, Ron Sanders, Dusty Rhodes, Tony Parisi, Tony Marino, the Stomper, Ben Justice, the Love Brothers, Dick the Bruiser, Black Jack Lanza, Dr. Moto, Mitsu Arakawa, and Bulldog Brower. Championship Wrestling aired on Channel 43 in Cleveland on Saturday nights. Briefly a second show, All-Star Wrestling, aired on Sunday Mornings. That show was filmed in the studios of WUAB-TV in Parma, Ohio. The television hosts were Johnny Powers, Jack Reynolds, and Ron Martinez (son of Pedro Martinez). The film from each show was erased and reused to save money, hence few of the shows are available now on video or YouTube.
<Alex_Comfort>	Alexander Comfort (10 February 1920 – 26 March 2000) was a British scientist and physician known best for his nonfiction sex manual, The Joy of Sex (1972). He was an author of both fiction and nonfiction, as well as a gerontologist, anarchist, pacifist, and conscientious objector.Comfort was educated at Highgate School in London. While he was a student there he tried to develop an improved compound of gunpowder. During his experiments he inadvertently blew up his left hand, of which only the thumb remained. Later he claimed that his left hand proved "very useful for performing uterine inversions".
<Jorma_Taccone>	Jorma Christopher Taccone (/ˈjɔːrmə təˈkoʊni/; born March 19, 1977) is an American comedian, director, actor, and writer. He is one-third of the sketch comedy troupe The Lonely Island, with childhood friends Andy Samberg and Akiva Schaffer. In 2010 he co-wrote and directed the SNL spinoff film MacGruber, which was his directorial debut. He directed his second feature alongside Schaffer, the musical comedy Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping, which he also co-wrote and co-starred in with Schaffer and Samberg.Taccone was born in Berkeley, California, the son of Suellen Ehnebuske and Tony Taccone, the artistic director of the Berkeley Repertory Theatre. His father is of half Italian and half Puerto Rican descent. He attended University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) and graduated with a BA in Theater in 2000. His brother, Asa, is a member of the band Electric Guest. He is named after his father's friend, Jorma Kaukonen, Jefferson Airplane's famed guitarist.
<Adolphe_Menjou>	Adolphe Jean Menjou (February 18, 1890 – October 29, 1963) was an American actor. His career spanned both silent films and talkies. He appeared in such films as Charlie Chaplin's A Woman of Paris, where he played the lead role; Stanley Kubrick's Paths of Glory with Kirk Douglas; Ernst Lubitsch's The Marriage Circle;  The Sheik with Rudolph Valentino; Morocco with Marlene Dietrich and Gary Cooper; and A Star Is Born with Janet Gaynor and Fredric March, and was nominated for an Academy Award for The Front Page in 1931.Adolphe Jean Menjou was born on February 18, 1890, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, to a French father, Albert Menjou (1858–1917), and a mother from Ireland, Nora (née Joyce, 1869–1953). His brother, Henry Arthur Menjou (1891–1956), was a year younger. He was raised Catholic, attended the Culver Military Academy, and graduated from Cornell University with a degree in engineering. Attracted to the vaudeville stage, he made his movie debut in 1916 in The Blue Envelope Mystery. During World War I, he served as a captain in the United States Army Ambulance Service, for which he trained in Pennsylvania before going overseas.
<Pat_Paterson>	Pat Paterson (born Eliza Paterson; 10 April 1910 – 24 August 1978) was an English film actress. Although she made more than 20 films, she is best known as the wife of actor Charles Boyer.Paterson was born on 10 April 1910 at No.74 Fitzgerald Street, Horton, a suburb of Bradford, West Riding of Yorkshire. Her mother, Hannah Holroyd (b. 4 February 1888, Bradford) was English, her father, John Robb Paterson (b. 1888, Kirkcaldy, Fife, Scotland) was a Scot. Eliza was the second of three children.
<Busicom>	Busicom Co., Ltd. (ビジコン株式会社, Bijikon Kabushiki-gaisha) was a Japanese company that manufactured and sold computer-related products headquartered in Taito, Tokyo. It owned the rights to Intel's first microprocessor, the Intel 4004, which they created in partnership with Intel in 1970.Busicom asked Intel to design a set of integrated circuits for a new line of programmable electronic calculators in 1969. In doing this, they spurred the invention of Intel's first microprocessor to be commercialized, the Intel 4004.  Busicom owned the exclusive rights to the design and its components in 1970 but shared them with Intel in 1971.Two other companies have done business as "Busicom" over the years: the Nippon Calculating Machine Corp, Ltd and subsequently Broughtons & Co. (Bristol) Ltd of the UK.
<A_Winsome_Widow>	A Winsome Widow is a 1912 musical produced by Florenz Ziegfeld, Jr., which was a revised version of Charles Hale Hoyt's 1891 hit, A Trip to Chinatown, with a score by Raymond Hubbell.The show debuted at the Moulin Rouge on April 11, 1912, and ran into September, with a total of 172 performances.  (A pre-opening performance was presented at Parson's Theatre in Hartford, Connecticut on April 8, 1912.)One of its featured songs was "Be My Little Baby Bumble Bee" by Stanley Murphy and Henry I. Marshall.   The musical was a big hit, and featured a finale with real ice skating.
<Ghalib>	Mirza Beg Asadullah Khan (Urdu, Persian: مرزا بیگ اسد اللہ خان; 27 December 1797 – 15 February 1869) also known as Mirza Ghalib (Urdu, Persian: مرزا غالب) was an Urdu and Persian poet of the 19th century Mughal and British era in the Indian Subcontinent.He was popularly known by the pen names Ghalib (غالب) and Asad (اسد). His honorific was Dabir-ul-Mulk, Najm-ud-Daula. He is one of the most popular poets in Pakistan and quite well known amongst Urdu-speaking people in India. During his lifetime, the already declining Mughal Empire was eclipsed and displaced by the British East India Company Rule and finally deposed following the defeat of the Indian Rebellion of 1857; these are described through his work.
<Miquel_Soler>	Miquel Soler Sarasols (born 16 March 1965) is a Spanish retired footballer, and a manager.Mainly a left back who could also operate in midfield, his career spanned two La Liga decades (with nearly 700 competitive matches), and he was the only player to represent both Barcelona and Madrid main teams.
<Zachary_Wong>	Zachary Wong Wai-yin (Chinese: 黃偉賢; born 22 December 1957, Hong Kong) is a former Yuen Long District Councillor (representing Nam Ping) for the Meeting Point and later Democratic Party and a former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong.He joined the Association for the Rights of the Elderly, founded by Yeung Sum and Frederick Fung, in 1982. He was elected chairman of the association in 1991. In 1988, he joined Meeting Point and became a member of its Central Committee in 1991. He was also part of the Joint Committee on the Promotion of Democratic Government. He organised most of the rallies, petitions and 50-hour fasting strike at the Star Ferry Pier in 1989 for a faster pace of democracy.He was first elected to the Yuen Long District Board in 1988 and replaced Tai Chin-wah as a LegCo member in a by-election in 1991. He stood in the Legislative Council elections in 1998 and again in 2012 but did not get elected.
<Caillou_(book_series)>	Caillou (French pronunciation: ​[kaju]), stylized as caillou, is a Canadian series of children's books.  Beginning with a 1989 book written by Christine L'Heureux, the books also include materials created by illustrator and writer Hélène Desputeaux. The authorship of and revenues from the book series have been the subject of several disputes regarding the respective legal and financial rights of Desputeaux, L'Hereux, and the publisher Les Éditions Chouette.In 2013, Canada Post announced plans to issue a commemorative postage stamp featuring the character, but the stamp was not issued.As of 2015, more than 15 million copies of books in the series had been sold worldwide since the inception of the series in 1989.
<Charles_T._Canady>	Charles Terrance Canady (born June 22, 1954) is an American attorney and judge serving on the Supreme Court of Florida since 2008. He previously served two two-year terms as Chief Justice, from 2010 to 2012 and from 2020 to 2022.Prior to his appointment to the Supreme Court, Canady was a judge on Florida's Second District Court of Appeal from 2002 to 2008, and a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from 1993 to 2001.
<Swadhin_Bangla_Betar_Kendra>	Swadhin Bangla Betar Kendra (Bengali: স্বাধীন বাংলা বেতার কেন্দ্র, lit. 'Free Bengal Radio Centre') was the radio broadcasting centre of Bengali nationalist forces during the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971. This station played an important role in the liberation struggle, broadcasting the Declaration of Independence and increasing the morale of Bangladeshis during the war. In 1971, radio was the only media reaching to the far ends of Bangladesh. The station ran a propaganda campaign throughout the war. Mr Sufi barkat-e-khoda was one of the personalities of the show.The end of British rule in India in August 1947, accompanied by the Partition of India, gave birth to a new country named Pakistan which constituted Muslim-majority areas in the far east and far west of the Indian subcontinent. The Western zone was popularly (and for a period of time, also officially) termed West Pakistan and the Eastern zone (modern-day Bangladesh) was initially termed East Bengal and later, East Pakistan. The two zones were separated by over thousand miles of Indian territory in the middle, and had vastly different culture. It was widely perceived that the west zone dominated the country, leading to the effective marginalization of the east zone. Growing disenchantment among the people of East Pakistan finally led to civil disobedience followed by Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971.During the period of Liberation War of Bangladesh, media supported mass sentiments. They aired patriotic songs and talk shows. In the process of achieving our independence by trouncing the atrocities of the Pakistani military forces, the war-time broadcasting station "Shadheen Bangla Betar Kendra" played a vital role- in increasing the mental state of the whole Bangali nation by informing us how well we are advancing towards the victory. Shadheen Bangla Betar Kendra reached its pinnacle during the liberation war being acclaimed as the stool pigeon of war news updates through 'Chorom Potro'. In those days when radio was the only media reaching to the far ends of Bangladesh, Swadhin Bangla Betar Kendra eventually turned as the orator of the Bangladesh government in exile. It ran the nationalist campaign throughout the war in gearing up our freedom fighters moral and also mobilizing world opinion in favor of Bangladesh.
<Nick_Stuart>	Nick Stuart (April 10, 1904 – April 7, 1973) was an Austro-Hungarian-born American actor and bandleader. His career spanned five decades, during which he appeared in over 50 films, more than half of them features, as well as film shorts, serials, and even one television appearance. He rose to stardom in such films as Girls Gone Wild and Chasing Through Europe, prior to expanding his business interests by creating a talent agency, and a popular upscale club in Hollywood.After being introduced to music by Guy Lombardo, he established his own band, "The Man with the Band from Movieland", which played for over twenty years. When he dissolved the band in 1961, he opened a haberdashery in Biloxi, Mississippi. He met his first wife, Sue Carol, while working on a film, and the two had a daughter, actress Carol Lee Ladd. While his first marriage was short-lived, his second marriage to Martha Burnett lasted over thirty years, until his death from cancer in 1973.
<Cassa_di_Risparmio_di_Fano>	Cassa di Risparmio di Fano S.p.A. (Carifano) was an Italian saving bank based in Fano, Marche. The bank had 40 branches all in Marche and Umbria.Cassa di Risparmio di Fano was founded on 14 January 1843 in Fano, the Papal States. Due to Legge Amato, on 28 May 1992, a Società per Azioni (limited company) and a banking foundation (Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Fano) were found. In the late 1990s, Banca Popolare di Ancona (BPA) acquired 60% shares of the company, with the foundation and other shareholders retained the remaining stake. In 1996 BPA owned 59.76% shares, its parent company Banca Popolare di Bergamo – Credito Varesino owned 0.29%. It was increased to 66.14% (plus 0.25%) in 1999. In 2002 the remain 33.38% was sold by the foundation for €75 million to BPA. That year BPA owned 99.771% shares, as BP Bergamo transferred their 0.25036% shares to BPA. In 2003 it became part of Banche Popolari Unite.On 27 July 2005 BPA sold 99.92% shares of Carifano to Banca Intesa (through sub-holding Casse del Centro for buying 30%) and FCM S.p.A. (a special purpose entity for buying 69.92%) for €280 million.
<Linda_Larkin>	Linda  Larkin (born March 20, 1970) is an American actress, best known for her role as the speaking voice of Princess Jasmine in Disney's 1992 animated feature film Aladdin.Larkin began her career in 1990, with the film Zapped Again! as Joanne.She became the voice of Princess Jasmine in the 1992 Disney film Aladdin. In order for her to voice Princess Jasmine, Disney required her to lower her voice as it was otherwise too high for the role.
<Harry_Foll>	Hattil Spencer "Harry" Foll (30 May 1890 – 7 July 1977) was an Australian politician who served as a Senator for Queensland from 1917 to 1947. He took office at the age of 27, and at the time was the youngest person to serve in the Senate. Foll began his career in the Nationalist Party, later joining the United Australia Party (UAP) in 1931 and Liberal Party in 1945. He held ministerial office as Minister for Repatriation (1937–1938), Minister for Health (1938–1939), Minister for the Interior (1939–1941), and Minister for Information (1940–1941). He was a member of the War Cabinet during World War II.Foll was born in West Brixton, London, England, the second child of Kate (née Lamb) and John Hattil Foll. He disliked his given name (taken from an obscure Old Testament figure), and was always known as "Harry". Foll grew up in Clapham, attending Holy Trinity and Clapham College. He immigrated to Australia in 1909, and subsequently worked on a station near Longreach in western Queensland. A year later moved to Beenleigh, to work as a bookkeeper, and in 1911 he became a clerk in the Queensland Government Railways. In August 1914, Foll enlisted in the first Australian Imperial Force and landed on the first day of the Gallipoli campaign.  He was wounded in the head and leg on 19 May and was discharged medically unfit in February 1916.  He married Evelyn Bush Mousley in December 1915 and they had a son (who died in infancy) and four daughters.  He worked briefly as secretary to the state Minister for Railways.
<Jean-Marie_Tarascon>	Jean-Marie Tarascon FRSC (born September 21, 1953) is Professor of Chemistry at the Collège de France in Paris and Director of the French Research Network on Electrochemical Energy Storage (RS2E).Tarascon was educated at the University of Bordeaux, where he was awarded a Diplôme d'études universitaires générales in physics and chemistry, a Master of Science degree in chemical engineering, and a PhD in solid-state chemistry in 1981.Following his PhD, Tarascon did postdoctoral research at Cornell University. He worked at Bell Labs and Bellcore from 1982 to 1994, then moved to the University of Picardie Jules Verne in 1994. He has been at the College de France since 2010. He is also credited with laying foundations of the reputable Erasmus mundus masters course in energy storage and conversion "Materials for energy storage and conversion" hosted by UPJV, Amiens in association with seven universities across the globe and several energy research networks.
<Kushner_Companies>	Kushner Companies LLC is an American real estate developer in the New York City metropolitan area. The company's biggest presence is in the New Jersey residential market.A study published in December 2017 by Bloomberg News indicated that Kushner Companies owns a stake in over 60 buildings in New York City. Major holdings in the city include the Puck Building and the retail space at 229 West 43rd Street, as well as 666 Fifth Avenue until its 2018 sale. The company's headquarters were relocated to the GM Building Manhattan in 2020.
<University_of_Hawaii>	The University of Hawaiʻi System, formally the University of Hawaiʻi and popularly known as UH, is a public college and university system that confers associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees through three universities, seven community colleges, an employment training center, three university centers, four education centers and various other research facilities distributed across six islands throughout the state of Hawaii in the United States. All schools of the University of Hawaiʻi system are accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges. The UH system's main administrative offices are located on the property of the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa in Honolulu CDP.The present-day University of Hawai'i System was created in 1965 which combined the State of Hawai'i's technical and community colleges under one system within the former University of Hawai'i.The University of Hawai'i was created by the Territory of Hawai'i in 1907 as a land-grant college of agriculture and mechanical arts and held its first classes in 1907. In 1912 it moved to its present location in Mānoa Valley and being renamed College of Hawaii. In 1919 the College of Hawai'i obtained university status by the Hawai'i Territorial Legislature and was renamed the University of Hawai'i.
<Blue_Bloods_(TV_series)>	Blue Bloods is an American police procedural drama television series that has been airing on CBS since September 2010. Its main characters are members of the fictional Reagan family, an Irish-American Catholic family in New York City with a history of work in law enforcement. Blue Bloods stars Tom Selleck as New York City Police Commissioner Frank Reagan; other main cast members include Donnie Wahlberg, Bridget Moynahan, Will Estes and Len Cariou for all twelve seasons, plus Amy Carlson (seasons 1–7), and Sami Gayle (seasons 1–11; played by Marlene Lawston in the pilot episode).The show is filmed on location in New York City with references to suburban areas as well. The series debuted on September 24, 2010, with episodes airing on Fridays following CSI: NY before being moved to Wednesdays at 10:00 p.m. Eastern and Pacific time and 9:00 p.m. Central and Mountain time for a four-week tryout. After four weeks, it returned to its original Friday 10:00 p.m. Eastern time slot, where it has remained since. In May 2020, CBS renewed the series for an eleventh season, which premiered on December 4, 2020. In April 2021, CBS renewed the series for a twelfth season, which premiered on October 1, 2021. In April 2022, CBS renewed the series for a thirteenth season, which premiered on October 7, 2022.The series follows the Reagans, a family who has a history of work in law enforcement. Frank Reagan is the Police Commissioner. Frank's eldest son, Danny, is an NYPD detective, his youngest son, Jamie, is an NYPD sergeant, and his daughter, Erin, works as an assistant district attorney. Frank's second son, Joe (though the series mistakenly refers to him as the eldest in more recent episodes), was murdered by a crooked cop in the line of duty in events that predate the series, when he was involved with an FBI investigation of a group of corrupt NYPD cops known as the Blue Templar. Frank's father, Henry, is a former NYPD beat cop who rose through the ranks to become Police Commissioner.
<Stig_of_the_Dump>	Stig of the Dump is a children's novel by Clive King which was first published in the United Kingdom in 1963. It is regarded as a modern children's classic and is often read in schools. It was illustrated by Edward Ardizzone and has been twice adapted for television, in 1981 and in 2002. It was featured in a broadcast as an adaptation on BBC Home Service for schools in November 1964, and later on the BBC series Blue Peter.Barney is a bored young boy staying with his grandparents on the chalk Downs of southern England.  One day, he falls over the edge of an old chalk pit close to his grandparents' house, tumbling through the roof of a den. While exploring the den, Barney encounters its owner, Stig, a caveman with shaggy, black hair and bright black eyes. The chalk pit is disused and full of people's dumped rubbish.
<Gerald_M._Rubin>	Gerald Mayer Rubin (born 1950) is an American biologist, notable for pioneering the use of transposable P elements in genetics, and for leading the public project to sequence the Drosophila melanogaster genome.  Related to his genomics work, Rubin's lab is notable for development of genetic and genomics tools and studies of signal transduction and gene regulation.  Rubin also serves as a vice president of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute and executive director of the Janelia Research Campus.Rubin was born in Boston, Massachusetts, in 1950, attending the Boston Latin School. Rubin completed his undergraduate degree in biology at MIT, working at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory during the summer. He completed his Ph.D. at the University of Cambridge, working at the Laboratory of Molecular Biology in 1974, for studies on 5.8S ribosomal RNA supervised by Sydney Brenner.Following his PhD, Rubin did postdoctoral research at Stanford University with David Hogness.
<Matthew_Dowd>	Matthew John Dowd (born May 29, 1961) is an American political pundit and consultant. He was the chief strategist for the Bush–Cheney 2004 presidential campaign and was an ABC News political analyst. On September 29, 2021, he announced a run for lieutenant governor of Texas as a Democrat against the incumbent, Dan Patrick. On December 7, 2021, Dowd announced the end of his campaign.Dowd was born in Detroit, Michigan, to an Irish Catholic family. He grew up the third of 11 children; his father was an auto executive and his mother was an elementary school teacher before becoming a homemaker. His parents were Republicans. Dowd attended Cardinal Newman College in St. Louis, Missouri. Dowd attributes his early interest in politics to the Watergate Committee hearings during the summer of 1973 when he was 12 years old.Dowd volunteered for the campaign of Rep William Broomfield R-MI and, while attending college in St. Louis, Missouri, for the campaign of Governor Joseph P. Teasdale D-Mo. He also worked on the staff of Rep. Dick Gephardt, D-Mo. He began his political career as a Democrat, as a member of Senator Lloyd Bentsen's, D-Tex., Senate and campaign staffs. He also worked for, among others, Texas Lt. Governor Bob Bullock. In 1999, he switched parties to become a Republican.
<Frank_Zappa>	Frank Vincent Zappa (December 21, 1940 – December 4, 1993) was an American musician, composer, and bandleader. His work is characterized by nonconformity, free-form improvisation, sound experiments, musical virtuosity and satire of American culture. In a career spanning more than 30 years, Zappa composed rock, pop, jazz, jazz fusion, orchestral  and musique concrète works, and produced almost all of the 60-plus albums that he released with his band the Mothers of Invention and as a solo artist. Zappa also directed feature-length films and music videos, and designed album covers. He is considered one of the most innovative and stylistically diverse musicians of his generation.As a self-taught composer and performer, Zappa had diverse musical influences that led him to create music that was sometimes difficult to categorize. While in his teens, he acquired a taste for 20th-century classical modernism, African-American rhythm and blues, and doo-wop music. He began writing classical music in high school, while at the same time playing drums in rhythm-and-blues bands, later switching to electric guitar. His 1966 debut album with the Mothers of Invention, Freak Out!, combined songs in conventional rock and roll format with collective improvisations and studio-generated sound collages. He continued this eclectic and experimental approach whether the fundamental format was rock, jazz, or classical.
<Eva_Henning>	Eva Henning (born Eva Wetlesen; 10 May 1920 – 18 April 2016) was a Swedish stage and movie actress.Born in Newark, New York, US, Henning was trained at the Royal Dramatic Theatre's acting school (1938–40) in Sweden and made her film debut the same year in Ragnar Arvedson's Gentleman att hyra. The big breakthrough came in Åke Ohberg's Elvira Madigan (1943). She is most famous for her leading roles in many of husband Hasse Ekman's films in the 1940s and 50s.
<Ian_Carroll>	Ian Robert Carroll (17 November 1946 – 19 August 2011) was a television executive, primarily at the Australia Broadcasting Corporation (ABC).  At the ABC, Carroll established many news and current affairs programs including Lateline and the 7.30 Report, and developed many others.  He was chief executive of ABC International's Australia Network, director of innovation from the time the division was set up in 2007, and established two channels for ABC Digital Television.  He developed iView and apps for mobile devices, as well as overhauling the ABC's websites.He also worked at The Age and the Nine Network.
<Station_Road,_Swinton>	Station Road was a stadium in Pendlebury, near Manchester, England. It was the home of Swinton Rugby League Club between 1929 and 1992 and was widely recognised as one of the finest grounds in the Rugby League.Swinton moved to Station Road when they were at their peak, having won all four major trophies ("All Four Cups") the previous season, one of only three clubs (the others being Hunslet and Huddersfield) ever to do so. The decision to purchase the land, which stood alongside the railway line and Swinton railway station, was made after a breakdown in negotiations with their existing landlord at their Chorley Road ground, their home since 1887.
<Lalla_Ward>	Sarah Jill "Lalla" Ward (born 28 June 1951) is an English actress, voice artist and author. She is best known for playing the role of Romana II in the BBC television series Doctor Who from 1979 to 1981.Ward's stage name, "Lalla", originates from her attempts as a toddler to pronounce her own name.  She left school at age 14 because she "loathed every single minute of it", and took her O-levels on her own. Ward studied at the Central School of Speech and Drama from 1968 to 1971. After spending a few years painting, she auditioned at London drama schools "as a sort of dare" to herself: 
<Vasyl_Krychevsky>	Vasyl Hryhorovych Krychevsky (Ukrainian: Василь Григорович Кричевський; January 12, 1873 in Vorozhba village, now Lebedyn Raion – November 15, 1952, in Caracas, Venezuela) was a Ukrainian painter, architect, art scholar, graphic artist, film art consultant, pedagogue and master of applied art and decorative art. He is the designer of the 1918 Ukrainian coat of arms, state seals, banknotes. He was the brother of Ukrainian painter Fedir Krychevsky.Vasyl Krychevsky was born in the village of Vorozhba, near Lebedyn, to a family of eight children where he was the eldest. His father Hryhoriy Yakymovych Krychevsky was a county state doctor of Jewish descent who converted to Orthodox Christianity and married a Ukrainian woman, Praskovia Hryhorivna.Krychevsky had little formal education, but a deep interest in Ukrainian folklore and art history.  During the First World War, he was one of the founders and rectors of the Ukrainian State Academy of Arts.  In the 1920s he taught at the Kiev Institute of Plastic Arts, the Kiev Architectural Institute. Among the students – Joseph Karakis, who studied from Krichevsky "Interior of residential and public buildings" as well as painting techniques. He then taught at the Odessa Art School and served in the architectural department of the Kiev State Art Institute until 1941.
<Pacific_Coast_League>	The Pacific Coast League (PCL) is a Minor League Baseball league that operates in the Western United States. Along with the International League, it is one of two leagues playing at the Triple-A level, which is one grade below Major League Baseball (MLB). The PCL was one of the premier regional baseball leagues in the first half of the 20th century. Although it was never recognized as a true major league, to which it aspired, its quality of play was considered very high. A number of top stars of the era, including Joe DiMaggio and Ted Williams, were products of the league. In 1958, with the arrival of major league teams on the west coast and the availability of televised major league games, the PCL's modern era began with each team signing Player Development Contracts to become farm teams of major league clubs. Following MLB's reorganization of the minor leagues in 2021, it operated as the Triple-A West for one season before switching back to its previous moniker in 2022.
<Daimler_AG>	The Mercedes-Benz Group AG (previously named Daimler-Benz, DaimlerChrysler and Daimler) is a German multinational automotive corporation headquartered in Stuttgart, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is one of the world's leading car manufacturers. Daimler-Benz was formed with the merger of Benz & Cie. and Daimler Motoren Gesellschaft in 1926. The company was renamed DaimlerChrysler upon acquiring the American automobile manufacturer Chrysler Corporation in 1998, and was again renamed Daimler AG upon divestment of Chrysler in 2007. In 2021, Daimler AG was the second-largest German automaker and the sixth-largest worldwide by production. In February 2022, Daimler was renamed Mercedes-Benz Group.The Mercedes-Benz Group's marques are Mercedes-Benz for cars and vans (including Mercedes-AMG and Mercedes-Maybach) and Smart. It has shares in other vehicle manufactures such as Daimler Truck, Denza, BAIC Motor and Aston Martin.
<Werner_Krauss>	Werner Johannes Krauss (Krauß in German; 23 June 1884 – 20 October 1959) was a German stage and film actor. Krauss dominated the German stage of the early 20th century. However, his participation in the antisemitic propaganda film Jud Süß and his collaboration with the Nazis made him a controversial figure.Krauss was born at the parsonage of Gestungshausen bei Sonnefeld in Upper Franconia, where his grandfather was a Protestant pastor. He spent his childhood in Breslau and from 1901 attended the teacher's college at Kreuzburg. After it became known that he worked as an extra at the Breslau Lobe-Theater, he was suspended from classes and decided to join a travelling theatre company.
<Marge_Champion>	Marjorie Celeste Champion (née  Belcher; September 2, 1919 – October 21, 2020) was an American dancer and actress. At fourteen, she was hired as a dance model for Walt Disney Studios animated films. Later, she performed as an actress and dancer in film musicals, and in 1957 had a television show based on song and dance. She also did creative choreography for liturgy, and served as a dialogue and movement coach for the 1978 TV miniseries, The Awakening Land, set in the late 18th century in the Ohio Valley.Champion was born in Los Angeles, California, on September 2, 1919. Her father, Ernest, was a Hollywood dance director who taught Shirley Temple, Betty Grable, Ramon Novarro, Cyd Charisse, Fay Wray and Joan Crawford, as well as Champion's future husband Gower Champion; her mother was Gladys Lee Baskette (née Rosenberg). Champion had an older half sister, Lina Basquette, who began acting in 1916 in silent films. Lina was the daughter of her mother's first husband, Frank Baskette, who had committed suicide. Champion and Basquette's maternal grandfather, Lazarus Rosenberg, was Jewish.
<Danielle_Lineker>	Danielle Maria Bux (born 15 June 1979) is a Welsh actress and model. She made her modelling début in 1999 winning a place on the Miss Hawaiian Tropic beauty pageant in Las Vegas. She was married to former England footballer Gary Lineker from 2009 until 2016.Bux was born in Cardiff to parents Kim and Roy. They divorced when she was young. She attended Cantonian High School in Fairwater, Cardiff.[citation needed]
<The_Simpsons>	The Simpsons is an American animated sitcom created by Matt Groening for the Fox Broadcasting Company. The series is a satirical depiction of American life, epitomized by the Simpson family, which consists of Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa, and Maggie. The show is set in the fictional town of Springfield and parodies American culture and society, television, and the human condition.The family was conceived by Groening shortly before a solicitation for a series of animated shorts with producer James L. Brooks. He created a dysfunctional family and named the characters after his own family members, substituting Bart for his own name; he thought Simpson was a funny name in that it sounded similar to "simpleton". The shorts became a part of The Tracey Ullman Show on April 19, 1987. After three seasons, the sketch was developed into a half-hour prime time show and became Fox's first series to land in the Top 30 ratings in a season (1989–1990).
<Carl_Ferdinand_Langhans>	Carl Ferdinand Langhans (14 January 1782 – 22 November 1869) was a Prussian architect whose specialty was designing theaters.Born in Breslau (Wrocław), Silesia, Langhans was the son of the architect Carl Gotthard Langhans.Langhans' designs included opera houses in Berlin and Leipzig, theaters in Breslau and Liegnitz, and the Berlin palace (Altes Palais) of Kaiser Wilhelm I. He is also remembered for his innovative pleorama entertainment.
<Redtribe>	Redtribe was an Australian video game developer that was co-founded in 2003 by game developer and entrepreneur Chris Mosely and Samantha Robson.  Chris Mosely was previously the CEO and founder of Blue Tongue Entertainment in 1995. RedTribe was the first Australian developer to release a game on the Xbox 360 & Wii in Australia & New Zealand.RedTribe won the Business3000 "Export Business of the Year" and the overall "Business of the Year" awards in 2007.
<Edward_B._Lewis>	Edward Butts Lewis (May 20, 1918 – July 21, 2004) was an American geneticist, a corecipient of the 1995 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. He helped to found the field of evolutionary developmental biology.Lewis was born in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, the second son of Laura Mary Lewis (née Histed) and Edward Butts Lewis, a watchmaker-jeweler. His full name was supposed to be Edward Butts Lewis Jr., but his birth certificate was incorrectly filled out with "B." as his middle name.
<The_Village_Headmaster>	The Village Headmaster (later renamed The New Village Headmaster) is a Nigerian television drama series created by Olusegun Olusola and produced by Dejumo Lewis.Originally a radio drama series, the programme was Nigeria’s longest-running television soap opera showed on the NTA from 1968 to 1988,and starred Ted Muroko as the original headmaster. The television series was developed by Nigerian Broadcasting Corporation, and is considered one of the early successes of television drama in the country.In 2021, a new revival of the show was announced, with Chris Iheuwa in the lead role of the headmaster. A number of actors from the earlier series are also returning.The Village Headmaster was set in the fictitious Yoruba village of Oja, with plot lines dealing with social problems and effect of government policies in Oja. The television series was produced after Nigeria gained independence, and was the first major television drama with an ensemble cast from different ethnic groups. Nigerian Pidgin was mixed with standard English and Yoruba as the Oja residents' language of choice, with most scenes occurring in the Oloja of Oja's palace, the headmaster's school, and Amebo's palm wine shack.
<Sanae_Takaichi>	Sanae Takaichi (高市 早苗, Takaichi Sanae, born 7 March 1961) is a Japanese politician who has served as the Minister of State for Economic Security since August 2022. A member of the Liberal Democratic Party, she has served in the House of Representatives since 2005, and had also served in several ministerial posts under Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. In 2021, she was a candidate in the Liberal Democratic Party leadership election, but was ultimately eliminated in a run-off, placing third.Takaichi has been described as having a "political reputation as a staunch conservative".Born and raised in the city of Nara, Takaichi graduated from Unebi Senior High School, Kobe University, and the Matsushita Institute of Government and Management. In 1987, she moved to the United States to work for Democratic U.S. Representative Patricia Schroeder as a Congressional Fellow. When she returned to Japan in 1989, she gained attention from the mass media as a legislative analyst with experience in the US Congress, and wrote books based on the experience. In 1992, she formed the Kansai Hi-Vision Consortium and presided as the first chairperson.
<Aston_Webb>	Sir Aston Webb GCVO CB RA FRIBA (22 May 1849 – 21 August 1930) was a British architect who designed the principal facade of Buckingham Palace and the main building of the Victoria and Albert Museum, among other major works around England, many of them in partnership with Ingress Bell. He was President of the Royal Academy from 1919 to 1924. He was also the founding Chairman of the London Society.The son of a watercolourist (and former pupil of the landscape artist David Cox), Edward Webb, Aston Webb was born in Clapham, South London, on 22 May 1849 and received his initial architectural training articled in the firm of Banks and Barry from 1866 to 1871, after which he spent a year travelling in Europe and Asia. He returned to London in 1874 to set up his own practice.
<Jane_Pauley>	Margaret Jane Pauley (born October 31, 1950) is an American television host, and author, active in news reporting since 1972. Pauley first became widely known as Barbara Walters's successor on the NBC morning show Today, beginning at the age of 25, where she was a co-anchor from 1976 to 1989, at first with Tom Brokaw, and later with Bryant Gumbel; for a short while in the late 1980s she and Gumbel worked with Deborah Norville. In 1989, with her job apparently threatened with Norville's addition to the program, she asked to be let out of her contract, and her request was granted. Her next regular anchor position was at the network's newsmagazine Dateline NBC from 1992 to 2003, where she teamed with Stone Phillips.In 2003, Pauley left NBC News and in 2004–05 hosted The Jane Pauley Show, a syndicated daytime talk show which was canceled after one season. In 2009, she began to appear on The Today Show as a contributor hosting a weekly segment sponsored by AARP called “Your Life Calling.”
<Jagged_Alliance_(series)>	Jagged Alliance is a series of turn-based tactics video games. The first games in the series were released for DOS. From Jagged Alliance 2 on, the games were developed using DirectX for native Windows operation. Jagged Alliance 2 was also released for Linux and is available on Steam and on GOG.com for Windows.The Jagged Alliance games center on strategically controlling mercenary squads, on and off the field, who complete various missions such as freeing countries from oppressive dictators. The games feature a mix of turn-based battle simulation, 4X (explore, expand, exploit, and exterminate) elements and role-playing.Humour via spoken character comments is a trademark of the series. The personalities of the individual mercenaries range from mildly eccentric to disturbed. This contrasts the games' setting which is otherwise closely linked to such subjects as war and death.
<Character_Analysis>	Character Analysis (German: Charakteranalyse) is a 1933 book by Wilhelm Reich.Reich finished the manuscript in January 1933. He submitted it to the Psychoanalytic Press in Vienna, presided over by Sigmund Freud, who initially accepted it for publication. However, Freud cancelled the contract, wanting to distance himself from Reich's politics. Reich borrowed money and published the book privately in Vienna.Reich argues that character structures were organizations of resistance with which individuals avoided facing their neuroses: different character structures — whether schizoid, oral, psychopathic, masochistic, hysterical, compulsive, narcissistic, or rigid — were sustained biologically as body types by unconscious muscular contraction.
<Order_of_Culture>	The Order of Culture (文化勲章, Bunka-kunshō) is a Japanese order, established on February 11, 1937. The order has one class only, and may be awarded to men and women for contributions to Japan's art, literature, science, technology, or anything related to culture in general; recipients of the order also receive an annuity for life. The order is conferred by the Emperor of Japan in person on Culture Day (November 3) each year. It is considered equivalent to the highest rank (Grand Cordon) of the Order of the Rising Sun, the Order of the Sacred Treasure, and the Order of the Precious Crown. The only orders that Japanese emperors bestow on recipients by their own hands are the Collar of the Supreme Order of the Chrysanthemum, the Grand Cordon of each order, and the Order of Culture.The badge of the order, which is in gold with white enamel, is in the form of a Tachibana orange blossom; the central disc bears three crescent-shaped jades (magatama). The badge is suspended on a gold and enamel wreath of mandarin orange leaves and fruit, which is in turn suspended on a purple ribbon worn around the neck.The Order of Culture and Persons of Cultural Merit function together in honoring contributions to the advancement and development of Japanese culture in a variety of fields such as academia, arts and others.
<Varzim_S.C.>	Varzim Sport Club (Portuguese pronunciation: [vɐɾˈzĩ sɨˈpɔɾ ˈklub(ɨ)]) is a Portuguese football team based in Póvoa de Varzim, near Porto in the north of the country. The club was founded on 25 December 1915, and has played at the Estádio do Varzim Sport Club since it was founded. The club plays in the second tier Liga Portugal 2,  after winning promotion from the Campeonato Nacional in 2015. The club has played for a total of 21 seasons at the top level of Portuguese football, eight in a row from 1963. It reached the semi-finals of the Taça de Portugal (league cup) on three occasions, in 1978, 1980 and 1985.Varzim has won six major titles in its history, which include the Segunda Divisão four times and the Terceira Divisão and Liga Intercalar once. The club usually plays with over 70% of players from its youth ranks. The club youth academy is notable for producing Portuguese international footballers like António Lima Pereira, Bruno Alves, Hélder Postiga and Salvador Agra.The club was founded on 25 December 1915 under the name Varzim Foot-Ball Club. On 25 March 1916, the club approved a motion to change its name to Varzim Sport Club. Following the name change, black and white were chosen as the colours for the club's kits in all sports. In 1918, the club joined the Porto Football Association, where it officially became recognised as a club and started to compete in the city's football league. In 1920, the club won its first trophy, the Taça Eça de Queiroz.
<Sarah_Blakley-Cartwright>	Red Riding Hood is a 2011 American romantic horror film directed by Catherine Hardwicke, and produced by Leonardo DiCaprio, from a screenplay by David Leslie Johnson. The film is very loosely based on the folk tale "Little Red Riding Hood" collected by both Charles Perrault under the name Le Petit Chaperon Rouge (Little Red Riding Hood) and several decades later by the Brothers Grimm as Rotkäppchen (Little Red Cap). It stars Amanda Seyfried as the title role, with Gary Oldman, Billy Burke, Shiloh Fernandez, Max Irons, Virginia Madsen, Lukas Haas and Julie Christie in supporting roles.Red Riding Hood had its world premiere at Hollywood on March 7, 2011, and was theatrically released on March 11, 2011, by Warner Bros. Pictures. The film received generally negative reviews from critics, with praise for Seyfried's performance but criticism for its plot. It grossed over $89 million worldwide against a $42 million budget.Valerie lives with her parents, Cesaire and Suzette, and older sister Lucie in the village of Daggerhorn, on the edge of a forest plagued by a werewolf. She is in love with the woodcutter and childhood friend Peter, but her parents arrange for her to marry Henry, son of the wealthy blacksmith Adrien Lazar. Valerie and Peter plan to elope, only to learn the Wolf has broken its truce not to prey on the townspeople and murdered Lucie.
<Arthur_C._Cope_Award>	The Arthur C. Cope Award is a prize awarded for achievement in the field of organic chemistry research. It is sponsored by the Arthur C. Cope Fund, and has been awarded annually since 1973 by the American Chemical Society. It consists of $25,000, a medallion, and $150,000 in funding for research in organic chemistry.Recipients include:The Arthur C. Cope Fund also sponsors an additional ten awards each year called the Arthur C. Cope Scholar Awards  to recognize and encourage excellence in organic chemistry. The Arthur C. Cope Scholar Awards were established in 1984 by the ACS Board of Directors, on recommendation of the ACS Division of Organic Chemistry, under the terms of the will of Arthur C. Cope.
<Michael_Crichton>	John Michael Crichton (/ˈkraɪtən/; October 23, 1942 – November 4, 2008) was an American author and filmmaker. His books have sold over 200 million copies worldwide, and over a dozen have been adapted into films. His literary works heavily feature technology and are usually within the science fiction, techno-thriller, and medical fiction genres. His novels often explore technology and failures of human interaction with it, especially resulting in catastrophes with biotechnology. Many of his novels have medical or scientific underpinnings, reflecting his medical training and scientific background.Crichton received an M.D. from Harvard Medical School in 1969 but did not practice medicine, choosing to focus on his writing instead. Initially writing under a pseudonym, he eventually wrote 26 novels, including: The Andromeda Strain (1969), The Terminal Man (1972), The Great Train Robbery (1975), Congo (1980), Sphere (1987), Jurassic Park (1990), Rising Sun (1992), Disclosure (1994), The Lost World (1995), Airframe (1996), Timeline (1999), Prey (2002), State of Fear (2004), and Next (2006). Several novels, in various states of completion, were published after his death in 2008.
<George_Russell_Callender>	Brig. Gen. George Russell Callender (1884–1973) was an American physician and army officer. He was the commandant of the Medical Department Professional Service Schools in Washington, D. C. (now known as the Walter Reed Army Institute of Research), founding commandant of the Walter Reed Tropical Medicine Course.Callender was born in Everett, Massachusetts on May 13, 1884. He graduated from Tufts College Medical School, Boston in 1908, was commissioned in the Medical Reserve Corps in 1912, and entered the service (US Army) on May 18, 1913. He graduated from the Army Medical School in 1913.  Afterwards he served in the Hawaii Department 1916–1918 and as a pathologist at Army Medical Center in 1939. Callender became the Assistant Commandant, then Commandant of Medical Department Professional Service Schools 1940–1946.  He was promoted to Brigadier General in March 1945.He retired from the Army in November 1946. Decorations included the Distinguished Service Medal.  He was author of Malaria in Panama (1929).[dubious  – discuss]
<Marion_Burns>	Marion Burns (August 9, 1907 – December 22, 1993) was an American film actress of the 1930s.  She is best known for having starred opposite John Wayne in the 1935 film The Dawn Rider and opposite him again that same year in Paradise Canyon, as well as a large supporting role in Me and My Gal (1932) starring Spencer Tracy and Joan Bennett.Burns was born in Los Angeles, California, making her way to Hollywood to pursue a career in acting. She earned a bachelor's degree in dramatics from the University of California. Burns was active in stock theater. Her Broadway credits include Intimate Relations and They Don't Mean Any Harm, both in 1931.
<Cambridge,_Massachusetts>	Cambridge (/ˈkeɪmbrɪdʒ/ KAYM-brij) is a city in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States. As part of the Boston metropolitan area, the cities population of the 2020 U.S. census was 118,403, making it the fourth most populous city in the state, behind Boston, Worcester, and Springfield. It is one of two de jure county seats of Middlesex County, although the county's executive government was abolished in 1997. Situated directly north of Boston, across the Charles River, it was named in honor of the University of Cambridge in England, once also an important center of the Puritan theology embraced by the town's founders.Harvard University, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), Lesley University, and Hult International Business School are in Cambridge, as was Radcliffe College before it merged with Harvard. Kendall Square in Cambridge has been called "the most innovative square mile on the planet" owing to the high concentration of successful startups that have emerged in the vicinity of the square since 2010.
<Moreirense_F.C.>	Moreirense Futebol Clube is a Portuguese professional football club based in Moreira de Cónegos, Guimarães Municipality, in Minho. Founded on 1 November 1938, it plays in the Liga Portugal 2, holding home games at Parque de Jogos Comendador Joaquim de Almeida Freitas, with a capacity for 9,000 spectators.Moreirense was founded in 1938. It first reached the Liga de Honra in 1995, where they stayed five seasons. After being relegated to Segunda Divisão, manager Manuel Machado took the team and in two years managed two promotions, getting the team for the first time to top flight. He led the northerners for two more seasons, in which Moreirense achieved two mid-table positions, finishing ninth in the latter season.After Machado departed for neighbouring Vitória de Guimarães, the club suffered two consecutive relegations, only returning again to the second level in 2010, and the first in 2012. After an immediate relegation, the team won the 2013–14 Segunda Liga under manager Toni Conceição.
<Harvey_Prize>	Harvey Prize is an annual Israeli award for breakthroughs in science and technology, as well as contributions to peace in the Middle East granted by the Technion in Haifa.The prize is named for industrialist and inventor Leo Harvey. Two prizes of $75,000 each are awarded each year.Candidates are submitted by past recipients, Technion Senate members and presidents of recognized institutions of higher learning and research in Israel and abroad. Generally, recipients of the Nobel or Wolf Prizes are not eligible for the Harvey Prize, unless the accomplishments cited in the nomination represent new or different work. However, some scientists who won the Harvey Prize were later presented with the Nobel Prize, e.g. Eric Kandel and Shuji Nakamura.
<Damian_Chapa>	Damian Robert Chapa (born October 29, 1963) is an American actor, film director, and producer.Chapa's ancestry is of Mexican, Italian, German and Native American descent. He now calls San Antonio, Texas home.
<M2_(game_developer)>	M2 Co., Ltd. (Japanese: 有限会社Ｍ２ (エムツー)) is a Japanese video game developer and publisher, best known for handling emulation of re-released games, such as some Sega Ages titles, Virtual Console titles for Nintendo systems, the 3D Classics series for the Nintendo 3DS and their ShotTriggers  range of classic STG games.M2 has also created entirely new titles such as WiiWare games for Konami under the ReBirth moniker and more recently a new GG Aleste game.Publisher in round brackets
<Gordon_Jackson_(actor)>	Gordon Cameron Jackson, OBE (19 December 1923 – 15 January 1990) was a Scottish actor best remembered for his roles as the butler Angus Hudson in Upstairs, Downstairs and as George Cowley, the head of CI5, in The Professionals. He also portrayed Capt Jimmy Cairns in Tunes of Glory, and Flt. Lt. Andrew MacDonald, "Intelligence", in The Great Escape.Gordon Jackson was born in Glasgow in 1923, the youngest of five children. He attended Hillhead High School, and in his youth he took part in BBC radio shows including Children's Hour. He left school aged 15 and became a draughtsman for Rolls-Royce.
<Stone_Cold_Steve_Austin>	Steve Austin (born Steven James Anderson; December 18, 1964), better known by his ring name "Stone Cold" Steve Austin, is an American media personality, actor, and retired professional wrestler. Widely regarded as one of the greatest and most influential professional wrestlers of all time, he was integral to the development and success of the World Wrestling Federation (WWF, now known as WWE) during the Attitude Era, an industry boom period in the late 1990s and early 2000s.Austin began his professional wrestling career in 1989, after playing college football at the University of North Texas. He signed with World Championship Wrestling (WCW) in 1991 and adopted the persona of "Stunning" Steve Austin, a villainous in-ring technician, and he won the WCW World Television Championship and the WCW United States Heavyweight Championship twice each, alongside the WCW World Tag Team Championship and NWA World Tag Team Championship once each with Brian Pillman (as the Hollywood Blondes). After a brief stint in Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW), Austin signed with World Wrestling Federation (WWF, now WWE) in 1995.
<Penelope_Dudley-Ward>	Penelope Ann Rachel, Lady Reed (born Penelope Anne Rachel Dudley Ward; 4 August 1914 – 21 January 1982), known as Penelope Dudley-Ward, was an English actress.Born in London, she was the elder daughter of William Dudley Ward and the leading socialite Freda Dudley Ward, her mother being best remembered for being the long-time mistress of the Prince of Wales, the future King Edward VIII. She was a leading lady in several British films during the 1930s and 1940s. She retired from the screen following her second marriage.
<Jan_van_Paradijs>	Johannes A. van Paradijs (9 June 1946 – 2 November 1999) was a Dutch high-energy astrophysicist. He is best known for discovering the first optical afterglow of a gamma-ray burst, GRB 970228, in February 1997, together with two of his students, and for establishing that gamma-ray bursts are extragalactic events. He was married to the astrophysicist Chryssa Kouveliotou. Van Paradijs determined the first mass of a neutron star, the X-ray pulsar Vela X-1 in 1975. In 1978 he showed that X-ray bursters are neutron stars in binary systems. Using spectroscopic mapping, he was the first to spatially resolve an accretion disk.Van Paradijs obtained his PhD at the University of Amsterdam, Netherlands, in 1975, working on cool giant stars. His thesis was entitled "Studies of line spectra of G- and K-type stars" and his supervisor was David Koelbloed. Afterwards he started working on X-ray binaries. In 1988 he was appointed full professor at the University of Amsterdam, and later he worked part-time at the University of Alabama in Huntsville, U.S. He published over 400 scientific papers, including many with long-time collaborator Walter Lewin of MIT.
<Albania_national_under-19_football_team>	The Albania national under-19 football team represents Albania in international football at this age level in the UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship and the FIFA U-20 World Cup, as well as any other under-19 international football tournaments. It is controlled by Albanian Football Association, the governing body for football in Albania.All matches were played in France.All matches were played in Russia.
<Nia_Vardalos>	Antonia Eugenia Vardalos (born September 24, 1962) is a Canadian actress, director, producer and screenwriter. She is best known for starring in and writing the romantic comedy film My Big Fat Greek Wedding (2002), which garnered her nominations for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay, and the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Comedy or Musical.Vardalos was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba, on September 24, 1962. She is the daughter of Greek Canadian parents Doreen Christakos, a bookkeeper and homemaker, and Constantine "Gus" Vardalos, a land developer who was born in Kalavryta, Greece. She attended St. George School and Shaftesbury High School in Winnipeg and Ryerson University in Toronto.An alumna of the Chicago-based Second City comedy repertory company, Vardalos wrote and performed in over ten revues of sketch comedy and won Chicago's Joseph Jefferson award for Best Actress. Vardalos had many small roles in television shows such as The Drew Carey Show and Two Guys and a Girl; in addition, she provided voices for the 1996 radio adaptation of Star Wars: Return of the Jedi which Brian Daley had written for National Public Radio. 
<John_Milnor>	John Willard Milnor (born February 20, 1931) is an American mathematician known for his work in differential topology, algebraic K-theory and low-dimensional holomorphic dynamical systems. Milnor is a distinguished professor at Stony Brook University and one of the five mathematicians to have won the Fields Medal, the Wolf Prize, and the Abel Prize (the others being Serre, Thompson, Deligne, and Margulis.)Milnor was born on February 20, 1931, in Orange, New Jersey. His father was J. Willard Milnor and his mother was Emily Cox Milnor. As an undergraduate at Princeton University he was named a Putnam Fellow in 1949 and 1950 and also proved the Fáry–Milnor theorem when he was only 19 years old. Milnor graduated with an A.B. in mathematics in 1951 after completing a senior thesis, titled "Link groups", under the supervision of Robert H. Fox. He remained at Princeton to pursue graduate studies and received his Ph.D. in mathematics in 1954 after completing a doctoral dissertation, titled "Isotopy of links", also under the supervision of Fox. His dissertation concerned link groups (a generalization of the classical knot group) and their associated link structure, classifying Brunnian links up to link-homotopy and introduced new invariants of it, called Milnor invariants. Upon completing his doctorate, he went on to work at Princeton. He was a professor at the Institute for Advanced Study from 1970 to 1990.
<Newark,_New_Jersey>	Newark (/ˈnjuːərk/ NEW-ərk, locally [nʊəɹk]) is the most populous city in the U.S. state of New Jersey and the seat of Essex County and the second largest city within the New York metropolitan area. The city had a population of 311,549 as of the 2020 U.S. census, and was calculated at 307,220 by the Population Estimates Program for 2021, making it the nation's 66th-most populous municipality.Settled in 1666 by Puritans from New Haven Colony, Newark is one of the oldest cities in the United States. Its location at the mouth of the Passaic River (where it flows into Newark Bay) has made the city's waterfront an integral part of the Port of New York and New Jersey. Today, Port Newark–Elizabeth is the primary container shipping terminal of the busiest seaport on the U.S. East Coast. Newark Liberty International Airport was the first municipal commercial airport in the United States, and today is one of its busiest.
<Paul_Junger_Witt>	Paul Junger Witt (March 20, 1941 – April 27, 2018) was an American film and television producer.  He, with his partners Tony Thomas and Susan Harris (also his wife), produced such television shows as Here Come the Brides, The Partridge Family, The Golden Girls, Soap, Benson, It's a Living, Empty Nest, and Blossom.  The majority of their shows have been produced by their company, Witt/Thomas Productions (alternately Witt/Thomas/Harris Productions), founded in 1975. Witt also produced the films Dead Poets Society, Three Kings, Insomnia, and the made-for-TV movie Brian's Song.  He was a graduate of the University of Virginia.Witt married Ann McLaughlin with whom he had 3 children, Christopher, Anthony, and Genevieve. After their divorce, he married Susan Harris on September 18, 1983.Witt died of cancer in Los Angeles on April 27, 2018, at age 77.
<CA_Osasuna>	Club Atlético Osasuna (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈkluβ atˈletiko osaˈsuna], Osasuna Athletic Club), or simply Osasuna, is a Spanish professional football club in Pamplona, Navarre. Founded on 24 October 1920, the club currently plays in La Liga, holding home games at the 23,576-capacity El Sadar Stadium. The team's regular home kit is a red shirt with navy blue shorts. Osasuna is one of four professional Spanish clubs to be owned by its members with an elected president.Osasuna is the sole Navarrese club to have played in La Liga. Although the club has never won a national trophy it reached the Copa del Rey final in 2005. The club’s best league finishes were fourth in 1990–91 and 2005–06."Los Rojillos" is the club nickname, meaning "The Little  Reds". The word "osasuna" means "health" in Basque, used in a sense of "strength" or "vigour", which makes Osasuna the only team in La Liga with a Basque name. For different reasons, rivalries exist between Osasuna and Real Zaragoza, Real Madrid, and some Basque clubs, particularly Athletic Bilbao.
<Józef_Ignacy_Kraszewski>	Józef Ignacy Kraszewski (28 July 1812 – 19 March 1887) was a Polish writer, publisher, historian, journalist, scholar, painter, and author who produced more than 200 novels and 150 novellas, short stories, and art reviews, which makes him the most prolific writer in the history of Polish literature. He is best known for his epic series on the history of Poland, comprising twenty-nine novels in seventy-nine parts.He was the oldest son born to a family of the Polish nobility (Szlachta). He studied medicine, then philosophy, at the University of Vilnius, and was a supporter of the November Uprising in 1830. As a result, he was arrested and imprisoned until 1832. After his release, he had to live under police supervision in Vilnius, but was allowed to go to his father's estate near Pruzhany the following year. In 1838 he married Zofia Woroniczówna, niece of Jan Paweł Woronicz [pl], the former Bishop of Warsaw, and went with her to Volhynia, where he engaged in farming his family's estates. In 1839, he published his first important work, the novel Poeta i świat (The Poet and the World).
<Raja_Rao>	Raja Rao (8 November 1908 – 8 July 2006) was an Indian-American writer of English-language novels and short stories, whose works are deeply rooted in metaphysics. The Serpent and the Rope (1960), a semi-autobiographical novel recounting a search for spiritual truth in Europe and India, established him as one of the finest Indian prose stylists and won him the Sahitya Akademi Award in 1964. For the entire body of his work, Rao was awarded the Neustadt International Prize for Literature in 1988. Rao's wide-ranging body of work, spanning a number of genres, is seen as a varied and significant contribution to Indian English literature, as well as World literature as a whole.Raja Rao was born on 8 November 1908 in Hassan, in the princely state of Mysore (now in Karnataka in South India) into a Kannada-speaking Brahmin family and was the eldest of 9 siblings, with seven sisters and a brother named Yogeshwara Ananda. His father, H.V. Krishnaswamy, taught Kannada, the native language of Karnataka, at Nizam College in Hyderabad. His mother, Gauramma, was a homemaker who died when Raja Rao was 4 years old.
<Giovani_dos_Santos>	Giovani dos Santos Ramírez (Spanish pronunciation: [ɟʝoˈβani ðos ˈsantos] Brazilian Portuguese: [dus ˈsɐ̃tus]; born 11 May 1989) is a Mexican professional footballer. A versatile forward, dos Santos can play as an attacking midfielder, winger, and secondary striker. He is an Olympic gold medalist.Dos Santos began his football career at a very young age, being recruited by Spanish club Barcelona and played for their B team until age 18. He made his way up the ranks, eventually playing for the senior squad, making his debut in 2007. That year, he was named by World Soccer Magazine as one of the "Top 50 Most Exciting Teen Footballers". After playing one season, Dos Santos was transferred to Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur in 2008 in search for more playing time. Though he would stay with the club until 2012, his time there was mostly spent away on loan, at Ipswich Town, Galatasaray and Racing de Santander, with varying degrees of success. Spurs eventually sold dos Santos to Mallorca in 2012, and he was sold a year later to Villarreal. After a three-year stint, he was sold to LA Galaxy in July 2015, who went on to buy out his contract and release him prior to the 2019 season.
<Bank_of_America>	The Bank of America Corporation (often abbreviated BofA or BoA) is an American multinational investment bank and financial services holding company headquartered at the Bank of America Corporate Center in Charlotte, North Carolina. The bank was founded in San Francisco and took its present form when NationsBank of Charlotte acquired it in 1998. It is the second-largest banking institution in the United States, after JPMorgan Chase, and the second largest bank in the world by market capitalization. Bank of America is one of the Big Four banking institutions of the United States. It serves approximately 10.73% of all American bank deposits, in direct competition with JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, and Wells Fargo. Its primary financial services revolve around commercial banking, wealth management, and investment banking.One branch of its history stretches back to the U.S.-based Bank of Italy, founded by Amadeo Pietro Giannini in 1904, which provided various banking options to Italian immigrants who faced service discrimination. Originally headquartered in San Francisco, California, Giannini acquired Banca d'America e d'Italia (Bank of America and Italy) in 1922. The passage of landmark federal banking legislation facilitated a rapid growth in the 1950s, quickly establishing a prominent market share. After suffering a significant loss after the 1998 Russian bond default, BankAmerica, as it was then known, was acquired by the Charlotte-based NationsBank for US$62 billion. Following what was then the largest bank acquisition in history, the Bank of America Corporation was founded. Through a series of mergers and acquisitions, it built upon its commercial banking business by establishing Merrill Lynch for wealth management and Bank of America Merrill Lynch for investment banking in 2008 and 2009, respectively (since renamed BofA Securities).
<Otto_Fredrikson>	Otto Fredrikson (born 30 November 1981) is a Finnish football goalkeeper who plays for Tromsø IL. He is also working at the club with marketing. Fredrikson was born in the unilingually Finnish-speaking municipality of Valkeakoski, but has Swedish heritage.Fredrikson's career began in OLS, but he transferred to another Oulu based team Tervarit for seasons 2000–2001.
<Doris_Reynolds>	Doris Livesey Reynolds (also known by her married name Doris Holmes) FRSE FGS (1 July 1899 – 10 October 1985) was a British geologist, best known for her work on metasomatism in rocks and her role in the "Granite Controversy". She was the first woman to be elected Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh.Doris Livesey Reynolds was born on 1 July 1899 in Manchester, to parents Alfred Reynolds and Louisa Livesey. Her parents moved to Manchester from Belfast just before her birth. Reynolds first attended school in Essex, then going on to Bedford College, graduating with a degree in geology in 1920. Whilst at Bedford, she studied under two of the most famous female geologists of the time, Catherine Raisin and Gertrude Ellis, who encouraged her interest in petrology.
<William_E._Moerner>	William Esco Moerner (born June 24, 1953) is an American physical chemist and chemical physicist with current work in the biophysics and imaging of single molecules. He is credited with achieving the first optical detection and spectroscopy of a single molecule in condensed phases, along with his postdoc, Lothar Kador. Optical study of single molecules has subsequently become a widely used single-molecule experiment in chemistry, physics and biology. In 2014, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.Moerner was born in Pleasanton, California, in 1953 June 24 the son of Bertha Frances (Robinson) and William Alfred Moerner. He was a boy scout, with the Boy Scouts of America and became an Eagle Scout. He attended Washington University in St. Louis for undergraduate studies as an Alexander S. Langsdorf Engineering Fellow, and obtained three degrees: a B.S. in physics with Final Honors, a B.S. in electrical engineering with Final Honors, and an A.B. in mathematics summa cum laude in 1975.  This was followed by graduate study, partially supported by a National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship, at Cornell University in the group of Albert J. Sievers III. Here he received an M.S. degree and a Ph.D. degree in physics in 1978 and 1982, respectively. His doctoral thesis was on vibrational relaxation dynamics of an IR-laser-excited molecular impurity mode in alkali halide lattices.  Throughout his school years, Moerner was a straight A student from 1963 to 1982, and won both the Dean's Award for Unusually Exceptional Academic Achievement as well as the Ethan A. H. Shepley Award for Outstanding Achievement when he graduated from college.Moerner worked at the IBM Almaden Research Center in San Jose, California, as a Research Staff Member from 1981 to 1988, a Manager from 1988 to 1989, and Project Leader from 1989 to 1995.  After an appointment as Visiting Guest Professor of Physical Chemistry at ETH Zurich (1993–1994), he assumed the Distinguished Chair in Physical Chemistry in the Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry at the University of California, San Diego, from 1995 to 1998.  In 1997 he was named the Robert Burns Woodward Visiting Professor at Harvard University. His research group moved to Stanford University in 1998 where he became Professor of Chemistry (1998), Harry S. Mosher Professor (2003), and Professor, by courtesy, of Applied Physics (2005).  Moerner was appointed Department Chair for Chemistry from 2011 to 2014.  His current areas of research and interest include: single-molecule spectroscopy and super-resolution microscopy, physical chemistry, chemical physics, biophysics, nanoparticle trapping, nanophotonics, photorefractive polymers, and spectral hole-burning.  As of May 2014, Moerner was listed as a faculty advisor in 26 theses written by Stanford graduate students.  As of May 16, 2014, there are 386 publications listed in Moerner's full CV.
<Nickelodeon_India>	Nickelodeon (abbreviated as Nick) is an Indian children's pay television network based in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India. It is the Indian equivalent to the original American Network and is owned by Viacom18, a joint venture between Paramount Global and TV18. Despite using the "Nickelodeon" branding, it does not air any content from the original American network in recent times as part of a localisation strategy, and thus, original Nickelodeon content is only broadcast on the Nickelodeon HD+ channel. As of October 2020, Nickelodeon is the most watched children's channel in India.Nickelodeon was launched in India on 16 October 1999. Zee TV was in charge of distributing the channel to cable operators, in a deal made with Viacom. This is India's second children's television channel after Cartoon Network.
<The_Colored_American_Magazine>	The Colored American Publishing Company (1904–1903)Walter Alexander JohnsonWalter WallaceThe Colored American Magazine was the first monthly publication in the United States that covered African-American culture. It ran from May 1900 to November 1909 and had a peak circulation of 17,000. The magazine was initially published out of Boston by the Colored Co-Operative Publishing Company, and from 1904 forward, by Moore Publishing and Printing Company in New York. The editorial staff included novelist Pauline Hopkins who was also the main writer. In a 1904 hostile takeover involving Booker T. Washington, Fred Randolph Moore purchased the magazine and replaced Hopkins as editor.
<Michael_Kanin>	Michael Kanin (February 1, 1910 – March 12, 1993) was an American director, producer, playwright and screenwriter who shared an Academy Award with Ring Lardner Jr. for writing the Katharine Hepburn-Spencer Tracy film comedy Woman of the Year (1942).Born in Rochester, New York, his first job was writing and acting in Catskills resort shows with his brother Garson Kanin. In 1939, he was signed to a screenwriting contract at RKO. He married RKO co-worker Fay Mitchell in 1940, and collaborated with her on many projects including the Broadway play Goodbye, My Fancy (1948), the western The Outrage (1964), based on the Japanese film Rashomon (1950). The couple received an Academy Award nomination for Teacher's Pet (1958).
<Sherbrooke>	Sherbrooke (/ˈʃɜːrbrʊk/ SHUR-bruuk; Quebec French pronunciation [ʃɛʁbʁʊk]) is a city in southern Quebec, Canada. It is at the confluence of the Saint-François and Magog rivers in the heart of the Estrie administrative region. Sherbrooke is also the name of a territory equivalent to a regional county municipality (TE) and census division (CD) of Quebec, coextensive with the city of Sherbrooke. With 172,950 residents at the Canada 2021 Census, It is the sixth largest city in the province and the 30th largest in Canada. The Sherbrooke Census Metropolitan Area had 227,398 inhabitants, making it the fourth largest metropolitan area in Quebec and 19th in Canada.Sherbrooke is the primary economic, political, cultural and institutional centre of Estrie, and was known as the Queen of the Eastern Townships at the beginning of the 20th century.
<Glenelg,_South_Australia>	Glenelg is a beach-side suburb of the South Australian capital of Adelaide. Located on the shore of Holdfast Bay in Gulf St Vincent, it has become a tourist destination due to its beach and many attractions, home to several hotels and dozens of restaurants.Established in 1836, it is the oldest European settlement on mainland South Australia. It was named after Lord Glenelg, a member of British Cabinet and Secretary of State for War and the Colonies. Through Lord Glenelg the name derives from Glenelg, Highland, Scotland.
<Ben_Gordon_(footballer,_born_1991)>	Benjamin Lawrence Gordon (born 2 March 1991) is an English professional footballer who plays as a left back for Northern Counties East League Premier Division club Yorkshire Amateur.Gordon began his career as a youth player at Leeds United before moving to Chelsea in 2007. He failed to make a first-team appearance at Chelsea, and spent time out on loan in the Football League with Tranmere Rovers, Scunthorpe United, Peterborough United and Birmingham City. He also experienced two loan spells in the Scottish Premier League with Kilmarnock. Following his release from Chelsea in 2013, Gordon moved briefly to Yeovil Town before spending a season in Scotland with Ross County in the Scottish Premiership. In 2014 he joined Colchester United, where he spent one season. He then dropped into non-league football, and following a brief spell with Chester, he signed for hometown club Bradford Park Avenue and also went on to play for Woking, Boston United Gainsborough Trinity (two spells), Shaw Lane, Matlock Town and Pontefract Collieries, before joining Yorkshire Amateur in 2021.
<Bryce_Harlow>	Bryce Nathaniel Harlow (August 11, 1916 – February 18, 1987) was a congressional staff member, army officer, advisor to U.S. presidents, and corporate lobbyist.He was born in 1916 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, the son of Victor E. Harlow, who had served as a college professor, college president, and publisher of Harlow's Weekly, which focused on Oklahoma political, social and economic issues. Bryce graduated from the University of Oklahoma in 1936 at age 19, followed by two years of graduate work in government at the University of Texas at Austin and the University of Oklahoma. He then went to Washington, D.C., where he served on Capitol Hill as assistant librarian of the U.S. House of Representatives and then as an aide to Congressman Wesley Disney.In 1940, he joined the army reserve, and in July 1941, he was placed on active duty as an officer in the public information office of Army Chief of Staff Gen. George C. Marshall. He then served as the army's congressional liaison under Wilton B. Persons. He rose to the rank of lieutenant colonel.
<12_Discípulos>	12 Discípulos (English: 12 Disciples) is the fifth studio album by Puerto Rican recording artist Eddie Dee. It was released on January 29, 2004 and independently distributed by Diamond Music. 12 Discípulos features eleven other reggaeton musicians, who were among the most requested in the genre at the time. These include Daddy Yankee, along with Ivy Queen, Tego Calderón, Voltio, Vico C, Zion & Lennox, Nicky Jam, Johnny Prez, Gallego, and Wiso G.The album features production collaborations with several Puerto Rican music producers including DJ Adam, DJ David, DJ Urba & Monserrate, Ecko, Gran Omar, Luny Tunes, Mr. G, The Majestic, Noriega, Rafi Mercenario and Santana. Recording and production occurred in Dee's home studio in Rio Piedras, Puerto Rico, during much of late 2003.The album spawned four singles, the lead which included all twelve of the featured performers. It was followed by "Punto y Aparte", "Si No Cuidas Tu Mujer" and "Taladro". On the Billboard Latin Albums chart, the album peaked at number five, on the Billboard Tropical Albums chart, it peaked at number one for three inconsecutive weeks. It also managed to reach number eighteen on the Billboard Independent Albums chart. The album's commercial success promoted Machete Music to pick up the album for a special edition rerelease on December 13, 2005.
<Mylène_Farmer>	Mylène Jeanne Gautier (French: [milɛn ʒan ɡotje]; born 12 September 1961), known professionally as Mylène Farmer ([milɛn faʁmœʁ]), is a Canadian-born French singer, songwriter, occasional actress, writer, and entrepreneur. Having sold more than 30 million records in France, she is among the most successful recording artists of all time in that country. She holds the record for the most number one hit singles in the French charts, with twenty-one to date – eight of which were consecutive.Born in Pierrefonds, Quebec, Canada (a former city that is now part of the Montreal borough of Pierrefonds-Roxboro), to French parents, the family soon relocated to Chaville, near Paris, where Farmer pursued a career in modelling and acting. She later gained prominence as a recording artist with the release of her debut single "Maman a tort" in 1984. In 1988, she released her second studio album, Ainsi soit je..., which sold 1.5 million copies in France. The album spawned Farmer's first number one on the French singles chart, "Pourvu qu'elles soient douces". Her third studio album, L'Autre..., sold two million copies, becoming Farmer's best-selling album to date. Its lead single, "Désenchantée", became Farmer's most successful single, and is often described as her signature song.
<Adi_Shankaracharya_(film)>	Adi Shankaracharya is a 1983 Indian film in Sanskrit language directed by G. V. Iyer.  The film depicts the life and times of 8th century Hindu philosopher, Adi Shankaracharya, who consolidated the doctrine of Advaita Vedanta (Non-dualism) in Hindu philosophy. This movie is prime example of experimental movie era of Kannada film industry. It was the first film in India to be made in Sanskrit. At the 31st National Film Awards, it won four awards, including Best Film, Best Screenplay, Best Cinematography and Best Audiography.
<Shanti_Swaroop_Bhatnagar>	Sir Shanti Swaroop Bhatnagar OBE, FNI, FASc, FRS, FRIC, FInstP (21 February 1894 – 1 January 1955) was an Indian colloid chemist, academic and scientific administrator. The first director-general of the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), he is revered as the "father of research laboratories" in India. He was also the first Chairman of the University Grants Commission (UGC).In 1958, to honour his name and legacy, the Indian Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) instituted the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology for scientists who have made significant contributions in various branches of science.
<Chauvenet_Prize>	The Chauvenet Prize is the highest award for mathematical expository writing. It consists of a prize of $1,000 and a certificate, and is awarded yearly by the Mathematical Association of America in recognition of an outstanding expository article on a mathematical topic.  The prize is named in honor of William Chauvenet and was established through a gift from J. L. Coolidge in 1925. The Chauvenet Prize was the first award established by the Mathematical Association of America. A gift from MAA president Walter B. Ford in 1928 allowed the award to be given every 3 years instead of the originally planned 5 years.Source: Mathematical Association of America
<Roger_Blandford>	Roger David Blandford, FRS, FRAS (born 1949) is a British theoretical astrophysicist, best known for his work on black holes.Blandford was born in Grantham, England and grew up in Birmingham.
<Lasse_Kolstad>	Lars "Lasse" Kolstad (10 January 1922 – 14 January 2012) was a Norwegian actor and singer. Active from the 1940s, he was known from many stage roles, but primarily as "Tevye" in Fiddler on the Roof.As a secondary school student, Kolstad was president of the graduating class (russ) council of his school, and eventually for all of Oslo. As this was in 1940, the German occupation of Norway put a damper on any great festivities that year. In 1943 he had his début at Trøndelag Teater, where he remained until 1949. He has later worked at Centralteatret, Edderkoppen, Riksteatret, Fjernsynsteatret og Det Norske Teatret. He has had roles in plays by Ibsen, Shakespeare and Sophocles, and musicals such as Zorba and The Threepenny Opera. His best-known character though, was "Tevye" in Fiddler on the Roof, a role Kolstad played 400 times.
<Palo_Alto,_California>	Palo Alto (/ˌpæloʊ ˈæltoʊ/; Spanish for "tall stick") is a charter city in the northwestern corner of Santa Clara County, California, United States, in the San Francisco Bay Area, named after a coastal redwood tree known as El Palo Alto.The city was established in 1894 by the American industrialist Leland Stanford when he founded Stanford University in memory of his son, Leland Stanford Jr. Palo Alto includes portions of Stanford University and borders East Palo Alto, Mountain View, Los Altos, Los Altos Hills, Stanford, Portola Valley, and Menlo Park. At the 2020 census, the population was 68,572. Palo Alto is one of the most expensive cities in the United States in which to live, and its residents are among the most educated in the country. However, it also has a youth suicide rate four times higher than the national average, often attributed to academic pressure.
<Maidstone_Club>	The Maidstone Club is a private country club on the Atlantic Ocean in the village of East Hampton, New York. Maidstone has both an 18-hole and nine-hole private golf course.The Club derives its name from the original name for East Hampton, which was Maidstone, named after Maidstone in England. It was founded as a 7-hole course in 1894 and expanded to eighteen holes in 1899. The Club was the summer retreat of New York City’s most wealthy and socially connected families. Maidstone is considered to be the most elite, prestigious and difficult to get into of all the clubs in "The Hamptons".Several notable people have inquired about membership over the years and were summarily prevented from joining the Club. In the 1950s, Groucho Marx was able to play as a member guest but was turned down as a potential member. George Plimpton and Diana Ross were also shunned. Ross was married to billionaire Norwegian shipping magnate Arne Næss, Jr., a member at Maidstone, however he resigned when his wife was denied membership. Donald Trump was a temporary member in the early 1980s, but turned down as a permanent member.
<CHUM_Limited>	CHUM Limited was a Canadian media company based in Toronto, Ontario in operation from 1945 to 2007. The company was founded in 1945 as York Broadcasters Limited when it launched CHUM-AM 1050 but was acquired by salesman Allan Waters in 1954. CHUM had expanded to and owned 33 radio stations across Canada under its CHUM Radio Network division (now Bell Media Radio) and also owned other radio stations.The company also operated full or joint control of 15 local television stations under the ATV, Citytv (acquired in 1981) and A-Channel (formerly NewNet, now CTV 2) brands, one CBC Television affiliate, one provincial educational channel, Atlantic Satellite Network in Atlantic Canada, and 20 branded specialty television channels, most notably MuchMusic and its various spin-offs that were launched under Moses Znaimer, the co-founder of CITY-TV, targeting younger audiences.In July 2006, one year after the death of Waters, CHUM agreed to merge with CTVglobemedia (now Bell Media), owner of the CTV Television Network. The merger was completed on June 22, 2007; regulatory approval was made conditional on the sale of CHUM's five Citytv stations to Rogers Communications. The company itself was renamed CTV Limited (now CTV Inc.) and continues as a subsidiary of Bell Media. Its Toronto radio stations TSN RADIO 1050 and CHUM 104.5 continue to use "CHUM" as their call signs. The headquarters were located at 299 Queen Street West in Toronto, the famous CHUM-City Building, which currently serves as Bell Media's headquarters.
<Bertha_Harris>	Bertha Harris (December 17, 1937 – May 22, 2005) was an American lesbian novelist. She is highly regarded by critics and admirers, but her novels are less familiar to the broader public.Bertha Anne Harris was born in Fayetteville, North Carolina on December 17, 1937 to John Holmes Harris and Mary Zeleka Jones.In 1959, Harris graduated from the Women's College of University of North Carolina. Upon graduation, she moved to New York City at age twenty-two, spending her summers in Westport, Massachusetts. She stated that she wanted to live in New York "to find lesbians", but, ended up in a brief heterosexual marriage and had a daughter, Jennifer Harris Wyland. To support herself and her daughter, she worked as an editor and proofreader for a time, before returning to North Carolina to receive her M.F.A.
<Margaret_Ashcroft>	Margaret Ashcroft (16 February 1931 – 25 October 2016) was a British television actress. She played the role of Margaret Castleton in the ITV series The Main Chance between 1969 and 1975 and the role of Gwen Riley in The Brothers between 1974 and 1976.In 1953, Ashcroft married British actor Morris Perry, and they remained married until her death in 2016. She was survived by Perry and their four children.
<Sophie_Barthes>	Sophie Barthes (born 1974) is a French-American film director and screenwriter best known for her 2009 film Cold Souls.Barthes was born in France and was raised in South America and the Middle East. She moved to New York in 2001 to attend the Columbia University School of the Arts.Barthes' short film Happiness, which tells the story of a woman who purchases a box of happiness and cannot decide if she should open it, was shown at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival. The film was well-received and earned her a place in the Sundance Institute's Screenwriters Lab, where she began to write the screenplay for her first feature film, Cold Souls. Barthes had first begun to develop the idea for Cold Souls in 2005, after she had a dream about Woody Allen having his soul extracted. The film, directed by Barthes, premiered at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival, where it was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize. It was released in August 2009, and starred Paul Giamatti as a fictionalized version of himself who decides to have his soul removed.
<Richard_Nelson_(playwright)>	Richard John Nelson (born October 17, 1950) is an American playwright and librettist.  He wrote the book for the 2000 Broadway musical James Joyce's The Dead, for which he won the Tony Award for Best Book of a Musical, as well as the book for the 1988 Broadway production of Chess. He is also the writer of the critically acclaimed play cycle The Rhinebeck Panorama.Nelson was born in Chicago, Illinois to Viola, a dancer, and Richard Finis Nelson, an accounting-systems analyst and some times sales representative. During Nelson's childhood, the family moved frequently to accommodate his father's work, but they settled for long stretches in Gary, Indiana, the outskirts of Philadelphia, and finally in a suburb of Detroit. Nelson's earliest theatrical influences were in musical theatre, and he estimates that he saw more than twenty-five musicals before ever seeing his first straight play.He graduated from Hamilton College in 1972, and received an honorary Doctor of Literature degree from Hamilton College in 2004.
<Jennifer_Finnigan>	Jennifer Christina Finnigan (born August 22, 1979) is a Canadian actress, best known for her role as Bridget Forrester in the American soap opera The Bold and the Beautiful from 2000 to 2004, for which she won three Daytime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Younger Actress in a Drama Series. She also appeared on the CBS legal drama Close to Home (2005–2007) and the ABC sitcom Better with You (2010–2011). Finnigan also starred on the FX series Tyrant (2014–2016). She later starred in the CBS sci-fi drama Salvation (2017–2018).Finnigan was born in Montreal, Quebec. She is the daughter of Diane Rioux Finnigan, and popular radio personality Jack Finnigan, who was a fixture on CJAD radio in Montreal from 1972 to 2005. She attended The Sacred Heart School of Montreal, a Catholic, all-girl private school from which she graduated in 1996.Finnigan married actor Jonathan Silverman on June 7, 2007, on the island of Mykonos in Greece. She and Silverman have a daughter, Ella Jack, born on September 29, 2017.[citation needed]
<June_Collyer>	June Collyer (born Dorothea Heermance, August 19, 1906 – March 16, 1968) was an American film actress of the 1920s and 1930s.Born in New York City, Collyer chose to use her mother's maiden name when she decided to pursue acting. Her father was Clayton Heermance, an attorney in New York.
<Dorothy_Peterson>	Bergetta "Dorothy" Peterson (died October 3, 1979) was an American actress. She began her acting career on Broadway before appearing in more than eighty Hollywood films.Peterson was born in Hector, Minnesota, the daughter of Oscar Frank Peterson and Emily Johnson Peterson. She had a brother, Buford, and was raised in Zion, Illinois. She was of Swedish ancestry. She studied at a dramatic school, performing in adaptations of Greek plays, and then attended the Chicago Musical College.
<Raffi_Ahmad>	Raffi Farid Ahmad (born 17 February 1987) is an Indonesian media personality, presenter, actor, singer, entrepreneur and producer. As a Sundanese and Pakistani descent, He is the eldest son of Munawar Ahmad and Amy Qanita.Raffi was born on 17 February 1987, in Bandung, West Java. He is the oldest child of three.
<How_Should_We_Then_Live?>	How Should We Then Live: The Rise and Decline of Western Thought and Culture is a Christian cultural and historical documentary film series and book. The book was written by presuppositionalist theologian Francis A. Schaeffer and first published in 1976. The book served as the basis for a series of ten films. Schaeffer narrated and appeared throughout the film series, which was produced by his son Frank Schaeffer and directed by John Gonser. In the film series, Schaeffer attacked the influences of the Renaissance, the Enlightenment, and Charles Darwin. The films were credited with inspiring a number of leaders of the American conservative evangelical movement, including Jerry Falwell. The complete list of materials that the Schaeffers produced under the title "How Should We Then Live?" include the initial book, a study guide for the book, the ten-episode film series, and study aids for the films.According to Schaeffer, How Should We Then Live traces Western history from Ancient Rome until the time of writing (1976) along three lines: the philosophic, scientific, and religious. He also makes extensive references to art and architecture as a means of showing how these movements reflected changing patterns of thought through time.Schaeffer's central premise is: when we base society on the Bible, on the infinite-personal God who is there and has spoken, this provides an absolute by which we can conduct our lives and by which we can judge society. This leads to what Schaeffer calls "Freedom without chaos."When we base society on humanism, which he defines as "a value system rooted in the belief that man is his own measure, that man is autonomous, totally independent", all values are relative and we have no way to distinguish right from wrong except for "synthesis, pragmatism, and utilitarianism." Because we disagree on what is best for which group, this leads to fragmentation of thought, which has led us to the despair and alienation so prevalent in society today. This fragmentation is expressed in the visual arts in works such as Les Demoiselles d'Avignon by Pablo Picasso. This work is considered to mark the beginning of Modern Art.Another premise is that modern relative values are based on Personal Peace (the desire to be personally unaffected by the world's problems) and Affluence (an increasing personal income.) He warns that when we live by these values we will be tempted to sacrifice our freedoms in exchange for an authoritarian government who will provide the relative values. He further warns that this government will not be obvious like the fascist regimes of the 20th century but will be based on manipulation and subtle forms of information control, psychology, and genetics.The film series "was intended as a Christian version of Sir Kenneth Clark's popular Civilisation series on public television." Schaeffer often decried the Civilisation series and other programs appearing on Public Television in America as part of a relativist conspiracy, declaring, "Public television gives us many things that many of us like culturally, but is also completely committed to a propaganda position that the last reality is only material/energy shaped by pure chance. Clark's Civilisation, Bronowski's The Ascent of Man, Carl Sagan's Cosmos – they all say it. There is only one final view of reality that's possible and that is that the final reality is material or energy shaped by pure chance. It is about us on every side, and especially the government and the courts have become the vehicle to force this anti-God view on the total population." A number of consultants and researchers were approached to provide input in specialist areas, including Hans Rookmaaker for the history of art, and opera singer Jane Stuart Smith for music. A guide to accompany the film series was also produced to facilitate group study.
<William_H._Tucker>	William Tucker may refer to:
<Helen_Andelin>	Helen Berry Andelin (May 22, 1920 – June 7, 2009) was the founder of the Fascinating Womanhood Movement, beginning with the women's marriage classes she taught in the early 1960s. Controversial among feminists for its advice toward women's fulfilling traditional marriage roles, her writings are still supported and re-discovered as recently as 2016, with classes still being taught online and in seminars.The year 1920 saw the birth of daughter Helen to Dr. Herbert and Mrs. Anna May Berry of Mesa, Arizona.  Helen was the youngest of seven children in this Latter-day Saint (LDS) household. In her teens, she worked in a malt shop and at her parents' hotel.  She graduated from Phoenix Union High School and attended Brigham Young University, where she majored in Home Economics.At Brigham Young University, she met and married Aubrey Passey Andelin, son of Aubrey Olof and Gladys Passey Andelin. Aubrey graduated from the University of Southern California School of Dentistry and practiced dentistry in Central California for many years. The Andelins became the parents of eight children, four sons and four daughters.
<Bobby_E._Lüthge>	Bobby E. Lüthge (12 September 1892 – 12 March 1964) was a German screenwriter.This article about a German writer or poet is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Charles_F._Kettering>	Charles Franklin Kettering (August 29, 1876 – November 25, 1958) sometimes known as Charles Fredrick Kettering was an American inventor, engineer, businessman, and the holder of 186 patents. He was a founder of Delco, and was head of research at General Motors from 1920 to 1947. Among his most widely used automotive developments were the electrical starting motor and leaded gasoline. In association with the DuPont Chemical Company, he was also responsible for the invention of Freon refrigerant for refrigeration and air conditioning systems. At DuPont he also was responsible for the development of Duco lacquers and enamels, the first practical colored paints for mass-produced automobiles. While working with the Dayton-Wright Company he developed the "Bug" aerial torpedo, considered the world's first aerial missile. He led the advancement of practical, lightweight two-stroke diesel engines, revolutionizing the locomotive and heavy equipment industries. In 1927, he founded the Kettering Foundation, a non-partisan research foundation, and was featured on the cover of Time magazine in January 1933.Charles was born in Loudonville, Ohio, United States, the fourth of five children of Jacob Henry Kettering and Martha (Hunter) Kettering. Poor eyesight gave him headaches in school. After graduation he followed his sister Emma into a teaching position at Bunker Hill School. By all accounts he was an engaging and innovative teacher. He attracted students to evening scientific demonstrations on electricity, heat, magnetism, and gravity.He took classes at The College of Wooster, before transferring to Ohio State University. He was a member of the Delta Upsilon fraternity. Eye problems forced him to withdraw, and he took a job as foreman of a telephone line crew. At first, the termination of his studies caused him to be depressed. Then he found ways to apply his electrical engineering skills on the job, and his spirits revived. He also met his future wife, Olive Williams. When his eye condition improved, he was able to return to his studies and graduated from OSU in 1904 with an electrical engineering degree.
<CD_Lugo>	Club Deportivo Lugo is a Spanish football team based in Lugo, in the autonomous community of Galicia. Founded on 8 July 1953, it plays in Segunda División, holding home games at Estadio Anxo Carro.The new board of directors was officially formed under the presidency of Emilio Núñez Torrón on Wednesday, 8 July 1953, after a merger between SG Lucense and CD Polvorín. CD Lugo played their first official match against Pontevedra CF on Sunday, 13 September 1953. Lugo won it 3:1. With the new configuration of the Tercera División from the 1956–57 season Lugo permanently played there for many further years. In the 1961-62 Lugo led by the coach Luis Diestro won their first trophy, becoming Tercera División champion.
<AFC_Wimbledon>	AFC Wimbledon is an English professional football club, based in Merton, London, that plays in the EFL League Two, after being relegated from the EFL League One following the 2021–22 season. The club's home stadium is Plough Lane.The club was founded in 2002 by former supporters of Wimbledon F.C. after the Football Association allowed that club to relocate to Milton Keynes in Buckinghamshire, about 60 miles (97 km) north of Wimbledon. Most of the Wimbledon F.C. supporters were very strongly opposed to moving the club so far away from Wimbledon, feeling that a club transplanted to a distant location would no longer represent Wimbledon or the club's historic legacy and tradition. Wimbledon F.C. moved in 2003 and formally changed the name of the club to Milton Keynes Dons in 2004.
<Geum_Min>	Geum Min is a South Korean politician. He was a Socialist Party delegate from 2006 until 2008. He also came forward as a candidate in the 17th presidential election.This article about a South Korean politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<SC_Bastia>	Sporting Club Bastiais (Corsican: Sporting Club di Bastia, commonly referred to as SC Bastia or simply Bastia) is a Corsican association football club based in Bastia on the island of Corsica. The club plays in Ligue 2, the second tier of French football, having won the 2020–21 Championnat National. The club plays its home matches at the Stade Armand Cesari located within the city.Bastia's main historical success include reaching the final of the 1977–78 edition of the UEFA Cup. The team was defeated by Dutch club PSV Eindhoven (0–0 at home, 0–3 away). Domestically, Bastia won the second division of French football in 1968 and 2012, and the Coupe de France in 1981. During the club's infancy, it was league champions of the "Corsican League" 17 times. They are the local rivals of Ajaccio and contest the Derby Corse.
<Fade_to_Black_(1980_film)>	Fade to Black is a 1980 American psychological horror comedy film written and directed by Vernon Zimmerman, and starring Dennis Christopher, Eve Brent and Linda Kerridge. It also features Mickey Rourke and Peter Horton in minor roles. The plot follows a shy and lonely cinephile who embarks on a killing spree against his oppressors while impersonating classic film characters.Eric Binford is a hollow, chain smoking, socially awkward and unlikeable young man who is also an obsessed film addict whose love of old films extends far beyond his job at a Los Angeles film distributor's warehouse and endless late-night film screenings in his bedroom. For his vast knowledge, he has been bullied by his friends and family. His singular obsession eventually turns into psychosis after he crosses paths with Marilyn O'Connor, an Australian model and Marilyn Monroe lookalike who becomes the physical embodiment of his cinematic desires.After Marilyn unintentionally stands up Eric on their first date, Eric becomes homicidally unbalanced, transforming himself into a gallery of classic film characters—including Dracula, The Mummy and Hopalong Cassidy—and sets out to destroy his oppressors, starting with his abusive and crotchety, wheelchair-using, ex-dancer, Aunt Stella, pushing her wheelchair down a staircase to her death (reenacting a scene from Kiss of Death (1947)) and making this look like an accident. Eric attends her funeral dressed as Tommy Udo (Richard Widmark's role from the aforementioned film).
<University_of_North_Carolina_at_Chapel_Hill>	The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (UNC, UNC-Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, North Carolina, or simply Carolina) is a public research university in Chapel Hill, North Carolina. The flagship of the University of North Carolina system, it is considered a Public Ivy, or a public institution which offers an academic experience similar to that of an Ivy League university. After being chartered in 1789, the university first began enrolling students in 1795, making it one of the oldest public universities in the United States. Among the claimants, the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill is the only one to have held classes and graduated students as a public university in the eighteenth century.
<Bôcher_Memorial_Prize>	The Bôcher Memorial Prize was founded by the American Mathematical Society in 1923 in memory of Maxime Bôcher with an initial endowment of $1,450 (contributed by members of that society).  It is awarded every three years (formerly every five years) for a notable research work in analysis that has appeared during the past six years. The work must be published in a recognized, peer-reviewed venue. The current award is $5,000.There have been thirty-seven prize recipients. The first woman to win the award, Laure Saint-Raymond, did so in 2020. About eighty percent of the journal articles recognized since 2000 have been from Annals of Mathematics, the Journal of the American Mathematical Society, Inventiones Mathematicae, and Acta Mathematica.
<Stephen_S._Oswald>	Stephen Scot Oswald (born June 30, 1951) is an American former pilot and NASA astronaut.Born June 30, 1951, in Seattle, Washington, but considers Bellingham, Washington, to be his hometown. He graduated from Bellingham High School in 1969 and earned a Bachelor of Science degree in aerospace engineering from the United States Naval Academy in 1973.
<Tom_Conti>	Tommaso Antonio Conti (born 22 November 1941) is a Scottish actor, theatre director, and novelist. He won the Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play in 1979 for his performance in Whose Life Is It Anyway? and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for the 1983 film Reuben, Reuben.Tommaso Antonio Conti was born on 22 November 1941 in Paisley, Renfrewshire, the son of hairdressers Mary McGoldrick and Alfonso Conti. He was brought up Roman Catholic, but is now antireligious. His father was Italian, while his mother was born and raised in Scotland to Irish parents. Conti was educated at independent Catholic boys' school Hamilton Park and at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama, both in Glasgow.
<Bezeq>	Bezeq (Hebrew: בזק) is an Israeli telecommunications company. Bezeq and its subsidiaries offer a range of telecom services, including fixed-line, mobile telephony, high-speed Internet, transmission, and pay TV (via Yes).Bezeq was founded in 1984 as a government-owned corporation, taking over the provision of telephony services in Israel, which had been run directly by the Ministry of Communications. The previous system was highly bureaucratic, requiring customers to wait lengthy periods of time for a telephone line.
<Randy_Quaid>	Randy Randall Rudy Quaid (born October 1, 1950) is an American actor known for his roles in both serious drama and light comedy.He was nominated for an Academy Award, BAFTA Award and a Golden Globe Award for his role in The Last Detail in 1973. In 1978 he co-starred as a prisoner in Midnight Express. Quaid also won a Golden Globe and was nominated for an Emmy Award for his portrayal of U.S. President Lyndon Johnson in LBJ: The Early Years (1987).
<London_County_Council>	London County Council (LCC) was the principal local government body for the County of London throughout its existence from 1889 to 1965, and the first London-wide general municipal authority to be directly elected. It covered the area today known as Inner London and was replaced by the Greater London Council. The LCC was the largest, most significant and most ambitious English municipal authority of its day.By the 19th century, the City of London Corporation covered only a small fraction of metropolitan London. From 1855, the Metropolitan Board of Works (MBW) had certain powers across the metropolis, but it was appointed rather than elected. Many powers remained in the hands of traditional bodies such as parishes and the counties of Middlesex, Surrey and Kent. The creation of the LCC in 1889, as part of the Local Government Act 1888, was forced by a succession of scandals involving the MBW, and was also prompted by a general desire to create a competent government for the city, capable of strategising and delivering services effectively. While the Conservative government of the day would have preferred not to create a single body covering the whole of London, their electoral pact with Liberal Unionists led them to this policy. It was established as a provisional council on 31 January 1889 and came into its powers on 21 March 1889. Shortly after its creation a Royal Commission on the Amalgamation of the City and County of London considered the means for amalgamation with the City of London. Although this was not achieved, it led to the creation of 28 metropolitan boroughs as lower tier authorities to replace the various local vestries and boards in 1900; they assumed some powers of the LCC and shared others.
<Elliott_Cresson_Medal>	The Elliott Cresson Medal, also known as the Elliott Cresson Gold Medal, was the highest award given by the Franklin Institute. The award was established by Elliott Cresson, life member of the Franklin Institute, with $1,000 granted in 1848. The endowed award was to be "for some discovery in the Arts and Sciences, or for the invention or improvement of some useful machine, or for some new process or combination of materials in manufactures, or for ingenuity skill or perfection in workmanship." The medal was first awarded in 1875, 21 years after Cresson's death.The Franklin Institute continued awarding the medal on an occasional basis until 1998 when they reorganized their endowed awards under one umbrella, The Benjamin Franklin Awards. A total of 268 Elliott Cresson Medals were given out during the award's lifetime.
<Baltimore_City_Hall>	Baltimore City Hall is the official seat of government of the City of Baltimore, in the State of Maryland. The City Hall houses the offices of the Mayor and those of the City Council of Baltimore. The building also hosts the city Comptroller, some various city departments, agencies and boards/commissions along with the historic chambers of the Baltimore City Council. Situated on a city block bounded by East Lexington Street on the north, Guilford Avenue (formerly North Street) on the west, East Fayette Street on the south and North Holliday Street with City Hall Plaza and the War Memorial Plaza to the east, the six-story structure was designed by the then 22-year-old new architect, George Aloysius Frederick (1842–1924) in the Second Empire style, a Baroque revival, with prominent Mansard roofs with richly-framed dormers, and two floors of a repeating Serlian window motif over an urbanely rusticated basement.In its early years, Baltimore city government met in a series of buildings that it purchased or leased, including the Maryland Insurance Company building on South Street from 1801 to approximately 1812; the Baltimore Dancing Assembly Rooms at the northeast corner of Holliday and East Streets (later Fayette Street) from 1818 to 1823; the Baltimore Exchange Company from 1823 to 1830; and Peale's Baltimore Museum and Gallery of Fine Arts from 1830 until city government moved into the new City Hall in the spring of 1875. At the laying of the cornerstone for the new building on October 18, 1867, speaker John H.B. Latrobe noted of the museum location that "the First Branch held its sessions in what was formerly the very modest picture gallery of Peale's Museum, and the Second Branch succeeded a collection of stuffed animals in an adjacent room."The building's cornerstone was laid on the southeastern corner of the new municipal structure (on the northwestern corner of Fayette and Holliday Streets) in October, 1867 (with a famous historical photograph taken of the ceremony) audience stands and crowds from overhead on East Fayette Street with the east side of Holliday Street visible behind the stands showing the famed Holliday Street Theatre, where on November 12, 1814, the new poem by Francis Scott Key, (1779–1843), "The Defence of Fort McHenry" was first performed on the stage and next door (to the north), Prof. Knapp's School (attended by famed writer/author/editor H. L. Mencken in the 1880s) and the townhouses where the Loyola College and Loyola High School were founded in 1852, just to the left (south) next to the theatre was the vacant lot formerly housing the Theatre Tavern where the new song the Star-Spangled Banner was often sung to the merriment of all [later the CHS/BCC playground], and the edge of the old "Assembly-Rooms" social/concert/dance hall for the elite that later was home to the Central High School of Baltimore (later the Baltimore City College, 1843–1873), when the Theatre and School perished in a large famous fire. The massive new "pile" of a City Hall, acclaimed by many throughout the nation, was officially dedicated on October 25, 1875, $200,000 under-budget from its $2.5 million appropriation, amazingly and proudly in those "Robber Baron" Gilded Age times of the 19th Century.
<Erika_Mann>	Erika Julia Hedwig Mann (9 November 1905 – 27 August 1969) was a German actress and writer, daughter of the novelist Thomas Mann.Erika lived a bohemian lifestyle in Berlin and became a critic of National Socialism. After Hitler came to power in 1933, she moved to Switzerland, and married the poet W. H. Auden, purely to obtain a British passport and so avoid becoming stateless when the Germans cancelled her citizenship. She continued to attack Nazism, most notably with her 1938 book School for Barbarians, a critique of the Nazi education system.
<Takashi_Nishiyama>	Takashi Nishiyama (Japanese: 西山隆志), sometimes credited as Piston Takashi, Nishiyama or T. Nishiyama, is a Japanese video game designer, director and producer who worked for Irem, Capcom and SNK before founding his own company Dimps. He is best known for developing Kung-Fu Master, Street Fighter, and Fatal Fury.Takashi Nishiyama started his career at Irem. He worked on the game design of the 1982 scrolling shooter Moon Patrol, one of the first games with parallax scrolling. He was also the designer of Kung-Fu Master (1984), called Spartan X in Japan. It is based on two Hong Kong martial arts films: the Jackie Chan and Sammo Hung film Wheels on Meals (1984), called Spartan X in Japan, and especially the Bruce Lee film Game of Death (1972). Kung-Fu Master is considered the first beat 'em up game, becoming the prototype for most subsequent martial arts games in the late 1980s. The NES port, Kung Fu, was programmed by a Nintendo team under the direction of Shigeru Miyamoto, later influencing his work on Super Mario Bros. (1985).During the development of Kung-Fu Master, Nishiyama was invited to join Capcom by its founder Kenzo Tsujimoto, after he had left Irem. He eventually decided to leave Irem and join Capcom before the game was complete. Following its release, Nishiyama was hired by Capcom. He designed an arcade successor for Capcom, Trojan (1986), which evolved the basic gameplay concepts of Kung-Fu Master. The NES port included a one-on-one fighting mode, for the first time in a Capcom game. He then came up with the concept for a game centered entirely around the boss fights in Kung-Fu Master. This led to his creation of the Street Fighter fighting game franchise. Along with Hiroshi Matsumoto, he directed the original Street Fighter (1987). He created the special moves for Ryu called "Hadouken", which he says was inspired by an energy missile attack from the 1970s anime series Space Battleship Yamato. He then left Capcom and did not return to work on the sequel Street Fighter II: The World Warrior.
<Till_Death_Us_Do_Part>	Till Death Us Do Part is a British television sitcom that aired on BBC1 from 1965 to 1975. The show was first broadcast in 1965 as a Comedy Playhouse pilot, then as seven series between 1966 and 1975. In 1981, ITV continued the sitcom for six episodes, calling it Till Death.... The BBC produced a sequel from 1985 until 1992, In Sickness and in Health.Created by Johnny Speight, Till Death Us Do Part centred on the East End Garnett family, led by patriarch Alf Garnett (Warren Mitchell), a reactionary white working-class man who holds racist and anti-socialist views. His long-suffering wife Else was played by Dandy Nichols, and his daughter Rita by Una Stubbs. Rita's husband Mike Rawlins (Anthony Booth) is a socialist "layabout" from Liverpool who frequently locks horns with Garnett. Alf Garnett became a well-known character in British culture, and Mitchell played him on stage and television until Speight's death in 1998.
<Victor_Sutherland>	Victor Sutherland (February 28, 1889 – August 29, 1968) was an American stage, film, and television actor.Born in Paducah, Kentucky, Sutherland worked on stage and in motion pictures from the 1910s through the 1950s, when he also acted on television, including several episodes of Perry Mason. He was also in the original cast of the 1939 hit play Arsenic and Old Lace.[citation needed] At age 19, Sutherland acted in a production of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde for 25 weeks.Sutherland made films for Fox Film Corporation, among other studios, and he acted in stock theater.
<Michael_Saucedo>	Michael Saucedo (born July 11, 1970)[citation needed] is an American actor  best known for his role  on the soap opera General Hospital from 1999 until 2001, and he briefly returned in 2013 and 2014. He is also a musician and published author known for the "Liberty Strong" series.He is of Hispanic and Irish descent. After his parents divorced, Saucedo was raised by his mother. Saucedo has one brother and six half-siblings. They moved from Los Angeles to Grants Pass, Oregon, where he attended high school and was elected student body president. He joined garage bands in high school and showed no interest in acting. Saucedo attended Carleton College in Northfield, Minnesota and attained a B.A. in African-American studies.After graduation, not knowing what to do with his life, he decided to act[citation needed] and returned to Los Angeles. He married General Hospital star Rebecca Herbst (who currently plays Elizabeth Webber) in June 2001. They have three children: Ethan Riley (born October 31, 2001), Ella Bailey (born April 12, 2004), and Emerson Truett (born August 9, 2010).  He also has a son from a previous relationship, Elijah Saucedo (born October 5, 1996).
<Perica_Stančeski>	Perica Stančeski (Macedonian: Перица Станчески; born 29 January 1985) is a Macedonian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.After coming through the youth system at Partizan, Stančeski was sent out on loan to Hajduk Beograd in 2003. He later also played on loan for Teleoptik in the Serbian League Belgrade and Bežanija in the Serbian SuperLiga. His only appearance for Partizan came in the 2005–06 season.
<Ricardo_Lancaster-Jones_y_Verea>	Ricardo Lancaster-Jones y Verea, MA BE KHS (9 February 1905 – 20 January 1983) was a Mexican historian, diplomat, scholar, professor, art collector and sugarcane entrepreneur who made significant contributions toward the study of the haciendas of the State of Jalisco (Mexico) in the twentieth century. He spoke Spanish, English, French, Italian and Latin fluently. He authored and published numerous articles for newspapers and specialized magazines in Mexico, South America, Spain, United Kingdom and United States. His enthusiasm for history led him to become a professor of Regional History at the Faculty of Philosophy and Letters of Universidad Autónoma de Guadalajara in 1965. Later on, in 1973, he earned his MA degree in Latin American Studies at the University of New Mexico. He is especially mentioned by Mexican academics Mauricio Beuchot (2001)  and José María Murià (2003) as an early historian of the haciendas in Western Mexico.His published biographical notes were written by:Since 2005 his name has been listed among the Illustrious People (Personajes Ilustres) of the State of Jalisco at its official webpage as: Ricardo Lancaster Jones y Verea (1905–1983). Ingeniero, diplomático, catedrático.
<Doncaster_Rovers_F.C.>	Doncaster Rovers Football Club is a professional association football club based in Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England. The team compete in League Two, the fourth tier of the English football league system. The club play their home games at The Keepmoat Stadium, having moved from Belle Vue in 2007. Their home strip consists of red and white hoops, which has been the main design of the club's home shirt since 2001 through different variations. Rovers often sport a third kit each season promoting mental health charity Campaign Against Living Miserably (CALM), with proceeds of the particular home games being donated to said charity.The club was founded in 1879 and turned professional six years later, moving to the Intake Ground. They entered the Midland League in 1891 and were elected into the Football League in 1901. The club lost re-election votes in 1903 and 1905 and so returned to the Midland League. They were admitted into the Football League for a third and final time in 1923 and went on to win the Third Division North in 1934–35. The club won two further Third Division North titles in 1946–47 and 1949–50, having been relegated from the Second Division in 1937 and 1948. Doncaster found themselves in the Fourth Division after suffering successive relegations in 1958 and 1959, though would win the Fourth Division title in 1965–66 and 1968–69. The club continued to move between the third and fourth tiers, winning promotions in 1980–81 and 1983–84 and relegations in 1983 and 1988, before suffering relegation into non-League football in 1998.
<Alfa_Romeo_156>	The Alfa Romeo 156 (Type 932) is a compact executive car produced by the Italian automobile manufacturer Alfa Romeo. It was introduced at the 1997 Frankfurt Motor Show as the replacement for the Alfa Romeo 155. The 156 received a positive reception and in the following year went on to win the 1998 European Car of the Year award. The 156 saloon was discontinued in Europe late in 2005, while the Q4 Crosswagon continued in production until the end of 2007.Cars were assembled at the Fiat Group factory in Pomigliano d'Arco, Italy and at a General Motors facility in Rayong, Thailand. Production in Thailand began in March 2002 and ran for only a couple of years. The cars produced there were targeted for the Asia-Pacific markets. Between 1996 and 2007, 673,435 units of the 156 were produced.
<Teresa_Aquino-Oreta>	Maria Teresa Aquino-Oreta (born Maria Teresa Aquino Aquino; June 28, 1944 – May 14, 2020), better known as Tessie Aquino-Oreta, was a Filipina politician. She was the chairperson of the Senate Committee on Education, Arts and Culture in the 11th Congress.She was born on June 28, 1944 to Benigno Aquino, Sr. and Aurora Aquino-Aquino. She was the youngest of the Aquino children of Tarlac. Her siblings included Ninoy Aquino, who was assassinated in 1983.Aquino-Oreta attended primary school at the College of the Holy Spirit in Mendiola and high school at Assumption Convent. She graduated with a degree in Literature and History from Assumption Convent (now Assumption College); she received her International Studies degree in Ciudad Ducal, Avila, Spain. She completed her master's degree at the National Security Administration from the National Defense College of the Philippines, earning the rank of Lieutenant Colonel (Reserve) in the Philippine Air Force.
<Alex_Bruce_(footballer,_born_1984)>	Alex Stephen Bruce (born 28 September 1984) is a former professional footballer who played as a defender or defensive midfielder. The son of the former Manchester United defender Steve Bruce, he has played for Oldham Athletic, Sheffield Wednesday, Tranmere Rovers, Ipswich Town, Leicester City, Leeds United, Huddersfield Town, Hull City, Wigan Athletic, Bury, Kilmarnock and Macclesfield.Born and raised in England, Bruce has played twice for the Northern Ireland national team, for which he declared himself available in 2011 and made his debut in 2013. He had previously made two appearances for the Republic of Ireland in 2007–08, but was allowed to switch under FIFA eligibility rules as these had been in friendly matches.
<The_Concubine_(novel)>	The Concubine is the debut novel by Nigerian writer Elechi Amadi originally published in 1966 as part of the Heinemann African Writers Series.Set in a remote village in Eastern Nigeria, an area yet to be affected by European values and where society is orderly and predictable, the story concerns a woman "of great beauty and dignity" who inadvertently brings suffering and death to all her lovers.The novel portrays a society still ruled by traditional gods, offering a glimpse into the human relationships that such a society creates.
<Elinor_Kershaw>	Elinor Kershaw, also known as Nell and Elinor K. Ince, (November 19, 1884 – September 12, 1971) was an American stage and motion-picture actress; wife of Hollywood Mogul Thomas H. Ince, and mother of actor Richard Ince and writer Thomas H. Ince Jr. Her older sister was the stage actress Willette Kershaw. She built the Château Élysée in Los Angeles as a luxury long-term residential apartment house for movie stars.She married actor Holmes Herbert in 1930; they later divorced.
<Jules_Massenet>	Jules Émile Frédéric Massenet (French pronunciation: ​[ʒyl emil fʁedeʁik masnɛ]; 12 May 1842 – 13 August 1912) was a French composer of the Romantic era best known for his operas, of which he wrote more than thirty. The two most frequently staged are Manon (1884) and Werther (1892). He also composed oratorios, ballets, orchestral works, incidental music, piano pieces, songs and other music.While still a schoolboy, Massenet was admitted to France's principal music college, the Paris Conservatoire. There he studied under Ambroise Thomas, whom he greatly admired. After winning the country's top musical prize, the Prix de Rome, in 1863, he composed prolifically in many genres, but quickly became best known for his operas. Between 1867 and his death forty-five years later he wrote more than forty stage works in a wide variety of styles, from opéra-comique to grand-scale depictions of classical myths, romantic comedies, lyric dramas, as well as oratorios, cantatas and ballets. Massenet had a good sense of the theatre and of what would succeed with the Parisian public. Despite some miscalculations, he produced a series of successes that made him the leading composer of opera in France in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
<Vincent_Wong_(Hong_Kong_actor)>	StarHub TVB Awards – My Favourite TVB Supporting Actor2015 Tomorrow is Another DayMy Favourite TVB Actor2017 Legal Mavericks Vincent Wong Ho Shun (Chinese: 王浩信, born 7 July 1983) is a Hong Kong actor and singer currently contracted to TVB and Shaw Brothers Pictures.
<Tom_Cornsweet>	Tom Norman Cornsweet (April 29, 1929 – November 11, 2017) was an American experimental psychologist known for his pioneering work in visual perception, especially the effect that bears his name, and in the development of ophthalmic instrumentation.Cornsweet is known for documenting the effect that bears his name in the 1960s. Prior to his work on this particular optical illusion, Cornsweet graduated from Cornell University and enrolled in a graduate program at Brown University, operating in the vision research laboratory of Lorrin A. Riggs. During his graduate studies he was co-author of an early paper describing stabilized images. His 1955 Ph.D. dissertation in experimental psychology involved small movements of the eye. Cornsweet was an assistant professor at Yale University from 1955–1959, and then became professor of psychology at the University of California, Berkeley. His interest in psychophysics led him to develop a widely employed improvement in the staircase method. As an outgrowth of the courses he taught, Cornsweet published a frequently-cited textbook.In the late 1960s and early 1970s, Cornsweet was a key member of the Bioinformation Systems Group at the Stanford Research Institute (SRI). While also teaching in the psychology department at Stanford University, he designed or co-designed several innovative instruments for measuring properties of the eye, including eyetrackers, auto-refractors, and optical fundus scanners. He left SRI to become Chief Scientist at Acuity Systems of Reston Virginia, where he developed the first commercial auto-refractor in 1973. It gave the objective reading of the  refractive index of the eye in one second, saving practitioners up to 15 minutes a patient. This saved the Ophthalmologist more than an hour a day on average, immediately adding a huge productivity and income boost. Acuity Systems introduced the worlds first Auto-refractor and sold approximately 3000 world wide between 1975 and 1979 before it was bought by Simmons Instruments Inc. Many copies followed made by Coherent Radiation of California, Nidek of Japan and others. All versions of the Auto-refractor sold are estimated to total $15bn as the instrument is now universally commonplace in the Optometrist and Ophthalmologist workplaces. The Auto-refractor saved sight in many cases. One of many such instances occurred in Sydney Australia when a severely myopic patient, blind because the closest his expert optometrist could come to prescribing spectacles was 5.75 diopter sphere, 3.75 diopter cylinder at an incorrect angle, and the Auto-refractor immediately six times indicated a prescription of 15.75D sphere x 5.75D cylinder at 108 degrees. The patient was seen leaving the practise and heard proclaiming “I can see, I can see!”Multiple thousands of such instances occurred worldwide. A device to measure the refractive index of spectacle lenses, the Auto-lensmeter was also a commercial success in parallel with the Auto-refractor.In the 1980’s Tom Cornsweet developed a number of devices including one which measured the density of cataracts, ESA, the Eye System Analyser, which in a 30 second eye test determined presence of diseases of the nervous or muscular system such as MS 15 years before its noticeable onset, Hopkinson disease two years before onset and many other diseases.An industrial version, FIT 2000, first installations worldwide implemented in the coal mines of Queensland Australia, and later in mines of Chile, resulted in huge safety gains in the workplace, detecting immediately up to 5% of the workforce were participating in sleep deprivation activity, drug taking, prescription medication overuse and alcohol abuse. After a 36 second daily eye test and a ten day baseline was established, it was very easy to determine the presence of drugs, which drugs, alcohol, lack of sleep, and, after medical referral, diseases such as Narcolepsy, Brain diseases and damage. The FIT2000, sold and manufactured by PMI of Rockville, Maryland has also been installed worldwide into Armed forces for such things as fatigue detection in pilots and soldiers required to undertake military activities with severe sleep deprivation over many days. Cornsweet continued to invent devices for measuring various properties of the eye and also to teach, first at the Baylor College of Medicine and later at the University of California, Irvine. He served as Vice President of research and development for Sensory Technologies from 1994 to 1997. In 1999 Cornsweet retired from UC–Irvine and co-founded Visual Pathways, where his team developed an automated retinal imaging system intended for the diagnoses of glaucoma, cataracts, diabetic retinopathy and macular degeneration. Visual Pathways folded into the Brien Holden Vision Institute after several years and successfully installing 24 breakthrough 3D fundus cameras, where from 2013 to 2015, Tom Cornsweet was Chief Scientist at Brien Holden Vision Diagnostics (formerly Quantum Catch), a company developing very low-cost ophthalmic 3D fundus cameras and instruments for detection and monitoring of eye, brain and muscle disease primarily and principally for 3rd world countries which could not afford available instrumentation.Until his death in 2017, Cornsweet was Professor of Cognitive Science, Electrical and Computer Engineering, and Ophthalmology, Emeritus, University of California, Irvine.
<Dil_Dosti_Duniyadari>	Dil Dosti Duniyadari is a Marathi television sitcom produced by Sanjay Jadhav and Deepak Rane. It started airing on Zee Marathi from 9 March 2015 and also digitally available on ZEE5. It revolves around six friends living as paying guests in Mumbai with the home owner's nephew Sujay, in a house they affectionately call "Mazghar". The serial's first season concluded on 20 February 2016. The series second season, Dil Dosti Dobara, was a reboot sequel.Dil Dosti Duniyadari is a journey of six friends, all of different shades and colours. Meenal, Anna, Reshma, Sujay, Kaivalya and Ashutosh not only share the same flat but also share their lives with each other. All of them have come to Mumbai with a reason of their own. When destiny brings them together, it becomes a mad man’s world to live in. Each day brings about a new set of fun-filled expeditions for them. No matter how bad the situation is they always stand by each other. The life in this house is no less than a roller coaster ride of emotions. These six individuals have now found family away from family. From here begins a journey of evolving relationships, changing dreams, heartbreaks, countless moments of pain and joy. But most of all an unending journey of lifelong friendship.
<Xu_Lai_(actress)>	Xu Lai (Chinese: 徐来; Wade–Giles: Hsü Lai; 1909 – 4 April 1973) was a Chinese film actress, socialite, and World War II secret agent. Known as the "Standard Beauty", she was active in the film industry for only three years, and quit acting after the suicide of the great star Ruan Lingyu in 1935. Her first husband was Li Jinhui, the "Father of Chinese pop music".During the Second Sino-Japanese War, Xu and her second husband, Lieutenant General Tang Shengming, ostensibly served under the Japanese-controlled Nanking puppet regime, but secretly worked as agents for the Republic of China resistance based in Chungking.
<Josef_von_Halban>	Josef von Halban (10 October 1870 – 23 April 1937) was an Austrian obstetrician and gynecologist. He was the husband of opera singer Selma Kurz (1874–1933).Born to a Jewish family, originally surnamed Blumenstock, in 1894, he obtained his medical doctorate at Vienna, where from 1898 to 1903, he worked as an assistant under Friedrich Schauta. In 1903 he became privat-docent for OB/GYN, becoming an associate professor in 1909.From 1910 to 1937, he was director of gynecology at the Wiedner Spital [de] in Vienna.
<Enco_Malindi>	Enco Malindi (born 15 January 1987) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a forward.Malindi is not common surname among Albanian people, though it's more common surname among black Africans. Enco Malindi was being born to a foreign mother (presumably Italian or Bulgarian) and Albanian father.
<The_Unit>	The Unit is an American action-drama television series created by David Mamet that aired on CBS from March 7, 2006, to May 10, 2009 with the total of four seasons and 69 episodes. The series focuses on a top-secret military unit modeled after the real-life U.S. Army special operations unit commonly known as Delta Force.On May 19, 2009, CBS cancelled the series after four seasons.
<Jack_Albertson>	Harold Albertson (June 16, 1907 – November 25, 1981), known professionally as Jack Albertson, was an American actor, comedian, dancer and singer who also performed in vaudeville. Albertson was a Tony, Oscar, and Emmy winning actor. For his performance as John Cleary in the 1964 play The Subject Was Roses and its 1968 film adaptation, he won the Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Play, and the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. His other notable roles include Grandpa Joe in Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory (1971), Manny Rosen in The Poseidon Adventure (1972), and Ed Brown in the television sitcom Chico and the Man (1974–78), for which he won an Emmy. For his contributions to the television industry, Albertson was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 1977 at 6253 Hollywood Boulevard.Albertson was born on June 16, 1907, in Malden, Massachusetts, the son of Russian-Jewish immigrants Flora (née Craft) and Leopold Albertson. His older sister was actress Mabel Albertson. Albertson's mother, a stock actress, supported the family by working in a shoe factory.  Until the age of 22, Albertson was known as "Harold Albertson". His father abandoned his mother before Jack was born, and the boy was raised by his stepfather, Alex Erlich, a barber.
<Luigi_Pirandello>	Luigi Pirandello (Italian: [luˈiːdʒi piranˈdɛllo]; 28 June 1867 – 10 December 1936) was an Italian dramatist, novelist, poet, and short story writer whose greatest contributions were his plays. He was awarded the 1934 Nobel Prize in Literature for "his almost magical power to turn psychological analysis into good theatre." Pirandello's works include novels, hundreds of short stories, and about 40 plays, some of which are written in Sicilian. Pirandello's tragic farces are often seen as forerunners of the Theatre of the Absurd.Pirandello was born into an upper-class family in an area called "Caos" ("Chaos" in Italian, but in Sicilian dialect lit. "Trouser", from the shape of a nearby ravine), near Porto Empedocle, a poor suburb of Girgenti (Agrigento, a town in southern Sicily). His father, Stefano, belonged to a wealthy family involved in the sulphur industry, and his mother, Caterina Ricci Gramitto, was also of a well-to-do background, descending from a family of the bourgeois professional class of Agrigento. Both families, the Pirandellos and the Ricci Gramittos, were ferociously anti-Bourbon and actively participated in the struggle for unification and democracy ("Il Risorgimento"). Stefano participated in the famous Expedition of the Thousand, later following Garibaldi all the way to the battle of Aspromonte, and Caterina, who had hardly reached the age of thirteen, was forced to accompany her father to Malta, where he had been sent into exile by the Bourbon monarchy. But the open participation in the Garibaldian cause and the strong sense of idealism of those early years were quickly transformed, above all in Caterina, into an angry and bitter disappointment with the new reality created by the unification. Pirandello would eventually assimilate this sense of betrayal and resentment and express it in several of his poems and in his novel The Old and the Young. It is also probable that this climate of disillusion inculcated in the young Luigi the sense of disproportion between ideals and reality which is recognizable in his essay on humorism (L'Umorismo). 
<Mystery_Fun_House>	Mystery Fun House was an attraction complex in Orlando, Florida, United States. It was founded with the help of David A. Siegel on March 28, 1976, and operated through February 18, 2001. Located near International Drive on Major Boulevard across from Universal Orlando Resort, the fun house expanded over time to include a laser-tag facility, an arcade, a dinosaur-themed mini golf course, and other attractions.The former lobby of the Fun House was a Westgate Resorts check-in center. Parts of the building and all of Starbase Omega was destroyed due to Hurricane Irma. The building left of the actual funhouse and all of the mini golf course has been demolished.The Fun House consisted of 15 areas called "chambers", including a mirror maze, a rolling barrel, crawl-through tunnels, scary jail areas, a moving bridge and a crooked room. In the early days, there was a multiplex movie theater, a hologram machine, a Disco room with a lighted dance floor, and a wall-sized "computer" that could read patrons' handwriting and provide fortunes. There was also a show about three quarters of the way through the Fun House with music, lights, special effects and a video of the Wizard projected on a large screen.
<Inspector_Morse>	Detective Chief Inspector Endeavour Morse, GM, is the eponymous fictional character in the series of detective novels by British author Colin Dexter. On television, he appears in the 33-episode drama series Inspector Morse (1987–2000), in which John Thaw played the character, as well as the (2012–2022) prequel series Endeavour, portrayed by Shaun Evans. The older Morse is a senior CID (Criminal Investigation Department) officer with the Thames Valley Police in Oxford in England and, in the prequel, Morse is a young detective constable rising through the ranks with the Oxford City Police and in later series the Thames Valley Police.Morse presents, to some, a reasonably sympathetic personality, despite his sullen and snobbish temperament, with a classic Jaguar Mark 2 (a Lancia in the early novels), a thirst for English real ale, and a love of classical music (especially opera and Wagner), poetry, art and cryptic crossword puzzles. In his later career he is usually assisted by Sergeant Robbie Lewis. Morse's partnership and formal friendship with Lewis is fundamental to the series.
<Christine_Bergmann>	Christine Bergmann (born 7 September 1939) is a German politician (SPD).She grew up in East Germany, embarking on a public political career only at the time of German reunification.   During the final months of the German Democratic Republic she served as president of the East Berlin City Council [de].   Moving from city politics to national politics, between 1998 and 2002 she served under Chancellor Gerhard Schröder as Minister for Family, Senior Citizens, Women, and Youth.   More recently, in 2016 she was appointed a member of the Independent Commission for Dealing with Sexual Abuse of Children ("Unabhängige Kommission zur Aufarbeitung sexuellen Kindesmissbrauchs"), having served as the full-time commissioner during 2010/2011.Christine Bergmann, a twin, was born in Dresden. The three siblings with whom she grew up were all brothers. She passed her school final exams ("Abitur") in 1957 and enrolled at Leipzig University (then known as "Karl Marx University") in Leipzig to study Pharmacy. She passed the relevant exams in 1963 after which, till 1967, she worked as a pharmacist in East Berlin.
<Steven_Spielberg>	Steven Allan Spielberg KBE (/ˈspiːlbɜːrɡ/; born December 18, 1946) is an American director, writer, and producer. A major figure of the New Hollywood era and pioneer of the modern blockbuster, he is the most commercially successful director of all time. Spielberg is the recipient of various accolades, including three Academy Awards, a Kennedy Center honor, a Cecil B. DeMille Award, and an AFI Life Achievement Award. Seven of his films been inducted into the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress.Spielberg was born in Cincinnati, Ohio, and grew up in Phoenix, Arizona. He moved to California and studied film in college. After directing several episodes for television including Night Gallery and Columbo, he directed the television film Duel (1971) which gained acclaim from critics and audiences. He made his directorial film debut with The Sugarland Express (1974), and became a household name with the 1975 summer blockbuster Jaws. He then directed box office successes Close Encounters of the Third Kind (1977), E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial (1982), and the Indiana Jones series. Spielberg explored drama in The Color Purple (1985) and Empire of the Sun (1987).
<Susan_Backlinie>	Susan Jane Backlinie (born September 1, 1946) is an American former actress and stuntwoman. She is known for her role as Chrissie Watkins, the first shark victim in Steven Spielberg's blockbuster Jaws (1975).Along with being a stuntwoman specializing in swimming work, she was an animal trainer. She currently works as a computer accountant in her home of Ventura, California.Backlinie's appearance in Jaws took three days to shoot, with Backlinie strapped into a harness while the crew struggled to get the desired effects. Backlinie also appeared in Spielberg's film 1941 parodying her role in Jaws. Instead of being attacked by a shark during a midnight swim, she's "picked up" by the periscope of a Japanese submarine. The scene has been described as the best joke in what is otherwise widely considered one of Spielberg's least successful films. Backlinie also appeared in the 1977 film Day of the Animals, regarded by some as a Jaws clone about nature gone bad.
<Three_Days_of_Rain>	Three Days of Rain is a play by Richard Greenberg that was commissioned and produced by South Coast Repertory in 1997. The title comes from a line from W. S. Merwin's poem, "For the Anniversary of My Death" (1967). The play has often been called Stoppardian but Greenberg says he wasn't aware of Stoppard's work before he wrote the play but instead claims 1967 BBC series The Forsyte Saga was a much greater influence. Three Days of Rain was nominated for the 1998 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.Walker and his sister Nan meet in an unoccupied studio in lower Manhattan in 1995. Walker, who had disappeared the day after his father's funeral, now months later is living in this apartment where his father Ned Janeway and business partner, Theo Wexler, once lived and worked designing the famous "Janeway House". Walker has found their father's journal and attempts to use it to understand the relationship between Ned and Theo.  Nan and Walker's childhood friend Pip (Theo's son) meets with them after the reading of Ned's Will, where the three have learned that Janeway House was left to Pip rather than Ned's children. Walker is furious and accuses Pip of "working on" Ned to bequeath him the house. Pip denies this and protests that he does not understand why the house was not left to Nan and Walker as next of kin. Pip reveals that he doesn't even like the house, which prompts another tirade in Walker. Fed up with Walker's ranting, Pip fights back at Walker verbally.  Pip accuses Walker of having been secretly in love with him for 18 years and reveals that he (Pip) and Nan were secretly sleeping with one another (behind Walker's back) when they were young. Walker runs off into the night. Pip says he may have gone too far and agrees with Nan to sell Walker the house. Nan tries to find Walker to tell him.  Distraught when unable to find him, Nan decides to stay at the studio until he returns. After Walker returns, Nan apologizes and the two of them continue to parse Ned's concise and mysterious journal which opens with the entry: "1960, April 3–5. Three days of rain". Walker believes he's found a confession from Ned, hidden within the pages of the book, to the effect that Ned took credit for Theo's work on the house after Theo's death in 1966. Nan does not accept this interpretation but acquiesces to calm her brother. She tells Walker that Pip would sell him the house, but Walker's new-found "revelation" changes his mind about wanting it.  Walker burns the diary, much to Nan's chagrin.The second act shifts to an earlier time, with the same three actors portraying members of the previous generation in the same studio apartment, during April 1960 when Janeway House was designed. The actor portraying Walker becoming Walker's father Ned, the actor portraying Pip becoming Pip's father Theo, and the actor portraying Nan becoming Nan and Walker's mother, Lina. The assumptions made in the first half about the parents are shown to be wildly inaccurate. Ned is not the callous, silent patriarch he seemed to the children. Instead he is a shy stutterer, who, while an immensely talented architect, has trouble making eye contact or holding a conversation with anyone. Theo is revealed to be a charismatic man, more concerned with fame and the idea of art, than the creation of any original art itself. Lina, a bohemian southern belle, is dating Theo and their arguments are loud enough to inform the entire neighborhood. Theo and Ned attempt to design a house commissioned by Ned's parents, but Ned recognizes Theo's design as plagiarizing an existing house. Ned and Theo fight, and Theo leaves for a few days to try to work in solitude.
<Burn_(novella)>	"Burn" is a science fiction novella published in 2005 by James Patrick Kelly.  It won the 2007 Nebula Award for Best Novella.The story follows Prosper Gregory Leung, a farmer who has been recruited to help fight forest fires on his home planet of Walden. After being injured in the line of duty, he is sent to recover in a hospital. There, he ends up contacting the High Gregory, a young ruler on the planet Kenning. In the course of talking with the High Gregory, Spur unknowingly brings the young "luck maker" and several other young diplomats to Walden.
<Daniel_de_Oliveira_(actor)>	Daniel de Oliveira (born 19 June 1977) is a Brazilian actor.He was married to Brazilian actress Vanessa Giácomo from 2004 to 2012. They have two children. In 2014, he began dating actress Sophie Charlotte. They married in 2015 and have one son.
<Lucas_Trecarichi>	Lucas Ezequiel Trecarichi Loiácono (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈlukas trekaˈritʃi]; born 12 February 1991) is an Argentine footballer who plays mainly as a left winger.Born in Béccar, Buenos Aires Province, Trecarichi began his career at Club Atlético River Plate, being released in December 2004. In January of the following year, one month before his 14th birthday, he joined CD Leganés, moving to Spain with his parents and soon attracting interest from several clubs in Europe, which prompted the Madrid side to sign him to a five-year contract with a €3 million clause; he often trained with the main squad, but played only with the B-team.In 2007, the youngster signed for Sevilla FC – as Arsenal was also interested– playing two seasons with the reserves in the second division with little success. Subsequently, Trecarichi was loaned to Club Atlético Huracán for six months, making his top flight debut on 3 September 2009 by coming on as a substitute in a 0–2 loss against Atlético Tucumán; on 7 October he scored his first and only goal for them, in a 2–2 draw at Club Atlético Tigre.
<Solihull_Moors_F.C.>	Solihull Moors Football Club is a professional football club based in Solihull, West Midlands, England. The club currently competes in the National League, the fifth tier of the English football league system, after achieving promotion from the National League North in the 2015–16 season.The club was founded in 2007 by the merger of Moor Green (founded in 1901) and Solihull Borough (founded in 1953). The Moors entered the Conference North, the sixth tier of English football in 2007 where they remained until their promotion in 2016 under Marcus Bignot. After avoiding relegation in 2016–17 and 2017–18, the Moors narrowly missed out on promotion to League Two for the first time in their history by finishing in 2nd place. Solihull Moors play their home matches at Damson Park.
<Pearl_White>	Pearl Fay White (March 4, 1889 – August 4, 1938) was an American stage and film actress. She began her career on the stage at the age of six, and later moved on to silent films appearing in a number of popular serials.Dubbed the "Queen of the Serials", White was noted for doing the majority of her own stunts, most notably in The Perils of Pauline. Often cast as a plucky onscreen heroine, White's roles directly contrasted those of the popularized archetypal ingénue.
<Whitman_College>	Whitman College is a private liberal arts college in Walla Walla, Washington. The school offers 53 majors and 33 minors in the liberal arts and sciences, and it has a student-to-faculty ratio of 9:1. Whitman was the first college in the Pacific Northwest to install a Phi Beta Kappa chapter, and the first in the U.S. to require comprehensive exams for graduation. Alumni have received 1 Nobel Prize in physics, 1 Presidential Medal of Freedom, 7 Rhodes Scholarships, 1 Marshall Scholarship, 50 Watson Fellowships, and 93 Fulbright Fellowships.Founded as a seminary by a territorial legislative charter in 1859, the school became a four-year degree-granting institution in 1882 and abandoned its religious affiliation in 1907. It is accredited by the Northwest Association of Schools and Colleges and competes athletically in the NCAA Division III Northwest Conference. Distinguished alumni include Nobel laureate Walter Brattain (inventor of the transistor), William O. Douglas (U.S. Supreme Court Justice from 1939 to 1975), NASA astronaut Dorothy Metcalf-Lindenburger, inventor of the time projection chamber David R. Nygren, Ryan Crocker (U.S. ambassador and Medal of Freedom recipient), actor and first alumnus with a Hollywood Walk of Fame star Adam West, and Neil Kornze director of the Bureau of Land Management.
<Penda's_Way_railway_station>	Penda's Way railway station was a railway station on the Cross Gates–Wetherby line at the eastern edge of Cross Gates in West Yorkshire.  The station opened on 5 June 1939 to serve a new housing estate and was named after a nearby battle where King Penda was killed. It closed on 6 January 1964 together with the line and has been demolished entirely.The station was intended to serve the increasing commuter traffic in the area. Its platforms, which were both 120 yards (110 m) long, and the waiting rooms, had been constructed of wood. A lattice footbridge connected the northern ends of the platforms. The station was staffed and handled parcels as well as baskets of homing pigeons, but it had no freight facilities.
<Cha_In-pyo>	Cha In-pyo (Korean: 차인표; born October 14, 1967) is a South Korean actor.Cha graduated from Rutgers University in the U.S. with a degree in economics. His father ran a shipping company and had intended for Cha to take over the family business.Cha had dreamed of becoming an actor since he was a teenager, so he auditioned for General's Son, but at the recommendation of his parents, he went to the U.S. with his mother to study. After working at Hanjin Shipping for several years, he quit his job to pursue acting full-time. In 1993 he joined MBC and made his debut in the television series Under the Same Roof (ko) before enlisting and completing his mandatory military service. His major breakthrough came in the 1997 television series Star in My Heart, one of the first Korean dramas to be broadcast overseas and widely acknowledged to be the "first generation" of the Korean Wave, earning him public recognition. In 2004 he starred in the SBS romantic-mystery drama Hong Kong Express. While the drama did not garner as much attention, the scene in which his character expresses his rage by furiously brushing his teeth in front of the bathroom mirror became iconic and was often parodied by comedians or used as a meme on Korean variety shows to indicate silent rage. Cha later stated on Cultwo Show that the scene was not in his script since the only direction he received was "expressing anger in the bathroom".
<Oguchi_Onyewu>	Oguchialu Chijioke Onyewu // (listen) (born May 13, 1982) is an American former soccer player who is the secretary-general of R.E. Virton. He was previously the sporting director for Orlando City B.During his professional career, he played as a defender for clubs in France, Belgium, England, Italy, the Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, and the United States. Onyewu earned over 60 caps with the United States men's national soccer team and played for the United States at the 2006 and 2010 World Cups. He is the most recent male defender to win the U.S. Soccer Athlete of the Year award.
<Joe_Pedicino>	Joe Pedicino (October 4, 1949 – April 12, 2020) was an American professional wrestling announcer, commentator, promoter, television and radio producer. He was a well-known on-air personality in regional territories of the Southern United States during the 1980s, being an announcer and commentator for Jim Crockett Promotions and World Championship Wrestling, and as host of the nationally syndicated Superstars of Wrestling with his wife Boni Blackstone and Gordon Solie from 1986 to 1992.The series, created and produced by Pedicino, aired eight hours of wrestling from around the country and was the first to provide national coverage of the National Wrestling Alliance as well as from Puerto Rico and Japan. He and Solie also hosted a popular segment on the show, "Pro Wrestling This Week", which discussed the then current news from the "Big Three" (AWA, NWA and the WWF) and regional promotions. Scott Hudson and Steve Prazak, both former WCW announcers, were fans of the show and given their first big break by Pedicino when he began promoting events in the late 1980s. Bill Apter, editor of Pro Wrestling Illustrated, has also credited Pedicino for considerably raising his profile among wrestling fans due to his weekly segment.He was also the booker and part owner of the Global Wrestling Federation with former USWA commentator Max Andrews, as well as part of the announcing team for GWF Wrestling Superstars on ESPN, and had a similar role in the short-lived Ladies Professional Wrestling Association. Popularly known as the "round mound of sound", Pedicino has been compared to some of the top commentators of the mid-to late 1980s and is regarded as one of the most recognizable personalities during the final years of the "territory era". Brian Westcott, wrestling historian and writer, has called Pedicino one of his all-time favorite play-by-play/color commentators.
<David_Charvet>	David Franck Charvet (French pronunciation: ​[david ʃaʁve]; born 15 May 1972) is a French singer, actor, model, and television personality.Charvet was born and raised in Lyon, France, the son of Christiane Charvet Haddad and businessman Paul Guez, founder of the Sasson brand of jeans in the 1980s. He was raised in a Jewish household.
<Roy_Clarke>	Royston Clarke OBE (born 28 January 1930), usually known as Roy Clarke, is an English comedy writer best known for creating the sitcoms Last of the Summer Wine, Keeping Up Appearances, Open All Hours and its sequel series, Still Open All Hours.Clarke was born in Austerfield in the West Riding of Yorkshire. His jobs before becoming a writer included teacher, policeman, taxi driver, salesman and he was a soldier in the Royal Corps of Signals of the British Army.
<Jon_Pertwee>	John Devon Roland "Jon" Pertwee (/ˈpɜːrtwiː/; 7 July 1919 – 20 May 1996) was an English actor, comedian, entertainer, cabaret performer and TV presenter. Born into a theatrical family, he served in the Royal Navy and the Naval Intelligence Division during the Second World War. In his early career, he worked as a  stage comedian, which included performing at the Glasgow Empire Theatre and sharing a bill with Max Wall and Jimmy James.As an actor, Pertwee appeared in many comedy roles, including four films in the Carry On series, and he became widely known for spending 18 years (1959–1977) playing Chief Petty Officer Pertwee (and three other roles) in the sitcom The Navy Lark on BBC Radio. On television, Pertwee starred as the third incarnation of the Doctor in the long-running British science fiction series Doctor Who (1970–1974), hosted the game show Whodunnit? (1974–1978), and played the title character in Worzel Gummidge (1979–1981 and 1987–1989). Towards the end of his life he maintained a close association with Doctor Who by appearing at many fan conventions related to the series and giving interviews. He also performed a one-man show called Who Is Jon Pertwee?Born in Chelsea, London, and having French Huguenot ancestry (his surname was an Anglicisation of "Perthuis"; the origins of his surname being "de Perthuis de Laillevault", the family being Counts descended from Charlemagne), Jon was the son of screenwriter and actor Roland Pertwee and distant cousin of actor Bill Pertwee. Pertwee's mother, Avice Scholtz, separated from his father Roland when Pertwee was young. His father remarried, and his mother found a new partner, Louis Auguste De La Garde, with whom Pertwee did not build a relationship; she died in 1951, leaving Pertwee's older brother Michael as her executor. Avice's sister Daphne married Captain Philip Cecil Clowes and became the mother of Pertwee's cousin, the writer St John Legh Clowes (1907–1951). Actor Henry Ainley, a close friend of his father, was his godfather. Coincidentally, Ainley's son Anthony appeared as the Master – a renegade Time Lord who was The Doctor's greatest enemy – alongside Pertwee in the Doctor Who anniversary story The Five Doctors (1983).
<Frank_Matcham>	Francis Matcham (22 November 1854 – 17 May 1920) was an English architect who specialised in the design of theatres and music halls. He worked extensively in London, predominantly under Moss Empires, for whom he designed the Hippodrome in 1900, Hackney Empire (1901), Coliseum (1903) and Palladium (1910). His last major commission before retirement was the Victoria Palace (1911) for the variety magnate Alfred Butt. During his 40-year career, Matcham was responsible for the design and construction of over 90 theatres and the redesign and refurbishment of a further 80 throughout the United Kingdom.Matcham was born in Newton Abbot, Devon, where he became apprenticed at the age of 14 to the architect George Soudon Bridgman. Matcham moved to London, aged 21, where he joined the architectural practice of J. T. Robinson, who was to become his father-in-law. Under Robinson, Matcham completed his first solo design, the Elephant and Castle Theatre, which opened in June 1879. He took over the business on Robinson's death and continued the designs of various provincial theatres. He formed his own practice, Matcham & Co., in the 1880s and enlisted skilled craftsmen. His first major association came in the 1880s when he was employed to design and refurbish theatres belonging to the Revill family who owned many of the theatres throughout the United Kingdom.
<Murchison_Medal>	The Murchison Medal is an academic award established by Roderick Murchison, who died in 1871. First awarded in 1873, it is normally given to people who have made a significant contribution to geology by means of a substantial body of research and for contributions to 'hard' rock studies. One of the closing public acts of Murchison’s life was the founding of a chair of geology and mineralogy in the University of Edinburgh. Under his will there was established the Murchison Medal and geological fund (The Murchison Fund) to be awarded annually by the council of the Geological Society of London.Source:  Geological Society
<John_D._Roberts>	Roger Adams Award in Organic Chemistry (1967)William H. Nichols Medal (1972)Tolman Award (1974)Willard Gibbs Award (1983)Priestley Medal (1987)Welch Award (1990)National Medal of Science (1990)Glenn T. Seaborg Medal (1991)Arthur C. Cope Award (1994)Nakanishi Prize (2001)Linus Pauling Legacy Award (2006)John Dombrowski Roberts (June 8, 1918 – October 29, 2016) was an American chemist. He made contributions to the integration of physical chemistry, spectroscopy, and organic chemistry for the understanding of chemical reaction rates.  Another characteristic of Roberts' work was the early use of NMR, focusing on the concept of spin coupling.
<Ursulines>	The Ursulines, also known as the Order of Saint Ursula (post-nominals: OSU), is an enclosed religious order of consecrated women that branched off from the Angelines, also known as the Company of Saint Ursula, in 1572. Like the Angelines, they trace their origins to their foundress Saint Angela Merici and place themselves under the patronage of Saint Ursula. While the Ursulines took up a monastic way of life under the Rule of Saint Augustine, the Angelines operate as a secular institute. The largest group within the Ursulines is the Ursulines of the Roman Union.In 1572 in Milan, under Saint Charles Borromeo, the Archbishop of Milan, members of the Company of Saint Ursula chose to become an enclosed religious order. Pope Gregory XIII placed them under the Rule of Saint Augustine. Especially in France, groups of the company began to re-shape themselves as cloistered nuns, under solemn vows, and dedicated to the education of girls within the walls of their monasteries.In the following century, the Ursuline nuns were strongly encouraged and supported by Saint Francis de Sales. They were called the "Ursuline nuns" as distinct from the "federated Ursulines" of the company, who preferred to follow the original way of life. Both forms of life continued to spread throughout Europe and beyond.
<Daisuke_Matsuzaka>	MLBJapan National TeamOther
<NTL_Incorporated>	NTL Incorporated, branded as ntl:, was a United States-listed British company founded in 1992, which provided cable television, cable internet and fixed-line cable telephone services. While NTL had its headquarters in New York City, the company's activities focused heavily on the United Kingdom, with operational headquarters in Hook, Hampshire.NTL became the dominant cable operator in the United Kingdom, controlling more than 90% of the market.[citation needed] In 2005 residential services generated 78% of NTL's revenue, and business services 22%.
<Kārlis_Šadurskis>	Kārlis Šadurskis (born 11 October 1959) is a Latvian politician, who was a Member of the European Parliament for Latvia from 2011 until 2014. He is a member of the Unity party and sat with the European People's Party in the European Parliament.Šadurskis graduated mathematical engineering from Riga Technical University in 1982. He subsequently graduated as a doctor of technology 1986 and as a doctor of  mathematics from the University of Latvia in 1992. He served as a senior research fellow, assistant professor, teacher, associate professor at the Riga Technical University from 1986. He also served in various other academic roles.He was elected to the Saeima in 2002, and served until 2011. He was the Minister of Education and Science of Latvia from 2002 to 2004. He later served as Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Defence of Latvia from 2009 until 2010. He was Secretary of the Latvian Parliament from 2010 to 2011.
<Arthur_Smith_Woodward>	Sir Arthur Smith Woodward, FRS (23 May 1864 – 2 September 1944) was an English palaeontologist, known as a world expert in fossil fish. He also described the Piltdown Man fossils, which were later determined to be fraudulent. He is not related to Henry Woodward, whom he replaced as curator of the Geology Department of the British Museum of Natural History.Woodward was born in Macclesfield, Cheshire, England and was educated there and at Owens College, Manchester. He joined the staff of the Department of Geology at the Natural History Museum in 1882. He became assistant Keeper of Geology in 1892, and Keeper in 1901. He was appointed Secretary of the Palaeontographical Society and in 1904, was appointed  President of the Geological Society. He was elected in June 1901 a Fellow of the Royal Society
<England_national_under-17_football_team>	The England national under-17 football team, also known as England under-17s or England U17(s), represents England in football at an under-17 age level and is controlled by The Football Association, the governing body for football in England. They are currently coached by Ryan Garry.England reached the quarter-final stage at both the 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup and 2011 FIFA U-17 World Cup.
<Medea_(play)>	Medea (Ancient Greek: Μήδεια, Mēdeia) is an ancient Greek tragedy written by Euripides, based upon the myth of Jason and Medea and first produced in 431 BC. The plot centers on the actions of Medea, a former princess of the kingdom of Colchis, and the wife of Jason; she finds her position in the Greek world threatened as Jason leaves her for a Greek princess of Corinth. Medea takes vengeance on Jason by murdering his new wife as well as her own two sons, after which she escapes to Athens to start a new life.Euripides' play has been explored and interpreted by playwrights across the centuries and the world in a variety of ways, offering political, psychoanalytical, feminist, among many other original readings of Medea, Jason and the core themes of the play.
<Henri-Georges_Clouzot>	Henri-Georges Clouzot (French: [ɑ̃ʁi ʒɔʁʒ kluzo]; 20 November 1907 – 12 January 1977) was a French film director, screenwriter and producer. He is best remembered for his work in the thriller film genre, having directed The Wages of Fear and Les Diaboliques, which are critically recognized as among the greatest films of the 1950s. He also directed documentary films, including The Mystery of Picasso, which was declared a national treasure by the government of France.Clouzot was an early fan of the cinema and, desiring a career as a writer, moved to Paris. He was later hired by producer Adolphe Osso to work in Berlin, writing French-language versions of German films. After being fired from UFA studio in Nazi Germany due to his friendship with Jewish producers, Clouzot returned to France, where he spent years bedridden after contracting tuberculosis. Upon recovering, he found work in Nazi-occupied France as a screenwriter for the German-owned company Continental Films. At Continental, Clouzot wrote and directed films that were very popular. His second film Le Corbeau drew controversy over its harsh look at provincial France, and he was fired from Continental before its release. As a result of his association with Continental, he was barred by the French government from filmmaking until 1947.
<Mahaka_Media>	PT Mahaka Media Tbk, formerly known as Abdi Bangsa, is an Indonesian media and entertainment company founded by Erick Thohir. The group owns and operated printed newspaper and magazines (Harian Republika, Harian Indonesia, Golf Digest), and regional free to air television and radio broadcasting (JakTV, Gen FM).Mahaka Media was originally founded with the name PT. Abdi Bangsa, on 28 November 1992. In 2002, Mahaka Media become a public company as it registered its shares as PT. Abdi Bangsa Tbk on 3 April 2002 in the Jakarta Stock Exchange (BEJ). In 2010, PT. Abdi Bangsa officially changed its name to PT. Mahaka Media Tbk.
<Edward_Bernays>	Edward Louis Bernays (/bɜːrˈneɪz/ bur-NAYZ, German: [bɛʁˈnaɪs]; November 22, 1891 − March 9, 1995) was an American theorist, considered a pioneer in the field of public relations and propaganda, and referred to in his obituary as "the father of public relations". His best-known campaigns include a 1929 effort to promote female smoking by branding cigarettes as feminist "Torches of Freedom", and his work for the United Fruit Company in the 1950s, connected with the CIA-orchestrated overthrow of the democratically elected Guatemalan government in 1954. He worked for dozens of major American corporations including Procter & Gamble and General Electric, and for government agencies, politicians, and nonprofit organizations.Of his many books, Crystallizing Public Opinion (1923) and Propaganda (1928) gained special attention as early efforts to define and theorize the field of public relations. Citing works of writers such as Gustave Le Bon, Wilfred Trotter, Walter Lippmann, and Sigmund Freud (his own double uncle), he described the masses as irrational and subject to herd instinct—and he outlined how skilled practitioners could use crowd psychology and psychoanalysis to control them in desired ways.  Bernays later synthesized many of these ideas in his postwar book, Public Relations (1945), which outlines the science of managing information released to the public by an organization, in a manner most advantageous to the organization.  He does this by first providing an overview of the history of public relations, and then provides insight into its application.Bernays was named one of the 100 most influential Americans of the twentieth century by Life. He was the subject of a full-length biography by Larry Tye entitled The Father of Spin (1999) and later an award-winning 2002 documentary for the BBC by Adam Curtis entitled The Century of the Self.
<Lancia_Flaminia>	The Lancia Flaminia (Tipo 813/823/824/826) is a luxury car produced by Italian automaker Lancia from 1957 until 1970. It was Lancia's flagship model at that time, replacing the Aurelia. It was available throughout its lifetime as saloon, coupé and cabriolet. The Flaminia coupé and convertible were coachbuilt cars with bodies from several prestigious Italian coachbuilders. Four "presidential" stretched limousine Flaminias were produced by Pininfarina for use on state occasions.There were 12,633 Flaminias sold over 13 years. Coupés outsold the four-door saloon, an unusual occurrence otherwise seen at the time only in American compact and midsize models whose coupé versions were standard factory models that cost the same or less than the sedan, while the Flaminia coupés' coachbuilt bodies made them considerably more expensive than the limousine-like Berlina.The Flaminia was named after the Via Flaminia, the road leading from Rome to Ariminum (Rimini). This respected the established Lancia tradition of naming individual models after Roman roads.
<Badai_Pasti_Berlalu_(album)>	Badai Pasti Berlalu ([ˈbadai ˈpasti bərˈlalu]; English: The Storm Will Surely Pass) is the 1977 soundtrack to the Indonesian film of the same name. Rolling Stone Indonesia listed it as the best Indonesian album of all time. Three of its songs, Badai Pasti Berlalu, Merpati Putih, and Merepih Alam, were listed by Rolling Stone as among the best Indonesian songs ever released.After the success of Badai Pasti Berlalu, Eros Djarot and Chrisye were approached by Irama Mas with a request to release the soundtrack as an album, offering to buy it for a flat fee. Although they considered their work on Badai Pasti Berlalu over and were already considering their next project, they agreed.Badai Pasti Berlalu was recorded in Pluit, Jakarta in a period of 21 days, led by composer Eros Djarot. The vocals were covered by Chrisye (who also played the bass) and Berlian Hutauruk, with Fariz Rustam Munaf and Keenan Nasution on the drums, Debby Nasution on the keyboard, and Yockie Suryoprajogo on both the keyboard and drums.
<Takeo_Miki>	Takeo Miki (三木 武夫, Miki Takeo, 17 March 1907 – 14 November 1988) was a Japanese politician who served as Prime Minister of Japan from 1974 until 1976.Takeo Miki was born on 17 March 1907, in Gosho, Tokushima Prefecture (present-day Awa, Tokushima), the only child of farmer-merchant Hisayoshi Miki and his wife Takano. Aside from farming, his father traded fertilizers, sake, rice and general goods, though he was not a wealthy farmer (gōnō) or from a family of pedigree (kyūke). Hisayoshi was born in Kakihara, near Gosho, to farmer Rokusaburō Ino'o, and after briefly working in Osaka, he returned and began working for the Shibata family, the largest landowner in Gosho. He met Takano Miki, the daughter of farmer Tokitarō Miki, when the two were working for the Shibata family. Hisayoshi took Takano's surname after marriage, and the newlywed were given a house by the Shibata family.
<CD_Badajoz>	Club Deportivo Badajoz is a Spanish football team based in Badajoz, in the autonomous community of Extremadura. Founded in 1905 and refounded in 2012, it currently plays in Primera División RFEF – Group 1, and holds home games at Estadio Nuevo Vivero, with a 15,198-seat capacity.Founded after the merger of two clubs, named Racing and Sport, Badajoz became a serious member of the Spanish League in 1931, when Francisco Fernandes Marquesta donated the team their first ground, named El Vivero. Subsequently playing most of their history between the third and second divisions, the club achieved a consistent stay in the latter level during the 1990s.
<Olympiakos_Nicosia>	Olympiakos Nicosia (Greek: Ολυμπιακός Λευκωσίας, Olympiakos Lefkosias) is a football club based in Nicosia, Cyprus and competes in the Cypriot First Division. The club was founded in 1931, and is a founding member of the Cyprus Football Association. The club colors are black and green. Olympiakos' home ground is the GSP Stadium, which has a 22,859-seat capacity. The team's main nickname is "mavroprasini" (the green-blacks), and the club's other nickname is Taktakalas, derived from the area of Nicosia where the club hails from.Olympiakos Nicosia has won three Cypriot First Division Championships, one Cypriot Cup and one Cyprus Super Cup.
<Stuart_Lewis>	Stuart Allan Lewis (born 15 October 1987) is an English retired footballer who works as Under-18s coach for Tottenham Hotspur.Born in Welwyn Garden City, Lewis has lived in Turnford, Hertfordshire since birth. He played youth football for Wormley youth U8-U10s. While playing U10s he captained the league representative team, winning the interleague cup.[citation needed]
<Hereford_United_F.C.>	Hereford United Football Club was an association football club based in Hereford, England. They played at Edgar Street for their entire history.  They were nicknamed 'The Whites' or 'The Lilywhites', after their predominantly white kit, or 'The Bulls' after the Hereford cattle breed. They contested A49 derby games with Shrewsbury Town.Founded in 1924, the club entered the Birmingham Combination and switched to the Birmingham & District League four years later. They entered the Southern League after World War II, winning the North-West Division in 1958–59 and Division One in 1964–65. Hereford achieved national prominence in 1972 when they knocked top-flight Newcastle United out of the FA Cup and were elected into the Football League later that year. Promoted out of the Fourth Division in 1972–73, they won the Third Division title in 1975–76, though lasted just one season in the Second Division and were relegated again the following year.
<Goldie_Hawn>	Goldie Jeanne Hawn (born November 21, 1945) is an American actress, dancer, producer, and singer. She rose to fame on the NBC sketch comedy program Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In (1968–1970), before going on to receive the Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in Cactus Flower (1969).Hawn maintained bankable star status for more than three decades, while appearing in such films as There's a Girl in My Soup (1970), Butterflies Are Free (1972), The Sugarland Express (1974), Shampoo (1975), Foul Play (1978), Seems Like Old Times (1980), and Private Benjamin (1980), for which she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress for playing the title role. She later starred in Overboard (1987), Bird on a Wire (1990), Death Becomes Her (1992), Housesitter (1992), The First Wives Club (1996), The Out-of-Towners (1999), and The Banger Sisters (2002). Hawn made her return to film with roles in Snatched (2017), The Christmas Chronicles (2018), and The Christmas Chronicles 2 (2020).
<David_Urban>	David Urban (born March 6, 1964) is an American lobbyist, political operative and political commentator for CNN, and Executive Vice President for North American corporate affairs at ByteDance. He served as a senior advisor to the 2016 Donald Trump presidential campaign and helped orchestrate the 2016 Republican National Convention in a successful effort to win Pennsylvania. In May 2018, he was appointed by President Trump to the board of American Battle Monuments Commission, and in July 2018 he was elevated by Trump to be Chairman of ABMC. In August 2019, President Trump appointed Urban to the Board of Visitors of the United States Military Academy, but Urban was removed by President Biden in September of 2021 as part of the removal of Trump-appointed members of the Service Academy Visitors Boards who Biden considered unqualified for such positions. Urban advised Trump’s 2020 re-election campaign.A native of Aliquippa, Beaver County, Pennsylvania, Urban was recruited to play football at Harvard University, but opted to instead attend the United States Military Academy at West Point, where he was featured in the Black Knight's 1982 media guide. An injury cut short his football career, and he graduated in 1986 with a B.S. Urban later simultaneously attended the University of Pennsylvania where he earned an M.P.A., and Temple University School of Law, where he received a J.D.
<Maury_Povich>	Maurice Richard Povich (born January 17, 1939) is an American retired television personality, best known for hosting the tabloid talk show Maury which aired from 1991 to 2022. Povich began his career as a radio reporter, initially at WWDC. In the late 1980s, he gained national fame as the host of tabloid infotainment TV show A Current Affair, based at Fox's New York flagship station WNYW. In 1991 he co-produced his own show The Maury Povich Show, which in 1998 was rebranded as Maury.Povich was born on January 17, 1939, into a Jewish family in Washington, D.C., the second of three children born to Ethyl (née Friedman) and Washington Post sportswriter Shirley Lewis Povich. His paternal grandfather, Nathan Povich, emigrated from Russia to the United States in 1878 at age 12. Maury graduated from the Landon School in 1957, and from the University of Pennsylvania in 1962 with a degree in television journalism.
<Stephen_Full>	Stephen Full (born November 13, 1969) is an American actor and comedian, known for his voice role as Stan on the Disney Channel show Dog with a Blog, and acting role as Ash on I'm in the Band, which aired on Disney Channel's sister network, Disney XD.Full was born in Chicago, Illinois on November 13, 1969Full guest starred in NBC's Las Vegas for two episodes and Disney Channel's Hannah Montana.
<Alfred_Russel_Wallace>	Alfred Russel Wallace OM FRS (8 January 1823 – 7 November 1913) was a British naturalist, explorer, geographer, anthropologist, biologist and illustrator. He is best known for independently conceiving the theory of evolution through natural selection. His 1858 paper on the subject was published that year alongside extracts from Charles Darwin's earlier writings on the topic. It spurred Darwin to set aside the "big species book" he was drafting, and quickly write an abstract of it, published in 1859 as On the Origin of Species.Wallace did extensive fieldwork, first in the Amazon River basin. He then did fieldwork in the Malay Archipelago, where he identified the faunal divide now termed the Wallace Line, which separates the Indonesian archipelago into two distinct parts: a western portion in which the animals are largely of Asian origin, and an eastern portion where the fauna reflect Australasia. He was considered the 19th century's leading expert on the geographical distribution of animal species, and is sometimes called the "father of biogeography", or more specifically of zoogeography.
<Elizabeth_Banks>	Elizabeth Banks (born Elizabeth Irene Mitchell; February 10, 1974) is an American actress and filmmaker. She is known for playing Effie Trinket in The Hunger Games film series (2012–2015) and Gail Abernathy-McKadden in the Pitch Perfect film series (2012–2017). Banks made her directorial film debut with Pitch Perfect 2 (2015), whose $69 million opening-weekend gross set a record for a first-time director. She also directed, wrote, produced, and starred in the action comedy film Charlie's Angels (2019). Banks founded the film and television production company Brownstone Productions in October 2002, with her husband Max Handelman.Banks made her film debut in the low-budget independent film Surrender Dorothy (1998). She starred in the films Wet Hot American Summer (2001), Sam Raimi's Spider-Man trilogy (2002–2007), Seabiscuit (2003), The 40-Year-Old Virgin (2005), Slither (2006), Invincible (2006), Zack and Miri Make a Porno (2008), Role Models (2008), The Next Three Days (2010), Man on a Ledge (2012), What to Expect When You're Expecting (2012), Movie 43 (2013), The Lego Movie (2014) and its 2019 sequel, Love & Mercy (2014), Walk of Shame (2014), Magic Mike XXL (2015), Power Rangers (2017), and Brightburn (2019). She is currently directing the horror comedy film Cocaine Bear.
<Iggesund_Paperboard>	Iggesund Paperboard is a commission company of the Holmen Group and Europe's third largest manufacturer of high quality virgin fibre paperboard. Iggesund has a market share of about 20% in this sector.Iggesund is an industrial village in Sweden. Isak Breant Sr, a businessman and former court commissioner to Queen Kristina, established there a mill in 1685. Iggesunds Bruk (English:mill) was originally an ironworks, and the nearby forests were used to produce charcoal for the factory. In 1771, Iggesund Bruk acquired a small nearby company that made paper, Östanå paper mill. It was one of the first to try to use sawdust and wood to produce paper. However, the technique remained experimental. The mill burnt down in 1842. In 1869, Baron Gustav Tamm became the owner of Iggesunds Bruk, and built a large sawmill. It was a major transformation for the factory, which had always been an ironworks. Iggesund's shares were first listed on Stockholmsbörsen in 1949. Lars G. Sundblad introduced paperboard manufacturing at Iggesund, which started in 1963. The merger of MoDo, Holmen and Iggesund resulted in the delisting of Iggesund shares from Stockholmsbörsen (1988), making Iggesund part of the holding, which was renamed to Holmen AB in 2000 Iggesund Paperboard's product range consists of two product families:
<Brooke_Mueller>	Brooke Jaye Mueller (born August 19, 1977) is an American actress.Mueller was born and raised in upstate New York. Her father, Allen Mueller, worked as a Miami and Key West police officer, a high school teacher, and a real-estate broker. He died in a motorcycle accident when Brooke was twelve. Her father was Lutheran and her mother, Moira Fiore, was Jewish. When she was 14, her mother married Florida-based millionaire Kenneth Wolofsky and moved to Florida. Mueller was a cheerleader at the Benjamin School in Palm Beach. Mueller has a brother, Scott Allen Mueller, and a half-sister, Sydney Wolofsky. Mueller's mother Moira Fiore is currently married to international singer/songwriter/actor Jon Fiore.Mueller has acted in film and worked as special correspondent on Extra. Her best known role was as Janet in the 1999 direct-to-video film Witchouse, credited as Brooke Allen. She also played Cassandra in the 2008 comedy film Strictly Sexual (also credited as Brooke Allen). In 2011, Mueller co-starred in The World According to Paris, a reality show alongside her friend Paris Hilton. She has also worked as real estate investor, including purchasing a home from Mel B in 2012, refurbishing it and reselling it nine months later for a $500,000 profit. She had also bought and flipped homes in the Los Angeles area neighborhoods Nichols Canyon (2005) and Los Feliz (2009).
<Zhang_Jin>	Zhang Jin may refer to:
<Danny_Mountain>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Raul_Jungmann>	Raul Belens Jungmann Pinto (born 3 April 1952 in Recife) is a Brazilian business consultant and politician. He served as minister of agrarian development under former president Fernando Henrique Cardoso and federal deputy for the state of Pernambuco. He was the Minister of Defence from May 2016 to February 2018, appointed by then-acting president Michel Temer. On 27 February 2018, Jungmann was confirmed as Minister of the Public Security.This Brazilian biographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Edith_Baumann_(politician)>	Edith Baumann (1 August 1909 – 7 April 1973) was a German politician. She was a co-founder and official of the Free German Youth (Freie Deutsche Jugend / FDJ), the youth organisation that after 1946 became the youth wing of East Germany's ruling Socialist Unity Party (Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands / SED). Between 1946 and her death she was a member of the country's powerful Party Central Committee.Sources sometimes identify her as Edith Honecker-Baumann. Between the late 1940s and early or mid-1950s, sources differing on both the dates of marriage and divorce (see below), she was married to Erich Honecker, at that time the chairman of the Free German Youth organisation, and from 1971 until 1989, General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany, East Germany's leader.
<Bat_Ye'or>	Gisèle Littman (born 1933), better known by her pen name Bat Ye'or (Hebrew: בת יאור, Daughter of the Nile) is an Egyptian-born British author, best known for creating and popularising the Eurabia conspiracy theory in her writings about modern Europe, in which she argues that Islam, anti-Americanism and antisemitism hold sway over European culture and politics as a result of collaboration between radical Muslims elements on one hand, and European political elements on the other. In addition to the Eurabia conspiracy theory, Ye'or has written about modern European politics and the history of Christian and Jewish religious minorities living under Islamic governments. Concerning the later subject, Ye'or has popularised the concept of dhimmitude, which she describes as the "specific social condition that resulted from jihad," and as the "state of fear and insecurity" of "infidels" who are required to "accept a condition of humiliation."[unreliable source?]  Ye'or's theories have been a subject of controversy.Strong's Concordance translates בַּת ('bath') as 'daughter'.
<Roger_Williams_(British_politician)>	Roger Hugh Williams, CBE (born 22 January 1948) is a Welsh Liberal Democrat politician who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Brecon and Radnorshire from 2001 to 2015.Born in the town of Crickhowell, Williams studied at Christ College, Brecon, and Selwyn College, Cambridge. On graduating in Natural Sciences he returned to Breconshire becoming a livestock farmer on the family farm at Llanfilo. During the mid-1980s he was elected Chairman of the Brecon and Radnorshire branch of the National Farmers Union.
<Kaya_Scodelario>	Kaya Rose Scodelario-Davis (née Humphrey; born 13 March 1992) is an English actress best known for her roles as Effy Stonem on the E4 teen drama Skins (2007–2010, 2013), and Teresa in the Maze Runner film series (2014–2018). Other roles include Catherine Earnshaw in Andrea Arnold's Wuthering Heights (2011), Carina Smyth in Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales (2017), Carole Ann Boone in Extremely Wicked, Shockingly Evil and Vile (2019), Haley Keller in Crawl (2019), Katarina Baker in the Netflix original series Spinning Out (2020) and Claire Redfield in Resident Evil: Welcome to Raccoon City (2021).Scodelario was born Kaya Rose Humphrey on 13 March 1992 in Haywards Heath, West Sussex. Her mother, Katia Scodelario, is a Brazilian accountant from Itu, São Paulo, who moved to England in 1990; Scodelario's surname comes from her mother's Italian grandfather. Her father, Roger Humphrey, was English and died in November 2010.
<Leonora_Speyer>	Leonora Speyer, Lady Speyer (née von Stosch; 7 November 1872 – 10 February 1956), was an American poet and violinist.She was born in Washington, D.C., the daughter of Count Ferdinand von Stosch of Mantze in Silesia, who fought for the Union, and Julia Schayer, who was a writer.
<Tuscaloosa,_Alabama>	Tuscaloosa (/ˌtʌskəˈluːsə/ TUS-kə-LOO-sə) is a city in and the seat of Tuscaloosa County in west-central Alabama, United States, on the Black Warrior River where the Gulf Coastal and Piedmont plains meet. Alabama's fifth-largest city, it had an estimated population of 101,129 in 2019. It was known as Tuskaloosa until the early 20th century. It is also known as "the Druid City" because of the numerous water oaks planted in its downtown streets since the 1840s.Incorporated on December 13, 1819, it was named after Tuskaloosa, the chief of a band of Muskogean-speaking people defeated by the forces of Spanish explorer Hernando de Soto in 1540 in the Battle of Mabila, in what is now central Alabama. It served as Alabama's capital city from 1826 to 1846.Tuscaloosa is the regional center of industry, commerce, healthcare and education for the area of west-central Alabama known as West Alabama; and the principal city of the Tuscaloosa Metropolitan Statistical Area, which includes Tuscaloosa, Hale and Pickens counties.
<Haikou_Meilan_International_Airport_(company)>	Haikou Meilan International Airport Co., Ltd. is a Chinese company. The company was the developer, owner and operator of the airport of the same name. However, the airport is now operated by the company's subsidiary HNA Infrastructure Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Hainan Meilan Airport).Haikou Meilan International Airport Co., Ltd. (Chinese: 海口美兰国际机场有限责任公司) was incorporated on 25 August 1998 by a consortium of Civil Aviation Administration of China (50%), Hainan Airlines (33.4%) China National Aviation Fuel Group (8.3%) and Hainan International Trust Investment Corporation (8.3%). Initially the company had a share capital of ¥600 million RMB. The company takeover the development of the airport from Haikou Meilan International Airport Corporation (Chinese: 海口美兰国际机场总公司), a subsidiary of Hainan Airport in the same year.In 2000, HNA Group, an associate company of Hainan Airlines, became the controlling shareholder of the airport developer.
<Persia_White>	Persia Jessica White (born October 25, 1972) is a Bahamas-born American actress, singer and musician. White is known for her role as Denise Williams on the short-lived television series Breaker High and as Lynn Searcy on the UPN/CW sitcom Girlfriends. White is also a member of the band XEO3, and a solo singer who released her debut album Mecca in 2009. She is also known for her role as Abby Bennett Wilson in The Vampire Diaries (2012-2017).White was born in Nassau, Bahamas and was one of four children to an Irish-American mother and a Bahamian father, thus making her a Bahamian actress. Her early years were spent in the Bahamas. White's father was paralyzed in a car accident when she was three, and he later moved to Miami to seek better medical care. White's mother moved with her children to South Florida two years later but did not reunite with White's father. White later joined the Miami Coconut Grove Children's Theater. As a teen, she studied dance, acting, singing, and painting. After high school, White signed with the Ford Agency and obtained her Screen Actors Guild card. She then moved to Los Angeles to pursue a career in acting.
<Geoffrey_Edelsten>	Geoffrey Walter Edelsten (2 May 1943 – 11 June 2021) was an Australian businessman and former physician known for founding the health care company Allied Medical Group.Edelsten was a general practitioner whose unconventional clinics and luxurious lifestyle attracted media attention in the 1980s. He owned mansions, helicopters, and a fleet of Rolls-Royces and Lamborghinis with license plates such as Macho, Spunky and Sexy. His multidisciplinary clinics – the forerunners of modern corporate medical practices – were open 24 hours, and were fitted with chandeliers, grand pianos, and mink-covered examination tables.
<Michael_Ashburner>	Michael Ashburner FRS (born 23 May 1942) is a biologist and Emeritus Professor in the Department of Genetics at University of Cambridge. He is also the former joint-head and co-founder of the European Bioinformatics Institute (EBI) of the European Molecular Biology Laboratory (EMBL) and a Fellow of Churchill College, Cambridge.Born in Brighton, Sussex, England,  Ashburner attended High Wycombe Royal Grammar School from 1953 to 1960. He studied at Churchill College, Cambridge, and received his Bachelor of Arts in Natural Sciences Tripos (Genetics) in 1964, his PhD from the Department of Genetics in 1968, and was awarded a Doctor of Science in 1978.
<John_Meurig_Thomas>	Sir John Meurig Thomas FLSW FRS HonFREng HonFRSE FRMS (15 December 1932 – 13 November 2020), also known as JMT, was a Welsh scientist, educator, university administrator, and historian of science primarily known for his work on heterogeneous catalysis, solid-state chemistry, and surface and materials science.He was one of the founders of solid-state chemistry, starting with his work at the University of Wales, Bangor, in 1958 when he investigated the various ways in which dislocations influence the chemical, electronic and excitonic properties of a range of solids. He was one of the first to exploit electron microscopy as a chemical tool, especially to deduce active-site reactivities from the surface topography of many minerals and crystal hydrates. At the University of Aberystwyth (1969–1978) he elucidated the surface chemistry of diamond, clay minerals, metals and intercalates by pioneering UV and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy. He also initiated the field of crystal engineering of organic molecules. As head of physical chemistry department at the University of Cambridge (1978–1986), then a separate department to chemistry, he used magic-angle-spinning NMR and high-resolution electron microscopy to characterize and determine the structures of zeolites and other nanoporous catalysts. As Fullerian Professor and Director of the Royal Institution and of the Davy–Faraday Research Laboratory, he utilized synchrotron radiation to characterize, in situ, new catalysts designed for green chemistry and clean technology.
<Lady_Sarah_Chatto>	Lady Sarah Frances Elizabeth Chatto (née Armstrong-Jones; born 1 May 1964) is the only daughter of Princess Margaret and Antony Armstrong-Jones, 1st Earl of Snowdon. She and her brother, David Armstrong-Jones, 2nd Earl of Snowdon, are the only maternal first cousins of King Charles III. She is the youngest grandchild of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother. At her birth, she was seventh in line of succession to the British throne; as of September 2022, she is 27th.Sarah Armstrong-Jones was born on 1 May 1964 at Kensington Palace in London. She is the second child and only daughter of Princess Margaret and Antony Armstrong-Jones, 1st Earl of Snowdon. She was christened in the private chapel at Buckingham Palace on 13 July 1964.
<Nader_Faghihzadeh>	Nader Faghihzadeh (Persian: نادر فقیه‌زاده, born 1976 in Tehran) is an Iranian-German automotive designer based in Munich. He is a designer at BMW Design and was responsible for the Interior Design of the BMW 7 Series (F01/F02), the Exterior Design of the BMW 6 Series Gran Coupé, Coupé and Convertible (F06/F12/F13) and the Exterior Design of the BMW 7 series (G11/G12).This article about an Iranian businessperson is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Dundalk_F.C.>	Dundalk Football Club (/dʌnˈdɔː(l)k/ dun-DAW(L)K; Irish: Cumann Peile Dhún Dealgan) is a professional association football club that competes in the League of Ireland Premier Division, the top tier of football in the Republic of Ireland. The club is based in Dundalk and its home ground is Oriel Park. The club crest is three martlets on a shield, which was adopted from the town's old coat of arms, and the team colours are white shirts and black shorts.Founded in 1903 as Dundalk G.N.R., the works-team of the Great Northern Railway, they were a junior club until they were invited to join the Leinster Senior League in 1922–23. After playing at that level for four seasons, they were elected to the League of Ireland for the 1926–27 season. Six seasons later, they became the first club from outside Dublin to win the league title. They have won 49 trophies at national and all-Ireland level as of 2021, including four League and Cup 'Doubles', and are the only club to have won a league title or an FAI Cup in every decade since the 1930s. They are the second most successful club in the League's history (with 14 league titles), and are the most successful in the Premier Division era.
<Dick_Jones_(actor)>	Richard Percy Jones (February 25, 1927 – July 7, 2014), known as Dick Jones or Dickie Jones, was an American actor and singer who achieved success as a child performer and as a young adult, especially in B-Westerns. In 1938, he played Artimer "Artie" Peters, nephew of Buck Peters, in the Hopalong Cassidy film The Frontiersman.  He may be best known as the voice of Pinocchio in Walt Disney's film of the same name.Jones was born on February 25, 1927, in Snyder, some ninety miles south of Lubbock, Texas. The son of a newspaper editor, Jones was a prodigious horseman from infancy, having been billed at the age of four as the "World's Youngest Trick Rider and Trick Roper". At the age of six, he was hired to perform riding and lariat tricks in the rodeo owned by western star Hoot Gibson, who convinced young Jones and his parents that he should come to Hollywood. Jones and his mother moved there, and Gibson arranged for some small parts for the boy, whose good looks, energy, and pleasant voice quickly landed him more and bigger parts, both in low-budget westerns as well as in more substantial productions.
<John_H._Corcoran>	John Hubert Corcoran, Jr. (January 15, 1897 – December 28, 1945) was a Massachusetts  politician who served on the Cambridge, Massachusetts City Council and as the Mayor of Cambridge, Massachusetts. Corcoran's father, John Hubert Corcoran, Sr. was a member and President of the Cambridge Common Council and the Cambridge Board of Aldermen.Corcoran was born on January 15, 1897 to John Hubert Corcoran, Sr. and Ann M. (Ford) Corcoran.
<Li_Yapeng>	Li Yapeng (Chinese: 李亚鹏; born September 27, 1971) is a Chinese actor. He starred in two CCTV television adaptations of Louis Cha's wuxia novels; playing Linghu Chong in the 2000 series, Laughing in the Wind, and Guo Jing in the 2003 series The Legend of the Condor Heroes. In 2010 Yapeng announced his retirement from acting.On September 27, 1971, Li Yapeng was born in Shuimogou District, Ürümqi, Xinjiang. His family members include his father, mother and his two-year-older brother. He went to Bayi Senior High School of Ürümqi. 
<Worldvision_Enterprises>	Worldvision Enterprises, Inc. was an American television program and home video distributor established in 1954 as ABC Film Syndication, the domestic and overseas program distribution arm of the ABC Television Network. They primarily licensed programs from independent producers, rather than producing their own content.In spring 1954, American Broadcasting-Paramount Theatres, Inc. created ABC Films Syndication, Inc. (AFS), or ABC Films, a subsidiary headed by George Shupert, which specialized in syndication and in-house program production. By January 1956, AFS formed a 50/50 joint venture production company, Rabco Productions, with Hal Roach Jr.In January 1956, AFS announced an expansion in production and sales staff for the year. Five new properties were acquired by the company and all received pilots, with two set for syndication if not placed nationally. Two were to be produced by John Gibbs and Meridian Pictures, Renfrew of the Mounted and Ripley's Believe It or Not!, while Rabco's Bernard Fox was assigned with Forest Ranger. The two pilots set for production were The Americano, directed by Martin Gosch and filmed in Spain, and The Force produced by Victor Stoloff about the plain clothed Canadian Mounties division. Two shows, Code 3 and The Three Musketeers were already under production for syndication. One of AFS's earliest successes was Sheena, Queen of the Jungle, produced largely in Mexico by Nassour Studios and starring Irish McCalla as the comic-book heroine. Even though only 26 episodes were filmed, the series ran for years in reruns on local stations, in kiddie-show time slots.
<Geoffrey_Castillion>	Geoffrey Wynton Mandelano Castillion (born 25 May 1991) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a striker. Besides the Netherlands, he has played in the United States, Romania, Hungary, Iceland, and Indonesia.He is of Surinamese descent.
<Yitang_Zhang>	Yitang Zhang (Chinese: 张益唐; born February 5, 1955) is a Chinese American mathematician primarily working on number theory and a professor of mathematics at the University of California, Santa Barbara since 2015.Previously working at the University of New Hampshire as a lecturer, Zhang submitted a paper to the Annals of Mathematics in 2013 which established the first finite bound on the least gap between consecutive primes that is attained infinitely often. This work led to a 2013 Ostrowski Prize, a 2014 Cole Prize, a 2014 Rolf Schock Prize, and a 2014 MacArthur award. Zhang became a professor of mathematics at the University of California, Santa Barbara in fall 2015.
<FC_Volyn_Lutsk>	FC Volyn Lutsk (Ukrainian: ФК «Волинь» Луцьк [woˈlɪnʲ ˈlutsʲk]) is a professional Ukrainian football team of the Ukrainian First League playing in the city of Lutsk.Since its establishment in 1960, the club became the only major (professional) football club within Volyn Oblast and uncontested leader of football in the region.Football in Volyn Oblast takes its roots from the Polish regional league of Wolyn Voivodeship that was liquidated during the World War II in 1939. The best city's team Policejski Klub Sportowy (PKS) Lutsk competed along with other clubs of the region with many clubs of the today's neighboring Rivne Oblast. Before establishing of FC Volyn, the best clubs of the region were Dynamo Lutsk (1940-1956) and army club GDO (Garrison Officers' Club, 1957-1959). Both clubs competed at Republican competitions that until 1959 were considered to be amateur.
<Liberal_Party_of_Canada>	The Liberal Party of Canada (French: Parti libéral du Canada) is a federal political party in Canada. The party espouses the principles of liberalism, and generally sits at the centre to centre-left of the Canadian political spectrum, with their rival, the Conservative Party, positioned to their right and the New Democratic Party, who at times aligned itself with the Liberals during minority governments, positioned to their left. The party is described as "big tent", practising "brokerage politics", attracting support from a broad spectrum of voters. The Liberal Party is the longest-serving and oldest active federal political party in the country, and has dominated federal politics of Canada for much of its history, holding power for almost 70 years of the 20th century. As a result, it has sometimes been referred to as Canada's "natural governing party".The party first came into power in 1873 under Alexander Mackenzie, but were voted out five years later due to the economic conditions at the time. They would not come back to office until 1896; Wilfrid Laurier was prime minister from that year until the party's defeat in 1911 and his tenure was marked by several compromises between English and French Canada. From the early 1920s until the mid-1950s, the Liberal Party under Prime Ministers William Lyon Mackenzie King and Louis St. Laurent gradually built a Canadian welfare state.
<NBC>	The National Broadcasting Company (NBC) is an American English-language commercial broadcast television and radio network. The flagship property of the NBC Entertainment division of NBCUniversal, a division of Comcast, its headquarters are located at Comcast Building in New York City. The company also has offices in Los Angeles at 10 Universal City Plaza and Chicago at the NBC Tower. NBC is the oldest of the traditional "Big Three" American television networks, having been formed in 1926 by the Radio Corporation of America. NBC is sometimes referred to as the "Peacock Network," in reference to its stylized peacock logo, introduced in 1956 to promote the company's innovations in early color broadcasting.NBC has twelve owned-and-operated stations and nearly 200 affiliates throughout the United States and its territories, some of which are also available in Canada and Mexico via pay-television providers or in border areas over the air. NBC also maintains brand licensing agreements for international channels in South Korea and Germany.
<Bolton_Wanderers_F.C.>	Bolton Wanderers Football Club (/ˈboʊltən/ (listen)) is a professional football club based in Horwich, Greater Manchester, England, which competes in EFL League One. The club played at Burnden Park for 102 years from 1895 after moving from their original home at Pike's Lane. On 9 March 1946, thirty-three Bolton fans lost their lives in a human crush, the Burnden Park disaster. In 1997, Bolton moved to what is now known as the University of Bolton Stadium. They have spent more seasons, 73, than any other club in the top-flight without winning the title.Formed as Christ Church Football Club in 1874, it adopted its current name in 1877 and was a founder member of the Football League in 1888. The club moved between the First Division and the Second Division eight times in thirteen seasons between 1899 and 1911, winning the Second Division title in 1908–09. Bolton won the FA Cup three times in the 1920s: in 1923 – the "White Horse Final", 1926 and 1929; they had finished as runners-up in 1894 and 1904. The club spent just two seasons outside the top-flight between 1911 and 1964, having won promotion from the Second Division at the second attempt at the end of the 1934–35 season. They lost the 1953 FA Cup final and then won the competition for a fourth time in 1958 under the stewardship of Bill Ridding. Bolton were relegated in 1964 and 1971, but regained their top-flight status after winning the Third Division title in 1972–73 and then the Second Division title in 1977–78. However, three relegations left them in the fourth tier by 1987, though promotion out of the Fourth Division was secured in 1987–88 and they lifted the Football League Trophy in 1989 after being beaten finalists in 1986.
<Amanda_Peet>	Amanda Peet (born January 11, 1972) is an American actress. She began her career with small parts on television, and made her feature film debut in Animal Room (1995). Her portrayal of Jill St. Claire in The Whole Nine Yards (2000) brought her wider recognition, and she has since appeared in a variety of films, such as Saving Silverman (2001), High Crimes; Changing Lanes; Igby Goes Down (all 2002), Something's Gotta Give (2003), Identity (2003), Melinda and Melinda (2004), A Lot Like Love (2005), Syriana (2005), Battle for Terra (2007), Martian Child (2008), The X-Files: I Want to Believe (2008), Please Give (2010), Gulliver's Travels (2010), The Way, Way Back (2013), Identity Thief (2013), and Trust Me (2013).On television, Peet starred as Jacqueline Barrett on The WB's Jack & Jill (1999–2001), as Tina Morris on HBO's Togetherness (2015–2016), as Jules on IFC's Brockmire (2016–2020), and as Betty Broderick on the second season of Dirty John in 2020. She wrote and co-executive produced the Netflix series The Chair that was released in 2021.
<Paul_Armin_Due>	Paul Armin Due (1870–1926) was a Norwegian architectPaul Franz Wilhelm Armin Due was the son the renowned architect Paul Due. He graduated from Leibniz University Hannover in 1896 and spent two years working in Germany before returning to Norway to work for his father's architecture firm. The firm was at that time particularly engaged in the design of station buildings for the State railways. Until 1910 he designed a number of the stations built by the Norwegian State Railways, including virtually all stations north of Levanger on Hell–Sunnanbanen and many stations on Bergensbanen, including all those in Hallingdal. His stations are predominantly jugend and simple North-German new renaissance.Paul Armin Due established an independent architectural practice in Christiania in 1911, and carried out several villas in Aker. From 1916, he  worked for the city of Christiania.
<University_of_California,_Berkeley>	The University of California, Berkeley (UC Berkeley, Berkeley, Cal, or California) is a public land-grant research university in Berkeley, California. Established in 1868 as the University of California, it is the state's first land-grant university and the founding campus of the University of California system. Its fourteen colleges and schools offer over 350 degree programs and enroll some 31,800 undergraduate and 13,200 graduate students. Berkeley ranks among the world's top universities.A founding member of the Association of American Universities, Berkeley hosts many leading research institutes dedicated to science, engineering, and mathematics. The university founded and maintains close relationships with three national laboratories at Berkeley, Livermore and Los Alamos, and has played a prominent role in many scientific advances, from the Manhattan Project and the discovery of 16 chemical elements to breakthroughs in computer science and genomics. Berkeley is also known for political activism and the Free Speech Movement of the 1960s.
<Eugene_Wigner>	Eugene Paul "E. P." Wigner (Hungarian: Wigner Jenő Pál, pronounced [ˈviɡnɛr ˈjɛnøː ˈpaːl]; November 17, 1902 – January 1, 1995) was a Hungarian-American theoretical physicist who also contributed to mathematical physics. He received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1963 "for his contributions to the theory of the atomic nucleus and the elementary particles, particularly through the discovery and application of fundamental symmetry principles".A graduate of the Technical University of Berlin, Wigner worked as an assistant to Karl Weissenberg and Richard Becker at the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute in Berlin, and David Hilbert at the University of Göttingen. Wigner and Hermann Weyl were responsible for introducing group theory into physics, particularly the theory of symmetry in physics. Along the way he performed ground-breaking work in pure mathematics, in which he authored a number of mathematical theorems. In particular, Wigner's theorem is a cornerstone in the mathematical formulation of quantum mechanics. He is also known for his research into the structure of the atomic nucleus. In 1930, Princeton University recruited Wigner, along with John von Neumann, and he moved to the United States, where he obtained citizenship in 1937.
<Lothar_Bisky>	Lothar Bisky (17 August 1941 – 13 August 2013) was a German politician. He was the chairman of the Party of Democratic Socialism (PDS), the successor of East Germany's Socialist Unity Party (SED).  In June 2007 he became co-chairman of The Left (Die Linke) party, formed by a merger of the PDS and the much smaller Labour and Social Justice – The Electoral Alternative. From 2007 until 2010 he was the President of the Party of the European Left. Also, he was the Publisher of the socialist newspaper Neues Deutschland.Bisky was born in Zollbrück, Pomerania, Germany (now Korzybie, Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland), from where he came after 1945 as refugee to Schleswig-Holstein in northern West Germany. In order to get a free university education he emigrated to Communist GDR at the age of 18, and after facing initial doubts due to his heritage was allowed to join the Socialist Unity Party in 1963, but did not rise to leadership positions until shortly after the fall of communism and the resulting purge of hardliners from the party. He was rector of the University of Film and Television (Potsdam-Babelsberg) from 1986 to 1990. In 1991 he became a member of the board of directors of regional television channel ORB (now part of RBB).In 1995, it was discovered that Bisky had been an informer for the Stasi. The Stasi records on his wife referred to his activities as an informant. Subsequent investigations revealed that Bisky was registered by the Stasi with the code names of Bienert between 1966 and 1970, and as  Klaus Heine from 1987. Lothar Bisky was also described in Stasi records as zuverlässig (reliable), the highest level of trust for an informer.
<D._LeRoy_Dresser>	Daniel LeRoy Dresser (December 13, 1862 – July 10, 1915) was an American merchant and banker. He took his own life after he was bankrupted by the collapse of the United States Shipbuilding Company, a project that involved J.P. Morgan and Charles M. Schwab. The New York Times wrote that his "rise and fall in finance was one of the greatest sensations of the banking history of the first decade of the century…."Dresser was born in Newport, Rhode Island to Elizabeth Stuyvesant LeRoy and George Warren Dresser, an Army brevet major. His maternal grandparents were Susan Elizabeth (née Fish) and Daniel LeRoy. His maternal great-grandparents were Elizabeth Stuyvesant and Nicholas Fish.His sisters included Edith Stuyvesant Dresser who married George Washington Vanderbilt II, and Natalie Bayard Dresser who married John Nicholas Brown. His sister Pauline married Rev. George D. Merrill of Stockbridge, Massachusetts, and his sister Susan married Vicomte Romain D'Osmoy of Normandy, France.
<Hero_of_Socialist_Labour>	The Hero of Socialist Labour (Russian: Герой Социалистического Труда, romanized: Geroy Sotsialisticheskogo Truda) was an honorific title in the Soviet Union and other Warsaw Pact countries from 1938 to 1991. It represented the highest degree of distinction in the USSR and was awarded for exceptional achievements in Soviet industry and culture. It provided a similar status to the title of Hero of the Soviet Union, which was awarded for heroic deeds, but differed in that it was not awarded to foreign citizens.The Title "Hero of Socialist Labour" was introduced by decree of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union on December 27, 1938.Originally, Heroes of Socialist Labour were awarded the highest decoration of the Soviet Union, the Order of Lenin, and a diploma from the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union. In order to distinguish the Heroes of Socialist Labour from other Order of Lenin recipients, the "Hammer and Sickle" gold medal was introduced by decree of the Presidium on 22 May 1940, to accompany the Order of Lenin and diploma.
<Konrad_Wolff>	Konrad Wolff (March 11, 1907 – October 23, 1989) was a German pianist and musicologist.The son of Martin Wolff and Marguerite Jolowicz, he was born in Berlin, Germany, on March 11, 1907. From 1925 to 1930, he studied at the University of Heidelberg and the University of Berlin. He received his Doctor of Law degree at the University of Berlin, and forged lifelong friendships with classmates Stephan Kuttner and Hsu Dau-lin.  He studied piano under Josef Lomba, who had been a student of Franz Liszt, as well as under Bruno Elsner, and the Austrian pianist Artur Schnabel.  In France, he studied at the Sorbonne in Paris (1934–1935), and met and married the photographer Ilse Bing.  Together they moved to the United States in 1941.  Although he performed as a concert pianist and in chamber music groups, he devoted himself to teaching and research.  He was a faculty member at Westchester Conservatory (1949–54), Drew University, New Jersey (1952–62), and Peabody Conservatory (1963–74), as well as teaching at Smith College and Montclair State University (NJ).  In 1972, his major work on Artur Schnabel was published, "Schnabel's Interpretation of Piano Music." In 1983, he published his second book, "Masters of the Keyboard."  He died in Cologne, West Germany, where he had travelled to lecture and perform, on October 23, 1989.
<Carl_Van_Vechten>	Carl Van Vechten (June 17, 1880 – December 21, 1964) was an American writer and artistic photographer who was a patron of the Harlem Renaissance and the literary executor of Gertrude Stein. He gained fame as a writer, and notoriety as well, for his 1926 novel Nigger Heaven. In his later years, he took up photography and took many portraits of notable people. Although he was married to women for most of his adult life, Van Vechten engaged in numerous homosexual affairs over his lifetime.Born in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, he was the youngest child of Charles Duane Van Vechten and Ada Amanda Van Vechten (née Fitch).  Both of his parents were well educated. His father was a wealthy and prominent banker. His mother established the Cedar Rapids Public Library and had great musical talent. As a child, Van Vechten developed a passion for music and theatre. He graduated from Washington High School in 1898.
<Monster_House_(film)>	Monster House is a 2006 American computer-animated horror film directed by Gil Kenan in his directorial debut and written by Dan Harmon, Rob Schrab and Pamela Pettler, about a neighborhood being terrorized by a sentient haunted house during Halloween. The film features the voices of Mitchel Musso, Sam Lerner, Spencer Locke, Steve Buscemi, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Kevin James, Nick Cannon, Jason Lee, Fred Willard, Jon Heder, Catherine O'Hara, and Kathleen Turner, as well as human characters being animated using live action motion capture stop motion animation, which was previously used in The Polar Express (2004). It was Sony's first computer animated film produced by Sony Pictures Imageworks.Produced by Robert Zemeckis' ImageMovers, Steven Spielberg's Amblin Entertainment (marking their first theatrically-released fully animated film since Balto) and Relativity Media (their first animated film), the film was released theatrically by Columbia Pictures on July 21, 2006. It received generally positive reviews from critics and grossed $142 million worldwide against a $75 million budget. Monster House received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature, but lost to Happy Feet.On October 30, 1983, 12-year-old DJ Walters witnesses elderly Horace Nebbercracker confiscating a little girl's tricycle and scaring her away from his house. DJ has documented many similar incidents at the Nebbercracker house, which is across the street from his own. The same day, DJ's parents leave for a convention, placing him in the care of teenage babysitter Zee. Later, DJ's friend Chowder loses a basketball in Nebbercracker's lawn; the boys try to retrieve it, but Nebbercracker stops them. He appears to suffer a heart attack and is taken away by an ambulance. 
<IEEE_Edison_Medal>	The IEEE Edison Medal is presented by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) "for a career of meritorious achievement in electrical science, electrical engineering, or the electrical arts." It is the oldest medal in this field of engineering.   The award consists of a gold medal, bronze replica, small gold replica, certificate, and honorarium.  The medal may only be awarded to a new leap/breakthrough in the technological area of science.The Edison Medal, named after the inventor and entrepreneur Thomas Edison, was created on 11 February 1904 by a group of Edison's friends and associates. Four years later the American Institute of Electrical Engineers (AIEE) entered into an agreement with the group to present the medal as its highest award. The first medal was presented in 1909 to Elihu Thomson. Other recipients of the Edison Medal include George Westinghouse, Alexander Graham Bell, Nikola Tesla, Michael I. Pupin, Robert A. Millikan (Nobel Prize 1923), and Vannevar Bush. A complete and authoritative list is published by the IEEE online.After the merger of AIEE and the Institute of Radio Engineers (IRE), in 1963, to form the IEEE, it was decided that IRE's Medal of Honor would be presented as IEEE's highest award, while the Edison Medal would become IEEE's principal medal.
<Alice_Hamilton>	Alice Hamilton (February 27, 1869 – September 22, 1970) was an American physician, research scientist, and author. She was a leading expert in the field of occupational health and a pioneer in the field of industrial toxicology.Hamilton trained at the University of Michigan Medical School. She became a professor of pathology at the Woman's Medical School of Northwestern University in 1897.   In 1919, she became the first woman appointed to the faculty of Harvard University.Her scientific research focused on the study of occupational illnesses and the dangerous effects of industrial metals and chemical compounds. In addition to her scientific work, Hamilton was a social-welfare reformer, humanitarian, peace activist, and a resident-volunteer at Hull House in Chicago from 1887 to 1919. She received numerous honors and awards, including the Albert Lasker Public Service Award.
<Giuditta_Rissone>	Giuditta Rissone (10 March 1895 – 22 June 1977) was an Italian film actress who appeared in 25 films between 1933 and 1966. She was born in Genoa and died in Rome. Giuditta Rissone married the director and actor Vittorio De Sica in 1937 in Asti, in the Montferrat region of Piedmont. Her brother Checco Rissone was also an actor.This article about an Italian actor or actress is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<University_of_Padua>	The University of Padua (Italian: Università degli Studi di Padova, UNIPD) is an Italian university located in the city of Padua, region of Veneto, northern Italy. The University of Padua was founded in 1222 by a group of students and teachers from Bologna. Padua is the second-oldest university in Italy and the world's fifth-oldest surviving university. In 2010, the university had approximately 65,000 students. In 2021, it was ranked second "best university" among Italian institutions of higher education with more than 40,000 students according to Censis institute, and among the best 200 universities in the world according to ARWU.The university is conventionally said to have been founded in 1222 when a large group of students and professors left the University of Bologna in search of more academic freedom ('Libertas scholastica'). The first subjects to be taught were law and theology. The curriculum expanded rapidly, and by 1399 the institution had divided in two: a Universitas Iuristarum for civil law and Canon law, and a Universitas Artistarum which taught astronomy, dialectic, philosophy, grammar, medicine, and rhetoric. There was also a Universitas Theologorum, established in 1373 by Urban V.The student body was divided into groups known as "nations" which reflected their places of origin. The nations themselves fell into two groups:
<MIT_Sloan_School_of_Management>	The MIT Sloan School of Management (MIT Sloan or Sloan) is the business school of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, a private university in Cambridge, Massachusetts.MIT Sloan offers bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degree programs, as well as executive education. Its degree programs are among the most selective in the world.MIT Sloan emphasizes innovation in practice and research. Many influential ideas in management and finance originated at the school, including the Black–Scholes model, the Solow–Swan model, the random walk hypothesis, the binomial options pricing model, and the field of system dynamics. The faculty has included numerous Nobel laureates in economics and John Bates Clark Medal winners.The MIT Sloan School of Management began in 1914 as the engineering administration curriculum ("Course 15") in the MIT Department of Economics and Statistics. The scope and depth of this educational focus grew steadily in response to advances in the theory and practice of management.A program offering a master's degree in management was established in 1925. The world's first university-based mid-career education program—the Sloan Fellows program—was created in 1931 under the sponsorship of Alfred P. Sloan, himself an 1895 MIT graduate, who was the chief executive officer of General Motors and has since been credited with creating the modern corporation. An Alfred P. Sloan Foundation grant established the MIT School of Industrial Management in 1952 with the charge of educating the "ideal manager". In 1964, the school was renamed in Sloan's honor as the Alfred P. Sloan School of Management. In the following decades, the school grew to the point that in 2000, management became the second-largest undergraduate major at MIT. In 2005, an undergraduate minor in management was opened to 100 students each year. In 2014, the school celebrated 100 years of management education at MIT.
<Series_30+>	Series 30+ (abbreviated as S30+) is a software platform and application user interface used for Nokia-branded mobile devices. The platform was introduced by Nokia in September 2013, first appearing on the Nokia 108, and has been the main Nokia feature phone operating system after the end of the Series 30 and Series 40 platforms in 2014. Despite the similar name and user interface, S30+ is technically completely different and unrelated to S30.Many S30+ devices only support MAUI Runtime Environment, and application file (.vxp) developed by MediaTek, but some later devices have included support for J2ME applications. Even for models that don't support Java J2ME applications, some are still capable of running something. Some S30+ models also come with an online shop that would allow downloading new apps and games.
<Ponce,_Puerto_Rico>	Ponce (US: /ˈpɔːnseɪ, ˈpoʊn-/, UK: /ˈpɒnseɪ/, Spanish: [ˈponθe] (listen), locally [ˈponse]) is both a city and a municipality on the southern coast of Puerto Rico. The city is the seat of the municipal government.Ponce, Puerto Rico's most populated city outside the San Juan metropolitan area, was founded on 12 August 1692 and is named for Juan Ponce de León y Loayza, the great-grandson of Spanish conquistador Juan Ponce de León. Ponce is often referred to as La Perla del Sur (The Pearl of the South), La Ciudad Señorial (The Manorial City), and La Ciudad de las Quenepas (Genip City). The city serves as the governmental seat of the autonomous municipality as well as the regional hub for various Government of Puerto Rico entities, such as the Judiciary of Puerto Rico. It is also the regional center for various other Government of Puerto Rico and US Federal Government agencies. Ponce is a principal city of both the Ponce Metropolitan Statistical Area and the Ponce-Yauco-Coamo Combined Statistical Area.
<SD_Eibar>	Sociedad Deportiva Eibar (in Basque: Eibar Kirol Elkartea) is a professional Spanish football club based in Eibar, Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous Basque Country.Founded on 30 November 1940, the team currently plays in the Segunda División, the second tier of Spanish football, having been relegated from La Liga at the end of the 2020–21 season. The club played in the top tier of Spanish football for seven consecutive seasons from 2014 to 2021, and participated in 26 Segunda División seasons (a spell in the 1950s, and most of the 1990s and 2000s), spending the rest of their history competing at lower levels.The team plays in claret and blue shirts with blue shorts (originating from the kit of FC Barcelona) and holds home games at the Ipurua Municipal Stadium. SD Eibar is a fan-owned club, with about 8,000 shareholders from 48 countries. Until SD Huesca qualified for the top flight in 2018, the club was considered the smallest to have played in Spain's top division, and its stadium had the lowest capacity of any La Liga teams. Although Eibar is the sole professional club of its town, it contests several Basque derbies with other clubs from the region.
<Liberal_Party_(Philippines)>	The Liberal Party (Filipino and Spanish: Partido Liberal), abbreviated as the LP, is a liberal political party in the Philippines.Founded on January 19, 1946, by Senate President Manuel Roxas, Senate President Pro-Tempore Elpidio Quirino, and former 9th Senatorial District Senator José Avelino from the breakaway liberal wing of the old Nacionalista Party (NP), the Liberal Party remains the second-oldest active political party in the Philippines after the NP, and the oldest continually-active party. The LP served as the governing party of four Philippine presidents: Manuel Roxas, Elpidio Quirino, Diosdado Macapagal, and Benigno Aquino III. As a vocal opposition party to the dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos, it reemerged as a major political party after the People Power Revolution and the establishment of the Fifth Republic. It subsequently served as a senior member of President Corazon Aquino's UNIDO coalition. Upon Corazon Aquino's death in 2009, the party regained popularity, winning the 2010 Philippine presidential election under Benigno Aquino III and returning it to government to serve from 2010 to 2016. This was the only instance the party had won the presidency since the end of the Marcos dictatorship, however, as it lost control of the office to Rodrigo Duterte of PDP–Laban in the 2016 presidential election and became the leading opposition party once again. Its vice presidential candidate Leni Robredo won in the same election, however, narrowly beating the second candidate by a small margin.
<Joi_Lansing>	Joi Lansing (born Joy Rae Brown, April 6, 1929 – August 7, 1972) was an American model, film and television actress, and nightclub singer. She was noted for her pin-up photos and roles in B-movies, as well as a prominent role in the famous opening "tracking shot" in Orson Welles' 1958 crime drama Touch of Evil.Lansing was often cast in roles similar to those played by her contemporaries Jayne Mansfield and Mamie Van Doren. She frequently was clad in skimpy costumes and bikinis that accentuated her figure (34D bust), but she never posed nude. Publicity reports claimed that Lansing practiced yoga for relaxation and was a devout Mormon.
<Kingstonian_F.C.>	Kingstonian Football Club is an English semi-professional football club based in the Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames, southwest London which currently plays in the Isthmian League Premier Division. The club was founded in 1885 by YMCA, named Kingston & Surbiton YMCA, and began competing properly in 1893 in the Surrey Junior Cup. There was a split before the start of the 1908–1909 season which damaged the club, the two clubs were named Old Kingstonians and Kingston upon Thames A.F.C. After period of quiet during World War I, the two clubs re-united and joined the Athenian League in 1919, named Kingstonian. In 1929, their application to join the Isthmian League was accepted, and they have competed there to the present day. The club, nicknamed "The K's" or "The Ks", spent three seasons at the highest level of non-league football, 1998–99, 1999–2000 and 2000–01, and have won the FA Trophy twice, in consecutive seasons, in 1999 and 2000.
<James_Rowell>	Colonel James Rowell CB, VD (20 January 1851 – 6 July 1940) was an English-born Australian politician, soldier and horticulturalist. Born in Cambridge, he migrated to Australia as a child and was educated in state schools. He served in the military 1877–1917 before becoming aide-de-camp to the Governor-General. He was a horticulturalist, and served on West Torrens Council. In 1917, he was appointed to the Australian Senate as a Nationalist Senator for South Australia, filling the casual vacancy caused by the resignation of William Story, who was contesting the House of Representatives. He contested the 1922 election as a candidate for the Liberal Party, which was a group of disaffected Nationalists opposed to the leadership of Prime Minister Billy Hughes; he was defeated. Rowell died in 1940.
<La_Dolce_Vita>	La Dolce Vita (Italian pronunciation: [la ˈdoltʃe ˈviːta]; Italian for "the sweet life" or "the good life") is a 1960 satirical comedy-drama film directed and co-written (with Ennio Flaiano, Tullio Pinelli and Brunello Rondi) by Federico Fellini. The film stars Marcello Mastroianni as Marcello Rubini, a tabloid journalist who, over seven days and nights, journeys through the "sweet life" of Rome in a fruitless search for love and happiness. The screenplay, written by Fellini and three other screenwriters, can be divided into a prologue, seven major episodes interrupted by an intermezzo, and an epilogue, according to the most common interpretation.Released in Italy on 5 February 1960, La Dolce Vita was both a critical success and worldwide commercial hit, despite censorship in some regions. It won the Palme d'Or at the 1960 Cannes Film Festival and the Academy Award for Best Costumes. It was nominated for three more Oscars, including Best Director for Federico Fellini, and Best Original Screenplay. Its success proved a watershed moment for Italian cinema and European cinema-at-large, and it has come to be regarded as a masterpiece of Italian cinema and one of the greatest films of all time.
<Ben_Alnwick>	Benjamin Robert Alnwick (born 1 January 1987) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper. Currently unattached, he last played for EFL League 1 team Bolton Wanderers.Alnwick started his career at Sunderland in 2004, having progressed through the club's youth ranks, but never fully established himself in the first team. He left for Tottenham Hotspur in January 2007, having made 19 league appearances, but never made more than a single league appearance for Tottenham. Instead, he spent several loan spells away from the club, at Luton Town, Leicester City, Carlisle United, Norwich City, Leeds United, Doncaster Rovers and Leyton Orient. He switched permanently to Barnsley in July 2012, and made 12 appearances, but was deemed surplus to requirements in September 2013, and his contract was terminated by mutual consent.
<Li_Jinhui>	Li Jinhui (Chinese: 黎錦暉; pinyin: Lí Jǐnhuī; 5 September 1891 – 15 February 1967 although some sources suggest he died 1968) was a Chinese composer and songwriter born in Xiangtan, Hunan, Qing China. He is often dubbed as the "Father of Chinese popular music". He created a new musical form with shidaiqu after the fall of the Qing Dynasty—moving away from established musical forms.  Although Li's music was extremely popular, the Chinese Nationalist Party attempted to ban his music.  Critics branded his music as "Yellow Music", a form of pornography, because of its sexual associations and he was branded a "corruptor" of public morals. This kind of popular music was banned in China after the Communist takeover in 1949, and Li was eventually hounded to his death, a victim of political persecution in 1967 during the height of the Cultural Revolution.Born into a scholarly family in Xiangtan, Hunan, Li Jinhui was the second oldest of the renowned eight Li brothers. His older brother Li Jinxi was a prominent linguist who taught Mao Zedong, and his youngest brother Chin Yang Lee (Li Jinyang) later became a bestselling author in the US.Li grew up studying the Confucian classics and attending progressive schools like Shaoshan and Xiangtan.  In total he had 8 brothers, including Li Jinxi, who became  One of the earliest instruments Li studied was the guqin.
<Gordon_Prentice>	Gordon Prentice (born 28 January 1951) is a British former politician of the Labour Party who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Pendle in Lancashire from 1992 to 2010.He was educated at the independent George Heriot's School in Edinburgh and the University of Glasgow, where he received an MA in Politics and Economics in 1975, and was president of the union. He then worked for the Labour Party Policy Directorate from 1982 to 1992.
<World_Wrestling_Network>	The World Wrestling Network was a National Wrestling Alliance-affiliated professional wrestling promotion which was owned by promoter Jim Crockett, Jr., his last attempt to rebuild a national wrestling promotion after selling Jim Crockett Promotions to Ted Turner in 1988. As part of a non-compete clause in the agreement he signed with Turner, Crockett was unable to promote professional wrestling events for three years.In 1993, Crockett began contacting former World Championship Wrestling and World Wrestling Federation veterans such as Road Warrior Hawk, Jake "The Snake" Roberts and Paul Heyman. Heyman, who had recently left on bad terms with WCW, eventually became head booker for the promotion although he and Crockett would eventually part ways due to his commitments to then Eastern Championship Wrestling and ECW's eventual breakaway from the National Wrestling Alliance.
<University_of_Texas_Health_Science_Center_at_San_Antonio>	The University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio (UT Health San Antonio) is a public academic health science center in San Antonio, Texas. It is part of the University of Texas System.UT Health San Antonio is the largest health sciences university in South Texas. It is located in the South Texas Medical Center and serves San Antonio and all of the 50,000 square miles (130,000 km2) area of Central and South Texas. It extends to campuses in the Texas border communities of Laredo and the Lower Rio Grande Valley.UT Health San Antonio has produced more than 39,700 graduates; more than 3,400 students a year train in an environment that involves more than 100 affiliated hospitals, clinics and health care facilities in South Texas. The university offers more than 65 degrees, the large majority of them being graduate and professional degrees, in the biomedical and health sciences fields.
<Grigory_Margulis>	Grigory Aleksandrovich Margulis (Russian: Григо́рий Алекса́ндрович Маргу́лис, first name often given as Gregory, Grigori or Gregori; born February 24, 1946) is a Russian-American mathematician known for his work on lattices in Lie groups, and the introduction of methods from ergodic theory into diophantine approximation. He was awarded a Fields Medal in 1978, a Wolf Prize in Mathematics in 2005, and an Abel Prize in 2020, becoming the fifth mathematician to receive the three prizes. In 1991, he joined the faculty of Yale University, where he is currently the Erastus L. De Forest Professor of Mathematics.Margulis was born to a Russian family of Lithuanian Jewish descent in Moscow, Soviet Union. At age 16 in 1962 he won the silver medal at the International Mathematical Olympiad. He received his PhD in 1970 from the Moscow State University, starting research in ergodic theory under the supervision of Yakov Sinai.  Early work with David Kazhdan produced the Kazhdan–Margulis theorem, a basic result on discrete groups. His superrigidity theorem from 1975 clarified an area of classical conjectures about the characterisation of arithmetic groups amongst lattices in Lie groups.He was awarded the Fields Medal in 1978, but was not permitted to travel to Helsinki to accept it in person, allegedly due to anti-semitism against Jewish mathematicians in the Soviet Union. His position improved, and in 1979 he visited Bonn, and was later able to travel freely, though he still worked in the Institute of Problems of Information Transmission, a research institute rather than a university. In 1991, Margulis accepted a professorial position at Yale University.
<John_Boyland>	John Boyland (11 September 1874 – 14 December 1922) was an Australian trade unionist and politician who was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1921 until his death, representing the seat of Kalgoorlie.Boyland was born in Sandhurst, Victoria, to Jane (née Duncan) and John Boyland. He left school at an early age and eventually found his way to Queensland, where he was involved in the 1891 shearer's strike. Boyland arrived in Western Australia in 1895, during the gold rush, and worked as an underground miner for periods in Menzies and Kalgoorlie. He eventually became involved in the union movement, serving as an official for local branches of miners' unions and general unions. Following the 1916 Labor Party split over the issue of conscription, Boyland joined the new National Labor Party. He stood for parliament at the 1917 state election, but was defeated by John Lutey in the seat of Brownhill-Ivanhoe. At the 1921 election, Boyland ran in Kalgoorlie as an "independent Nationalist" candidate, and defeated the sitting Labor member, Albert Green. However, he died in office in December 1922, succumbing to miner's phthisis. He had married Bertha Bridger in 1906, with whom he had three children.
<Lee_Keun-ho>	Lee Keun-ho (Korean: 이근호, born: 11 April 1985) is a South Korean footballer who plays for Daegu FC and South Korea national team. His pace, work-rate, and link-up plays mark him as a highly rated forward in Asia. South Korean international since 2007, he currently has 19 goals in 84 caps. He represented his country in the 2014 FIFA World Cup.After graduating from Bupyeong High School, Lee joined local side Incheon United in 2004. He stayed in Incheon's reserve team for three years, but got a chance to play for a K League club after winning the Best Player award in the R League contested between reserve teams. Daegu FC signed him at the beginning of 2007 season.
<Ian_Chubb>	Ian William Chubb AC FAA (born 17 October 1943) is an Australian neuroscientist and academic, who was the Chief Scientist of Australia from 23 May 2011 to 22 January 2016.Chubb has a Masters in Science, a DPhil from the University of Oxford, honorary doctorates from Flinders University, Charles Darwin University, Australian National University, Monash University, Sunshine Coast University and Melbourne University.
<Benedict_Zilliacus>	Emil Benedict Zilliacus (11 January 1921 – 28 January 2013) was a Swedish-speaking Finnish journalist, author, scriptwriter and translator.Zilliacus was born in Helsinki, Finland.  He wrote screenplays for many  movies, including Etulinjan edessä (Beyond the Front Line), which he wrote together with Stefan Forss.In the 1950s and 1960s, he wrote a revue for the Swedish theater Lilla Teatern in Helsinki every other year, or sometimes more often; the show became very popular.
<University_of_Leeds>	The University of Leeds is a public research university in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England. It was established in 1874 as the Yorkshire College of Science. In 1884 it merged with the Leeds School of Medicine (established 1831) and was renamed Yorkshire College. It became part of the federal Victoria University in 1887, joining Owens College (which became the University of Manchester) and University College Liverpool (which became the University of Liverpool). In 1904 a royal charter was granted to the University of Leeds by King Edward VII.The university has 36,330 students, the 5th largest university in the UK (out of 169). From 2006 to present, the university has consistently been ranked within the top five (alongside the University of Manchester, Manchester Metropolitan University, the University of Nottingham and the University of Edinburgh) in the United Kingdom for the number of applications received. Leeds had an income of £751.7 million in 2020/21, of which £130.1 million was from research grants and contracts. The university has financial endowments of £90.5 million (2020–21), ranking outside the top ten British universities by financial endowment.
<CA_Harvest_Software_Change_Manager>	CA Harvest Software Change Manager (originally known as CCC/Harvest) is a software tool for the configuration management (revision control, SCM, etc.) of source code and other software development assets.The first CCC (acronym for 'Change and Configuration Control') product was released in the early 70s and was designed as a project for a Defense Department contractor in Santa Barbara CA. (The company at the time was Hughes Aircraft, now Santa Barbara Research Center for Raytheon.) It became the first commercially available CM tool.CCC was designed to manage all the components that went into an aircraft engine, and seeing as the same engine was used by both the U.S. Air Force and U.S. Navy (for the F-14 Tomcat and F-15 Eagle) it required robust and reliable parallel development.
<DuPont>	DuPont de Nemours, Inc., commonly shortened to DuPont, is an American multinational chemical company first formed in 1802 by French-American chemist and industrialist Éleuthère Irénée du Pont de Nemours. The company played a major role in the development of Delaware and first arose as a major supplier of gunpowder. DuPont developed many polymers such as Vespel, neoprene, nylon, Corian, Teflon, Mylar, Kapton, Kevlar, Zemdrain, M5 fiber, Nomex, Tyvek, Sorona, Corfam and Lycra in the 20th century, and its scientists developed many chemicals, most notably Freon (chlorofluorocarbons), for the refrigerant industry. It also developed synthetic pigments and paints including ChromaFlair.In 2015, DuPont and the Dow Chemical Company agreed to a reorganization plan in which the two companies would merge and split into three. As a merged entity, DuPont simultaneously acquired Dow and renamed itself to DowDuPont on August 31, 2017, and after 18 months spin off the merged entity's material science divisions into a new corporate entity bearing Dow Chemical's name and agribusiness divisions into the newly-created Corteva; DowDuPont reverted its name to DuPont and kept the specialty products divisions. Prior to the spinoffs it was the world's largest chemical company in terms of sales. The merger has been reported to be worth an estimated $130 billion. The present DuPont, as prior to the merger, is headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware, in the state where it is incorporated.
<Purdue_University>	Purdue University is a public land-grant research university in West Lafayette, Indiana, and the flagship campus of the Purdue University system. The university was founded in 1869 after Lafayette businessman John Purdue donated land and money to establish a college of science, technology, and agriculture in his name. The first classes were held on September 16, 1874, with six instructors and 39 students. It has been ranked as among the best public universities in the United States by major institutional rankings, and is renowned for its engineering program.The main campus in West Lafayette offers more than 200 majors for undergraduates, over 70 masters and doctoral programs, and professional degrees in pharmacy, veterinary medicine, and doctor of nursing practice. In addition, Purdue has 18 intercollegiate sports teams and more than 900 student organizations. Purdue is the founding member of the Big Ten Conference and enrolls the largest student body of any individual university campus in Indiana, as well as the ninth-largest foreign student population of any university in the United States.
<Krishna_(TV_actor)>	Krishna is an Indian film and television actor. He is best known for playing the lead role in the Deivamagal as Prakash which telecasted on Sun TV.Krishna was born in Chennai. His parents had migrated from Tamil Nadu to New Delhi after his birth, and he grew up in New Delhi. He obtained his formal education from Kendriya Vidyalaya and  Birla Institute of Technology, Noida. He also did a three-month course in acting from Asian Academy of Film & Television (AAFT) Noida.
<Ahmed_Deen>	Ahmed Nuru Deen (born 30 June 1985) is a Sierra Leonean footballer who plays as a left back for FC Elmstead. He has played for the Sierra Leone national team.Deen made his senior debut for Sierra Leone on 24 March 2007 against Togo in a 2008 African Nations Cup qualifier played in Freetown.
<Roger_Penrose>	Sir Roger Penrose OM FRS HonFInstP (born 8 August 1931) is an English mathematician, mathematical physicist, philosopher of science and Nobel Laureate in Physics. He is Emeritus Rouse Ball Professor of Mathematics in the University of Oxford, an emeritus fellow of Wadham College, Oxford, and an honorary fellow of St John's College, Cambridge and University College London.Penrose has contributed to the mathematical physics of general relativity and cosmology. He has received several prizes and awards, including the 1988 Wolf Prize in Physics, which he shared with Stephen Hawking for the Penrose–Hawking singularity theorems, and one half of the 2020 Nobel Prize in Physics "for the discovery that black hole formation is a robust prediction of the general theory of relativity". He is regarded as one of the greatest living physicists, mathematicians and scientists, and is particularly noted for the breadth and depth of his work in both natural and formal sciences.
<Jesse_Helms>	Jesse Alexander Helms Jr. (October 18, 1921 – July 4, 2008) was an American politician. A leader in the conservative movement, he served as a senator from North Carolina from 1973 to 2003. As chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee from 1995 to 2001, he had a major voice in foreign policy. Helms helped organize and fund the conservative resurgence in the 1970s, focusing on Ronald Reagan's quest for the White House as well as helping many local and regional candidates.On domestic social issues, Helms opposed civil rights, disability rights, environmentalism, feminism, gay rights, affirmative action, access to abortions, the Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA), and the National Endowment for the Arts. Helms brought an "aggressiveness" to his conservatism, as in his rhetoric against homosexuality. The Almanac of American Politics once wrote that "no American politician is more controversial, beloved in some quarters and hated in others, than Jesse Helms".
<Elliot_Lawrence>	Elliott Lawrence Broza (February 14, 1925 – July 2, 2021), known professionally as Elliott Lawrence, was an American jazz pianist and bandleader.Son of the broadcaster Stan Lee Broza, Lawrence led his first dance band at age 20, but he played swing at the time its heyday was coming to a close. He recorded copiously as a bandleader for Columbia, Decca, King, Fantasy, Vik, and SESAC between 1946 and 1960. Lawrence was music director for the Tony awards show.
<Government_of_Serbia>	The Government of Serbia (Serbian: Влада Србије, romanized: Vlada Srbije), formally the Government of the Republic of Serbia (Serbian: Влада Републике Србије, romanized: Vlada Republike Srbije), commonly abbreviated to Serbian Government (Serbian: Српска Влада, romanized: Srpska Vlada), is the executive branch of government in Serbia.The affairs of government are decided by the Cabinet of Ministers, which is led by the Prime Minister. The government is housed in a Ministry of Finance of Kingdom of Yugoslavia Building.According to the Constitution of Serbia, the Government:
<Ian_Keith>	Ian Keith (born Keith Ross; February 27, 1899 – March 26, 1960) was an American actor.Born in Boston, Massachusetts, Keith grew up in Chicago. He was educated at the Francis Parker School there and played Hamlet in a school production at age 16.
<Michael_Weatherly>	Michael Manning Weatherly Jr. (born July 8, 1968) is an American actor, producer, director, and musician, known for playing the roles of Anthony DiNozzo in the television series NCIS (2003–2016) and Logan Cale in Dark Angel (2000–2002). In 2016, he began the title role of Dr. Jason Bull in Bull, a courtroom drama. He also starred in Meet Wally Sparks.Weatherly was born in New York and raised in Fairfield, Connecticut.  His parents are Patricia (née Hetherington) and Michael Weatherly. Weatherly is of Irish descent.Weatherly attended Fairfield Country Day School and graduated from Brooks School in North Andover, Massachusetts. He attended Boston University, Menlo College, American University, and The American University of Paris but left college to pursue acting.
<Caisse_de_dépôt_et_de_gestion>	The Caisse de dépot et de gestion (French for Deposit and Management Fund, shortened as CDG) is a state-owned financial institution which manages long-term savings in Morocco. Given its substantial assets it also acts as a large investor in the country, especially in the tourism sector. It possesses many subsidiaries operating in various sectors of the Economy.The CDG handles in particular the savings of the RCAR (Régime Collectif d'Allocations de Retraite) and the CNRA (Caisse Nationale de Retraites et d'Assurances) pension funds which groups the retirement contributions of the employees of state-owned companies and agencies. Between 2005 and 2008, CDG gained substantial funding when it acquired the management of the retirement savings of the OCP, the world's leading phosphate producer and exporter. CDG is modeled after the French fund Caisse des dépôts et consignations.The fund was created in 1959 by Mamoun Tahiri, it holds about 35% of public savings in Morocco.
<Interpreter_of_Maladies>	Interpreter of Maladies is a book collection of nine short stories by American author of Indian origin Jhumpa Lahiri published in 1999. It won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the Hemingway Foundation/PEN Award in the year 2000 and has sold over 15 million copies worldwide.  It was also chosen as The New Yorker's Best Debut of the Year and is on Oprah Winfrey's Top Ten Book List.The stories are about the lives of Indians and Indian Americans who are caught between their roots and the "New World".A married couple, Shukumar and Shoba, live as strangers in their house until an electrical outage brings them together when all of sudden "they [are] able to talk to each other again" in the four nights of darkness. From the point of view of Shukumar, we are given bits and pieces of memory which slowly gives insight into what has caused the distance in the marriage. For a brief moment, it seems the distance is nothing but perhaps a result of a disagreement. However, descriptions of Shukumar and Shoba's changed physical appearances begin to hint at something much more than a lovers’ quarrel. We soon find out that both characters’ worn outward appearance results from their internal, emotional strife that has caused such deeply woven alienation from each other.
<Justice_League_Unlimited>	Justice League Unlimited (JLU) is a 2004–2006 American superhero animated television series that was produced by Warner Bros. Animation and aired on Cartoon Network. Featuring a wide array of superheroes from the DC Comics universe, and specifically based on the Justice League superhero team, it is a direct sequel to the previous Justice League animated series and picks up around two years after where Justice League left off. Like its predecessor, the show is also a prequel to Batman Beyond. JLU debuted on July 31, 2004, on Toonami and ended on May 13, 2006. It is the eighth and final series of the DC Animated Universe, which started with Batman: The Animated Series in 1992.Boomerang reran the series from June 3, 2007 to March 26, 2010, as part of Boomeraction. The series also aired as part of The CW's Vortexx Saturday morning block from August 25, 2012 to August 23, 2014.According to animator Bruce Timm, the series finale of Justice League, "Starcrossed", was originally planned to be the final episode of the series; however, Cartoon Network ordered the production of a successor, titled Justice League Unlimited. Taking place shortly after its predecessor ended, it features a greatly expanded League, in which the characters from the original series—now referred to as "founding members"—are joined by many other superheroes from the DC Universe; in the first episode, well over 50 characters appear. A number of these were heroes who had made guest appearances in Justice League, but many heroes and other characters made their first animated appearances in this series. The general format of each episode is to have a small team assemble to deal with a particular situation, with a focus on both action and character interaction. This extension of the Justice League was originally planned to be explained in a planned direct-to-video feature film, but the project never materialized.
<Canada>	Coordinates: 60°N 110°W﻿ / ﻿60°N 110°W﻿ / 60; -110Canada is a country in North America. Its ten provinces and three territories extend from the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific Ocean and northward into the Arctic Ocean, covering over 9.98 million square kilometres (3.85 million square miles), making it the world's second-largest country by total area. Its southern and western border with the United States, stretching 8,891 kilometres (5,525 mi), is the world's longest binational land border. Canada's capital is Ottawa, and its three largest metropolitan areas are Toronto, Montreal, and Vancouver.Indigenous peoples have continuously inhabited what is now Canada for thousands of years. Beginning in the 16th century, British and French expeditions explored and later settled along the Atlantic coast. As a consequence of various armed conflicts, France ceded nearly all of its colonies in North America in 1763. In 1867, with the union of three British North American colonies through Confederation, Canada was formed as a federal dominion of four provinces. This began an accretion of provinces and territories and a process of increasing autonomy from the United Kingdom. This widening autonomy was highlighted by the Statute of Westminster 1931 and culminated in the Canada Act 1982, which severed the vestiges of legal dependence on the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
<Saint_Petersburg>	Saint Petersburg (Russian: Санкт-Петербург, tr. Sankt-Peterburg, IPA: [ˈsankt pʲɪtʲɪrˈburk] (listen)), formerly known as Petrograd (1914–1924) and later Leningrad (1924–1991), is the second-largest city in Russia. It is situated on the Neva River, at the head of the Gulf of Finland on the Baltic Sea, with a population of roughly 5.4 million residents. Saint Petersburg is the fourth-most populous city in Europe after Istanbul, Moscow and London, the most populous city on the Baltic Sea, and the world's northernmost city of more than 1 million residents. As Russia's Imperial capital, and a historically strategic port, it is governed as a federal city.      The city was founded by Tsar Peter the Great on 27 May 1703 on the site of a captured Swedish fortress, and was named after apostle Saint Peter. In Russia, Saint Petersburg is historically and culturally associated with the birth of the Russian Empire and Russia's entry into modern history as a European great power. It served as a capital of the Tsardom of Russia, and the subsequent Russian Empire, from 1713 to 1918 (being replaced by Moscow for a short period of time between 1728 and 1730). After the October Revolution in 1917, the Bolsheviks moved their government to Moscow.
<Kolkata>	Kolkata (UK: /kɒlˈkɑːtə/, US: /koʊlˈkɑːtɑː/ or UK: /kɒlˈkʌtə/, Bengali: [kolˈkata] (listen); also known as Calcutta /kælˈkʌtə/, the official name until 2001) is the capital of the Indian state of West Bengal, on the eastern bank of the Hooghly River 80 km (50 mi) west of the border with Bangladesh. It is the primary business, commercial, and financial hub of Eastern India and the main port of communication for North-East India. According to the 2011 Indian census, Kolkata is the seventh-most populous city in India, with a population of 45 lakh (4.5 million) residents within the city limits, and a population of over 1.41 crore (14.1 million) residents in the Kolkata Metropolitan Area. It is the third-most populous metropolitan area in India. In 2021, the Kolkata metropolitan area crossed 1.5 crore (15 million) registered voters. The Port of Kolkata is India's oldest operating port and its sole major riverine port. Kolkata is regarded as the cultural capital of India. Kolkata is the second largest Bengali-speaking city after Dhaka. It has the highest number of  nobel laureates among all cities in India.In the late 17th century, the three villages that predated Calcutta were ruled by the Nawab of Bengal under Mughal suzerainty. After the Nawab granted the East India Company a trading licence in 1690, the area was developed by the Company into an increasingly fortified trading post known as Fort William. Nawab Siraj ud-Daulah occupied Calcutta in 1756, and the East India Company retook it the following year. In 1793 the East India Company was strong enough to abolish native rule, and assumed full sovereignty of the region. Under company rule and later under the British Raj, Calcutta served as the capital of British-held territories in India until 1911. In that year, after assessing its geographical location, combined with growing nationalism in Bengal (Calcutta became the centre for the Indian independence movement), the British moved the capital to the relatively more centrally located New Delhi.
<Andrew_Miller_(actor)>	Andrew Miller (born February 25, 1969) is a Canadian actor, writer, and director.  He is known for his role as Kazan in the 1997 science fiction horror film Cube and for playing Creon in the 2020 PBS adaptation of Oedipus Rex.Miller began his career as an actor at age 16 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Early theater roles include Moritz Stiefel in Frank Wedekind's Spring Awakening and Eugene Morris Jerome in Neil Simon's Brighton Beach Memoirs. Film roles include Simon in South of Wawa, written by bestselling Canadian novelist and screenwriter Lori Lansens; Kazan, the autistic man, in Vincenzo Natali's Cube; and Donald in Oh, What a Night, for which he was nominated for a 1992 Genie Award for Best Supporting Actor.
<Robert_A._Dahl>	Robert Alan Dahl (/dɑːl/; December 17, 1915 – February 5, 2014) was an American political theorist and Sterling Professor of Political Science at Yale University. He established the pluralist theory of democracy—in which political outcomes are enacted through competitive, if unequal, interest groups—and introduced "polyarchy" as a descriptor of actual democratic governance. An originator of "empirical theory" and known for advancing behavioralist characterizations of political power, Dahl's research focused on the nature of decision making in actual institutions, such as American cities. He is the most important scholar associated with the pluralist approach to describing and understanding both city and national power structures.
<National_University_of_Singapore>	The National University of Singapore (NUS) is a national public research university in Singapore. Founded in 1905 as the Straits Settlements and Federated Malay States Government Medical School, NUS is the oldest autonomous university in the country. It offers degree programmes in a wide range of disciplines at both the undergraduate and postgraduate levels, including in the sciences, medicine and dentistry, design and environment, law, arts and social sciences, engineering, business, computing, and music.NUS is one of the most highly-ranked academic institutions in the world. It has consistently featured in the top 30 of the Quacquarelli Symonds (QS) World University Rankings and the Times Higher Education (THE) World University Rankings, and in the top 100 of the Academic Ranking of World Universities (ARWU). As of 2022-2023, NUS is 11th worldwide according to QS  and 19th worldwide according to THE.
<Andrew_Marr>	Andrew William Stevenson Marr (born 31 July 1959) is a British journalist and broadcaster. Beginning his career as a political commentator, he subsequently edited The Independent newspaper from 1996 to 1998 and was political editor of BBC News from 2000 to 2005.  In 2002, Marr took over as host of BBC Radio 4's long-running Start the Week Monday morning discussion programme. He began hosting a political programme—Sunday AM, later called The Andrew Marr Show—on Sunday mornings on BBC One in September 2005.
<NEC>	NEC Corporation (日本電気株式会社, Nippon Denki Kabushiki-gaisha) is a Japanese multinational information technology and electronics corporation, headquartered in Minato, Tokyo. The company was known as the Nippon Electric Company, Limited, before rebranding in 1983 as NEC. It provides IT and network solutions, including cloud computing, artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of things (IoT) platform, and telecommunications equipment and software to business enterprises, communications services providers and to government agencies, and has also been the biggest PC vendor in Japan since the 1980s when it launched the PC-8000 series.NEC was the world's fourth-largest PC manufacturer by 1990. Its semiconductors business unit was the world's largest semiconductor company by annual revenue from 1985 to 1992, the second largest in 1995, one of the top three in 2000, and one of the top 10 in 2006. NEC spun off its semiconductor business to Renesas Electronics and Elpida Memory. Once Japan's major electronics company, NEC has largely withdrawn from manufacturing since the beginning of the 21st century.
<José_Soares>	José Feliciano Loureiro Soares (born 23 February 1976) is a Portuguese retired professional footballer who played as a central defender.Born in Elvas, Alentejo, Soares signed with Benfica in 1990 to compete his formation, from local O Elvas CAD. He served mainly as backup to the main squad during his spell, also being loaned to F.C. Alverca which acted as the farm team.
<Agrigento>	Agrigento (Italian: [aɡriˈdʒɛnto] (listen); Sicilian: Girgenti [dʒɪɾˈdʒɛndɪ] or Giurgenti [dʒʊɾˈdʒɛndɪ]; Ancient Greek: Ἀκράγας, romanized: Akrágas; Latin: Agrigentum or Acragas; Arabic: كركنت, romanized: Kirkant, or جرجنت Jirjant) is a city on the southern coast of Sicily, Italy and capital of the province of Agrigento. It was one of the leading cities of Magna Graecia during the golden age of Ancient Greece with population estimates in the range of 200,000 to 800,000 before 406 BC.Akragas was founded on a plateau overlooking the sea, with two nearby rivers, the Hypsas and the Acragas, after which the settlement was originally named. A ridge, which offered a degree of natural fortification, links a hill to the north called Colle di Girgenti with another, called Rupe Atenea, to the east. According to Thucydides, it was founded around 582-580 BC by Greek colonists from Gela in eastern Sicily, with further colonists from Crete and Rhodes. The founders (oikistai) of the new city were Aristonous and Pystilus. It was the last of the major Greek colonies in Sicily to be founded.The territory under Akragas's control expanded to comprise the whole area between the Platani and the Salso, and reached deep into the Sicilian interior. Greek literary sources connect this expansion with military campaigns, but archaeological evidence indicates that this was a much longer term process which reached its peak only in the early fifth century BC. Most other Greek settlements in Sicily experienced similar territorial expansion in this period. Excavations at a range of sites in this region inhabited by the indigenous Sican people, such as Monte Sabbucina, Gibil-Gabil, Vasallaggi, San Angelo Muxano, and Mussomeli, show signs of the adoption of Greek culture. It is disputed how much of this expansion was carried out by violence and how much by commerce and acculturation. The territorial expansion provided land for the Greek settlers to farm, native slaves to work these farms, and control of the overland route from Acragas to the city of Himera on the northern coast of Sicily. This was the main land route from the Straits of Sicily to the Tyrrhenian Sea and Acragas' control of it was a key factor in its economic prosperity in the sixth and fifth centuries BC, which became proverbial. Famously, Plato, upon seeing the living standard of the inhabitants, was said to have remarked that "they build like they intend to live forever, yet eat like this is their last day." Perhaps as a result of this wealth, Acragas was one of the first communities in Sicily to begin minting its own coinage, around 520 BC.  
<Eugene_(actress)>	Kim Yoo-jin (born March 3, 1981), known professionally as Eugene, is a South Korean singer and actress. She is best known as a former member of the girl group S.E.S., which went on to become one of South Korea's best-selling artists. Following the group's disbandment in 2002, she subsequently left SM Entertainment and released two solo studio albums.As an actress, Eugene has participated in various television dramas and movies, making her acting debut in KBS2 Loving You (2002). Her other notable roles include in Save the Last Dance for Me (2004), Wonderful Life (2005), Bread, Love and Dreams (2010), A Hundred Year Legacy (2013), All About My Mom (2015) and The Penthouse: War in Life (2020–2021).
<Guy_Medal>	The Guy Medals are awarded by the Royal Statistical Society in three categories; Gold, Silver and Bronze. The Silver and Bronze medals are awarded annually. The Gold Medal was awarded every three years between 1987 and 2011, but is awarded biennially as of 2019. They are named after William Guy.
<Sherman_Oaks,_Los_Angeles>	Sherman Oaks is a neighborhood in the city of Los Angeles, California located in the San Fernando Valley, founded in 1927. The neighborhood includes a portion of the Santa Monica Mountains, which gives Sherman Oaks a lower population density than some other areas in Los Angeles.A partner of the Los Angeles Suburban Homes Company, Gen. Moses Hazeltine Sherman, developed Sherman Oaks. The company had subdivided 1,000 acres (400 ha) of land that would become Sherman Oaks. In 1927, each acre was sold for $780. Sherman's other major venture was the Los Angeles Pacific Railroad.In 1991, a group of  homeowners living in the Chandler Estates area successfully petitioned former Los Angeles City Councilmember Zev Yaroslavsky to re-draw the boundaries of Sherman Oaks from Magnolia to Burbank Blvd to the north, and from Coldwater Canyon to Van Nuys Blvd to the west, with the goal of including their neighborhood. This request was nothing new to the San Fernando Valley; other neighborhoods had either sought to change their names, or sought to attach themselves onto more affluent neighborhoods. Residents in the area argued, however, that the area was originally part of Sherman Oaks, but was labeled Van Nuys instead through the creation of ZIP codes in 1962; a resident produced a property deed to buttress the case.
<Generali_Italia>	Generali Italia S.p.A. or simply Generali is an Italian insurance company based in Mogliano Veneto, which is a subsidiary of Generali Group. Alleanza Assicurazioni, DAS, Genagricola, Genertel and Genertellife, Generali Welion and Generali Jeniot are headed by Generali Italia.The company was founded on July 1, 2013 when the Italian branch of Assicurazioni Generali was transferred to INA Assitalia and the name was changed to Generali Italia SpA. The insurance activities of the Toro Group (Toro, Lloyd Italico and Augusta) were then integrated. Sergio Balbinot was the first chairmen and Raffaele Agrusti the CEO; their office lasted until the approval of the 2013 financial statements. On 7 October 2013 Philippe Donnet joined the Generali Group and became Country Manager Italy and CEO of Generali Italia.In May 2016 Marco Sesana was appointed Chief Executive Officer and General Manager.In the following three years a new phase started and two new companies were born: Generali Welion, an integrated welfare company, and Generali Jeniot, which deals with IoT services and connected insurance.In May 2020, IVASS, the supervisory entity for the sector, ordered Cattolica's top management to carry out a capital increase of 500 million by 30 October 2020. On 25 June 2020, Generali and Cattolica announce a strategic partnership which consists in the entry of Generali into Cattolica with a stake of 24.4%
<Ryan_Nagode>	Ryan Nagode is an automobile stylist and currently the chief designer for RAM/SRT Interior Studio at Stellantis. In 2014, Nagode was named to the  Automotive News "40 under 40."A graduate of the Cleveland Institute of Art Industrial Design Program in 2003, Nagode designed the exterior of the Dodge Avenger;  the Dodge Journey; the interior of the 2009 Dodge Ram and 2011 Jeep Wrangler; and directed the design studio for the 2013 RAM 1500/2500/3500 interiors, including the Laramie Longhorn and Limited models, as well as the 2013 Dodge Dart and the return of the 2013 SRT Viper.[citation needed]In a 2007 interview, Nagode said the front end of the Avenger was inspired by a fond pair of the designer's Oakley sunglasses  and the feeling they give him when he wore them.
<ATV_(Austria)>	ATV is the largest commercial television station in Austria, and was the first commercial station to be aired via transmitters after a long time when commercial broadcasts in Austria were only possible via satellite or cable and the national public broadcaster ORF held a monopoly of using the airwaves.According to the current broadcasting legislation in Austria, ATV has to be transmitted nationwide alongside the two public channels ORF1 and ORF2 via digital terrestrial television and satellite as well as all cable companies in Austria have to provide at least these three channels to their subscribers.Satellite broadcasts are encrypted as are the ORF channels but it is possible to watch ATV by using the decoding cards issued by ORF. These cards can be obtained only by people living in Austria and paying the television license fees.Another important Austrian commercial television stations available on digital terrestrial television, satellite and cable is Puls 4, although these have to arrange their broadcasting independently since they are not covered by the aforementioned Austrian television legislation regulating the two ORF channels and ATV.
<The_Conformist>	The Conformist (Il conformista) is a novel by Alberto Moravia published in 1951, which details the life and desire for normality of a government official during Italy's fascist period. It is also known for the 1970 film adaptation by Bernardo Bertolucci.In the prologue, the reader witnesses numerous formative events from a short period in Marcello's childhood. In the first, Marcello coldly kills several lizards in the yard between his home and the home of his neighbor and friend, Roberto. He tries to coax Roberto into offering approval of this behavior, and when Roberto doesn’t comply, they fight and Roberto leaves. Marcello later obtains a slingshot and fires a few stones through the ivy that covers the fence around Roberto's family's house, only to find that he has killed their family cat instead of Roberto. Marcello is mortified not so much by his actions but by what he perceives as the abnormality of his sentiments.Marcello also witnesses a fight between his parents that is later revealed to mark the beginning of his father's decline into mental illness. Marcello's mother and housemaid discover that his father has vandalized a photograph of Marcello and his mother by poking holes through their eyes and drawing streaks of blood on their faces. His father ultimately chases his mother around the house and attacks her in the bedroom, leaving Marcello torn between whether to rescue his mother or aid his father. It is revealed that Marcello's father often physically abuses the boy.
<Tom_Noonan>	Tom Noonan (born April 12, 1951) is an American actor, director, and screenwriter, best known for his roles as Francis Dolarhyde in Manhunter (1986), Frankenstein's Monster in The Monster Squad (1987), Cain in RoboCop 2 (1990), The Ripper in Last Action Hero (1993), Sammy Barnathan in Synecdoche, New York (2008), Reverend Nathaniel in Hell on Wheels (2011–2014), the Pallid Man in 12 Monkeys (2015–2018) and as the voice of everyone but the two main characters in Anomalisa (2015).Noonan is also a writer and director of theatre and film. His debut feature film What Happened Was (1994) won the Dramatic Grand Jury Prize and Screenwriting Award at the Sundance Film Festival.Noonan was born in Greenwich, Connecticut, the son of Rita (McGannon), a mathematics teacher, and John Noonan Sr., a jazz musician and doctor of dental surgery. He had an older brother, John Ford Noonan, a playwright, and two sisters, Barbara and Nancy. Noonan was a very talented basketball player, and said "playing basketball is how I learned to perform in a lot of ways. It’s how I got interested in performing... I never acted as a kid. I never did school plays. I never acted until I was 27...you learn a lot when you’re in front of people and you’ve got a crowd going and you’re doing something that you love to do. A lot of the skills that you would need for acting come through that... It’s like a life and death struggle in front of people that you hope to impress."
<Waterbury,_Connecticut>	Waterbury is a city in the U.S. state of Connecticut on the Naugatuck River, 33 miles (53 km) southwest of Hartford and 77 miles (124 km) northeast of New York City. Waterbury is the second-largest city in New Haven County, Connecticut.  According to the 2020 US Census, in 2020 Waterbury had a population of 114,403. As of the 2010 census, Waterbury had a population of 110,366, making it the 10th largest city in the New York Metropolitan Area, 9th largest city in New England and the 5th largest city in Connecticut.Throughout the first half of the 20th century, Waterbury had large industrial interests and was the leading center in the United States for the manufacture of brassware (including castings and finishings), as reflected in the nickname the "Brass City" and the city's motto Quid Aere Perennius? ("What Is More Lasting Than Brass?"). It was also noted for the manufacture of watches and clocks (Timex).
<Tigervision>	Tigervision was a subsidiary of Tiger Toys which produced video games for the Atari 2600, Atari 8-bit family, TI-99/4A, VIC-20 and  Commodore 64. Most of their games were ports. Polaris and River Patrol were originally arcade games from Taito and Orca, respectively. Marauder, Threshold, and Jawbreaker were originally computer games from Sierra On-Line. Miner 2049er was first published for the Atari 8-bit family by Big Five Software. While the Atari 8-bit version contained ten levels, it was split into two cartridges for the 2600, each sold as a separate game containing three levels.The following games were released for the Atari 2600:
<Jan_Clayton>	Jan Clayton (August 26, 1917 – August 28, 1983) was a film, musical theater, and television actress. She starred in the popular 1950s TV series Lassie.Born near Alamogordo, New Mexico, the only child of two schoolteachers, Clayton started singing by age four.
<George_S._Hammond>	George Simms Hammond (May 22, 1921 – October 5, 2005) was an American scientist and theoretical chemist who developed "Hammond's postulate", and fathered organic photochemistry,–the general theory of the geometric structure of the transition state in an organic chemical reaction. Hammond's research is also known for its influence on the philosophy of science. His research garnered him the Norris Award in 1968, the Priestley Medal in 1976, the National Medal of Science in 1994, and the Othmer Gold Medal in 2003. He served as the executive chairman of the Allied Chemical Corporation from 1979 to 1989.He was a chemist at the California Institute of Technology, and subsequently headed both the Departments of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering at the university. He conducted research at the University of Oxford and University of Basel as a Guggenheim Fellow and National Science Foundation Fellow, respectively. He served as the foreign secretary of the National Academy of Sciences from 1974 to 1978.A native of Maine, he was born and raised in Auburn; he attended nearby Bates College in Lewiston, Maine, where he graduated magna cum laude with a B.S. in chemistry in 1943. He completed his doctorate at Harvard University in 1947, under the mentorship of Paul Doughty Bartlett, and a postdoctorate at University of California, Los Angeles with Saul Winstein in 1948.
<Carly_Chaikin>	Carly Hannah Chaikin (born March 26, 1990) is an American actress.  Her acting career began in 2009 and she received her breakout role two years later, co-starring as Dalia Royce in the ABC sitcom Suburgatory. She played the role until the series' cancellation in 2014, and one year later began playing the role of Darlene in the USA Network thriller drama series Mr. Robot.Chaikin was born in Santa Monica, California, to a cardiologist father and a psychotherapist mother. She was raised Jewish and has a sister.[better source needed]
<Ansiba_Hassan>	Ansiba Hassan is an Indian actress, television anchor and dancer. Her first role was in the 2013 Tamil film Paranjothi, directed by Gobu Balaji.[citation needed] Her popularity grew as a result of her appearance in Jeethu Joseph's 2013 hit Malayalam movie Drishyam[citation needed] where she played the part of Anju, the daughter of an ordinary cable TV operator.Ansiba was born 18 June 1992, the eldest of six children born to parents Hassan and Rasiya in the Calicut district of Kerala, India. She has 3 younger brothers Ashik, Asib, Afsal and a younger sister Afsana.She completed her graduation in BSc Visual Communication.
<Kavli_Prize>	The Kavli Prize was established in 2005 as a joint venture of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters, the Norwegian Ministry of Education and Research, and the Kavli Foundation. It honors, supports, and recognizes scientists for outstanding work in the fields of astrophysics, nanoscience and neuroscience. Three prizes are awarded every second year. Each of the three Kavli Prizes consists of a gold medal, a scroll, and a cash award of US$1,000,000. The medal has a diameter of 70 millimetres (2.8 in), a thickness of 5 millimetres (0.20 in), and weighs 311 grams (11.0 oz).The first Kavli Prizes were awarded on 9 September 2008 in Oslo, presented by Haakon, Crown Prince of Norway.
<Watford>	Watford (/ˈwɒtfərd/ (listen)) is a town and borough in Hertfordshire, England, 15 miles  northwest of Central London, on the River Colne.Initially a small market town, the Grand Junction Canal encouraged the construction of paper-making mills, print works, and breweries. While industry has declined in Watford, its location near London and transport links has attracted several companies to site their headquarters in the town. Cassiobury Park is a public park that was once the manor estate of the Earls of Essex.
<Ronald_Drever>	Ronald William Prest Drever (26 October 1931 – 7 March 2017) was a Scottish experimental physicist. He was a professor emeritus at the California Institute of Technology, co-founded the LIGO project, and was a co-inventor of the Pound–Drever–Hall technique for laser stabilisation, as well as the Hughes–Drever experiment.   This work was instrumental in the first detection of gravitational waves in September 2015.Drever died on 7 March 2017, aged 85, seven months before his colleagues Rainer Weiss, Kip Thorne, and Barry Barish won the Nobel Prize in Physics for their work on the observation of gravitational waves. The trio of Drever, Thorne and Weiss shared several major physics prizes in 2016, so it is widely believed that Drever would have won the Nobel Prize in the place of Barry Barish had he not died before the Nobel Committee made their decision.Drever was educated at Glasgow Academy followed by University of Glasgow where he was awarded a bachelor's degree in 1953 followed by a  PhD in 1959 for research on orbital electron capture using proportional counters.
<Hugh_Parker_Guiler>	Hugh Parker Guiler (February 15, 1898 – January 7, 1985), also known as Ian Hugo, was Anaïs Nin's husband from 1923 until her death in 1977, and a skilled engraver and filmmaker in his own right.Guiler was born in Boston, Massachusetts, lived in Puerto Rico as a child, and went to school in Scotland. He graduated from Columbia University, where he studied economics and literature.He was working at National City Bank when he met Anaïs Nin. They married in March 1923. In 1924, they moved to Paris, and in that city Nin's wrote the best-known part of her famous diary. In 1939, shortly before World War II, Parker and Nin moved back to New York City. In 1940, he took up engraving and etching, studying under Stanley William Hayter of Atelier 17 in Paris, producing surreal images that often accompanied Nin's books. He also received instruction in filmmaking from Alexander Hammid, who told Guiler: "Use the camera yourself, make your own mistakes, make your own style". He used the name Ian Hugo in the 1940s when he began making experimental films, some starring Nin.
<Gerald_Estrin>	Gerald Estrin (September 9, 1921 – March 29, 2012) was an American computer scientist, and professor at the UCLA Computer Science Department. He is known for his work on the organization of computer systems, on parallel processing and SARA (system architects apprentice).Estrin was born in New York City in 1921. He met his future wife Thelma Austern in 1941 at City College, New York and they were married when he was 20 and she was 17. Estrin entered the Army during World War II, after which he and Thelma Estrin entered the University of Wisconsin-Madison, where they both earned degrees in Electrical Engineering. Estrin received his B.S, M.S. and Ph.D. degrees from the University of Wisconsin in 1948, 1949, and 1951, respectively.Estrin served as research engineer in the von Neumann group at IAS from 1950 to 1956. This led to an invitation from the Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel to direct the WEIZAC Project. Estrin and his wife went to Israel for the WEIZAC Project in 1954, after which Estrin returned to a teaching position at UCLA in 1955.
<Sarajevo>	Sarajevo (/ˌsærəˈjeɪvoʊ/ SARR-ə-YAY-voh; Cyrillic: Сарајево, pronounced [sǎrajeʋo] (listen); see names in other languages) is the capital and largest city of Bosnia and Herzegovina, with a population of 275,524 in its administrative limits. The Sarajevo metropolitan area including Sarajevo Canton, East Sarajevo and nearby municipalities is home to 555,210 inhabitants. Located within the greater Sarajevo valley of Bosnia, it is surrounded by the Dinaric Alps and situated along the Miljacka River in the heart of the Balkans, a region of Southern Europe.Sarajevo is the political, financial, social and cultural center of Bosnia and Herzegovina and a prominent center of culture in the Balkans. It exerts region-wide influence in entertainment, media, fashion and the arts. Due to its long history of religious and cultural diversity, Sarajevo is sometimes called the "Jerusalem of Europe" or "Jerusalem of the Balkans". It is one of a few major European cities to have a mosque, Catholic church, Eastern Orthodox church, and synagogue within the same neighborhood.
<Breakthrough_Prize_in_Life_Sciences>	The Breakthrough Prize in Life Sciences is a scientific award, funded by internet entrepreneurs Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan of Facebook; Sergey Brin of Google; entrepreneur and venture capitalist Yuri Milner; and Anne Wojcicki, one of the founders of the genetics company 23andMe. The award of $3 million, the largest award in the sciences, is given to researchers who have made discoveries that extend human life. The Prize is awarded annually, beginning in 2013, with six awards given in each subsequent year. Winners are expected to give public lectures and form the committee to decide future winners. The ceremony takes place in the San Francisco Bay Area, with the symposiums alternating between University of California, Berkeley, University of California, San Francisco, and Stanford University.
<Teresa_Wright>	Muriel Teresa Wright (October 27, 1918 – March 6, 2005) was an American actress. She was nominated twice for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress: in 1941 for her debut work in The Little Foxes, and in 1942 for Mrs. Miniver, winning for the latter. That same year, she received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in The Pride of the Yankees, opposite Gary Cooper. She is also known for her performances in Alfred Hitchcock's Shadow of a Doubt (1943) and William Wyler's The Best Years of Our Lives (1946).Wright received three Emmy Award nominations for her performances in the Playhouse 90 original television version of The Miracle Worker (1957), in the Breck Sunday Showcase feature The Margaret Bourke-White Story, and in the CBS drama series Dolphin Cove (1989). She earned the acclaim of top film directors, including William Wyler, who called her the most promising actress he had directed, and Alfred Hitchcock, who admired her thorough preparation and quiet professionalism.
<Oregon_State_University>	Oregon State University (OSU) is a public land-grant, research university in Corvallis, Oregon. OSU offers more than 200 undergraduate-degree programs along with a variety of graduate and doctoral degrees. It has the 10th largest engineering college in the nation for 2022.  Undergraduate enrollment for all colleges combined averages close to 32,000, making it the state's largest university. Out-of-state students make up over one-quarter of undergraduates and an additional 5,500 students are engaged in graduate coursework through the university. Since its founding, over 272,000 students have graduated from OSU.  It is classified among "Doctoral Universities – Very high research activity".Chartered as a land-grant university initially, OSU became one of the four inaugural members of the Sea Grant in 1971. It joined the Space Grant and Sun Grant research consortia in 1991 and 2003, respectively, making it the first public university and one of just four in total to attain membership in all four initiatives (University of Hawaii at Manoa, Cornell University and Pennsylvania State University are the others). OSU received a record high $449.9 million in research funding for the 2022 fiscal year and has ranked as the state's top earner in research funding for over 50 years.
<Ack_Ack_(horse)>	Ack Ack (February 24, 1966 – November 7, 1990) was an American Thoroughbred Hall of Fame racehorse.Ack Ack was a brown horse bred in Kentucky by Harry F. Guggenheim and owned by Guggenheim's Cain Hoy Stable. He was trained by Charlie Whittingham.He raced with success from age two to four, scoring wins in the important 1969 Withers Stakes and Arlington Classic. In 1971 at age five, Ack Ack blossomed into the year's most dominant horse, winning seven straight graded stakes races on both dirt and grass courses at a variety of distances. His performances earned him United States Horse of the Year honors.
<TWAS_Prize>	This is a list of recipients of the TWAS Prize, awarded annually by The World Academy of Sciences (TWAS).
<City_College_of_New_York>	The City College of the City University of New York (also known as the City College of New York, or simply City College or CCNY) is a public university within the City University of New York (CUNY) system in New York City. Founded in 1847, City College was the first free public institution of higher education in the United States. It is the oldest of CUNY's 25 institutions of higher learning, and is considered its flagship college.Located in Hamilton Heights overlooking Harlem in Manhattan, City College's 35-acre (14 ha) Collegiate Gothic campus spans Convent Avenue from 130th to 141st Streets. It was initially designed by renowned architect George B. Post, and many of its buildings have achieved landmark status. The college has graduated ten Nobel Prize winners, one Fields Medalist, one Turing Award winner, three Pulitzer Prize winners, and three Rhodes Scholars. Among these alumni, the latest is a Bronx native, John O'Keefe (2014 Nobel Prize in Medicine). City College's satellite campus, City College Downtown in the Cunard Building at 25 Broadway, has been in operation since 1981. It offers degree programs for working adults with classes in the evenings and Saturdays.
<Geelong>	Geelong (/dʒɪˈlɒŋ/ jih-LONG) (Wathawurrung: Djilang/Djalang) is a port city in the southeastern Australian state of Victoria, located at the eastern end of Corio Bay (the smaller western portion of Port Phillip Bay) and the left bank of Barwon River, about 65 km (40 mi) southwest of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria.Geelong is the second largest Victorian city (behind Melbourne) with an estimated urban population of 268,277 as of June 2018, and is also Australia's second fastest-growing city.  Geelong is also known as the "Gateway City" due to its critical location to surrounding western Victorian regional centres like Ballarat in the northwest, Torquay, Great Ocean Road and Warrnambool in the southwest, Hamilton, Colac and Winchelsea to the west, providing a transport corridor past the Central Highlands for these regions to the state capital Melbourne in its northeast. The City of Greater Geelong is also a member of the Gateway Cities Alliance in partnership with Councils from Newcastle and Wollongong. 
<Dundee_United_F.C.>	Dundee United Football Club is a Scottish professional football club based in the city of Dundee. The club name is usually abbreviated to Dundee United. Formed in 1909, originally as Dundee Hibernian, the club changed to the present name in 1923. United are nicknamed The Terrors or The Tangerines and the supporters are known as Arabs.The club have played in tangerine kits since August 1969, and have played at Tannadice Park since the club's foundation in 1909. United was a founding member of the Scottish Premier League (SPL) in 1998, and was ever-present in the competition until it was abolished in 2013 to make way for the SPFL structure. United was relegated in 2016 to the Scottish Championship, the second tier of the SPFL, before being promoted back to the Scottish Premiership in 2020.
<Carlos_E._Chardón>	PR Dept of Agriculture (1920s)UPR (1931–1935)PR Reconstruction Administration (1930s)PR Lands Authority (1940)Carlos Eugenio Chardón Palacios, D.Sc., D.Litt, (28 September 1897 – 7 March 1965) was the first Puerto Rican mycologist, a high-ranking official in government on agriculture during the 1920s, the first Puerto Rican appointed as Chancellor of the University of Puerto Rico (1931–1935), and the head of the Puerto Rico Reconstruction Administration in the mid-to late 1930s during the Great Depression. He was also known as "the Father of Mycology in Puerto Rico". He discovered that the aphid "Aphis maidis" was the vector of the sugar cane Mosaic virus. Mosaic viruses are plant viruses.
<Dino_Andrade>	Dino S. Andrade (born September 16, 1963) is an American voice actor in video games and animated projects. He manages dual careers as both a voice actor and the creator, owner and operator of the geek dating/community website SoulGeek.com.Andrade was born to Mexican parents. He is the first-born son of José Roberto Andrade (1924–2000) and Gloria Esther (Mendez) Andrade (1924–1997). His father was serving in the United States Air Force at the time of Dino's birth. The family moved to McGuire Air Force Base in New Jersey where Dino spent the first five years of his life before his father left the armed services and the family returned to California. Andrade has one sister, Sabrina, born, six years later to the day, on September 16, 1969. He says that his love of all things science fiction, horror and fantasy is lifelong and in his blood. He has been quoted saying, "I was that guy in acting class that, while everyone was reading Mamet and O'Neill, I was reading Batman comics," thus attributing his love of animation and graphic storytelling to making his career in voice acting the natural choice for him.Andrade started as an actor on stage and doing comedy improvisation, having been trained at the Groundlings by the actors Mindy Sterling and Julia Sweeney. His official start in voice over work happened when he drove a friend and fellow actor to an audition to do some background looping on the 1985 feature film Girls Just Wanna Have Fun, starring the then unknowns Sarah Jessica Parker and Helen Hunt. He was asked if he would like to audition as well and was hired for the film. From this, he was recommended to the director Steve Miner who was doing post-production on the horror/comedy film House, starring William Katt, George Wendt and Richard Moll. Though not credited in the final release, Andrade was hired to do the creature sounds of the demons that kidnap a child that Katt's character has to rescue. He continued in voice acting and acting in general until the early 1990s when he left acting to pursue independent film making. Around 2002, Andrade returned to acting with a focus on voice acting training and has been in voice acting ever since.
<Dressed_to_Kill_(1980_film)>	Dressed to Kill is a 1980 American erotic thriller film written and directed by Brian De Palma. Starring Michael Caine, Angie Dickinson, Nancy Allen, and Keith Gordon, the film depicts the events leading up to the murder of a New York City housewife (Dickinson) before following a prostitute (Allen) who witnesses the crime. It contains several direct references to Alfred Hitchcock's 1960 film Psycho.Released in July 1980, Dressed to Kill was a box office success in the United States, grossing over $30 million. It received largely favorable reviews, and critic David Denby of New York magazine proclaimed it "the first great American movie of the '80s." Dickinson won the Saturn Award for Best Actress for her performance. Allen received both a Golden Globe Award nomination for New Star of the Year, as well as an inaugural first-year Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Actress.
<Riga>	Riga (/ˈriːɡə/; Latvian: Rīga [ˈriːɡa] (listen), Livonian: Rīgõ) is the capital and largest city of Latvia and is home to 605,802 inhabitants which is a third of Latvia's population. The city lies on the Gulf of Riga at the mouth of the Daugava river where it meets the Baltic Sea. Riga's territory covers 307.17 km2 (118.60 sq mi) and lies 1–10 m (3.3–32.8 ft) above sea level, on a flat and sandy plain.Riga was founded in 1201 and is a former Hanseatic League member. Riga's historical centre is a UNESCO World Heritage Site, noted for its Art Nouveau/Jugendstil architecture and 19th century wooden architecture. Riga was the European Capital of Culture in 2014, along with Umeå in Sweden. Riga hosted the 2006 NATO Summit, the Eurovision Song Contest 2003, the 2006 IIHF Men's World Ice Hockey Championships, 2013 World Women's Curling Championship and the 2021 IIHF World Championship. It is home to the European Union's office of European Regulators for Electronic Communications (BEREC). In 2017, it was named the European Region of Gastronomy.
<Halle_(Saale)>	Halle (Saale), or simply Halle (German: [ˈhalə]; from the 15th to the 17th century: Hall in Sachsen; until the beginning of the 20th century: Halle an der Saale [ˈhalə ʔan deːɐ̯ ˈzaːlə] (listen); from 1965 to 1995: Halle/Saale) is the largest city of the German state of Saxony-Anhalt, the fifth most populous city in the area of former East Germany after (East) Berlin, Leipzig, Dresden and Chemnitz, as well as the 31st largest city of Germany, and with around 239,000 inhabitants, it is slightly more populous than the state capital of Magdeburg. Together with Leipzig, the largest city of Saxony, Halle forms the polycentric Leipzig-Halle conurbation. Between the two cities, in Schkeuditz, lies Leipzig/Halle International Airport. The Leipzig-Halle conurbation is at the heart of the larger Central German Metropolitan Region.Halle lies in the south of Saxony-Anhalt, in the Leipzig Bay, the southernmost part of the North German Plain, on the River Saale (a tributary of the Elbe), which is the third longest river flowing entirely in Germany after the Weser and the Main. The White Elster flows into the Saale in the southern borough of Silberhöhe. Halle is the fourth largest city in the Thuringian-Upper Saxon dialect area after Leipzig, Dresden and Chemnitz.
<John_Tukey>	John Wilder Tukey (/ˈtuːki/; June 16, 1915 – July 26, 2000) was an American mathematician and statistician, best known for the development of the fast Fourier Transform (FFT) algorithm and box plot. The Tukey range test, the Tukey lambda distribution, the Tukey test of additivity, and the Teichmüller–Tukey lemma all bear his name. He is also credited with coining the term 'bit' and the first published use of the word 'software'.Tukey was born in New Bedford, Massachusetts in 1915, to a Latin teacher father and a private tutor. He was mainly taught by his mother and attended regular classes only for certain subjects like French. Tukey obtained a BA in 1936 and MSc in 1937 in chemistry, from Brown University, before moving to Princeton University, where in 1939 he received a PhD in mathematics after completing a doctoral dissertation titled "On denumerability in topology".
<Conyers_Herring>	William Conyers Herring (November 15, 1914 – July 23, 2009) was an American physicist. He was a Professor of Applied Physics at Stanford University and the Wolf Prize in Physics recipient in 1984/5.Conyers Herring completed his Ph.D. in physics from Princeton University in 1937, submitting a dissertation entitled On Energy Coincidences in the Theory of Brillouin Zones under the direction of Eugene Wigner. In 1946, he joined the technical staff of Bell Laboratories in Murray Hill, New Jersey, where he remained until 1978. Then, he joined the faculty at Stanford University.Conyers Herring played a major role in the development of solid state physics.
<Queen_Máxima_of_the_Netherlands>	Princess Beatrix *Princess Margriet *Professor Pieter van Vollenhoven *
<Diogo_Tavares>	Diogo Filipe Conceição Tavares (born 27 July 1987) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Clube Oriental de Lisboa as a forward.He spent most of his career in Italy, but never competed in Serie A.
<Gerard_Rivius>	Gerard van Rivieren, Latinized Gerardus Rivius (active 1592–1625) was a printer in the Southern Netherlands. He was the publisher of Martin Delrio's famous witchcraft treatise Disquistiones Magicae and was at one time suspected of having printed Corona Regia, a satire on James I of England that caused diplomatic ructions. His printer's mark was a winged horse, and his motto "Totum sic irrigat orbem".Rivius's earliest work was produced in Liège in 1592, where he continued to work until 1597. In 1598 he was using an Antwerp address, and from 1599 his shop was on the main market square in Leuven.Rivius married Johanna Bogaers. Of their children Johannes Rivius (1599–1665) became an Augustinian canon and a lecturer at Leuven University, while Petrus Rivius (1607–1666) became a Premonstratensian canon of Tongerlo Abbey.
<The_Lion_in_Winter_(2003_film)>	The Lion in Winter is a 2003 made-for-television remake of the 1966 stage play of the same name and of the original 1968 screen version of the play which featured Peter O'Toole and Katharine Hepburn.The remake was first shown on December 26, 2003, in the U.K. and premiered on U.S. television on May 26, 2004. It starred Patrick Stewart and Glenn Close, and was directed by Andrei Konchalovsky. It was filmed on location at Spiš Castle in eastern Slovakia, interiors were filmed in Budapest, Hungary.Andrew Howard, John Light, and Rafe Spall played the warring brothers. Jonathan Rhys Meyers played the king of France and Julia Vysotskaya, his sister and Henry's mistress, Princess Alais.
<Cars_2>	Cars 2 is a 2011 American computer-animated spy comedy film produced by Pixar Animation Studios for Walt Disney Pictures. It is a sequel to Cars (2006), the second film in the Cars franchise, and the 12th animated film from the studio. This was the final Pixar film animated with their old software system, Marionette, before being officially replaced with Presto in 2012. The film was directed by John Lasseter, co-directed by Brad Lewis, and produced by Denise Ream, from a screenplay written by Ben Queen, and a story by Lasseter, Lewis, and Dan Fogelman. In the film's ensemble voice cast, Owen Wilson, Larry the Cable Guy, Tony Shalhoub, Guido Quaroni, Bonnie Hunt, and John Ratzenberger reprise their roles from the first film. Paul Newman, who voiced Doc Hudson in the previous film, died in September 2008, so his character was written out of the film; George Carlin, who previously voiced Fillmore, died during the same year, and his role was passed to Lloyd Sherr. The returning cast is joined by Michael Caine, Emily Mortimer, John Turturro, Eddie Izzard, and Thomas Kretschmann, who voice the new characters introduced in this film.The film follows race car Lightning McQueen (Wilson) and tow truck Mater (Cable Guy), who head to Japan and Europe to compete in the World Grand Prix, but Mater accidentally becomes sidetracked with international espionage, and ends up attempting to uncover a conspiracy led by a mysterious criminal mastermind and his gang which threatens all competitors in the Grand Prix, with the help of British spies Finn McMissile (Caine) and Holley Shiftwell (Mortimer).
<Aram_Khachaturian>	Aram Ilyich Khachaturian (/ˈærəm ˌkɑːtʃəˈtʊəriən/; Russian: Арам Ильич Хачатурян, IPA: [ɐˈram ɨˈlʲjitɕ xətɕɪtʊˈrʲan] (listen); Armenian: Արամ Խաչատրյան, Aram Xačʿatryan; 6 June [O.S. 24 May] 1903 – 1 May 1978) was a Soviet and Armenian composer and conductor. He is considered one of the leading Soviet composers.Born and raised in Tbilisi, the multicultural capital of Georgia, Khachaturian moved to Moscow in 1921 following the Sovietization of the Caucasus. Without prior music training, he enrolled in the Gnessin Musical Institute, subsequently studying at the Moscow Conservatory in the class of Nikolai Myaskovsky, among others. His first major work, the Piano Concerto (1936), popularized his name within and outside the Soviet Union. It was followed by the Violin Concerto (1940) and the Cello Concerto (1946). His other significant compositions include the Masquerade Suite (1941), the Anthem of the Armenian SSR (1944), three symphonies (1935, 1943, 1947), and around 25 film scores. Khachaturian is best known for his ballet music—Gayane (1942) and Spartacus (1954). His most popular piece, the "Sabre Dance" from Gayane, has been used extensively in popular culture and has been performed by a number of musicians worldwide. His style is "characterized by colorful harmonies, captivating rhythms, virtuosity, improvisations, and sensuous melodies".
<Shaw_Prize>	The Shaw Prize is an annual award presented by the Shaw Prize Foundation. Established in 2002 in Hong Kong, it honours "individuals who are currently active in their respective fields and who have recently achieved distinguished and significant advances, who have made outstanding contributions in academic and scientific research or applications, or who in other domains have achieved excellence. The award is dedicated to furthering societal progress, enhancing quality of life, and enriching humanity's spiritual civilization."
<William_Broyles_Jr.>	William Dodson Broyles Jr. (born October 8, 1944) is an American screenwriter, who has worked on the television series China Beach, and the films Apollo 13, Cast Away, Entrapment, Planet of the Apes, Unfaithful, The Polar Express, and Jarhead. He also assisted in the screenplay of Saving Private Ryan.Broyles was born in Houston, Texas, the son of Elizabeth (née Bills) and William Dodson Broyles. He was raised in Baytown, Texas, graduated from Robert E. Lee High School and attended Rice University, earning a B.A. degree in History in 1966. While at Rice, Broyles was an active member of the student body and a contributing editor to the student newspaper, the Rice Thresher. As early as 1966, Broyles was also contributing articles to the Houston Post. Broyles served as president of the Rice student association during the 1965–1966 academic year, and was awarded the Hugh Scott Cameron award for outstanding community service. He has remained a strong supporter of the University throughout his career, delivering the commencement speech in 1983, and receiving the Distinguished Alumni Award in 1993.After graduating from Rice, Broyles studied as a Marshall Scholar at Oxford University where he earned an M.A. degree in Politics, Philosophy, and Economics in 1968. While at Oxford, Broyles pursued his interests in both journalism and public service. He wrote political columns for the Oxford University magazine and contributed articles to The Economist magazine of London. He also spoke throughout England for the United States Information Service. He later worked briefly for Leo Kramer, Inc., a Washington, D.C. social sciences consulting firm as a consultant on Model Cities, Manpower, and VISTA training programs.
<Fred_Williamson>	Frederick Robert Williamson (born March 5, 1938), also known as The Hammer, is an American actor and former professional American football defensive back who played mainly in the American Football League during the 1960s. Williamson is perhaps best known for his film career, starring as Tommy Gibbs in the 1973 crime drama film Black Caesar and its sequel Hell Up in Harlem. Williamson also had other notable roles in other 1970s blaxploitation films such as Hammer (1972), That Man Bolt (1973) and Three the Hard Way (1974).Born in Gary, Indiana, Williamson was the oldest child born to Frank, a welder and Lydia Williamson. Williamson attended Froebel High School, where he ran track and played football. He graduated in 1956. After high school, Williamson left Gary for Evanston, Illinois to attend Northwestern University on a football scholarship.
<John_N._Bahcall>	John Norris Bahcall (December 30, 1934 – August 17, 2005) was an American astrophysicist, best known for his contributions to the solar neutrino problem, the development of the Hubble Space Telescope and for his leadership and development of the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton.Bahcall was born into a Jewish family in Shreveport, Louisiana, and would later describe an early aspiration to become a Reform rabbi.  He did not take science classes at high school.  He was high school state tennis champion and a national debate champion.  Bahcall began his university studies at Louisiana State University as a philosophy student on a tennis scholarship, where he considered pursuing the rabbinate.  He transferred to the University of California, Berkeley, still studying philosophy.  He took his first physics class as a graduation requirement.He was married to Princeton University astrophysics professor Neta Bahcall, whom he met as a graduate student at the Weizmann Institute in the 1960s.  They had a daughter and two sons.  He died in New York from a rare blood disorder.
<Alexander_Beville_Gibbons_Stanier>	Brigadier Sir Alexander Beville Gibbons Stanier, 2nd Baronet of Peplow Hall, DSO & Bar, MC  (31 January 1899 – 10 January 1995) was a British Army officer who fought in the First and Second World Wars, particularly distinguished for his actions at Boulogne in 1940, on D-Day in 1944, and in the Rhineland in 1944.Stanier was born on 31 January 1899, the eldest son of Beville Stanier of Peplow Hall in Shropshire. His father was elected Member of Parliament for Newport, Shropshire, in 1908, and was created a Baronet by David Lloyd George in 1917 for organising Sugar beet production during the Great War. In that year, his son Alexander, who had been educated at Eton, passed through the Royal Military College at Sandhurst as a wartime cadet and was commissioned into the newly raised Welsh Guards on 21 December.
<David_Howell_(jurist)>	David Howell (January 1, 1747 – July 30, 1824) was a Delegate to the Congress of the Confederation from Rhode Island, an associate justice of the Supreme Court of Rhode Island, Attorney General of Rhode Island and a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the District of Rhode Island.Born on January 1, 1747, in Morristown, Morris County, Province of New Jersey, British America, Howell attended Eaton's Academy in Hopewell, Province of New Jersey, then graduated from the College of New Jersey (now Princeton University) in 1766 and received an Artium Magister degree in 1769 from Rhode Island College (now Brown University). He was a Professor of Natural Philosophy at Brown University from 1766 to 1824, also serving as a fellow from 1773 to 1824, as Secretary from 1780 to 1806, and as Acting President from 1791 to 1792. He was in private practice in Providence, Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, British America (State of Rhode Island, United States from July 4, 1776) from 1768 to 1779, and from 1781 to 1782. He was a Justice of the Peace for Providence in 1779. He was a justice of the Rhode Island Court of Common Pleas for Providence County in 1780. He was a Delegate to the Congress of the Confederation (Continental Congress) from 1782 to 1785. He was an associate justice of the Supreme Court of Rhode Island from May 1786 to May 1787. He was Attorney General of Rhode Island in 1789. He was a boundary commissioner for the United States in New York City, New York in 1794.Among the prospective attorneys who studied law with Howell was Asa Aldis, who later served as chief justice of the Vermont Supreme Court.
<Aamir_Khan>	Mohammed Aamir Hussain Khan (pronounced [ˈaːmɪr xaːn]; born 14 March 1965) is an Indian actor, film director and producer who works in Hindi films. Through his career spanning over 30 years, Khan has established himself as one of the most notable actors of Indian cinema. Khan is the recipient of numerous awards, including nine Filmfare Awards, four National Film Awards, and an AACTA Award, with one of his film productions also receiving an Academy Award nomination. He was honoured by the Government of India with the Padma Shri in 2003 and the Padma Bhushan in 2010, and received an honorary title from the Government of China in 2017.Khan first appeared on screen as a child actor in his uncle Nasir Hussain's film Yaadon Ki Baaraat (1973). As an adult, his first feature film role was in Holi (1984). He began a full-time acting career with a leading role in Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak (1988). His performance in Raakh (1989) earned him a National Film Award in the Special Mention category. He established himself as a leading actor in the 1990s by appearing in a number of commercially successful films, including Dil (1990), Raja Hindustani (1996)—for which he won his first Filmfare Award for Best Actor—and Sarfarosh (1999).
<Steve_McQueen>	Terrence Stephen McQueen (March 24, 1930 – November 7, 1980) was an American actor. His antihero persona, emphasized during the height of the counterculture of the 1960s, made him a top box-office draw for his films of the late 1950s, 1960s, and 1970s. He was nicknamed the "King of Cool" and used the alias Harvey Mushman in motor races.McQueen received an Academy Award nomination for his role in The Sand Pebbles (1966). His other popular films include Love With the Proper Stranger (1963), The Cincinnati Kid (1965), Nevada Smith (1966), The Thomas Crown Affair (1968), Bullitt (1968), Le Mans (1971), The Getaway (1972), and Papillon (1973). In addition, he starred in the all-star ensemble films The Magnificent Seven (1960), The Great Escape (1963), and The Towering Inferno (1974).
<David_Haussler>	David Haussler (born 1953) is an American bioinformatician known for his work leading the team that assembled the first human genome sequence in the race to complete the Human Genome Project and subsequently for comparative genome analysis that deepens understanding the molecular function and evolution of the genome.Haussler was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 2018 for developments in computational learning theory and bioinformatics, including first assembly of the human genome, its analysis, and data sharing.He is a distinguished professor of biomolecular engineering and founding scientific director of the UC Santa Cruz Genomics Institute at the University of California, Santa Cruz, director of the California Institute for Quantitative Biosciences (QB3) on the UC Santa Cruz campus, and a consulting professor at the Stanford University School of Medicine and the UC San Francisco Biopharmaceutical Sciences Department.
<Barbara_J._King>	Barbara J. King (born 18 August 1956) is professor emerita, retired from the Department of Anthropology at the College of William & Mary where she taught from 1988 to 2015, and was chair of the department of Anthropology.Since 2011, King has written weekly for the National Public Radio blog Cosmos and Culture, which explores humans' relationships to each other, their environment, and the planet. Specifically, King focused often on the "inner lives" of intelligent animals like primates, the octopus, squid, pigs, and dolphins, arguing that humanity should consider how best to communicate and accommodate these species' lives without anthropomorphization or exploitation.
<Edward_Maibach>	Edward Wile Maibach is a professor at George Mason University who works on public health and climate change communication.Maibach received a B.A. in social psychology from the University of California at San Diego (1980), a M.P.H from San Diego State University (1983) and a Ph.D. in communication research from Stanford University (1990). Before joining the faculty at George Mason, Maibach was the associate director of the National Cancer Institute, Worldwide Director of Social Marketing at Porter Novelli and a professor of Public Health at Emory University.
<Berend_George_Escher>	Berend George Escher (4 April 1885 – 11 October 1967) was a Dutch geologist.Escher had a broad interest, but his research was mainly on crystallography, mineralogy and volcanology. He was a pioneer in experimental geology. He was a half-brother of the artist M.C. Escher, and had some influence on his work due to his knowledge of crystallography.  M.C. Escher created a woodcut ex libris for his brother 'Beer' with a stylized image of a volcano around 1922 (Bool number 91).
<Paisley,_Renfrewshire>	Paisley (/ˈpeɪzli/ PAYZ-lee; Scots: Paisley, Scottish Gaelic: Pàislig [ˈpʰaːʃlɪkʲ]) is a large town situated in the west central Lowlands of Scotland. Located north of the Gleniffer Braes, the town borders the city of Glasgow to the east, and straddles the banks of the White Cart Water, a tributary of the River Clyde.Paisley serves as the administrative centre for the Renfrewshire council area, and is the largest town in the historic county of the same name. It is often cited as "Scotland's largest town" and is the fifth largest settlement in the country, although it does not have city status.
<Stanley_Clements>	Stanley Clements (born Stanislaw Klimowicz; July 16, 1926 – October 16, 1981) was an American actor and comedian, best known for portraying "Stash" in the East Side Kids film series, and group leader Stanislaus "Duke" Coveleskie in The Bowery Boys film series.Stanley Clements was born in Long Island, New York. Young "Stosh" (the Polish diminutive nickname for "Stanislau") realized that he wanted a show-business career while he was in grammar school, and after he graduated from Brooklyn's P.S. 49 in 1938, for the next two years he toured in vaudeville and found work in radio. He then joined the touring company of the Major Bowes Amateur Hour. His career stalled in 1940, and Clements was reduced to panhandling for a time to survive. In 1941, he was signed to a contract by 20th Century-Fox and appeared in juvenile/teen roles in several B films for the studio.In 1942 he was loaned to Monogram Pictures. Among his friends he was known offscreen as "Stosh," so he adopted the nickname "Stash" in the ensemble-cast film series, the East Side Kids.  He appeared as an East Side Kid in Smart Alecks, 'Neath Brooklyn Bridge, and Ghosts on the Loose.  He retained the character name of "Stash" in other films: Right to the Heart, Military Academy with That Tenth Avenue Gang, and Boots Malone.
<Katherine_Heigl>	Katherine Marie Heigl (/ˈhaɪɡəl/ HY-gəl; born November 24, 1978) is an American actress and former fashion model. She played Dr. Izzie Stevens on the ABC television medical drama Grey's Anatomy from 2005 to 2010, a role that brought her recognition and accolades, including the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 2007.Heigl started her career as a child model with Wilhelmina Models before turning her attention to acting, making her film debut in That Night (1992) and later appearing in My Father the Hero (1994) as well as Under Siege 2: Dark Territory (1995). She then landed the role of Isabel Evans on The WB television series Roswell (1999–2002), for which she received nominations for Saturn and Teen Choice Awards. 
<João_Paulo_Pinto_Ribeiro>	João Paulo Pinto Ribeiro (born 8 April 1980), known as João Paulo, is a Portuguese former footballer who played as a centre forward.Over nine seasons, he amassed Primeira Liga totals of 140 games and 23 goals for Boavista, Varzim, Beira-Mar, Estoril (two spells), Paços de Ferreira, União de Leiria and Leixões. He also competed professionally in Spain, Romania and Cyprus, mainly at the service of Rapid București.
<Bharat_Patankar>	Bharat Patankar (Marathi: भारत पाटणकर) is a leading activist (co-founder and President) of the left wing of Shramik Mukti Dal and of the peasant movement in Maharashtra. Bharat Patankar is an activist who has worked for almost 40 years in movements of workers, farmers, dam evictees, agricultural labourers, the drought eradication movement, alternative cultural movement, women's liberation movement, anti-SEZ and coal-based power plant movement based on alternative energy proposals, rights of farmers on windmills, and radical anti-caste movements. He was married to writer and activist, Gail Omvedt until her death in 2021.Bharat Patankar was born on 5 September 1949 in a village called Kasegoan, Dist. Sangli near Satara and Kolhapur in the Indian state of Maharashtra. He comes from land labourer/farmer family and grew up working on the family farm in rural India. He is the son of famous freedom fighters Babuji Patankar and Indumati Patankar, both of whom were leading activists in the ‘Prati Sarkar’, the parallel government movement that was part of India's independence movement in the Satara District in the 1940s. The core of the Prati Sarkar lay in the one hundred or so underground activists – those who left their homes, moved from village to village serving as full timers, carrying guns or other weapons, ready to confront the police if necessary, and carrying out "constructive" as well as military and administrative tasks. They were organised into groups, which were effective decision-making centers for most activities. Representatives of all groups met from time to time at the district level. At the village level, these activists moved to establish various structures that included volunteer squads, and to some extent, committees chosen or elected by the villagers themselves. This village structure developed only with the movement itself in late 1944 and 1945. Babuji and Indumati Patankar established the Kasegaon Education Society and the first High School in Kasegaon called Azad Vidyalaya.
<City_on_Fire_(Hallberg_novel)>	City on Fire is a 2015 novel by Garth Risk Hallberg, published by Alfred A. Knopf. The novel takes place in New York City in the 1970s. It is Hallberg's first published novel. Hallberg received an advance of $2 million for the novel, likely the most ever for a debut novel.City on Fire follows the investigation of a Central Park shooting that took place on New Year's Eve during the 1970s.This book was a New York Times Notable Book and named one of the Best Books of the Year by The Washington Post, Los Angeles Times, NPR, Vogue, San Francisco Chronicle, and The Wall Street Journal.
<The_Mill_on_the_Floss>	The Mill on the Floss is a novel by George Eliot, first published in three volumes in 1860 by William Blackwood. The first American edition was published by Harper & Brothers, Publishers, New York.Spanning a period of 10 to 15 years, the novel details the lives of Tom and Maggie Tulliver, siblings who grow up at Dorlcote Mill on the River Floss. The mill is at the junction of the River Floss and the more minor River Ripple, near the village of St Ogg's in Lincolnshire, England. Both the rivers and the village are fictional.
<The_Trojan_Women>	The Trojan Women (Ancient Greek: Τρῳάδες, romanized: Trōiades), also translated as The Women of Troy, and also known by its transliterated Greek title Troades, is a tragedy by the Greek playwright Euripides. Produced in 415 BC during the Peloponnesian War, it is often considered a commentary on the capture of the Aegean island of Melos and the subsequent slaughter and subjugation of its populace by the Athenians earlier that year (see History of Milos). 415 BC was also the year of the scandalous desecration of the hermai and the launch of the Athenians' second expedition to Sicily, events which may also have influenced the author.The Trojan Women was the third tragedy of a trilogy dealing with the Trojan War. The first tragedy, Alexandros, was about the recognition of the Trojan prince Paris who had been abandoned in infancy by his parents and rediscovered in adulthood. The second tragedy, Palamedes, dealt with Greek mistreatment of their fellow Greek Palamedes. This trilogy was presented at the Dionysia along with the comedic satyr play Sisyphos. The plots of this trilogy were not connected in the way that Aeschylus' Oresteia was connected. Euripides did not favor such connected trilogies.Euripides won second prize at the City Dionysia for his effort, losing to the obscure tragedian Xenocles.
<Lee_Yong-gill>	Lee Yong-gill is a former delegate of the Labor Party in South Korea.
<Hugo_Award>	The Hugo Award is an annual literary award for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year, given at the World Science Fiction Convention and chosen by its members. The Hugo is widely considered the premier award in science fiction. The award is administered by the World Science Fiction Society. It is named after Hugo Gernsback, the founder of the pioneering science fiction magazine Amazing Stories. Hugos were first given in 1953, at the 11th World Science Fiction Convention, and have been awarded every year since 1955.The awards were originally given in seven categories. These categories have changed over the years, and the award is currently conferred in seventeen categories of written and dramatic works. The winners receive a trophy consisting of a stylized rocket ship on a base; the design of the trophy changes each year, though the rocket itself has been standardized since 1984. The Hugo Awards are considered "the premier award in the science fiction genre", and winners are often noted on book covers.
<Florence_Reed>	Florence Reed (January 10, 1883 – November 21, 1967) was an American stage and film actress. She is remembered for several outstanding stage productions, including The Shanghai Gesture, The Lullaby, The Yellow Ticket and The Wanderer. Her best remembered movie role was as Miss Havisham in the 1934 production of Great Expectations. In this version, however, Miss Havisham was changed from a completely insane woman to an eccentric, who did not wear her wedding veil constantly, and who dies peacefully rather than as a result of suffering burns in a fire. In the 1950s Reed performed in several early television shows, such as The Philco Television Playhouse, Kraft Television Theatre and The United States Steel Hour. She is a member of the American Theater Hall of Fame.Reed was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to comedy actor Roland Lewis Reed and his wife, Johanna (née Sommer) Reed. Her grandfather was John "Pop" Reed, a longtime stagehand of the old Walnut Street Theatre, who donated his skull to be performed in future theatrical versions of Hamlet.[citation needed]
<Vanessa_Giácomo>	Vanessa Mendes da Silva Lima (born 29 March 1983), best known as Vanessa Giácomo, is a Brazilian actress and screenwriter.Giácomo made her television debut in Cabocla in 2004 at the age of 20, where she met and fell in love with actor Daniel de Oliveira. She appeared with Eriberto Leão in Sinhá Moça in 2006.  She and Oliveira married and she gave birth to their first son in January 2008. She resumed work after the birth, filming O Menino da Porteira with singer Daniel, and received an offer to take part in a film on Jean Charles de Menezes, a Brazilian national who was mistaken for a terrorist and shot dead by police in London in 2005. Filming took place in London during 2008.[citation needed]
<Luton_Town_F.C.>	Luton Town Football Club (/ˈluːtən/) is a professional association football club based in the town of Luton, Bedfordshire, England, that competes in the Championship, the second tier of the English football league system. Founded in 1885, it is nicknamed 'the Hatters' and affiliated to the Bedfordshire County Football Association. The team plays its home matches at Kenilworth Road, where it has been based since 1905. The club's history includes one major trophy win, several financial crises, numerous promotions and relegations, and some spells of sustained success. It was perhaps most prominent between 1982 and 1992, when it was a member of English football's top division, at that time the First Division; the team won its first major honour, the Football League Cup, in 1988. Luton Town have a long-standing rivalry with nearby club Watford.The club was the first in southern England to turn professional, making payments to players as early as 1890 and turning fully professional a year later. It joined the Football League before the 1897–98 season, left in 1900 because of financial problems, and rejoined in 1920. Luton reached the First Division in 1955–56 and contested a major final for the first time when playing Nottingham Forest in the 1959 FA Cup Final. The team was then relegated from the top division in 1959–60, and demoted twice more in the following five years, playing in the Fourth Division from the 1965–66 season. However, it was promoted back to the top level by 1974–75.
<Davy_Medal>	The Davy Medal is awarded by the Royal Society of London "for an outstandingly important recent discovery in any branch of chemistry". Named after Humphry Davy, the medal is awarded with a monetary gift, initially of £1000 (currently £2000).The medal was first awarded in 1877 to Robert Wilhelm Bunsen and Gustav Robert Kirchhoff "for their researches & discoveries in spectrum analysis", and has since been awarded 140 times. The medal is awarded annually and, unlike other Royal Society medals (such as the Hughes), has been awarded without interruption since its inception.The medal has been awarded to multiple individuals in the same year: in 1882, for example, it was awarded to Dmitri Mendeleev and Julius Lothar Meyer "for their discovery of the periodic relations of the atomic weights"; in 1883 to Marcellin Berthelot and Julius Thomsen "for their researches in thermo-chemistry"; in 1893 to Jacobus Henricus van 't Hoff and Joseph Achille Le Bel "In recognition of their introduction of the theory of asymmetric carbon, and its use in explaining the constitution of optically active carbon compounds"; in 1903 to Pierre Curie and Marie Curie "for their researches on radium" and in 1968 to John Cornforth and George Joseph Popják [Wikidata] "in recognition of their distinguished joint work on the elucidation of the biosynthetic pathway to polyisoprenoids and steroids".
<Houston_Country_Club>	The Houston Country Club is a country club in the Tanglewood area of Houston, Texas.Following the success of the first golf club organized in Houston (a nine-hole course built on 45 acres of land leased from Rice University west of the city) the Houston Country Club was chartered in 1908. Under its first president William M. Rice Jr. it purchased and developed an 18-hole course southeast of downtown Houston on 152 acres. The country club moved to its current Tanglewood location in 1957. The former Houston Country Club was renamed the Houston Executive Club.The City of Houston purchased the Houston Executive Club in 1972 and renamed it the Gus Wortham Golf Course. Claudia Feldman of the Houston Chronicle said that in the 1960s Tanglewood residents mainly went to Houston Country Club exclusively, and that this was an example of the community's "clubby atmosphere".
<National_Amusements>	National Amusements, Inc. is an American privately owned movie theater operator and mass media holding company incorporated in Maryland and based in Norwood, Massachusetts. It is the controlling shareholder of Paramount Global.The company was founded by Michael Redstone in 1936 in the Boston suburb of Dedham as Northeast Theater Corporation, operating a chain of movie theaters in the region. Fifty years later in 1986, when the founder's son Sumner Redstone joined the company, it was renamed National Amusements. That year, the company acquired Viacom, a former CBS subsidiary syndicating television programs to stations around the United States. NA retained the Viacom name and made a string of large acquisitions in the early 1990s, announcing plans to merge with Paramount Communications (formerly Gulf+Western), parent of Paramount Pictures, in 1993, and buying the Blockbuster Video chain in 1994. The acquisition of Paramount Communications in July 1994 made Viacom one of the world's largest entertainment companies.In March 2005, the company announced plans of looking into splitting Viacom into two publicly traded companies under the continuing ownership of National Amusements because of a stagnating stock price. The internal rivalry between Les Moonves and Tom Freston, longtime heads of CBS and MTV Networks respectively, and the controversy of Super Bowl XXXVIII halftime show, which resulted in MTV being banned from producing any more Super Bowl halftime shows, were also seen as factors. After the departure of Mel Karmazin in 2004, Redstone, who served as chairman and chief executive officer, decided to split the offices of president and chief operating officer between Moonves and Freston. Redstone was set to retire in the near future, and a split would be a creative solution to the matter of replacing him.
<Alexander_Stefanovich>	Alexander Borisovich Stefanovich (Russian: Алекса́ндр Бори́сович Стефа́нович; 13 December 1944 – 13 July 2021) was a Russian film director, producer, and screenwriter. Cavalier of Order of Friendship.Was born in Leningrad on December 13, 1944. He graduated from the directing department of VGIK (workshop of Lev Kuleshov)  in 1969. He died from COVID-19 complications on 13 July 2021, at the age of 76.
<Leiden_University>	Leiden University (abbreviated as LEI; Dutch: Universiteit Leiden) is a public research university in Leiden, Netherlands. The university was founded as a Protestant university in 1575 by William, Prince of Orange, as a reward to the city of Leiden for its defence against Spanish attacks during the Eighty Years' War. As the oldest institution of higher education in the Netherlands, it enjoys a reputation across Europe and the world.Known for its historic foundations and emphasis on the social sciences, the university came into particular prominence during the Dutch Golden Age, when scholars from around Europe were attracted to the Dutch Republic due to its climate of intellectual tolerance and Leiden's international reputation. During this time, Leiden became the home to individuals such as René Descartes, Rembrandt, Christiaan Huygens, Hugo Grotius, Baruch Spinoza and Baron d'Holbach.The university has seven academic faculties and over fifty subject departments while housing more than 40 national and international research institutes. Its historical primary campus consists of buildings scattered across the college town of Leiden, while a second campus located in The Hague houses a liberal arts college (Leiden University College The Hague) and several of its faculties. It is a member of the Coimbra Group, the Europaeum and a founding member of the League of European Research Universities.
<Denizlispor>	Denizlispor, due to current sponsorship Altaş Denizlispor, is a Turkish sports club based in Denizli. It is known by its distinct green and black colors. The club's branches include football, volleyball, basketball, table tennis, and gymnastics. The Denizlispor football squad, which was founded in 1966, is the largest and most popular of the club’s teams. The team plays its home matches at the Denizli Atatürk Stadium, which has a seating capacity of up to 19,500 fans.[citation needed]Denizlispor finished fifth in the 2001–02 Süper Lig, which qualified them for the UEFA Cup. In the 2002–03 UEFA Cup, the team defeated FC Lorient, Sparta Prague, and Olympique Lyonnais, before losing in the fourth round to FC Porto, who won the tournament.Denizlispor Kulübü was founded on May 26, 1966 as a merger of  two smaller youth sports clubs, Çelik Yeşilspor Gençlik and Pamukkale Gençlik.  They joined to form what is now Denizlispor, which was at the time a little-known sports & youth club in the Çaybaşı district of Denizli city. This union was then registered with Turkish football's governing body, the Turkish Football Federation (TFF) under the name of Denizlispor Youth Club. The new football team joined Turkish football's 2nd division for the upcoming season on July 14, 1966.
<David_Dolidze>	David Egorovich Dolidze (Georgian: დავით დოლიძე, Russian: Давид Егорович Долидзе) (2 February [O.S. 20 January] 1908 – 1960) was a Georgian and Soviet mathematician, known from his work in the mathematical theory of fluid motion. In particular he rediscovered an important uniqueness theorem for the classical solutions to the Navier–Stokes equations for an incompressible fluid, previously proved by Emanuele Foà.Born on 2 February 1908 in the village of Buknari, He graduated from Tbilisi State University in 1928. From 1934 he started working in his Alma Mater, and one year later, in 1935, he also started doing research at the Mathematics Institute of the Georgian Academy of Science. In 1945 he earned both the Doktor Nauk degree and the title of professor.
<National_Party_of_Australia>	The National Party of Australia, also known as The Nationals or The Nats, is an Australian political party. Traditionally representing graziers, farmers, and regional voters generally, it began as the Australian Country Party in 1920 at a federal level.  In 1975 it adopted the name National Country Party, before taking its current name in 1982. A conservative and agrarian party, the Nationals combine social conservatism with agrarian socialist economic policies. Ensuring support for farmers, either through government grants and subsidies or through community appeals, is a major focus of National Party policy. The process for obtaining these funds has come into question in recent years, such as during the Sports Rorts Affair. According to Ian McAllister, the Nationals are the only remaining party from the "wave of agrarian socialist parties set up around the Western world in the 1920s".
<Pod_svobodnim_soncem>	Pod svobodnim soncem: povest davnih dedov (Under the Free Sun: a Story of the Ancient Grandfathers) is a historical novel by the Slovene writer Fran Saleški Finžgar.  The work was initially published in 1906 and 1907 as a feuilleton in the conservative newspaper Dom in svet. It was published in the book form in 1912. It is an extensive narrative oeuvre with nationally motivated content.The novel discusses the settlement of the Slavs in the Balkan Peninsula, when they still lived freely, not subjugated, and without a supreme leader. The novel includes a love story of Iztok, a Slavic warrior travelling to Constantinople (archaic Slovene: Bizanc) and Irena, a court woman there. It idyllically depicts the Slavs as pagans living in harmony with nature.
<Rudolf_Peierls>	Sir Rudolf Ernst Peierls, CBE FRS (/ˈpaɪ.ərlz/; German: [ˈpaɪɐls]; 5 June 1907 – 19 September 1995) was a German-born British physicist who played a major role in Tube Alloys, Britain's nuclear weapon programme, as well as the subsequent Manhattan Project, the combined Allied nuclear bomb programme. His obituary in Physics Today described him as "a major player in the drama of the eruption of nuclear physics into world affairs".Peierls studied physics at the University of Berlin, at the University of Munich under Arnold Sommerfeld, the University of Leipzig under Werner Heisenberg, and ETH Zurich under Wolfgang Pauli. After receiving his DPhil from Leipzig in 1929, he became an assistant to Pauli in Zurich. In 1932, he was awarded a Rockefeller Fellowship, which he used to study in Rome under Enrico Fermi, and then at the Cavendish Laboratory at the University of Cambridge under Ralph H. Fowler. Because of his Jewish background, he elected to not return home after Adolf Hitler's rise to power in 1933, but to remain in Britain, where he worked with Hans Bethe at the Victoria University of Manchester, then at the Mond Laboratory at Cambridge. In 1937, Mark Oliphant, the newly appointed Australian professor of physics at the University of Birmingham recruited him for a new chair there in applied mathematics.
<Ashoke_Sen>	Ashoke Sen FRS (/əˈʃoʊk sɛn/; born 1956) is an Indian theoretical physicist and distinguished professor at the Harish-Chandra Research Institute, Allahabad. He is also an honorary fellow in National Institute of Science Education and Research (NISER), Bhubaneswar, India and also a Morningstar Visiting professor at MIT and a distinguished professor at the Korea Institute for Advanced Study. His main area of work is string theory. He was among the first recipients of the Fundamental Physics Prize "for opening the path to the realization that all string theories are different limits of the same underlying theory".He was born on 15 July 1956 in Kolkata, and is the elder son of Anil Kumar Sen, a former professor of physics at the Scottish Church College, Kolkata, and Gouri Sen, a homemaker.
<San_Bernardino,_California>	San Bernardino (/ˌsæn ˌbɜːrnəˈdiːnoʊ/; Spanish for "Saint Bernardino") is a city and county seat of San Bernardino County, California, United States. Located in the Inland Empire region of Southern California, the city had a population of 222,101 in the 2020 census, making it the 18th-largest city in California. San Bernardino is the economic, cultural, and political hub of the San Bernardino Valley and the Inland Empire. The governments of El Salvador, Guatemala, and Mexico have established the metropolitan area’s only consulates in the downtown area of the city. Additionally, San Bernardino serves as an anchor city to the 3rd largest metropolitan area in California (after Los Angeles and San Francisco) and the 13th largest metropolitan area in the United States; the San Bernardino-Riverside MSA.Furthermore, the city’s University District serves as a college town, as home to California State University, San Bernardino.
<Virginia_McKenna>	Virginia Anne McKenna, OBE (born 7 June 1931) is a British stage and screen actress, author and wildlife campaigner. She is best known for the films A Town Like Alice (1956), Carve Her Name with Pride (1958), Born Free (1966), and Ring of Bright Water (1969), as well as her work with The Born Free Foundation.McKenna was born in Marylebone to a theatrical family and was educated at Heron's Ghyll School, a former independent boarding school near the market town of Horsham in Sussex. She spent six years in South Africa before returning to the school at the age of fourteen, after which she attended the Central School of Speech and Drama, at that time based at the Royal Albert Hall, London.
<Edoardo_Ponti>	Edoardo Ponti (born 6 January 1973) is an Italian  director. He is the younger son of actress Sophia Loren and producer Carlo Ponti Sr. and the brother of conductor Carlo Ponti Jr.Ponti was born on 6 January 1973 in Geneva, Switzerland. Ponti's mother is Sophia Loren, the actress. Ponti's father is Carlo Ponti Sr., a film producer. Ponti grew up in Geneva, Switzerland.
<Tamar_Meisels>	Tamar Meisels is a Professor of Government and Policy in the Department of Political Science at Tel Aviv University, and a political theorist.Her father, Andrew Meisels, is a descendant of the Meisels family and was a foreign correspondent, author, and broadcaster. Her mother Martha Meisels, was a consumer affairs reporter for the Jerusalem Post.She earned a B.A., L.L.B., and M.A. at Tel Aviv University, and a Ph.D in Political Theory at Balliol College, Oxford University, in 2000.  She works on the political theory of territorial rights, liberal nationalism, and the philosophical questions surrounding war and terrorism.
<Rolf_M._Zinkernagel>	Rolf Martin Zinkernagel AC, FAA (born 6 January 1944) is Professor of Experimental Immunology at the University of Zurich. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1996 for the discovery of how the immune system recognizes virus-infected cells.Zinkernagel received his MD degree from the University of Basel in 1970 and his PhD from the Australian National University in 1975.
<Eddie_Murphy>	Edward Regan Murphy (born April 3, 1961) is an American actor, comedian, writer, producer, and singer. He rose to fame on the sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live, for which he was a regular cast member from 1980 to 1984. Murphy has also worked as a stand-up comedian and is ranked No. 10 on Comedy Central's list of the 100 Greatest Stand-ups of All Time.Murphy has received Golden Globe Award nominations for his performances in 48 Hrs. (1982), the Beverly Hills Cop series (1984–present), Trading Places (1983), The Nutty Professor (1996), and Dolemite Is My Name (2019). He has also won numerous awards for his work on the fantasy comedy film Dr. Dolittle (1998) and its 2001 sequel. In 2007, Murphy won the Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actor and received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his portrayal of soul singer James "Thunder" Early in the musical film Dreamgirls.
<Song_of_the_Open_Road>	Song of the Open Road is a 1944 musical comedy film directed by S. Sylvan Simon, from a screenplay by Irving Phillips and Edward Verdier.  It was the debut film of teenage singer Jane Powell. Powell's real name was Suzanne Burce, but prior to the release of this film MGM assigned her the stage name "Jane Powell" (the name of the character she portrays in this film).Child film star Jane Powell, tired of her life being run by her stage mother, runs away from home and tries to lead a "normal" life at a Crops Corps camp. When a crop needs picking, Powell enlists the help of some celebrity friends.This was W. C. Fields's next-to-last film; his last (Sensations of 1945) would be released only 9 days after this film was issued. In the film, Fields — who began his career as an accomplished juggler — plays himself and juggles some oranges for a few moments. He remarks "This used to be my racket". Then, missing a catch, he drops the oranges and walks away muttering "used to be my racket, but it isn't anymore!"
<Petar_Stoyanov>	Petar Stefanov Stojanov (Bulgarian: Петър Стефанов Стоянов [ˈpɛtɐr ˈstɛfɐnof stoˈjanof]; born 25 May 1952) is a Bulgarian politician who was President of Bulgaria from 1997 to 2002. He was elected as a candidate of the Union of Democratic Forces (UDF). He did not succeed in the next presidential elections and after leaving office refrained from politics for a while, but, later became an MP in 2005 and was Chairman of UDF from 1 October 2005 to 22 May 2007.Stoyanov was born on 25 May 1952, in Plovdiv, Bulgaria. After graduating from secondary school, Stoyanov entered the Saint Kliment Ohridski University of Sofia law faculty where he graduated with honors in 1976.  He practiced civil law in Plovdiv through the next fifteen years. Stoyanov also speaks English and German in addition to his mother tongue Bulgarian.Quickly after the political changes in Bulgaria at the end of 1989 from communism to democratic rule Stoyanov embarked on a political career (1990), co-founding and chairing a Democracy Club in Plovdiv. Later in the same year, he became spokesman of the Plovdiv Coordinating Council of the Union of Democratic Forces (UDF), a new Bulgarian coalitional opposition to the former ruling political parties (BKP and BZNS).
<Alice_S._Huang>	Alice S. Huang (simplified Chinese: 黄诗厚; traditional Chinese: 黃詩厚; pinyin: Huáng Shīhòu; Wade–Giles: Huang Shih-hou; is an American biologist specialized in microbiology and virology. She served as President of AAAS during the 2010-2011 term.Alice Huang's father, Quentin K. Y. Huang, was orphaned at age 12 in Anhui, China and was taken in by a missionary. He was later educated at the University of Pennsylvania and the Philadelphia Divinity School, returning to China as an Anglican bishop. He later married Huang's mother, Grace Betty Soong.Alice Huang’s mother, Grace Betty Soong, was from Kiangsi Province where her family had large land holdings. Grace’s father appreciated the practical work of Christian missionaries and allowed several of his children to become Christian instead of remaining Buddhist.
<Lindsay_Wagner>	Lindsay Jean Wagner (born June 22, 1949) is an American film and television actress, model, author, singer, and acting coach. Wagner is best known for her leading role in the American science-fiction television series The Bionic Woman (1976–1978), in which she portrayed action character Jaime Sommers. She first played this role on the series The Six Million Dollar Man. The character became a popular-culture icon of the 1970s. For this role, Wagner won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Dramatic Role in 1977 – the first for an actor or actress in a science fiction series. Wagner began acting professionally in 1971 and has maintained a lengthy acting career in a variety of film and television productions to the present day.Wagner was born in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of Marilyn Louise (née  Thrasher) and William Nowels Wagner. When she was seven years old, Wagner's parents divorced and her mother moved with her to the northeast Los Angeles neighborhood of Eagle Rock, near Pasadena. Another relocation with her mother and stepfather, Ted Ball, brought Wagner to Portland, Oregon, where she attended David Douglas High School and appeared in a number of school plays.
<Craig_Handley>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Kathleen_Matthews>	Kathleen Ann Matthews (née Cunningham; born August 9, 1953) is the former chief communications and public affairs officer for hotel company Marriott International. Prior to joining Marriott International, she was a reporter for 25 years at WJLA-TV. She was a candidate for the U.S. House of Representatives for Maryland's 8th congressional district in the 2016 elections. She is the former chair of the Maryland Democratic Party.Matthews was born in San Francisco. She is a 1975 graduate of Stanford University. In 2004 she was a Fellow at the Institute of Politics at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University. She has honorary degrees from the University of South Carolina and Chestnut Hill College in Philadelphia.
<Big_Satan_(album)>	Big Satan (also referred to as I Think They Liked It Honey) is a live album by saxophonist Tim Berne's Big Satan which was recorded in 1996 and released on the Winter & Winter label.The AllMusic review by Glenn Astarita said "The band explores various methods of expounding upon a story line via Berne and Ducret's shredding lines and implosive mode of execution, while Rainey anchors the proceedings with loosely based polyrhythms and sweeping fills. Here, the musicians straddle the outside while also providing supplementary insight into familiar musical territories. (Strongly recommended.)"All compositions by Tim Berne except as indicated
<Robin's_Nest>	Robin's Nest may refer to:
<Cape_Cod_Railroad>	The Cape Cod Railroad (also currently referred to as the Cape Main Line) is a railroad in southeastern Massachusetts, running from Pilgrim Junction in Middleborough across the Cape Cod Canal Railroad Bridge, where it splits towards Hyannis in one direction and Falmouth in the other. It was incorporated in 1846 as the Cape Cod Branch Railroad to provide a rail link from the Fall River Railroad line in Middleborough to Cape Cod.Among the proponents of the Cape Cod Branch Railroad were Col. Richard Borden of Fall River, who saw the new line as an opportunity to bring more traffic and business through his hometown.  He was at one time president of the Bay State Steamboat Company, which together with the Old Colony Railroad formed the noted "Fall River Line".  He was later elected president of the Cape Cod Railroad.
<Stephen_Hunter>	Stephen Hunter (born March 25, 1946, Kansas City, Missouri) is an American novelist, essayist, and film critic.Hunter was born in Kansas City, Missouri, and grew up in Evanston, Illinois. His father was Charles Francis Hunter, a Northwestern University speech professor who was murdered in 1975 by two male prostitutes. His mother was Virginia Ricker Hunter, a writer of children's books. After graduating from Northwestern in 1968 with a degree in journalism, he was drafted for two years into the United States Army serving in The Old Guard (3rd Infantry Regiment) in Washington, D.C., a unit that has both operational and ceremonial missions, the latter most notably being the guard force for the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier.  He also wrote for a military paper, the Pentagon News.
<Paul_Karrer_Gold_Medal>	The Paul Karrer Gold Medal and Lecture is awarded annually or biennially by the University of Zurich to an outstanding researcher in the field of chemistry. It was established in 1959 by a group of leading companies, including CIBA AG, J.R. Geigy, F. Hoffmann-La Roche & Co. AG, Sandoz AG, Société des Produits Nestlé AG and Dr. A. Wander AG, to honour the Swiss organic chemist and Nobel laureate Paul Karrer on his 70th birthday.The Medal was created by Swiss sculptor Hermann Hubacher; the obverse depicts a relief of Paul Karrer and the reverse is engraved with the words University of Zurich - Paul Karrer Lecture. The lecture itself is delivered at the University of Zurich.
<Grand_Prix_Charles-Leopold_Mayer>	The Grand Prix Charles-Léopold Mayer (Charles-Léopold Mayer Prize) is awarded annually by the Académie des Sciences (French Academy of Sciences) de l'Institut de France (the French Institute) to researchers who have performed outstanding work in the biological sciences; especially in the areas of cell or molecular biology. Citizens or residents of any nation are eligible for the prize, but it is never awarded to individuals of the same nation two years in a row, nor is the prize ever presented to scholars who are more than 65 years of age. Between the first presentation of the award in 1961 and the year 2009, there have been more than 60 laureates, eleven of whom subsequently received the Nobel Prize in medicine, physiology, or chemistry.The prize is named after French biochemist Charles Léopold Mayer.Source: Académie des sciences
<Lynn_Merrick>	Lynn Merrick (born Marilyn Llewelling, November 19, 1919 – March 25, 2007) was an American actress who appeared in over 40 films during the 1940s, mainly for Columbia and Republic Studios.Merrick was born Marilyn Llewelling on November 19, 1919 in Fort Worth, Texas.
<Ki_Sung-yueng>	Ki Sung-yueng (Hangul: 기성용; Hanja: 奇誠庸; Korean pronunciation: [ki.sʌŋ.joŋ]; born 24 January 1989) is a South Korean professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder or a defensive midfielder for the K League 1 club FC Seoul.From 2008 to 2019, Ki was a full international for South Korea, gaining over 100 caps. He was selected in their squads for three World Cups, leading them as captain in the 2018 edition in Russia, and participated in three Asian Cups, finishing as runner-up in the 2015 edition. He has also played at two Olympic Games with his country, winning bronze in 2012.
<Iyari_Limon>	Iyari Pérez Limón (born July 8, 1976) is a Mexican-born American actress, best known for her supporting role as Potential Slayer Kennedy on the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.Limón was born in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico on July 8, 1976. She moved to Los Angeles, California, at the age of one, and grew up in Southern California.Limón has appeared in numerous TV commercials, both in Spanish and English. Among her credits are commercials for Toyota, Dr Pepper, and Always.
<Elizabeth_Daily>	Elizabeth Ann Guttman,[citation needed] (born September 11, 1961) better known as E. G. Daily and Elizabeth Daily, is an American actress and singer.Daily is best known for her animation voice roles as Tommy Pickles on Rugrats and its spin-off All Grown Up!, Buttercup on The Powerpuff Girls, Rudy Tabootie on ChalkZone, and Julius on Julius Jr. She also voiced the title character in the live-action film Babe: Pig in the City and Bamm-Bamm Rubble in the live-action film The Flintstones.
<Norman_Kirk>	Norman Eric Kirk PC (6 January 1923 – 31 August 1974) was a New Zealand politician who served as the 29th prime minister of New Zealand from 1972 until his sudden death in 1974.Born into poverty in Southern Canterbury, Kirk left school at age 13 and joined the New Zealand Labour Party in 1943. He was mayor of Kaiapoi from 1953 until 1957, when he was elected to the New Zealand Parliament. He became the leader of his party in 1964. Following a Labour victory in the 1972 election, Kirk became Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs, and New Zealand changed into a far more assertive and consequential nation. He stressed the need for regional economic development and affirmed New Zealand's solidarity with Australia in adopting independent and mutually beneficial foreign policy. Having withdrawn New Zealand troops from Vietnam upon taking office, he was highly critical of US foreign policy. The same year, he strongly opposed French nuclear tests in the Pacific, and threatened to break off diplomatic relations if they continued. He promoted racial equality at home and abroad; his government prevented the South African rugby team from touring New Zealand during 1973. However, his government has been criticised for the launching of the Dawn Raids, the aggressive crackdown on alleged overstayers that near-exclusively targeted Pasifika New Zealanders. Kirk relented to public pressure and discontinued the raids in April 1974.
<Clayton_&_Black>	Clayton & Black were a firm of architects and surveyors from Brighton, part of the English city of Brighton and Hove.  In a career spanning the Victorian, Edwardian and interwar eras, they were responsible for designing and constructing an eclectic range of buildings in the growing town of Brighton and its neighbour Hove.  Their work encompassed new residential, commercial, industrial and civic buildings, shopping arcades, churches, schools, cinemas and pubs, and alterations to hotels and other buildings.  Later reconstituted as Clayton, Black & Daviel, the company designed some churches in the postwar period.Charles E. Clayton and Ernest Black, their sons Charles L. Clayton and Kenneth Black, and other architects articled to the firm, worked in a range of styles.  The "architectural pantomime" of their Tudor Revival King and Queen pub and the elaborate Classical façade of the First Church of Christ, Scientist contrast with their plain Neo-Georgian Barclays Bank branch and the Gothic Revival St Thomas the Apostle's Church.  Elsewhere in Brighton and Hove, they designed buildings in the Flemish Renaissance, Arts and Crafts, Art Deco and François Premier Revival styles.  Many Clayton & Black buildings have been awarded listed status by English Heritage in view of their architectural importance—including their pink Baroque-style office for the Royal Assurance Society, described as their chef d'œuvre.Charles Edward Clayton was born in 1853 in Brighton, and Ernest Black, son of the Brighton coroner, was born there two years later.  Clayton entered architectural practice in 1876 with George Holford; both studied under the Brighton architect Thomas Simpson.  Black joined six years later, and Holford's involvement ceased the following year.   Charles L. Clayton and Kenneth R. Black, sons of the original partners, joined later; the name "Clayton & Black" was maintained, although "Clayton, Black & Partners" was sometimes used as well.  Charles E. Clayton, who made his home in Edburton near Brighton and who was mainly responsible for church-related commissions, died in 1923; Ernest Black had died six years earlier.  Other partners joined the firm later in the interwar period as its success grew, but the final name change did not occur until John René Francis Daviel joined in the early 1950s and became the main driving force: thereafter the company was known as "Clayton, Black and Daviel".  The last record of the company was in 1974.  Several other architects were articled to the firm at various times, such as Thomas Handy Bishop (between 1892 and 1893). John Owen Bond (between 1900 and 1903), Bernard Jessop (1908), and George Stanley Hudson.  M.G. Alford joined in the 1960s, during the Clayton, Black and Daviel era.
<Norma_Talmadge>	Norma Marie Talmadge (May 2, 1894 – December 24, 1957) was an American actress and film producer of the silent era. A major box-office draw for more than a decade, her career reached a peak in the early 1920s, when she ranked among the most popular idols of the American screen.A specialist in melodrama, her most famous film was Smilin’ Through (1922), but she also scored artistic triumphs teamed with director Frank Borzage in Secrets (1924) and The Lady (1925). Her younger sister Constance Talmadge was also a movie star. Talmadge married millionaire film producer Joseph M. Schenck and they successfully created their own production company. After reaching fame in the film studios on the East Coast, she moved to Hollywood in 1922.Talmadge was one of the most elegant and glamorous film stars of the Roaring '20s. However, by the end of the silent film era, her popularity with audiences had waned. After her two talkies proved disappointing at the box office, she retired still a very wealthy woman.
<Edward_Vardon>	Edward Charles Vardon (10 November 1866 – 23 February 1937) was an Australian businessman and politician. He served briefly as a Senator for South Australia (1921–1922) and was a member of the South Australian House of Assembly (1918–1921, 1924–1930) before and after his service in federal parliament.Vardon was born on 10 November 1866 in Hindmarsh, South Australia. He was one of five children born to Mary Ann (née Pickering) and Joseph Vardon, a printer. He was educated at North Adelaide Grammar School, leaving to work in his father's business and eventually becoming a director of Vardon and Sons. His father was active in public affairs and held elective office at all three levels of government.
<Elena_Varzi>	Elena Varzi (21 December 1926 – 1 September 2014) was an Italian film actress.Born in Rome, in spite of a non-professional acting background, Varzi made her film debut in a leading role, as the Sicilian Maria Antonia in Renato Castellani's neorealist post-war comedy-drama It's Forever Springtime. Her second role, as the mistress of a Sicilian bandit in Pietro Germi's Path of Hope, received critical acclaim. It was during filming The Forbidden Christ that Varzi met and later married Raf Vallone. She eventually left her film career, devoting herself to the family. She was the mother of Arabella, Saverio, and Eleonora Vallone. Her husband died in 2002.
<Marc_Bernaus>	Marc Bernaus Cano (born 2 February 1977) is an Andorran former footballer who played as a left back.Born in Andorra la Vella, Bernaus was a FC Barcelona youth graduate. He could never appear for the first team in La Liga, playing four seasons in Segunda División and another in Segunda División B with the B side. During his spell with the Blaugrana, he suffered a serious anterior cruciate ligament injury to his right knee that hindered his professional career.
<Apollo_Global_Management>	Apollo Global Management, Inc. is an American global private-equity firm. It provides investment management and invests in credit, private equity, and real assets. As of March 31, 2022, the company had $512 billion of assets under management, including $372 billion invested in credit, including mezzanine capital, hedge funds, non-performing loans, and collateralized loan obligations, $80.7 billion invested in private equity, and $46.2 billion invested in real assets, which includes real estate and infrastructure. The company invests money on behalf of pension funds, financial endowments, and sovereign wealth funds, as well as other institutional and individual investors. Since inception in 1990, private-equity funds managed by Apollo have produced a 24% internal rate of return (IRR) to investors, net of fees.Apollo was founded in 1990 by Leon Black, Josh Harris, and Marc Rowan. Apollo is headquartered in the Solow Building at 9 West 57th Street in New York City, with offices across North America, Europe, and Asia. Among the most notable companies in which funds managed by the company have invested are ADT Inc., Barnes & Noble, CareerBuilder, Cox Media Group, Intrado, Rackspace, Redbox, Shutterfly, Sirius Satellite Radio, Qdoba, Smart & Final, University of Phoenix, and Yahoo Inc.
<Canadian_Pacific_Railway>	The Canadian Pacific Railway (French: Chemin de fer Canadien Pacifique) (reporting marks CP, CPAA, MILW, SOO), also known simply as CPR or Canadian Pacific and formerly as CP Rail (1968–1996), is a Canadian Class I railway incorporated in 1881. The railway is owned by Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, which began operations as legal owner in a corporate restructuring in 2001.Headquartered in Calgary, Alberta, the railway owns approximately 20,100 kilometres (12,500 mi) of track in seven provinces of Canada and into the United States, stretching from Montreal to Vancouver, and as far north as Edmonton. Its rail network also serves Minneapolis–St. Paul, Milwaukee, Detroit, Chicago, and Albany, New York, in the United States.
<Marumo_no_Okite>	Marumo no Okite (マルモのおきて, lit. Marumo's Rule) is a Japanese television series which premiered on Fuji TV on April 24, 2011. This television series stars Sadao Abe as Mamoru Takagi, a public relations officer with a stationery company. It also stars child actor Fuku Suzuki and child actress Mana Ashida as Mamoru's late friend Jun-ichiro's twin children.The television series was broadcast as part of the Fuji TV's Dramatic Sunday time slot, which airs every Sunday from 9 pm to 9:54 pm.
<George_Busk>	George Busk FRS FRAI (12 August 1807 – 10 August 1886) was a British naval surgeon, zoologist and palaeontologist.Busk was born in St. Petersburg, Russia. He was the son of the merchant Robert Busk and his wife Jane. Robert Busk was the son of Sir Wadsworth Busk, who was an Attorney General of the Isle of Man. Jane Busk's father, John Westly, was Customs House clerk in St. Petersburg.
<Alan_W._Livingston>	Alan Wendell Livingston (born Alan Wendell Levison; October 15, 1917 – March 13, 2009) was an American businessman best known for his tenures at Capitol Records, first as a writer/producer best known for creating Bozo the Clown for a series of record-album and illustrative read-along children's book sets. As Vice-President in charge of Programming at NBC, in 1959 he oversaw the development and launch of the network's most successful television series, Bonanza.Livingston was born in the Pittsburgh suburb of McDonald, Pennsylvania on October 15, 1917. He was the youngest of three children, whose mother encouraged reading books and playing musical instruments. He had an older sister, Vera, and an older brother, Jay Livingston (1915–2001), who wrote or co-wrote many popular songs for films and television, including "Buttons and Bows", "Mona Lisa", "Whatever Will Be, Will Be (Que Sera, Sera)", as well as the popular Christmas song "Silver Bells".
<Maxwell_L._Anderson>	Maxwell L. Anderson (born May 1, 1956) is an American art historian, museum director, author, and non-profit executive, who currently serves as President of the Souls Grown Deep Foundation. Anderson served as director of the Indianapolis Museum of Art from 2006 to 2011 and the Dallas Museum of Art from 2011 to 2015.The son of Columbia University's Julian Clarence Levi Professor Quentin Anderson and grandson of the Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright Maxwell Anderson, he was born in 1956 in New York City and raised there, attending Collegiate School (New York) and graduating from The Dalton School. He received a B.A. from Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire in 1977 with highest distinction in Art History, and M.A. (1978) and Ph.D. (1981) degrees in the history of Art from Harvard University.Anderson worked as a curatorial assistant at The Metropolitan Museum of Art and subsequently as assistant curator from 1981–87, and became director of the Michael C. Carlos Museum in Atlanta, Georgia (1987–1995).
<Alex_Turner_(musician)>	Alexander David Turner (born 6 January 1986) is an English musician, singer, songwriter, and record producer. He is well known as the frontman and principal songwriter of the rock band Arctic Monkeys, with whom he has released seven albums. He has also recorded with his side project involving Miles Kane, as the Last Shadow Puppets and also as a solo artist.When Turner was 17, he and three friends formed Arctic Monkeys in their native Sheffield. Their debut album, Whatever People Say I Am, That's What I'm Not (2006), became the fastest-selling debut album in British history and was ranked at No. 30 on Rolling Stone's list of the greatest debut albums of all time, with the single "I Bet You Look Good on the Dancefloor" becoming a UK number-one hit. The band's subsequent studio albums, Favourite Worst Nightmare (2007), Humbug (2009), Suck It and See (2011), AM (2013), Tranquility Base Hotel & Casino (2018) and The Car (2022), have experimented with desert rock, indie pop, R&B, and lounge music. Arctic Monkeys headlined Glastonbury Festival in both 2007 and 2013, Leeds festival and Reading Festival in 2022, and performed during the 2012 London Summer Olympics opening ceremony.
<Savoia-Marchetti_SM.75>	The Savoia-Marchetti SM.75 Marsupiale (Italian: marsupial) was an Italian passenger and military transport aircraft of the 1930s and 1940s. It was a low-wing, trimotor monoplane of mixed metal and wood construction with a retractable tailwheel undercarriage. It was the last of a line of transport aeroplanes that Alessandro Marchetti began designing in the early 1930s. The SM.75 was fast, robust, capable of long-range flight and could carry up to 24 passengers for 1,000 miles.The SM.75 was designed in response to an enquiry from the Italian airline Ala Littoria, which was seeking a modern, middle-to-long-range airliner and cargo aircraft as a replacement for its Savoia-Marchetti S.73 aircraft. Savoia-Marchetti chief designer Alessandro Marchetti (1884–1966) retained the general configuration of the S.73 but introduced retractable main landing gear to reduce aerodynamic drag. The SM.75s airframe consisted of a steel-tube frame with fabric and plywood covering, and its control surfaces were plywood-covered. The SM.75 had a four-man crew, and its cabin was built to accommodate up to 25 passengers. Its short take-off run of 337 metres (1,105 feet) and shorter landing distance of 280 m (920 ft) meant that it could operate from short runways on secondary airfields.The SM.75 was powered by three  559 kW (750 hp) Alfa Romeo 126 RC.34 radial engines. Eleven aircraft fitted with three 641 kW (860 hp) Alfa Romeo 126 RC.18 14-cylinder engines were designated SM.75bis.
<Paulo_Souto>	Paulo Ganem Souto (born November 19, 1943) is a Brazilian geologist and politician. He served as governor of Bahia from 1995 to 1999 and from 2003 to 2007. He was also a senator from 1999 to 2003.In 1994, Souto run-off for governor, against Durval. Magalhães's TV Bahia, helped Souto to victory.
<Málaga_CF>	Málaga Club de Fútbol (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈmalaɣa ˈkluβ ðe ˈfuðβol], Málaga Football Club), or simply Málaga, is a football club based in Málaga, Andalusia, Spain, that competes in the Segunda División, the second tier of the Spanish league system.They won the UEFA Intertoto Cup in 2002 and qualified for the following season's UEFA Cup, reaching the quarter-final stages. They also qualified for the 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, where they were quarter-finalists. Since June 2010, the owner of the club has been Qatari investor Abdullah ben Nasser Al Thani.
<Alan_P._Merriam>	Alan Parkhurst Merriam (1 November 1923 – 14 March 1980) was an American ethnomusicologist known for his studies of music in Native America and Africa. In his book The Anthropology of Music (1964), he outlined and develops a theory and method for studying music from an anthropological perspective with anthropological methods. Although he taught at Northwestern University and University of Wisconsin, the majority of his academic career was spent at Indiana University where he was named a professor in 1962 and then chairman of the anthropology department from 1966 to 1969, which became a leading center of ethnomusicology research under his guidance. He was a co-founder of the Society for Ethnomusicology in 1952 and held the elected post of president of that society from 1963 to 1965. He edited the Newsletter of the Society for Ethnomusicology from 1952 to 1957, and he edited the journal Ethnomusicology from 1957 to 1958.Merriam's initial work was based on fieldwork carried out in his native Montana and central Africa. He undertook extensive field research among the Flathead Indians of Montana in 1950 (for his PhD) and again in 1958. In Africa, he studied with the Songye and Bashi people of Zaïre (now the Democratic Republic of Congo) and Burundi in the 1950s and again in 1973. Later, Merriam proposed a tripartite model for the study of ethnomusicology, centering on the study of "music in culture." This model suggested that music should be studied on three analytic levels: conceptualization about music; behavior in relation to music; and analysis of music's sounds. In later works, Merriam amended his original concept of "music in culture" to "music as culture."[citation needed]Merriam died in the LOT Polish Airlines Flight 007 catastrophe, on March 14, 1980.
<Independent_Political_Labour_League>	The Independent Political Labour League (IPLL) was a small New Zealand political party. It was the second organised political party to win a seat in the House of Representatives, and was a forerunner of the modern Labour Party.The IPLL was the product of a gradual move towards an independent working-class political vehicle. Previously, most workers supported the powerful Liberal Party, which had dominated Parliament since its creation. Eventually, however, the pace of reform began to slow, and calls arose for an independent workers' party. In 1904, the annual conference of Trades and Labour Councils called for the formation of a new organisation. This party would be focused solely on workers, unlike the Liberal Party, but would be committed to change through reform, unlike the revolution-minded Socialist Party. A constitution was drawn up in late 1904, and the first conference was held in early 1905, with John Rigg elected as the first president. At the conference, it was claimed that the new organisation had over a thousand members.
<Serge_Segay>	Serge Segay (real name Sergey Vsevolodovich Sigov Russian: Сергей Всеволодович Сигов, 19 March 1947 - 21 September 2014), also known as Sergej Sigej,was a Russian artist, poet, writer as well as specialist in Russian Futurism. Many of his artworks are in private and public collections throughout the world.He was an important figure in Transfurism movement as an artist, poet, writer, as well as a prominent figure in Mail art history.He was also key member of "Uktuss School" and "Anarfut" art movements.Segay was born in Murmansk, Russia on 19 March 1947. His father was a dean of Taganrog university and communist "aparatchik". After school he got a place in Taganrog university, studying Russian literature, with multiple private tutors being paid by his father. Arrangement did not last however, as there was a row between Serge Segay and his father about abstract art, which at that point was deemed as contradicting party guidelines. Row was very bad: Serge Segay run away from home (apparently also in attempt to see exhibition of Marc Chagall's paintings in Vitebsk) and his early paintings were destroyed by his father. As a result, he abandoned his education pursuits. Only much later in life, in 1985, he graduated from Saint Petersburg State Theatre Arts Academy, with diploma in Futurist's drama.
<Claire_King>	Jayne Claire King (born Jayne Claire Seed; 10 January 1962) is an English actress. She is known for her roles as Kim Tate in the ITV soap opera Emmerdale and Karen Betts in Bad Girls. She has appeared in the fourth series of Strictly Come Dancing in 2006, Safari School in 2007, and Celebrity Big Brother 14 in 2014. She also played Erica Holroyd in Coronation Street from 2014 until 2017.King grew up in Harrogate with her brother and sister.King attended Harrogate Ladies College, and as a punk chose a career in the music business, as a disc jockey in a Leeds nightclub. She then managed, sang and played keyboards in the Alternative Pop group Fidei and later To Be Continued as lead singer.
<David_Shire>	David Lee Shire (born July 3, 1937) is an American songwriter and composer of stage musicals, film and television scores. The soundtracks to the 1976 film The Big Bus, The Taking of Pelham One Two Three, The Conversation and All the President's Men, and parts of the Saturday Night Fever soundtrack such as "Manhattan Skyline", are some of his best-known works. His other work includes the score of the 1985 film Return to Oz (the "sequel-in-part" of The Wizard of Oz), and the stage musical scores of Baby, Big, Closer Than Ever, and Starting Here, Starting Now.  Shire is married to actress Didi Conn.Shire was born in Buffalo, New York, to Esther Miriam (née Sheinberg) and Buffalo society band leader and piano teacher Irving Daniel Shire. His family was Jewish. His secondary education was at the Nichols School. He met his long-time theater collaborator lyricist/director Richard Maltby, Jr. at Yale University, where they wrote two musicals, Cyrano and Grand Tour, which were produced by the Yale Dramatic Association. Shire also co-fronted a jazz group at school, the Shire-Fogg Quintet, and was a Phi Beta Kappa honors student, with a double major in English and music. He was a member of the Pundits and Elihu and he graduated magna cum laude in 1959.After a semester of graduate work at Brandeis University (where he was the first Eddie Fisher Fellow) and six months in the National Guard infantry, Shire took up residence in New York City, working as a dance class pianist, theater rehearsal and pit pianist, and society band musician while constantly working with Maltby on musicals. Their first off-Broadway show, The Sap of Life, was produced in 1961 at One Sheridan Square Theater in Greenwich Village.  He co-wrote The Village Stompers' "Washington Square" with Bob Goldstein in 1963.
<Inter_Cardiff_F.C.>	Inter Cardiff F.C. was a Welsh football club based in Leckwith, Cardiff that played in the League of Wales. Founded as Inter Cardiff in 1990, by the merger of A.F.C. Cardiff and Sully F.C, the club changed its name to Inter CabelTel in 1996 before reverting to their original name three years later.The club has had a chequered history, and has experienced turbulent times and many name changes.
<Oscar_James>	Oscar James (born 25 July 1942) is a Trinidadian actor, who is based in the United Kingdom. He has had a long and varied career, but is best known for appearing on British television, in particular the BBC soap opera EastEnders, where he played original character Tony Carpenter for over two years. James resides in north London.James was born in Trinidad, and had a poor upbringing. He came to the United Kingdom in the 1950s. He initially worked as a taxi driver, a dish-washer and also a gymnast, but he always had aspirations to be an entertainer and followed his dream by becoming an actor.
<Georgina_Chapman>	Georgina Rose Chapman (born 14 April 1976) is an English fashion designer and actress. She was a regular cast member on Project Runway All Stars and, together with Keren Craig, is a co-founder of the fashion label Marchesa. Chapman was married to film producer Harvey Weinstein before leaving him in 2017 in the wake of allegations of sexual abuse against him.Chapman was born in London, England, the daughter of Caroline Wonfor, a journalist, and Brian Chapman, a co-owner of the coffee company Percol. Chapman grew up in Richmond, southwest London. Chapman attended Marlborough College in Wiltshire. In her 20s, Chapman modelled in an advertisement for Head & Shoulders, a dandruff shampoo, and one for throat lozenges Soothers. Chapman met future business partner Keren Craig while they were students at Chelsea College of Art and Design. Chapman graduated from Wimbledon School of Art in 2001 and began her career as a costume designer. After graduation, Chapman appeared in various television shows and films.
<Lee_Morris_(footballer)>	Lee Morris (born 30 April 1980) is an English football manager and former footballer. He has previously played for Sheffield United, Derby County and Leicester City among others. He is currently the head coach of SC United Bantams.Morris was born in Blackpool, Lancashire, during his father Colin's time with the town's club and followed his father into football. He began his career with York City's Centre of Excellence before becoming a trainee at Sheffield United. He signed a professional contract with United on 24 December 1997 before making 26 league appearances and scoring six goals for the first team. This caught Derby County's attention and in the winter of 1999 he transferred for a then club record fee of £3 million, making him the 4th most expensive teenager in British football history. During his time at Derby County he scored 17 goals in 92 league games, including playing in the famous 1–0 win at Old Trafford vs Manchester United, and scoring the winning goal against Spurs. He then had a short loan spell at Huddersfield Town, where he scored once against Barnsley.
<Black_Moon_Chronicles>	The Black Moon Chronicles (French: Chroniques de la Lune Noire) is an epic dark fantasy French comic series.Written by François Marcela-Froideval, the Black Moon Chronicles is an epic story offset by liberal doses of irreverent humour and the use of colloquial modern French over the archaic language usually found in such stories. The series first episode was published in the late 80s. Following its long-lasting success in France, spin-off series were created to give more details on the background of some key characters.
<Freedom_Communications>	Freedom Communications, Inc., was an American media conglomerate that operated daily and weekly newspapers, websites and mobile applications, as well as Coast Magazine and other specialty publications. Headquartered at 625 N. Grand Avenue in Santa Ana, California, it was owned by a private equity firm, 2100 Trust, established in 2010 by investor Aaron Kushner  Freedom's flagship newspaper was the Orange County Register, based in Santa Ana.Founder R.C. Hoiles gained a one-third interest in his first newspaper (The Alliance Review in Ohio) sometime in the 1910s. He and his brother Frank bought many more local newspapers over the next several decades.  In 1935 he moved his base of operations to Santa Ana, California, and in 1950 he incorporated his syndicate as Freedom Newspapers, Inc. It was renamed Freedom Communications in 1993. Freedom was operated as an entirely family-owned business until 2004, when private-equity firms Blackstone Group and Providence Equity Partners acquired a 40 percent share in Freedom for about $460 million. As part of this transaction, Freedom had acquired substantial debt.On September 1, 2009, Freedom Communications went into a Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization. The company left bankruptcy on April 30, 2010, under the ownership of investment firms Alden Global Capital, Angelo, Gordon & Co. and Luxor Capital Group. Lenders to the company also retained a stake in Freedom.[citation needed]
<MTV_Southeast_Asia>	MTV was a pan-Asian music pay-television channel which launched on 3 May 1995 as a standalone pay television channel. It was owned by Paramount Networks EMEAA.MTV Asia was officially launched on 3 May 1995 as a 24-hour English-language channel broadcast from Singapore seen throughout Southeast Asia in territories including Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam.
<Sweet_Bird_of_Youth_(film)>	Sweet Bird of Youth is a 1962 drama film starring Paul Newman, Geraldine Page, Shirley Knight, Madeleine Sherwood, Ed Begley, Rip Torn and Mildred Dunnock. Based on the 1959 play of the same name by Tennessee Williams, it focuses on the relationship between a drifter and a faded movie star. The film was adapted and directed by Richard Brooks.The film won the Academy Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role (Ed Begley), and was nominated for Best Actress in a Leading Role (Geraldine Page) and Best Actress in a Supporting Role (Shirley Knight). The film version was sanitized, with Chance becoming a drifter rather than a gigolo for hire. The ending was also heavily altered from the explicit sexual mutilation scene depicted in the conclusion of the original stage version.Handsome, young Chance Wayne returns to his hometown of St. Cloud, Mississippi accompanied by a considerably older film star, Alexandra Del Lago. She is needy and depressed, particularly about a film she has just finished making, and speaks of retiring from the acting world forever.
<Howard_Ensign_Simmons_Jr.>	 Howard Ensign Simmons Jr. (June 17, 1929 – April 26, 1997) was an American chemist with DuPont who discovered the Simmons–Smith reaction.He was born on June 17, 1929. In 1952, Simmons received the Charles Goodyear Medal.In 1976, Simmons served as Chair of the Organic division of the American Chemical Society. He was a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the National Academy of Sciences, and the American Philosophical Society.
<F._Sherwood_Rowland>	Frank Sherwood "Sherry" Rowland (June 28, 1927 – March 10, 2012) was an American Nobel laureate and a professor of chemistry at the University of California, Irvine. His research was on atmospheric chemistry and chemical kinetics. His best-known work was the discovery that chlorofluorocarbons contribute to ozone depletion.Born in Delaware, Ohio, Rowland received a majority of his education in public schools and, due to accelerated promotion was able to graduate high school several weeks before his 16th birthday. In the summers during his high school career, Frank was entrusted to run the local weather service station. This was Rowland's first exposure to systematic experimentation and data collection. After entering Ohio Wesleyan University, Rowland was about to graduate shortly before his 18th birthday. Instead, he was enlisted to the Navy to train radar operators. Rowland was discharged after 14 months as a non commissioned officer. After entering the University of Chicago, Rowland was assigned Willard F. Libby as a mentor and began to study radiochemistry. Rowland's thesis was about the chemical state of cyclotron-produced radioactive bromine atoms. Rowland received his B.A. from Ohio Wesleyan University in 1948. He then earned his M.S. in 1951 and his Ph.D. in 1952, both from the University of Chicago.
<Virtue_Party>	Virtue Party (Turkish: Fazilet Partisi, FP) was an Islamist political party established on 17 December 1997 in Turkey. It was found unconstitutional by the Constitutional Court and then banned on 22 June 2001 for violating the secularist articles of the Constitution. After the party's ban, the party MPs founded two sections of parties: reformist Justice and Development Party (AKP), headed by Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, and traditionalist Felicity Party (SP), headed by Recai Kutan.Founders of the Virtue Party were also active members of the National Order Party (MNP), National Salvation Party (MSP) and Welfare Party (RP).Merve Kavakçı, the female elected as the MP who was banned from swearing her oath in Turkish Grand National Assembly because she wore a headscarf, was a Virtue Party member.
<Monopoly_video_games>	There have been numerous Monopoly video games based on the core game mechanics of Parker Brothers and Hasbro's board game Monopoly. They have been developed by numerous teams and released on multiple platforms over 35+ years.Many unlicensed, non-commercial computer games based on Monopoly were distributed on bulletin board systems, public domain software disks and academic computer systems, and appeared as early as the late 1970s. At the time, Parker Brothers was unaware of this distribution until a user informed them of one version that stated "A Parker Brother game" on the title screen; the company then began enforcing its copyright and trademark on Monopoly.Over the years, Monopoly has been released for different operating systems on the PC and Macintosh platforms. The first of the legally licensed commercial adaptations began in 1985 for the BBC Micro, Amstrad CPC, ZX Spectrum and MSX. Versions have been licensed and produced for the Nintendo Entertainment System, Super NES, Game Boy, Game Boy Advance, Nintendo 64, GameCube, PlayStation, PlayStation 2, Master System, Genesis, Xbox, Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, PlayStation Portable, Wii, and Nintendo Switch consoles, as well as mobile device (PDA/Smartphone) versions.[citation needed]
<Peter_Debye>	Peter Joseph William Debye ForMemRS (/dɛˈbaɪ/; Dutch: [dəˈbɛiə]; March 24, 1884 – November 2, 1966) was a Dutch-American physicist and physical chemist, and Nobel laureate in Chemistry.Born Petrus Josephus Wilhelmus Debije in Maastricht, Netherlands, Debye enrolled in the Aachen University of Technology in 1901. In 1905, he completed his first degree in electrical engineering. He published his first paper, a mathematically elegant solution of a problem involving eddy currents, in 1907. At Aachen, he studied under the theoretical physicist Arnold Sommerfeld, who later claimed that his most important discovery was Peter Debye.In 1906, Sommerfeld received an appointment at Munich, Bavaria, and took Debye with him as his assistant. Debye got his Ph.D. with a dissertation on radiation pressure in 1908. In 1910, he derived the Planck radiation formula using a method which Max Planck agreed was simpler than his own.
<Francis_Galton>	Sir Francis Galton, FRS FRAI (/ˈɡɔːltən/; 16 February 1822 – 17 January 1911), was an English Victorian era polymath: a statistician, sociologist, psychologist, anthropologist, tropical explorer, geographer, inventor, meteorologist, proto-geneticist, psychometrician and a proponent of social Darwinism, eugenics, and scientific racism. He was knighted in 1909.Galton produced over 340 papers and books. He also created the statistical concept of correlation and widely promoted regression toward the mean. He was the first to apply statistical methods to the study of human differences and inheritance of intelligence, and introduced the use of questionnaires and surveys for collecting data on human communities, which he needed for genealogical and biographical works and for his anthropometric studies. He was a pioneer of eugenics, coining the term itself in 1883, and also coined the phrase "nature versus nurture". His book Hereditary Genius (1869) was the first social scientific attempt to study genius and greatness.
<Ilkka_Hanski>	Ilkka Aulis Hanski ForMemRS (14 February 1953 – 10 May 2016) was a Finnish ecologist at the University of Helsinki, Finland. The Metapopulation Research Center led by Hanski, until his death, has been nominated as a Center of Excellence by the Academy of Finland. The group studies species living in fragmented landscapes and attempts to advance metapopulation ecology research. Metapopulation ecology itself studies populations of plants and animals which are separated in space by occupying patches.Ilkka Hanski took his bachelor's degree and Licentiate's degree in the University of Helsinki in 1976 and Doctoral degree from the University of Oxford in 1979. Hanski was a graduate student in Oxford from 1976 to 1979. He was appointed as a docent in the University of Helsinki in 1981 and in the University of Joensuu in 1983. He worked in the Academy of Finland from 1978 to 1988 as well as from 1991 to 1992. He worked as an acting professor of zoology in the University of Helsinki from 1988 to 1991, and was appointed (full) professorship of zoology in 1993. Hanski served as an Academy Professor for the Academy of Finland from 1996 until his death. In 2000, he was elected a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
<University_of_Cambridge>	The University of Cambridge is a public collegiate research university in Cambridge, England. Founded in 1209 and granted a royal charter by Henry III in 1231, Cambridge is the world's third oldest surviving university and one of its most prestigious, currently ranked second-best in the world and the best in Europe by QS World University Rankings. Among the university's most notable alumni are 11 Fields Medalists, seven Turing Award winners, 47 heads of state, 14 British prime ministers, 194 Olympic medal-winning athletes, and some of world history's most transformational and iconic figures across disciplines, including Francis Bacon, Lord Byron, Oliver Cromwell, Charles Darwin, Stephen Hawking, John Maynard Keynes, John Milton, Vladimir Nabokov, Jawaharlal Nehru, Isaac Newton, Bertrand Russell, Manmohan Singh, Alan Turing, Ludwig Wittgenstein, and others. Cambridge alumni and faculty have won 121 Nobel Prizes, the most of any university in the world, according to the university.The University of Cambridge's 13th-century founding was largely inspired by an association of scholars then who fled the University of Oxford for Cambridge following the suspendium clericorium (hanging of the scholars) in a dispute with local townspeople. The two ancient English universities, though sometimes described as rivals, share many common features and are often jointly referred to as Oxbridge. The university was founded from a variety of institutions, including 31 semi-autonomous constituent colleges and over 150 academic departments, faculties, and other institutions organised into six schools. All the colleges are self-governing institutions within the university, managing their own personnel and policies, and all students are required to have a college affiliation within the university. The university does not have a main campus, and its colleges and central facilities are scattered throughout the city. Undergraduate teaching at Cambridge centres on weekly group supervisions in the colleges in small groups of typically one to four students. This intensive method of teaching is widely considered the jewel in the crown of an Oxbridge undergraduate education. Lectures, seminars, laboratory work, and occasionally further supervisions are provided by the central university faculties and departments, and Postgraduate education is also predominantly provided centrally; degrees, however, are conferred by the university, not the colleges.
<Bachelorette_(film)>	Bachelorette is a 2012 American comedy film written and directed by Leslye Headland, adapted from her play of the same name. It stars Kirsten Dunst, Lizzy Caplan and Isla Fisher as three troubled women who reunite for the wedding of a friend (played by Rebel Wilson) who was ridiculed in high school. The play which the film is based upon was originally written as one of Headland's cycle of "Seven Deadly Sins" plays.The film wrapped production in New York, and premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 23, 2012. It received a limited release in the United States on September 7, 2012.
<JoGayle_Howard>	JoGayle Dillon Howard (1951–2011) was an American zoologist and theriogenologist specializing in the captive breeding of endangered species such as pandas, clouded leopards, and black-footed ferrets.Howard was born on May 20, 1951, in Dallas, Texas. She graduated with a doctorate in veterinary medicine from Texas A&M in 1980. She earned a PhD in reproductive physiology from University of Maryland in 1989. Dr. Howard received her D.V.M. from Texas A&M University in 1980, and Ph.D. from the University of Maryland in 1989.Originally a veterinarian, Howard later became an expert in animal breeding, receiving the nickname "Sperm Queen".” She used common human infertility treatments, like artificial insemination and In vitro fertilisation, and was a pioneer in electroejaculation techniques.
<Carrara_Stadium>	Gold Coast Suns (AFL) (2011–present)Gold Coast Suns Women (AFLW) (2020–present)North Melbourne Kangaroos (AFL) (2007–2008)Brisbane Bears (AFL) (1987–1992)Brisbane Lions (AFL)(2021)Cricket
<FC_Barcelona_B>	Futbol Club Barcelona Atlètic, commonly referred to as Barça Atlètic or Barça B, is a football team based in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain, that competes in Primera Federación – Group 2, the third tier of the Spanish league system. Founded in 1970, it is the reserve team of FC Barcelona and it plays its home fixtures at Johan Cruyff Stadium.Reserve teams in Spain play in the same league system as the senior team, rather than in a reserve team league. They must play at least one level below their main side and they are not eligible to play in the Copa del Rey.
<Democratic_Party_of_Japan>	The Democratic Party of Japan (民主党, Minshutō) was a centrist to centre-left liberal or social-liberal political party in Japan from 1998 to 2016.The party's origins lie in the previous Democratic Party of Japan, which was founded in September 1996 by politicians of the centre-right and centre-left with roots in the Liberal Democratic Party and Japan Socialist Party. In April 1998, the previous DPJ merged with splinters of the New Frontier Party to create a new party which retained the DPJ name. In 2003, the party was joined by the Liberal Party of Ichirō Ozawa.Following the 2009 election, the DPJ became the ruling party in the House of Representatives, defeating the long-dominant Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) and gaining the largest number of seats in both the House of Representatives and the House of Councillors. The DPJ was ousted from government by the LDP in the 2012 general election. It retained 57 seats in the lower house, and still had 88 seats in the upper house. During its time in office, the DPJ was beset by internal conflicts and struggled to implement many of its proposed policies, an outcome described by political scientists Phillip Lipscy and Ethan Scheiner as the "paradox of political change without policy change". Legislative productivity under the DPJ was particularly low, falling to levels unprecedented in recent Japanese history according to some measures. However, the DPJ implemented a number of progressive measures during its time in office such as the provision of free public schooling through high school, increases in child-rearing subsidies, expanded unemployment insurance coverage, extended duration of a housing allowance, and stricter regulations safeguarding part-time and temporary workers.
<The_Price_of_Silence_(book)>	The Price of Silence: The Duke Lacrosse Scandal, the Power of the Elite, and the Corruption of Our Great Universities is a nonfiction book about the Duke lacrosse case by William D. Cohan. It was published on April 8, 2014, by Scribner.The Price of Silence is a new account of the 2006 Duke lacrosse case scandal that details the pressures faced by America's elite colleges and universities and addresses the issues of sexual misconduct, underage drinking, and bad-boy behavior.The 2006 Duke lacrosse case was front-page news nationwide. Cohan feels that the true story of the alleged team rape case has never been told in its entirety and was more complex than all the reportage would indicate. The Price of Silence elaborated on what happened when the most combustible forces in American culture—unbridled ambition, intellectual elitism, athletic prowess, aggressive sexual behavior, racial bias, and absolute prosecutorial authority collided and then exploded on a powerful university campus, in the justice system, and in the media.
<Inger_Stevens>	Inger Stevens (born Ingrid Stensland; October 18, 1934 – April 30, 1970) was a Swedish-American film, stage and Golden Globe-winning television actress.Inger Stevens was born in Stockholm, Sweden, the eldest child of Per Gustaf and Lisbet Stensland.[self-published source] When she was six years old, her mother abandoned the family, taking her youngest son Peter with her. Soon after, Stevens' father moved to the United States, leaving Stevens and her brother Ola in the custody of the family maid and then later with an aunt in Lidingö, near Stockholm. In 1944, Stevens and her brother moved to the United States and lived with their father and his new wife in New York City where he was completing his PhD in Education at Columbia University. At age 13, Stevens moved with her family to Manhattan, Kansas, where her father taught at Kansas State University. Stevens attended Manhattan High School.
<Russian_Soviet_Federative_Socialist_Republic>	The Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic, Russian SFSR or RSFSR (Russian: Российская Советская Федеративная Социалистическая Республика, tr. Rossíyskaya Sovétskaya Federatívnaya Socialistíčeskaya Respúblika, IPA: [rɐˈsʲijskəjə sɐˈvʲetskəjə fʲɪdʲɪrɐˈtʲivnəjə sətsɨəlʲɪˈsʲtʲitɕɪskəjə rʲɪˈspublʲɪkə] (listen)), previously known as the Russian Soviet Republic and the Russian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic as well as being unofficially known as Soviet Russia, the Russian Federation or simply Russia, was an independent federal socialist state from 1917 to 1922, and afterwards the largest and most populous of the Soviet socialist republics of the Soviet Union (USSR) from 1922 to 1991, until becoming a sovereign part of the Soviet Union with priority of Russian laws over Union-level legislation in 1990 and 1991, the last two years of the existence of the USSR. The Russian Republic was composed of sixteen smaller constituent units of autonomous republics, five autonomous oblasts, ten autonomous okrugs, six krais and forty oblasts. Russians formed the largest ethnic group. The capital of the Russian SFSR was Moscow and the other major urban centers included Leningrad, Stalingrad, Novosibirsk, Sverdlovsk, Gorky and Kuybyshev. It was the first Marxist-Leninist state in the world.
<Tjoet_Nja'_Dhien>	Tjoet Nja' Dhien (pronounced [ˈtʃʊt ˈɲaʔ diˈɛn]) is a 1988 Indonesian film directed by Eros Djarot and starring Piet Burnama, Christine Hakim, Rudy Wowor, and Slamet Rahardjo. Based on the life's story of female Acehnese guerrilla leader Cut Nyak Dhien, it focuses on the six-year period between her second husband, Teuku Umar's death and her capture by the Dutch colonial army. Tjoet Nja' Dhien was released to critical acclaim, winning 9 Citra Awards, and was screened at the Selection de la Semaine de la Critique in Cannes, 1989. It also became Indonesia's submission to the 62nd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not nominated.Tjoet Nja' Dhien is based on the life of Cut Nyak Dhien, an Acehnese strategist, political mentor, and freedom fighter. Born to an aristocratic family in Aceh Besar in 1848, Dhien married Teuku Cek Ibrahim Lamnga at a young age. After her father and husband died in separate attempts to repel the Royal Netherlands East Indies Army during the Second Aceh Expedition, Dhien swore revenge against the Dutch colonials.
<Isla_Blair>	Isla Blair Glover (born 29 September 1944) is a British actress and singer. She made her first stage appearance in 1963 as Philia in the London debut of A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum.Isla Blair was born in Bangalore, India, on 29 September 1944. Her father, Ian Baxter Blair-Hill, was a British tea planter of Scottish descent. Blair's interest in performing arts first became apparent when, at the age of two, she gave an impromptu singing performance on the boat ride from India to England. She went on to attend the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art to prepare for a career in acting.
<Bill_Yates>	Floyd Buford Yates (July 5, 1921 – March 26, 2001), better known as Bill Yates, was an American cartoonist who drew gag cartoons and comic strips before assuming the position of comic strip editor for King Features Syndicate in 1978.Born in Samson, Alabama, Yates learned to cartoon by taking the W. L. Evans Correspondence Course, and his first sale was a five dollar first prize in The Open Road for Boys cartoon contest. He served as an aviator in the United States Navy during World War II, training fighter pilots in Corpus Christi, Texas, where he married Jessie Jean ("Skippy") Hardy. As a journalism student at the University of Texas, he edited the campus humor magazine, The Texas Ranger.Moving to New York in 1950, he edited Dell Publishing's cartoon magazines (1000 Jokes, Ballyhoo, For Laughing Out Loud) and Dell's paperback cartoon collections, such as Forever Funny (1956). His comic strip about an absent-minded professor, Professor Phumble, was carried by King Features from 1960 to 1978. (In Brazil during the early 1960s, Professor Phumble was published as Zé Fiasco in the Correio da Manhã newspaper. But his more famous Brazilian nickname is the one used by the Folha de S.Paulo newspaper, Professor Tantã.)
<Suning_Holdings_Group>	Suning Holdings Group Co., Ltd. (Chinese: 苏宁控股集团有限公司) is a Chinese privately held company. The company shared the same founder Zhang Jindong with the listed company Suning.com, but Suning Holdings was the unlisted portion of Zhang's unincorporated Suning Group. According to All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce, Suning Holdings Group was ranked as the second largest civilian-run enterprise in the Mainland China in 2018.The holding company is also famous for the acquisition of Inter Milan.Suning Holdings, as of 2016, owned an equity stake of 3.33% in Suning.com, formerly known as Suning Commerce Group (Chinese: 苏宁云商集团) and Suning Appliance (Chinese: 苏宁电器股份).
<95_BOP_FM>	95 BOP FM was a radio station in Tauranga, New Zealand.The station was started by Radio New Zealand (which was then known as the National Broadcasting Service) in 1961. The station was originally branded as it is callsign 1ZD and broadcasts on 1000AM.
<Chi-fu_Huang>	Chi-fu Huang (黄奇辅; born 1955) is a private investor, a retired hedge fund manager, and a former finance academic. He has made contributions to the theory of financial economics, writing on dynamic general equilibrium theory, intertemporal utility theory, and the theory of individual consumption and portfolio decisions.  He is a Managing Member of CMASH, LLC, a member of the Management Committee of Starling Ventures LLC, a Board Member of DeepMacro, 9M Technologies, and an owner of numbersgamewines.com. He serves on the Advisory Board of the Dean of School of Sciences, Massachusetts Institute of Technology.Huang received his B.A. in Economics from National Taiwan University in 1977 and Ph.D. in Financial economics from Stanford University in the United States in 1983. He was on the faculty of the MIT Sloan School of Management from 1983 to 1994, and was a full professor holding the J.C. Penney Professorship in Finance when he left MIT in the summer of 1994.
<Mykhailo_Hrechyna>	Mykhailo Hnatovych Hrechyna (Ukrainian: Миха́йло Гна́тович Гречи́на; April 2, 1902 – June 21, 1979), a Soviet architect from Ukraine, recipient of the Ukrainian State Prize (1982).Mykhailo Hrechyna was born in the village of Budyshche, Kiev Governorate (Russian Empire), today it's the village of Cherkasy Raion around the city of Cherkasy. In 1930 he graduated from the architect department of the Kiev Art Institute (today, National Academy of visual arts and architecture).
<University_of_Illinois_College_of_Medicine>	The University of Illinois College of Medicine offers a four-year program leading to the MD degree at four different sites in Illinois: Chicago, Peoria, Rockford, and formerly Urbana–Champaign. The Urbana–Champaign site stopped accepting new students after Fall 2016 to make room for the newly established Carle Illinois College of Medicine.In 2011, enrollment of medical students in the University of Illinois system totaled 1,290 according to the Association of American Medical Colleges.
<Ann_Shoemaker>	Ann Shoemaker (born Anne Dorothea Shoemaker; January 10, 1891 – September 18, 1978) was an American actress who appeared in 70 films and TV movies between 1928 and 1976. She portrayed Sara Roosevelt, mother of Franklin D. Roosevelt, in both the stage and film versions of Sunrise at Campobello.She was married to actor Henry Stephenson; the couple had a daughter.[citation needed]
<Robert_Kraft>	Robert Kenneth Kraft (born June 5, 1941) is an American billionaire businessman. He is the chairman and chief executive officer (CEO) of the Kraft Group, a diversified holding company with assets in paper and packaging, sports and entertainment, real estate development, and a private equity portfolio. Since 1994, he has owned the New England Patriots of National Football League (NFL). Kraft also owns the New England Revolution of Major League Soccer (MLS), which he founded in 1996, and the esport-based Boston Uprising, which he founded in 2017. As of 2022,[update] he has a net worth of $10.6 billion.Kraft was born in Brookline, Massachusetts, the son of Sarah Bryna (Webber) and Harry Kraft, a dress manufacturer in Boston's Chinatown. His mother was born in Halifax, Nova Scotia; his father was a lay leader at Congregation Kehillath Israel in Brookline and wanted his son to become a rabbi. The Krafts were a Modern Orthodox Jewish family. Robert attended the Edward Devotion School and graduated from Brookline High School. As a child, he sold newspapers outside of Braves Field in Boston. During high school, he was unable to participate in most sports because it interfered with his after-school Hebrew studies and observance of the Sabbath.
<St_Peter's_Church,_Eaton_Square>	St. Peter's Church, Eaton Square, is a Church of England parish church at the east end of Eaton Square, Belgravia, London. It is a neoclassical building designed by the architect Henry Hakewill with a hexastyle portico with Ionic columns and a clock tower. On 19 October 1991 The Times newspaper wrote "St Peter’s must now rank as one of the most beautiful churches in London". It is a Grade II* listed building.St Peter's was built between 1824 and 1827 during the first development of Eaton Square. The interior was, as was common at the time, a "preaching box", with galleries in three sides and the organ and choir at the west end. James Elmes called the effect "chaste and simple".
<Tom's_Midnight_Garden>	Tom's Midnight Garden is a children's fantasy novel by Philippa Pearce. It was first published in 1958 by Oxford with illustrations by Susan Einzig. It has been reissued in print many times and also adapted for radio, television, the cinema, and the stage. Pearce won the annual Carnegie Medal from the Library Association, recognising the year's outstanding children's book by a British subject. In 2007, for a celebration of the Carnegie Medal's 70th anniversary, a panel named Tom's Midnight Garden one of the top ten Medal-winning works and the British public elected it the nation's second-favourite.Tom is a modern boy living under quarantine with his aunt and uncle in a city flat, part of a converted building that was a country house during the 1880s–1890s. At night he slips back in time to the old garden where he finds a girl playmate, called Hatty. Hatty is a princess or so she says.
<Missouri_Valley_Conference_Men's_Basketball_Coach_of_the_Year>	The Missouri Valley Conference Men's Basketball Coach of the Year is an annual basketball award given to the Missouri Valley Conference's most outstanding head coach. The award was first given following the 1948–49 season.As of 2022, among current members, Drake has the most all–time awards with nine, and Bradley has the most individual recipients with six.  There have been three ties for the coach of the year (1969, 1973 and 1987); there have been fourteen repeat winners in the award's history. Two coaches have won the award three consecutive times—Maury John of Drake in 1968–1970 and Gregg Marshall of Wichita State in 2012–2014. The only current MVC members without a winner are Valparaiso, which played its first conference season in 2017–18, and the three programs that start MVC play in 2022–23—Belmont, Murray State, and UIC.Years of joining for each school are the actual calendar years of entry, which normally occurs on July 1 of the stated calendar year. Years of awards reflect the end of the basketball season.
<Fergus_I._M._Craik>	Fergus Ian Muirden Craik FRS (born 17 April 1935, Edinburgh, Scotland) is a cognitive psychologist known for his research on levels of processing in memory.  This work was done in collaboration with Robert Lockhart at the University of Toronto in 1972 and continued with another collaborative effort with Endel Tulving in 1975. Craik has received numerous awards and is considered a leader in the area of memory, attention and cognitive aging. Moreover, his work over the years can be seen in developmental psychology, aging and memory, and the neuropsychology of memory.He studied at the University of Edinburgh and gained his bachelor of science in psychology in 1960. In 1965, he received his PhD from the University of Liverpool. He began his academic career at Birkbeck College, and then moved to Toronto, Ontario, Canada to pursue an academic career at the University of Toronto in 1971.  Currently, he is a Senior Scientist at the Rotman Research Institute in Toronto. In recent times, he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 2008.
<William_Appleton_Potter>	William Appleton Potter (December 10, 1842 – February 19, 1909) was an American architect who designed numerous buildings for Princeton University, as well as municipal offices and churches. He served as a Supervising Architect of the Treasury from 1874 to 1877.Born in 1842 in Schenectady, New York, Potter grew up in Philadelphia, where he attended Episcopal Academy. He then returned to his birthplace to matriculate at Union College as a member of the Class of 1864. Potter was the son of Bishop Alonzo Potter and had eight brothers, including:He became an assistant professor at Columbia College, where he taught chemistry for a year, after which he spent another year touring France. His collegiate background distinguished him from most architects of the first half of the 19th century, who received their training through apprenticeship in the building trades and sometimes in the offices of practicing architects. The apprenticeship tradition was still strong, however, and Potter received his professional training first in the New York office of George B. Post, and then in his half-brother's office at Schenectady.
<Heinrich_Wenck>	Heinrich (Henry) Emil Charles Wenck (10 March 1851 – 3 February 1936) was a Danish architect, known for the numerous railway stations he designed in his capacity of chief architect for the Danish State Railways from 1894 to 1921. During the years Wenck held the post, the railway network in Denmark experienced a strong expansion and he designed around 150 stations of which 15 are listed today. Among these are Copenhagen Central Station and the Øresund Railway stations which are examples of his National Romantic and Historicist styles. From 1903 he was a titular professor at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts in Copenhagen.Heinrich Wenck was born on 10 March 1851 in Aarhus to Theodor Wenck, a military officer and later general à la suite who worked for the Danish road services, and his wife née Pacht. He attended the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts from 1869 studying under Ferdinand Meldahl and Christian Hansen, graduating in 1876. In 1878 he won the Academy's small gold medal for a project for a library in Neo-Gothic style and received a travel scholarship which took him to Italy from 1883 to 1885.From 1882 Wenck was employed by the Danish State Railways. He first worked under chief architect Niels Peder Christian Holsøe but from 1891, when Holsøe was hit by an eye disease, he gradually took over more of his responsibilities with title of First Architect, before succeeding him as Chief Architect in 1894. His first major assignment was Helsingør railway station which he designed in collaboration with Holsøe. It was inaugurated on 24 October 1891.
<Chris_Cleaver>	Christopher William Cleaver (born 24 March 1979 in Hitchin) is a former English football midfielder who last played for Finnish Veikkausliiga side SJK.He was a schoolboy at Norwich City, but started his senior career at Peterborough United. Following loan-spells at Grantham Town, King's Lynn and Cambridge City, he moved to Finland to play for TP-Seinäjoki. He then played for FF Jaro, AC Allianssi and Swedish side GIF Sundsvall, before returning to Finland to play for TPS and SJK until 2013. After his football career Cleaver has worked as a football agent.
<Latvia_national_under-21_football_team>	The Latvia national under-21 football team represents the under-21s of Latvia and is controlled by the Latvian Football Federation, the governing body of football in Latvia. The team competes in the UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship, held every two years. The team is coached by Aleksandrs Basovs and is currently captained by defender Daniels Balodis.Following the realignment of UEFA's youth competitions in 1976, under-21 football teams in Europe were formed, while Latvian team was formed only in 1991, after regaining independence from USSR. The team is exclusively for football players that are aged 21 or under at the start of the two-year campaign of the UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship meaning a player can represent the national team until the age of 23. Many U-21 players later represent the senior side.Latvia U-21 have never yet qualified for the European U-21 championships, but has produced many players, who have become regular internationals for the senior side. Oskars Kļava, Deniss Ivanovs, Edgars Gauračs and Artjoms Rudņevs have all played for the U-21 side and are now first eleven players for Latvia internationally.
<Fabio_Bazzani>	Fabio Bazzani (Italian pronunciation: [ˈfaːbjo badˈdzaːni]; born 20 October 1976) is an Italian football coach and a former player who played as a striker. As a player, he was known in particular for his heading ability, as well his shooting accuracy and physical strength.After two seasons with amateur side Boca San Lazzaro, Bazzani moved to Serie C2 club Sandonà. In 1997, he was in Serie B team Venezia, but played only twice in the season. He moved to Varese and then Arezzo, where he made an impression scoring 20 goals in 31 matches under the management of Serse Cosmi. In 2000, he returned to Venezia, but scored only five goals in 36 matches. In 2001, he rejoined his former coach Cosmi when he signed with Serie A side Perugia, where he scored ten goals.
<Millennium_Technology_Prize>	The Millennium Technology Prize (Finnish: Millennium-teknologiapalkinto) is one of the world's largest technology prizes. It is awarded once every two years by Technology Academy Finland, an independent foundation established by Finnish industries, academic institutions, and the state of Finland. The patron of the prize is the President of Finland. The Millennium Technology Prize is Finland's tribute to innovations for a better life. The aims of the prize are to promote technological research and Finland as a high-tech Nordic welfare state. The prize was inaugurated in 2004.The idea of the prize came originally from the Finnish academician Pekka Jauho, with American real estate investor and philanthropist Arthur J Collingsworth encouraging its establishment. The Prize celebrates innovations that have a favorable and sustainable impact on quality of life and well-being of people. The innovations also must have been applied in practice and stimulate further research and development. Compared to the Nobel Prize the Millennium Technology Prize is a technology award, whereas the Nobel Prize is a science award. Furthermore, the Nobel Prize is awarded for basic research, but the Millennium Technology Prize may be given to a recently conceived innovation which is still being developed. The Millennium Technology Prize is not intended as a reward for lifetime achievement.The Millennium Technology Prize is awarded by Technology Academy Finland (formerly Millennium Prize Foundation and Finnish Technology Award Foundation), established in 2002 by eight Finnish organisations supporting technological development and innovation. The prize sum is 1 million euros (~US$1.3 million). The Millennium Technology Prize is awarded every second year and its patron is the president of Finland.
<John_Archibald_Wheeler>	John Archibald Wheeler (July 9, 1911 – April 13, 2008) was an American theoretical physicist. He was largely responsible for reviving interest in general relativity in the United States after World War II. Wheeler also worked with Niels Bohr in explaining the basic principles behind nuclear fission. Together with Gregory Breit, Wheeler developed the concept of the Breit–Wheeler process. He is best known for popularizing the term "black hole," as to objects with gravitational collapse already predicted during the early 20th century, for inventing the terms "quantum foam", "neutron moderator", "wormhole" and "it from bit", and for hypothesizing the "one-electron universe". Stephen Hawking referred to him as the "hero of the black hole story".Wheeler earned his doctorate at Johns Hopkins University under the supervision of Karl Herzfeld, and studied under Breit and Bohr on a National Research Council fellowship. During 1939 he collaborated with Bohr to write a series of papers using the liquid drop model to explain the mechanism of fission. During World War II, he worked with the Manhattan Project's Metallurgical Laboratory in Chicago, where he helped design nuclear reactors, and then at the Hanford Site in Richland, Washington, where he helped DuPont build them. He returned to Princeton after the war ended, but returned to government service to help design and build the hydrogen bomb in the early 1950s.
<Chaim_Topol>	Chaim Topol (Hebrew: חיים טופול; born September 9, 1935), also spelled Haym Topol, mononymously known as Topol, is an Israeli actor, comedian, singer, film producer, author, and illustrator. He is best known for his portrayal of Tevye the Dairyman, the lead role in the musical Fiddler on the Roof, on both stage and screen, having performed this role more than 3,500 times in shows and revivals from the late 1960s through 2009.Topol began his acting career during his Israeli army service in the Nahal entertainment troupe, and later toured Israel with kibbutz theatre and satirical theatre companies. He was a co-founder of the Haifa Theatre. His breakthrough film role came in 1964 as the title character in Sallah Shabati, by Israeli writer Ephraim Kishon, for which he won a Golden Globe for Most Promising Newcomer—Male. Topol went on to appear in more than 30 films in Israel and the United States, including Galileo (1975), Flash Gordon (1980) and For Your Eyes Only (1981). He was described as Israel's only internationally recognized entertainer from the 1960s through the 1980s. He won a Golden Globe for Best Actor and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor for his 1971 film portrayal of Tevye, and was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Actor for a 1991 Broadway revival of Fiddler on the Roof.
<Nick_&_Norah's_Infinite_Playlist>	Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist is a 2008 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Peter Sollett and starring Michael Cera and Kat Dennings. Written by Lorene Scafaria and based on the novel of the same name by Rachel Cohn and David Levithan, the story tells of teenagers Nick (Cera) and Norah (Dennings), who meet when Norah asks Nick to pretend to be her boyfriend for five minutes. Over the course of the night, they try to find their favorite band's secret show and search for Norah's drunken best friend.The film came into development in 2003 when producer Kerry Kohansky Roberts found Cohn and Levithan's novel and decided to adapt it for film. Scafaria was hired to write the script in 2005, and Sollett signed on to direct the film in 2006. Principal photography took place over 29 days from October to December 2007, primarily in Manhattan and Brooklyn, New York City.
<Martha_Hart>	Martha Joan Hart (née Patterson; born October 31, 1966) is a Canadian philanthropist and researcher who is the widow of professional wrestler Owen Hart. After her husband's death in an accident at Over the Edge, Hart sued the World Wrestling Federation. She later wrote a bestselling book about her husband's life and founded a charity in his name. She has subsequently been involved in several legal cases involving her husband's image and has worked as a philanthropist and researcher.Hart was born Martha Joan Patterson on October 31, 1966, the youngest of eleven children. Her mother, Joan, battled breast cancer before Martha and her sister Virginia were born; her father left her mother when Martha was young. She completed two degrees at the University of Calgary in Psychology (with distinction) and Sociology (1st-class honours) before moving to England to complete a master's degree and a PhD in Social and Development Psychology at Cambridge University. She has since worked as a university researcher in the area of pediatrics.In 1982, she met her husband Owen Hart at the age of 15, while they were both still in high school. She attended a Stampede Wrestling event with a friend, and met Owen after recognizing him as one of the wrestlers who attended her school for a wrestling practice. They married on July 1, 1989, and had two children together: Oje Edward Hart and Athena Christie Hart.  Owen died while performing a stunt on May 23, 1999, at the World Wrestling Federation (WWF)'s Over the Edge pay-per-view. As a result of the charitable contributions achieved through the Owen Hart Foundation, Martha was named Individual Philanthropist of the Year in 2004 by the AFP. She was Calgary's 2011 Champions of Learning.[citation needed] Hart was named the 2017 Goodwill Ambassador for the Monaco International Film Festival. Hart has had a long standing relationship with this non-profit international special interest film festival and is also the Monaco International Film Festival's Vice President of the Angel Film Awards. In her spare time, she writes a popular movie blog, titled, "Movie Meanings – Main Messages" about how to find the meaning of life through the movies we watch.
<Real_Jaén>	Real Jaén Club de Fútbol, S.A.D. is a Spanish football team based in Jaén, in the autonomous community of Andalusia. Founded in 1929 it plays in Tercera División RFEF, holding home matches at Nuevo Estadio de La Victoria, with a capacity of 12,569 spectators. The club's biggest achievement has been playing 3 seasons in La Liga, the Spanish top tier, during the 1950s.The club was founded in 1929 as Sociedad Olímpica Jiennense, and in 1947 it changed its name to Real Jaén Club de Fútbol. The team did not enroll in a national division until 1943 when it promoted to the Tercera Division. It immediately became a dominant team in the Spanish third division usually finishing in the top four.After nine seasons in the Tercera Division, the "Lizards" were promoted to the Segunda Division in 1952. Their good form continued in the second division, as Real Jaén managed to win the 1952–53 Segunda Division group south, and managed to promote to La Liga for the first time ever. They won all of their home games that season including a 9–0 home win over fellow Andalusians Granada CF.
<Hetty_Baynes>	Henrietta Sara Louise Baynes (born 16 August 1956) is an English film, television and theatre actress. She began her career in ballet by training from the age of 10 at the Royal Ballet School and made her professional debut, at the age of 12, in Rudolf Nureyev's The Nutcracker followed by The Sleeping Beauty at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden. In her mid-teens she moved from dance to acting.She began her acting career at 17, as an acting ASM in repertory theatre. She was married to film director Ken Russell from 1992 to 1999; they had one son.
<Anne_Froelick>	Anne Froelick Taylor (December 8, 1913 – January 26, 2010) was an American screenwriter from 1941 to 1950, and later a playwright and novelist. Her screenwriting career ended when she was identified as a communist by two witnesses at a hearing before the HUAC.Anne Froelick was born in Hinsdale, Massachusetts, but her family moved to Princeton, New Jersey when she was a child. She briefly attended Smith College before moving to New York City at the age of 19 to try to start an acting career. Beginning in her career in 1938, Taylor was onetime model and actress in New York City, Taylor began her writing career while serving as secretary to Howard Koch, then a writer for Orson Welles' The Mercury Theatre on the Air. Taylor assisted Koch on his adaptation of H.G. Wells' The War of the Worlds which made radio history when it was broadcast that same year.When Koch went to work as a writer at Warner Bros., he wanted the studio to hire Taylor as a writer. After helping Koch on the psychological themes and rewriting some of the scenes for his screenplay for The Letter, Warner Bros. signed Taylor to a writing contract. Her first screen credit was the 1941 drama Shining Victory, which she co-wrote with Koch. Her screenwriting credits followed: The Master Race, Miss Susie Slagle's, Easy Come, Easy Go, and Harriet Craig.
<Steve_Fisher>	Steve Fisher may refer to:
<Portugal_national_under-19_football_team>	The Portugal national under-19 football team represents Portugal in international football at this age level and is controlled by Federação Portuguesa de Futebol, the governing body for Portuguese football.
<Craig_Davies_(footballer)>	Craig Martin Davies (born 9 January 1986) is a former professional footballer who played as a striker. Born in England, he was capped seven times for Wales in an eight-year international career.He started his career at Manchester City, though became a first team regular at Oxford United between 2004 and 2006. He spent a brief time in Italy with Hellas Verona, but swiftly returned to England on loan with Wolverhampton Wanderers, before signing with Oldham Athletic in 2007. Spending time on loan with Stockport County in 2008, he left Oldham the following year and signed to Brighton & Hove Albion. Enjoying loan spells with Yeovil Town and Port Vale, he transferred permanently to Chesterfield in 2010, who he helped to win the League Two title in his first season. He signed with Barnsley in July 2011, before being sold to Bolton Wanderers for £300,000 in January 2013. He joined Preston North End on loan 12 months later after losing his place in the Bolton team. He signed with Wigan Athletic in July 2015, and helped the club to win promotion as champions of League One. He joined Scunthorpe United in January 2017, and then rejoined Oldham Athletic five months later. He was sold on to Mansfield Town in June 2018 and stayed with the club for two years.
<Paul_Peschisolido>	Paolo Pasquale Peschisolido (born 25 May 1971), commonly known as Paul Peschisolido, is a Canadian soccer manager and former player. Peschisolido was manager of English League Two club Burton Albion from May 2009 until March 2012.A forward, Peschisolido began his career in the Canadian Soccer League with the Toronto Blizzard and played in the Major Indoor Soccer League with the Kansas City Comets before moving to England.
<Paul_C._Reilly>	 Paul Cornelius  Reilly (1890–1984) was an American architect who designed many buildings for Catholic clients. He is also remembered for his design of Manhattan theatres.Reilly was born in New York City and studied in the public schools of the city. He graduated from Columbia University and, early in his career, was chief designer for the former New York City architectural firm of Thomas W. Lamb.During the 1920s, Reilly entered into a partnership with Douglas Pairman Hall forming a firm named Reilly and Hall. Mr Reilly's theaters were produced by this firm. Later, Reilly would continue to practice under his own name.
<Arthur_Davenport_(engineer)>	Arthur Davenport F.R.Ae.S (9 July 1891 – 31 August 1976) was a British aircraft engineer working for Westland Aircraft in Yeovil, Somerset.When the Westland Aircraft Works was created by the Petter twins in 1915, Arthur was one of the first draughtsman to be recruited from Petter's Ltd. He was chief designer from 1919, working under the direction of Teddy Petter from May 1934 until 1944, when Petter left (to join English Electric) and Davenport became technical director. According to Harald Penrose, he was made the scapegoat for the late delivery of the Wyvern and headed into retirement in March 1952.
<Alley_Award>	The Alley Award was an American annual series of comic book fan awards, first presented in 1962 for comics published in 1961. Officially organized under the aegis of the Academy of Comic Book Arts and Sciences, the award shared close ties with the fanzine Alter Ego magazine. The Alley is the first known comic book fan award.The Alley Awards were tallied for comic books produced during the previous year. The Alley statuette — a likeness of the comic strip character Alley Oop — was initially sculpted by Academy member Ron Foss out of redwood, from which "plaster duplications" were made to be handed out to the various winners.The Alley Award traces its origin to "a letter to Jerry dated October 25, 1961" by Roy Thomas, in which he suggested that Jerry Bails' fanzine Alter-Ego, which had debuted in March 1961, create an award for fandom's "favorite comic books in a number of categories".
<Tom_Heaton>	Thomas David Heaton (born 15 April 1986) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Premier League club Manchester United. Heaton began his career in the Manchester United academy but was unable to break into the first team and spent time on loan with Swindon Town, Royal Antwerp, Cardiff City, Queens Park Rangers, Rochdale and Wycombe Wanderers, before joining Cardiff permanently after his release by Manchester United in July 2010. He then joined Bristol City on a one-year deal with an option of a second year but turned it down in May 2013 in favour of a move to Burnley, where he remained for six years before joining Aston Villa in 2019. After two years with Aston Villa, he returned to Manchester United in July 2021.
<Command_&_Conquer>	Command & Conquer (C&C) is a real-time strategy (RTS) video game franchise, first developed by Westwood Studios. The first game was one of the earliest of the RTS genre, itself based on Westwood Studios' influential strategy game Dune II and introducing trademarks followed in the rest of the series. This includes full-motion video cutscenes with an ensemble cast to progress the story, as opposed to digitally in-game rendered cutscenes. Westwood Studios was taken over by Electronic Arts in 1998 and closed down in 2003. The studio and some of its members were absorbed into EA Los Angeles, which continued development on the series.After Westwood Studios developed the critically acclaimed Dune II, Computer Gaming World reported in 1993 that the company would not use the Dune license for Westwood's next strategy game "mostly because the programmers are tired of sand". The magazine stated that it would have "new terrain and enemies", and that "the design team is serious about doing a multi-player version".Command & Conquer was released worldwide by Westwood in 1995. The plot is set sometime in the near future where the Earth becomes contaminated by a mysterious substance known as Tiberium. A global war ensues between the UN-formed Global Defense Initiative to contain it and the cult quasi-state revolutionary Brotherhood of Nod, led by the enigmatic Kane, which seeks to harness it. Highly successful, it was followed by Command & Conquer: Red Alert in 1996 which is set in an alternate universe where the Soviet Union wages war with the Allies. Developed as the prequel to the original, the Red Alert series was spun off into a separate, lighthearted and comic series, while the original game and its sequels became known as the "Tiberium" series, retaining its science fiction and serious tone. The first game is sometimes referred to as Tiberian Dawn as a result.
<Jon_Jerde>	Jonathan Adams Jerde, FAIA (January 22, 1940 – February 9, 2015) was an American architect based in Venice, Los Angeles, California, founder and chairman of The Jerde Partnership, a design architecture and urban planning firm specializing in the design of shopping malls that has created a number of commercial developments around the globe. Jerde became well known as an innovator in the design of malls and related spaces. His firm has grown into a multi-disciplinary firm with offices in Los Angeles, Orange County, California, Hong Kong, and Shanghai.Born in Alton, Illinois, Jerde was a graduate of the School of Architecture at the University of Southern California. After early years working at Charles Kober Associates on multiple retail projects, including Plaza Pasadena, Jerde was commissioned by developer Ernie Hahn to design the Horton Plaza shopping center in downtown San Diego. The project was a five-story outdoor retail complex,  with the main passage being diagonally oriented to the street grid and at the time anchored by Nordstrom, The Broadway, and J. W. Robinson's department stores; and connected to a Westin Hotel and the Balboa Theatre, resulting in an urban mixed-use center. It featured long one-way ramps and sudden drop-offs, parapets, shadowy colonnades and cul-de-sacs. Its design broke many traditional mall-design rules such as lowering ambient arousal levels and protecting the maximal lines-of-sight to merchandise. Its fragmented spaces were finished in a variety of bright colors.  The project was completed in 1985.
<Stanley_Mandelstam>	Stanley Mandelstam (/ˈmændəlstæm/; 12 December 1928 – 23 June 2016) was a South African theoretical physicist. He introduced the relativistically invariant Mandelstam variables into particle physics in 1958 as a convenient coordinate system for formulating his double dispersion relations. The double dispersion relations were a central tool in the bootstrap program which sought to formulate a consistent theory of infinitely many particle types of increasing spin.Mandelstam was born in Johannesburg, South Africa to a Jewish family.
<Horrible_Bosses>	Horrible Bosses is a 2011 American black comedy film directed by Seth Gordon, written by Michael Markowitz, John Francis Daley, and Jonathan Goldstein, from a story by Markowitz. It stars Jason Bateman, Charlie Day, Jason Sudeikis, Jennifer Aniston, Colin Farrell, Kevin Spacey, and Jamie Foxx. The plot follows three friends, played by Bateman, Day, and Sudeikis, who decide to murder their respective overbearing, abusive bosses, portrayed by Spacey, Aniston, and Farrell.Markowitz's script was bought by New Line Cinema in 2005 and the film spent six years in various states of pre-production, with a variety of actors attached to different roles. By 2010, Goldstein and Daley had rewritten the script, and the film finally went into production.The film premiered in Los Angeles on June 30, 2011, and was released on July 8, 2011. The film exceeded financial expectations, accruing over $28 million in the first three days, making it the number two film in the United States during its opening weekend. The film grossed over $209 million worldwide by the end of its theatrical run.
<Georgi_Pirinski,_Jr.>	Georgi Pirinski (Bulgarian: Георги Пирински) (born 10 September 1948) is a Bulgarian politician of the Bulgarian Communist Party and after 1990 of the Bulgarian Socialist Party (BSP). He was a member of seven National Parliaments (1994 – 1997) and was the Chairman of the National Assembly of Bulgaria from 2005 to 2009. Member of the European Parliament between 2014 and 2019.Born in New York City, U.S. in the emigrant family of Communist functionary Georgi Pirinski Sr., he has roots from Pirin Macedonia. His mother Pauline was born in New York City and was a member of the Young Communist League at the City College of New York. She was a professor of English at Sofia University. His father found refuge in the U.S. after he participated in the unsuccessful Communist uprising against the Bulgarian ruling monarchy in 1923 and was expelled from the U.S. as an undesirable alien in 1951. While a convinced communist, Pirinski did show some flashes of independent thinking, such as expressing disagreement in a private conversation with foreign visitors in 1970 at the decision of Bulgarian media to downplay the U.S. moonwalk the previous year. In the late 1970s, Pirinski was an aide to then Deputy Prime Minister Andrey Lukanov and then at the age of 31 became Bulgaria's youngest deputy minister (of foreign trade). He renounced his U.S. citizenship in 1974, but political opponents later argued that the renunciation was judicially null. Pirinski was considered the BSP's favorite for the 1996 presidential nomination until the Constitutional Court barred him from participating in the presidential elections for failing to satisfy a constitutional requirement that the president be a Bulgarian citizen by birth (he was a U.S. citizen by birth).A vice-premier during the Georgi Atanasov and Andrey Lukanov governments and a foreign minister during the Zhan Videnov government, Pirinski was the Chairman of the National Assembly of Bulgaria from 11 July 2005 to 25 June 2009.
<Cesar_Maia>	Cesar Epitácio Maia (born June 18, 1945) is a Brazilian politician, notable for having been elected three times for mayor of Rio de Janeiro.A native of Rio, born in 1945, Maia was forced to leave Brazil in exile during the 1960s on account of his affiliation with the Brazilian Communist Party. Exiled in Chile, he obtained a degree in economics, but the 1973 coup in the country saw him return to his native land. After becoming Professor of Macroeconomics at the Fluminense Federal University in the neighbouring city of Niterói, Maia became active in the Democratic Labour Party (PDT), founded by Leonel Brizola. Maia supported Brizola's campaign to become Governor of Rio de Janeiro state in 1983, as Brazil was emerging from the military-led regime towards full democracy, and was subsequently appointed Treasury Secretary for the state.A trusted personal adviser to Brizola, who was instrumental in uncovering and denouncing the allegedly electoral fraud that threatened Brizola's gubernatorial election in 1982, the so-called Proconsult scheme, Maia was to be elected to the national Chamber of Deputies in 1986, and saw re-election in 1990. Meanwhile, having achieved personal political prominence in the late 1980s, Maia broke with Brizola and the PDT, affiliating with the Party of the Brazilian Democratic Movement (PMDB) in 1991, being elected mayor of the city of Rio de Janeiro for the first time in 1992, defeating the Workers' Party candidate, Afro-Brazilian Benedita da Silva in a run-off election, in a campaign that was regarded by some as being driven by racist ideology. Maia subsequently left the PMDB and joined the Liberal Front Party (PFL).
<Thomas_Dwight_(politician)>	Thomas Dwight (October 29, 1758 – January 2, 1819) was a United States representative from Massachusetts.Thomas Dwight was born in Springfield in the Province of Massachusetts Bay on October 29, 1758.
<Sam_Yorty>	Samuel William Yorty (October 1, 1909 – June 5, 1998) was an American radio host, attorney, and politician from Los Angeles, California. He served as a member of the United States House of Representatives and the California State Assembly, but he is most remembered for his turbulent three terms as the 37th Mayor of Los Angeles from 1961 to 1973. Though Yorty spent almost all of his political career as a Democrat, he became a Republican in 1980.Sam Yorty was born and raised in Lincoln, Nebraska, the son of Frank Patrick and Johanna (Egan) Yorty. He began his political education as the son of a Democratic father in a Republican state, with a mother who also showed a strong interest in politics. The family moved to Southern California when Yorty completed high school. He retained his Midwestern inflection and was known for pronouncing the city's name as /lɒs ˈæŋɡəliːz/ los-ANG-gə-leez (with a hard "G").Yorty enrolled at Southwestern University and later the University of California at Los Angeles, working for a time at the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power. He was admitted to the bar in 1939.
<Miss_Elizabeth>	Elizabeth Ann Hulette (November 19, 1960 – May 1, 2003), best known in professional wrestling circles as Miss Elizabeth, was an American professional wrestling manager, occasional professional wrestler and professional wrestling TV announcer. She gained international fame from 1985 to 1992 in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF, now WWE) and from 1996 to 2000 in World Championship Wrestling (WCW), in her role as the manager to wrestler "Macho Man" Randy Savage, as well as other wrestlers of that period. She died as a result of an acute toxicity on May 1, 2003, in the home she shared with wrestler Lex Luger.Hulette was born in Frankfort, Kentucky.  She graduated from the University of Kentucky with a degree in communications.
<Leroy_P._Steele_Prize>	The Leroy P. Steele Prizes are awarded every year by the American Mathematical Society, for distinguished research work and writing in the field of mathematics. Since 1993, there has been a formal division into three categories.The prizes have been given since 1970, from a bequest of Leroy P. Steele, and were set up in honor of George David Birkhoff, William Fogg Osgood and William Caspar Graustein. The way the prizes are awarded was changed in 1976 and 1993, but the initial aim of honoring expository writing as well as research has been retained. The prizes of $5,000 are not given on a strict national basis, but relate to mathematical activity in the USA, and writing in English (originally, or in translation).
<Nicole_Mitchell_Murphy>	Other reasons this message may be displayed:
<Les_Poneys_sauvages>	Les Poneys sauvages ("the wild ponies") is a 1970 novel by the French writer Michel Déon. It tells the story of five friends who studied together at an English university, and how their friendship and loyalty keep them together during World War II and the Cold War, as they spread over Europe and to varying degrees engage in poetry, espionage, travels and unpredictable behaviour. The narration alternates between a first-person perspective and that of an epistolary novel.The novel received the Prix Interallié. It was adapted into a 1983 television series with the same title, directed by Robert Mazoyer, which ran in five episodes, starring Jacques Weber.
<Trabzonspor>	Trabzonspor Kulübü is a Turkish sports club located in the city of Trabzon. Formed in 1967 through a merger of several local clubs, the men's football team has won seven Süper Lig championships. Trabzonspor also have a women's football team, and used to have a men's basketball team.Trabzonspor are one of the most decorated clubs in Turkey. They have won seven Süper Lig titles and were the first non  Istanbul-based club to win the league. They also have won nine Federation Cup (Turkish Cup) titles. The club won their first championship title in 1975–76, and won three championship titles in a row in the 1978–79, 1979–80 and 1980–81. They would add one more title in 1983-84 before embarking on a 38 year championship drought. This drought eventually came to an end after they secured the championship in 2021-22.The club colours are claret and sky blue, reflected in the shirt colours that see various striped iterations of the colours. Trabzonspor play at the Şenol Güneş Sports Complex which replaced the Hüseyin Avni Aker Stadium as their home ground during the 2016–17 season.
<Mercedes-Benz_S-Class_(W222)>	The Mercedes-Benz W222 is the sixth generation of the S-Class produced from 2013 to 2020, the successor of the W221 S-Class and the predecessor of the W223 S-Class. The W222 was designed during 2009. The original design proposal of the car was created by Il-hun Yoon, a Korean designer, who was inspired by the Mercedes-Benz F700 concept car. The exterior design was developed by a team of designers under the direction of Robert Lešnik. W222 has a similar design theme to the C-Class (W205) and  E-Class (W213).In Europe, sales of the S 400 Hybrid, S 350 BlueTEC, S 350 BlueTEC Hybrid, and S 500 began in September 2013. US sales of the S 550 also began in September; the 4Matic four-wheel drive model went on sale in November, 2013. Additional models, including V12 models and those from AMG were released in 2014.
<Andrew_Levitas>	Andrew Levitas (born September 4, 1977) is an American painter, sculptor, filmmaker, writer, producer, photographer, restaurateur, and actor.Levitas was born in New York City. He attended Horace Mann School and then Dalton School in Manhattan. After graduating from the Dalton School, he attended New York University. He graduated in 2000 with a degree from the Gallatin School of NYU.  He is Jewish.In addition to a growing list of American and international gallery exhibitions, Levitas’ work has garnered attention through top auction houses, museums, and art fairs. 2012 highlights include a solo exhibition Metalwork Photograph: Sculptures at Phillips de Pury in Manhattan, as well as a ten-year retrospective Andrew Levitas: A Brief Survey 2002–2012 at New York University. 2014 highlights include the first solo exhibition ever presented at the highly anticipated Phillips, Berkeley square which included examples of  Levitas's earlier two-dimensional artwork in which he successfully fused metalwork and photography, as well as examples of the artist's more recent works depicting crumpled sheets and three-dimensional freestanding installations, all made in his distinctive and innovative style.
<Paul_Pascoe>	Arnold Paul Pascoe (26 September 1908 – 11 September 1976) was a New Zealand architect. He was born in Christchurch, New Zealand in 1908; John was his twin brother. He designed airport terminal buildings for Christchurch International Airport (late 1950s), Wellington International Airport (late 1960s), and Rarotonga International Airport (early 1970s).He commenced architectural training and worked under Cecil Wood. In England, he worked for Brian O'Rorke and the Tecton Group. After returning to Christchurch, he went into partnership with Wood for just over a year but worked on his own from 1938. In 1945, he was joined by Humphrey Hall, and over the next ten years, Pascoe & Hall designed hundreds of domestic and commercial buildings and became one of New Zealand's most prominent practices. Shortly after leaving the partnership in 1955, Pascoe won the commission to design the new terminal building for Christchurch Airport.
<Bradford_City_Hall>	Bradford City Hall is a 19th-century town hall in Centenary Square, Bradford, West Yorkshire, England. It is a Grade I listed building which has a distinctive clock tower.Before its relocation, between 1847 and 1873, the town hall had been the Fire Station House in Swain Street. In 1869, a new triangular site was purchased, and a competition held for a design to rival the town halls of Leeds and Halifax. The local firm of Lockwood and Mawson was chosen over the other 31 entries. It was built by John Ives & Son of Shipley and took three years to build at a cost of £100,000. It was opened by Matthew Thompson, the mayor, on 9 September 1873.
<Harry_Hamlin>	Harry Robinson Hamlin (born October 30, 1951) is an American actor, author, and entrepreneur. He is best known for his roles as Perseus in the 1981 fantasy film Clash of the Titans and as Michael Kuzak in the legal drama series L.A. Law, for which he received three Golden Globe nominations. For his recurring role as Jim Cutler on the AMC drama series Mad Men, Hamlin received a Primetime Emmy nomination for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series.Hamlin was born October 30, 1951, in Pasadena, California, the son of Bernice (née Robinson), a socialite, and Chauncey Jerome Hamlin, Jr., an aeronautical engineer. As a teenager, he attended Flintridge Preparatory School, near Pasadena, and The Hill School, a private boarding school in Pottstown, Pennsylvania, where he played soccer and lacrosse and acted in the school's musicals and plays. He also attended classes at the Pacific Conservatory of the Performing Arts. Hamlin attended University of California, Berkeley, and is an alumnus of the Theta Zeta chapter of the national fraternity Delta Kappa Epsilon, of which he was president in 1972.
<I._M._Pei>	Ieoh Ming Pei FAIA RIBA (/joʊ.mɪŋ.ˈpeɪ/ yoh-ming-PAY; Chinese: 貝聿銘; April 26, 1917 – May 16, 2019) was a Chinese-American architect. Raised in Shanghai, Pei drew inspiration at an early age from the garden villas at Suzhou, the traditional retreat of the scholar-gentry to which his family belonged. In 1935, he moved to the United States and enrolled in the University of Pennsylvania's architecture school, but he quickly transferred to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He was unhappy with the focus at both schools on Beaux-Arts architecture, and spent his free time researching emerging architects, especially Le Corbusier. After graduating, he joined the Harvard Graduate School of Design (GSD) and became a friend of the Bauhaus architects Walter Gropius and Marcel Breuer. In 1948, Pei was recruited by New York City real estate magnate William Zeckendorf, for whom he worked for seven years before establishing an independent design firm in 1955, I. M. Pei & Associates. In 1966 that became I. M. Pei & Partners, and in 1989 became Pei Cobb Freed & Partners. Pei retired from full-time practice in 1990. In his retirement, he worked as an architectural consultant primarily from his sons' architectural firm Pei Partnership Architects.Pei's first major recognition came with the Mesa Laboratory at the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Colorado (designed in 1961, and completed in 1967). His new stature led to his selection as chief architect for the John F. Kennedy Library in Massachusetts. He went on to design Dallas City Hall and the East Building of the National Gallery of Art. He returned to China for the first time in 1975 to design a hotel at Fragrant Hills, and designed Bank of China Tower, Hong Kong, a skyscraper in Hong Kong for the Bank of China fifteen years later. In the early 1980s, Pei was the focus of controversy when he designed a glass-and-steel pyramid for the Louvre in Paris. He later returned to the world of the arts by designing the Morton H. Meyerson Symphony Center in Dallas, the Miho Museum in Japan, Shigaraki, near Kyoto, and the chapel of the junior and high school: MIHO Institute of Aesthetics, the Suzhou Museum in Suzhou, Museum of Islamic Art in Qatar, and the Grand Duke Jean Museum of Modern Art, abbreviated to Mudam, in Luxembourg.
<Paul_Holmes_(politician)>	Paul Holmes may refer to:
<Judy_O'Bannon>	Judith "Judy" O'Bannon Willsey (born April 30, 1935) is the former First Lady of the State of Indiana, serving in that role from January 13, 1997, to September 13, 2003, during the administration of her husband Governor Frank O'Bannon. She has been a leader in community development and historic preservation throughout much of her life, including having helped launch and then serving as chair of the Indiana Main Street program, and serving on the boards of the Indiana Landmarks foundation, the Indiana State Museum and the National Trust for Historic Preservation. She is also an Emmy-winning host and producer of the WFYI-TV public television series Communities Building Community and Judy O'Bannon's Foreign Exchange as well as several one-time specials, and as the chair of O'Bannon Publishing Company, published two weekly newspapers, including the award-winning The Corydon Democrat.Born Judith Asmus in Downers Grove, Illinois, her family moved to Indianapolis while she was a child. O'Bannon is a graduate of Shortridge High School in Indianapolis. She graduated Phi Beta Kappa with a bachelor's degree in social work from Indiana University. She was selected as a Rockefeller Theological Scholar and was the first woman to attend the Louisville Presbyterian Theological Seminary.   Frank and Judy O'Bannon met on a blind date while both were at Indiana University. They were married on August 18, 1957, until his death on September 13, 2003. They have three children. On November 29, 2013, Judy married attorney Donald Willsey.O'Bannon served as First Lady of the State of Indiana from January 13, 1997 until September 13, 2003. As First Lady, she led initiatives that were an outgrowth from her life-long advocacy and work in community development, historic preservation, education and the arts. During her husband's first term, O'Bannon launched the Hoosier Millennium: Communities Building Community initiative to encourage citizens across the state to use the upcoming calendar change of a new millennium as an opportunity to strengthen Indiana communities, asking "Who we are? Where have we come from? and What do we want to be in the future?." O'Bannon delivered Hoosier Millennium toolboxes to communities and organizations throughout the state, traveling in a motor home wrapped in the initiative's logo, with space around the bottom for individuals to sign their names at each stop. Cities, towns and organizations throughout the state launched community programs as part of the Hoosier Millennium initiative, ranging from downtown revitalization to presentations of Hoosier heritage like the "Ages of Agriculture" production at Purdue University. and the Indiana Department of Transportation's Hoosier Roadside Heritage Program featuring wildflowers and native plants along the state's highways. With broad participation by communities throughout the state, in 2001 the initiative was renamed Indiana 2016 and encouraged Hoosiers to set goals for "Where they want to be in 2016" when the state would celebrate its bicentennial.
<Faraday_Medal>	The Faraday Medal is a top international medal awarded by the UK Institution of Engineering and Technology (IET) (previously called the Institution of Electrical Engineers (IEE)). It is part of the IET Achievement Medals collection of awards. The medal is named after the famous Michael Faraday FRS, the father of electromagnetism. Faraday is widely recognized as a top scientist, engineer, chemist, and inventor. His electromagnetic induction principles have been widely used in electric motors and generators today.The Faraday medal is the IET's highest honour and one of the world's most prestigious awards for engineers and scientists. Winners include ground-breaking pioneers and inventors. First awarded in 1922, it is one of the oldest medals still being awarded today. The top medal is awarded annually to distinguished individuals who either for notable scientific or industrial achievement in engineering or for conspicuous service rendered to the advancement of science, engineering and technology, without restriction as regards to nationality, country of residence or membership of the Institution. The award was established in 1922 to commemorate the 50th Anniversary of the first Ordinary Meeting of the Society of Telegraph Engineers and is named after Michael Faraday. Each year, the recipient received his/her award at a ceremony held in London that is hosted by the IET.
<Juan_M._Arellano>	Juan Marcos Arellano y de Guzmán (April 25, 1888 – December 5, 1960), or Juan M. Arellano, was a Filipino architect, best known for Manila's Metropolitan Theater (1935), Legislative Building (1926; now houses the National Museum of Fine Arts), the Manila Central Post Office Building (1926), the Rizal Memorial Sports Complex (1934), the Central Student Church (today known as the Central United Methodist Church, 1932), the old Jaro Municipal Hall (1934) and the Old Iloilo City Hall (1935) in Iloilo, the Negros Occidental Provincial Capitol (1936), the Cebu Provincial Capitol (1937), the Bank of the Philippine Islands Cebu Main Branch (1940), Misamis Occidental Provincial Capitol Building (1935), Cotabato Municipal Hall (1940) and the Jones Bridge during the pre-war era.Juan M. Arellano was born on April 25, 1888 in Tondo, Manila, Philippines to Luis C. Arellano and Bartola de Guzmán. Arellano married Natividad Ocampo on May 15, 1915. He had eight children, Oscar, Juanita, Cesar, Salvador, Juan Marcos, Luis, Gloria and Carlos.He attended the Ateneo Municipal de Manila and graduated in 1908. His first passion was painting and he trained under Lorenzo Guerrero, Toribio Antillon, and Fabian de la Rosa. However, he pursued architecture and was sent to the United States as one of the first pensionados in architecture, after Carlos Barreto, who was sent to the Drexel Institute in 1908; Antonio Toledo, who went to Ohio State; and Tomás Mapúa, who went to Cornell.
<Sal_Buscema>	Sal Buscema (/bjuːˈsɛmə/; Italian: [buʃˈʃɛːma]; born Silvio Buscema, January 26, 1936) is an American comics artist, primarily for Marvel Comics, where he enjoyed a ten-year run as artist of The Incredible Hulk and an eight-year run as artist of The Spectacular Spider-Man. He is the younger brother of comics artist John Buscema.Born in Brooklyn, New York City, to Sicilian parents, Sal Buscema was the youngest of four siblings. His elder brothers Alfred and John, a celebrated comic-book artist, and his sister Carol predeceased him. Their father, who was born in Italy and died in 1973, was a barber.
<Willard_Gibbs_Award>	The Willard Gibbs Award, presented by the Chicago Section of the American Chemical Society, was established in 1910 by William A. Converse (1862–1940), a former Chairman and Secretary of the Chicago Section of the society and named for Professor Josiah Willard Gibbs (1839–1903) of Yale University.  Gibbs, whose formulation of the Phase Rule founded a new science, is considered by many to be the only American-born scientist whose discoveries are as fundamental in nature as those of Newton and Galileo.The purpose of the award is "To publicly recognize eminent chemists who, through years of application and devotion, have brought to the world developments that enable everyone to live more comfortably and to understand this world better."   Medalists are selected by a national jury of eminent chemists from different disciplines.   The nominee must be a chemist who, because of the preeminence of their work in and contribution to pure or applied chemistry, is deemed worthy of special recognition.The award consists of an eighteen-carat gold medal having, on one side, the bust of J. Willard Gibbs, for whom the medal was named.   On the reverse is a laurel wreath and an inscription containing the recipient's name.
<Toronto_FC>	Toronto Football Club (commonly known as Toronto FC or TFC) is a Canadian professional soccer club based in Toronto. The club competes in Major League Soccer (MLS) as a member of the Eastern Conference. The team plays its home matches at BMO Field, located at Exhibition Place on Toronto's shoreline west of Downtown Toronto. Toronto FC joined MLS in 2007 as an expansion team and was the first Canadian-based franchise in the league.The first team is operated by Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment (MLSE), which also operates the MLS Next Pro affiliate team Toronto FC II and most other professional sports franchises in the city, like the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League (NHL), Toronto Raptors of the National Basketball Association (NBA) and the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
<Triple_Door_(novel)>	Triple Door (simplified Chinese: 三重门; traditional Chinese: 三重門; pinyin: Sānchóng mén) is the first novel by Chinese writer Han Han. The novel sold more than two million copies, making it one of "China’s best-selling novels of the past two decades" according to Evan Osnos in 2011.Lin Yuxiang attends the third year of middle school in a city near Shanghai, and a literary circle linked to the school. The preparation of the teacher Ma Debao, an old acquaintance of Yuxiang's father, is decidedly inadequate, and his didactically inconclusive lessons cause the abandonment of several members.To try to revive the attention, Ma Debao organizes a trip to the ancient city of Zhouzhuang; students are divided into groups, Lin Yuxiang joins his friend Luo Tiancheng and class representative Shen Xi'er. While visiting the tourist area of the city, crossed by canals and bridges, Shen Xi'er recognizes her friend, the beautiful Susan who has a foreign name because she lived in Canada. The girl immediately unleashes the competitiveness between the two males, although until now both have declared themselves disinterested in females.
<Wimbledon_F.C.>	Wimbledon Football Club was an English football club formed in Wimbledon, south-west London, in 1889 and based at Plough Lane  from 1912 to 1991. Founded as Wimbledon Old Centrals, the club were a non-League team for most of their history. Nicknamed "the Dons" and latterly also "the Wombles", they won eight Isthmian League titles, the FA Amateur Cup in 1963 and three successive Southern League championships between 1975 and 1977, and were then elected to the Football League. The team rose quickly from obscurity during the 1980s and were promoted to the then top-flight First Division in 1986, just four seasons after being in the Fourth Division.Wimbledon's "Crazy Gang"—so-called because of the boisterous, eccentric behaviour of the players—won the FA Cup in 1988, beating that season's League champions Liverpool, and thereby became one of only three clubs to have won both the FA Cup and its amateur counterpart. In 1991, following the publication of the Taylor Report recommending all-seater grounds for top-flight clubs, Wimbledon left Plough Lane to groundshare with nearby Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park—an originally temporary arrangement that ended up lasting over a decade. The team remained in the First Division and its successor the FA Premier League until they were relegated in 2000.
<Racine_Legion>	The Racine Legion was a professional American football team based in Racine, Wisconsin, of the National Football League from 1922 to 1924. Its official name was the Horlick-Racine Legion. The team then operated as the Racine Tornadoes in 1926.In 1915, the Racine Regulars formed Wisconsin's first important semi-professional team. They primarily played against teams from Illinois and Indiana. The team became known as the Racine Battery C in 1916 after many of the players joined the First Wisconsin Reserve Artillery Battery C.Because of World War I and the Spanish flu pandemic of 1918 the team took a break. It was reorganized in 1919 with sponsorship from the local American Legion post and William Horlick, president of his family's malted milk company. The reorganized team was known as the Horlick-Racine Legion.
<David_Holt_(American_actor)>	David Jack Holt (August 14, 1927 – November 15, 2003) was an American actor initially groomed at the age of seven to be the male Shirley Temple. After several supporting roles as a juvenile actor in films during the 1930s–1940s, he experienced family stress and left acting by the time he was 25. He subsequently had success as a songwriter, before his death in 2003 at the age of 76.Holt was born on August 14, 1927 in Jacksonville, Florida.  Four years later, his sister Betty was born, who also became an actor.  At a young age, Holt's dancing skills so impressed the actor and wit Will Rogers that Rogers purportedly told Holt's mother that if ever they were in Hollywood they should contact him and he would get young David into pictures. Relying on this understanding, Holt's father promptly quit his job with Ford Motors. Intent on holding Rogers to his promise, the Holt family drove to California.  Despite their best efforts, Rogers refused even to see them.With no income, Holt's father worked as a casual laborer. Holt's mother took Holt to auditions, sometimes sharing transport with Shirley Temple and her mother.  Initially, Holt found it difficult to get acting jobs.  He did, however, get a job as "body double" for Cheeta's chimpanzee predecessor in the 1933 film Tarzan the Fearless and had a small role in the 1933 Our Gang (Little Rascals) comedy Forgotten Babies.
<Chan_Koonchung>	Chan Koonchung (born 1952) is a Chinese science-fiction writer who has previously lived in Hong Kong, Taiwan, and the United States. He currently lives in Beijing. Chan also holds Canadian citizenship. He is the founder of Green Power (綠色力量), Green Garden Organic Farm (綠田園有機農場) and the Hong Kong Film Directors Association (香港電影導演會) among other organizations, and is currently on the international board of directors of Greenpeace. Previously, he worked as a reporter for the Hong Kong tabloid, The Star. In 1976 he co-founded City Magazine (號外) with Qiu Shiwen and Deng Xiaoyu and Hu Junyi. In the 1990s he worked as an overseas publisher for the mainland literary journal Dushu (读书）, published by the China Publishing Group (中国出版集团) and SDX Joint Publishing Company (生活读书新知三联书店). In 1991 he played the role of Professor Liu Yuebai in Yan Hao and Xu Ke's adaptation of Ah Cheng's 1984 novel, The Chess Master. His dystopian novel The Fat Years (2009) was published in English by Doubleday in 2011.In his book, The Unbearable Dreamworld of Champa the Driver (2014), the Tibetan driver and lover of a Chinese businesswoman falls in love with her daughter.It is a satirical metaphor of the unbalanced relations between China and Tibet.Koonchung was born in 1952 in Shanghai, China. Koonchung earned his BA from the University of Hong Kong and completed graduate study at Boston University.
<Pittsfield,_Massachusetts>	Pittsfield is the largest city and the county seat of Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States. It is the principal city of the Pittsfield, Massachusetts Metropolitan Statistical Area which encompasses all of Berkshire County. Pittsfield’s population was 43,927 at the 2020 census. Although its population has declined in recent decades, Pittsfield remains the third-largest municipality in Western Massachusetts, behind only Springfield and Chicopee.In 2017, the Arts Vibrancy Index compiled by the National Center for Arts Research ranked Pittsfield and Berkshire County as the number-one, medium-sized community in the nation for the arts.
<Tokyo>	Tokyo (/ˈtoʊkioʊ/; Japanese: 東京, Tōkyō, [toːkʲoː] (listen)), officially the Tokyo Metropolis (東京都, Tōkyō-to), is the capital and largest city of Japan. Formerly known as Edo, its metropolitan area (13,452 square kilometers or 5,194 square miles) is the most populous in the world, with an estimated 37.468 million residents as of 2018[update]; the city proper has a population of 13.99 million people. Located at the head of Tokyo Bay, the prefecture forms part of the Kantō region on the central coast of Honshu, Japan's largest island. Tokyo serves as Japan's economic center and is the seat of both the Japanese government and the Emperor of Japan.Originally a fishing village named Edo, the city became politically prominent in 1603, when it became the seat of the Tokugawa shogunate. By the mid-18th century, Edo was one of the most populous cities in the world with a population of over one million people. Following the Meiji Restoration of 1868, the imperial capital in Kyoto was moved to Edo, which was renamed "Tokyo" (lit. 'Eastern Capital'). Tokyo was devastated by the 1923 Great Kantō earthquake, and again by Allied bombing raids during World War II. Beginning in the 1950s, the city underwent rapid reconstruction and expansion efforts, going on to lead the Japanese economic miracle. Since 1943, the Tokyo Metropolitan Government has administered the prefecture's 23 special wards (formerly Tokyo City), various commuter towns and suburbs in its western area, and two outlying island chains known as the Tokyo Islands.
<Dan_Gilroy>	Daniel Christopher Gilroy (born June 24, 1959) is an American screenwriter and film director. He is best known for writing and directing Nightcrawler (2014), for which he won Best Screenplay at the 30th Independent Spirit Awards, and was nominated for Best Original Screenplay at the 87th Academy Awards. His other screenwriting credits include Freejack (1992), Two for the Money (2005), The Fall (2006), Real Steel (2011), and The Bourne Legacy (2012)—the last in collaboration with his brother Tony Gilroy. His wife, Rene Russo, has also been his frequent collaborator since the two met in 1992 and married later that year.Dan Gilroy was born on June 24, 1959, in Santa Monica, California. He is the son of Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright Frank D. Gilroy (1925–2015), and sculptor and writer Ruth Dorothy Gaydos. His brother, Tony Gilroy, is a screenwriter and director, and his fraternal twin brother, John Gilroy, is a film editor. Dan Gilroy remembered that as a boy, seeing his father work and write at home full-time simplified the intricacies of becoming a writer.
<Mazeppa_(Byron)>	Mazeppa is a narrative poem written by the English Romantic poet Lord Byron in 1819. It is based on a popular legend about the early life of Ivan Mazepa (1639–1709), who later became Hetman (military leader) of Ukraine. Byron's poem was immediately translated into French, where it inspired a series of works in various art forms. The cultural legacy of Mazeppa was revitalised with the independence of Ukraine in 1991.According to the poem, the young Mazeppa has a love affair with a Polish Countess, Theresa, while serving as a page at the Court of King John II Casimir Vasa. Countess Theresa was married to a much older Count. On discovering the affair, the Count punishes Mazeppa by tying him naked to a wild horse and setting the horse loose. The bulk of the poem describes the traumatic journey of the hero strapped to the horse. The poem has been praised for its "vigor of style and its sharp realization of the feelings of suffering and endurance".
<Mireille_Enos>	Mireille Enos (/mɪəˈreɪ ˈiːnəs/; born September 22, 1975) is an American actress. Drawn to acting from a young age, she graduated in performing arts from Brigham Young University, where she was awarded the Irene Ryan Acting Scholarship. Having made her acting debut in the 1994 television film Without Consent, she has since received nominations for a Tony Award, a Golden Globe Award, and an Emmy Award.Early in her career, Enos appeared variously as a guest star on such television shows as Sex and the City and The Education of Max Bickford among others. She made her feature film debut with a minor part in the 2001 romantic comedy Someone Like You, but garnered wider attention for her role as Honey in the 2005 Broadway production of Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?. Her performance in the latter earned her a nomination for Best Featured Actress at the Tony Awards. She again ventured into television roles and landed the role of twins Kathy and JoDean Marquart in the HBO drama series Big Love.
<Nancy_Benoit>	Nancy Elizabeth Benoit (formerly Daus, Sullivan, née Toffoloni; May 17, 1964 – June 22, 2007) was an American professional wrestling manager and model. She was best known for her appearances with Extreme Championship Wrestling and World Championship Wrestling in the mid-1990s under the ring name Woman.In 2007, Benoit and her son Daniel were victims of a murder-suicide committed by her husband Chris.
<John_Ashley_(actor)>	John Ashley (December 25, 1934 – October 3, 1997) was an American actor, producer and singer. He was best known for his work as an actor in films for American International Pictures, producing and acting in horror films shot in the Philippines, and for producing various television series, including The A-Team.Ashley never knew his unmarried parents who gave him up for adoption. He was adopted by a doctor, Roger Atchley and his wife Lucille, and reared in Tulsa, Oklahoma, where he had a younger sister, Kathryn.He attended Will Rogers High School in Tulsa, where he was a champion wrestler, then went to Oklahoma State University in Stillwater on a wrestling scholarship, where he earned a bachelor's degree in economics.
<Cumandá_(novel)>	Cumandá o Un drama entre salvajes (English: Cumanda or A Drama Between Savages) is a classic Ecuadorian novel by Juan León Mera. The novel was written in 1877.Juan León Mera sent the novel from Ambato, Ecuador to the Director of the Royal Spanish Academy on March 10, 1877. He wanted the novel to be presented to the Academy as a show of gratitude for recently being appointed a member. In the letter he pointed out that although writers such as François-René de Chateaubriand and James Fenimore Cooper had already written novels about savages in America, his was very different because it took place in the jungles of the Amazon whose natives had very different customs from those of North America, and of whom very little had been written about thus far.Cumanda was translated in 2007 by Noé O. Vaca as Cumanda: The Novel of the Ecuadorian Jungle.
<John_M._Palmer_(politician)>	John McAuley Palmer (September 13, 1817 – September 25, 1900) was an Illinois resident, an American Civil War general who fought for the Union, the 15th governor of Illinois, and presidential candidate of the National Democratic Party in the 1896 election on a platform to defend the gold standard, free trade, and limited government.Palmer switched political parties throughout his life, starting out a Democrat. He became in turn an anti-Nebraska Democrat (against state sovereignty on slavery), a Republican, a Liberal Republican, returned to being a Democrat, then ended as a Bourbon Democrat. He said, "I had my own views. I was not a slave of any party," and added, "I thought for myself and [have] spoken my own words on all occasions."
<Farrington_of_the_F.O.>	Farrington of the F.O. is a British television comedy series by Dick Sharples about the staff of the British Consulate in "one of the armpits of Latin America". It was produced by Yorkshire Television and broadcast from 1986 to 1987. Its second, and final, series was simply called Farrington.Harriet Farrington arrives to take charge at a small, unimportant British Consulate.  She is horrified to find out how indolent and scheming her staff are, and - with more than a hint of Margaret Thatcher about her mannerisms - sets out to turn the Consulate around.
<Balcarres_House>	Balcarres House lies 1km north of the village of Colinsburgh, in the East Neuk of Fife, in eastern Scotland.  It is centred on a mansion built in 1595 by John Lindsay (1552–1598), second son of David, 9th Earl of Crawford. The house became the family seat of the Earl of Crawford. The present house is the result of substantial extensions in the early nineteenth century, using part of a fortune made in India, but preserves much of the original mansion.Balcarres House is protected as a category A listed building, and the grounds are included on the Inventory of Gardens and Designed Landscapes in Scotland, the national listing of significant gardens.
<Geoff_Ramsey>	Geoffrey Lazer Ramsey (born Geoffrey Paul Wright, later Geoffrey Paul Fink on June 19, 1975) is an American voice actor, film producer and internet personality. He co-founded the production company Rooster Teeth and is known for voicing Dexter Grif in the web series Red vs. Blue. He also co-founded Achievement Hunter, a gaming division of Rooster Teeth.Ramsey was born and grew up primarily in the Mobile, Alabama area, where he attended elementary and high school, but also lived in Pensacola and Jacksonville, Florida, and the outlying areas of New Orleans. He was a semi-pro bowler in his teenage years, and enlisted into the United States Army before graduating high school, beginning basic training at Fort Jackson in South Carolina shortly afterwards. His service lasted from 1993 to 1998, though he went on to serve as a photojournalist in Kuwait; he was based at Fort Hood during that time. He studied journalism at Fort Benjamin Harrison.After his military service, Ramsey worked as a roadie for the band Catch 22 and as a production assistant for View Askew Productions. Ramsey then secured a job at the tech support company teleNetwork, where he met Burnie Burns and Gus Sorola. Prior to working for Rooster Teeth, he also co-created the web site drunkgamers.com with Sorola, hiring Burns shortly afterwards to run the site.
<Linda_Purl>	Linda Purl (born September 2, 1955) is an American actress and singer, known for her roles as Ashley Pfister (Fonzie's girlfriend) on Happy Days (she originally played Gloria as Richie’s date in season 2 episode 6), Sheila Munroe in the 1982 horror film Visiting Hours, Pam Beesly's mother Helene in The Office, and Ben Matlock's daughter Charlene Matlock for the first season of the television series Matlock.Purl was born on September 2, 1955 in Greenwich, Connecticut, to chemical-industry executive Raymond Charles Arthur Purl and Marshelline "Marshie" Purl. She has a sister, Mara. The girls' grandmother, Beatrice Saville, was a founder of the Actors' Equity Association. At age five, Purl moved with her family to Japan, where her father worked for Nippon Unicar. She spent her childhood there, and trained in acting at the Toho Geino Academy. While at the Imperial Theatre in Tokyo, Purl performed in several plays, gaining the role of Louis in The King and I, Bet in Oliver!, and Helen Keller in The Miracle Worker. Furthermore, she was discovered by Toho and appeared in several films.At age 15, Purl returned to the United States. She attended high school at Wykeham Rise School, a private boarding school for girls, specializing in creative and performing arts, in Washington, Connecticut. While still in high school, she had a role on the soap opera The Secret Storm. After attending Finch College,[citation needed] Purl went to England to study under Marguerite Beale[citation needed] before returning to the United States to study at the Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute and later with Robert Lewis.[citation needed]
<Hermann_Carl_Vogel>	Hermann Carl Vogel (/ˈfoʊɡəl/; German: [ˈfoːɡl̩]; 3 April 1841 – 13 August 1907) was a German astrophysicist. He was born in Leipzig, Kingdom of Saxony. From 1882 to 1907 he was director of the Astrophysical Observatory, Potsdam. He made extensive discoveries using spectral analysis of the stars.Vogel was born in 1841 in Leipzig. His father was director of the united Bürgerschulen and founder of the Realschule in Leipzig. His siblings included Eduard Vogel (1829–1856), Africa explorer and astronomer; Elise Polko (1823–1899), poet and singer and Julie Dohmke (1827–1913), writer, publisher, translator. In 1862, Vogel began his studies at the Polytechnikum in Dresden and in 1863 went to University of Leipzig. In Leipzig he was assistant to Karl Christian Bruhns and took part in measurements of double stars carried out by Friedrich Wilhelm Rudolf Engelmann.
<Brent_Anderson>	Brent Anderson may refer to:
<Ambrose_McGuirk>	Ambrose McGuirk was the first owner of the Milwaukee Badgers of the National Football League. He is best known for being ordered to sell the Badgers for his role in the 1925 Chicago Cardinals-Milwaukee Badgers scandal, in which four Chicago-area high school football players were employed by the Badgers for one game, a 59-0 loss against the Chicago Cardinals. When the scandal was discovered by NFL president Joe Carr, McGuirk was ordered to sell his Milwaukee franchise within 90 days. However Carr later decided that the penalty on McGuirk was too harsh and rescinded his earlier order. However by this time McGuirk had already sold the franchise to Chicago Bears fullback, Johnny Bryan.Under McGuirk, the Badgers had entered the league in 1922, and through 1924 they were successful in fielding a competitive team. However 1925 saw the team go 0-6.
<Robert_Koch_Prize>	The Robert Koch Medal and Award are two prizes awarded annually by the German Robert Koch Foundation [de] for excellence in the biomedical sciences.  These awards grew out of early attempts by German physician Robert Koch to generate funding to support his research into the cause and cure for tuberculosis.  Koch discovered the bacteria (Mycobacterium tuberculosis) responsible for the dreaded disease and rapidly acquired international support, including 500,000 gold marks from the Scottish-American philanthropist Andrew Carnegie.Since 1970, the Robert Koch Foundation has awarded prizes for major advances in the biomedical sciences, particularly in the fields of microbiology and immunology.  The prestige of this award has grown over the past decades so that it is now widely regarded as the leading international scientific prize in microbiology.  As has been described by a jury member for the prize, the committee often asks, "What would Robert Koch work on today?” to decide on research that should be granted recognition.The more specific Robert Koch Prize is commonly considered one of the stepping-stones (along with other prizes such as the Lasker Award) to eventual Nobel Prize recognition for scientists in the fields of microbiology and immunology, and a number of Robert Koch Prize winners subsequently became Nobel laureates, such as César Milstein, Susumu Tonegawa and Harald zur Hausen.  Other notable awardees include Albert Sabin, Jonas Salk and John Enders for their pioneering work on the development of polio vaccines.  Only Enders was recognized with a Nobel Prize, together with Thomas Huckle Weller and Frederick Chapman Robbins.
<Leonard_Rossiter>	Leonard Rossiter (21 October 1926 – 5 October 1984) was an English actor. He had a long career in the theatre but achieved his highest profile for his television comedy roles starring as Rupert Rigsby in the ITV series Rising Damp from 1974 to 1978, and Reginald Perrin in the BBC's The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin from 1976 to 1979.Rossiter was born on 21 October 1926 in Wavertree, Liverpool, the second son of John and Elizabeth (née Howell) Rossiter. The family lived over the barber shop owned by his father. He was educated at the Liverpool Collegiate School (1939–46). In September 1939, when the Second World War began, Rossiter was evacuated, along with his schoolmates, to Bangor in north Wales, where he stayed for 18 months. While at school, his ambition was to go to university to read modern languages and become a teacher; however, his father, who served as a voluntary ambulanceman during the war, was killed in the May Blitz air raid in 1941. Rossiter then had to support his mother, therefore he could not take up the place he had been offered at the University of Liverpool. Instead, he completed his National Service as a sergeant, initially in the Intelligence Corps, then in the Army Education Corps, spending much of the time in Germany writing letters home for other soldiers. After being demobbed he worked for six years as an insurance clerk in the claims and accident departments of the Commercial Union Insurance Company.
<Sisters_of_Charity_of_Nevers>	The Sisters of Charity of Nevers (French: Congrégation des Sœurs de la Charité de Nevers), also known as Sisters of Charity and Christian Instruction, is a Catholic convent founded in 1680 in Nevers, Nièvre department, France, at the instigation of Jean-Baptiste Delaveyne. The motherhouse, the former convent at St. Gildard in Nevers, which is now a space for pilgrims to sleep and learn about Bernadette, and is called Espace Bernadette, is built on the ruins of the priory of Saint-Gildard, and was supervised by the bishop of the diocese of Nevers.In 1678, Jean-Baptiste Delaveyne (1653–1719), a Benedictine who had spent seven years being dazzled by the court of Louis XIV of France, returned to Saint-Saulge, the hamlet in the Nièvre department where he was born, in an attempt to regain the spiritual direction of his youth. Struck by the poverty he found in that rural area, he offered the young ladies of the village of Saint-Saulge a challenge: "Have no other business but that of charity. Have no other interests but those of the unfortunate." This challenge led to the congregation's foundation. Delaveyne organized a small house with Sisters who ministered to the sick and the poor.The congregation was housed in Château-Chinon in 1706. In 1710 they moved to Decize to serve in the local hospital, and in 1716 they consecrated a chapel in Saint-Saulge to the Immaculate Conception. In 1748 they returned to Château-Chinon, to its hospital. While the Sisters initially ministered to the poor, during the nineteenth century they were more oriented toward the middle classes (and most of the novices were middle-class girls), and by the 1860s operated 260 convents in France.
<Shelby_Chong>	Shelby Chong (née Fiddis; born February 1, 1948) is an American comedian, actress and producer who was the executive producer of Best Buds (2003) and the associate producer of four Cheech & Chong films. She is the wife of comedian and actor Tommy Chong.Shelby (Sharon) Fiddis was born in Los Angeles, California in 1948. She attended Gladstone Secondary School in Vancouver, BC from Grade 7 to 12, graduating in 1966.[citation needed]
<Bryan_Greenberg>	Bryan Greenberg (born May 24, 1978) is an American actor and singer, known for his starring role as Ben Epstein in the HBO original series How to Make It in America as well as a recurring role as Jake Jagielski in the WB series One Tree Hill and as Nick Garrett on the short-lived ABC drama October Road. His film work includes The Perfect Score, Prime, Bride Wars, and Friends with Benefits.Greenberg was born in Omaha, Nebraska, U.S. the son of psychologists Denise "Denny" (born 1951) and Carl Greenberg (born 1950). Greenberg was born to Jewish parents; he was raised in Conservative Judaism and attended Beth El Synagogue in Omaha. Greenberg had a Bar Mitzvah ceremony, belonged to Jewish youth groups, went to Jewish summer camps, and traveled to Israel.
<Leah_Laiman>	Leah Laiman (born August 29, 1946 in Tel Aviv, Israel) is an American soap opera writer and romance novelist.Laiman got her start on daytime television during the early 1980s at General Hospital. Laiman succeeded former Head Writer, Pat Falken Smith, along with novelist Thom Racina. The pair began working on the show during its heyday, including  Luke Spencer and Laura Webber's widely publicized 1981 wedding, which included notable Hollywood legend Elizabeth Taylor. After three years on GH, Laiman followed Racina to Days of Our Lives to work with Sheri Anderson where the three wrote several stories, including Bo and Hope's wedding in England, and co-created the characters of Steve "Patch" Johnson and John Black. In 1986, Laiman became sole head writer and created the character of Jack Deveraux and further developed the popular romance of Steve Johnson and Kayla Brady.After Days of our Lives, Laiman moved to One Life to Live, where she stayed as staff writer from 1990 through 1997 and served as head writer from 1990 to 1991[citation needed] and then again from 1996 to 1997. In 1998, she took a job at the ailing NBC Daytime serial Another World. The show was cancelled in June 1999. Her next job was at As the World Turns.  In 2000, Laiman was fired from ATWT and turned to writing novels for five years. Laiman was rehired on As the World Turns in 2005 as an associate head writer.
<UE_Lleida>	Unió Esportiva Lleida was a Spanish football team based in Lleida, in the autonomous community of Catalonia. It was founded as Lérida Balompié-AEM on 30 October 1939, and became Unión Deportiva Lérida in 1947, after a merger with CD Leridano. It held home matches at Camp d´Esports, with a 13,500-seat capacity. It was dissolved in 2011. The soul of the club was reformed as Lleida Esportiu.Lleida adopted the Catalan version of its name in 1978. The club spent most of its history in the lower divisions, but in the early 1950s and early 1990s, the club won promotion to La Liga.During the 1990s the club was managed by Mané, Juande Ramos and Víctor Muñoz, all of whom subsequently became successful managers with other clubs. From 1987 the club organised its own summer trophy, the Ciutat de Lleida Trophy.
<Nell_Dunn>	Nell Mary Dunn (born 9 June 1936) is an English playwright, screenwriter and author. She is known especially for a volume of short stories, Up the Junction, and a novel, Poor Cow.The second daughter of Sir Philip Dunn and maternal granddaughter of the 5th Earl of Rosslyn, Dunn was born in London and educated at a convent up to the age of 14. She and her older sister Serena were evacuated to America in the war. Her parents divorced in 1944.
<Ruby_Dee>	Ruby Dee (October 27, 1922 – June 11, 2014) was an American actress, poet, playwright, screenwriter, journalist, and civil rights activist. She originated the role of "Ruth Younger" in the stage and film versions of A Raisin in the Sun (1961). Her other notable film roles include The Jackie Robinson Story (1950) and Do the Right Thing (1989).Dee was married to Ossie Davis, with whom she frequently performed until his death in 2005.
<J._Conrad_Lavigne>	J. Conrad Lavigne, CM, O.Ont (November 2, 1916 - April 16, 2003) was a pioneering Canadian media proprietor.Born in Chénéville, Quebec, Lavigne was raised in Cochrane, Ontario. He joined the Canadian Forces in 1942 and fought in World War II. When he returned to Canada following the war, he settled in Kirkland Lake, where he purchased the Prince George Hotel, working as joint owner from 1946 to 1948,   He moved to Timmins and applied for a broadcasting license; CFCL went to air in 1952 as the first French language radio station in Ontario.In 1956, Lavigne also received a television license. CFCL-TV went to air that year as a dual affiliate of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's English and French television networks. Lavigne subsequently added rebroadcast transmitters in several other communities. By 1965, he owned the largest private microwave transmission network in the world.
<Kaalbela>	kaalbela (Bengali: কালবেলা Calcutta My Love) is a 2009 Bengali film directed by Goutam Ghose. The film stars Parambrata Chatterjee, Paoli Dam, Soumitra Chatterjee and Santu Mukherjee. This film is set against the background of the Naxalite movement. Based on a 1980s novel by Samaresh Majumdar, the film sets itself up, quite self-consciously, within a certain tradition of films, namely radical political Bengali cinema of the 1970s and 1980s. It thus establishes an intertextuality and a certain connection with them. By situating itself and the story it has to tell, within this matrix of the 1970s radical Bengali cinema, Ghose anchors the film squarely within that time. The mood and the events certainly, but even the way black and white shots are used, underlines a somewhat documentary – and thus temporally limited – way these sequences are put to use.Mixed Response at Indian Box office.Animesh Mitra is simpleton who arrives at Calcutta from Jalpaiguri, during hostile times (1967), to study at the Scottish Church College. He is scheduled to take refuge at the residence of his father’s friend Mr. Debabrata, but he accidentally gets shot in the limb and ends up at the Calcutta Medical College. Eventually things move on and Animesh develops a deep friendship with Debabrata’s daughter Neela. He takes admission in the B.A classes of Scottish Church College on Bengali Literature and ultimately becomes intertwined with the unresting times of the youth intellect.
<Fuller_&_Delano>	Fuller & Delano was an architectural firm in Worcester, Massachusetts, active from 1878 until 1942. It originally consisted of architects James E. Fuller and Ward P. Delano. The firm designed more than 20 buildings that were later listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.Fuller & Delano was established in 1878 by James E. Fuller and Ward P. Delano II. Though trained as a carpenter, Fuller had been partner of architect Stephen C. Earle from 1866 to 1876. Fuller was formally associated with Delano after he had been a draftsman in his office for about a year. They were continuously associated until Fuller's death in 1901, though a third architect, Howard Frost, was a member of the partnership from 1895 to 1899.After Fuller's and Delano's deaths, respectively, their sons, Robert L. Fuller and Ward P. Delano III were brought into the partnership. The younger Fuller and Delano worked together until Delano's suicide in 1940, and Fuller retired in 1942, ending the firm's sixty-four years of continuous practice.
<Hélio_Pinto>	Hélio José Ribeiro Pinto (born 29 February 1984) is a Portuguese former professional footballer who played as a central midfielder.A youth product of Benfica, he spent most of his career with APOEL in Cyprus, appearing in 276 competitive matches and winning eight major titles.
<Francis_Douglas,_11th_Marquess_of_Queensberry>	Francis Archibald Kelhead Douglas, 11th Marquess of Queensberry (17 January 1896 – 27 April 1954), styled The Honourable Francis Douglas until 1900 and Viscount Drumlanrig between 1900 and 1920  was a Scottish soldier, stockbroker and author.Douglas was born in Kingston upon Thames, Surrey, the eldest son of Percy Sholto Douglas, 10th Marquess of Queensberry and his first wife, Anna Maria Walters (1866-1917).
<Carol_Christensen>	Carol Christensen (September 14, 1937 – June 4, 2005) was an American actress and former model. Born in Detroit, Michigan, she appeared in several films and television shows between 1960 and 1963.Christensen attended Southfield High School in Southfield, Michigan, planning to be an engineer like her father, William Christensen. While she was in high school, she worked at a school of music and dance. After graduation, she worked as a secretary for American Motors Corporation. After an advertising photographer used a photograph of her in an ad, she went into modeling for an agency in Manhattan.
<John_Hayes_(Australian_politician)>	John or Johnny Hayes may refer to:
<A_Daughter_of_Heth>	A Daughter of Heth is a novel by eminent author William Black, first published in 3 volumes by Sampson Low in 1871. It established Black's reputation as a novelist.Catherine Cassilis, known as Coquette, born in France and orphaned by the recent death of her father, comes to Airlie near Saltcoats in Southern Scotland, to live with her uncle, the Minister. Her Catholic upbringing brings her into immediate conflict with the sternly Presbyterian household, and she quickly seeks sympathy and friendship with the more free-spirited nobleman, Lord Earlshope.
<David_Sánchez_(footballer)>	David Sánchez may refer to:
<ThinkPad>	ThinkPad  is a line of business-oriented laptop computers and tablets designed, developed and marketed by Lenovo, and formerly by IBM until 2005, when IBM's PC business was acquired by Lenovo. ThinkPads have a distinct black, boxy design language, inspired by a Japanese bento lunchbox, which originated in 1990 and is still used in some models. Most models also feature a red-colored trackpoint on the keyboard, which has become an iconic and distinctive design characteristic associated with the ThinkPad line.The ThinkPad line was first developed at the IBM Yamato Facility in Japan, and the first ThinkPads were released in October 1992. It has seen significant success in the business market. ThinkPad laptops have been used in outer space and for many years were the only laptops certified for use on the International Space Station. ThinkPads have also for several years been one of the preferred laptops used by the United Nations.
<Shamrock_V>	Shamrock V was the first British yacht to be built to the new J-Class rule. She was commissioned by Sir Thomas Lipton for his fifth America's Cup challenge. Although refitted several times, Shamrock is the only original J-class never to have fallen into dereliction.The services of Charles Ernest Nicholson were once again employed to design the challenger and she was constructed at the Camper and Nicholsons yard in Gosport. Shamrock V was built from wood, with mahogany planking over steel frames and, most significantly, a hollow spruce mast. As a result of rule changes, she was the first British contender for the America's Cup to carry the Bermuda rig. Following her launch on 14 April 1930 she showed early promise on the British Regatta circuit winning 15 of 22 races. She also underwent continuous upgrading with changes to her hull shape, rudder, and modifications to the rig to create a more effective racing sail plan before departing to America in time for the 15th America's Cup.
<Archduchess_Yolande_of_Austria>	Archduchess Yolande of Austria (née Princesse Yolande Marie Jeanne Charlotte de Ligne; born 6 May 1923) is the widow of Archduke Carl Ludwig of Austria.Yolande was born in Madrid as the second daughter of Eugène, 11th Prince de Ligne and his wife Philippine de Noailles (1898-1991). Her father was the Belgian ambassador to India from 1947 to 1951, ambassador to Spain from 1951 to 1958, and the head of one of Belgium's historically most influential noble families. He died in 1960.Each of Yolande's two brothers became the Prince de Ligne (Baudouin, 12th Prince de Ligne and Antoine, 13th Prince de Ligne). Antoine is the father of Michel, 14th Prince de Ligne and Princess Christine, wife of Prince Antônio of Orléans-Braganza (second-in-line to the defunct Brazilian throne). Antoine's youngest daughter is named after Yolande.[citation needed]
<Susan_Skipper>	Susan Valentine (born 27 January 1951 in London), known until 2015 as Susan Skipper, is a British television, film and stage actress. She is best known for playing the parts of Victoria Bourne in The Cedar Tree, Tina in West End Tales and Madeleine in Don't Wait Up, all on British television. She is the widow of Anthony Valentine, to whom she was married for 33 years.After attending the Central School of Speech and Drama in London she made her television debut in a 1974 two part episode of the Thames TV drama anthology Rooms entitled "Jo and Anne" before appearing in the Carry On Laughing sitcom series in 1975. She went on to appear in series like The Cedar Tree, West End Tales, Don't Wait Up (beside Nigel Havers), The Sweeney and Doctor Who. In 1982 she was seen as Elizabeth Sarah Lavinia Spencer, Lady Diana's oldest sister, in the television drama Charles & Diana: A Royal Love Story by James Goldstone. In 1987 she had a short appearance in a flashback sequence as Emily Lloyd's mother in David Leland's film Wish You Were Here (1987). She had also an engagement as stage actress at the Mill Theatre Sonning where she played e.g. the role of Pat Cooper in the Terence Rattigan play Separate Tables.
<Death_in_Gaza>	Death in Gaza is a 2004 documentary film about the Israeli–Palestinian conflict, opening in the West Bank but then moving to Gaza and eventually settling in Rafah where the film spends most of its time. It concentrates on 3 children, Ahmed (age 12), Mohammed (age 12) and Najla (age 16).The film follows the children in different aspects of their lives including life in the vicinity of military forces and games born out of the conflict – such as running towards, throwing rocks and homemade explosives, quwas, at armored vehicles; Study materials in schools which focus on Palestinian perceptions of the conflict, as well as time spent with family and friends, including following one of the children as he plays with and helps militant fighters. The film also makes note of the political use of public mourning for conflict enhancement.For a short while the film concentrates on martyrdom and the opinions of the people there about dying for Palestine and Islam. It briefly tells the story of a young boy who was shot while attacking Israeli forces much like the main boys Ahmed and Mohammed, as well as numerous other unnamed boys. The film follows the boy from being brought into the medical center and the initial treatment, to his death and public reaction, to the parade and his burial, and celebration at his success in becoming a martyr.
<Darrell_Long>	Darrell Don Earl Long is an American computer scientist and computer engineer who is Kumar Malavalli Endowed Chair of Storage Systems Research and Distinguished Professor of Engineering at the University of California, Santa Cruz. He was editor-in-chief of the IEEE Letters of the Computer Society and was editor-in-chief of the ACM Transactions on Storage (TOS).In 2002, he was the founder of the Conference on File and Storage Technologies (FAST).Long did his undergraduate studies at San Diego State University, graduating in 1984, and went on to graduate studies at the University of California, San Diego, earning a Ph.D. in 1988 under the supervision of Jehan-François Pâris.While in graduate school, he worked as a lecturer in mathematics at San Diego State University and in computer science at the University of California, San Diego. After earning his Ph.D. he joined the faculty of the University of California, Santa Cruz.At UCSC, he has been associate dean for research and graduate studies in the Jack Baskin School of Engineering, and he is Director emeritus of the Storage Systems Research Center. During his tenure at the SSRC, seven women earned Ph.D's in the program, which is noteworthy in the field of Computer Science, where women are significantly underrepresented.
<B&W_Hallerne>	B&W Hallerne (English: The B&W Halls) is a former industrial complex located on the island of Refshaleøen in Copenhagen, Denmark. Built in the early 1960s by Burmeister & Wain, the complex consists of two large halls which were used to build ships until 1996. Currently, the facilities are used for culture and entertainment activities.On 2 September 2013, Danish public broadcaster DR announced that it had chosen B&W Hallerne as the host venue for the Eurovision Song Contest 2014. The contest was held at the Section Hall 2, which was converted into a music venue with a capacity for 11,000 spectators. The surrounding buildings and areas were transformed into "Eurovision Island" which was used for additional services related to the contest. Media related to B&W Hallerne at Wikimedia Commons
<Elliot_Handler>	Elliot Handler (April 9, 1916 – July 21, 2011) was an American inventor, businessman, and co-founder of Mattel. With his wife, Ruth Handler, he developed some of the biggest-selling toys in American history, including Barbie, Chatty Cathy, Creepy Crawlers, and Hot Wheels.Handler was born to a Jewish family in Chicago, Illinois, on April 9, 1916, and grew up in Denver, Colorado.  He studied industrial design at the Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, California. In 1929, he met his future wife Ruth Mosko at a B'nai B'rith dance for teenagers. They later married and had two children: a daughter, Barbara, who was the namesake of Barbie dolls; and a son, Kenneth (who died of a brain tumor in 1994) who was the namesake of Ken dolls. While a struggling art student and designer of light fixtures, Handler partnered with Harold Matson to design a realistic-looking miniature piano that received roughly 300,000 orders; however, they mispriced the product and lost a dime on each one produced.Mattel received its name from business partners Harold "Matt" Matson and Elliot Handler in 1945. Elliot's wife, Ruth, took Matson's role when the Handlers bought his share in the late 1940s.
<Mare_Winningham>	Mary "Mare" Megan Winningham (/mɛər/; born May 16, 1959) is an American actress and singer-songwriter. She is the recipient of two Primetime Emmy Awards and has been nominated for an Academy Award, two Golden Globe Awards and two Tony Awards.An eight-time Emmy Award nominee, she won Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or Movie for Amber Waves in 1980 and George Wallace in 1998. She was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for the 1995 film Georgia.
<Rabindra_Chitravali>	Rabindra Chitravali is a 2011 four-volume set of books by art historian R. Siva Kumar that contains paintings of Rabindranth Tagore. These include about 1700 paintings in the Rabindra Bhavana and Kala Bhavana collections of Visva-Bharati, Santiniketan; and more than 300 paintings in the collection of the National Gallery of Modern Art and the collections at Rabindra Bharati University, Kolkata; National Gallery of Modern Art, New Delhi and Bangalore; and Indian Museum, Kolkata.R. Siva Kumar said that reproducing the works in print was important in making them accessible to the public, as "The ink used in the originals is not very durable. The paintings can’t be left in the open for long".
<XXP>	XXP was a German documentary TV station headquartered in Berlin.It was started in 2001 by Spiegel TV and dctp.  It broadcast documentaries, magazine shows and reports, discussions and interviews. There was also a daily news program. The programs mainly came from Spiegel TV, dctp, BBC, Süddeutsche Zeitung.In January 2006 Discovery Communications bought the TV station. It was replaced in September 2006 by DMAX.
<Dan_in_Real_Life>	Dan in Real Life is a 2007 American comedy-drama film directed by Peter Hedges, and stars Steve Carell, Alison Pill, Juliette Binoche, Dianne Wiest, John Mahoney and Dane Cook.This is the first Touchstone Pictures film to be distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures after Disney retired the Buena Vista brand from its distribution division.Dan Burns is a newspaper advice columnist, widower, and single-parent to his three daughters, living in North Jersey. The family takes a trip to the oceanside Rhode Island home of his parents for an annual family gathering. Also in attendance are Dan's brother and sister with their families, along with Dan's younger brother Mitch, who is known for his carefree lifestyle.
<Frances_Hodgson_Burnett>	Frances Eliza Hodgson Burnett (24 November 1849 – 29 October 1924) was a British-American novelist and playwright. She is best known for the three children's novels Little Lord Fauntleroy (published in 1885–1886), A Little Princess (1905), and The Secret Garden (1911).Frances Eliza Hodgson was born in Cheetham, Manchester, England. After her father died in 1853, when Frances was 3 years old, the family fell on straitened circumstances and in 1865 emigrated to the United States, settling in New Market, Tennessee. Frances began her remunerative writing career there at age 19 to help earn money for the family, publishing stories in magazines. In 1870, her mother died. In Knoxville, Tennessee, in 1873 she married Swan Burnett, who became a medical doctor. Their first son Lionel was born a year later. The Burnetts lived for two years in Paris, where their second son Vivian was born, before returning to the United States to live in Washington, D.C. Burnett then began to write novels, the first of which (That Lass o' Lowrie's), was published to good reviews. Little Lord Fauntleroy was published in 1886 and made her a popular writer of children's fiction, although her romantic adult novels written in the 1890s were also popular. She wrote and helped to produce stage versions of Little Lord Fauntleroy and A Little Princess.
<Sinéad_de_Valera>	Sinéad de Valera (née Ní Fhlannagáin; 3 June 1878 – 7 January 1975) was an Irish author of a number of children's books in both Irish and English. She was married to Taoiseach and third president of Ireland, Éamon de Valera.She was born Jane O'Flanagan in Balbriggan. Her father, Laurence, was a carpenter and was a native of Kildare who moved to Balbriggan and married a local girl, Margaret Byrne. The couple emigrated to New York City, where their daughter Mary was born in 1871. The family returned to Balbriggan in 1873, and Sinéad was born there in 1878. She trained as a teacher and worked first in Edenderry, before taking up a post at a national school in Dorset Street, Dublin in around 1901. The 1901 census records her as 'Jane Flanagan', living with her parents and three siblings at 6 Richmond Cottages in Dublin.
<Our_Lady_of_Good_Counsel's_Church_(Staten_Island,_New_York)>	The Church of Our Lady of Good Counsel is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York, located at 10 Austin Place, Staten Island, New York City.The parish was established by the Augustinians on 30 May 1899 with the Rev. Nicholas J. Murphy, O.S.A. being the first pastor.The first mass in Tompkinsville occurred 12 November 1899 in McRobert's Hall on Arietta Street. A large chapel in the building of the Augustinian Academy (Tompkinsville, Staten Island) "was used for parochial purposes with the chapel of Our Lady of Consolation in Tompkinsville.  The chapel, which is situated on St. Paul's Avenue, was erected on 2 February 1902."  It was enlarged and renovated in the summer of 1908 and the parish numbered around 400 in 1914.  The second pastor, the Irish-born Rev. B.E. Daly, O.S.A., was a missionary before being appointed to the Tompkinsville parish on 22 December 1910.
<Makoto_Kobayashi_(physicist)>	Makoto Kobayashi (小林 誠, Kobayashi Makoto, born April 7, 1944, in Nagoya, Japan) is a Japanese physicist known for his work on CP-violation who was awarded one-fourth of the 2008 Nobel Prize in Physics "for the discovery of the origin of the broken symmetry which predicts the existence of at least three families of quarks in nature."Makoto Kobayashi was born in Nagoya, Japan in 1944. When he was two years old, Kobayashi's father Hisashi died. The Kobayashi family home was destroyed by the Bombing of Nagoya, so they stayed at his mother's (surnamed Kaifu) family house. One of Makoto's cousins, Toshiki Kaifu, the 51st Prime Minister of Japan, was living in the same place. His other cousin was an astronomer, Norio Kaifu. Many years later, Toshiki Kaifu recalled Kobayashi: "when he was a child, he was a quiet and lovely boy, always reading some difficult books in my room. I think this is the beginning of his sudden change into a genius."After graduating from the School of Science of Nagoya University in 1967, he obtained a DSc degree from the Graduate School of Science of Nagoya University in 1972. During college years, he received guidance from Shoichi Sakata and others.
<Georg_Andreas_Bull>	Georg Andreas Bull (26 March 1829 – 1 February 1917) was a Norwegian  architect and chief building inspector in Christiania (now Oslo) for forty years. He was among the major architects in the country, and performed surveying studies and archeological research.Bull was born in Bergen, Norway as the youngest of 10 siblings. He was a son of pharmacist Johan Storm Bull (1787–1838) and his wife Anna Dorothea Borse Geelmuyden (1789–1875). He was a brother of violinist Ole Bull and painter Knud Bull, an uncle of Edvard Hagerup Bull and Schak Bull, a granduncle of Sverre Hagerup Bull and a second cousin of Johan Randulf Bull and Anders Sandøe Ørsted Bull.Bull received drawing lessons in Bergen by the German born architect and painter Franz Wilhelm Schiertz (1813–1887) from 1843 to 1845. He then studied machine engineering at the Polytechnische Schule in Hannover from 1846 to 1850, and continued his studies in England. After his engineering studies he made archeological studies of Haakon's Hall in Bergen and other buildings dating from the Middle Ages, including twenty stave churches. He studied architecture at the Berliner Bauakademie from 1855 to 1856. 
<Jack_D._Hunter>	Jack Dayton Hunter (June 4, 1921 – April 13, 2009) was an American author and artist, best known for his novel The Blue Max, which was made into a film of the same name.Hunter was born in Hamilton, Ohio, on June 4, 1921, the son of Whitney G. and Irene Dayton Hunter.  While his father, whose long career with the DuPont Company began as a paint color evaluator because of his sensitivity to colors, Hunter was red-green blind. He graduated with a B.A. degree in journalism from Penn State University in 1943.Because he spoke German, having taught himself and then studied it in college, Hunter was sent to Germany just after the war ended.
<Samantha_Cameron>	Samantha Gwendoline Cameron (née Sheffield; born 18 April 1971) is an English businesswoman. Until 13 May 2010, she was the creative director of Smythson of Bond Street. Her husband, David Cameron, was the British prime minister from 2010 to 2016. She took on a part-time consultancy role at Smythson after he became prime minister.Samantha Cameron is the elder daughter of Sir Reginald Sheffield, 8th Baronet and Annabel Lucy Veronica Jones. Sir Reginald and Annabel married on 11 November 1969. The couple divorced in 1974, and Annabel later remarried to William Waldorf Astor III, nephew of her own stepfather Michael Langhorne Astor, with whom she had three more children. Her father also had three more children by his second wife Victoria Penelope Walker.
<Union_of_Democratic_Forces_(Bulgaria)>	The Union of Democratic Forces (Bulgarian: Съюз на демократичните сили, romanized: Sayuz na demokratichnite sili, СДС / SDS) is a political party in Bulgaria, founded in 1989 as a union of several political organizations in opposition to the communist government. The Union was transformed into a single unified party with the same name. The SDS is a member of the European People's Party (EPP). In the 1990s the party had the largest membership in the country, with one million members, but has since splintered into a number of small parties totaling no more than 40,000 members. The SDS proper had 12,000 members in 2016.Dissident groups formed under the faltering regime of Todor Zhivkov in the late 1980s were the basis for the Union. Once Zhivkov fell, a loose political confederation was envisioned where constituent groups could continue to work for their own cause, while the coordinating council would include three members from each organization. The Longtime dissident philosopher Zhelyu Zhelev, who would later become Bulgaria's president, was elected chairman, and Petar Beron, a well-known environmental scientist, was chosen as secretary.The SDS was officially founded on 7 December 1989 as a union of eleven political organizations, such as Ekoglasnost, Bulgarian Social Democratic Workers' Party (United) and Bulgarian Agrarian People's Union "Nikola Petkov". The following year, six more parties were incorporated (Radical Democratic Party, Green Party of Bulgaria, Democratic Party, New Social Democratic Party, United Democratic Centre, Democratic Front).
<Inferno_(Strindberg_novel)>	Inferno is an autobiographical novel by August Strindberg. Written in French in 1896–97 at the height of Strindberg's troubles with both censors and women, the book is concerned with Strindberg's life both in and after he lived in Paris, and explores his various obsessions, including alchemy, occultism, and Swedenborgianism, and shows signs of paranoia and neuroticism.Inferno has often been cited as proof of Strindberg's own personal neuroses, such as a persecution complex, but evidence also suggests that Strindberg, although experiencing mild neurotic symptoms, both invented and exaggerated much of the material in the book for dramatic effect.The narrator (ostensibly Strindberg, although his narrative variably coheres with and diverges from historical truth) spends most of the novel in Paris, isolated from his wife (Frida Uhl), children, and friends. He associates with a circle of Parisian artists and writers (including Paul Gauguin and Edvard Munch), but often fears they are ridiculing and persecuting him. In his isolation, Strindberg successfully attempts alchemical experiments that apparently violate the laws of chemistry, and has his work published in prominent journals. He fears, however, that his secrets will be stolen, and his persecution mania worsens, believing that his enemies are attacking him with 'infernal machines.' He also dabbles in the occult, at one point casting a black magic spell on his own distanced daughter.
<Hayden_Foxe>	Hayden Vernon Foxe (born 23 June 1977) is an Australian former professional soccer player who works as assistant coach with Western United. He played football as a centre-back at the top level in Germany, Japan, Belgium, England and Australia. Foxe represented his country at international level 11 times between 1998 and 2003.Beginning his career at Sydney club Blacktown City he moved to Dutch club Ajax Amsterdam where he played from 1995–97. Foxe soon established a reputation as a talented young defender, earning a move to J1 League club Sanfrecce Hiroshima in 1998–99.
<Valentine_Dyall>	Valentine Dyall (7 May 1908 – 24 June 1985) was an English character actor. He worked regularly as a voice actor, and was known for many years as "The Man in Black", the narrator of the BBC Radio horror series Appointment with Fear.He was the son of the actor Franklin Dyall and the actress and author Mary Phyllis Joan Logan, who acted and wrote as Concordia Merrel.
<Ghillean_Prance>	Sir Ghillean Tolmie Prance FRS FLS FRSB (born 13 July 1937) is a prominent British botanist and ecologist who has published extensively on the taxonomy of families such as Chrysobalanaceae and Lecythidaceae, but drew particular attention in documenting the pollination ecology of Victoria amazonica. Prance is a former Director of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew.Prance was born on 13 July 1937 in Brandeston, Suffolk, England. He was educated at Malvern College and Keble College, Oxford. In 1957, he achieved BSc Biology. In 1963 he received a D. Phil. in Forest Botany from the Commonwealth Forestry Institute, Oxford.
<Iarnród_Éireann>	Iarnród Éireann (Irish pronunciation: [ˈiəɾˠnˠɾˠoːd̪ˠ ˈeːɾʲən̪ˠ]) or Irish Rail, is the operator of the national railway network of Ireland. Established on 2 February 1987, it is a subsidiary of Córas Iompair Éireann (CIÉ). It operates all internal InterCity, Commuter, DART and freight railway services in the Republic of Ireland, and, jointly with Northern Ireland Railways, the Enterprise service between Dublin and Belfast. In 2019, IÉ carried 50 million passengers, up from 48 million in 2018, and a record peak.Until 2013 Ireland was the only European Union state that had not implemented EU Directive 91/440 and related legislation, having derogated its obligation to split train operations and infrastructure businesses, and allow open access by private companies to the rail network. A consultation on the restructuring of Iarnród Éireann took place in 2012. The derogation ended on 14 March 2013 when the company was split in 2 sectors: Railway Undertaking and Infrastructure Manager.
<Venice,_Los_Angeles>	Venice is a neighborhood of the city of Los Angeles within the Westside region of Los Angeles County, California.Venice was founded by Abbot Kinney in 1905 as a seaside resort town. It was an independent city until 1926, when it was annexed by Los Angeles. Venice is known for its canals, a beach, and Ocean Front Walk, a  two-and-a-half-mile (4 km) pedestrian promenade that features performers, fortune-tellers, and vendors.
<Alex_McCarthy>	Alex Simon McCarthy (born 3 December 1989) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Premier League club Southampton.A product of Reading's Academy, McCarthy spent time out on loan in the Conference Premier before signing professional terms with the club in 2008. He made his Football League debut in 2009 whilst on loan to Aldershot Town and spent the following season at Yeovil Town before making his Reading debut in 2011. He later spent time on loan at Leeds United and Ipswich Town. McCarthy left for Queens Park Rangers in 2014, moving on to Crystal Palace the following year, before joining Southampton in August 2016.
<L'histoire_de_Manon>	L'histoire de Manon, generally referred to as Manon, is a ballet choreographed by Kenneth MacMillan to music by Jules Massenet and based on the 1731 novel Manon Lescaut by Abbé Prévost. The ballet was first performed by The Royal Ballet in London in 1974 with Antoinette Sibley and Anthony Dowell in the leading roles. It continues to be performed and recognised internationally.Kenneth MacMillan had been thinking about choreographing a ballet about the story of Manon Lescaut for some time. Three years into his artistic directorship of The Royal Ballet, he wanted to create a large-scale operatic ballet that would provide exciting roles both for the company's principal dancers and the corps de ballet.
<Under_the_Sea>	"Under the Sea" is a song from Disney's 1989 animated film The Little Mermaid, composed by Alan Menken with lyrics by Howard Ashman. It is influenced by the calypso style of the Caribbean which originated in Trinidad and Tobago, as well as reggae, which originated in Jamaica.[citation needed] The song was performed in the film by Samuel E. Wright.  The track won the Academy Award for Best Original Song in 1989, the first for a Disney film since "Chim Chim Cher-ee" from Mary Poppins in 1964. Additionally, the song won the Grammy Award for Best Song Written for Visual Media in 1991.The song is a plea by the crab Sebastian imploring Ariel to remain sea-bound, and resist her desire to become a human in order to spend her life with Prince Eric, with whom she has fallen in love. Sebastian warns of the struggles of human life while at the same time expounding the benefits of a care-free life underwater. However, his plea falls on deaf ears, as Ariel leaves before the end of the song.The song is present throughout all the Walt Disney parks and resorts and the Disney Cruise Line.
<RTV_(Indonesia)>	Rajawali Televisi (RTV, stylized as rtv) is a commercial television network in Indonesia, owned by Rajawali Corpora. RTV is currently segmented as "family television", licensed via the Ministry of Communication and Information Technology, and its frequency is coordinated through the Department of Transportation. RTV officially aired for the first time on 1 November 2009, in Jakarta as B-Channel. With 24 hours airtime, RTV's current programs focus on entertainment, soft news, and a variety of animation programs, ranging from anime, tokusatsu and children's animation. B-Channel changed its name to RTV with the launch of Langit Rajawali on 3 May 2014.
<Stamford,_Connecticut>	Stamford (/ˈstæmfərd/) is a city in the U.S. state of Connecticut, 34 miles (55 kilometers) outside of Manhattan. It is Connecticut's second-most populous city, behind Bridgeport. With a population of 135,470, Stamford passed Hartford and New Haven in population as of the 2020 census. It is in the Bridgeport-Stamford-Norwalk-Danbury metropolitan statistical area, which is part of the New York City metropolitan area (specifically, the New York–Newark, NY–NJ–CT–PA Combined Statistical Area).As of 2019, Stamford is home to nine Fortune 500 companies and numerous divisions of large corporations. This gives it the largest financial district in the New York metropolitan region outside New York City and one of the nation's largest concentrations of corporations. Dominant sectors of Stamford's economy include financial services, tourism, information technology, healthcare, telecommunications, transportation, and retail. Its metropolitan division is home to colleges and universities including UConn Stamford and Norwalk Community College.
<Jack_Weston>	Jack Weston (born Morris Weinstein; August 21, 1924[citation needed] – May 3, 1996) was an American actor. He was nominated for a Golden Globe Award in 1976 and a Tony Award in 1981.Weston, a native of Cleveland, Ohio, usually played comic roles in films such as Cactus Flower (1969) and Please Don't Eat the Daisies (1960). He occasionally took on heavier parts, such as the scheming crook and stalker, who along with Alan Arkin and Richard Crenna attempts to terrorize and rob a blind Audrey Hepburn in the 1967 film Wait Until Dark.Weston had numerous other character roles over 25 years, including in major films such as The Cincinnati Kid (1965), The Thomas Crown Affair (1968), Gator (1976), Cuba (1979), High Road to China (1983), Dirty Dancing (1987), Ishtar (1987), and Short Circuit 2 (1988).
<Daniel_Kahneman>	Daniel Kahneman (/ˈkɑːnəmən/; Hebrew: דניאל כהנמן; born March 5, 1934) is an Israeli-American psychologist and economist notable for his work on the psychology of judgment and decision-making, as well as behavioral economics, for which he was awarded the 2002 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences (shared with Vernon L. Smith). His empirical findings challenge the assumption of human rationality prevailing in modern economic theory.With Amos Tversky and others, Kahneman established a cognitive basis for common human errors that arise from heuristics and biases, and developed prospect theory.
<Nacionalista_Party>	The Nacionalista Party (Filipino and Spanish: Partido Nacionalista; lit. 'Nationalist Party') is the oldest political party in both the Philippines and in Southeast Asia in general. It is responsible for leading the country throughout the majority of the 20th century since its founding in 1907; it was the ruling party from 1935 to 1946 (under Presidents Manuel L. Quezon and Sergio Osmeña), 1953–1961 (under Presidents Ramon Magsaysay and Carlos P. Garcia) and 1965–1972 (under President Ferdinand Marcos).The Nacionalista Party was initially created as a Filipino nationalist party that supported Philippine independence until 1946 when the United States granted independence to the country. Since then, many scholarly articles that dealt with the history of political parties during the Third Republic agreed that the party has been increasingly populist, although some argued they had conservative tendencies because of their opposition to the Liberal Party and the Progressive Party. The populist ideology of the party remained to present day as described on their website.
<Diamond_Jubilee_(horse)>	Diamond Jubilee (1897 – 10 July 1923) was a British-bred and British-trained Thoroughbred race horse and sire. In a career which lasted from June 1899 until October 1901 he ran sixteen times and won six races.He showed modest form as a two-year-old in 1899 but improved to be the leading colt of his generation in 1900 when he won the British Triple Crown. His other wins included the Eclipse Stakes, then one of the most valuable horse races in the world. He was retired to stud at the end of the 1901 season and was later exported to Argentina.Diamond Jubilee was noted throughout his life for his unpredictable and sometimes violent temperament.
<Leyland_Motors>	Leyland Motors Limited (later known as the Leyland Motor Corporation) was a British vehicle manufacturer of lorries, buses and trolleybuses. The company diversified into car manufacturing with its acquisitions of Triumph and Rover in 1960 and 1967, respectively. It gave its name to the British Leyland Motor Corporation, formed when it merged with British Motor Holdings in 1968, to become British Leyland after being nationalised. British Leyland later changed its name to simply BL, then in 1986 to Rover Group.After the various vehicle manufacturing businesses of BL and its successors went defunct or were divested, the following marques survived: Jaguar and Land Rover, now built by Jaguar Land Rover owned by TATA Motors; MG, now built by MG Motor, and Mini, now built by BMW. The truck building operation survived largely intact as Leyland Trucks, a subsidiary of Paccar.
<A.C._Milan>	Associazione Calcio Milan (Italian pronunciation: [assotʃatˈtsjoːne ˈkaltʃo ˈmiːlan]), commonly referred to as AC Milan or simply Milan, is a professional football club in Milan, Italy, founded in 1899. The club has spent its entire history, with the exception of the 1980–81 and 1982–83 seasons, in the top flight of Italian football, known as Serie A since 1929–30.AC Milan's 18 FIFA and UEFA trophies is the fourth highest out of any club (joint with Boca Juniors), and the most out of any Italian club. Milan has won a joint record three Intercontinental Cups and one FIFA Club World Cup, seven European Cup/Champions League titles (Italian record), the UEFA Super Cup a joint record five times and the Cup Winners' Cup twice. With 19 league titles, Milan is tied as the second most successful club in Serie A with local rivals Inter Milan (also with 19 league titles), behind Juventus (36 league titles). They have also won the Coppa Italia five times, and the Supercoppa Italiana seven.
<Burford_Sampson>	Burford Sampson DSO (30 March 1882 – 5 June 1959) was an Australian politician and soldier. Born in Launceston, Tasmania, he was educated at Launceston Grammar School before serving in the military 1899–1901, during the Second Boer War. He remained in Africa, serving with the Rhodesian Mountain Police and farming in South Africa. He returned to Tasmania in 1907 as a farmer. He served in World War I (1914–1918) and was at the landing at Gallipoli, before serving on the Western Front and briefly commanding the 15th Battalion during their final battle around Jeancourt in September 1918. After the war, he became a manager in Launceston. In 1925, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Nationalist Senator for Tasmania. Sampson served as Chairman of Committees from 1935 to 1938. He was defeated at the 1937 federal election (his term finishing in June 1938), but was re-elected in 1940. He was defeated again in 1946 as a Liberal. Sampson died in 1959.
<Jared_Diamond>	Jared Mason Diamond (born September 10, 1937) is an American geographer, historian, ornithologist, and author best known for his popular science books The Third Chimpanzee (1991); Guns, Germs, and Steel (1997, awarded a Pulitzer Prize); Collapse (2005), The World Until Yesterday (2012), and Upheaval (2019). Originally trained in biochemistry and physiology, Diamond is known for drawing from a variety of fields, including anthropology, ecology, geography, and evolutionary biology. He is a professor of geography at UCLA.In 2005, Diamond was ranked ninth on a poll by Prospect and Foreign Policy of the world's top 100 public intellectuals.
<Lyman_Spitzer>	Lyman Spitzer Jr. (June 26, 1914 – March 31, 1997) was an American theoretical physicist, astronomer and mountaineer. As a scientist, he carried out research into star formation, plasma physics, and in 1946, conceived the idea of telescopes operating in outer space. Spitzer invented the stellarator plasma device and is the namesake of NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope. As a mountaineer, he made the first ascent of Mount Thor, with Donald C. Morton.Spitzer was born to a Presbyterian family in Toledo, Ohio, the son of Lyman Spitzer Sr. and Blanche Carey (née Brumback). Through his paternal grandmother, he was related to inventor Eli Whitney. Spitzer graduated from Scott High School.  He then attended Phillips Academy in 1929 and went on to Yale College, where he graduated Phi Beta Kappa in 1935 and was a member of Skull and Bones.  During a year of study at Cambridge University, he was influenced by Arthur Eddington and the young Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar.  Returning to the U.S., Spitzer received his Ph.D. in physics from Princeton University in 1938 after completing a doctoral dissertation, titled "The spectra of late supergiant stars", under the direction of Henry Norris Russell.In 1965, Spitzer and Donald Morton became the first to climb Mount Thor 1,675 m (5,495 ft), located in Auyuittuq National Park, on Baffin Island, Nunavut, Canada. As a member of the American Alpine Club, Spitzer established the "Lyman Spitzer Cutting Edge Climbing Award" (Now called the "Cutting Edge Grant") which gives $12,000 to several mountain climbing expeditions annually.
<Barbro_Oborg>	Barbro Christina Oborg Ljunggren (born 3 July 1941) is a Swedish actress. She is married to Sten Ljunggren.This article about a Swedish actor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Ronaldo_Caiado>	Ronaldo Ramos Caiado (Anápolis, September 25, 1949) is a Brazilian politician. An orthopedic physician trained at the School of Medicine and Surgery of Rio de Janeiro, he comes from a family landowners and politicians from Goiás. He is the grandson of Antonio Ramos Caiado. Caiado served as chairman of the União Democrática Ruralista in the late eighties (1986-1989), an organization that aims to defend the interests of landowners.Caiado ran for president with the PSD, at 1989 Brazilian presidential election, obtaining 0.68% of the votes.He was elected federal deputy for Goiás in 1990. The following year he joined PFL - now renamed DEM, to which he is still affiliated. He ran for governor of Goiás in 1994, obtaining 3rd place with 23.18% of the votes.
<Yumi_Hogan>	Yumi Hogan (Korean: 유미 호건, née Kim; born December 25, 1959) is a Korean–American artist and the first lady of Maryland as the wife of governor Larry Hogan. Hogan is the first Korean American first lady of a U.S. state and the first Asian American first lady in the history of Maryland.Yumi Kim was born on December 25, 1959, in Naju, South Korea. Kim is the youngest of eight children and grew up on a chicken farm in the rural South Jeolla Province. Kim immigrated to the United States with her first husband while in her twenties.Hogan is an artist. Following encouragement from her husband, she earned a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Painting degree from Maryland Institute College of Art in 2008 and a Master of Fine Arts degree from American University in 2010.
<Rosebery_Park>	Rosebery Park was a football ground in the Oatlands area of Glasgow, Scotland. It was the home of Shawfield F.C. from 1918 to 1960, before being acquired by Glasgow Corporation as a venue for schools' football matches. The discovery that the site was contaminated led to the ground becoming derelict in the 1990s, and it was subsequently demolished.Rosebery Park was named after the former Prime Minister, the 5th Earl of Rosebery. Located on the south-west side of Toryglen Street near Polmadie Road,[citation needed] it was the home of Shawfield from 1918 to 1960. Pollok also sometimes used the ground in the late 1920s whilst they were without a permanent ground.
<Cabela's_Dangerous_Hunts_2009>	Cabela's Dangerous Hunts 2009 (known as Cabela's Dangerous Adventures in the PAL region) is a hunting video game published by Activision for the PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, Wii and Xbox 360 game consoles. It was released in the United States on September 23, 2008.IGN gave the game a 5.2/10, giving mediocre marks for its novelty appeal, but reported for the Xbox 360 version, "... it has very little lasting appeal and is definitely a better rental than a purchase." IGN gave the Wii version a lower score by a point, citing the poor control scheme that was implemented.
<Taiwan_Institute_of_Economic_Research>	Coordinates: 25°03′59″N 121°31′30″E﻿ / ﻿25.06639°N 121.52500°E﻿ / 25.06639; 121.52500Taiwan Institute of Economic Research (TIER, Chinese: 台灣經濟研究院; pinyin: Táiwān Jīngjì Yánjiùyuàn) is an incorporated non-profit research institute in Zhongshan District, Taipei, Taiwan.Established on 1 September 1976, it was the first independent academic research institute in Taiwan. Similar to the Chung-Hua Institution for Economic Research, its mission is to provide research into the domestic and foreign economies and industries and to provide the results to the government and industry for consideration, encouraging the development of Taiwan's economy. It is a major provider of economic information about Taiwan, greater China, and Asia, and also acts as one of two major economic policy think tanks in Taiwan. Funding is provided through an endowment, donations, as well as income generated from research publications.
<Ann_Turkel>	Ann Kathryn Turkel (born July 16, 1946) is an American actress and former model. Turkel studied acting at the Musical Theatre Academy.Turkel was born in New York City to a Jewish family. She was photographed for American Vogue in the late 1960s. Patrick Lichfield captured images of her on location in the United Kingdom, the Bahamas, and Italy during the early 1970s, and included them in his 1981 book The Most Beautiful Women.After a brief appearance in the film Paper Lion (1968), her first major role was in the 1974 film, 99 and 44/100% Dead starring her future husband Richard Harris, and they acted together in The Cassandra Crossing (1976), Golden Rendezvous (1977) and Ravagers (1979).
<Cher>	Cher (/ʃɛər/; born Cherilyn Sarkisian; May 20, 1946) is an American singer, actress and television personality. Often referred to by the media as the "Goddess of Pop", she has been described as embodying female autonomy in a male-dominated industry. Cher is known for her distinctive contralto singing voice and for having worked in numerous areas of entertainment, as well as adopting a variety of styles and appearances throughout her six-decade-long career. Cher gained popularity in 1965 as one-half of the folk rock husband-wife duo Sonny & Cher after their song "I Got You Babe" peaked at number one on the US and UK charts. Together they sold 40 million records worldwide. Her solo career was established during the same time, with the top-ten singles "Bang Bang (My Baby Shot Me Down)" and "You Better Sit Down Kids". She became a television personality in the 1970s with her CBS shows; first The Sonny & Cher Comedy Hour, watched by over 30 million viewers weekly during its three-year run, and then the namesake Cher. She emerged as a fashion trendsetter by wearing elaborate outfits on her television shows. While working on television, Cher released the US Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles "Gypsys, Tramps & Thieves", "Half-Breed", and "Dark Lady", becoming the female artist with the most number-one singles in United States history at the time. After her divorce from Sonny Bono in 1975, she released the disco album Take Me Home (1979) and earned $300,000 a week for her 1979–1982 concert residency in Las Vegas.In 1982, Cher made her Broadway debut in the play Come Back to the 5 & Dime, Jimmy Dean, Jimmy Dean and starred in its film adaptation. She subsequently garnered critical acclaim for her performances in films such as Silkwood (1983), Mask (1985), The Witches of Eastwick (1987), and Moonstruck (1987), the last of which won her the Academy Award for Best Actress. She then revived her music career by recording the rock-inflected albums Cher (1987), Heart of Stone (1989), and Love Hurts (1991), all of which yielded successful singles such as "I Found Someone", "If I Could Turn Back Time", and "Love and Understanding". Cher contributed to the soundtrack for her next film, Mermaids (1990), which spawned the UK number-one single "The Shoop Shoop Song (It's in His Kiss)". She made her directorial debut with a segment in the abortion-themed anthology If These Walls Could Talk (1996).
<Shenyang_Aircraft_Design_Institute>	Shenyang Aircraft Design Institute (Chinese: 沈阳飞机设计研究所; pinyin: Shěnyáng Fēijī Shèjì Yánjiū Suǒ; or 601 Institute) is a Chinese aircraft design institute of the Shenyang Aircraft Corporation, specializing in the design of military aircraft.
<Pierre_Contant_d'Ivry>	Pierre Contant d'Ivry (11 May 1698 in Ivry-sur-Seine – 1 October 1777 in Paris), was a French architect and designer working in a chaste and sober Rococo style and in the goût grec phase of early Neoclassicism.An Architecte du Roi from 1728, he spent his career working for the French Crown and for an aristocratic private clientele: the contrôleur-général des finances Machault d'Arnouville, the princes de Soubise and de Croÿ, and baron Bernstorff, the Danish ambassador. Though he was not formally received into the Académie royale d'architecture until 1751, he was the architect attached to Louis François I de Bourbon, prince de Conti, between 1737 and 1749. He was replaced in this position by Jean-Baptiste Courtonne.Later Contant d'Ivry worked for Louis-Philippe, duc d'Orléans, for whom he transformed interiors of the Palais-Royal, Paris, in 1754, designs that were widely admired and published by Diderot and d'Alembert in the Encyclopédie, 1762, where Jacques-François Blondel praised their "correct middle pathway between two excesses, that of the heavy weight of our ancients and that of frivolity". Surviving examples include the dining room of the Duchesse d'Orléans (now the Salle du Tribunal des Conflits of the Conseil d'État), which is in a neo-classical style with pilasters, and another of her rooms (now the Salle des Finances), in which his surviving decoration of the ceiling and door panels is lighter and more reminiscent of the earlier French Regency period. Contant d'Ivry was also responsible for the exteriors of the northern part of the east wing (now on the Rue de Valois), the avant corps of which, "with its giant balcony brackets and rather inventive detailing, combines Rococo-style decorative charm with a certain Classical solidity in its massing."
<John_Huggins>	John Jerome Huggins Jr. (February 11, 1945 – January 17, 1969) was an American activist. He was the leader in the Los Angeles chapter of the Black Panther Party who was killed by black nationalist US Organization members at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) campus in January 1969. As part of COINTELPRO, the FBI sent forged letters to Black Nationalists to inflame tensions between the Panthers and US organisation. Lary 'Watani' Stiner and his brother, were accused and charged for Huggins' assassination.John Huggins was born February 11, 1945, in New Haven, Connecticut, where he attended Hopkins School, although ultimately left and graduated from James Hillhouse High School.  He was briefly enlisted in the United States Navy before attending Lincoln University in Chester County, Pennsylvania, where he met his wife Ericka Huggins. They moved together to Los Angeles and both became deeply involved in the Black Panther Party. They had one child, Mai Huggins.
<Peter_Benchley>	Peter Bradford Benchley (May 8, 1940 – February 11, 2006) was an American author, screenwriter, and ocean activist. He is known for his bestselling novel Jaws and co-wrote its film adaptation with Carl Gottlieb. Several more of his works were also adapted for both cinema and television, including The Deep, The Island, Beast, and White Shark.Later in life, Benchley expressed some regret for his tone in writing about sharks, which he felt indulged already present fear and false belief about sharks, and he became an advocate for marine conservation.  Contrary to widespread rumor, Benchley did not believe that his writings contributed to shark depopulation, nor is there evidence that Jaws or any of his works did so.
<OpCapita>	OpCapita is a British private equity firm specialising in the retail, consumer and leisure industries. The firm invests in underperforming businesses that require operational support to improve profitability and create long-term, sustainable value. OpCapita was established in 2006, by American financier Henry Jackson. Its senior team have been together since the founding of the firm and have many decades of experience in consumer businesses. The firm is based in London and invests on behalf of a diversified group of international institutional investors. OpCapita is a full member of Invest Europe and a signatory of the UN Principles for Responsible Investment.In October 2006, OpCapita acquired British furniture retailer MFI Group for £1. In March 2008, it acquired French retailer BUT. In November 2011, the firm purchased the electronics retailer Comet from Kesa for £2.  In March 2012, OpCapita, through its subsidiary Baker Acquisitions, purchased Game UK out of administration. A second subsidiary, Cherrilux Investments, was set up to buy Game's Spanish operations.
<Lurleen_Wallace>	Lurleen Burns Wallace (born Lurleen Brigham Burns; September 19, 1926 – May 7, 1968) was the 46th governor of Alabama for 15 months from January 1967 until her death. She was the first wife of Alabama governor George Wallace, whom she succeeded as governor because the Alabama constitution forbade consecutive terms. She was Alabama's first female governor and was the only female governor to hold the position until Kay Ivey became the second woman to succeed to the office in 2017. She is also (as of 2022) the only female governor in U.S. history to have died in office. In 1973, she was posthumously inducted into the Alabama Women's Hall of Fame.Lurleen Brigham Burns was born to Henry Burns and the former Estelle Burroughs of Fosters in Tuscaloosa County. She graduated in 1942 from Tuscaloosa County High School at the age of fifteen. She then worked at Kresge's Five and Dime in Tuscaloosa, where she met George Wallace, at the time a member of the United States Army Air Corps. The couple married on May 22, 1943, when she was 16.Over the next twenty years, Wallace focused on being a mother and a homemaker. The Wallaces had four children: Bobbi Jo Wallace Parsons (1944–2015), Peggy Sue Wallace Kennedy (born 1950), George III (born 1951), and Janie Lee Wallace Dye (born 1961). George Wallace's neglect of his family and frequent extramarital affairs resulted in his wife filing for divorce in the late 1950s; she later dropped the suit after he promised to be a better husband. By all accounts, the two had a very happy marriage for the rest of her life.
<Ivan_Pavlov>	Ivan Petrovich Pavlov (Russian: Ива́н Петро́вич Па́влов, IPA: [ɪˈvan pʲɪˈtrovʲɪtɕ ˈpavləf] (listen); 26 September [O.S. 14 September] 1849 – 27 February 1936), was a Russian and Soviet experimental neurologist, psychologist and physiologist known for his discovery of classical conditioning through his experiments with dogs.Ivan Petrovich Pavlov, the first of eleven children, was born in Ryazan, Russian Empire. His father, Peter Dmitrievich Pavlov (1823–1899), was a village Russian orthodox priest. His mother, Varvara Ivanovna Uspenskaya (1826–1890), was a devoted homemaker. As a child, Pavlov willingly participated in house duties such as doing the dishes and taking care of his siblings. He loved to garden, ride his bicycle, row, swim, and play gorodki; he devoted his summer vacations to these activities. Although able to read by the age of seven, Pavlov was seriously injured when he fell from a high wall onto a stone pavement. As a result of the injuries he sustained he did not begin formal schooling until he was 11 years old.
<Reinhard_Höppner>	Reinhard Höppner (2 December 1948 – 9 June 2014) was a German politician (SPD) and writer.Höppner held a Dr. rer. nat. in mathematics.In 1990, in the first (and last) free election in the assembly's history, he was elected a member of the East German People's Chamber (Volkskammer), becoming the assembly's vice president.
<Roald_Dahl>	Roald Dahl (13 September 1916 – 23 November 1990) was a British novelist, short-story writer, poet, screenwriter, and wartime fighter ace of Norwegian descent. His books have sold more than 250 million copies worldwide. Dahl has been called "one of the greatest storytellers for children of the 20th century".Dahl was born in Wales to affluent Norwegian immigrant parents, and spent most of his life in England. He served in the Royal Air Force (RAF) during the Second World War. He became a fighter pilot and, subsequently, an intelligence officer, rising to the rank of acting wing commander. He rose to prominence as a writer in the 1940s with works for children and for adults, and he became one of the world's best-selling authors. His awards for contribution to literature include the 1983 World Fantasy Award for Life Achievement and the British Book Awards' Children's Author of the Year in 1990. Dahl and his work have been criticised for racial stereotypes, misogyny and anti-semitism, the latter contradicted by those who knew him. In 2008, The Times placed Dahl 16th on its list of "The 50 Greatest British Writers Since 1945". In 2021, Forbes ranked him the top-earning dead celebrity.
<Gina_Torres>	Gina Torres (born April 25, 1969) is an American actress. She is known for her starring roles as Zoe Washburne in the science fiction series Firefly (2002–2003) and its feature film sequel Serenity (2005), and as Jessica Pearson in the USA Network legal drama series Suits (2011–2018) and its spin-off series Pearson (2019).Torres appeared in the science fiction films The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Revolutions (both 2003), the drama film Jam (2006), the romantic comedy film I Think I Love My Wife (2007), the independent drama film South of Pico (2007), and the drama film Selah and the Spades (2019).
<Suresh_Joshi>	Suresh Hariprasad Joshi (Gujarati: સુરેશ હરિપ્રસાદ જોષી) was an Indian novelist, short-story writer, literary critic, poet, translator, editor and academic in the Gujarati language. Along with his teaching career, he led the modernist movement in Gujarati literature. He was prolific writer and he transformed the field of literary criticism.He was born in Valod, a small town near Bardoli in South Gujarat on 30 May 1921. He did his schooling from Songadh and Gangadhara. He matriculated from Navsari in 1938. He completed his BA in 1943 and MA from Elphinstone College in 1945. In the same year, he started teaching at D. J. Singh College in Karachi and later joined Sardar Patel University, Vallabh Vidyanagar in 1947. From 1951, he served as a lecturer, professor and later as Head of the Gujarati Department at the Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda, Vadodara till his retirement in 1981.
<Jens_Jensen_(politician)>	Jens August Jensen (2 May 1865 – 16 November 1936) was an Australian politician who served in the House of Representatives from 1910 to 1919. He was a minister in the governments of Andrew Fisher and Billy Hughes, serving as Minister for the Navy from 1915 to 1917 and Minister for Trade and Customs from 1917 to 1918.Jensen was born on 2 May 1865 in Sebastopol, Victoria, on the outskirts of Ballarat. His Danish parents Anna Marie Christine (née Peterson) and Anthon Jensen had immigrated to Australia during the Victorian gold rush; he was their third son. Jensen attended state schools until the age of 11, when he began working as a stable boy. He moved to Beaconsfield, Tasmania, in 1878 and worked as a rabbit hawker and miner; he eventually gained his engine driver's certificate. In 1885, Jensen married Elizabeth Frances Broadhurst. The couple had one son and four daughters before her death in 1894. He remarried in 1896 to Bertha Hopton, with whom he had another son and daughter. Also in 1896, Jensen built a hotel and theatre in Beaconsfield. He later opened a larger establishment at Beauty Point, and bought an orchard nearby. He was elected to the Beaconsfield Town Council in 1899.
<Dustin_Lance_Black>	Dustin Lance Black (born June 10, 1974) is an American screenwriter, director, producer, and LGBT rights activist. He is known for writing the film Milk, for which he won the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay in 2009. He has also subsequently written the screenplays for the film J. Edgar and the 2022 crime miniseries Under the Banner of Heaven.Black is a founding board member of the American Foundation for Equal Rights and writer of 8, a staged reenactment of the federal trial that led to a federal court's overturn of California's Proposition 8.
<Martin_Rodbell>	Martin Rodbell (December 1, 1925 – December 7, 1998) was an American biochemist and molecular endocrinologist who is best known for his discovery of G-proteins. He shared the 1994 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Alfred G. Gilman for "their discovery of G-proteins and the role of these proteins in signal transduction in cells."Rodbell was born in Baltimore, Maryland, the son of Shirley (née Abrams) and Milton Rodbell, a grocer. His family was Jewish. After graduating from the Baltimore City College high school, he entered Johns Hopkins University in 1943, with interests in biology and French existential literature. In 1944, his studies were interrupted by his military service as a U.S. Navy radio operator during World War II. He returned to Hopkins in 1946 and received his B.S. in biology in 1949. In 1950, he married Barbara Charlotte Ledermann, a former friend of Margot Frank, diarist Anne Frank's older sister. Martin and Barbara had four children. Rodbell received his Ph.D. in biochemistry at the University of Washington in 1954. He did post-doctoral work at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign from 1954 to 1956. In 1956, Rodbell accepted a position as a research biochemist at the National Heart Institute, part of the National Institutes of Health, in Bethesda, Maryland. In 1985, Rodbell became Scientific Director of the NIH's National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina where he worked until his retirement in 1994. He was also Adjunct Professor of Cell Biology at Duke University (from 1991 to 1998) and Adjunct Professor of Pharmacology at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. He died in Chapel Hill of multiple organ failure after an extended illness.Reflecting the increasingly common analogies between computer science and biology in the 1960s, Rodbell believed that the fundamental information processing systems of both computers and biological organisms were similar. He asserted that individual cells were analogous to cybernetic systems made up of three distinct molecular components: discriminators, transducers, and amplifiers (otherwise known as effectors). The discriminator, or cell receptor, receives information from outside the cell; a cell transducer processes this information across the cell membrane; and the amplifier intensifies these signals to initiate reactions within the cell or to transmit information to other cells.
<Ricky_Martin>	Enrique Martín Morales (born December 24, 1971), known professionally as Ricky Martin, is a Puerto Rican singer, songwriter, and actor. He is known for his musical versatility, with his discography spanning multiple genres, including Latin pop, pop, dance, reggaeton, and salsa. Dubbed the "King of Latin Pop", the "King of Latin Music", and the "Latin Pop God", he is regarded as one of the most influential artists in the world. Born in San Juan, Martin began appearing in television commercials at age nine and began his musical career at twelve, as a member of Puerto Rican boy band Menudo. He began his solo career in 1991 while in Sony Music Mexico, gaining recognition in Latin America with the release of his first two studio albums, Ricky Martin (1991) and Me Amaras (1993), both of which were focused on ballads.Martin's third album, A Medio Vivir (1995), helped him rise to prominence in European countries. The chart-topping single "María", incorporated a mixture of Latin music genres and became his first international hit. His international success was further solidified with his fourth album, Vuelve (1998). The album, which earned Martin his first Grammy Award, spawned chart-topping hits "Vuelve" and "La Copa de la Vida". Martin performed the latter at the 41st Annual Grammy Awards, which was greeted with a massive standing ovation and is known as a game-changer for Latin music worldwide. His first English album, Ricky Martin (1999) became his first US Billboard 200 number one. The lead single "Livin' la Vida Loca" is considered to be Martin's biggest hit, topping both the Billboard Hot 100 and the UK Singles Chart. Martin's success in the late 1990s is generally seen as the beginning of the "Latin explosion". He has been credited for propelling the Latin pop music genre to mainstream recognition, paving the way for a large number of Latin artists to achieve global success.
<Filipe_Falardo>	Filipe Miguel Falardo Casimiro (born 31 October 1983), known as Falardo, is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a midfielder.Born in Vila Franca de Xira, Lisbon District, Falardo spent most of his youth career with F.C. Alverca. On 25 April 2004, he played his first and only game in the Primeira Liga, coming on as a 22nd minute substitute in a 0–1 away loss against FC Porto.Subsequently, Falardo alternated between his country's second and third divisions, also having spells abroad in Romania and Cyprus.
<Jack_Kent_Cooke>	Jack Kent Cooke (October 25, 1912 – April 6, 1997) was a Canadian-American businessman in broadcasting and professional sports. Starting in sales, Cooke was very successful, eventually becoming a partner in a network of radio stations and newspapers in Canada. After failing at starting a major league baseball team in Toronto and being turned down to own a television station in Toronto, Cooke moved to the United States and built a business empire in broadcasting and professional sports franchises. Cooke was the owner of the Washington Redskins (NFL), the Los Angeles Lakers (NBA), the Los Angeles Kings (NHL), the Los Angeles Wolves (United Soccer) and Toronto Maple Leafs (IL). He also developed The Forum in Inglewood, California, and FedExField (named  Jack Kent Cooke Stadium when it opened, months after his death) near Landover, Maryland.Born in Hamilton, Ontario, Cooke moved with his family to The Beaches area of Toronto in 1921, where he attended Malvern Collegiate Institute.
<Bob_Maclennan,_Baron_Maclennan_of_Rogart>	Robert Adam Ross Maclennan, Baron Maclennan of Rogart, PC (26 June 1936 – 18 January 2020) was a British Liberal Democrat politician and life peer.He was the last leader of the Social Democratic Party (SDP), serving during the negotiations that led to its merger with the Liberal Party in 1988. He then became joint interim leader of the new party, known as the Social and Liberal Democrats (SLD) and later as the Liberal Democrats. He served as a Member of Parliament (MP) from 1966 to 2001, when he was elevated to the House of Lords.
<Benjamin_Henry_Latrobe>	Benjamin Henry Boneval Latrobe (May 1, 1764 – September 3, 1820) was an Anglo-American neoclassical architect who emigrated to the United States. He was one of the first formally trained, professional architects in the new United States, drawing on influences from his travels in Italy, as well as British and French Neoclassical architects such as Claude Nicolas Ledoux. In his thirties, he emigrated to the new United States and designed the United States Capitol, on "Capitol Hill" in Washington, D.C., as well as the Old Baltimore Cathedral or The Baltimore Basilica, (later renamed the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary). It is the first Cathedral constructed in the United States for any Christian denomination. Latrobe also designed the largest structure in America at the time, the "Merchants' Exchange" in Baltimore. With extensive balconied atriums through the wings and a large central rotunda under a low dome which dominated the city, it was completed in 1820 after five years of work and endured into the early twentieth century.Latrobe emigrated in 1796, initially settling in Virginia where he worked on the Virginia State Penitentiary in Richmond. Latrobe then moved to Philadelphia where he established his practice. In 1803, he was hired as Surveyor of the Public Buildings of the United States, and spent much of the next fourteen years working on projects in the new national capital of Washington, D.C., (in the newly-laid out Federal capital of the District of Columbia) where he served as the second Architect of the Capitol. He also was responsible for the design of the White House porticos. Latrobe spent the later years of his life in New Orleans, Louisiana working on a waterworks project, and died there in 1820 from yellow fever.
<Beitar_Jerusalem_F.C.>	Beitar Jerusalem Football Club (Hebrew: מועדון כדורגל בית"ר ירושלים, romanized: Moadon Kaduregel Beitar Yerushalayim), commonly known as Beitar Jerusalem (בית"ר ירושלים) or simply as Beitar (בית"ר), is an Israeli football club based in the city of Jerusalem, that plays in the Israeli Premier League, the top tier in Israeli football. The club has traditionally worn kit colours of yellow and black. The team has played its home matches in Teddy Stadium. The stadium is the largest stadium in Israel with a capacity of 31,733.The club is one of the most popular in Israel and is among the Israeli clubs with the highest number of fans in the country.  The club was founded in 1936 by Shmuel Kirschstein and David Horn, who chaired the Betar branch in Jerusalem. Several team members were also part of the outlawed Irgun and Lehi militias closely associated with the right-wing Revisionist Zionism movement.  Beitar's fans have become a highly controversial political symbol in Israeli football culture, unofficially aligned with the Revisionist Zionist movement and to the right-wing Likud party. The club, whose fanbase is notorious for its anti-Arab racism and anti-Muslim religious bigotry, remains the only one in the Israel Premier League to have never signed an Arab player, although the club signed four non-Arab Muslim players in the past.
<James_Horner>	James Roy Horner (August 14, 1953 – June 22, 2015) was an American composer. He was known for the integration of choral and electronic elements, and for his frequent use of motifs associated with Celtic music.Horner's first film score was in 1979 for The Lady in Red, but he did not establish himself as an eminent film composer until his work on the 1982 film Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan. His score for James Cameron's Titanic is the best-selling orchestral film soundtrack of all time. He also wrote the score for the highest-grossing film of all time, Cameron's Avatar. Horner also scored other notable films including Star Trek III: The Search for Spock (1984), The Name of the Rose (1986), Aliens (1986), Willow (1988), Field of Dreams (1989), Honey, I Shrunk the Kids (1989), The Rocketeer (1991), Braveheart (1995), The Mask of Zorro (1998), Deep Impact (1998), A Beautiful Mind (2001) and The Amazing Spider-Man (2012).
<George_Foley>	George James Foley (28 November 1872 – 27 October 1945) was an Australian politician from Western Australia. He was the member for the Western Australian seat of Mount Leonora from 1911 until 1920, initially for the Labor Party until 1917 when he joined the National Labor Party. He then entered the Federal House of Representatives as the Nationalist member for the seat of Kalgoorlie, which he held until 1922.Foley was born in Walhalla on the Victorian goldfields to Thomas Foley, a miner and railway employee, and Elizabeth Foley (née Stamp). He was educated at local schools before entering a state training college in Melbourne and gaining employment with a newspaper in Richmond. He moved to Western Australia in 1895 and took up gold mining, becoming part-owner of the Grace Darling mine at Broad Arrow. On 27 January 1902, he married Fannie Gill at the Wesley Church in Kalgoorlie. He joined the Federated Miners Union and served as its Gwalia branch president, and later became president of the North Goldfields Council of the Labor Federation.
<Allison_Munn>	Allison Munn (born October 7, 1974) is an American actress. She played Caroline Dupree in the Fox sitcom That '70s Show, Tina Haven in The WB sitcom What I Like About You, Lauren in The WB/CW drama One Tree Hill, and Anne Harper on the Nickelodeon series Nicky, Ricky, Dicky & Dawn.Munn was born and raised in Columbia, South Carolina. Her father was Russell Munn, a political lobbyist. Munn graduated from AC Flora High School and The College of Charleston. She moved to New York, where she won a role in the Off-Broadway classic The Fantasticks.Munn followed her stage roles with small roles in White Oleander, the film adaptation of  the Janet Fitch novel of the same name, opposite Alison Lohman, Michelle Pfeiffer, Robin Wright-Penn and Renée Zellweger, and in Cameron Crowe's romantic tragicomedy Elizabethtown opposite Orlando Bloom and Kirsten Dunst.
<Mark_Kelly>	Mark Edward Kelly (born February 21, 1964) is an American politician, former astronaut, and United States Navy captain who has served as the junior United States senator from Arizona since 2020. A member of the Democratic Party, he was elected in the special election held following the death of Senator John McCain, defeating incumbent Republican Martha McSally.Kelly flew combat missions during the Gulf War as a naval aviator before being selected as a NASA Space Shuttle pilot in 1996. He flew his first space mission in 2001 as pilot of STS-108, piloted STS-121 in 2006, and commanded STS-124 in 2008 and STS-134 in 2011, the final mission of Space Shuttle Endeavour. His identical twin, Scott Kelly, is also a retired astronaut; they are the only siblings to have both traveled into orbit.
<Sheffield_Cathedral>	The Cathedral Church of St Peter and St Paul, Sheffield, more commonly known as Sheffield Cathedral, is the cathedral church for the Church of England diocese of Sheffield, England. Originally a parish church, it was elevated to cathedral status when the diocese was created in 1914. Sheffield Cathedral is one of five Grade I listed buildings in the city, along with the Town Hall, Abbeydale Industrial Hamlet, and the parish churches at Ecclesfield and Bradfield.The cathedral is located on Church Street in the city centre, close to the head of Fargate. Construction of the earliest section of the cathedral dates back to c. 1200, with the newest construction completed in 1966; the building is an unusual mixture of medieval and modern architecture. Cathedral tram stop, located outside the front churchyard, opened in 1994 and is today served by all four lines of the Sheffield Supertram network. Most recently, the cathedral underwent an interior and exterior refurbishment in 2013–2014.
<London_Borough_of_Merton>	The London Borough of Merton (/ˈmɜːtən/ (listen)) is a borough in Southwest London, England.The borough was formed under the London Government Act 1963 in 1965 by the merger of the Municipal Borough of Mitcham, the Municipal Borough of Wimbledon and the Merton and Morden Urban District, all formerly within Surrey. The main commercial centres in Merton are Mitcham, Morden and Wimbledon, of which Wimbledon is the largest. Other smaller centres include Raynes Park, Colliers Wood, South Wimbledon, Wimbledon Park and Tooting Broadway. The borough is the host of the Wimbledon tournament, one of tennis's Grand Slam competitions.
<Marie-Hélène_de_Rothschild>	Marie-Hélène Naila Stephanie Josina de Rothschild (pronounced [maʁi elɛn də ʁɔt.ʃild]; November 17, 1927 – March 1, 1996) was a French socialite who became a doyenne of Parisian high-society and was a member of the prominent Rothschild banking family of France.Born Baroness Marie-Hélène Naila Stephanie Josina van Zuylen van Nyevelt van de Haar in New York City, she was the eldest of the three children of Marguerite Marie Namétalla (1901–1970) and Baron Egmont Van Zuylen van Nyevelt (1890–1960). Her mother was born in Egypt of Syrian-immigrant parents, and her father was a diplomat and businessman of Jewish and Dutch descent. Marie-Hélène's paternal grandmother was Baroness Hélène de Rothschild (1863–1947), the first woman to take part in an international motor race and the daughter of Baron Salomon James de Rothschild.  Marie-Hélène's paternal grandfather was the Dutch Roman Catholic Baron Etienne van Zuylen van Nyevelt (1860–1934) of the House of Van Zuylen van Nievelt.She was educated at Marymount College in Tarrytown, New York and after finishing school she went to Paris.
<Kay_Thompson>	Kay Thompson (born Catherine Louise Fink; November 9, 1909 – July 2, 1998) was an American author, singer, vocal arranger, vocal coach, composer, musician, dancer, actress, and choreographer. She became famous for creating the Eloise children's books and for her role in the movie Funny Face.Thompson was born Catherine Louise Fink in St. Louis, Missouri, in 1909, the second of the four children of Leo George Fink, a Jewish, Austrian-born pawnbroker and jeweler, and his American born wife, Harriet Adelaide "Hattie" Tetrick, a Christian. Thompson's parents were married on November 29, 1905, in East St. Louis, St. Clair County, Illinois.
<Donald_Tusk>	Donald Franciszek Tusk (/tʊsk/ TUUSK, Polish: [ˈdɔnalt fraɲˈt͡ɕiʂɛk ˈtusk] (listen); born 22 April 1957) is a Polish politician who was President of the European Council from 2014 to 2019. He served as the 14th Prime Minister of Poland from 2007 to 2014 and was a co-founder and leader of the Civic Platform (Platforma Obywatelska) political party from 2003 to 2014. On 20 November 2019, Tusk was elected as the president of the European People's Party (EPP), Europe's largest transnational political party and on 3 July 2021 he returned to Polish politics by reassuming the leadership of the Civic Platform. Tusk has been involved in Polish politics since the early 1990s, having founded several political parties and held elected office almost continuously since 1991. Tusk was one of the co-founders of the free-market-orientated Liberal Democratic Congress party. He entered the Sejm (lower chamber of Poland's parliament) in 1991, but lost his seat in the 1993 election which went badly for the Congress.
<Robert_Culp>	Robert Martin Culp (August 16, 1930 – March 24, 2010) was an American actor widely known for his work in television. Culp earned an international reputation for his role as Kelly Robinson on I Spy (1965–1968), the espionage television series in which co-star Bill Cosby and he played secret agents. Before this, he starred in the CBS/Four Star Western series Trackdown as Texas Ranger Hoby Gilman in 71 episodes from 1957 to 1959. The 1980s brought him back to television as FBI Agent Bill Maxwell on The Greatest American Hero. Later, he had a recurring role as Warren Whelan on Everybody Loves Raymond. Culp gave hundreds of performances in a career spanning more than 50 years.Culp was born on August 16, 1930, in either Oakland, California, or Berkeley, California. He was the only child of Crozier Cordell Culp, an attorney, and his wife, Bethel Martin Culp (née Collins). He graduated from Berkeley High School, where he was a pole vaulter and took second place at the 1947 CIF California State Meet.
<Robert_Speechly>	Robert Kelfull Speechly (17 September 1840 – 17 September 1884) was a 19th-century British architect.Speechly was born in 1840 in Whittlesey, Cambridgeshire, the son of Thomas Kelfull Speechly and Sarah, née Bellars, and a younger brother of John Speechly, later Bishop of Travancore and Cochin.  He was educated at Oundle School and, from 1855 to 1860, articled to Henry Dawson of London. His drawings from 1857 suggest that he toured Italy during this period. Early work included supervising installation of stained glass windows to the memory of Sir Harry Smith at St Mary's Church, Whittlesey in December 1862, design of the porch of St Mary's Church, Higham, Kent in 1863 and as William Slater's assistant on reconstruction of the central tower of Chichester Cathedral. He became a Member of the Royal Institute of British Architects in 1864.Speechly was sent to Christchurch, New Zealand in 1864 by Sir George Gilbert Scott as resident architect to supervise the building of the new ChristChurch Cathedral. The Cathedral Commission's decision not to accept Scott's advice and appoint Speechly, rather than the leading local architect, Benjamin Mountfort (1825–1898), led to an intense debate in the Christchurch newspapers. When lack of money halted construction of the cathedral in late 1865, Speechly completed his four-year contract in New Zealand as architect to the Anglican Church Property Trustees, supervising all buildings undertaken by them. He was involved in the design of a number of churches, houses and schools in the Canterbury settlement, assisted by his pupil, and then partner, William Fitzjohn Crisp. These included Christ's College Chapel (1867), St Mary's Church, Merivale (1866), St Mary's Church, Addington (1867), St John's Parsonage (1866) and St Luke's Vicarage (1867–1868).
<Rove_McManus>	John Henry Michael McManus (born 21 January 1974), better known by the stage name Rove McManus, is an Australian triple Gold Logie award-winning comedian, television and radio presenter, producer and media personality. He was the host of the eponymous variety show Rove and was also the host of the comedy talk show Rove LA. He is the co-owner of the production company Roving Enterprises with business partner Craig Campbell. He hosts Whovians on the ABC.McManus was born in Perth, Western Australia, to John and Coralie McManus. McManus attended Orana Catholic Primary School before going through grades 8–12 at Corpus Christi College. He acquired the nickname "Rove" as a child, from his sister.
<Still_Alice_(novel)>	Still Alice is a 2007 novel by Lisa Genova, a neuroscientist and author. The novel is about a woman who suffers early-onset Alzheimer's disease. Alice Howland, a 50-year-old woman, is a cognitive psychology professor at Harvard University and is a world-renowned linguistics expert. She is married to an equally successful husband, and they have three grown children. The disease takes hold swiftly, and it changes Alice's relationship with her family and the world. It is Genova's first novel.Genova self-published the book in 2007 with iUniverse. Beverly Beckham of The Boston Globe wrote, "After I read Still Alice I wanted to stand up and tell a train full of strangers, 'You have to get this book.'" Beckham notes that the story is told from the inside: "This is Alice Howland's story, for as long as she can tell it."The book was later acquired by Simon & Schuster and published in January 2009 by Pocket Books (now Gallery Books). It was on The New York Times best seller list for more than 40 weeks. It has been sold in 30 countries and translated into more than 20 languages.
<New_Progressive_Party_(South_Korea)>	The New Progressive Party (Korean: 진보신당; Hanja: 進步新黨; RR: Jinbosindang; MR: Chinbosintang; NPP) was a political party in South Korea. The New Progressive Party was established by a number of Democratic Labor Party members (known as 'People's Democracy Faction') who left the party in reaction to the dominating Minjokhaebang factions.The first party president was Roh Hoe-chan, who was elected at the 2004 Parliamentary election as a member of the Democratic Labor Party.The NPP failed to take seats in the National Assembly in the 2008 general election, despite Roh Hoe-chan being expected to win a seat, being that he was winning in most of the pre-vote surveys.
<Enrico_Coen>	Enrico Sandro Coen CBE FRS (born 29 September 1957) is a British biologist who studies the mechanisms used by plants to create complex and varied flower structures. Coen's research has aimed to define the developmental rules that govern flower and leaf growth at both the cellular level and throughout the whole plant to better understand evolution. He has combined molecular, genetic and imaging studies with population and ecological models and computational analysis to understand flower development.Enrico Coen´s father was a physicist and his mother was a chemist. Coen developed an interest in biology at age 15 after reading a biochemistry book entitled "The Chemistry of Life". Drawn to abstract analysis, he was undecided whether to pursue chemistry or genetics, and ultimately decided for genetics because lectures began later and there was "coffee for exams".
<Kistler_Prize>	The Kistler Prize (1999-2011) was awarded annually to recognize original contributions "to the understanding of the connection between human heredity and human society," and was named after its benefactor, physicist and inventor Walter Kistler. The prize was awarded by the Foundation For the Future and it included a cash award of US$100,000 and a 200-gram gold medallion.The recipients have been:The Walter P. Kistler Book Award was established in 2003 to recognize authors of science books that "significantly increase the knowledge and understanding of the public regarding subjects that will shape the future of our species." The award includes a cash prize of US$10,000 and is formally presented in ceremonies that are open to the public.
<The_Bacchae>	The Bacchae (/ˈbækiː/; Greek: Βάκχαι, Bakchai; also known as The Bacchantes /ˈbækənts, bəˈkænts, -ˈkɑːnts/) is an ancient Greek tragedy, written by the Athenian playwright Euripides during his final years in Macedonia, at the court of Archelaus I of Macedon. It premiered posthumously at the Theatre of Dionysus in 405 BC as part of a tetralogy that also included Iphigeneia at Aulis and Alcmaeon in Corinth, and which Euripides' son or nephew is assumed to have directed. It won first prize in the City Dionysia festival competition.The tragedy is based on the Greek myth of King Pentheus of Thebes and his mother Agave, and their punishment by the god Dionysus (who is Pentheus's cousin). The god Dionysus appears at the beginning of the play and proclaims that he has arrived in Thebes to avenge the slander, which has been repeated by his aunts, that he is not the son of Zeus. In response, he intends to introduce Dionysian rites into the city, and he intends to demonstrate to the king, Pentheus, and to Thebes that he was indeed born a god. At the end of the play, Pentheus is torn apart by the women of Thebes and his mother Agave bears his head on a pike to her father Cadmus.The Bacchae is considered to be not only one of Euripides's greatest tragedies, but also one of the greatest ever written, modern or ancient. The Bacchae is distinctive in that the chorus is integrated into the plot and the god is not a distant presence, but a character in the play, indeed, the protagonist.
<Hertha_BSC>	Hertha, Berliner Sport-Club e. V., commonly known as Hertha BSC (German pronunciation: [ˈhɛʁtaː beː ʔɛs t͡seː]), and sometimes referred to as Hertha Berlin, Hertha BSC Berlin, or simply Hertha, is a German professional football club based in the locality of Westend of the borough of Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf of Berlin. Hertha BSC plays in the Bundesliga, the top tier of German football. Hertha BSC was founded in 1892, and was a founding member of the German Football Association in Leipzig in 1900.The team won the German championship in 1930 and 1931. Since 1963, Hertha's stadium has been the Olympiastadion. The club is known as Die Alte Dame in German, which translates to "The Old Lady". In 2002, the sports activities of the professional, amateur, and under-19 teams were separated into Hertha BSC GmbH & Co. KGaA.
<The_Territorial_Imperative>	The Territorial Imperative: A Personal Inquiry Into the Animal Origins of Property and Nations is a 1966 nonfiction book by American writer Robert Ardrey. It describes the evolutionarily determined instinct among humans toward territoriality and the implications of this territoriality in human meta-phenomena such as property ownership and nation building. The Territorial Imperative was an immediate success and remains a widely influential work of popular science. It extended Ardrey's groundbreaking anthropological work, contributed to the development of the science of ethology, and encouraged an increasing public interest in human origins.The Territorial Imperative is the second book in Ardrey's Nature of Man Series; it is preceded by African Genesis (1961) and followed by The Social Contract (1970) and The Hunting Hypothesis (1976). It was illustrated by Ardrey's wife, the South African actress and illustrator Berdine Ardrey (née Grunewald). Ardrey dedicated The Territorial Imperative to Henry Eliot Howard, who was noted for being one of the first to describe in detail the territorial behaviors of birds.The Territorial Imperative develops the theses originally introduced in African Genesis: A Personal Investigation into the Animal Origins and Nature of Man, which was published five years earlier. In African Genesis, Ardrey posited that man originated in Africa instead of Asia, that he is driven by inherited instincts to acquire land and defend territory, and that the development of weapons was a fundamental turning point in his evolution. The Territorial Imperative further explores these ideas with a special emphasis on man's distinct preoccupation with the concept of territory. It goes on to elucidate the role that inherited evolutionary instinct, particularly the so-called "territorial imperative", plays in modern human society in phenomena such as property ownership and nation building.
<Staten_Island>	Staten Island  (/ˈstætən/ STAT-ən)  is a borough of New York City, coextensive with Richmond County, in the U.S. state of New York. Located in the city's southwest portion, the borough is separated from New Jersey by the Arthur Kill and the Kill Van Kull and from the rest of New York by New York Bay. With a population of 495,747 in the 2020 Census, Staten Island is the least populated borough but the third largest in land area at 58.5 sq mi (152 km2).A home to the Lenape indigenous people, the island was settled by Dutch colonists in the 17th century. It was one of the 12 original counties of New York state. Staten Island was consolidated with New York City in 1898. It was formally known as the Borough of Richmond until 1975, when its name was changed to Borough of Staten Island. Staten Island has sometimes been called "the forgotten borough" by inhabitants who feel neglected by the city government.
<Svante_Pääbo>	Svante Pääbo ForMemRS (Swedish: [ˈsvânːtɛ̂ ˈpʰɛ̌ːbʊ̂]; born 20 April 1955) is a Swedish geneticist who specialises in the field of evolutionary genetics. As one of the founders of paleogenetics, he has worked extensively on the Neanderthal genome. In 1997, he became founding director of the Department of Genetics at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig, Germany. Since 1999, he has been an honorary professor at Leipzig University; he currently teaches molecular evolutionary biology at the university. He is also an adjunct professor at Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology, Japan.In 2022, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine "for his discoveries concerning the genomes of extinct hominins and human evolution".
<Ian_Graham_Gass>	Ian Graham Gass, FRS, geologist, was Professor of Earth Sciences and Head of Discipline at the Open University, Milton Keynes and he was President of the IAVCEI (1983–87). He was married to Mary Pearce (1955, one son, one daughter).At the close of the 1960s, a scientific revolution occurred changing the static Geology into a dynamic Earth Science. By showing that the Troödos Mountains, Cyprus is a remnant of seafloor spreading, Ian Gass collaborated in that transformation.
<Dan_David_Prize>	The Dan David Prize is a major international award that recognizes and supports outstanding contributions to the study of history and other disciplines that shed light on the human past. It awards nine prizes of $300,000 each year to outstanding early- and mid-career scholars and practitioners in the historical disciplines. The Prize has an annual purse of $3 million, making it the largest history award in the world, with the remaining $300,000 funding an international postdoctoral fellowship program at Tel Aviv University, where the Prize is headquartered. The Prize is endowed by the Dan David Foundation.Until 2021 the Prize awarded 3 annual prizes of $1 million for innovative and interdisciplinary research in three time dimensions: Past, Present and Future. Prize laureates donated 10 percent of their prize money to doctoral scholarships for outstanding Ph.D. students and postdoctoral scholarships in their own field from around the world.
<Fiat_Barchetta>	The Fiat Barchetta (Italian pronunciation: [ˈfiːat barˈketta]; Type 183) is a roadster produced by the Italian manufacturer Fiat from 1995 to 2006. Barchetta in Italian means "little boat", and also denotes a type of open-top sports car body style.The Barchetta was developed between 1990 and 1994 under the project name Tipo B Spider 176. It was designed by Andreas Zapatinas and Alessandro Cavazza, under the supervision of Peter Barrett Davis and other car designers at the Centro Stile Fiat, and prototyping was carried out by Stola.
<Mozelle_Britton>	Inehart Mozelle Britton (May 2, 1912 – May 18, 1953) was an American actress, casting director, newspaper columnist, and songwriter. She was sometimes billed as Mozelle Brittonne.Britton was the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. A. V. Britton, and she graduated from Classen High School. She was wed on June 28, 1933.On Broadway, billed as Mozelle Brittone, she portrayed May in Alley Cat (1934) and Linda Roberts in Separate Rooms (1940).
<Alec_Jeffreys>	Sir Alec John Jeffreys, CH FRS MAE (born 9 January 1950) is a British geneticist known for developing techniques for genetic fingerprinting and DNA profiling which are now used worldwide in forensic science to assist police detective work and to resolve paternity and immigration disputes. He is Professor of Genetics at the University of Leicester, and he became an honorary freeman of the City of Leicester on 26 November 1992. In 1994, he was knighted for services to genetics.Jeffreys was born into a middle-class family in Oxford, where he spent the first six years of his life until 1956 when the family moved to Luton, Bedfordshire. He attributes his curiosity and inventiveness to having been gained from his father, as well as his paternal grandfather, who held a number of patents. When he was eight, his father gave him a chemistry set, which he enhanced over the next few years with extra chemicals, even including a small bottle of sulphuric acid. He says he liked making small explosions, but an accidental splash of the sulphuric acid caused a burn, which left a permanent scar on his chin (now under his beard). His father also bought him a Victorian-era brass microscope, which he used to examine biological specimens. At about 12, he made a small dissecting kit (including a scalpel, crafted from a flattened pin) which he used to dissect a bumblebee, but he got into trouble with his parents when he progressed to dissecting a larger specimen. One Sunday morning he found a deceased cat on the road while doing his paper round and took it home in his bag. He relates that he started to dissect it on the dining room table before Sunday lunch, causing a foul smell throughout the house after he ruptured its intestines.
<Compañía_Española_de_Petróleos>	Compañía Española de Petróleos, S.A.U. (Spanish Petroleum Company), commonly known as Cepsa, is a Spanish multinational oil and gas company. It operates in several European countries as well as in Algeria, Canada, Colombia, Morocco, Brazil, and Panama. The company currently produces around 260,000 barrels per day (41,000 m3/d) and has a refining capacity in three refineries of 21 million tonnes/year.Cepsa was founded in 1929 as a private company led by Francisco Recasens, with its first refinery located at Tenerife in the Canary Islands. Because of the CAMPSA state monopoly of fuel distribution, Cepsa sold its production to that company. It expanded to lubricant production in 1950 and petrochemical products in 1955. In 1964 it opened a factory in Portugal, and in 1967 it added a second refinery at San Roque de Cádiz. After relaxations of the state monopoly, Cepsa bought a portion of Campsa petrol stations in 1992.In 1988, Abu Dhabi's International Petroleum Investment Company (IPIC) bought a 10% stake of Cepsa. Later Elf Aquitaine bought  a 20% stake, and Cepsa became a publicly traded company in 1989. Cepsa bought a third refinery in Huelva in 1991, and entered the liquefied petroleum gas market in 1998. The company expanded to the United Kingdom, Netherlands, Canada, Algeria, Brazil, Colombia and Peru. In 2011 IPIC bought the full company for 267 million euros.
<William_Alexander_Graham>	William Alexander Graham (September 5, 1804 – August 11, 1875) was a United States senator from North Carolina from 1840 to 1843, a senator later in the Confederate States Senate from 1864 to 1865, the 30th governor of North Carolina from 1845 to 1849 and U.S. secretary of the Navy from 1850 to 1852, under President Millard Fillmore. He was the Whig Party nominee for vice-president in 1852 on a ticket with General Winfield Scott.Graham was born at Vesuvius Furnace near Lincolnton, North Carolina. His Scots-Irish grandfather James Graham (1714–1763) was born in Drumbo, County Down, Northern Ireland and settled in Chester County in the Province of Pennsylvania. 
<Belfast>	Belfast (/ˈbɛlfæst/ BEL-fast, /-fɑːst/ -⁠fahst; from Irish: Béal Feirste [bʲeːlˠ ˈfʲɛɾˠ(ə)ʃtʲə], meaning 'mouth of the sand-bank ford') is the capital and largest city of Northern Ireland, standing on the banks of the River Lagan on the east coast. It is the 12th-largest city in the United Kingdom and the second-largest in Ireland. It had a population of 345,418 in 2021[update].By the early 19th century, Belfast was a major port. It played an important role in the Industrial Revolution in Ireland, becoming briefly the biggest linen-producer in the world, earning it the nickname "Linenopolis". By the time it was granted city status in 1888, it was a major centre of Irish linen production, tobacco-processing and rope-making. Shipbuilding was also a key industry; the Harland and Wolff shipyard, which built the RMS Titanic, was the world's largest shipyard. Belfast as of 2019[update] has a major aerospace and missiles industry. Industrialisation, and the inward migration it brought, made Belfast Northern Ireland's biggest city. Following the partition of Ireland in 1921, Belfast became the seat of government for Northern Ireland. Belfast's status as a global industrial centre ended in the decades after the Second World War. Belfast suffered greatly during the violence that accompanied the partition of Ireland, and especially during the more recent conflict known as the Troubles.
<Alessio_Cerci>	Alessio Cerci (Italian pronunciation: [aˈlɛssjo ˈtʃɛrtʃi];[citation needed] born 23 July 1987) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a winger.Cerci started his professional football career at Roma, playing four times for the first team before serving periods on loan at Brescia, Pisa and Atalanta. He returned to Roma in 2009, where he sporadically played under Claudio Ranieri and was sold to Fiorentina in August 2010. After two seasons in Florence, he transferred to Torino in June 2012. In September 2014, he was sold to Atlético Madrid, before returning to Italy to play for Milan and Genoa.
<John_Forrest>	Sir John Forrest GCMG (22 August 1847 – 2 September 1918) was an Australian explorer and politician. He was the first premier of Western Australia (1890–1901) and a long-serving cabinet minister in federal politics.Forrest was born in Bunbury, Western Australia, to Scottish immigrant parents. He was the colony's first locally born surveyor, coming to public notice in 1869 when he led an expedition into the interior in search of Ludwig Leichhardt. The following year, Forrest accomplished the first land crossing from Perth to Adelaide across the Nullarbor Plain. His third expedition in 1874 travelled from Geraldton to Adelaide through the centre of Australia. Forrest's expeditions were characterised by a cautious, well-planned approach and diligent record-keeping. He received the Patron's Medal of the Royal Geographical Society in 1876.
<Jorge_Madureira>	Jorge Manuel Catarino Madureira (born 5 February 1976) is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a central midfielder.Born in Matosinhos, Madureira joined FC Porto's youth system at the age of 10. In the 1993–94 season he made his debut with the first team, starting in a 0–0 home draw against S.C. Beira-Mar on 2 June 1994 in what would be his only competitive appearance.
<Sewall_Wright>	Sewall Green Wright FRS(For) Honorary FRSE (December 21, 1889 – March 3, 1988) was an American geneticist known for his influential work on evolutionary theory and also for his work on path analysis. He was a founder of population genetics alongside Ronald Fisher and J. B. S. Haldane, which was a major step in the development of the modern synthesis combining genetics with evolution. He discovered the inbreeding coefficient and methods of computing it in pedigree animals. He extended this work to populations, computing the amount of inbreeding between members of populations as a result of random genetic drift, and along with Fisher he pioneered methods for computing the distribution of gene frequencies among populations as a result of the interaction of natural selection, mutation, migration and genetic drift. Wright also made major contributions to mammalian and biochemical genetics.Sewall Wright was born in Melrose, Massachusetts to Philip Green Wright and Elizabeth Quincy Sewall Wright. His parents were first cousins, an interesting fact in light of Wright's later research on inbreeding. The family moved three years later after Philip accepted a teaching job at Lombard College, a Universalist college in Galesburg, Illinois.
<Hong_Sehwa>	Hong Sehwa is a South Korean journalist and former New Progressive Party delegate.This biographical article about a South Korean personality is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
<Albacete_Balompié>	Albacete Balompié is a Spanish football team based in Albacete, in the autonomous community of Castile–La Mancha. Founded on 2 August 1940, it currently plays in Segunda División, the second tier of Spanish football, holding home matches at Estadio Carlos Belmonte, with a capacity of 17,524.This team is from Albacete a city in Castilla-La Mancha. It's been reported in at least three sources that football was first taught in Albacete by John Hulse, an English Engineer of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railways Company, establishing the foundation of Locomotoras Albacete, after the same-named steam locomotive factory in the city, owned by the Goicoechea family, owners of Talgo. Thus, like in Swindon, football in Albacete is originally linked to the railway industry. Hulse introduced the Sheffield Rules in Albacete, and some of the first matches to be reported are against recreational clubs from Murcia (1897), Alcázar de San Juan (1899), and Villarrobledo (1899).
<Mario_Bellini>	Mario Bellini (born February 1, 1935 in Milan) is an Italian architect, critic, and designer. He received a degree in architecture from Milan Polytechnic in 1959 and began working as an architect in the early 1960s. Like many other Italian architects of his generation, he is active in the fields of architecture and urban planning, industrial design, product design and furniture design.His designs have won 8 Compasso d’Oro awards, and he has received awards including the Gold Medal for Architecture at the 2015 Milan Triennale, and a "Medaglia d’Oro" conferred on him by the President of the Italian Republic.Bellini became a consultant for Olivetti in 1963, where he worked on the design of the Programma 101, a precursor to the desktop computer. He continued to collaborate with Olivetti throughout the 1970s and 1980s, during which time he was involved in the design of many of the companies iconic products, such as the Lexicon 82 Electric Typewriter, and the Divisumma 28 Electronic Printing Calculator.
<Bejeweled_2>	Bejeweled 2 (also referred as Bejeweled 2 Deluxe in some releases) is a tile-matching puzzle video game developed and published by PopCap Games. Released as a sequel to Bejeweled, Bejeweled 2 introduces new game mechanics such as Special Gems and extra game modes, along with new visuals and sounds.The game was originally released on November 5, 2004, and has been ported to several platforms following its release, including game consoles, smartphones and in-flight entertainment services.
<James_B._Donovan>	James Britt Donovan (February 29, 1916 – January 19, 1970) was an American lawyer and United States Navy officer in the Office of Scientific Research and Development and the Office of Strategic Services (OSS, predecessor of the Central Intelligence Agency), ultimately becoming general counsel of the OSS, and an international diplomatic negotiator.Donovan is widely known for negotiating the 1960–1962 exchange of captured American U-2 pilot Francis Gary Powers and American student Frederic Pryor for Soviet spy Rudolf Abel, and for negotiating the 1962 release and return of 9,703 prisoners held by Cuba after the failed Bay of Pigs Invasion. Donovan was portrayed by Tom Hanks in the 2015 feature film Bridge of Spies.
<The_Power_of_Now>	The Power of Now: A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment is a book by Eckhart Tolle. It presents itself as a discussion about how people interact with themselves and others. The concept of self reflection and presence in the moment are presented along with simple exercises for the achievement of its principles.Published in the late 1990s, the book was recommended by Oprah Winfrey and has been translated into 33 languages. As of 2009, it was estimated that three million copies had been sold in North America.The book  draws from a variety of spiritual traditions, and one reviewer described it as "Buddhism mixed with mysticism and a few references to Jesus Christ, a sort of New Age re-working of Zen." It uses these traditions to describe a "belief system based on living in the present moment". Its core message is that people's emotional problems are rooted in their identification with their minds. The author writes that an individual should be aware of their present moment instead of losing themselves in worry and anxiety about the past or future.According to the book, only the present moment is real and only the present moment matters, and both an individual's past and future are created by their thoughts. The author maintains that people's insistence that they have control of their life is an illusion "that only brings pain". The book also describes methods of relaxation and meditation to help readers anchor themselves in the present. These suggestions include slowing down by avoiding multi-tasking, spending time in nature, and letting go of worries about the future. Some of the concepts contained in The Power of Now, such as the human ego and its negative effects on happiness, are further elaborated in the author's later books, especially A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose (2005).
<Cadillac_Fairview>	The Cadillac Fairview Corporation Limited is a Canadian company that invests in, owns, and manages commercial real estate, mainly in Canada and the United States. As of March 2017, the company had 73 properties, encompassing 38 million square feet, worth over $29 billion.  As of September 2017, Cadillac Fairview's portfolio consisted of 60% Canadian retail (mainly major shopping centres) and 26% Canadian office buildings. Cadillac Fairview is wholly owned by the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan.The name "Cadillac Fairview" came into existence in 1974 as a result of the merger between Cadillac Development Corporation Ltd and Fairview Corporation. Cadillac Development Corporation was founded by partners Ephraim Diamond (d. 2008), Joseph Berman (1922-2003), and Jack Kamin in Toronto in 1953 as a developers of high-rise apartment buildings. Fairview Corporation was established in 1958 as the real estate division of Cemp Investments, the holding company of the Bronfman family. Before merging, Cadillac and Fairview already had strong ties since 1968. Bronfman-held Cemp Investments sold Cadillac Fairview in 1986.[citation needed]The company was purchased by the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan in March 2000. In 2006 it expanded its operations to Brazil by buying 46 percent of Multiplan Emprendimentos Imobiliarios SA, a Brazilian shopping center manager worth more than $1 billion.  In 2013, it was tried under private prosecution by EcoJustice for causing hundreds of birds to die due to the glass panes at one of its Toronto office buildings. It won the case.  In 2012, Cadillac Fairview bought out the leases of Sears Canada in five stores for $400 million, including the lease of the flagship Sears at Toronto Eaton Centre.  Many of the former Sears locations, including the one at Eaton Centre, became Nordstrom.  In 2014, it purchased the Toronto flagship store of Hudson's Bay Company for $650 million.
<The_Mambo_Kings_Play_Songs_of_Love>	The Mambo Kings Play Songs of Love is a 1989 novel by Oscar Hijuelos.It is about the lives of two Cuban brothers and musicians, Cesar and Nestor Castillo, who immigrate to the United States and settle in New York City in the early 1950s.The novel won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1990, being the first novel by a United States-born Hispanic to do so. It was the basis for a 1992 motion picture, The Mambo Kings, as well as a musical in 2005.
<Eamonn_O'Keefe>	Eamonn Gerard O'Keefe (born 13 October 1953) is an English-born Irish former professional footballer. He played as a forward, but in later years was moved into a midfield role.He moved from non-league Stalybridge Celtic to Plymouth Argyle, and back into the non-league scene with Hyde United in 1975. The next year he moved to Saudi Arabia to play for Al-Hilal, before returning to England in 1976 to sign with Mossley. His 1978–79 Northern Premier League success at the club won him a move to Everton in 1979, before he was sold on to Wigan Athletic in 1982, who were on the verge of promotion into the Third Division. He switched to Port Vale the next year, before penning a deal with Blackpool in 1985. His goals took the club out of the Fourth Division in 1984–85. In 1987, he was appointed player-manager at Cork City, where he won the Munster Senior Cup and League of Ireland Cup in 1988. He moved to Chester City in 1989, after a spell with St Patrick's Athletic. He joined Bangor City the next year, before retiring in 1991.
<Richard_Marx>	Richard Noel Marx (born September 16, 1963) is an American adult contemporary and pop rock singer-songwriter. He has sold over 30 million albums worldwide.Marx's self-titled debut album went triple-platinum in 1987, and his first single, "Don't Mean Nothing", reached number three on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. Between 1987 and 1994, he had 14 top 20 hits, including three number one singles.Marx is the only male artist in history to have his first seven singles reach the top 5 of the Billboard charts. He has scored a total of 14 number one singles, both as a performer and as a songwriter/producer. As a singer, his No. 1 hits include "Right Here Waiting", "Hold On to the Nights", "Endless Summer Nights", and "Satisfied". According to Billboard, Marx "holds the distinction of having written songs that have hit No. 1 on various Billboard charts in each of the last four decades."
<Logic_Works>	Logic Works Inc. was a software company created by CEO Benjamin C. Cohen based in Princeton, New Jersey. Their flagship product was an IDEF1X modeling and database design toolcalled ERwin (ERwin) whose name is formed from an initialism of ER for Entity Relationship and "win", short for windows.  The company also produced BPwin (for business process modeling using IDEF0), ModelMart and TestBytes.The company went public in October 1995 with an IPO of 3.2 million shares at $11, and was traded on the NASDAQ under the symbol LGWX until its eventual sale. In 1998, Logic Works was acquired by Platinum Technology for $174.8 million in stock, which was in turn acquired by Computer Associates the next year. In 2016, erwin, Inc. was launched as an independent company.
<Kathy_Najimy>	Kathy Ann Najimy (/nəˈdʒɪmi/ nə-JIM-ee; Arabic: كاثي ان نجيمي; born February 6, 1957) is an American actress and activist. She is best known for her roles in the films Soapdish (1991), Sister Act (1992), Hocus Pocus (1993), Hope Floats (1998), The Wedding Planner (2001), Rat Race (2001), and  Hocus Pocus 2 (2022), as well as her portrayal of Olive Massery on the NBC sitcom Veronica's Closet (1997–2000) and for voicing Peggy Hill on the animated television series King of the Hill (1997–2010).She also starred in Disney and Pixar's Academy Award winning film WALL-E (2008),  Step Up 3D (2010), The Guilt Trip (2012), Tyler Perry's A Madea Christmas (2013), A Christmas Melody (2015), Dumplin' (2018), Music (2021), and Single All the Way (2021).
<Luke_Bullen>	Luke Bullen (born 9 February 1973 in Norwich, England) is an English drummer and percussionist. Bullen studied at London drum school Drumtech and joined the band Addict in 1995; the band was signed to V2 Records in 1996. Bullen left Addict in 2000 and formed Zanderman with Addict's lead singer Mark Aston.In 2001, Bullen joined Joe Strummer and The Mescaleros to promote the newly released album Global A Go-Go. He performed drums for Scottish singer-songwriter KT Tunstall, and was romantically involved with the singer.On Christmas Day, 2007, Bullen proposed to Tunstall, and the couple were married on the Isle of Skye on 6 September 2008. However, they separated in 2012, and in May 2013 they were divorced.
<Dhaka>	Dhaka (/ˈdɑːkə/ DAH-kə or /ˈdækə/ DAK-ə; Bengali: ঢাকা, romanized: Ḍhākā, Bengali pronunciation: [ˈɖʱaka]), formerly known as Dacca, is the capital and largest city of Bangladesh, as well as the world's largest Bengali-speaking city. It is the eighth largest and sixth most densely populated city in the world with a population of 8.9 million residents as of 2011, and a population of over 21.7 million residents in the Greater Dhaka Area. According to a Demographia survey, Dhaka has the most densely populated built-up urban area in the world, and is popularly described as such in the news media.Dhaka is one of the major cities of South Asia and a major global Muslim-majority city. Dhaka ranks 39th in the world and 3rd in South Asia in terms of urban GDP. As part of the Bengal delta, the city is bounded by the Buriganga River, Turag River, Dhaleshwari River and Shitalakshya River.The area of Dhaka has been inhabited since the first millennium. An early modern city developed from the 17th century as a provincial capital and commercial centre of the Mughal Empire. Dhaka was the capital of a proto-industrialised Mughal Bengal for 75 years (1608–39 and 1660–1704). It was the hub of the muslin trade in Bengal and one of the most prosperous cities in the world. The Mughal city was named Jahangirnagar (City of Jahangir) in honour of the erstwhile ruling emperor Jahangir. The city's wealthy Mughal elite included princes and the sons of Mughal emperors. The pre-colonial city's glory peaked in the 17th and 18th centuries when it was home to merchants from across Eurasia. The Port of Dhaka was a major trading post for both riverine and seaborne trade. The Mughals decorated the city with well-laid gardens, tombs, mosques, palaces and forts. The city was once called the Venice of the East. Under British rule, the city saw the introduction of electricity, railways, cinemas, Western-style universities and colleges and a modern water supply. It became an important administrative and educational centre in the British Raj, as the capital of Eastern Bengal and Assam province after 1905. In 1947, after the end of British rule, the city became the administrative capital of East Pakistan. It was declared the legislative capital of Pakistan in 1962. In 1971, after the Liberation War, it became the capital of independent Bangladesh. In 2008, Dhaka celebrated 400 years as a municipal city.
<Lauren_Manning>	Lauren Manning (born Lauren Grace-Forshay Pritchard; 1961) is an American author, entrepreneur, and businesswoman. One of the most severely injured survivors of the September 11, 2001, terror attacks, she spent over six months in the hospital during her initial recovery from 82.5% total body burn injuries. Her injuries and recovery were widely documented by national and international press, including extensively by  The New York Times. Manning's story has been the subject of two books, including Manning's New York Times best-selling memoir Unmeasured Strength, which was published in 2011 by Henry Holt and Company.Since the publication of her book, Manning's story has continued to receive widespread press coverage, and in 2013 President Barack Obama went so far as to cite Manning as a personification of American resilience.
<Dorothy_Ayer_Gardner_Ford>	Dorothy Ayer Gardner King Ford (February 27, 1892 – September 17, 1967) was the mother of U.S. President Gerald Ford.Dorothy Ayer Gardner was born in the small town of Harvard, Illinois to Levi Addison Gardner, a businessman and one-time mayor, and Adele Augusta (Ayer) Gardner.There she married her first husband, wool trader Leslie Lynch King of Omaha, Nebraska, on September 7, 1912. She met him while she was in college, as he was the charming brother of her roommate.
<Vidal_Sassoon>	Vidal Sassoon CBE (17 January 1928 – 9 May 2012) was a British hairstylist, businessman, and philanthropist. He was noted for repopularising a simple, close-cut geometric hairstyle called the bob cut, worn by famous fashion designers including Mary Quant and film stars such as Mia Farrow, Goldie Hawn, Cameron Diaz, Nastassja Kinski and Helen Mirren.His early life was one of extreme poverty, with seven years of his childhood spent in an orphanage. He quit school at age 14, soon holding various jobs in London during World War II. Although he hoped to become a professional football player, he became an apprentice hairdresser at the suggestion of his mother.
<Charles_Fahy>	Charles Fahy (August 27, 1892 – September 17, 1979) was an American lawyer and judge who served as the 26th Solicitor General of the United States and later served as a United States circuit judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.Born on August 27, 1892, in Rome, Georgia, Fahy was the son of Thomas and Sarah (Jonas) Fahy. Fahy received an Artium Baccalaureus degree in 1911 from the University of Notre Dame and received a Bachelor of Laws in 1914 from Georgetown Law. He was admitted to the District of Columbia bar the same year. He entered private practice in Washington, D.C. from 1914 to 1924, which included criminal defense in capital cases. He served in the United States Naval Reserve during World War I from August 1917 to January 1919 as a naval aviator attached to the British and American forces. Fahy was awarded the Navy Cross. He served in the United States, England and France and attained the rank of Lieutenant (junior grade). He resumed private practice in Washington, D.C. after the war. He moved his private practice to Santa Fe, New Mexico from 1924 to 1933. He was city attorney for Santa Fe in 1932.Fahy was first assistant solicitor for the United States Department of the Interior in 1933. He was a member of the Petroleum Advisory Board from 1933 to 1935, serving as chairman from 1934 to 1935. He was general counsel for the National Labor Relations Board from 1935 to 1940. He was an Assistant Solicitor General with the United States Department of Justice in 1940. He was a member of the President's Naval and Air Base Commission to London in 1941. He was the 26th Solicitor General of the United States from 1941 to 1945. He was Legal Adviser of the Office of Military Government, United States in Germany from 1945 to 1946. He was adviser to the American delegation to the San Francisco Conference in 1945. He was Legal Adviser of the United States Department of State in 1946. He resumed private practice in Washington, D.C. from 1947 to 1949. He was a member of the Legal Commission of the United Nations General Assembly from 1947 to 1949. He was Chairman of the President's Committee on Equality of Treatment and Opportunity in the Armed Services from 1948 to 1950. He was Chairman of the Personnel Security Review Board of the Atomic Energy Commission in 1949.
<Jack_Park>	John Archibald "Jack" Park (1879–1935) was a Scottish professional golfer. Park placed sixth in the 1899 U.S. Open, held 14–15 September 1899, at Baltimore Country Club in Baltimore, Maryland. Park also finished tied for ninth place in the 1901 U.S. Open held at Myopia Hunt Club and tied for tenth at the 1915 U.S. Open.Park was born in Musselburgh, Scotland, in 1879. He was the son of Willie Park Sr. (1834–1903) and his wife Susanna Park née Law (1837–1922).
<Teri_Hatcher>	Teri Lynn Hatcher (born December 8, 1964) is an American actress best known for her portrayals of Lois Lane on the television series Lois & Clark: The New Adventures of Superman (1993–1997); Paris Carver in the James Bond film Tomorrow Never Dies (1997); and Susan Mayer on the television series Desperate Housewives (2004–2012), for which she won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Musical or Comedy and three Screen Actors Guild Awards (one as lead female actor, two as part of Best Ensemble), and was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series.Hatcher was born on December 8, 1964, in Palo Alto, California, the only child of Esther (née Beshur), a computer programmer who worked for Lockheed Martin, and Owen Walker Hatcher, Jr., a nuclear physicist and electrical engineer. Her father is of English, Welsh and Irish descent (Hatcher has said that he also has Choctaw ancestry), and her mother is of Syrian, Czech and Irish ancestry.
<House_of_Shennib>	The House of Shennib (Arabic: بيت شنيب Bayt Shennib) is one of Libya's prominent families. The House of Shennib includes notable public figures who have played a significant part in 20th century Libyan history: heads of state, ministers, authors and diplomats. The family's history is intrinsically tied with the creation of the State of Libya with members of Bayt Shennib playing prominent roles in the defeat of colonial Italian Libya, the creation of the unified Libyan state after World War II.The most notable members of the family include Omar Faiek Shennib, Ahmed Fouad Shennib, Wanis al-Qaddafi (no relation to Muamar Gaddafi) and Abdul-Aziz Shennib. The historical seat of Bayt Shennib is Derna, Cyrenaica.On April 3, 2013 the family's significant contributions to the Libyan people were publicly recognized by the current Libyan government and their honors restored, if in name only.The area of Bi'r`Ayt Shinnib west of Derna is named after the family.
<American_Institute_of_Architects>	The American Institute of Architects (AIA) is a professional organization for architects in the United States. Headquartered in Washington, D.C., the AIA offers education, government advocacy, community redevelopment, and public outreach to support the architecture profession and improve its public image. The AIA also works with other members of the design and construction community to help coordinate the building industry.The AIA is currently headed by Lakisha Ann Woods, CAE, as EVP/Chief Executive Officer and Dan Hart, FAIA, as 2022 AIA President.
<Washington,_D.C.>	Washington, D.C., formally the District of Columbia, also known as Washington or D.C., is the capital city and federal district of the United States. It is located on the east bank of the Potomac River, which forms its southwestern and southern border with the U.S. state of Virginia, and it shares a land border with the U.S. state of Maryland on its other sides. The city was named for George Washington, a Founding Father and the first president of the United States, and the federal district is named after Columbia, the female personification of the nation. As the seat of the U.S. federal government and several international organizations, the city is an important world political capital. It is one of the most visited cities in the U.S., with over 20 million annual visitors as of 2016. The U.S. Constitution provides for a federal district under the exclusive jurisdiction of Congress; the district is not a part of any U.S. state (nor is it one itself). The signing of the Residence Act on July 16, 1790, approved the creation of the capital district located along the Potomac River near the country's East Coast. The City of Washington was founded in 1791, and Congress held its first session there in 1800. In 1801, the territory, formerly part of Maryland and Virginia (including the settlements of Georgetown and Alexandria), officially became recognized as the federal district. In 1846, Congress returned the land originally ceded by Virginia, including the city of Alexandria; in 1871, it created a single municipal government for the remaining portion of the district. There have been efforts to make the city into a state since the 1880s, a movement that has gained momentum in recent years, and a statehood bill passed the House of Representatives in 2021. The city is divided into quadrants centered on the Capitol, and there are as many as 131 neighborhoods. According to the 2020 census, it has a population of 689,545, which makes it the 23rd most populous city in the U.S. as of 2020, the third most populous city in the Mid-Atlantic, and gives it a population larger than that of two U.S. states: Wyoming and Vermont. Commuters from the surrounding Maryland and Virginia suburbs raise the city's daytime population to more than one million during the workweek. Washington's metropolitan area, the country's sixth largest (including parts of Maryland, Virginia and West Virginia), had a 2020 estimated population of 6.3 million residents; and over 54 million people live within 250 mi (400 km) of the District.
<Russia>	Russia (Russian: Россия, Rossiya, [rɐˈsʲijə]), or the Russian Federation, is a transcontinental country spanning Eastern Europe and Northern Asia. It is the largest country in the world, with its internationally recognised territory covering 17,098,246 square kilometres (6,601,670 sq mi), and encompassing one-eighth of Earth's inhabitable landmass. Russia extends across eleven time zones and shares land boundaries with fourteen countries, more than any other country but China. It is the world's ninth-most populous country and Europe's most populous country, with a population of 146 million people. The country's capital and largest city is Moscow, the largest city entirely within Europe. Saint Petersburg is Russia's cultural centre and second-largest city. Other major urban areas include Novosibirsk, Yekaterinburg, Nizhny Novgorod, and Kazan. The East Slavs emerged as a recognisable group in Europe between the 3rd and 8th centuries CE. Kievan Rus' arose as a state in the 9th century, and in 988, it adopted Orthodox Christianity from the Byzantine Empire. Rus' ultimately disintegrated, with the Grand Duchy of Moscow growing to become the Tsardom of Russia. By the early 18th century, Russia had vastly expanded through conquest, annexation, and the efforts of Russian explorers, developing into the Russian Empire, which remains the third-largest empire in history. However, with the Russian Revolution in 1917, Russia's monarchic rule was abolished and replaced by the Russian SFSR—the world's first constitutionally socialist state. Following the Russian Civil War, the Russian SFSR established the Soviet Union (with three other Soviet republics), within which it was the largest and principal constituent. At the expense of millions of lives, the Soviet Union underwent rapid industrialization in the 1930s, and later played a decisive role for the Allies of World War II by leading large-scale efforts on the Eastern Front. With the onset of the Cold War, it competed with the United States for global ideological influence; the Soviet era of the 20th century saw some of the most significant Russian technological achievements, including the first human-made satellite and the first human expedition into outer space. In 1991, the Russian SFSR emerged from the dissolution of the Soviet Union as the independent Russian Federation. A new constitution was adopted, and Russia has since been governed as a federal semi-presidential republic. Since the turn of the century, Russia's political system has been dominated by Vladimir Putin, under whom the country has experienced democratic backsliding and a shift towards authoritarianism. Russia has been involved militarily in a number of post-Soviet states, which has included the internationally unrecognised annexations of Crimea in 2014 from neighbouring Ukraine and four other regions in 2022 during an ongoing invasion. International rankings of Russia place it low in measurements of human rights and freedom of the press; the country also has high levels of perceived corruption.
<Kanye_West>	Ye (/jeɪ/ YAY; born Kanye Omari West /ˈkɑːnjeɪ/ KAHN-yay; June 8, 1977) is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, record producer and fashion designer.Born in Atlanta and raised in Chicago, West initially gained recognition as a producer for Roc-A-Fella Records in the early 2000s, producing singles for several artists and developing the "chipmunk soul" sampling style. Intent on pursuing a solo career as a rapper, he released his debut studio album, The College Dropout (2004), to critical and commercial success. He founded the record label GOOD Music later that year. West explored diverse musical elements like orchestras, synthesizers, and autotune on the albums Late Registration (2005), Graduation (2007), and 808s & Heartbreak (2008). His fifth and sixth albums My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy (2010) and Yeezus (2013) were also met with critical and commercial success. West further diversified his musical styles on The Life of Pablo (2016) and Ye (2018) and explored Christian and gospel music on Jesus Is King (2019). His tenth album Donda (2021) was released to continued commercial success but mixed critical reception. West's discography also includes the two full-length collaborative albums Watch the Throne (2011) with Jay-Z and Kids See Ghosts (2018) with Kid Cudi. One of the world's best-selling music artists, with over 160 million records sold, West has won 22 Grammy Awards and 75 nominations, the joint tenth-most of all time, and the joint-most Grammy awards of any rapper along with Jay-Z. Among his other awards are the Billboard Artist Achievement Award, a joint-record three Brit Awards for Best International Male Solo Artist and the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award. Six of West's albums were included on Rolling Stone's 2020 500 Greatest Albums of All Time list with the same publication naming him one of the 100 Greatest Songwriters of All Time. He holds the joint record (with Bob Dylan) for most albums (4) topping the annual Pazz & Jop critic poll, and has the 5th most appearances on the Billboard Hot 100 (133 entries). Time named him one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2005 and 2015. As a fashion designer, he has collaborated with Nike, Louis Vuitton, Gap, and A.P.C. on clothing and footwear and led the Yeezy collaboration with Adidas. He is also the founder and head of the creative content company Donda.
<Marc_Baril>	
<What_Is_it_Like_to_Be_a_Bat?>	
<John_Fanning_(businessman)>	
<Take_the_\u0022A\u0022_Train>	
<Paula_Murad_Coburn>	
<Sexual_Desire_(book)>	
<Scott_Albert_(writer)>	
<Mind's_Eye_Productions>	
<Karin_Elisabeth_von_Schaper>	
<Bridge_Builder>	
<David_W._Pipes,_Jr.>	
<Visi_Media_Asia>	
<Joanne_Dorian>	
<Don_\u0022Red\u0022_Barry>	
<Herbert_H._Franklin>	
<880_West_Broadway>	
<Do_the_Windows_Open?>	
<Lenovo_IdeaPad_S100>	
<Julie_Condra>	
<Josephine_Wayne>	
<Big_Viking_Games>	
<Adibas>	
<Pétala_Monteiro>	
<Gordon_Tipple>	
<Akatsuki_no_Amaneka_to_Aoi_Kyojin>	
<Kim_Chestney>	
<Rupesh_D._Gohil>	
<Elizabeth_Rees-Williams>	
<Guinn_\u0022Big_Boy\u0022_Williams>	
<Paul_\u0022Bear\u0022_Bryant_Award>	
<Princess_Elisabeth,_Duchess_in_Bavaria>	
<Chronic_Logic>	
<10\u005e16_to_1>	
<Danny_Mountain>	
<Craig_Handley>	
<Nicole_Mitchell_Murphy>	
<Labour_Party_(UK)>	The Labour Party is a political party in the United Kingdom that has been described as an alliance of social democrats, democratic socialists and trade unionists.[18] The Labour Party sits on the centre-left of the political spectrum. In all general elections since 1922, Labour has been either the governing party or the Official Opposition. There have been six Labour prime ministers and thirteen Labour ministries. The party holds the annual Labour Party Conference, at which party policy is formulated. The party was founded in 1900, having grown out of the trade union movement and socialist parties of the 19th century. It overtook the Liberal Party to become the main opposition to the Conservative Party in the early 1920s, forming two minority governments under Ramsay MacDonald in the 1920s and early 1930s. Labour served in the wartime coalition of 1940–1945, after which Clement Attlee's Labour government established the National Health Service and expanded the welfare state from 1945 to 1951. Under Harold Wilson and James Callaghan, Labour again governed from 1964 to 1970 and 1974 to 1979. In the 1990s, Tony Blair took Labour to the centre as part of his New Labour project which governed under Blair and then Gordon Brown from 1997 to 2010.